BREAKING: @SheriffClarke announces he will "accept an appointment as an assistant secretary in the Department of Homeland Security."
Oh, that's right, I forgot. It's still illegal to be black and a conservative
This has more to do with people dying,in custody,than political leaning.I hope we can agree that death by dehydration is a very bad thing.
Not for some people
Well, that says a lot horrible things about "some" people. Primarily that they are soulless.
No, just that a lot of them deserve it..
In America we don't torture prisoners to death
What? When did this happen?
What do you call it when you lock someone in a room without access to water until they die screaming in agony seven days later?
U going to get to your point sometime today?
This entire administration is a disgrace.
This, meaning Kamala Harris' run at admin, right?  Let's be clear.
Not clear on what your question is but am a strong supporter of Senator Harris.  The Trump Admin is the disgrace.
Senator Harris is a supporter of human trafficking gangs that operated in Southern California until we had our President in charge.  Promise
Bullshit. She prosecuted them. Fox & Breitbart are what DT calls fake news. Watch something else.
I don't own a television, @khristiereed.  I'm one of many ignored victims in Southern California because AG Harris looked the other way.
GOOD! You fully deserve all the pain you get, even that butt hurt being ignored. Perhaps you should learn to not throw beer cans at the TV?
The funniest political whine is where racists like hux expect people of color to fullfill their every racist whimsical foolishness
Casting stones Senator? Your record of of malfeasance is quite concerning.
Is there any way to stop it? 
Trumps ability to disgrace America, seems to know no bounds! @realDonaldTrump  @IvankaTrump @EricTrump
It certainly doesn't! How've you been, btw?
Perfect representation of Trump Administration mentality.
And what does being a supporter of human trafficking gangs make you?
Many of us LOVE HIM.... just try to stop him ..Quit Kamala being a RACIST, that's all you are!!!
On behalf of the entire state of Wisconsin, I apologize from the bottom of my heart for this travesty.
He's a true American patriot & not a liberal apologist as you are. @TEN_GOP @POTUS
What, because he upheld the law?  Did things by the Constitution?  Not let Illegals get away with anything.  This is disgraceful?
What unconscionable record? @SheriffClarke is a hero!
New target for the whinny haters.... if he was so UNFIT why was he the Sheriff in Milwaukee since 2002? He "silenced" his opponents? LMAO
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @CNN
Delusions of grandeur dance through your head. Disgrace is your history #WillieBrown
CNN's serial plagarist ladies and gentleman Fareed Zakariahttp://www.vanityfair.com/news/2015/02/michael-kinsley-fareed-zakaria-plagarism
Liar
One of many disgraces,not the least of which is the PRESIDENT.
wait what???? what is happening? 
So this is real?
Yes, sadly. And it's an appt that doesn't need Senate approval, so it's a done deal.
Wonder if congressional Dems can vote him out
Hope not he's a great guy, you two are just racist it's thAt simple !
Utterly disgraceful. He is completely unfit in character, reputation and history. He also looks like a complete idiot.
Seems he plagerizes too.
What a wonderful choice! Anyone opposing Sheriff Clark must be a racist!
With each tweet you become more ridiculous. Suck it up, Buttercup.
That she is a "rising star" on the Left tells everyone everything they need to know about her.
Your point here being...?
I'm getting out of sync...
Run along chil'
knock that off disagree don't insult we are all in conflict with this president please
ok I apologise but after this is over either way we have to come together as Americans
well discussing politics is very volatile and I get carried away but after Vietnam war I try
What a nightmare.
I don't even have a concept of what "fit to serve" means in this administration other than having a suppressed gag reflex & a life preserver
like @MrChuckD said, every brotha ain't a brotha
At least he has a record. All u do is whine and complain but have failed to do Anything to help anyone other than yourself. U r the disgrace
Agreed, nothing like an "Uncle Tom" to strengthen the rallying cry of White Nationalists. Shame. End mass incarceration!!!  @13THFilm
More to the point, makes Trump a disgrace!
As is most of DT's appointments!
@potus @realDonaldTrump are unfit for fatherhood, marriage, business, common decency and the presidency....what do we expect?!
@alneuhauser @SheriffClarke  Senator Harris please continue to fight to block despicable appointments like this
Agree. Thank you, Sen Harris.
David Clarke is a named defendant in 2 cases: death of a newborn where Mom was forced to give birth in shackles/Another, inmate died in jail
His record is an affront to those who serve with honor.
Anything to avoid that grand jury eh Sheriff?
Why does he keep appointing these losers?
@alneuhauser @SheriffClarke Welcome aboard the 45 train, move back to the caboose with the HUD guy
This is frighteningly alarming! I feel less and less safe with the decisions of this administration!
Then my guess is he'll fit right in w/ others who have no knowledge or business being in their positions.
Par with the course, if this idiot wants to jump on the sinking ship let him. Everyone else is gonna be headed for the lifeboats Trump sunk.
#NeverVoteGOP #ImpeachTrumpPence #TrumpRussia
@randyprine @alneuhauser @SheriffClarke He is a lunatic
nor does anyone else along w trump not qualified. just another jail cell. i figure 10-12 will be prosecuted from trump admin ect
@SheriffClarke is a treasonous & felonious fraud.
2/ Look at this fucking guy's uniform. You see all that shit pinned all over his dress uniform jacket? That's not supposed to be there. 
Clarke is unfit for any job in any position in any government. I'm in Milwaukee and I oughta know.
Coon Clarke is literally the token negro in Trump's administration. Clarke is there to help declare war on BLM movement and black citizens
He's Another filthy zionistPAWN~
The appointment of this despicable man, David Clarke, sickens me & is a slap in the face to all who believe in justice.
@SpryGuy Certainly is.
What are they thinking putting someone like that in Homeland Security?
@Linda3717 we have to get rid of all of his unfit loser choices for jobs they can't do especially him. He is sadistic 
Not fit to serve...anything
Another set of witches are about to rise up and make a false accusation against Sheriff David. Like they did to Trump rape false accusation
He's another Joe Arpiao
It's payback for loyalty given to trump and the fact that he wasn't going to get reelcted.
its par for the course in this admin
EVERYBODYS dirty
Y is there always one ni99er who does just what the massa needs.
He is likely to screw up badly quickly
I c Trump & team is scraping the bottom of barrel again, no decent respectable honest America will except any position in this Corrupt Adm.
This man is unfit to clean out kitty litter much less hold public office of any kind. HIS Russian ties need to investigated also...
We must make our voices heard and #resist with everything we've got. This is outrageous!
So what will you do to stop Clarke's appointment?
Don't forget his connection to Russia.
Jesus fucking Christ! Sorry.....first words out of my mouth.
Par for the course for Trump. Charlie Manson wasn't available...
How is this disgrace different from the other disgraces? WHO...IS...SURPRISED?!?!
The racist appoints ANOTHER racist to push their racist agenda! Unfathomable!
Disgraceful
a DISGRACE, a JOKE, a typical Trump incompetent appointment though.
Does this position need Senate approval?
Racist, much? Stop hating Sheriff Clarke because he is black. His credentials are outstanding
Agreed!
He fits right in with this abomination of an administration.
@naretevduorp @alneuhauser @SheriffClarke More deplorable choices. Doesn't DJT et al know we are about on our last nerve?
@alneuhauser @SheriffClarke does he have to go through confirmation?
There isn't a person on the face of this earth didn't know this was a disaster waiting to happen.
Why cause he's black so he's unfit
Ridiculous appointment & man.
There has to be a way to oppose this appointment!!!
Terrible!!!
@alneuhauser @SheriffClarke That is a specialty of Trump's hiring the most unqualified corrupt/racist/hate mongers: Clarke
Ms Harris is absolutely  correct
In Trump World, that is a glowing recommendation.
Unfit to serve.
Lieberman is also a hugely divisive choice
This is just another exame of trump doing all he can to demolish our democracy as he promised putin he would. Every person trump has
appointed has been wildly inappropriate. The sec of EPA hates the EPA. DOJ..a racist and liar who couldnt make judge. Etc etc. All inapropo
Just another thing to add to the LOOOOOONG list of disgraces.
A pathetic and ineffective attempt to distract
I don't accept him.
"Lock #clarke up!"
WTF? They gave this Fool a National Job???? He makes Clarence Thomas look like a Black Man! Smh! Damn Shame!
this is so putin are people. Blind or complicit
@ystriya @alneuhauser @SheriffClarke Hope he means he's a temp typist.
@LittleRed623 @alneuhauser @SheriffClarke unacceptable
another freaking russian connection
Indeed it is a disgrace, but tell me....which Trump appointment isn't a disgrace?
Disgrace is right, but alas just 1 of many, in keeping w/most of 45's appointments. Insults just keep coming, don't they?
Monster under our beds!! Mommie!!!
Just one in a long deranged clown line.
All of 45's appointment are a disgrace 
He needs approval from Senate? Right?
So stop it, senator Harris. It's that simple.
He's a disgrace- know his type well- They cannot stand who they are as a person and that anger boils over into every aspect of their lives-
A good fit with the rest of them though
In a just country, Clarke would die in prison, after a life in solitary.
Records don't matter - only loyalty matters. #TrumpTest
Guess being responsible for a handful of inmates' deaths was small potatoes. Great! Got a country full of potential victims now. Yipes!
@DHSgov @DHSOIG How can this guy be granted a security clearance? How? Why? Are we throwing away background investigation standards?
Horrifying!
he is a great pick! Look at all of the merit badges on his uniform!
Sheriff Clarke deserves a medal for all he's accomplished.
He's delusional! DOHS denied the position. Lol
It'll be short-lived.
USA officially open to bring in more Nazis Russian spies foreign white nationalists and female child sec slaves
Next time American citizens, stay woke!! #DiggingYourOwnGrave
David A Clark is an embarrassment to African Americans, to Americans, and to humanity.
Keep them honest and hold them accountable for their actions. Not a job that anyone thinks they  can do. They need to Know & Follow the law!
Just about what we would expect from this administration. @realDonaldTrump is out for vengeance.
He's the antithesis to DHS Mission: "With honor and integrity, we will safeguard the American people, our homeland, and our values."
@TheCostOfEnergy Imagine if he were Comet's replacement, as many Trump tweet trolls wanted.
Is there one Trump appointment that could not described the same?
The entire Trump Adm is a disgrace. Clarke just represents a few sprinkles on top of the 
Disgrace is so polite. Not this guy. He's despicable and he hurts people
@MomYourek This is being done out of revenge on dt's part because he knows a large portion of Americans hate him.
.@SenKamalaHarris @Honey17011 @alneuhauser @SheriffClarke responsible for many deaths. Must not be approved until investigation concludes.
Isn't Clark under investigation in his town. Isn't he being sued. No way should anyone being investigated allow to serve in our government
unfit is an overused word by people who are unfit.
You know Sheriff Clarke?
Has DHS confirmed?  They wouldn't yesterday.
#lawd #this right here
It actually makes him a perfect fit for the current administration. Just a horrible fit for America.
Since DT drained the swamp there seems to be a lot more "leeches" around!
Must be all that flare he wears...
This billshit here
@SheriffClarke
Filling the swamp.
Another bad choice by this administration.
No reason we should be left with garbage like this when his presidency is a lie! This is incl. that person they call his vp
No shocker here at this point. All of his appointments should be voided WHEN he resigns or is impeached!!
Resist!!
Don't worry America, he wears a Stetson! Phew, you guys are in safe safe (tiny, tiny, iddy biddy) hands!
@alneuhauser @SheriffClarke is one of many WI notables; McCarthy, Gien, Coresh.
This is terrible.   The Goebels to trump's Hitler.
Disgusting.  Shake my head so hard at all of these opposite world appointments.
Many residents of Milwaukee Co. Are pleased to see him go!
Welcome to Trumpland.  #thugland
You mean his record of supporting the rule of law? Yes, I can see how you would be against that.#confirmclarke
hey with flynn gone, trump needs another "good old boy" around him!!
KAMALA DON'T FORGET THIS>>
Another Russian bought paid but job! He will be fired! Why? Because he will do something incredibly stupid!
Sickening
Weren't seen or heard n women had their place
This administration is about control nationalism isolationist right-winged Christian (Caucasian) values of the early 20th century where POC
He is yet another horrible choice by this administration, every time you think they can't do anything more stupid or wrong, they do.
Finally someone in authority with a backbone. #DontDoTheCrimeIfYouCantDoTheTime
Thank you for saying so. This is true.
At least he won't be sheriff anymore....maybe the town can fix itself now
Racist!!!
Playing to White Nationalist/Patriot base, instigating the Christian militancy Bannon has called for. Not good.
@phatsacophunk Pot Black Kam! U Unfit too. Another Two faced Cliché Politician with nothing unique to add, Only personal BS
#KamalaHarris2020
Wait wasn't he on trial for murder how is he getting a job in the White House!
Yet another Unfit, Unqualified, Idiot for the Trump Train Senator. It's time for Congress to Derail his Train & Impeach him
David Clarke is a disgrace to law enforcement and justice in this country. He stands for tyranny!
This proves the existence of a short list of idiots. Loyalty being the only requirement. This is a ship of fools that no one wants to board
The rwnj's scream pro-life yet support this baby killer? And then lecture on the sanctity of life? The #GOP is a goddamned sick joke.
.@POTUS administration targets middle class and poor for small-scale crimes but allows the rich, like .@realdonaldtrump to grift U.S. #USA
Like everything else associated with @realDonaldTrump .
Is he SS or SA?
@alneuhauser @SheriffClarke Clarke is tough on crime.  Wish we had a million more like him. Too much crime out there!
Such an abomination only seems fitting, for this administration. #nosurprise
Who else but his type to say "Hey! Is that there a sinking ship I see? Hold da boat! Let me on!". #TrumpCrimeFamily
Whitehouse continues to deny Sheriff Clarke's claim of job offer. Just another right wing nut.
the most callous part of me hopes this means at the least people will stop dying in Milwaukee county jails
It only gets worse 
This man is responsible for prisoner deaths on his watch. This is a disgusting choice.
Just a disgrace
Well, he's being appointed by someone also unfit to serve
