"Honest testimony is required if we are to have justice in America" -Jeff #Sessions

I agree. 
I watched you cross examine him and thought you had a great line of questioning.
I don't think he can promulgate theses alleged DOJ rules in such a short time.
So much for clear answers to basic questions.  GOP Senators are complicit.  Please call them out.
Why no inquiries into Clinton's Russian ties? Why no OUTRAGE from members of Congress about possible cover ups by Comey, Lynch, Obama?
perhaps soon Mr. Sessions will be capable of giving it.....

Perhaps Mr. Mueller can help him
Agreed.  But, we're not going to get it from Sessions.  Sycophantic weasel.
Honest Democrat politicians are required before your party ever gets back in power.
Madam you would not know justice if it bit your ass .
If he tells the truth he maybe FIRED
He lied under oath to @SenFranken Throw is ass in jail!
Yes Kamala, you get to ask a question. But then the other person gets to answer it.
We might have actually heard what he had to say if you weren't constantly interrupting! Now playing the gender card, pathetic.
Perhaps like any good Christian one must walk the walk and not just talk and talk Jeff.
You won't see any honestly from Sessions...not before and certainly not now.
Kamala is heads and heels above corrupt, lying Sessions. His loyalty SHOULD be to his country not tRump
He must be a graduate of the Trump University of BS
#Evergreentweet #WomenAreFightingBack all over for #freedom cuz #socialismkills #StopDemocratViolence pass #NationalCarry Law cc @CarlHigbie
heck of an overbite, kind of scarey.
..NOT being a sexist's but going for the political jugular....is the softest & quickest way to bring down your prey :)
Why do they always try to cut you off or act like your over reacting when your questioning some one ,they know you get to the point thas why
Because GOP men are afraid of strong, intelligent women who know when they are lobbing softballs and trying to brush it under the rug.

Senator Harris - isn't he in contempt of congress if he doesn't answer questions ???
Every sperm is NOT sacred, is it!  Ask those gals at Fox News and Hallie and Katy at MS and not fake Mary Carillo, right now, thanks!
Doubt you'll get that from him!
Jeff Sessions wouldn’t know justice if it dropped in his lap to remind him of the constitution
When are YOU going to quit LYING to  American citizens ?????????
Honest, unbiased attitude is required by you, also, which you do NOT display. You are a puppet of the Left, sad. You are rude, obnoxious
She's also a former state AG and current Senator so I don't know if she's that jealous?
WHY DOES HE GET AWAY WITH THIS
@SenKamalaHarris .....
Just like HILLARY Clinton!  168 "I don't recalls" in her questioning.  #hypocrite
You're a terrible actress and suck at trying to be a bad ass.....Sessions schooled you, now what.

He’s not trustworthy.
He apparently does not know the definition of "honest."  He keeps lying.  Under oath!
My favorite,  “I, I am not able to be rushed this fast,” Sessions stammered. “It makes me nervous.”
You trying to make this a sexist thing? Really, are you really? Not showing much intelligence are you?  Ur a bad example!
#harrisisaBULLY
Jeff Sessions is a liar. 
Funny, Holder did the exact same thing on conversations with Obama, but none of you loons seemed to mind then #Hyperlocal
You wouldn't let him give his testimony.. You are rediculous
He DID honestly testify but Dems have on their partisan glasses & hear with partisan ears!
Seen Willie Brown lately
You want him to lie, so you can be right .
Sessions said you took him too fast and it was making him nervous.  No, you made it hard to keep his lies straight. LOL #Kamala2020
Questioning is fine but loud shouting down is rude. You could ask same questions politely and professionally. Lets uphold american values!
What a convoluted, roundabout way to say you don't want justice in America.
Thank you,  Senator, for being one of the few adults in this nursery school recess.
#SessionsTestimony #lies from a #LiarLiar #perjury is a #criminaloffense so why isn't he in jail? #resignsessions
#WithFewExceptions
He said he always tries to be honest... Me, I always try to be taller.
You are the best!   Very few of the other Senators have your skills and they are jealous of you.  GOP hates powerful women!
@TheAmyBrenneman The RHETORIC has got to stop and it has to STOP AT THE TOP! POTUS has to take the LEAD and STOP THE RHETORIC.
Good luck getting honest testimony from Lynch, Comey, & their like!
Shall fall on his sword, fighting his own daemons.
You're not going to get honest testimony from sessions.
He's such a hypocrite, such a fool.
Former Deputy Asst. AG, Roy L. Austin, Jr. stated denegration of the Department of Justice by Trump/Sessions is UNFORGIVABLE. INVESTIGATE!
You must also know that @jeffsessions is a completely unprincipled liar.
Dispicable little man!
maybe he means for everyone except him....unbelievable
U wouldn't let him talk without trying to infer and lead the answers. But that's the Dem way
First and FOREMOST Congress lady (and I use that term loosely)
You have to let him ANSWER & NOT keep Interrupting!!!!!
Why couldn't we get honest answers from Lois Lerner and Hillary Clinton then?  Please wear both shoes.
That means TESTIMONY, not stonewalling
True but there was no honesty there between " I don't recall" and " I have to protect the president words" haha nothing but more GOP  B S
Not a peep about this 6/7/17 released report ,
 Why Not ? Obstruction at it's Best 
@SenKamalaHarris 
@SenFeinstein
you got him dead to right!
The little Elf needs to arrest himself. It's pretty simple, the ethical life cannot be lived by likes of him.
@jeffsessions   Do you remember saying this?
And to all of you calling this woman a thug, it's apparent that you have no idea what a thug is. Get your life together.
I saw how frustrated you were with his answers. I loved when he admitted that you were making him nervous. Keep doing your thing.
The keebler elf caught lying again
It will be 2018 when dems take one of the houses before real answers are forced from adm
Keep killing it Kamala.  We are cheering for your tenacious, on point questioning of the facts.
This video should've been a tv commercial before his hearing on 6/13/17.
Yes! This. #Evergreentweet
We support you lady...GREAT JOB!
FIX THE SUBWAYS PLEASE.
Can you say "hypocrite "
And you got honesty! You need to find something else to do! Nothing there,Quit wasting time and do your job,whatever that may be.
Yeah that kettle is black said the pot...goes around comes around
He doesn't live by those words. He has been caught in lies previously. Interviewing him was a waste of time. He was used for misinformation.
U continue to be my hero, re: intel committee hearings -- Thank you for being strong and unapologetic - thank you, thank you, thank you.
Sounds like the same testimony that Hillary was evoking during the Benghazi turmoil
I expected this crafty old fox would deny everything about his Russian connection.
NOTHING. keeps a strong woman down, not even a 80 yr old nasty boy. Poor Jeff. You made him nervous. YOU GO GIRL. You're a National hero. ♡♡
Bilbo Baggins the Bigot! @WifeMom6 @blueslz @BendySarahMarie 
https://twitter.com/MrJamesonNeat/status/874833491799580672/photo/1pic.twitter.com/MX9UoPmWFe 
Get over yourselve Kamala. Nobody likes u. u stick out like a sore thumb in Washington. You're just an annoying newbie who wants 2b heard
Sessions is so weak.....stand strong senator....he is a stone waller....the Arkansas senator is a joke also
Oooo drag him 
#interruptitis
I think he doth protest too much. #Madashell.#Iamnotacrook
All these #EvergreenTweets of Republican words coming back to haunt them and we can grow a forest.
Did he forget the phrase in his oath "the whole truth?"
"Honest"  To quote Princess Bride "I do not think that word means what you think it means."
In the view of reasonable people his testimony was extremely honest. You however are carrying out a dishonest partisan attack.
I love the shade and I love YOU. Thank you for fighting for all of us.
Damn shame Sessions doesn't know how to or want to deliver such.
Us voters agree, too......let's review AG Loretta Lynch's testimony re: the Hillary Clinton email investigation.......agree?
Kamala, You are the RUDEST person I have EVER seen! Sessions has more integrity and knowledge in his finger than you have in ur whole body!!
@jeffsessions time to RESIGN listen to your hypocrisy- oh and there more on tapes to prove you lied today? Spark your memory now?
You make all women proud. Thank you for fighting the good fight. Is it possible that #Sessions has become a double agent?
You go, Senator!
Tell that to The Clintons!
Exactly we. We'd honest testimony from @AGLynch on how she obstructed justice to try to fix the campaign for @HillaryClinton
Oh....he didn't mean that it was required of him
Please stay on this, we need you. Thank you for all you do.
Refreshing to hear a true honorable former senator speak truth to the circus show put forth by the dnc and the fake MSM
I love you
Senator Harris brought the receipts!

So was @jeffsessions Lying then OR is @attorneygeneral Lying Now?
Senator Harris, Keep giving them Hell !
Truth, law, what is right, what is wrong does not pertain to this administration or this president They believe they are what is right Truth
You were on fire but as usual stopped. They fear you.
Don't falter. #resist!
Honesty and Trump administration?  Very funny thought. Good one!
Thank you, Senator
Jeff time to resign for health reasons.
Oh big surprise , hypocrisy.
California is proud of you, Sis! Sprinkle that #BlackGirlMagic all over Capitol Hill. 
Keep the faith, Kamala!
I have watched u soar! Ur an inspiration 2 law students & patriots alike! Tough as nails, the USA needs it more than ever!
Some of these guys are so used to telling lies, and that good old boy network protect them.
So why did you NOT do that today AG Sessions?
Thank You Sen.Harris for being a champion against this corrupt administration. You are very much appreciated for your integrity and service
Dear Senator:
You wouldn't know honesty if someone stenciled it on your forearm!
Troll so hard.
#Evergreentweet https://twitter.com/SenKamalaHarris/status/837362602019782658 …
Why did you let comey say he wouldnt answer,but would answer in closed session? Why let comey do this but not Sessions? You are irrelevant!
OMG! Perfect!
What Sessions did was a rehearsed staged performance enhanced only by republicans who chose to feed him lines. Close in on him Sen Harris.
GOP amnesia is apparently catching. Thank you for all you are doing.
You are the BEST, Senator!
She got receipts!
Kamala - U R A Thug
He is a lying POS.
He can't recall. 
You're confused. You mean Hillary Clinton, James Comey, Loretta lynch, Susan rice, BHO, aka Barry Soetero, etc.
You are an excellent example of someone that executes questions that make people nervous. I mean that in a good way. He is a twit
"Beau-regard get thee to an apothecary!"
Doesn't practice what he preaches I see.
Brain fart
No America should have to go to jail as long as This scumbag is Attorney General. #FakeAG
 #irony
ha! He has no memory of that
You would not even let him answer, I don't think you were looking for honest.
Answer yes or no; ramble ramble ramble
When take an oath to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, sometimes, yes or no don't cut it
When the questioner has 5 minutes and you're afraid of the questions you stall, ramble & kill time to get back to your bud's soft ??
Since the committee set the rules of engagement, that really is not Mr Sessions fault.
Thank you so much for all of your hard work and saying your peace! You make me proud to be an American. So, so proud!
This is so true of you.....Beauty is skin deep bc you sure ore UGLY on the inside!
Perhaps "upon reflection" he has changed his mind about this earlier view too.
America will NEVER have justice with Sessions Trump Bannon & Ryan in this country.  We must RESIST the EVIL!!! oh and the trumpettes
Was pretty evident to all why u flunked the Bar.  You really sucked today.  Not to mention how rude u sounded....geeze
I'm afraid he will say he does not recall saying that...even with video proof..
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything.
~ Mark Twain

I am moderate (57% Rep & 43% Dem).  Dems are clueless and keep pushing more mods to the right.  End the baseless witch hunt & get to work.
If he only practiced what he preached
Shouldn't it start with Sessions!? From what I heard, he doesn't warrant being AG. #DrainTrumpSwamp #SessionsResign #ProtectOurDemocracy
You're the best!  Thanks for shaking him up!

@SenKamalaHarris Sessions made ya look like the disrespectful fool that you are.  He had every right not to reveal conversations w/POTUS 
Can you explain this? #KamalaHarris behind raid of pro-life activist slammed for Planned Parenthood advocacy.
only by saying Harris advocates "crunchy" killing of babies for bodyparts
#sick
#defundPP
You gave it your best shot Sen Harris. He stonewalled and they tried to shut you down again. We will fight on.
You were such an amazing representative for our voices screaming at the television today. Well done!
Session and others claiming memory loss, Trump might claim mentally ill later.
I think if he spent some time in jail then that may help his memory real fast. What a liar and we all know that don't recall don't work.
He and NSA,  CIA directors should be charged with Contempt of Congress and spend a few weeks behind bars, it will help they're memory
You made a fool of yourself today Senator. You're an embarrassment.
Thanks for your question to the dishonest and distracting AG. Shame on @johnmccain2016 and Senator Burr for disrespecting you!
You're doing a great job!!!!
You were amazing today!
Damn. He looked like a cabbage patch kid back then too?!
Make him very nervous!!!!
Awwwww...poor thing, you got called out now you're all mad and stuff..hey have you watched Jason Bourne lately..
You did a great job with your prosecutorial questions.  Sessions was playing word and avoidance games.
All Senators on intel committee should yield their time to you, King and Heinrich. The 5 minute limit is bullshit.
My gut tells me your favorite class at law school were the mock trials, and your favorite assignment was cross-examination day! Holy Moly.
She was San Francisco DA and the Atty General of Ca. I guess she knows how to question a criminal. #WONDER WOMAN
Yes, but not if it involves me and any wrongdoing.
There it is.
