
Wish there had been outrage when Eric Holder was voted in contempt of Congress for actual lies.
IF only GOP cared about the Sanctity of country vs their own personal intrest! Apparently LAWS don't apply
have you ever met with a Russian diplomat in the course of being a Senator?
SO SHOULD TRUMP #trumprussia #trumpresign. Strange bedfellows, the GOP and the Russians, eh?
plz #Sessions has been assigned such an important task of #VoterSuppression build a White nation,he must stay  @SenKamalaHarris @sardnas51
the Founding Fathers NEVER wanted there to be a political ruling class. You and all politicians are that.
which is why I am registered as no party affiliation and consider myself libertarian. The gov should leave me the hell alone
I think this ALSO APPLIES TO TRUMPY.
Haha true!! I conquer!
concur + conquer! ;)
Concur, yes! Glad you knew I didn't mean 'conquer'! 
I thought so!  GLAD you did not take my remark as a *correction*. I just love WORDS.
I appreciate you pointing it out in the nicest way possible 
hey, as far as I'm concerned, *conquer* could work just fine.
That Sessions is just cheap, and everybody knows it.
I vote republican sometimes but you are right
did the DNC write all of your tweets for you?
/the best interest 4 is that the Socialist DEM  be destroyed, by the way it is happening by their own .
Why? So shadow government Obama Jr can step in? He'll no, woman!
@JTKackman Since when has the #GOP ever cared about that?  Maybe Lincoln?
@nytimes He should leave his post and resign immediately, Esp.after all that jeering. Wat is he hanging on to? More?
I am a retired social worker.  I testified many, many times in court.  Had I lied under oath I would have been fired.
How did that go for you? You just can't stop losing,you're prolific at it!
, yes that would be a step in the right directoon
Amazing how you would even mention the best interests of the nation as you and your party attempt to destabilize it!
Does Trump or any of his nominees really care about the best interest of the country?? Not so far...
IT WILL SNOW IN HELL BEFORE #JEFFSESSIONS RESIGNS.
Thabk you for taking a strong stand. I ask that @SenFeinstein do the same.
@jeffsessions commits perjury but @SallyQYates fired for non-law deemed Unconstitutional?
#Sessions 
#TheApprentice
@Kyle_Lierman FINALLY!

. @SenKamalaHarris funny
@Dadler28 ABSOLUTELY
.@SenKamalaHarris yes & hurry b4 he starts 2 expose the LEFT even more clearly as the evil demon that it truly is @POTUS #PJNET @LouDobbs
People need to follow all the dirty money from Russia.
you should too. For our nation's best interests.
Sessions, another example of alternative facts
@artist4ever if it was someone else Sessions would prosecute him.
.@SenKamalaHarris VACATE? Why didn’t you just simply say “resign?” Is vacate different legally? (really asking…)
In the best interest of the nation, Attorney General Sessions must vacate his position immediately.
trump is like an abusive partner who beats the shit out of you for your own good...America don't become his victim!!
I thought Kamala was African American --- why is she going for the white look in he AVI
No he should not. He didn't lie.This is political theater because @POTUS gave an amazing speech Tues.
If he had the best interest of the nation at heart, he would never have accepted the nomination.
Give me a break Please quit dividing our country and get to work to make America great again
Sessions need to start investigations on Obama and the Democratic Party. What your party is attempting is a Coup!
They lie to the FBI Congress.  They even lie through high tech (Twitter) daily!
In the best interest of the country, the dems who R calling 4 AG Sessions 2 resign, should be recalled by their citizens?
did you think the same of @AGLynch that she should've recused herself after meeting with @billclinton? Just wondering!
-This could be an opportunity for him to get inside view as a resident' of 
 of those For Profit Prisons he is so fond of?!.
Prosecute and jail him. Send him to Russia
Yep, as in criminally charged and fired.
That's rich, coming from the Senator of the state that just hired Eric Holder. #IRSscandal, #fastandfurious
If only the best interest of the nation was his aim.
Here's a challenge! How about you make your next tweet about something you are doing to help Californians?
Focusing on Russia without acknowledging that we meddled in their and other countries political process is disingenuous.
Nah, he's needed to get the establishment skeletons out of the closet but thanks anyways.
agreed!
Good luck with that. Honest people looking at this partisan outrage are realizing just how bad Democrats are. No votes 4 U
He did not right the offensive emails or Cheat on a debate. You're upset about Dems getting caught vs. about what they did
senator please, we need an independent bi-partisan investigation into the whole affair
Thank you & please do not let up on this until Sessions Resigns. Recusal is not enough in this case.
please Senator, hold him to the law.  We depend on you.  California citizen.
irony.
he needs to RESIGN!  Say the words. #SessionsMustResign
All of you need to get off your high horse, Dems and Reps, including Trump, stop sucking off the public teet.
the best interests for the country would be for all of you from both parties resign every post and we start over.
why? We have thing in the US called due process.
stop lying
well, if the GOP had best interest of the nation in mind, Sessions would have never been made AG in the first place
What would you know about the the best interests of the country? Trougher.
@ggreeneva  clear & excellent choice of words. Ann R would be proud
Hahahahaha you're a JOKE Kamala 
New CBS poll: 57 percent of Dems approved of Trump's Congressional address
Naw, we like him right where he is!
"best interest" is that a fucking joke? When has anything in Washington been done by ether party in the best interest? LOL!
hey kamala,  why don't you wish in one hand and crap in the other,  let me know which one fills up first
@gop @senategop @housegop @SpeakerRyan @leadermitch @mike_pence @gop Thank you Sen Harris.
When are you going to vacate your position for ruining California?
GET OUT u liar!
@MoveOn Don't wait for him to step down. Don't think he will, he's too arrogant. Make a move, remove his "azz" immediately!
Thank You, Senator Harris!
nah
Right. Because he's a deep cover mole working for Putin. lol. Do you have a brain?
Do you know when you parrot talking points it makes you look like you aren't very smart. Thanks for proving the point.
#Littleredridinghood
In the best interest of the nation, you must vacate your seat immediately.

And delete your acct
In the best interests of the country, Dems should stop allying with neocons in the IC, who want war with Russia
yes, mam
@MoveOn Banana Republic
I agree! Sessions must step down.
And he's a competent and sane individual. By that standard you should have left long ago.
Follow my friend @anthymspirit
oh my, thank you so much! Have a wonderful day my friend!
IMMEDIATELY!!!!!
lol.. good luck with that 
I like waking up to this tweet. 
what slush fund are you currently working on?
No.
So obviously politically motivated.  Fail.
Why?
Shoulda stayed in the Senate boy. Lot safer there.
@mzhensler #FireSessions #SessionsLied @AP @nytimes @washingtonpost @CNN @MSNBC
Check this shit out
Not addressing  #Treasonous #TrumpRussia is a crime itself.  We should anyone found conspiring with #Russia.
@lam1951 As should Donnie.
True even before recent events.
agreed. We should go even further and begin calling for Trump's impeachment. There is no way he had no knowledge of this
The best interest for this nation and the world is for @realDonaldTrump and his cronies to vacate their posts!
for what? Telling the truth and doing his job?
I agree & hope my Senator Tester MT is with you !
Ha ha ha. Sure thing.
Thank you!  This is INSANE.
he'll replace him with another pawn. Lets focus on check mating the king.
Bring back Sally Yates as Ind. Prosecuter
You're awesome, Senator. Glad to have you representing my home state.
I'm a veteran, need a job I'll do it, can't be any worse
@CarlaMoulton3 AMEN!
In the best interest of the nation @realDonaldTrump and his cabinet must also.
Thank you!
Thank you, Kamala! Keep fighting! Sessions must resign. We The People did not vote to be taken over by a foreign power!
How can we have any faith in the administration or congress themselves when the Attorney General lies to Congress?

Mam ALL due respect. Gop preach a lie wonderfully and the Dem preach the truth poorly. We don't have the votes 4 anything.
small flaw. The Democrats are not known for "preaching" or "truth".
Thank you Senator Harris for standing up.  I appreciate it!
and I was about to call you to ask you to say that. Read my mind, Senator.
.@SenKamalaHarris Thank you for your principled leadership. FOUR cabinet nominees lied under oath to Congress!
