Do you have any idea how many scholarships are available? Literally anybody can go to college if they want it bad enough
Why not
I can't afford a Ferrari would you buy me one? Please please please please please
Yeah because ann education is comparable to a luxurious car.
Ferrari or college edu your not entitled to either. Neither is a right. If you don't agree read the constitution and then deal with it.
This has dick to do with the constitution. It's called a social contract. We can have a society without a Ferrari not without Education.
Social contract ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha etc.
Nice rebuttal, bro.
I concur
@SenSanders Is Poison. Think. We older Dems are about to start staying home if you and other cont to let this little man have any sway.
Poison to be associated with the most popular politician in America? Only 8% of Dems dislike him. Youre in the minority
BS has been nothing but a divisive narcissist w a Manichean world view -- like DT -- unless he gets someone like you to run for office.
His worldview is politicians should represent people not corporations and special interests, get Dems back 2 FDR roots. He is right
Yes, and give everyone a car so they can get to school. Move the illegals to the front of the line and hire interpreters for all!
And who is going to pay for it?
Who pays for our $600+ billion discretionary military budget?
Why do you think the government spends that much on the military? Do you have an idea?
Because they have endless military boondoggles and billion-dollar weaponry and machinery that is obsolete and unnecessary?
Spoken just like someone expecting someone else to pay for things. Utopia will never exist.
You pay for the $600 billion discretionary military budget with your tax dollars.
Like I said Joe, Bernie is fighting corporate America. AND the DNC who have more billionaires behind them than Trump. No Utopia.
Why not just make it more affordable? Why does it have to be free? Be honest about WHERE the $ comes from. It doesn't come out of thin air!
How do you think elementary, middle and high school are paid for? It's called socialism where everyone pays and everyone benefits.
Please, at s one point our children even at 20 need to grow up & be responsible. Socialism is a drain.
We spend around 1 trillion a year toward our military. It is estimated that we could feed every hungry human being for 30 billion a year.
You also shouldn't graduate with $250,000 in student loan debt for a degree that on average earns you $50,000/year
Yes it is. Better education = better job = they pay more taxes. College is a great investment  by the state.
What about the middle class! We get absolutely NO grants,  no funding.   Everyone assumes we can pay..guess what. We can't!
The bill also cuts student loan interest rates in half, so it helps the middle class a lot too.
Too bad most college professors are bleeding heart liberals indoctrinating our kids with liberalism brainwashing.Hence pushing for all to go
Perhaps they become liberals after they learn how to think?
Perhaps not. The liberals I have debated think with emotion.They cannot rationalize.Argue with personal attacks,whine when facts R presented
Both sides think these exact same things of the other side,it's due to their perspective since no one has a monopoly on the truth.
Truth is Liberal professors R indoctrinating liberalism in their classes. Truth is Dems/Libs cannot accept Election results, rioting &crying
Simple question. Where will you part all the additional fannies?
What about the condition in San Francisco, where your city has 6% black population and your prisons have 50% black  population? #HarrisFail
Pre graduation trade schools, electronics, more adv computer skills. Free college s/b only for those who have a career path or held jobs
I like you Sen Harris but WHY are you joining Sanders? He too worked with Russia. And he's not a friggin Dem.
This is a conspiracy theory, not a fact. And I think Senator Harris is probably more well versed on the subject than you.
Thanks for taking HRC's college plan for Americans and making it out like it is all your idea.
They're not. They're free to pay their own tuition just as millions before them have -- by getting a job and paying as the go. 
#GrowUp
when you went, the summer job covered tuition for a year. Thanks
No, child, it didn't. The taxpayers didn't bring you into this world. Your parents did. #GetAJob #PayAsYouGo #TimeToGrowUp
yes it did. You know in your time tuition was reasonable.
Is that what you think, Child? Tell me, what was the minimum wage then? Grow up! Do what millions before you did. Get a job. Pay as you go.
1984 tuition per quarter was $600 you tell me how much minimum wage was.
Do you not know how to look up what min wage was in '84, child? Minimum wage was $2.65/hr in '78. Stop making excuses. #GetAJob #PayAsYouGo
You shouldn't be denied food, housing, or clean water either, but everyday millions of people in the richest country in the world are!
When are we going to do something about that, Senator Harris?
I'm sick of the focus on college. What about the kids that aren't college bound? Nationwide our vo-tech educ is horrible.
This legislation to the best of my knowledge increases vocational funding.  If im wrong, I know @SenSanders is in favor of vo-tech
That's good. I admit I haven't looked into it, I should. Wish he'd publicize his views about it as much as he does about college.
Why stop at college? What else can we all get?!
BS is not a Dem and owes the Dems and Hillary an apology. Release your taxes BS! Admit you used Russian propaganda against Hillary
There R tons of programs 4 low income families. Every kid can go 2 college. We dnt need 2 bcome a socialist country to get kids to college
@StaceyBeduhn @SenSanders if the United States can fund countless wars, why can't we also fund single payer & Education??
Thank you so much. When we have moved into a changing economy where people have to reinvent themselves, we need free higher education.
No one is denied an education due to the income of their parents: One can always WORK for it.
Would be nice if the Pentagon finds the missing $20T; some of the money could be used for providing subsidized education for all who apply!
Like healthcare education is a need not a want. To pay for it  start by reallocating tax dollars or start taxing Wall Street & churches
Don't even think about running for Governor, you are just a corporate Democrat!
Don't piggy back of Bernie when you endorsed Hillary!
Stop voting for unnecessary wars and maybe we can fund it.
Have to get everyone into these colleges to be indoctrinated by their leftist professors. #nothanks #resist
No her neighbors should pay for it. NOT
Great concept, will you borrow the money from China to pay for this idea? And who will pay off the loan?

#EducateUSA so we can Climb climb up sunshine ladder where heavenly breezes blow. We see Father Time racing to actualize a futuretoBelieveIn
America is debt 20 Trillion $ in debt and CA alone is $443 billion in debt. More loans?? Balance the budget!!
Yes: affforable college for ALL but please remember those of us drowning in #StudentDebt for 10-15 years now.
College for all benefits society as whole. Trade schools ok for fine tuning skill set but college necessary for functioning in society.
You aren't denied an education. I'm getting loans and grants. I'm already getting job offers. @bakercollege 

6% Interest Rate
Thanks for the effort but if Bernie Sanders wanted to help he should have been behind Hillary from the start. I don't want to hear it now.
America's inventions,creations, medical breakthroughs and more may be locked in minds unable to pay!
Tuition and book costs are ridiculous. Reforming costs, improving grants and allowing for tech Ed options are a better approach. #education
anyone who lives in America & says they can't afford college is a liar. Student Loans, Grant's, and work study.
If you didn't vote for Hillary we could have had this thanks @TheDemocrats
True send the Donald to The JFK jr School of gov't at Harvard. Open a Cambridge Mass White House..make America
As long as you are paying for them.  Half of the World have no shoes, start from there. Vote no college for all. Socialism never works.
Actually a little more familial responsibility would not be the worst thing. This business about buying votes with OPM is getting thin.
Thank you!
Wouldn't it be more sensible to make college debt interest free, so that it would not keep getting bigger?
If you are serious about affordable ed you can't support unlimited federal funding. No incentive to lower costs
Why can't they get a job and pay for their own college just like I did and many others before me have done! U all must have a money tree!
Dinosaur Dems, about to become extinct !!!  We don't want you using our money for others education. Pay for it with your money !!!
In case you are not aware, socialism doesn't work & communism failed. Stop the welfare giveaways & start working for the American citizens?
Taxpayers pay for it. This is a state/local issue not a national one.
Further proving you are the dumbest Senator. Congrats Kamala !!
Thank you, Senator.
I grew up in Ireland raised by a single mum on welfare. Was able to go to a good school and University was free all the way to my doctorate.
I graduated with zero debt. We do have higher taxes, but I really don't mind paying them if it means others have the opportunities I had.
I'm curious: will @SenSanders be using the policy details that @HillaryClinton developed to make this feasible, & give her credit for them?
Who's going to pay for it, the tax payers? There is no such thing as free secondary education. Someone pays!!
Part of your taxes go to education. Teachers don't work for free. Do your research.
No more contributions from me if you support BS
I voted for you but I can not support anything narcissistic socialist never released his taxes, tried to destroy the Dem party and Hillary
Your family should have planned for your future better.
join him ob #UniversalHealthCareNow too it is what Americans want. Stop insurance companies from taking our healthcare $. Big money bad
We're there. Now we're waiting for you to join We the Ppl in supporting #MedicareForAll too. Whose side are you on? Private insurers or us?
cool. Now what about accepting Soros money after you failed to prosecute the bank he owned for fraud?
@SenToomey Are you with them?
I would prefer to see more opportunities in middle and high school.. advanced classes if direction is known, perks to biz 4 apprenticeships
So take from other families? Why that's straight theft!
Awesome!!!
Thank you senator sanders! We need other democrats to join you in the fight for true democracy
As someone w/a student loan from the 90's that was 9% &stymied me economically for yrs this is important.But so is relief for those like me.
who is going to pay for this boondoggle? Ah the average taxpayers of course
U mean u shouldn't pay costs for huge benefit u get from college? Who pays then? Oh. Those that don't go. That sounds fair.
Thank you! We need this and #SinglePayer universal healthcare!
Thank you! Our young people need all the education help they can get.
So everyone goes to college and devalues the degree to the point where it is worthless. Great idea, Stalin would be proud.
Why should I be forced to pay for someone to go get brainwashed by liberal professors?  I didn't go to college. Quit giving away my $$
I got some good news.    You wouldn't be paying.  Money would come from some of the Wall Street folks we bailed out a few years ago
It starts by making our #PublicSchools Better  NATIONWIDE
Just because a parent doesn't save for kids college doesn't make it my responsibility.  I'll pay for primary ED, but not college.
Let's focus on some other issue than just things for middle class white kids.
Thank you.
Give me a break, if you qualify for college and cannot afford it, there are plenty of scholarships out there.  Not everyone needs college
Thank you! We must do this.
so the federal taxpayers foot the bill for everyone even if they can't afford it
Target those Trump states where this is sorely needed.
Thank you!
Good ... at least you have some value.
I shouldn't have to pay for your education just because you won't go get a job and pay for it yourself.
We can call it #Car for all Act. Than Maybe we can introduce #house for All act.
My family can't afford to send me to college and I'm not smart enough to get in. Can I use the money to buy a car to go to work?
With automation on course to take over even skilled jobs, we need an increasingly educated populace to tackle how we'll handle that.
We need more plumbers, electricians & technicians & less college grads who R Bing taught by pc leftists in classes useless 2 prepare 4 a job
Yeah, lets dumb America down and make everyone useless figures in a intellectual society.
Who's going to pay for it? The top 1% you and @SenSanders rail about can't afford it - so it will fall to the middle class. Thanks 4 Nothing
Thank you.
Thank you,
some ppl here don't know how the prices for college have changed. Please do your research! We need affordable college!
Bernie , people should not be denied a new car because they can't afford it.
tell bernie stop bashing Clinton. party needs to come together without Bernie. You shud take the lead.
Just for the record we have Trump because of you 2
if you want an education, you will find a way to get the education and pay for it. No one says you can't go
what about those of us with large amounts of graduate school loans? 6.5%+ isn't cheap. #becomingadoctorisntfree
We need to cancel ALL student debt!!!  It is destroying lives, making it so that so many people can't get credit.
k
I agree with it, I applaud it, and I am fairly sure that the @HouseGOP @SenateGOP will stand against it because it makes total sense.
I'm 55, will I be able to go back to school on the #CollegeforAll act? What are the specifics of the act? Vote on it to read it perhaps??
Thank You, Kamala! Now, will you #JoinBernie and the people by supporting #MedicareForAll? #SB54 #HR676 #BernieCare #WeAreCalifornia
When I had children made decision to start saving for their school. Bought texas tomorrow fund. Need to be responsible for our selves
We have this issue in Nigeria currently in university of Jos, where they kept increasing school fees not thinking of the poor in the society
Poor get the free $$.  Middle class not a cent!
Some snark for ya, tell all those poor people there are plenty of @GOP that will allow the Russians to educate and groom them for obedience!
Didn't CA just raise State tuition?  I voted for you but you aligning with Sanders is making me regret that vote.
Join us in making college completely worthless while ignoring real problems in out education system.
no!!!! We have to many people already in college!! We need electricians, plumbers, etc.!!!!!
that god damn wall is going to cost more then 25 billion dollars, lets use that money for something infinitely more valuable, education
We already have two ways work hard or join the military.
What does "work hard" even mean
Good grades
Kids also shouldn't be denied education because universities gouge students and families insane tuition... #occupybiggreedyuniversities
No you are right you should work for it!!!that is what my husband and I did to put our kids trough collage!
I always wonder how many great minds are wasted due to this. So very sad.
How about working and going to school like most people do
Donald  Trump doesn't even pay his workers after they've done the work and Americans voted for this anti worker scam artist. I am fed up.
How about we stop letting in lazy unprepared snowflakes and fund those who are willing to put in the effort?
Where in this country can the poor NOT get educated? Can they NOT earn scholarships for higher education?
THAT is the Senator worthy of my loyalty! Thank you Sen. Harris.
Not a family's responsibility to pay for higher education. Most parents are already raising their grandchildren the parents couldn't afford.

Because I have a higher salary I have to pay for College but if I quit my job then it would be free
So glad I voted for @SenKamalaHarris! We need #Democrats to get back to working for the people like @SenSanders to fight for #CollegforAll!
If everyone pays the same it would be a fair system. However, a hardworking family shouldn't pay for a lazy bums kids to go to school!
It's not about the admission system! If a kid is admitted he/she shouldn't be worried bc their family can't afford it
dear senator, as your constituent, i believe this is akin to playing the string quartet as the titanic sinks.
Making it possible for millions of people to go to college is 'playing the string quartet'??
i would love to see this. However, when devos and GOP gut public educ what good will this do?
Give progressives an edge during the next election cycle. If Republicans vote down popular bills, it will hopefully make them less popular.
point taken.
So because we allow our super rich to avoid paying taxes, we fall behind in education compared to the rest of the world? Who's winning here?
So are working to earn tuition money, scholarships and grants also denied for some reason?  Why is it the government's job to pay the tab?
how do you earn $30k as a highschool grad without a college education
Work 4 years at mcdonalds and save $7000 per year
Don't FORCE me to pay for things you want this world needs ditch digger's too!
why not?  If you can't afford it why would it be my obligation as a taxpayer to pay for you?
It was free in California before Ronald Reagan showed up.
At 18 you are an adult  and can go to war. If at 18 your former guardians can't give you money, you need to take out a loan or get a job.
Working and paying for your own education is always an option.
Oh no!  We can't ask that from our special snowflakes!  They might melt!
it is the only means of achieving Maslow's self-actualization! We must dare to exit Plato's cave together!
can do something about the tuition charge by UC schools in California?
I'd never support that misogynist bastard for anything.
Bernie is constantly attacking Hillary and the democrats, he's one of reasons why. We have Trump.
Join the Military = free education
#earnit
I did this. Only cause it was my only option. Tying war to poor people's future is lol and no way to go. So no wars? No education? Lame.
Thank you! Now help us push for #MedicareForAll
There are plenty of grants.
There are not plenty comparing to that number of students! When did you study ???
I studied in 2015, I would research grants and write papers to get additional funding. The funds are there.
Not easy to get! Not for all majors!! Not enough of them, esp if they keep cutting the funding for different institutions!
The cream will always rise to the top. If individuals want it, they will make it happen.
Make the 1% pay their fair share of taxes.
BE FAIR TELL THE PEOPLE WHAT IT GOING TO COST THEM IN EXPANSION OF GOVERNMENT.  WHAT WILL IT BE LIKE WORKING GOR THE GOVERNMENT STORE
Why not?
I support this, but what good is free college if impoverished children aren't given the $ resources to get in. #firedevos
We should restore funding to state colleges and universities so those remain affordable. We can do that too, and it would be great.
Sanders can sell his $660k summer home to fund your ideas and reduce his carbon footprint at the same time Bernie needs 3 home's ???
Be sure to sign onto his #MedicareForAll plan too. It's what The People deserve.
Long as your buying and your not forcing me to fund you're dumb ideas, you should be in the 70% tax bracket to fund your great ideas!
People already fund your stupid ideas like, Subsidies for Oil Companies and Wars for Corporate Profit. Least you can do is back us up too.
None you listed are my ideas and I never supported them. I made my own way paid for my college then for the college of my 4 kids
You can join the military,  education is free!
While you are at it, can you please ask Bernie to stop dishing Hillary and the Dems? And what's up with "racists didn't vote for DJT" stuff?
Because demonizing half the voter base is a good strategy?
Between this and the Russia hysteria it's like establishment Dems are playing by a playbook handed to them by DJT
Yep, the Russia hysteria is nonsense generated by establishment Dems that deserve to be ousted for their electoral failures.
Why not?  You're denied a Rolls Royce or a Ferrari if you can't afford it.
Comparing a luxury Ferrari to something like education or healthcare is why no one takes you guys seriously.
And just imagine how much worse it would be if they never got an education. We should all have an equal opportunity to get an education.
Yes
