@Maggyw519  Great! Now go impeach Trump!
the voters gave the majority to the GOP in the  senate and the house they control the agenda #civics
I know that, but Dems had better fight it through. Sick, sick, sick of excuses! Get in there and fight!
I'm sick of people that attack Dems and let GOP who are the entire problem SKATE !!
You make excuses, wring your hands! Oh, we follow the rules! We can't do anything. FIGHT or get out of the way!
im not making excuses I just attended a town hall last night whatcare you doing ?
I'm not the problem, lady. I got a vote and a voice, and I'm using them. Listen: impeach Trump!
Im devastated by this! I called & tweeted & spread the word, and still it passed. We're coming for them, midterm elections!
who the hell does this ridiculous resolution benefit?! Who even thinks this up?
It's like they're having a contest for the cruelest laws. Cruelity for no reason. Evil for the fun of it.
it's sick. The @GOP has shown their true colors
What is it with these creeps and their cruelty?
@Maggyw519 @SenKamalaHarris  Right? From making grandma work for her Medicaid to torturing prisoners, it's so...so...Russian.
What's going on with this now...too late to fight it?
Who would want to do that crap!!?
well they actually passed it so evidently Some SICK bastards whom call themselves "hunters" smh
Thank you!
@yodaquoter Sick  Bill.
Thank you for voting no.
I keep asking myself,what kind of people think this twisted stuff up? Why is this needed?Thank You for a NO vote!
in Islam killing animals for fun/sport is prohibited! You only hunt to eat animals not to play with their dead body!
hunters care about maintaining a healthy population, and culling is a crucial part of achieving that
Thank you for doing the right thing, you are one of the good ones. Wish our Indiana @SenToddYoung was.
I went for a walk in the woods and on the ground six dead pheasants,SHOT thrown in a pile. That's hunting? THANK YOU! #NO
Thank you for voting "no". 
This isn't hunting, it's slaughtering. I'm guessing the NRA was behind the push for this?
go comfort them in their dens, it's a safe space.
Holy Christ! Are they that lazy or that inhuman???
Yes. Cruel. 
this is just cruel and inhumane. What is wrong with us. How is this ok?
cruelty is ten name of the Republicans
Trump and GOP seem to like killing of the defenseless 
Yes they do.
@kamrananwar1973 Thank you 
@StevenReyCristo how about hibernating politicians
And killing with poisons that cause 17 hours of relentless agony
Thank you!
thank you for being one of our strongest  voices in government.  Proud I voted for you.
So since the ban has been lifted, is there a permit to hunt THOSE kinds of Dangerous Animals? The Free-Ranged Rude who do this??
TY Kamala
Thank you for voting no. I just wish it were enough. These sick, sick men and their fragile masculinity.
thank you
Just Can't FIX STUPID....
legitamizing cruelty... Of course @POTUS sons will be 1st in line...when the shooting begins.
You don't know a darn thing about wildlife mg't nor subsistence hunting & farming in Alaska. Are you kidding? Then again, u also Pompeo about his thoughts on global warming during at CIA director interview, too. 
so you oppose population control and the conservation dollars that come from the money raised through hunting permits?
Thank you!
Why didn't you filibuster?
Thank you for standing up for this barbaric attack on wildlife on our public lands.
Thank you so much!
That is horrible :(
ps my uncle, the Sheriff, wants to know if "these cretins" will need special license so they can be id'd, if this passes?
PS if these guys think they going to the Sierras to kill baby bears- they better not let the sun set on them
If you voted yes I would consider that you had joined a Satanic cult. Now, what's your vote on Fracking?
.   Thank you  Senator  Harris.
thank you for caring.
Well thank you for that!! 
@bartnbeka   That's not HUNTING !
No it is not. It's torture. I still haven't heard the back story as to why they even came up with this bill.
DeVos probably will be handing guns to school kids to shoot to kill 'em.
@MelindaThinker I'm appalled that this type of bill was ever put up for a vote. Do these people even have a soul?
I find the cruelty appallng, too.
Thank you very much!!
Thank you! Please stay strong and keep voting NO on these devastating resolutions; we, in Campbell, are supporting you!
thank you!
@TruthEqualsFact what is wrong with repubs??? We have to get rid of them!
Absolutely NO!!! We don't depend upon hunting 2 eat. Our overpopulation is killing wildlife! #ProtectWildlife #NoForHJRes69
Vote NO! this is absurd.
Thank YOU.
Thank you
THiS IS HUNTING FOR ELITISTS WHO DONT KNOW HOW TO CAMP AND TO SCARED TO HUNT ETHICALLY
That certainly is not hunting.  That you for voting no, Senator.
I'm going to look up how @robportman voted. I hope he's on the brave side of this. Ohio isn't fond of cowards.
Thank you for your "no" vote.  Too bad not enough voted this way.
Thank you. Who were the mentally ill freaks who supported this horror?  Did it pass?
Thank you for all your efforts to fight against #HJRes69
Vile and petty. Trump after 60 days.
thank you I am sickened by this
So glad you are my senator!  And I am boycotting the heck out of #Alaska. @alaskatravlnews @alaskatrav @Alaska_TIA
thank you, I hope it does not pass
thank you!
thank you for voting no.
Where's the sport in killing a hibernating bear. Thanks for your vote...
Thank you.
This is horrible. Who are these people? Where is their soul?
Many thanks for your leadership
sick to my stomach that they passed it. Thanks to all those who fought his horrendous bill. bad turning point for humanity
good! I'm proud that you're my rep!
Thank you for voting no. However, it passed. What do we do now?
Thank you, Senator!! 
Thank you for trying.  Another voice against cruelty and disregard of innocent life.
Thank you 
Good for you!
Sadly @senrobportman doesn't care what Ohioans want. He's bought and paid for by the @NRA & Safari Club. A @gop ghoul.
@DemocracyValues Ridiculous this needed a vote to begin with. Let them go in with a fishing knife and blowing an air horn.
I just can't. Hibernating? Why don't you just put them in barrels? WHAT IS WRONG WITH THESE PEOPLE???!!!
Who voted Yes? We'd like to know.
Thank You Senator, I'm so proud I voted for you. Keep up your great work!!
@ggrushko way to go Kamala
Thank you, Senator. Not a direct constituent, but you speak for all of us who care about this planet and country.
Unacceptable and cruel. (Are those white guys really such *bad* hunters?!)
This Fascist @GOP Plan is very similar to its "Just Go DIE" Plan for Americans.
Thank you. There is no reason for this type of cruelty. Breaks my heart.
Thank you for your NO vote, and recognizing a horrific practice now condoned by Congress. @IndivisibleCA10
this is heartbreaking  thank you for your no vote. Please continue to fight for #AnimalWelfare and our environment
@Thor_Sun THANK YOU!
They should pass a bill to save our country by hunting the most dangerous game: poaching cowards. #antiNRA #antipoacher
TY. I don't understand how anyone could want this to pass. Why? For what purpose and who is behind it? It's disgusting.
@fotoeffex omg omg that's monstrous
I fuckin respect dat
did the bill pass? If not who do i call ? Where is PETA in this?
How can anyone think this is ok? I've spent my life rescuing wildlife...
Thank You
Keep fighting !
Thank you very much!
so very, very cruel and sad
Thank you voting no. This makes me sad.
it takes great hunting skills to murder a hibernating bear or wolf cubs
[sarcasm font]
Thank you.
.@SenKamalaHarris thank you!
thank you
thank you for being a voice of reason in this crazy time.
this is why people need to police themselves and have morals. So that ppl like you don't get involved in EVERYTHING
This law sounds great but is it actually enforceable?
thank you for voting no
Thank you!
Was that you in the Senate floor talking To @SenTedCruz during the vote? I watch @cspan @Fleurdelisazure
@Fleurdelisazure sadly, it passed the senate. 51-47 last I saw.
thank you for your thoughtful, humane vote; my dream is hunting ends one day, period. Cruel, an useless
thank you for voting no. I hope education about humane practices can help curb this.
- thank you for your no vote. This bill is appalling and will cause so much suffering. Sickening.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.
Thank you.
thank you for voting no. This is just horrible
gross.
Thank you!
what the hell IS going on that someone would even propose such a bill???? This administration is depressing as hell
What kind of horrible person thinks this is ok? Thank you for voting no.
Thank you for voting no on this.  I can't believe there was even a bill like this drafted.  What the hell?
thank you Kamala!
thank you for voting no.
Thank you!
Good--we need more like you who are not losing their basic humanity.
Why wouldn't everyone want this. Thank you!
Did it pass?
Thank you for voting NO to this horrific inhumanity.
thank you for voting no.
Thank you.
did it pass?
Thank you Sen. Harris!
everyone of you should be voting NO! That is outrageous! Inhumane. Wrong!
Has the media covered this at all? PBS? NPR? MSNBC? CNN? NBC? ABC? Anyone???
Horrible. They only think about killing. What's wrong with those folks? Thank you for voting no.
how can anyone even propose this cruel act? Thanks for voting no.
You've obviously never went into a wolf's or a bear's den with a live predator able to sever limbs...
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris @purplebeetnut
Please tell us who wrote this bill...please.
enough said.  These are the kind of people running our government now
Thank you for protecting wildlife.
thank you, Senator! 
@BarbL219 WTAF
Thank you for voting no. That is a very cruel bill.
My goodness. With those tactics, it's not even a sport!
For god's sake, what is wrong with these people!!
I wish my senator @PatToomey was more like you 
That's just heatless.
Bless you.
Thank you.
Why is this even a thing?? Who the hell considers this their prior in law making? Thank you, Senator.
>Sounds like a plan the brothers Trump would be excited to support..
thank you
@adamarenson Why on earth would this even come up? Is this something the #NRA fought for? Why would this even come up?
this makes me so mad!! I'm loosing hope in humanity :( is there anything else we can do to stop this?
and shoot the eating exotic many with ear notches from major zoos
like private hunting club so called Hunters drive up to exotic animals that come to sound of car as that's how they are fed
Trump will sign. HRC never would. Thanx to all who were too good to vote 4 her. The animals admire your principles I'm sure
- Thank you for voting "no," Kamala. 
Thank you!!
WTF is wrong w GOP not hugged enough, entitled & bored what..
Who the hell would vote yes for this crap.  That's not hunting, it's just cowardly cold blooded bullshit. Psychotic.
grizzly bears go into schools and threaten our kids, Kamala. Good thing we have Betsy DeVos to protect them 
thank you
It must be exhausting to head off this nonsense on so many fronts. Keep fighting - we're behind you every step of the way!
I don't doubt U do good things Sen., now fight that Gosuck with everything you have!
thank you!
thank you so much for your no vote. What a horribly cruel bill
thank you so much, I hope the animals will be protected. This resolution horrifies me and makes me so sad.
what?! The cruelty never stops
Thank you Senator!
I knew I liked you! See another day another good job you did. Keep it up
thank you.....
Thank you! 
omg...they call that hunting...omg..
Why is this world becoming so barbaric?  This makes me so sad!
its the GOP !!!!! Not the world at all !!!
Finally, something I can agree with you on. I'd vote no as well.
That's what cowards do . . .
