Yes, people need access to uncompromised holistic wellness just like they need access to clean water. Resist "market force" Exploitation!
Healthy People need less water than sick people do, Right?
.Being insistent is not the same thing as being informed - you're remarkaly uninformed #idiotspeaks #foolslisten #cowardlylyin'
Approximately 2.6 Billion people of 7.7 Billion on this planet have no sanitation and no access to fresh water, I've seen it - not pretty.
But I really believe DT is a Russian operative, he could at least "Fake" that he does not like Putin, he won't even do that, Fake President
We dont ALL agree and Republicans won the election, elections have consequences
Maybe some space dust might help. You're in outer space. Could you bring us back some if and when you come back to Earth?
Keep up the good work. CANADA IS WITH YOU!!!!!
And you're threatening the hot air!
Hordes of illegal aliens are increasing their carbon footprint every time you look the other way.  The next ice age is a problem not warmth.
Your argument is false, I live on the water, I measure it and analyze it. The Gulf of Mexico is NOT rising.
Don't force your religion on me.
Lying leftists loyal to one party sicken me. #Democrats4Trump2020


Bahhh sheep bahhh
Sheet ice is different than pack ice
Bahhhh
There is a global fresh water crisis developing. It could become a cause of war on certain parts of the globe
We have not built a large infrastructure proj since 60's coz of environmentalist pop has doubled  so Calif water problems not due to Climate
.And I never invited you to this account #ByeBye
Electric car fan here! I was thrilled when Pres. Obama started a green Earth initiative.
Europe is light years away in solar. wind and hydro tech. Also in EV charging infrastructure. Under Trump, we're going backwards.
50%increase in population and no increase in water storage! That's California mismanagement
She doesn't wish to focus on that. Health care & Russia are her narratives.
Just today in my favorite swimming hole in Austin now too polluted with bacteria to be safe for my children to swim in as I did growing up.
Sorry to say the bacteria is probably from anthropogenic sources; a self-inflicted wound so to speak and nothing to do with climate.
Anthropogenic sources are a factor in climate. However, climate is not the cause of bacteria in this man's swimming hole.
Warm  caused by warm climate is much more fertile ground 4 bacteria than cool + draught makes  levels lower & so more stagnant = bacteria
So yes, Climate does affect bacteria. Climate affects literally everything on earth.
Managing climate will not stop the bacteria from getting into the water. Stop the source of bacteria & swim in any water temp.
@EPAScottPruitt protected Oklahomans water & here's what we got...
Penn square mall flooding 
Besides having the UN rep for "climate change" say it was all about controlling capitalism, you wanna tells us about the weather?
What a JOKE! @SCE @PGE #Monopolize #Solar because of @JerryBrownGov http://my.w.tt/UiNb/fXVO8P5nsE 
Not everybody agrees that is a fundamental right.  Flint. The CEO of Nestle.
This pig of a president doesn't care about the environment
keep up the good fight.
Listen everyone, do your homework on climate change, its all a hoax by al gore. Really, looks into it and stop drinking the cool-aid
You have been in the sewer so long you dont know whst clean water is.
But ur hubby held interests in a wide range of companies, including Citigroup and Wells Fargo, Valero Energy and Hess Corp. Monsanto.
You forgot the part about how anyone sane can see the weather is weird.  And before we go all palpatine...to consider your own survival
Nope.  Nestle CEO and others trying to privatize it already and buying up water rights.
That was a mud puddle a few months ago and it has to do with rich people like u over watering your lawn!
8:25pm. #PPV @ShowBeyond Movie: UNNATURAL, just Ended ,Sen.Kamala Harris, now watching @FOX SPORTS @MLB Game @Nationals vs @Cardinals
“damage this misinformation causes to the public understanding about climate change”
Trump doesn't drink water, he drinks orange Cool-Aid.
Did you know Sanders talked alot about that last year? But you went with the candidate that liked fracking. HRC  #DNCFraudLawsuit #sethrich
How about our access to a clean government instead of the filthy bastards we have currently in Sacramento!
If clean water is a right we can nationalize production of desalination / filtration technology.  Put it on the federal credit card, right?
Water yes but our environment is being distorted our where once was h2o is now refined with oil never safe for h2o for ever
You are the best
Buy desalination plants. Next?
Nestle CEO thinks it's ok to charge, not a right
#ClimateChange #Cult used by #Leftists to push an #Energy #Tax on the #poor
It's ignorant liberal CA legislature that threatens clean water!!
True. The fascist left with their interpretation of CWA, NEPA, CEQA, are the true culprits. Never will addl water storage be approved in CA.
CA politicians, refusing to manage critical infrastructure, i.e. Oroville dam, Lake Perris water quality, quagga mussel, are to blame.
Need to reign in me Nestle.  He is a water predator.
Haven't you heard? Only the rich get clean water now.
We need politicians who will refuse to touch big oil money. Too long have Koch brothers bought White House administrations to ignore climate
BUT WE DON'T ALL AGREE that the science is settled on climate change
Build up your reservoir capacity and then we'll talk, hypocrite.
@EPAScottPruitt & @POTUS wants to take the #EPAback2basics, like when the Cuyahoga river was so dirty it literally caught on fire...
You've probably never heard of WOTUS but it could have serious drinking water implications |
Great news California cared enough about our water supply to maintain Oroville lake spillway. Oh.   Right.  Oops.
Typical California will build an $80 billion train that no one wants instead of investing all that money in alternate energy sources
True. A total waste of scarce public resources.
It's the "Chemtrails" and the refusal of most people to not recycle everything that can be recycled that's the problem.
Build the tunnels. The Delta is history. They vote and donate GOP there anyway so fuck 'em. Turn it into a big gator reserve.
Now government can control the climate? Why do these experts always say could, may,might no factual basis what so ever
Can see it now..Trump Water being the only clean water sold by Ivanka in the future.
I actually think that a refusal to act -- and our so called EPA director's roll back of regulations -- constitute crimes against humanity.
More than refusing to act. Republicans are stripping away clean water protections.
Mt. Saint Helens when it erupted put out more pollutants then humans ever have. Kamala your nothing...
amen to that.....Keep up the good fight....Godbless you for all that you do.....
I agree clean water is something the government should protect, but don't see how it's a right, much less a fundamental one.
Please stop trump enough is enough
The ppl sending tweets don't give a shit of our natural treasures that needs to be there for ppl to see. High economy and jobs.
And with the EPA in the back pocket of a crazy, old man science-denier, seems there's no chance of the situation getting better. SAD!
We all know who is behind this push...
Speaking of access to water, how about some more storage? This states' population has doubled in last 40 years, yet haven't added storage
Our ability to act independently of an uncaring president is highlighted by real leaders like you Senator Harris.Thank you. @Michael36776349

I'm am all for you 2020. I'm a lost democrat in ND. Everything you say I agree with. The only diff is you're tanner...
What is done today will affect future generations ~ Let's do what is right. Thank you Kamala Harris 2020 
Stop it
Who agrees that's a fundamental right? What happened in Flint was a health and safety disaster, but I didn't hear 'rights' come up.
25 years ago my husband told me that oil wouldn't be the commodity of the future, it would be water. Seems he could be right!
Even if you got your way on Clean Energy Act & Paris Climate Accord, it would do nothing your constituents' water. No shame in your game.
The Paris accord wanted 1.5 Trillion a year from the United States of America.
Access to healthcare is also a fundamental right. Support single payer.
Oh hell to the NO
Never about climate change 
About the FLEECING OF THE TAX PAYERS
Yeah, it's not GOP & Wall Street with millions to lose by accepting science who are liars ... it's scientists! God, the RW are simpletons!
Lol so sad

Wake up in 8 years
According 2 gop 0 is a right but we all must let the privileged have it all By the time these feckers r done they'll b nothing left 2 defend
Then all wars will be to defend the 1% while we toil in the trenches for nothing
Electing Republicans not very good for clean water either.  Look at Flint MI.
BAHAHAHA you should watch the real news Trump administration just gave Flint a shit load of money to fix the problems. Obummer did nothing.
Live in Florida ... boating in the Gulf.  Water temp equals bathwater.
I live on the Gulf water temperature today 89, one degree less than in 2004. Climate change winter to spring to summer to winter.
Are water is fine in bama
#Flint PPL:  it is??? 



Bahhh bahhh sheep
