General Kelly has more integrity in a chewed off pinky nail that "Kamala" has ever wished to have. 
#ViolentLiberals #LiberalLogic
That is why he has non-answer answers...integrity.
Adorable.
So is your "use of quotation marks" to hide your "racism."
Omg. Kelly is an incompetent boob.
Thanks Senator Harris. America is watching you and millions applaud you. You are amazing!
And that's what doublespeak sounds like
https://twitter.com/funder/status/872442907269226496 … @SenatorBurr going down
For Today's Hearing: Don't forget Senator Burr is a traitor who has investments in oil equipment company that does extensive biz with Russia 
Grilled = disruptive, interruptive and contentious? Not a State AG...maybe Socratic, cooperative, mutual respect with dose of Sun Tzu?
If @KamalaHarris we're a man, Secretary Kelly would never have spoken to her that way.
REALLY was he "GRILLED"?
Show some fucking respect!
Keep at it K. Harris! You're doing a great job asking tough questions and holding them responsible for the clarity of their answers.
keep it up
Proud to be from EASILY the most beautiful state in our GREAT nation. And proud to call @KamalaHarris my senator. No fear in her. #Empowered
Proud to call @SenWarren mine! These women have more balls than any of the Putin-whipped, spineless crooks in this GOP Administration. 

They should remove the "Hon."prior to his name on plate.
He's a dick. He told Trump he should use a knife on reporters.
Yeah she did, but she never got an answer, because she wouldn't let him answer
It's obvious he doesn't like a woman grilling him. Wonder if he's that contentious when a male senator interrupts him. Go, Kamala! You rock!
CA loves our newest Senator.  Thanks @SenKamalaHarris  for not letting DHS get away with extortion by withholding funding from CA.
GO HARRIS!!!! Pound him into a corner. FORCE THE TRUTH.
You made Sen Harris point..you don't do anything..kelly. lololol
Let him finish! Your questions  shouldn't be longer than the answers! Information isn't found in a simple yes or no! 
Why is she retweeting her own tweet.
He does not take too well to the oversight function of the US Congress as prescribed in the Constitution. He threatens ppl daily.
He & tRUMP definitely cut from the same rotten cloth.
Here's my take.  If California wants Sanctuary Cities.  Homeland should cut off all funding PERIOD. If you protect the terrorists, why worry
Nothing honorable about his baked response.  The point is that local and fed law is at odds.  How would you have officials reconcile this?
"I'm asking the questions." LOL Good for her.
Arriba,Kamala.Glad u r my senator♤
We muy detain and deport all illegals back to their country. Human or not human way possible if needed
Sleazy sexist men who are bad at their job.
Like she don't want to hear the full bullshit, 6 words is enough 
OY!!
un-FN-believable
..let the record show that he was non-responsive to the question.
dammmmn she is so hot
Another low life condescending dumbo She took rude classes. Love you Gen Kelly -thanks for all you have given
Kamala Harris you need to be impeached the American people love our president he's doing a great job Support him or you will be impeached
He is a bully and a thug!!
You were RUDE! You didn't WANT him to answer. You just wanted to do all the talking. You're an obstructionist. Period. LET PEOPLE ANSWER!!!
not much there-sorry
This administration is garbage.

Kamala 2020!
Go. GO KAMALA!!
Your ing was simply obstructionism. Bottom line - sanct cities BREAK LAWSuch cities don't fight terrorism w/  but 4 wasted legal fees 
Get him Senator.
@SenKamalaHarris You do understand that you represent American citizens, yes? B4 u embarrass yourself on nat'l stage, try & remember that
D-Day
Quit defending people in this country in violation of our immigration laws.  You were elected by American citizens, you violate their trust
You behaved in a rude and arrogant manner while questioning Sec Kelly. The only person you made look small was yourself.
OH MY GOD!!!!!! SENATOR PLEASE WATCH YOUR BACK!
Badass!
Combat veteran, who lost his son. Showed no respect for him whatsoever. You are a joke, Kamala. Surprised u didn't bring up climate change.
Very disrespectful & rude to him.
I really thought you were great. Kelly is a belly crawler, good to hold him to answers. Yay!
Kamala work with @POTUS.  End vile sanctuary cities & be part of America's future and economic rebirth.  Stop obstructing our govt!
damn...she got grace!!..he's a thug.
She is the thug
Thanks @KamalaHarris  @repjohnlewis  @CoryBooker  @MMFlint  @washingtonpost  @JerryBrownGov  @SXMPolitics  @nytimes  We apreciate your work!
Thank you. Great work for America n the global issues we all face. We are are grateful of your efforts #RESIST @IndivisibleTeam
Whatever reputation he had is trashed. He should have come with his answer on a loop.
He parrots back the same line over and over like a record with a scratch...
So does @BetsyDeVosED ... #RESIST 
Wow, Senator Kamela is impressive! Wish we had 100 with balls just like her!
Careful Ms. Harris, the EYES are upon you. This is another reason why NOT to have military head up civilian depts. Might get confused w/SS.
Democrats and liberal's are so brainwashed they will protest anything anti American socialist. Your party is dead get a job at McDonald's

pure covfefe
