They have every right to work for a better employer. Forcing companies to do something with only hurt employment numbers.
Would* only hurt employment numbers. Gov. is notorious for just making things worse when start interfering with competition.
Just ask Venezuela
Venezuela is such an exteme example... Europe is doing prefectly fine with family leave.
That might be, but it's the root philosophy that causes the demise of Nations.
2/. Bad work conditions were. Rarely has there been a period where more free laize-fair made ppl more cautious.
Well monopolies are against the wall and I disagree I think that that suffering motivated change and brought us to where we are today
Law*
Lady Kamala, The Ruthless, of the House HarrisI work w/ a girl that had her baby&was back to work in less than 5days #OutOfNecessity
Typical corporatist hollow platitudes! They didn't support it in 2016 they don't support it now! Nt #15Now #freecollege #childcare #preK
RW-Texas politics got to you.
Nope on the contrary made me more aware of corrupt and fraudulent both establishment @DNC and @GOP are!
yes please President, I mean Senator 
I'm fine with Sanctuary cities as well
My mom is in my living room in a hospice bed. If not for paid leave a stranger would be sitting with her and caring for her rather than me.
You are a wonderful person, Paiyslee. Your mother is fortunate to have a daughter like you and she must be proud (I know I am!).
Thank you so much
Lol don't make me laugh like you would ever dare go against your donors and vote for a paid family leave bill.
You have your Bernie shades on
No going by Harris' record. She will take the donors side everytime.
If the record is what you're looking at, Bernie's is really, really RW. Is that who you are?
New Yorkers have.

Please don't let yourself become Hillary 2.0. We don't have time to waste on corporate shenanigans.
What % of the 14% work for the government?
No we don't
This is why you have to run for President
Yes! Thank you 
But, but, but... Ivanka!
We need affordable housing in CA too. In my town, we are making affordable housing for docs & nurses cause to expensive to relocate.
Hanging by a thread here, for you to tell us what needs fixing next. I also can't wait for the next tax increase to pay for this free stuff.
I'm lucky enough to be one of those people. God bless my employer.
Now we need jobs , not loafers
So whats your plan?  None, im guessing. Its great to outline problems, thats easy. Solutions Kami, solutions
@IvankaTrump is working hard on this!!
Human rights art 23 UDHR= equal pay for equal work
Isn't Ivanka championing women's issues and family issues? Where are you Ivanka?
I can't wait to vote for you for PRESIDENT!
Ok, not every employee has vacation time, an IRA, life insurance, a stock plan, a company car, an expense account. Let fix those too!
Great idea! Now get to work on the many low wage workers who don't get sick time.
Who pays for it? 
Forcing the businesses to raise prices.
No wonder the DEMS lose every election. 
Shame. 
Spending money you don't have.
My family suffers greatly due to this, in fla, FMLA, does absolutely nothing for caregivers.
Businesses use every excuse available to keep employees under 40 hrs to part-time w/no benefits. THAT definitely needs fixed.
If not in 2020, one day you will be president.
What you need to do is break up the big monopoly powers you allowed to grow for 30 yrs- so the people have a fighting chance. You won't.
1. Contribute to concentration of monopolies/ corporate power. 2. Pretend to commiserate with the people being screwed by it. 3. 'Win'.
Maybe if Dems hadn't destroyed anti-trust to the point that corporations are more powerful than gov is, we could have paid family leave now
How?....where does the money come from? Not from taxes.
Only in America.  Seriously besides paid leave, how does a person function on 1/2 weeks  paid vaca a yr? We need to do better.
While I agree with the concept, far too many of that 14% abuse the shit out of that leave.  We need to fix that first.  #Slackers
What a joke! Nice platitudes none were supported by @DNC nt #15Now #freecollege #Medicare4All #childcare #pre-K Just hollow words!
Bernie had no chance in hell in passing anything he wanted. Look what happened with ACA being passed. Hillary also had plenty of nordic idea
No BS.
Unbelievable! Shameful. Fix it please!
I'm sure it'll get done. Isn't Ivanka working on that???
I am a public school teacher. I did not get any paid family leave when I gave birth to my children. 
Let's do that!
Why should I pay for other Americans children?
Paid family leave assumes you have a job...need to work on economy and jobs first.  Stop attacking employers.
Now that's a damn shame....that number should be at least 74%..,For God's sake it is 2017
What do you think about the high unemployment rate 4 African American males? Does immigration effect black males employment rate?
In all seriousness,  no.  Just like it doesn't really steal white jobs.
Does 45 get paid leave? I'd pay him to leave.
Experiencing now I have to have surgery on August 28th and I'm the only person that works on my house my wife takes care of autistic son
Family leave is not a right spelled out in constitution. Remember limited powers.
I think the government should give us homes like yours. Also free everything. I'll vote for you if your can make that happen
Mandatory in the #UK: 28 days paid leave (not including paid leave for National Holidays and Christmas) - mainland
I care 4my father w/Parkinson's. I've already used all my vacation & sick leave so far this year. I just applied 4 FMLA but that's unpaid.
Outrageous in our modern times.
Do you think that use of prison labor by corporations depress wages and increase unemployment among non-incarcerated American citizens?
Senator #kamalaharris2020  for President!
Sure as long as those employees know they will have to take a pay cut.  Employers don't run a charity
Did you know thatcorporations use prison labor for pennies to make a profit? Black males make up the major of prisoners? #UnderpaidStay
I haven't had a raise in 4 years..
I agree we need to work it down to under 2%
How about healthcare insurance for small businesses?..I have none.
Can u help?
any more entitlements you have in mind?
Trump is a Disaster For Working Class American s but people on Wallstreet certain group s Are Using the Money to attack Trump @DavidCornDC
People who work jobs that don't provide PFL also pay taxes, so yes, she is representing constituents who pay taxes.
Worse than in most so-called 2nd world countries. What a shame. Wouldnt that be something to make America great?
So it seems you are quite the socialist EVERYTHING IS FREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Yes! If I didn't have it. I would have been up the creek without a paddle. I'll stay tuned.
Yes! NYC teachers, 75% women, don't get paid leave, have to use sick days. Richest country on Earth can do better. #publicschoolproud
Here's a neat statistic. While US exports of farm equipment have declined 14% Arms exports have risen 43% Hmmm
It's not
YES; in  secs ago again your tweet (notification)  Sen.Kamala Harris,   Agreed Right Now, ,TRUTH
August recess for U.S. Senate will begin after today, Retuning Sept. 5th
Look to Canada. We do that fairly well.
Than pass trumps plan stupid
Exactly!!  We trust that you'll use your sharp attorney skills to draft legislation to improve the % of Americans w paid family leave!

Mrs Harris is 1 of a kind. Beat the odds & still standing strong. KUDOS!  14% & he wants 2 take away more from struggling familues
Okay Senator, get on that then. You have the power to do something about it so do it.
#ImpeachTrump
Yes, the government should mandate it for every employer. Or you can just stay out of it!
One way to fix that, is to join a union and negotiate PFL into a collective bargaining agreement
Too bad that's going to be a lot harder now, not that it was ever particularly easy to begin with.
You going to start a tax for this too. You know nothing about work. I am tired of being taxed by fools like you.
We need you, Senator! We need you real bad.
The never ending cycle. Employers whine that they can't afford it. Employees remain stuck in the mud. Something's gotta give.
They would be mainly management.
Yes we really do. So many families impacted in the most negative ways. Forced to make dreadful choices.
Who pays for the family leave? The employers or government?
Houston is ready for your run for President Madame Harris
We need you to fix this mess.
