If people were honest this would be the first tweet ever with a 100% retweet rate.
All three.  
No insurance Co would insure my kid without #ACA . #autism & chronic bacterial infections. TX is a long process. Loss of ins may kill him.
2 out of 3
@RyanGosling vows 2 #KeepThePromise 2 help support @hrw in #DRCongo 

https://twitter.com/Saphnatpanea/status/860760711647051776 … https://twitter.com/Saphnatpanea/status/860763128518377472 …
Thank you for being a breath of fresh air during this sickening time! #voteno #KILLTHEBILL
Remember United We Stand, all people denied coverage, unite and start class action suit for discrimination, all groups must be treated same.

That covers just about everybody
If you had the courage to endorse @SenSanders during the Dem Primary this wouldn't be happening ! #HillarySuperdelegate 
#FeelTheBern 
my  family member insurance  was taken  away with Obama care  so no on ur #voteno
Have a significant pre-existing condition (lung cancer). Scared to death.
Please fight with EVERY SINGLE tool that is available to the Senate 

Caleb age 2 Mastocytosis 
#PreexistingCondition
Reply if your Senator is clueless
My understanding is that being a woman is now considered a pre-existing condition?
Yeah, being able to produce future generations of Americans is a horrible condition to have 
Shame isn't it 
Seriously 
If I voted for something when I didn't know what it would cost or who it would effect I wouldn't stay in office for long! 
I suffer from major depression and anxiety. Already had no health care and now have fewer options to get it. Only exacerbates my condition.
Not happening
@SALMO3T Uh..Let's talk first about the "You can keep your plan" bullshit that Obama spewed out of his lieing mouth!
My pre-existing  conditions : humanity, mortality,  inevitable sickness and death. This is ALL of us. Thinking otherwise is grand delusion
MY CHILD and I have pre existing conditions. These fools wouldn't survive a day if they walked in my shoes!
You do realize the ACHA covers people with pre-existing conditions? You are a Senator, you should know this.
These preexisting conditions collected at the truth march.
Fortunately I'm on Medicare with supplemental and live in MA, so not worried about losing insurance, but I fear for our kids and their kids.
It's a sad day for America Senator Harris.  Thank you for caring!
I am on Medicare Advantage so is my son for disabilities Medicare already doesn't cover inpatient care for mental health or addiction
Loved one has cancer that requires expensive treatment to maintain remission. Lifetime and annual caps would kill him after bankrupting us.
Not yet, but they will if bill is passed.
What about if you just want your own insurance rates to go DOWN after ACA caused it to skyrocket?
Thank you for keeping up the momentum!
https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/mar/06/ignore-congo-atrocities-africa-drc-horror?CMP=share_btn_tw …
@FirstLadyJakes  @LateNightSeth @Oprah https://twitter.com/Saphnatpanea/status/859592411974168576 …
https://twitter.com/Saphnatpanea/status/860760711647051776 …

What is happening in Congo is a silent holocaust'  
 
https://twitter.com/STANDWITHCONGO/status/855537506959343616 …
https://twitter.com/Saphnatpanea/status/861350678328946689 …
@Lloyd_YG
Don't be fooled,TrumpCare#2 will gut insurance policies leaving us without care when we desperately need it. #SayNo #FixtheACA
Thank you for speaking out against Trumpcare.
How about you get your own health care. Health care is not a right
Straw man argument. WSJ said only 70K denied coverage prior to Obamacare for Pre-Existing in a country of 325 million.
Yeah, it's "only 70k", unless you, or your child or loved one with illness is one of them. This affects real people.
GOP plan allows for those 70K to join associations so Pre-Exist is not an issue. Lets lower the price of insurance for the other 325 million
Where's evidence this new plan will lower costs for others? And if so great, why'd GOP exclude themselves so they keep Obamacare?
competiton across state lines and legalizing low cost insurance. Let the consumer pick his own ins and coverage not Kamala Harris & Big govt
Cross-state lowering costs is only a theory. Where's CBO score on this latest crap put out by GOP, which they've excluded themselves from?
Competition is not a theory, if you get choices prices go down. Look at the cell phone companies.  CBO was way off on cost of Obamacare
I don't put faith in health ins. business' to keep my disabled child's best interests, sorry. Without pre-existing clause, I don't trust it.
vauo 
Lol people lost their insurance and doctors under Obamacare. 1 million in CA alone.
Or hell, if you can keep it but now will have NO way to pay for it. :(
@SpeakerRyan THIS is how that RT thing should work vs your crappy 638 RT for how good this plan is. thank you @SenKamalaHarris  ! #VoteNo
LIAR!!!!!!
Retweet if you understand what death spiral means!
Study of Maine provisions (basis for some of GOP plan) says it reaches death spiral in 3 years.
3 more than Obamacare.
Did you tweet this before the original ACA was voted on? My parents lost their insurance thanks to @BarackObama
I don't.
I do.
This is what they voted for, so I don't really care if their insurance disappears and I get a tax break.
They who? I didnt vote for this disaster and if I lose my insurance I might die.
@bbhkf78 my wife and myself have preexisting  conditions. We vote No.
I'm arthritic, a widow, full time mother to autistic teen, and my parents are both cancer survivors and Vietnam veterans in their 70s.
I've crashed into 6 different cars since the beginning of the year and my auto insurance is going up because I'm a "liability" -- MADNESS!
My left kidney stopped working and it was causing me to be septic. If not for ACA I would have died...
I guess I'm not retweeting this then. lol
Thank you for standing with us.
so afraid for my little girl
Obesity is on the list so I assume that this means that Trump will be denied healthcare??? And by pre-existing condition, how far can they..
Not sure whether I know ANY people who don't have (or love someone with) a pre-existing condition.
The good news is that the new GOP bill guarantees we all will have coverage for preexisting conditions!
I'll love having to pay more money that I don't have because I'm a type 1 diabetic. I'll pay more into the pool for something I can't cntrl
YES!  Sen. Kamala HARRIS of California; RETWEET: I will positively vote NO!  Tel # Washington,D.C.
I'm 56 with osteoporosis and fibromyalgia. Two kids with scoliosis. Two with mental health issues. We're in deep trouble.
Thank you for your conscience.  Thankful you are my senator. That's why you got my vote.
@DangerousHedges 
Migraine headaches for me...
...pre-ACA, a blue cross rep told my daughter to marry someone who works for a big Corp to get insurance
What insurance? With skyrocketing prices I can't afford it. Good thing I work full time for no coverage.
I do.
I voted for you, Kamala. I trust you will protect your constituents.
@mariahlynea 
Can I speak w u about #endometriosis? #pleasesayyes
Not sure I can help. What's up?
I would like to meet Senator Kamala Harris to discuss #endometriosisawareness 
She needs to know about it.
The Republicans just sentenced my son to death. God will not look favorably upon them.
I have asthma but if I smoke marijuana on a regular basses I don't have attacks. so there is one bright side.
marijuana can do a lot but it can't make up for stupid presidents.
Yeah we know, obama showed that to us
How about the pain of having $30k in credit card debt due to helping cover costs of treatment for my ex's pre-existing condition 10yrs ago
This is about TAX CUTS for the MULTI MILLIONAIRES not just Health Insurance
Exactly #FollowTheMoney #GOPShame #HouseCleanin2018 #VoteThemOut #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #TrumpRussia #UnhackTheVote #MarchForTruth #TrumpRussia
Considering being female is a preexisting condition? I think we all know one or two women...
I have friends and fam with preexisting conditions. They deserve our protection ! This country lift the needy not abandons them #VoteNoAHCA
Might want to read it, pre existing does not get taken away. It can't fund itself as structured. #readit
they should have to live by the laws they pass oo wait they put a clause in to protect themselves and screw us
Middle class people can afford the affordable care act. It's only good for the rich and poor. The Republican plan stinks, too.
@heathercorinna life is a preexisting medical condition.
Have preexisting condition 
 someone w/preexisting condition
Know people who are unemployed or own their business & CANT AFFORD Obamacare?
If such a policy were even floated in the U.K, there would be uproar! The health of your citizens should not be a political football!!!
How about this? Under the bill that just passed, ovarian cancer is considered a pre-existing condition but testicular cancer is not!
I appreciate you spreading the msg. I'm directly affected by this.  Thank you.  Retweeted. #voteNO #America
This bill basically shovels money back to the insurers, and corners local politicos into making life or death choices for their citizenry.
@SenateGOP Vote NO!!! You're health and your fellow Americans health are at risk if you vote yes. PLEASE VOTE NO
Just move to a developed country with functional healthcare
I retweet for all three reasons
we are ALLLLLLLL BORN with pre existing condition. IT IS genetics! IT IS SCIENCE!!!
Don't we all know someone?  Sigh...
@realDonaldTrump what existing ailments will be covered?
I love my insurance! Obtained through my hubby's employer! Don't want Govt run insurance! Repeal but don't replace!
I was BORN with asthma & debilitating allergies requiring immunotherapy 2x/mo to keep me alive. That's $78k/yr. #AHCA saved me. #Obamacare
Well now you won't have any coverage for those things. Cheers!
Retweet if you misstates facts because you want socialism and hope to get people to agree with you.
America had a pre-existing condition but Trump cured it!
Apparently having a vagina is a preexisting condition? soooo...yeah.
Vote No.. but start working for Single Payer. endorse SB562 (CA resident)
We should all be afraid.
CNN isn't reporting all the people losing coverage because Obamacare failing.
@realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan: You are new. Hunker down & do homework. Stop being Dem parrot. Show some guts. Earn trust.
Too late for this self employed small businessman who will die if this passes. My own government just voted to kill me!
Do you think this Healthcare bill will affect climate change?
Am a 3 year cancer survivor with excellent prognosis. 50 yr old. Father. Health ins vs college fund. Vs retirement. SMH
Couldn't the Dems just vote it back in when they get the majority?
I'm working abroad and wondering what my insurance rates would be like when I return home to live in the US
Not only do I have a pre-existing condition, I need surgery in the next few months. I am over 50, too. Please fight for all of us!
Does @elmo count?
So glad you're my senator. So what can I do to help sway other senators who don't rep my state???
Asthma and arthritis
Actually I do! And these ppl work, pay for their insurance, they aren't afraid and they VOTED FOR @POTUS MAGA
I have a pre-existing condition!!!
How about I am working my ass off because of Obamacare because my husband is self employed and we cannot afford Obamacare. Stop the bullshit
#voteno
Basically everyone.
Eventual all will have a pre existing condition as early as 30s and chances increase every-year. This impacts EVERYONE at the worse time!
What can the Senate do to stop this madness?
PC is a laywers catch phrase and what we the peoploe r not politically correct... ! go back to Moonbeam @JerryBrownGov  your 2 bit boss.../
It is not your job to use my tax money to fund someone else's health care.
3 immediate family members with autoimmune diseases
Under this bill, having a vagina is a pre-existing condition.
¡Qué injusticia!
Retweets dont count as doing your job #demflight
#voteno
FTFY: Retweet if you:
-Chose not to purchase insurance before getting sick
-Expect others to pay for your mistake
-Still don't want to pay
Literally none of these relate to voting no today. But as per usual: 'Lie and mislead' is the lib watchword.
The only way this thing is going to be stopped is if you convince liberty minded Senators that the bill isn't free market enough.
We all eventually will fall to this category. It's only matter of time. Time and condition may not be to kind to you.
I think everyone can answer yes to the second question.
Obama care saved my life. Two heart attacks and Type2 diabetes. Sad for the children.
@SPalermoNH I'm pretty sure being a woman is a pre existing condition so I'm going go ahead and put myself in the column
THANK YOU Senator for having your constituents lives in mind. I know this is your first year on the hill and your presence is overshadowed..
..(2) by the seasoned ones I pray that your freshness has some influence on a few of them Republicans!!
Do we get a vote??
my insurance for my pre-existing condition was taken away mutliple times under the ACA
I am sorry to hear that. Its existence is a vast improvement over pre-ACA. Single payer would be preferable but focus on the present battle.
not in CA where it was covered by the state and then i forced on to exchanges under ACA
I'm sorry to hear about that, but I don't believe that necessarily means undoing it is the right option, especially not by this bunch.
A case can likely be made for literally everyone in the country having a pre-existing condition.
Does having @realDonaldTrump as our president count as a pre-existing condition?
#ShameOnHouseGOP
What about how medicaid changes will impact special needs kids, creating conflicts in federal requirements/laws re FAPE? Needs attention.
I think that is all 300+ million of us.
Terrifying the vulnerable by ravaging the ACA #TrumpRyanFakeCare
https://twitter.com/papuzzo200/status/860282312059219968 …
Total 100% liberal bullshit!
You own a business & ur tweeting this? #boycott
Is being alive a pre-existing condition? If so, then I have it
No to both.  If hyperbole were an olympic sport!
All women are now considered a pre existing condition.
Or are a Vet.
Just got taken away..and they rejoice
it's sad how many liberals don't understand how the free market works... Once we end government regulations to increase
Thank you for caring. My daughter has it and we're both extremely frightened and discouraged.
As a trans disabled person, I can't imagine the lack of empathy and caring in this admin.  Who raised these people??
Let's abolish Insurance Companies. Healthcare should be put into our Medicare System. All people covered period. Single payer. No exception
A friend of mine had a baby in Oct. and learned she had metastatic cancer Jan. She's covered by the ACA but if it goes away... what then?
When my mom was pregnant with me I was considered a preexisting condition by N.Y. state. And no insurance company would take my parents.
Wrong, the grown ups fixed the problem. President Trump promised to repeal and replace!! #LovemyPresident @POTUS
You need a fourth option. Add: retweet if you give a f%*k about this country and ALL the people in it!!
Rheumatoid arthritis
why would my insurance be taken away?
Because you can't afford it?
That's a difference from being taken away. But this isn't good. Screwed what it could've been, now getting rid of it. Boo.
I'm fearing I'm going to lose my wife's and mine because it went up 8K a year due to ObamaCare. It works both ways.It needs to be fixed
#IAmAPreexistingCondition #Transwomen I am so terrified
@BigMommaFinch2 Under this plan my wife would have been cut off her insurance when she got cancer. No more being nice Dems
I want to RT 3 x, as all 3 are true.
or if you are capable of caring about anyone other than your family members.
Breast Cancer. Ovarian Cancer - PEC
I love Marina w/Breast to Bone Cancer 16yrs fighting. 
Fear for her is not the word. Terrified.
A beautiful little boy who most likely wouldn't be alive without UC Davis hospital immediately after birth and months after. Million $ smile
Retweet if you're another neoliberal DemoCRAP who only cares about getting more big  from your donors
Two autoimmune diseases.  Currently taking an expensive biologic infusion drug which my ins. co. is already not happy about.
I believe every'body' has a #PreexistingCondition #VoteNo
I'm a Veteran.
Served 22 yrs.
Deployed &got sick yrs later.
I hv multiple pre-existing conditions.
Good to know @GOP thinks I'm expendable.
And most importantly, Retweet if you:

-Have no idea how insurance works.
If you get your health insurance through your employer, there are no preexisting condition exclusions. Now they can afford to provide it.
This bill allows them to remove the out of pocket maximums on employer policies and to reduce coverage--no more essential health benefits.
Not true
@AkilahObviously scared to death!
#VoteNo
@Shareblue we all do. Retweets won't get this done I'm afraid. Every senator against must convert one that is for.
I AM A WARRIOR WITH FAITH I WILL FIGHT ALWAYS! BUT NEED MY INSURANCE!!! HAVE TO HAVE IT!!!!!! SMH THESE EVIL MINIONS R SHWING WHO THEY R!
Pre-existing condition
The states that have the most ppl with preexisting conditions are 
RED states.MY & others fear is he will touch Social Security next.
Beyond grateful and heartened by @SenKamalaHarris
Retweet if you:
 
-Have a preexisting condition
-Love someone with a preexisting condition…
I have a pre-existing condition. My girlfriend has a pre-existing condition. My mom has a pre-existing condition.
@sharonreader even scarier the ins cos are gonna declare everything a preexisting cond. like if you have pneumonia 2x.
and even if they lose they'll stall and stall and docs will drop the company. And who doesn't have preexist?
I have diabetis and am a cancer survivor who after 7 yrs still need cancer medicine and check ups
I can't even afford it in the first place.. :/
Had cancer age 16- went 20 years w/ no ins., lived in fear of getting cancer again. HRepubs are despicable.
All of the above, and I bet I'm not at all unusual in that regard. Thank you for all you're doing to protect Americans. #VoteNo

Having a uterus is now a preexisting condition in this country.
Pre existing conditions r in the bill and u know it. Quit lying to the people. Shame on u! The state's can wave it but shouldn't!
Shame on YOU for supporting a maniac. I feel sorry for you! Do you have insurance? Bc if you don't, get ready for a rude awakening.
Sure do and I have pre existing conditions so I know I will be covered! Gets your facts straight!
Then you have group insurance bc trump's isn't in effect yet, ignorant.
thank you
@AmyforStPete I have a preexisting condition, I'm a sex offdr, Brettany Hamlin, fl, I have hiv from prison n I'm a fake 911
#nazi 
You forgot to ask -Currently paying outrageous premiums w/ a ridiculous deductible #fearmongering #ACAisNOTworking #MAGA
Nope. That is an issue, but the real issue is much larger than even that.
No question. Need to have adult conversations. Gov't can't be everything to everyone. Not enough of other peoples money!
