Puhleeze! You are part of the hate-filled anti anything not LEFT,  bag of corrupt hacks plaguing this nation. Nice try, though.
@MariaArtisan
Defending someone as corrupt as she is (more than likely having no clue of her history and corruption) is pathetic. So...
I have a hard time taking ppl w Deplorable in their name serious. ur argument is invalidated by your stupidity to call yourself deplorable
You obviously do not understand irony (read my profile) .  Not a surprise. But thank you for checking in.
now you're blocked, based on your ignorance....
People serving America died, Maria. This is inappropriate in this situation. Save your vitriol for another time. Imagine your relative died.
It is always an appropriate time to call a fraud out. My family have served and have died for love of country. I don't need to imagine.
I'm glad to see some of our government officials actually care about these lost soldiers
(SAD! our "potus" can't be bothered)
It seems like everyone else, even @SenateDems and @HouseDemocrats, have to wait for Trump to make a comment.
Trump made a comment yesterday
None since finding out that the sailors were found deceased.
So what you're saying is, you can pray for someone who's dead but not for the living. That makes no sense
No. What they're saying, he should of had a  tweet acknowledging Sailors' death & prayers for greiving families. Must be too PC for tRump.
And if he tweets something out like that in the next 10 seconds, you'll say he was too late. #Pathetic LOL
How long does the fucking PRESIDENT "need" to tweet/say/call condolences to LOST AMERICAN MILITARY LIVES? How long Mr IThinkIAmASmartAss?
Mines are too.
@realDonaldTrump will tweet his take on that incident after he completes his 18th hole.
Too bad our President was busy tweeting about his own alleged popularity and had no words for these fallen service members.
Just a few days ago we were dealing with this...
Hello

Any chance you can send this statement over to Trump and his incompetent staff?
Thank you Sen Harris <3  #ProudNavyMom
Please run in 2020..Ms Harris.?
Kamela Harris for PRESIDENT  2020.
In memoriam for the seven sailors we lost who were serving our country.
That's no accident Retard its Manslaughter
Who ever was driving the Navy ship is going to Jail
I agree prayers to the 7 sailers that died,and that was hurt.Just one thing   Where did the 21 million go that they spent remodeling ship
Lead on Senator! The world sure needs you, given the current leadership vacuum. Peace from Canada 
I'm amazed at this tweet. In reality you hate our military and everything it and America stands for.
That must have been horrible. What a terrible way to die. How does this happen in this day and age?
Thank you for acknowledging their loss. Still no comment from the White House #militarymom
No matter the negative attitude, you spoke from a heart full of love. It's time to rise beyond past & mourn with those that are morning thx
Yes; may they find comfort and peace one day, as well as closure.
Heartbreaking . Sailors rest your oars.
Ditto pres Harris!
@USNavy

#Father's lost Son,
Sons, Daughters lost #Father

Having lost my #Father,
you may feel alone - you're not.
#BREAKING: Statement from Acting Secretary of the Navy Sean Stackley on #USSFitzgerald - https://go.usa.gov/xNdMh  #HonorTheFallen 
That's it!! I don't care what you think Senator Harris, you are now the new POTUS
Me too. Those 7 men trapped in their berths died tragically and needlessly. When is someone going to ask how this happened?
Prayers ALSO for the Muslim community at #FinsburyPark and in Virginia. STOP the #Islamaphobia . #StoptheH8
It starts with the Islamophobic Muslim Ban President that still wants his dangerous racist ban.
Good job on doing Trumps job no tweet abt the soldiers just craziness out of his psycho mouth help him he needs its new job Therapist
Trump has yet to mention the 7 sailors who died yesterday but he has tweeted congrats to himself for MAGA.
AMEN!
You are the best Kamala!
Thank you for doing something that the leader of our country should have done. #KamalaForPresident
@michellegallow2 from Illinois 6th, just love you Kamala
Indeed.
Thank you senator.
Finally something you say that isn't full of hate.
And why hasn't Trump honored these men?  
Has Trump even mentioned it yet??
Praying for the sailors families. Time to take a close look  at what r mission is for r military abroad
Dear trump...this is how a leader responses to a horrible loss of life. TAKE NOTE!!
Love you
Trump hates people who let themselves get killed when they are being paid to work. (or something like that)
By our 100 steps ahead of the 'predisent'
Now THIS is Presidential!
How about a @SenWarren /@SenKamalaHarris ticket in 2020?
Thank you for ur leadership. U display more presidential leadership than dt
No words from POTUS I assume.
As one who served onboard a carrier I echo this
Thank you for your kind words to our men and women in uniform
Good - because POTUS' don't seem to be. Thank you @SenKamalaHarris !
Prayers & strength. Even in a tragedy when humanity, concern for your fellow American; Bigotry & hate mongers rear their ugliness in a tweet
It would great if @realDonaldTrump expressed similar sentiments.  Thank u @SenKamalaHarris
This is how you president
Howdid that happen?
Amen 
Amen
Did you plagiarize the POTUS?  Oh wait, he tweeted about the Rasmussen poll. 

Never mind.
@realDonaldTrump this is presidential.
I'm a retired sailor & spent 1/2 my carrier on Navy ships & its completely insulting for a president not to acknowledge their deaths.
Prayers up
haven't heard anything from the president, did i just miss his comment on this tragedy?
Jump on the bandwagon. Votes votes votes
Thank you for your service to our country and for working to keep the @GOP in check
REAL Leaders put the concern of others as their priority. Kamala Harris is to be commended. You rep. America well. Thk u.
but Kamala... did you watch Hannity?
I am still unclear how this happened. I'm sure our ship has lots of radar and such, as well as being quick and maneuverable ????? 
Thank you Japan for your support and care of our servicemen. You are truly a valued ally!
Join with you, praying for healing and blessing for their tragic loss.
Thank you for saying that as a REAL leader...Amen.May the families and fellow shipmates be comforted. God bless them all.

You are an awesome lady. Thank you for this !

Me too!!! My heart aches for the families!!
Thank You for sharing your strong voice. 
Please run for president in 2020.
Thank you for working so hard
We're praying for all on those ships.
You sound like a President.
This is how someone who care about their country communicates. Too bad @realDonaldTrump can't understand this. Thank you Senator Harris.
@bobbi_bobbi thank you, and their families who will forever feel their loss
Meanwhile Trump is tweeting about his poll numbers!
That's presidential.
This is what a real leader should sound like.
Ahhh, TU for being a beacon of hope! My prayers join yours! Why isn't there more news coverage/statements from US officials?  Following 
And Trumps thoughts are with his poll numbers
for the lost lives and their families.
Was it an accident?  Doesn't look like one to me.
Amen
Very presidential of you. Sad we don't have someone of your caliber leading our country. Hopefully sooner than later.
Prayers sent with love.
Thank you for tweeting this!
My thoughts and prayers for the family
@realDonaldTrump this is a statement from a leader who understands compassion & empathy. You have said ZERO & it's #FathersDay unbelievable
As the mother of 2 disabled Army Vets, I know that the loss of ANY servicemen or woman is a great loss to this country. Agree totally.
Amen #RIP fellas love and miss what you have done for this country.
At least she gave her condolences for  the sailors' families, where the narcissist in chief tweeted about himself...again.   SAD!
Thank you for speaking for us since 45 is to busy tweeting about his wrong poll numbers
#ALLIN4AMERICA
#resist
I am a big fan and a small donor and an atheist.
TK Congresswoman! You're such a great job
Yes. Mine too. 
You be ROCKIN! 
Attorney General Sessions....
P.s. You have inspired so many women and made many men aware of how they treat women at work - thank you!
And still now word from the president on the issue!!!
Has anyone told trump?
I thank them for real sacrifices for the USA! My prayers are with all Americans who love this country.
If only 45 cared enough to express this. Instead only tweets to build himself up.
Why didn't you tweet about the Rasmussen poll first? :)
Thank you for being more presidential than the President.
My dog Ozzy is more presidential than trump.
We need this type of leadership to acknowledge this terrible event & to uplift the survivors. Thanks
Trumps are with his poll numbers
As should those of all politicians and others who direct & lead women & men in uniform in their service. Sadly, not all seem to notice...
Yes, any politician, but especially a Commander -in- chief should express condolences publicly.  But 45 is commander of nothing.
@VictoriaAveyard Thank God someone cares Trump should be held responsible for these deaths they could have been avoided
 right
While Trumps are for approval ratings. To use his favorite word #sad
Amen.
With this one tweet, you are more presidential than the President. #2020
This woman should be our President.  @SenKamalaHarris is called cool and stands for justice.
Class
Pray? Isn't that against your left wing communist agenda
My prayers also go out to all the family's and friends of the loved ones of the sailors who lost their life in this horrific accident.  
It's comforting to know that being presidential is possible from others even though the president is not.
Thank you! For being you, we so need honor back in government.
Indeed
Harris&Schiff 2020

@realDonaldTrump - this is an appropriate tweet for today. Mark and remember.
06/17/17.Thoughts and prayers with the sailors of USS Fitzgerald and their families. Thank you to our Japanese allies for their assistance.
That was before they had confirmation of death. He is the cic. He should post about 7 sailors before bragging on himself.
Thank you for being a caring human being and not tweeting about how popular you are in the polls compared to Obama.
Check out @realDonaldTrump he tweeted the same and more. 
You have my vote in 2020. #futurePOTUS
Yes!!!
#kamala2020
Oh yeah!!!
U.S.S. Navy Fitzgerald, A Happy Father's to your own (Father) and w/The Lord's Blessing for me; (Family) Sen. Kamala Harris, TOGETHER, TRUTH
Fathers lost their sons and children lost their fathers. My hearts go out to their families
Well said, @dharmadude
Why thank you Lori! Happy Father's Day!
Hope your Father's Day was lovely & spent  with those you love best, Ripple. (I trust your name does not come from the wine by that name!) 
Thank you very much! They reference if to a favorite Grateful Dead song of the same title. But, I do like a GOOD glass of wine. 
Then it wouldn't be a glass of Ripple! 
You've got that right!
Thank you 4 being more #presidential than #cheeto & @GOP
Trump tweeted about this yesterday.
