Too bad you and Sen. Feinstein did not call out the CPUC for #SanOnofreGate, the multi-billion $ SCE-CPUC ripoff.
Of course they are.
THAT IS VERY EVIDENT WHEN THE ABORTION 'OBAMACARE', ACA WAS PASSED AND FAILED. THAT'S WHY NO ONE WANTED IT. ROBERTS BOUGHT THE BRIBE!
Ocare cost was already on the rise before election. I have letter that let me know my costs were going up.  Has effective date.
higher than a $50,000 broken leg treatment with cast ?
higher than $48,000 a year Rx prescription ?
higher than 116% Premium increases ?
FYI, healthcare costs have been steadily rising the last few years. This, from personal, SMB experience, not political hyperbole.
Thank you!
@realDonaldTrump the so-called @POTUS owns healthcare due to his actions, the rise in copays is due to his policies
Trump said he would. So did GOP.
If they can't kill the ACA, they will do everything to sabotage it.
The Republican Party proudly serving themselves, the rest of us can go to hell.
Get em ladies!
Try doing something useful like putting all your effort behind ending pervasive criminal conduct #RestraintOfTrade in the HC industry.
It's not about insurance and it never has been. It's about reigning in exorbitant cost due to a complete lack of competition. Enforce 15 USC
I already know you won't, because you much prefer a good red herring chased by a strawman argument. The question is why?
The answer is that you are either cowardly, bought and paid for, or incompetent. I suspect incompetence isn't the answer.
Not only that, food is up 60-80% since November, becoming unnafordable for retired and disabled people to live in US.
Thank you!
It is sabotage absolutely
Thank you! I'm so grateful to be living in California!!!
It’s no coincidence that vast majority of the dropped policies happened after the election
But why were they increasing since inception of ACA? All plans on the table are failures, look at Dr Umbehr healthcare system
How about instead of "calling them out" you actually do something to stop this criminal president? More action, less reaction
They've been sabotaging it for years. Should have been publicized more.
How do you continue to disgorge this garbage with a straight face? Obamacare doubled and tripled healthcare costs. Totally disingenuous. 
It is a shame that the GOP is so set on repealing ACA that they are not looking at our sucess to help fix it for everyone. Sad!
How do you all feel about a single payer health care system in CA and the USA?
Keep lying. It makes us stronger. Alinsky is a dead hand. Try to think for yourself for a change.
Look o-care is a joke! The cost for middle class families are up 200% n Alaska and up over 100% n alot of states! Why don't you care?
Hold their feet to the fire! Do not back down! St of Cal need you 2 save their healthcare!
Sen beware it is their plan. Push thru a vote that never reconciles w/House leaving ACA- but unfunded premiums rise. And blame Dems in 2018
No no no. Obama care is failing plain and simple. You liberals are trying to blame Trump on Obamas failure.  Pathetic
do it .try to make news channels to report constantly on their sabotage of ACA and ins. companies
Thank You!!!
First of all we want to thank you and please keep fighting for us we do notice
Obamacare is thriving in California. You should check us out where the leaders and caring for people
#How is it that Texas now has the Highest Maternal Death Rate in our nation. This was an Op-Ed piece in The NY Times. I am horrified!!
TRUTH#TheResistance
Thank you for your work! #MedicareForAll
You gentleman agree?  @SenCoryGardner @SenBennetCO Do you know what's in senate healthcare bill? #copolitics
Thank you Senators. This must stop
Thank you.
Why, why, why does it cost $7B in payments to reduce copays for only 7M people? Insurance is the problem. It's a third party! Out with 'em!
2008 individual $159 month $2084 deduct. Family $369/$2760 ded.
2017 ind. $393/$4328 ded- fam $$1021/ $8352 ded.
Ind. up 144% family 177%
That's the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard. Not Trumps health. Your buddy Obama's healthcare!
I call it manslaughter. But, hey, that is just me.
Obamacare failed and they refuse to admit it. Obama robbed HUD, frannie and freddie mac, used their funds and didnt let public know. Scumbag
This is what she thinks of her constituents. She thinks you are all too dumb to realize this is 100% Obamacare since no new bill passed yet
#WITHHOLDCONSENT
And we are very GRAYEFUL to have you both fight for us!
Oh get a clue, will ya?!  The current rates were set LAST year under Obama.  Criminey you're clueless.
Awful! They are awful!!
Don't call them out. Stop them with actual maneuvers. Deploy vote-o-rama
They don't like the truth so keep the truth coming
Warriors ! I saw you talking together during Iran Russia sanctions vote and wondered what you were planning .  Great jobs , CA. reps rule !
FOX News won't report this!
#Putinwinning
Keep calling them out. They will blame the Dems for the failure.
Thank you so much for all you do!
As small business owners, our costs went up dramatically under...you guessed it...Obama! It's a NIGHTMARE to take care of our employees.
U need to speak louder
They haven't even passed anything this is a complete lie!
I  you both! My friend and I were just saying that we were so glad to live in Calif. and have such great representation.
Get 'em! Continue to work for peace, justice and equity on the people's behalf.
How can you blame the GOP for Obamacare? It was an all DEM bill signed by Obama. Now that it's blowing up its Pres. Trump who is causing it?
And you wonder where the anger comes from? No one wants Trumpcare  @POTUS @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @SenatorBurr @GOP @PressSec
You have my vote!
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris. I'm sick of him & his hate for Obamacare & President Obama.
Get them!!! We are behind you!!!
This administration was not in power when my rates tripled for a family of three that's all on the DemocRats
@SpeakerRyan ANY empathy? I need healthcare w/o caps or pre existing..or I will end up on disability or DEAD..thanks!
Yassss
Dems passed ACA and caused health care to rise. Losing all power hasn't convinced you of that yet?
Keep up the GOOD work !!
Not true. PelosiCare inflated and distorted the entire healthcare cost scheme. RyanCare never implemented.  So it is your fault. . . own up.
Don't let him get away with this. This is a life and death matter for all Americans. He cannot be allowed to play with our lives.
TOTALLY disgusting!
Then stop delaying reform.......
Keep at it!
Trumps plan to intentionally weaken ACA. Intends to cause it to fail and then point at how it was a failure. Evil plan. Evil man.
Incredible lie. On 3rd provider and 4th Dr since OCare. Way before Trump even ran for president. Costs up 4x. OCare a total disaster!
Thank you!
Thank you! They will lie, cheat, steal to get their way!!
gotta have that Tax Money for @PPact so they can donate it back to Liberal Baby Killers-just such a perfect party w/twisted beliefs D-BAGS
I know a lot of conservatives who have had abortions-just saying...
The agenda for GOP governors has been to cripple ACA from the start and now trump is trying to kill it altogether.  Harris in 2020.
Thank you, you should get all of your colleagues to join you DAILY until the republicans are shamed, this is outrageous what they're doing
THANK YOU!!! If Paul Ryan Tweets more bull about the inevitability of healthcare failure, I will scream!!
Are these tweets real? They are crazy fawning over someone with very limited experience and/or intellect.
Thank you
Well it's about time! You should be all over this, it has been going on since 2015! #ACA
GOP obstructionist behavior has been mantra from beginning & many lost optys for improv, $ save
Withhold consent!!!
yes!! Missed seeing you on @Morning_Joe but understand the bump. Hope they reschedule.
Yes they hv been doing everything they can to weaken it for months.
The only ones that believe health ins. costs haven't risen greatly since ObamaCare started are the ones not paying for their own insurance.
@SpeakerRyan @HouseGOP @SenateGOP They have been Sabotaging ACA for the last 2 years.
Feinstein & Harris 
Health care costs rose dramatically before 'this administration' was even a thought. ACA is an abomination
Evil GOP members who're Intentionally defunding Obamacare have long history in creating conditions to cause people to die premature death!
Stay tough on them. Thank you for having our back! 
Thank you both. We need you and we appreciate you!
Thank you, unfortunately they don't care if you call them out. Please withhold consent and filibuster by amendment!
Thank you so much for being our senator, it makes me proud to be from our beautiful state! Stay strong!
Thank God! DJT's latest 'Cuba' tantrum causes deep fear in American people. What evil lurks in his plans?True motive cannot be good for U.S.
Trump & #GOP denying Americans affordable, comprehensive healthcare. NO care 4 people! We MUST #VoteOutGOP #DrainTrumpSwamp #ProtectOurCare
Good. Keep eye on efforts to destroy medical care insurance and care for all needing ins. Trump's medical care, like hotels, boutique only.
My two Senators!  Thanks you two! Thanks for standing with #wethepeople
Come on fight back lower affordable care
Thank you!
Grateful you are representing me and my community with bravery and patriotism! You are role models for young leaders everywhere.
Yea? How much have insurance costs gone up over the last 10 years?
Not sure what we would do without you.  Thank you both.
It's been obvious that Trump is doing everything he can to undermine the ACA and discourage the insurers.  Self-fulfilling prophecy!
We're lucky if he doesn't kill us all!
This IS NOT a solution for the GOP's inability to pass a bi-partisan improvement to Obamacare. Yep...'mean' about sums it up.  #AHCAkills
Gosh, is it ok if I thank Sens Harris & Feinstein every day for working 4 America?  Every day I see it & it almost makes me cry. Thank you!
You go Senators!
Someone has to do it.  Once again, the burden falls on strong women.
Thank you and @SenFeinstein Many Americans will be left out empty and uninsured. The cost is enormous. Few can afford. We need help. God.

Thank you. The ACA has not only improved healthcare for CA, it has improved the economy too.
This is Father's Day (Sunday) Weekend; Again, I KNOW your there as I am ; TOGETHER,Always!! Sen. Kamala Harris
Just wait DACA parents arrive going to put more strain on the system.
Senator , if you run for president in 2020, it would be the quickest way to restore our humanity!
The REAL Wonder Woman and Supergirl!  Thank you for your hard work representing the people and defending the Constitution!
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump Let AHCA fail. Tell congress to go on vacation. Don't put forth anything. Make them beg to repeal AHCA. Full repeal
We will always support you and Senator Feinstein ...!!
all I can say is thank God for you Patriots or we would be dying in the streets already!
Trump has not changed Obamacare at all yet. Any issues that are going on are 100% caused by Democrats. Quit trying to bully people
It start with Rubio getting the risk corridors gutted - that raised premiums quite a bit. Then the "will we won't we" pay subsidies = chaos
Thank you! Senator Harris we are so proud of you here in California!  Keep fighting! #ShowUsTheBill defeat #wealthcare!
ACA doubled for me before Trump won, so you can stop making up lies like this, Senators
Lol so the complete backing out of most providers, and the skyrocketing cost of the leftovers before he took office were his fault too?!?

That should be treated as a criminal act.
Criminal?  
Not to allow Liberal, left-wing Democrats to steal money from those who earned it?  
I'm all for that...
are you for #OathKeepers  doing it?
I'm not for corruption of ANY sort. Put 'em in jail.  
It just seems to be so much more common on the Left.
really? Hmmm let's see... To start
I'm not a fan--Next.
Which is why they are saying it's spiraling downward bc they are not funding it. Insanity. Thank you to both of you. #workingforthepeople
interesting since America is working off of Obamacare still. Calling out who now?
Thank you for the work you are doing. So grateful to you both for speaking up and standing strong.
You should be doing EVERYTHING you can to stall #AHCA !!!
Is she serious... my health care cost have been rising for years.  This year up to 1200 a month. Not potus fault
. Thank you Senators. Scream it from the rooftops!
It is time for you to stop lying to the public. Obamacare has been in a death spiral since its inception (which GOP had no input in).
No input whatsoever. Except of course all those amendments. And Senate committee that got told to stop cooperating.
wait, #Trump was preezy 4 years ago? when my rates doubled and deductible went up 9x? #ACA #obamacare
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris  and @SenFeinstein   Honored that you are our Senators and continue to always speak truth and do right!
What? See tell the truth! This was supposed to happen under Obamacare and you know it, this way he was out of office. Don't hang this on him
#GOP is killing Americans.
Calling YOU out. Obummer never funded ACT. Stealing money from Fred Mac/Mae to pay prem. Money to build low inc housing. Stealing from poor.
All this administration wants is for anything President Obama did is to make it fail. Save AMERICA vote Against the GOP
The GOP has sabotaged ACA. Obstruction of a different kind. Believe me. #TrumpLies #TrumpNoCare
Thank YOU!
How many times did you call out the last administration? Come on, Kamala, have some credibility.
Reprehensible. It should be illegal to intentionally cause this much pain to your fellow Americans just so u can PRETEND to fix healthcare!!
I give up on our country. Republicans have gutted our social safety nets and ruined our standing in the world. We are done, reason is gone.
Lol. You DO realize ObamaCare is already failed x past 3yrs?! I realize u wish 2 have as many as possible depend on gov so u can keep m down
Thank you!
Let me understand this, we can't afford $7 Billion for healthcare but we can afford $12-15 Billion to build a wall along the border? 
Putting another $7B in a system that is a complete failure is a waste.
From my little perch, it appears as if you, Sen. Feinstein & other female Congressional Sens. & Reps are most involved doing the hard work
Lolol!
Great op ed, now it's time to #withhholdconsent or filibuster by amendment. 23M lives are at stake! #ShowUsTheBill
Will you use Filibuster by Amendment to fight the GOP vote on whatever their bill is?
So glad I live in Cali, where we are working on our own universal coverage system. Lets do it and set an example for the nation.
Evildoers...the Deathmaticians are destroying the ACA!
Free will if left unchecked. Thank you #KamalaHarris! Exceptional person!
You be ROCKIN!
Everything Trump touches/says/does would be a scandal in any other administration.There's just so much of it we can't react before the next.
True story. Trying to underfund it to make it look like it's failing to rally support for AHCA.
Thank you to my SenatorsMore like blackmailing.
Sad... these clowns
#trump so stupid he doesn't realize it falls under hiss watch... #historical #historicaltimeline 
Withhold consent!
Isn't the administration violating RICO laws by doing this? @tribelaw any thought??
No.
You are absolutely amazing !!
#singlepayer NOW Please!
So,  are they basically murdering the health care bill in order to blame it on Obama?
Is there anyone else that can make this good again? Someone needs to fix it. DT is too busy f****ing tweeting!!!
The AHCA is failing exactly as planned by the Democrats
Do you mean AHCA the Republicans are now working on?
No,..... Obamacare is doing exactly what it was designed to do, FAIL
Then you mean ACA.
, yep...... I got my acronyms wrong....no, I wasn't meaning the American Health Care Association ... Ocare was to bring about single payer
Oh - so you mean TrumpCare.  Ahhh.
... no, but the AHCA "bill" is starting 2 look like a farce as well & doubt any government intervention other than ins. oversight will fail
We need you to do more than tweet - withhold consent, filibuster by amendment. You have tools, do you have the will to use them?
yes, we know...do what she is good at, run her mouth
Shouldn't that be illegal? Corrupt? Something?
The AHCA should be illegal....
