Yea right. You were so wrong. #KamalaWrongHarris
You're using comey as a honest fact checker 
Lol
Soro’s wouldn’t hesitate to take you out do you think their not going to do it again 
What we are saying is Comey is bought and paid for and the line starts at Soro’s
Hillary bought Comey in 1995 from a law firm partnership rummage sale.  Soros owns Hillary.  So you are correct!
Are you actually saying the Trump campaign was not surveiled? What planet do you live on?
No, it wasn’t. What law did you study? Because you either don’t know what “campaign” means or you don’t know what “surveilled” means.
They wiretapped Trump's campaign phones
No, they didn’t. Stop getting your news from Russian Facebook memes.
Yes they did Troll
No, they didn’t, MAGAT moron. Show your work.
Just one day, just one, could Kamala TELL THE TRUTH, JUST ONE?
Not possible.
Never!
and now that there is PLENTY of Proof that President Trump's claim is TRUE?
and Plenty of Evidence that Comey committed PERJURY???
No evidence? What are you smoking @SenKamalaHarris ?
Drug test her
Well @SenKamalaHarris  I think you need to retract your statement!
Who even takes Comey at his words? Geez.

If a Democrat does think something is good. They R NOT ALLOWED to express their approval. Called the @SenSchumer Act.   You need approval from @SenSchumer to stand and respect our @POTUS.    A.K.A @DNC CULT Ask @Sen_JoeManchin this was sad to see. I felt bad for Joe I really did
I felt bad for him too... for about 2 seconds!  Then it angered me that he obeys Schumer instead of being a MAN with some intestinal fortitude!!  Grow a pair Joe and stand up for what YOU believe in and get out from under Chucky the Clown
What happened to freedom of speech, thinking etc. Remove Chucky he’s corrupt and evil!
Yes, I do believe you are correct!!! Dems need to wise up and vote all of the loons out ASAP!!
 Kamala if you’re planning to run in 2020 you’ll have to explain this one of yours which aged well 
#NeverKamala
When will Kamala & the Demonic Dems learn there is ALWAYS some truth to EVERYTHING @POTUS says.”Good men & Women” are patriotic 2this country & are eyes & ears &against corruption &work 24/7 4We THE PEOPLE including HER. HE IS IN THR KNOW-SHE IS NOT #MAGA
No you are further damaging your career your a nothing burger GO PRESIDENT TRUMP WE ARE WINNING
Well,
As long as Honest Jim confirmed it......
She banged him - no bias.
The Forclosure Queen?
ik


So when Admiral Rogers flew to Trump Towers and notified Trump that he was being wire tapped was a mistake? 
Trump immediately moves to NJ and then tweets that he was illegally tapped.
Only 1 more agent remains. Rosenstein.  Lawyer up @FBI agents.  @realDonaldTrump #MAGA
No evidence  haha cause comey says so .the biggest liar in DC and he says theres no evidence   so?
Comey is a Lawyer, al of you lawyers are trained to lie, at the drop of a hat, as for me, I would rid the world of the top people in FBI & DOJ, today. And any person in Congress who sided with this, and then take away your pensions/HC
Harris you obviously smoke up too much weed 
Don't let her scapegoat like that, I smoke too much weed and I know DJT is for the people  #QAnon
How's that taste kamala
Right on Rich
Oooops 

Where is your outrage over the wiretaps?
Wow. This tweet looks very foolish now.  But hindsight being 20/20 I’ll just assume you were doing what Dems always do, Lie to people and manipulate truth to benefit you and hurt political opponents.  #Obamagate #Treason #LockThemAllUp

yea how did this tweet work out for you? You and the Dems are corrupt.  We all know the truth now shameful you have no ethics.  See how that works out for you in 2018. KARMA
Your tweets arent aging well, Senator!
I'll take #TweetsThatDidntAgeWell  for $1000 Alex....
Ya this did not age well.
Kommunist Kamala is not only a communist but a liar to boot. Fidel Castro has nothing on you and your plans for America. Do us all a favor and just go back to adultery.
C'mon Kamala,
You know our President was under surveillance based on illegal information contained in a dossier. 
He was under surveillance, being spied on.
Put your bullshit "lawyerspeak" away.
There might not be evidence of a "wire tap" but all of you effing know what he meant!
Apology forthcoming???
#dumbass
there is only one Kamala I would ever vote for.  #Qanon #NotABot
His real name is james Harris, Coincidence? 
now that is interesting. Their version of politics is like pro wrestling so it makes sense.
#COMEY said it!? Oh well in that case it MUST be true. Hahaha that lying snake - one of the least trustworthy people on the planet.
Didn’t age very well Kam! 
Wow....like most comments you make, in retrospect and as the TRUTH surfaces, your true colors are exposed for the World to see!  You’re a classic example why real American Patriots, find Liberal Democrats, so repulsive!
Well this didn't age well. You should delete tweets when you've been busted in your outright lies.
Using Comey as a source is like using @NancyPelosi as a model for good mental health!
Guess this tweet didn’t age well did it. 

Bright as they come, aren’t ya? 
Comey lied and you swore to it. You're a disgrace.
This didn’t age well eh @KamalaHarris ? Sit down & shut the fuck up you kyke!
Comet is a liar, guess that makes you complicit
@SenKamalaHarris i'll archive this and bring it back if you decide to run again. Just to show how stupid wrong you were and are!!!
It's called treason.  Say it with me "FBI Director James @Comey committed treason".  No plea deals, he get the book thrown at him.
This turned out real well for you! 
Was gonna say don't you feel stupid, then realized this is normal for you!
comey doesnt know what the word means,hes so corrupt he believes his own lies
One or two things. Either, by now, you've faced facts that most of this stuff is , or you don't care and hope to capitalize off of it.
How are you a senator?

Kamala you reaffirmed @Comey Perjured himself so thank you! Sedition Treason Traitor STAND UP FOR, KAMALA, AND HELP BRING HIM TO JUSTICE!
Kamala.  And give me one good reason why anyone should believe anything Comey says.  He will go down in history as being the stooge for the Obama admin.  That's it.
#ReleaseTheMemo
This tweet didn’t age well
are you now outraged at the fact that Trump was wiretapped, or would you like this tweet to go away quietly.... 

oops.... too late!!
God help you.


Well, this isn't exactly true, is it?? Lol, democraps: The party of lies, corruption, treason.
Coming to a city near you, ICE, ICE, BABY.
No, what Comey confirmed and what the “Memo”confirmed is that Comey life under oath and that their multiple FISA searches were illegal.  Your boy Comey is going to jail! And probably Hillary & Obama.
The memo clearly states Trumps headquarters was tapped, just because Trump himself wasn’t the target doesn’t mean his voice wasn’t recorded for the FBI. Don’t be naive, FBI went after a head in his campaign.
Are you capable of telling the truth,? Americans doubt it.
This tweet is not aging very well for you! Proof again of the lying Democrat Marxist Mafia at it again!
Like we would believe you OR Comey!!!!!!!!!
#ComeyLied #SuperBowl
Oopsy. Well, that was 100% wrong. Wasn’t it....#fisagate
Hey Kamala, have somebody read this to you and concentrate real hard on question # 3. Leaked a Memo to his reporter friend (illegal) all the text messages from Strzok and Page, Andy going bye bye after FISA was seen by Wrey....ect...ect...
And If you write to Kamala with an opposing view she will send you an email saying ‘thank you for your email, I’m glad you agree with me’ and pays NO attention to any comment that disagrees with her view.
Not aging well
You fit in well with  cheating, lying Democrats! You're just like all the others except you slept your way to the top! MAGA
Are you dense?  Comey is a proven liar & not to be believed by anyone with operational brain cells.
Meet the women who endorses a police state
Comey???!!!
What say you now Senator????
This comment didn’t work out so well for you. 

#DrainingTheSwamp #DrainTheDeepState
And this is why the American taxpayer does not want Kamala Harris in office of any sort.
This didn’t aged well
Knock knock? Who’s there? I’m wrong. I’m wrong who? I’m wrong about everything 
Are you out of your rabbit ass mind, you need to take sides. Either you are with the pedophilic satanic NWO who sacrifice children or you're with  those restoring our republic, right or left - choose wisely.
Hahaaaahhhaa so funny and yet so sad. You have abandoned any logic or intelligence you ever had and run blindly behind Pelosi - Schumer with your nose firmly planted ...you know where.  You bring a bad name to womankind.
Oops
The #ObamagateSpyingScandal  just blew up your tweet. THE FBI DID NOT DISCLOSE TO THE FISA JUDGE THAT THE DOSSIER WAS PAID FOR BY THE DNC.
.. interesting that you would say something like that back then, because at the time you probably knew that it was true .. now that it has been proven ..
It’s called CYA by despicable evil corrupt immoral disgraceful disgusting crooked criminal scumbags like you Kamala.
AND ONCE AGAIN...THE #LIARS ARE EXPOSED @Comey & YOU @SenKamalaHarris 
YOUR TWIT DID NOT AGE WELL...
Funny she doesn't want anyone to know she is a democrat.
Tell your FBI to release the JFK Assassination Files; the cover up must stop. J. Edgar Hoover was blackmailing Kennedy. I realize that the Dems need the FBI to frame Trump, but murder is not legal. MAGA.
You need some real help lady.  If you believe lying Comey. Fined a good  brain surgeon, because you have a head injury.
Comey lied again
#TREASON #SEDITION #HANGEMHIGH #PUBLICHANGING #FIRINGSQUAD
If your suggesting we take a verified liars word over facts on the table my dear,you won't mind it if the FISA APPLICATION &RENEWALS , redacted if needed, be released to the public.not a summarized memo.positive proof in that Doc,  @RepAdamSchiff wouldn't work so Hrd otherwise!
Perhaps you all should be careful what you tweet
Go clean osamas house community we all no and see what's happening all corrupt that's what osama Hilary Russia uranium for money is the real collusion Democrats liberals are worthless
Wouldn’t have anything to do with Comey being the actual signatory of the FISA warrant.
#ShitHole
I hope the good folks you conned into voting for you reads every single word you write or say! All lies and innuendo!
No policy capability, totally uneducated and incapable of fulfilling the position you currently hold. What a scam!
Wake up folks cause #TimesUp
I bet you feel foolish now!
Oh wait... you're a Democrat, and devoid of morals!
Hey Kamala, in the mood for a snack, try eating these words. Seems, 'wrong again' is your most common theme. Democrat=Communist Liberalism=Insanity Kamala Harris=California Liar
U & other fools are going to find out soon enough!  Btw are you a satanic worshipper and believe you have the RIGHT to harm, torture & do unspeakable things to a baby/child?? We are coming for all of YOU!
Kamala, when was the last time u were correct about anything???
Why don’t you and the rest of you corrupt  Dem politicians just give up and let some one else do your jobs because you Suck at it . Especially CA
@Comey is a liar as are you Kamala.
YOU Dems are "outrageous" with your lies & cover ups to try to deflect from the Democrats corruption to interfere with a presidential election and obstruct justice to get FISAs by lying with a fake dossier. Your tweet here, displays you are in on it all Kamala.  Dirty politician.
Hey Harris, care to change your tune?
This didn't age so well you hack @KamalaHarris @SenKamalaHarris

You’re corrupt inside and out. You need to get right with this world.
Womp womp wooooooooooomp
Kamala, you shouldn’t tell lies, millions of people are paying attention, but typical liberal speak from you. 
Right..like HE'S credible!

Then why did he lawyer up. We know the truth, your lies just continue to make you look either really stupid or a liar. Ill bet on the latter.

OMG how dumb are you?!?
Is this moron on earth. What a dumb ass.
Looks like @Comey perjured himself. My, my, my. And now he's going to teach an ethics course. Those students should get their money back!
Hi! Did you forget making this statement?
Maybe if you got your fake Police force on the case..like bring 'em back for one last case! And they can find the #Memo of Evidence
And NOW, Feb. 2018 - WE KNOW #CorruptComey LIED ! And so are YOU
Right...you keep telling yourself that..American ppl know better.. 
#MAGA 
#NoDACA 
#NoAmnesty 
#MCGA
Spare the BS > #ShitholeDemocrats put #IllegalAliens over Amer Citizens! Vote out all #Demonrats >Trash! #ObamaForPrison

Again, your tweets don't  age well. Maybe you should hire someone to delete these old tweets. Just saying....
Holy cows. You really think Comey is a credible source.
"Comey Confirmed"

that's like saying "Madoff Invested"
lol
your gonna be fun
And you believed him?
This didn't age too well huh.
Barack DID In Fact Spy on @POTUS Trump @realDonaldTrump
Admiral Rogers who serves as Director of the National Security Agency NSA Commander of the U.S. Cyber Command Reported it!

Listen@ timestamp 14:45 But encourage Everyone to Listen to the Whole Video

In loonie S.F. sure! On earth ah NO!
Are you high?
Like we accept Comey’s outrageous lies! You are all birds of a feather!!! Keep on telling your lies, even you may begin to believe they’re true! I wonder why you Dems are now tweeting? I thought you were all so outraged that the President was tweeting! This ok for Dems, not Pres.
Wow, Kamala dear. This certainly did not age well, now did it.
If you folks cared more about serving the country than serving yourselves, you would concerned about the possibility of criminality!
No evidence? You know better than that! You know that the DNC paid for the dossier, to use to get a fraudulent fisa warrant, to listen in on Trump's campaign! 
The truth is out and the gig is up!
Treason charges are coming! 
Have fun in Gitmo!
You mean no evidence that you can see. Of course, you can't see any further than your illegals and their votes, so I must take that into account.
Eat shit beeeach!
Liar!
Oh Comey confirmed it!   Hahaha
Lol!!!
Ouchy... this tweet did not age well at all
You have to have the largest blinders in the world you wear daily. Or you failed critical thinking. I feel it is both.

Remember that when all of Obama's people are wearing handcuffs!
Uh huh, that tweet didn't age too well, did it?

You are going down Kamala!
Comey #theleaker ?  Or Comey the #bigweasel ?
Yes let's take comey's word he said it so it must be true..
You knew when you wrote this he was wiretapped and there was evidence. Truth is out now though.

Hahahhahahahaha. This tweet didn't age very well, did it? Loser.
Kamala Harris, @Comey has NO credibility amongst the American People & frankly neither do you. The Deep State #SecretSociety will be fully exposed as well as it very well should be. Obamas administration continues still today to undermine President Trump & We The People are Livid
And @realDonaldTrump  was right again!
America is waking up to the fact they can trust their president.
Hey Kamala, how do your words taste? How about a retraction and admit you were wrong? Thats what an honorable person would do.
Delete this tweet. You were wrong again.
She's not wrong if she and all her other lemmings believe it.
This statement of yours did not age well. AmPpl now aware of Comey lie,  @POTUS  Trump was surveilled by Obama, Comey, etc
Somehow, someway both Harris & Comey will claim this to be true - the only things unsubstantiated are all allegations against Trump - no evidence to backup Harris's outrageous claims
egg on your face, eh?
Not egg.  More like this:  
This did not age well
I will be glad when you are voted out of California. See ya! #MakeCARedAgain #RedWaveRising2018
They were not false, Comey lied to congress and will continue to lie to cover his ass. It's the democrat code  lie lie lie
Hahahaha, Hillarious when scripted narratives fall apart 
how'd this tweet work out fer ya?
Ha

Ha

Ha

Ha

Ha

Ha

Ha

Ha

Ha

Ha

Ha

Idiot
And we believe what comes out of Comeys mouth? He's been caught lying under oath.
You're a corrupt politician.
Um... your willful ignorance in this tweet is mind numbing.. Only liberal hacks believe this nonsense #LockThemAllUp #FISAabuse
This didn’t age well
Might need to try the new 'PILL' I hear it's like viagra for the brain. Maybe try 2. Either that your just a liar.
Kamala Harris,The man doesn’t know how to tell the truth.
You must feel really stupid..if not you should.  Gawd, please change your gender you are bringing women down
Comey lol  yeah ok sure thing 
