When you decide to run for POTUS I will happily volunteer my services to work on your campaign.
How kind that you let him finish his talking points..
Comey going to prison?
hang it up, Sea Hag.
I'm told by a Captl Hill Senate insider that they're going after Sessions next.
Yes, you were BRILLIANT. 
Indeed.
You have come a long way Kamala. How about a Newsom/Harris ticket or visa Versa if you like.
I thought you did very well and came across professional, determined, knowledgeable respectful & made a point.
Great ...
Leaking, trump never under investigation,... comeys "feelings" never reported is very telling.
Excellent work. Sessions is suspect. AG needs to be investigated.

Nothn but mad luv & respect 4 u Sen Harris!!!  Straight 2 the point no BS!!!   DEM PROUD!!!
Are you making plans for 2020? Got for it!
You are truly representing us! I have all the same questions and have been wondering why Sessions is still AG...
Thank you for your honesty!!!!
That's why I voted for you!  Go Girl!
Thank you senator for your hard work
You're a rock star.
And it was awesome.
I so miss him. My President Obama 
Of course Sessions wasn't at those meetings -  he'd prob. already given his 'loyalty pledge' & agreed to kill the Russia investigation.
Keep pressing on Sessions....he's as guilty as sin.

I love my Senator! You are fierce!
Thank you for your brilliant line of questioning on Comey day. 
Look forward to your examination tomorrow!
P.S. 
Is someone going to ask AG Jeff Sessions tomorrow if he agrees with this asinine assessment of Marc Kasowitz's spokesperson? https://twitter.com/markcorallo1/status/873891948540645376 …

JUNE 8 #Prediction Pertaining to stabbing-like weapons and respecting the external condition of man. #ComeyDay http://jdcpredictions.blogspot.com/2017/06/jun0817-pertaining-to-stabbing-like.html … 
BRAVO SENATOR! BRAVO! SUN SALUTATIONS! THANK YOU FOR ASKING ABOUT SESSIONS.....
We need to see #Trump's tapes. Please demand them. I've written to my Senators. #LordyIHopeThereAreTapes
You really put the pressure on Rosenstein.
Senator, you are amazing.. So proid of my vote, California and you. Keep up the fight. #KAMALA2020
But the Russia investigation is a big joke. There's nothing to investigate. So take your legalize sleaze back your swamp buddies.
Good luck if the Democrats think she is good for the party. Rudeness is not strength.
Good questioning. Coney gave a good briefing. I stayed up all night watching from Hong Kong.
California is so proud of you.
Why didn't you ask questions that mattered? You are so phony.
When @jeffsessions is there on Tuesday will he be questioned?
Stay strong Senator Harris. So proud of you!
Excellent questions! If you ever decide to run for President, I'd vote 4 you!
This what a REAL Senator...you are jus a Liberal HACK!
BWAH HAHA HA HA!!! Thanks for the comic relief today. Bless your heart though, you actually think you looked smart. BWAH HAHA HA HA!!!
You're a try hard wannabe who was slapped down like a child yesterday and still had to grandstand today. Clearly it's all about you. #Hack
Great job!
Why did you not ask about Loretta Lynch dictating verbiage regarding Hillary investigation? You are a hack Nothing more...Nothing less!
So if Sessions really had yet another Russia meeting, did he not perjure himself in his confirmation hearing?
And we HOPE you continue to spectacularly pursue justice. Yes, that's an order BTW. Signed, America #ShePersisted
Well done today Sen. Harris.
You were brilliant
You must've been a BEAST as a prosecutor! 
YOU R AWESOME!
Your line of questioning was surgically precise & deliv'd w steely-eyed authority
Good job! Make them respect your presence sitting on that committee!
Thank you Kamala. You're a real pro Very prepared. History will smile on you as someone who rose to the occasion when America needed a hero.
Sweet....
Again, your line of questioning was all about what Comey knows about Jeff Sessions?  Nobody can address what 3rd party knows.  Hearsay!
Again today you had great questions.
I noticed!
I just hope Muller finds out the truth.
Amazing work today, Senator Harris. Thank you so much!
You rocked today. Great questioning.
Robbery with a gun analogy was on point Senator!
Well done! 
Thanks for laying out this line of questioning in open session. Hope you f/u in closed session!
Outstanding job Senator Harris, you're making is proud!
Most critical statement at 1:33 of clip: "did he realize the president was doing this because of the Russian investigation!?"..gold!
Did you get answers in the closed session? Pun intended!
Great job-- excellent tone and delivery! two guys next to you got real fidgety at .54 of clip  keep pressing
Kamala Harris is awesome that's why they tried to shut her up yesterday @SenatorBurr so glad she's my senator from California
Senator...smart, on point with that line of questioning. You're on it. Proud   here
I saw what you did there
Keebler Elf General Sessions deserves to be brought to justice.
@SenKamalaHarris - tough smart sharp  from CA 
Go Kamala Go
Thax/Love 2our Sen Kamala.
@RazdanNidhi @_sabanaqvi @hvgoenka @suhasinih @LauraHaydenFun @_pallavighosh @salman7khurshid @PChidambaram_IN
Yes, we noticed the foundation-laying.  Thanks!
Good job, keep up ur good work my friend 
Great job @SenKamalaHarris! We were rooting from you in California. You laid out a great set of questions that deserve clear answers.
You did great!! @FBI needs to meet with him.
You are as partisan as it gets. i thought you would be different, that's why I voted for you but I was wrong. Trump does more for California
sure we all saw what you tried to do, but it didn't work. Just like yesterday, all you have proven is that you want Trump > US to succeed
Dont sit next to MANCHIN!!?...He's a Traitor!
Keep up the good work Senator.
you should be under oath answering questions
Thank you, Senator Harris. We heard you. We're with you.
You're good my dear!
Thank you for working hard to get at the heart of this.
You did your thang up there today! California & they nation is lucky to have you!
Great job, today! Thank you for everything you are doing.
Thankful no one tried to shut you down today!
Loving you today, Senator Harris!
You are a super star.
So glad you got Sessions involved in this whole mess. He needs to resign, too.
My mom, who is a native Angelino & now lives in UK, was really impressed by you today. Good work from both of us!
Go for it 
Can you post your whole segment?  I missed that part of the hearing today.
Yes. The AG is the one who should be protecting the FBI in a case like this.
Good job! Have doubts that Sessions followed his own recusal pledge.
key moment was Comey being told by Lynch to call HRC investigation a "matter." She made it political
You make this Texas Female Democrate very proud to have you as a Senator. Too bad our Texas Senators have signed on to loyalty to Trump!
Yeah...... that was freaking awesome 
Your CA constituents should be proud of their vote for you!  Smart and sassy

She made California proud.  Go Kamala.....

And Rep Republican. can't remember the name said oh I applaud him for that sessions did exactly what he should've done
I so wish that I had a senator like you!  Thank you for standing tall, and persisting:)!
PROUD
You are my Hero WE ARE PROUF OF YOU LADY
Thank you for asking great questions! Most in the public are watching this unfold in disbelief that Putin has access to the Trump admin.
Those on the defense..already know they lost. Rebutting credible testimony with transparent bullshit was witnessed by the world..stood still
Yea I am sure when your being robbed the assailant is going to say I "hope" you will give me your wallet. Stupid analogy.
Thank you for getting those questions on the public record. I hope we will all learn the answers.
and post the part where Comey said Sessions looked like "what do you want me to do" when told not to leave me alone with DT
Yep - we got it!  Good job! Sessions gotta go -he is dirty!
blah blah blah
You were great yesterday and today.
Saw you. You were excellent.
Without disclosing his response(s), were any of your ?s asked in open session answered to yr satisfaction in closed session?
Go get 'em, Kamala!!!
Next time go after Pence too or you'll be stuck with him and he's no better
That big rat @AGJeffSessons and #ClownTrump @tedlieu @ChrisCuomo @funder @RepAdamSchiff @alfranken @Lawrence @SenSchumer @repjohnlewis
@JoyAnnReid @ananavarro @MariaTCardona @davidaxelrod @SocialPowerOne1 @CharlesMBlow @tribelaw @Amy_Siskind @RepJoeKennedy @RepCummings
If we were allowed representation here in DC I wish our rep would be just like you.
Amen.
You were great. Thank you very much for your conscientious work.
When are we going to address benghazi?? Or fast and furious, or berghdal.. don't go away mad comey just go away...
The Dems had their act together and divided and conquered. The GOP sounded like a broken record. Except McCain, who just sounded nuts.
Thank you, Senator, from the American people.
I love the way you get right to the question without all of the introductory fluff!!!
Yes!!!
I like it.  You laid the groundwork for Mueller to dig in and find out what Comey could not answer.  Good Job! #KamalaKicksA$$
Sorry, slept through u *yawn*
Yeah we saw.  Sessions should be the next one testifying. Thank you, Senator for persisting.
I CERTAINLY saw a DISTINCT difference.Comey's tone +body language was neutral when you questioned him. The FOUR AMIGOS,yesterday?DEFENSIVE!
Great job yesterday and today.  Glad @SenKamalaHarris is fighting for us.
Why cant American Senators and House Reps be educated and articulate like Senator Kamala Harris?
Standing with you!
Please take sessions and the rest of the them down.
Badass from California! 2020 please!
You go girl....that man looks TIRED !
If he lied to Congress about his contacts w ruskies, Why is he still there? Why is Jared there w clearance?
I hope the Senate Intel Comm recalls Dan Coats; Mike Rogers, Andrew McCabe;&Rod Rosenstein. I know Comey's experience w/ Trump isn't only 1
Kamala Harris 2020!
So glad you did that. Especially liked the final question regarding independence of special counsel. Thank you.
Thank you for doing your job. Keep making us proud here in California.
Challenge POTUS to willingly testify before Senate under oath.
And your unending rudeness and agenda
Great job Senator Harris! Jeff Sessions is getting free ride after lying under oath to congress. He needs to be held to account.
Great question, since Sessions recused himself from Russia investigation, why was he involved in Comey's firing
So this is your first term?- So proud to see another GREAT woman(w/ElizWa&MaxW) representing assertively (despite some rude male colleagues)
Excellent questioning Ms. Harris!  Thank you!
I think flynn needs IMMUNITY, he knows EVERYTHING!
Friends AND/OR "PARTNERS IN CRIME!"
You know they continue to communicate.
. Great job Madam President.
I honestly want to know more about your stance on a variety of issues, because I think I'd like to see you run for POTUS.
No questions about Loretta Lynch? Yeah, your so brave lol.
You were spot on!
Stellar work!
DONT LET THESE MALE SENATORS TRY TO PUT U ON TH SIDELINE, U ARE DOING A GREAT JOB.WE THE PEOPLE R VERY PROUD OF YOU
YES, I am Sen. Kamala Harris of Oakland,California photo post as well
I want to see Sessions go down in flames. It's crazy the number of senators that voted yes on his confirmation.
Sessions is a small fish. I want to see the entire political system go down in flames! Democrips and Rebloodicans included!
Great moment! Thank you!! #ComeyDay #TrumpRussia #Resistance
I wish you were my Senator!
Kamala, so glad to see you didn't get shut down today. Keep up the good work senator.
Keep talking and asking Senator. We can't extend "courtesy" at the expense of truth.
CA was proud!! #TeamHarris
YESSSS. Job very well done. You give me hope.
The racist elf Jeff Sessions needs to resign. Thank you Senator.
His hearing will be next Tuesday. This should be good!
Great job but it becomes more n more obvious GOP rather have no country at all than share or compromise power. SAD !
It is HIIIIIIGHLY important for these questions to be asked! ANYTHING pertaining to Jeffery Sessions raises a brow!
Yes Senator because you know he's deep dirty in this as much as Trump
Would have liked to be a fly on the wall for the closed door session. You did a fine job on the questions, opened several possibilities
We noticed!!!!
Yes she is seen her in person in Oakland beautiful smart lady
Great Job today - you should replace Sessions as Attorney General.
How was the closed session? You can tell me Kamala. 
great job with that today, Senator Harris.
Yes, and thank you. We must know the truth.
