That crappie flew out the window the moment the vote went to him.  #EndTheElectoralVote #EndGerrymandering
In addition to that: #EndVoterSuppression.

Absent Republican-sponsored voter suppression, Hillary Clinton would now be POTUS.
True
Thank you both for these words!
You're 100% correct.
He is the most discusting president we have ever had.
Trump?
Yes he is repugnant!!!!
He sure the hell is. Sorry about the language. He brings it out in me.
I hope the Special Prosecutor comes out soon with evidence that will sink Trump. Can you imagine another 3.5 years of this CRAP ?
And we agree. But the question is ... will there be anything done about it besides a complaint ??? Congress has control, not us. 
Impeachment will NEVER happen as long as Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell are in charge of the Republican Party.
Unless they realize how Trump has damaged the GOP brand.
President Pence is looking better and better right now.
He would be better than Trump BUT Pence has been nothing but a kiss A?S. He was one of the WORST governors INDIANA ever had.
And his career would have been OVER if he hadn't been tapped for @vp. He wouldn't have won reelection. He's terrible.
But for the GOP?
There might be something in Amendment 25 that talks about removing the president but not getting the VP as president.Not sure though.
I've also heard that if Pence is shown to have been involved with the collusion (as he was part of the transition team) he can be removed.
But, DAMN, what a terrible "president" Paul Ryan would make!!!
Kamala thank you for standing for people like me who Republicans have deemed as invisible and just a number to them who does not matter.
I proudly voted for her.
She would make a wonderful president too!
Sorry. She did not impress as San Francisco DA or California Attorney General.
George is a BOT, so no big deal. MAGA= MAKE AMERICA GAG AGAIN. I gag or puke every time I see or hear Trump.
Because you have taste and sense.
NOT TO WORRY BECAUSE @DJTrump45 IS GONNA WISH HE'D NOT FIRED DIR. COMEY & START THIS AS MUELLER HAS A REPUTATION FOR HIS INTEGRITY....
A kakistocracy(English pronunciation:/kækɪsˈtɑkɹəsi/)is a state or country run by the worst, least qualified, or most unscrupulous citizens.
President Trump has sacrificed his personal treasure to do what he is doing for our country, not to enrich himself! What are you even saying
same goes for Senators.
@POTUS doesn't realize that he works for us, that the White House belongs to the people and it is for the people.. he is merely a steward
This has got to be the worst president, we all know that, but he's making lots and lots of money on our backs. Mar-A-Lago made 586 million$!

Bet you know a lot about butt hurt.
My butts fine... how's yours?
Dems are going to be voted out. The people are sick of this nonsense!
HIS FOCUS AND HIS DISCIPLINE AS A SPECIAL PROSECUTOR MAKES HIM FORMIDABLE &HE'LL BE THOROUGH AND @DJTrump45 CAN KEEP TALKING TO THE !
Now legislate and make it a hard and fast law.
Thankfully you get it. Can you help repukicans get it too?
Well WE didnt make dumbald twitler 'president'. It was the repugnant party reps, traitors to our country. REMOVE them from office.
Why are so many Democrats being investigated?
So is it true that kamala is a slut? !!
Totally agree, but that would take a #real president. Not #trump
Right..lol..Dems need to cut the crap and get Back To Work
Dems and Republicans, bipartisan. Not the line that Trump has drawn. According to @EricTrump Dems aren't even people. Please don't start
Being condescending about things. Have you been told bc of your political affiliation you're not human? It's pretty low. Dems got slammed
Just watch as many senate hearing as you can
TRUMP had a TRUMP fundraiser at the TRUMP hotel to raise money for TRUMP supported by #GOP #Republican pty
That is right created more  lies and keep splitting people. How can it be that the opposite side won't support you, no one person. Open eyes
I have been following you because I believe you were different I see it's all sound bite and no true concern for America I was wrong about u
I saw with others that maybe there could be middle ground without the despairing that maybe you all could work together but that not happeng
No running our government for the people is concern. Your party lost and you have thrown a fit since never worked together shameful
But hey you do you the violence was awful and I hoped to see real change but I guess it was only good for 1 game and 2tweets
It's never been about making our country better only about tearing it down until we think like you. We do not all that to think alike
But there is no reason we can't care about each other.
Ivanka's left boob hangs slightly lower than her right one... though her dad's boobs sag below hers, at least they sag symmetrically.
100 % correct. I believe with you in Congress, Start something new, A WING OF HOPE. Genesis 8.. God be with you
Because they have succeeded so well in the past.
Always I said, when a True come, then lie running. Our ideology is beyond for our Beautiful Country
lmaoo ur whole party serves the interest of the elite & Wall Street! Which is y'all lost the house senate & WH! #maga
Run for president Kamala

Perhaps you could do something constructive instead of being a 24/7 obstructionist. You've been there five months and you've achieved zero.
They are not receiving a paycheck from government while you are making yourself rich with taxpayers money
Check your glass house 
Maxine Waters and Kamala Harris Entangled in Shady Scheme
has reportedly paid Waters tens of thousands of dollars to be included on the printed list of endorsements. Check your glass house
Thank you for the work you are doing, Senator! I am grateful for your strong voice & fearlessness! 
Is that Eva Braun?
 who do you think you are fooling?
Coming from you that's pretty funny.  How much money have you given to Maxine Waters?

That's right Kamala the family are crooks!
Very concerned abt DJT admin but weary of the constant media analysis.

Very glad you're on the job. 

**Thank you**
Geez ppl see these news Headlines and go nuts. Obama Admin Faced multiple Law suits as well,they didnt publicize it like they do with Trump.
You dont know what your talking about.
YES. Don the con and the GOP missed the memo.
Good. Keep digging thru this cesspool, don't let up and cleanse our @WhiteHouse and @congressdotgov #Impeach45VP #SpecialElection
In addition to a law suite, can new legislation be brought to prevent this from ever happening again? #EmolumentsClause
Yuk yuk that makes sense let's see salary as Pres versus salary before duh!   Don't be a tool with senseless babbling

And what about racist Senators?
Viva La Kamala-We Love  And Need You 
Traitor.
You would know... you're under investigation with your crony Maxine.  How's that working out for you? http://www.oann.com/watch-sen-harris-campaign-paid-rep-waters-63k-for-endorsements/ …
how did the obama's & the clinton's & their entourages get so rich? kamala harris wants her cut too
Have to wait & see if it happens. Too many lies and/or mistakes in reporting. Can't believe what u read anymore.
Go girl!  Hope to see you as president someday!  Proud that you are a woman, from a rational state and not afraid of bullies!
Is there a member of Congress that isn't a millionaire? They all lined their pockets with Pharmaceutical Lobby money what about the people?
You are a hero for the people Kamala. Please keep up your excellent work. Counting on you
Same could be said for you who only represents the special interests and not your constituents
DT simply cannot get beyond himself - not for innate good, not for country, not for any reason other than to promote himself. Sick and sad.
#Morons
have done or will do proves that they do not govern for the people but themselves. Shame I say, shame.
they take the honourable view that they cannot govern or do their jobs under such circumstances. The fact that neither Trump or his cabinet
In the UK just one of the myriad of scandals surrounding Trump and his cabinet would cause the PM or ministers to resign voluntarily as

Presidents  supposed to be the servants of the people.
Trump TREATS THE PEOPLE AS HIS SERVANTS & Squanders their hard earned money. B Damned
Proud of you!#persist we need you and you have our love and support
Kamala 2020 

a president lawyering up to defend himself from the same institutions he should represent is not president
Sen. Harris, he is just a goon who proves money in politics ultimately succeeded. Removing him will only get us another until this changes.
Are you reading this Mr @realDonaldTrump ??.
The fact that this has to be stated, in 2017, shows the depth of the corruption and disregard for the rule of law perpetrated by this admin.
What a dimwit! Have you ever met Hillary and Bill?
#fakePOTUS is a Russian puppet, we've known this for a while now
tRUMP is a damn THIEF !!!
This is where the Meat of the matter is: Did trump aim his actions as president to benefit himself or his family?  Yes ... please keep at it
Yea Kamala !!!!!
Thank you!!
She's my Senator and I'm very proud of her fortitude.
Kamala for pres 2020!
I'm sure you protested Obama when he went into office in 2008 & left the White House in 2016 significantly richer 
I don't understand the point off a lawsuit. Make a law. Start an investigation. You have more power than this.
Someone needs to put the break pedal on his pay to play rackets
Good start! Criminal filings next?? 
Or worse, the bank accounts of a foreign adversary.
Stay the #strongwoman you are! Don't let those who put power-Party, over country, silence you.
Will someone please explain to Trump, "He is a public servant"..(like a caretaker)..NOT a Dictator. BTW, we also need a functioning congress
What a picture! The Treasonous President with the Slave-Labor Princess! PERFECT TOGETHER!
What's good for golf and bankrupt hotels is Good For America!
Helloooooo
Kamala thank you Keep fighting and hang in there. More women are coming up the ranks to help. #Inspiration to other women
Thank you Sen. Kamala Harris for honorable service and determination in questioning Sessions.
Same is true for Senators.
it is refreshing to read comments by real "thinking" people, keep tweeting people! encourage other likeminded folks we need support!
Well done Kamala! Keep your head high and continue the resistance! Resist cowards,cheats,liars,thieves!
It's 'How To Be President of the USA 1.01'  yet those idiots voted him in and GOP looked the other way to make sure it happened at all cost
Talk is cheap. File a bill requiring presidents to put all their assets except one residence in a true blind trust.
Couldn't agree more. Good news.
He's trying to deliver on what he promised, Why did I vote for you, won't happen again
Don't worry about this idle threat. Russian bots don't vote. Or do they?
You better worry, this Bot voted 3 times for Harris, voter fraud is easy here, just show up, give your neighbors name, vote
That @realDonaldTrump doesn't do that explains his policy towards Cuba.
Should we talk about people who use other people to get positions and sleep their way there
Keep speaking up.  The McCains of this world aren't the only voices that need to be heard!
You are great!  Keep asking the hard questions.
How abt getting the House to bring charges and start impeachment?
Thank you for taking on the boy's club in Washington love hoe you handled the AG.
Marriott and Starwood hotels got screwed by competitor Trump in Cuba reversal.
Dear @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @housedemo
#DoYourFuckingJob & #ImpeachAndIndictTrump #JailTrumpCabal #LockTrumpsUp
#StandUpAgainstFascism
Hillary lost....and you guys are running out of excuses. LOL #MAGA
Bullying a new hotel in Cuba...watch
Hallelujah.
I agree with you @SenKamalaHarris 1,000,000,000 % . I'm with you . Hope you're with me too #DM .
#EmolumentsClause either applies or tacitly derogates, or am I mistaken?
The latest report of profits for the winter White House only shows $37M. So what about all of his other locations and enterprises?
How's Willie?
That's all he's looking out for is His money, he doesn't have a heart I can you believe in the ppl!!
That's a laugh. All of you congressmen as well.
Finally Trump has managed to do something more bigly than any other president.
and California AG should serve justice, not their political special interest groups.
We NEED legislation to define how to enforce emoluments clause
Don't file lawsuits. File legislation!
Why not file legislation?
Amen
Now that you all have filed lawsuits, start working on legislation to prevent this from happening in the first place.  Stand your ground.
So what are you going to do about it? Action please!
So why did Congress enable the doofus to become president? Could have raised doubt abt elect. college vote!
Thank you Senator Harris!
And yet he's getting away with it
I think somehow trump missed that part of the civics lesson. If he ever had a civics lesson
Perhaps some federal legislation with specific delineations is in order?
.@realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump @jaredkushner & family complicit in this fraud.
Cease & desist time. Get a judicial block on to force Republicans to admit the catastrophic mistake of putting Leader Drumph in power
Yes I so agree. No profiting off the tax pAyers
FINALLY
Keep doing a wonderful job
#RoguePOTUStaff says file legislation instead of lawsuits
Apparently, this doesn't apply to Republican presidents named Trump.
Thank you Senator Harris!!  Keep fighting for us!
Sen Harris, when should we expect legislation to curtail this sort of corruption?
You rock.  Cannot wait for you to run for President.
When Rogue is calling you out on your weak stance, lol. They are right, this is a matter of LEGISLATION; not lawsuits.
I agree.  Only thing becoming great is their bank accounts and their egos.   We are not being heard.  Feels like s dictatorship.
Would be nice if we made sure the agenda doesnt get through as opposed to grandstanding. 
Where is the volume on secret ACA repeal meetings?
Thank you for representing the people instead of yourself like many others. I've been waiting on this.
STOP  nepotism
He does NOT care about the people and mentioning us is just a political talking point for him. He is cruel!
That's the problem the president doesn't care of the interests of the American people only cares about himself the republican has to wake up
It should not be this hard to get a conman and criminal out of the white house. We see bad elected officials all over the gov. #betterrules

Take a look at Bannon White Board in WH!
Reveals Trump & Co dismantling Obama legacy & instill GOP/Supremacy Agenda on "We the People"
I hate that man and I'm usually a nice person. Can't wait till this liar and thief is gone.
Presidency= Trumps cash cow
Watching the ENRON documentary on Netflix - there R many lessons abt what NOT to do. One big lesson is the self dealing is bad.
Too much self dealing is going on in this WH.
And yet he's still in office and republicans still back him
I agree with you!!! Unfortunately, it's all on GOP (who are in bed with him) & Ethics to reel Trump & Co in... Don't forget Russia's funding
Absolutely!  Just like senators who spend money for their own interest.

https://twitter.com/Pamela_Moore13/status/875887330904559616 …
It's great to make a talking point, but what are you and your colleagues going to do about it?
USA to #GOP
And the checking accounts of their individual family members #nepotism
You are a badass @SenKamalaHarris
I agree, but then isn't this the goal for most Presidents and Congress people!Most #POLITICIANS become millionaires AFTER elections! Hello?
America needs you to run for POTUS in 2020.
Trump bridge is falling down, falling down, falling down.  Trump bridge is falling down my fair lady!
You are doing a great job. The males are threatened. That in itself says a lot.  the excellent questions you ask & how you handle yourself
The sad thing is, he seems to treat the US Budget like his personal checking account.  No matter if it hurts people.
Oh self righteous one; BO and HRC came to office broke -they said- and now oh thou of much self-how does that fit? Who were they serving?
I wonder what your net worth is. I'll bet it's a lot higher than most of your constituents' net worth. Such a hypocrite!
But we can never track it without his tax returns!
or Putin's checking account
Trump seems to think the US Treasury is his own personal piggy bank. It's no wonder why he said he would donate his salary...
Remember when you fought against early release so that you could force inmates to fight dangerous wildfires? 
#Resist #Resistance #LetHerSpeak
I find your record of service confusing.
@SenKamalaHarris you have inspired me and gave me hope that justice will be served to him, his family and his cabinet. Thank God 4 you.
Where were you on HRC? What a fraud and hypocrite you are
