And let's not forget,  he was always the gentleman.  Never let anyone say anything bad about his opponents.
Classy. And yes, truly an American hero.
https://twitter.com/tangled_iv/status/887624450358771712 …
Absolutely, senator. God speed.
Pity about his voting record, though.
Not appropriate right now. Another time.
It's also not appropriate to try and force a vote to take healthcare away from 23 million americans.
I'm with you. And, this is not the tweet stream for having a political discussion. Not appropriate.
I agree. Let's keep the issues separate. Today, we pray for a human being recovery.
When do we pray for the millions that are sick?
We never stopped!
How's that working out?
Is he really a hero to you?
Except for when he was so obnoxiously rude to you.
If John McCain would have beat Obama I would have spent that 4 yrs worried, What is that idiot Palin was doing? Not like this Trump crap.
Trump is his own Palin. (With the ethics of Nixon.)
Plz get well soon McCain
I like hero's who don't get hit with cancer, said someone never
You like him as long as he works towards your evil agenda but if he was a Conservative you'd be mute on his recovery...
Your ignorance is staggering. Sen. McCain is a staunch conservative.
The liberal trolls are doing the insult and block maneuver...
If you can't stand the heat get out of the kitchen I guess!
I cannot help but wonder how @realDonaldTrump would have fared as a POW..had his serious foot boo boo not necessitated his 5 deferments ..
whatevs...
for John McCain.  still needs him, desperately at this time in history
Wow sounds like you may be a little himan
Don't worry guys I know he will pass through this in God's name ,with God everything is possible,he's a fighter and a great hero
Trump should B ashamed of himself what he said that McCain shouldn't have been caught he will burn in hell for that horrible Thing. #Karma
We can say the same to him soon. We like traitors And mob guys thst don't get caught.
Different political views, similar goal: Create opportunities for a better life. That's the kind of politician we can work with. GET WELL!
Wife of Navy combat vet here - McCain has, by his own actions, gone from hero to ZERO
Heroes don't deny other people healthcare, and don't talk down to black women Senators.
Hummmm, saw this, wonder what karma is doing nowdays.
The Republicans eat their own. Do not trust them
Agreed, @SenJohnMcCain is a true hero and my thoughts are with him too.
Yes, I'm praying for John McCain
Why do you support civil asset forfeiture?
I checked to make sure this was a fair representation of Harris. Here's her opposition to AB-639, a 2011 asset forfeiture reform bill: 

Agreed!!!!! John McCain is a great man and a Great American and I do wish him well and a complete and total recovery.
This man took his licks.  And came back to fight for Democracy and what he believed in.  Just like John Lewis,  Elijah Cummings and others.
He fought fair. That lost him the game.
American hero? WTF?! Kamala..you remember the Keating 5? Daaaaayam! Dems truly are just Republicunt lite. What abt. the mfker's votes!?
Think about single payer whole you're at it.
Democratic slogan #TABA Take America Back Again.  Love it!
John McCain is the only Republican who stands up to @realDonaldTrump and for the American people. We pray for your recovery  We need a hero!
Absolutely my hero my inspiration
I am Praying for @SenJohnMcCain A Wonderful Person Who is An American Hero Who I voted For President in 2008 Amen!
He has GREAT healthcare INSURANCE via taxpayers AND he is rich.
Praying for @SenJohnMcCain and his family.
We are all thinking of him and wishing him a speedy recovery
#Kamala2020
Amen !!
Nice sentiment, thanks.  Thanks also for not adding anything about his horrible trump support.

God Bless You @SenJohnMcCain & Please Get Well Soon THANK YOU for being a role model in integrity, patriotism and heroism.#AroundTheWorld
Now would be chance for @realDonaldTrump to act presidential & publicly apologize to John McCain & all POWs, incl my Dad
And Gold Stars too
I don't mean this in a snarky way, but as a sincere heartfelt sentiment. I think it would mean a great deal to Sen. McCain & his family

Yes, he's a true fighter and an American hero. Praying for Senator McCain. I don't wish this on anyone.
Hero or not, the man is a traitor and a warmonger who profited off death. That said I will pray for him, love him in Christ!
John helped Me and My Family once, and I will never forget. He is a brave and stoic man.Fortunately, because he's a Senator,#HealthcareFREE!
Lol he is not a hero he had to receive Presidential  pardon dor treason leave it to criminal party to call him a hero 

Vietnam song bird
The on of three Republicans I have complete respect for. McCain is in my prayers
If more Democrats had half your class pretty lady!
Lol. Two faced liar.
@MLB Game @Nationals Washington vs @Angels LAA
A American Hero who Distinguished himself, country  with courage, strength a strong will not to be broken prayers with you & your family
Brought to tears!
My Family faced formable diagnosis w/father
brother in law
Wishing McCain/family courage,strength,grace
praying for them!
thank you ... Miss Harris .. you give us a lot of hope... for the future
Well said my future President!
As a cancer survivor I was already suspicious due to proximity to the melanoma he had. I'll light a candle for him tonight.
Can you imagine an ordinary citizen needing this kind of help and having to deal with PREEXISTING CONDITIONS  AND COVERAGE CAPS???
Thoughts and prayers, very difficult news for he and his family. John will fight with faith and fervor as he has always done - be well.
Amen
I'm always touched when we can reach across the party lines and be kind to someone in a difficult time. God bless him and his loved ones
I wish him well. I hope he has an epiphany, rethinks taking healthcare away from MILLIONS, denying them any hope for life saving treatment.
Classy response
If anyone can beat this, it's him.  Fight on, Mr. Senator
He's one tough SOB, and considering his mom is still alive at 105, I've no doubt he can give cancer a run for it's money
Yes he is.  He's wicked strong.  Fight on, @SenJohnMcCain
Yes, he is. It's not about party's , is about a person that dedicated his life to America.
You are a class act! John McCain is a good man!
Our prayers & thoughts are w/JM & family. If anyone can beat this disease, John can!
Thoughts and prayers for Sen.McCain and family !
Ditto Kamala 20/20. You rock lady
Prayers and only good and fantastic thoughts for his family.
He's a good man.
My politics differ from McCain but we share a love for this country. He IS a war hero. Both of my brothers served in Viet Nam. Stay strong.
You can disagree with McCain on policy but at least he is principled.  Not perfect but stands for country.
My Dad was treated for GBM & passed. I know that he&mom would've gone bankrupt if he was treated in USA. Thx 4your fight 4healthcare reform.
Classy statement from a Senator was disrespected by certain GOP Senators.
John McCain is in my thoughts and prayers!  He is a very good man and I pray he gets better!  Our country need more leaders like him!
Thanks to the ACA for the great health care he is receiving.
Pols are all the same. Venom for all until their opponent is dead, then "honorable patriot blah blah blah"
KAMALA FOR PRESIDENT!!.....(sorry I get excited easy)
Great American who I don't always agree with.  America over party.  Whether I agree or not -what made this country great. Godspeed
Sad. My Dad passed away from that.
Me too.

Aging is not for the feint of heart.@SenJohnMcCain  best wishes and thank you for serving our country. Now fight: preserve & fix  the ACA.
Agreeable about The Armed Service Chairman, Sen. John McCain, may he recover in GOD'S  Speed. And may The Lord give strength to the family.
10:15pm @ESPN @MLB Game @Nationals Washington vs @Angels LAA,Watching Now
Not just a politician but a very good human.
I have many disagreements with Sen. McCain, but in his heart he is a good man. God bless him for what I hope is a full recovery.
Well said. 
Why does it take a tragedy to get any measure of bipartisan support for anyone or anything.
Kamala, PLEASE run for POTUS in 2020!
run
Great man - our prayers are with him and with his family.
Thankfully he has health insurance. Cadillac Health insurance.
1.) savings and loan 2.) he is the one that interrupts. Some people are to classy for their own good.
I might not agree with his politics but I grieve for he & his family. A statesman the founding fathers would applaud.
Are these the same people who would fund marijuana and other better practices for patients wth hypocrites we need better medicine,organics
Don't even try to count on CA Illegal Alien vote. We are watching and reporting!
Bot begone
 to his family.  This is going to be difficult but, right or left, we need to support them after his lifetime of service to the USA 
Beautiful words 
Senator John McCain is a fighter. Love this quote from him:  Courage is not the absence of fear, but the capacity to act despite our fears.
He copied it from another source.
A true hero to so many.
Amen!
Too bad he died on our watch.  It's as though we had the power to do something but didnt!
I believe he is alive and fighting this. Wishing him health and a speedy recovery 
Thank God he has the government insurance his party is trying to deny to his fellow citizens.
Not appropriate at this time. Despite our party, he is still a statesman. #respect
When is it appropriate to have government insurance for yourself and deny it to others?
Yes, indeed he is a hero. Fought for his country and was a POW. I wish him well & a speedy recovery.
God Bless him & his family 
Yes he is. A very good and ethical republican senator for Arizona. I him the best.
Oh no, is he not recovering?
They found a cancerous brain tumor during his op. :(
Ugh, I just read that, dang.
