I'm off today but it must be said that YOUR White House is taking away YOUR right to see and hear YOUR government answer questions today
Drama Kamala drama
I think maybe sledge-hammering away is more like it
@Acosta And the Republican enablers.
More like crushing them with a wrecking ball.
Don't let their hatefilled words and disrespect get you down
Please PLEASE don't let this Greedy sociopath destroy all my mother spent her life fighting for. Lanterman Act, ADA, full school inclusion.
ONLY what Congress allows. Only what the Judicial Allows. Only what The Press Allows. Complicity is the abdication here.#Trump is Zero Power
What do we do
Ms. Harris, you are right. It's absolutely shameful.
I believe it's a sledgehammer.
you mean democrats are the party of violence and hate.No wonder why your losing.Obama and his corrupt admin are finally being investigated
Does anyone care? Doesn't seem like it.
@GOP AND @realDonaldTrump ARE NOT upholding the Constitution, they put CASH over the people. Time to STOP THEM #ImpeachTrump #TheResistance
It's not possible that this bill is humane? It's more inhumane and rotten, put together by rotten men.
@Acosta The media is enabling the WH. Like petulant child, stop allowing WH to set the rules. Boycott the press conference
Agreed all you get are lies & obfuscation he craves attention stop covering him directly. Cameras off will set him off
The US has become a dictatorship. The GOP and president have become the new terrorist group with their bills, ideals, etc. Speak up everyday
I called your office. I cried. Now what do I do?
Exactly my question to all
Gettem Karmala this rich old white guys are scared to death of a powerful women I find it sexy as hell
Americans-Stand up for your country, exercise your personal power & VOTE, VOTE, VOTE for people who will represent OUR needs,not the wealthy
We need a NO CONFIDENCE VOTE like Britain when our officials are not serving the people!!! So dangerous. Impeach Trump & @SenateMajLdr
CALI-QUACK
Yes, resist!!
Instead of tweeting about it, LEAD the way for ALL "journalists" to WALK OUT. . DO YOUR JOB and stop being part of the propa
HINT: WE HAVE A REPUBLIC, NOT A DEMOCRACY! READ THE CONSTITUTION. YOU SHOULD KNOW WHAT THE LAW SAYS ALREADY FOR THE POSITION YOU HOLD! ?
pic.twitter.com/qPgqMIkXih
While those despicable crooked GOP members just sit there do nothing other than support the most crooked MOBSTER in American POTUS history.
U r 100% correct! Then they wonder why ordinary people r going postal! U can't make the stone bleed & like it too!
More like “hacking” away at them....
What are the pillars that hold up our democracy?
By using a jackhammer.
What have we wrought?
And you can blame Mitch McConnell. He is behind all things Despicable. He will be written in books under topic: Heartless
And nothing can be done. Elections are rigged. Country will not return 2 sanity even after Trump/McConnell. We will march on,despite evil.
@Acosta simpletons who said that President Obama was a dictator love a real onr
Shutting down the press is the first step toward oppression.Beware stupid Americans. His rhetoric turns u against them-Next - shut it down
Yup......resistance efforts are somewhat successful, but some legal means needs to be found to stop this nonsense
#ZeroTransparency in Trump Administration
So what's to stop WH press from staging their own protest? Time to go to 60's tactics e.g., sit-ins, obstructing hallways, etc. Fight it!!
It's easily discernible that trumpov isn't interested in being POTUS, but that he wants to be a Dictator, like heroes Putin & Kim Jong-Un.
So, how can they be stopped???
How about some sort of Presidential Transparency bill? As Americans we have a right to know the President's daily actions.
And all it takes to kill freedom is a signature on a piece of paper...
@Acosta the bias press is useless the POTUS can go directly to the people
Yes @SenKamalaHarris & thank you for your advocacy.
Scary, huh?
I don't know how much longer! I don't know why they are so determined to destroy this country
And supported by people who pretend they don't vote Republican.
Completely agree with you Sen. Harris nothing short of!
Not your. OUR.
One day I hope and pray enough people will say No More.
And everyday that passes the US is being 'deconstructed' . This refusal to address this head on gives Putin Trump more time to weaken us.
@lizeraly All of Trump's behavior screams "treason."
He's becoming too authoritarian for me.
Something needs to be done urgently/expeditiously. We cannot continue on this path. This shouldn't be happening in America. #3rdWorldCountry
Thanks to all those folk that were duped by 45! We all gotta be subject to his narcissism! 45 mission is 2DESTROY America NOW..#FarFromGreat
Only if we let them. Which we won't.
one pillar the Dems are destroing are the national immigration laws, established in the Constitution
With a bulldozer.
Wanting Americans to "see no evil, hear no evil, speak no evil" of administration? Too many acts of stupidity already on video forever
What a garbage stmt. The WH does these briefings as a courtesy and can use any format they want. Lying CNN is making it to be an obligation
please fight for the journalists / press covering the White House, it is completely unfair that their not allowed to use MODERN equipment.
Bulldozing, you mean.
Once this nightmare is over & we have House & Senate back in 2018, please put in legislation to curtail presidential power. You mk us proud.
A worthy piece of COMMENTARY at http://www.GETAnalysis.ca  called: Republican Dysfunction - Democrats Self Flagellationpic.twitter.com/Bx5XOQ4Ovb
Like Obama did too. Hypocrisy at its height.
Kamala we need to fight by tooth & nail every little chip they try to take away. Never in my 66 years did I think I'd ever see this.
What are you going to do about it?pic.twitter.com/MAWulIUwDi
The sooner Mueller indicts, the better.
@siaayrom Exactly and that's why we need your voice, Senator Harris, now more than ever.
They are termites - after going through Lincoln's log cabin, they are now going after the whole country.
What a vile lie Kamala! Shame on you!
For people like Mitch McConnel and Paul Ryan this is what they've always dreamed of. If evil exists they embody it.
No real loss since this WH does not answer questions. If the do give an answer, it is a lie.
True, and the Republican Congress are pilot fish gobbling up the pieces.#DemocracysEnd
We have to consolidate our efforts to fight back and hard. If not, they will steamroll all of us.
#completelyridiculous
Why is GOP leadership protecting this insane Prez ? Putin must hold some power over GOP leaders otherwise this insane clown be out by now.
But...but...leaks
And yet still expect media suppression in countries like turkey, russia and north korea to stop anytime soon #shame
Thank you for speaking the truth and fighting for us!
We are turning into a dikkktatorship, & Congress is letting it happen. GOP Congress is welcoming it. #Unacceptable #UpholdTheConstitution
No my dear Sen. Harris. Dems & Reps under Zionist control have chipped away our democracy since 1913. Public record Pres. Woodrow Wilson.pic.twitter.com/WnkP3O6aYv
Keep your voice heard Mr. Acosta. It is needed. We need the press to be our eyes, ears AND voice sometimes.. Thank you.
You get a day off?
@mswindy12 Chipping???? More like bulldozing!!!
The world is overcrowded- no room left for Republicans.
This is wrong in so many ways it must be stopped now. Hair on fire if need be.
Your Voting Now; Senate Assembly Floor; Clerk Reading Desk.,TRUTH
The. SENATOR from Florida !! ,TRUTH
45 wll hv destroyed America by th time hs term is up it wll be worse than any war torn 3rd world country hollowed out & barren
What pillars? The taxes that pay your salary or the freeloader and/or impressionable voters that assure your JOB?
True Indeed Sis!! Peace
Why does no reporter ask the question of why this is happening?
Not America! This is beyond disgus
Thank you for having the forthright integrity to say what we're experiencing. Your validation gives us hope. We need you.

Isn't it time to call for impeachment yet? Hasn't he done enough damage? When will this hell stop?
That's why they must go, and now! #Impeach45 #LockHimUp
Secret healthcare process. President installed by a foreign power. Press access curtailed. What you've got here folks is a coup d'état.
The Obama admin had to be sued to get info under FOIA so again your hypocrisy is showing.
Same tactics they are using towards Russia investigation!
Get out there and deliberate with other Senators. Make feel the pain millions of Americans will feel if this passes.
Let's not forget the millions who have fought and died for our freedom. This is our home. This is our country.
Rights are being taken away rapidly. What will prevent us from becoming Russia or North Korea? Who can stop it in time? Seriously.
What?! Get mental help please!
Sneaking across the woods trying not to snap twigs.
WE ARE A REPUBLIC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1111111
Yes, we must uphold these pillars! "Sitting before the senators that day were two women of color…”https://www.nytimes.com/2017/06/22/opinion/kamala-harris-islamism-senate-hearing.html …
yes!! oh yes, please do play the gender/race card!! Guarantees 8yrs of #MAGA!!
#ToxicTrump is poisonous to the American people, society, and our democracy. He has endangered each and every American life! #DoSomeething
Sledgehammer.
Seriously though, how long are we going to let this dangerous experiment go on?
YOU know it!
The White House is not a monarchy and the press has the duty to stand up to this abuse of power
at least everybody is peaceful & not shutting down the country w/ destructive protest u know cuz that never resulted in power being checked
With all due respect, Senator. Since Nixon the @TheDemocrats have whined from the sidelines while sitting around & letting it get to this.
Democracy conducted behind close doors, in secret, without debate, and absent a free press...is not Democracy at all...
And this is why the Dems need to coalesce into one united front with a mandate that everyone can get behind to stop this insanity! Now!
Is this the new norm for the USA!? Why is this allowed? No cameras for press briefings
@SenKamalaHarris @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats what is being done about this and blatant censorship of disabled outside McConnell's office?
It's frightening to learn the rule of law is only as strong as those who will enforce it.
And you are going to do something to stop that right?
How do we stop it and what can we do?
Aided and abetted by a GOP that seems to be in favor of that! We can't ever let them escape their responsibility in this!
So sad!pic.twitter.com/gdhw8Tookl
Constituent here, pretty freaked out about what is happening to our democracy.
THEN SUE
What are you going to do about it @SenKamalaHarris ?!
Chipping way at our moral being is more like it.
Seems more like it's a jackhammer.
