Anyone else find it suspicious that hundreds of immigrants get deported by ICE a week before the deadline?
They need to be in by October 3rd!!! #DACA #DACAprotest #DACAsponsor
And then keep fingers crossed that the government does not shut down the post office on Oct 5th. I would not put it past this admin.
Post office is no longer run by the government.
Ahh, thanks. But...is it vulnerable to being closed the week that this paperwork is due? Influenced by the current administration?
Do it Dreamers!
If it were that important to them would they really need a reminder?
And if DACA is abolished, then ICE has all their info? I don't know if I would do this if I were a dreamer.
Unfortunately if they don't they are immediately illegal. Lose/lose for them. 
I'm not sure people are going to be confident they won't be put in one of those internment camp/immigration detention centers of death
The government already has their info from their initial application. There shouldn't be any harm in renewing it at this point.

U need more than 2 days!mail on sat Sept 30th need 5 days!
It's time we treat immigrants as HUMAN BEINGS. Where's the legislation to give these folks citizenship?
Send them certified mail
Tomorrow! I am so nervous!
How to Renew DACA permits
by October 5th deadline!
Need 3 forms + $ for the fees
#DefendDREAMers #DefendDACA #DACA
https://www.uscis.gov/humanitarian/consideration-deferred-action-childhood-arrivals-process/renew-your-daca …
@sjkerr123 Two days isn't nearly enough time. Sometimes, I don't receive mail 4 a wk.
could be a trap to send your address to ICE.
Not enough time with changes at USPO. Can take 10 days for a letter from rural New York to arrive in another state.  Send them priority.
Yeah, I don't know where they have to go but I'd say a week.. :) why not today? How important is the issue to those needing help. Do it now
Do it now and fed ex asking it be signed 4. 2 days by mail?
Two days? You don't use USPS much, do you?
You and Obama sure do go the extra mile for everybody but Blacks 
I suggest the send it by registered mail.
Attention DACA slugs!!!
Send all correspondence to:
Dept. of Immigration and Customs Enforcement
500 12th St, SW
Washington, D.C. 20536
COULD U PLEASE RUN FOR POTUS
Yes pls, so we can track you and arrest you. TY
Personally, I would send them certified mail, signature required.
I understand you have requested that Taxpayers pay for the stamps for the envelopes, and clerical help to complete the applications?
Certified mail return receipt requested too.
Reminder: http://amzn.to/2xOcVO1 
I recommend you start taking care of this problem
Send the Dregs with their parents home. Deport the Dregs!
Remove the birthright to citizenship for Illegals! Do not allow dual citizenship!
That's cutting it close, isn't it? I would mail mine by Oct. 1st if in same situation.
Senator,  Please send a new tweet with a more realistic time line. 2 days likely won't work unless it is sent overnight.

Anyone who thinks something mailed on the 3rd will arrive by the 5 th doesn’t live in reality
Send them registered for proof of receipt.
#NeverTrumpHillaryism Did we accept? DeporterInChief? DJT deports fewer immigrants than @POTUS44  includes criminals
@MAFpajarito still has DACA renewal scholarships available nationally! Apply ASAP, but no later than Fri 9/29 ->
Mail them certified signature required as well, this way trumps govt can't say they never received it
YES 
Kamala trying to garner as many illegal democrat votes as possible
you expect them to pay postage?  Xenophobe
Delivery confirmation Priority Mail
Yes, do that so INS knows exactly where to find you.
Congress should help young Legal Immigrant Dreamers too. #H4DREAMERS #DREAMACT #FAIRNESS4LEGALS
With all respect Senator, the USPS needs more than 2 days. They really should be mailed out by Saturday, 9/30!
Ummm, have you mailed anything in the last 30 years?
I'd mail it at least a week before. Two days is not enough time.
Send them certified for proof
ATTENTION DREAMERS!

1. Mail your applications NOW, overnighted w return receipt
2. Fax a copy, if possible
3. Keep ID w you at all times
ATTENTION DREAMERS!!!!!
RT RT RT RT RT RT RT RT RT RT RT RT RT
This is their home. They were raised in the USA.  Most only know the US. They didn't break the law by choice, or have a choice. This is home
Don't waste time on the xenophobe
If they have to be actually received (as opposed to postmarked) by Oct 5 I would mail tomorrow.
Thank you for the advice madame! I dream of a seat for #Nambia at the United Nations. I will be sure to mail the UN application by Oct 3.
you have to mail your directly to the president
"President of the United States, Ms. Kamala Harris"....sounds SO GOOD
Prez.i dunno...but Attorney General..YESSUH!
No, anybody can be an Attorney General...Hell, they made Jeff Sessions an Attorney General.
I feel you my friend...Apparently anybody can be President too...
Kamala: the USPS can take a WEEK these days for standard 1st class mail.  They need to mail tomorrow!!!
Don't depend on US Postal service, mail them tomorrow, overnight them if you can, signature required. Whatever it takes! Good luck everyone!
Most feel that's a trap- just like the ones who showed up at ICE following the rules were deported- they are scared to do
Oh brother. Any "recommendations " for US citizens who want to lower personal taxes, attend college?  Oh sorry, wrong political party
As the spouse of someone who was only eligible for a green card bc of 245i seems sunset provision, I strongly cosign this. #SaveDACA
People R/T the hell out of this. Get the word out.
Speaking of dreamers, Republican candidate Roy Moore in Alabama was asked what he thought about it & he REALLY didn't even know what it is.
Lol. These dreamers were too lazy to timely apply for citizenship. What makes u think they'll get the applications in on time?  Dream on

But not for postal advisor.  2 days?? Jeeesh.
USPS is too slow. Send them sooner.
Good lord--I wouldn't wait till October 3!!!!!
MAKE SURE YOU GET  HAND POST MARKED AT THE POST OFFICE
NOTE THE DATE & TIME IT IS STAMPED OR SCREEN SHOOT
 IT 4 PROOF
#DREAMERS  #PROACTIVE
I recommend that the f*ckin' leader of this country be in jail by then!!!
What happens if people don't reregister?It's a roll of the dice at this point. What a sadistic monster. You could be signing a death warrant
Use Priority Mail with tracking if at all possible.  First Class lags by a day, so you may miss the deadline.
I would mail mine today!!!

Dreamers
Adios!!!
Please help remove the Jones Act so the 3,000 shipping containers in PR can get to the people.
Trump's shippers http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/trump-puerto-rico-jones-act-maria_us_59cc281ee4b05063fe0ef7ec?ncid=engmodushpmg00000004 …

https://waragainstallpuertoricans.com/2016/07/09/90-pounds-of-cocaine-discovered-on-a-boat-owned-by-the-family-of-mitch-mcconnell-the-majority-leader-of-the-u-s-senate/ …

https://www.thenation.com/article/mitch-mcconnells-freighted-ties-shadowy-shipping-company/ …

http://worldtruth.tv/90-pounds-of-cocaine-found-on-cargo-ship-owned-by-anti-drug-senators-family/ …
Consider paying extra for priority delivery with online tracking. Here are some affordable options:
This country needs a smart tough woman in the Oval.
Send certified nail!
Cuz you need those votes!
And send registered
Get a receipt.
Well, given my experience, you might want to stipulate they NOT us USPS. Are u suggesting FedEx? Even UPS won't guarantee a letter in 2 days
Im a mailman. OCTOBER 2ND
Mail takes more than 2 days in most parts.  Heck, I get mail addressed to people all over my neighborhood.  Mail earlier, certified.
ICE ICE Baby
@gmo1stmimi  DREAMers  mail APPLICATIONS NOW, no later than OCTOBER 3rd, 2017!!!  
OCTOBER 5th RECEIVED BY DEADLINE!!! 
DREAMers
Do it NOW!!!!!!
I'd do it sooner than that. Two days delivery is iffy.
Why is it that every refugee conversation ends with a defense of "but we have ppl at home in need!" Then those same ppl cut social programs?
Make sure they supply their address for our database
Bayomon need help senator fuel caracaio also help..
Mission asset fund helped pay for ours!
@USPS is delayed in sending BILLIONS of pieces of mail. Send @FedEx or @UPS!!
Please watch and tell me how Open Borders helps OUR kids?
Check out @FoxNews's Tweet:
.@TuckerCarlson: 'Elites Fail to Grapple With What It Means' to Open Borders to Millions #Tucker http://bit.ly/2yImFYp  
October 3rd is late!
You should recommend return receipt too. Next-day is not a bad choice either!
Thanks for reminding them to stay woke. We can't lose site 8f the dream.
Make a copy! Send registered! Send earlier!
Yes the U.S. government isn't really broke it has acres of money trees. Sign up & get your free money, why not Amercans can't have it!
Are you talking about DACA recipients or Illegal Aliens?
I'd mail it a hell of a lot earlier than that and register it.
Insane that a US congressperson is reminding illegal Aliens who broke American Law when to file for an unconstitutional order.
Traceable Mail (certified, registered, overnight) keep receipt and proof that application was received
Puerto Rico needs help now Senator!
Send it FedEx and request receipt
When it comes to the Democrats, rest assure FRAUD is alwsys top of their Agenda..Anything for a VOTE.. They would sell their own Mother..
Thank you sooo much for your support
Yes please
gotta get them dem votes
DREAMers can't vote.... but you knew that, right?
Please run in 2020
Yes, run to Syria and stay there!
Two day mail delivery?  Where is that? My area takes 4-5, business days.  Don't wait.
I like this advice better:
No one said they could
I'd be afraid of the Gestapo knocking at my door after giving that orange Ahole my information. Best of luck to ya dreamers
#WednesdayWisdom: To report illegal aliens, please call the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) at 1-866-DHS-2-ICE
Alan - Only the descendants of slaves who immigrated are okay huh?
Where is the bill?
im so proud of the work u r doing.
Oh,this yoyo to the rescue of this lot. Forget the citizens of her failing state. Quick, get in those applications so U 2can get a free ride
What about providing help for those in #Houston that had no flood insurance first #Harvey
Even better send them by registered mail or priority with a return receipt of some sort or tracking.
Priority mail via USPS is totally unreliable. NOT guaranteed. My first (& last) "priority" mail took 2 weeks to be delivered. No refund.
Pass a Dream Act already!
That requires a bill ding dong
And your point? Other than the one on the top of your head?
Yes
This is why you have to pass a test to become a citizen #BREAKING
A dreamer would not ask this of our country! I assume MS13 are pretty good lobbyists of yours. #KatesLaw
A dreamer wouldn't ask to have a job and go to school? Most MS13 are US citizens. #RacistLaw
Assuming they can read and write.
Is there a postmark standard? Or will they claim that everything mailed after today was too late?
You mean illegals
Be careful sending papers using a signature needed service, ie. next day air.  If you send to a PO box there is no one there to sign for it and that could make it late to deliver.
Thanks for joining tweeter
But then ICE has all of their info!  Seems risky to me given current admin.
True but if they don't they take the chance of being deported. So I would say mail them in.
Better do it by tomorrow trumps going close mail delivery like he did with health care site
No it's true he scheduled maintenance to make sign up for Obama care difficult for many...
Or we watch the heartless racists implode go to jail you name it the days of your kind being acceptable are over
You ever watch the movie the help? They didn't think they were racist either yes your kind who pretend not to be but attack anything 4 them
With delivery confirmation!!!
Agree
get your name on the list, quickly.
Trump needs to know where you live.
Can i suggest use return receipt certified its a small charge but you have proof
Yes! YOUR tweet notification @SenKamalaHarris, 1min ago, TRUTH,
3:52pm 2/2 I hope you went ONLINE being for my PRIORITY MAIL, @ABCSTUDIOS New York, @SenKamalaHarris, Again 1 min.ago your tweet post.TRUTH
4:08pm.@SenKamalaHarris, U.S. Senate your second vote down, sitting in very back of Senate Chamber; talked to Senators. Your Shoe.
8:45pm CT.  @SenKamalaHarris (Family) TRUTH
8:52pmct  @TCM.Turner Classics , Movie: SEALED CARGO, changed from.@MLB Game, @SenKamalaHarris, (Family) TRUTH
10:30pm CT. @TCM ch. Turner Classic Movie: Drama ,  McQ  ; @SenKamalaHarris,  intermission mins now
12:26am Goodnight PRAYERS, @SenKamalaHarris
Thanks for standing up for DREAMERS today!
All "Dreamers" deserve the real American dream not the crap trump is spewing from his windbag
why do they "deserve" anything?
They were smuggled in by criminals, how does this commend deserving something?
Can't answer the question, huh.
If you weren't a bot trying to destroy any hopeful Democratic candidate the world might respect you.
