Why support a weak sauce bill with no clear purpose or substance. Don't u think this is damaging while GOP is still after Obamacare??
"Weak sauce?" You must be speaking of the ACA, right?
Nope, ACA can be fixed, this one won't even see the light of day.. just a stupid bait for u Bernsters..
You know, Dems used to actually fight for things. You are living proof that's not true any longer.
If wasting time on stupid bills is ur idea of fighting u really deserve Trump..
And it's calling single payer a "stupid bill" that will get you Trump again in 2020. EVERY other major nation has it. You don't get that.
I'm from one of those nations and know how it actually works. Ur false assumptions won't help. You won't even remember this bill soon..
And that nation is? What false assumptions? Your tweets are so full of projection, it's laughable.
http://thehill.com/policy/healthcare/350490-insurers-rail-against-sanders-healthcare-plan?amp …
Are you truly ready to fight for the American people?
How do you plan to make it happen?  Is your fairy godmother working overtime or just pandering without practicality.
same way anything happens in politics. people decide it should happen
Right now go out and elect a Dem majority Congress and another President.  Otherwise it isn't going to happen.
better to throw a tantrum about it like you instead huh
Since when is advising the election of Democrats "throwing a tantrum".  Without a plan and action nothing happens except talk.
"the opposition shouldn't propose policy ideas, since they're not in power at this moment" ~ you
That isn't what I said.  I said to go elect the people you will need to get it done rather than just talk about it.
single payer's exactly as viable as any other potential Democratic policy while Democrats are out of power. yet you mocked it
I think Bernie could of done well not dividing The Democratic Party. His tactics suck ! He has some good issues, but he damaged our party !
Think about the country over party.
I'm talking about winning for the good of this great country, dude ! Figure it out yourself !
Much appreciated. You put it better than I could.
Thanks bro ! 
I was referring to @RoryWalkerEsq sorry for the miscommunication
Historical note: for decades @JohnDingell and his father introduced a national health insurance bill every year in Congress.
Agree-But why even mention one of the 10.000 plus gods in this? Medicine is science. And science is pursuit of knowledge. Health is a right
.... to co-sponsor BERNIE SANDERS @SenSanders Bill....
Ok but who is going to pay for the millions of Americans who have no job?? The overburdened middle class??? Cmon get real
Senator, from another country with the safety of cradle-to-grave medical care for all citizens, I want to thank you, and wish you godspeed.
Thank you Sen Harris. Please also push for #SB562 to guarantee healthcare in your home state. Make CA a leader for other states to follow.
Medicare is cheaper & more efficient then private health insurance. Only thing it lacks is huge profits for private companies. People over $
Medicaid has approximately $60 billion cost of fraud each year.  That's efficient?
You don't think there is fraud in private insurance? Gov does need to step up fraud investigation. Still Medicare simpler & so cheaper.
Why not discuss the funding? ACA was funded by stealing from Fannie Mae & Freddie Mac shareholders. We are not a banana republic!
wow, you trolls are all out today.
Why not discuss the funding? ACA was funded by stealing from Fannie Mae & Freddie Mac shareholders. We are not a banana republic!
Don't mind name calling, but please explain how this is going to be funded. ACA wasn't funded by Congress. Treasury resorted to theft.
Do your research, How does the USA pay for endless wars? Taxes
Yes, but ACA was not funded by Congress. Treasury nationalized Fannie Mae & Freddie Mac. Confirmed by @stevenmnuchin1 to @MariaBartiromo
Thank you Senator Harris.  We can do this
I have Medicare and some things about it need to be improved or it won't work for everyone.  There is currently, no dental, no vision care.
it's hilarious that people are so permanently brain damaged by the 2016 primary that they think this is a bad thing
Fighting for ACA is the focus now. Bernie isn't a Dem save ACA.Fight for healthcare when it's ready and pays for itself as an public option.
Ppl have to see the public option success.It has to be self sustaining.Stop the slogans. isn't Europe or Canada we need our own solutions.
Are you saying we're less capable than Europe and Canada?  Why do you hate Americans and want them to die of preventable illness?
@SenKamalaHarris devils in the details #HowDoWePayForIt
For all? Does this include those not here legally?
Tell pelosi she can just sign it she does mot have to read it! Time to take insurance companies out of healthcare.
There are a lot of things missing from Medicare, than you are probably used to getting.  There's no dental, vision or hearing coverage.
For what it's worth, those things are covered by the proposed bill.
That works for me.  Thank you.
So many dumb politicians, it is unbelievable. Medicare comes with a cost, it is not free. This Socialist project, is very disingenuous.
spoiler alert, Ryan

u just lost the 2024 primary to Ted Cruz's daughter, who hates being near him and told Fox News u "smell funny"
She's only more popular, since she's a hypocrites daughter.
exactly

she's suffered enough

u can't generate the same pathos
Not to mention, you need to be atleast 35 to be eligible to run for office. You have no idea what I've been through.
but ur dad isn't ted cruz

check mate, liberals
My dad is a Conservative Christian, I haven't seen or heard from in 13 years.

BTW I'm a true Independent, unlike Bernie 'Socialist' Sanders

My profile says #NeverKamala. This isn't gonna do it for me.....
I was denied Medicare as a Veteran why?#hategroup
You know what would also be nice? For Congress to, oh I don't know, actually work like most Americans?
Where do we sign up for that. I'm onboard!
Now let's make it the "Law of the Land"!

take a page from the Republican's work book. Never stop pushing for this.
It's 2 bad u can't stand up 4 Single Payer in ur own state, you've let Rendon kill it&ur not standing with the Nurses Union in solidarity.
Being proud trying to kill Medicare for the elderly? Picture a sold out football stadium with just one person selling all food and beverages
It is easy to be conspicuously 'compassionate' if others are being forced to pay the cost.
Murray N. Rothbard
The senatorial perks! 
You are hustling for the Dims nomination selling socialist failure. 
Hey it works for UK, Canada, Aus etc, can work for us...those who want their fancy plans can still buy them from insurance.  
Good job KH 
Don't be so proud. Those that saw promise in you are disgusted.
Your not a Senator yet, who pays for that HC program?  People gt nothing for free only by earning an adapting to the system.
Thank you! It is the right thing to do AND the most fiscally sound
Why did it take you so long to get on board?...... #2020
Damn tom going hard  
It's about time for American's to start thinking about people. The economy would take off, corporations would be able to expand in America.
When will you vote? What other attachments are there in it?
You are a proud communist. Just say it and I will leave you alone.
You are all lying. And hypocritical. None of you mentioned your healthcare. Will it apply to you. When you that I might believe you.
Thank you for your courage Senator. We won't forget that you were the first to endorse, and really set the dominos falling.
Ty!!!!!!!
First: regulate the out of control profiteering of the insurance and pharmaceutical industry then stop legislating Bible morality
@SenFeinstein get onboard. It's time to give people a positive vision of the future. It's achievable if we demand nothing less.
Are you proud that the #AwanBrothers supposedly stole classified information from @TheDemocrats .? #AwanGate #MedicareForAll #AppleEvent2017
No it's not "a right." #HEALTHMARXISM kills.
u suck at parody donkeybrain get a new shtick
Pretty sure the "donkeys" are the ones with "donkeybrains." And that they are the ones that got shtuck just #LASTNOVEMBER.
Idiot. #HEALTHCAREMARXISM kills.
Timing everything & now is not the time to give Rep's something to attack. It will cause them to push thru any health care bill now. Mistake
Start to push this in October after reconciliation is no longer an option for Republicans.
those 15 Senators pictured above love to spend $$$$ that isn't theirs
@ShaunKing That's not something to brag about.
Thank you for doing the right thing Senator Harris.
That's great but how will it be paid for? If you don't have that piece to the puzzle you have nothing
Thanks Bernie!
When presenting to Repubs, pls note financial benefits as Repubs don't care about rights. Here's conservative Newsmax highlighting savings:
Now we're talking
I wish my senators were just as proud. Can you help convince @PattyMurray  and @SenatorCantwell?
I guess they don't agree with us.
Are Schumer, Pelosi, Sanders  and you going to pay for it, cause taxpayers can't handle the national debt, already at $20 trillion
And I must add Democratic Party no more candidates that do NOT FULL SUPPORT WOMEN's Reproductive Rights
Your bad breath is hot air. Health insurance is a privilege. It should be a right for disabled, mentally incapacitated and veterans.
nah it's a right for everyone.
Thank you.
Good on you, Kamala. 

Please consider a similar adjustment in your views on the prison industry, for profit or otherwise.
I'm STILL waiting for an answer...
thanks for doing what's right
My youngest granddaughter has fought cancer twice in her 6 year life. Without Medicaidnshe would be dead, please Medicare for all.
Grats to your granddaughter, for surviving cancer 2x already. However, Medicaid and Medicare are completely different programs.
Thank you!!
Hey all - I made a short funny video to explain single payer healthcare, using jelly beans. ;)
what about this?..
thank you senator harris, we'll be holding you to this
HA HA HA---YOU'RE GOING DOWN BITCH!!! # STUPID
And a Unicorn to ride to your medical appointment
I'm proud to suggest #Kamala2020
Thank you, this actually made me tear up a bit
Thank you for this, from a young mother with Multiple Sclerosis. Note: MS meds cost $3,000/month ave
@Joe18276811 Do you really think the Republicans that control everything will pass The Medicare for All Act? Sadly,I don't.
True
As well you should be! We are proud of you for standing up for all Americans!
In my 60's so I've been around a while but only now like the Democratic party is coming to life with a mission to truly serve people first.
Please run for president.

Bullshit. Get your white supremacist trash out if here.
Can you repeal the Hyde amendment first
Hyde repeal is and should be part of any health reform effort https://twitter.com/Chemzes/status/907970144181407744 …
Way more likely to happen in a single payer bill than on its own
bless these people!  
How about lowering our taxes so you can raise them again to pay for this crap because there are not enough 1 percenters to cover it. #maga
Derp
Going no where.  Focus on making health care affordable and then we may be able to afford to provide it.
The left is going to win! Thank you Senator Harris! We'll hold you to it. #TrySocialism
Not on your life, earn it or go without.  Death to socialism.
For that, you would be repealing Obamacare.
Just make sure you're also defending the ACA
Be a trailblazer following Bernie is a mistake. What's the pay for?doesn't do handouts. A Dem in a EC Blue State fiscal respon and aid-.
she IS being a trailblazer. meanwhile you're "resisting" in support of a failed status quo
Thank you & all the senators backing this bill. Disappointed w/my MI senators( @SenStabenow & @SenGaryPeters )
Go away, America is not listening to your lies
http://www.usdebtclock.org 
Thank you @BernieSanders
Thank you Sen. Harris! 
This owns. Thanks.
Good move, Senator Harris! 
Health care is a right and anything shirt is a smack to the face of the millions without coverage
I see no path forward for this bill  I honestly think we need to start with getting the money out of our elections Turn over Citizens United
Meanwhile @SenateGOP tweets: "And who does Bernie think will pay for this?" Seriously? GOP gonna go buh-bye if they don't adapt. #Fairness
Please run in 2020. I keep asking...please answer.
I am proud that you were the FIRST to cosponsor this bill two weeks ago.  Your leadership influenced other leaders to do the same! #Harris20
Thank u.
Heathcare is a right
Nooooo it is not
are you proud of this too... http://www.usdebtclock.org/    because you are about to double it for our grandkids n great grandkids
What is the price tag for your proposal?  If it means tax increase, then count me out.
Incredibly thankful for you Sen. Harris. What can we do to get @SenFeinstein on board?
Medicare 4 all has been on the Democratic wish list since the 80's. FUCK BERNIE SANDERS! He helped RIG OUR ELECTION with Russian money/Bots!
so the "non-dem" is fighting for something on agenda since Prez Johnson and ldrshp isn't. And he's the bad guy?
He helped gang rape Hillary Clinton. The SEXIST DEMS have got to go! I just left the Dem Party after 40 years! They need to grow a pair!Bad?
Tell Nancy Pelosi to get her shit together while you're at it
12:08pm YES your tweet notification came through to my phone, TRUTHFULLY, @SenKamalaHarris, (Family) now watching @CNN 
@ShaunKing also proud to raise taxes?
Thank you Kamala.  Ironically the chronically ill are the least able  to advocate for their healthcare. This Act will help all.
I'm glad you're thinking about this but I have to ask what does this focus do to the ACA considering you cannot get 60 votes right now?
Also, it seems that this is a political move rather than a smart one. Do repubs say look the Dems don't even care about the ACA.
The 2018 elections are so critical and I hate handing the Reps talking points such as socialized medicine and raising taxes
Republicans will never give Dems an inch. It's time to stop compromising and start getting behind ideas that will inspire people to turn out
The ACA was a compromise bill. It accepted Republican amendments and suggestions. It got not one Republican vote.
Then they set out for the next 7 years to make their party's entire platform the rollback of the ACA. What we need to do is put a system in
place that is so fundamentally and simply good that people will oppose whoever opposes it. Even Margaret Thatcher couldn't take out the NHS.
Where can I find more information about this? Single-payer failed in Vermont, so I am concerned about how it will work on a larger scale.
Larger scale is actually what makes it more feasible.
The primary reason it failed is that corporations dodged their share of the tax responsibility and put it all on citizens of a small state
We all know this is what's best for American people.  Let's get it done
does proud mean "dragged into it kicking and screaming"?
You're a prime example of tough and compassionate! Thanks for fighting for the people!  #classylady

We are also proud of you. Thank you for all you do.
I would LOVE to pay my insurance premium to taxes instead & never see another DrugAd on TV
Then we could have Universal HC.
Talk 2 me when u get a #CBOScore
Healthcare is a right! Thank you for leading on this. 
