Scientists manipulate data all the time to fit their narrative. You make a weak point.
this is what peer-reviewed science is for, to expose flawed conclusions. How do you think we have an advanced industrial society?
my point is that some politicians only look at the results that suit their message. Say science is settled.
Her point is that running the EPA - requires knowledge and use of science to make good decisions. Pruitt does not. Sad day.
her point was that science is settled on climate change, it is not.
It's only "not settled" among those who don't like the conclusions. I wish it were not so, but we need cleaner energy anyway.
There is documented evidence of data being manipulated. I agree, clean energy is a good thing.
Agreeing on something is worth celebrating in these times! 
he believes in science. Its not settled. Do you know how science works or are you just using emotional argument?
It is only "not settled" among those who do not like the conclusions.
no hipster beard. Its not settled among those who like conclusions
Those of us who can't, ride bikes, carpool, or bus. Invest in mass transit. There's a better way.
Don't worry, 45 is going to abolish it anyway.
@Sanddragger get used to it
Two Dems voted FOR him.  The GOP is only PART of the problem.
what the heck....damn them.
@1jb1 Pruitt has one goal . . Serve the interest of Scott Pruitt. Filed suit on cases not approved by the state. Horrible.
been trying but they turn a deaf ear to those that disagree with GOP party rules
one does not believe in science.  One understands science.  But point taken.
FOR SCIENCE ILLITERATES: HERE IS THE SCIENCE @SenKamalaHarris @HuwpHuw #agw #auspol @USPOLS @POTUS
@BarackObama @algore @billmckibben @noaa
@galengering wake up lady the people have made their choice
I'm not a Trump supporter but MAN I love the way he & his cabinet makes the left explode with obstructionistic vitriol
unfortunately our calls were in vain. @SenatorIsakson & @Perduesenate I don't even need to ask what you voted. 
Going to be a long 4 years in GA with the Yes Men representing us.
The $622 million your hero sent to Iran & Palestine would have done quite a bit for Flint MI and its environment, no?
Could have used it on a pointless wall though righy?
Your Nazi style regulations are not wanted in this country.
hahahaha...same old routine from the left.
EVERYBODY should believe in science.
...You mean #FakeScience to steal and tax innocent hard working Americans who don't want to feed the #NWO!
if senators cared about science/environment, they would have delayed vote until papers were out. not a priority for them.
he believes in science, just not the fake one
they did believe us anout DeVos either
which ones in particular? You're mine & I voted for you because I know I can trust you to vote in OUR best interest. :-)
FOR SCIENCE ILLITERATES: Here is the science @SenKamalaHarris @HuwpHuw #climatechange #globalwarming #auspol @POTUS
@BarackObama @algore
"science" doesn't fake a decade's worth of data. The @noaa does though.
where's our Humanity in the US?
Confirmed is he not?
Is there any action to undo what has been done, or do we have to wait 4 years to fix this mess?
shut it. You didn't complain under Obama Environmental Plunders Agency
We keep calling Portman, and he continues 2 ignore & vote w GOP. Focused only on own agenda. #selfserving #persist #resist
@SophiaBush Too late losers!
DC
Agreed
@BillySpillwater the only science he's worried about is how to hide all the Koch money while fucking up the entire planet.
yea, good luck with that
what a BS statement ...... you are so late to the party... or your party is so old, and you are late to it
go away science alarmists
"My" senators are Cruz and Cornyn, but thanks for the invitation.
It must be frustrating to work with people like that. Keep up the fight! 
Sad day for All Americans & generations to come. Pruitt has spent his life in destroying EPA! Shameful pick & confirmation!
Congratulations Scott Pruitt!
@deejay90192 seems from reports least of the problems wth this guy what happens with the mess he left behind in OK
We call and call and they don't listen. (NC).
We call, send notes, protest, email.. yet these people still get their positions! Y is the majority of US not being heard?
Thank you for fighting. More than any other department, the EPA affects the whole world. Keep up :*
@SenToddYoung doesn't listen to those constituents who disagree with his partisan politics. No town halls either.
@kelly_carlin Your fellow senators aren't answering their phones or returning calls. Your fellow senators serve themselves.
With all due respect, Senator Harris, they don't listen anyway.
Dems don't control narrative anymore. Not believing and questioning two very different things. You will be exposed.
They only care about their Party, not the Country. Shameful.
really? Seems like you want to let anyone and everyone in the country...that's shameful!
too late.... Thank you for trying
but science is fact, it's not something that needs to be believed even!
You lose, again. Now maybe the EPA will stop monitoring puddles on our property.
How best to fight this when I know my senators agree? @SenSchumer @SenGillibrand



My senators heard from me but Pruitt has just been confirmed anyway. Hope the emails will contain damning info.
@jenstatsky I just called, he's in, 52-46 
Too late, he's in! When they read his Emails next week, maybe he will be out. He plays for pay. Why do GOP hate our Earth?
they don't answer when you call the DC office, where can you find the state phone numbers?
Another good 'ol white boy in the cabinet. Ugh. And 2 dems voted yes to support deregulation of coal and oil in WVA and ND.
Talked to real person @clairecmc & left VM @RoyBlunt Just heard #pollutingPruitt got confirmed? Hoping emails are horrid!
248 hours, you, my senator are hearing from me. Time to stop delaying, go do something for a change. We have problems.
just tried D.F. and the call died after I pressed 2 for her...
@SenFeinstein we know you have our backs, any committee chairs we can pester?  Thank @SenatorCollins for us! #nopruitt
already called your office and @SenFeinstein to say noooooo, NO.
I don't think you believe in science. 5 major Ice ages / record of the earth without ice,including mountain tops #lookitup
but but but you are my senator. Do you still want to hear from me?
I still don't understand how these people don't believe in science, and yet, they benefit from it every single day.
Well they benefit note by playing crazy games with other people's money
Trump won. Get over it. It's not working.
@realDonaldTrump is president. he wants him. He is qualified. STOP OBSTRUCTING.Stop wasting everyone's time
explain how he is qualified? Doesn't believe in science, only believes in $$
I called!
@ViewDownHere Pruit should be investigated for looking the other way re:#fracking earthquakes in Oklahoma.
You're my Senator ♡ You go girl!
@SenatorDurbin @SenDuckworth  Please talk to your colleagues on both sides of the aisle!
Be our voice. Stop T
this train wreck. Make American smart again.
He believes in Koch brothers money...even if it means earthquakes in OK.
thank you! Also they should recognize it's called the Environmental PROTECTION Agency for a reason!!
Yes but Burr and Tillis are worthless! They each heard from both of us tho. We keep up the pressure. Thx for ur efforts
I just called @RoyBlunt office to please vote No.
Than believe that no matter what you do the world climate changes on its own. That's Mother Nature!
Called Dean Heller---no hope it will help, but I will continue to do so!
I only wish @SenToomey would listen.  #realPA is tweeting, calling and faxing to no avail
Thanks 4 sharing . . .
Global warming very much correlated to sun spot activity and volcanic activity - is that in your "science"? @gop #maga
just called and shared my view that the Senate should vote NO on Scott Pruitt
WOW that's funny
You are my Senator, assuming you've got me covered.  :) #resist
