BREAKING: Trump: Transgender people will not be allowed to serve `in any capacity' in the US military.
This is a shiny object. Some more damning news about him and his family must be about to drop.
Actually not. 
Trump is swiftly becoming our best President since Reagan. 
With ease. Finally, a true Leader in Office.
Are you currently serving in the armed services? Plans to enlist soon?
If that's aimed at me, I did my four years.
In response to @JimmyTeton Sorry you got caught up in my response.
Discrimination isn't leadership. Transgender military members are brave, patriotic, and heroes.
At best they'd be a distraction. At worst we would be allowing mentally ill people to serve in the military and paying for their delusions
Distracting how?
Prejudice and cruelty toward LGBT community is based on ignorance.
LGBT people number 10M in US, 4% of populace.
Your claim flies in the face of those of us who are informed...
Read the thread doofus

https://twitter.com/electorate_the/status/890215491381362694 …
You wanted a link to prove Barend's claim that LBGT was 4 %

Are given one...claim fake news.  Hilarious.  Deplorable

#trumpkin
while a nice gesture & sentiment it does nothing. Trump's playing successfully to his base. The "outrage" strategy has proven to not work.
His "shrinking base" you mean...
It's also an illegal and unenforceable action.

It directly violates the UCMJ code...which only the Pentagon can amend
 you don't get it

It's unenforceable because it directly violates the UCMJ...and is an invalid order
Need counter suits help them fight this! Ugh!!
Senator, look at what people are excluded from.the military for, flat feet, asthma, etc, is that nit discrimination under ADA?
It's as if he wants to be removed from office.
First a discriminatory travel ban now this.  What's next, what group is next?  If you are not a white Christian male it could be you.
Unfortunately that's right
Kamala Harris for President 2020.
Sorry Mike. NEVER gonna happen. 
Liberalism was fully rejected on 11/8/2016
Thank u for the apology.  KAMALA HARRIS FOR PRESIDENT 2020. Liberalism cannot be killed.
What is dead cannot not rise again
I'm with you, Senator. I can't believe people support this insanity. Please keep up the fight on behalf of those who choose to serve.
Amen!
Transgender people are mentally ill. They belong in mental hospitals, not the military. Next issue, Kamala.
Yes and isn't it against the law to discriminate?
Selective memory. That ban was in effect under Obama
You can't get into the military with flat feet.  Is that discrimination? Mental illness should disqualify also.
Do you stand with the Bologna family ?
Actually, no its not.  Congressman Bill Johnson has it right
And that should not exclude anyone who is a stable person from serving this nation.
By definition trannys are unstable.  There's men and there's women; there is no 3rd option
you know this is getting stupid and beyond twisted, this guy needs 2 b in a mental institution not running our country, impeach him already!
I was so looking forward to watching moslems throw a captured US tranny troop off a roof. You knw that moslem tolerance, peace you speak of*
More broken promises. @realDonaldTrump
he never promised to change our military.It's no place for the dysfunction that would ensue
Please, stop trying to come up with a reason that doesn't make you sound xenophobic. We're all made from the same flesh and blood.
Transgender people have been serving in militaries ever since militaries began. They just had to hide so they could serve.
Taxpayers didn't have to pay for treatments!
Taxpayers didn't have to pay $84 million for Viagra, either.
The conversation always changes once it affects the rich straight white male. Why is that?
This needs to be fast-tracked to SCOTUS. it is blatantly unconstitutional under the equal protection clause
It's an illegal order...it violates UCMJ, which the Pentagon use held last year.

Policy which violates UCMJ is illegal and unenforceable
Mood disorders like bipolar or depression aren't allowed to serve in the military, but since we changed the name of Gender Dysphoria it's OK
Hell, my nephew that had slight heating loss couldn't go in the Army. I guess that would be discrimination according to the keft
*hearing. **left
Since when did a bullet consider sex of a soldier
Teach!
not sure ur 4 or agin me but i taught life skills to foster teens 4 23 years... im a truth hunter
I am very much with you.
@OmairFl. Millions of ppl including VETS  need our resources. Military isnt some Medical Spa/Rehab for TG transformation.
I believe 3/4 of America does & will 45 is just creating another diversion to take away from this insane WH
@emmyrossum why don't you libtards fight this hard for the Thousands of vets that need help for more serious issues than transgender surgery
The Military should be fine tuned units,Sad but In this day&age AMERICANMILITARY NEEDS TO BE THE BEST KILLING MACHINE ON THE EARTH PERIOD
you denied gender reassignment surgery to trans inmates under your jurisdiction
Just as an aside the thing about this claim is just about every word in it is wrong
End homophobia.
Transgender Americans are NOT a burden on U.S. Military, rather a incompetent commander in chief is indeed a burden to the armed forces. 
Well said
Thank you.
@OmairFl Im not condemning, or minimizing but Military cant B 4 Social medicine/treatment as primary reason 4 serving.
Say it again for the people in the back 
@sherylunderwood @AP I'm still confused as to what people that voted for him thought was going to happen.
Send in your sons to replace them
I got a penis but I'm a woman ... You can serve .
I got a top hat and think I'm Abe Lincoln. You can't serve ...
Shut up.
Why this hateful policy now? To distract from Russia? Healthcare?
I am a former service member and I know for a fact that this is discrimination. It shouldn't matter because like anyone else they signed
Their life away to be apart of something greater than themselves. But we judge because they want a sex change? Bull shit. If they are willin
To die to save us and protect us that is all that should matter.
Heartbreaking.  Who will be next to lose rights and freedoms? Where will he cast his dead piggy eye next!
I'm assuming the @ACLU will shut this down quickly? Or at least tie it up in court? Reprehensible @realDonaldTrump
They put out a statement.
And we will write checks.
And that's what they want and as far as they will go.
Between healthcare up in the air and this... @realDonaldTrump is potentially killing many. But let's just debate about it.
Actually not. 
Please read real news. Stay current.
Real News to Trumputin-patriots are outlets ONLY approved by Republican sources which are proven to be propaganda.
Pandering to the most backward.  This administration is a nightmare.
...and most of us long for this nightmare to be over.
The man hates everyone but who he sees in the mirror and I'm not so sure he doesn't hate him.
Yes!
He is a dictator, can't anyone else that is a Republican see it?!
...his party seems to fear him, why I have no idea...they should fear those who can vote them out of office.
I agree with you.
Thank you for this President Trump. Senator you don't speak for this Vet.
Oh please.....
How in the world does he expect to get that horse back in the barn? When will this nightmare end? He is moving the country backwards.
You're disgusting
Do you stand with the trans sex workers you kicked into the streets by getting Backpage shut down?
I guess there's no such thing as sexual derangement, eh?
You think that's discrimination??? What bout those who are too fat, too old, have tats on face and neck, or those with poor education?
You denied gender affirming surgeries for transgender inmates under your jurisdiction…
Why does it matter what a person identifies themselves as?  This is so stupid.  People should be able to protect and serve if they want to
Teump should not be allowed to serve in any capacity he keeps giving money to corporations for nothing in return
Can congress pass a bill to nullified this horrific stripping of citizens rights? Surely a president can declare people unfit by gender?
what I've read is DJT did this to force dems in rust belt to speak out against it thus alienating constituents. Diabolical
We don't need our military being confused about who uses what bathroom
Wow #hypocrite. You denied gender reassignment surgery to trans inmates under your jurisdiction
It's not "selfless", Kamala. It's selfish. Access to taxpayer funded medical treatment is a huge incentive.

you denied gender reassignment surgery to trans inmates under your jurisdiction https://twitter.com/SenKamalaHarris/status/890211880664543232 …
See how thy works for you in the next election. Take a poll, you loose..
The bigots are running the show because they voted, and not for a third party.
Hey look! I found 5 able bodied "Patriots" who can begin to replace the thousands of Trans heroes POTU$ wants to bar. #TheResistance #resist
They just want to join to gain access to FREE surgeries!
Was it discrimination when inane did it?

WHAT! You denied gender reassignment to inmates? LOLYou are just like Hillary! Get the f••k out of here with your convenient 2020 tweet!
This man, Trump has nothing better to do. Most of his false promises have failed. He will come out with any/every insane things.
Exactly Why @california  is a Gang Infested, Illegal Criminal Murdering American, Politicians Tax (Steal) the Hell Out Of Citizens Crap hole
If #Obama  did the #transmilitaryban EVERYONE would support it, and be happy #TransRightsAreHumanRights #transban #TransRightAreHumanRights
Wait until they sue and win. Trump is a disgrace. He must be impeached.
@SenKamalaHarris @shannoncoulter it's a simple task to stop feeding his ego and boycott his poor choices.  #unfollowtherealdonaldtrump
He's going against the UN Universal Declaration of Human Rights with this latest offence. http://www.un.org/en/universal-declaration-human-rights/ …
#TransRightsAreHumanRights
Your record says otherwise.
Our military is for real soldiers. Not ones who want to play dress up in women clothes.Our military has been destroyed.
Fake outrage! You only stand with anyone who fills your coffers with $$$! It didn't work for Hillary & it won't work for you! #loser
Kamala: I wonder how willing you would be to let them protect you. Even if there condition gets in the way of them doing their job?
The. Your definitely not a Christian.
Whos gonna fight Trumps Rich White Friends Won't Join & Fight-Guess They Will Draft the poor Black & Browns Again 2 Fight!
Agreed. Now where are all of djt's taxes and those of every one of his family?
Well wake up Miss Harris. You already did this to inmates of your prison system. Whats that make you???
not discrimination.  It's just realistic. Do you want your little girl using a locker room with a 45 year old man in a dress and high heels?
But Huckabee-Sanders specifically said they'd do it in a legal manner... I guess that means they won't be doing it...
It's @realDonaldTrump deflecting from Russia and his spat with Sessions, Angers entire nation with his stupidity & ignornance #ImpeachTrump
Me too.
why did you prevent inmates from having gender reassignment surgery.

This is: A. a bone to his rabid base to make up 4 his healthcare failure. B. a distraction from the ongoing Russia scandal. C reprehensible.
Why hasn't he been voted out yet?
are you going resign your seat in the Senate and join the military & going to stand with ALL Americans who selflessly serve in the Military?
Corrupt Kamala, political discrimination, the one that you practice,is worst. The army is there to protect us,it is not a social experiment
you're not that dim or racist are you? really? stay in england.
I would trust a transgender soldier over a pig in a wig any day.
The so-called president has never served a day in his nasty little life that wasn't selfish and self-serving.
Please. It is too expensive to turn women into male soldiers. We don't need liberals trashing the military to make a point.
But not if they are inmates, right?
.Senkamalaharris You could care less about Transgender Americans. You want their votes. Period.
Not even close
#DoubleSpeak just to attract the #VoteBank. We can see thru your #Lies. Did you look under your rug what all is swept under it ????  
ha. it's not a ban.
His decision came highly recommended by military generals and the pentagon, you know this stop showing your ignorance. #Covfefe2020
You mean you pander....
Wrong! The military is no place for social experiments.
You are truly a notable moran! Funny you never stoodup for fallen soldiers before!!!
Typical radical leftist crook using people as a political prop. We all know you don't give a shit.

If your color blind or have anxiety you can't join the military isn't that discrimination?
Wrong...it's simply a decision by the Commander-in-Chief.  No different than when Obama made decisions when he was in office.
@ThomasJ17762016 @AP TRUMP IS AN ASS.....
Can we call this unconstitutional and biased homophobic and just nasty????
So sick of this Sheit
Vancouver, Canada is having LGBTQ Pride week. Today spoke to a Transgendered young man who teaches & volunteers for others in the community.
NO DISRESPECT BUT BLACK POWER STRUCTURE NEEDS TO SPEAK AGAINST DISCRIMINATION THAT AFFECTS US. THERE'S PLENTY OF IT & NOTHINGS HARDLY SAID
you would know about it being discrimination
Kamala...
Great job trump. Keep up the great work.
Don't pretend like you care now...
@SangyeH @AP Whatever happened to just being *people*? No modifiers needed...we are all just people, equal people.
Fire up the lawsuit machine, @ACLU!
What happens when they deploy and there are no meds for 6 months
I'm only read tweeting this again because what he said has ruined my dinner.Reagan was a lefty compared to him. He knows NO history.
Yes yes yes yes yes yes yes
My fear is that tRump will attempt to discharge dishonorably. No Vet benes. That would be cruel unthinkable. All for a wall?
apparently the honorable sen forget it was trump predecessor who implemented this policy which was active until June of last year.
What absolute bullshit.  I wanna throw up. Agggghhhhh
WTF
This is a distraction from Jeff Sessions lying and his son and son-in-law testifying this week. Investigation is getting very close 2 him
Then women 
Then POC 
Then non Christians
Then voila, a  DJT Aryan army
More likely to be turned on the rest of us than any actual conflict.
Where are your tweets expressing outrage at the anti-Semitic comments by the Imam in the mosque in CA? You don't stand w/the Jewish people?
youve never served a day in your life, not even now, you serve the highest paying special interest. Stop with your false bs
This is a ban on the transgender community. Ban on muslims. Who's next? I'm afraid to find out.
It's not discrimination, its zealotry.
There's a difference.
Thank you, Sen. Harris! I am unquestionably with you!
Then lead the lawsuit...  someone has to actually get kicked first...  But once it happens, let the courts decide..
@realDonaldTrump doesn't think they are good enough to serve. Well I don't think he's good enough to serve as president. Of ANYTHING.
Who are incredibily brave on so many levels, unlike heel spur boy!

Keep. Your. Eyes. On. Pence. https://twitter.com/chrisjohnson82/status/889957545099624454 …
What do you all expect? This man is obviously seriously mentally ill. From his racist xenophobic, and treasonous actions. He needs to go!!!
Why is this jackass still in office? #ImpeachTrumpNow
Shame on Donald trump, it is shameful what he is inflicting upon this country. Repubs  please stand up,show yourselves!
This is your Pres trying to destroy anything Obama. Its pure racist hatred and is only reason he want the job. Time for congress to step in
Discrimination?  Yes.  Distraction?  Also yes.  What is REALLY happening?
It IS #discrimination bc military ALREADY does boob&nose jobs, lipo, vaginal reconstruction & erectile dysfunction surgeries&hormones 4&
To exclude one group due to sex/gender incongruities is UNLAWFUL DISCRIMINATION! They are serving with honor & should be treated honorably!
this is so bs
When's the last time you met with trans/straight/gay soldiers/constituents to see how they feel about it/morale...never.
@claudiab0753 @AP Thank you. I'm proud you're my senator.
This arbitrarily deprives a class of people access to public-funded benefits (#GIBill & others). Also, dishonorable discharges for current??
Another "shiny object":(
#GOTRUMP 
Can I just say. @potus is a dildo.
Meanwhile, Jared Kushner still has security clearance.
The 0.0002% of our population?
Hey, Gorsuch, whatcha gonna do?
Well DOJ apparently thinks discrimination against LGBTs is perfectly legal now, so they're probably just all ¯\_(ツ)_/¯.  #resist
Distraction Senator. Focus on the #HealthcareBill please...
Once again, the administration shows it is committed to moving backwards on civil rights. Stand firm because no one is safe.
It's NOT discrimination the way YOU mean it, but it IS drawing a line. What's next? Bestiality in the military? No. Enough is enough.
I was going to ask if you could BE any more retarded, but every time I ask a Liberal that they reply "Hold my beer".
because it takes money AWAY from his WALL!
The Orange man currently in the wh is banned from being President
Why did someone turn you down prevert
agreed!
I have never heard of or met a transgender person who isn't incredibly brave.
@AP
Pleeeeeasse make this your campaign issue in 2020.... pleeeeeease
You're the perfect candidate for 2020 potus  It'll be a complete one sided victory Not for you
No it's not Senator.  There is no right afforded for someone pretending to be the opposite sex and using their enlistment for free medical.
Is this constitutional?!?!
Excellent, now pay for their surgeries while training for combat with enemies(muslims) that hang and beat lgbt.
This is an example of republicans with no regard to their oath and no regard to our constitution.  trump has proven over and over he and the
GOP are above any law or they do not respect the laws already put forward.Will this ever end.America is no longer a democracy
Trump/WH has emboldened the WORST representatives
of GOP who support"take care of wealthy"ignore
middle class",blame and punish the poor!
Trump and the far-right are trying to destroy the separation of powers - I don't believe the Constitution allows him to do this.
This is another distraction, part of Russia operation to destabilize the US. Trump is a treasonous Russian agent.
Uh, hi. German here. You know how the Holocaust thing started over here? With rules similar to this. Replace Jews <-> Trans in memo, compare
This is not simply discrimination, this is way worse. And we've seen what this leads to.
Run for 2020, you and @RepJoeKennedy
Why isn't the military allow anyone to enlist if over 35 years old? Age discrimination! Ought to change that too. #FakeOutrage #OutOfTouch
Now if we could only get you to stand with everyday Americans against your horrific policy of using asset forfeiture.
A 5x draft dodger claiming others are unfit to serve is the ultimate in hypocracy.
BUT...... but..... 
There are requirements for joining the military. Are we discriminating against those that are obese? High school dropouts?
