Heartbreaking. No child or parent should have to experience this. And from the party of "family values" no less.
No one seems to be upset about authorities breaking up families of other criminals, just deported ones.
Yeah, I'd have a problem with anyone being treated this way for misdemeanors.
as would most ppl I know who advocate for immigrants-they also advocate for criminal justice reform.
Our communities are under siege. This is horrible.
under siege by illegals, correct.
LOL citizens are arrested daily in front of their kids...but no sympathy for Americans
makes me sick people are less trump create hate shame
Marxism is stupid
We have reached such a new low. Its so shameful. That child will never forget the pain Trump has inflicted on him/her.
So you're exempt from arrest if you're in the presence of a child? Get a refund on your law school tuition.
What's wrong with enforcing the law?
..I can't even..this disgusts me..
He should've thought about that before he illegally crossed the border
I barely have words for how wrong this is.
Then he should have entered this country LEGALLY!!!
some replies are sickening. Even if u disagree with a parent's action, to not feel any empathy for this child...
Why?
Who's fault is it? Did the ICE agents do anything wrong? Or did the immigrant do something wrong? Illegals?
Please keep up the fight & thank you. This is not the America we need. Sending love and hope from WA
the America we need is one that is for Americans first.
Yes terribly wrong when are we going to start to protect these people in CA?Stand up to trump's ICE!
don't care if it's in immigrant or a US citizen taken in front of their kids, too bad
wow do you care when American citizens get arrested in front of their kids?
He shouldn't be in the country.
this whole business is sick!! They are taking people who have committed no crime! Media get on this!!!
Clearly you did not read the story. He had 3 criminal convictions & ignored a deportation order. No angel here.
Getover it.If he did wrong, he must pay.Plain & simple
FINALLY! The law is back!
http://ln.is/barefootcavalry.com/bPqPY …
thank you for sharing this. Much love 
it is wrong. It was wrong of him to start a family here knowing he was here illegally.
Then do something about it. Quit hiding behind we don't have enough numbers to impeach. These victims are helpless, gop actions illegal
Would like to see stats on how many of these are violent offenders. I doubt it is many. Policy must change.
what part of ILLEGAL do you fail to comprehend? Portraying law enforcement as the enemy is irresponsible!
HAPPY TO SEE DEPORTING IS BACK! Hope the daughter gets deported as well!
what the hell is wrong with that? Don't want to be arrested?  Don't break the law....it is that simple
Not wrong.  Unfortunate & sad, but NOT wrong.  He needs to take responsibility for his CRIME.
what is the number of violent offenders that have been picked up so far? Vs the misdemeanors.
And surely intentional. Sowing fear is at least as important to this administration as is actually deporting "criminals."
that's all he does. Make crap up and sell it to followers because surely no one else is stupid enough to buy it
The child learned a valuable lesson about breaking the law!
Criminals are arrested everyday in front of their children, what has that got to do with his criminality & arrest?
You prosecuted Backpage executives _after_ a court told you that your allegations  could not be a crime. That's outrageous.
Taken away making sure his kid was attending school!!! So wrong for so many reasons!!
CA sanctuary cities will fold like a house cards when they lose their Federal funding-can't wait!
was he an illegal criminal?
Kate Steinlee being shot in the back by an illegal on a sunny day walking in San Francisco. Enforce the laws!
No. Not wrong. If u r here ILLEGALLY u r a criminal. It's time to ENFORCE the law.
HE did this to his kids and should take personal responsibility for his actions. 25 yrs is plenty of time to become citizen
What is WRONG is that he is here illegally and never applied 4 citizenship and has TWO prior criminal convictions.
oh well.  It's called illegal for a reason.  If I was in Mexico or anywhere else they would deport me.
Next time, don't be an illegal alien. That would solve the problem. My parents did it right.
He entered our country Illegally! This is not only Wrong but it's a Crime Doofus! WTH kind of USA Senator r u?

So what do we do about this? How can we push back?
WH DOESN'T CARE NO HEART AT ALL RACIST BRANNON &TRUMP LOVE ALL THIS. THEY THINK ITS FUN WATCHING MOM & KIDS TORN
Wrong !
If he had filed the correct immigration paperwork,this would be a non-issue?ICE is doing their job, what Ru doing?
Not the America I grew up in; where is compassion, reason, pragmatism? Who will harvest, build, clean, cook, contribute...?

DON'T BREAK THE LAW, YOU WON'T FEAR THE CONSEQUENCES. It's called common sense. CA hasn't had any for decades.
This kind of thing happens when you break American law, Kammy.
Your constituents are committing violent assault in the streets over politics. Spare us the lecture ya lunatics. @latimes
this is legalized emotional child abuse
GOP R detached from those affectd by policies Theyr inept w/empathy cuz they never consult their hearts
The damage theyR causing isnt the kind that can B fixd by electing of another president.. it's lasting, personal.
no, it's not.  He broke the law.  ICE enforces the law.  You know, like you were SUPPOSED to do when you were AG.
@kingsfanone @latimes Love work! @shivanitaco working to improve community through http://www.valleyACTacademy.org .@UnivisionNews
No Kammie, this is the law, the law you have sworn to up hold.
it's wrong to commit a crime. It's his fault he was taken away in front of his family. Plenty of criminals have same fate.
Go back to your country and come back legal. Others have.
incredibly sad.
WTF!!! Why??
If you rob a liquor store, they will arrest you in front of your kid. Why should this crime be different?
a shame the father was so thoughtless he came here illegally instead of going through the system.
This story made my day. Thanks! The winning continues!!! #MAGA
all of the money CA has spent on illegals could have done a lot of good for your state. Your priorities are wrong
did you care this much about #KateSteinle when she was killed by an criminal illegal immigrant?
you know what's wrong? BREAKING THE LAW! What is it with you Dems and your love affair with criminals? It's a sickness...
Did you go to you office in Sac and ask for help with Green Card. How many illegals have you gotten green cards?
Law abiding citizen was he? Innocent? Impossible to go to your office in Sac. and ask for help with Green Card?
Child should also go. Win-win.
get 'me out!!
If he broke the law, he is a criminal. Shame on you Kamala, your a lawyer. Do you think what that judge did was ok
so cruel. This has got to stop!
He was already on a list for deportation.
no its not
he is a 3 time criminal and KNEW he was going to b deported.
What about all of U politicians aiding & abetting these illegals U should be arrested as well!
And you're a Senator.....no wonder the country is so ufcked.
Commit a crime, keep your kids with you at all times, never get taken away. Do you see the stupidity of your comment?
He should have thought of that before he came here illegally! She can go to Mexico with her dad!
So any PARENT who is a felon gets a free pass because "child"? Don't be a sucker. Seeing parent taken away is a good lesson
THIS HAPPENS TO BLACK MEN every day. They go to JAIL for crime. Illegal (crime) immigrants get deported, still FREE men! @SenKamalaHarris
Yes it was wrong, wrong for him to break the law in the first place. Do you believe all laws should be followed?
: Do any of u think about writing a hot ck . You prob do & then most don't .. They wrote bad cks . It's law 
thank you for standing up to this awful practice
play illegal games win illegal prize... NEXT
Do you ascribe to the rule of law?
comments wasted. Kamala needs illegals and illegal sympathizers for her ambitions. LaRaza still has billions Obama gave
you just don't get it do you? Oh, I forgot, you're from California, never mind
Yes it's sad...Lots of things sad in this country... But we live by laws....'Nuff said
meanwhile rapists, murderers & very bad dudes screaming "I have kids too, don't take me just cause I'm legal" 
So when any criminal is apprehended, cops need to wait until they're away from their family?
LOL! They'll try to pass that bill next.
no it is not wrong. Why is it wrong? Are they illegal? So a criminal is to be arrested how? No grey area.
good FUCK all these illegal aliens they are all criminals as soon as the cross our border illegally #BUILDTHEWALL
or maybe like I and other immigrants did and apply legally
I'll make sure I always have my kids before, during, & after I break any law.
Boohoo. It's called consequences! Maybe the child will grow up to respect the laws in place now, instead of breaking them.
how about a president illegally wiretapping the competition? maybe if you people stopped promoting ILLEGAL activity
.   When U Obey The Laws Of America, U Never Have To Worry About Being Deported. (Break The Law) Face Consequences.
Criminals are taken away in front of their children every day you twit.
Kamla bring all of them to your hone must be huge
Did not know following court order is wrong. I think you are wrong.
don't break the law, maybe?
this is deplorable. How can we protect our communities?! This is child abuse.
@bming5 Senator what action did you take?
OK, next time he has to be deported, they'll take the kid to Chuck E. Cheese. 
He has two prior criminal convictions and a deportation order dating back to 2014
criminals are arrested in front of their children every day. Maybe he should have followed the law.
So do you want to stop arresting all parents, or just the illegal alien ones? @SenKamalaHarris
He was taken away in front of his child. This is wrong. http://www.latimes.com/local/lanow/la-me-immigration-school-20170303-story.html …
@steph93065 @SenKamalaHarris many kids watch parents arrested becausebthey committed crimes. That is the parents fault.
If you are ILLEGAL...
It's sad, but it's taken 2+ years to track him down to enforce the 2014 order. He put his family in this position.
there is a price to pay when you break the law.  You should be applauding law enforcement for doing a great job!
and that's how we beeed home grown terrorists
this is a round up--notice  the blatantly cynical arrest of immigrants going to check in w/ICE, in full view citizens. Sad.
This is how children learn right from wrong when their parents fail to do it. Breaking laws have consequences.
it's always hard when a child finds out his/her parents R criminals. U know the same would happen if he shoplifted
Lots of wrong these days. Selective outrage.
this coming from someone who abused her position to keep legal the ripping of preborn babies from their mothers' wombs
Next time they should tell the kid to turn around and  warn her no peaking.
You are consistently more concerned about the "FEELINGS" of illegals than the SAFETY of taxpaying American citizens who pay your salary.
All of this is so wrong. So very wrong. #resist
Very wrong. He should have had more consideration for his child than to break the law.
He had 3 criminal convictions in CA & ignored a deportation order. Not a law-abiding person by any means.
not to mention he has been in this country 25 yrs, had 4 kids that we supported for 24 yrs.
Happens everyday to Americans who commit crimes why should he be any different?
When are you going to care for American CITIZENS?
Happens to criminals all the time.  His fault he caused it to happen.
imagine if he hadn't broken the law and none of that had to happen. You know what is wrong though? You.
This is almost as stupid as your asinine questioning about climate change during the confimation hearings.  Typical lib.
-he could have taken his child with him, right?
agreed, he shouldn't have been in this country illegally. Very wrong.
If he was here LEGALLY, yes. Something would be wrong with that.
good
So if you shoplift, bring your kids and stupid Democrat senators will try to stop the police from arresting you.
one less voter for your corruptness
So if you sell drugs, bring your kids and stupid Democrat senators will try to stop the police from arresting you.
yeah criminals are usually taken away in front of their children if they are around.
so where's your response when police take US citizens who committed a crime away in front of their kids?
that's right it happens every hour of the day. US citizens are arrested that don't follow the laws of this country.. cont.
and it's about time that illegals are too. They are not above our laws. Get citizenship, don't do a crime & you get to stay
So if you rob a bank, bring your kids and stupid Democrat senators will try to stop the police from arresting you.
say it with me....ILLEGAL ALIEN.
He shouldn't have been here.
If police detain a bank robber then find out he has kids, do you believe he should be freed so not to be away from child?
Example to the kid for why not to break the laws.
He is responsible for this...no one else. Get a grip, woman. @SenKamalaHarris @latimes
Ur senator of illegals now? Not 1st law breaker arrested in front of kids, not the last, not police or ICE fault
start representing the citizens of this state not those here illegally
- Wrong was his illegal entry in US putting his family in this position. It was him not us that caused heartache.
shouldn't have gotten that dui
@AngieCa63678036 @latimes  it's unfortunate not wrong.
Do Not Go Gentle into that good night
Yes, it is. I know that during PBO's administration millions were deported, but I don't recall anything like this.
His kids knew he was here illegally.  Daddy never explained the consequences?

Nope. What was wrong was him having TWO! criminal convictions. Should have been deported after ONE!
uhh...he committed a crime. Committing a crime is wrong. Enforcing the law is not wrong
.@SenKamalaHarris Get used to it.  We didn't ask him to enter our country illegally.  What part of #IllegalAliens do you not comprehend?
best news I've heard

This is a sad situation.The news that children could be separated at the border from parents is really bothering me as well
they can go live with their parents..
Time to get working on Immigration Law Reform. The '96 law is anti-family & draconian, talking won't fix it-get legislating
SO?

what about families getting illegally evicted?
You talk about this over any mention of CHP Officer Lucas Chellew's death/memorial. Your pandering is sickening.
Guess he's the first person ever arrested in front of his kids. Never watched COPS I guess
It's abhorrent!
Let's do something about it. CA (me) is behind you.
Yes, speak for yourself. I am from CA. I stand with Trump and the law
shame upon. I hope they become more demoralized and the man they arrested
the big brat president is fighting bsck6like the bully he is.
oh how sad!
