Hey it's not Trumps fault that Obama gave stupid poor, elderly and infirm people healthcare right?!!
I hope you didn't think my tweet was serious?
Dems wanted and passed Obamacare w/o reading it let's see what happens! You know it will fail! Should have worked with our PRESIDENT TRUMP!!
32 million Americans will lose healthcare coverage! Lives will be ruined, including mine. Pls vote NO!
32 million more Americans would be uninsured by 2026 under Senate measure heading to a vote - The Washington Post  https://apple.news/Aq4VsvZGaRaGGtH3kEd3FNQ …
Why doesn't anyone introduce the idea of cloning the insurance of federal employees / legislators??  It would boost the visibility.
sen you are delusional 32 mil bullshit
If only 10 million had Obama care  how can 32 million lose it health insurance you lie again
Absolutely, Ms. Harris. It is reprehensible with a capital R. I am proud to have you in our Senate.
It's legislative genocide
And how obvious is that..?
But, all Trump wants is a win & to dismantle PBO'S signature legislation out of spite. He doesn't care who is hurt.
Exactly. It's perverted. Sick.
But forcing men to pay for maternity coverage is not cruel? Economic Cruelty against men.
Please bring the dialog back to tort billing big pharma and FDA reforms insurance is not healthcare
Get your facts straight.  There's only 11 million people enrolled in Obama care, not 32 million.
Not only is this cruel, unethical & uncaring, but the economy will tank!
Why do you keep posting this ridiculous # made up by u and the rest of your commie friends try to ruin this country like you u did CA
California is thriving.
Of course it is....http://www.usdebtclock.org/state-debt-clocks/state-of-california-debt-clock.html …
$20 billion budget surplus
You crazy Dems just keep raising and raising these shot in the dark numbers of #ACA victims. 25M, 30M and now 32M...
Not only cruel. Slow genocide.

How can Trump state we have to get this health care bill done for Americans  Lies 
He  does Not  care for anyone  but he !
Congress should be required to use what they stick Americans with put up or shut up
32 million Americans will lose healthcare insurance, thousands more people will DIE yearly & thousands will lose jobs!
What can we Californians do to help stop this from passing?
Kamala Harris for President 2020!!!!!!!!!
Forcing 176 million people to pay for those 32 million destroyed our health care system.
And it's going to cost us dearly
Let's try a new tack then, Eliminate Health Insurance Companies from the Healthcare Industry. Single Payer If You Please!!
You are a sensationalist.
Maybe we can get him for murder if not for treason or money laundering
I think we shd keep ACA & make it affordable. Bring in the insurers, healthcare experts & let them make the changes that wld fix it.
hey Baracks girl, what health plan do you have, not Ocare I bet. Walk the walk instead of talking the talk. I want your care!
Care to explain how you rip Health Insurance from 32 Million, when only a TOTAL of 12.2 Million are even Enrolled???
Such a great deal that 6.5 Million Americans opted to pay $3Billion in penalties...
Congratulations on winning the Badgering Baffoon Award #SessionsHearing.  Hearing it bought a great PR Puff Campaign...
Any other R president & it could easily have steamrolled right through! #ImpeachTrumpNo
The R effort to help people by stopping helping them is level 11 cynical
Obama Care was insurance in name only. $10,000 to say you have insurance is a farce.
No Senator Harris, it's not only cruel. It's the GOP way!

All the more reason to #Resistance

It's a vendetta against Obama
Maybe even unconstitutional, it doesn't "promote the general welfare "
Still waiting 4 response. Why can't citizens have same coverage as Congress since we pay for it.  Simple application of economy of scales.
Whoa, it's 32 million now? What happened to 22? I suppose it'll be 100 by the end of the month
It'll be only be a small loan of a million people.
Republicans aren't cruel, they're evil.  They know exactly what they're doing profiting from killing people.  #Pitchforks&Torches
Trump is cruel, sadistic, a murderer. And he loves it. He seeks revenge somewhat "legally" and he is proud. He is our enemy
They just want the W, no matter the consequences.
It's simple tactics. First remove the existing system and then everyone will be in favour of what ever comes up no matter how bad it'll be.
I can't understand why people believe these lies
#WakeUpAmerica it's not too late. Thanks for your Amazing Voice @SenKamalaHarris
Trump thinks the dead costs nothing...
Every time u tweet this lie the number goes  higher what next time 50 million?
Not only cruel, but treasonous!
Senators should have the health care they vote for . . . Or against.
Pre-meditated murder.
It will mess up the economy too.
Senator, remember this? It's still true:
Meanwhile in the State Dept.  CLOSE everything.  We will be caught with our pants down.  NO ONE IS WATCHING the store. @Lawrence @latimes
Wish we could focus on Health rather than the system, the markets, the insurance companies.  Perhaps by 2018/2020?
Trump's Let Obamacare fail is this era's Let Them Eat Cake&clear abdication by a leader who is supposed 2 care for his nation NOT destroy it
He doesn't give a damn about the US! The fact that he doesn't pay any taxes, claimed bankruptcy 4x, ran a fake univ and charity tells u that
@BigBroadSports It's The Republican Way.
@SenKamalaHarris 6Dem/6Rep women get together in a room &complete healthcare reform 2gether on ACA! Please get 2gether w/the women&fix this
Pick ur strength @SenKamalaHarris @lisamurkowski @SenCapito @SenatorBaldwin & other female leaders. U r the 1s who will think about 
It's not cruel. It's much worse. Must be a number of possible prosecutable crimes that applies?
If GOP plans to take away healthcare from 32 million, I'm sure they won't mind giving up their own healthcare as well, right?
It's literally genocide, aimed at the weakest members of our society. Absolutely sickening. Makes me ashamed to be an American.
Worst then Hitler's numbers! Trump will go  down in history! He thinks that the republicans&democratics WOMEN R GOING2 WATCH THEIR KIDS DIE?
emphasis: system... if my fave restaurant is not paid by 15% of its patrons, i go without pan seared steak...if my hospital is unpaid by 15%
All about that base! It was a promise made, and God damnit will be a promise kept,no matter what! The hell with the American people! 
He never cared about the base! The base is poor! Chump is an elite. He misappropriated charity money. He's always about taking not giving.
This happens when voters get their news off twitter.  Example of Y  @realDonaldTrump said he loves the poorly educated.  YES-he said it 
#RepealAndDelay is a #Massacre.
Quit calling it “cruel” and “mean.” Call it what it is:  unacceptable.
It's inhumane.
But taking my money and giving it to someone else is ok? 
You mean taxes?  That's not really a new thing.
So then it's ok? Interesting take.
Taxes?
And DT will spin that it's Dems fault
32-million now....the number grows by every tweet...like the pain of Obamacare.
It's homicide.
Coming to D.C. August 4th - 7th.  I wish I could meet you and shake your hand!  I just love you Senator Harris!  You are my hero!
Apparently MAGA means thinning the herd.
GOP: "We don't need no stinkin health care system, uh...'They' don't-we do"
Why do my representatives who work for me have better insurance than I do? Equal access to equal healthcare is the only way that is just.
They're not your Representatives, they're your dependents and the true welfare queens!
Does the GOP have to get Moscow's OK on the health care bill ?
It's cruel and UNAMERICAN. What kind of leader wishes to impose a law that would directly lead to the suffering of his own people? A tyrant.
A legislative terrorist!
Yes!  Tweet post (notification) 47secs ago; Sen. Kamala Harris, will continue writing later this afternoon again. @ABCSTUDIOS ,NEW YORK
Republicans are cruel a**holes
Fun Fact: only 10 million in Obamacare. How is that possible Kamala?
It's 20 million
Haha. Even if you're right. How does 32 million get kicked off? #leftlogic
That number is from the CBO
Bro. Did you even open the document?  Even if it was CBO what difference does it make. You can have your head that far up Dems butts
If you want to believe the BS numbers fine. It's 10.3 million. How does 32 million lose their insurance? CBO was so right in 2008?
