But seriously, let’s talk about what women have gained under the Affordable Care Act and what’s at stake in this health care debate.
Before the ACA, insurers could charge women more just for being women & they didn’t all have to cover birth control or maternity care.
Under the health care bill House Republicans passed, states effectively could choose whether insurers are required to cover maternity care.
Supporting women’s health is not a partisan issue.
Abortion?  You seem to boil it all down to abortion.  If you want an abortion, go ahead, your decision, but don't make me pay for it.
@miya_papaya yaaaaaaaas kamala TELL EM
Was that a shot Kamala.  Seemed like a shot to me.
KKK in full force!
I don't think these experts are at any beer party tonight. 
Not one woman. For shame.
This has got to be sarcasm. The same could be said of lawyers determining medical law in general.
And especially wishing their wives a happy women's health week and a happy life.

Good 

see also:  @VP #Pence
I can't believe you put republican and expert in the same tweet...
Refreshing diversity here.
Too bad the most important people affected by this are not present (Women that is...)

Bwahahahahha


That is one scary picture

i love u @SenKamalaHarris
. That is a lovely group of experts, isn't it? SMH
@SenKamalaHarris why are there no women in that picture?
Our country is 50% female. Why isn't the panel deciding health care for Americans made up of 50% women?! Where is our equal representation?
That's a lot of eggplant :(

That pics looks like a washed up reality star is hosting a game show host convention at the WH.
Hey GOP. Are you that afraid of a strong intelligent woman? Of yes, you are terrified.
This would be funny if it weren't so terrifying as the GOP has become the #AntiWomenParty
I hope that they are all up to date on their mammograms and pap smears.........
Ooops - no uterus in sight. #IStandWithPP
Are you fucking kidding me?

A group of old white men that get free viagra
That's what I said too.....they get their fun pills covered and women's actual health? ....nope! Who needs that?! So sad and angry.
Don't let the GOP health care bill pass the Senate
I can't re tweet this 
Iretweeted it for you.
Where are the women?
From them "Happy Adam's Rib Week!"
Your kinder than I .  I wish they learn first hand the true cost of what it means to have no preventive care or reproductive rights
Bravo, Senator. Bravo
That's a whole lot of dicks right there.
Dicks with no penis or balls though.
Superb trolling! 
we all begin as female embryos
Wrong. I think you mean eggs. The sperm brings the Y chromosome.
This is awesome Senator Harris!!
NICE
Who else zoomed in and still didn't spot one single woman in there 
GO Kamala ! PREACH
There is ONE woman.... she's pretty much hidden by a man but she's there... to the right of the photo near the front
Thanks for the tip. Damn. 
She's lost her mind, if she had one to start with...
She was not easy to spot... I had to zoom way in and then search lol
Some finding Waldo business there lol
If men had women's health issues including pregnancy and menopause, there would be skyscrapers filled w ppl dedicated to research
I'd laugh if it wasn't so damn awful
.@SenKamalaHarris Savage
OH MY GOD! 
hahahahaha yeah, 'father knows best'
You know what would make this a happy women's health week? You got it-Affordable health coverage for all.
I'd laugh if only it weren't so very concerning.
Nice one!
So, according to your logic, women shouldn't be making/enacting laws that affect men, right?
..........................what?
IMPEACH HIM JAIL HIM LIAR LIAR IMPEACH HIM JAIL HIM #russianpuppet #crookedtrump @GOP @PRyan !! #resist #indivisible
GOLD #FreeCalifornia
Rekt
The shadeeeeeee get it bae

