Why does helping ppl seeking shelter have to become political?... I don’t think any party wants people to die.  Everyone should seek shelter
You’re deaf. Puerto Rico & ICE deportations with Harvey. She’s saying don’t die for fear of deportation
Ummm.... Yeah, and I’m saying that nobody wants people to die, regardless of immigration status or political leanings, so go find shelter
If it was true, then people should not be using it as an opportunity to herd human beings up because they don't have the right skin color.
We should be thinking about people’s safety, not rounding up people. I don’t know why ppl are talking like I’m an ALT-Right troll!
It's your choice to be what you want. I agree people's safety is important. However, officials are using these horrible disasters to herd
And round up "unfit" people. People who are needing to seek safety should be able to do so without fear
I totally agree and I hope that we do not do that.  This tragedy is simply bad enough to, doesn’t need to be worse
iCE didn’t deport people the first time! Where do these lies come from?
#Russian operative/bot
Now, U can have all the illegal immigrants pay for all the damage that the fires in your state has done. It is their turn to pay back, Okay!
Also, we should thank them 4 working the jobs native born Americans are "too good for".  So, no I don't think they have to pay anything back
That's such a total lie. DACA got free education. & college and competing for our jobs
DACA got more than that. Free housing, Free medical, Free food, Free Clothing, Free education & taking away programs 4 other students, etc..
That's not reality #alternativefacts .  I don't know who or what your sources are but you are very misinformed.
U Marisa r uninformed. Who do you think paid for their food, clothing, shelter & medical b4 18? We do via parent’s or guardian’s welfare.
Probably their parents.  Unauthorized immigrants aren't eligible for wellfare post 1996.  EDUCATE yourself.
They don’t own property so no property taxes which pay for schools. You think they pay the 1,000ssss of $ for medical bills? FOOL!
#whataboutism of your timeline 
In fact, Mike Pence was in Rancho Cordova, Ca 100 mi away on Monday. Then LEFT to go for $$ down south. Shall we make hay of that? /2
or perhaps we should stay on the topic at hand...which is Trump and ICE nailing people looking for life-saving SHELTER from storm/fire? /3
PS- how many people are using that avatar image? Sure seems popular on a reverse image lookup /4
The words are exactly right, but is the reality? Are they really safe?
It's California, so better than most.
True, and I am grateful for that
Did you leave your phone unlocked at a grade school again?
Provide a shuttle for them that will take them back to Mexico
my ass hairs are on fire...oh wait, let my check Twitter to see what I should do. You #DumbLiberalSkank
If you need to seek shelter for impending criminal charges, leave the country.
#Fraud
Are you in competition with Maxine Waters to see who can tweet the dumbest shit in 1 term?  Mad Max has an edge but you are closing the gap.
Do we have illegal immigrants here that would actually burn to death rather than risk being deported?
We need shelter from ur self serving votehounds,donate $2mex if u want. We pay u for American success.u serve cheater&blacks get sidelined
How about opening your doors, maybe allowing them to sleep in your walk-in closets?  Well, certainly, after they Swiffered and vacuumed!
Seek shelter...in Mexico
You don't want all your voters going back to Mexico do you?
Hillary Jr!
Don’t think that the Left wing filth that runs that state speak for all Californians. There are a lot of decent people there too.
If you are here illegally, go to the big shelter with the iron bars on the doors and windows. You will be "extra-safe" in there.
Just when I think your talking points writers can get any more ridiculous...
So, If you're here illegally, you come before the people I represent.  I'm counting on your illegal votes.  #GotIT
How awful that that even needs to be said.
Wtf????
Kamala Harris is a total idiot but she has a good chance of becoming the next president
In other words, if you're here illegally don't worry, #RealAmericans can fend for themselves. #kamala2020 
Things are nice down in   South of the border ,  Cabo is nice this time of year
Tu cabasa es no bueno!
You are really really important.
Open up your house to all those illegals.
Yes that big building that says ICE - they have cold drinks and other refreshments in there.
Nobody listens to you!!
You actually think people running for shelter are stopping to read your tweet, geez Ego much??
This might be the single dumbest thing I've ever read.
The wildfires have become an immigration issue? 
You are a great human being and ofcourse a better woman we need more people like you God bless you 
Hey Ms Harris, keep up the good work.
Has every immigrant signed up for military selective service, as the law states.
Keep up with your smart mouth woman. See how California does without it's Federal funding. #MAGA #BuildTheWall
You are such a ridiculous person. There is nothing you can say to fix your ignorant statement. Maybe you should actually try to help someone
Glad you're not concerned about US Citizens, just illegal immigrants. Voter ID is needed in CA due to politicians like this.
It is so sad that it is necessary to tell people this. Thank you for doing it.
If you’re an illegal alien from Mexico, head south until you cross the border. You should be safe there. Or Senator Harris can put you up.
Your constituency would be more than happy to help themselves to our services in your sanctuary state.  No offer required!
Kablahblah means Seek shelter in your closest ICE office or your closest demokkkrat residence.
No. The illegals can go to their own countries! When r u going to admit they have no rights for my tax dollars?
Only a US Senator can come up with something this ignorant
Well, unless you’re an actual citizen. If so then it’s to the back of the line for you. 
More Virtue signaling. 

The hubris is astonishing.
Madam, you are a donkey
Comments like this are why Democrats are doomed outside of 8-10 states. Death and despair turned into a churlish tweet by a B list politicia
I hope your house burns down
It appears that you think illegals are not smart enough to run in the opposite direction of a fire. You insult them.
Si Si Si
We're you born this way?
Really???  Never let a crisis go to waste for political points.
Can you give us your address again. thank you for offering your home to us.  Everyone, sen Harris home is open  please seek shelter there
This is why she fears for your safety
Thank you SO MUCH Kamala!!! My wife,2 daughters & I were coughing from smoke, fire near but too worried about our immigration status to move
Just think about the level of ignorance one must have to not flee from an inferno without reading your tweet #Dems =  herders.
* but No MAGA hats allowed , you will be turned away or beaten
@SenKamalaHarris why do you have a wall around your house?
If trapped, don't forget to check for pools behind some homes.
Perfect example of leftist mindset.  People are too stupid to evacuate a fire, they need the almighty Harris to guide them. RUN sheeple RUN
Does that work for a Canadian without legal status. I may not look the part
Please don't. If they weren't here illegally, they wouldn't have to be fleeing anything. Yep, I know. It's #coldhearted  sfw
That was dumb, wasn't it?
Kamala, just have the illegal aliens stay at your home until the fires subside. Isn’t your door open like the U.S. borders you want open??
Si está aquí ilegalmente, busque refugio en 630 Sansome Street Rm 590
San Francisco, CA, 94111. Te ayudarán.
My gawd woman you are close to brain dead
To your house?
Illegals are responsible for their behavior like everyone else.  Why does their crime get a pass?
Shorter: "In this life and death tragedy, let me score political points." All that's missing is a donate button.
I disagree with this statement. Many people are reasonably afraid of deportation, even in an emergency. @SenKamalaHarris is right!
Burn to death or live in tijuana what to do
Because california would hate to have to pay people more than slave wages to pick their lettuce
I can't believe you're that stupid, Harris.  A fire is not politically correct.
She’s that stupid
What? Quit playing politics and using disaster as a platform for your politics.
So insensitive not to tweet this in Spanish.
...and if you're an illegal convicted felon, head for the border.

Ummmmm... ummmm...  ummm.... ok well
@ICEgov can help you
So you give them permission to flee even if they're illegal. I hope they got your message! Because it was such an important one! 
R U Kidding.  Do U really think ppl will stop to read your useless tweet before fleeing for their lives.  WOW.  Such ignorance.
Sigh. Between this and invoking how this was impact of climate change...never miss an opportunity to politicize something huh?
Run right to her house. She’ll be glad to put you up.
Can I come to your house?
What's your address so we can post  it for where the Illegals?  #IllegalsWelcomedAtKamalaHarrisHouse
Thank you.  Without that, I would have stood outside in the woods waiting for someone to tell me what to do.
Take a break today  miss Harris
.You forgot to include your address. How many illegals can you shelter, (fugitives can you harbor), in your home?
Here’s an example of just one known one:
And yes....they vote....
Don’t forget to give them directions to voting locations as well. If illegal immigrants historically voted GOP, your tweet would not exist
My thoughts exactly
Get the names over to @ICEgov asap though
.
Thank you Ms. Harris
It's sad that you had to clarify that.

Bienvenidos Amigos!
Esta bien
Sin problema de inmigracion
seguridad
what a ridiculous, virtual signaling, absurd thing to say
I thought it was a parody acct!!! Omg
California is going down the toilet and hopefully it will take a majority of the democrats along for the ride
I don't think anyone was saying otherwise
It's really so sad that you have to say this.
I hear some Shell gas stations are price gouging during the fire escapes ( >$4./gal) isn’t that illegL?
It is horrific that you have to say this.  "Your lives will be saved, as long as you have documentation" is the beginning of the end.
Using Private Prison laborers 2 fight's women prisoners on the  frontline Kamala but Cali is saving millions while paying prisoners $0.76hr
I can’t believe we even need to say this. What a place we have become. 
You need to help them. They can't trust anyone. 
No fires in Mecico or further south.
I can't even believe we have to say this in 2017! #25thAmendmentNow
That is the humane thing to do! Kiddos Senator! We can deport them later once they are safe.
#Dotard promised this before/during national disaster & reneged. And yep, hauling parents away fr sick kids in hospital makes us suspicious.
The problem is they are probably not on their phones, no internet service.
Reina bella del  alma  descansando  que. Haces   ahora muy l love  eacribeme  te  necesito.  Mucho
how about caring about citizens? illegals do nothing but drain everything and take. I hope @ICEgov is there at any shelter 2 pick them up!
Me too
race or politics for u!!   U r relentless and so unprofessional.  U slept ur way to the top, u didn't earn it.  U bang 60 yr old at age 29
Kamalita  amor. My love. Mi  senadora  que haces  ahora  te  necesito  llama
Hola. Reina muy love  como.  Estas. Kamalits   que estas haciendo. Ahora.
It might help to also tweet this in Spanish and other languages. #fires #winecountryfires
Federal Immigration Laws exist for a reason. Why do you act like they do not? LEGAL immigrates > ILLEGAL aliens any day of the week.
How can they be sure they will be safe?  The evil occupant of the white house will use any opportunity.
At Kamalas house? Doubt it
Senator Harris's gated & secure neighborhood is not an option tho people.
When illegals outnumber Dem voters in your state you’ll start caring and stop making smartass comments!
There is a net OUT-migration of undocumented people in California, but of course you're unaware of that. It's why farms are struggling here.
Thank you
@LeslieMarshall Thank You Sen Harris 4 letting Calif stand as a commpassionist State.Stay away sessions
California is lucky to have Kamala Harris as their state senator.
Yes we are!
Unacceptable. This Is  the heart of the problem. Aliens drain and strain reliefs resources of American citizens.
Omfg this is the most disgusting thing I’ve read all day. Wtf is wrong with you!?!?!?
Name calling, nice. And shove your article, this has to do with victims of fires! Jfc!
Damn, is Illegal Aliens and Abortions is all you ever think about?
I'm in the North Bay. It's a hellscape. Trump's no-tweets about California fires is disrespectful to Americans, fire fighters & victims.
It’s impossible to believe them.
so easy for us to say.
We actually need shelter from Trump as well . He will let us all die
How heart-breaking is it that we have to make such a statement in this America? Well said Sen. Harris. But sad all the same.
No one was saying otherwise.  This is just her making a disaster political.
What if we need to seek shelter from this guy
WOW you drank a butt load of that liberal conspiracy kool aid! Bottoms up!
Because in California we care about your humanity and dignity, and appreciate your contribution to our economy and society.
Shout out out to ms13 go cali
Tragic that would be a consideration.  #ThanksTrump
