Keep up the fight to kill a million more babies. Ruthless. Heartless. Hopeless.
PP is the single largest _preventer_ of abortions in the US, by providing contraception to millions of people.
What are you smoking? PP is the largest promoter of abortion like CNN is the largest provider of fake news. Don't be so ignorant.
So proud of our young women and men stepping up to the fight for their country and future.
Future LEADERS standing up & showing up! This is great 

"The best way you can destroy a people, you take away their ability to reproduce themselves." #PlannedParenthood #margaretsanger

#Resist 
#ItTakesAWoman
Wow young Women with a mission!!
Advocating for more and easier access to baby killing. Such heroes!!
Don't be so boring and predictable.
Don't be so ok with your lack of morality.
You you Kamala! 2020?
Harris for President
Yeah, eugenics can be fun. It's a shame our tax dollars fund such racist, murderous operations.
You mean like the economic eugenics the Republicans imposed on people like me which forced me to get rid of pregnancies I couldn't continue?
Or does money suddenly come raining down on you when you get pregnant and lose your job?
Lol
You're all for abortion rights as long as it's not the abortion of you by your mother right?
You become more amazing every day, Senator Harris! You not only represent my state but human kindness and integrity.
so kind
There kids how can they be true activist. They don't know about selling baby parts and the true PP issues. Shame on u let them be kids.
These are young women, not children. They should be learning & developing their beliefs about the major issues of our time.
i wonder if those young sisters know black women have 4x the abortions of white women
Sure - Keep up the murder, and when Kamala gets her shot at running for the American presidency there won't be anybody left to vote for her.
Senator get ready for 2020
So proud and happy that you're in the senate. We need many more like you. #vote #2018
Yes, they are fighting. They are fighting to make sure the most vulnerable in society don't have a chance to fight.
You support baby killers? Damn i didnt know that
Activism is for people who have an emotional need to be right but can't justify their position rationally ...
... Like thugs with a low vocabulary, so they let their fists do the talking.
Keep up the fight. Fight, fight, fight. When will the violence stop?
you support killing babies doesn't say much for the kind of person you are
this is a beautiful sight. <3
You keep up the good fight yourself!!!
This photo brought tears to my eyes, literally. Seeing amazing young women fighting for their beliefs AND you (a true #FemaleRoleModel) 
Fighting side by side with you, Senator Harris, is an honor and a thrill. I feel part of something enormously powerful and good.
Nice to note that *our* Senators are not hiding from constituents.
Defund Pp the murder of innocent
@PPact you wouldn't name a hospital after the 4th RIECH BLACK people American women, she's not one of you; ask her WHITE HUSBAND.
Love to see young people actively engaged!
Planned Parenthood is the largest abortion chain in the nation and it should be federally defunded!
so you support the dismemberment and sale of baby parts? Good to know when your next election comes up
Tbone...meltdown in progress. Oh, the brand name carnage 
I never understood conservative support for UNplanned parenthood??
Understand it's about females' autonomy. They're not conservative. They're radical anarchists, for the most part, except for sex & religion.

thanks for fighting for US!

Proud to fight along side you! #StandWithPP
i believe in pro choice#just don't want to pay for it#teach accountability
Love seeing these young women getting involved.
Defund Planned Parenthood and send those High Schoolers back to class.
murderers!
Is it because PP wears pink instead of grey/green uniforms w/SS lightning bolts, knee-high boots, & death's head insignia why you  them?
Senator Harris -my aunt passed away 2 yrs ago and I was her personal rep. She left $$ to PP-made me so happy to write ck, wish could be more
How do you sleep at night - supporting killers of your own race selling baby parts on the open market. We both know the state has women svcs
Could you get them to pitch in some money??
They look so young. I'm so proud of them getting involved as young adults, we need their energy.
It's nice to see these young activists! More young women need to speak up!
Did you talk about PP's founder, Margaret Sanger and her beliefs?
you go, girls!
J/C...Who is this biggest male influencer in #PlannedParenthood?
I'm impressed with the age of these young women.Go get em.
Love @PPFA
I hope they told you "Run Kamala Run"
Off a cliff
Thank you Senator for fighting for all of us.  I can't rely on my senators.
We need to get our younger generation involved and LISTEN TO THEM!! It is THEIR future and ours that is at stake here.
Wait ... where's all the cops ... where's all the zip-tie handcuffs ???  What the hell's going on here ??? What ,.... Democracy ? Oh ...nm.
Please don't be a Hillary 2.0. The country will not support a person backed by Clinton donors . We need you to work for us not the elites .
YES ! THESE secs. Sen.Kamala Harris, your tweet post (notification).Im aware that the Senate has just gaveled out. Until later TOGETHER
We truly need you in the Senate!!
We love you!  https://www.amazon.com/dp/B072QWF8TL/ref=twister_B0721J1C4B …
