It's wrong. But we are powerless to their power. These old men want their 1950s back and we can't stop them. Their base will cheer US demise
I feel there was slightly more civility in politics. Now, civility is gone. Everyone is corrupt in WH. Bigotry and racism is now praised.
She knows her history.
Stop these horrible people! From day 1 it's been awful, now it's just plain terrifying!!
Please run for president. Signed, the world.
What are these bigots scared of. ( .. one doth protest too much...)
Senator,
Living this everyday on the job & with my HOA 
And I will stand & continue to RESIST by any legal means necessary
GO GET EM GIRL!!!
Why should gays get off when I can’t have sex with my daughter or underage girls?
This just irritates me.Whether I'm having a good time and a drink or at work,I couldn't care less about someone's love life.I don't get hate
Thank you so much, Kathy!
#DAResists 
GOP will demand chips in gay men soon so it's easier to track them down for trysts. Cuts down on toe tapping time in men's rooms #homophobia
Again? We're NOT going to legislate civil rights again! ALL People are equal, including transgender soldiers! WE are not going backwards!
Sessions is truing to bring back his "good ole days" draconian Reagan era policies that did not work.
Draft legislation that includes sexual orientation as a protected basis under Title VII! Please!
Making Russia proud
KAM- OH BUT HE IS FAVORABLE TOWARD BLACK PHYSICISTS
Thank you, Senator Harris 
#NoSalute45
Gay people lol
Best result:  Trump fires Sessions so that nasty little racist can go retire to his swamp.  Trump cuts (figuratively) cuts his own throat.
Fight like crazy to stop the crazy.
I wonder about this. Considerable scores of gay are reportedly still in the closet. Don't they pivot the balance to make such debatable ?
You are lying again.
Wonder if this'll keep 45* from firing Sessions? Probably not...
I am so embarrassed that he is from my state. Sorry y'all
They know. They do it on purpose because they WANT to discriminate against LGBTQ ppl. After all it's their last chance to discriminate.
Their "God" teaches them that "love the Sinner, hate the sin" means to destroy their liberties & lives (.) #RESIST @GOP @jeffsessions
Yep. Also "Small government" means "Stay out of my gun purchases! But arrest the man next door for having more fun sex than me".
Pode ate ser mais o foco e outro
White Sheet Sessions doesn't deal in love, but spreads his hate wherever he can
And this is why the #GOP won't support @jeffsessions' ouster by @realDonaldTrump - their ongoing attacks on minorities.
Ok, now they're just trying too hard to be dicks. Do they feel they're running out of time to be as horrible as possible?
Is Jeff trying to get back in Trump's arms? When we say 'You can't possibly get any more despicable', it's not a challenge!!
I thought this had already been litigated at the Supreme Court level. Must be a new twist. I just wish they would leave people alone.
Totally agree.

Women. We must unite.
Our country has been taken over by bullies, racists, prejudiced people. We are headed down the drain as there appears no stopping them. :(
Thank you Senator! I feel like I am in a nasty time warp back to day of hopelessness and darkness! Your light matters to me. Many thanks.
Why is it so difficult for them to not just realize they probably work with those in the LGBT community and not even know it. People too.
You are right Kamala - it's not who you love, but how you love.  And for some people, if you can love at all!
These are the folks running our govt. If they were black there'd be a bunch of white ppl talking abt how black ppl should be picking cotton
You have a track record of advocating for the LGBT community and fight for their rights and protections. That's for sure.
This is NOT what America is about!!!
#impeach
State protections do trump (sorry for the pun) federal protections, I hope.
So anything Obama did is being thrown out??  Such hatred for someone who brought us back from the brink of collapse.  Just because of color
Thank you Senator Harris. Justice Dept. saying "gay? learn to deal with the discrimination you deserve" feels like a knife through the heart
I'm sure some of these old homophobic men have some sexual fetishes that would make a hooker run, but let's focus on people in love. 
The people who are running out government have truly lost their minds
Is time still moving forward? It feel like we step backward two seconds for every one we gain.
Help!  The government is after us!!
I don't hv an ounce of Sympathy for Racist Jeff Sessions. He shldnt hv gttn job. KARMA is a Bish #MTPDaily #Hardball #SkinnyRepeal
"nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws."  14th Amendment. Gay and Trans folks exactly equal to ALL
I don't feel one bit sorry for Sessions. He is without a doubt the worst AG in history. He's also quietly going after voting rights.
In the U.S. basic rights are exclusive with Republicans.
Their Jesus practiced exclusive love of humans, too, I guess.
I have a young gay friend who voted for Trump. I keep sending him articles like this, I hope he's listening now.
Anything that happens to Sessions is well deserved he's a racist bigoted  hope Donnie screws him real good
This is wrong. Next these Racist will be weighing in against blacks in the work place
WATCH & RT
BRAVO @RepCohen
https://twitter.com/RepJayapal/status/890370855032700928/ ……/1
Call GOPHouse Judiciary 202-225-3951 & ask them are they pro-
https://judiciary.house.gov/subcommittee/full-committee …
"To take a question concerning the firing of James Comey, and turn it into a question about Hillary Clinton? 

This is unbelievable, sir." 
He disgusts me.
Shouldn't that change to injustice Dept???
We are going backwards....
this is getting stupid, so over all these twisted freaks that stole our WH and out congress w/ gerrymandering and purging votes!
This is Bible thumper shit. They've got too much money and bought their nose in what ppl do in the bedroom. Obsessed w/sex. Seriously.

And we thought we were making progress. Sad day.
With all due respect, wld like 2 hear the opinions of Senator Rob Portman, former VP Dick Cheney & Congresswoman Ros-Lehtinen abt this idea!
Aside from the fact that it's heinous in itself, it easily sets a precedent for future discrimination. The motive is vile.
Including loving yourself & who you truly are.
How can I both want him gone because he's a douche and not want Trump to replace him with a yes man?
Not being a protected class  ≠ "discrimination."

Stop lying.
Amen...none my business, and none of "theirs!"
These anti-LGBT people need to shut up. Their ideas won't fly! Trust me.
This isnt right jeff plz let them send you to Mrs.Claus
We are not a gender, but a population of humans. Something non-humanRepublicans don't get.So so Christian!Jesus is appalled.
This is so wrong.
#Calexit Get us out of here!  These people are crazy!
Yes
Why are these people turning the clock backward?
Its called emotions not discrimination 

Learn the differance
Fortunately in Britain this would be in breach of the EU derived Equality Act 2010. Well that is until it's repealed -------
EXACTLY, that is how we should always frame it
Should pay for sex change operations.I object to that!
Forget abt discrimination, doesn't apply.  If you are the best and brightest, ur in!
I submit someone dealing with gender questions, is ill equipped to do so while bullets are flying at them. I hope you don't think military
Military is all about the best and the brightest.  If someone can't decide what gender they are, are they emotionally ready to deal w/war?
But the military is NOT in the business of caring about FEELINGS.  How bad did my dad feel that he wasn't allowed in due to poor eyesight?
.@JeffSessions always discriminated against Gay Rights. Women are his close second - wait - that might be Blacks. Hard to tell.
@agjeffbsessions No person MEANING human being shall b #discriminate against! #WH Labeling/categorizing individuals not accepted.
American was built on, with and for diversity. We are not one person, we are all people. We are people with RIGHTS.
I love Senator Kamala Harris. Full stop.
Hugely wrong and not in the spirit of the 1964 Civil Rights ACT. Gender should be added as protected class.
You are so right Kamala
A bigot/racist all his life. To have someone like him as AG is to repudiate everything America has always said it stood for.
Wonder if Sessions is defending this discrimination against the #LGBTQ family because of Trump's threats on his job. 
It's Jeff Sessions, Mrs. Harris!
Thank you, senator
You discriminate against one group, you open the door for others!!   Someone has to stop this man!!
It will be women and blacks and natives next! Oh wait, it is already happening!
WTF!! So fed up with their continuous bullshit @realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse
There is no choice in skin color. I don't think I'm black, I am black. Can't change that.
Thanks for the thought but Trans is about what gender you feel and know you are...
This is why getting rid of Sessions is a plus.
I so hope you are considering a run for the Presidency. In the meantime thank you for fighting so hard for us all!
WHY DO WE KEEP MOVING BACKWARDS
because @realldonaldtrump committed treason, colluding with the Russians to steal the election from the more qualified woman with more votes

Evil Fucking Elf
Doesn't the US Constitution say that all men are created equal For the GOP it's only if U look like them talk like them share their ideals
#lgbtrightsarehumanrights #ImpeachTrump
I haven't had to worry about being shoved back in the closest since I came out at 13. What is going on?
This is beyond wrong. I feel so disgusted by this president 's agenda. How, in 2017, can we not be past this discrimination?
They pandering to the right because the right is waking up
What if we discriminated against short people?  Just as wrong as in other discrimination. Not a difficult concept.
Block this order from the president discrimination plain and simple
I believe everyone at the White House is day drinking now
Sutufents using bathroom in birth certificate rather then their gender.
Oh they weighed in as soon as they took office and dropped the case that was supposed to be heard by the Supreme Court. About trans
This is just Trump playing king again
This is the reason that I know sessions is getting what he deserves
We're at a point in time where protections need to be inclusive, not exclusive. This is GOP advancing towards voting rights discrimination.
Do you think simple morality is big with the crime cabal occupying the @WhiteHouse!
Then pass a law @SenKamalaHarris
I sure your in th right place but I think it's who they are not necessarily who they love.
This racist little weasel is exactly who we thought he was
Senator, thank you for fighting. I hope you will run for 2020, you deserve to win. Run with Ron Perlman, you'll be unstoppable!!
Kamala, ur 2nd most corrupt politician after liar .@MaxineWaters. How's ur .@CongressEthics invstg? U toast yet?
Corporations are not people and that is wrong. Yet you chose the establishment instead of the people.
They are flaming the culture wars to mask their gutting of America.
It's easy to tell what this administration is doing right and wrong. Right: Nothing. Wrong: Everything. I can't stand it.
This is more than who they love. It's at the core of who they are. #BornThisWay
What is wrong is that Title VII doesn't include sexual orientation, this is the fault of Congress. Sessions is following law. U can fix TVII
Will they be bringing back slavery next?
I can't fathom how much this administration is reversing the civil rights progress we have achieved in the past several decades.
Why I really hope you can find your way closer to the middle! On the one hand, care for all. On the other, higher taxes. Contradictory.
Trump is so proud of his little mush-mouthed elfen bigot today! You may kiss the ring. You're still getting fired this weekend though.
The Caribbean Thanks You Senator Harris
Instead of changing laws, which is your job, you mislead. accurate headline would be: Justice Dept Says Laws Should Be Applied As Written
This is the result of the recent and dangerous disregard for church and state.  Not only is government forcing discrimination but religion.
You are an amazing person! Thank you for your dedication to this country and ALL of its citizens.
I really thought we had taken care of this... so wrong.  #Resist #LGBTQ
Title VII does NOT address sexual orientation.  The DOJ is simply stating that fact.  The plaintiff's attorney should know better.
Putin will be proud
Your republican colleagues won't do a thing about it either.  Please keep standing up for all of us.

I guess people making these decisions haven't been loved enough in life so they try 2punish others who have love
Sessions is an unconstitutional nightmare.
People can disagree. Get over it. You are in  dc to ensure limited govt not to champion social experimentation.
Squawk!
Get some new material shemp.
Ask 10 ppl to define discrimination. You'll get 10 different answers. "I know it when I SEE it."  Not good enough...
He is a living breathing reason we need the laws along with the Wh
Sessions is trying to get back into the good graces of the man-child in the oval office.
Who will he go after next?
Women!
@potus "was advised" by military brass on this but his chief of staff said there wont be any policy changes 'til directed by prez
 lie?
So if someone loves a 10 year old, we should just let them go at it? Don't discriminate right? And how dare you if you call it disgusting.
The truth is you discriminate, you just view your discrimination as acceptable.
Hey Sessions, you are full of it.
A bunch of antiquated out of touch dinosaurs who should be in a nursing home never mind capital hill
A disgusting trend continues
angry elf has a deep dislike for minorities. Perjured himself still AG, lies cont. Dems not doing much for the ppl. more action less talk..
Thank you! I can't tell you how much this means to us. #loveisloveislove
One day soon you left wing parasites will be out of politics forever, you're ruining America will lies and distortion
The continuing attacks on our country's citizens is so horrifying. Thank you for fighting for us. So thankful that you are my Senator!
Our government is run by old people that should have died years ago. Hell doesn't want them because Satan would be out of a job.
We were all warned
Protection should exist for you if you are an American. Period. American & straight: Protected. American & gay: Not protected. ??
YOur in government, change the law make it better! LGBT's have only been recognized as real people for the past 10 years, they have rights 2
Calling your XX or XY IDENTITY A DISEASE IS A H@TE OF YOUR OWN RIGHT & RIGHTS OF M@LE OR FEM@LE GENDER PURPOSE!
Thank you, Senator Harris. In this time of horror and despair, you are a voice of hope, wisdom and inspiration.
Well, Senator Harris!  I had high hopes to vote for you in 2020.  My husband and I give up, though.  We're moving overseas.  Good luck, USA!
Trump's (Bannon's) signiture on bill that gave the right to discriminate is wrong.Why does he encourage violence?
right or wrong Title VII does not cover Sexual-orientation.  Its congress' job to fix this, NOT THE JUSTICE DEPT. Sen. do your job!
Congress needs to do something about this mess we have in the Whitehouse.
The US Justice Department is arguing in favor of legal discrimination against LGBT!
Bigotry is running wild in DC!
Hating the gender you were born of your own XX or XY identity is H@TE against LOVE! Denying you own identity is h@te against m@le or fem@le!
i have no idea what you're trying to say here.  I assume that you still think XX and XY are the only two sex's that show up in nature?
Con pretzel logic 2justify their hatred.It defies any scientific rationale as billions of various chemical reactions determine sex of 1
There is NO Chemical in the body that makes someone deny a body part & claim its not real or want a body part that does not naturally belong
if I decide I should have been born an amputee can I cut my hand off?
This is Horrific!! Just what is @realDonaldTrump Sessions & @Scaramucci up too deflecting from Russia Investigation?
I know you're busy working on health care but you guys need to start working on curtailing this toxic Administration
69 years to the day after Truman desegregated the military Executive Order 9981 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Executive_Order_9981 … #Trump does this!! #DOJ Stop this!!
It's more than wrong, it's disgusting.
As the mother of a lesbian teen, this administration scares me. Thank you for fighting for my kid, and for all of the "rainbow tribe."
My gay daughter couldn't give a Shit about the LGBT laws and lives her life on her terms. Try it it's truly empowering.
How many times does this have to go to court before people realize that gay ppl are real, not going away, equal, & may be in their family?
Oh STOP IT! Thats NOT about LOVE! Stop with the #Obama propaganda lies! Denying your own XX or XY is a delu$ion. LOVE IS NOT HATING your S3X
Plz research real medical data. Gender identity isn't determined by simply xy xx. Instead by amount of testosterone & AMH in fetal develpmt
U don't know what U are talking about! All my statements are based on scientific FACTS.Going to tr@nz liberal l!e sites doesn't make it fact
how about actually doing something about it rather than telling us what is wrong. Both sides are guilty of this. It's not helping w/anything
You would know about racism.  You are the biggest racist, behind that SOB #44 ever
...and it just keeps getting better...
trumps way of making america great is to get rid of everyone that is not like him... who's next
It's a back door to Jim Crow, if you can discriminate due to a person's sexual partner then it's an end around to racial segregation
Cue the argument: "I fired him because I thought that he was gay, not because he's black"
Just when I think I can't be any more disgusted by them.
Trump supposed to honor Officers that saved Scalise's racist hide today? She is a married Lesbian.
& why protectng Sessions, so itll help or hurt Russia case's Very dangerous
Trumps getting nothing done
Sessions is destroying Liberty daily
Love is love 
Just when I thought of giving Jeff a chance.
People like that always reminds you don't they
Exactly.
How are we even having these conversations?  Where were all these bigots in the 60s and 70s when mose of the US already worked through this?
Sessions is being treated bad.Sessions needs to be watch because he is carrying out Trump's agenda under cover.
Are we being suckered into their strategy? Good guy bad guy to get what the administration wants? This pic looks funny.
You raise a very interesting question. Maybe we'll find out in next week's Generals in White House, the soap opera that never disappoints.
YES! Sen. Kamala Harris your tweet (notification) 1 min, ago ;  Senate Vote again today, later this afternoon. You seem to be later Tweeting
1:15pm  Voting on portion of Health Care Law, Watching, Sen Kamala Harris
YES,  Having Voted,  also talked to Senator's at Reading Desk of Senate Clerk, for now left Senate Assembly Chamber.
Lost any bit of sympathy I had for our Keebler Elf AG
Please do something to change the law. We're fine in Cali, but rest of country needs the help.
We just want to EXIST in peace. :(
