Why not show America what Congress gets for Healthcare? We taxpayers pay for GOP Congress' healthcare, we should get EXACT Same plan(s)!
It's not just GOP! The democrats get it as well.  Your affliction with the Liberalism disease is affecting your ability the think. #rabiddog
Uh oh. You better get off Twitter fast!   It's run by Liberals in Pelosi's district. You might get educated by liberals being on here
Haha thats a good one.  Bay area liberals are why things are so bad in California
Haha. Yes being 6th largest economy in world so bad!
Mismanagement by Sacramento dems have also spent us into deficit.  So 6th largest economy has no value when taxed to death.
Check out GOP states
Oh & lets not forget Oakland city council permit denial for a coal export terminal that would've would've created 400+ jobs.
This tax cut for the wealthy disguised as a healthcare bill will legalize murder.
Oh legalize murder.  You mean like Planned Parenthood right.  That is murder and the democrats subsidize it.
Using PP is a choice. Taking away life sustaining medical care from desperately ill people is not. This despicable act equates to murder.
Prove your point.  Show me in the bill where it does that.  Otherwise stop spewing Democrat hate and rhetoric until you can.  #wasteoftime
I admire them. They are fighting and resting for what is real and what is kind in this country and this world.
Standing firm for what? Shooting down #SinglePayer ? Failing to prosecute Steven Mnuchin's bank? Such great #Resistance #OwnedTogether
Aww...'y'all aren't Dems anyway' but demand our $$ and our votes. Two terrible months of fundraising & losing special elections. Good job!
Hot sauce Hillary is the queen of the shakedown. And actually it's you Clinton Democrats who should rightfully join the Republican Party.
My Pre ACA story and why I'm fighting #trumpDEATHcare
We must #saveACA #hellerVoteNO
I don't know exactly how you feel, but I live with stage 4 endometriosis, adenomyosis, ovarian cysts, & fibroid tumors. I'm here w/& for you
And I'm here for you .. we've both been through a lot.. #inResistance #muchlove #theResistance
If everyone elected to office had your common sense, we could move forward at a much faster rate, Senator Harris. Just sayin'...
Run away from DiFe.  Her ship is sinking.
Thank you! I have called your offices and supported your stance.
I hope you shamed her for choosing insurance donors over the people, bc @senfeinstein doesn't support #MedicareForAll. She's too greedy.
Feinstein has been a Senator for a million yrs. You have an elder who prob. uses Social Programs. R want to take that away but u attack a D?
So it is now forbidden to criticize bought/selfish Senators ?
If thats how you interpreted that then Idk what to tell you
I interpreted as we need to only focus on the more selfish senators.
Thats not what I said. So thats on you.
Not stopped just perfected
Kamala, have been a R all my life, now a D; please don't let me down; my friends need health care. Fight for it; so proud of you so far! Go!
How many GOP can you convince not to vote yay
Any Government-subsidized "care" is disastrous, no matter how you call it. Trump is trying to modify what need s to be killed.
As a CA resident I'm glad my senators are on board. This "wealth care" bill must be defeated!
As a Californian you should also be outraged that they just killed Single Payer for the state 
It's disappointing, but it's going to be really hard to do for any single state. Great in theory, near impossible to implement.
Not impossible at all. It would save CA billions but your beloved democrats are in pockets of big pharma.
Now what are you gonna do?!
Great! Please also talk re: ideas to improve ACA.  I hear no counter narrative about death spirals.  We cant turn into the party of nope.
I really hope 3 of the GOP votes No! I don't even want to see Trump voters suffer but maybe they'll learn from it and vote 4 self interests
Wish Senators could all be California girls!! #goodvibrations #VoteNoACHA #SavetheACA #RESISTANCE
What about single payer in California, the state you represent?
Wow! What a courageous stand to take. Speaking out against a HC bill with a 17% approval rating. How about standing up for #SinglePayer now.
Where's that single-payer bill in Sacramento?
Please find a way to stop this monster! #StopTrumpCare so many people will be hurt!
Can you get on the phone with @SenatorCollins ?
Was yesterday,haven't tried yet today.
Medicaid is NOT being cut that is an out and out lie from Democrats, the percentage of growth is being cut, not ONE PENNY from program
Thank you!!!
Please stop  this bill! Counting on you!
Stop the millionaires from robbing the middle class and poor! Trump is the ring leader! I say impeach!
Fix your own rigged state party, first, since the pharma lobbyist chosen for Dem Chair will never, EVER let Californians have #SinglePayer.
The problem is the @TheDemocrats can't get their voters out to vote. Now because of this your helpless,were helpless.People need to VOTE
Agree people do need to vote. A weak Voting Rights Act and gerrymandering have taken there toll. So many people taken off voting rolls.
Wealth people vote. Which is why thing are the way they are right now. If the lower and middle-class realized their both fighting the same
I like vote by mail only like Oregon. They have good voter participation.
Vote by mail is a proven system. Our senator @RonWyden has a bill for national #votebymail.
You decided this LONG b4 senate bill came out. You can b part of solution or part of problem. Ur choice.
Thank you for everything you do. If you ever decide to run for President I'm with you all the way  You have my "LOYALTY" Ms. Kamala 
And... how about dems not allowing us single payer in CA? Shame on both parties
What can we do in CA?
Call GOP Senators offices.
Yes! I have been.
Great. Every voice counts!!! 
I think I've called a couple of 'em twice !
What do you say to them when you call?  And who answers??
If it's a Senator from your own state, like mine (Arkansas) add in that you will vote against them in their next campaign.
If this bill goes through, we'll hear story after story about loved ones with coverage that ran out 1/2 way through CHEMO.
But u haven't listened to any about Obama care? Why? Cuz MSM won't tell u!
Obamacare isn't 100% ideal, but fixing it is the kind and smart thing to do.
You say you have no savings. Why vote against your interests?
This is a start to fixing. It's not a repeal- which is why Republicans aren't on board! It EXPANDS MEDICAID in Ca! This is dream bill 4 dems
Any possibility you got @SenFeinstein to reconsider her position on single payer? No? Ok, quietly dying here.
Local leaders? Did you talk about SB562?
You just figured this out? News flash right here

Why don't you and other over payed do nothing dems actually come up with a better plan? Aca died, get off ur back close ur legs n DO UR JOB
If it can't be stopped can blue states band together to offer some sort of universal option?
Yeah, because the red state I'm in sure isn't going to offer diddly
.@SenateGOP #KeepAndImproveObamacare
Over 6 million Americans pay over $3 billion/year so they don't have to buy Obamacare. How bad a system is that?
No more disastrous than Obamacare.  Work on something that works don't just be a party hack.
@HRCisMyPOTUS @SenFeinstein Imagine if @TheDemocrats showed ANY interest in working on healthcare bill as @POTUS wanted.
@HRCisMyPOTUS @SenFeinstein Well if @TheDemocrats WORKED together wt @POTUS as he wanted they'd have NOTHING to bitch about
Thank you we will keep calling
But are you going to support #HealthCareForAll ?
Way 2 do that is 2 support what most ppl want: #SinglePayerNow. Oops! Ur party killed it in CA. What say u abt that?
Accountability 2 ppl of CA means fighting 4 #SinglePayerNow . Dems won't do that.
oh, you mean the copy of 'Obamacare'? Why didn't you say so earlier!? Never bothered you before! You are both out of touch with reality!
Please run for president!!
Oh really? 2 little & way 2 late. Status quo Dems all knew Obamacare wasn't meant for long term, but sat on their hands. Spare me faux anger
How? What do you suggest we do??
I'm with you and Senator Feinstein.
Thank you Ms. Harris for looking out for us the way senators should. Thanks to Diane Feinstein as well. You both are great!
Not a word about CA screwed over Fri@5PM by a fellow Corp tool DemocRAT @Rendon63rd who killed single-payer in OUR state! #MedicareForAll
Thank you, Sen. Harris and Sen. Feinstein.
America First PAC is paying  big $ to run ads against Heller change his vote & the Koch brothers are bankrolling the rest of the yes men

is that the same approach your state took except with a good bill
 Senate Women 
We will #RESIST all cost. We can't let Trump and friends destroy our healthcare. We want our Democracy back!!
Don't give up the good fight. Families depend on it Kamala. #ImpeachTrump
 Thank you, Kamala! I've been pleading with our @SenatorCollins to put country over party with her vote. This just can't go through.
Cut the crap.  If you and your ilk refuse to fight for/vote for #SinglePayer, you're no different.  You also want poor people to die. Period
So stop it, already...
Ms Harris, could you explain to me why there can't be a health care reform bill w/o tax cuts for the rich?  Thanks!
Yes so many will die ~ including me
Maybe doing leg work like Bernie on his 3 state bus tour....the first crowd was yuuuuge #Bernie2020
I just don't understand why this bill can't be stopped. Don't these people "work" for "We The People"???  #BlowMyMind
Yes, you must do everything in your power to stop these murdurous greedy madmen
What are your positions on @rendon63rd blocking SB 562?  As health care is an overwhelming priority for Americans?
Thank you for your support in these trying times. you and others really make the difference. do what you can so this injustice wont pass
Thank you for your hard work looking out for American citizens
@jofifihn @SenFeinstein 
Please add an amendment to access 45's tax returns & it won't pass. House voted it down 10 times.
To fight against the @GOP Healthcare Bill. Need to identify a move forward strategy with #ACA the framework is solid. (1)
The changes identified and long range strategic plan needs published. Then make the necessary fixes to keep ACA the law of the land (2)
I'm proud of California like I'm of my own NY.
Thank you
Say no to Koch brothers death care bill. Time to shine a bright light on these twisted, extremist distorters of democracy– masters of GOP
Please stop it Senator Harris! Not sure what Dems can do, but it's a terrible travesty that will actually kill people!
Agree. Obamacare has been disastrous
Amendment after amendment after amendment... ad infinitum
Don't care what u and your Dems liberal local leaders agree to.  U had ur chance and f$$ked it up.  Find a corner and suck your thumbs
Thank goodness
Please fight for our children, our seniors, and those with disabilities. The rich don't need to get richer on their backs. #Shame&Outrage
Please stop it for the children sake!!!
Which 1?
The current disasterous
#obamacare
#entitlement that
Steals money from ppl 2
Pay 4 insurance 4
Non-productive poor?
@congressdotgov
how do you both feel about @Rendon63rd blocking bill passed by Californians?
do you mean CA #SinglePayer that @Rendon63rd stopped ignoring will of people? Because you haven't said word
Please don't be partisan @SenKamalaHarris . I've personally  been on and off Obamacare, its not good.  #worktogether !
Thank you!
Is there a plan to stop it?
So...what are we going to do to stop it?  Perhaps a public sit in to stop the vote or Dems finally shut this inept admin down
A disastrous healthcare bill was Obamacare or have your forgotten it's a TOTAL FAILURE?  Obvious Dems aren't very honest & this one isn't
How about agreeing on single payer for California. Help us out
So how do you propose to stop it without votes?
Do you have anything to say about CA squashing single payer bill to help GOP & AHCA in killing your constituents? Or r u just "Trump bad"?
Actually, you and @SenFeinstein need to be stopped.  How are those corporate donations coming?
Disastrous is the description of ObamaCare. An utter failure on every level from website to co pays.
EVERYONE KNOWS THIS.
STOP THE STUPID.

did you discuss the single payer bill in California that's being blocked by a democrat?
So ........ do you support single payer? Your state could be on the verge of passing it into law.
I think she's talking about California single payer...not sure, she certainly hasn't endorsed it!
The govt should stay out of healthcare. Obama care already cost me my policy.
Stop the beast!
Yes stop this insanity
Good job #protecthealthcare
Thank you!
Love to help out, but "I'm not there yet..."
This is your time. Overturn this this disastrous bill, and work toward a single payer solution. Please also support #SB562
And single payer in CA apparently. 
Many thanks to you!
California has two of the best Senator's in the country...Thanks...Harris & Feinstein!!!
What we need a single Payer not Obamacare or Trump care! Screw corporate Democrats we need to destroy them!
As opposed to Obamacare?  What a ruse on the American people. "You can keep your plan." "You can keep your doctors". We're not all buffoons.
Thank you Sen. Block this bill any and everyway you guys can.
Tell us how to help. We're making noise but they're not listening. With such limited time, where do go, what do we do, who do we see/call?
How do we stop it?
And the other one worked well didn't it?
Sen Harris, let's keep OCare since NO ONE can AFFORD the PREMIUMS or DEDUCTIBLES resulting n NO ACCESS TO CARE. A LIB/DEM FAILING HLTH CARE!
Invite more ppl from outside ur elite social + professional circles into the straegic thought process, and maybe u eill win more elections.
What about  the three horrible anti labor house bills released last week!!! LABOR CREATED THE MIDDLE CLASS AND CAN AGAIN!!!
What about CA single-payer?
Omg how?!???
the disastrous healthcare bill must be stopped. And single payer should be the replacement. But dems leaders act like they support it.
how sway?
stop the lies and hate
@fallfares @SenFeinstein Now what's the plan? Delay? Hope Rs revolt? Calling my Dem Senators is preaching to the choir.
Thank you! Oh, you look very presidential to me!!!
And what about CA shutting down its own single payer bill? #hypocrisy #OwnedTogether #SinglePayerNow
THANK YOU! I want to cry! Thank you!!!
Yes. GOP want to chng Bcuz they hav ownership in Rx & Ins companies. Not in fixing what might be problem in ACA for people. Not the rich.
Thank you Senator Harris!
No to cruel revisions to ACA.  Give to the rich and make the rest of us sick & poor. Who is going to buy all of the products we produce?
SINGLE PAYER NOW

Now if you would just talk w/Speaker Rendon of CA to let #SB562 go through the assembly. It's a beginning to saving lives!
@rosemhook @SenFeinstein thank you. Please commit to #withholdconsent & #filibusterbyamendment SYOP the #heartlessGOP
We need you to fight for #sb562 #SinglePayerNow Rendon killed it at a time when we need it the most. Let CA lead the way to #Medicare4All
Please also make a call to the CA legislature and get them to unkill #SB562.
For this contract tech writer, the ACA equals consistent insurance & the best coverage of my life. Please fight for it!
Please stop calling it a health care bill, its not. trumpcare, tax break for the rich
Dear leadership-thank you.

Ps the Fiasco of Obamacare is collapsing as intended and if you think we Americans want socialized medicine you are clueless.
So is that the plan Obstruct people from having healthcare. Obo care failed. Many have no insurance, Do you think of those people? Shame!
You Diane Feinstein and Nancy Pelosi are such embarrassments. Your dishonesty and sanctimony is disgusting to us normal Californians.
You have left Americans out on the streets homeless. LA -San Fran most homeless.And you people pay for refugees and illegals. Shame on YOU!
Sad that the dem are now worried about healthcare. You had 7yrs. and did nothing. Know you just want to obstruct. Rep at least trying.
Yes! Please block it however you must - slow Senate business to a crawl, filibuster by amendment - anything to prevent a vote. #NoAHCA
There was a doubt?
Please, American lives are literally at stake here & the @GOP clearly isn't the least both bothered by this. #AHCAKills #AHCAisIMMORAL
Okay! What are you doing to stop it?
I am waiting for the Dems, like you, to step forward with a concrete program of specific fixes to AHCA, or single-payer buy-in. Something!
Medicare for All Act HR 676 with 112 Co Sponsors is stuck in committee by the R controlled House
Should be single payer like Calif. proposal.   Oh wait.... that was unaffordable
Thank you for working for the America people.
Was that before or after you arranged for all that PP $ that then made you file bogus charges against CMP?  Corrupt pig.
You're speaking of Obamacare of course
Do whatever it takes, please! Thank you.
Love you Kamala!!  You are truly a Senator for the People.  We miss you in Cali but glad you're still on stage, just a bigger one now!
No shit, but what about cosponsoring HR676 the Medicare for all bill. Too many Dems are not signed on to it. #EnoughIsEnough  #DraftBernie
I wish my senator @marcorubio was like you.  Instead he votes for party not people.
The only thing that scares Trump is massive demonstrations. Be a leader and organize demonstrations in major cities.
Rut roh.  Look out, the "resistance" is coming! lol Everyone is really quaking in their shoes now. 
great news, Senators! So what are you and your party doing to STOP this thing? #KillTheAHCA
Question for you; Why aren't the Democrats planning a filibuster of the Healthcare bill, to give you time to inform your voters?
You two are my senators so thanks for fighting! What else can I do? Who else should I call?
Thank you for fighting!
Ms. Harris should run for President in 2020.
I applaud your determination,courage and strength. Keep on rockin. #followthemoney
Thank you Senator Harris.  Stay strong as if our lives depended on it ...and they do!
But it won't be stopped. We all know it's going to be the law of the land soon. Thanks for your efforts, but you know it's true.
Hey. You Democrats screw America with Obama Care. So screw you. The Democratic Party needs to get rid of YOU, PELOSI, AND FIENSTEIN.
