You should live by MLK's words, but choose to vilify whites instead.  #NotFightingCivilRightsAgain  #GetOverYourself
Thinking of these words by #MLK we should judge each other by our actions and not our skin color........all lives matter
This from the woman that spews hatred everytime she questions someone on the senate floor.  Talking over, interrupting, told to shut up
At least I think you're a woman.  Being from Crazyfornia, it's hard to tell
A good idea for the Nazi Rallies.
I certainly hope he's right.
2020 HARRIS PRESIDENT ; #UNITED #WE #STAND.
Until you have to rebuttal for a point made, then out comes the race card.
@LESTERJ205
'Brotherhood' will NEVER be achieved as long as you & your cohorts (including media & #Antifa) continue to race bait! It's not MLK's vision!
4 #MLK those r action words not platitudes. @SenKamalaHarris is MIA, along w/ @DNC
I love you.
islam needs a lessons.frm kristian,believe me they are.number one.cunning.religion in.the world
Absolutely Sen Harris! Just so difficult when you see the same group, doing same stupid shit! 100s of years, it's childish and embedded!
@JBayB1 ur not a graduate of Dr MLK U! He's said "it's not the color of one's skin, but rather the content of character..!
You 'use' MLK words conveniently but won't speak out against reverse discrimination toward whites. MLK would be fighting for THAT to be gone
I wouldn't even mention Dr. Martin Luther King in the same breath with you Senator. Nice try.
When are you going to update me on your cohort's threats to murder me Kamala @SenKamalaHarris?  cc: @jeffsessions @TheJusticeDept @FBI
If you're a JFK Democrat this party no longer represents you. New Dems represent socialism globalism open borders debt Antifa PC corruption.
I really Miss Reverend Martin Luther King..... 
@AlamoOnTheRise Amen
When globalism is really pushed by the globalism via their religion via the Bible #Leviticus then we see it is an end time cult pushing lies
Says the lady that Martin Luther King Jr. would Disagree with when it comes to Policy and personal empowerment.
Said the lady who refuses to let her Poor voters know they have equal opportunity and will never become middle class without working for it.
Said the lady who would lie to you for your Vote......#NoIncumbents2018  @pkmetak
Said the lady who told you your health ins. cost would go down when she knew it would increase rapidly under ObamaCare.
Said the Lady who supports those who would attack you if you assemble to voice your opinion and they disagree with you opinion.
Said the lady that allows abortion clinics to place aborted babies on cold floors in closets until they die because they were viable.
Said the Lady trying to undermine our Democracy so she can put a Social State in which will rule over the people. She can't define fascist?
I wish these were the words of today's left. That "love conquers hate" mantra has been. regrettably, forgotten.
Kamala Harris you are the TRUTH! Keep doing what you do. We love you.
Thank you!

O My God
What a coincidence our strong guts, instincts quite matches as we truly salute #TRUTH Today reminding us Dr. #MartinLutherKing Jr.
http://history.house.gov/Exhibitions-and-Publications/BAIC/Historical-Essays/Introduction/Introduction/ … !st black dem to serve 1935? Black repubs been serving since1870.Y? #DEMSARERACISTS
Yes! Peace & love will eventually prevail. Otherwise, we're hopeless.

God Willing, it will happen sooner, please senator keep on working for the love and peace.
Truth is never "UnArmed"
As am I. The words of a child: Anne Frank "Despite everything I believe that people are really good at heart"
Unfortunately I think this is a permanent state with our current Leader. His hate bleeds on everything. we are all touched by it.
But as MLK  and even Jesus proved the triumph of love often comes at a high price Being politically centrist in these times=appeasing evil
Dr.King would be appalled at DNC/left hateful speech against Conservatives & calls for violence/take to streets/"fight". I remember him!
I appreciate that you shall therefore champion BDS, then! O, wait...
I prefer one about judging by  character not by the color of their skin, but that wouldn't fit Democrats agenda.
Thinking of these words from Dr. King today. 
The day has around again when action speaks louder than words. The fascists most be stopped again. Sooner rather than later

Martin Luther King is the exact opposite of you and your liberal friends you are the party of division and hate bringing down America
Thank you Senator. Wishing us all love in our lives.
So so relevant in today's world
Amen
IMPEACH INCARCERATE TRUMPS PENCE CABINET  GOP REPUB ELECTORAL FLYNN GUILANI GINSBURG SESSIONS STEIN Chao, DUNES Manafort
Welcome Mam, Bhawani Selvaraj - Cognizant Technology service HR should be suspended 3 years, Hi Tech Criminal team by her in India
Heard King preach in Grace Cathedral Sunday before the Selma March. Deeply moving sermon on value of ecumenical pursuits.
I want to believe it but he was assainated. Another person just got ran over for being right. We have a long way to go. What do we do?
Keep doing what you do ...you are national treasure
MLK was a leader, a patriot, a Christian, a hero. It's right that we celebrate his memory & legacy. Can U imagine Donald Trump Day? I can't.
he was also a republican  - he'd be appalled by what these opportunistic fame whores like @SenKamalaHarris are doing to incite violence
why only 3 members of congress publicly calling for impeachment?  that's what i don't understand.  EVERYONE should be impeaching
You are confusing impeachment with censure. Must break laws to be impeached.
@Powersource36 
Pls everyone make this the world's mantra we are in many ways the world's largest and most important hope!
Much accomplished fighting racism and bring freedoms espoused by our founders to all.  Now, just keep them.
Always in awe at his insight and eloquence.
I thank God UR our Senator & morally strong enough to be R voice  when the Repub Leadership has neither morals nor strength 2 denounce Trump
Awesome Tweet Kamala, Namaste Dear Soul
My son quoted him to me."Darkness cannot drive out darkness;only light can do that.Hate cannot drive out hate;Only love can do that."
Exactly, so why so much hate from the left for so long?
If you don't recognize all the hate & drivel coming from Nazis, KKK & White Supremacists, get the hell off my timeline.  
#ReportHate
Were you grandstander while Isis was killing  people in Spain. Pathetic
Beautiful being!
Why does it seem like just a dream?

We raise our voices today so that tomorrow our children will never know a world where racism, anti-Semitism & hatred are given cover. 
#impeachtrump
Gives me shivers. Good ones.
YES... indeed...LOVELY....and thank you...
We have to pray unceasingly.
Thank you Kamala for posting this!  It's made me tear up and feel hopeful in this very turbulent time.
 a genius that was taken way too early from the human race. Imagine where we might be now as a people if he would have lived longer.
Just....don't get to involved with corporate donors and your good
don't think he would have approved of this either..https://ihavethetruth.com/2017/07/28/liberals-photo-1924-democrat-convention/ …
We are going to defeat this antediluvian ideology head on...I hope
Love the thoughts, what are the actions?
I don't know Senator, things look pretty dark and hopeless right now. And more so with each passing day, with each new tweet from The Madman
Believe it or not, this nonsense is real. Peaceful resistance is no longer an option. We'd better be armed and prepared.
Unfortunately you and the rest of the left (aside from a few) are nothing like Dr. King.
Call your congressman today to support impeachment! #ImpeachTrump
Congressman Moves To Impeach Donald Trump, Says No Such Thing As 'Good Nazis' | Pressure Congress to Support!  http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/steve-cohen-impeach-trump_us_5995a204e4b06ef724d6de57?ncid=APPLENEWS00001 …
True, however love is not unconditional in that context. The race issue evolved under Obamacare. Check it. https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=133961063813512&id=100015988563969 …
Thank you
Amen!!
Love this quote
@SenKamalaHarris  Used the 'contact' form on your website for 3 weeks & called your office; no response. Constituents deserve better.
U only like MLK when its convenient for u. He wanted a color blind society no discrimination no special treatment. Thats not somethin ur for
That's nice.  Now, you should show love and support to @potus instead of supporting false narrative for your own political purpose.
Hes talking about God and spirituality here though and no one driving discourse ever mentions either.
I think of MLK a lot these days. Miss him and you are right we do have his words. Nobody can take them away.
Dr. MLK's words ring even truer today.  How can we abide this any longer?
Let's take down MLK's statues down as well since he was against gay marriage? PParenthood started as a racist org as well. Shut it down!
check out Hillary clinton praising KKK Byrd:
AMEN
One day, with overwhelming courage
Thank you for being our wonderful senator in CA.
Real loving man opposed to gays and a womanizer. #liblogicisretarded
Try telling that to the irredeemable religious extremists (on all sides!).
You seem to think these words often....is there another quote of his you can post?
@ealight461 I have always believed this but now question my faith.
One of my favorites.
I look forward to a future when All people are treated equal.
I needed to see this today! Thank you Senator!
This made me cry, again.
These words ring the truth now and forever.
But people trash the Word now more than ever, and sin without any shame
Yes Sen.Kamala Harris, your tweet (notification) TRUTHFULLY, just now 2:27pm. CT (Family) ,,
My own opinion why weren't  the Civil War Confederate Statues/ Monuments ,  issued about during Dr. Kings movement or shortly after.TRUTH
Must say that I agree with MLK.  Still waiting for his dream to come true.  And it inevitably shall!
Amen.
Don't care what you think sorry
This is a troll.
it really sucks that he was shot dead by the same  sort of tyrants we're fighting today though...
It was the Nation of Islam that killed Malcolm X. Explain that one.
I am frustrated with wimpy Republican Senators! Grow a spine! JUST DO IT! Call on Trump to resign!
Courage not Courtesy.
Amen!!!
Amen! :)
His faith in God and in his country is still a light to all.

