The people voted for this.
Still trying to understand why.
There is no way to understand it. Half my family voted for this narcissistic man. And now they are acting surprised by his bhvr...
I know what you mean Our family is a mess over this idiot! SMH
Same.  Some of my peeps disowned me on social media, and vice versa. We still talk IRL, just not about Mr. Dorfus.  :D
I have come to avoid family scenarios quite frequently. They don't stop talking...as it is, I'm kind of the black sheep. This is a new level

Thank you for standing up for the ACA.  The battle comes to you in the Senate, now.  I hope the AHCA dies there.
Didn't read what they voted for
Caught trying to exempt GOP
Passing themselves as insurance experts
----30 yr in ins industry this is FUBAR
This is just the 1st step in process to repeal ObamaCare Cluster-Fk.
It will go to Senate & they'll improve it.
kNOw nothings in charge ... bar set so low that snails are struggling to Limbo
So do the people of Britain  Brexit is going to destroy us!
The Obamacare tax, dressed up as a healthcare plan, is dead; that's all that really matters. Manchurian O set it up to fail.
But on Fox, lies, lies lies. Telling ppl there's a CBO score, preexisting conditions will be covered, etc. Disgusting. #EndFoxNow
@djmincey11 Do we tho?A great many American people put these Congressmen &the Pres in there.A part of me thinks they deserve what they get.
And should we queue up Nancy Pelosi saying we had to pass Obama care to know what was in it. Hypocrite!
Of course we do, but for some reason we keep electing shit weasels like Paul Ryan and Donald Trump
Exactly.
You forgot- No Surprise
Forgot what?
It's no surprise that the GOP led Congress doesn't give a shit about anybody who isn't a privileged white man.. that's what.
So how many people are going to show up at the gop House reps offices this week? They're home for a week. Pussies won't have a town hall.
If Americans deserve better how come the dems who voted for #aca didn't defend their vote 2010 now they have a voice it's too late
I'm not sure what voice you think dems have. The republicans have been in majority for the last 4 years.
the repubs are in control because dems refused to defend their vote for #aca in 2009 they ran away from it & Obama policies
You mean like "We have to pass this so we can see what's in it"  That was better?
I got Josh  Newman into the state senate via the hair salons in his district..I will do the same for Jess. I pushed for you also Kamala...
Just like Obamacare, but you won't condemn that. I'll condemn both.
Apparently you don't know how the process works...
House passes draft
Senate changes
House changes
Goes to committee then @POTUS

It's law
Trump probably doesn't actually want it to pass. He just wants it to die in the senate from dem filibuster.
Did they deserve better when the same shit was pulled with Obamacare?
Repeal Obamacare is a death penalty for low income & senior Americans. T majority of us think that is a kind of gradual death & genocide.
Everything about this is wrong! Paul Ryan is either a hypocrite or liar based on his comments in 2009. This was a get rich scheme for GOP!
Karmala harris is on crack
You mean like obamacare?
Dems pass O'care by “Reconciliation Rule (with only 51 votes in Senate, not the usual 60); Reid/Pelosi change the rules to cheat the game.
That's right, you're kind of new.   See the way it works is you have to pass it to find out what's in it.    Talk to Nancy.
Is that allowed? I thought bills had to be scored to determine the overall impact?
@KamalaHarris for President!
This our time now, if GOP won't have town halls, get DEMS to go into their districts to tell folks the truth. Go to GOP offices to protest
Sheldon needs speech therapy.
Do you use Obamacare? No, then shut up!
Happier and prouder to be Canadian every day.
That CBO analyzes for Obamacare wasn't worth the paper it was printed on! Keep your doctor and keep your plan. Get $2500 back for King Obama
We also deserve to have the same quality of health care as our Congress and their staff.  What say you @SenKamalaHarris ?
It's kind of like they had to pass the bill to see what was in it.
Classic GOP: don't touch my gun & an unborn baby, let everything else burn down to help the top 1% #resist #TheResistance #Impeach45
ACA had 1 yr of debate & review, AHCA 3.0 - 0 days
ACA had CBO scoring, AHCA 3.0 - None
ACA had 161 GOP amendments, AHCA 0 Dem amendments
#gopdouchebags
You really should make yourself acquainted with history before tweeting.
Please @SenKamalaHarris @se fight this tooth and nail and don't let it pass the Senate!!
Some of us don't deserve it and some of us should lay in the grave they voted for.
Yes, they do. Thank you for fighting the good fight.  #Prayfor2018 
The Art of The Deal.... Rule #23-Get them to sign sight unseen. Then run like hell.
This was done in a very sneaky, underhanded, hidden manner. Sounds like.... I don't know... cheating in an election with Russia?
I was wondering why I couldn't find a text of the bill anywhere. The version on the GOP website is from March.
... of course, it doesn't look like their website because no one with the GOP knows how to set a CNAME on their official domain... 
Fix the ACA, don't leave 24 million without health insurance again. Seems we are quickly moving backwards.
The CBO estimates that 24 million will be without healthcare, some voluntarily and others thru high costs
You do understand how insurance works, right? Everyone pays in & hopes they won't need but if they do it there
Since when has the GOP cared about costs except when there is a Democrat in office?Put trillions on the card and then blame the Democrat.
Accountability is just political correctness. Voters are sheep. Follow the herd. Angry Wh Voters lose the most on healthcare. Just wait.
yes they do, we need a concerted consistent takedown of these evil creatures and fast! Can't wait till 2018
the American people need YOU in 2020!
Just passed it to pass it. Disgusting politics. They need held accountable.
The American people elected them
Hey we took lessons from the Dems on how to pass bills.
GOP Hypocrisy at its worst. @TomRooney be a human! Stop this nonsense! #Sad
Sounds familiar
Hopefully all the Trump voters will feel the brunt of this bill. It is time his voters feel some real consequences of their brainless votes!
Do we?  Look who was elected. They got what they asked for.
Sounds like midnight legislation that occurs in some states I know.
I live in Texas. They will opt-out of everything there is to opt-out of.
The American "people" are not a priority, corporations are.
Thank you, Senator Harris, for standing so strongly against ACA repeal for the people of California.
No way of knowing tyke impact leaves equal possibilities of good or bad impacts.  If they're is no way of knowing that is....
Not according to the Republicans!
This is why I'm running against Steve Knight in CA-25. Healthcare for all is an extension of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.
Ugh
The ACA isn't perfect; but how do you think the AHCA would make things any better?
It won't. It's a really terrible bill. The GOP is stupid but people lost their ins/docs due to the ACA as well. Dems are so hypocritical now
Suddenly it's not ok to pass a bill nobody has read. Instead of death panels it's people bleeding out in the street. The hyperbole is wild
People on Medicaid could be affected by 2020. It may not be blood on the streets, but it's more real than death panels ever were.
That's what I thought right before ACA got shoved down our throats.  Have to pass it before we can read it..
hope the senate demands more info!
sad lols
And Californians deserve better than you.
after November,they don't deserve better.people are getting what they voted for and what they deserve.Trump would win again tomorrow
And we will elect better in 2018.
You and your colleagues weren't interested in contributing, so "what difference does it make." @SenKamalaHarris @SoquelCreek
AND they made themselves EXEMPT from it!  How? Why? They want us to give up and give in. WON'T HAPPEN
How can Americans accept this?
But we trust governors to do the right thing and not screw us over, right?  Even though they're totally allowed!
they deserve Single Payer.. and real PROGRESSIVE DEM representation! (CA voter) No more Establishment nonsense.
When do you think it will be available for public to read?
Can you force or wait for the CBO score?
Sadly, the behavior of Paul Ryan and the GOP is no better than Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats under the ACA. Neither party serves the nation
Sort of like Obamacare...
No Kamala, the American people (as in white america) deserves exactly what they're getting, because that's what the fuck they voted for
yes they do deserve better. Now it's in your court, find some other adult senators in both parties and save lives.
How can a bill be voted on without the text being finalized?  Show us the bill!!!  @RepMimiWalters is hiding something!
Now that's intelligent voting . . .
Most of America is gonna die! We have to get 45 and evil gone asap
Just following Pelosi's path & reality 4 tax cuts due 2 Ur obstruction need budget reconciliation "We have 2 pass ACA 2 know what's in it"
So, with every single thing being taken away from women's healthcare, I've got to ask: does this bill cover Viagra? Cialis?
I don’t think Pelosi provided any great clarity, either.
We had less when Obamacare was forced thru
GOP: We voted for you, but if you do not insure we have Great Health Care w/ coverage for all pre-existing. We WILL NEVER vote Republican!
You are smarter then that. Your Party did the same thing for Obamacare. Can't the 2 Parties agree on anything to make it better?
@RepBrianMast repbrFYO.  Don't mark your self.
Ok let me try again, @RepBrianMast FYI.  Don't mark your self.   Vote no on the !!!AHCA
Thank you for fighting this bill.
Thank you Senator!
We deserve the truth...
Not trumplies....
"We have to pass the bill to know what's in it"
Hopefully, when it goes to the Senate it won't go through. #removethemandate Don't let your ins. lapse or you'll pay 30% more! Mandate?
GOP pushing thru bill that Congressmembers haven't fully read
GOP congressman on his support for AHCA hours before vote: 'I don't think any individual has read the whole bill’ http://www.cnbc.com/2017/05/04/gop-congressman-i-dont-think-any-individual-has-read-health-bill.html …
Sounds familiar
They serve their donors to the great detriment of their constituents, just like you and the rest of @TheDemocrats.
That almost if not the same exactly amounts to Nil,Nothing,Zero;Sen.Kamala Harris of CALIFORNIAN,Americans do deserve BETTER; Thank You!
Sadly, they don't. They are getting what they voted for - complete incompetence of the R party and total betrayal of American people.

Paul Ryan in 2009: "I don’t think we should pass bills that we haven’t read, that we don’t know what they cost." http://bit.ly/2qvRQ81  
We really do!
Standard operating procedure in the State Capitol. #transparency
Seconded. They deserve REAL public servants, like you. We've got your back, Senator.
Hi Kammie! Elections have consequences.
Sound familiar?
These GOP guys so bad, they make sleaze look good.
The country will look back on this time and want it removed from all history books
I truly don't understand "No final text." They know and don't care about what they are voting for.
And the worst effects won't happen until after 2018.  It's a time bomb for us all.  #SinglePayer is the solution
Wait. Aren't they voting in like 15 minutes? If there's no final text, what are they voting on?
This bill must be stopped!!
THIS is not democracy. THIS is a dictatorship.
Thank you, Senator Harris!
Looks like there'll be some GOP House members that'll be looking for work after Nov 2018 with Dems getting jobs
