Thank you, this is of vital importance to our Country, IMO we have been invaded and must fight for our Democracy. Thank you
in total agreement.
#ImpeachTrump
Yes!

Yes we DO
@VBouza123 Indeed.  Most ethical way is for SCOTUS to hear 16-907.  Call SCOTUS (202)479-3000 and encouage them to do so:
Continue to insult his constituents. This is offensive. Please stop the false accusations.
Investigation both during the election and through the present.
And sooner, rather than later, please.
Get your pals in the Liberal media to confirm the facts. There is no Trump/Russia connection. Obama was caught on live mic.
@duke_robinson Americans voted not Russians u should be more worried about a democracy where intelligence can spy on u
@duke_robinson lmao the hackers didn't vote and if nothing to hide no need to worry bout hackers there is no explanation
Please keep fighting for this. We deserve the truth about Trump Russia connection. #RussianPuppet
@RiseUp2018 Yes and Trump could care less that our democracy was attacked. He even called for it. So un American.
surely there are republicans that put country before politics
We know ALOT already!! Why isn't Roger Stone arrested for treason? Sessions under indictment? What's going on??
@Edgutk  who's going to do that?  Government? 
Government had involved.
more Americans need to wake up to this especially those who bang on about how patriotic they are
@THE_Nasty_Woman And....  their continuing influence/  interaction with the White House...
Very true!
Keep speaking out Senator Harris. There are millions who are frightened, angry, and ready to take action.
please keep pushing for accountability
Will there be a full investigation?
Please team up with Eric Swalwell.  He is doing terrific work on this
Kamala McCarthy
It was reported all day yesterday no evidence found @POTUS colluded w/ Russia. Also reported NatSec insiders hacked DNC.
ABSOLUTELY!!!
keep up the fight for the truth! Thank you. <3, your constituent
Clearly our democracy depended on the last election. & millions of misogynists,  racists & wishful thinkers blew it. #maga
BOEING's CEO is REQUIRED BY LAW to report this to Gov't Procurement Office! He faces PRISON if he DOESN'T TURN TRUMP IN!
These are REAL LAWS that are ROUTINELY ENFORCED. Courts throw-the-book at CEOs caught spying on competitors! DON'T DROP IT!
AND it's not an obscure Felony, either, Boeing's VP of Sales did 3 YEARS in PRISON for similar; $25M fine for same before!
Trump called the CEO of Lockheed-Martin to discuss F-35 program, W/ BOEING'S CEO LISTENING-IN ON SPEAKERPHONE! **FELONY!!**
@tedcruz @LindseyGrahamSC @SenJohnMcCain YES INVESTIGATE TRUMP GATE
yes! Please!
Absolutely!
YES!!!!!
Thank you for your patriotic service, Senator. #daywithoutawoman
.once that happens we might need new presidential election as more than Trump will B removed from office, if not jailed
I agree, but don't think there should be another bullshit "911" type commission to do the investigation.
I agree...let's get to the bottom of the President's Russian connection w/ special counsel/prosecutor-a constituent
thank you Senator! We also need to know if Russia still has influence in our government now! Fight for our democracy!!! 
Never Forget 

2018  2020

Trump consistently LIED about meetings with Russia.

What's he hiding?
https://twitter.com/cathykaku1/status/826828418998206465 …
@SenKamalaHarris
I solemnly swear  to uphold the laws and NEVER say a negative word against Mother Russia.
#TraitorInChief 
AMEN TO THAT
Ok well, get to cracking.  That is why you are there.
We all agree but would also like to see his tax returns
Sounds more and more that your party got caught and still trying to blame Trump and Russia, we lost faith in u, CIA and FBI
Yes, we do! #russianhacking
@maddow Have Rachel Maddox do it. She is half way to the truth already.
Amazing isn't she?!
thank you.
add to your investigation the involvement of illegal immigrants and other non-citizens living here. All foreign involvement
thank you, Kamala! #mysenator
Yes! And any continued involvement in the current administration.
Let's get the goings going on!
Absolutely. 6 weeks in seems like forever. That says a lot.
Is it hard to pretend that you don't hate America?
Your trolling doesn't even make sense. She's trying to prevent the fascism people like you are enabling.
Please push hard for an independent investigation!!
why didn’t you prosecute OneWest

. So go help make it happen Senator
They need Republicans on board, which isn't happening so far. Those in red districts need to call their reps
DJT's tax returns too!!! If there's nothing there, great, but there is so much smoke there's likely a fire.
In his own words, not disclosing tax returns, means you are hiding something #TaxReturns
And investigation of Russian involvement in our government NOW. It didn't end with the election.
if this was the other way around and Hilary was POTUS, they wouldnt even investigate, impeachment trails would have started
Agreed. How and when will it happen?
