Pretty much like our views on healthcare, sadly.

U.S. Policy is pretty much "What are they doing? No, let's not do that. Exceptionalism!"
So "group think" is your best answer huh?  Can't think different than other countries.

LOL!
Things like shitty healthcare isn't "different" than everyone else, or rebellious, it's just shitty.

Example:
Show me the things we boldly do differently that make us "number one", other than pure military spending. Very curious.
Space industry, computers, universities, food, media, fashion, parks, support of individual liberty
I could go on and on.  There is a lot that we do better than others.

@Berriesncoke @PostGraphics. China and India are party to the agreement?
.@SenKamalaHarris @PostGraphics LOL foolish Chicken Little!  If USA followed lead of other countries we would never have become great!
That's all u got?  Lol
So,  so angry that a minority elected president can do terminal damage to the country and it's standing in the world.
He won the majority of the Electoral Vote. Which is the only vote that matters. So your comment is irrelevant.
Sometimes being  a leader means being the first to make unpopular decisions.
We are not followers. What a dumb reason to stay!!!
I like the immersive map- catering to Trumps voters!;)
LOL you really think Camel-a-la-la had any thought in it? She just regurgitates whatever DNC & Willie Brown want
Being a Pariah isn't a new or unusual experience 4 trump. Amoral & tone deaf to climate & social graces, trump doesn't care what happens
Damage economy for #HoaxClimateChange redistribution of wealth of USA  to countries ie India & others who pollute & don't adhere to accord
#POTUS is utterly #IgnorantTrump!
Take the PARIS ACCORD and get it ratified by the Senate. If not, submit your plan for Healthcare Reform. TAXPAYERS ARE PAYING YOUR SALARIES!
And all this because of one man's choice, not much of a democracy here in America anymore.  Seriously, how can one person make this call?
GOP is aiding him to please their donors that are deliberately denying climate change bcos of their business. Party above country won't MAGA
Do you EVER find a trump voter who disagrees wi Trump's decision & will admit it? Our global climate is at stake and they bury their heads
They're excited that Middle America will become waterfront property.
It looks like just Trump and his staff will be against it. US citizens and leaders are revolting, thanks goodness!
thank you for fighting the good fight. @realDonaldTrump is a national disgrace
How about all you virtue signalers flit that bill. I want my tax money to go to something verifiable.
So we should spend trillions of dollars, not passed by Congress, for no verifiable change of the environment?
Heh. America.
We used to have a Constitution, but the GOP and Trump have put it through the shredder. Otherwise he would be in the trash bin of history.
We are basically joining with just Syria, since Nicaragua has a sensible policy of its own. No such luck for Trumpian USA. @SenKamalaHarris
Why aren't you complaining abt #China not comply-oh they are not #GOP. #fakenews #DEMSLie #DeceitfulEditing #california #SoCal #SanDiego
Nothing is sacred to this administration. Not even the damn planet we live on.
Good
Why wasn't the accord submitted to Congress as a Treaty by Obama?  He took path of least resistance and now the result of that decision?
If everyone jumped off a bridge would you... since when has everyone else is doing it been a good argument?
@msnbc Your live stream sucks!!!!! I want to watch!!! Please fix!!!!
plz tell us our RepS are fighting hard AGAINST this!!
Good thing China signed on.  Look at how good they are doing.
Is it possible for states to independently join the Paris Accord? #FireTheGOP  #climatechange
What a MORTIFICATION if that should it happen! USA denying science when we once lead the world in science! What happened!? #ProtectEarth
Trump would LIKE that company.
Are they also on the hook to give 100 billions dollars to  undeveloped countries as part of the Parris accord?
Will be judged by the company you keep.
this is not the good company for this great nation
Us and the baby killers
Such a distinguished club
so much for America as a world leader! bet trump has no idea with the accord is or TPP for that matter.
I suppose if everyone is doing it, we should too
I doubt countries like India and China would even abide by the agreement, leaving the US The only suckers around. It's worth it to leave
Withdrawing from the ParisAgreement is a wise decision. We can protect our planet without killing jobs as well.
Yes, strike another victory for the radical right and koch brothers making us safe like Syria and Nicaragua @washingtonpost @nytimes @MSNBC
Trump is so stupid. If he withdraws, we will go back in when a new credible president is elected.
Would China then take lead?
Or use US out as precedent for doing same?
Might as well sink to the bottom of all rankings. We're the only developed country without universal healthcare, low safe birth rate, etc.
Disgraceful. TrumPutin is attempting to destroy our Democracy. Who will stop them? March June 3rd for truth and freedom #MarchforTruth
Can't we get back in after crazy old man is out?
Sad! #FakePresident doesn't understand anything.
All of this is bull until we only meet online, no they had to meet in expensive hotels and eat expensive meals.
#Crazy #Trump and "it's called weather". He gets worse every day. Like cattle lead to slaughterer, a narcissist plays to the far far #right
Oh yeah just like the metric system!
#disgusted we r entitled to clean air, water, and sustainable energy. @realDonaldTrump  is making us a 3rd world country #carbonfootprint
3rd world country? You must not travel much...
USA always takes the leadership position. Thank God for leader.  There is NO causal evidence of climate change. Fake Science.
@SenateDems - no more hand outs with our money !
Keep raising your voice, @SenKamalaHarris. The #ParisAccord must stand with the U.S. In it.
check out http://myswavor.com 
Do you Know why Nicaragua did not sign the agreement? Keep Up the good work. From
Therefore what genius ?
Trump is smarter than rest of world. Carbon emissions are good thing and rising temps help climate.  HELP HELP. Get straight jackets
I don't understand how someone with the IQ of a badger can pull us out of a scientific accord. Doesn't congress have a say?
20 Republican leaders starting with mitch sent him a letter to opt out of the Paris agreement.
trump is always talking about NATO members not spending enough, what's the difference here?
Trump & GOP continues to isolate us
this country is going backwards. For all Dems that thought Hillary was too extreme to elect you are now seeing the definition of extreme.
Not what I think of when they mention American exceptionalism.
@SenateDems I have new respect for Syria & Nicaragua
I'm sure all of Trumo supporters want to be more like Syria and Nicaragua
Nicaragua didn't sign bc wanted it stricter from what I read ! Complete abysmal failure ! Coal is NOT coming back His base was conned.
California should still continue 2 try& bring wind & solar energy 2 coal states,w/education & jobs ( and here at home )
The earth was formed when molten. Who did that? Oh that's right! God!! You wanna change. Stop driving and flying. Otherwise can it
Why not join the rest of the dictators? We have one running the country.
Winning. Never get tired of all the winning against globalist propaganda. #MAGA. FYI. Normal people call it weather not climate change.
Normal people know the difference between weather and climate
Climate change is one of the BIGGEST scams of our time. Just a way for governments to tax people and have more control of there lives
Climate change is total bs
If you can, prove it. Publish. Get rich. There's a Nobel prize in it for you.
America first, not last Sen. We have to be in charge of our own decisions. No new world order here! We'd be footing the bill as always.
We as a country allow him to continue to bully us all. IMPEACH THE SOB ASAP.
At a certain point, our action here threatens the safety and wellbeing of those other countries. I do not relish their possible responses.
Again Syria is occupy with a civil war, and Nicaragua didn't think it went far enough. Stop using them as an example
And in Nicaragua defense, they didn't think the Paris Agreement was strong enough.
all the countries love it bc we will be giving billions of our money to foreign gov'ts for WHO knows WHAT.
Just called and left you a voicemail about this! Please keep fighting!
Yes! Acknowledged; The #ParisAgrreement  was also one of Pres. OBAMA'S  important achievements , another probable take away by TRUMP Admin.
Sen. Kamala Harris of Oakland, California, Watching @FOX news now, #OUTNUMBERED TRUTH
@CSPAN Presidents 2018 Budget Requst, Watching Now! May 25th, 2017 ; 12:33pm ct.
Now On @CSPAN 2 Telecommunication Policy; LIVE May 31st, 2017
He needs to be stopped.
I want my country back. Drumpf is a lunatic.
Embarrassing that the US is no longer the world leader. Anyone remember the smog alerts?
We are so covfefe'd
It's insane.
This is so wrong and twisted.
aren't we also the only countries who don't use the metric system?
then maybe the water's not far down and there's a fucking bear behind you
We can thank @GOP for this and other ridiculous, destructive and regressive policy decisions.
#TrumpTraitor   #CorruptGOP

Embarrassing. US no longer a leader in progressive initiatives.
Maybe it has something to do with a conservative President, a conservative House and a conservative Senate lol
More like.. there's no money in it for the trump family.
It really doesn't. Not only they don't have any business in the oil industry but they already are rich as fuck
Think you're wrong about the oil biz.  They're corrupt as hell.
They surely are, but Trump has nothing to do with them. He's the president now, and even before the election he didn't work with oil
That is what Russia wants. Trump is owned by Russian actors. Treason is dangerous. Please eliminate this Republican Party.
Groundbreaking huh?

And Nicaragua only opted out bc they thought it didn't go *far enough*
i.e. "Pulled a Bernie."
