County to start pilot program for people in jail with mental illness http://sdut.us/2vKTDow  
Good news!It has to start somewhere & I am sure that ppl can be helped.Other communities should give this a try.
Inmates do excellent in a controlled environment,upon release they stop medications
1)That's not necessarily true.There are ppl who have stopped meds who aren't former inmates.There are former inmates who continue to look
2)for help even after their time is done.Each person,regardless of any situation or circumstance,that need help.That being said,whoever the
Upon release they are given resources for help
What are the resources?
In my state,medical and job resources.They never leave empty handed,it's what THEY chose to do with the resources they are given.
1)I agree.However I worry about the quality of said resources.If you call a number to get things back on track,yet the person or staff on
so, ya get help for mental issues in prison now? cant say i didnt see this coming when mental health got defunded.... #duh
Yes!! But the problem with that is funding for our work!
I agree with you, Senator!
Agree & thx for your work. I'd like 2 share a piece I wrote on the mentally ill & prison
@sdut Stop the "war on drugs" and treat drug abusers with half the amount of money--and start #winning
http://bit.ly/EndMarriageFraud … #NoVawa4Visa
What about people who aren't in jail. Maybe before they end up in jail. That would be healthcare
What about effective programs preventing recidivism for incarcerated pregnant moms?
Check out Ezra Klein's podcast interview w Dr Nneke Jones Tapia (psychologist who helps run the Cook County Jail) . Brilliant and insightful
You are such a remarkable woman, Senator. You make America so proud to have such a strong intellectual woman in the Senate.Bless you always
Oh great, you got VIP prisoner coming who needs it.
@LAProgressive #NAACP @realDonaldTrump #savetheaca @CivilRights @WhiteHouse @thehill #WWC17Final #LBCC @sensanders #Flintlivesmatter
Another hurdle....2020 around the corner
TY for acknowledging this issue in our criminal justice system untreated mental illness can be misconstrued and made worse by incarceration
And Kamal kicks off her 2020 presidential run on a platform of coddling prisoners and convicts.
2 things: if we treat b4 jail, we are successful. Also, this program is for mild to moderate MI. What about most seriously ill?
Says a senator from a state that legalized marijuana. . Good luck with that.
Kamala ..  Start removing Corp Prisons for PROFIT When Judges Congressman, Lawyer's Cop's ,Own Stock.. In this Criminal enterprise. .
Agree but other parties have to begin whinning elections
But think of all the profits the managing prison companies make while incarcerating marijuana smokers. Last I checked, former pres. involvd
Quality medical marijuana for serious http://clients.fast  and descrete shipping,Call/Text(323) 648-2086 email:stephenpenny25@gmail.com
It just one issue with that 
I was hoping u we're going to check in and never leave
When jails refuse to allow inmates to have medication, will not distribute medication, it should be a national law they be made to.
Long overdue.
Desperately needed
Exactly they need help through treatment while there and on release
Maybe @realdonaldtrump could be part of the pilot? He is a criminal and mentally ill.
In Jeff Sessions' America, we treat it with jail, jail, asset forfeiture, forfeiture of rights and more jail.
You should look at program run by Sheriff Tom Dart at Cook County IL
States don't want to. Spend $ up front to fix the problem.
Can we also OUTLAW solitary confinement that TRIGGERS mental illness, if it's ok w/ private prisons, don't want 2 step on sessions toes
Child abuse, economic disadvantage, and Christian Fundamentalism seem to be predictive for MH, criminality, and sex offending. SW in field.
Should have written MI. Trauma is real. It has a social cost.
Yes, lets focus on treatment for users and addicts   Democrat agenda
Absolutely.
Bravo!
So very true!
Thank #RonaldReagan era policies for causing such #despair in #Mentalhealth #homelessness #prison crisis

Tougher sentences work. Giuliani cleaned up NY with it
I have said for decades re progressive policies vs RW policies,"An ounce of prevention equals a pound of cure"&  they don't even have cure
If you are blind to the oppression of others, you may soon realize that you too are oppressed.
As a therapist,lacking access to trtment
for MI,exacerbates a difficult situation
Time to treat MI as an ILLNESS like any other
req trtment.
How bout treating all people fairly? What an idea?
I'm in Chicago and I support you and Corey Brooks in all you do.  How can I help? I'm in substance abuse and mental health.
May need to take out profit motive. A friend's son is in jail for drug use & I have to PAY to email & he has to PAY to use gym. Not good!
1st we need to get our mental health patients out of Prisons. States closed mental institutions people had no ttmt options.
Yes, thank you
Truth in sentencing wouldn't hurt either.
So that it is better geared to deal with the realities of victims of abuse, those with mental illness, and substance abusers
Services adm that is an anachronism in today's world It's platforms badly need major changes and upgrades
As far as the traumatized many are children and women who are treated with less respect and dignity by a law enforcement and human
Suffering law enforcement doesn't have the training resources or education to deal with the mentally ill or substance abusers
Agreed Senator! The Dems have been trying to get GOP to take these things off the law and order platform for decades! Unfortunately for most
#Harris2020
Harris/Kennedy III FOR PRESIDENT 2020!!!!
Also, training and education are super important.
Reagan's mental health policies happened just as my mom was diagnosed with schizophrenia and caused me and my family a lot of heartache.
Said the Bail Jumper ,
North Dakota’s Norway Experiment (via @Pocket) #longreads
Finally, you say something I can get behind.  Totally agree with you!
Soooo true ! 
Yes, a million times yes!
mental illness has been ignored because we don't know how to fix it
You make this happen and I will vote for you in the future. Nothing really happening for most people suffering with dual diagnosis
Precisely.
Any successful endeavor begins with Mercy.
thx...I think there is also possibilities with a work program for offenders, cities can benefit and offenders can learn "giving". thx
Shocking to hear such common sense during these times.  You give us hope, ma'am.
Take the lead @SenKamalaHarris. Rally your party behind you. Make a move. Run for president in 2020.
Key part of fixing our criminal justice syatem is by locking her up #CrookedHillary
How about some sentencing reform while we're at it?
Incarceration increases when funding for mental health programs decreases. We pay one way or another. Why are we so willing to use prisons?
If you read the book "Crazy" you will understand this statement ~ masterfully describes the broken system.
Yes.  Break the cycle.  People do not need to be condemned for lack of tools to compensate for life's difficult passages.
What about finding a job with a record. After 5yrs of no trouble, criminal background should not be relevant except for violent felonies,etc
Yes! Treatment before incarceration can prevent crime, and treatment during and afterward to reduce crime further.
That might be the first smart thing iv ever heard a dem say wow.
We need @healingneen in the justice department!
The voice of true leadership. This is the heart of the problem for most in the CJS.
...So they don't return to prison. Also Voc programs will give a since of Pride especially they people who will get out
That I'm not telling you anything , that you already don't KNOW..... TWITTER
We also need good vocational programs that will allow people to learn a skill and feel like a human.....
Agree
Good Saturday, Sen.Kamal Harris of Oakland,CA ; extremely warm temperatures across the country. I've tweeted much earlier  Today.TRUTH
That I'm not telling you anything,that you don't already know.....TWITTTER
This is so awesome!!.. if the program moves to northCal I'm going 2apply..if not, I may have to move 2San Diego...poor me (sarcasm) 
OK, START WITH HILLARY
A living minimum wage would help as well.
So important to finally have a Senator actually take on and tackle this serious gut wrenching problem.
This is coming from THE #CriminalParty. 

Lol how sick  

Vote your #criminal party home or prison or institution they are all nut
WITHOUT A DOUBT all 3 of your points MUST be addressed ASAP! Ur constituents are watching U! #Indivisible
Yes!!!!  Especially for High School and Middle school students that have grown up in chaos.  Prevention
It's about time!
#prisoners make milspec products for military industrial complex, sold for high$$$, at lowest paid wages, greed prevents reform.
#KochBros are cowardly and greedy and the largest investors in private prisons, and contribute to Judicial elections to get more inmates.
@sdut I urge everyone to read James Forman Jr's book Locking Up Our Own for back ground & alternatives.
U may also want to look into things like this in many Red States
Also need to take domestic offenders a priority as they seem to like to turn in to mass shooters and serial killers...
American mental illness, addiction healthcare the judiciary & incarceration, SAD!! #TrumpRussia
They should be mandatory in prisons, Hal way houses on parole etc.
The things you've been doing since being elected senator make me proud to have voted for you. Please continue!
Of POTUS?!  Greetings from Germany ;-)
No Jails
We need jails for violent criminals. It's just the non-violent ones who shouldn't be locked up.
those are prisons "correctional facilities" and yes there is a very small portion of human population that has a very hard time interacting
The violent criminals still have to be held in jail before they go to prison, though.
OK  and the current system is broke and has no mercy or justice guiding it. less than 1% is truly violent and we are way over capacity.
Oh I agree the system is broken and needs fixing. I was just pointing out there is a real need for jails, they're just being heavily misused
YES  way over used out of proportion to real need
Yep! They should only be used to hold people who pose a genuine threat to society. Non-violent criminals shouldn't be there.
YES!!!!!
California is always ahead of the curve. I hope other states will follow these programs and establish their own. Crim. Just. needs reform
Yes desperately
We have a Mental Health, Veterans, Drug, First Time Offender, and Prostitution Diversion programs in my county.  They work.
Yes,we need investment in our mental health system.start with Donald Trump the poster boy for what's wrong w/our mental health in America
Miss you!
that's a stretch at best
lets reform title IV-D so states don't get millions for kicking one parent out of the life of their own child...major conflict of interest.
Can pay now for treatment, or you can pay later hiring police investigators, hospitals, labs, parole officers, prison guards, etc.
judicial system reform your words "to treat all people equally" starts with family law: stop abusing fathers and children for money
Great idea!
You just described TRUMP
The trauma is why the addiction is there. Treat that with "skilled" therapists we could get a better handle on opioid crisis
The issue is more funds. It's not like they are cured after treatment. It will be a never ending $$ pit.
#Thanks @SenKamalaHarris How come you only talk about criminal justice? How about my Civil Race #Discrimination lawsuit 
vs @CambridgePolice

As Democrats we need to start talking about other issues that are important to us, not just Trump.
Healthcare is Required.
Lies
And address victimization of victims in the system.
I'd also just like to say thank you. I know you're taking a lot of crap. You have done more as a new Senator than most have done in YEARS.
Yes we must identify the root cause & have individual plans. The broad brush approach hasn't worked, never will! Stop systematic recidivism!
That's San Diego for you...entrepreneurial and innovative.
Address trauma experienced by the children of those incarcerated. Childhood trauma -> behaviors->spec ed-> juv det->sch to prison pipeline
Manuel54 we need a total reform, in our broken judicial system
@ManuelSillas5  police and immigration always targeting minorities, Hispanics and blacks
So never let Obamacare be repealed, just fix the flaws.
That would be a big help to @POTUS in the future.
All snark aside, ACES & subsequent studies, esp when it comes to CRJ, child abuse, crime, recitivism are already out there. Reform needed.
This is how I've spent my life since f/T military. Seen it up close and personal.
Many things to fix. In perspective, violent/abusive families traumatize kids. 75% of prison inmates had abuse as kids. Cost too much 2 look?
ACES study. Very telling. Much work already  in this area, no need to reinvent the wheel. Just need to listen to those of us in the field!
AMEN! Which brings us back 2 the importance of quality healthcare 4 all. Who's going 2 #ProtectOurCare @jeffflake @SenDeanHeller @jerrymoran
Impeaching a crooked president would be my first choose. That's your biggest threat to justice. But, whose judging?
Thank you for using your power and platform for good and empowering solutions instead of polarization! Root causes should be the focus.
Where do stand on capital punishment for those who commit Treason?
At this point him and half the GOP have legally earned a firing squad.  #TreasonNotCollusion
As a nation we must stop using the police to service our citizens who have social problems.
Not having a crooked AG helps too
Sure, but what if the mentally ill criminal has the power to pardon themselves?
You're an inspiration for those suffering mental health issues, demonstrating it's still possible to reach upper echelons despite affliction

Great to also have programs in which inmates are connected to services prior to discharge. I am here is you need my expertise.
Correction ****IF you need my expertise****
I can't understand why more people can't grasp this. Treat the illness & heal the problem. More funds for these issues...not for the rich.
Well said!!
Like Donald, Way Beyond Help.
Guess what? Mental illness, trauma, and substance abuse affect all colors, all income brackets, and both able-bodied and disabled people.
Kamala!   You know throwing out facts and truths only upset the GOP!
