Our criminal justice system needs to be reformed now! I look forward to bipartisan solutions. Cc: @SenKamalaHarris http://rare.us/rare-politics/rare-liberty/war-on-drugs-rare-liberty/about-3800-people-are-jailed-in-new-york-city-right-now-just-because-theyre-poor/ …
Did you just say you were looking forward to working with a Republican?   What's the matter, are you sick?  Why not do this all the time?
I don't trust any politician that uses that word bipartisan because there is no such thing! That means you're willing to cave to Dems!
Stop being a stumbling block.  Get on with the things we elected you to do.
Lol @KamalaHarris. You are such a liar.
The American People should have more control of this government. Another great start...
My dear. It is an issue of elected officials getting away with murder, literally, and not receiving life in prison. Start with Hillary...
Love the bipartisan support for overhauling the criminal justice system. Wish more members of Congress were like you and @RandPaul.
Get shit done!!
#travelban #Buildthewall first!! #Deportillegals
Why do we have ppl in jail for tax evasion and other like nonviolent crimes? Isn't there a better way to make them pay back society?






Except those of us in CA know your history, Kamala.  You crazy progressive.
Wow! Teamwork! Now, that's a lost art in Congress! Certainly something we've been missing for a long time.
- but think of all the benefits of cops and inmates .. pay UR taxes.
SenKamalas statementPR since she is laying out the terrain to run for #President- "you cannot pour salty/sweet water from the same faucet"
You all can start by demanding Sessions step down. All criminal justice reform must begin with that specific move. I look forward to THAT.
Hahahaha, bandwagon jumper!
@_Iwishyouwould

When you won't enforce the immigration laws and investigate all the welfare fraud - now that's unfair and unjust!
Co-sponsor a bipartisan bill to legalize weed. It's medicine plain and simple; it will instantly fix the courts and bring back sanity
@RandPaul would love to see more bipartisan work getting done in DC
Start by impeaching judges that don't follow law. Waste of time to pass 'em otherwise...
#StandWithRand
Patisanship should begin with you. Talk is cheap. Action speaks louder than words!
.@SenKamalaHarris @RandPaul we need people to expose this racial treason.
@RandPaul Problem: his presumed innocence is taken as her presumed lie in many civil & criminal cases. Particularly rape & sexual assault.
THX U!! #resist #indivisible
Correcting anything that needs fixed in America should be bipartisan, let's get rid of the D's and R's behind the name and vote values!
@RandPaul @SenKamalaHarris thank you both for spearheading this! It's greatly needed.
1) I suggest more training & encouragement 4therapists to work w/those who victimize. Not many want to work w/perpetrators
@RandPaul thank u4 trying2work together on this important issue!In these crazy times,great example that shows we can put party aside 4 good!
Please work together and repeal mandatory minimum sentences. Let judges be judges.
Increases to education might circumvent crime beforehand.  We're going the other way because prisons are profitable?  Oh okay sorry.
I HOPE he means what you are SAYING and not that we need to have the Session version.
To correct an unjust system Kamala Harris should be recalled and replaced
u can start by enforcing laws against Govt officials It is unfair to have govt rep break laws and never be held accountable then look at us
till you do that keep your ideas where they belong in the garbage
Watch out, it's a trap
Only on her terms Paul , don't be fooled!
CORRECTION: no social issue should be partisan
Is this really our biggest problem right now?
Inaccurate - Rand has spent a considerable amount of time raising public awareness to issues that most politicians are unwilling to address
Ending private prisons is #1!!!! Btwn that and restarting the failed war on drugs feeds the prison industry, but helps no one!!!
What I think we can all agree on is that Billionaires SHOULD control the government and I look forward to working with both of you on that!
I love this. Yes please. #CJRnow
I agree w you and have a great place for you start, start w the politicians. No 5th amendment, convicted pols get double the maximum.....
Progress?  Hope so.
Get rid of the old and unjust, bring in the fresh new ideas of the next generation who come from all walks of life!
yeah, maybe he can instill some Libertarian in you
Another topic for a bunch of do nothing senate
Happy to see my senator working on positive change! It's no surprise she and I don't agree on much; glad middle ground can be reached!
Stop prison overcrowding by NOT Arresting Medical Cannabis Patients. We are Patients NOT Criminals
YES!! TRUTH, Sen. Kamala Harris of Oakland,California
I agree. We need to be tougher on people lying under oath
How about go down the hall guys and talk? Easier then twitter
Unfair and unjust and NOT for profit, please.
Focusing on wrong end of this equation. Try not breaking the law?
If they committed no crime they should contact the @ACLU and sue.  Else they're probably guilty of more than "being poor".
So stop tweeting and now get to work. When can we expect a bill?
There are lives on the line.
Very refreshing to know. 
Do you two agree on the travel ban too?
aww Twitter romance brewing here
NO PRIVATE PRISONS! Drug/alcohol addiction should go to inpatient rehab, not prison.  More equality & opportunity for poor & middle class.
Obama spied on Americans, when can we send him to jail?
1st things 1st. Got a long list of ppl to prosecute in Obama Administration first.
Truth be known we could go back further than Reagan
But!! If we don't start with the last & current batch of politicians, the next will be just as corrupt w/all last 2 have gotten away with.
One thing I agree with you on. Thank you.
Just remember to use small words.  Rand's not the sharpest spork in the drawer.
He graduated from Duke Medical School, grow up
He said, and I quote, "Just because a couple people on the Supreme Court declare something to be 'constitutional' does not make it so."
And? so if a couple people on the supreme court said it was constitutional to murder people at will, would that make it constitutional?
