We demand prosecutions for their crimes.  No country clubs for White Collar crimes anymore.
I repeat- 1st to confess to conspiracy that brings them all down should get immunity. Everyone else gets a cement cell
Come on Flynn, first one gets best deal.
Hate pleas love justice. Take them down one by one. Please and thank you
@clairecmc & you are impressing me so much with your take no shit from the #Republicans attitudes. Please keep it up. We need you!!!
We need everyone that can join the fight for the rights of the people

#SanFranciscoBayArea
       Magic
Do no harm, take no s..t. 
Say it sister ! I have the outmost respect for you, & no one can ever ? your opinions, as you served your country and lived the experience & suffered the consequences. Thank goodness for ppl like you
You & Hillary Clinton, right?
.
Oh, riiiiiiight.
Bring the fight to them, Sen. Harris. Schumer seems too timid for the times we live in. We need a fighter like you to lead our leaders.
We will take all that will fight for the rights and truths that the US deserves
What truths? Oh, the one where Hillary should be Pres. & Trump out. Hillary told the truth about all & Trump colluded w/ Russia?
Or do you want the truth about Obama forking over tons of $ to Iran @ midnight or his emptying jails of illegals so Trump can round them up?
Do u want truth of Obama's real place of birth or his real sexual/leanings & church deaths after affairs were over?Which truth r u after now
Please do everything you can to preserve Dodd-Frank!
Oh yes. That's a great idea! Keep country on a roll downhill with Dodd Frank! Sure thing!
So appreciate your leadership & advocacy. You give me hope!
Taxpayer subsidies to big business (Corp welfare) doesn't get the outrage it deserves.
Can you make Rod Rosenstein fail his horizontal gaze nystagmus test one more time before slaying the Big Banks? Please? #Kamala2020
Haha! Is he drunk? Field Sobriety Tests. 
Did you see how shifty-eyed he got when Kamala started cross-examining him? Hilarious... and very telling.
K- get it now

@POTUS DT (@realDonaldTrump ) headed for #ObstructionOfJustice #ABeautifulNoise for a Sunday *smile*
Agreed, however can we plz focus on the sneaky Senate looking to push through the ahca without any hearings, amendments or input #SaveACA
YOU are ridiculous. Trump will do more to help families than anyone in the last century.
Unlike more effectively regulated banks,  the wilding nonbank finance industry is only overseen by CFPB on GOP chopping block. Distinguish.
Again, a heart felt Thank You for ALL you do!
Bless you ALWAYS
I'm with you.
What can I do?
I think I'm in love!!
Steve Mnuchin thanks you for letting him off the hook 4 foreclosing on all those people. Banks can't cheat families w/o corrupt AG's like U
Kamala Harris fails to explain why she didn’t prosecute Steven Mnuchin’s bank https://interc.pt/2igBdpi  by @ddayen
Trump minion foot soldiers have likened you to Obama level 'threat.' Thank you for having more balls than ANY of the white men! 
I'm down with that! Kamala 2020. Or 2024. 
We've had enough handouts to people here illegally we should take care of our Veterans before anyone else!! If that hurts feeling so what!!
And making noise to big banks should honestly begin w/ the Clintons(if U keep up w/ current events)! Obama funded out of Ch 11. U know this?
.@SenKamalaHarris please, PLEASE run in 2020 so that Mark Zuckerberg won't
Keep going! Don't let those mansplaining relics quiet you and your strength and sound ideas! #RESIST #PERSIST
Fight for us, Please!   #TheEmperorHasNOClothes
You refused to prosecute OneWest for rampant fraud, then took its owners money to run for Senate! You're a fraud and this is a lie.
Thank you! War Veteran from NC here, I can't vote for you in CA, but I would if I could!!
I have 0 doubts in my mind. I am PROUD to be a Californian w/ YOUR support diligence. #thankyou #Resistance #TrumpRussia
Do you hear yourself? Do you believe what you say? Or are you so arrogant to think yourself smarter than most. Corrupt 2The Core
I hope as an attorney, Dist.Attorney4 State CA, now Senator, the lady has credentials & does consider herself smart enough on the topic
That's the problem with Democrats, all we do is make noise.
Have you considered running for president?
And tell me Kampala, which individuals in Dem Party will u target w/ truth?
Ha. They just paid your hero Obama a cool mil for a lame speech.
And progressives have had enough of the @DNC taking handouts from #WallStreet #BigPharma #BillionaireBoysClub #arms manufacturers
Hey, @BernieSanders HERE IS A FIGHTING DEM. Now take ur ball, GO HOME
Thank you!!!  
My senators (McCain&flake) are useless
@DeanLeh HEAR HEAR Senator Harris, take care of our business.
Love you.
We need to cap the amount of homes a single person is allowed to own. Plus stop foreign investors from buying homes.
2. It's dishonest of you to tweet as if you or any Democrat can do anything about the way the next crash/recession is being fashioned.
1.  It's dishonest of you to tweet rhetoric implying that the struggle is yet to come, when Dodd-Frank was gutted last week.
THE REPUBLICANS ARE TRYING TO JAM THROUGH THEIR ANTI-HEALTHCARE BILL, PLEASE FIGHT FOR THE SICK & DYING OF THIS NATION!!!
Get em girl! 
Does anyone remember the last time a male senator was asked to be courteously? I
Steve Mnuchin says hi.
Thank you Ma'am, Madam Senator!
My all best wishes with u in this moment.
God always bless u more .
We're behind you What can we Diego this help How can we implement our Rights in addition to voting?
Glad you rep us here in Cali!!!! Thank you @SenKamalaHarris ...keep being the STRONGEST of the strong who doesn't take sh*t!!
I agree, handouts only to those who need it.  No handouts if you are not willing to work, but are able to.
We were tired of paying for illegal immigrants in the state of California when you were here. We are still tired of it. Gravy train ends.
You ROCK! Thank you!
Yes!
https://www.google.com/amp/s/static.theintercept.com/amp/kamala-harris-fails-to-explain-why-she-didnt-prosecute-steven-mnuchins-bank.html … talk is cheap. You were given an option to prosecute a bank for fraud and did nothing.
Please do! The theft, greed and avarice of Wall Street and too big to fail banks has got to end!
A well run bank playing by the rules and regulations has no problem making a profit. They do not need extra help.
You and Comey 2020!
@KamalaHarris THANK YOU!!
Cynical & greed-driven repeal of Dodd-Frank ignores abuses/scams of 2008. Are taxpayers on the hook again bailouts? Restore Glass-Steagahl.
You go!  You have the #Resistance behind you!!!
Ty Sen Harris!  
@ManuelSillas54  We need to impeach Donald trump, also Kamala. You are so beautiful, with all your respect senator. But your beauty. Lol
Thanks for all ur hard work
Is DOJ seriously looking at allowing Trump to receive foreign payments? He has gotten away with way too much.
You and Warren can yell at some bankers, then when it counts, throw your support behind sold out Wall St. hacks like HRC. #ActionNotWords
Yea when do WE get OUR bailouts?
Thank you! @a_hulbert
how about you demand Ginsburg recuse herself from travel ban hearing
Don't let them shut you up!  Persist! Resist! We have your back!
Everything the GOPDT deregulates we the consumer have the power to grab our wallets.Switch banks, buy eco friendly cars etc. #Resist
If we can afford to buy anything

Thank you

Big fan
Yea we lost 60 thousand
Sen Harris please think fwd...WH 2020  I think u might have a few supporters 
Dodd-Frank was legislation that PROTECTED consumers and put in place important financial regulation to prevent another financial collapse.
Its repeal tell you everything you need to know. We don't matter. Banks do. Wall Street does. US citizens not so much.
Thank you!! <3
@TomAdler doing a great job. Very happy with your work for us. Making Californians proud. 
Thank you Senator Harris!
Need real info. Both sides=same talking points. I know Warren's work 2 this, so Reps seem fishy, but PR=same from both sides=confusing.
Now They are $elling, Sub Prime Car Loans...Another Mega Disaster Coming Down the Road...Please Stop This Greedy Insanity, They Make Chaos!
GOP will vote for anything leadership wants
You had a chance to do that in California and didn't.  Why would you do anything different now?  Serious damn question.
@jljac1313 no more two party control Third party time Green party or independent
I agree. As A Country And A Society We Have A Responsibility To Protect And Support Our People. Not The Greed Of Wall Street.
Thank you, cannot have another 2008 without democratic president looming close 2 being POTUS. If fall happens now, DT gone, still GOP POTUS
Unfortunately
@kincaid323 "Nevertheless, she persisted!"  Thank you, Senator Harris.
Investigation of widespread misconduct closed after Kamala Harris’s office declined to file civil enforcement action.
You go, Kamala!
You're my hero!
I wish I lived in your state Rep Harris! You just may inspire me to move.
Love your courage intelligence and heart !
You go, girl!!! #ShePersisted #ImpeachTrumpNow
girls run the world! Go girl!!!!!
Run 2020
Thanks. And a pox on Burr and McCain.
Go girl!
You keep doing you girl. I am loving it. We need more and more examples of women like you as we keep fighting.
Thank you, ma'am! People can't take too much more of corporate abuse-nor can our economy. #SenKamalaHarris
Thank you!!  Keep up the great work and don't back down!
What about healthcare....please save us
my parents are still feeling the fallout, they have never been the same since. Thank you for fighting for us.
Thank you @KamalaHarris
What ever
You did not prosecute steve mnuchin (the Foreclosure King) when you had the chance, cuz he's a donor. Yuck.
 @SenKamalaHarris @DNC #BLM
Wall Street is fine, lets help Main Street!
Way to go Sen Harris.
How about sneaking healthcare?  When will Dems STAND UP?  Nobody is talking about what Senate is doing. Incredible failure
Please rally all democrats and persist.
Dodd Frank is done, you cannot stop the GOP & Wall St now from ripping off Americans & their 401ks, stock, or Mortgages tied with market.
stop Dodd -Frank repeal
You are such a fighter, I wish there were a way to cast a vote for you. Oh wait, I can think of one way....
How about you call the police? They are criminals. They are stealing. AGAIN.
Will you pledge not to accept political contributions from Wall Street?
We agree & families should be protected but Dodd-Frank is TOO restrictive & also hurts families.#Revisions #MLO
Thank You! Our dream of home ownership would have been FORECLOSED if Pres Obama hadn't saved us.
Keep up the great work. America needs representitives like you who can speak truth to power. Your Awesome. Thank you very much
So much respect for you always... but especially this week. Thank you!!
Thanks
And create another financial collapse!
Love you!!!!!   Thank you for all you do for WE THE PEOPLE!!!  
@Heinzilla I am grateful you're my SenatorI pity people who live under GOP

#TRUMPCOMEYTAPES: Will be produce and available at barnes and noble, when hell freezes over. 
Thank you Senator Harris!
You were Great the other day!🖒
Damn she's hot
DM
Handouts to WallSt? It looks bad when last DemPrez  is raking in millions of WallSt payola for all the handouts and favorable legislation.
Please run for president in 2020.
Again ...Thank you!
Don't know how much pull you have but you'll need every ounce of it with these crooks
The time for making noise is past, it is time for action.
Oh I believe!!!!! #harris2020
Force banks to use borrowers true debts when qualifying.Include health/car ins,cable/internet/utilities/groceries.Do that avoid bubble
This is an invitation to the banks to screw homeowners again. Can you say underwater?
No bank forces anybody to purchase a house. Why should a private enterprise bail out a person for the person's bad decision?
we are with you in this fight.. it is mad to remove the regulations... in 5 years our money will be use to save the banks..

. . . and yet she persisted.
Already the Investment Banker-due to Trumps EOs, cannot help advise us; unless they charge-costly to Seniors and all
You are my hero 
You seem to be my hero daily! Keep fighting to really make America great again
Thanks for being a true rep of "the people".
It is obvious that their main concern is big money and not the lives of every day Americans.
Dodd Frank destroyed small community banks and sided with big banks Small community banks are necessary for small business growth
Someone has to take over for @SenSanders and protect Main Steet, Go Kamala #resist #UnitedBlue
Kick ass and take names
Thank you, Senator!
Wheres the noise over the last 8 years in regards to big government cheating tax payers via increased taxes, higher health insurance, etc
Thank you, Senator.
Yes. That's your job. Do it.
Senator I live on the E coast and recently started foll you (so glad I did) after seeing your interview w Jake Tapper. Thanks for all u do!
Thank you, @SenKamalaHarris Glad that we have a few people like you that care about the average family. Be our voice. 
BRING THE NOISE. BRING THE RUCKUS.  THE PEASANTS REVOLT OF 1381 MUST REVIVED.

The stock market in and of itself poisons society and business.  When your clients are shareholders, long term growth is a sacrificial lamb.
Fight like hell for us Senator Harris!
Maybe the media should start comparing this to Sarbanes Oxley.. no one wants to go back to the days before Enron.
GOP congress ALREADY VOTED to roll back Dodd-Frank, which already was weak. If Banks do risky investments,TAXPAYERS cover all Bank losses.
Thank you for fighting for us, senator! 
Wall Street can bend over and take it. They've been screwing over AMERICA forever. The time for big payouts and million dollar salaries:OVER
They already took over half of my retirement. I don't think I can afford for them to take any more.
Bless u 
Mrs.Kamala Thank you for having a backbone. #couragenotcourtesy
I hope you make more noise than you made about Steve Mnuchin's OneWest.
@stevenmnuchin1 @FHFA Treasury and FHFA took over Fannie and Freddie to bail the banks. Release them. We are not a banana republic.
I believe you!
If you run for President in 2020, I will love to work for you. @SenKamalaHarris
Thank you!
Keep up the great work!!!
That is a good Idea Senator Harris. You should take on the central bank. You must be very brave.
Thank you! You are appreciated.
lol, wells fargo was in your back yard while you were ag - you did nothing
Would be more inclined to believe you if Mnuchin was behind bars right now instead of the White House…
You are quickly becoming my favorite. I'm sad I'll never see HRC in the WH- I'd be be ok if you get there. Rock on!
YES! Acknowledged Sen. Kamala Harris of Oakland,California
That's why you need to push a FLAT TAX with no deductions no returns government get a set percentage no one gets off.
We've seen you in action and have no doubt you will be heard! Much appreciate your strength and character!
Now I gotta sat this is one "bad@ss" new senator, I'd love to see Trump testify and her questioning him!!!  Keep on speakin out, PLEASE
Our secty of the treasury took advantage of thousands of CA families by buying West Bank & aggressively foreclosing on them @stevenmnuchin1
Sadly, if they have to be told to do right by the American people, we're already in trouble. A phone call isn't going 2 change that..
Thank you so much! I am so happy to have you represent me, we love you
Thank you
Thank YOUI'm just amazed at the level of greed at the top.
That's my senator!
Not my Senator
Move back to Utah?
Voted most likely conservatives in CA
