Why #Obama didn't do that? Ahh because they couldn't vote yet, he gave the citizenship to the ones that were in high school up so they vote
http://www.askheritage.org/did-president-obama-grant-amnesty-to-illegal-immigrants-without-congress/ …
Personally know they got it &turn 21 & introduce papers to parents.. BTW in CA EVERYONE votes no matter what & look how we are ..
Listen,getting the residency IS a path to CITIZENSHIP!! You can spin it as you like,& then they VOTE,don't b naive or stupid
Wait til we get the Dems back in so it can be done right #VoteBlue2020
So why didn't they do that before?
The DREAM Act has been introduced in previous Congresses. GOP Senators filibustered it in 2010; and have blocked it outright since.
Good, hope they keep it that way 
Don't try to defend harming people for things that they had no choice in.

And don't try to defend criminalizing undocumented immigration.
The USA has the obligation to give options to obtain citizenship to _all_ immigrants.
Says who? You? No country does that .. we need to control immigration before we ALL suffer.. #unsustainable
I have been espousing that for years... When the Dems get the majority again, they need to push that bill through...
If you were a student of history, you would know that the chances of Dems getting majority during the mid-term is greater than not...
I was speaking of the house, but based on Republican political chaos, I don't see the GOP gaining much, unless they cheat once again...
I'd like some peace of mind knowing I can marry my boyfriend and build a family without having him sent back all of a sudden #DreamAct #DACA
https://soundcloud.com/ramsesrios/sets/third-times-the-charm … check out our struggle
No, we don't. They can blame their illegal parents for the scam they pulled on their violation of law.  NO TO THE DREAM ACT!
THEY'VE HAD THE PAST 4 DAMN YEARS TO START THEIR LEGALIZATION PROCESS....OH SHIT FACTOR SHOULD HAVE HIT, YEEEEEARS AGO!!
These are American children who should be given their Citizenship. Thank you for addressing this issue.
Illegal is illegal. Maybe you should read the laws. Have you ever heard of preventable measures? You let them then it will never stop.
It would be great to layout a dream act that does this without creating incentive for more children to brought in illegally.
But we need to do it without caving on the Fucken Wall or criminalizing more families or expanding imm detention for profit  @mijente

Hola.  Como. Esta.  Descansando.  A. Que  hora  comienzsn  ttiis  acttividsdes
#EndDACA
Wrong. Send them home. Then they can choose to come back the legal way if they like.
If you are so worried about this, you should have told Obama not to let them pour in. Build the wall!
Oh look: a "religious" person defying the Bible and shunning the less fortunate. She's talking about kids, not walls/Obama. Be charitable!
She's talking about teenage gangsters.  2Kings 2:23-24
Dreamers are not gangsters. You appall me. I shall pray for you because you need it.
Many of them are MS-13. Everyone needs prayers, thank you I appreciate that, as long as you pray in Jesus name.
No illegal immigration
they need to apply and go through the channels like everyone else.  The fact they have done nothing and are adults is disrespectful to USA.
It makes no sense that their parents brought them here illegally. Adios ninos. #BuildTheWall
It makes so sence to give illegals a way to anchor themselves here just because they had children
#EthnicCleansing Mexicans
from land conquered from Mexico
Is A Nazi like policy.

#BoycottThanksgiving
You would need to change the Constitution first and that will not happen
Tell them to take that up with their Parents not their next door neighbors
We are behind you 100%!  We should. It be ripping apartment families!
To GOP, makes perfect sense. Brutal and unAmerican.
Please let me know how I can help.
Yes. But I hope the issue is not attached to the Budget Process as bribery/blackmail.
NO!
They should have a path to citizenship ... in Mexico.
It also makes no sense there's no way to immigrate legally unless you're rich. It's as if they'd prefer undoct'd labor bc it's cheaper.
Nothing makes much sense anymore.
No "we" don't. You don't speak for Actual Americans. 
Your victim card has expired and the Socialist Racist @TheDemocrats party is finished
It also makes no sense that DACA activists were arrested for civil disobedience outside WH barrier but white supremacists given a pass
But it goes against DJT Revenge Policy. Never mind truth, justice, country-- if PBO did it, T & GOP will try to crush it.
Also protect the Children with one or two immigrant parents. If Arpaio can be pardon so as they!
What would you like us to do senator.
We are with you madam president can't wait to see you out on the campaign trail. We need a return to common sense & decency 
Real family:
attorney from South America uprooted entire family
withdrew children from private schools
entered US via commercial airline
1
Turned into an alcoholic
Cheats on wife
Lives in Chicago 
Pays zero income tax
Works as a car valet
2
Daughter got free university education
while legal US citizens take out student loans
His kids have married other illegals
Alcoholism ...
3
Among kids and spouses gets them into court for driving and domestic violence
They plan on returning to SA eventually w bribes
4
NO!
Need to negotiate w/ home countries to allow return w/o jail or other penalties
Need to enforce US Federal law against employers of UW
And Dany the Stormy Targaryan needs her blue-eyed dragon, back, after Sunday's episode, on ALL MY GOATS, per Spearchucker Jones, CAL '76.
Notice there's a clock on Mueller 3's discovery, in ANY court or media outlet, re his trashing FBI on AQ so 911 es GRANDE FUBAR, con Feinie.
And work on removing dtrump from office.  He is NOT fit to be potus.  Help us remove him asap!
@amyklobuchar @alfranken Please support the dream act.

Trump sides with a criminal nazi gang. He says WE talking about them and THEY about the other side. A Nazi Drumph?
If anyone has gotten hear under the legal age and turn of age in the United States they should be automatically granted citizenship
You need to run in 2020. Please!
Possible?
Trump Logic = Trump & his party/followers are bigots that fear anyone different than themselves.   Foreign shouldn't equate to fear.
It won't happen with this racist in the president office..
He is not a racist. Do not speak please on that. We are the right and judgement is not a plan of God's love for us.
Everyone should be given the opportunity if they are hardworking and loyal to America.
It makes NO SENSE keeping a maniacal, criminal fool in the WH with the Nuclear Codes!
@SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan #DOSOMETHINGGOP b4 he does!
Can't they become naturalized?
Read that Trump will use the dreamers as a bargaining tool to get the wall built
In all honesty good. These individuals would gladly do almost anything to know they get to stay. If the money goes to the wall then okay

We have to Stop this They have paid their dues
NOPE!!!!
The path is a well worn path with untold generations trodding it before the "dreamers" were even a twinkle in daddy's eyes.

LA County used almost $1.3 billion in welfare money to pay illegal immigrant families in 2015 & 2016.

Meanwhile, they've homeless citizens.
Immigration is a tough issue to win Kammi, but DACA is an EXCELLENT issue to endorse .  These children are Americans and deserve citizenship
Did you take an oath to uphold the constitution?  Should we just drop that?
Yes. Can you imagine living your entire life in a neighborhood, city, state, country, only to be told you must leave, once you're grown?
Where would you go? Imagine your parents are Italian, Greek, British, Irish, Polish, and you had never lived where they were born. 
Because we've become a country of outdated processes and a crumbling physical infrastructure.  Spills into all areas.
Living in that kind of marginalized existence must feel bleak.  How do you contribute when every step sounds like eggshells cracking?
Agree!
If not, send Melania back!
OK, we give them citizenship, then that spills over to mom, dad, gramps, grandma...etc
Yes
You bring your kids to Disneyland and leave them there, do they get season passes for life? Nope, you get arrested for child endangerment.
The "sense" is what we normals refer to as the "rule of law."  You should look it up sometime and become familiar with it.
Obama should've gone through congress instead of using just a pen and a phone. #justsaying
Racism and xenophobia will never make sense. The DREAM Act must pass. Talk to just one undocumented millennial. Your heart will break 
If everyone learned a single family's story they would all better understand It's not about criminals they're good people
You had 8 years, why didn't you do it
No, we don't. We need to enforce the law.
Your boy @BarackObama had 8 years?  #Hypocrite
62 million voters said NO.
We also need single payer health care. Say it.
We also need government provided food and housing.  Everybody enjoys waiting in a line for a loaf of bread.
Strongly agree. These people don't even remember their country of origin. They are Americans for all intents and purposes. Cruel to deport.
So parent's who committed fraud and crimes are allowed to stay?
Can't we focus on Healthcare, Medicare and Social security.

Russia Connection

Crimes against America by the #ElectoralCollege
No we need a more detailed definition of citizen.
for everyone we take then 1 senator has to go to their country of origin for Not Doing Their JOB
It's called get off your ass and start the paper work
Why isn't there a bill?
Maybe we could swap you for 20 of them that haven't been arrestrd?
Lol Mr 0 Followers!!
Absolutely!
I wish I could things that are illegal and get away with it. But I'm a citizen so I am held accountable
The key is for people to understand how much hardworking young people BRING to this country--brains, dedication, patriotism, love.
Yes like this pic in SoCal. Does this look like assimilation to you? Major Blvd and business waving Mexico's flags? Wake up!
It makes no sense that the #Awanbrothers had access to @TheDemocrats computers. Why haven't you said anything about this @SenKamalaHarris ?
We all know this is endless keep them at each other's throats issue career politicians won't solve. How do you think we ended up with Trump?
Radical politician states following federal law makes no sense, forgets in minority party bc Americans overwhelmingly want to sure up border
It's serves as an incentive for illegal immigration. Can't have it.
(1)Don't try to defend harming people for things that they had no choice in.
(2)We could stop criminalizing undocumented immigration at all.
But it's illegal.  US doesn't  have open borders. That's 1 of the things that keeps it strong.  You can move to a country with open borders
How Christ-like of you...
Amazing how many American Christians like to pretend that Matthew 25:31-46 isn't in the Bible they say they believe in.
It also makes no sense to punish taxpayers, who through no fault of their own, have been forced to pay the costs of illegal immigration.
#KamalaBomaye!
Yes,Sen.Kamala Harris, your tweet (notification) TRUTHFULLY, mins ago, (Family) Tweet always,I do, Beautiful Scenery, of Lake Tahoe; LAND
7:02pm.CT @MLBnetwork @Dodgers LA vs @Pirates Pittsburgh @SenKamalaHarris,
Agree
And of course Mr 0 Followers John agrees with his other account
I'm with you.  Everyone in our country benefits by the dream act. These kids have much to contribute to us all
Yes!
Actually Kamala, it's called a deterrent. Being a welfare state, granting citizenship only creates smaller slices of the welfare pie for all
Why should US kids be denied their fair share of the welfare system because a couple from another land decided to bring their children here?
Your thinking on this, although good by intention, is actually very harmful to your fellow Americans dear. Please understand. I know try..
@ManuelSillas54  citizenship is protected by our constitution. Anybody who get born in our country.
#NoBanNoWallNoRaids
@ManuelSillas54 @MariaCeleste @carmendominicci @elba_guera @RuthShepersky1 I.agree with senator Harris citizenhip by born is protected by
Refusing to pass a path to citizenship takes US back to the days before we were America. We are the "land of the free." #EnglishNotRequired
If I could start my life over again from college, I would follow the same path as Senator Kamala Harris. She is living the American Dream!
And also maybe don't criticize Trump for not building the wall fast enough...
There is a path for citizenship for these children, they can go back where they came from then come back to the United States legally#path
It’s easy to say that when are not the one being dumped into a country you have no memory of.
Well there's only two people to blame, their parents for breaking the law and bringing them here illegally. Get tough maybe it'll stop...
It may take a President who actually has a heart and a brain!
I won't trust you or other Dems on immigration until you stop sanctuary city policies and support federal law. First things first.
Because it's not about who is going to vote for who. It's about doing the right thing
Path to legal residency has a better chance of passing, quit playing around you know some far-right GOP would never support Citizenship
Should have been done in early 2009!
Thank you from an Arizonan who wants everyone to remember this especially today!
We need you as Potus.
What is the path to do that when democrats are in minority and @potus can end status @ will?
Compromise. Trump gets his wall, Dems get Dream Act. Or some variance of that
Her previous tweet was one ruling that out.
That's a nice slogan but not very pragmatic
Punishing Children
for the "sins" of their Parents
That's exactly what it is, punishing children.
-Like, Alt-Left aka Democrap Leftist punishing today's US citizens for their sins of 100yrs ago. Democrats from Burning black neighborhood
They and their parents are illegal.  Deport

Who the eff cares it's her whose making the difference. BTW you might want to remind yourself of the lying cheaters in the GOP!
if Bernie is making another run for the WH, his supporters need to remember we're on the same side!!!

