To the Latino community, I stand with you.
No you don't.
Obama-warm, loving, strict but forgiving. Arpaio-none of those things. Don't imagine Obama is his fan anymore than I am.
Obama worthless divider for 8 years.  Obama is only a fan to himself.
Honestly, is any really surprised?
It's going to take something big to save aMeRiCa.
We'll be so far gone by elections...
gif name?:o so good and true
MFC nazi dictator trump is a racist misogynistic bombastic ignorant pig
Funny how you blindly issue blanket statements, but don't reply to those who disagree with you. Isn't this also discrimination?
Pls talk to your colleagues about beginning impeachment proceedings. TY
You can't impeach a POTUS just because he pardoned a Sherriff.  Nice try.
may be impeached  based on : obstruction of justice; collusion; treason; etc
The way it's going, they keep coming up with crap but haven't found anything.  Again, try again.  Next, they will try and go after Pence.
There is plenty of proof everytime he willingly breaks the law, what remains to be done is getting congress to agree to impeach.
Don't understand why the GOP just "can't quit him"?
with that logic, by pardoning manning, obama sided with treason?!
One could say that he is hanging himself.
It's time to impeach (and in your case convict) this POTUS. Please get your colleagues moving on this. We are fed up with an unfit POTUS.
What crime has he committed? Serious question. I'm all ears
Do you know what illegal stands for ?
This man sitting in the WH, believes he is not accountable to the Law, he supports violating civil liberties & civil rights.  #impeach
...said the village idiot
Wonder where that sentiment was at from Democrats when Bill Clinton pardoned his own coke head brother.
did he do same atrocities or worse than sheriff joe?
His dream was equality and justice for all. Yet people like you on both  sides of the political spectrum divide us. Your rhetoric is empty.
Only disgrace is your stand on the Wall & given your leftist slant probable opposition 2 tax cuts Trump sided with an 85 year old ex sheriff
SERIOUSLY, if ANYONE still stands by @realDonaldTrump , they are racists, too. @VP @HouseGOP @SenateGOP #ImpeachTrumpNOW
So back up your statement with facts there buttercup or just go back hugging your puppy
This is a country with borders.  We like all nations protect our country whether people sneaking in the border are white, black, or Hispanic
It's a blatant disregard for law and order...hypocrisy at its best here
Write a bill - no pardons without judicial committee approval and application
I told you guys & ladies Tuesday when #trump had his #kkk #brotherofthecloth at the podium in #phxkkk #rally he was going to do pardon him 
Trump is slowly taking people's freedoms away by covert, insidious attacks on specific groups & Executive Orders. Shocking. #impeachTrump
Yes! He's got an evil plan for sure!!
Oh that evil man him n his 1$ salary trying to give u more money in your wallet instead of paying it for taxes getting u better jobs so evil
Yet nothing will happen to him so what?
I'm dying in tears of laughter! Obama communes a sentence of a KNOWN terrorist & ur worried about a patriot!
You'd know all about disgrace.  Your record in California is one.
It's an impeachable abuse of power. You know your constitutional obligation.
No, it's not. Otherwise Obama would have been impeached for his pardoning of drug dealers, a traitor and a bomber.
Congress needs to #ImpeachTrump NOW! There's more than enough cause 2 #ImpeachTrump !
Y'all DO something then!
And if you want to try to answer this ( witch I have yet to get a respectful answer mostly hate) Try going to another country and live for..
1st of all it's "which" not witch. 2nd, I'd never leave this amazing country. That's why it's so heartbreaking to see what's going on.
For you but I'm done I'm going away for good now
He is a delusional disgraceful person no ethics no morals devoid of a soul.  People continue to be revered by his supporters #impeachtrump
SEEMS LIKE THAT ALL HE DOES IS DIVIDE!!!!
We must remove 45. He is a disgrace and totally disregards the Constitution!
So instead he should be pardoning drug dealers and killers like 44 did?
#Arpaio is a killer. Now he can be sued by the families of his victims in CIVIL COURT!
Hahaha!  yep! How does it feel to be a Russian Bot?? Can you read  on the LAW?? Do bots finish high school??
This #clearly once again proves #trump  is a #racist because he #clearly gave a #racist a #pardon . #impeachtrumpnow he is the #devil 100% .
@FabulousLVNV trump sides with anyone who is against immigrants!
Don't forget traitors like Chelsea Manning.
I am a constituent of yours, and every time I "like" a post of yours I breathe a sigh of relief that my calls and faxes aren't necessary.
So your the one who voted for her my my so sad!
*you're
I'm devastated by this. What is becoming of this country?
THIS HAS ALWAYS BEEN OUR COUNTRY SADLY!!!!
Blatant display of 3rd World Dictatorship behavior seeks to Hi-Jack the US Constitution & efforts of America's Founders! Law is dismissed!
Presidents can pardon people. They've all done it. Obama bush Reagan. Not against any law
Trump keeps getting away with murder and no one is stopping him not Pence not the Republicans no one! This is disgusting! #TheResistance
You voted for the murders slick willie/hilly clinton didn't you.
No! I did not! I wasn't registered to vote back then!
I was, in fact I recall how people would track the many, many unexplained, mysterious deaths connect to the clintons.
Is your head mounted on the agitator of a washing machine.  You can be either tough on crime, or ignore the laws, not both
So where was your outcry when Obama pardoned a convicted terrorist, drug dealer, thiefs, murderers, traitors and so on?
HAHA! What did you say when Obama pardoned drug dealers (who went on to murder),violent felons, terrorists, and traitors?
no, POTUS was making a statement about Illegal Immigration. You, the Dems and the Far Left always claim racism as an argument
But this is ok?!

https://youtu.be/1fZ6BQKgWoI 

You people are all a bunch of hypocrites.  What is this, do as I say not as I dopffft!
And it's what a fascist leader does...

#kamalaharris2020
I can only hope Arpaio comes to work for Trump and arrest all of you that lie cheat and steal from us the American people.
this joke of a man in the potus seat is an aberration from humanity that has never been witnessed in this nation.he is beyond reason.IMPEACH
Arpaio was political, so he joined the rant about Barry O. being a Kenyan-born Muslim. Obama's USDOJ retaliated, while MS-13 calls ur shots.
It's a disgrace, but what's just as bad is why nobody is moving forward with impeachment?
U r the best laxative in the world u speak and i have to crap
Excuse me miss @KamalaHarris @SenKamalaHarris 
Do u remember how long an investigation 
Like
"PLACER COUNTY MISCONDUCT"
took 2 complete?
Who is galen gering? He likes people as if he is someone we should know?  And I disagree with u Ms. Harris. We can disagree it's America!!!!


Pardon is the backup plan if obstruction of justice doesn't work. https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/trump-asked-sessions-about-closing-case-against-arpaio-an-ally-since-birtherism/2017/08/26/15e5d7b2-8a7f-11e7-a94f-3139abce39f5_story.html?utm_term=.8aa55147959f …
No ! He is a patriot +not given a jury he was following the law unlike Obama +Clinton pardons of drug dealers cop killers +family criminals
Agreed. Thanks for waving that 242 flag #IslandBoyApproved! #Blessings #Bahamas
Obama pardoned a traitor who gave US enemies state secrets, he also pardoned a terrorist who killed Americans. Spare us the lecture Harris
Kamala, we need your help. Please strongly consider running for POTUS in 2020. You can make a difference. There will never be a better time.
Kamala could you please ask Congress to have your Pres (not mine) to quit holding little girl's backs against his penis. He does it to Kia 2
Surely the courts are in the wrong not Arpaio! ALL law makers/keepers should be helping remove ALL illegal immigrants! They are 'illegal'!!
@realDonaldTrump's Pardon of #Arpaio is a message of intimidation to the people Arpaio wronged. It is a message of #WhiteSupremacy
What kind of an animal forces a woman to give birth while she's in shackles,he and trump need to be cell mates
Ms. Harris, can you lead unilateral Congressional sanction of Trump?



YES!!!
There's a saying in Hebrew: 
"Show me who your friends are and then I'll show you who you are".
Trump in a nut shell.
But he doesn't have any friends? Just sycophants and lackeys.
Those are the friends in question
Not just sided with - he's using his office to actively promote hate and discrimination. Showing us who is really is. Shameful. Deplorable.
It is you that is disgraceful
Tu. Eres la razón.  De. Mi. Vida  kamalita
Unless the pardoned individual is for real innocent, all pardons are inherently a disgrace. Including the ones Obama issued. Works both ways
Wasn't aware I was supporting some thing Pres. Obama did. So there's that.
That was directed at her, not you. You were mentioned because you RT New Twitter update I have to figure out, Sorry!
Shows he's loyal to a racist sheriff. Well loyal to all racist.
Not even close to as bad as pardoning Chelsea Manning. NOT EVEN IN THE BALL PARK. If you think so, you really have zero common sense
Trump only pardoned him for the federal judge case. Couldn't charges be brought on other cases? He's got quite the rap sheet. #ExposeArpaio
Inaction from GOP Leaders makes them complicit. This is Now the new face of the GOP - White Supremacist, NeoNazi supporting.
His pardoning of the sheriff is a national illustration of what happens on the local level daily.
A murderous bomber, a traitor, and countless drug dealers and terrorists. Oh wait, that was Obama!
Thank you fir your.. brilliance!!!
I hope you guys are ok with not being able to love or own things of this world even animals and nature. Just look at the USC mascot topic
Senator tell us about Steve mnuchichin
It's odd because pardoning of sheriff joe doesn't meet the legal standard
While iam at i stand by ALL COLORS OF OUR COUNTRY. FULL STOP
It is obvious you know nothing about the history of the man, grow up, learn your history, come up with your own thought. Lefty lover.
Shakes me to my core. We can not rely on the chicken Sh.. Republicans to do it exect for 3 2 women 1 Brave American fightig rain cancer
I am proudly an AMERICAN citizen of The Greatest country in the world and watching that slowly be chiped away by our shameLESS POTUS
He is corrupt. You know he will send the nukes- because he can.
Help Us..
Agent Orange is drawing a map to the tree he can't find to hang people from.
He has no respect for the law. This was political statement. The old creep hadn't even been sentenced.
Great. Agreed. Now #ImpeachTrump ! Enough talk already.
If the polls aren't rigged after this voter roll thief, this daily crap should at a minimum set up the block in house/ senate!! Plunk Dems!
What is going to happen because a WHOLE process was countermanned. In spring DOJ received Trump's request to stop Arpaio case. Obstruction
So what now...is anyone going to step up and stop this madness.  ENOUGH OF THIS RACIST PRESIDENT.
Investigation. That would be a show to watch. I don't think he would get far with lying. Trump does lie and will continue to do so.
As you can see no one should trust him he lies all the time. It had to stop I would like to lock him in a room with Trey Gowdy on the Russa
I look at arpaio and see a hundred years of racism, slowly being erased . Maybe one day there won't be any racists left
More to put in place safety procedures that won't let him abuse his power like he just did?
Senator Harris the senate stopped Trump on making any move to veto the sanctions on Russia ad he surly would have used can they do anything
I despise trump, but arpaio is not a bell weather event.
His 31% love hate, an oxymoron in his own mind
Then do something about it. I'm tired of hearing how horrible he is from the politicians. U have the power to start an impeachment, so do it
He doesn't care • we have to make him care • when he is facing Imment remind him of all the cap he did •my god who voted this ass in •
What can be done about this nightmare, Senator?  How much is enough?  #25thAmendmentNow
Looks like THIS is what having ALOT of MONEY does to a person; deteriorates the soul so you no longer care...
@realDonaldTrump is a disgrace. When is Congress going to do something other than wring their hands and make non-committal statements?
Most of us know that Senator Harris but the president is either to dumb or he just doesn't care. I can tell you one thing Im angry about it.
Would pay $50 to see you say that to Jamiel Shaw Sr. in person. Misrepresenting the truth for votes is way more disgraceful btw. Get a job.
You and congress need to do something now! What r u waiting for?!,, #ImpeachTrumpNow @SenateGOP @HouseGOP
The guys 85 years old what's his crime following the immigration laws.
The solution is easy, Dems and Reps have to join forces to rein in this evil excuse for a human being #p2
tRump is disgustingly out of touch.
He sided with Nazis. Call it for what it is
This not discrimination! It is a person standing up for the law of this land!! Thanks you Mr. President!! Something stupid Obama didn't do.
Do something.
Totally.
Yeah, he should have sent that 85 year old man to jail.  The f#cker.  @KamalaHarris
He also sided on the side of breaking the law and snubbing the law of the land.  He has got to be removed. GOP & supporters own this guy
This sad excuse of a Prez is more than a disgrace. This idiot is a cancer that is spreading quickly so lets find a cure and heal America.
Worse. He thumbs his nose at the Constitution.
With all due respect we know. People in your position must do something about it
Yes, it is. We cannot accept it. We need to develop solutions to this path of destruction.
He has chosen to be the leader of white nationalists. Pls persuade MOC to declare whether they r w/ him or the American ppl.
No, not really.
Sadly, I dont think values, principles, and human decency do not matter anymore. This is slowly becoming the new religion.
He sided with a racists criminal. Can't you speak plain and stop playing politics?
We are supposed to act as sheep and say yes to a domestic terrorist called trump
I say get out the pitch forks The real USA is coming
Why are people so freaking  surprised TROJAN TRUMP & family has been displaying Racist behavior in the public eye from the very beginning
Why is @realDonaldTrump #SonBarron in Camp David briefing mtg pic? No words 
Surprised by the #trump #arpaiopardon?Don't bethewere sick when @SenateGOP
@GOPdismissed 
#grabthembythepussy
#IMPEACHtrump
When you or Obamma pardon someone.even a terrorist is ok 
Stop pandering to Hispanic community.@you becoming race baiter  like sharpton.
Regardless of MieN Kampf trump;s disgrace &ignoring laws!Gets away with it all!So can &will only continue!With worse yet to come!
A lot of voters see the sheriff as active in protecting citizens from illegal immigrant violent criminals. You need to talk to them. Have u?


Obama releases terrorists from Gitmo who end up killing more innocents & Americans? Liberals cheer! Trump pardons Sheriff Joe? Liberals cry.
When is Congress going to do something? There comes a point when #Congress has to work together, BEFORE total chaos & civil war. Like NOW!
He sided with the law!
Yes it is, but even more disgraceful is the fact that the GOP still supports and protects him! 
if Trump shot someone on Fifth Ave then @HouseGOP will say he is new to this and someone just got in the way of the slug!
He has NEVER demonstrated otherwise?  Every time, everyone’s shocked!
Such a shocking statement from you.   #not
No. The "disgrace" is that the electoral college allows for racists to assume the office of the presidency. Why does it still exist????
Are @SenateDems  @HouseDemocrats working to get the @SenateGOP @HouseGOP off their entitled asses to help the very people who elected them?
Like Obama the biggest abuse of EO's not to talk abt Iran deal and Cuba 
And unequivocally, pushed us over into a Constitutional Crisis ...
nope u r
He is the divider in chief, he loves the chaos he creates. but don't be fooled, he doesn't want us to talk about the important stuff, Russia
Now what? Throw a tote-bag at Trump?
Guess he could have pardoned some Killers or a Transgender Spy like Obama did???
All I can say is Rivera and Manning.
Kamala ur a disgrace all us deplorables are soo happy he pardoned him !!!
#ImpeachOrWhatever
All Arpaio did was enforce US immigration laws. Obama told INS to ignore laws. Arpaio was arrested on bureaucratic nonsense.
What about Obama pardoning drug dealers or Clinton pardoning whitewater business associates? No one had a problem with those
@cocoblastjd SEEMS like? It's his mission to divide. How else will he get to be dictator otherwise?
Can this surprise anyone?
He IS a disgrace. Why is ANYONE surprised?!?!?!?
Could you repost your anger when Obama pardoned 1700 criminals.  Yeah, didn't think so.
James Madison noted at the Virginia ratifying convention abuse of the pardon power could be grounds for impeachment. Still correct today.
Much like your refusal to prosecute Mnuchin & One West Bank back during your tenure as California State AG.
#DemExit
#CorporateDems
start a people's campaign to remove 45 from the WH. On the 25th of ea. month, flood twitter, FB, etc. w/ 25th Amendment, call Congress P2TP
The REAL disgrace are those cities & states who knowingly allow violation of federal immigration law & expect taxpayers to foot the bill.
He is a walking wrecking ball.
Arpaio was malfeasant, lawless, convicted thug. He ran concentration camp jail, tormenting 1000's minorities, infants/elderly. Pardon wrong
But mainly he has sided with the most vicious expression of institutional racist & criminal violence .
It is also unconstitutional. It is your elected duty to stop this madman.  This is  a bipartisan problem reach across the aisle #impeach
What are you going to do about it? We voted for you in order that you would stand toe-to-toe and blow-for-blow with this type of corruption.
Remeber when Obama pardoned Manning?
It is but is there something that legally can be done? It's fine to condemn but DT doesn't understand the difference between right/wrong.
TRUMP is a DISGRACE!!!!  DUMP HIM ASAP!
I think you have that wrong. Scratch that and reverse it. Remember the kkk and other white supremacists vote red.
Don't get me wrong, I didn't like Hillary either, but if anyone else ran against him, trump would have lost.
You see I don't blame the right, I like some republicans. I blame people like trump and the fact that he is the one dividing all of us.
Typically the media is on the republicans side. Fox News was the number one news site in this nation until this year.
