Insurers were backing out long before Trump. Obamacare was stealing from other budgets to stay afloat. Obama lied repeatedly. You're in debt
That's b/c the @GOP has been sabotaging ACA since it's inception. Didn't start w/Trump, but he's certainly helping it along.
...your party pushed the crap through & your party owns the failure. #Obamacare #Democraticfailure
1) Not a Democrat.
2) The GOP has done everything it can to make it fail. Any problems it had they've exacerbated.
Well now that is a joke, no one had to do anything it is failing on its own just like Dems wanted it to do,to try & take us to single payer.
Stop believing #FauxNews and all the BS the GOP tries to feed the public & do some research.  Here's a start.
Don't have to believe the fake left news, I do my own research & I know the Democrats are at fault & Gop for not replacing this garbage.
Replacing it with what? A plan that would have left millions w/out healthcare and raised premiums for everyone else?
Trump is literally HURTING his own constituents. AND, he couldn't care less.
And neither do the GOP or Trump's supporters. I wonder which bit of America they love so much, cos it's not the people or land
Oh. Really? Please tell, what 'you' have 'sacrificed' for other Americans to live free? Will be happy to share my own, form of a US DD214!!
Not everyone has to "sacrifice" their lives to be good citizens or decent Americans. I am ever grateful for those who willingly join but
..being a good upstanding, law-abiding, tax paying (if required) citizens is all that is required. Every man is required to sign up for...
..selective service, who will have to give their lives willingly or not if called up. Personally, I volunteered my time from age 18.
Not everyone should or can join the military. Being in the military doesn't automatically make you a better citizen.
Agree 100%
Can always blame Trump, that's easy. No matter that ACA was failing before he took office, we'll ignore that part.
The @GOP has been hard at work sabotaging it since the ACA was created. Trump's just helping them.
Gotta blame something right?
Gotta put the responsibility where it belongs. ACA's not perfect, but the GOP would rather make it worse than they & fix it.
That's the story. I say get govt out of the healthcare business.
GOP actions have been causing premium increases since the start of the ACA (Obamacare).
You're on drugs the Dems passed Obama care with not one Republican vote now it's imploding Republicans have to fix it
First, we have to make sure that they all have a challenger.   I am finding that many don't
Please Sen Harris. The Unaffordable Care Act is quite capable of imploding on its own. Don't try to tie your failure on the President
Still waiting for the study to show how many people lost their plans because ObamaCrap laws deemed the insurance too good.
Very thankful to God, Obama failed to achieve his goal with Tricare; or my wife/I would be in same fix as rest of seniors! God IS Good!
No matter what side you're on this should prove Government shouldn't run. Health care, they are incompetent.
Costs the avg American $18,000/yr 4 health ins. If you get it thru your job,$4,200. Employer pays apx $14,000. #MedicareForAll abt $10,00/yr
Wow, medicare dollars are more valuable than real dollars? Fool. It cost the dame no matter what, you just want taxpayers to pay for it.
70% of all the excess paperwork would be eliminated. Have you ever seen a hospital bill? A long list of excess costs doubles the price.
Have you seen government ran VA?  Enough said, government can't run anything effectively.
Do you work for CNN ? #MAGA
K. Harris is just a female obama...
(Multiplied by ten)
...wearing a skirt, high heels; carrying very large purse, to hold stolen tax money!

So the man who has been @POTUS for about 6 months has somehow magically caused the "Obamacare" premiums to rise? Did you fall on your head?
The same way he has allowed NK to continue to build and advance nuclear weapons that can reach us....all in six months time.
No you can thank Obamarat and Bill Clinton for that.  So uneducated on facts
P R E C I S E L Y ! ! ! !
Lier. My premiums more than doubled due to Obama care
@Potus plan to kill it at all costs, and republicans should be ashamed, truly ashamed
You should be ashamed for believing the media Obama care is a disaster
Many Americans are still using it despite all the terrible things the republicans are doing.
Of course the rates never increased once in the last few http://years.lol 
I agree that Trump is trying to destroy the ACA...but I don't trust Kamala Harris as far as I can throw her. Too tied to big money.
@P How DO you sleep at night with so much hate and bitterness in your heart?
Oh that's rich.  You can't run from the truth.  Obama and Dems own this.
Yeah...If he stops the insurance bail-outs then prices will go up!  People will have to pay for their own shit!!! Novel concept, I know! FU
LMFAO.... ObamaCrap raised premiums for ALL Americans lol
Oh those premium spikes will only hit the DEM voters, not his base. Right? Riiight??
Ya know what might solve all of this? Single-payer. Why won't you vigorously support it? Too many insurance industry contributions?
Because the liberty in "life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness" means you don't have the right to force me to buy single payer insurance
1) Single Payer is NOT insurance
2) Health is different from other necessities. Illnesses come and there is no choice involved
1. Irrelevant. Forcing me to buy anything is unconstitutional. 2. My health and how I deal with any illnesses are filled with choices.
Then stop using parks, roads, electricity, libraries, schools, fire dept & police, airports, etc. Because you pay for them, idiot.
Stupid argument. All of those are public services (everyone uses them). Personal health is an personal matter (I can't use your health)
Everybody uses health services. Hope you don't have a loved-one face bankruptcy because they can't afford cancer treatment. Nice guy.
Bankruptcy is there to resolve those issues. How about you stop stigmatizing it. Nice guy
Nice try at revisionists history. Democrats created this mess. The blame on GOP is only not repealing it...yet.
This is what he wanted. And his base will say "he was right"!!!
Is this crap under the influence? Typical dishonest dem @DNC @GOP @FoxNews @katyperry @SpeakerRyan @ABC @AP @DRUDGE_REPORT @BlissTabitha
Yes, after eight years of low premium ..... shocking!! 
Idiot!
Hey Sen Harris, did you happen to notice how many seats the DEMs lost the last several elections? A lot of that loss was because of OCare
this is on your guy there premiums are all Obamacare
NO ONE BELIEVES THIS.
Premiums have been rising for years. Where have you been?
What a surprise a system dependent on subsidies from tax payers to make a broken system go, when you take taxes away wow more premiums rise
Obamacare!!! Get REAL
Once again, Kamala tries for noriety. WHERE WERE YOU WHEN CITIZENS WERE HURTING 3-7 YEARS AGO? Silent, crickets, not a care in the world.
Simply BS Kamala & you know it. This is on Obama & only Obamacare! @BarackObama Millions paid penalty & ins. Co. Dropped care.
We will clean house in 2018 regardless of party, the people are sick is career politicians not working for the people that pay your salaries
It's the chunks of money you in Congress line your pockets with, both @GOP and @DNC and then you exemp yourselves from your own bad laws
Really Ms. Harris? Trump was not even thinking of running for office four years ago that #Obamacare ruined my life.Go lie to other fools
Let me get this straight. Trump ran telling people premiums were rising. He has not been able to get any laws passed & its his fault. Moron!
Oh bullshit. The actions of the Obama administration got us into this mess! Period
You are absolutely delusional
Guess you hadn't heard! Premiums started rising before Trump even got Elected, but Thanks for stirring up more Lies & Hate!
Premiums have been rising long before Trump in office. Try again

You mean the CURRENT LEGISLATION that YOU & Dems put into place!!! LIAR!!
BECAUSE OF #LAWLESSOBAMA & YOU BLIND DEMS WHO DESIGNED THIS ACA 2 FAIL!  THIS ACA IS TOTALLY ON DEMS SHOULDERS! DONT INSULT OUR INTELLIGENCE

It's the ACA, the bill your party shoved down our throats. You OWN this.  Obama knew or was crap. That's why the damage shows now.
That's still Obamacare you talking about sweetie. Run along now and go play nice.
Sorry, Obamacare is doing that.
You and other dems have ruin CA. But you get power and outrageously great pensions. Do you still get free car and gas with retirement?
Bullshit
I live in ca my med in. is terrible and expensive I pray we don't have to use it. But at least supposed poor don't pay and get great care.
How the hell did you graduate law school? This statement is ludicrous. Premiums rose due to legislative mandates & excessive expenses. Geez!
Are you so accustomed to lying to your voters that you think the rest of us will believe this nonsense?
This was happening before Trump even got elected. Nice try though.
ObamaCare is designed to do this & bring single payer Gov healthcare. He even STOLE from Fannie and Freddie to keep it afloat while he left.
Congress is equally guilty for OCARE & the mess it has created. Take responsibility! Stop pointing fingers. The buck stops with CONGRESS!
That's a total LIE
Obamacare that you voted for is causing this collapse.
That's obama's fault!He said we could keep our doctors-LIED&price would come down$2500-LIED AGAIN! Not GOP's fault!Look in mirror&own camp!
you are an embarrassment. #ResistIdiots
Hahahahahahahaha!!!! This is the funniest thing I've read all week! Premiums were rising WAY before Trump. Stop deflecting the blame.
What a joke! It's blame somebody else time at the Democratic party!Hillary wrote a whole book about it!
It's still Obamacare you Liberal dolt. Geez
u must really think Americans are stupid-it's been known all along premiums wld rise through 2018+ the DEMS SCREWED Americans! OCareSucks!
You will be the next Debra Whatshername Schultz one day and Dem party will just want you to go away.
Mine went up 60% under your savior Obama.  Dems wrote a check on Trump's account.  Spending other people's money is what Libs do best
Wrong, what's causing the spike is the gov't mandating the coverage that everyone has to have. Butt out!
Great -- no do rising premiums because of ACA...two-bit partisan hack
No...you don't get to blame a Republican six and a half months into his first term for a disaster created by a Democrat 7 years ago. #Fail
Yes, Yes we do. He's trying to release the regulations & controls which have lightly kept the corp greed at bay. Next, he'll cut your salary
Yea.  Read the whole thing.
Obamacare caused premiums to go up. Why didn't you care then?
Not Repealing has caused premiums to rise, #ObamaNoCare bad idea from the start, thats on YOU!!
Blame those rises on the healthcare bill on Obama. Stop with blaming everything on Pres Trump. Look at your party for once.
Yes, that's because when you remove all of the subsidies which were never to have been there in the first place, the ACTUAL cost appears.
In case you really want understand Trump's actions and impact.
No it's thefelling Obamacarethat's causing premiumsto escalate that y'all Nazi Fascist Democrats forced down everyone's throttling 8 yrs ago
Go take a nap, my premiums doubled under your Oblaba
Senator, last year when AZ had 116% increase Trump wasn't President. Guess that was based on the poll that he had a 1% chance of winning.
You're awful! 
Ocare Fail was all by meticulously calculated design, create a fail then take total control. HRC was to win and move to social health. Oops.
The fix is free Market HC from across state lines. The more Comp the lower premiums & Deductibles. HC used to be affordable.
@SenKamalaHarris how is that possible when Trump has been in office for 6 mths & ACA has existed for 7 yrs? Give me proof.
Senator is a racist and homophobe
Nice try, but the costs are regulated by legislation. Sen Harris, you're a legislator, right? Legislation-legislator. We know who's to blame
Oh look, a "study" by the AP that blames @POTUS for @POTUS44 's horrible legislation. I wondered when DEMs would begin this disinformation.
Premiums have skyrocketed for last 7 years, and N K Nukes took 25 years! Your blame game is for the weak minded. MAGA!
https://www.google.com/amp/www.foxbusiness.com/politics/2017/05/01/mnuchin-on-fannie-and-freddie-funds-used-to-pay-for-obamacare-its-true.amp.html …
We had same ins co for many years, then lost coverage 3 times due to #ACA. Repeal it and open the markets.
You are obviously part of the problem not part of the solution!
So Pres Trump in office about 7 months is at fault for a law only you democrats voted for. Previous 8 years of premium hikes don't count.
U do the American people a great disservice by pushing this BS as truth. we are smarter than U & others on the hill think we are! Shameful!
What BS excuse are you using for the previous 4 years??
Americans don't need feds in our health insurance to begin with!
Of course it's all Trumps fault bc he is not willing to embezzle  from Freddie Mac/Fannie May like you, Dems & Obama were. Dems are thieves
Keep It! See if people choose it. Let the STATES have their own programs/plans & and you can see how Obamacare stacks up. #MAGA
Obama was stealing money from Fannie Mae/Freddie Mac to cover subsidies. Embezzling $ is Obama/Dem way & is why it's failing not bc of Trump
Ya...sure.
You are out of your mind! My deductible used to be $100 but is now $8/$12,000. This has been bad for 3yrs due to OBAMA AND LIBS LIKE YOU!
How rich and predictable. The left never take responsibility.
Obamacare was failed from day one. Socialism doesn't work.
@TheDemocrats All Ways blame the @GOP for every mistake the #Dimms Make you Lie Kamala No Surprise
Laughable. Aren't they all still under Obamacare? Obamacare? Deplorable how much this has hurt Americans. Repeal now.
You're a liar and a cheater.
You're full of . Please do run for @POTUS . Landslide for @realDonaldTrump ! #MAGA 
You spread lies and Obama propaganda. My premiums soared as did my deductible under Obama. I essentially have NO ins. !!!
Do you know how ridiculous & desperate you  sound,  you friggen wackjob.
BS! A complete lie. @SlyterKristina @LauriHancock7 @DrCosmicCharlie @NWGreenApple @RealRoseTaylor @coratagge @RamBoPirate
They just can't stop, can they?
No, they can't. They are delusional, bitter fools. Not sure if it is entertaining or sad.
It's past entertaining, it's becoming rediculous.
And the award for Most  Stupid Tweet of The Day goes to @SenKamalaHarris  !!!
Get real..those premiums where already though the roof
I take offense to you 'black n white' response. #BLACK-INK-MATTERS!!!!
What a load of BE
Premiums have been rising for years since ACA inception.  Please stop lying
What was the reason for the increases before he was elected?
ACA is failing under its own socialist weight because of failed liberals like you @KamalaHarris
Always playing the race card... sad.
Sometimes I wonder if you are so stupid oh actually believe the crap you talk about

@AFLCIO Problem w/employer based insurance is that when 1 gets too sick to work, 1's whole family loses the very health insurance they need 
Only because the insurers failed to get behind the ACA.  The very special interests behind the bill.  The entire process is flawed.
He has done nothing with health care,, you all knew this was coming, you were warned,, blame obama, it's his baby
really??Hold OBAMA responsible to put u in such situation on the first place...dont blame Trump for it,remember 2500$ savings per family.LIE
Still peddling lies in attempt to gain support from people who can't do simple research or use common sense? Yeah, that's why Dims lost.
The only truth coming out of that statement is u are black & Trump is white. Keep up the anti American rhetoric it equals 4 more years
Prove it @SenKamalaHarris . You r all about making a name for yourself in the Dem Party with no regard to what's best for the people.
Are you serious? We are on to you and your lies. Printed material is not facts.
What was causing premiums to increase before Trump?
Obama was stealing real estate profits from Fannie and Bernie to fund his garbage health plan, or it would of fell apart the first year.
Please, don't you ever get tired of making crap up?  I mean really,,, time to act like an adult
Complete Nonsense

And Obamacare is pricing out the working class. You know nothing. Obamacare is hurting millions. AP is not a Bible. They get a lot wrong.
Kamala, this is not Los Angeles. You are a freshman in Congress. Grow up, get educated. 8 years of Democrat lies created it. Not Trump.
Whatever,  kamala harris is a stooge for the dems. Just no. Stay home Fobama n #Killary, merica ain't having no mo of yo bs.
ACA Architect: 'The Stupidity Of The American Voter' Led Us To Hide Obamacare's True Costs From The… via @forbes
Because he won't use taxpayer funds to bail out insurance companies suffering from Obama's idiotic plan.
don't pawn your demon Trump or @GOP those premiums were going up before Trump.. go after the Insurance companies & pharma, fraud LAW MAKERS
Madame, u proved ur effectiveness as a senator when you asked the "CIA" nominee global warming questions... you do know the CIA's function?
Dems voted in Obamacare is a failed debacle that can't be fixed.. blame yourselves and Obama/Jarrett or how about read a bill b4 u pass it
Well. You lie like a democrat. 
Congrats.
Your a complete as-hole and need help but people like you don't know what's right but you will you'll never be elected again watchMAGA
As a Senator, it's disingenuous to blame Trump for the failure of the ACA. Premiums were ski rocketing be4 Trump announced he was running.
If we didn't have crap ocare to begin with this wouldn't be happening. Your ass should have to deal with this disaster of a law too
Obamacare failed because young ppl didnt buy into it like the democrats expected them to. It's only chance was with the young people in it!
Because they had not already doubled and trippled in some places before he took office right?
If we lose our democrat seat in West VA it will be a travesty!!  Please help stop Joe from changing
actually. To set the record straight...premiums have been skyrocketing to 800% increase for some because of ocare.
Your issue is exactly that! U only see/think terms of BLACK&WHITE. America is back, YOU are not a part of it. This was your personal choice
Ummmmm--I call bullshit! I know what Obamacare has done to me! I pay the penalty--it's cheaper! Stop with your BS!
@SenKamalaHarris don't you miss Willie Brown. You're X drug Mayor boyfriend from San Francisco. He is the guy who got you in corrupt poltics

Are you mentally ill?
Such a lie Harris...look at the Obama term - START THERE. America's not fooled by your bs.
Are you aware of what's happening in Charleston?!
Why'd you leave out premiums are soaring as insurers are struggling with sicker than expected customers,disappointing enrollment,and taxes?
Please get help. You are delusional
No sweetie, that's all Ovomit's fault.
What a crap study. What about 20%, 30% or more annually for the past 7 years. Trump was around the. The LIAR Obama is to blame. Keep your Dr
Well let's see.  Someone could start proceedings for AMENDMENT45 article 4
Trump hasn't made any changes to Obamacare. Congress hasn't passed anything. You are seeing what Obama built.
??? Nothing was passed or changed you lying sack of liberal crap..black and white? Obama created a disaster, period
Do you think we don't know your lies?
premiums have risen considerably every year since ACA inception.  Where was your outrage last year?
Barry Obutthead and the clowns that voted for ACA caused premiums to rise, twatwaffle.
LYING WITCH & your constituents buy it!!
Ovomitcare is DEAD! Only RAMMING it through by reconciliation was the democrat worry. Read the bill to know whats in it. Now you pay for it!
Liar. Fake, one-sided, garbage journalism. You're a racist commie and fully exposed for your treachery.
The ones getting it for free has to pay boo hoo
Liar.
Mine doubled long before he got in office, Obamacare is paid for by the middle class and is still failing.
Shame on you liar
