President Trump's border wall could cost 3 times more than its estimates, according to Senate Democrats’ report http://nyti.ms/2o2x7s3 
Cool.  How much is CA planning to raise taxes and vehicle registration fees to replace funds it had--and put in the general fund?
Well, California spends several billion dollars a year on services and education for illegal immigrants every year. You do the math, babe
Undocumented immigrants pay taxes like everyone else.

Cut out the xenophobic lies.
If they pay taxes then guess what that means? They are stealing social security numbers. Nice try tho
Undocumented immigrants who make enough money to pay income taxes do so using Individual Taxpayer ID numbers: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Individual_Taxpayer_Identification_Number …
Do not perpetuate bigoted falsehoods.
As someone living in California dealing with  workers' comp you're wrong, sir. They steal SS numbers or make them up most of the time
And we will still save money by getting rid of the illegals that don't respect America or our laws.
Cheap at 2x the price. Illegals cost trillions, + countless loss of lives, w/ incalculable costs. Best case: each illegal family costs $700K
But he wants to cut the meals on wheels progam which i believe is under $10 MILLION a yr. Senseless @realDonaldTrump @maddow
No  cutting some state funds, Fed's do not directly fund meals on wheels!
Senator, I'm thinking voters are smarter than you gave them credit for. Did you REALLYYY think this would fly? Who paid YOU off? #SadAttempt
California deserves better than Sen. Harris...well, actually they don't.
Unlike @SenKamalaHarris we embrace capitalism, I want to buy bricks with my name on the wall for perpetuity! Hotels overlooking Mexico, etc
I'd stay at that hotel and I love the brick idea!
I would too!
Will be worth every penny! Even more si if the liberals are against it.
Those that fail at knowing exactly what she received is priceless. Doesn't give her anything but protection. Research please 
So we'll only save $29 billion in year 1 and $98.85 billion of tax payer $ every year thereafter?
How much does it costs to keep illegals?
And why must you keep doubling down on your complicity in the murder of Tony Bologna and family? Have you no shame whatsoever?
I rather have the wall than the useless $100 billion bullet train to nowhere. As my Senator I'm instructing you to focus on blocking train
@nytimes build the wall protect our citizens
The cost of illegal immigration and gang violence is what per year? In 2013, 113 billion per year illegal immigration, build the wall!
Right. These are the same people who claimed Obamacare would cut premiums by $2500 and the Arctic would be ice free by 2014.
You mean the Arctic with RECORD ice caps that nobody's talking about?Al Gores bank account is also at a record high! Seems they're connected
Just donate the 90 MILLION dollars of tax payers money you use to ILLEGALLY aide and abet Illegal aliens here in California
Thanks for the information Senator Kamela. Now since you represent me, I am instructing you to build the wall. Thanks again. #BuildThatWall
And how much are offsetting Benefits? See...this is why you politicians are so loathed. You only see HALF the equation. So sad... #resist
@nytimes no price for a human life saved
That is notning compared to us spending BILLIONS on ILLEGALS!!!!
OR ABOUT 140 MOABs TO BUILD & 100 TOMAHAWK MISSILES PER YEAR TO MAINTAIN.... #NOMOREWAR
Exactly what kind of structure (that does nothing but block), cost more than 2.5 times more to maintain than build. Some common core math.
You're excited too?
I was budgeting about 100-150
This is great news. 
Cheers!

Sen Dems report they are anti 
Worth every penny, though you can bet he'll be getting a better deal than you lousy Democrats would. Democrats overpay for everything.
Still cheaper then supporting illegal aliens
Are we trusting NYT to do math? That's just blind faith beating pattern recognition over the head and pushing it into the basement.
This is an outright lie. Preformed concrete and construction will cost nowhere near that amount.
money well spent
It only costs that much if idiot Democrats were in charge of building and maintaining it. Thankfully we've got a genius developer.
Finally my taxes will be put to good use instead of feeding, housing and cashflowing illegals....Oh and all the other worthless crap!
A fabulous savings compare to what we are paying for anchor babies! Murderers and cartel members! Your maintenance numbers are common core.
#Fakenews
"You can either have a welfare state or open borders. You choose both, so for transparency purposes, please provide that total cost as well"
As estimated by a Federal govt. that pays $495 for a $20 hammer, runs monopoly PO at a loss and wastes tax $ on shrimp treadmills.
Costs how much, annually, to deal with illegals?
Your estimate for the Wall would apply only if this was a democrat program, you know,like Obamacare!
Just shut up
In two years Ive seen four illegals fired. All were using stolen SS#. 
And three more rejected for same reason.

What do the illegals cost us a year?
Interesting that you would choose THIS report instead of the 7 other reports that show in will save America billions per year.  Why is that?
Since when you liberals care about the cost of something?
You're not voting for the wall. Got it.
I'll not vote for you next election. Get it?
CHOOSE ONE:
* Open borders
* Welfare state

The two are incompatible with each other. See California's current fiscal mess.
Illegal immigration costs taxpayers $113 billion a year: http://www.fairus.org/publications/the-fiscal-burden-of-illegal-immigration-on-united-states-taxpayers …
You do realize that it'll save us about 99,850,000,000 a year right?
So less than one year worth of aid to illegals and then 1.5% of that each year after? Sounds great
What ever it costs. Build it.
Of course Senate Democrats will inflate the cost.  Why would you even take the report seriously?
Awesome, lets start building. 
#BuildTheWall
You're quoting the times. Shouldnt do that if you want to be taken seriously.
We spend billions more on welfare to illegal aliens annually. I'd rather see $70bil or more go into building the wall. $150mil is peanuts!
Less than what it costs for Cali alone to accommodate illegals.
Money well spent!
I'll bet Republicans would donate a dollar every year toward the cause.
Az uzul, u 4got 2 menshn z savingz from not havin 2 akomodate ileglz. U wil fynd that mor than kompensates 4 z wall
TOTALLY BULLCRAP REPORT...ur foolish
$ well spent & should offer a lot of good jobs. You should support it! #MAGA
Even with your inflated BS numbers, that is less than 3 WEEKS of Owebama's BORROWING, every week, every year, for 8 years #loonyleft
Good deal! That is 1000 times cheaper than supporting law breaking illegals that don't want to do it the right way. Common sense move!
Thanks Kamala for these $$s.  So much cheaper than supporting all those who come here illegally.  You make the case for the wall.
Trump will get it done much cheaper and the annual savings of not having as many illegals draining our $$ will pay for it MANY TIMES OVER.
@nytimes CA spends north of $25 billion a year on illegals. American security or illegals? Which is more important? Dumb!
@nytimes We can use the planned parenthood money to maintain it :-)
Damn your ignorant....there is more than enough waste to fund this project. Quit pretending your not part of the problem.
We will same money in welfare and medical expense for illegals in California.  A small price to pay in the long run
Seems like a bargain!
If walls didn't help, why do we have locks on doors. Logic of left says. Criminals could get through locked doors so cost of locks are waste
Total BS!!!  And you point is???  The $150M a year is nothing compared to the waste that occurs in Calif... Trains to nowhere and such!
An enormous savings compared to JUST the health care and free education costs lost due to illegal invasion. And you know it.
CA spends 5 billion a year supporting illegal immigrants. #BuildTheWall
Illegal immigrants cost the country $120B per year. Border wall saves money.
It'll be way cheaper than what we spend on illegals. Support the wall or resign. You've been an embarrassment to our country
GREAT, when does construction start?
Or muders, drug lords and billions spent yearly on illegals! Support our Country & its people!
Damn Kamala, you are getting owned!   Nonsense tweet and yes every cent spent on the wall will be well worth it.
Even if these numbers were true, it would still pay for itself! Next argument please.....
You must consider that @nytimes is using #CommonCoreMath
Reduced illegal immigration is ALREADY paying for the Wall.
But you missed that.
Ma'am the American people will not listen to your ignorant rhetoric,we don't care what it cost a nation without a border is no NATION
Quoting  @NYTimes ??? We know that's exaggerated! and FAKE like everything else their tabloid news reports.

Still a good investment. How much $ do you and the rest of our gov't waste every day? You're all in this to line your own pockets. Not Trump
and illegal immigration costs 50 billion a yeat,do the math!
Pocket change to Americans. I will gladly pay my part. It will help our bottom line in school taxes, healthcare etc.
All of a sudden Dems are worried about 70 billion to secure our border but let's all forget the 9 trillion Obama added to the deficit.
We Spend At Least $18.6 Million Per Day to Incarcerate Illegal Aliens. According to the DHS in 2010. Obama numbers not Trump's
Illegal send $25B to Mexico each yr., they cost over $10B a yr here to educate, house & feed they givt programs, the wall is cheap!
Great let's get it built. Mexico will pay. I have no doubt
I don't care, build that wall. How much does it cost taxpayers to keep the ILLEGAL people here. Maryland alone it costs 1.4 Billion annually
rather have the wall build, the wall don't kill law abiding citizen or ask for welfare. Also build it around California.
Ok so let's get to building!
What do the illegals cost us each year? Besides our $$$ also our souls.
very cheap compared with cost of open borders.
114 Billion per yr 4 illegals from fed gov't alone, not counting all state/local & school property taxes cld be cut in half w/no illegals
It costs $64K 4 ea illegal entering US, 91% get food stamps/73%  Medicaid/68% cash/housing. What cld U'r family do w/$64K? 114B a yr
that's money well spent that will pay for itself over and over again, get over it!
Perfect. @POTUS continues to cut costs.
That's a bargain price considering the billions it costs the country to deal with illegal immigration.
What is wrong with the illegals applying to come to our country like they are supposed to do?  There is a right way to do it.
What about the $ spent on the way over budget failed high speed rail. Feinstein's husband got that contract 
@nytimes @nixonron illegal immigration costs tax payers 100 billion/year sooo.. Seems reasonable to me.
GET THIS STRAIGHT, SENATOR: The overwhelming majority of Americans want the wall built & immigration controlled. Get on board or out of way.
GOOD. I'll pay double my share.
Good to know you agree building a wall and that the only problem is cash. Don't worry, it will come from not spending $$ on illegal aliens.
If you only gave half as much thought to maintaining walls maybe that dam would be fixed by now
Compared to the billions of dollars we give to illegals sounds like a win-win to me
ILLEGALS cost tax payer's $118,000,000,000 a year so the wall is a damn bargin! #BuildTheWall #DeportThemAll 
How much money will YOU pay for the AMERICANS MURDERED BY ILLEGAL ALIENS???
Good more jobs!
geesh.$$ not safety4kids?!?
Sorry - Your source is the NYT  That's about as authentic and useful as a plastic chicken egg under a plastic duck. #MADDEMS Numpty.
At 1200 miles that's about $60 mil per mile. Is it made of gold? If not, I call BS on this. If you stand by this, you should be removed.
And will save us more than the 70 billion cost.   Illegals are a net drain to America.  Biggest jobs program ever deport more illegals.
@nytimes @nixonron that's still better than the annual cost of Illegal immigration at $130bil....duh.  It also creates jobs
What's your point? No price is too high for our security and our LEGAL citizens.
FAR cheaper than illegals Cost to USA, so what is your point? Sounds like a huge win for USA. But not for illegal voters so you're against?
How many billions are spent to maintain the ever increasing illegal aliens? Can you provide a figure?
a report!  go home another FAT lie!  even did be great deal!
2013 #California spent $25B on #IllegalAliens @SenKamalaHarris 4 yrs later, I'm certain it has gone up. They never paid that amt in taxes.
Democrats only care about the cost of things when it is not them spending the money.
Hey look at that we can build the wall and maintain it for 30+ years off the cost we spend for ONE YEAR on illegals In the USA.
Good. It costs about 100 Billion every year to support illegals in welfare, school costs, prison costs, hospital costs, police, court system
Well, Dems have to grasp at "some" excuse now that every single one they've clung to like Saran Wrap has crumbled. What a bunch of nimrods!
The estimated fiscal cost of unlawful immigrants is 54.5 Billion a YEAR.....easy math for me....
Worry about your State that is one of worst run in the country and going bankrupt!
cost of illegal immigration is 113 billion a year, this is savings. It's also Failing NYTimes & Loser Senate Dems putting out those numbers.
Get CALIFORNIA out of debt!
@nytimes "Senate Democrats report."  Well if the Democrats say it, it must be true.  Just like the Russia...oh wait.
70 billion... Riiiiight.
How do people like you get voted in? BIG PICTURE
Isn't it outrageous, then, to know that it will STILL save money?
CHEAP! Illegals cost hard working Americans much, much, much more...just so wealthy can have 'cheap' maids, nannies, mowers...
Where was that report please?  What agency has that info. We want to know.
How much is it to educate and take care of all the illegals?
Illegals cost America over $300 billion per year
Wall will cost $30 billion and crossing fees will maintain it
You lying POS leftist !!!
#fakenews
Better than $214billion a year for illegals, in fact it's a bargain, plus it was put many to work short & long term.  The wall is win-win
In 3yrs, CA ALONE will recoup that $. #roi
See your figures go back to school , and don't take accounting
Small cost compared to the free b
awesome, when can we start building!!!
Best use of tax dollars ever!
And how much money does a 75% reduction in illegal aliens save since they won't be taxing our system?  Hmm? Why isnt that important to you?
and illegals cost us 113 BILLION A YEAR! You do the math lady!
