Defaulting on cost-sharing subsidies will drive up costs for families and will increase the deficit.
isn't it also a violation of his duties of the constitution? it's one thing to not focus on a law but to say he intentionally is harming it?
And since the Supreme Court validated the ACA it should be illegal for #45 to do this.  Shameful, indeed.
Are you aware 40 million don't currently have healthcare or can no longer afford it? Ignorant or blatant liar, @KamalaHarris? Which is it?
I voted for and Support you, Senator, but I would really like to see less complaining and more doing.
Less "We must..."s & more "We are..."
Doing what you clown?
POTUS is ruling you know.... or don't you?
Dems don’t recognize leadership.   Obama the lying fraud and hillary the criminal is all they know
Lock up those perverts!
Idiot
U.S. Constitution, Article 2, Section 3. "he shall take care that the laws be faithfully executed" another violation of His Oath of Office
Yeah, remember that fellow with his cell phone in his pen in hand?

You Dems loved executive orders and then! What's good for the goose...
200 days in office, Trump signed more than O averaged in a year. And Trump complained then.
Yes he did complain, then he entered the office and found out that the Rino GOP would not support him. Good for the goose good for gander.
and let me guess you complained when it was O but your AOK with Trump 269 days in office 50 Exec Orders and no real legislation
News flash, Obama had control of both houses of Congress, didn't help blacks and inner cities, didn't address global warming, just EOS!
#impeach45withcohen
@SenJohnMcCain said you all have great insurance , so give the american people THAT!
“Stupid?”   “Stupid!”  Is that your best adjective?   Criminal, insane, sadistic, cruel, vicious!  CALL IT OUT ffs!
Back away from twitter Sharon - Your hate is blinding you. Trump is following the law.
HaHa
You presume Trump backers have intelligence and morals
Speaking of uneducated fools- it’s obvious YOU don’t realize Obama violated the Constitution- Trump is restoring it.
THE CONSTITUTION.  Sorry if you’re mad , your feelings are hurt, or you need a safe but figure out your life without violating laws. 
I guess there's a West Coast #trailerparkcaucus. . .
100 followers?  Junior troll status. Congrats 
It’s not the presidents job to pay these payments. It’s against the law. He doesn’t have “power of the purse”.
But, he does have the power to "clarify the law." Forcing citizens to buy a product or service is unconstitutional, immoral, & unethical.
Yup. Let’s have health care just for ME. Why should insurance have risk pools? why should we have to have car insurance ? You tell me.
Just kidding.
Obamacare is a sham and ur attempts at trying to save it and prop it up will be demented when CA goes blue ... 2022
I call it treason. He's deliberately undermining the law of the land. Whatever happened to the oath he swore in January.
Wow.. you’ve no idea what you’re talking about. Obama did NOT have the authority to give $ to insurance companies. Trump following THE LAW
Trump is making it affordable for citizens while ur concerned with making it affordable for illegals
Wha wha wha.   The crappy ACA is garbage
Individual insurance prices are unaffordable across the country because of the Affordable Care Act you loon.
bud, any time you're ready: 25th Amendment.
Trump's a sociopath and doesn't care who he hurts His ACA & Iran decisions r more motivated by the fact that he feels politically castrated
With all due respect please do something
That "something" may have to be #medicare4all
What are you doing to stop him?
It’s criminal. Trump’s ripping healthcare out of patients hands, telling them they don’t matter, that only his vendetta against Obama does.
It’s no longer the Affordable Care Act it’s “Trumpcare” the  “Unforgivable Unaffordable No Care Act”!
Oh bless your heart; thanks for the advice.
Of course, we're taking it back to a time of capitalism. We are $20,000,000,000,000 in debt. We use to be leaders in manuf., Math, science..
Not healthy for middle class. As soon as we get competitive tax rates. I assume you don't buy Apple products?
Obamacare was broken before it was ever even implemented and for dems to not recognize THAT is shameful.
The ACA is America’s group health plan. Peel away the stigma and negativity and promote easy access for all those not in a group health plan
The unaffordable act was already broken. You lack the intelligence to understand this fact.
YOU JUST WANNA GIVE YOUR CONSTITUENTS FREE HEALTH CARD AT MY EXPENSE. REDISTRIBUTION OF WEALTH IS NOT THE AMERICSN WAY!! NOT SORRY
Then do your job and actually pass legislation.
I'm concerned about my MediCal coverage!
You r stupid
you are so opinionated, Senator, right from the Far Left talking points. The ACA needs to be unraveled or repealed; it is imploding!
Like it isn't broken now.
The DEMS don't care about the constitution just themselves
No what is stupid is my $7000 deductable before I see doctor but still pay premium to subsidized insurance company wake up u r bring used
You are either stupid or ignorant, I’m guessing both!!
So now you want Trump to ignore federal court? But not with travel ban or any other point? You are a lawmaker, u need to know constitution.
You're kidding right? It broke itself.
Do you know that subsidies to insurance companies are not legal?  Your legal “background” is not serving you well...
Kamala Harris if anything is shameful it's you for your stupidity thinking ACA is good when no one can afford it!
How are you in any kind of power?
Ms Harris, you took an oath to defend the constitution, not urge the president to break it and advocate violation of constitution. Shameless
Considering there's only a handful of insurers left, shouldn't be much of a challenge.
You failed to fix health insurance. Who is stupid?
Irony alert...irony alert. What the he'll do you think Obama care did. Kamala 2020..please.
I personally feel it's treason or treasonous for President purposefully kill legislation. Definitely an impeachable offense. 
#UnfitToServe
What’s shameful is the unethical manner in which it was passed. Lies after lies.
But not knowing whats in it till we pass it isnt or shoving it down our throat. You ppl are pathetically ignorant. Hypocrite
Kind of like how yo jackasses shoves it down our throats? Weird how that works...
If you have to Force people to buy it, and subsidize the sellers to keep it afloat, it was Bad Business, and Poor law to begin with.
I sympathize over the fact that cutting the illegal terabuck insurance kickbacks will require _you_ to live on your salary.

#Harrington2024
You, my dear, are what is shameful!
Then stop him. (Bet you can't.)
You need to check your constitutional facts, hypocrite.  Obama giving insurance company's money, after turned down by Congress was unconstitutional.  Tired of loud mouth liberals
The courts said the subsidies are unconstitutional. What don't you understand about that?
Petty name calling will have people calling you petty names in droves. Wonder how far I have to scroll until someone calls you stupid? 
As Judge Judy says " God gave us 2 ears & 1 mouth" so LISTEN. The ACA was broken the day it was signed into law. Dems lies, U.S. cries
The subsidies are 'UNCONSTITUTIONAL". Defaulting is not a correct term neither is "collusion" but you lefties lie about it anyway.
Politicians rarely use the word "stupid", as it reflects their education level.
And undeliberately falling apart now is any better?  Why dont all of you get put on it.  Maybe youll fix it then?
Really? The way you said "is stupid" sounds a lot like the way my 13 year old would say it...
First, it wasn't legal, second, it wasn't affordable! People will remember you trying to bring down this country!
The subsidies were an illegal theft of funds from Fannie and Freddie. Stopping them was proper and legal, the right thing to do.
You are supposed to be the very PEOPLE who UPHOLD the laws of AMERICA, not violate them. You took an OATH! CONGRESS HAS NO INTEGRITY!
Obama Care so awesome... you are exempted from it..
WHY does Congress feel that ILLEGAL is OK? U support ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION, & now ILLEGAL SUBSIDIES. TIME FOR law makers who RESPECT the LAW!
Well then.... try to work with and not against to make it better. Stop fighting and make a difference!!!
Kamala slept her way to the top
Wrong. Democrats’ #Obamacare was harming the mddle class long before #Trump took office.
Stupid and reckless!
The payments are illegal.
People seem to forget it was already broken long before Trump was elected.
The ACA made my bill nearly double. Only to see illegals get free healthcare. Trade off over the back of the workforce. Dems, moneygrabbers.
Time to do something instead of talking about it. Do u plan on distinguishing yourself in any way? Right now ur just another idle Senator
Subsidies were ruled illegal in court.  That and your party needs to own this failure of a program
He's killing us. He's slowly killing us.
Following the constitution and the law is stupid?  This may be why the dems are having trouble keeping seats let alone winning new ones.
Passing the Obama Act in the first place was more of the definition of stupid
Affordable?? What healthcare coverage do you have?
If it was so good why did sanders when running claim he would fix it.   Why did Obama have to keep fixing it with EOs. Sorry it came broken
The ACA was in a tailspin. Obama created EO's to try and prop it up. Trump is undoing the EO's. It was bad and needs to implode.
Attacking totalitarianism and implementing more freedom & responsibility is never shameful or stupid, but logical.
Are you saying that Trump should be in contempt of a federal court order saying that subsidies are unconstitutional? Subsidies are your job
Seeing how it isn't all that affordable, break away!!!
I'm retired my insurance has gone on up 86% in two years thanks to this Godawful Obamacare legislation you Dems crammed down our throats.
Easy to sit back and criticize how about a solution?
The court ruled against you.
Trump followed the law.
Breaking the law is what Dems do.
You are so out-of-touch with everything in DC! Get in the know, or get out!
Thank God we are getting rid of the shit show called Obamacare. I don’t believe in paying for those that can’t afford anything
I like how she condemns Trump putting down illegal legislation when she was hired to put it down too!
You will never be President
Wanna pay my premiums, pumpkin? 
Screw Obamacare.
How can u be in congress & not understand that congress must appropriate all what Obama did was illegal, again. It’s your job to fix.
I don't have health insurance anymore and won't until next month b/C of ACA, Shut the Fuck up.
That is a poorly written tweet
You do realize that the courts ruled these payments illegal right? Oh yeah, you're a politician...
Lying again. Federal Court ruled these payments illegal.

Why did Dems deliberately design it so a future President could break it?
He is so smart! We the people can get our health care back! So are you one of the Senators getting more rich because of #obamacare #leach
It has been broken since the beginning!
In fact, Intelligent people might even say this is the first step in fixing it!
Let's pay $1000/mo+ for premiums,have a $6k+ deductible,and then,have 2 pay full price for a Dr. visit/X-ray?Yeah,GREAT PHUCKING PLAN #dems!
It's affordable for no one. You are a political hack.
It was designed to fail. Your parties step toward single payer. Get some people hooked on "free healthcare" & go for more. No thanks.
#ACA should've NEVER existed.The hard working middle class has to subsidize HC for everyone else?Gtfo. High premiums/deds.What point of ins?
Do you & the rest of Congress have Obamacare?
I found out that my Deductible will be 6,850.00 and raised 1,850.00 and the Blame for this mess is on @SenateDems not on @POTUS
Are you kidding???
This is the best thing ever!
Those subsidies were illegal executive overreach. Congress needs to fix OCare shortcomings.
We know who the stupid one is here, Kamala. Learn the Constitution, and the law. Hint: you should already know both.
Still can’t get over November 9, 2016... can you?
Sure, the foundation is flawed and will eventually collapse tragically, but let's add a few more floors!  And put in a pool!
Oh
We don’t all have do everything the same way. Just simply repeal the ACA and let each State do as they wish. There is NO national consensus.
Dems wrote and passed ACA. Their poorly written law hurts the middle class and they refuse to fix it. One reason HRC lost w/working ppl
If someone dies because of this, can he be charged with murder? Or manslaughter?
I guess to a democrat  following the law is stupid
0-care was a scam from day one that continues to harm American Families. If you studied law, you'd know much is illegal

Obamacare is a disaster forced on the American people by @TheDemocrats. Trump is trying to help Americans, you are not. Dems are failures.
It’s your man that “broke” the law regarding the ACA
No - he's just adhering to the Constitution - unlike traitor Obama.

well we dont expect a communist like you 2 like it
Shoving it down our throats in the first place was shameful and un-American. But no surprise, you and dems in general hate America.
Another non productive member of congress that is only good at complaining
The law was working so well with skyrocketing premiums and deductibles, right? Were the people who wrote it liars or just complete morons?
Medicine isn't a social construct. I don't need to pay for your care, you do!
We should be reporting you to the bar for willful ignorance of basic Constitutional law.
Deliberately violating the Constitution in any way is shameful. The way Obama and the Democrats did it is also stupid. #fixedyourtweet
Oh and if you can't do your job and stop blaming others for your shortcomings, resign and let someone do it. Other then that shut up.
Yes, taking away billions from insurance companies and allowing average Americans to shop across state lines is shameful, SHAMEFUL! SHAME!!!
You do know congress sued the Obama administration over the subsidies & won in court. @POTUS can't allocate funds only congress. Do ur job.
Oh sweetie...what part of the FEDERAL COURT RULING against the subsidies did you NOT understand????
Whats shameful and stupid is forcing us to stay on this terrible health plan! Obamacare was self destructing on it's own

Tell that to the millions who have seen there forced premiums skyrocket!
They never said it didn't need 2 be fixed. Trump is sabotaging it. At the risk of family & friends' lives.
And you can say this because we pay for your excellent insurance, not to mention most states now have one provider.  Are you that stupid?
You need to take basic Civics. That subsidy is illegal.
deliberate- like a sanctuary city or deliberate as in giving a rogue state like Iran $1.7 billion dollars in the dead of night?
No lady , forcing people to have crap health care at unaffordable prices by stupid Dems was STUPID!
The ACA deliberately broke the ACA.  Go buy a clue!
The only reason you are upset about this is that it pays for your healthcare and gives you kickbacks. Doesn't help Americans.
You are what is wrong in this Country today. You are racist vile unpatriotic and corrupt. And care nothing about America
The Hill can appropriate funds not President by the constitution.The subsidies help insurance companies not people.
YEAH BUT... SO ARE YOU... SO YOU GUYS ARE EVEN STEVEN !!  HOWS THAT ??
You're okay with distribution of wealth from young poor healthy people trying to build a life to old rich sick people that should've saved? We will just be in the same situation in 30 years
The way it was passed was stupid! Who the f... you are calling stupid? Obama lied all you Dems lied. All that it has done is us pay high$$
Deliberately smashing people’s healthcare - let’s discuss it in people terms
Did you learn that big, fancy word "stupid" in law school? What a brilliant mind you have! When saying that big word look in the mirror.
The UN-affordable health care act raised my rates from $425/month to $1643 month.... drained my bank account for something I HAD to have
Many millions who already had insurance were priced out when premiums & deductibles doubled & tripled. Wealth redistribution is theft.
Please please run in 2020! We need a fresh of breath air @KamalaHarris
So you’re ok breaking a court ruling and an unconstitutional act as long as it makes your job easy? Get off your ass, quit botching n fix
Time to start calling it #TrumpCare now that it's been altered. He changed it so he owns it. In 2018 and 2020, voters need to be reminded.
-deliberately following Court decision that OBAMA broke the law to fund $7B Not  appropriated by Congess - POTUS acted.
So WHY isn't congress on ACA if it's SO GOOD FOR THE PEOPLE???? Yeah, answer THAT Kamala!!!!!
New Flash K. It was Designed to fail, just like EVERYTHING the DNC passes. More Control, LESS Give a Damn from the left.
So, we should break any law we don't agree with? Trump is returning us to rule of law and leftists like you are melting down. ACA was broke.
Obamacare was stupid to start with! In 2 years of control, Obamacare was it! Why doesn’t congress have Obamacare if it’s so great?
perhaps it's time to try a new approach to the right. It's called compromise. Give a little get a little. Try it, it works!
What's shameful is shoving this tyrannical bill up r ass in middle of night with not 1 gop vote.Gotta pass it so we can know what's in it
Kamala, u r shameful, look #dem we r a nation of laws, leftist communists don't get to re write them.
Keeping Obama Care is shamefull 2 the American people who can't afford 2 pay high premiums. Get a clue the people deserve better health Care
Didn't a federal court rule that the subsidies are not legal? Perhaps you should take up your complaint with that federal court instead.
I guess stupid works then , get off our backs liberals!
