GO KAMALA!!!
There in spirit.
@SenKamalaHarris It was great to see you at UCLA Medical Center, fighting for healthcare for all!
#Harris2020
Why don't we have a rally to get the government out of healthcare completely. Can't do that, where would Kamala get her reelection money?
@jomareewade 
"h""e""a""l""t""h" "c""a""r""e"

I like to call it Donald Trump care but that's to long so I just call it Don.T. Care.
Apt! I love it!
Im in DC..PLEASE set something up for when you guys come back!! You have my support!!!
Ugh! Just saw this and it was 12 hours ago!
#Freemarkethealthcare 
#Repealdontreplace
I'll be there. Thanks for being strong even when the old men are trying to silence you as you speak. Greed will not win.
Thank you for your continued hard work!
DM U are the modern incarnation of all the powerful Hindu Deities, Devis. Hari Om!
WISH I COULD,BUT I'M IN FLORIDA
#Resist #Trumpcare 
@EzraBridger2017 #GOPHealthcareIsMurder #Wealthcare We must fight to #ProtectOurCare #SaveAmericanLives #SaveCare #SaveACA
I'm bringing my mom & friends Healthcare is a right not a privilege want a healthy society where every day people shouldn't fear getting ill
Join the in impeachment march nationwide July 2
Senator Harris it is a WEALTH CARE BILL.
The bill is not finished yet! Review the details, send ideas to make it better like Ur Senetors??? Once passed and if it is still bad, rally
Here you go @b_ofrights ! 
The communists?Do you represent all californians or just
I'm gonna be there!
Wish I could. Right coaster
This is fine, but will u do something of substance? Will u invoke Senate Rule 14 when it gets proposed? Will you then invoke Senate Rule 22?
INACTION amidst Trump's delusional dictatorship is NOT the answer. Unite & fight to protect the vulnerable, oppressed, aged, disabled & poor
Harbor-UCLA has been providing healthcare for women for 50 years. It's a vital part of the community.
And why don't you have a rally to do something constructive...like your farewell from political life!
Why don't you have a #MedicareForAll rally?
Interruptions during the hearings were cringe worthy.

I might actually come.
Keep fighting the fight Senator almost makes me want to move to CA fro Jersey although my guys are GOOD! #womanpower
People, turn this into a #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer rally, & let the CA Corporate Dem who killed it know he'll/they'll  pay for that move.
Let's not forget about the voter suppression efforts going on, from the WH, and what the House of Representatives did in appropriations.
You going to parascope it
Hope America'll grow 1 day to choose some kind of universal health care, the simplest, least expensive & only moral healthcare solution..! 
If I still lived in CA I would be there.
Wish I could be there
Thanks Kamala I'll see what my schedule looks like
"So that's a no?"
Event page https://www.facebook.com/events/1389124424468664/?ti=as …
How about #SinglePayer?
Stop health care NOW!!!!
Hot Damn!  That's my bad ass Senator! I've got your back, and I know you've got mine - I watch CSPAN. I'm in, Give 'em hell!!
Kamala, it was a pleasure shaking  your hand and showing you my support in the Democratic office in Santa, Barbara!I know you're our warrior
http://www.newsbusters.org/blogs/nb/melissa-mullins/2017/06/30/female-democrat-senators-brush-female-scholars-against-islamism … Shame on you #KROOKEDKAMALA
Monday I'm having a medical procedure done that I won't be able to afford if the @GOP, @realDonaldTrump, and @SenateMajLdr get their way.
or is it Tuesday?http://observer.com/2015/03/california-prosecutor-falsifies-transcript-of-confession/ … #KROOKEDKAMALA
Hi I'm a home care giver @HomeCaregivers1 and in live to support taking health care away from poor and sick people.
I wish I lived in CA! I'd be there in a heartbeat. Signed, Stuck in Texas
#ImNOTYourTrumpcareTaxCut
Wish I wasn't working, or I'd be there with bells on!
Helping out at Rep. Schiff's Office, but I'll retweet this as much as humanly possible, Senator!

Kamala Kamala Kamala!!  Sorry, just like saying it!!  <3

Not your constituent. Love your gutso and smarts! Are you supporting single Payer Not For Profit Option?
"No-health bill." "Massive giveaway to the wealthy bill." "Stupid bill." All more accurate than 'health care bill.'
Ooh boy @PodSaveAmerica Yes!

Oh kamala. I wish I lived there. I support you. If you need any help I will move.
I am going to go to this! : )
Why would you oppose efforts to prevent the collapse of Obamacare? You're obstruction will lead to millions losing their health care.
Save you're time it's going to pass. BAHAHAHA  #MAGA
Is there anything going in the Sacramento area?
Sounds great! I wish I lived in CA!
Thanks for the tip! There's a group that will be flyering!
There in spirit from Orlando!
WOW the GOP who gets their Health Insurance from tax payers are the same ones who are trying to prevent tax payers from getting insurance.
Sounds like a plan @senatorKamalaHarris
She is trying to help, but your so called president and his lying minions are making it very hard.
I'll bring my Trump hat!
You pay my airfare and I am so there. Hahaha
There with you in Spirit from Colorado
My daughter went to UCLA!  You will have quite the support!! Good luck! Put on periscope. Those students will make it live !!
Please video and post.
Jon, bcoz your nurse might look illegal to you. Most of the nurses in the southbay are immigrants
You are awesome!
I wanna go :/
Hopefully Jon you dont end up in a hospital near HUCLA or HUCLA and you quickly tell the person walking into ur room he/she s illegal.
I'll be there!
Shoot,wish I could be there.I'm in Seattle though.Thx for all you're doing. Loved you at the Sessions hearing.They had no right to silence u
Will be there.
What will marching at UCLA do? Nothing! We need to march on D.C. and shut down the GOP regime.
I'm going to do plenty I'm going to start by showing up from Orange County with my entire Posse.....
انا لا افهم رعايه الصحيه هل قانون مجحف
Yes!
I wanna be there with you also!
Awesome!! Any events in the Bay Area over the recess?
To be honest @SenKamalaHarris I join you to the moon, if asked.
Good, tell them to repeal it,  that will stop it
You're making a difference Senator Harris! Keep up the great work! America still has hope because of politicians LIKE YOU WHO CARE
Wish I could....
Better yet..co-sponsor #MedicareForAll !
Hi  live  in New York  port Washington
I'm getting a haircut.
Hi lefty
Why not find a way to fix it. Hate does nothing. Your a Senator act accordingly. Do something inspiring and help with crisis we all face. 
Republicans are the ones in the majority now.  Talk to them!
While we cannot be there in person, we will certainly be there in spirit. Thank you for all that you do for the United States of America!
Will be there in spirit 
Can you also work on legalizing cannabis while you're at it?  Please?
Count me in!!
you really are the bomb! I hope to be there!
I wish I could be there.
