For the same job?

This means nothing. There are more white people; naturally more white people get benefits. What % of each race gets benefits?
And don't say "send kids to better schools" - they don't have the money because they make less than their white counterparts.
This is why the right is in favor of school vouchers. I don't understand why the left is so adamantly against giving ALL children a chance.
Actually learning quite a bit in this little thread of comments. I'm just slightly left of center in my views, so I tend to see both sides.
I see both sides, too, and agree with the more logical one.
@Jugbo just wondering why we are singling out black women & not all women
Because Dems ar e and have nothing without dividing people up into tribes to exploit. That's why.
lol ya cuz the Dems are the divisive ones lol. Remind me again which party every hate group supports again. Lol smh
Remind me again who shows up in masks and molotov cocktails to start violence? It ain't the Tea Party, babe!
its always Dems fighting for equal rights & the GOP trying to take them away.
Kamala Harris, a black woman, makes $160,000 a year, worth over 2 mil, is that equal? Shouldn't she be sending you or I money?
No, you should get a better paying job. Perhaps become a lawyer.
But that's not fair. Shouldn't government provide equal outcomes? U sound like a heartless conservative.
Latinas too
Actually, Latinas make, on average 53 cents to the dollar of a white man, for the same work.
No. Just no. Not the same work. That's the myth of this whole conversation. Average of all combined occupations more than 35 hrs/wk.
Jesus wept. The wage gap is real. Stop arguing, close ur mouth, cross ur legs, hands on lap & learn something.
Yep. Averages. Like I said. Read it many times, but still uses Bureau of Labor statistics numbers across all occupations. Fun with #'s.
If you're getting paid less than white man doing the exact same job/hours/experience/production, sue. Any lawyer will take that. Get paid!
My mother won one of those suits back in the late 70's. She got paid and promoted. They're afraid not to pay now.
...and my grandmother was a black panther, and her husband was an Indian sailor from Jamaica  again...
U haven't stepped down yet?
on average, more white men go to college than blk women even though blk women usually go for free.  Get out of ur own way!
so your lord and savior #Nobama fell a little short huh? I'm shocked!
Social worker won't make as much as nurse regardless of what race/sex is involved. Colleges should stop pushing degrees that dont make $$.
ENOUGH OF THE RACE CARD BS YOU HAVE WORE IT OUT TIME TO RETIRE IT
If only we had a black Democrat President the past 8 yrs that could've fixed this.
If only
Complete falsehood. That is a blanket statement that only a lib fool would make. U didn't break anything down job for job. Qualifications?
Too bad your boy #Obama didn't do something about that for the last 8 years! Fear not #Trump will take care of your #homegirls #MAGA

Lmaooop
1) Why didn't Obama do something about it?  
2)  Why is it OK for for white men to make more money than white, brown, yellow women?
They picked jobs that pay better? You can't make nurse money on a social worker education.
Are you saying President Obama was paid less than President Bush?
What does this even mean? "Relative" I'm guessing it means white men on the whole have better jobs than Black women.
YOU have no idea what you're talking about, and sorry for you that you think your constituents are too stupid to know better. #Shameful
Unless they're doing the same work for the same amount of time, the point is irrelevant.
Well of course they're going to make less money. On average the birthrate of women having babies is 100% greater then men!
Obama had 8 years to fix that. What happenned?
This is just untrue.  This has been disproven multiple times very easily.  It has to do with job choice, time off, and different choices.
Shhh don't bring logic and facts to this
Liberals don't deal in common sense and facts. It only confuses them and then they default to calls big you a racist.
And why is that? Education? Experience? Grit? Drive? Or is it race? Here's a hunt it's not race!
entitled mindset's is the problem
Dems need to realize the women of color are their best voters and should do more to help them into political positions. We need diversity
Black women voted for Democrats for years how did that work out look at inter city
Where is this documented? Where is this data? Are you sure this is an honest statement? all factors considered? It seems fake.
Ask @elizabethforma why she doesn't pay her women the same then.!!
Why don't you ask Sen. Warren that question instead of Sen. Harris?
Have been but she hasn't given any answers. Damm hypocrisy
BAM!  Ask a smartass ? get an honest answer...liberals hate honesty and reality, it deflects from their blinder view of the world...
Republicans only like white
Troll alert.. troll alert. Troll alert 
With 3 whole followers and no pic...pathetic...
Must suck to live for followers
I work HARD! Paid the Black tax at every law firm and non-profit which I have worked. How do we change this?
Move to CA and run for public office
If it's the exact same job, wages should be equal.  If the man is an Engineer, and the woman flips hamburgers, come on now....
So Obama didn't do enough in 8 years...we've been saying that for years
Should have gone to school.
happy about equal pay for equal work. Keep this up and you won't get the 2020 nomination.  #Conservatives4Kamala2020
What about CALIFORNIA? What about your district? What are YOU doing about equal wages? Blaming? Making excuses? Just like Maxine & Hillary!
What about Maxine Waters and Nancy Pelosi? What did THEY do to help with equal wages? Stop trying to blame POTUS & ask your own party! :)
Why didn't The Obamas do anything about this important issue? They had eight years? I guess school lunches were more important.#LOSINGDAILY
Look no further than obama and the DNC for keeping it that way!
How many times does this pathetic arguement need debunked. It's like the russia thing...just keep saying it. Lies lies lies
yea, right....whatever you say.  Now go take your nap, your getting old.
You, on the other hand, made your fame and fortune by laying on your back and opening wide!!!
I want equal pay to female counterparts as well.  There is a disproportion among women doing same job!! Let's make it fair across the board!
This is a hate crime.
And YOU want to run for President?  You are a racist, elietist, and a race baiter. Not going to happen! YOU ARE NOT GOING TO BE PRES!
And I only make $0.2 for every $1 a doctor makes... what do you... like.. you're just stupid
I'm sure this will fire up your base, as most misinformation does, but it doesn't change the fact that it's misinformation.
So no one is enforcing the Equal Pay Act of 1963?
Black men need to step up and be present for their WIVES and kids. 72% of black kids in single parent homes. 45% blk kids in poverty.
Oh my God. Let's incite more violence against the bad white men.

#MAGA
Not for the same job, of course. In other news, higher paying jobs pay higher
Obama totally failed his people over 8 years black women pay!  #fakenews  proves companies would only hire black women.
too bad the big O didn't bother with that eh?
I am a rural white male with a masters degree earning $9 an hour. Your move.
I'm gonna start a business and only hire black women and make millions because I can pay them almost half what I could pay white man. Genius
you can thank your buddy Obama for that, he had 8 years to fix the problem!
not all women get ahead on their backs
Obama did nothing in 8 yrs to help the black community.. Thanks for confirming it!
Did your future donors over in the Hamptons give you this ridiculous stat?
Could you provide a link to a study that corroborates this asinine statement?
Because some of them are down right nasty.
bs stat
What a filthy liar/mistress.
And what did Obama do about this during his 8 year term?

After 8 years of Obama, that's just one more thing he & the Dems ignored? You only cry about these bogus claims when you can blame others.
So we all make the same exact pay?
Get a sex change as your party encourages people to do and a job which your party doesn't encourage and problem solved.
Your the problem. Do something about it, Senator. You accomplishments are zero. All you do is obstruct. Trump pays black women fairly.
Gee, didn't obozo fix that for you?
Oh wait, that's right, he paid his female staffers substantially less too & got called out on it
Of course this doesn't apply to white people, we caused all problems EVER. Why didn't your savior @BarackObama  change this in his 8yrs?
not just black women but white women as well. It's not about skin color it's about gender
And why is that?
Instead of complaining about why people with one shade of skin do better than another, why not explore the reasons unrelated to skin color?
This is a bullshit metric. ONLY compare identical jobs & identical experience. But hey, keep pushing false agenda!
Then why is 'public servant' Maxine Waters worth over 4 million $? How does that happen?
Race-baiting, disingenuous politicians should lose their jobs immediately.
Unless they're in Congress, then they are WOEFULLY OVER-PAID!
Gosh, if only we'd had a black POTUS the last 8 years....
Men do almost all the most dangerous jobs, which for obvious reasons, pay very well, but also can cost you your life. Is that average?
.@SenKamalaHarris Mmmm. My my my. How could Obama do such a thing for 8 years? Good thing that guy's gone.
Unless you compare those doing SAME  job/SAME hours worked, this is a pointless comment made for totally racist purposes.
Now you get to learn the fallacy of arguing from averages when applied to individuals who aren't average. And nobody is.
Enough of this bullshit please
So what did YOU do the past 8 years? Or is this virtue signaling?
On average, yes, but does a black female gynecologist make 37% less than an equally experienced white male one?
can't they just switch genders & get a raise?
great, so start a successful business and employ only highly paid black women
#putyourmoneywhereyourmouthis
Just think of what a Democratic Black President who had Dems control Congress could have gotten done for Equality.
Why didn't 0bama care? He's black, no?
Oh lets definitely take a look at root causes behind this.
If this were true then companies would hire only black women and save millions of dollars soo, youre lying.
Sorry Senator but this is one time that bringing race into the conversation doesn't cut it. It's not just Black Women it's all women
One wonders why every corporation doesn't just hire black females exclusively. Think of the money they'll save!!! #stupidstat
Yes. White men are evil. You should expel all white men from your party.
So you admit that Obama failed again  Also, racebaiter Kamala Harris, the womens color DOESN'T MATTER!
Our first black president, Obama, was terrible on this. I mean, the guy had 8 yrs to do something about it, but as you point out... nothing.
~ Looks like you'll have to quit your "RACIST" rants. 

FACT: White makes more because Democs keep blacks poor.
& @thedemocrats First, the party of science. Now, the party of math. #FAIL
You forgot to use the phrase "equal work" in this tweet.
Union contracts should not allow such inequality.
Equal pay for equal job makes sense. Equal pay because "I'm black and that guy makes more," makes no sense.
Black women in this country make only 63 cents relative to every dollar YOU make too.
And less than black men. Why did u fail 2 mention that?
Have the Dems done anything about this in the past 8 years?
Obama created that.
Education + hard work + never quit attitude - kids out of wedlock = successful life. Source: every successful person.....
Do you not understand how averages work?
I believe in equality in women's pay. Absolutely. I'm all in. However, somebody needs to take a look into what Black males are paid.
How does this compare job to job? Show that data
BTW there's this lovely law called the Equal Pay Act of 1963 that prevents discrimination in wages based on race or gender.
lies again! averages, median not for the exact same job.
Well hopefully Trump can fix what Obama has apparenlty failed to fix.
Are we controlling for field, job level, experience, maternity leave, hours worked, or are you just spreading BS debunked by Labor Dept?
Obama didn't fix it. 
You're obviously a progressive SHE- use your liberal powers and identify as a white male! #Winning
we should elect a Black President and let him serve for say 8 years to solve this no?
You're paid what  you're worth

Thanks Obama
Obama was in charge the last 8 years.
Why does he hate black women so much
Well it offsets the fact that most black women aren't qualified for the job.
That's horrible, now of course I'm assuming ur including comparative age education, experience& same job field. otherwise that be misleading
Way to boil down a complex statistic into a juicy scoop line. How much do you make Kamala? What r u doing to help solve this?
This is misleading. I'm sure there's gap, but what is the difference in like for like jobs?  The change has to start w/ education.
Now compare with Asians. Then compare with Jews.

#StopWhiningAndGetToWork
Hey Kamala - play your tune differently, quit race baiting by blaming WHITE MEN...focus on BLACK MEN  being providers for their family
And what have dems done to promote FAMILY in black community where 70% kids born out of wedlock? NOTHING but blame white man.  Sick.
OH yay. More race baiting.
The first, logical, and correct interpretation of this is that white men work different jobs and work more.

But you already know that.
Equal pay for equal work! Strap-In!
Democrats are doing a fantastic job for blacks.  Keep up the great work!
Blacks have much lower average IQs than whites. It's biological.
I bet the median number is way worse
I don't make as much as you, fork some $$$ over
Absolute proven horseshit.
Earn. Not paid. They earn less because they work less and in lower paying jobs. It's already illegal to pay women less, Senator.
Wow there ought to be a law forbidding this
Lmao, you probably really believe that too. #FakeNews #ManipulatedData
Conked hair @AnthonyCumiaxyz
WOULD ONE OF YOU BRAVE WOMENS OF COLOREDS PLEASE SITE A SOURCE
Dang, if only we would have had a Black President in office for the past 8 years, we could have done something about this. 
that is so sadly nearing 3/5ths.
Disgusting troll this biach is
Provide specific examples...same skill set, same educational credentials, same experience. I bet you can't. You are just an racial agitator
Heres a possibility, stop hiding the fact that men take higher paying, more dangerous/tedious jobs, and replace "make" with "earn". big diff
Make sure you blab your racust hate every where so people know exactly what you are
...and it stings.
Give them all the money you get from all the kick backs you get
Make vs earn. Stop being dishonest.
I am with you Ma'am and all women deserve to be paid the same as a man in same job.
Let's redistribute that income then!!!! Worked great in Venezuela!  DO IT Kamala!
I didn't know there was a different paycheck between black and white people too? Is there really?
And they work far less hours at much less lucrative jobs.
What about the Indian women??
How bout white woman ?
This is crazy to me, wish it wasn't true, numbers are numbers though...it's insane under trump how this can be buried. Fight the good fight
Why don't you identify corporations, companies, educational agencies, etc. that don't comply with EEOC 
Because it is BS meant to inflame her base. She can't get into facts and details.
The woman in our Union make the same wage as men. The Democrats should go back to their roots and support working people not  parasites.
One of Obama's biggest failures ....
Black women in this country make only 63 cents relative to every dollar white men are paid. and even less to Oprah's.. #blackWomensEqualPay
Always the victim, right?
Equal Pay Act of 1965.  You're an attorney - enforce it.  Everything else is BS identity politics you big phony.
Less than White Women - such . Women MUST stand together
That would be unfair.. Can you provide the source data for this statement ?
needs to change! #wagewar
Know what happens to black women visit. http://www.oneagleswingsfearnoevil.com 
