My focus today will be on gathering the facts and information surrounding a few questions. Among them:
Did Sessions violate the terms of his recusal from the Russia investigation by being involved in the firing of James Comey?
Bob Mueller deserves full independence. Full stop.
Since it came to light Sessions misled during his testimony in front of the Senate, I have called on him to resign.
Harris 2020!
Hope you've spoken w/ @PreetBharara!  He may have a great Q or 2 to add 
Yes!!
counting on you & appreciate you
I wish I lived in California so I could vote for you. Born and raised in Bay Area. #leftCAforMN
GET 'EM!!!!
WHAT Would THAT B NOW ? HOW TO ASK TRICK QUESTIONS TO EMBARRASS HONEST PATRIOTIC GENERALS & CAREER INTEL MEN? NO Ms. Harris U R A DISGRACE !
California loves you! You're a breath of fresh air.
America loves her.
Presidential material.
I had a dream that MJ was in a really hot place now
We all want those questions answered Senator. Do your best
Please persist. We fully support you.
Massachusetts says THANK YOU!
*speed* HaHa!

Evasive maneuvers. Not just for the military, for some a way of life.
Feel grateful 4 having you there doing the hard press!
"I don't recall" ("that being discussed") to almost every question. This is not a legally erudite denial from an AG.
Thank you so much for your dedication everyday for finding the truth and representing the ppl of Calif. I am so glad I voted for you!
Comey performance BAD in Clinton case. How was he doing on RUSSIANS? Good or Bad? Somebody needs to ask.
Nothing
Also ask why they FIRED 46 AG'S in 1 day after asking them to stay on 2 days b4?
It's common practice with every President. Check Clinton, Obama, Bush. Media wants you to think it's sinister
Here's the thing, I trust you. I get the feeling we all trust you. That's hard to say to anyone in gove these days. So you do what you do. 
Not all. There are republicans in CA
Sneaky move to have Sessions write that memo so there was "proof" of his alt reasons to fire Comey. We know truth, though. We're not dumb.
Did you leave the oval office when Trump asked to talk to Comey alone
Was she there?
No. It's a question she should ask to Sessions
lol
I firmly believe that sessions has no problem lying under oath as he did before; why in the hell would ppl think otherwise this time around
Almost seemed like he was confused at time maybe he is too old.
Kamala have you seen this?
Click the link too see photo
Awesome! Thank you for ur leadership!
I'm grateful for you Senator! 
Great job with your rapid-fire questioning. Sessions took entirely too long to answer question.. old tactic for him.
Just so YOU KNOW WHAT I'M THINKING; YOU ROCK!! Would you & could you PLEASE FIND SOMEONE FOR KANSAS??
It appears to me that you hate but don't think 
Ask him why he ignored Comey's request not to be left alone with Trump.
He answered that Coomey had the responsibility to tell trump to mind his business. But Coomey was to afraid. That's weak
You're thinking you will do your utmost to plant falsehoods & innuendo to appease your left wing wackos, while spewing propaganda 4 the news
Thank you
Wondering who else you can pay for support?!?! And you say trump is corrupt?!?!?
You have wasted another day just as many other senators have. Brilliant questioning, get to the issue of hacking not fantasies by your party
We need a clone of you in Arizona. Flake and McCain ain't cutting it.
@jeffsessions Pick me, Pick me! The Dodge ball king
We are counting on you. What priv /reason for not testifying re discussions w 45? Deliberative process?!?! Ask 4 cite - what is legal basis?
Dont think just be professional.
Do your Thang Missy!
You aren't believing this bs, are you?
You're my hero!!!!  Thanks for having our backs!!!
NOW THAT'S GOING TO BE A SHORT STATEMENT.
Thank you! Sen PLEASE continue 2 be our voice!!!
Thank you for letting us know I so appreciate you
What's the secret ingredient in those Keebler cookies?
Good luck. We're with you.
Thanks for your service and for keeping us informed
Go for it and don't let up!
Persist!
CA may have elected you (TY BTW) but its great knowing you're working for all of us!  TY @SenKamalaHarris
Watching you on tv gives me and others moments of hope and pure inspiration. There's an army of blk women standing with you.
You Democrats are creating your own demise! Good Riddance!
You're another Calif. corrupt politician!
You want to catch AG Sessions in a "gotcha question"!  Way ahead of you...
Love watching your questioning, keep it up & remember "and still she persisted"
Was you thinking about being rude and disrespectful by not allowing answers.  Well ya made it !
Respect Your President and the American Electoral Process!  #politicalhack
#Kamalakazi - excellent work
He strutted in like a baby peacock.  Arrogant little racist cookie elf
And he is lying through his teeth
#AskSessions: 'Why were you involved in Comey’s firing even though you were recused from the Russia investigation?' @SenKamalaHarris
Please be polite and let the senator answer the questions
YES. Thank you!!! Looking forward to your questioning of him. 
@SenKamalaHarris I'm proud to be one of your constituents. Keep up the fight! You're doing a great job!
who cares.....if you ask someone a ? Let them answer!!!
Make us proud.... strong, fierce, intelligence and the guts to  GO THERE!
: Let's cut thru Sessions crap and agree he is unfit to serve, what with all his memory problems & UNcooperation. And temper
I wish we had a lot more senators like you. I'm in NC so I'm really jealous of CA. Really really jealous. Keep pushing! America needs you
I'm just one state line south of you, and I'm pretty damn jealous too.  We've got people like Gowdy, and Tim Scott, and all the rest...
We appreciate you! Go for it!
exactly why do they practice their questions with a summary of what they are going to ask. We were not trained that way
Go get him Kamala ! Persist !
Don't let anyone interrupt you and/or tell you to be nice at the hearing. Be you; be strong!
Can you ask about whether/not he offered to resign?
you gonna run for prez?

RIP to the three U.S. soldiers killed by an Afghan army soldier.

Cpl. Dillon C. Baldridge…
I don't think I've slept since he won. I think we need to clean house beginning with Trump down to Ryan, Pence and McConnell.
The way you posed your questions were absolutely ill mannered and and disrespectful.
@GeorgiaDiPirro Please tell him... I, myself, #BelieveComey
Yes! Thank you for your leadership.
U don't want the facts u just want him to resign
Canada loves her.
The only thing you think is you're a racist and you want to obstruct...
Go get 'em, Senator!!!
Why did Sessions leave Comey alone w Trump at meeting at Oval Office? Sessions can't claim he didn't know about 'protocol.'
What happened?
Investigate, Susan Rice, Loretta Lynch, Eric Holder, Lois Lerner. Give us our moneys worth, investigate real crimes.
Thank you for your tenacity and honesty, Senator.
Proud to have you as my Senator. Thank you for being unafraid to fight for us!
So proud you are a true Patriot and speak for all Americans! Bravo and thank you
Thanks!
Thank you for your courage. Mueller's investigation must be protected and allowed to proceed; our democracy depends on its independence.
You were impressive today Senator.  Proud and glad to have you representing California.
If it's "Intelligence" hearings Why are you going there. You will be over your head
Oh we know what you're thinking...you got nothing on the Republicans so you better make more sht up quick.
I'm watching right now, I don't believe one word out of Sessions' mouth.   Not.  One.  Word.
Darling, it is over so I just got to read this. AGAIN, SHE PERSISTED! Damn room full of men. I am so ooohhh sorry. You are the brightest!
Again Ms Harris you had great questions and his evasion was telling. Thanks !!
I hope today you are afforded the respect you deserve & the menfolk don't try to make you shut up & sit down like before!

I love you Senator Harris
thank you @senkamalaharris for not backing down
We are with you, Kamala! Don't let Sessions wriggle away!
You've been described as "hysterical"!! Keep up the good work♡♡♡♡
Sessions is a liar and idiot. I am from Alabama, I know his history !!
What did Sessions do in response to Comey telling him not to leave him alone w Trump?
An EveryThing Theory,Where N=Nothing, Ca=Chaos, E=EveryThing,and p=precedes, therefore N p Ca p E p N,the construct within which you live 
Thank you, Senator!
Contempt?
Poor line of interrogative examination on your part
Since it is not possible for you to move to Texas and become my senator, please please please run in 2020 and be my President. You Rock!
<- Believer  I'd seen your name mentioned & maybe saw your tweets but it wasn't until the Senate hearing where you spoke that I *saw* you.
Thank you for standing tall for ALL Americans!
Good Q's for #Sessions, Sick A's from him. #Frustrating to hear his word casserole...Thanks for standing up for our Constitution.
No one gives a crap what you think
We depend on you and you never disappoint!
Thank you. Appreciate it!
Why does @SenJohnMcCain have issues with you? He's like a rich old white man from the Mad Men era. Oh wait. I think I just figured it out. 
Give 'em hell, Senator!
Can someone explain to me what the repercussions are for violating the terms of recusal? Seems important for Congressman Nunes as well.
I watched you today,unprofessional to say the least,cnn spoke today your a 2020 POTUS 
candidate.Democrats will be wiped out in 2018.Thanks!
So honored you represent California. Thank you for being our voice 
@jeffsessions when you are guilty it's not to your recollection or you don't remember, although rep are protecting u, u all r going down u
You rocked it, Senator Harris.  You were direct, relentless, and persistent.  You didn't fall for the sweet, old Southern Gentleman BS.  GO!
Loving your fearlessness! I'm so happy you're on the side of the people!
This whole investigation is just a replay of the Comey-Fitzgerald Waste of taxpayer dollars during the Bush administration.
You think???
You can do this...rarest of historic opportunities...lay down the pithiest questions...counting on you.
With you Senator Harris.....don't stop now!
Thank you for fighting for our democracy and the American people. BTW I have no false expectation of Sessions telling the truth today.
AG's been sending tweets re Russian investigation all along. Only 4 ambassadors at MF all from Russia @jaketapper @alfranken @wolfblitzer
You mean you were planning how to win the Badgering Baffoon Award?  Congratulation on winning by a landslide!
He's actually referred 2 as THE "top lawyer" because he is a top lawyer? I thought he got AG gig because he was sycophantically malleable
You're a rockstar!  Thank you!
Thank you, Kamala. Beacon of light in government right now.
Go Wonder Woman!!! Thank you!!!
Why has Sessions no problem to comment on some communications with 45 (asking for firing letter, illegal orders) at times and not at others?
Kamala-Sessions is testifying he never discusses convo btwn DOJ or prez. Yet he discusses his and Rosenstein discussions.
Love you more than life Senator Harris! Kicking ass and taking names! So freakin' proud to have voted for you!
Please do NOT allow the misogynist chairperson, Burr, to step on you. If he does, kick him and hard! Women of the world are watching you now
And we are with you in spirit every day and every way!  You are the change you seek. Remember! Sending positive vibes your way! 
The hell of it all is Sen. Burr is my do-less senator in #NC!
Heh.. I'm from Alabama...
Hahaha!
Don't let them shush you,ever!
Awesome KH, go get him!
We'll be watching. Time for the truth.
Please ask if he has ANY financial ties to Russia, any Russian businesses, or any oligarchs. Also, Turkey, Alpha bank, Bank of Cyprus
If that sorry fool "cannot recall" literally anything, he needs to go the the farm. The people farm, a.k.a. senior living center.
I'll bring you up to speed on what I'm thinking:  you're one of the rudest, most condescending witches next to Hillary.
Thank you!!!!
Senator please stop this madman
#ShePersisted  nail him Kamala!
Saw u on @maddow holding Sessions feet to the .  Shameful how he evades & the way the court interrupts u.  Keep ya head up! #KamalaHarris
I'm moving back to California! (I'm in TX right now) 
Afternoon Senator Harris:  Please ask Sessions why he didn't ask for Comey's dismissal 'before' May?
I hope someone asks him about the abrupt firing of US attorneys after first accepting recommendation not to do so.
@fitbit twice I've reset my password. When I try to log in with the new password, I get password is incorrect or user does not exist. Grrr.
1/2 That sounds kind of odd. Are you trying to log in using a computer or mobile device?
Thank you Senator Harris.
I agree with you 100%..  Thank you for your courage & convictions.  We realize you need to dance backwards and in high heels.  #StrongWomen
Tear into Sessions. He's a liar. No mercy for this guy
"I do declare I is innocent" - @USAGSessions #SessionsHearing
Next time a man is asking ?s, pls interrupt &scold him. Show him what its like to be demeaned. And continue to do it every time he speaks.
He looks like a deer in the head lights.
BETS? 
When the moon is in 7th 
That gutless lil CorruptRacistRussianElf will plead the 5th dimension. 

HearYe HearYe #CourtIsInSessions!
You need to destroy that Nazi ELF!  We are counting on you!
Thank God for you. The world is watching.
Kamala I think I have a crush on you, I love to hear your voice when you question these wimps.  Do your thing Kamala, you do good work!  
Shame on you Sen. Harris,  You know Comey has a long history of obstruction incidents. Grounds for termination well before todays hearing.
Thank you, Senator Harris. #Persist
Thank you from SoCal
Give him hell, Senator!
Kampala, you're an embarrassment. If I were Sessions and you tried to stop me from answering, I would have asked for you to be escorted out.
Counting on you Senator Harris.
Wish you were my Senator. You are awesome in these hearings. Give em hell.
Please make him swear on two Bibles and a copy of the Constitution. Maybe he'll remember what being under oath means.
Get em Kamala! You have a lot of support around the whole country. 
The "Trump might be contemplating firing Mueller" is not from an unnamed source, it's on tape by Trump's friend Chris Ruddy.
ANY interruptions or sass from Sessions to your questions should be rebuked and appointee reminded.
Ask @jeffsessions if he is aware of the Soviet techniques to control simple-minded targets. But, ask it nicely.
Very good!  @SenKamalaHarris @jeffsessions
I would like all you Democrats to resign so that Republicans can get things done!!
Go get him! What a disgrace.
I knew he would avoid answering questions wasting everyone's time , what's the next step now?
We have a AG who does not remember anything and he is serving and defending our country. How sad is this.
