DHS Secretary Kelly says congressional critics should "shut up" or change laws http://wapo.st/2pwQ7P9 
What a group. No respect, no answers and many indiscretions . No we won't ever shut up!!
@DHSgov Secretary John F. Kelly is a belligerant bully, like pResident tRump! 
AMERCANS WANT ALL THESE ILLEGALS,FELONS & DREAMERS OUT OF AMERICA. WHY ARE YOU SUPPORTING ILLEGALS WITH THAT STUPID TIRE EXCUSE. TAKE KIDS
How does one change a law if no one speaks out?  Asking for a friend.
Thank you Senator Harris #indivisiblesf
Republicans refuse to simply say Bold Color voters born before 64 YOU DONT HAVE TO QUALIFY FOR THE REAL ID but to
You might tell your child to shut up but not concerned tax paying citizens that deserve to know what the hell is going on.
How dare he. Aren't these monsters violating some sort of ethics or oaths of office ?
Change the law but don't expect the executive branch like Obama not to enforce it. Con Law 101 that you must not have taken
This is what happens when military is put in civilian jobs.  The founders were not wrong when some jobs were designated to civilians.
Never let them gag you! A Senator has a right to know anything about the US govt that isn't classified. Including disposition of every child
The mothers are free to take their children with them. Both are #illegalAliens and have no right to be here.
Are these the kids with criminal history? Or the honor students with gang tattoos?
@frankdugan @washingtonpost Bravo!
Funny how the other side didn't "shut up" about Obama in regard to..oh..say....EVERYTHING. Absolutely everything he did was an issue.
Did GOP shut-up under Obamacare? No. Hypocrites.
Obamacare has proven to be a SCAM forced upon American citizens. That's why it's failed.
You should shut up. You're wrong to promote people not obeying our laws. Deport them all.
Why do mothers risk being separated from their children with illegal actions? Why do mothers USE their children as shields against the law?
You can leave with them!
Thank you senator. Keep up the fight!
Does he not realize how difficult it is to change the laws? The Republicans have a stranglehold on our government!
I'm sure advocates probably told Abolitionists something similar regarding slavery!
There criminals who entered the usa illigally
When the parents broke the law by entering the USA illegally they pretty much understood they could be separated from the children go home !
The damage he is causing some of these children will take a long time 2heal...shutup?!? He can go to hell.
Thanks SenHarris...Border states are NOT going to take this tRump immigration nonsense laying down, but we need the women on the hill withUS
#Resist We will not shut up.
Keep on them, Senator Harris. Keep fighting for what is right, and against hate, prejudice, and ignorance.
No no no we won't shut up.  We are just getting louder @GOP @POTUS .  #resist
You are misrepresenting what the secretary said to make your point. Ppl should make up their own minds instead of listening to politicians.
 YAS QUEEN!!!!!!!!
Yes.  There you go.  I have been look for an "edge" in your tweets.  We need it now.
Or describe how they are upholding laws Congress already passed, such as #VAWA, the #TVPA and other victim protections
So disappointed in Kelly.  Keep working hard Sen. Harris.
We're with you, Kamala! Don't stop the pressure!
@washingtonpost Well said!
id certainly shut up if i were u im the CAd1 poll worker who wrote this and as a doe in lawsuits against DNC imo u should lay really lowScum
Or show tax returns
Wonderful, you're against separating babies from mothers. Have you stopped taking money from Planned Parenthood? Thought so.
ah another example of trump's kakistocracy administration, they have no brains, no manners and no ethics
Why are you so worried about separating illegal aliens from children but okay with mothers who murder their babies?  Can you say Pandering?
Another wacko that needs to go.
I'm in no mood for the GOP today. Kelly can kiss my liberal ass
Americans voted in this majority. So yes, shut up and get out of the way.
But you are silent when a child is murdered or raped by an illegal immigrant. Your double standard is showing.
He's right don't pass and enact laws you don't want enforced.
Their mothers should have thought of that before breaking the law, but the children can go with their mothers. Who's stopping them?
Send  he children with their Mother.  Problem solved.
Sec'y Kelly sounded like Tony Soprano. Unacceptable!
Thank u my CA Senator for standing up for what your voters sent u to DC to do CA Dem party supports our immigrant population & won't shut up
Ok, but please also pass legislation.
Rightly Congressional lawmakers such as yourself should continue to talk on "Capitol Hill" but no law can be revised unless your in Session.
As for the Admin. Sec. of DHS  Kelly, say assume immigration agent are doing there jobs accordingly ICE; yet they still tear apart families!
#Persist & #Resist 
He is spot on.  Pass a law to allow what you're for, Senator, if you really believe in it.  Good luck doing so.  #DemsSoreLosers
Thank you!!! 
If we shut up, how would we get the laws changed?
Doesn't matter what answers they give. This is the say one thing and do another administration.
Congress is a deliberative body so, um, you shut up!
They don't follow the law anyway
@washingtonpost 

Never shut up!
