I support you, Senator.  StandStrong.
You are our hope.
@BernardJTyson 
HR 676 now in a subcommittee of energy and commerce. Expanded medicare for all bill.
It is time to take profit out of health ins. Repeal the 1973 HMO Act. The experiment has failed and Americans are suffering because of it.
Keep up the good work
I like these 3 for teaching too
Part of the problem with all these Democrats making noise now is they were the ones that voted Hillary  the real problem 
Love your determination! Reach out to Republicans in Medicaid expansion states.
Hope your successful fir our sakes.
@donnabrazile and be the bitch of the west
NO HEALTHCARE BILL THIS WEEK!!!
It's time for universal health care. Let's fight to join all other industrialized countries in providing care to all.
And by all means...be vocal!!!
You are one of the few I have complete confidence in. I thought that America was so supposed to get better with time, not worse.
And don't let the old white men silence you!
Sick people can't work productively-->can't buy things-->recession.  Healthcare is good for the economy.  #ADCA #AmericanDeathCareAct
Hearing about the very real children who depend on Medicaid funding, I  am struck by how cold and heartless the Republicans "health" plan is
Sen. Harris: As a Canadian watching our Amer. neighbours suffer under "T", I see you as their only hope. Please, run for Pres. in 2020.
TY!!!!#TheResistance
I would love to see Mitch McConnell's rxn to this poster!
He would probably pee in his pants.
Fix the insurance companies and and drug companies. Don't wait for Republicans to do it. Invite some Repub women to join with Dems to fix it
In our fight for healthcare this week we must be
#persistent
#passionate
#persuasive
Tell your reps to VOTE NO ON TRUMPCARE 
Good tweet, Gamora
Thank you Captain. It's great to see you again.
I like how you don't even state what state you rep on your twitter....
Are you really, THAT IGNORANT, Mikey!?!
It's just Mike. Quite bright actually douche.
AND our mantra (the American People) will be, "WE GOT YOUR BACK!!!"
Thank you for fighting for the American people, your perseverance, & standing up to an unfit President who doesn't care about us! 
Save ACA
Thanks @SenKamalaHarris for your commitment.It takes a few great leaders like you to inspire forward momentum in healthcare.#KeepKidsCovered
And don't let them interrupt you and call them on it when they do
Add this to your mantra, "Be president." We need you!!
 I love  you!!
Thank you. #NeverGiveUp #NeverGiveIn
That's a great mantra for all challenges! Thank you for all you do.
Thank you for standing up for healthcare.
Keep doing your thing rock star!!!
Pls run for president... 
Senator Harris, my mantra is where is the Democrat fix to ACA. Don't fall into the same self imposed trap as Republicans. Do something.
be pissed?
Thank you Senator Harris! Let's make that our mantra for life! You are doing an awesome job fighting this bill and we support you!!
My mantra for fighting for healthcare this week: STOP the bill that will kill millions and deprive millions more of essential services.
Please do! I just received a notice that my monthly premium will increase by nearly 20% to $560 a month. That is ridiculous! #TrumpcareFail
And do EVERYTHING to fight this thing, it's an abomination from the party that no longer honors truth, country, people - just corporations
How about being for #singlepayer???
Be informative
#Healthcare
#PERSISTENT #PASSIONATE #PERSUASIVE #TrumpcareVote NO
We  You!
@donnabrazile how about drop the fight bs and try to work out something better than the fail aca?
And be PISSED!
And, be callin' your senators!
Keep up the good work !!!!
Putting in more work than the next 10 Senators.
#cantstopwontstop
Thanks for your good work. We have your back.
Democrats look weak.  We need tough, inspiring, fighting, proud Democrats now.  Keep fighting, this cannot stand.  Go for it Kamala.
gop doesnt care unless youre billionaire&contribute campaign funds.Kids& old people-get jobs&youll b covered!Theyre gonna kill r vulnerable
#LikeAGirl


Like a swarm of wasps go people go
And let's gooooo
Kick ass Kamala
@AlttheKingsMen thank you for fighting for us
OK, sounds like a plan.....I'm adopting the 3 P's.
How about, be a human being, try honesty, and compassion. Oh right, they make you asses check that at the door.
yes please.
Senator Harris, please stop being so passive and give them some Rosa Parks 
tough love, your Senate opponents careless about your 3 PPPs.
Not a reality show, the apprentice, a game, or living in a bubble. This is real life and all of us in it.
I'm certain you have all 3 covered. Why do we not hear more from you, and @ericswalwell, and other tough Democrat voices? #progressive
Ask for transparency in PBMs
Nevertheless she persisted.
And BE FULL OF LIES AND NONSENSE
You get to #RESIST for us! We're counting on you and your colleagues to make meaningful noise and strongly say NO! #TrumpcareIsDeathcare
Come on support single payer.
Don't be afraid to be a PEST.
Absolutely.  We must keep fighting. TY.
Trumpcare please!!
My dad called @SenRonJohnson @tammybaldwin for the 1x in history. He cried leaving a msg bc he's scared my mom will nvr b able to retire.
And still afford healthcare. She currently works literally only bc of the health insurance provided. Every night she moans in pain.
Love alliteration.
#TheyHadSevenYears to do better.
You give me hope. Thank you for your passion and persistence.
Thanks...
We believe in you! Thank you!!
Hitting them over the head with a brick can't hurt either
A bill masquerading as a health care bill which is about how to deny care & pass the costs to poor & working ppl & the savings to the rich
Keep the BEAT! It is called fighting for life! Don't let the it slip away...The BEAT goes on...
Thank you!
Thank you and I think no less of an angry lady who drops the f bomb for emphasis!
PLEASE find a way to stop this GOP War on America!
In other words, just be yourself
Do you think Sen.s Collins and Heller would work with Dems to fix ACA?
Thank you Senator! ! Love from California
Go get them Kamala!

Keep fighting for us Kamala Harris! We need you, and more like you. Thank you for your example and strength. 
AMschool system must stop teaching love t children,they're confused reality message involves dinner table racialHate
GOP DC animosity destroyed AM partisan unity & AM's divided in sociopath hate, elderly, sick, disabled & poor social cleansing criminal mode
#BpBpBp #AmericaSpeaksOut  #HARRIS2020
They had to change healthcare bc ppl cdnt afford premiums and it was dying out, so they make a bill where 22 mil ppl cant afford healthcare
I called my Senator's offices today. Again. I was honest about how hurtful this bill is for so many, including me & my family.
And run for President in 2020?
Bringing coal back and taking away healthcare...its almost like they are wanting folks to die...
Yay! @SenatorCollins just tweeted, she is voting "NO!" I hope others follow. Working together to improve #ACA is the best option for all.
Mine is:'No, no, no'
And expose every sneaky cut or tax enrichment that bill has the nerve to offer as sec price continues to mis represent
Thank you for you diligence
Go HARRIS!!!!!
Thank you!
Thank you, Senator Harris.  This bill can not pass!
Stay frosty. Stay sharp.
Good advice for any fight, Senator Harris.
Also, could you also back #MedicareForAll? Thanks.
I hope it works. I would go with "be like Mitch" and use every trick at your disposal.
Add a little nasty woman
And lie like you always do
Persist!!!! We've got your back!!!
#resist
And DON'T GET SICK!
My son Parker and I thank you!
You are a hero. Thank you.
You should run for president 2020
Thank you Senator
GO Kampala Go!
Please talk about the societal consequences of the looming Medicaid cuts! It will destabilize communities and cause crime!
Never mind that, please be outraged!
be persistent
be passionate
be persuasive

#GoKamala we've got your back!
Lower prices on prescription drugs?
.GOP motto: Interrupt all smart women who push back on our crummy, cold-hearted plan
...Especially if they don't smile enough. 
Why not take action instead of chanting a mantra. Get with your team and fix Obamacare
Awesome! What is the mantra to deal with the $ 20 trial and growing national debt?
My mantra since the election in Nov: resist, persist, & insist! Truth matters!
We are counting on you.
@SenKamalaHarris Thankyou from a fellow Californian
Good advice, too bad my senator has his calls going to voicemail, Senator Portman of Ohio!
Thank you for fighting for us you Wonder Woman!
be loser
All P's.
Did you get that from the Russian blackmail Donald Trump "P" tape?
Thank you for your hard work.
This bill CANNOT go through!
And start getting ready for Harris for President in 2020 because we need you!
As least one of you Democratic Senators has used the word "passion". We Democrats feel our representatives are as wobbly as a bowl of jello!
Stay on this! The majority depends on you! THANK YOU for your service! 
you really are slow as a 5th grader. your "revolt" will be your short coming. We are ALL Americans get over your ego
Get'em
Kamala for president 
You are a light for those who have no voice
Go Lightbearers of Freedom & Justice
May You Be Persistent
May You Be Passionate
May You Be Persuasive
Offering the Benefits to Greater Good
How persuasive can we be when they won't listen?
Pursue US Law known as Depraved Heart Murder. #GOP is guilty of this heinous crime and know bill will kill millions #DepravedHeartMurder
Too bad you guys blocked single-payer in Cali. Darn
Easy to be persuasive - just quote the CBO
You were raised with the millions. The CA want the illegals out, choice and FedGov out of our business. #voteKamalaout
better than resist atleast!

Don't you think you & @StephenAtHome would be the perfect duo to lead our country back to sanity 2020 if not before?!
Agree ms h, ur the best

#CelebratingA4ThOfYourLiesTrump: Next Stop Impeachment & Jail Time. Sincerely yours, one combat veteran. 
Please pull out all the stops. We are counting on you.
This...(no better example ) #SaveACA #StillWithHer
You mean, build on a system designed by the Heritage Foundation as wealthcare for the health insurance industry?
#SinglePayer would be best.... but seems like a pipe dream given what the GOP are serving up presently... baby steps to get there?
58% of the public wants #singlepayer. We're hearing a lot about what the Dems are against, but precious little about what they're FOR.
I'd love to see Dems take a strong stand for #singlepayer It's the right thing to do. Healthcare is a RIGHT that should be honored.
@MrJamesonNeat I'll add my prayers to that!
Thanks Kamala. This bill cant pass. It is just wrong to even have to discuss this. Meanwhile, no cameras at todays briefing. Press man UP!!!
@oufenix Be human. As strange as that seems to have to be saying.
The Democratic brand is in turmoil
And do NoT let @SenMajLdr shush you! Or anyone for that matter!
As a Canadian, I have taken universal health care for granted. Not any more. I hope Americans win this fight.
An excellent mantra...
I called Toomey's office and got cut off in mid message. I'm going in for surgery this week for stage one breast cancer. This bill is cruel
Thank you!
Sen. K. Please tow the line. Use all your senatorial influence to stop this bill in it's tracks. So many of us are facing death. B cancer.
COMPASSIONATE,  PASSIONATE  ABOUT  SEEING  ALL IN PRISON  FOREVER.
Thank you for fighting for healthcare for all
Keep on resisting! Many of us have your back.
GOP would deny healthcare to poor, elderly and those with preexisting conditions to give #WEALTHCARE to the richest Americans. #CLASSWAR
Inturrupting cow says what?
I believe  your correct sweetheart thx! Debora Wessel 
You keep going. We need more people in congress like you.#resist
