ALERT: Reporters at Capitol have been told they are not allow to film interviews with senators in hallways, contrary to years of precedent
Any public setvant who refuses to answer to the public needs to kicked to the curb.
You do realize that all you Soro's employees will soon be out of a job, right?
This lame response is still going around?
and they buy it hook line and sinker, another Trump groupie!!
@bballmom1999 @yogagirl5252 @tdawson2442 @DefiantKathleen @bbkenn92 @SenKamalaHarris "groupie" is a stretch but the left is messageless.
Sounds like the GOP for 8 straight years. If you're buying the whole SOROS thing, you're a groupie!
Just curious...do you work 40 hours a week in respectable employment?
Just curious do you have a college degree, I'm taking a guess and say no,
republicans are using Nazi tactics
I'm glad you think that now. I wish you thought that when you were CA AG and SF DA.
Please encourage Dem senators to step outside and make themselves available to the press. Let ours be the party that continues to speak.
Coming from the woman who #sleptwithWillieBrown to get into politics
I am Canadian. I fantasize you as president of the United States and my prime minister working together.

Transparency should be the normal protocol! Afterall they're  elected to serve their constituents!
What they trying to hide @GOP
Only those who don't serve the people hide.
Oh we know you don't hide.  You're too busy trying to make a name for yourself, laying groundwork.  Just watch out for that sinkhole
You serve your selves and like all politician promise to suck good as a candidate but upon being  elected you return to being  an enemy
U.S. Constitution prohibits the making of any law that (prohibits) the free exercise of ... the press... (aka the Watchdogs of Society)
Sen. Harris is not afraid to be held accountable by reporters or constituents. The Senate GOP leadership are a bunch of cowards. #Harris2020
Thank you, Kamala
You make me proud to have voted for you
She's great! Thanks for putting her in there.
YW
Silly me, forgot she is CA I'm CA.
Wyn You didn't Vote For Her?
Well you will next time huh? ; )
I did. Was a brainfart.
What are Senate Dems doing to counteract this heinous behavior by the GOP? What are Senate Dems delaying? Are you just going to let it pass?
Tell that to Comey, Lynch, Hillary, Obama, etc.! oh, wrong 'side'? Really fair, aren;'t you? NOT!
@MarkRuffalo @kasie
Good at least until we get some REAL journalists again-being hacks 4 polit agenda/party NOT journalism
They are afraid and they are scared they will tell different versions of the same story. What a shit show. Shame on you @GOP. What a mess!
I think you mean they are afraid and they are scared they will tell different versions of the same LIE!
There all just a bunch of little #IvankaTrumps now?
I've considered myself a left of center republican for a long time. I don't think I can stomach it any longer. I've voted D in last 3 nats.
As a lifelong leftie I think the dnc is quite flawed, just not to the same extent. We need to do away with delegate system of nominating.
Hiding much?
First no town halls now this. between this and yesterday's who can kiss Trump's ass more contest feeling more  like NorthKorea #KimJongTrump
Paul Ryan no town hall for 600 days.
Ditto Marco Rubio we held a town hall anyway in Tampa, it was a packed!! What a slimy coward
Kamala Harris. Brilliant. Didn't see enough of her today. She sure freaked out Sessions  (a hearing high point today). Slime? 2 of many.
Hmmm...go back and look at Obamas term and scandal. I'm sure u supported that. That's a real example of what ur talking about. Follower
What scandal? Don't recall major investigations on him in 8 years. Just Republican conspiracy theories that had no merit.
Wow, u really r a follower.. Benghazi, IRS scandle, fast & furious to name a few.
U get a free pass from the Lib Mainstream Media unlike the GOP so until the Media hire REAL JOURNALIST IT IS FAIR, Liberal Media lies for U.
@reallyfeduphere guess Dem legislators ought to invite the press in everyday then
This is silly.
. That's cute you think you serve us. You are there to line your pockets and fuck us over. I guess you pushed us to far.
#THAT'S BECAUSE THEY R SO STUPID N CANT SPEAK ON CAMERA,  WITHOUT LIEING ABOUT SOMETHING!  #TRUMP DOESN'T WANT ANY INTERVIEWS AS EVIDENCE !!
Just Like The obama Years....many of us won't forget....double-standard is your God.  Hell is full of people like you...hurry!
You're ABSOLUTELY right! Keep fighting @SenKamalaHarris !
And politicians are still CLUELESS as to why the American people are so pissed.
Snowflakes need their safe spaces, protected from accountability, and bloodsuckers don't show up on film anyway.
Stay strong, Sen. Harris.
Your strength inspires me.
JM needs to EVOLVE!! And yes, you are right. GOP wants to hide EVERYTHING. Americans, beware!
McCain to U: "Allow witness to answer"& U to McCain: "Stop watching late night TV. Get some SLEEP."
很好
But that's how it works in Russia!
They are better at supressing...   health bill contents that screw millions, why they keep supporting a fabricators, votes... You know!
The Gun Owners Party did this.  They've refused over and over and over to enact even the most basic common sense gun legislation.
Please run for President! You have more balls than any other Senator. Proud to be a Californian! #Harris2020
Thank you Senator Harris for protecting the 4th Estate and the First Amendment. We are in the era of a wannabe Despot.
SO GLAD I VOTED FOR YOU TO REPRESENT ME AS SENATOR!
yes right again! or at least that is what we elect senators to do. work for us in public. we have the right to know
Is this one step further in taking freedom of press?
GOP only serves folks with lobbyists.
Many people seem to think that their Senators are far better at serving special interests & themselves than those who voted them into office
What a load of crap.
Thank you for representing me yesterday. I am proud of you
Food for thought in author Naomi Klein's YouTube video:
Who made this new law ? Who is going to endorse this new law? Who is the boss of senators?
You go get 'em
Are you part of the attempted murder of Scalise? It was a demoncrat that shot.
Russia was hacking us for years under Obama. What were you doing all that time to protect our election process? U all knew it was going on.
Another new attempt by the GOP to hide truth's from all Americans.  We need to all remember these tactics when elections occur.
What r the GOP congress members afraid of? The ppl finding out the truth about the murderous healthcare bill?
Who decided on this new restriction?
Appalled to see you interrupted for the 2nd time! Sexism on display while Sessions tries to run out clock.So proud 2 see u stand in ur truth
Thank you Sen Harris for ALL you are doing. We stand with you and appreciate your fighting on our behalf.  Stay fierce!
Moving closer to a banana republic
@MarkRuffalo @kasie A great point, which leads to another? What the hell have u been doing, considering millions are poor
What are you doing besides being a criminal
Don't let those old white men silence you! Please keep fighting for us and US
I'm shaking with outrage that @GOP takes every opportunity to whitewash this travesty of a Govt! #NeverthelessShePersisted
yes and you should start treating  former senators with 35 years  in with respect you are a wise ass  bully like Warren
Special K how much more of this fascist stench are we going to have to endure? #KamalaHarris  #Senate
They shouldn't be ~allowed~ to hide.
Yes; that seemed implied in her criticism no?
Yes, but I prefer stated.
YOU WERE GREAT TODAY!!!   sESSION'S A SLIMY GRINNING WEASEL
How about doing your job and legislate, that's what you were elected to do, not a resistance job.
Americans are sick of your party!
These senators saying this remain in office b/c of the way people vote (or don't vote). Time to put term Limits in place! @USTermLimits
Senator Harris you are new to Senate. Republicans serve the wealthy, corporations, special interests, and lobbyists.
2020 for President

NEW: Senate Rules Committee reverses course on hallway interviews. "You may continue to follow the rules as if it was yesterday."
lol it's just because Trump doesn't want he's "men" getting caught with their pants down :\ Heaven forbid.
The paranoia of Fascism is settling in.
Whose rule is this?????
Why is @SenDeanHeller hiding ?
But you don't serve the people. You serve the Democratic party whom we voted out in large numbers.
Sen Harris you do a great job.  Unfortunately, your republican colleagues serve the rich and well connected.
I know a few Senators that will be greatly dissapointed by lack of grandstanding options. I'm sure you do too.
Nothing good happens after mid night. Said too many to count.
America: where it's legal (in some states) to film up a woman's skirt without her consent, but filming elected representatives is not okay.
Why? Who put that order out? Someone who's afraid of the truth maybe ? SENATORS Keep serving the people that put you there so you can stay
Says the sell-out #kamalaharris who did not prosecute #stevemnuchin on the advise of the #fbi 4 bad bank practices! 100's lost homes in LA
Tx for all you have been doing. We MUST get @realDonaldTrump #IMPEACH ed & toss all his goons out w/him. And family. Worst @POTUS ever. Bad.
Non guilty people dont get nervous or scared. That your straightforward questions rattled Jeff Sessions speaks volumes!
That includes health care bills
Good, I hope we know every single thing you're doing.
If they hide they should be called, and followed until they speak on camera. Government in the sunshine.
Liberal fascist alert!!
Body cams
Keep up the great work, Senator Harris!
You went after him and made everyone uncomfortable. Thank you!
When you are up to all the dodgy things this current regime is up to then you definitely want as little oversight as possible.
@SenKamalaHarris-smart sharp on point-stands up for the ones who needs her-the little weasel @jeffsessions got sweat on his forehead today
I'd like to know what you are doing? Any water storage project in the plans??
They're hiding because they have a lot to hide!!
Dear lady, thank you for your courage & intestinal fortitude today. You deserved higher regard than you received. Run for Pres. :0)
I'm so happy to know you represent California!  Thank you!
Educate urself on the facts! Stop being followers of the haters. all you have to do is do a little research instead of listening 2 crazy ppl
Welcome to the GOP Power Grabbing Coup.  What the hell are they all hiding?
@MarkRuffalo @kasie You serve no one but yourself.
Naaa. You server only the people in your group think.
Federal/State Courts have blocked filming of PUBLIC HEARINGS for years going so far as to arrest people for non-compliance
I hope the Media remembers that when these idiots want free press during their rallies and campaigns in 2018/2020.  Show them the hand.
talk about the Obama administration hacking Senate Intel Committee servers.   then get back to me. #SessionsHearing
I think that's the way the US senate used to work when things were open and above board. Pre-trump. #GoodOldDays
Good to see a fighter in Congress again. You've already paid dividends on my vote for you!
Since when is the Capitol owned by Senators?
Lying Sessions said you made him nervous Senator Harris you have made all us proud.
You're a rarity in politics-please run for president!!
thank you.
Why didn't you tell that to your friend Hillary Clinton before she started deleting emails from her email server?
Thank you @KamalaHarris
That's ok. He heard you before they cut you off. #sessions
So much 4 so-called govt transparency Sessions talked about 2day. The WH, 45 and his supporters have left me with 0 confidence in US leaders
Great! Then you won't mind explaining this https://interc.pt/2igBdpi  by @ddayen
oh she did, it was a decision her office made. #TheseWallsCanTalk
You mean like all the spying the Obama NSA did on the public and worse the spying he did on reporters from the AP.  Play fair.
Those damn pesky ATM machines. 
Sen.Harris you are a breath of fresh air! Thank you
@ComputeBlu @kasie. That gavel should have been in *your* hands. Perhaps some day. Continue to gives those rats hell!! 
Invite journalists to follow you. Let the Democrats lead the way with transparency, leave the Repub senators in the dark & out of limelight
Vote no to Kamala Harris
He is not hiding.  He was in the hot seat.  You should try to have half his integrity.
Thank you for your integrity, morality, transparency, and duty to the American people
Well Geeze, if they actually relayed what was said and done while they were actually there we wouldn't have this problem. Instead agendas...
You realize nobody believes you'd apply this standard to both parties, right?
Do not listen to them - do as they do and keep doing as you wish.
Trump is inch by inch taking our Freedom - Jesus GOP Wake the Hell up!'
YEASSSSSS! MY Sister yes!
OMG " not allowed"? That's a rule begging to b broken!
This is an attack on the First Amendment!
the fact that you are blabbing about proves the opposite.
That doesn't make any sense?
please stay focused, attack on the 1A, your words, no one is stopping any free speech or the press
You are a hacker?
you must be referring to my Android hacking description, it's all about custom Droid
Good job today Kamala...Between McConnell, McCain, Burr and others, you got your job cut out for you. Misogynistic, lying pigmen led by DJT
They can hide all they want!! But sooner of later all the lies will come out!
I guess we will have to question them and protest them at their Homes!
PM Harper of the Conservatives in did this also.  Didn't like the news asking questions. Of course we all know who replaced him
Gee, WHY would they want to hide?
How is asking that the interview not be held in the building, hiding? Do the interview somewhere else! Delusional witch!
Exactly
So right you are!!!
Yes, senator Harris, thank you!
This is a clear demagogue move. Trump thug culture is fully supported by Republicans. Why? What are they taking away from us?
Why don't chairman or those being questioned have a problem with giving you a straight answer.  Chairman bailed him out once again!
Thank you,Ms Harris!!
Thank you,and Harris!!
Don't you get it...we do know what you're doing. THATS THE PROBLEM
If only we could install mandatory head cams on all our elected officials.
If you're guilty as all holy fuck, damn right there's a need to hide. #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Just who do these guys think they are? They ALL work for us and the 1st Amendment is still in force, so far as I know. Keep talking!
