Couldn't be any worse than Obamacare, but we had to pass that before we could read it.
Except for ACA being actively debated for months before the vote & the full text of the bill posted on congressional website prior to vote
Which didn't stop people from getting just as screwed, but Dems still pushed it through. #dealwithit
Not sure how it's worse but I'll agree with the spite aspect, sure.
The ACA has literally saved my life. Before it, I couldn't get insurance at all due to pre-existing conditions. The House version of  /1
The AHCA removes all the consumer protections from ACA so people like me won't be able to get insurance again. People will literally die /2
Most people would consider that worse. /3
So, Kamala; ur take on it is  "Republicans are evil; want terrible bills 4 the people." NO commnts professional? No inspired work together?
This is one of MANY Senate complaints.  You can't help w what you can't SEE! Not rocket science.
Yes. Show the bill!!!
You're a nurse, colleen. So am I. You know how devastating the consequences of the poorest ppl/kids/elderly will be. Nurses will lose jobs!
I don't believe that to be true at all
It's already happening here in FL. Largest elder care population in the US. Nurses are understaffed, underpaid already.
Favorite patients are my illegal immigrants but we cannot afford to cover  cost of all of Mexico. Just does not work and it's not fair 2them
And when 23 mil legal citizens lose HC due to pre exist conditions, how will that make things better? That much we DO know abt the bill.
And full of spelling mistakes, faulty accounting, lies and bad intentions.
Are you talking about the monet Kamala Harris illegally funneled to Maxine Waters?
She gave Maxine high-quality costume jewelry? 

Or was it a painting? 

Or are you just wrong?
Not wrong. Two crooks and one bad typist!
I hope you don't loose your medical insurance! God help you! Trump is destroying America as Stupid stands there watching!
I lost it under Obama! Rate went from 400 to 1200/mo with 6000 deductible. Obamacare is worthless.
They plan on cutting it fo give rich people a tax break! You must be part of the 1%.Otherwise you too would be concerned!
If I were part of the 1% I could afford Obamacare. When will u realize that The Democrats are the Party of the Oligharchs?
If he wants to, no one can/could stop Trump from launching nukes at whoever, whenever.That means daughter-wife& hubby can, too.who else?
GUESS THAT WAS THE CASE WITH NAZI PELOSI, THEN, TOO, RIGHT? OBVIOUSLY! IF IT WASN'T THERE TO LINE YOUR POCKETS, IT'S TERRIBLE! $ TALKS!
My child's medically fragile life at risk- I'm fighting hard against #AHCA & Medicaid cuts
'At just 8 years old, she is the strongest human being I know' — this mother wants to protect her daughter from Trumpcare 
Can't be more terrible than ACA.
Playing with people's lives and don't want to be held accountable. Why are you hiding @SenateGOP ???
Yep.
Then it is a true reflection of them, Trump, and the Trumpanzees that will need something catastrophic to shake their somnolence.
No, that shit was dumb when she said it. That's not a free pass to shove legislation through from there on out.
Merchants of death. Plain and simple.
Everyone has seen it.  Perhaps one of your colleagues could get you a copy.
Or they were waiting on their payola from ins industry lobbyists. I do not believe they give 2 hoots in hell abt poor or sick Americans.
Agreed!
What's more Terrible? Just heard on  NPR there are NO checks and balances between the sitting President and the nuclear attack order. Zero.
You have become the darling of the Democratic Party #2020
I agree. Smart. Tough. We need more just like her.
You don't know that. Obstruction is terrible. Are you of a immature nature?
Yea cause Obamacare worked so well lol not
No they don't want you to interrupt there progress like you do conversations
Kamala2020 get it done
But....if you don't know what's in it...how do you know it's terrible..?
It's very disturbing that McConnell has ushered in a new normal that usurps the will of the people.  First Garland, then Gorusch & now this.
All government intervention in markets is terrible so no surprise here. Sorry you didn't have the chance to interrupt my comment
Hmmmm Pelosi we have to pass this so we can see what's in it.......
Well. That's one reason.
Only Acceptable Healthcare Bill is #UniversalCoverage with #SinglePayer.Only one that will work. And yes, I KNOW HOW to pay for it. #AskMe!
As legal as Obama's was. "Have to pass it to see what's in it", according to Pelosi, & that's exactly what happened.
You've been duped. ACA had robust debate with none of these tricks. Pelosi was talking about unexpected ramifications in that quote.
Pelosi exempt herself because it was soo good.  Lol lol.
A lie. Congress is not exempt from Obamacare- they're required to get insurance thru exchange. GOP wants to exempt Congress from Trumpcare
Lol. Ask Pelosi...
NO ONE is exempt from Obamacare. It's a set of rules for insurance companies, not an insurance plan.
Pelosi is... Ask her
Thank you, Senator Harris. I'm fortunate to have you representing me
How is this not obvious to everyone?
Did the Dems give a preview of theirs beforehand?
Love you girl.  Keep fighting for us.
Oh, you mean just like Obamacare? Pelosi "Gotta' pass it to see what's in it."  You Dem's are the biggest hypocrites.

You gotta pass it to know what's in it .. sound familiar ?? Pelosi much ??
Were u upset when Democrats did the EXACT SAME THING?
Ur right u don't know please watch it out
@KellyAnnPolls kinda like you have  to pass it to know what's in it??? That ring a bell??
maybe that will wake the uninformed racist asses up to what is going on in this country it hurts me to say this
I am remorse to say this I hope they do pass that terrible health care bill all those morons that keep voting for those Republicans
Keep asking truth questions -
It probably is. And that's why we need to simply REPEAL Obamacare. Then we can all proceed with cutting regulations that raise health costs.
Reminds me of the way the Democrats passed the pos Obamacare bill. You politicians are all hypocrites. Different parties... same shit.
lets pass it to see whats in it
The GOP will have to own this with no one else to blame. Then what? They'll lie, geremander and continue to drive America to recession.
because the failing obamacare is better?
In my short life I did not know that I would see someone as inspiring as @BarackObama, then I watched you amd was encouraged. #feminism
The big people don't like to appear their huge bills raiesd for their health care, and almost hide it from public.
What's terrible is an us vs them healthcare bill. It's insane. How do we get rid of this narrative? It affects all of us.
It is catastrophic. It will create a national health emergency. "Terrible" is still too milquetoast.
You are inspiring! Thank you for your service.  This Californian is so proud. Keep it up Sen Harris!!!
I foresee rioting and mass protests if this throws millions of Americans off their current health plans. @SenateMajLdr is a F'ing DISGRACE!
Keep giving them hell Senator. Weve got you!
And they think they can pass it anyway, and eff the democrats, basically. And they can. So they will. Doubt pressure will sway any of them.
President Harris
They could give all those tax breaks to the rich and give affordable health care to all if they just eliminated the middle man. #GOPcowards
no that was the dems you know the one getting replaced #obamalied
Doesn't sound anything like what was done with obama care though... just saying
Power to the people! Let's go America! Speak up! Make calls! March! GOP can't be shamed! Need action.
Wrong!
Most people're still not understanding AffordableCareAct after bought it(Obama care).To avoid the penalty,people buy it before dead line..
AffordableCareAct(Obama Care), few thousand pages but haven't been touch(read)before vote..!But 100% DemocratMembers voted YES
We know this assumption could be true, because it's how the democrats screwed us in the first place. #passit #cant #readit
Keep fighting - thank YOU
STRONG&AWESOME..#Never fold,never bend, always stay solid,and and walk#PROUDLY
What do you think about #PhilandoCastile #lynching by the state! @Scotus says it's legal bc cop was scared. What do you think?
Can't go anywhere but up from super secret Obamacare that dems didn't bother to read before passing it.
So if you don't know what's in it STOP throwing out therioes.
Because just like everything else, it's just a crooked scheme 
His deplorables will be hit the hardest and I have new earplugs for the crying. Looking forward to the Sound of Music remake.
Agreed! Ty Senator! Please, don't let this pass! Miserable vermin!
So if this idiot is saying this, the bill must be positive for the American ppl. Pretty easy to figure out by now.
Guess that's why Pelosi told us the Dems would have to pass ObamaCare so we could see what's in it.
A Senator's heart is evidenced by their policy. @GOP @SenateGOP @MikePenceVP @SenateDems #SinglePayer #SaveACA #TheResistance
"You have to pass it 1st,  to know what's in it"
WHO REMEMBERS??
Mrs. Harris what health plan plan do you have ?Bet it's not Obama care lol.I voted for you and I want you to make changes not complaints.
People call  your Senators and don't let up. https://www.senate.gov/senators/contact/ …
Indeed. It is a major tax break to the wealthy & will hurt the American people across the board.
They want a dictatorship
You need to be chatting with Eric Holder, Ms Harris.  He and you for 2020.
It is MURDER
Well you played the same Game. Nancy said "We have to sign it before we can know what's in it". How does it feel? #Demexit
Much like obamas :)
Hypocrite, Dems approved a bill you must pass to read
What do you care whats in the?Democrats have said from day 1they were not going to work with republicans on replacin&repealing Obamacare!
teacher with supposed the best health care. son gets stitches $1300! Wanna see the bills? all you do is post shit! How about facts!!
obama care blows!
If they could have written a decent proposal they would have done it years ago. They are incompetent
Senator you are so right. Trump Care is a nightmare waiting to happen
I accidentally read that as "Russian Senators" rather than Republican.
To-may-to, to-mah-to
Yep
You were a clue on Jeapardy today. Now THAT is an accomplishment!
What does that say about Obamacare?
Stay strong!We stand with you and our fight for health care!If they take ours we have to take theirs! We will persist!
Same reason Obama had I guess...
I don't care what side you're on, this is shady AF. not gonna debate it, it's shitty plain and simple.
At least now you don't have to pay obama if u don't get insurance. What a scam!
Ok if say so!
I'm not worried about my Senators - but I fear for 24 million fellow Americans
If no one knows what's in it, Senator...how do you know its terrible.  hmmmmmm?
Please speak on it and continue to give them HELL @SenKamalaHarris
As a supporter of Obamacare, terrible bills are familiar to you
It's horrific!
I recall Pelosi saying we have to pass Obamacare before we can know what's in it
Would love to come to Washington to be your helper i live on SS never been there so grateful to you for fighting for us thanks
It isn't a healthcare bill, it's a hate crime
They got Mitch under the gun she was telling what to say would of been awsome if you could of said EXCUSE US
We've already seen the preexisting conditions list, that I'm on at least 5 times. It's like death row, you can only kill a person once.
Bi partisan worked on this. Are you already trying to duck your responsibility?
Need to bus in some folks jam the building up you know they scary
I called them they hung up on me WHET?REALLY
This bill when nobody has seen it. That has been the recurring perception for quite some time.
While I have every belief that Republicans have no qualms about screwing us, I still would like to know how so many people know about...
Mitch McConnell and Senate Repubs have sold their souls to the 1%. They don't care about average people.
Yep
Or they dont want you leaking things with your big mouth.....its sucks they took your chance to spin the deal b4 its voted on dont it ?
It's not about healthcare. They don't give a shit about us. The people they work for! Trickle down is a bunch of BS. It's about rich richer!
The richest people and poorest people are Dems. the middle class are Republicans. The masters and serfs vs the taxpayers.
The goal of the AHCA was never to give healthcare to people. They know that but you can't tell grandma that you're screwing her over so...
As are you senator. So classless and clueless!
They are just fpllowing #pelosi lead "you have to pass it to find out what's in it."
And will crash the system, no one is exempt from consequences.
Kind of sounds familiar. Seems Obama did that same thing and passed terrible healthcare in the middle of the night.
Who said "we have to pass the bill so you can see whats in the bill..."   Epic hypocrisy on the left.
This cannot be retweeted enough!
In all fairness, the same could've been said of the ACA. Remember Pelosi's “We have to pass the bill so we can find out what's in it” ?
If it isn't an improvement over O care, which is horrible, all of you on both sides should be run out of DC.
I don't think "they" understand that things will get more violent. Thanks for trying but we need a revolution. #resist
What a detailed response from a trial lawyer. Sad.
And you, sweet Senator, are getting to them.  Keep up the pressure.  We're behind you!!  Dems MUST stop this vote by ANY means necessary
@DannyZuker  Obama didn't not release OBUMMER care.  Until way later.. Such Hipoocracy
@P_Hendrickson The Dems MUST find a way to stop the bill. There's always a way.
WOW!! You mean like "We have to pass the Bill BEFORE we know what's in it?" Y'all were fine with that one! HYPOCRITE!!!
If they were 'improving', rather than this ruse to swap health spending for rich tax cuts, they'd write the whole damn thing in #RoseGarden
#truth
#46 ;)
Probablly full of death panels.
YES! ABSOLUTELY!
Refrain from your judge till you see it!
The plan is to shove it through,then blame Dems for leaving people in a mess. About votes
We can rest assured that is the case, but we're glad you're on the job and not going to let it drop on our heads. #AffordableHealthcare4All
Yeah well so is the ACA and I don't here you bitching about that.
time for you to start your campaign: @SenKamalaHarris for PRESIDENT!
Hope you all are working on a thousand amendments to give the people time to really let them know how much it'll hurt their careers.
The simplest answer is if you've had any kind of a condition, you're screwed!
Yup but not as bad as OCare
Yes it is.  Thanks for the reminder.
The AHCA is going to kill people we love.
What a load of rubbish.
I visited Senator Portman last week. He assured me Dems would get amendment opportunities. Think he's fibbing? She asks sarcastically
same reason Obama wanted his bill passed without being read. Face it all Republican or Democrat all of you suck.
keep up the fight #dontgiveup
We the people have the right to know about proposed healthcare plans! This is America right
It's beyond terrible. Stealing from the Middle class and the poor to make rich people richer is absolutely reprehensible
Or maybe it's super awesome, and they just want to surprise us!
Please GOP Senators could come out with a fool proof single payer system and you'd still object.
Yes. Also, they're terrible at their jobs.
Totally agree with Senator Kamala Harris.
On a scale of 1 to electing the racist yam president, how bad is it?
In addition Senator, they are dismantling our government will we are distracted with the spectacle
Wait one min when Obama care came out Nancy pol said we must pass it before we read it
I wish everyone would quit calling it a health care bill; it's a tax cut measure!
why did Nancy P have to say you have to pass it to read it when ACA was being passed!  I hope Democrats get to read it! But the hypocrisy!
Hope Congress can come up with something better and fairer then ACA! Medicare for all maybe!
I don't understand:  If you claim you don't know what's in the Bill, how can you say it's terrible?
It's probably as "mean" as the @HouseGOP version just like @realDonaldTrump told us.
Oh, you mean the Healthcare Denial and Death Acceleration Bill
Absolutely...how are continually getting away with doing whatever they damn well please..this has got to stop. :-(
You are DAM BOSS!!!   you are the best eva!! Love you are actually fighting for us all...with everything you have.!! Thank you
Go get them @KamalaHarris. Thanks for looking out for us.
One of the rare instances I would agree with you. It's unfair, no matter what party does it. USA deserves better. Need competition in bill.
Please run for president in 2020... You would be amazing
Exactly!!
Terrible for the people of the United States. The 1% aren't citizens; they live in other countries.
but they will reap millions from their "donors"
2 reasons: they want to illustrate their impunity. Democrats sat in over a no-fly list, but not to stop this. #Priorities
