When did the GOP turn against morals is my question?!? They always boast about family values blah blah blah!
Don't forget the non stop pro-life blathering. This bill is about as anti-life as you can get with committing outright genocide.
Exactly! I've said it b4 GOP all about pro birth not pro life!
A guy was arguing with me about it yesterday. He said he wanted to save unborn babies from pp but didn't want US to ensure prenatal care...
That's messed up but look who they think is their best pick for a president
What a cluster. That tells me they don't care about unborn children, just continuing their #WarOnWomen and controlling their bodies.
They r so ignorant! They don't get it how important prenatal care is. I'm an RN & when educating these morons it's next 2 impossible!
We can't depend on these big insurance companies to look out for us. If you want to say you're pro-life you'd want good prenatal care 4 all

....said the guy with more than he really needs.
Another true believe in the "each according to his needs" hokum? Sadly, that philosophy has failed just about everywhere it's been tried.
Really? The Mormons, in Utah have done a very good job of making that work. But you go on and keep making excuses for your self-centeredness
You're pretty funny. I have no problem with personal charity. I engage in it myself. However, the State (esp. here in CA) is not charitable.
Yeah, in Utah they have solvd the homeless problem though the state. They found it better use of tax money to house & feed than prosecute.
Sadly, here in CA, too many of our state's policies create and enable homelessness. It's why I oppose giving the fools yet more money.
@RepugnantRepub Immoral is non-argument. Focus on "smart" vs "not smart". You'll get the same answer but better engagement.
thanks. I'd like to hear why you think it's smarter
I didn't say it was but, what is the net change in risk in your life & that of yr friends and family? ...
Read up on it, you don't have it quite right.
It would allow 22 million Americans to chose not to have coverage
It would "allow" 22M working poor to choose between eating or buying coverage. Also, preexisting conditions would mean unaffordable premiums
I got Obamacare, I don't want it, I'm one of the 22 million, and sorry I don' t consider myself poor.
What will you do if you need expensive medical care? (What if you develop cancer, etc.?) Go without, it sounds like? That's short-sighted.
Have you ever heard of catastrophic insurance, it didn't use to be against the law to purchase, it is now.  (We live in America?).
Look, there is HR 676 for single payer. The drafting all done. Let's fix ACA until it is that.
Socialism sucks so do open boarders so do taxes to pay big Gov so they can redistribute to big biz and why are our Rep's all millionaire's?
Exactly. Someone tell conservatives that their good buddies, the Russians, like the word "Socialism." GOP needs to admit Putin hates us & 
Well aware, Ocare and single payer is a bigger threat than a country with the GDP smaller than California about the same size as Italy.
How can that be when only 11 million are covered?
Guess you have to be able to comprehend the scope of this before it will make sense. Get crayons and coloring book, let the adults handle
Do we have to be educated on this and read the bill or are we just required to agree?
That's more of our #LiberalLiesMatter more than reality but we DemoRats BELIEVE #FakeNews and manipulated data is truthful
There aren't 22 million on Obama care so where does that figure come from?
Those supporting this shldb considered traitors of the ppl of the USA. It's counter 2 life, liberty, & pursuit of happiness 4 all!
Really? Bc I have to pay $7000 more annually with less coverage than I had before
Then ur most likely going 2 absolutely hate the proposed bill 4 healthcare! Rates will soar w/o any requirement of cov at all!
Repeal completely and let me go back to the perfect policy that i had 7 years ago.
Lmao!
"Immoral"? Millions of DEAD BABIES is "IMMORAL".DUH.Please wake up.
Yes - it's immoral.  Many of us support Health Care for All!

They're fascists. They don't care about immoral. Mass peaceful civic action is needed, not trying to appeal to their conscience.
I dont like the Bill either. Buttttt, ACA is a mess. Middle class pay for everone to have insurance except 4 themselves. 1/2
According to the cbo, a lrg portion of them would leave voluntarily. What's the actual # that would lose it?
That's false.
cbo didnt include those that will not join in voluntarily?

I pay for people to sit at home and have ACA while i cant afford insurance for myself. ACA ruined healthcare. Face it, government fucked us
And this is where the Dems come in with a plan to fix the high costs of healthcare... unfortunately all I hear is crickets... (2/2)
Just urks me that both parties cant work together. I feel its mostley the leaders of both parties. Neither are leaders!
I agree.  Ya hear that Sen. Harris?  Provide a way forward to reduce healthcare costs for middle income Americans.
Their more concerned with which party will get the credit rather than fixing the problem
You want to screw America like you have dumbed down California. Dishonesty is not a good policy.
So what's moral about the US government ?
You can not be that stupid . Do you ignore the fact that Obamacare has and is failing. Insurance Co. leaving states and people daily.
You're misrepresenting the facts, and you know it. #mendacity
Should move to a free market concept rather than restraint
You are immoral
Ms Harris- for those of us in Ca who you represent, are you really this stupid???
Liar
You. Are. A. Liar.
Brazen lie. 22 million would _choose_ not to buy according  to CBO.
Look at report from CDC 28.4 million are without insurance now, so that means 6.4 Million more would have it. Fact
The GOP want  20 million Americans live without heathcare at the expense of well-to-do Americans a tax break
This is happening in Trump's America, the rich never pay tax and they get tax break, Trump is laughing all the way to his bank
Please draft necessary amendments to ACA to make it more effective and remove aspects that are objectionable. Some Reps might agree.
you are a liar, most of those 22M will gladly no longer be forced to overpay for crappy insurance with 5K deductables .
I heard CBO indicated 32 million. Correct me if I'm mistaken.
Have you actually read through the repeal & replace Senator, or are you tweet grandstanding, I believe it's the latter.
#resistknuckleheads
Obamacare is almost the same, leaving millions to fend for themselves. Neither Obama or Trumpcare are right targets
Oh really?  And you've published the documents... where?  Oh yea, typical politician... "BELIEVE ME".  Got it.
kamala harris, a bit dramatic even for a useless liberal windbag.But you fit right in w/j.brown,maxine,nancy.A sorry lot,pls retire asap.
Immoral, heartless and criminal.
Forget
Let them eat cake.
45 & his thugs say
Let them die
@seanhannity @billoreilly @realDonaldTrump @BBCBreaking @foxandfriends DOES THAT EXCLUDES THE SENIORS, CANCER, KILLED IN ACCIDENTS AND ALL
22 million MORE!  Everyone keeps forgetting the word MORE!
You got it
The middle class being crushed by Obama careless.  Would disagree
Now Trump proposes killing healthcare period !!!
Don't agree at all.  Those 22 million don't want that insurance
How many on social security and disability did it kill Obama Uncare didn't give a damn about them
Savage!
#MAGA Remember when you are trying to make ends meet, who put you in this situation. Or you can stop it!
THIS is the story today, not that the Orange Turnip tried to blackmail a journalist. Eye on the prize folks.
I have no idea what this is about... -a non-american
@bfrostbbn15155 Barry cancelled my Health Insurance THREE times
EVIL GOP
Kamala Harris is being sued buy an insurance company in San Diego California isn't that right Kamala stop lying to the Sheep
She has turned out to be horrible, I don't think she has upheld her promises that got her in office she's neck n neck with Brown
BTW your facts are wrong
All gov workers should be on Onocare. The complete lives system will take care of term limits
healthcare for profit is immoral period
Kamala Harris 4 2020 President!
@realDonaldTrump
They don't care 
Everything the @GOP does is immoral. #endgreedforpowerandmoney
Tax cuts with blood money. At the expense of human health.
It's also immoral to stand silent and watch you own state leaders kill single payer in California. We need sb562 now.
AND 4 million on employer health care -> priced out!
Would you consider running for POTUS in 2020? @CoryBooker would make a great running mate for you. Please. ..
Please run for president, ma'am!
I am with you, Senator. We have an immoral Republican party led by an immoral & traitorous drumpf. All of their actions must be called out.
CBO report is total fake news.  Check out analysis from Forbes today
It is inhumane and completely lacking in compassion.  It is unforgivable in one of the wealthiest nations in the world...
Ask the GOP how many lives their bill SAVES!
If we keep Obamacare there will be no health care for anyone period.
Whatever you say Vladimir.
I have retweeted your comment but your Democratic Party needs to make a strong push for 2018.
Lie. It takes away nothing. It wasn't theirs to start with. It becomes theirs if they pay for it, not when I pay for it. Can you only lie?
The coverage for the 22 million are on the backs of family's that cannot afford $12000 deductibles and monthly mortgage payments for 0 care.
Hey @realDonaldTrump  @VP   U know it's morally wrong don't you?  Or does ur money dictate ur morals
Don't think it or what's there now are good ideas. Your simplistic view of a complex issue is a also a very bad idea. #AnimalFarm (Orwell)
So are you are committing to backing a healthcare bill that guarantees universal healthcare and ensures that no one dies due to lack of it?
Agree 110%
Trump has no clue about almost everything except being President who dreams to continue his Presidency with ego & power. No war!
Now they are arguing it's only 19 million so it okay
Well to be fair, that's like 70 million less, so yeah. #TrumpMath #TrumpCare
How can you take away from 22 mil when only 14 mill signed up for the healthcare and it is failing right before our eyes
what is immoral is that we have #HealthInsurance as the only path to #healthcare
What Happened to the $2.6 Trillion Social Security Trust Fund?
Obamacare is failing.  Need tax cuts too.  Who is trying to change things?
Can someone show McConnell how to clear his voice mail apparently doesn't want to hear from Americans someone challenge him??
When the aca kicked in i lost my insurance.. had to get into a more expensive policy because of your king Barry Obama . Why? 
GOP is the Immoral Minority.
an attempted overthrow of the government of the United States is Judas
What a shame.
Maybe you should tell the truth.
And here's the deflection...
Facts are only deflection to someone if they can't handle the truth. Facts are facts.
Ok I'll bite.  CBO was off in where they would get insured.  Overall number of insured people was fairly accurate.

but we know millions of people will be uninsured.  How is uninsuring more people helpong anything?
It seems as if the changed what the founder fathers meant with "by the rich people, for the rich people, with impunity and injustice for all
@SenKamalaHarris for PRESIDENT in 2020!
100
By the way I have a crush on @SenKamalaHarris
Keep up your position on healthcare.  We apperiate your digeelance in making our country better. God bless.
Recall, Bannon at cpac,Deconstruction of administrative state.All appts.by DT, were strategically picked.Starting deflect fires everywhere.
This is simply a tax reduction for a minority of rich people...when Americans deserve health care for all.
1/4 of the pop. Should dictate People over Politics ! #Nospecialinterestdeals!
Also immoral CA dems not backing SB562. 
We the People want universal healthcare
Will you please start the discussion on a single-payer system like Australia/Germany
Wait.. so now that it's been revealed how many democratic law makers and activist r in 1%.. you switch to hating the top 0.4% ?? Idiots
Don't let the robber barons get away with stealing health 
The GOP healthcare bill would not take coverage away from 22 million for very long as many of them will die due to not getting healthcare.
Liar...no it doesn't
#wealthcare
Political disagreements are not a morality issue.
No Human Black Slavery (selling ;torturing) From 1555-2017 is immoral/In slavery what was the plan call/Lincoln or Obama torture???
Pls stop this bill.
Immoral does not do it "justice." It's simply evil to rob people of a basic human right to fill the alreadyoverflowing coffers of the rich.
#AtrocityHealthCareAct
#GOPBloodMoney
Every American knows the kochs are really the ones giving congress their marching orders,helping them stay in office in exchange for favors
Gop have Zero morality and zero empathy. Sick!
It doesn't "take away" that many. Some will choose not to have insurance. Still a problem but be straight forward about it.
WHO 2016 health system rankings: USA lower than Europe & many less rich nations file:///C:/Users/Christine/Downloads/9789241565264_eng.pdf
The power of propaganda: Working-class Americans vote to give Warren Buffett tax breaks and can't afford to pay for their children's health.
Uhmmm it won't "take away coverage" no mandate means 22 million drop insurance voluntarily
Get your numbers straight. Not even if you include Medicaid do u hit 22mil. Enrolled. Please go away.
How many people are without insurance now? How many are enrolled in the aca now?
stupid Trump !!!
Obamacare doubled the cost of insurance for young families like my daughter's. Screw you, socialists, on your BEST days you're incompetant.
It's...inhumane.
Pander to them for their votes, then rip away their health and well being. Good planning, GOP.
H'Care is broke. It's stupid trying to fix it from the top down just to satisfy lobbies. U can only fix it from the bottom up. 
Who are the 0.4%...and are THEY ok with this?? Keep fighting Kamala!!!!! @BillGates @melindagates Buffet. Zuckerberg.
Senator, let's unpack this a little. We are talking about almost $700B to the wealthiest people in America. That is a giveaway.
Americans are now governed by a bunch of goofs #stupiddonald #sad
You are such a beautiful woman, inside and out!
Why is there no competing Democrat Bill that we can support? The Dems should have one their talking about everywhere so we can choose.
Democrat Party is responsible 4 health care mess:created a non viable fraudulent Obamare designed to fail 2 then impose single payer system.
In addition CBO also predicts that in 2018 four million will have employee insurance taken away
Please know that so many of us support you and appreciate your tenacious determination to fight the corruption in Washington. Thank you!
A double amen to that!!!!
850 billion dollar taken from Medicaid....Shame on You Republicans!
Every thing this President and GOP congress is doing is immoral.
What's immoral r the people continually voting theses people back into office term after term because of fear & hate. GOP is party over 
The cost of drugs is also outrageous and a major problem! Which Members of Congess take money from Drug Company Lobbyists?
Nope.
If GOP can pay millions of $$$$$ 2 richest  people in US, there is no reason 2 rob the poor and middle class to pay for health care!
If that happens then they have to give "us" the lower tax rate they plan for the wealthy
I will RT ONLY if you say health insurance is why health care is a failure. The problem is Congress who take millions in lobby money!
@SenDeanHeller @SenCapito @SenJohnMcCain @senrobportman @SenSasse @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski @davereichert @cnn @nytimes @weareoversight
that is a bald face lie! You know it as well. Try being honest with Americans!
I certainly agree Senator Harris, and am always in support of your efforts. @Michael36776349
I agree, but the "Retweet if you agree" no matter who it's from, is highly distasteful. If a tweet has merit, it'll be retweeted w/o the ask
And how many millions will die with this changes?! Possibly me!
So let me get this straight, over 300 million Americans WILL have insurance& the bill will save 360 Billion +tax dollars in the process,wow!
They should be working on getting the drug prices lowered or buying it from Canada.  And insurance allowed to cross state lines.

Keep working Senator!
Immoral? It's UNACCEPTABLE.
So is dirty water, dirty politics, dirty mouths,  punching reporters.  
@GOP and @POTUS are UNACCEPTABLE.
Dam even Russia has a free healthcare and dental for their citizens 22 million uninsured wtf is he looking to kill American slowly but surly

@SpeakerRyan stated that 22 Million people (the pop of #Georgia AND #Ohio) just don't want #HealthInsurance.  Do you? 
RT/Cmnt thoughts
Immoral is the word.
BEYOND IMMORAL. Its anti-Human.

.@SenKamalaHarris as always, issue is more subtle and complex than that. Both ACA and AHCA lack any scheme to actually reduce tx costs.
Retweeting a tweet is not gonna make that stupid bill vanish.
Nice try.
@laurilove It's even more immoral to forcibly take money from the top 0.4% in order to pay for our healthcare.
I am a pre-existing condition.
This Is not a health care bill.  It's a death bill. #Trumpcare is just another tax cut for the rich in the backs of the most vulnerable
Only 17% of Americans like GOP bill,but GOP "must" pass to appease base. So 83% of USA must accept crappy bill to appease 17%? Democracy?
Republican Insurance Plan = R.I.P.
#Trumpcare is #Wealthcare 
#saveACA b/c ripping away care from 22 millions Americans is IMMORAL
Agree
