Why
Can't 
I
Like
This
More 
Times??!!!!!!!

Lol
 my Senator! I voted for her! She's amazing
You are very very lucky to have a young smart compassionate Senator
She's the best! I also have Schiff as my rep
Lol... I'm starting to hate you :(
Ahhh cmon! She can be everyone's! I'll share!
Lol... she can of she runs in 2020!
True, but she's a resistance Senator! That's nearly all of America 
Well that was a waste you were rude and wouldn't let him answer typical politician frm both sides just Grandstanding.   Sad you don't care
We saw differently  I didn't look at it thru lens of belief/party as I condemned both sides I looked did it give me better understanding
You were disrespectful to an honorable man who has made more sacrifices than you could imagine!  Shut up and quit pretending to be patriotic
@CHIRLA Kamala Harris is a compromised woman to the point that it should warrant an FBI investigation into her past actions
Da Fuq?
I was seriously just sitting here & first thought is, "Whatcha smoking?" Harris is an outstanding representative.
Harris is what happens when you vote for liberal tokenism over quality. She doesn't have the intellect for that job.
She surely isn't the intellectual giant 45 is.
You were rude and obnoxious.
Deportations are for public safety for Americans.
Priorities, #priorities... but #Trump is NEW at THIS! @SpeakerRyan
Need doing your job and reprimand this clown the next time he gets out of line.
Veterans over the illegals
u go girl
You are one tough cookie senator! I'm glad you're on our side…
#ImpeachTrumpNOW 
#TheResistance

How about asking the question part

AFTER 

you give the answer you are wanting to hear?

You're not Perry Mason
@SenKamalaHarris You can do all the questioning you want! You will never be any good as a Senator, don't have California in best interest!
@SenKamalaHarris You are a very bad person on our immigration in California! Sanctuary Cities suck as you do!
Don't let any of these GOPers tell u what's good for USA. Ca 6th largest economy & all GOP states poverty. & even Twitter in Pelosi's SF!
Your buried in debt
Playing for a sound bite Senator! Not looking for solutions....sad.
She is clearly not interested in his response she is merely showboating to try to make the government look bad shame on her
SO PROUD OF YOU FOR THIS! YOU'RE A STAND UP WOMAN! My CA Senator! #SmashThePatriarchy
I wonder if he would've been as bullyish if you had been a man? Somehow I doubt it
Kamala does not tolerate filibuster answers and that seems to really bother people.
Analogy of a robber. So Hillary is your Queen? Snide remark earns you disrespect.
Senator are you old and infirm No then listen remember and rebuke. Your like an attack dog out of control your agenda seems rabid and false
Doesn't deporting criminal ILLEGAL aliens improve public safety? What's the Dem plan: lock up citizens reward ILLEGAL aliens? Wait that's it
Why do these men keep trying you sis 
Sick of hateful Senator's wasting America's money! Most of the @SENATEDEMS & @SENATEGOP are self-absorbed self-righteous & self-serving

Woman shut your mouth for a damn second and allow the man to answer! Couldn't hear over your bravado.
Please run for president in 2020
Deportations lead to public safety.
Just goes to show there arrogance and hatred for anyone in the Trump adminstration.
Wow. Very sad that you have been treated this way. Scorned men I assume.
Now lets see, you want the FEDs to give CA money to protect them from terrorists that you want to give sanctuary.  Am I missing something?
You posted this video of yourself being unprofessional & disrespectful as if that is something to be proud of.  #narcissisticabuse
I would have told your rude ass if you cut me off one more time I will not answer any more of your questions!
Prioritizes deportations provides better public safety
You,  senator,  are rude and disrespectful... you should be embarrassed by your behavior.  Treat others how you wish to be treated...
Are you proud of yourself in this video?  Seriously? You look like a fool! Trying to berate Secretary #Kelly.  You had no respect for him.
I wouldnt brag about being a left wing douche with elections on the way
Hang tough!!
Unbearable to watch when KH snaps & disrespects! Typical
obnoxious behavior! She's asking the questions but yet doesn't
let him answer,YUCK!
Ini mini mino more ..Which one has to Go!
That's what I'm talking about! Hold their feet to the fire. Thank you @SenKamalaHarris
Love you! Keep fighting the good fight.
Check and mate...#handled  #whentheearringscomeoff
Kamala Harris needs manners 101
You were doing the right thing.
Just a heads-up, @OurVoiceUSA...she criticized progressives for having a purity test and failed to prosecute Steve Mnuchin.
Your treatment/lack of decorum towards Sec Kelly was despicable.He is a retired general,decorated combat veteran who deserves your respect!
Fraud wimp,
Deporting illegals is a major contribution to public safety, you (D)imocRAT nitwit.
What a disgraceful POS
Lets investigate you corrupt Democrats especially Crooked Hillary! She sold uranium to Russia and Podesta is a Russian agent! He got paid! 
She's trying to make a name for herself. #Epicfail
You are such a rude B#@&h! Hard to believe you actually posted this debacle!  Being a rude t@#t is a badge of honor in the Democrat world?
Rude. Disrespectful come to mind when I listen to u. Amazed u are a senator.
You questioned him and didn't let him answer. Just like the other hearing. There's a pattern there....
You're awesome. Thank you. 
@andylassner @Amy_Siskind Eric Trump is just as delusional as his father.
#Epic - This is how we do our JOBS! @SenateMajLdr @MaddowBlog @Lawrence @JoyVBehar  @JoyAnnReid  @MaxineWaters
You-once again proved how much liberals are the enemy of everything good!!
First time I have the chance to hear you ! Oh these old men hate being questioned by a woman... who's intelligent get em!
We must vote this woman out. Her disrespect for the other members is appalling
Deportations are a matter of public safety!!!  So stop with with your partisan anti-America and childish Anti-Trump BS...
#maga #fakenews #CNNisFakenews 

You got shut down.....chump
Your fierceness inspires me.  I'm so happy you represent me, @KamalaHarris. TYSM for your intelligence, strength & commitment to justice.
Hillary lost. Yes she did.
If you ask a question you should be curtious enough to listen to answer, deportations should not be questioned when persons are ILLEGALS!!!!
You set women back 50 years, there's nothing empowering about womanspaining, abrasiveness, rudeness or being a snot!
Self absorbed & full of herself!  #WitchHunt  Only important in her own mind!
#Resistance We are with you. 
Deportations ARE public safety you nit wit marxist.
You do not let him answer and you are rude.
You didn't really question. You set up answers you wanted. When you didn't get them you interrupted Kelly. Repeatedly. Ur a phony hypocrite.
Straight answer to what? More like prosecutorial badgering in a investigation hearing. FAIL!!!
All I saw was a woman who was rude and interrupted every time the man tried to answer you wth? I wanted to hear his answer
What answer? He sounded like a broken record.
Deportations ARE public safety, you loon.
Your broke
Just more grandstanding. If you really wanted an answer and weren't just spouting pro-illegal propaganda, you would have let him answer.
I want you to know  I appreciate your dedication to our country and the job you are doing under the conditions in D.C. now.
And you made yourself look like a clown.  Congrats.
Saw that today. She sure did!
You're unhinged! The deportations make the public more safe! A senator and you're this clueless? Sad to see your Russia hoax collapsing?
Senator you are an embarrassment to ALL Californians! Show some respect to a man who richly deserves it!
These people just refuse to answer a question ! Yes or no ! How would this go if a regular citizen talked around answers in court
keep it up
Disrespectful questioning. I'm embarrassed for her.  He deserves respect & the opportunity to answer questions!  #MAGA
Bloviator in chief discharge immediately shes rude disrespectful to heroes and media hound totally unqualified!!
Kicking ass and taking names!
Thank you Senator Harris.

And you're promoting it? ...Everyone on twitter is laughing and disgusted with u
You are really impressed with yourself huh Kaballa
You prioritize illegals over citizens, who gets to question you? 

#Kamal4Prison
Thank goodness you are our Senator!
You were tough today Senator Harris. Keep chipping away. #TheTruthWillComeOut #TheResistanceAreHeroes
You are a condescending, rude, crude and sociably unacceptable witch. But then that's what we've come to expect from liberals. U NEED to GO
Love you @KamalaHarris ! That's how you do your job!!! 
U badgered the man repeatedly for ur own self-aggrandizement. U are an embarrassment to humanity. Wondering if you smoke....if not START!
BAM 

& that ladies & gents is how it's DONE ..U handled them, took control ,& demanded answers No pivoting on KH!
Uh, deporting criminals is part of public safety.
I wish we could simply send the illegal aliens to your neighborhood
Crude and rude, dear. Thank God I don't have to feel shame for my party reps, since I #Demexited last year. No ice cream for you!
Totally disrespectful. Gen Kelly has given greatly to this country...you nada. Your bullying is petty and makes you look very small. #clown
You have trouble understanding the Constitution huh? What part of ILLEGAL don't you understand. Illegals are a public safety hazard. Period.
With all "DUE" respect, you wasted this good man's time with your grandstanding.
Well arent you a big girl! He deserves respect!
How can u b elected by this great country?Intellect? Accomplishment? Being there @the Senate is a privilege,it's an honor.What has happened?
Yes we heard. YOU WERE ASKING THE QUESTIONS!!!!!! What a snot you are. Obviously you think you're better than you really are.
How do you know if he was being responsive? You cut him off at every turn. Shameful performance, Senator.
Yes and @SenatorBurr had to mansplain for you. Of course.
LOL because truth can be so funny. I thought Burr might be upright but he's just another Republican. Worthless & feckless.
Give me a break! You aren't concerned about public safety! You are only concerned about lining your pockets on the way up the ladder!
After watching this, are you proud or yourself? You are the rudest person I have every seen!
I wish you could be deported, now that would make America great again!

What stupid vacuous CA rep you are You should be fired for stupidity  HOW are deportations NOT for Public Safety? WHO voted this in?
You're EMBARASSING...
Disrespectful garbage wearing pearls. You aren't fit to whipe General Kelly's shoes. You will never be Potus.
And you MOST disrespectfully interupted him numerous times but then again thats to be expected of liberal democRats like yourself LMFAO@U
Try staying on topic, seems you have a hard time with staying on topic, great grandstanding, junk rhetoric! U r a waste of money and time!
Wow, what a disrespectful showing today @SenKamalaHarris. Most people without an agenda know that deportations and safety go hand in hand
He was wrong for speaking slowly and not getting to the point. She was wrong for interrupting and not condensing it for him.
You made a fool of yourself not letting the Sec answer can't wait to do that to Susan Rice
Perhaps the best example of partisan domestic terrorism and repression. Awful person. Thank God shes in Cali
Now, that's how you do it....  DiVa  thank you.
You advocate for lawlessness by encouraging illegal aliens to break the laws of our country. Take your arrogance down a notch or two.
She's arrogant and rude. And she got put in her place today by the senate chairman.
THANKS FOR DERAILING THE TALKS TODAY WITH YOUR IDIOCY #SICKSOCIETY
These hearings aren't about you. You are not superior to these men. Your behavior is horrid
And those men are not Superior to her or any other women. Know that.
Great job, thank you for your commitment to getting to the truth, grateful for your hard work and patience. Loved "Is that a no?" LOL Kudos!
As a lifelong Californian you are an embarrassment to this state
The democrats are so vile, rude, and hateful. #Disgrace
he is the POTUS. You are a Senator.He is not “Trump” to you. He should be called “PRESIDENT TRUMP”. U r very disrespectful
great work, keep it up, we are so proud of you!
"WhatEVER they're Compforatable with"? What kind of a answer is that? NOthing Answer! He doesnt KNOW WHAT his job is OBVIOUSLY!
Pretty disrespectful to treat a decorated General that way.. why do libs hate the military so much 
Deportations WILL LEAD TO PUBLIC SAFETY
Kamala Harris,putting on serious pounds. Getting fat living the life while disrespecting a man that has given so much.
From your monologue, I got the following: You're an obnoxious & rude grandstander playing to an audience that is under-informed. #Politihack
