Give a Green Card to the parents of citizen children! #FairImmigration
another Lib who proposes another way to reward people for breaking the law.
I admit that poses a dilemma. However, the US used to have "Free immigration" (as on the Statue of Liberty). Restricting visas is politics.
we also had controlled immigration so it did not become a burden to the citizens & communities of this country
we don't need to separate families, send them all back and keep them together
KH, you're assuming 45 and his cronies have a conscience like you do. Not so. They don't give a damn about immigrant kids.
They care only for themselves.
They're sociopaths. 45, Ryan, Sessions etc
I agree. Ryan acts like it more than the others. Are there different degrees of sociopathy?
some are worse than others--some more obvious.
I think Ryan is frighteningly obvious. I also think it's frightening that people vote for him.
Not to mention voting for trump. Yep, agree re: Ryan. Awful man.
I think many Trump voters are leaving the dark side & joining us.
Oh they've thought it through. They've asked: "What will cause the most harm?" Then said, " Let's go with that."
@Steve_Jake 
It's that they don't care. Empathy is foreign to them.
Seems that way. Unless they can use it to damage democrats, or it's about abortion, they have no empathy.
They r here illegally,  the parents fault. It is a crime. If u rob a bank parent goes to jail and leaves behind their kids
One way for that not to happen is for the parents to make the right choice and not violate American laws?
Trump has a heart of stone. Impeach him. Collision with Russia. where is his tax return? Conflict of interest with hisbrand
@BarbB0925 Good luck with that, this admin is all about fear and division. Pathetic ppl buy into their ridiculousness
I'm with you Kamala, we should deport the kids with the Parents and keep Families together.
it's more than wrong it's immoral.
ENFORCE THE LAWS, period
Our foster system ia already so overwhelmed. How can anyone think this is a good idea?
I agree. State sanctioned child abuse.
Reminds me of WWII roundups & concentration camps in Germany. What have we come to in the U.S.? How can this be happening?
thank you so much for your articulate compassion. i am honored to call you my senator.
They don't care
Powerful,empathetic, and factual comments which means nothing to 45's cronies...but bless you for trying.
do they ever do pro con or cost benefit qualitative quantitative analysis?
cruel arent they? They are so pro life anti abortion but the first that wants war and death penalty nor do they respect fem
my senator is from cali, hot, and actually has a heart and brain Kamala always gets it!
kamala's got a way to get into your guts this choked me up and she's fine! proud of my senator she reps goood
keep asking those questions.
Wrong? It's unfathomable, incomprehensible, abysmal, inhumane and criminal. In words Trump would understand-VERY, VERY BAD!
- bring in the rail cars too - said no sane person ever. Has history given us no lessons.  #resist
Unfortunately I think they have thought it through and just don't care. #TrumpHates
that slave master mentality doesn't care. poverty is a crime to them
REPUBLICAN WRONGS NEVER MAKE A RIGHT .
Our soldiers are separate from their children, sometimes for years. It's not ideal but at times it's necessary.
@Donnaphoto They don't care.
Whose separating American kids from their American parents?
there is the question that if any parent is arrested for illegal activity they too would be separated from their children.
True but it's not a valid argument. Talking about something that appears similar but is very different.
Are you (pun alert) kidding? They know exactly what that means. It's a foolish gamble on punitive effect.
Pure end justifies means here. They think this will slow down attempts to immigrate. They're likely wrong.
Awesome Senator Harris. You are my hero!
@RCcroca145 This administration is all about DIVISION We need INCLUSION  not DIVISION .IMPEACH trump now.before is too late
Republicans have no reason to impeach trump so they won't do it.
Beautifully state Senator. Proud to have you representing us!
This administration does not care. They have zero compassion.
GOP confuses cruelty & abuse with power & control. They think that the more cruel & abusive they are, the more "powerful."
And, sadly, the Trump base eats it up. Trump/GOP more than happy to be conduits for ill-informed voter anger.
They live with a sense of entitlement.  Knowing that none of this would effect them directly.  Sociopathic.
Why not blame the inconsiderate parents? They are the ones who BROKE THE LAW. Stop pandering. I'm sick of your PC rubbish.
Thanks @SenKamalaHarris. This is a cruel, malicious admin on many issues:workplace safety, healthcare, clean air & water.  Must stop @potus!
that is true. The children should go with the parents.
you're amazing. I hope you run in 2020!
This all goes back to Draconian Anti-Family 1996 Immigration Laws. Find sympathetic GOP senators & pass immigration reform
excellent
They consider any non-white skinned person less than human, say 3/5 of a person...sound familiar?
no they consider a criminal a criminal.There is nothing to keep them from taking their children with them.
#impeachment
Why is it the fault of the government instead of the parents? They need to take responsibility for the decisions they made.
It's also unbiblical.
Interested to hear which verses you're talking about. You might even change my mind! 
Exo 23:19, Lev 19:33-34, Deut 24:17, Eze: 47:22, Jer 7:5-7, Zech 7:9-10, to name a few. 
Ok. Thanks. I'll take a peak!
Why would Trump reconsider? He separated himself from kids by sending them off to boarding schools.
Is he capable of caring about anything or anyone aside from himself?
I'm glad there are some in congress who still have a firm understanding of empathy & humanity. Excellent question Kamala.
too hard on children.  As child protection worker before retired, learned separation damaging to kids even in best interest
I still don't see how it's in our best interest.
just terminology for children who need protective care.  Everything has to be in best interest of child.
Will you run in 2020?
No, they've thought it through. They just don't give a damn.
Put you staff onto Flores v Reno.  A USSC case regarding the treatment of juveniles in CBP custody.  Maybe useful to you.
Sorry Reno v Flores ,507 U.S. 292 (1993)
they thought it through, they just don't care...Rubio, any comment?
BINGO!
Sorry KH I think the administration has thought this through and doing it anyway. Barbaric
causing the most harm to the least powerful is Trump's ultimate pleasure in life
Oh, I think they have, and they are happy they're doing it.
Wrong?  Twisting a fact is wrong. This is the most heinous immoral cruel inhumane Nazi camp level brutality. Just the idea!
Agreed.
#NoOneStandsAlone
RT!!! Amen Senator Harris!! This woman is so vital right now. God Bless her !! Hope she'll be in the Oval Office soon
@GOP This admin doesn't care about immigrants at all, not even the children!
2020!!!
keep it up!
they thought through it. They just don't care.
