Convene a congressional committee to investigate Alt-right and Nazi groups infiltrating our government!
Who are you going to put in charge of this investigation? Sessions? Miller ?Bannon?
How about a Constitutional lawyer who used to be in Congress? I think Barack Obama could head a large team. He's had executive experience.
She's Presidential. #2020
She shouldn't be a US Senator with her lack of understanding of the issues. President is way out of her ballpark.
She has the knowledge, she has the heart. Look at @BarackObama .
The KKK began as a left hate group after the republicans ended slavery, are you that ignorant?
They then switched parties and sides after LBJ signed Civil Rights.Proving that the racism ties were stronger than party.
Is that what your liberal history teacher bottle fed you?  Shameful ppl cant think and figure things out on their own
No..lived thru that period of life..didnt need a guide.They were called Dixiecrats, LBJ said they would never vote Dem again after the bill.
O wow so you bust be almost 160 years old since you lived thru slavery, thats remarkable
Not thru slavery..just Civil Rights Movement in 1960s.And Womens Movement.Also lived thu Nixons downfall in WH..another GOP crook.
Speaking of crooks, its a good thing Hillary lost, she showed her true colors election nite, left her supporters crying alone at her HQ
Much love Senator Harris.   Well said.
There are many sides. Many sides of hate, many sides of tolerance, many sides of love. And always as I was taught two sides to every story.
With respect though one side  on condemning nazism
More then Nazi's involved here, no?
Let's start there.
So true.
There was no peaceful protest when those attending fly violent banners and use hateful words.
That was No peaceful protest
Supreme Court has ruled that hateful words are protected speech.
Yeah but running people down with cars isn't. Trump supporting Nazis can't hide their violent anti-American extremism behind 1st Amendment
You do realize the ACLU is defending the protestors?? BLM can assemble also, if you attack someone you can defend yourself.
 "And Those Who Cause Violence In Its name Are Criminals And Thugs, Including The K.K.K., Neo-Nazis, White Supremacists" @POTUS 


.@CNN reporter gets owned by a Trump supporter. 
#AntifaTerrorist that is all they are!
White Supremacists, Nazi's, Commies, Antifa are all basically on the same side, the side of hate and violence.
HOW ABOUT BOTH SIDES TOO...BLM,ANTIFA AND SURE KKK.
WE THE PEOPLE WANT TO GO TO THE BOTTOM OF THIS. WHO PAID THOSE GROUPS?
You can gain credibility if you condemn the Antifa and BLM violence. Violence is ok if its "good" violence, right? Domestic terrorists.
we need to outlaw nazi symbols, gestures and attitudes..
 as do the Germans
today's date is March 18, 1934
The kkk, nazis, skinheads...ect need to be declared terrorist organizations. The kkk is the nations oldest terror organization.
What are your thoughts on this?
Many sides YES! the #Democrats, #BLM, #Antifa & #Supremacist Who is still out & about causing trouble & destruction Democrats, Antifa, BLM
Trump in a short time of his Presidency has caused such chaos & hatred he's managed to divide us we can't allow this we must stand together
We need to address and correct the ills of this society before we can stand together holding hands.
There are two sides - the right & the wrong. So many currently willing to go down on the wrong side of history. Nazis are like cockroaches.
Why can't Kamala have the moral clarity you have?
There are ALWAYS sides to everything! There is no place for racism in our country, but also no place for so much violence. Condemn antifa 2!
There ARE many sides to this
Not only one group is important here
While you're focused on an antiquated grp, msm is running your show.
As an #American #citizen #California resident, I am requesting an Amendment to the Constitution. TY, Senator! #Nazi
!#AMEND1STAMENDMENT! France+Germany prohibit public display of #Nazi symbols/swastika/SS logo, except4 historical purposes #neonazi #Impeach 
Denounce Antifa, prosecute the southern California organization "Crowds on Demand" for paying for violence.
Kamala saying peaceful protesters you show support for Antifa & racist Democrats. @realDonaldTrump & real Americans will take country back
A reminder: The Trump/Pence admin brings together White Supremacists and Evangelical Christians #Charlottesville
Anyone who supports this, doesn't get to call themself a #patriot, or an #American for that matter. #PutinsPayroll
There is only one side to blame, and that side is hate.
As with Trump's message this is too vague.  It is bigots, white supremacists, and Nazis who facilitate, perpetrate, and perpetuate violence.
Apparently leaders like her can't make a purely moral argument against nazis. Instead, mere word games.
Well said..no there are NOT many sides to this.We cannot ignore racism any longer..it won't let us.It needs to be addressed & stamped out.
Trump hired Nazis & White Supremists for his own admin. They are  still there. Trump supports them by keeping them on staff.

Kamala- Trump is dividing country- there's so much hate- he's sick and unfit for job- leaders in country's capital must work to get him out
This is all true, Senator--but once again Dems focused on Identity Politics, which is a political win for GOP. Better Deal already forgotten
Funny, the left & their media never talk about which groups Trump has actually met with, yet try 2 tie him 2 groups he's never met.
Exactly!
No actual skin in US game (CDN), but you need run in '20 for the sake of your nation and it's place in the world. Keep up great work.
2 more weeks & #Berkeley will be under siege by these visions of hate- hopefully civil unrest will be kept to a minimum.
The only good thing is you will not be able to "lock, load & carry" in California. Otherwise it could be the same.
Multi-antagonist setting too and an insufficiently prepared city and state. DEU has a zero tolerance constitution for Nazi legacy - adopt.
When are you going to update me on your cohort's threats to murder me Kamala @SenKamalaHarris?  cc: @jeffsessions @TheJusticeDept @FBI
The so called leader of the U.S.A.  is inept , a white supremacist,  extremely mentally ill and  should  be impeached now.
Agreed. Thank you for stating this so well! Silence = Consent.
thank you!  that's what I said yesterday - there are no "many sides"  there is right and wrong, good and evil. it's not hard to figure out.
You have more moral clarity than Kamala "vague language" Harris.
Why don't you actually take a definable stance? Why not just say there are two sides, the pro-nazi and anti-nazi? #coward
The "many sides" add-in was not in the script. It made no sense. It was his dog whistle to his *friends*. Proof=KKK was happy w/speech.
KKK are not rational people you do realize?
https://twitter.com/Agency10Kumar/status/892738848345567232 …
Hatred has many sides and many faces!
All hatred is immorally equal. It doesn't matter where it comes from. All hatred should be denounced not just groups you don't like.
The Constitution allows free association. You or I don't get to pick who.
oh yea cuz counter protestors with bats, knives, masked faces and bottles of urine is ok ;)
#AltLeft
If you are a Democrat, then it means you cannot be a racist or anti-Semite. Only Trump can. Is that your point?
Since you elected as sf AG, this kind of violence targeting Asian women never stops & you never said a word
Thirty million illegals and your worried about 300 klansman. Nice priorities
Our three branches of gov't are decisively dividing our country with hateful rhetoric daily. Sadly Party first. Call ur Senator/PASS Tax/HC!
When Maxine Waters is the new democratic spokesperson, u have lost.. A party of hate, anger, inhumane, intolerant, vile people
Fascists in Nazi Germany came to power when their violent actions against those having different views were condoned.  Protect free speech.
Sen Harris, you are blinded by politics.  Only in a communist country would gov't officials condone end of free speech.  You should resign.
@realDonaldTrump @jeffsessions FORGOT THE ONE MAIN GROUP OF OBAMA INFILTRATED TERRORISTS CALLED BLM WHO CARE NOTHING ABOUT ANYONE BUT SELF!!
Taxpayers demand removal of Sen Maria Chapplle.  Congress member cannot call for assassination of Pres, with impunity.  This is hate too!
FACT 1) DEMOCRATS PROMOTE VIOLENCE AGAINST T/POTUS
The above is the main problem in our country & we must have a conversation abt Dem Hate
Dems are not the party that freed slaves, Republicans did!  Stop the untrue maligning of Pres Trump.  Stop fanning flames over party losses.
Fact 1) Racist  KKK & WS HATE
Fact 2) Antifa Left HATE
Fact 3) Black Lives Matter HATE
Fact 4) Democrats HATE POTUS
Fact 5) Above R PROBLEMS
The irresponsible, untrue rhetoric that here is a racist in the WH is criminal.  The bloodshed that follows this lie is on your head!
Check out @DiamondandSilk's Tweet:
TBOS15: @DiamondandSilk couldn't hold back.  It was time for all of them to go into the bowl this week.  Re-Tweet, Re-Tweet, Re-Tweet... 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist http://youtu.be/e8nTVdlO7O0?a   .@STEPHMHAMILL on Trump disavowing racists
It's people like you supporting the violence of Antifa, Blm that harm society. Trump condemned but you fan the flame of violence by denial
Please impeach
Your answer is so straight forward without ambiguity

I HOPE this doesn't harm your political career LOL

#hopingthingsgetbettersoon!
Are you going to disavow  Chappelle-Nadal? Your silence condones her statement. #hypocrite #AltLeft #ChappelleNadal
Well stated Senator Harris!
Nice spin job. who had the permit to be there? It wasn't black lives matter or SOROS thugs. Girl is sad but shouldn't have been there. LIAR!
Not quite so black and white, Senator Harris.
Why didn't you mention #Antifa ?
There are many sides in this world these days.
Indonesia?? Of all places?? You know it. Think...1962?? hmmm...Himalayas. hmmm..
We are infiltrated. You know that. There are many sides. hmmm...Guan YU??
There are many sides. Just look! I am a Democrat.
I lived another culture. Too many US politicians have NOT! But, I think Sen Kamala Harris is the best choice for 2020.
Unfortunately, I think there are many, many sides. You the politicians know this!! YOU KNOW IT!
We need to get Kamala to end this bigoted period in our county's move towards progress #resist this #fascist president is not going to last
we need you to make clear, that policy is more important than statues
Please push for 25th amendment. Nazi sympathizer in the White House with his white nationalist cohorts are willfully dividing the nation.
we need more warriors like you.  #ImpeachTrumpNow  he is a danger to our nation
You do know that Georges Soros is a Jew that hates his own Jews too right?
Antifa is in the same category.. p.eezeee
Free speech, even by disgusting people, is protected by Constitution.  Neo-Nazis were permitted.  The protesters were not.  Blame for both.
The responsibility for the deteriorating race relations in this country fall on police shootings, Obama, the media, and now Trump as well.
Do you believe @realDonaldTrump will address his lie that the counterprotesters had no permits?
The only side that can save this world, is called LOVE
keep it up I know they ( not sure who ) will not silence you mlburns
Condemnation is insufficient. Trump must be REMOVED. YOu must lead this effort! #ImpeachTrump
Congress needs to move forward with removing this maniac from office immediately before more are killed. He is unfit for office! #impeach
How bout the commie alt-left ANTIFA who wear masks, hate cops, burn American flags, carry soviet flags, burn property and attack free speech
I could not have said it any better myself. Unfortunately, Trump is unable to grasp the gravity of his words...
Will you denounce Antifa or will Soros not let you?
Amazing to see so many Kamala brown noses over a Twit  !
A call for impeachment is necessary- Trump doesn't represent all of Americans- he's a racist
Oh so Antifa doesn't exist or BLM. please we know better.
When are you going to update me on your cohort's threats to murder me Kamala @SenKamalaHarris?  cc: @jeffsessions @TheJusticeDept @FBI
Yeah there are two side radicalized alt right and radicalized alt left. You are being delusional with the narrative.
You are absolutely correct there is only one side here #ImpeachTrump

Black people who were never slaves fighting white people who were never Nazis over a statue erected by Democrats. This is Trump's fault how?
And with his racist rants & propaganda, we have a name which caused the three deaths --Donald J. Trump.
He needs to resign now.
blah blah blah
Please continue to stand up for CA and what is right
ACLU disagrees with you
https://longroom.com/discussion/628910/aclu-burns-kamala-harris-after-her-ignorant-many-sides-in-charlottesville-note …
The left n @SenKamalaHarris r so stupid.They have been saying the same things for 7yrs well guess what Identity politics doesnt work anymore
But by all means DON"T stop, I will have to explain to my grandkids in a few yrs what a DEMOCRAT was. Keep up the good work dee dee dee
Let's see, white supremacist/ KKK, BLM, ANTIFA, all created and orchestrated by the democrats and blamed on the right, hell, you're right.
White Supremacists USED C'VIlle because of its liberal population, UVA & peaceful nature to further their agenda of violence & hate.
@RealMuckmaker Only 2 sides. A lawful side and a criminal side - and it's easy to say which is which.
Your lies are unraveling
Right, just the one side. Had blm respected the legal protest, no violence would have occurred. Only 1 side was violent, the bom side.
blm
Too many..
Um, what about antifa? You know, that Soros backed group that goes around the country starting riots. Yeah, don't forget to mention them.
WHY WONT YOU DENOUNCE ANTIFA?? THEY WERE THERE TOO.
Antifa and BLM were there causing violence as well! there are many sides. If you had a clue you would KNOW THIS.
#Charlottesville is not a clash between "many sides".  #Charlottesville is a clash between good and evil.
So you support Antifa and BLM. How about you start abiding by the constitution?
@realDonaldTrump there actions will have consquences, we will not continue to sit by this is not 1950's. Mark my words WH follies with fire.
@realDonaldTrump to the loss lives I weep, this was an act of terrorism. This act should be treated as such, but racists in WH r waging war
Blessings to you and yours, my good Senator. Thank you for your courage.
A woman died. Trump has not said her name. He has not rejected unite the right endorsement. He is #complicit #resist
Thank you for speaking out. I agree, there was ONE side, the hateful.
@RealMuckmaker There are two sides: right v wrong or  good v evil.  The Nazis are America's enemy as are "Confederates."
Thank you for this statement!
Please continue your task. You are strong and wise. Trump has to go; please.
Would you retweet your criticism of Prez Obama's comments about not rushing to judgement on the BLM supporter who shot 5 Dallas Officers?
#ImpeachTrump
Interesting how you condone violence and violent behavior by your silence regarding Antifa and Black Lives Matter thugs.  Sleep well?
Let Big Mike do it !
Senator Harris, Thank you for standing up to injustice, untruths, and for protecting those who remain voiceless.
#justiceforHeather #Charlottesville
The idea of equal individual rights unites us. Group ideas like black rights, women's rights, LGBT rights, etc. divide us.
So...In this state of opposite sides, we need a champion! YOU! It's early, but 2020 will be here SOON! Run Kamala, Run!!!

free speech works both ways.  all they had to do was stay home.

Brilliant.  Thank you!
You could not be more wrong! Condemn Antifa and BLM now
Yes. There is. Antifa & BLM attacked Alt-right first. Watch some videos of other's view points other than just your biased views.
Antifa and BLM are the other side. Throw in some Muslim Brotherhood and CAIR and we have a whole host of terrorists organizations
They should ALL be added to a domestic terrorist list for our country. ANYONE getting caught rioting should be arrested & NO excuses. #MAGA
And what exactly did you/democratic say/do when Trump supporters who were assaulted in California cities? Your silence was deafening!
You must have forgotten about the Antifa and BLM thugs that were beating ppl over the head with sticks and clubs. MANY SIDES TO THIS.
Can we get a comment on what was taken place in Seattle this weekend please?
We need you in the White House!
Yeah, when it comes to Nazis there are few shades of gray. There's good and there's evil.
Why haven't you and other democrats condemned ANTIFA, who's violence in their protests leaves and breeds more violence.
I in fact don't see th many sides to th ,either, only white supremacist has been th downfall to our nation since th beginning of its #Time ☆
We are all in agreement as to what is decent. We, together, will build a future absent of such abhorrent behavior. Resist war. Receive light
So are you saying antifa and blm are innocent? There's the other side. Condemn them for their hatred! Hypocrite!
@LESTERJ205
There is violence on all sides..violence in Portland, other cities during marches by Soros paid goons.
True he's n embarrassment 2 d US n needs to go pass d WH straight 2 Russia who rigged d election
We did not get your thoughts in San Francisco when Mario Woods and others were murdered here. The snake has 2 heads...urs is 1 of them
Everything that happened after that was the illeagl part of this mesd!The petitioners should have been protected!Evan if you don't like them
Will you condemn violence on the left as well? If so, reply.
Hey lady, the folk you talk about in your sappy letter had a damn permit to convene and say any damn thing they wanted! That's democracy!!!!
So Antifa and BLM get a pass?  They should not be condemned?
Crickets from @SenKamalaHarris...
One side: white supremacists.

Second side: violent Antifa.

Sounds like more than one side to me & both are abhorrent.
White supremacists are not a large voting block but they are Trump supporters.  They are a voting block, Trump does not want to lose them.
One side, I'm don't support, had legal permission to be there.
Conveniently left out the Antifa Nazis and the BLM Racists.Would violence have occurred without the aforementioned provoking it? I think not
Victory can only be achieved if the person at the top demands "Enough."
By this you prove your lack of leadership. This is pathetic you give the left a pass encouraging them to further violence. Leader right!
If there are "many sides" they still all condemn the one.

45 is on the wrong side.
Thank you Kamala Harris, this is what true leadership looks like. Thank you for naming it!
So you will give the left a pass on their violence? You are not a leader Kami. You are a line toting & pandering pathetic excuse for a Sena
