But no legislator should be allowed to be horrified on a Saturday and then vote to drag America backward on a Monday.
You're a racist, Kamala.  Heard you talk, same ol division and race baiting.  America is SICK OF IT.  Been there, done that.
@msnbc @JoyAnnReid  Its sad that this POTUS has embolden these hate groups 2 spew their hatred & voilence! He supports & hires sympathizers!
Oh we must have forgotten the terrorist group BLM then and how Obama tried to turn our own police into the bad guys. Smh #getreal
Racist always seem to respond to these comments as to once again divert the reality of these hate groups! The truth, Trump is a racist!
Nobody is diverting the reality of hate groups. How can you act like this is different than how Obama treated BLM? Doubt u spoke up then
Hold their feet to the fire, Kamala! You might be a junior senator, but you are senior in leading the charge for US equality & justice!
Hahaha...she is a keyboard warrior. Nothing else
In other words, she's far more accomplished than you'll ever be.
She's done more than just that .
Let's start with her bipartisan bill with Rand Paul.  Have you not heard of it?

Yeah that's pretty much the look he had as he drove the country into the ground for 8 yrs. Good riddance
Good point. If you ignore the fact that the country is doing better since he reversed the recession Bush started. But yeah cool.
So you want to look at 1 aspect? Well in that case look at the economy now that Trump is in office.  Better across the board.
According to Trump and Fox at least
They have been exporting it for decades now, but still have not cleared it from America.
Talk (tweet) is cheep!
I'm an advocate for better behavior, better language and more respect. It has to begin with each of us making an effort on a daily basis
You right
Please, consider running. We need real leadership.
She is not real leadership. She is only a Twitter hero
Ask her constituents. At least she isn't afraid to stand  4 what she(and presumably the majority of her constituency) believes.  And Trump
Absolutely! Put your body on the line and also VOTE! Don't let "them" stop you. Vote the Republicans and Blue Dog Democrats out!
realy love it,
And I, for one, will not stand idly by. #LoveTrumpsHate
He is 100% hate, get him out of office.
I don't get your point...are you saying it's easier said than done if you're a member of the Government/Senate? Hopefully not.
Truth is always easy
You're loving this. A politicians dream.
What are you saying about ANTIFA rioting there as well?! (Crickets) i guess we're choosing which terrorist groups are acceptable now. Smh
Now it is time for legislators to name the groups involved in this violence and hate to deem them as Terrorist Groups and treat as such.
This has no place on our soil if it was a black, Muslim, Trump would have a Seal Team in Charlottesville
How profound.
LOVE YOU KAMALA!
We all have to stand up, call their Senator's and Representatives and make our voices heard. Congress - Step up and Take Action
Bannon.    Miller.   Gorka    sessions. If you aren't part of the solution you are the problem
That's right. It's not enough to say what you believe. It is about how you live your life.
You're full of hate, just like everyone else on the left. You all are being exposed for what you are. HATE
To truly "Make America Great Again"  give Democrats total control over the Executive, Judicial & Legislative branches of government
I'm for the Kamala Harris ticket. Run Kamala Run!!!
It's had a place, a seat, an altar. It's had laws, policies, a blind eye. It's had the economy, the industry, and homefront for far too long
After so many years you would think that and individual person with common sense would stand against this. But America does nothing 2 them!
But he forgot to tweet that he's been instrumental in endorsing it
Much is required for us to come together as a nation. We all must not be oblivious to what's happening in our country today.
I won't hold my breath waiting for u to condemn @SPLC with their hatred towards Christians and conservatives...
you are not a conservative.
I think he doesn't understand the meaning of those words.
Especially when our country's leadership perpetuates it.
It was voted in. Pathetic.
Mrs. Harris they are planning something in SF ..any help you can give to stop this hate speech would be appreciated
Go sign this petition.
Yeah, but it's a start.
It's easy to tweet "this is not who we are" when it's exactly what @GOP has become. @GOP @VP @POTUS @SenateMajLdr @PRyan #Charlottesville
What vote? What did they do now?
Just as easy as for you to complain about @realDonaldTrump.
For you it would seem it is easy to give a pass to the left for violence that should be blamed on both parties. This further divides U.S.
You are giving the left tacit approval to continue to foment violence while playing the victim. Pathetic...
Unless you don’t want to alienate your Nazi base, that is.
Yeah like you just did.
Yep. That's why having rep. like you, Pelosi, Warren, Schiff, Burr, Franken etc is so important. Thank you Sen. Harris for being here for us
All this talk of HATE,Sen. Harris. You work nextdoor to our nations worst hate monger, Trump. Get rid of him and you git rid of lots of hate
Actions speak louder than tardy words in my book. His hate always shines thru when he speaks.
Must be even easier to ignore that "pigs in blanket, fry like bacon" stuff.
Senator, all due respect, we need updates on people like John Bush confirmed and uknowingly unleashed on American citizens, lifetime appt
All talk from Republicans about American terrorist attack killing 1 + injuries is a lie, back dooring Trump radical appointees dangerous
Yep. You did it!
EPA Scott Pruitt operating in secret, guards at his side daily, doors to his floor locked, rolled back 15,000 regulations water included.
Thank you! 
What? Good lord get over yourself
Kamala, dear,  did you hear his speech? https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10155818672131336&id=15704546335&_rdr …
...as the chaos ensues, pay attention to who Congress is confirming at the same time. White male, radical & Anti everyone not like them
Simple, STAY AWAY FROM THOSE KINDS OF RALLIES
The FACT is that hate DOES have a place in America, in the dark hearts of some anti-Americans who salute other flags.
You just did.
...but they just confirmed John Bush as a federal judge with ALL of his radical views against everyone not like him, written by him.
Trumps new at this.
Rep Rod Blum is representing the American people by showing the utmost concern over a tree that fell over
This 25 foot tree blew over but survived the storm last week. Hopefully enough roots left for it to survive.

#IA01 
it also seems to be easy to support an abomination of a president
.@SenKamalaHarris Please don't laugh when the KKK president gives a speach about race violence. He wanted to take America back to what?
Yet the evidence is overwhelmingly tobthe contrary.
DT HATES us. He has said several times that we are his enemy.
We R entitled 2 our opinions in US. My opinion is that I couldn't disagree with U more. We R on the brink of nuclear war. Racism is rampant.
Unless it's trump and he counts on hate for his entire agenda. Then it's way hard.
Identity politics breeds hate. You live in the identity cesspool.
Hate has no place in America

Yep
That was easy
Birther in Chief
Thank you. His words do not sound sincere. He did not disavow David Dukes claim that the rally was held in his name.  Not enough
Read a thread indicating Russia Today journslist involved in the pre-event chatter. Explains t's lack of condemnation.
It's like the NRA sending thoughts and prayers after each mass shooting.
R U going 2 hold hearings on Y D police stood down? This could have been easily prevented. Is this Soros funded
Be loud and proud about it let everyone hear it!
Actions speak louder than words.
The president & gov can change this.
It's actually easy to tweet almost anything.. it's twitter.. just words flying into the void... doesn't matter..
We all know that this country was not only founded on immigrants, but also on racism, what need to change is the dynamics of racism.
The big question is "what ACTION will we take to eradicate hate?" Words are a good start, but it's going to take more than tweets.
Not that easy, Obama didnt do it ieth BLM
Peace begins with a smile. Mother Teresa
is about to give a speech, I GTD u he doubles down. Media is out of control, both sides were armed, tension high some wack drives 2 crowd
It's another thing to live it.
Don't look to the GOP for help.
We The People will have to rid ourselves of this ugly administration.
It's also easy to tell you to shut your corrupt cake-hole.
If you and your colleges do not "act" & promote the removal of Donald J Trump from the office of the President, then you're not ding ur job
if you don't love everyone you can't fulfill the promise of Love. #Charlottesville #HeatherHeyer  #DumpTrump #Resist
We from LA are super confused...you can't own a basketball team, but you can be President? How does that work? #onlyinamurikkka
Not if the words get stick in his throat and his fingers suddenly stiffen.
Actions speak much louder than tweets.
It's easy if one BELIEVES hate's the enemy of "#theamericanway." @realDonaldTrump's been clear he is a #DIVISIVE, #HATE DRIVEN SHADOWPUPPET.
When will Trump supporters, evangelicals, GOP, Fox, spokespersons, Pence stand for what is right? Where is their moral compass?
Who will stand up & do what is right?


@realDonaldTrump hasn't received permission from Bannon and Putin yet
Even easier to tell it to the People you serve!! That your on it. Your our leader and you wont stand for it in America, Ever!!
Talk is cheap... Especially in 140 characters.
Not when you're the one stoking the flames of hate in this country.
Please consider running for POTUS in 2020.
Right, Kamala.. so own up to ur own party's responsibility.
But you support some hate. If it's Antifa.
The tweet isn't coming. Not because he is a bad politician handling the situation incorrectly, but because he is a Nazi sympathizer.
It's also easy to focus on The Fringe idiots and race bait till the cows come home. 99% of people don't give a s*** about melanin
99.999% *

Guess it is one thing he isn't willing to lie about...
So right
#WOD  #photooftheday #EXO #BTS #FelizLunes
