We are at the brink of nuclear war and this is what the Left is worried about. Very sick and bad people.
We excel at multitasking :)
Yeah, that's why the PRK developed a miniaturized nuclear warhead & ICBM on your watch.Foolish cucks. Dot worry, Uncle Donald will handle it
Sorry, you just used the word cuck without any irony, now I'll never stop giggling.
Like, you know that 'cuck' is short for 'cuckold' a man who enjoys watching his wife have sex with other men.
And also I'm gay, so you calling me a cuck is like using the n word to try and insult an Asian guy. Just... what?
I can't help that your poor education left you without an understanding of proverbial word usage. How embarrassing for you.
Stupidest, most unAmerican thing I ever heard. Throw away capable, trained willing people. Insane #JusticeForAll (Unifying message for Dems)
Mam we are on the brink of nuclear war and this is what concerns you weather a man in a dress should serve! The military refuses any number
Wrong again Identity politics for U to buy votes instead of thinking of America is as always total bullshit
I thought people conform to miltary standards not the other way around?
I refuse to acknowledge tweeting as policy.  Until I see something official it is just the ranting of a lunatic
No we dont
@realDonaldTrump He did this becuz Obama Put it N Law Transgenders blong N R military He's obsessed w/Obama

Senator, the Soldier bends for the military, the military does not bend for the soldier. Protecting America is its #1 duty always.
What are you and your fellow congressmen/women doing to stop Trumps proposal?
this is no longer my country& if we don't get it back I'll have 2find a country closer 2my values,because what is running it now r criminals
80% of the military oppose trans in the military listen to them
I oppose this from Oklahoma
Lies.
I dont have a problem with them serving. I do have a problem paying for there sex change
Omg not the WAPost! Then it MUST be true bc they would never misrepresent facts & jeopardize journalistic integrity 
No they don't I was in the army and in way is it a right they turn down anyone with a health problem that can hinder combat effectiveness
Or put you in a position not to be able to get the drugs you need daily, it is a fighting unit not a social experiment
How absurd to kick people, who have a 40% suicide rate, out of the military which already has an abnormally high suicide rate.
I'm sure there is no oversampling there. Nope, none at all.
It's bigoted and has no place in America!!! #transban #TransRightAreHumanRights #ImpeachTrumpNow
ummm, no,... we don't oppose it.
We don't want 2 pay 4 surgery or meds for life. BTW, there's other important things happening u should pay attention 2. Ever hear of NK
I'm an American and I'm not opposed to it. Just has I'm not opposed to diabetics etc from not being allowed to serve
You're a stain Kamala, a FILTHY reeking, blemish on society-You still don't get it, the people aren't buying ur failed Marxist tripe anymore
Transgender folks undergoing their transition or have transitioned do not meet recruitment requirements.
You do not speak for this American!!!!
uh, no they don't.
Its like, has Trump done Anything positive at all?  Darth Vader had a more pleasant outlook. Six months & he's threatening nuclear war.
Hello??? KJU of NK is threatening, not Pres. As 4 positive, here u go! Just in case #MSM didn't tell u.
If those Americans haven't service in the armed services their commentary is mute
#KateSteinle
#KateSteinle
#KateSteinle
#KateSteinle
#KateSteinle
#KateSteinle
#KateSteinle
#KateSteinle
#KateSteinle
#KateSteinle
Smokescreen, let's move on.
I guarantee you are "RONG" . I've lived in MT and WY most of my life. Know lots of people,none of whom agree with you. Fake polls
Stop trying to inflict your intellectually bankrupt California immorality on the rest of us.
Those of us who have actually served understand the degree to which this social experimentation negatively impacts combat readiness.
"Washington Post"

"multilevel regression and poststratification"

SUUUURE this is reliable data...not.
Agreed. 
No we don't just your liberal propaganda freaks!  We the American people will not pay for transgender surgery!
How is it he can bungle so many issues & then create so many more new controversies & still have a 33% approval rating?
Right. I think they must be fake polls or the methodology is skewered.  Its probably 33% of those who were duped into voting Trump.
when deployed you must have trust in your Team. TG have no experience with being another gender or the military.
Lady you are sadly ill informed! The military can and does refuse people each and every day! There very particular who they choose!
Trump's left hand opposes it. His Twitter hand just wants to be involved with everything.
YES your tweet (notification) TRUTHFULLY, Sen. Kamala Harris,  (Family) Tweet ALWAYS, being for my previous tweet this morning, @CNN  Now!!!
Why transgender? Why male ? Why female? ..security is a serious matter ..only eligible American should be selected..
No they don't
Just because it comes out of your mouth does not mean it is true. Trans military personnel did this to themselves with their demands.
How would they be deployed to Middle East . Why should their sex change operation come out of military defense ?
Only you can safe USA from historical mistake. "Be American again "
Which Americans? Those that vote Democrat and don't give one shit about our military?
Democrats? You mean the majority of Americans?
Americans oppose just about everything Trump does or proposes.
#peepeegate #goldenshowers
The majority of Americans DO support a single payer health care system. It would be nice if our elected officials also did. *hint*
Awesome, America is Liberal!!  People escaping persecution came here, good to see we still realize that.
Any American who is willing to serve should be able to. #Harris2020
No, the armed forces should have the right to deny any person who cannot conform to a military lifestyle.
Unless you consider trans people and military people have some of the highest suicide rates and maybe combining the two is not the best idea
