Locked in the basement. Change the Senate Rules.
Pence standing by for a tie vote.
51-50
23 million lose healthcare
Democracy In Action!
BS
Nobody gets to review a bill before it's voted on. Not even other Senators. Should be challenged in court.
No. If they did that with the final bill, maybe, but it's an incomplete draft.
I don't like secrecy. It should be out there  Transparency in govt. The Prez called for rules change 2 weeks ago on this.
I honestly don't care about a rough draft of a bill. They create thousands of rough drafts of bills that never see a vote. We've had 2 bad
Is to the point where it's going to be debated on the floor, then it's worth reading. Until then it's meaningless.
I agree but we should have known what was in OBAMACARE 1st as well. "Pass it to find out whats in it" Sound familiar?
False equivalency. No comparison between how much this bill has tried to sidestep debate.
Its just tit for tat all day everyday. No matter who is in the white house (right/left) its just a dumpster fire
Still more false equivalency.
respectfully disagree. Both sides says do this/that then wont when its on them to do it then they dont
no they don't-obamacare was endless debated in open, in public with everyone participating-you can't say that about trumpcare-not even close
debated yes but still plenty not "revealed" till after it was passed. Agree, Trumpcare is a joke and what they are doing
or to quote trump... "YUUUUUGGGEEEEE"
No. If it's a draft it doesn't need to be made public, that's ridiculous. No drafts of any bills are made public. More grandstanding.
If GOP Greed Over People is proud of their health care plan, why hide it? If they're ashamed, then why propose it? What's with these people?
It's being worked on, it's a draft. Drafts of proposed bills are never made public until they are finished. This is silly and ridiculous.
The Gang Of Putin won't show the bill because it probably rips healthcare away from everyone that isn't a millionaire. 

#ShowUsTheBill
Yup, cause the Constitution magically disappeared when Trump won.

They don't have a clue! How about we end theirs? See how the like that? Same plans for all!

You need to TWEET TWEET TWEET like 8 years ago when you sucked @ designing health care system!  DemocRATS suck at winning, let TRUMP DO IT!
Kinda like dems pass it to find out

This is just WRONG. Republicans can't seem to do anything that's above board. The PEOPLE have a right to see their "plan". Pic=2 Smug POSs
I thought it was ok to pass a bill and then find out what is in the bill? You Dems have such short memories. Hypocrite
You didn't no what Obama's was
Sem. Harris tells it as it should be. Transparency & let both sides bring their best ideas. That is Democracy.
I believe when Obama was passing his health care bill Nancy Pelosi told the GOP and world if you want to know what's in it u have to pass it
They can't pass it b/c it's a terrible bill - it's why they can't get enough votes w/ a majority. It's a complete clown show & laughable.
continued; like military, the house & senate must do 20 years of service for free same crap insurance as military retirees.
LOL Pelosi passed the crap we have now without knowing what was in it, and lied about keeping your Dr and the the cost , stop the premiums $
@drdaughtry @axios 
I'm a victim of Obama Care are YOU? I PAY $300+ per month, it covers NOTHING.
I see doctors 4 times a year?!! $1600.00+ annual deductible  !
Not good. Eliminates coverage for preexisting conditions, puts caps on certain treatments, puts burden on states to work out,
Call Mark Levin to give him a big laugh. Dems screwed America by building a literal prison called socialism and now u want rescue? No!
If John mccain went in for surgery and he really had this tumor all along; is that preexisting condition?
Always over McConnell's shoulder is Senator John Barrasso of Wyoming, our least populated state. He'll vote so 23 million lose healthcare.
Whats ur take on Feinstein interview about Lynch I'll wait
Focus Trumpkin. This bill will actually kill people. Drs, nurses, all against it for reasons.
I just can't get over the colossal nerve of @HouseDemocrats! We deserved to know what was n Obamacare, too. You didn't seem to care then? 
Didn't they have to pass Obama Care just to see what was in it?
@SenAlexander What are you hiding from us?
And why should they? Remember Pelosi’s famous statement “You can see it after you’ve signed & voted for it”? I don’t agree but I’ll retweet anyways.
Just like Obamacare...Right? Hypocrisy!
simple healthcare reform;lower premiums, cover existing conditions, remove penalty for not carrying insurance, don't penalize small business
OBOMBA CARE is dead, bury it and live with TRUMP CARE....HARRIS PLANS TO VOTE TRUMP 8 more years!
32 MILLION POOR PEOPLE DEAD FROM LACK OF HEALTHCARE....THE ONE PERCENT....ALIVE AND WELL AND WITH 800 BILLION DOLLARS OF OUR MONEY!
I won't retweet, but I did call my two Republican senators (Oklahoma).  Their staffers seemed unaware of the secrecy of the bill.
Seriously? Biggest thing their bosses have been complaining about for years and they're unaware? That's really odd.
Yes, odd. Could have been (effective) acting.  I am curious whether Republican staffers have been instructed to act this way.
Parties do issue talking points but having staffers act unaware would be pathetic. Acting clueless or not knowing...not sure which is worse.
Senate didn't wait for CBO. Only purpose to defeat Obamacare. GOP plan favors insurers. Trump happy as a pig in mud.
Your healthcare plan obomba plan is failing and you voted without seeing what was in that plan!  Draft a new plan thenyoull have great one!
the CBO Report gave TrumpCare a F for Massive Failure @MaddowBlog @SenSanders @SenWarren @ASlavitt
Just like you all made ACA public before voting on it - I read it and almost everything was left up to Secy of HHS
Easy, nothing. Wealth for the corporations & death for the poor & sick. Then REVOLUTION so long over due Cuts would kill my child; vengeance
@jennah_justen @axios I called @SenToomey every answer was "he hasn't released a statement on that". That's the problem!
LIVES are at stake!
Can ACA be improved and tailored to current learnings. It does not have to be repealed! Why?  Tax break for billionaires is why!
Really? Like the Dimms "we'll have to pass the bill to see what's in it"  Obamacare plan?
That's the transparency part of the job.  @SenateGOP
@grufftech why?  We have to pass the bill in order to know what’s in it. That’s how they sold Obamacare
Literally why we should see it before it passes; Obamacare was bad too...
part of my point. The people fighting the repeal were fighting people trying to figure out what was being passed
Except when we demanded to know what was in it your party called us racist.
The only reason they won't show it is because they know it's bad for the majority of Americans and a yuge tax break for the 1%
You can check your Senator under Open Secrets.  Koch Industries is behind this (and my Senator). By the way, boycott RoundUp, and Monsanto.
I will
This secrecy needs to stay on the front pages of all media. Super important because "Dem obstructionists" will be blamed.
The GOP changed it to a 50 votes process the Dems will have no say . 
#LickAWitch
Sorry not true That threshold has always existed in budget reconciliation even under Harry Reid  That's how Obamacare final version passed
Actually that's only what I have read with Pence being the tie breaker. 
#LickAWitch
You have to have 51 for budget reconciliation to work there are 52 so they can lose 2 and with Oence being tie breaker makes 51. But not new
Point is that Trumpcare is all on the GOP and Democrats can wash their hands of it . 
#LickAWitch
I think that they shouldn't do anything since Obamacare is collapsing then they don't have to repeal coz it won't exist
Well that ship has sailed & now it's Trumpcare. Personally I'm loving it . 

#LickAWitch
Not as much fun when the shoe is on the other foot, eh? Maybe you clowns will realize that big government is the problem, not the solution.
Wait until YOU are affected by it.  You'll be crying in your cherios
EVERYONE absolutely should know what's in this plan! How can you ask anyone to vote on a plan when you don't know what's in it!!!!
you are an obstructionist hack kamala pay attention...your losing.
You may want to ask the people that have been running the negative TV ads the past month.  They seem to know what is in it.  Been on leave?
Really KH??Double standard!! Yr1000 pages version given 24 hours before voting &you are mad now? Youve had the bill it's going to pass
Sit down.  We're sending you back to CA.
The Democrats didn't release theirs. Why should the Republicans release theirs? It's the new fairness.
Lie. ACA had over 100 congressional hearings and 150 republican amendments.

they must be stopped , this is a scam for the rich and millions of americans will die because of GOP GREED
FAke News, they are releasing it. Not like Obama Care.  Nancy Pelosi says "We have to pass the bill before you can see what's in it"?
Let's be fare, Prez Obama did not disclose his H/Care plan till the 11th hr, then rush it thru Dem Congrs to pass the O/health care.
You are kidding me, there were public debates, 135 amendments offered by the Republicans; a process that took a year!
This mama bear of a child w/#preexistingcondition known as #CHD thanks you for #HOLDTHEFLOOR we back you up 100 #NoHearingNoVote #aca
I agree. We didn't know what was in the last healthcare bill and it turned out to be a disaster. 
The 12 Angry Men and their pet Turtle:
Nice!
But but but Republicans have America's best interests at heart that's why they keeping it under wraps until it's actually law. Right?
Anyone know how many Lobbyists have seen it, or wrote it?
@ActDontReact @axios
Truth Sen Harris! Appreciate your efforts.
We all know what Congress and Trump are still trying to do and why the US sponsored terrorist attacks and saber rattling just keep coming
So we shouldn’t have to “pass it to find out what’s in it?” 
@drkiki @axios Gentlemen, please, you already have the details!
Does this sound familiar? "Have to pass it to see what's in it"
Kamala, we also "deserve" to be allowed to
Vote for whomever TF we want &

Not have some corrupt witch imposed
on us. 

RT if you're #Woke 
By definition..its better than failed bit obamacare.....
It's funny how trump calls Dems obstructionist when the GOP is the one who won't even open the door. #transparencyadministration
AGREE, THE GOP IS TRYING  TO PULL FAST ONE ON AMERICANS
Yeah that's right  i agree with u however  remember  what  Pelosi  said  about  Obama care ?Just  asking ?
https://twitter.com/taylorbunnag/status/876105929061695488 …
We elect our representatives to pass laws. It's not open to public debate. Take anarchy somewhere else. Thanks to the left, we're full up.
We have to pass it first to see what's in it. Sound familiar? "Elections have consequences".
We should see the bill,I agree but spare me your fake concern.The criminal evidence against previous administration,your party,speaks truth
I love how you're so concerned now yet when @BarackObama was dictator he covertly ran Iran nuclear deal & rolled #AHCA w/out approval.
TrumpCare needs to be shredded. I'm standing my ground to keep ACA . Don's hatred towards Obama keeps him for making America suffer .
But...but...Pelosi said we have to pass it to see what's in it.
Did the rules change?
The Repubs will make it public before vote unlike Dems
Lol sounds familiar
No matter if it's O-care or  ACA, tax payers should be footing the bill,Health care isn't an entitlement
LMAO! surely you are kidding!! You have to pass the bill to know whats in it!
We deserve a more efficiently run government! The current administration is a joke! Please run in 2020!
Agreed. Also where's the Democrat's proposal to fix the issues with the ACA? Need to do more than just go after GOP's plans. #ACA
Why? The Democrats didn't do it.
You don't remember the ACA being debated in the Senate? The talk about how long the bill was and that it should be read before being passed?
I don't have a problem with them checking the financial feasibility before they trot it out. Patience is a virtue sometimes. It actually is.
I don't have a problem with that either. I do have a problem with them trying to push a vote without a hearing and without time to consider.
Frankly, if Congress has to use the same healthcare we will have to, we wouldn't have wanker statements like her's
Yep. The ACA mandated that they had to, but they want to exempt themselves.
Which is not serving their constuency well
we absolutely need transparency with @GOP's plans to kill off healthcare for a huge number of citizens'/voters'. make the bill public!
Use ANY method to STOP the CORRUPT GOP #FilibusterByAmendment
we gotta pass it to see what's in it. cc: @NancyPelosi
There are things that one should do in secret, go to the bathroom or masturbate. Healthcare for millions is not one of those.
Trump & the republicans should have just bought Cuba's health care plan, the Prius of medical care in North America.
Keep on them Miss Harris! Dont let any of them talk u down. We r behind u all the way and thank you for standing up for us!!!
EXACTLY!  Thank you, Senator Harris
We know what's in it. Death to the poor voters
Why didn't you demand to see what was in Obamacare? Even your Goddess, Nancy Pelosi had no idea what it actually said as she pushed it
Wasn't it your party that told the republicans and the American people, "you can see what's in it after it passes." ? Ummm ya it was.
But it was PERFECT fine when OCACA what to pass before we could read it?? If we could get everyone involved in the process it'd be better.
Rules in the Senate/House have to change. Shouldn't be allowed to happen. Why are we not hearing from women that only 13 men crafted this?
.@SenateMajLdr Stop Messing with Health Care!
Is there a court case from Senate rules that makes free press of laws written for the Senate floor?
You must pass the bill so you know what is in the bill....
If you like your doctor you can keep your doctor.....
@SandraMaz @axios just like our Congress was able to read ACA before voting for it, right? 
A must for Republicans to release details of its HC Plan, but OK for Dems as they did not w/ Obamacare, Unaffordable Care Act? Hypocrite!
@Regina_Griffin Don't you think you'll see it when it's time to vote?
Dems best shot of informing the public about the GOP's health care plan is running national ads, specifically exposing McConnell's secrecy.
"deserve" to know? It is a fundamental right of an open and free democracy. Damn Luke 8:17. I didn't vote for him either.
We The People may be way too late. Apparently the balls-ectomy occurred in Our sleep. It's long past time for regime change
I mean, the madness of the GOP is beyond depressing.
Barrasso is like the Kushner of the senate.  Always there, always silent.  #ThePresence
We're going after the WRONG people 2 #impeach. We should B getting McConnell, Ryan, & @GOP instead! VOTE OUT @HouseGOP  @SenateGOP #p2 #Dems
After sticking Obamacare down our necks, with proven foreknowledge it was all based on lies and secrecy, you won't let them design a fix?
Absolutely! The American people have a right to participate in the formation, discussion and creation of a healthcare bill. @Michael36776349
@SenateMajLdr #Secretcare is UNACCEPTABLE!! WTP will politically destroy you next election. We are sick, we are tired and boy are we 
Why we can pass it then read it like Obama Care
So excuse me if I laugh at your political blather. Why don't you help them? Seriously, push party aside do the right thing. Stop hosing us!
My meds that used to be $20 were $140 today. Our deductible is 5X higher and we pay more in premium. F Dems RX. You've destroyed those ill
So we.."have to pass it to find out what in it"....for Dems.....but for GOP it "must be made public"...Poster children of dbl standards
Shit-for-brains Pelosi: 'You have to pass the bill to know what's in it.' If the scumbag left can say it, civilized people can repeat it.
how has this problem not been encountered and solved in previous centuries? i'm starting to think we deserve what we get...sigh.
We the people!!!!
You should pass it to then find out what is in it according your buddy @nancypelosi
You mean, like we did with Obama care?
Oh, so you don't care about facts?  The ACA was debated on the floor for a year.  Drumfcare has never seen the light of day.  Big difference
Lol, even the dems admitted it had to be passed before we'd really know what was in it...
The irony. It burns.
All that "work together " didn't last long
Mitch McConnell the crooked senate ruler!
Can we get a honest senate?
isn't @SenateMajLdr doing something that goes against the law ? Cant he be held accountable for deception of congress and the senate ?
You mean like Dems passing ACA to see what was in it
did u send this same tweet for Obamacare?
Republicans are right-wing liberals.
Why no outcry when Obamacare was introduced? As I recall nobody knew sheit about it until it was done either...

Nancy Pelosi, 7 years ago said, 'We have to pass it to find out what's in it'.
What was your response then?
PS... I know U can't answer that
The GOP Senate is a tyranny. They blithely steal a SCOTUS Seat, now they want us to let them steal our health care. Say no to tyranny
Filibuster by amendment.
You & other Senate Dems must filibuster via unlimited amendments. Do not allow this to pass.
Obamacare Architect: Yeah, We Lied to The "Stupid" American People to Get It Passed
we deserv a LOT more than ALL our electd officials hav given us 4 a long time...entitlements like truth,transparncy,integrity&electn donors
People who play politics 24/7 while people cant afford health care should forfeit their right to govern. You're an embarrassment
Thank you for your service!
Funny how they have the inclination to mansplain things to a certain Senator but not to reveal their thoughts on the future of health care.
Pass the bill to see what's in the bill. That's the precedent set by the Obama administration and his Senator friends. #LiberalLogic
Ohh, Thank You Ms Harris, Thank You
Their blatant disregard for the optics on this process is astonishingly arrogant. They simply don't care.
Repubs are deliberately causing innocent peoples deaths with this deceitful hlth care tax shelter bill..we need national single payer
GOP doesn't want the public to know, because what they're doing is going to cause many to suffer & die. They're immoral.
Best to discover what ISN'T in it it's a crude attempt to talk mumbo jumbo to citizens while Repubs sneak in their tax cuts disgraceful
It says don't get sick. That is all.
Am I the only one who thinks McConnell always looks like a scared little child whenever he's on camera?
You're just being hysterical. So says stupid @gop pundit.
We pay taxes that pay you. We deserve to know what our medical ins is going to consist of?
@senrobportman is all over it.  The people loving #Panderbear has sworn to care for #Ohio's #Medicare recipients.  #GiveHimACall.
@robreiner @axios Tag it #MeanTrumpCare and he might actually take notice!
Really did you demand that from Pelosi when she said pass the bill then read it  and then lie
We deserve to see Mitch McConnell in jail for defrauding taxpayer citizens; sabotaging functioning govt.
This #Trumpcare bill must be a real stinker.  Could it smell worse than the #GOPHouse bill?  Yes!
@robreiner This is beginning to resemble taxation without representation. Triple chin needs to get a conscience.
I also agree that @SenKamalaHarris is a badass

You don't want to pass the bill to see what's in the bill? @NancyPelosi
