We must get to the bottom of this. We must be thorough. We must proceed with urgency & we must be transparent. #SenateIntelligenceCommittee
I strongly believe that an informed public is one of our best weapons against future attacks.
The why do all Senators go to such great lengths to keep stuff hidden?
Riddle me that Batman
Forthright stmt; former administration advised by FBI of aggression in July 2016...where was immediacy then?
Whether it was Russia or not; it appears what was revealed is that most Democrats are corrupt to the core and suffered at the polls for it.
If the Russians attacked our elections they would have gotten Clinton to win. Not Trump who stands for integrity.
So this is your idea of representing your constituent's. I feel like a fool for having voted for you.
Russia did not attack the U.S..if they did you response is clearly inappropriate and weak! Such emotional hyperbole is why the dems lost!
AND how dare they expose the DNC's corrupt tactics!
What happened was HILLARY  clinton sold them25% of our uranium. and appears to accepted bribes.
Then what? Russia gets called out for global disruption and what? Still permanent security counsel, get off free and clear. Again.
Every 1 of the intelligence services have said you are lying. Get over it you lost so get your ass to work.
Hillary was worst corrupt candidate EVER!  That is why she lost.  She cheated Berney, had unprotected server. People sick of her crap #truth
Shut up already about the Clintons THEY or SHE IS NOT the PRESIDENT!! Wait until this administration is LOCKED UP
Did the Russia put words in Hillary's or the DNC's mouth (uh, I mean emails) Who is denying they are false btw.Donations have stopped, yes?
Omg look theres a rusdian behind that cactus.
No, there's a Russian in front of the cactus.
Do you snort the dried up gizz from your panties?
And was aided in their efforts by the nascent Trump administration?
"@SenKamalaHarris: Let’s be clear about what happened – Russia, attacked the heart of our democracy – an American election for #POTUS."
Funny, Democrats have been denying that Communists are a threat for decades. Why, all of a sudden are they now a threat?  #TruthHurts
Stop spreading untruthful propaganda!
We will start taking you seriously the day you provide even the tiniest shred of evidence.
The FBI, CIA and now the Senate Intelligence Committee have already confirmed they've found that evidence.
So why haven't we seen any? Investigation has been ongoing since last summer ...
We know the Russians interfered w/ election. Their dirty handprints were all over the Internet's fake news stories the right bought into.
I will believe it when I see it. Btw, there was nothing fake about the Wikileaks revelations.
Those Wikileaks revelations were NOTHING compared to the Russian interference with our elections. Politics as usual, they didn't reveal shit
Blah Blah Blah.  Proof.  Just give us Proof.  Oh, wait, you don't have any...
Bull shit. Where's the beef meat head!
we want a new election!
@HillaryClinton was robbed of what she deserved. 
A rope from a tree?
and I think you did.
All the more reason to filibuster Gorsuch. Trump should not appt. a SCOTUS justice while under investigation for possible treason.
Thank you Senator Harris, you did an incrediable job today in the Senate Intelligence meeting!
@ClaireVoyant56 And waiting for investigation to make sure 45th didn't collude with RUSSIA for potus win.
@Serpentine202 Trump is impeachable, he is using the Presidency for personal gain. Use that!
@Serpentine202 ..trying to start a war with a nuclear power over a candidate most Americans hated long before she ran.
@Serpentine202 ...misinformation that might have come from Russian sources. I want documented hard evidence if you are..
@Serpentine202 Let me know when you come up with some actual proof. So far all you have is a guy that says Trump parroted..
Hope your cmte is more successful than House. If WH and Rs continue the coverup, Putin-Trump will continue to destroy American democracy.
...and exposed a #crookeddnc #feelthebern 
2 words BERNIE SANDERS ??
What about Obama trying to influence the Brexit vote? Isn't that interferring in another soveriegn nation's political process?
Disgraceful how DJT cheered as he told world of wilileaks attack on HRC! He knew who was behind, but to his advantage!
What about Obama trying to undermine Neytanyahu in the Isreali election? Are you as outraged about that?
And the @POTUS is just fine with that. #RussiaInvestigation #TrumpRussia
did you have any doubt? but of course, no one will call invalid that matters.
Did Russia enable people to vote that aren't legally eligible, like the dems did? Nope. Americans voted against your failing ideology.
You are young enough for considering running 4 even though a mess
Act of war and Trump part of it!!!!
Looks like you've formed your conclusion already, before even gathering & assessing evidence. Kangaroo court ahead.
.@SenKamalaHarris As a former Attorney General, is this hearsay or is there actual, admissible evidence?
and GOP was complicit in selling off Democracy. Party over Country
What do you intend to do about it? Dems dragging....
I liked the last remake of "The Manchurian Candidate" better.
Sen Harris, thank you for representing California so admirably, keep up the good work!
@PrincessBravato Wonder if Trump would have won if Russia wasn't involved? NO!!
#newelection
I consider this an act of war
So our elected officials should IMPEACH him immediately. What r u guys waiting for Christmas?
And those Americans that are involved at any level are ALL TRAITORS
@BrunoAmato_1 yeah and the crazy thing about it is that a lot of people are okay with that and they call themselves patriot
Russia colluded with @GOP and @POTUS to attack the heart of our democracy. They MUST be held accountable.
OK, but Hillary and Podesta took big money from Russians. If Russians gave you $80K would you support them? $1 Million? $10 Mil? How much?
ok, LET'S be clear. I see words with no substance at this point. WHEN will We The People be told exactly what went down.?
True, but they didn't effect  the  outcome.
It's interesting to read tweets that oppose seeking the truth are often condescending&mean. Why?
That much we know for sure. We need to know if @realDonaldTrump was in cahoots with them.  We're looking to Senate Committee to find out.
Or, Hillary Clinton lost because she is a psychopathic grifter and security risk who campaigned like a soggy biscuit. Your pick.
Would you be saying the same thing if Hillary had won?
when this results in convictions, will you finally leave that childish form of questioning behind? @SenKamalaHarris
But you can't say one without the other. If they colluded it was to expose legitimate collusion that could have affected the outcome!
But it worked only because of the intellectual impotency of the American electorate.
No it worked because it showed a deceitful and colluding party that preyed on minorities, LGBT,anyone that's felt picked on, for power/votes
If you see equivalency between conventional electioneering & collusion with foreign power then u r 1-imbecile, 2-traitor, no third option.
<yawn> let's be clear what happened-former admin used cover of FISA to spy on DJT campaign for HRC
 coming your way.
you have no idea what a shit storm is. Wait until your king goes to jail. #hardtobreathecoveredinshit
not my king but is my president. more probable your messiah abused IC for political advantage given history
Prove it, cupcake
yes, they showed us the DNC is willing to fix a presidential primary.  That is serious and should be investigated
you're right, we should be concerned about them bribing the Clintons :)
Apparently the Russians are pretty smart and knew exactly where to hit us.
We are right here with you @SenKamalaHarris Fight for us and our Republic! #trumpRussiaCollusion #LockHimUp #LockThemUp #Persist #Resist
and as a result they have done irreversible damage to our country. It's time for the GOP to put Country over Party!
If irreversible damage was exposing a deceitful party that did legitimate COLLUSION that could have affected the outcome... SO BE IT!
only those who speak the truth can lift it.
Sadly...Putin elected @POTUS
Why is government proceeding as usual under the auspices of potential treason? ALL legislation needs to STOP until this is sorted out.
truth is a big hammer forged like Thor's
Let's also be clear: Trump colluded, coordinated with, and encouraged the Russians for his own benefit. He must be impeached. And jailed.
When he is jailed maybe his cell bars will be gold. Fools gold.
lets be clear about all the false press that will counter this. Stand you ground hard and fast.
>And the Repup. party burys their heads in the sand...."I see nothin'....I know nothin'..."
Yeah, that we all know. Did Trump and team help?
