Like the time I was held on a $50K bond after being charged for a Class D felony. I wonder why that happened
What was your criminal history score, what was the Class D felony? Judges set $50k #bail for a reason #BailReform
yes, they set high bails to force guilty pleas and prevent people from exercising their constituonal rights. I see it everyday.
We see courts everyday as well, high #bail is set for the guarantee that they appear/evidence of alleged crime. However we will agree 1/2
your argument is flawed. if people can't afford the bail then it's not acting as a guarantee of return, it's a guarantee of imprisonment.
Which is why the only way to change your mind & others is to see true pro #bail NOT what you see on TV. See the points & positives for all.
I see bail agents everyday and have argued for bail reductions almost everyday for my professional career.  I'm not some pedestrian.
Would you agree that "free jails" would inject less deterrent and even less respect for judicial law?
Prosecutors should stop requesting bail in petty cases. Period. It is absurd how many people languish in jail before a case is resolved.
So crime is now petty? #BailReform
yes, there is literally a crime called petty theft.
I know that, but it's still a crime. Perhaps victims of "petty" crime should have a voice.
just bc someone commits a crime, it doesn't mean they should disproportionately suffer consequences based on their ability to pay.
Would you agree that they put themselves in that position by the simple choice they have made? #BailReform
even if I conceded to your view of how things work, it doesn't answer why rich people face less consequences for same choices.
Again, you can never get past the word "Choice" crime has no requirement of money. #BailReform
I agree. Wealthy criminals are more likely to flee. It's those with no means that unfairly sit in holding pens.
Come intern, or intern with local #bail office and you will see your statement is factually false. #BailReform
what does a bail "intern" do?
Will give you the chance to see the day to day operation of pro #bail and the importance to the judicial system #BailReform
Kamala Harris is just 1 more snake oil salesman from the "Socialist Fools Gold" bankrupt State of California. BEWARE!!! ....FOLLOW THE MONEY
it's pretty nice here, you should come visit some time.
I'm very familiar with California. I've been coming since my return from Nam in 67. I have family there. I've seen your state deteriorate.
Okay Ron, I'm going to walk my dog and watch the sunset at the beach. You do you.
Enjoy your walk Nick. Enjoy life. I'm on the right coast looking forward to sunrise
Dear lord woman, your office argued to keep them in jail to use them as cheap labor in California.
Ssshhhh, not supposed to talk about that.
You want to put parents in jail for chidren missing school. You are the problem woman! You are completely out of touch.
@TheDemocrats need to stop taking prison money.
This is the real Hillary Clinton 
I can testify to that! Please run for POTUS
Bench Warrant will be issued if you fail to appeared in court after release without bond you thinkthey will report to court
There are over 100thou innocent people behind bars right now because they can't afford their bail.
Do you have factual proof to back up your statement?  #BailReform
Guilty till proven rich.
Should have spoken up long ago #Kamala but you didn't. So why should I believe you now?
Bella  muy love.  Amor.  Que. Haces   hoy  por ejemplo. Sales .escribeme.
Mi senadora. Bella  muy.  Love.  .amor  hablame.  Poquit o.  Español.
KqmalitA. Mi senadora  bella   te. Quieto mucho. 977616366.  Llamame
Man fires at Sunset Hills police in chase ending with crash at Carondelet Park in St. Louis http://www.stltoday.com/news/local/crime-and-courts/man-fires-at-sunset-hills-police-in-chase-ending-with/article_993f8bbe-c72e-5166-b9da-206fadc3fb71.html?utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter&utm_campaign=user-share … via @stltoday
Fake Data
like Atlanta Falcon torrey green, being young & attractive & a promising athlete, makes it' Into the N.F.L. & then these PARTY GIRLS want to come forward, out of spite, anger, jealousy, greed, attention.. Or simply CONVINCED these WOMAN played a equal ROLE of wreck less  behavior
Kamalita  bella. My love  que. Piensa. De. Nuestra. Relación.   Dime.  Algo.

Hmmm. Thought innocent until proven guilty in a court of law
Their example. Woman shoplifts, bail set at 20,000, she spends a year in jail. Does this ever happen? 
our entire system is corrupted; in my opinion; especially for African American Descendants of Slaves
Using phones again, couldn't there be a system where defendants call in daily & their cell tower location is relayed? Cheap auto-tracking.
wiretaps.
I am wondering if you want to change your mind on this tweet? Or is the liberal lying just going to continue?
Read Bill = Looks Great! Careful w/part about whites pay less; Compare same crimes, types & freq... Macro doesn't reflect reality.
Convert bases/prisons into combo Hospital =mentally ill 4 trtmnt & BootCamps = druggies 2 learn a trade/ respect auth/thrive in strctrd life

I have never committed a crime or been in jail so I can't speak to the injustices you mention. Maybe if these people didn't commit crimes...

Until you apology to @POTUS about saying his credibility is shot over the wire tapping incident you have no credibility.
A major part of institutional racism riding on the wings of the 13th Amendment.
@gmo1stmimi  ONE of the greatest! Once WE get Trump out of office,  WE NEED TO DESPERATELY REFORM OUR CRIMINAL JUSTICE SYSTEM!
@congressorg
Gl with getting a president out of office for telling he truth lol.. #delusional
@ShaunKing #KaliefBrowder
SORRY, you make bad choices, you pay for it, period. Stop with the victim bullshit!
Bail as admnsd, is unconstitutional. Our rights must be protected from an overbearing govt, Not govt right to "assurance" of court appear.
Please do something about this. Im a living wittness!!!
The actual crime occuring?
NOW THAT'S TOO DAMN TRU" ...
Please give up corporate money.  Come over to the bright side.  @RoKhanna did.  @justicedems
Do you support descheduling of cannabis?
Cool story, but what about that wiretapping?
Who is this woman? She is amazing 
Yet AG Sessions wants to make things harder. Our police also need reform on their "shoot to kill" training
Yes defend the scumbags of the world and rob the tax payers blind.
Thank you Harris... Equality is worth fighting for
Nobody should have to pay a penny for bail until they are found guilty. Constitution: innocent until proven otherwise. Just use ankle braces
Good to see bipartisan efforts on this.  You and @RandPaul can make this happen.
Donate to the 'bail funds' fundraisers - put your $$$$ to work taking action to correct these wrongs...
You are guilty before a trial 2 prove Innocence. Finger print,mug shot taken U R now in the system. Take those when proven guilty & lkd up
I don't think reforms are enough. What's needed is new vision of criminal justice on the whole.
Innocent until proven guilty vs. Black until proven innocent. #BailReform
Crime has no race requirement. Please stop spinning facts #BailReform
#Facts

Try gitmo 14 years mistaken identity no bail no trial. Nazi nation, what to expect next?
As long as we have for profit prisons I don't have much hope criminal justice reform.
Yes! Just Now your tweet (notification) 7:01pm TRUTHFULLY (Family) , now cont'd The VIETNAM WAR, on @PBS @SenKamalaHarris, 
Our Current bail structure a modern-day debtors' prison. It's unfair and inhumane. There is a better way.
Ms. Kamala, it's happening to my nephew right now...locked up for no reason at allplease try ur hardest to fix this problem
No reason at all?
I work in a prison, and I see people with 6 mos, a year or more of jail time credit for bailable offenses. Other people have 6 days,
How can you make people aware of this in a system where many people not having witnessed it, don't believe it?
RT your ass off, my friend. Post it on FB & Instagram. Talk to your family, friends & ppl you meet on the street. #AllTheThings
Thank you for talking about this horrible injustice
