BREAKING: White House announces President Donald Trump has fired FBI Director James Comey.
Will you ever shut up? You and the rest of the democrat party are like a bunch of gnats flying around. Stop annoying everyone!!
Flying around the steaming pile of crap that is Trump and his cronies! Good one Jung!!!
Jung? so would it be Ichiro Suzuki or Suzuki Ichiro? Would you call Kim Jong Un, Kim?
PS. So Jung Ah Jung isn't your name? I had a 2/3 chance of getting it right? No?
A very long story. Do you want to hear it? It starts with the movie, Resident Evil Afterlife. Damn!! I'm already running out of characters!!
Sorry no interest in interacting with a "person" with a timeline like yours. Obvious who the crap and gnat is now..have a great day!
Senator Harris, on behalf of all Californians please repeat this as loud & often as you can in Congress! Unacceptable & we cannot accept!
Hate to tell you, but you don't have a choice.   As the former President said, "elections have consequences".
Then please get ON IT, Senator. Because I was alive during Watergate and what we're witnessing is a soft coup d'etat.
Please explain to the class how the LEADER of a country, executes a Coup.
Go ahead, I'll wait.
Keep waiting, newbie. Or ask Putin. Door's over there. (In case no one told what "muting" in the context of Twitter means, it means bye.)
Run away!!!   This is what liberal do when they get caught lying!
He fired him because he's investigating him. We need a Independent Investigation ASAP!
Do you think Comey was investigating this himself?   If so, why was he in Los Angeles giving speeches?   Please, grow up.   Think!
You are #fakenews yes, let's investigate Clinton Comey Podesta & Obama
Orlando shooter coukd have been stopped. But Comey's F.B.I. didnt prosecute that man. Thats why we need a special prosecutor
Thank you. Please continue pressuring this administration and prepare legislation to create independent investigation into #Trumprussia
How can we get Congress to do this. We know it's needed and has been for months. Is there a way to force it?
Didn't your party want him fired a few months ago? I'm confused now about who hates who
I wonder who was responsible for investigating @stevenmnuchin1 ?
So hold up everything else until that happens. Everything.
What about investigating Steve Mnuchin?
Maybe we can also investigate Kamala for conspiracy to violate Federal law as well?

I tweeted Sen Cruz. He removed my tweet. I'm from Texas and will work for#TramBeto to win.
There's no Russia anything.  This is bull.  Work on economy, jobs, SINGLE PAYER!  Buh-bye
Then why the hell isn't there one. Why isn't everyone screaming this every day? Why is it taking so long?
Is Congress going to sit back and allow this coup by an orange mad man continue? What the hell are you people doing? NOT A DAMN THING.
Yeah we are going to need a lot more reassurance than that, Ms. Harris. This is mob-inciting behavior by POTUS.
So now you want mobs to riot over the firing of a man the left was screaming for Obama to fire in October?     Hypocrites.
They haven't found shit in 9 months...let it go SNOWFLAKE!
Indeed. I guess there hasn't been enough time to shred evidence to get the investigation started. Have to "hand pick" An investigator now.
Why is this taking so long?  Trump and his ilk need to be stopped before they destroy our country! #SpecialProsecutor
Agreed, @SenKamalaHarris!  Please keep pushing for an independent investigation!!
Two choices today for Republicans: 1) man-up 2) political suicide
Two choices today for Republicans: 1) man up 2) political suicide
I definitely support a special prosecutor to oversee the FBI's investigation into Russia's collusion with the Trump administration. Help!!
Yes!!!! Find a few Republicans (McCain, Graham, Collins?) who care more about the country than their politics, and get it done. Thank you!!
It would be useful if you had a house and senate with  backbones and any honour.
How many people including Dems under Obama said there is no evidence of collusion between Trump and Russia.
"Russia, Russia, Russia..." "Marsha, Marsha, Marsha!" lol
TREASON, TREASON, TREASON
Stop saying.
Start demanding.
Enforce repercussions.
BE. MEAN.
when are we going to get one into yours & Obummers refusal to prosecute the largest fraud in history?
I have no faith in Kamala to do anything but pad her political resume.
How do the people IMPEACH TRUMP?? Do your job and get him out. He's shady and in bed with Russia!
Yes! Demand a Special Prosecutor now.
This MUST happen. Keep pushing.
Ask you the same things - what can you & @SenateDems do about it? Just words will not work.
my senator.
Thank you!  Please keep fighting for us on this.  We love you!
Let's make the special prosecutor happen! What can we do to help?
Thank you. I agree.
Mitch McConnell says no.  What can Dems do?
But you will. Because  isn't done screwing with the USA yet. Votes matter.
If so toss Hillary in so 2 sets of laws are not being evidenced.
Unfortunately Mitch McConnell won't abide. You and the Dems need to hold s sit-in or a walk-out.
No, this cannot wait.  Keep fighting for a truly independent investigation.
Thank you Senator Harris for publicly calling for a special prosecutor to investigate trump-Russian ties. America deserves the truth!
TRUMP: #RFDE #CYBERWEAPON #MINDPUPPET OF GLOBAL FASCIST #FourthReich THAT WORSHIPS (RAS)PUTIN? Journo exposes tek: http://viclivingston.blogspot.com/2011/12/u.html 
The American people are SICK of this Scandal of an administration! No one can be trusted & EVERYONE needs to be investigated! #lockThemUP
The PODESTA-HILLARY-RUSSIA investigation? yeah.
FBI rank & file don't trust Comey.
stop the government. This is ridiculous. How does one have a normal day with this goon and his crew in office.
Shut down the Senate until it happens.

I am your constituent, please make this your biggest priority!!! #impeach
Comey should be immediately called to testify in an open hearing about the status of Russia/Trump investigation at the time he was fired.
You keep saying it because you're no respector of the Constitution.
It's the Senate's & Congress's job to investigate.

THEN: @TheDemocrats say
#FBIDirector has no credibility

NOW: @TheDemocrats blast @POTUS for firing …
Donald for prison!!!
Are they our only path? Their divided party still backs each other when it gets real. What is our route if they choose to continue to do so?
Why don't you try and actually do something constructive instead of muck racking. Would someone name one thing KH has done in her first 4mos
McConnell just said no independent investigation
It's time for quickness . It's time to Al Capone Trump. Get him on Tax Fraud first . Easy to do
We need a special prosecutor to investigate HRC's illegal distribution of classified secrets and her pay-to-play sale of uranium to Russia
Then do something about it, Senator. Please.
TOTALLY SUPPORT! GET IT DONE!
Then do it. Stop talking about it and just  get it done.
From the woman who refused to prosecute the bankruptcy king...nice
You lost that chance. The law allowing the congress to appoint one has passed. Oh have to pass a law now and have the @potus sign it.
You need to engage any and all moderate Republican colleagues and convince them.  Make this happen.
Absolutely.  Someone that Trump can't fire when they are getting close to the truth.
Will they be investigating Hillary's sale of US uranium to Russia as well?
Did u watch the Senate hearings? There is no "there there! Please focus on issues that affect us.... taxes and healthcare!
So true! So let's get it done!
Senator Harris, we will say it together until we have our special prosecutor. Over and over until it happens.
Question is who will choose the Special Prosecutor as the new Deputy AG Rosenstein is clearly compromised by trump & Sessions already.
PREET BHARARA
Sen Harris,
A special prosecutor can't oversee the FBI. It has to be an independent investigation that can then assign a special prosecutor.
Sorry. You are not blond. Trump will not be listening to you.SAD! -would you consider a dye?? You may have a chance then...Only Barbies
We the people demand it!!!
Neither can single payer or justice for POC against law enforcement, people's wages, the shrinking Middle Class, failing schools...
100% percent agree with you, Senator Harris! #EnoughIsEnough
How about Kenneth Starr?

Serious question: Where are Comey’s files right now? Who controls them? After Nixon fired special prosecutor, office was sealed. Important.
Is this current president mentally stable?
There must be a special prosecutor!
Fight like hell!
How do we do this if the law for SP's expired?
Can't you just try to make CA a better place to live for your constituents instead of beating that dead horse? Like, can you do your job?
@AP demand an independent investor.
Then sue your "friends" in the gop
This will not end well. It's just a matter of how long it will take. #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
Its time to step up and take action. Our democracy is at stake!
If only you had this stance with our current Treasury Secretary
Most definitely!
Damn right @SenKamalaHarris.  Keep up the fight.  Your constituents are with you.
The same law & order Kampala who thought asking 4 the death penalty in a cop killer case was not called for .
GOP fully colluded in the theft of election-coup. GOP will collude, obstruct. Shut down the damn illegitimate gov,we r beyond constit crises
Everyone needs to call their @GOP Reps and Senators all day tomorrow. (202) 224-3121
#impeachTrumpnow #ImpeachTrump
I've seen the phrase, "We need an independent prosecutor" for weeks. We can "retweet" this forever, but, what will make it happen?
And we will! It just won't be the more than "mildly nauseating" James Comey and his illusions of grandeur. A nutty, puffed up guy. DTS
Special Counsel is the correct term I believe
We must have a special investigator to go after Steve Mnuchin. Oh wait...
Thank you, patriot!
I called the DOJ comment line and left a message to continue these investigations.
Tweet phone number please...!
That's my Senator :)
You are a very lucky person!
How come you weren't this focused on finding out the truth regarding Steve Mnuchin, CA's Foreclosure King?
Thank you Sen Harris from a proud constituent.
Yeah, but what can Dems do about that, besides Tweet?
Start retweeting any republican that calls for an investigation...hopefully their constituents will hit the phones...
It's over. There is nothing there. Stop wasting out tax dollars. Use it investigate Benghazi
Trump is not only emotional and explosive but he is also incompetent. Does he understand what is the Rule of Law in a Democracy?
I don't wanna wait for our lives to be over 
100% agree. So please Dems and rational @GOP Congresspeople: Do something!!!
Absolutely agree.  @SenJohnMcCain  You and your counterparts need to move swiftly to establish a special prosecutor to find the answers. Now
Then do it Senator! What wheels have to churn to get this done? You get zero credit for say there is a need. Give us action or step aside.
We must have an independent prosecutor
I agree that we need a special prosecutor. Can we have an IG investigation over the firing of Director Comey?
we've been here for months. take action.

And another one for Tramac-Gate and a few more to investigate Hillary's many irregularities while on State Dep.
Way to represent Senator! 
It's not going to happen because we trace crooks running Washington with election that just hapoened
not smart! very sad
So, Senator, what does it take to get an independent special prosecutor?
@johniadarola @AP we also should have one regarding your conduct with OneWest and your largest campaign backer, it's owner.
And Kamala thinks that no one remembers her failure to do her job her in CA. Her staff built a perfect case to go after Mnuchin/OneWest.
what great is the Soros, 1 of 4 owners of the bank, heavily funded her campaign.
he also platformed her and gave her speaking opportunities at several events he put on.
events specifically designed to hook her into the main democratic funding apparatus
I don't expect AP to report it, or Johnny Pie to even bother doing research. McResistance
Thank you, Senator Harris.
Do Not Let This Slide.  Investigate this to the end!
Thank goodness you're there!
Why do we need more special prosecutors he has done enough damage JUST START IMPEACHMENT PROCEEDINGS ALREADY!!!
As much as I support your perspective, clearly just "saying it" is not enuf. Saying "we need a special prosecutor" doesn't make it happen.
This is all well & good. But r @SenateDems prepared to halt all biz until such a prosecutor is appointed? cc: @AJentleson #FBI #ComeyFiring
Counting on you, @SenWarren Auntie @MaxineWaters @NancyPelosi to start ringin' dem Impeachment bells! Keep our common dignity in office!
Please keep saying it, @SenKamalaHarris
Such hypocrisy from the demised Democrats ! Laughable !!
If you're even SLIGHTLY interested in the well-being of your country, you must support the appointment of a special prosecutor.
Where were you when HRC should have been prosecuted for her misdeeds..
Run for president.
You know, if you had included a f-bomb in your tweet, you might have convinced me.
Ms. Harris:
I've served my country. I know people who've died in service. This is not why I served. This is not why colleagues have died.
So who has the power to appoint one? Make this happen.
@AP President Trump is cleaning house and draining the Obama swamp!
So how do we get one???
Treasonous Republicans EXPOSED to the WORLD that they are complicit and corrupt without ETHICAL STANDARDS for Government and will LOSE SOON
To use your words Senator, what the f is this?  Comey is the last straw.  INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION NOW!
Sally YATES is looking 4 work ?!!!
@AP Do not back down on this. So many conflicts of interest here it doesn't even pass business law 101. Just sickening.
Don't say anything at all. That would be best for you.
I'm not a constituent of yours but I am a fan. Enough is enough. We have to get to the bottom of this. Please!
the same time as a we get a special prosecutor to look into Hillary Clinton's emails
DEMAND INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION NOW....
ASK THEM WHAT ARE THEY HIDING....
WHAT'S TRUMP AFRAID OF?.."They fired Sally Yates. They fired Preet Bharara. And now they fired Director Comey
Its of national security importance to appoint RUSSIANGATE  to a  special prosecutor.
This will only happen if you refuse to cooperate on ANYTHING until a special prosecutor is actually named.
How does a special prosecutor come into existence, but more important, what are odds for it happening?
Great. Make it happen. You all are the only ones who can actually make it happen. We voted for you. Now do the damn work.
@AP How much $ did PParenthood pay you from #PPSellsBabyParts ?
Please stop Russia-baiting and fomenting a new Cold War. Focus on issues we care about. #Medicare4All #FreeCollegeTuition #FightFor15
Lol  you're such a bias clown
Wait until you find out who is supposed to appoint one.... #AGSessions
Trump is between a rock and a hard place. He hires a supporter, he loses. He hires a non-supporter he's eventually locked up.
I heard Trump and Putin are gonna have a BBQ together. Hang out. Laugh and have fun. I think, fantastic! Getting along creates progression.
I'm proud to have you as one of my senators & proud to have voted for you. Keep up the fight, we are with you.
There is no statute of limitations on Treason
Senator please keep the heat on up there. Save the country  from this rogue dictator.
Comey failed to find anything on Trump over yrs of investigation. U are so good at wasting American $$ on non-crimes former AG of California
Yeah, I nominate Trey Gowdy to be the special prosecutor.
We been dealing with Hilary's private server this long Russia can wait
And to reopen the Clinton inquiry and let a grand jury decide if there's enough information to bring her to trial.
Thank you! Please hurry.
We've been saying it until we're hoarse. Nothing happened. What do we, as constituents & citizens have to do- march on DC with pitchforks?
With all due respect... duh 
We're hearing they want Hillary prosecuted. If Republicans or DOJ persue another witch hunt we will tear this nation down #
Yes, we all know this, what are you doing and how can we help?
Right.  Now Rosenstein is clear to appoint one.
Your honour, can you not bring a RICO CASE against the RNC?
