Thank you @SenKamalaHarris for having America's back!
I say, GET OVER IT!!! Don't spend any more Gov money on this
Fearless Phred is a Fox News junkie. Lost cause!
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you
It's a fact that votes were changed to falsely install Trump + others in office.

We IMPLORE you to meet with @mikefarb1, @MarkWarner @ACLU.
The #unhackthevote team is analyzing millions of data points that prove the vote was manipulated.

It's science. Based on data, @tedlieu.
Will U seek the truth regarding the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action #JCPA blunder by the @BarackObama Admin which funded terrorists?
Jeez sessions is such a pushy little asshole no respect for anyone except loser trump
Unfortunately this will bring out the trolls. Always does. 
Sigh!

Hang in and keep fighting the good fight! 2020 Ma'am
They are trying to bring her down from the left and right. Bernie bros in full attack mode and fellow senators trying to silence her.
I'm  getting s little sick of the Tea Party of thr left.
1/ Yes! What's the difference between liberals and cannibals? Cannibaks don't eat their own.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
@SenTomCotton @SteveScalise @SaraCarterDC @JudicialWatch @JudgeJeanineGPS @Steven31015146 @doug69 @digthecoach @robbieredlv,Military?u pay
Unless one of your friends is obstructing justice and destroying evidence.
It's a waste of time and money. That's all it is.
"I'M WITH HER" @SenKamalaHarris ASS KICKING ANGELINO
More Senators like this please......
It's not a fact-finding mission. It's our whole govt searching for a crime. It's really really disgusting. American people are sick of it!
http://politicsinfos.com/damning-footage-goes-viral-this-is-why-hillary-wasnt-charged/ …
Getting the truth here is the most important thing our country can do at this moment in our young and fragile history.
Like the ending! It must be disconcerting to be questioned by a bad-ass prosecutor with that smile.
If that's true then why aren't you looking at all the bogus votes from illegals and dead people, courtesy the Democratic party.
Except in the case of HRC...But that's the past. If Bob Menendez is convicted, will you support his expulsion from the Senate?
Russia War, https://www.yahoo.com/news/russia-preparing-massive-war-don-103208378.html?soc_src=social-sh&soc_trk=tw … via @YahooNews
Loved this interview - she is one smart woman - and seems to be quite honest - so refreshing!
You don't care about the truth. The real truth is anything to obstruct Trump. Russian collusion confusion delusion illusion is really a joke
Dems will be remembered in 2018 for wasting 2 years. Keep looking.
How about investigating politicians who routinely take millions from corp. & look the other way while our water, land, & air is poisoned?
Are You Opposed To The Idea Of Having Our Votes On Public Record? There Are Counter Arguments However, This SOLVES The Issue: I Voted For...
Online Voting: More Of A Direct Democracy. And LEAVE YOUR VOTES UP. This TOTALLY SOLVES VOTER FRAUD.

#TrumpRussiaCollusion 
#PenceRyanSessionsKnew
#RemoveDeVos
Fact finding mission on a bogus charge?  Good one. Why don't you look into the real crimes committed by the clintons??
And u r so into "fact finding" that u r against it when comes to men accused of sex abuse in college
The investigation into Russian interference in our election is a fact-finding mission & I’ll always seek the truth. 
U the coolest.

The truth is that #Russia is a hoax and we're tired of hearing about it!
Yes, thank you Lu. It's a ridiculous falsehood
What's the best one word sentence presented as an answer during this clip?

"No."
@SenKamalaHarris I believe you. But that thang sessions can't be trusted
That's why we love you @SenKamalaHarris   Eliminate the Alt Facts !!
It's also a criminal matter. And an effort to bypass the will of the peole. And an attack on our democracy. And conspiracy. And treason.
Loved this interview. Kamala Harris is a breath of fresh air...smart, personable and funny. Ari did a great job with the interview.
Obfuscation of the truth is Trump's mission to scuttle Russian interference investigation
Seeking facts where none exist? 
#Productive
...we can but nobody else can. This attitude is counter productive. Your story line always smells. Good luck. You need it.
...the election of another country. Look how we fight wars to keep or take people out of power. It is horse shit how "we" always think...
...what interference actually changed the outcome? We put "our" hand in every election. Every country is entitled to influence the...
Not finding much on the other side of the fence.  Look in your back yard.
I am in love with Kamala Harris!  Go get 'em, Tiger!!
@KamalaHarris , please don't self promote already, its toooo soooon @AriMelber
Please don't run already, tiring
Stop pretending that Democrats didn't cheat the primary knowing that Hillary would lose. Dems in office CHOSE this.
As long as it serves your political agenda
Kamala Harris has this sunny disposition that will serve her well if she does run in 2020!
Progressivism without the crazy!
And to think Berniacs don't like this woman! This brilliant woman!

Slay
Great interview! So happy to have you representing us. You have a bright future ahead! Keep up the great work!
keep speaking truth to corruption
When I was watching the interview I thought FFS why don't the two of you get a room. 
Tell me how many times has the US interfered in other countries elections via CIA or funding rebels that later try to kill us
#kamala2020 
Regardless I am very glad Clinton is not in office giving the events of Benghazi she is careless with problems and acting proactively.
The truth is that the Trumps lie and the GOP are sheep.
Fact finding my a$$
Oh ur still on that? Don't pass any legislation or anything like that. Looking good for 2020. Lol

Hey Karma are you seeking the truth about @SenatorMenendez (currently on trial for bribery) & @DWStweets #AwanBrothers?
Kamal hates Americans. She loves convicts, illegals and hates small businesses, the law and the middle class.
Find any new facts? True ones, not made up ones.
Kamala I'm getting the feeling that knowone in congress is taking this serious enough. Do you plan to set on those hands or to stop him?
Thank you for your smart, sane, compassionate voice in the Senate!
Funny how the 6th sense of Prosecutors always knows when someone is Lying. U can say it Kamala, Sessions lied Trump Lies
2020
Like a boss! 
What happens when we learn the truth? There is no precedent for this kind of warfare. Do we take it on the chin? Retaliate? Clean house? 
We throw the bums out and prosecute them all for treason. People should die in prison for colluding with the enemy. They get no leniency.
This woman is st to RIDE ON the Trump Syndicate. She needs some locs on right now! 
Marry me!

millions of dollars wasted on the Trump-Russia connection, Senator.  The real crime is with HRC, Lynch and Comey
Glad to have you in the people's corner. Please keep looking for the truth, and I'd be glad to vote for you in 2020 should you run.
thanks 4 spending more time on this pointless pursuit! makes perfect sense-you've been at it for over 6 months&nothing has come to light! 
excellent interview so glad you are doing interviews now as well. Uneed to be more in the public eye :-) txs for all you do
Good. Hope you support prosecution of Menendez and Debbie Wasserman Schultz too.
The end result should be punishment for all involved that colluded on a harmful purpose against #AmericanDemocracy  n #AmericanConstitution
Sen Harris, California is watching you.BRAVO
Did Russia have the dead voting, Kamala?
#Harris2020. Has a nice ring to it doesn't it? A leader who stands positively for ideals, while also standing up against injustice. Nice!
I think the GOP are scared to death of you. I love it! May u b the 1st woman Pres my mom didn't get to c but wanted to c so much.
...unless you want me to prosecute banks for fraudulently foreclosing on homeowners. Then I'm like...
Thank you Senator. We need your persistence and integrity. I'm glad you are there.
Ahh of course, let's focus on non productive tasks, instead of doing your elected job. You know, like cutting spending, reducing debt.. ect
Time you were in bed.
you are Hillary Clinton in disguise, even if you support single payer health care, your history won't.
Being a Cali Native and trust Me You do not want #KamalaHarris investigate You. She's has an Uncanny ability to find the truth.  
#Facts
Haha 6 months and her hands are as empty as her crotch is.
.@SenKamalaHarris President Kampala Harris
What have you found so far and how much of our money has been spent. Stupidity!!!
This is what it looks like when a politician does their job. Harris for POTUS in 2020
You go with your badass self!!
Thank You Senator
.@SenKamalaHarris What's taking so long to impeach #DonaldTrump
She needs proof or lies or something. It's been 6 months, maybe 41 months she will find something.It has cost the taxpayer 28 million so far
Yup!
I was very impressed by your questioning of Sessions at the last hearing. Also a little entertained by how you made him "nervous"
Kamala, don't let them silence you!
What is your desired outcome of this fact finding mission dear?
since when have we allowed special investigations to become fact finding (fishing) expeditions ? I thought they were to investigate a crime
We love you Kamala!
Think it is treasonous that @RepGoodlatte doesn't think it warrants a probe in House.
It appears that you already have a conclusion that you are trying to fiddle facts to support. You failed us as CA-AG, please do better now.
"The investigation into bigfoot is a fact-finding mission & I’ll always seek the truth." Kamala harris
Haha
How about the voter fraud in NH? Are you seeking the truth on that?
Or illegals voting in our mutual state of California?
Thank you.
You go girl.
Such a fact, that the #UndeservingOfThisOffice #Trump refuses to see it as #truth.
It is a fact that Trump colluded & is colluding w/Russia.
#ThankYou @SenKamalaHarris for your vigor/efforts  through our American ordeal. We'll prevail once #Trump & the Repug succession are removed
Please nail these fuckers
Follow Trump's money & it will lead you to all the evidence you could possibly need to boot his corrupt ass out of office!
Russian interference in our government is ongoing and some of it is aided by @GOP.
@manuel54 we have to Do it. And impeachment,.litigation by lawyers from.the democratic colleagues
Please run for president! Running mate Ron Perlman, is a no brainer. #Perlman2020 not an uninformed celebrity, very informed!!

It's fantasy. You must believe the world is flat also.
We learned a GREAT DEAL by watching Sessions' Investig. Comm. hearing! Thanks for being our Diogenes that day.
Complete failure then...no facts found.  Might look at that Clinton / Russian Uranium deal though.
Bot, bot, bot, bot, bot, bot, bought. Complete failure.
Keep at Sen Harris. 2020 is looking great for you. Persist.
#Resist
Don't ever let them make you feel anything but awesome for doing what you do best. Can always count on you!
YES! Just Now 1:32pm CT. your tweet (notification) Twitter Video, yesterday I've watched longer duration videos, @AriMelber #TheBeat
2/2  TRUTHFULLY, (Family) @SenKamalaHarris, I was trying to let you know yesterday, that I'm There TRUTH, even though I was late @MSNBC
I really enjoyed this interview! So great to listen to a smart, driven woman, who cares about us! Kamala 2020!
Great - thank you for your service.  Check into @devinnunes actions for us!
I remember that moment.   It was priceless.  Your smirk after he said that was the perfect response!  Fyi I love your laugh in the interview
Also, Im pretty sure that I use this gif of you way to much on Facebook! I would have loved 2 know what u were thinking about in that moment
Probably "what a fn ass hole". 
That's all we ask of you.  Oh, and that you'll strongly consider running for potus in 2020 too!  #FlyKamala
Consider? I've already ordered 50 million bumper stickers. It's done.
Right on, Chris!!  We need her now. 
Keep it up We are proud of you Cali
Jeff Sessions looks like the grandmother from Tweety Bird.
Please see thread written by Seth Abramson. https://demu.gr/10029554787 
Indeed, we're counting on you.  Do you realize that @realDonaldTrump met with the new Russian Ambassador today?  Not on his schedule.
Thank you. Please hurry. Everything is either on fire or drowning.
