We need more like him.
WOW! Now we just need for you to become a Supreme Court Justice 
And then there was Clarence Thomas!
House Negro!
Clarence Thomas is a fantastic judge and he is not even in the African American museum! Because he is a republican! This party BS Must stop
term limits ...
Your fellow Democrat, Robert Byrd, voted against confirmation, as did 9 other Dems.  Only one Repub. voted against.
I wish he was still there.
I'm very proud to have you as our California Senator 
Thank you
As well you should be. She is turning into a very good Senator. Although I no longer live in Calif. I remember her as AG and SF DA.
And Donald Trump just asked for proof of his citizenship, questioning the validity of his birth certificate
Need more like Thurgood Marshall on court now
Justice Marshall is definitely top three all time  most important supreme court justices
3 Years from now you will be making history as the first woman President.
I'm with you i say "good morning madam president " everyday plant & watering that seed of belief Hillary cracked the glass she will break it
Two years ago Kamala Harris filed to deny a transgender prisoner a sex change.

Darn these pesky hypocritical facts
And what does that have to do with the price of tea in China? The fact this person was a prisoner means there is more relevance of this?
Well, it has to do with the fact that TWO YEARS AGO, this supposed savior of liberal/LGBT rights completely denied transgender "rights"
Is the hypocrisy just TOO obvious? What's the problem here, sir?
The fact that this person was convicted of 2nd dg murder means his/her right where no where near that of someone NOT convicted ie no surgery
So being a murderer makes you less "transgender" and therefore not as entitled to be who you are?

It's just chaos in your head, isn't it?
His family owned slaves
And, the USA was locked into a horrifying slide into commie, libtard, hippie puke mediocrity ...
Yep, T-Rump was 1st on that bandwagon ...
Yes but Thurgood Marshall was a true patriot not a communist.
my daughter dressed as Thurgood Marshall in 3rd grade...so cute!
He was always a hero of mine. Thank you for sharing the history

And in 2020 YOU could make history as the first minority female POTUS... just saying...
And 3 years, 1 month and 27 days from now we will be celebrating YOUR win as first female POTUS!!!!! RIGHT!!?
BAM!!! Awesome!!!!!
Why can't he just be an American Supreme Court Justice? Why?
Best Justice Ever!
And, oh, do we miss him.
Yes and he was among the best of the Justices
Approximately 3 years ago Kamala Harris failed to prosecute Steve Mnuchin, then took money from him for her campaign? Thanks Kamala!
And then we got Clarence Thomas... sigh.
1967 - first black Supreme Court Justice

2008 - first black President

2020 - first female President
Marshall quit 1991 ill health; Bush pick Clarence Thomas (race). I picked A.Leon Higginbotham Jr. GOP hypocrisy: Gorsuch for Scalia ideolog.
@dani_ghfan After Democrats held up his nomination to Appeals Court in 1961. #CNN ##FoxNews
The one man play starring L. Fishburne was EXCELLENT work. Highly recommended.
Trump wants to roll back the progress we made in Civil Rights. Segregation too.
A significant day. 50 years ago. Now it doesn't seem like we are just going backwards. It feels like we have moved to a different planet.
And i miss him and justice douglas
@JoyAnnReid And the new movie #Marshall looks incredible.
We SHALL overcome -- SOMEDAY.
its ALWAYS about color, right?
One of the best justices ever
Oh, I miss him! Bush's putting the vile @JusticeThomas67 in his seat was the height of (racist?) cynicism.
My hero.
Independents are coming. Watch out, Hillary 2.0! ;P
Yes!!!
Notice President Trump hasn't acknowledged this important event in our nation's history. Of course he wouldn't; Justice Marshall being a POC
He doesn't really know history...
Now that's a #HERO
@LouDobbs @RealBenCarson @CondoleezzaRice @IngrahamAngle - just a question? Why is there not the same effusive praise for Clarence Thomas?
Because the hypocritical left thinks a black man cannot think for himself and be a conservative. They call him an Uncle Tom without fail.
racism on an institutional, govt sanctioned level is dead.  Thanks for the reminder!!
Mention Thurgood Marshall to Trump and Trump will say he's doing a great job with the Destroyers...
Kamala you forgot to add "and yes, I oppose the for-profit prison system that so unjustly impacts people of color." There. Fixed it for you.
Finally brought somethin to the table nice work
Sadly, he was not our first black President. Instead, we got the hump we got.
Good stuff!
I know some people who would actually take that case. Intentional infliction of emotional distress.
U a fraud
I'm loving me some Clarence Thomas too!
I remember that!
And I believe that STILL pisses @realDonaldTrump off! #RegressiveRepublicanParty  #Vile
We need more of him.
Thank you for reminding the world.
He was the 1st almost black SCOTUS succeeded by Clarence Thomas , right?
Remember that day well. Last good SCOTUS appointment for some time. Goldberg/Fortas mess set stage for Burger,Powell,Rehnquist (& Blackmun)
Over the objections by the Democrat Senate.
look how far we've not come
SIGH
sorry; i'm depressed. we went from marshall to thomas; from progressive to uncle tom.
social progress is, unfortunately, a slow slog forward. our short lives limit our understanding/perspective on progress too
I think it's important to remember that the world is safer than its ever been, fewer people are starving, and global poverty is down
Humanity does seem to trend toward something better, but its often two steps forward and a step or two back while were on the journey.
That's how I sleep at night, at least ;)
some days I share your optimism. I have less of those days lately 
Yes Sen Kamala Harris, your tweet (notification) in these mins TRUTHFULLY (Family) @MSNBC now
Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall, someone who gave inspiration to you young in LIFE, related to The Brown vs Bd. of Education  1//1
2/2 Supreme Court Case, Thank you again for further enlightening me.Sen.Kamala Harris of Oakland,CA
I was young, in high school, but I remember that very well.  His confirmation was quite extraordinary.
At Funeral at National Cathedral I chatted up a cop who said he might be able 2 get me in as a filler. one of the greatest honors of my life
More statues of him are neefrd
He is the man!!! A true Civil Rights icon!  And he was the NAACP chief counsel who argued the case of Brown v. Board of Education. #HowardU
Yes! Remembering his life & legacy, always.  #ThurgoodMarshall cc @AfricanaStudies #history
And what an extraordinary Justice he was.... 
Give that prison the funds to trans. just because hes in prison does not stop him being a human being. What your doing is cruel

