And Hillary still isn't president.
Nobody cares anymore, Tom. Get over it.
Leslie, give 'em a break- this is literally all they have to be proud of seeing that ZERO has been accomplished since then lol.
Ossoff isn't in the house either....and in Montana our guy commits assault and battery and STILL gets elected. You need a new message guys.
So? Perhaps most conservatives need to show some dignity and respect. Also, please avoid tweeting irrelevant memes.

/Coming from a moderate

You're crowing about victories in races that were favored Republican districts in the first place.
You go Senator
Yes, many things have changed especially in the year 2017 and not all for the better.
#kamala2020 chant: Do it, do it, do it!
~woOt!!
I got that one correct!
Omg you look beautiful!
I answered that clue at home with immense pride. Congrats Senator.
congratulations!

Congratulations! You made the big time as a question on Jeopardy Woo-Hoo!
I'm glad to have women like you in the Senate, if only we could replace more of the old white men in the GOP.
That's a low, amount...
Please consider running for President.
Our next president is rising in popularity and I'm 110% here for it
I'm embarrassed I couldn't remember your name...I should have gotten that one 
:)
I'm a Democrat & REALLY don't like you (from personal experience). You're making it challenging to maintain that position w stuff like this.
Beautiful lady!
I got that one!
I got that one right! Beautiful picture of you.
So who pronounced your name right? Alex or the contestant?
Senator Harris, can you please take over Dems leadership?
Which one of them pronounced your first name correctly?
Not the one that sounds like "Pamela" -_____-
I didn't think so, but Alex is usually pedantic about pronunciation.
http://www.iagreetosee.com/portfolio/its-pronounced-kamala-harris/ …. It's K-a-m-a-l-a. :)
You go girl! #SistaKamalaRocks 
You are an inspiration to many women but most importantly you inspire all (most) Americans! Thank you for what you do every day!
Yay! You made Jeopardy!
Kind of curious what was in the It's Alright Ma (I'm Only Bleeding) category.
"What are milfs who are also senators"? Correct.
I will take the same 
Far out, Senator Harris!!! You are now a question on jeopardy. An actor friend of mine freaked out when I told him that he was. Good 4 you!
Wow Senator! You look beautiful in this picture #kamalaharris #kamala2020.
Kamala to rhyme with Pamela?  I like Marvel's new Ms. Marvel, who is named Kamala.  Her letter column name? "Hollah at Kamala."
You know you've arrived when you are a clue on jeopardy... and you make the AG nervous! #ThankYou
In 2004, we were introduced to a jr senator from Illinois whose name ppl mispronounced. 4 yrs later, he was elected president! Just sayin'
Right on! from the north, we stand with the!
Can't really get a bigger honor....oh yeah, Madame President has a nice ring
Very cool!
Proud to have you represent us!
Yep, I got it right!!
Awesomeness!!!
I got that one right!!
If ever we needed a voice of reason and new leadership - it's now!!! Thank you @SenKamalaHarris for all you do...
>Laughing< nice retort :)
Am I right in thinking you had to physically restrain yourself from leaping from your chair and beating the piss out of Jeff Sessions?
get voted into the speakership.
Kamala Harris for president 2020
How cool is this 
I am so glad God made you in my lifetime. No matter how evil ppl may be toward you, you are absolutely amazing! You want to be #46 or #47?
YOU made it.....( we knew that) maybe some did not know...
Of course they know you. You're a rock star in the Senate! #fanclub
In 2017 she made poor little Jeff Sessions nervous during her interrogation of him.
We need more like Kamala Harris to stare down those who would steal our resources, degrade our democracy and erode our civil right.
Awesome! U r now a household name. Please run for prez in 2020.
Is it "kuh-MALL-uh" or "KAM-uh-luh" Harris?
So is it Ka-ma-la or Kam-ala? I need to know for the many times I'm discussing my favorite Senator. You kick ass! So appreciate!
May I add that there are a few favorite Senators @SenFranken @SenWarren @SenSchumer @timkaine @SenFeinstein & more. Thanks to all
Kamala 2020  please!

yes they have! we no longer have corrupt President
It's up to you, what you do with this. Choose wisely.
Things changed 8 years and 6 months ago. Now we enjoying the reprecusion of it. Deep in the crapper !
Which one said your name correctly?
Wow. You hit the big time.
You are G O A T -
Go girl!
Total smoke-show in that pic they used.
You were given the answer in advance- right?
Who is Kamala Harris?  Tell us more about this highly skilled litigator who has the usual suspects faking & shaking. 
Yeah, I saw that! Cool, huh? You were amazing at the hearing and you made us all proud!!! Keep up the good work!
You are the future of the party. Keep fighting the good fight.
You've made it now Kamala! I was tickled pink last night when this answer came up! (Also cuz I swept the category!)
Be the CHANGE!
You know you've made it when you're a Jeopardy question! Congrats! 
Yep.  Dems continue to lose and lose and lose some more.  Still haven't acknowledged the country wants to MAGA.  
Future first female president for $2,000
What is #CourageNotCourtesy 
You're The New Face Of The Democrat Party! Keep Up The Great Work, @SenKamalaHarris 
"Things have changed"
You can say that again!
In 2021, a record one woman is president of the United States, namely this woman from California.
He didn't get your name right. Com'on people watch the video!
has @Lawrence seen this? 
That's right! And a 2 THOU$AND $$$ question! 
I'll take Kamala Harris for President in 2020 for our salvation!
I'll take "Yass Queen" for $4000
And you are one bad ass Senator!! ... with all due respect! 
Strong willed, super intelligent & beautiful. Keep fighting for the people!
I'm glad they picked a beautiful pic...wow..nice!!!
Nothing wrong with the Democrats that a charismatic leader won't cure.
You are a beacon of HOPE for our future as a democracy @SenKamalaHarris!
Let's set the record straight though, is it Kaw-maw-luh, or as Alex said...Kah-mah-lah?
Proud to share your party affiliation and values @SenKamalaHarris.
Let's hope they have.

Which begs the question-- which of the two in this recording said your name correctly? (good photo too)
That sounds like an endorsement from Jeopardy for a presidential run. Just saying, is all.
Who is Kamala Harris oh let me anwer that she's very smart and made Ruthless lying Sessions nervous. I raised $4,000.
I'll take Kamala for $2020 Alex.
In the next round, hosted by Jared Kushner, you can "Access to the President" for $500,000.
I did really well in that round. 
You're a badass @SenKamalaHarris 
We are with you and all the Dems doing the right thing.
You're smart, tough and gorgeous. Wish you continued good luck with the good ole boys. 
Kampala is holding a fund raiser for 2knshe will accept change per person of course her motto should I'm not easy but I can be had
IDIOT
Senate-schmenate!!! YOU MADE DOUBLE JEOPARDY FOR $2000! You've made it! (Was kidding abt the "schmenate" part. You can't ever leave us.)
Love Badu on the playlist 
I want to be the first to congratulate you as being the first woman President. Keep up the good work. We see you.
Where is our Prop 1 water,  Looser
First Colbert, now Jeopardy! Keep up the great work... proud to have you for my senator!
"The new one from California" 
Thats so awesome! You have arrived!
Okay @SenKamalaHarris! Way to go. Yes, they have changed. For Good! #Resist
I was on Jeopardy !
love the Kamala
Kamala Harris 2020
Question, burning question - is it KA-ma-la, or Ka-MA-la?  

Thank you from a fellow Californian.
The real answer we're looking for is how to correctly say your first name
You rock!
The most beautiful Woman in Congress.

Alright now!!!!! Way to go Senator!

GOALS!!  #jeopardy
U know u r a rock star when u r an answer on Jeopardy! Can't wait until u r one of the President answers! ♡
You know you've arrived when you're the answer to a Jeopardy question.
Love that Alex corrected the pronunciation
The legend grows
Acknowledged: 4:00pm ct. Senate Voting again Today, I KNOW; Sen. Kamala Harris
soon you will be in the Heros category.
Love it!!!
*wants @SenKamalaHarris to follow me so I can brag to all my friends that I got followed by our future president*
 Cute name you've got there! 
Love it. Haha
OMG!!!!!
Lol, not! Not even close! Priceless in my book!
I aced that question in my house when it came on!
The face of hope
From Jeopardy in the year 2020: "This lady is our first Female President."
AND yet u still use the sexism card... sad.
you look amazing, but wouldn't they have shown a male senator in his work clothes??
You're a beautiful women, but you're still a Communist. Congrats!
I knew that.  Means you've made it to the big time Senator.
So is it pronounced Kamala or Kamala?  Host and the contestant seemed to have it two ways.  Do you go by "the kamster" for short?
So awesome!
Yes , but who pronounced 'Kamala' correctly? Alex or the contestant?
Suprised Alex didn't interupt the Peter while he was trying to ask the question.
"The Peter" should be either "Peter" or "the contestant"! 
Wow, two pronunciations and they're both wrong....at least they got the answer right.
You're a jeopardy question!!! How cool is that!?
Jeopardy is sacred ground. Now you're triply my hero. Bigly!
that's super cool!
ROCK STAR!!!
#Respect
Awesome.  Glad I voted for you.  Keep on fighting the good fight.  We need more Dems like you!
Sweet
Nice, two more to go! ... the NY Times Crossword puzzle and a guest shot on VEEP! 
Haha...nice! Keep fighting, Senator, you've go a lot of people in your corner. 
You say Ka-mala, I say Kamala 
Fame. Louder voice to fight for us.
And he got it right!!!! Love it. More women senators getting ready right now! Thank you for your service!
How awesome is that lady?  Congrats to you :)
Who is the 2020 Democratic Nominee for President?
Ok, there's a record number of women in the senate now, let's work on a record number of democrats next.
Just have a better message than "vote for me, I'm not Trump" like many of these establishment Democrats have neen doing in these elections.
Which special election dem ran with a strong/explicit anti-trump message?
You're amazing. Alex is amazing. Jeopardy's amazing. This makes me happy 
