I did, but I got @JohnCornyn , who doesn't care about peoples lives
I will raise you one @billcassidy and @JohnKennedyLA 
They are both devoid of compassion and filled w/self interest.
They're all disgusting! No regard for human life, no compassion! :(
Mine have no guts either. They refuse 2 do town halls in NOLA. I don't think either have even been 2 my n'hood or anywhere near it. #cowards
Yeah, same here! They want to screw their constituents, but dont want to face them
@johnkennedyla disappeared all together during the last hc debate. I'd been hoping he fufilled his campaign promise of drinking weed killer
Cornyn tweets, that's how we know he's still around
And of course with his show of support of every despicable bill that comes around
@MsDMcLaughlin Why haven't the "dreamers" (of age) begun the process  of becoming legal???
no legal mechanism exists to advance DACA to permanent residence. A 2yr renewable protection from deportation
They cant use the immigration process currently in place? I'm not suggesting its a simple process.
US immigration system allows people to move to more permanence by changing "status" - can't upgrade DACA status
I wasn't suggesting there's a direct method to legalize between DACA and citizenship.

Where is your n @OfficialCBC  sponsorship of a employment plan for #BlackFolks
YES! Co-Sponsor, @SenKamalaHarris, 4:05pm CT in this min your tweet (notification) TRUTHFULLY, , (Family) ; Watched your speech today.
3:00pm @CNN cont'd coverage, Watching @SenKamalaHarris
Let's tell Congress we need an immigration Reform or fix the immigration system!
What about the rest of us?! We need a integral reform to benefit the 11 million of immigrants not just one group in specific.
But let's start with them. It is a huge step forward.
Let's start with those who have a family petition filed for them by a relative and been waiting for over 20 years.
Let's fixed the immigration system that is broken and takes years for an immigrant to finally fix their immigration paper LEGaLLY
I dont trust you

There are 14 million American children that live in poverty. Meanwhile, Democrats are fighting for illegal aliens stealing public aide. 
Im a liberal Dem in Oklahoma. I have no representation. We are political orphans. Looking to you and thankful you're there!
I was hoping you were doing that. So important! Praying the bill will have the votes!
Details?
It was first introduced in 2001 & has been stalled ever since. Here's more info:
Thanks!!!
#BuildThatWall
You are my senator! 
You are my senator! Thank you for sponsoring! Let's make it happen!
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris for all that you do. I hope some day we are able to call you Madame President.
Sadly my senators are @SenatorLankford & @JimInhofe. Unless Koch bros or O&G benefit, they will be against any legislation that helps people
Bummer
I'm totally a new found fan!!! Please continue leading us and giving strong guidance about how to effect positive change
No
My Senator does support the Dream Act, and the majority of the people in my state of Hawaii support it.
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris
Email work but call text support TRUMP
Supporters support TRUMP only PRESIDENT
You are my senator 
#FBR #TheResistance #UniteBlue #StrongerTogether #SaveDACA #DefendDACA #HeroesResist #FollowBackResistance
What if your senator is crap and doesn't give shit? I.e. cornyn and Cruz
You are my Senator! Consider yourself called! And thank you for all the badassery!
Nope! Median age of dreamers is 26. Most entered US age 22 & above. Not child, illegal alians taking US jobs & bens. You  suppt them not me.
I'm old enough to remember when congress did work with each other it's about time you did it again
The dream act allows illegal immigration to continue to stay here! Nonsense!
@SenSherrodBrown @senrobportman Senators, time to speak up for OH Dreamers.
STAY GIFTED AMEN
Thank you! What is the bill number and how can we access the bill on line. Maybe there is hope. Let's keep it alive!
I just called my Senators in #NH @SenatorShaheen @SenatorHassan to save #DACA .Pushed my anxiety aside to call since this is sooo important.
You are my Senator 
Thank God you are my Senator!!
You are my Senator, and I thank you for supporting!
You're a proud sponsor of trying to stay in power by voting in a new constituency who can be bought with welfare and other goodies.
Have to say you've been amazing. I realize the integrity, power and clarity your background brings to the Senate. Thank you.
Too funny for me...you and Dianne are my Senators. So I call others too!
Don't have to.  I know you and Sen. Feinstein will do the right thing.
I'd call you but that seems superfluous. Also, 
Ok. While we're at it, can we have free school lunch like MY? And what abt absolving deebt for heald college students?#resist
Since you're mine ... I will assume this tweet works
Thank you for your representation.  You are doing a great job!
B-b-but you're my Senator, and...you--you know what?  Never mind.  I'll give your office a call anyway...JUST IN CASE. ;)
I have no need to call my senator. You are doing a great Job already. 
Kamala for President 2020 !!
Thank you, senator!
Thank you, Senator Harris.
Thank you Senator Harris! I've called to express my support. Let's fill those phone lines!
Link to details please. A dreamy name doesn't tell me what's in it.
Glad to have you as my Senator! Does a tweet count as a phone call?  I enjoyed your interview with Lawrence.
My Senator is @SenTomCotton - in other words it's like talking to a wall. But I hope it passes in spite of him.
Pls run, and you should, do your research, do countrywide fact finding meeting. Follow HRC when she went after Sen seat in NY. Want U!!!
You're my senator.  Thank you!
Also tell them this... Thank you!
No Budget $$$ for USA SLAUGHTERHOUSE Inspectors
AMERICANS DO NOT EAT HORSES.
@rediornot49 @SenKamalaHarris WE DO NOT WANT SLAUGHTER HOUSES IN AMERICA! PROTECT HORSES!
Done
Lucky to have excellent @SenSchumer and @SenGillibrand who support #DreamAct2017
I have contacted my Ohio Congressional delegation & urged their support! #DACA 

@SenSherrodBrown @senrobportman
@RepBradWenstrup
Why is it dems always against Americans.? Dacas, Muslim refugees, illegal aliens. What side are they on, why do they HATE Americans.?
My senator is a piece of shit @tedcruz will never take the moral high ground
LOL you ARE my senator!
Just be careful and don't allow yourselves a false sense of security with trump. We've all seen how quickly he turns
Most aren't kids.
And this isn't technically legal.
Why support it?
Let's get homeless Veterans off the streets.
America First. 
Hoping the phone lines are flooded & that the bipartisan bill passes !! Good Luck! and Thank You for all your efforts!!
You're my Senator & I'm thrilled to vote for you again! We need to make elections fair & count so will of the people sticks &DREAM can pass.
Hey! YOU'RE my Senator! Thanks!

Can I tweet you instead?  I am completely in support and am your constituent. Thank you for your courage and service
Use '5 Calls' app

Thank you
Glad you are my senator
What price are u ready to pay? There will be an infrastructure package with projects prioritized by Trump. It will include a wall. #DreamOn
Love Kamala!
You are my Senator! Please do all you can to help our Dreamers. CA and the US wouldn't be as good without them.
This is the right thing to do. It should be a bipartisan bill, and there is no ethical reason why republicans should vote against it.
We love you Kamala please run for president.
I will. Thanks for your leadership
LOL. You’re my Senator. 

You go girl. You’re doing a great job!
President 2020 jsn
You ARE my Senator!  And thank you for your hard work! 
Sure you are. You are a politician that believes government has a blank check, America/Americans are the last priority, and new Latino votes
This is called legislating.
That stand alone veto proof DACA bill has not been signed yet? Why not? It should. Shame to drag anyone through that type of so-called love.
Thankful that you are my senator!
I'm so proud & grateful that you're MY representative! Thank you for fighting for the heart & backbone of our beautiful country 
don't forget to text @botresist to fax your Senators as well! 
Just keep Bernie Panders out of DNC & from running again. He helped ruin ACA,DACA,EPA,SCOTUS,POTUS & world by splitting DNC 4 trump
What are the highlights of your act or should WE just trust you Socialist Democrats. How about#Resist?
You are my Senator!!! Go get 'em!! You have my full support!
Help me out here.  This is going around FB.
Fear comes mind. 
Thinking you could be busted & deported at any time, you don't go outa your way to point out your immigration status(?)
Don't want to draw attention to your parents/family?
I'm just guessing, but yeah - the more invisible you are, the less likelihood for trouble from INS; for you, mom, grandpa - everybody
Thank you! My former neighbors, Dreamers and younger, US Born siblings, thank you!!
What are you saying to the millions of immigrants that are immigrating legally? How cruel you are
You ARE my senator, and THANK YOU. 
What to do next?
I will call but frankly I am sick to death of calling my Senator's urging them to do the right thing! I am sick to death of calling them!!!!
Thank you Senator. My senators @SenatorDurbin and @SenDuckworth are well aware of my support for dreamers!
Hey Kamala who's paying for all of the people? Oh the hard working middle class. Ok. Good luck with that message
Who do we call to demand that you work more than 12 days a month?
Ah no
@GOP These kids have earned a path to citizenship. I stand with #Dreamers
trivia
Mnuchin gave $ to 36 Dems incl Gore, Kerry, Hillary, Obama, Kamala Harris & Michael Wildes. Gave to 11 Reps incl Romney, Ryan, Trump
"Mnuchin...Congress to consider clean debt limit legislation — without any spending cuts — tied to disaster relief for Hurricane Harvey"
No spending cuts? lol  I'm so ... not surprised
I'm grateful that you are my Senator! #DreamAct #DACA #Dreamers
If you keep this up I'll hafta move to CA. hope to #vote for you in #2020.
You are my senator, so whoot!
@SenFeinstein on board too, right?
If only party leaders had the opportunity to stand up for Dreamers, like during a negotiation with trump where they had the upper hand
Thank you for your leadership
Watched you on C-Span. Good Job!!! What's odds of this getting done on stand alone bill w/o including full immigration reform?
But you are my senator, so I will just say thanks,  and good job!
"Dreamers are Americans in every way except a piece of paper." That piece of paper  = the laws of our country, which you swore to uphold.
#ProtectDREAMers #impeachNaziInChief
Proud to say you are my Senator! Thank you for standing up for our democracy!
Only if these young people get a path to citizenship.We can't send them back to a place they don't know.They're American if they want to be
All Alabama's Representatives are TAKs, Trump Arse Kissers!
I am from Alabama, it won't do any good!
I dream of politicians who will stop taking more and more of the money I earn.
Why isn't Bernie a co-sponsor? You need to distance yourself from him. #neverbernie #ImStillWithHer
As one of your constituents, I appreciate you constantly doing what I ask of my representatives. #DreamAct #daca
Thank you, Senator Harris!
@SenatorHassan #DreamAct #DefendDreamers
Thank you!  You are my Senator... and you make me so proud to live in California! Please run for President in 2020!!
Can we read it somewhere? How is it listed?
Thanks for the interview with @Lawrence and for the respect you have for your role in public service. We need more like you!
I did! I called you! Thank you. 
You are my Senator. Is DiFi on board?
DiFi is on board
Excellent
Umm ... NO.
May I also call my senator and ask for free healthcare like they get?
Thank you 
You are my senator, and I'm proud of you!
I'm jealous
You are my senator and I thank you for cosponsoring this legislation. #DACA
My Senator Marco Rubio acts like we don't even exist! If you are a Democrat or outside of Miami, your nothing. Thankful for Nelson.
Why would I call to support when I don't know what it is. Where can I find it
Make the call & keep calling! Lets make congress finally work for the people! #Dreamers
We need immigration reform
Will do!
@senrobportman @SenSherrodBrown please support the Dream Act. From Aurora OH
I'll contact my representatives and inform them their citizens are tired of illegal law breakers taking our money and benefits. #Trump #MAGA
So do we call you?? Ha ha...am CA resident. Thank you!!!!!!
Done, and mentioned you by name. Thank you for being so damned awesome! 
Thank you for your leadership!
@HappyLambSpins Kamala you are trying to hard.
I'll call Corker....thanks
I did, but @RepMarthaRoby @lutherstrange Richard Shelby do not care a bit about children
Puerto Rico is getting slammed on multiple fronts! Don't forget us because we where colateral damage ...legal means you where taken!
Can you please give back & denounce all corporate $$$ please?
Thank you!!
You're my senator! Thank you!
Plse correct the record re DACA legality Trump et al say DACA unconstitutional, illegal. SCOTUS has not ruled. Many scholars say DACA legal
Great! Finally congress is starting to do what we need them to do work together! Next making the ACA work - the challenge to help all!
Thank you Senator Harris! #DefendDACAِ #DREAMAct
I would but you *are* my senator :) Can retweet your message though :)
Thank you Kamala for working so hard for us for our Country!
Thx 4 caring about illegal immigrants more than my 13yo tht wont get college paid for..& bumped frm admission & jobs so DREAMER can prosper.
I'm proud of you and you are my senator.
Or dont..
You ARE my Senator! (Thank you!). California stands with the #Dreamers
You are my senator thank you
I'll say it again and again- thank God YOU ARE my Senator. Thank you so much!
You cannot spell cosponor.  You are the worst CA US Senator ever elected
Why the heck hadn't you done it before? You needed a Republican President to push you. Hilarious!
Thank You Senator Harris! 

Thank you!
Mine (CT) are in!
Can't support it until I read it. Did you post it for the public??
Kamala 2020!
You and Co-sponsor Sen Feinstein are my reps. Thank you!!
You are my senator

Thank you.
Thankfully you are one of my senators!!!!  Go, Sen. Harris, Go!!  Get this bill passed.
I am proud that you are my Senator. Thank you for continuing to fight for the Dreamers.
How'd you get something ready in a day when the left has had years!
Unfortunately you are one of my 2 liberal pandering Senators. I prefer reading before  agreeing but your history tells me I won't like it.
I want my Senators to pass laws that benefit legal citizens before passing anything for illegal aliens - healthcare, the Wall, tax reform...
I would if you weren't my Senator, but California voters had enough sense to vote for those who represent the working class, children, etc
Kind of nice when we have sense!
Thank you Senator Harris.
You are my senator, get it done!
You're my Senator...and I couldn't be more proud!
Thank you Senator
Love my state. Talk to Ron Wyden to see were in 100%.
Of course you are a proud sponsor. You dont want to lose 800,000 potential libs. Now you are cooperative. Phony.
Listening to the media, 6 months wasn't long enough to do something, yet you already have something. Why did it take so long?
Thank you Senator Harris.
Didn't expect less from you. Thank you. Keep it up..
You're my Senator! Keep up the great work!
Thank you!
have to own the problem.   So  Who's the actual hero?  I'll wait
