So, you're saying we should go to single-payer, universal coverage? Right? Right? Take your time. I'll wait.
What are you waiting for? She's already said she's in favor.
Missed that. What'd she do about it?
Just spoken in favor. No one except Conyers has done anything about it yet.
Sirry, no. There's a guy named Bernie who made it THE THING and people like Obama and Hillary who crapped it.
He hasn't done anything about it yet, and he didn't invent anything. There's no single payer bill in the Senate yet but there will be.
Every Dem, plus Sanders, is focused right now on killing the GOP bills and preventing repeal of ACA. He'll introduce a SP bill later
Every damn sellout dead party DEM is directly responsible for this mess, esp. Obama and HRC.
Because they choose not to join.. your very misinformed or just not telling the truth
The republicans have now given up on repeal and replace. Now McConnell is asking Dems to fix ACA! Losers!
GOP are talking skinny like Auschwitz skinny.
Maybe if the Democrats would work with the GOP they could come up with something better but your too busy resisting
It got up for discussion and that is more than it deserved.. Dems aren't in control, still blame them tho, they had orig plan ACA
Can you tell us how much money #HealthInsurance company share holders and Hospital Systems make n PROFITS?
Tragic state of affairs when only 'progress' that seems to be made is just NOT passing something that would be a disaster.
can you show us those numbers? because some democrats are quoting 21 million, CNN's quoting 31 million? Which is true? show us data
Thank you for all your hard work!!
Alot of those losing coverage are Trump supporters who believed him when he claimed they'd be taken care of.
Every time you guys talk about premiums being raised just like acceptance of the facts which are none. Raised for profit nothing else
Ironic that a bunch of fat white men would call anything "skinny"
Give everyone FREEDOM to buy into MEDICARE, aka,...... FREEDOM to buy into MITCH MCCONNELL's HEALTHCARE  PLAN.
And shutting down Planned Parenthood for a year will guarantee it will be finished for good.
Obamacare ismy working either Kamala. I've seen a 30% spike in my premiums and I lost my PCP and OBGYN. What are YOU doing to fix it?!?
Yes, but the ACA's fixes are easy, and whatever its faults, it's far better than what the Republican Party keeps trying to screw us with.
Keep fighting. We appreciate you!
Single payer!
Absolutely terrible, needs fixing that just made it worse
Trump is using Hitler and Russian playbook to run the country.....keep the poor where they are and keep the rich richer!!! They need slaves!
Thank you for REPRESENTING the "PEOPLE" as stated in the Constitution.  I applaud your efforts.
Give everyone FREEDOM to buy into MEDICARE. It would fix a lot and how can Rs object to a free choice?
Do the math 200% ACA increase for some or 20% increase in premiums. What's terrible is Obamacare, voted in by all DEMs. Someone has to pay!
This Repeal crap is like when @CocaCola kept trying to slip New Coke on us. We didn't buy that then, we're not buying this. Just fix ACA.
Better than 26 million, #DrainTheSwamp
Where did you get your number 16 million? Cause there's only 10.6 enrolled! Don't stretch facts! Stick with truth!
Are you for Medicare for all Senator?
if it is that bad then why not come up with an alternative? Dem need to shut up or put something on the table. Saying no is not a fix..
They are killing Seniors, One of these day's the very wealthy I hope a bill passed that have to pay higher taxes to return to the poor
Thank you for fighting so hard for us.  Praying that there is good news tonight.
Please run for president. We need another dumb woman that we can easily defeat.
Yes but take a look at how many with employer based insurance will be without insurance
Just, if you run....please don't get involved with establishment donors.
@SenateGOP Spineless Frauds and Liars
***IT'S A TRICK. MITCH IS GOING TO DO THE FULL REPEAL IN PEICES. 30M WILL END UP CUT..JUST SLOWER. CAN'T YOU SEE IT? THEY'LL HIDE IT !!****
So this bill takes away Medicare
Please run! That being said...It's only terrible if you work for a living....technically. 
You are aware of Obamacare?  Complete disaster.
If it wouldn't hurt so many I would say give them what they want, let them see the truth of how much the Repubs. don't care. But I do care.
@Alyssa_Milano Did it pass?
I don't believe for a second they don't want this to become law,,they are just trying to pass the buck
hike yearly
All of us with preexisting conditions have barely been able to sleep on a nightly basis. This is terrifying. Keep up the good fight.
The mandates are what make the whole thing work. This is so frustrating.

FACT: The very 1st Congress (containing 17 framers) passed Health Insurance Mandate in 1792 http://www.newrepublic.com/article/politics/102620/individual-mandate-history-affordable-care-act … #Trumpcare vs #Obamacare https://twitter.com/CandaceTX/status/839570443707289605 …
Nothing passed on the GOP side or the DEM side is going to make immediate repairs to what Obama care did it will take time now years to fix
So get started, stop trying to UNDO a SOMETHING to start with NOTHING, get to work there is a lot to do!

#fight#resist
So how is this "relief"?
You snowflakes really have nothing to worry about...most of the GOP lawmakers are almost as addicted to big government as you whiners are
Who comes up with these terms anyway? Wouldn't "lard ass" repeal be more appropriate? Just saying.
Elections have consequences-Barak Obama
That's because those 16 million people will drop there covrage because they were forced to bye it.
Sorry you and your supporters think government is better suited to make my healthcare decisions then I am. This is why you lost.
Do they have any excuse for this or is them being paid off the elephant in the room?
Where's your proof?
@GOP criminal negligence.
Kamala wants the ACA to remain. Here's the current map showing the exchanges available or lack thereof.

And if they pass it, the house will slam dunk it.
GOP has slapped so many bandaids on this thing, it's like a wad of discarded gum!
It's pitiful.
It's disgraceful
It's the epitome of fiscal irresponsibility.
Remind the GOP that the skinny repeal isn't a sub sandwich for dieters.  They might not know as no one has seen their invisible bill
Exactly
Have you seen the spikes under ACA?  Stop the political nonsense and fix health coverage so it is actually affordable health care!
OMG, it's absurd to refer to any aspect of GOP/Trumpcare as a win.  That's GOP bull shit for "another big con of their voters."  Get real.
GET A CLUE !
Maybe get a job mcdonalds offers health care. People are conditioned to take, but something's you gotta work for
Republicans are so pathetic with their 'pass anything' agenda. We waited 7 years for this bulls*t? Please!
Do your job. Thanks
REPUBLICANS...determined to pass this shity bill they have resorted to threatening tactics...WTF...IS THIS THE USA?
Agreed.
Everyone in America. Remember. These people have wonderful insurance that WE pay for yet they are working very hard to make sure we don't.
Take 'em down already! What's the fight plan ?
but but that other guy said it was going to be wonderful healthcare.
16 million says kamal harris. 22 million says Diane Feinstein. Democrats still cant get their lies straight.
What about all the folks who can't afford insurance under the current plan and have to pay a tax premium. How many millions does thataffect
Still waiting for you to come out as a trans
Ok, @KamalaHarris ...fight for us!
You have my full support
Thank you for continuing to fight for the literal lives of Americans!
What do you say to those people? Mis Harris Single payer raise my taxes more? And people that don't pay taxes get same coverage as them fair
You do realiaze there are TAXPAYERS that don't have ins. now because they can't afford it and there are people who don't pay taxes have it!
Looks like that is what we are going to get though.
How do you know... you failed the bar exam.
You said it!
What is this HS? The @GOP is going to vote yes on a horrible, fraud of a bill -- IF Paul Ryan "promises" to make sure it doesn't become law?
It's really important to remember - they don't care about the health of the people; they care about the wealth of themselves & donors.
We don't trust this admin majority so anything with a shady name like "skinny repeal" is even more suspicious.
Agree my premiums are high now at my work
Acknowled (notification) Sen.Kamala Harris, TRUTH
Atrocious for a potential 16 million people losing their Health Care Insurance, also  a 20% increase (spike) premium - hike up; TRUST I Read
No! YOUR not still seated there from earlier voting,Sen.Kamala Harris, but in camera view now at times.TRUTHFULLY, Senate Chambet
Learn a lesson on how the process works. https://twitter.com/NewDay/status/890181198940696576 …
All you know is gloom and doom. Not helpful to anyone.
.@Scaramucci: "Whether it's repeal and replace or repeal and delay," we are moving to "freer system" of health care 
It's skinny because there is no meat! We want a Bill with some protein,veggies,carbs AND dessert! Real care,low cost,easy to sell
Sadly, we will never get that because healthcare has become an industry of profiteers. They'll force Americans into bankruptcy for more $$$.
Thank you for fighting and keeping "us" informed.
I'm so surprised of your comments: this is the result of Obamacare! & you present it as Trumps fault! Stop lying ...
it also will destabilize the markets down the road. RISK POOLS. They are a real thing.
Typical GOP bs with Skinny repeal
Which republican is saying that they want that bill to become law? Which one said it was a fix? Please clarify 
What do you call now the hike in premiums under your savior Obamacare
Pockets getting fatter, and fatter for rich! Way to go Republicans,  sell us out for them!
Would you help me @SenKamalaHarris? Since you actually care about ppl-ask @SenCoryGardner if he plans on EVER talking WITH constituents?Thx!
It's almost like the GOP hasn't a clue how to get people insured. They had an idea 25 years ago about a mandate or something.
Not sure whatever happened to that idea.
I'd like to know about please! 94558
Gimme back my HMO ! 
Yep a piece of crap
.This saddens me. The whole game. Why can't we just cut to the inevitable in this country. Single payer is the ONLY answer. Sad!
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1424748004257377&id=937337612998421 …
It would sound even worse if you said 20 million, and a 30% spike. Try it
Repealing healthcare for the skinny wallets they don't care about so they can bring health to the Fat Cat donors' bank accounts.
There's only about 10 million insured now. Stop lying. We r not stupid, but u Dems sure r.
You are a LIAR!!
The ACA stripped away millions of Americans' healthcare. Now they cant even afford the unAffordable Care Act. Wherr are my 2500K savings?
Deathcare and tax break for the greedy rich Democratic Party will vote no I hope the Republican party vote no too
Ridiculous excuse for voting for it that repubs are giving, won't be passed in the House, isn't right. No guarantee. This bill needs to die.
@DevinNunes has done an amazing job exposing the illegal activities of the Obama admin spying on U.S. citizens.
What's the hurry, @SenateGOP? You can't justify the process or substance.
Hard to believe premiums would only rise 20%.
@InSpiteOfTrump I don't get the business of voting for it to have it not become law? Not mean enough, pushing to the House?
And people will die!
They are going to kill me.  Slowly...
Come on fight back.
Dear @SenateGOP How about "We were wrong. Vast majority of people don't want it. We'll work with Dems."  You might even earn some respect.
They just want 2scrap insurance for16 million people instead of allowing 2keep whats in place and fix probs they see..POLITICIZED it
The R speeches in senate RIGHT now only complain about ACA problems.. so they need to fix it not replace it. But they never tried to fix it
And Republican rationalization for their support of it is disgusting
So why didnt u vote yes for single payer that put foward for a vote.
NOTHING HAS HAPPENED YET
Will anyone go all Scaramucci in the senate chambers?
I don't know about ya'll but even with a full time job I can't afford a 20% increase...and I'm healthy.
Kill the bill, the only way.
I'm positive that 20% figure is only the minimum. Not the reality.
When do you think the vote will happen?
Republicans have a sick sense of Really great health coverage! It's like a Trump headline, Sex, Lies and Video!
But if we keep  Obamacare, 22M will be uninsured.
Frankly terrified about what's happening. Medical care shouldn't be on list of what makes people go bankrupt. #resist
Sadly, it's also bankrupting the US (partially). I often ponder whether the healthcare industry would completely collapse if people said /1/
that's enough greed and just stopped using the services, even if they would die as a result. Insurance profiteers are to blame as well. /2/
Avg Americans don't earn enough to offset all these mandatory insurance costs and other taxes that get more expensive every year with no /3/
cost of living wage increases. So, inevitably the whole system will fail miserably. We need some negotiated caps or cost control laws.
It's "a fraud  ... a disaster" or so says @LindseyGrahamSC as he prepares to vote yes.
It's not a repeal! It's not a fix! It's not even a legislative processe. And now we are going to solve it by demanding promises!
Kamala the Senate parliamentarian has to rule against this going to conference  because conference can only be used to reconcile 2 bills.
Fear mongering isn't leadership...  What's the right answer?
At this point I wish I could move to Antarctica.
And yet 788B was approved for border security. The #POTUS needs to re-evaluate priorities.
Don't stop calling! @BobCorker @SenAlexander @SenJohnMcCain. Don't rape /murder America. You GAVE yourselves healthcare! Where's your heart?
Locked in a bank vault, alongside their other horcruxes.
Let Obamacare implode, start from scratch!
This is free market capitalism laid bare, when you will let people die to pad your balance sheets we'll never have equity. #SinglePayerNow
Please. You have to make this stop.
this is is terrifying, that our senators would vote on a bill that they don't actually want to be a law. This can't be the only way.
Thank you for fighting for Americans!  We will keep calling Rebub senators.  This bill, who knows what it is, cannot pass the senate!
Its 2017 - Get on Board the #TrumpTrain or get ran over!  #MAGA

You wish!!
This is a homicide case
Please its not scored you lie.. keep it up we will keep track of your BULL shit
It's a truly Bad Joke without a punchline! Or a prayer. If it somehow squeaks thru,'18 going to bring shock & awe to career politicians, GOP
#SenateGOP is an embarrassment to the notion of democracy and public service right now.
Thank you for your Courage & Fight!!! This must STOP!! 
Please help us and fight the bill @SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC @RandPaul  I would stand to lose everything if I lose my job
How can @LindseyGrahamSC n @SenJohnMcCain vote for smith they hope n pray @HouseGOP won't pass? Russian roulette with pls lives. Disgusting
Don't forget loss of JOBS JOBS JOBS
Please feel free to illustrate how this would effectively promote large-scale job growth.

Shortcut: it won't.
It also defends Planned Parenthood.  @PPact
The so-called “skinny repeal” isn’t a fix at all. 16 million more people uninsured & a 20% spike in premiums. It’s terrible.
@ManuelSillas54 @namcy @Kat_McNamara   @DonaldJTrumpJr  @realDonaldTrump  @SenFeinstein we need to,.impeach this psycho homosexual boyfriend
Handcuff yourself to something and STOP IT PLEASE!!!!
So now you are worried about rate hikes?
Thank you, Senator, for fighting this battle. A terrible name for a terrible bill.
Why have you never responded to my tweets ?
Afraid of a little Rebuttal ?
It is the States Duty !
Not The Failing Feds !
Newsflash: she doesn't respond to your Tweets because she's a Senator and you're an Internet rando.
News Flash ,
I have went up against her in courts before & she lost !
Has it been enough yet? The sooner we're occupying the sreets, the sooner this is over.
This will stop when the current residents are evicted from the WH!! #resist

@realDonaldTrump @SenFeinstein @SenKamalaHarris @MichelleObama @carmendominicci @elba_guera @RuthShepersky1 @ManuelSillas We need to impeach
We don't want a "fix". We voted for #FullRepeal only. You didn't give a damn about our treatment-prohibitive Obamacare premiums, deductibles
So really..WHAT is the chance they will pass it?
Thank you for speaking out! I wonder though if there was a reason you guys aren't filibustering this? Asking for 16 million friends. #ACA
I could be wrong but I think there's a limited debate on this. Senator Harris could tell you
Senator please just say:
Republicans don't care if you have Healthcare
Republicans don't care if you have Healthcare
#RepublicansDontCare
Democrats want to poor and can't afford insurance
I don't know about the senator but I have no idea what this means
Speak to text sorry
Democrats wants you poor so u can't pay for insurance.... Govt controlled... No thanks
