I hope ur term is dismantled
If you don’t like how the law is written, spend less time grandstanding on Twitter and more working with Senate colleagues to change it.

Can Congress stop it?
They weren't able to stop Obama from breaking the law
YOU Kamala Harris sided with a murderer of my cop friend Issac and I will NEVER EVER forget this
Sorry about your friend but imho a 21 year old getting life in prison is worse than the death penalty. He gets off easy with death penalty.
Please! What is the plan to STOP@this Action? No healthcare for me.
I haven't had healthcare in over a year while President Obama was in office. Can't afford it because he lied. I Couldn't keep my doctor 
Well, maybe the trumpsters who sign up for this tripe will FINALLY realize they’ve been SCREWED when they don’t have the coverage they need!
That could be the dumbest comment I’ve seen all weekend 
Why can’t anyone stop this out of control person?  Something must be done before people start dying. We will have to cancel are insurance!
Thanks to Obamacare I haven't had health insurance in over a year. Can't afford it 
If the consumer has options the insurance companies will straighten themselves out.
ACA is most understood. Americans, not in a group plan and using ACA ARE in a large group giving them access to much more benefits.
Liberals don't understand the def of "Impeachment". U don't impeach a POTUS because u don't like his policies.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Impeachment …
YES IT IS. One step closer to................
He’s making it like auto insurance
Then STOP HIM!!!!!! NOW WE HAVE HAD ENOUGH!! Someone STOP HIM
Seek help or it's gonna be a long 7 1/2 years for you 
Promote ACA as America’s group health care plan. Group benefit from lower costs. Not just for any particular class of wage earners!
Wow!! Most of you sheep are out of your minds. You don't even realize how the Dems have been leading you to the slaughterhouse. Wake up 
Die Obamacare! Die!

DEMS need to get out there to ALL MEDIA &let ALL PEOPLE in ACA &those wanting to sign up where to go& TRUMPS latest sabotage CAUSE
Unfortunately the Russian Trolls elected a Moron to the Whitehouse not a legitimate President
Nine months later and we're still waiting for evidence of collusionSeek help 
Liberalism is a Mental Disorder
White house correspondence dinner
Where it all began
Who's Laughing Now
Really just smoke screen for ending the guarantee for pre-existing conditions.  Shame on Trump and his insurance buddies.
Man, you really are drinking the Kool-Aid. Conspiracy theories. Wow!
so now this? So giving racism a rest for a day or two?
Guess what lady it may be #Affordable to #congress, #Illegals and #Freeloaders, but for those of us who pay for healthcare #ItsNot #Fraud
Get out and vote in 2020? 
ACA worked for me! Start promoting America’s group health care:
She is right, we are trying to sabotage bad legislation as politicians ignore the will of the people. You don't know better Kamala.
Yes it is a attack on Obama Care. Thank God we have a President that can get it done.
Sabotage? Affordable my ass. My husband I paid 580 for a policy3 years ago  that is now worse and we pay 2180. How the hell is that fair?
"If you like your plan, you can keep your plan."

Why did Obama lie and make my plan, and many others, illegal?

Why are we hellbent on arriving at the same place as Venezuela?
It’s time for Congress to have the same crappy affordable healthcare their constituents have
So tell me what parts of ACA affect you in your daily personal life?Premiums?Deductibles?Bet you kept your doctor.
buy your own insurance.  @realDonaldTrump is getting your hand out of my pocket.  stop socialism now
You do realize that Pres Obama took money from from US Treasury by Exc.order which is unconstitutional. Could be considered a High Crime.
You are discrace to all veterans
Sabotage? Too subtle. Actually, he’s going to kill, destroy, decimate, obliterate, wipe out and rip apart the UN-Affordable Care Act! 
I laugh every time i read affordable. BIGGEST LIE EVER..Went from 380.00 a month(before Obama) then jumped to 1050.00 a month. STOP LYING
So to a liberal stopping illegal payments going to a flawed system that was sold to America on proven lies is "sabotage"? #maga
Sabotage; You can keep Your Doctor. (see also, you can keep your insurance)
my max out of pocket went from $2500 to $12,500.
Tell us more about the collapse and rate hikes over 100% in 2016.
Consumer protections? When Insurance companies raise poem fifty percent, we have no recourse! Thanks to the ACA, we are all screwed.
It's called giving people CHOICES.
Something that Libs HATE.
It's not sabotage
It's Obamacare IMPLODING on its own
#LessLibsMoreLiberty
This admin’s so far removed frm reality that they’d sacrifice ppl to give the richest tax cuts. And remove Obama’s name from everything..
Obama’s only legacy will be Donald J Trump 
DT and his associates are infested with A Moral disease, symptoms begin with Lack of Empathy
Ya know, I believe syphilis eats away at the brain. There is a posibility.....
Why can't anyone stop him from destroying us?
How are you being destroyed ?
#MoronInChief
What happened to the promise of helping the middle class ?
CA gets less $ now, already in the red.
Exactly what U have been doing...sabotage! Oh wait that's "resisting" or it is obstruction? All u have been doing all 3. Shut it!
He is hurting Americans. He is crazy. #25thAmemdment
Illegal subsidies, insurance corp profits doubling.....no thanks Kamala
Dems,just keep allowing this sadistic mentally ill destroyer 2 keep running amuck.Just keep talking as he keeps destroying.
Oh,These destroyers of America R just getting warmed http://up.Next ,with malice & glee,they will destroy Medicaid,the poor &elders.
And what will happen when the Americans who buy this cheap insurance are dying?  Hurry, Mueller, please hurry and get him out!
And no one can stop him, Madam?
Hey Fox News your news is all FAKE NEWS!!! You guys are going down!!!!!
.@SenKamalaHarris please do something about #Trumpdumpcare insurance. It will kill us all one day.
Full repeal. Open your mind to something that will work. Can't do it with the broken spine of ACA still around.
Yep what are you and the opposition party going to do in response? Understand fiscal restraint is a nonissue but rather political courage.
Horrible
Protections?  Having your premiums go up by double and even triple digits is protection?
No #Obamacare Just means less profits for insurance and drug companies and hospitals. It wont affect your health or the health of millions
Ahh yes anything that takes away from your iron fisted socialist big government left winged agenda...pppfffttt
Trump will not rest until he debunks every law passed by OBAMA's efforts and his EXCELLENT leadership. 
We stand up to trump!

Think of how much media coverage this would be getting if this guy was a Republican https://www.google.com/amp/www.nydailynews.com/amp/news/politics/sen-robert-menendez-hired-underage-hookers-feds-article-1.2336046 …
Obamacare needs no sabotage.  It's failing just fine on its own.
And no one is stopping him!?!?
It would be nice to have choice instead of just one plan.
IMPEACH MADMAN
if people prefer it to Obamacare policies then it's not junk to them.
Deregulation is a good thing. It means ppl like you are no where near me
When he screws enough people, they will come running.  It may be too late, but sooner or later his followers will realize the consequences.
This is Harris trying to change the Narrative!
Yes, but he can’t really change the law by EO. It’s actually more of a scare distraction from Russia. But let’s not tell him.
@SenKamalaHarris -  please help fight against Trump on this!  We need your help!
con artist @realDonaldTrump selling cheap healthcare with less coverage offering sicker Americans higher premiums. Reminicent to Trump U.
Sen.Harris you are giving those people caniption fitskeep up the good work
How is a market where companies have to compete for business bad?  It’s capitalism, the American Way!
Give us back our health care
Trump hated Pres Obama, for some reason, & must undo everything Pres Obama did. With no regard of ill effects on people. We MUST #VoteOutGOP
The man baby owns it now call it #Trumpcare
And I'm gonna hit my knees again and again. My God is more powerful then the devil in the white house.
"Attempt" Senator? I think he's succeeding.
What can anyone due , time to let him blow it up and focus on elections.
What do Dems have?
ACA.  That’s what they have.  Crappy, poorly crafted legislation that failed to deliver.
I hope to learn later, Sen Harris, that you were working day & night to #ImpeachTrump. Otherwise I'll remain very disappointed.
Terminate the Bastard With Extreme Prejudice.
Is this legal since the ACA is law? Doesn’t trump have to uphold it?
Ask Jerry Vrown about upholding immigration laws.
What are we suppose to do? I vote, call, phone bank, donate. I'm grateful that you're one of my senators and @tedlieu my rep but I'm scared.
ACA was a terrible policy. It heavily penalized people with pre-existing conditions, small & big businesses, and the working middle class.
This is what happened when Texas block-granted Medicaid here in 2017.  https://www.dallasnews.com/news/texas-legislature/2017/02/13/severely-disabled-kids-risk-texas-enacts-medicaid-cost-savings-plan … & 10/12 yr wait lists.
There are 2 kinds of Trump supporters, Actual Idiots and those that are being idiots. The 2nd group are feeding the 1st. 
IMPEACH.
We don't need "relief" from the best thing so far for healthcare. We need relief from @GOP & 45.
Healthcare is now more available... which will lower cost... and libs angry? What would you do if Trump farted and sneezed at the same time?
Look, another baby #bot  #PutinsPuppet
You don't care about doubled or tripled insurance premiums as Congress is exempt. But others care, including Trump and Paul.
Well yeah!
Can this be challenged in the courts?
"Attempt"??
And again Congress failing to uphold the rule of law. Shame on all of you for doing NOTHING to stop him wrecking our country.
WRONGIt actually gives consumers more choices, which will drive costs down.voted 2 REPEALEventually,'ll get what she wantsOcare
My family's HC premiums went from $800 month to $1,490 b/c Obama & the Dems passed ACA with 0 Rep votes. Hope you lose kamala. Dems suck! 
Sure. Now Moron's rollback will end up costing you $4000/mo
ANYTHING @POTUS does at this point regarding ACA we can take as a jab, detraction, unraveling of health care. Unraveling seems theme, @POTUS
Some states made it illegal for groups to form trusts for the sole purpose of obtaining insurance. Time to roll back States’ rights I guess
Appeal his nonsense
Get rid of Moron Trump! DUMP TRUMP. IMPEACH  Trump. Lock him up!
Thank you for your work, fighting for us! #Keepitup
You know you're a communist when you argue that deregulation is bad...
At last!
again, get on an ACA plan and try to get a doctor, then tell me how it's a good thing. Can't see MD, can't talk with anyone and still pay$$!
#Trumpcaresucks
The Socialist Democratic Party owns failing Obamacare. They obstruct and criticize any fixes. They offer no solutions. Remember this in 2018
What donors, Trump ran on his own money!
WRONG!
Keep pushing this rotted fish. You really don't care about the little guy. do you? https://twitter.com/MichellePiper18/status/917969604181413888 …
like you dems just did to our choice in 2020 by changing the primary date? That is why I will be voting repuke from now on, less corruption
#TrumpIsAMoron too stupid to realize this will affect everyone not just those insured under the ACA 
Making he health care industry more $$$
To paraphrase so-called @potus, child in chief, @realDonaldTrump:
Hey #Congress: #impeach this S.O.B. & get him out of here! 
Another roll back of regulation means more hardships for us people
Surely, this will end up in the courts, just like the infamous travel-ban, right?
Bringing back junk insurance. @realDonaldTrump worst president in history with @GOP enablers blinded by Obama’s success.
You'd think the health ins CEOs would take the lead to fix the ACA b/c it's actually good for their business.
Deregulation helps ins CEOS make more $$
They maybe be able to kick off those that cost too much to treat
They are putting their personal gain ahead of what could be beneficial for the co long term. The idea of single-payer is growing.
Insurance and drug companies and hospitals/medical ctrs are in the business of making money.  Want to be healthy? Do it yourself. #Obamacare
The idea that social responsibility is contrary to making money is short-sighted & wrong.
TY 4 standing up for the "regular" joes/janes of this country. Hope 2020 i can say i am proud volunteer on the KH for President #kamala2020
Don't allow him to sabotage Affordable Care Act! Reverse the things he does by passing bills that set it straight
Yes.  Please pass bills that completely  dissolve the failed program known as ACA.
trump is such a hypocrite.  his executive orders does nothing.  trump and the Gop continue to screw the middle class & poor, elderly
Thank you! I wasnt quite sure what was going on here, but now I know
He hasn't even tweeted it. It's like he's trying to hide it from us. Instead he is focused on how he's "unfairly" treated in media. #IMPEACH
Yes it is..what is your plan to stop it?
This is another step closer to a dictatorship. Why aren't the checks and balances stopping him from destroying our country?
Because Repubs don't want to do the work to remove him. Too they might have to admit complicity.
Yes @SenKamalaHarris in these mins TRUTHFULLY, @CNN @wolfblitzer☻
Considering the ACA was in fact anti-consumer protection any change in the opposite direction would help consumers...
Afraid you missed the jist on this one. All the money will line Moron's pocket.
Yes it is another attempt to sabotage the ACA. Trump needs to go.
Here's an idea: start talking about removing him from office. You have nothing to lose and everything to gain. We support you 100%!
What can we do? How do we #Resist this?
By making #DonaldTheBitch trend on Twitter ;)
In a communistic state, isn't there a desired division of the classes into the haves and have-nots ?
This will personally effect me, kill me. I am on life saving medication if  Medicare & medicad are gone. I am scared for me and other's.
If I die because I can no longer afford insurance due to pre existing conditions, I'm going to came back and haunt his ass
We need #25thAmendmentNow #FakePresident is destroying America!
If it makes you nervous, it must be good for America. Productivity/work/perseverance is the answer to those looking for handouts! 
What about the people who have worked their whole life and now are disabled or sick? The baby boomers like myself. Earned not a handout!
Also we made Social Security solvent. Government spent it. Not a handout either. Again worked for over 40 years.
I'm with you! Toiled for 40+, like you. You indeed earned it. It's not a handout to u. But there is a "generational" thing here. U know!
THAT FAT ORANGE BLOB NEEDS A GOOD BEATING!
Can no one save us from that #MoronInChief ?

This is fantastic news!! Obamacare has been a nightmare for me and my family
#bot
@POTUS is obsessed with repealing Obama care idk why
Because #TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist

@SenKamalaHarris what are you going to do about it?
Tweeting.
