You have no idea what the term PATRIOT even means
By beginnings of October let all of us learn relearn n develop all materials in our own land to regain legacy.And tell the world why vr Best
Why did you vote for the increased military budget last night? That new money would have paid for free college.
Get a job and quit wanting everything free. Thats what's wrong with all the liberals they want everything free. Well someone has to pay! !!!
Do you say the same about the military budget that goes up every year? Why don't you conservatives ever question that?
The military deserves every penny they get. They work to protect our country. It's easy to complain when your not dodging bullets
You should already know the phrase "military industrial complex". A Republican (Eisenhower) coined it.
If all the crazy liberals keep burning up our country we need a military law to come in and kick their crazy asses
So you’re in favor of martial law? Ok, I’m out.
I'm in favor of keeping idiots from burning down towns and ppl s property. If it takes the military then I'm for it.
Kamalita  mi.  Be lla  a. Que. Hora.  Em pie zan  tus   actividades   llamame.
Jobs outsourced to Asian country's have 2 stopped first. More from India n China.We America are more capable than those. Shred all lethargy
Agreed
We American's were nothing in short in all. But corporate crazy policymakers made us what we are 2day. Put a big dark full stop on outsource
Ms.Harris, i personally take all pains n contribute what mine is fully n make all American's to do so partially if Education 2 all is free.
I really don't see it passing, it doesn't sentence enough people to death to make Rand Paul happy.
Oh really ! You tell me in 2days world every country is trying 2 over power other, does Patriotism means anything 2 anyone. If so describe..
Thank you for all you do.
Please you have to kill this bill!
Hey I thought Trump was lying about those wiretap allegations
VOTE TO REPEAL!! AMERICANS ARE SUFFERING- DO YOU CARE???
You all need to keep your eyes on the real prize - protecting the healthcare we have and fixing Obamacare's flaws. 3/
Elitist
Single payer/Medicare4All has no chance of becoming law until Dems control both houses of Congress&White House.Stop stroking Bernie's ego.4/
If anything to regain our legacy, its our re skilling our skills,at all levels of work we do. We work unitedly to bring back jobs first.
Ms.Harris if you think u have something at your disposal disperse all elected demos next 2 years pay at one go, besides all material comfort
@Barkforlove1 Don't let them kill ACA.Find a way
Says the woman who wants to fundamentally change America to suit her perverse views... #NoThankYou
More proof you're just another political hack
Lovely words but we need you to be more graphic about the impact on our lives & bodies. Moral arguments too weak in these times.
So true. Sometimes it's just getting the information out. Now we have to teach people what to do with that information. Call, discuss. VOTE!
. @SenKamalaHarris you make me yearn for Barbara Boxer, which is something I never thought possible
Fighting to pass this in home state is smart and moral.  Glad you will be pushing its passage, Sen. Harris.
If Bernie - and you and the others who enable his self-promotional BS - had waited a month, Obamacare repeal would be dead. 2/
True. But also true Bernie's Medicare for All bill is being used by GOP to whip up support for Obamacare repeal. 1/

We need marches, press, mobs, cameras, signs, masses in the street. Please tweet any collective protests you hear of! Get the word out. NOW!
Rather go down trying than sitting on my couch crying!
When we fight for your ideals we are communists. Real patriots fight for individualism and freedom. Not tyranny



when you lie about our president, you are not a patriot #FakeNewsCNN
This healthcare battle shows how many lazy asses don't want to work and want shit for free
Failed juxtaposition. Socialism is not patriotic.
Just say NO to the  "Graham-Cassidy Bill" aka Trumpcare 5.0 aka #GOPDontCare. Call your GOP Reps ASAP! #Resist
So what you are saying is,Patriots are the ones that live off the people!The ones who have jobs and work for a living aren't!
Patriots are people who care about America and Americans, i.e. the people. The GOP doesn't care abt the avg American, incl workers.
Why did you vote for war?
I trust you will do your best to win this battle.
Really? So when will you pay the same price for the same insurance you're pushing so hard? You pay 73%less than citizens. You're a fraud!
We as Americans should see this as another attack on president Obama's legacy. Wipe everything this man has done from history.
Please explain your reasons for voting YES to increase the military budget spending by 80 Bil. Aren't we already spending more than enough?
I'm tired of the word patriot.
A bit convoluted but given Trump's UN speech it'll do.
Some of GOP's is good, other parts, not so much. But I'd rather tweak the GOP bill, than have socialism forced on the US population.
And when we don't we are Republicans...#Kamala2020
Why are they doing this over and over again? It makes no sense and serves no purpose. Just what it their hidden agenda here?
blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah and blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
Commenting on Facebook and Twitter isn't going to be enough. Mass demonstrations in the streets across the country are going to be required.
Fight on, we care !
you can blame obama for screwing up healthcare beyond repair!
When did socialism become an ideal of this country, you crazy California lunatic?
But who ends up paying for your ideals?
I am with you.
Blah blah blah! Your words have no meaning because of bs in past!
Apologize to my president loser
You mean like limited government, free markets, federalism, etc?
Kamala Harris thinks Trump voters are stupid and unaware of the law. Little do people know,she failed her Bar Exam and said it didn't matter
$700 billion was easy enough for Congress to pass without thought. Enough is enough. Take care of people or they will take care of you.
The ideals for the nation are clearly printed in the Declaration of Independence, not the Communist Manifesto!  It's about freedom & choice!
hey how abt that confirmation of wiretapping?
So why are you not supporting the ACA?
That's one fight, Sen. Harris. As one of your constituents I am also VERY CONCERNED about the interference in our affairs by Russia!
The lives of many should matter more than the agenda of a few.
Could you string one more cliche together? Is an ideal cheap prison labor which you advocated for?
Rah Rah rah...let's waste more $$$ on stupid wars too. Liberal hawk?
#GOPthepartythatkills
I think it is the @GOP taking heat off @realDonaldTrump and that there is some kind of obstruction coming. Do you regret supporting Bernie?
If u've polit ambitions u gotta do btr on soc med. Generic drivel's safe & meaningless. Learn from TRUMP! He's an ass-but seemed authentic
So R you going 2 apologize 2 President Trump ? President Obama did wire tap Trump Tower ! U made such a big deal about it or R you that type
You're the furthest thing from a patriot.
damn straight
Ask these Republicans if they can guarantee that people with preexisting coditions will B able to afford healthcare..Graham is a A**Hole
But yu  must win losing hurts too many Americans.  Get two GOP members who have a heart.  Not easy  but doable my money is on yu  kamala
Does Graham understand his bill on healthcare will do to poor people..He will B responsive for millions of Americans not having healthcare!,
Then why don't you love under it.  Try it for a while,  you might like it,  NOT.
Um....do we REALLY need to turn "don't kill the poor" into an issue of patriotism? Does "don't kill the poor" really need justification?
appropriate hash tag, I thought She was principled but . . . klieg lights blind so many.
Give it a rest. What you describe as "fights" and "battles" do not make you a patriot. Far from it.
It's so sad with all the distruction, people are suffering and the GOP only thinks on how to do more harm!
This will impact 32 M people and would kill more people than terrorism does. This repeal is an act of terror in a Corporatocracy.
I think you guys are going to have to fix your own problems before you're going to be able to help the people. Bipartisanship a must
Soo I can pay 450 dollars a month for 14000 deductible. Free enterprise is what is needed.
I love this message
74 Nixon health care. 93 Hillary/Gingrich health care failed. Obama passed ACA  few would help. Sander Medicare 4 all, Socialism US in debt
What ideals! To give my tax paying dollar to murdering babies and free medical for illegals. My family can't afford insurance $2000.00 mo
Well if the current GOP plan passes then you will probably be charged a lot more if anyone in your family has a pre-existing condition
assuming your insurance decides it will cover the condition/illness.
Same goes if they get sick while insured.
Why don’t you help and do something about it. We dare you to actually help?
Really? Demorats pushing the fraud  of ObamaCare were patriots? Never would have guessed.
I fear the day when it becomes common place that sick #Americans take their own lives to save financial security for their loved ones in 
You were a patriot in Willie Brown's bedroom...he probably took you to the back seat of his car.
https://twitter.com/banditrandom/status/910292992153358336 …
Billionaires like them aren't even human. I guess their 'rarified' air makes them both braindead and heartless. :-<

I heard it was for shit no better last
Hey wait, I would like to know why you voted for a $700 billion military budget. Money that could go towards healthcare. Why?
Yes! @SenKamalaHarris your tweet (notification) 7:00pm. TRUTHFULLY,  (Family) ; The U.S. Senate has gaveled out until Monday(more)
9:00pm @PBS THE VIETNAM WAR, (encore) ; @SenKamalaHarris☻
11:10pm @HBO FAMILY http://ch.Movie : FANTASTIC VOYAGE, @SenKamalaHarris
12:00am.GOODNIGHT PRAYERS , My TV OFF, @SenKamalaHarris
Then GET SANDERS TO WAIT. Because his "patriotism", which BTW is pure ideology w/o counting human cost, will get people dead.
I wouldn't be surprised if Bernie didn't plan this. He knew SP wouldn't pass and that it was the wrong time to introduce it.
Of course he did. Steals someone else's work, makes a lot of noise, doesn't give a shit who gets hurt. He's as narcissistic as tRump is.
Trust me, you are NO patriot.
While I agree with you, the ACA isn't ideal...it's just the best we've got.
No @SenKamalaHarris its about right and wrong @DNC believes in killng babies 

@DNC won Obama care its broken bow fix it
Americans suffering
Let them be born and then kill them by hunger,  no yeah Rethugs ate so moral GTFOH
Everyone deserves the dignity of healthcare - not to die, evicted from a nursing home because Medicaid has been gutted. #MedicareForAll
Why did you not Vote against outrageous Defense Authorization Bill ? I Voted for you with the confidence you would represent Moral Values .
YES!
I'm with TRUTH
I Swore an Oath - I 4ever honor; "Against ALL Enemies, Foreign AND Domestic".
https://www.facebook.com/events/1954853898094962/?ti=icl …
#NoSalute45
How can GOP WANT this insurance to pass? Why do they WANT to do this to citizens???? I just don't get it??!
Patriots? Your A socialist
Kamala, you made a huge mistake. By backing " Medicare for all" weeks before ACA deadline allows R's to say " our way or socialism"  timing
Since when was the "ideals" to bankrupt the insurance companies as to push for single payer... #KrazyKamala
Taking away health care will make it the land of the rich. Everyone else will die out.
Exactly
Thanks for your commitment to standing up for the rights of Californians and all Americans, Senator Harris.
She stands up for the rights of illegals first.
Poor timing to jump on the #MfA bandwagon, huh?
We can and must _both_ #SaveTheACA & #SaveMedicaid _and_ work for universal healthcare in the US - be that #MedicareForAll or another form.
I'm all for universal healthcare. But Bernie's #MfA bill is a policy disaster and cosponsoring was shit timing.
On the other hand for GOP it's all about the rich and getting 400 mil from the Koch bros. They don't care about the average citizen.
Nah. It's about Koch brothers donating 400m to gop if they repeal obamacare. So they cut my healthcare to get funds for their re-election
Always 
Bing against Trump and the hurtful GOP agenda is patriotic.
You WILL be president. #Kamala2020 #YesWeKam
This is not about ideals. It's about affordable healthcare. You are way off base. Stick to the issues that your constituents care about.
#GrahamCassidy would sharply _increase_ healthcare costs, and would take healthcare away from 32 million Americans:
If you want affordable healthcare, tell your Senators, Rep, & Governor to oppose #GrahamCassiy, and to #SaveTheACA & #SaveMedicaid.
And most Californians, like most Americans, care a great deal about ensuring that everyone has access to affordable healthcare.
Please tell #BernieBellows to shut up about Medicare for All for a while. #ACA is way more important than his ego.
No GOP answer to Koch's & Mercers who believe only those who can pay for own Healthcare should have care. Libertarians with Religion
We don't elect enough patriots then!  We must right the ship 2018!
But candidates must be vetted  totally  no people with bad histories   No pathological liars  no people without personal integrity no Trumps
True, this.
I'm tired of GOP co-opting patriotism & personal responsibility, implying that if you oppose their policies you somehow lack those qualities
That isnazi agenda.
