In California, you've got Jerry Brown. In New Jersey, we've got... a chance to turn things around this November.
#kamala2020
What? You don't have pride in America? Noted, Mrs Obama...
The smoke of your torment shall ascend forever and ever if you do not repent Mamm!!!
U keep asking "communications". Sessions keeps answering " conversations"
Happy #Pride2017 from me and my husband in Daly City, California! Thanks for all you do.
pandering to identity politics
FACT:  People are getting more Stupid.  IQs have been decreasing.  The polticians are the worst when it comes to stupidity
Which one? The isis one?
Wonder if she'll adopt me?! With Vincente already as my adopted Dad & Kamala as my mom, ain't NO ONE would ever fuck with me. 
 'Dad can I borrow $50. Please?!' 'Mom, Cheri's being a pain in the ass again' 
Thank you Miz Harris !
You give us hope
Yeah that belongs there...right next to the #POW Flag. How disgusting.
It's already outdated apparently
this makes me even more proud to have voted for you! 
Thank you, Kamala, it means something to this formerly bullied kid.
Glad to see you've come around on the POW-MIA issue... ;-)
THANK YOU!!!!!!
Don't get to comfortable in that new office Kamala because we're looking into your past!
Go ahead. You won't find anything.
Kamala is dirty and it'll all come out in due time!
I love you
Sen Harris is a dangerous loser and from Canada, we have more class and education to represent our country.
bravo Senator. I knew I voted for the right person.
Yes !
Thank you! #LoveIsLove
Where's the straight flag? I want one.
You are brilliant. You were incredible in both the hearings. You would make an amazing President. Please run.
This is everything!  Thank you for doing this!  #LGBTQ  #LoveIsLove
you nail that little old man that set in their 1940 days keep up the good work love from California
Please stop, I love everything you do too much already #Pride2017 #pridemonth
Thank you!
Thank you Senator!
Thank you!
Seems to me California is on the right tract, from Jerry Brown's dedication 2 Climate Chg. To ur flag. Maybe he should run 4 pres.
Why is it always women who are told to sit down and shut up in the Senate? Do you women ask for the harder Truth, not put up w/their BS?
The spud potato flag from Idaho? I can't tell what the one flag is
Haha that's an awesome catch but I'm 99% sure it's the pride flag on the right due to the #pride
Thank you, Senator Harris! #StayFierce 
Yeah the cost of living in California so bad that 53000 homeless people only the rich and elite can live there! Good job
Thank you.
thank you:)
TY. It's a beautiful display.
.@SenKamalaHarris in light of #Orlando #OrlandoStrong #OrlandoPride you have an outdated #LGBT #Pride flag in UR #Senate office. Pls change.
@IndivisibleTeam  Flag Day is in 5 days! I'm confused,which flag shoud I be raising,ours or Russia's? (Thanks so much GOP!)
Add a demisexual flag and I'll feel loved as well 

.@SenKamalaHarris We are lucky to have you! 
Too bad we're more likely 2 see 1 of these flags vs. a pride flag hung by @realDonaldTrump in the #WhiteHouse #resist #DumpTrump #Pride2017

Just pandering to special interest group to garner votes.
So glad and proud you represent us and our state. Thank you.
When you were CA AG you sued to stop trans women in prison from receiving hormones. You're not a queer ally and certainly not a trans ally.
Thank you senator
Thank you!!
Thank you so much. You were amazing in the hearings.
Happy #gaypride everybody!
Put the fear in GOP's ear. 1st African-American woman to serve as CA AG, 2nd one elected to US Senate in history. "COME ONE, KAMALA 2020!"
thank you @SenKamalaHarris  for showing your pride during Pride month we need more people like you  Please think of running for POTUS  win!!
Yet another reason to love you! 
 @SenKamalaHarris   Everyone has something great to bring to the table. Together, we can do this!
Them meaning the Bubbagops!
I support u and the other Great Left Coast states!  Thanks for trying to keep them honest!
And it's the NEW, IMPROVED flag with the inclusive black stripe!  Good for you!
Oh ... You finally have the POW/MIA Flag in your office. Awesome!
We've got pride all 12 months of the year. Show that you're a true ally and leave it up year round.
You're so wonderful :D :D :D
Unlike @duponline supporting @Conservatives Conan already meddling their 17thC "morality" on mainland British #abortion @BBCRadio4
Wow, big thanks to both of you! Prominent support is always welcome, especially from 2 Wonder Women as you both are! 
I've been out for 20+ years, and this still makes me cry. Thank you for recognizing our shared humanity.

THANK YOU! I cannot tell you how happy this makes me. 
Thank you! You make me proud to be myself, as an American.
And you've got my vote!

proud to see you have these displayed in descending order from most likely to be used as a diaper to least likely to be used as a diaper
Awesome! Respect to everyone!
Even conservatives?
Yes, that's the point.

The flag of public lewdness and other crimes against moral decency.
You are strong, Sen Harris!!

Will you be my president?
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris ! Making me proud to be from #California !
Thank you .. for supporting us #TRANSWOMEN #PRIDEMONTH
Harris 2020... 
Thank You Senator Harris and Thanks for being sane & fighting the good fight.
I hope you keep it year round!
Thank you!
Bear? Well done.
You rock Kamala!
Thank you so much
YOU HAVE TO RUN IN 2020! DO IT, PLEASE!!!
Yeah we do. East Bay and Kamala proud.
Outstanding!! Thank You!
Looks good, Senator. You should just keep it up all year round. Thanks for being an ally. #Pride2017 #LGBTQIA
Thank you for your support! I enjoyed seeing this flag on my way in to meet with your staff today for #TransLobbyDay
Awwww!
I love my state.
And we're proud of you, Senator. Thanks for fighting for us!
Woohoo. Awesome

Awesome!
I was nearly moved to tears. THANK YOU, Sen. Harris!!! #Pride2017
Love it!!
Thank you so much! For Yesterday too!
CA also has you to be proud of!
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris for showing support to the LGBT community 
You are Awesome!!!!!
@SenKamalaHarris You are a CLASS ACT.
Thank you!!
<3 beautiful picture!
Sen. Harris, so impressive, articulate, & ethical would to have a leader like you in the WH
We need someone like you in the white house
I second that!!
Thanks
We're proud of you Madam President!
You slay all day
Keep up the great work Senator Harris, this sister woman's got your back
Makes me wonder what took you so long but that's great.
You are THE best person in D.C. right now. Thank you for being who you are. More power to you now and always.
Thank you for being strong and standing up for what's right. Stay strong and don't let them give you shit.
Thank you from Hayward, CA, Ms. Harris. You represent the diversity, resilience and trailblazing spirit of California!
Nice! What about Congress going behind people's backs to try and get Trumpcare and Dodd Frank passed? What about RUSSIAGATE.
There isn't a better line up than what you got there.
thank you - my future POTUS!!
Thank you Senator.  Appreciated!
Thank you
RANDOM- Any truth to Haiti beginning a U.S. Territory and if so, Your Thoughts?
Thank you! I am glad the rest of the country gets to see how positive and badass you are! #rolemodel #mysenator
Thank you Future Ms. President.
Too bad their politicians lost theirs long ago
Thank you for representing me and all others equally.
Thank you Senator Harris. Keep fighting for everyone! #indivisiblesf
Proud you're my rep.
You are inclusive. Too bad other leaders aren't.  And you have 2.9% GDP.  The president can't accomplish that.
Absolutely beautiful!
VERY American also honorable being for all of your standing FLAGS, Sen.Kamala Harris; Back from bank exactly. @WeatherChannwel until 12pm

Great Senator of Equality!Bravo @SenKamalaHarris
I agree!
Thank you! A queer girl from Kansas living in Washington 
Thank you, Senator. I've seen many politicians come add go. You're doing a great job.
What tiny percentage of people in CA associate with this flag? What will you do when some other minority wants their flag flown? Pandering?
At least 4 million people....Not a tiny minority to be ignored, next objection?
You're an #exceptionalAmerican.  Thank you
I have lots of pride in you!  Here in Texas us girls like to see you kick some ole boy a..!!!
Us old girls from Floriduh, her spunk let's get her in the WH
California Pride GREAT
Nothing like identity politics and preferential treatment. You still have no clue why you lost. Selective representation. Imagine that?
It's not your office it's the people's office and that flag is offensive and disrespectful to more than half the population.
More than half judging by what measure? The <40% who voted for the orange goblin? #resisttrump
Just love you and everything you stand for!!!
Keep up the good work, Senator!
But no water unfortunately.
Thank you!
The question is, do you have a guest house? My family & I are missing California badly & want to move back soon!
Mahalo nunui! 
Thank you senator
Making California proud Senator Harris!
thank you, Senator!
