No recess for Congress!  Stay in session, work with Republicans & don't come out until you have a healthcare bill.  Talk is cheap.  Sit in!
Imagine, illegals demanding to receive organ transplants w/o insurance & perhaps ahead of citizens?  We can't cure illegals, Mexico should.
If you're illegal then yes. If you're legal then you'll die at home.
I'm exactly the type of person who will lose my MediCal. I'm just above the poverty line. Seeing a doctor when needed has been a blessing.
Illegal immigrants? Pick my vegetables. Cook my food. Build houses...etc.
Has your brother-in-law been denied services to which he is entitled? Because of lack of resources? Or is this hypothetical?
Okay, but no undocumented person has used up something to which he is entitled. So a straw man. Gor it!
One of the great threats in modern world, is a pandemic.  If and when this happens, we better have the southern wall in place.  Overrun!
Your scare tactics are ridiculous. What is your idea to improve health care for Americans?
I would expect them to get any help from the rich GOP party. They do not believe in hand outs for the poor.
Well Kamala that is and OUT AND OUT LIE - Emergency rooms can NOT turn anyone away.  Ask ANY hospital CEO
Maybe this will stop people taking kids to the ER for sniffles or a checkup. No more 9 hour trips to the ER would be nice
Everyone knows nobody with a serious medical condition is ever turned away from the ER in any hospital with or without insurance. DEM LIES
on disability, no longer afford meds or office visits, with MeanCare Act,  get my personal effects in order. There is no way of surviving
ObamaCare is dead... get used to it
it's okay, because it's going to affect you as well.  I am not on ObamaCare, are you? pretentious Buh bye
They can't deny ER care if needed. Get your lies straight
If you are in a lifethreatening emergency,  no. They just bankrupt you later.
ER is expensive Ms. Harris. Please stop the AHCA. Thank you for everything you do for us.
States who claim sanctuary, R bankrupt. Jeopardize fed funds & stretching your benefits 2 cover illegals.  Citizens come last, 4 alien votes
Can California's poor afford to under Obamacare ?
No. Support SB562!
U.S. Gov budget is a pie.  Each slice,a program; defense, Medicare etc..  Inclusion of illegals & immigrants doesn't make a slice go further
If California healthcare or Medi-Cal is suffering, thank your liberal congress who wants 2 care for every illegal in exchange for their vote
U know darn well there isn't a hospital in the country who would turn ppl away. Stop the lies
Wrong QUESTION! "WHY does ANYONE, in the #RICHEST Country on Our Mother, have to pay ANYTING for Medical Care?" Ask THAT one...#TheMoneyMen
Well, Here's the #SOLUTION!
Th American HEALTh Act! #AHA! REV 1
Enjoy...
I earn 60k a year- I have empl provided coverage and I CANT afford the ER!! We need #SinglePayer NOW!
there has always been poor. they are NEVER turned away. we also have Social Services up the wazoo in CA, churches, neighbors and friends
Not just CA! Across this whole country :'(
Probably? Probably? You mean you don't know? What are you complaining about if you don't know the answer?
as a Californian, most of us avoid the ER at all cost... because they have a 4-12hr wait to give you a aspirin and charge you a fortune.
You are an embarrassment to the working people of California
@SenKamalaHarris -- I was in an Urgent Care recently that does not take MediCal. Very odd. It was Sutter, so big org. What's up with that?
Will Ca single payer cause a medical rush, 167 years after the gold rush?
O fought for Dreamers & AHCA was passed.  Illegals staged a sit in outside of hospitals in Chicago.  Wanted 2 B put on organ transplnt list?
Why should Medi-Cal be the concern of people in Indiana?  U R sanctuary state, draw illegals and benefit users, than expect my tax $ to help
AHC expanded Medicare, 2 cover people who were not Medicare eligible.  People worried abut longevity of Medicare shld not favor expansion.
Right next 2 this article on Medi-Cal, is article on the highest paid "non-profit" CEO's, min.5M.  I think this speaks 2 your concern 4 poor
Calif has long been, let's say radical.  Like the suggestion that you will pass free healthcare at a cost of 400B on 180B budget?  Go agead
Healthcare for all is #SinglePayer  #SB562  but it was shelved by someone who took donations from big pharma.
No.
Doesn't matter cuz this is what we R going back to - Free ER 4 every health issue when U don't have insurance. Seems #GOP likes this plan
I'm sure with the coverage congress receives you should be able to buy the ER.
Senators should be forced to have the same health care as the poor. If u ever want to be for the people heres your chance
Y don't u talk about how many of CA's poor haven't signed up for this ACA program? That's y the program is going bankrupt in the 1st place!!
Ms.Harris,not sure how can conservatives rationalize to themselves in order to feel better w their conscience about the law they r signing
As a Fireman, no one ever gets denied, not even illegal aliens. So who are you kidding?
Let us EDUCATE YOU: The GOP leaves the Health Care in the STATES' hands. Stop lying! PS: NO CHANCE 2 become President We Don't Vote Liars!
Not that Texas or other states would complain: They don't want Cali communists visiting them!
Real quick who's turned away from Any ED  the poorest receive care regardless of ability to pay
Most people who use the er don't have illness/ injury to necessitate er admission.The people who use it know they have to be seen do to law?
I'm sure CA will figure out how to steal more tax $ to pay for their health care costs.
Oh why not?? We already pay for all of the ILLEGALS!
Ms. Harris  Please start the process of outlining a new bold plan for Dems with you at the helm! We need a clear VISION to rally behind!
Nope
:(

Remember Trump/Russian agenda: Divide & conquer which weakens our Democracy
GOP thinks they have free hand to push their agenda
Lookout USA!
No. And more ERS will close down. This is digraceful.
Stop lying.. no one is refused care at an emergency room! These lies are why the Democrat party has been bleeding out
But they could afford it under California's #singlepayer bill that @TheDemocrats won't pass. Right, Kamala?

@ManuelSillas54 We need to impeach, donald trump betrayal for our country. Dirty deals with Vladimir Putin, and he is not following the cons

@realDonaldTrump @mike_pence  despicable both of you. @HillaryClinton @SenKamalaHarris
In short Kamal, California ER's cannot turn away critical care patients.
Whatever
Poorness is a state of mind. Let's call all people rich heros, capable of anything!
They can't afford it now, that's why the AFCA came into existence
Sorry ACA
Are ER visits refused?
No
Of course, universal healthcare would prevent this from being an issue.
Great idea! Right now, we're trying to prevent the Republicans from passing a horrific health care bill, and nobody is passing single payer.
The votes to improve healthcare won't even be possible unless Dems get a majority House and Senate. But we have a battle going on now.
It's cool that you think money grows on trees
I doubt it 
9:00pm ct. Sen. Kamala  Harris of Oakland,California, "In Short your probably RIGHT"  The Health Care Bill, Sen.Mitch McConnell ...
Now Watching @ESPN @MLB Game @Pirates vs @Cardinals, TOGETHER,TRUTH (Family)
So the question is this, the insured will now become The uninsured and the hospitals by law must take care of them- who reimburses the hosp
If there is anything I can do for You and California, including moving there, will be no problem and without question!
So what the 28 million that still don't have insurance are going to die?  Not likely they go to emergency and get treated as they did before
Watching and luving it
no one medical wants this. all want single payer
But they will still go. And clog up the ER system. WaitING for care. ER means EMERGENCIES ONLY!
People complaing better do their homework and see that this bill affects PRIVATE ins as well.Not just  Medicaid Hope they can get ins@30,000
#KIllTheBill not ppl #IStandWithPelosi and female Dems they persist
Hope u or a loved one never looses their jobs,loose health ins or it goes up 300%.Most people on medicade either pays taxes, on disability,
When they become disabled, loose their jobs or pay these stupid extra premiums just to make the rich richer. We'll just roll over and die.
Why hasn't california addressed the issue of 1/2 of the kid population being on medicaid? That many on the program sounds like a problem
Walls will be built to keep them out of the remaining hospitals.
The entire @senatemajld and @senateGOP attitude is that the poors can simply die. The wealthy need their tax cut.
If illegals can go in and get treated without paying then why can't poor Californians just duo the same. Your answer makes a mockery.
Why do u lie Kamala, they can't afford it now nd is getting worse the way it is.
Only the #Republicans.I hpe they enjoy all their riches&sleep in peace knowing they R hurting the #americanpeople.Even those tht voted4them.
I'm going to say that if  the Republican Party  passes this bill , they will be guilty of voluntary human slaughter.
This should look familiar to you.. abortion.. real, voluntary human slaughter. Brought to you by the democrat party
Why should the rich(er) have to fund the poor's medical bills? That is not their obligation.
And if people can't pay so many hospitals, and nursing homes will close. More jobs lost.
So why don't you support #SB562, which would provide free health care coverage for the poor and vulnerable you claim you care about?
So why did @Rendon63rd table the CA single payer bill?
I live in KY work for Ford have serious back issues need to quit but too afraid because of the Rep's bill. Sad 

If your State expanded Medicaid and you are at/below 138% of fed poverty level ($16040 for 1 person) you are eligible based on income alone. 
What's your health plan? Can you have the improvements democrats would make to Obamacare posted and fight this with different ideas? Thanks
Death care
Who cares !!
Politicians Caused This ,
Politicians can not fix it !
Rebuttal ?
Buying & driving a car is a privilege, healthcare is a #HumanRights issue,not  buying a product as GOP claims,disabled have rt to life, too
This is an insurance scam for NO coverage, but high profits,no coveragethere at all for healthcare, written by & for insurance Co #lobbyists
My girl was denied cov4specialist,medsby #humana subcontract of Medicaid in99-2000,  supposed to cvreverythingShe died 2days after 12th bday
Why did the Dems kill single payer in Cali?
The ER he's always been filled with people that don't have insurance and that hasn't changed even with the mandate
Are you kidding? It has kept ME out of the ER. ACA gave people a chance to stay out.
You can't be denied at ER, it's law.
The thuggish dems have ruined that state.
Actually we are doing just fine here.
More than 400 billion in debt is your idea of doing just fine?
So what are @TheDemocrats doing to fix #Obamacare ???  Be ready to go with a better plan!
They could barely afford rent

#TrumpCare is #HitlerCare hence youthanizing the pre-existing conditions.  The GOP is committing genocide of the pre-existing with this bill
Won't using the Emergency Room drive up health care costs? And getting affordable access for immigrants is important as it benefits all.
45 doesn't care about anyone but his rich supporters and the Bratva who he money launders for.
