What about Black men with NO jobs and in prison?
Especially straight Black Men !
Agreed but is that what we're talking about right now?
Latinas too, if you don't mind.
democrats have had 50 years to help blacks & all you've done is increase food stamps, welfare & fund abortions while taking money from PP
It's easy Kamala. $15 hr minimum wage. #FightFor15 I'll believe you when you  actually do something instead of giving vauge lipservice.
What about latina women? U never say anything about latinas unless ur talking about #illegalimmigrants but about 30mil of us r citizens.
They don't get stuck they choose to remain there. If they want to move into better job they have to do it Where there's a will there's a way
Get the  schools to give them a better education and the problems will fade
Maybe start with the disproportionate # of black girls growing up without fathers. Treat the cause, not the symptoms. Oh, & stop blaming us.
Low IQ=Low pay
#Duh
Didn't you just have 8 years of Obama, and surely he would have addressed this issue? 
Try birth control and education/job training.
Doesn't take a genius.
Oh, and you're racist.
Why  don't you move all those lazy ladies into your home. They are loaded with kid with our fathers, castigate the father who abandon theirK
Yes! Is One job at a time a good approach? I hired an African american female lawyer. Extremely qualified and now we proudly work 2gether.
Black women have lower average IQs. It's a fact.
It's called education, crime, poverty, and teen pregnancy with no father figure. Until we address these things nothing will change.
shell be gone soon enough...its all going red

If black women earned less than others for the same level of productivity, employers would only hire black women. #BlackWomensEqualPay
What about Latinos? Natives? Blacks aren't the only oppressed group.
Government pays for their education, they get sheepskin in basket weaving. Unfortunately you can't get a job in basket weaving, doesn't pay.
They all can't be Willie Brown's mistress, Kamala
Keep fighting the undermining of Unions' right to organize & national RTW legislation is a start. Organize your workplace=fair pay&benefits.
We must address the disproportionate number of angry black female Democrat politicians
I wish you would just focus on people and not a particular race of people. You would do much better bringing people together #dontdevideus
You ever consider its because of the choices they made
NO!! has nothing to do with that

I think you should run for President in 2020! Or if Biden runs be his running mate! YOU ARE A ROCKSTAR!
How about addressing 75% of all black children growing up in a single-parent household?
Not really an issue. I'm a single parent, both my girls are employed and well educated. Different opportunities.
It's almost like having 2 parents might increase their opportunities???
low paying jobs because they have no education and most not even HS diploma. TIME TO BLAME THEMSELVES
Why is everything RACE based with you? Why do you focus on minority's. I can't remember you ever making a positive comment on White folks?
#BlackWomensEqualPay This hashtag screams "I need more victim status because taking responsibility is hard!"
I ran a shelter, WIB/welfare reform placed women as home health aides 90% of time. Low paying with no benefits. We must do better
Agreed! I worked for many employers who would not consider hiring because of color!!

Many are in highly skilled child care and development jobs, they're not stuck, but the pay is. #ChildCareForAll
So... What's your theory? Why are they?
Get and eduction in something other than gender studies and problem fixed.
What do you pay the women on your staff ??? What kind of Health Care Insurance do you have ?? I expect you to answer these questions (cont

People keep telling me that rap music doesn't lead to violence. I beg to differ. 
Who applies for those low-paying jobs?
How bout your message to them should be, stay in school at all cost. Do what all the rest of US citizens do to be a successful individual!
An economy that works #ForAll of us, not just the 1%, with good jobs #ForAll, with education and training #ForAll

@NancyPelosi @SenSchumer
Ask Maxine what she does about it.
I can't. This tweet 
Love U, this is Not a Black Woman problem Kamala, this is a Black American problem: Female, Male. WE have these problemS.
Sew up the coochi, hold em responsible for their actions and watch them succeed
What's your plan? Besides pandering? I born and raised in California so I think I deserve an answer.
More education.  Workforce training. Entrepreneurship.  Full community engagement in tapping business start up opportunities.
Microcredit loans for small businesses. It works for KIVA...
That was fast!
Take action!---->  http://action.momsrising.org/sign/Equal_Pay_2017/ … #BlackWomensEqualPay
How? Always makes grand statements with no solutions.
It would help moms who are struggling to make ends meet. And prevents our kids from seeking other ways of trying to provide! Peer pressure!
Virtue signaling overload. How about analysis and proposal?
After 8 years of an African American president your awareness on this issue appears politically motivated. #BlackWomensEqualPayDay
Successful black people, like athletes, should create high paying jobs in predominately black neighborhoods.
All women deserve equal pay for equal work to male counterparts...Skin color, race, religion, etc. should not matter. #FixThePayGap!
No one is stuck. Plenty lack motivation. Stop making excuses and go to work. Oh but we can't so pay us..  off.
All women! Of color or not are treated different.
While women in Africa are being rape and murdered. You took the time to spread bullshit identity politics than helping those womens.
Cut taxes, repeal Obamacare, grow economy....will create jobs and raise wages.
YES! Sen. Kamala Harris your tweet (notification) secs ago 1:37pm CT  when I had just tweeted Sen. Dianne Feinstein, TRUTHFULLY
They're "stuck" bc they view education as a waste of their valuable time. Their choice. No sympathy.
No one forces them to get pregnant at age 15.
Get an education then maybe that will help don't depend on the government
Sounds so easy. Come work as social worker with me, learn what the real world offers to these girls and families. Then share your ideas
well it's hard to get ahead when you're 18 and got five kids by five baby daddy's. CHOICES
Yes!!
