if he resigns it is way for Trump to deflect from Russia..let Sessions stay and let the pot boil
There is no water in the pot.
if he has nothing to hide then show us tax returns and do an investigation..but you know there's water
.@PatrickGman what do mean by "Show us tax returns?"  You're a Canadian citizen! Worry about Canada, Eh? @cherry_bethea @CaseyParksIt
I'm both ..next
I am a dual citizen and this is not really an aware to the question
.@PatrickGman @CaseyParksIt You are a mess!
but mental health matters?
Not a hands on Mage is saying that you're a hypocrite.
Cant taunt a group of people with a crazy hat meme and claim mental health advocacy. Sorry.
We're all masters of the passive aggressive here, ma'am.
tired of the russian witch hunt. Get back to work delaying cabinet confirmations or we should maybe ask you to resign.
So dont follow the 'witch hunt'. You arent her constituent, you should tweet to your rep/senator w your concerns.
By that metric, there'd be no probs at these town halls since most trouble makers aren't constituents
Disagree.  But you're entitled to your opinion.  The people will speak one way or another.  We got Trump
Yes, you have Trump. As your President for 4 yrs. But keep up the tantrums. Make it 8 yrs.
Dems/Libs are basically sealing in #Republican rule for the foreseeable future.
And that is perfectly fine with me!  
Doubtful, but youre entitled to your opinion. Your guy won and youre still complaining.
turn their rhetoric back onto themselves: Lock them up
Yes, hell yes, enforcing existing federal law is criminal and makes me feel sad.
This is so random...
Hi Bea
Hi dad
call support for this FANTASTIC AG. #SESSIONS Thank you for number. Best choice in decades.
@ActualEPAFacts I called, left a voice mail supporting @KamalaHarris' position, I am a Californian. Thank you. #resist
been calling and the lines are busy
instead of deflecting by referring to Clinton focus on Session's perjury. He must resign.
Can I call on you to resign? I have a phone number also.
Good luck w/ that. You guys keep digging that hole. Republics will bury you in it in 18
Hahahaha
coming from someone who is supposed to have a more intimate knowledge of this than I, I would have expected more from you.
Another stupid Democrat overplaying her hand. You're new and already a disgrace..
Already called! Thank you.
We the people call upon all you politicians destroying our nation to resign or watch you will not be reelected!
Thank you! @SenKamalaHarris
@TuckonSports resistance is futile; you will be assimilated
@MoLulkowski I called my senators and congressman.
I called both Sen. Blunt & Sem @clairecmc
I called and left a message for Senator @marcorubio
I think it is you who should resign.
cry a
@saywhat95 I just left a message for my Ga senators telling them to push for #sessionsresignation or face bigger problems
Great because Ga goes republican every time
but they don't realize they need to listen bc Ga Republicans are fed up too .
No. I don't agree.
I would love for you to resign You came in on Hillary's coat tails I live in CA it's a mess Concentrate on our State
Agree. She got in because no real opposition, and Obama endorsed her. She's harming our state even more
public servant prostitute
I have my senators and representatives as contacts in my phone now. #lifeChanges #resist
You Should Resign
I just called on you to resign, I dont want my tax payer dollars feeding you
you people are pathetic who cares its not a crime to talk to a Russian
I called and emailed today.
why don't you take care of things that really matter, like working for the American people and not your anti-Trump agenda.
they are hanging up on me
called Al rep Bradley Burn & I asked do u care that he committed perjury? They said they are still with him and don't care
@RealDLHughley If it was a Democrat , removal would have taken place immediately. Shut down the W.H. and began impeachment
Thank you, Senator Harris.
I'm calling on you to resign Kamala.
tried calling they won't pick up.
One of the best votes I've ever cast was for you. Keep it up.
Well...it is California.
Did you call on Loretta Lynch to resign after her meeting with Bill on the tarmac?
I really believe it's YOU that should resign. You are, like all damocraps, liars to your very soul.
@roxaneschmidt Just called my Seantors Warner & Kaine and Cong. Goodlatte. Sessions must resign, ind. inv., spec. pros.
Correction: Senators. Typing too quickly.
I'm sure it was okay when Obama told the Russians "wait until after the election,...."!
I agree Obama should disappear to an island for screwing up USA. DO NOT ASK TRUMP FOR $ FOR CA!
Seriously, you are a Senator? How did that happen?
keep it up and DJT will give you Ted Cruz
You need to resign. You suck!
I stand with Jeff #Sessions.  Get your facts before you scream resignation.
we have the facts. He lied! #crookedpolitician
this hypocrite needs2resign. her office&demand she vacate now Vote these witch hunters out of office #istandwithSessions
Distract from Obama DOJ funnelling $$ to liberal organizations. #Russia

ChristiChat: RT ChristiChat: Why they FEAR SESSIONS!

Obama administration funneled billions to liberal groups thr… 
LOL #FauxNews where the dumb get their news to get dumber. Or as you'd likely say "dumberer." I'm with @KamalaHarris
That is weak. Bring facts to defend what you responded to.
FACT White House yesterday admits Flynn + Kushner also MET Russians. WH said in Jan only TEXT messages DOLT  @KamalaHarris
Who gives a shit Hillary sold 20% of US uranium to Russia. Podesta owned 75000 shares of a co. Connected to Putin.
Russia is all weak liberals have for its failures. I rather work with them to destroy isis and globalist.
Rather have peace with Russia than a nuclear war like the left and soros puppets on the right want.
you'll be voted out before Sessions is through with his duties. #draintheswamp #BANALLMUSLIMS #kamalaharrisRACIST
I call on you to resign.
as a lawyer, surprised you took this position before having the facts.
it's what she did as AG for California...consistently
some so-called public servants are not there for the public nor for serving but merely for self-promotion.
agree
hey Harris -- you are entering Pelosi brain wave territory -- might want to dial it back a bit
says a guy from NM. Ack.
don't blame me for the idiots who voted Dem here --we have a welfare state and lots of illegals to take care of @SenKamalaHarris
Sorry life sucks in NM = you need to blame others. Try Kansas where your #GOP is driving that car off a cliff @SenKamalaHarris
get a life and a real job.
I don't agree. He did not lie nor mislead. Senators meet with Ambassadors. Your colleagues did to support Iran deal.
Why weren't you calling for Hillary to resign when Bill met Lynch on Phoenix tarmac. Your party is pathetic!
Sen Menendez goes thru.  Conan norcross, can't get thru
what number do you call if you disagree and think he should stay and help drain the swamp

all the people that paid these people should resign!!!
Perjury=Felony Prosecute Sessions! @SenKamalaHarris #SessionsMustResign #SessionsRussia #SessionsLied
you are one to point the finger seeing as you refused to investigate #stevenmnuchin for role in the housing crisis
God love your objectivity and fairness. Nothing like waiting for the facts. You're already a political hack.
The only reason you're going after Sessions is because he's going after pedophiles and sex trafficking rings. YOU resign.
@The_Borg_Queen_ Don't agree with the DEM witch hunt. Lynch, Holder, HILLARY, BARRY etc - ALL LIARS!
WELL WELL..#Sessions wasn't the only member of the Armed Services Committee to meet with a Russian diplomat.
I don't. Go away.
Can't get through.
I agree.  I agree I agree
Attorney General Sessions is a man of the highest integrity.  YOU should resign.
For what? You guys are so predictable it is scary
I have left you a message and @RepLindaSanchez that Sessions needs to resign.  I couldn't get thru to Se. Feinstein.
Thanks for the number....I'm going to call and tell them you @SenKamalaHarris should resign
done, thanks for the number, Senator Nelson and Rep Murphy have been briefed on our demands...;)
Who do we call if we do not agree?

Partisan bullshit
You are my senator, do I still need to call you?
@madness_meme @GOP @jeffsessions #ArrestJeffSessions What's good 4 goose is good 4 gander! @chuckschumer #Remember1998
did u call on Loretta Lynch or Eric Holder to resign? Given both their significant missteps
Get over it. No one investigated that special meeting between Bill and Lynch.
The switchboard is full.
Obama sycophant go away loser liberals
I called too!!  We all need to step up and call.
just called and left a message
yawn
Done.
You first
Hillary sold 20% of US uranium to Russia. Podesta owned 75,000 shares in Putin-tied energy company. #Sessions did his job
dont forget they proved clare mccaskell lied today to,..but all libs lie
Senator Feinstein's phone goes straight to voicemail; please let her know I left  a message supporting this. :)
I am calling for you to resign Call: (202) 224-3121.
Resign for what? Doing his job as Senator. Many other Senators met with Russian Amb. They resign also? Pathetic!
#fakenews #liars
@badgirl_loony Done 
I disagree w u. In fact u should resign for pushing fake news.
Sessions is innocent and you DEMS WILL PAY at the ballot box #2018 #2020
@ShchukinKonon NO!  You are totally devoid of rational thought and clear reasoning. Resign?  Hell no!
i call on you to resign for being a traitor to our country and potus trump.
Awwwwww, it's ok snowflake.  Just go to your safe space and have a nice tall glass of warm milk!
Do something with your time. Clearly you have so much to waste on this nonsense.
You're the one who needs to resign for spreading false propaganda and protecting criminals!
Really?? What about all of you taking money from special interest groups,how much did they pay you
get over it he's here to stay you aren't
you need to resign your doing nothing but witch hunting and playing party politics
@H_Combs  Democrats tamped to keep Trump from his agenda
And Claire McCaskill (D)?
She met the same ambassador, and lied about it as well. If she steps down first, we'll talk.
@SenKamalaHarris
How about you resign, and take Schumer and Pelosi with you.
The ppl know your corrupt Stalin tactics
Sessions will prosecute your leader Obama for spying against GOP during elections
Don't worry about all these Trump-crazies. They're much too rude and ignorant to be from your constituency. Resist.
wait to boot u guys out karma sux
No victory if Democrats' Russophobic propaganda sinks #Sessions . This is even worse than his nomination & confirmation.
isn't there a form of perjury since he was under oath?  Is there not a parallel course on this front too?
nobody cares
Bwahahahaha, you should resign
@labbysexy Yes, "I totally agree". I congratulate you on your election and we welcome you to the federal family.
Better idea, you resign!!!!
Surely you know how one answers questions similar to a deposition. Stop this nonsense.
For what? He did NOTHING WRONG. Stop the whining. You lost get over it! Go join Obama's "shadow gov" OFA you fit in better!
thank you for this number. I shared it on my fb page as well
Eff off, nasty woman
Senator Harris, respectfully, where is your counterpart Senator Feinstein? She's been awfully quiet on this situation...
No
Resign?? Because DemocRATS who can't accept that Donald Trump is their POTUS say so???  Lady please! Try doing some effective work 4 once
No, YOU need to resign. No call for opening cases against Holder & Lynch . Holder's in contempt, neither recused themselves. #MAGA
Done!
neo-McCarthyist
I completely agree that Sessions must go.  @POTUS @realDonaldTrump 
#NotFakeNewsFakePresident #impeachTrumpnow
for what???
Who gave u ur marching orders Sen? Soros? OFA? Indivisible? MediaMatters? Look out the AG will be investigating u! #Dems
Seeing as how Obama and these Democrats have been actively Pursuing both Sedition and Treason against the U.S., fake news!
why? You're are talking out of your ass again..  Stop making everything political and be productive.
another useless witch screaming
@SenBillNelson I just tried calling,your mailbox is full.no one is taking your calls. My vote is to have AG Sessions RESIGN
2nd request... investigate TRUMP for Impeachment!
you should resign
@ezlusztig he hasn't been found guilty of anything except doing his dang job. Sit down. Your all pulling at straws now

I voted for you and have called your office to say I agree completely.
thank you.
you're a partisan divisive hack. This is a witch hunt and several dems today said they ALSO met with Russian ambassadors
TY Kamala!!!
So now COMMUCRATS make new rules. You are now GUILTY until proven innocent!!!
I am a huge Trump fan, but if sessions and his war on legalization of marijuana goes on, I'll vote Democrat in 2020!legal
I call for the resignation of u. Nancy, chuck, Elijah an all others that are corrupt. How's that?
#SessionsLied.He should be arrested & charged with perjury & 4 private email acct. with security mssgs. hacked.LOCK HIM UP!
sorry nobody n the real world agrees.Democratic Party is slowing becoming a joke. Underestimating the American people again
#LOCKHIMUP
How can I trust the independence of a lying attorney general who sells out to communist Russia? Jeff Sessions must go!!!
I totally disagree with you.  Stop all this crap and get to work.  Also total disappointment on 1st Bill. Do u work for usa
#Istandwithsessions
thanks for speaking for me and all Americans I will call #RussiaStooge
#Sessions needs to resign and charges need to be filed against him for perjury. @LollyVerbana
... and she told her daughter in SMS that it was terrorist attack then lied to public that it was bc of stone stupid video?
“Its outrageous the administration is saying anyone who might have committed a crime qualifies for deportations
and you want people to take you seriously at the saying something like that
thank you from a proud constituent!!
File a bar complaint against him.
thank you!
did you ask the same fir Loretta or when Hillary lied to committee about their foundation. Or Holder fir weapons in Mexico
if he didn't do anything wrong why are you tweeting This? Maybe the same should be done to you.
@marstu67 done
Were you sent to congress to be a legislator or a witch hunter? Right, the latter
CALL THIS # They take yr ZipCode TELL U yr REPS & Senators THX>>@SenKamalaHarris"Congress needs 2 hear from U Call: (202) 224-3121"
I'd love to see YOU resign. U R just another corrupt CA politician.
