Repulican oath seenms to be to only there party
In Germany we had a party named die Republikaner... they were fascists...
The GOP is becoming the party of fascists
In Germany, we mainly hear about dems and reps from us. and reps have always been significantly far right -specially since Obamas first run
Yes the GOP does not like people of color or women
Seems they can't handle smart- I mean really smart people 
No they can not
Kamala aren't they looking into u & Maxine for some "business" dealings? Yep they are!!!!!
Are you seriously practicing this? Look in the mirror and reflect !!'
Congrats.....Yes....a Nasty Woman???
Seems not to be equal for reps...
Luv your style Sen.
So do I. You and your family are remarkable. Sincerely hoping you will seek the highest office bc we need you.
Exactly
Tell that to Comey, who obviously colluded with Lynch and Hilarious. Sessions is doing fine in spite of the witch hunt.
Thank you for being a strong woman and standing up to corruption!
She is a dufus.
Considering the number of corrupt traitors we have in office now, dufus seems like a minor offense.  What a strange thing to say.
@POTUS probably didn't read the oath because it only had his name once and didn't listen to the words cause he was thinking about his hair.
In times like this I replay Harris's ridiculous questions of CIA director. #dufus
She's a prosecutor.  I am pretty sure her line of questioning was above your head.  Thanks for playing though.
I work with lawyers and some of them are super stupid. Her line of questioning drew chuckles.
You are awesome. Thank you for your strength, courage and honor, Senator. You're my hero. 
..........EXCEPT when the Democrats abhor the Constitution giving Donald Trump the Electoral votes to win the Presidency.
You are the best. Hero!
All GOP swear an oath to Grover Norquist also. It seems the constitution takes a back seat to special interests.
Constitution? GOP goal is 2 use religion 2 control the masses 2 vote against their best interests.
That's funny that you would say that, while having the worst President ever as your avatar.
Cognitive Dissonance must be a beautiful thing.  You say one thing and do another....
Have ya ever read it?
Too bad you didn't, as AG of CA, do the same with it's Constitution, you decided to ignore it; when did you start getting high and mighty?
Yes you do,all of you,on both sides should try to develop the discipline to live up to your oath.TO THE CONSTITUTION,you & most others dont
You rocked it again! Thank you!!
Can you please petition for Sessions to appear in an OPEN hearing? We the people have the right to witness his explanation of lack there of!
She destroyed him #yougogirl
Sadly the way the GOP is acting I think they have forgotten what the Constitution stands for.
Do you know what the constitution stands for?
Are loyalty oaths to a person even legally enforceable?
Kamala have you ever read it?
Yessss
Can you tell sessions that...i think he has no recollection of that either
Amen to that,
Mary McCord ??
Please run for President.
Do you? Biggest gov story of our time (note date) & total msm blackout http://circa.com/politics/barack-obamas-team-secretly-disclosed-years-of-illegal-nsa-searches-spying-on-americans … where's the outrage?  & illegal unmasking
Keep the heat on senator  yu are part. of the hope  to remove the Nazis  and fascists from our govt. I'm proud to support yu
LOYALTY is the first step in the authentic American Way. LOYALTY b4 BRAVERY b4 FREEDOM b4 PRIDE.All AmerindChief demands LOYALY from Council
He meant the #constituion ...
So true but many GOP's have forgotten that!
Stupid Trump, he got his wedding vows mixed up - heard something about a party and went all orange!

We need our democratic members of congress to start calling for impeachment already, there won't be anymore evidence brought to light than
What has already come out. The more we keep saying "it's not time yet", or "there's not enough evidence yet", the more the GOP will feel
That it's okay not to impeach Trump, and they'll continue to point at democrats and say "see not even they think he should be impeached yet"
We need to stand up for what's right and justice as a whole. We know the GOP would be calling for impeachment if the roles were reversed.
Did she blast Obama when he required same?
The Constitution pertains to US citizens Only. You defy it
You seem to swear all right!  Please represent us with more class and refrain from public use of profanity.
I Guess You were in the Room???
Thank you for stating the obvious. Isn't it treasonous to do otherwise? Please pair up with Chris Murphy for 2020!
I wish your colleagues in Congress were held accountable when breaking their oath.
Federal employees in most cases no longer take the "Oath" but receives a copy when hired. Congress differs.
Right! Maintain a strong separation of church and state and you won't have to take to the streets against any religious law. #resist
Please run for president in 2020.
Please.
Be careful K
Thank you, it's about time someone else in this position does.
You were amazing with KNOB head Rodgers
Liar... you would drown a baby for your party
@LunaLuvgood2017
an oath the GOP  lying potus and his corrupt so called cabinet break EVERY SINGLE DAY
When will this nightmare end?
Yes, the American people have the right to expect a president to know better. Sad how they keep trying to make excuses for an idiot
Last person i know who had people and army swear oath to him (instead of country or constitution) was Adolf Hitler!
Keep on, Senator!
Do you know the difference between swearing a "Loyalty Oath" and being loyal? Are you loyal to your husband? Did he require an oath?
Thank you Kamala for everything you're doing to get to the bottom of this corrupt and disgusting administration.  You make California proud.
I  how some r now trying to defend the Donald w/the offensive argument that he just didn't know better. #pleasestop We r better than this
Soldiers put country above their own lives. But Republicans cannot even put country over party when it comes to the joker who is POTUS
so worried he asked Gorsuch (and all cabinet members) to pledge loyalty #democracydies
Keep kicking corrupt asses! Btw, my students were excited watching you during Comey testimony! Such a great leader and blessing! Thank you!
Good advice to live by Senator.
Loyalty to leaders is when he or she is also told something they may either not initially fully appreciate or want to hear. Candor & courage
It's unfortunate that a US senator has to remind people about this.
Ok, Kamala... do you have ideas on how to fix it?
You are a Goddess! #HarrisGillibrand just sayin'
Can you tell me where in the constitution nullification is ok? We've already fought that battle once. #sanctuarystate
Does the honor of our country rest on the shoulders of one old, scarred,man- @DNICoates. Did 45 beg you for your help? And you feel? What.
And yet you keep breaking that oath when you allow people to remain in this country in violation of our immigration laws
Oath?  A pound of cleverness does not outweigh an ounce of loyalty.  Ldrs swear oath to the constitution; POTUS did not push that button.
He did not listen when he was sworn in, he got distracted.
As we can see right in front of us, demand loyalty or pledging loyalty to a "president" is incredibly dangerous.
Keep going!  You are a great stateswoman! Thank you
Sessions trump's fall guy!! What is wrong with these republicans No integrity whatsoever! None!
He is UNCONSTITUTIONALLY fit to be president - a con in chief! Has done business with the MOB!
Didn't he get sworn in when he took office? #BIGFATLIER
WE THE PEOPLE...
That's why Trump needs to be removed.He took an oath to protect the country,and he's completely ignoring the threat Russia continues to pose
Great words to live by in government
Go get them Kamala!!
So why have you stripped Californians of their 2nd Amendment Right and support doing so nationally
@JDtruth4u you did good , I 'm proud of you .
You're my adopted Senator, because I live in a red state with  red Senators
She's all yours keep her. No returns
Sure. It is better to let sick and poor people die in the streets or starve to death because they can't do the bootstrap thing
You might swear the oath to the constitution but you do everything you can to tear it down.  You are no constitutionalist...
We are proud of you !!!!
Getting warmed up for Jefferson Beauregard Sessions III on Tuesday?  He might be more forthcoming if questioned in his native Russian.
Please run for President!
You are quickly becoming one of the few politicians left that inspire trust in the system
Speak 4 yourself.
Sadly this fact is often conveniently overlooked on today's climate.
Alan Dershowitz busts the whole "Obstruction of Justice" narrative to pieces!
Not at dinner over steaks and ketchup?
Sing it sister....
That is not true for any Dem or Repub.  Their priorities are themselves their party then last the country. You are as bad as everyone else
He doesn't have the right to pick and choose his setting.
I see a Harris & Booker ticket in the future
We appreciate all you for American people, Kamala. Keep up the good work!
Exactly!
Trump only there to make money  for the white nationalist.
Also the GOP had all presidential candidates take an oath also-What is it with a party that needs papers on you  to secure your support ?

Robert Mueller can incarcerate a sitting President. Prosecute Trump in the federal courts system,. Affording Trump his 5th Amendment rights. 
Abso-freakin'-lutely! Kamala is THE woman! Patriot, Truth-seeker, Honest, and great Investigator- Prosecutor. Still in awe over questions.
Trump, also, swore an oath to the Constitution.  Although he never read it.  Reading is not his strong suit.
The only time that Donald Trump has seen the Constitution was the copy Mr. Khizr M. Khan, the Gold Star Father waved at him!
Khan was fuckin wrong on the USC; plus the newfound love for all things USA from the unAmerican left is funny. Now you're patriotic? GFY.
Touch a nerve Deliverance?
Now now, don't hate on the ppl that make your fine bourbon. And how is it a law firm rep talks using memes? Grow up...
but you blasted Justice Gorsuch for "legalisms" Double Standard AGAIN.
Yea...not like that Gorsuch guy..using the law and all to base his rulings instead of feelings..you go ahead and uphold that Constitution.
#CountryBeforeParty @matthewjdowd
You're a patriot. I support you & your ideals 100%. But we're in Bizarro world. Rules don't apply. Our country's in trouble #Sanity #Resist
Kamala, you are a modern day super-hero. Don't stop. Be your bad self and keep kicking ass!
He knows better hes a crook, your doing a great job by the way thank you
Thank you not only for your service, but the example you set, especially for my daughter.
kamala, our state of CA is a mess. #stopthecartax
Unfortunately, he does not understand what the constitution is or does.  That's what we are dealing with. An ignorant narcissist.
Keep doing the good work. I look forward to watching you wipe a lot condescending smiles off a lot smug faces.
Senator Harris speaking truth when the country needs to hear it.
The hill??? still Anti MAGA rag?
Go get 'em, Senator.
TRUTH ,TOGETHER Sen Kamala Harris
Too bad @POTUS only swears an oath to his money and business.

Some people just don't understand and demand loyalty oaths. Truly a terrible place for America to be in today. #TrumpRussia
You are inspiring!!
