Senator Kamala Harris will question AG Jeff Sessions next. Watch live -->
You were so rude, rushing Atty General and assuming he did something wrong. You should be ashamed
She's got her talking points. She's trying to make a name for herself. Very obnoxious.
Oh, and Trump isn't obnoxious .. get real!
I'm talking about her. Can you liberals ever stay on point?
You were SLIGHTLY tough on the old man, don't ya think??? Had him reaching for his apple sauce.
My 12 year old girl hearing you question AG admiringly said, “She sounds like a badass!” #withallduerespect
Because she is!!!
Thank you for representing the American people and asking the right questions! And why does McCain only interrupt you? I'm in PA but value U
Kamala, You are the RUDEST person I have EVER seen! Sessions has more integrity and knowledge in his finger than you have in ur whole body!!
Tremendous job Senator, hopefully you do not get interrupted in the future.
So, @SenJohnMcCain is NOT only allowed any amount of time but is allowed to LEAD AG?!? Ridiculous.
Go get them #interruptitis
Pretense of self-righteous WOC, it's a marketing gimmick to sell to the Dems.
It won't work.  But she'll raise money from useful idiots
Should have switched roles.
You were AWESOME.
We got evasion with: Hillary, Obongo and the rest of your kind. STOP WASTING TAX $$,  GET IT OVER IT "YOU LOST"
you grilled that lying sessions !
Why is "long standing policy" re: "confidential communications" not in possession of congressional members? You either assert priv.or waive.
they should take over the questioning.....nothing is gained by your nonsense
I'm sorry but you are so rude cutting off the AG, won't even let him answer. Lost my respect. Eye opening to see the real you.
Look at you trying to leverage the press. You'll be forgotten soon enough. Won't make it past primaries. #nostamina #novote2020
You deserve to be a senator, great job. You are the only true champion of the people.
You were AMAZING as always.  Proud to be a Californian 
You're my newest hero. Thank you for being a woman we can be proud of and look up to!
Why would anyone be proud of behavior like? It just made her look like the left wing bully that she is.
You have absolutely NO CLASS.  How absolutely shameful you are.
The first thing an intelligent women possesses is manners, then intelligence.  You lucked out on both insignificant Kamala.
I am so sick of Burr reprimanding you. WTF is up with these men in the Senate?  They need to go.
Another great job, by a great senator! Don't let up
What's the legal basis for all these trump buddies saying they refuse to answer questions about the president?"I'm protecting the president"
Guess you don't have to be intelligent to be on the intelligence committee as you certainly prove.
Maybe your staff should have taken over your questions ... horrid. You should be ashamed at your rude behavior! So disrespectful|unbecoming
Sessions: I don't recall, I don't remember, I have to cover up for our lying unethical president, I'm still involved with Russian probe, etc
Thank you for your excellent questions. The thing that impressed us most about Sessions is that he is not fit for his job!
I am guessing some people will say you were being too tough on Sessions. More discrimination against strong assertive females!
You and the word intelligence are polar opposites.
So your thoughts are not your own. TYPICAL
Wow so many snowflakes in this thread.  No proof of anything folks...no there there.   MAGA
Drop Dead
you are showing your true nature- rude and complete lack of respect for others - you are the opposite of a professional Sen
go back to beginners school     The hypocrisy of liberal is so exceedingly high, the bias, waste of money and time.
You were nothing but rude to ag sessions. Hope ur like this with the Loretta lynch hearings.  Oooh can't wait for that!!!
If you EVER get around to at least some objectivity you might ask L.  Lynch a few 'Tarmac' questions.Your whole party is corrupt to the core
Hey staff. Are you embarrassed by how awful your boss is?
RUDE.
Thank you for seeking justice for our democracy. Brilliant today!
Bravo! Well done Sen Harris!
Why not take etiquette course, you sure need it!  Also, you will never amount to much if you try to bully your way 2the top. RESPECT NEEDED!
Staff will do a better job
Hey Sen. Harris, let me remind you, AG Sessions is a witness NOT A DEFENDANT!! U know the rules, but u continue to violate them! Arrogance
You have a brilliant mind, and loved your questioning!  You made him "nervous," go figure, a woman!  
BAD HAIR-DAY ? wow you even look like a LIBTARD LIAR !
Impt: Sessions said he "knew Comey would not succumb to pressure."  Sessions KNEW Trump was going to try & pressure Comey.
Are going to let anyone answer this time or, ramble on and look ridiculous in front of the country again.
A useless Senator
Got your butt reprimanded again. I wonder why you can't be quiet after you ask a question. Some places that works, but not in the Senate.
Poor wittle Jeff Sessions. You make him nervous.
@SenKamalaHarris seems actually to believe the fluff pieces she reads about herself . . .
Give them hell, Senator!
She was frikken awesome!
She makes me ponder all of the syllables in "ver·i·si·mil·i·tude" as relating to a Senator with great positivity! Left hook, right hook, !
you did an amazing job, this Californian is proud of you!
He sure waisted your allotted time with long drawn out "non recollections"
It was very rude of you to invite him to testify and then not allow him to fully answer.  You're a bully.  You have nothing.
Rude & vile. Pathetic bar failing POS pandering to the camera. It's despicable her caliber treating our AG so disrespectfully. Scorched her
Did I just hear John McCain scolding you AGAIN? And getting shut down by Warner?
They should take over your job, because you suck big time.
You were an embarrassment, once again.
You should have washed your hair this morning
What an embarrassing you are.
@cnn @msnbc AWARD GIVEN: to @SenKamalaHarris for being the rudest Senator on the panel. See @SenTomCotton on how to conduct professionally
Excellent job...your point heard around the world.
What an ass! The #SenateIntelligenceCommittee investigation is an us VS them gotcha instead of productive Q&A The AG is trying to be factual
You are fabulous! Shame on your male colleagues for aiding the AG in avoiding answering your excellent & clearly uncomfortable questions!
Don't win points not giving sessions a chance to answer.
You tried, and I applaud you loudly for it. McCain is being a nasty little man.
Your theatrical performance wouldnt make the cut on Nickelodeon you showed your ignorance and disrespect we will vote accordingly WE THE PPL
you were schooled... come better prepared next time! #loser #lunatic
why do the men try to make women be quiet??? #sheresisted #impeachsessions
Maybe because they're being RUDE??  Being a strong woman doesn't mean you have to be a nasty witch. 
Why is it when you ask, they get mad!
your racism oozes out of your pores.....you hateful nasty woman.
He has no clue about the policy because there is no policy, he's making it up.  Why are you the only one calling him out on that??
Please make that sorry-piece-of-AG to feel uncomfortable!
If he is having memory issues maybe he is no longer fit to serve. 35 years of service is a long time maybe health checks should be done
Good question Sen Harris
Thank you Senator Harris!  I appreciate you and your strength and fortitude, and all you do for this great nation!   #TheResistance
go get him girl!! Ask this moron if he has dementia...he cant recall anything. Cant answer yes or no! This is the attorney general??
so poised! love it..keep grilling him..he's about to crack!
LET HIM ANSWER THE FLIPPEN QUESTIONS SEN DEMS!! THIS WITCH HUNT YOUR ON IRAQ COSTING AMERICAN TAXPAYERS!! ENOUGH!
YOUR ON********
You didn't notice several male Reps interrupting him too? Well they did too - but not as many since they don't ask q's, they just talk
You're doing an awesome job at interrogating Sessions.
Did you keep notes of all your meetings at the last Democratic dinner you attended?? Please answer
Go senator!!
Cotton and Sessions having a live fest
Good Luck!
can't wait. Cotton is ridiculous
This is a joke! The republicans are picking party over country. Sessions big smile on his face.
Ask him why he would meet with an ambassador with a country that hacked our election????
If ever a call was made for intention to obstruct a senate hearing, this is it.
Ask him who at FBI complained about Comey
Sessions and scripted Repub Senators/Chair are running a bamboozle scam on Dem Senators and Americans watching this circus.
Don't let them shush you @SenKamalaHarris !!!! #resist #throwdabumsout #respectoursenator
Def of "Stone Walling " https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stonewalling …
Please call for him to resign.  Is he not required to answer questions!?
Maybe a yes or no question format will end Session from filibustering Dem Senators time...with clearly, BS
Harris staff: please get her to ask re: #sanctions discussed with #Russia he just said discussed with countries their interests
He claims there is a DOJ "policy" which prevents him from disclosing potus discussions. What is the policy number?  Where can it be found?
At best, Sessions showed up...he may as well be a mannequin in a chair. Embarrassing to watch Sessions charade.
Go get him! You've got lots of fans in NY, by the way!
is Sessions planning to pardon people being investigated for collusion ?

Photo: Jeff Sessions & Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak at Trump's April speech at The Mayflower.

#SessionsHearing #TrumpRussia #Resist 
Sessions must know / provide legal citations for his claims of privileged communications with WH staff..Sessions intentionally vague.
@SenatorBurr Sessions now says he was implicitly recused from the Russia probe from day one and simply didn't announce it publicly WEIRD
I live in Mississippi. God bless you for fighting because you're fighting for me & everybody else who feels hopelessly lost in a red state.
Objections your honor...Chair leading the witness"...Chair and GOP clearly scripted their examination to obfuscate point of this hearing
Hey Kamala, what about AG Loretta Lynch and her collusion with the DNC and telling Comey to look the other way on HRC.
HRC...really?  Try to stay on TOPIC Delta....this is about elf boy Sessions and his Russian involvement.
The Lynch collection spawns my interest because it had a bigger impact than Russia could've ever of had!
Bigger than Russia???  Potential threat to our Democracy and it has no impact???
Loretta Lynch and Obama were a threat to our national security I do agree!
Sessions intentionally rambling opening statement obviously crafted by GOP writers. WTF is Sessions rambling about ?
Go get "en, Kamala!
I just cant watch with the volume up..for now
STAY STRONG! Jail the crooked creep #russianpuppet !! #resist #Indivisible
No he didn't mention God in his speech, WWJD about U and Russia Mr. AG. Talk is cheap man.
Truth and nothing but the truth?  Is that possible with this WH?  Go get 'em Kamala...
#IHope he tells the truth.
it looks like #JeffSessions missed his nap.
#JeffSessions 
Smirky face says #AlFranken asked rambling question...nope
Questions from #AlFranken were some of most clear.
i think he's off topic...kind of like his boss.
You go girl! Tear that lying little elf a new one!!!
If you get flustered, just look @ this picture 
If he denies Mayflower Hotel meeting, rephrase -- were there any other meetings or interactions, not previously disclosed?
You go, Girl!
How many stupid, irrelevant questions will you ask during this hearing?
Sic him Senator Harris

Persist! Don't forget to curtsy though 
I hope McCain asks intelligent questions and not waste time others could use. #ImpeachTraitorTrump
Our future!  https://www.amazon.com/dp/B072QWF8TL?th=1 …
Not Ever!

I'm.There, Sen. Kamala Harris,TRUTH
GIVE HIM HELL! 
Delay due to new Senate committee hearing rules by GOP no doubt. Still ask pithy and rebuke protesters
Kick Ass!!
kick his ass bb! I got your flower
Give 'me hell and don't let the men shush you! You (and the American public) deserve HONEST answers for a change.
Oh Good, maybe we'll see something intelligent for a change
Go get the #truth outta him!!!
Hit'em hard Senator....get the truth.
Nail that racist sob.
Thanks for your hard work Senator. Don't let him off the hook. We're watching in CA 
Can't wait!!

Get that truth Kamala!
Doesn't she have to shut up first to get the answers?
Not when the answers unrelated and are designed to eat up the clock and provide, no.
That isn't it.  It's not the first time she had to be reprimanded because she wouldn't shut up to allow answers to her questions.
