I’ll be tweeting this every day until this terrible bill is killed.
Nazi
good repeat of the talking point word for word.  shows just how brainless democrats are.
The GOP is worried about making millionaires mad. Dems are worried about sick children dying. #DeathByGOP
Obamacare is the single largest tax increase on the middle class, you must be ignorant. Oh Democrats want the middle class to capitulate
America was such a great country until this orange devil came along.
Same old tired, liberal drum beating. Obamacare was worst legislation EVER...
Of course Viagra is funded but sex w/men leading to pregnancy is punishable so who r these men having sex with if they defund birth control
Either other men or mistresses who will now get back alley abortions if necessary
The holier than holy GOPmen, their women/daughters will always find easy access2 abortions bc they are exceptional & they r exempt from laws
Obamacare was the single largest tax increase on the middle class in history people have to make choices now, food or healthcare, get a grip
We should all stop calling the republican bill a healthcare bill since it does the exact opposite
Together we are stronger. Thank you.
And California had a chance to do something. Fail!! Thanks Dems.
Taking away food stamps, health care and they don't think they will face severe repercussions when their kids die or go hungry?
Would you like to clarify that tax increases on the wealthy to fund ACA are being repealed?  Or do you want to continue to lie/deceive?
The CBO stated that the majority of those that will "lose" coverage will do so voluntarily by not being forced to buy coverage.
Why don't they just call it The Republican Tax Cut Bill?
@ToBeSafeNSound Thank you for looking out for us!
I'd really love to know the justification for that one too. Makes no sense, and no one's talking about the answer as to why. WHY?
Call your Senator and express your support for 22 million at risk.
(313)528-6780
and they don't care. they have coverage GOP is the death panel
Duh
Sounds perfectly Republican to me?
It's the Wealthcare Bill
Oh like you dont use your political bs to scare people. Many Americans didnt want the BS healthcare in the first place wanted govt out of HC
Healthcare has millions of people very scared right now ! I really think every person who earns under $25000 /mo. should get free healthcare
And so it goes and so it goes and so it goes. Where it's goin' no one knows
Totally ridiculous! Absolutely insane! BlueEyeDevils!
I love tax cuts. Just like how God is tax exempt. Shouldn't God pay taxes too, Kamala?
"Wealthcare!"
We all know this. What are you DOing about tit?
Why are we (media?) still talking about a @GOP "Healthcare" bill? 
This, is not that. Not even close. And to talk like it is, is insulting
STAND STRONG- MILLIONS SUPPORT YOU AND WILL REMEMBER WHAT YOU DID TO STAND UP FOE AMERICA
The #WealthCare plan guarantees EVERYBODY can own a beautiful Insurance Plan if they can afford to pay for it without Govt. assistance. 
Well the CBO report backed your claim...22million...
Wealthcare. Caring for the wealthy at the expense of the less healthy.
We need the democratic caucus to fight until the end. Lead the way, the men aren't going to do it. #YesIBelieveWomenWillSaveTheNation
Retweet Retweet RETWEET RETWEET RETWEET RETWEET RETWEET RETWEET RETWEET RETWEET RETWEET RETWEET
It's the republican way.  Don't have a clue nor do they care about poor struggling families. Sad sad!
This sounds devastating.
Since when are 400 greedy rich families worth more than the rest of the US population?? They are nothing but robbers & parasites!
this means the barackcare will end. USA will be able to purchase, find receive Insurance on their choice, not FedGov plan FYI
"When someone shows you who they are, believe them the first time". - MayaAngelou #TrumpCare
TELL THEM TO GET A JOB LIKE THE REST OF US
And, Obamacare will also take away coverage for millions of Americans as insurers continue to pullout and HC exchanges collapse.
Please tell us what government subsidies for members congress?
Which is what it's always been about!
Millionaires and Billionaires love #Trumpcare
They so need our money though.
you and the other Senators have given hope to millions that there are people in the Government that really do care about us..#ThankYou 
Democrats STOP bringing a pencil to a "knife fight" We need our DEMOCRATIC LEADERS to get mean, I hate that but it is true, we R losing R 
Yeah FREE coverage when the rest of us pay. Don't be stupid!
Say it again and again!
You seriously have one argument you repeat over and over. Poor=victims, rich=evil&greedy. You ignore issues/details that actually matter
Anyone can say that, you should dig in the constitutionality of the new healthcare  bill,it's hurting and putting the Americans at risk.
This is BY FAR the worst they've done.
DId you read that Senator compared humans to crashed cars requiring higher insurance payments
You are completely out of touch.
Sen. Harris, I would love to see you get a little more TED LIEUish in your tweets!!!!  The good ol'boys already fear you- nothing to lose!
Like me!
Just curious what the Democratic health care bill would be. What would an improved ACA look like? I don't hear much abt that. #actdontreact
You need to use exact figures like Stabenow did. 400 richest people in United States receive 33 billion dollar tax cut
They can try to twist and turn it around but right there is all anybody needs to know hurt the poor help the rich
GOP way.take from poor give to http://rich.gop  wants sick, ignorant uneducated ppl.control better
Just told that the tax cuts are a repeal of the tax hikes that were part of ACA. Is that true? And were those hikes on the wealthy?
Sad but true. #TrumpWealthCare #GOPWealthCare
I've been trying to explain to my father 77, how this bill will hurt him and mom.  He watches Fox and just is brainwashed.  This is awful!
And no-one cares.  Where is Mueller?
Don't give an inch
It's a race for time-  the faster you get rid of Trump the safer the country will be.  Hurry
Thank you Sen. Harris!
It's the #AmericanDeathCareAct.  Ask @physicianwomen
We ain't got a chance Senator..stay strong.
#Wealthcare
24MCitizens will Negatively Affected perhaps DEAD IF this garbage Passes!Healthcare should NOTbe About Making Money$it's about Saving lives!
Your tweet is dishonest. Americans are more intelligent than you think. What is your plan to improve health care? 
Fake news.
So Trumpcare is actually Wealthcare. Another sad day for this Country.
This bill essentially makes GOP the assassins of millions of people dead from pre existing conditions not treated. Dump bodies on Capital H.
It's not a "health care bill", it's a tax bill.
You tell them Kamala!
#Heartless #RepublicanVotersCongressandSenate:
#SIDELINEWARRIORS: Southern confederate mentality thinking cowards never willing to defend their America. Always thank you for your service. 
sadly the replacement bill will get worse every time.
Take a Republican to lunch - see if you can find common ground to stop this Draconian Bill  -
Text RESIST to 50404 for a fast easy way to fax your Senators and representatives to tell them how you feel
@IndivisibleTeam  I'm disgusted. This makes no sense whatsoever! This us an effing tax cut bill for the rich.
Bullshit.  Play the race card, income card, children and old people dying card etc.  blah blah blah
Please convince your Repub colleagues to vote #noAHCA. Use ANY MEANS necessary!! We're not in Kansas anymore....
It's not a health care bill, it's the repeal of Medicaid, DEFUNDING of PLANNED PARENTHOOD & the biggest WELFARE CHECK for the RICH.
Don't worry, tax cuts #trickledown.
#AHCAKills #GOPDeathCare #Call #VetsvsTrumpcare #KillTheBill #HealthNotWealth #HellerVoteNo #TrumpcareKills #Medicaid #WakeUpAmerica #Resist
#ProtectOurCare #NoTrumpCare #NoAHCA Senate & House GOP Must go on AHCA! Let them have no care or minimal care! They like it so well!
Should have also applied to the ACA!!
It's not a health care bill. It's a redistribution bill best I can tell.
I just tweeted the moderate GOP Senators who are leaning no. In addition to being cruel and heartless, it will wreck our economy with high $
.The GOP plan was never intended to fulfill a promise to the American people. It's designed purely to fulfill promises to the 1%.
This is the most shameful plundering of the American population imaginable. The middle-class will become poor, and the poor will die. Bad.
.It's nothing but a tax cut plan in the guise of healthcare reform!! That's what people need to realize.
Now would be a good time for a full throated support of #SB562 
Fight regression of the American Saftey Net by demanding #SinglePayerNow
It will also raise premiums for EVERYONE regardless of whether your employer provides healthcare. It's a domino effect.
#KILLTHEBILL
Amen! Keep it up Sen. Harris. Much love for ya
Me and my husband together make not even 50,000 a year. Mortgage,car payment to live. My 400 payment a mth doesn't help my 3000 deductable??
Cut something or I can't even think of seeing a Dr. #wasting MY money
Well you all said travel ban was illegal too credibility on judgment isn't there
Politicians exempted themselves ,
Fine us for not enrolling ,
Illegals for free , 
@SenKamalaHarris ,,, Rebuttal ?
ACA fell short, we're sure AHCA will have flaws too.  I don't see the parties working together anytime soon.  Sadly.
It's "wealth care" for the 1%, not "health care" for the 99%. Don't continue Trump's lie.
I will end up in a wheel chair. #SaveACA
How so? The bill redistributes. 23 million are "working poor"... Nowhere does it say anyone gets money. $15 billion goes to states...
What about the millions that paid IRS penalty no to have healthcare. Where do they get their healthcare? Like me,self pay is best way to go
If you were paying for your insurance you know that what you're saying right now is a lie. Either you don't work or you're rich or you'dknow
Please call it what it is #McConnellcare and #McConnellcareKills #GreedOverPeople
I called offices of @senorrinhatch @SenMikeLee @RepMiaLove & told them I could not support a bill that robs from the poor to give to top 1%
Lady you're a flat out liar ,ocruma screwed us, rates have tripled. This crap about the rich everyone knows that it's a lie of the Demorats.
Can the democrats make a last ditch effort to take a fix ACA & take it to the WH & R's?? Can you pls educate the country why ACA is failing
…talking point with not a shred of detail as to why? how coming tax cuts for all are effected. keep obstructing, keep losing dear.
#MEANbill
Taxed people, You were taxed so that insurance companies cld lower premiums. GOP defunded that program. You were taxed AND paid premium.
Sounds like pre-mediated murder
I love how I don't have to call you to make sure you are doing the right thing, you do it on your own! Thank you for fighting for me!
This is what the average #US voter wants. Give them what they voted for.
That's why this bill will be pushed through. After 4 special election wins, they no longer fear 2018.
Love you @SenKamalaHarris, but we're already painfully aware of this. We can only demonstrate.What can you do as a lawmaker to STOP this?
Keep calling your Senators (even if Dem). Get friends and family in red states to call theirs.
Calls have been made. Marches & picketing have been demonstrated. The elephant is still laughing at us in the middle of the living room.
And the rich laugh all the way to the bank while the poor beg for mercy in hospitals and bankruptcy courts



#wealthcare bill will cause my parents to lose everything they worked their entire lives for. #killtheahca #notmyfamily
Not if they do the decent thing & die the beauty of this bill doesn't require death panels everything they worked 4reverts back to the banks
Keep saying it enough times and they will believe it. LOL
Because Trump cares so much about veterans.


Trump was right; it’s not complicated at all!
Uhm no. He has never been right about anything, ever. 
Too bad you fail to see that.
Insanity
