Promoting the sending of children refugees back to the land they needed to flee...you're a saint.
Blame the parents, they should have thought about their children before they made the trip.
Your experience is not the only truth. Good Works are great and commended. However generalizing "send them all back" is irresponsible.
Your response was one of absolutism. Dedicate yourself to a multi-pronged approach and perhaps scale back on your moralism and assumptions
those who would be affected by this aren't just kids, they're adults; they're owners of businesses, parents of children & more
They also happen to be human beings and to deny them the legal support they need will continue to devastate immigrant families in the US.
@SenKamalaHarris I trust in you and those who share your ideals while working towards a better country than we currently hold.
Ideals? What ideals? What she wants is to turn down America, just as she wants to turn down our historical monuments.
Don't be profane sweetheart! You don't possess the tools to f--k anybody.Rather you should aim at getting f--ked; you may even like it!
,if I went illegally into Canada I would be jailed,fined thousands of dollars then deported to my home country,is that fair
Aren't the thousands of illegal votes that you already have enough?  You're more concerned about votes than the safety of American citizens!
they need to apply for entry the correct way. sorry, but not sorry.
Hope Trump keeps his promise these Illegals had a chance to get legal choose not too law is law and they're breaking it!
Yeah probably a good idea
END DACA, it's caca

Let's face it. The ONLY agenda Donald Trump has, is to erase ALL of Prez Obama's achievements. So vindictive.
DACA was not a good decision. Illegals need to apply to come into the country or they need to go.
What about our American kids on our American soil?
Hes such a fing ahole. Quintessential ahole. When will he be gone? No sympaties for him as he and family will be taken to the ground @nbc
The way I figure it 2705 days, or Jan 20, 2025
Dream on
Who determines "d right side of history"? You?
We must be on the right side of history by being on the side of these young people. https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/white-house/trump-likely-end-daca-immigrant-program-n796091 …
END DACA NOW! #MAGA 
Keep up the fight. I voted for you for a reason and you haven't let me down, yet. :)
Fingers Crossed 
Fight after fight with this guy. Stay strong. Harris-Kennedy 2020
Hasn't California seceded, check your messages.
If only there existed a branch of Government that made laws. #DACA is an illegal Executive Action. Why not pass a law instead?
Your young people are getting harmed bybplastic surgeons ~ regulations needed!
Reading this made me sick to my stomach thinking abt these innocent children. DJT has shown his true colors & he's clearly a vry racist man.
U should've proposed legislation as opposed 2 suspending law.Why do u value these kids over American kids?Reunite w families in orig. c'try!
I had a dream that people against Trumps deportation of daca began hiding these children just like those against Hilter did to protect Jews.
I believe that legal immigrants should be able to transition to full citizenship. Illegal alieans however, should not get special treatment.
Well then Kamala, you should rip Pelosi and Schumer a new ass for passing up the chance to do something meaningful for these kids.
Why you not shut up Kamala because your Party didn't do nothing for Inmigration.
terrible Trump has no hear. This is about CHILDREN what a horror of a human. What can be done? @GOP @RNC @DNC HELP
Will you fight for the children overseas that are children of CITIZENS that are not recognized
Leftists love all things Canada, but claim Canadian style MERIT based immigration is suddenly "racist" in USA only?
Is Canada now racist?
Hope trump cancels DACA! #MAGA

I love that phrase "the right side of history"!
A lot of these people are in their 30's.Stop acting like these are all children! #EndDACA
Immigration policy needs to be your work in the Senate. This shows why presidential edicts isn't effective law.
agreed. end this unconstitutional program NOW! #DACA
