Youre either male or female, if you have a mental disorder get help to accept your gender and join whichever branch of the military you want
This is based upon your extensive medical and science training correct?
Joseph, I was just going to say the same thing.  but....science is hard for many to comprehend.
Can't argue with stupidity I guess even though science has proved repeatedly that there are only two genders
Science Say There Are More Than Two Genders:

Ooooo the Blaze, solid non biased source :)

I was with but one is quite different. We are born black, they chose a different sex. I don't agree with the ban at all but the comparison?
This is a violation of human rights, prejudice. They are putting into place several policies( voting rights effected) besides military
Please re read my tweet. Thanks
I feel that if somone discriminates against you because of who you are it is prejudice.
My blackness. Can you see from my perspective why I had an issue with the comparison?
Yes , I can.
That's all I was trying to covey.This is the first time fully explaining why I feel this way. In no way I'm diminishing transgender struggle
I am not trans, but I am a member of the LGBT community and am very afraid... If he comes for one of us, he comes for all of us.
You're dismissed troll.
Senator Harris, would you say that this is an example of resegregation?

Except this time instead of skin color, it's our core identity.
It's arguable Because of sexual orientation today. Then it was because of race and color. Next yr he might ban women or Muslims
oh, he and his white trash followers already tried that one. Retrograde humanity - I wish we could somehow give them their own country
That's why I think we need to stand up, all of us, and demand a certain level of basic decency.

And we may have to go to lengths to get it.
It won't happen until he goes
Then we need to do whatever is neccessary to make sure he goes.

And in the meantime, impede every action in any way possible.
Let's Keep the Military desegregated @LambdaLegal Lawfirm
That is what we call trash
Trump's decision is really smart in my opinion. Why waste all that money on people that believe they are their opposite gender.
Becz of transgender needs that will not HELP our military and would cost taxpayers millions! The military is not a social experiment!
He is our worst president.
Did it ever occur to you that it might not be a good idea to have people with DSM classification and high suicide rates in the ARMED forces?
The military, is NOT a social experiment...tax payers should NOT have to pay for gender reassignment surgery.
They said the same thing about integrating blacks. In fact, trans men and women are already in the military--as many as 6K in RAND study.
Who the fuck is "they"
liberal college asked for a segregated all black graduation @POTUS didn't do that, you did

"All change is not growth, as all movement is not forward" -- Ellen Glasgow
@TheGOPNews, Harris thanks for the stat. Trump is a danger to our country. For 9 minutes today we had the fear of nuke war. Trump was ready
This guy is too dangerous to be President
plain and simple, 45 is a horses ass, and anyone who supports him probably is also.
either that or just so power/money fixated, that right and wrong doesn't matter.
#TheRightisWrong 
#TheResistance  #Indivisible
The purpose of the military is to break things & kill the enemy!
To bad you can the change the out side of a person.having no female ovarian eggs or birth canal.to you a woman.the truth is she is'nt
YOU LYING POLITICAL HACK! TELL THE TRUTH WE TAX PAYERS ARE NOT PAYING FOR THEIR SURGERY OR THERAPY THAT BARRIE SHOVED DOWN AMERICAS THROAT!
Disgraceful @realDonaldTrump
The military leaders left at great disadvantage are surely going to choose country over idiocy
45 has someone lining up these dates. I wonder who?
Trump: what liberal policy was begun on this day?

Person with history book: policy X

Trump: ok. Then repeal that, like whatever X is.
Kamala if you do it get behind this then you are a socialist for sure, you will lose your next election American Vetrans will not allow this
You would be wrong meet @Vets_Vs_Trump they have been following his lies and tweet the truth. Say hello #VetsAgainstTrump
You are dam right Kamala dam right for once in your life you are right and we American real Americans completely support Trump on this
And only a real American uneducated person would respond like that. If you are a US Citizen you are a real American.
Really thats how it works a citizen is a real American they don't have a responsibility to the country that protects them & gives  freedom
Wrong! today he made the ban after all of you try to make the Military the next entitlement program. Want a free surgery? Sign up oh please!
Gatita why don't you sign up and serve? I don't care who is on the line defending this country. If they can serve then let them.
These people don't even know what they are from day to day. It's time for common sense. Sorry Kamela America spoke and rejected you bigots.
I really thought we were so much better than this.  It hurts to realize I was wrong.
Me too however, some responses show us how wrong we were. It makes me really sad.
You mean who they aren't.
To all of the past and present transgender members of the military, "THANK YOU!". We have your backs.
Skin color and race is not a choice based on who I think I am.
If you're able to pass the militaries tests to prove you're worthy of serving then what does it matter what you are?
I'm so tired of going backwards. We'll never progress at this rate.
Did he actually announce this? I saw the Joint Chief Chair had said that a tweet isn't an announcement of policy.
Military is no place for the confused. Costly and not safe. Military is for the defense and protection of our country. Not a 9to5 +benefits
Have you seen the list of common issues that can block military service other than gender dysphoria?
They lost that right when they chose to change! God made Adam to be Adam and Eve to be Eve!
If you follow the obvious path or agenda, reducing women's roles in the military is next. Followed by prohibiting Muslims and path to
Citizenship recruits.  Next,  defacto separation of races in the military.
That because je would have to come out of his closet and daughters panies fucking rapo
Scurrilous.
Truman had to do that as the Progressive bastard, and Democrat, Woodrow Wilson resegregrated the military. Not a good talking point, eh?
and the arguments against desegregation were almost identical to Trumps bs.

@realDonaldTrump is Undoing Every bit of Progress that GREAT People BLED & DIED For during the last 50 yrs! Has no Idea what REAL LEADER IS!
mmmmmm no. Not even close to tge right comparison. Good effort though
@carlyinNJ                     I BLOCKED BILL THAT THEY TRIED TO  PASS.  WHAT HAPPENED?
Things That Make You Go Hmmm...
No he announced he will ban them because of thier disruption of the Military's Mission.  Demanding Nonessential Surgery has consequences.
A very Sad day Indeed
You can be President, seriously.
His tweet and decison has multiple layers ,one is that he didn't have to honor the day as it should have been honored and remembered .
When klan members take over the government. @jeffsessions also stated gays not protected by civil rights bill. Which group comes next?
Blacks? Women? They already went after immigrants ...
One word for Trump, Shame.
If it's really about 8M$, & @POTUS is concerned about saving money, then @realDonaldTrump could use Camp David instead of Mar-A-Lago.
Trans people have always been in, will still be in Military. Just made military discipline impossible. Don't Ask Don't Tell was disaster too
@SenKamalaHarris in the UK we have no problem...http://www.army.mod.uk/join/38473.aspx 
Black soldiers World War 2 received Medal of Honor.   Other black soldiers were lynched
If you want to know if something is bigoted just insert the words Black People. If it makes you cringe then it's bigoted.
It's a disgrace and discrimination, blatant
Where were you on this during 7 of Obama's 8 years? Furthermore, not a matter of desegregation. Shallow sentiment.
I see lots of Lawsuits
The military should never be a social experiment.  They are there to defend America.
Desegregation implies "race". Transgender is NOT a race. Sad when this congresswoman is confused.
Kamala in 2020.
president Eisenhower deserves credit for operationalizing the order and insisting the military support the requirements of democracy
He needs to do America a favor and never wake up.
Oh the irony.
God bless those that believe in freedom fore all..hey terrorists..can y'all...chill...please inshallah to that.....ohwee
#GOPDONTGIVEAF0CK #WannabDickTraitor #RUSSIANMADEWH #SCRUPLES4RUBLES Already behaving like Putin, still no @GOP action to LIMIT his power!?
Historians will have jobs for ages trying to figure out what possessed people, after a sordid campaign, to vote for this guy. He's gross.
Please, Senator, don’t give him ideas. Who knows what the generals & military experts he claims to consult say about resegregating the army.
Who will be next? Gays? Muslims? This must stop! Save Our Republic Save Our Constitution!
I am so tired of that wanking Clown as well as the facilitating bunch of mostly men Repugs and some spineless Dems.
Your career has hit its pinnacle. Enjoy!
And we thought Trump had no sense of history. We better all be careful, Women's Equality Day is coming up in August.
Like you give a shit about the Military... stick to what you know... Like Old Willies Willie and Pandering to get votes
Fight 4 those transgendered men and women in the military who are affected by this ugly & bigoted policy of this lunatic old man in the WH.
So many negative remarks. Here is a good article 
http://www.theblaze.com/news/2017/05/08/new-scientific-report-challenges-the-liberal-progressive-transgender-narrative/amp/ …
Sad ass day for Americans...his impeachment can't come soon enough 
Truman desegregated to include men and women. Not men who think they're women and vice versa. Facts.
So how about you actually start pursuing the 25th Amendment or some other solution? He must be removed from office immediately.
I see discrimination law suits coming
KH, promise us, when u r POTUS u will have trump prosecuted for crimes against humanity?
need to agree with Trump here but def could've been handled differently! Say the gov won't pay but don't ban entirely. Don't support him tho

He basically told the children of America, based on who you are you can't be what you want to be in this country. That is not our America
#ImpeachTrumpNow
He was throwing some red meat to the southern conservatives who were backing sessions he was feeling the heat from those Senators.
Because the buck stops with him, or whomever he can blame it on, like Obama or Hillary.
HOW SAD. Truman had guts. He once drove into the Middle of a kkk rally, and THREATENED THEM. They could have killed him: he scared them.
Yes ma'am! A
Irony
Can we ban him because of who he is? #TransRightsAreHumanRights
Today we who have served this country were delt a serious set back  2B received as equal in the military.
I weep 4 my trans sisters and brothers, this is truly a dark day 4 us and all Americans as the Tyrant of DC guts the land l
truly love and give my life 4 without question.
They can't turn back the clocks, time stops for no one.
They'll keep trying but progress WILL win out. History shows this is true and I have to believe it.
Such a sad day for our country. Too many under this awful WH!
And then We will bite back

Has Bannon's hand all over it. I promise he knows what day it is.
So Trump is all segregation now segregation forever!
And the manbaby did it to distract from Russia and healthcare. https://www.redbubble.com/people/thelittlelord/works/23038119-toddler-in-chief?grid_pos=1&p=sticker&rbs=225b6b8d-46a8-445a-a889-e6e4a72e7672&ref=products_grid …
Go away.
How far backward do we have to go?
Wait till he finds out Eric is bi.
And may I add you will Always have my vite!
you need to be the new face of @TheDemocrats. You are fresh, smart, charismatic, intelligent, have a heart. Work it @DNC, 2020 is near
that is sad
T is trying to distract from Russia investigation by picking on our trans military personnel. Shame on him.
Why so surprise? He said he was going to do it! Can't repeal ObamaCare and replace it. Can't build wall, he's a failure. He's HATED and it's
A Gigantic Step Backwards: Trump Bans Transsexuals from the Military on the Anniversary of Truman's… https://padresteve.com/2017/07/26/21031/ … via @padresteve
I am a straight women I believe if anyone will stick their neck out for our country it shouldn't make any difference in gender chose
Trans have NEVER, until obama been allowed in military, because mentally ill people with the suicide rate of trans have no place in military
His daddy #Vlad approves. That's what motivates him. But we stay focused on #TrumpRussia. Nice diversion, but we have civil rights #jackass
#Maddow OMG I had no idea! #Thug45 is total scum!
Actually, it's who they SAY they are.
Trump is running out of people to persecute We can't have a president who wakes up in the morning & makes proclamations like a medieval king
Even worse, dictator Trump issued an edict and used twitter to do it.

Fuck your military. https://twitter.com/AuntieImperial/status/890351893951635456 … Cc: "military widow" @BeckyJohnson222

NO BAN, NO WALL!
Ya know Trump & Sessions could just as easily say that minorities can't serve as well
And then we have Tronald Dump who just put his stamp on history forever,& he can't ever be known for doing smart things as potus!

On this day 45 segregated the military, are rainbow color drones next
@val_demings @SMurphyCongress @orlandomayor @slcmayor RT stand with our Transgender Community.

This decision coming from a man who dodged the draft 4 times.
Trump is doing the right thing for us all an democrats don't respect him
Ironic
That's a BIG thing that makes this even more disgusting!!! That WASN'T a coincidence!
Truman rolling over in his grave, trump rolling over for his base.   What a fing hypocrite
Truman also propped up fascist regimes all over the world and rigged elections in Italy  not a good look
There is NO equivalence between race and sexual perversion. NONE. Just STOP.
Race is significantly different then a mental disorder.
@POTUS #MakingAmericaHateAgain!
On this day in 1948, Truman desegregated  the military. 
Today, the Tyrumpt desecrated the military because his hemorrhoids flared up.
I wonder if this administration is aware of that? #ProtectTransTroops
Amazing! I know if I could turn back time I would kill Hitler. I would not divide our nation. @realadolfhitler
This is psycho Bannon at work with these specific days.
A great man and a moron what have we become
So wrong to do this.
#HeAlwaysTellsUs
#TransRightsAreHumanRights
#InsanityOfDonsVanity
Speaks to please but does the opposite with ease!
He'll come for YOU too!
It's like he's timing these things ... yikes
45 is irony impaired. Russia, Russia Russia.

BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH
Makinggreat again one act rooted in bigotry at a time!
What happened to free country wtf everyone should be allowed to defend their country
How ironic an what about the LGB still in service they are fed employees too
Make up your damn minds....
This is part of Trump's chaotic disruption policy.Everyone will talk abt this 4 a week,while he destroys our country.Impeach di Russian Pres
So if you want a sex change join the military, they'll pay for your surgery and recovery while soldiers go to battle! Yep sounds fair.
We are moving backwards instead of forward why is this happening , because no one has the balls to stand up to him he thinks hes unstopable
He will ban people who WANT TO SERVE THIS country, who willingly risk their lives--talk about weakening us in every way.
Curious, when a transgender enlist, does he identify as men,women, or transgender?
'Muslim ban' was on Holocaust Remembrance Day. There's some despicable trolling going on. So Bannon.
Stick to destroying California and stay out of military matters
Trump is trash.

Lol. What a dope.
If you need special treatment go live in mommy's basement.
Good point 
On this day Kamala helped Trump distract people from the healthcare issue by biting on Trump's tweet hook, line & sinker. Like Trump planned
This was/is not coincidental. I stand front and center with my #trans #Military personnel. Salute.

#resist
He's attempting to change the topic from Russia with shock tactics. Not gonna fool anyone. In Mueller We Trust!
This #Scumbag has got to go! In Jesus Name, Amen Amen Amen...
I don't hate anyone, but this #WannaBPrez is just an insult 2 the Country.
Charles oh how i wish i could agree with you i never new hate but i really hate him i have a big heart i never say such things but i mean it
Change before or after your career. Not during. What's the problem? Sensitivity training and politically correct BS is no place for military
So glad I voted for you, Senator Harris!
Hopefully you ll fix it in 2020
Isn't that illegal??
So surprised he was able 2 tweet one coment after another. He must hv had Scaramucci do it 4 him.Typically, he rambles. either way, pathetic
