We must mobilize all available federal resources to aid in recovery efforts and bring relief to our fellow Americans.
But the fact that Puerto Rico IS the United States is a fact that seems to be escaping the President and 46% of Americans.
The used us, experimented on us, destroyed our land and now this.
The supplies are there sitting in containers in YOUR port. They need truck drivers to pick it up. 
That's correct there are not enough drivers many are stuck in the homes and we need more trucks
Helicopters can transport things also. DJT need to get a clue. Somethings should be AUTOMATICALLY DONE doing disaster. NO evaluation needed!
I've seen helic pass by nothing has been dropped.they can drive to many of the city's now,ppl inland need supplies dropped or they will die
They could be scouting, seeing what roads are open, which ones are not.  Are you in any immediate danger?
Yes they are doing that. I'm safe but no gas, just 1 galón of drinking water left. And of course no power, bateries etc. Water is priority
Do Americans know that when citizens from US are called 2serve & die for our country, Puerto Rican citizens from the island join them? #SOS
After 9/11 thousand more joined the military my ex husband included.hefought in Irak and Somalia
We thank him for his service. 
Thank you, he did it proudly... we maybe Puertorricans in a small island but we are proud Americans too. He now works at the VA Hospital.
Agree! Puerto Ricans serve our great nation, the United States of America, with a sense of Duty&Love I hope ur loved1s Rsafe #HurricaneMaria
Thankfully they are, thank u for asking.
@pamcho3  DISAGREE NONE NONE NONE CONSIDER THEMSELVES AMERICANS.
That is completely false. A lot of the pop in P.R. consider themselves American.
BUT I WON'T KILL MYSELF HELPING ANYBODY DOESN'T CARE ABOUT USA EVEN IF I WAS BORN IN CUBA.
@Vanessa1971 so margarita says no boriquas consider themselves to be American. What do you have to say about this?
On 9/11 American had a terrorist atrack that ment we were hit as well,thousands thousands of Puertorricans my ex husband included joined
As a Senator you should remove the barriers that prevent a quick response.  Today you allow people to suffer so you can complain tomorrow.
Why was the administration not prepared to render immediate help- The hurricane was tracked for days
That is what’s happening. Do something Senator.
Seems so obvious, yet ... DJT is President so ... 
It will be difficult to get that "island" of non-voting, non-white, people inside the Great Wall of TrumpLand.  So, he doesn't care.
Many of them have family who do vote
Yes, there are 5mil + voting Puerto Rican voter in the continental US that will express their dislike for him.
Thank you
Thank you, Kamala Harris.
Yes it should.  You need to send in either troops or volunteers to make certain supplies get distributed.  To many bad stories coming out
People are dying and the Trump administration refuses to waive the #JonesAct.  This is despicable.  Is there anything the Senate can do?
Lies. Jones Act was lifted as were other restrictions. Facts are your enemy obviously.
Shouldn't but it is bc the residents of Puerto Rico can't vote for President, which means Trump gets nothing from them so he ignores them.
@SenKamalaHarris We scream THIS ISN'T NORMAL
Tho politics will always be cruel, #45 brings cruelty to a level only dictatorlands experienced
Places fallen to dictatorship/autocracy look at US & their hope diminishes. If it can happen in "democracy America" then no one is safe.
How is he still the president? Damn Republicans.

Lucky you aren’t in a disaster area being ignored by #FakePresident !
How much did you give Kamala? Send some of that money you got from Willie
Do they pay taxes? Yes indeed help but not like a state
Have not seen whole thing yet so i really cant comment. On things like that i thought he would be good at but dam his mouth and fingers
G.d. not sure were ill be but i bet its not 35% lol
Alright think i may be for it as far as my business goes from what i just saw. I do draw a paycheck so not exactly how i like for that pal.
Btw its most def not 35%
Yet this admin has clearly treated southern Texas/Houston and Florida better than Puerto Rico and the USVI. @realDonaldTrump is wrong again!
His excuse is because they are in the middle of the ocean and it's a big ocean. Someone probably had to tell him that Puerto Rico is U.S.
YES! Texas & Florida happened first but common sense is knowing that PR was going to need help. Look through your damn see thru border wall.
Check your history before you ask me a dumb ass question. 2016 19 floods in the U.S., several wildfires, Hurricane Matthew, Blizzards. WTFU!
Reading these comments makes me sick. Educate urselves b4 spewing nonsense. The food, water & medicine r there; truckers didn’t pick up!
Unless your trying to help and a stupid official is refusing help  in order to further her career
The west coast burned for 2 months. Fed aid was denied. Trump treats Puerto Rico like a blue state. #Cronyism
Takes time hard to get their, its working. Their are their CNN fake news
They don't have red necks in PR
No freaking kidding! #ShameOnTrump He is more concerned about his Golf Course Resort in #PuertoRicoRelief He has already made $900.000K
But it is!  And they need help now. Mayor called #MayDayPuertoRico
Yup!!!
PETA has chartered plane & on way 2help PR animals and thank God for that. But U have to wonder don't u whyPR has no help water food diesel
Except it is an island in a very big ocean…no way to drive there…
What do you expect from #FakePresident #DOTUS?
You do know there are containers full of supplies waiting in the harbor? No one is picking them up. 
Seriously,  Should these Americans be appealing to Japan, the UK, Canada for help? Why can't we help our fellow Americans?
The problem is any aid, due to archaic Jones Act which only serves to enrich maritime industry, would require all supplies come to FL.1
I'm in PR a lady from the states told me it was suspended for the crisis yesterday I think. We need water, gas this is HORRIBLE
It was only suspended this morning. This is not acceptable. Sorry for what r going thru.
Thank u for informing me the situation.there are no D Bateries for radios. And thank you for ur support 
But everyone is putting the focus on who stands or not for the National Anthem.
But it is
What about US VIRGIN Islands haven't heard a thing about them no pics no nothing
Don't forget the Virgin Islands!
Only when u r dealing with a racist administration. We r dealing with a racist bigot administration! No help right away bc they r Hispanics!

Dah
One would think that should go without saying, right? Wrong. It's Shameful.
It appears that @realDonaldTrump thought otherwise 4 at least 5 days...and now he claims he's doing "Great"...as #PuertoRico suffers
Exactly!
Some American citizens are more equal than others. Lots of electorals in Florida and Texas.
It's not.
The logistics are completely different.  The Puerto Rican governor said they've done everything he's asked.  It's an island.  Much harder.
Not at all. There are truckloads of supplies on the ground there but no ground transportation. That's a local issue.  It's a false narrative
I disagree with the narrative and you know no better than I.  Wouldn't bother me if we cut bait, like we did with the Philippines.
Strange how we can use drones in wars to kill ppl but not in Puerto Rico to save ppl in PR who need food, water, medicine, etc!
What do you expect from a Republican party that's in a coup and are complacent with the white supremacist in the White House?
What would happen if a disaster like this one hit Hawaii? Same slow response? 
Unfortunately, Puerto Rico doesn't have the oil reserves that Houston has.
Please Senator,tell President to deploy military helicopters to distribute medicine food & water where FEMA knows it's needed!It's not hard!
Puerto Rico didn't vote @realDonaldTrump in Nov & is occupied by brown people - explains the slow response to me - they're being punished
No, anywhere in the WORLD.
You already know he has no intention on helping those people!
like decades of homelessness, poverty or social security that doesnt even cover rent? arent those just as much a humanitarian disaster?
Oh but @Secy_State_US  is there for @exxonmobil not hurricanes? His FOX FAKE NEWS hawker is deflecting whose responsible!
Except its an island 2000 nautical miles from the US.
They are the true forgotten Americans.  Puerto Rico
The people of Puerto Rico are Americans that are bring abused & mistreated by Trump. Donald Trump is a racist & must be removed from office
I agree
Unfortunately the current  president of the USA dose not know that Puerto Rico is part of the USA, Some one should give him a history leson!
Unfortunately it is.  Like Flint Michigan.
America no longer has moral high ground in anything in the world - can't lecture NKorea, Iran, China, Myanmar, or even Zimbabwe. Big bully.
Should be, unless the Administration wants ethnic cleansing through neglect to happen.
I'm afraid it may be, from Trumps POV.
Kamala, Trump is a moron he does not understand that!
That, and he's never cared for earthtone shades of any kind
Respectfully, Please don't forget the US Virgin Islands as well! That situation is similar to PR and they were hit by IRMA directly FIRST!
Feel so bad for them seem TRUMP don't care he might have to go hand out a apple   or a banana  
Thank you senator Harris. Your support means so much!
Or the rest of the world
Puerto Ricans are being ignored & left to fend for themselves... just like the ppl of New Orleans, after Katrina.
Typical GOP Disaster Plan
Unfortunately Puerto Rico's infrastructure is less than any other place in the US and can't be treated the same.
Yes
S/b crises
PR, an unincorporated territory, voted 93% to join US statehood. tRump is opposed to it of course, he is being  bully not responding crisdes
But....the ocean...the big ocean :(
Historical. It's all about the Benjamins. Look up Crowley Shipper.
 
#FollowTheMoney
Oh wait, the mayor of Puerto Rico begs to differ with you! He spoke totally the opposite. Guess what Kammy, he's there & youre not!
Senador.  Bella   my. Love  y te podría. Decir. TantAs. Cosas   bpnitAs   pero.
The fact that PR is mainly hispanic does nothing to endear them to GOP!
I agree! Sadly @POTUS just focuses on states which have electoral college votes and which he won. PR has none, so irrelevant to Trump.
Yes but .. sadly, our #FakePresident is a #Racist
I agree...but why is Flint still not 'fixed'
IF we had a POTUS with a moral compass. Sad.
Well they are....... Poorly!
President Obama would have already sent plenty of help with more help on the way. They mean nothing to trump. @realDonaldTrump
Seems like common sense. Unfortunately, this is Trump's America ... for now.
And it isn't. We are sending resources there. Why are you always creating divisions where none exist?
You mean people like you who do nothing but turn everything into a political issue while accomplishing nothing?
You mean not rely on federal government and let local authorities handle it?
I blame the voters, and the Russians for this not yet ready for prime time President
Looks like we are doing just that. Fed govt & politicians wringing their hands for days about costs while people suffer and die. #Flint
Trump's negligence of Puerto Rico will cost lives. If this isn't an impeachable offense, I don't know what is.
Everything he ( sounds better IT) does is impeachable . I will impeach IT just for to be alive!
Except that we can't send in trucks with relief supplies. Being island makes it inherently different.
We should make them a full-fledged state. Give them a few electoral votes and they'd get more attention.
Yes, but it's in a big ocean somewhere, and POTUS HAS NO CLUE WHERE IT IS! Or eve of its part of the USA
though, unfortunately, at this time - that is not saying much.....
most americans do not realize the people of pr are us citizens just like from texas, florida
trump does treat it differently; PR can't cast votes in the Presidential General Election. What's in it for him?
trump thinks PR is populated by Mexicans who he considers "illegals". He hates Mexico. I don't think he's still convinced that PR is USA.
Well, obviously Trump and Crew don't believe that.
Isn't this dereliction of duty by @POTUS with re prejudicial treatment of PR yet another impeachable offense?

"What in the hell are they doing?" - General Russel Honorè reacts to the delay in aid for Puerto Rico 
#Satire
your point being?  It was only a matter of time before you jumped on the bandwagon, chastising, criticizing FEMA and POTUS. U partisan hack!
or anywhere else in the world.

I Agree With You ! They Need Our Help ! Donald Trump Was Worry About Football Protest! Not Worrying About People Needs Help !
Pitbull is using his personal jet to help cancer patients in PR get to chemotherapy PR needs help and we should be there helping.
Thanks for saying what needs to be said. Puerto Rico is in a time critical position. A healthy adult body can go 3 days w/out potable water.
Dereliction of Duty by POTUS has cost many lives, in the REAL WORLD!  Prosecute him!
Except its a island
Wtfu 45 its not bout wht u wnt its bout wht's rite & wht's rite is sendn aid directly to the hands of d'ppl of PR. Dn't leave it, delivr it
What are you doing to ensure citizens of Puerto Rico are represented in Congress moving forward? Band-Aids won't fix that.


In the post of the mayor of the capital of PR crying he randomly made a comment about Mexico $ wall
Puerto Rico is like that long lost cousin that ends up in the hospital that family ask you to take up an offering for.
True, but they're literally DYING for help!
Let's not forget the U.S. Virgin Islands - St. Croix, St. John, St. Thomas - also devastated by Hurricanes Irma & Maria.
agree. I have not heard from family in aguada since storm hit. VERY SCARED
Best of luck to you and to family!
I'm sure our state of California would get the same treatment. It's all about personal vendettas.
EXACTLY. Trump is treating PR like he treats ANY poor brown people in US. At least he's consistent.
Why do you lie @SenKamalaHarris.  You know the supplies and help are already there but can't be distributed because infrastructure is gone
It isn't being treated any different.  Logistics and infrastructure are the problem
Heartless, cruel @gop #Trump admin charging Puerto Ricans full flight prices https://www.rawstory.com/2017/09/trump-admin-charging-puerto-ricans-full-flight-prices/#.Wc0fbd_19S8.twitter … while Tom Price takes private jets
Trump is an unnatural disaster
Agreed, need massive military presence to move tge debris, set up basic infrastructure. More economical and stucture exists in military .
And it would be more rapid than any other deployment.
Help Kamala! We need help! @SenKamalaHarris What we need is help with the electric service so gasoline can no longer b a huge issue.
We have patients that are dying bcause we have no platelets. In the Ashford hospital in San Juan theres a patient that will die without them
The Govt doesnt has the necessary drivers for all trucks of food and medicine to be distribuited. Send military personnel that can help with
Should be???? Really?
A natural disaster anywhere should be treated no different than a natural disaster anywhere.
One would certainly think - however this is the GOP we're dealing with here.
God Bless the people I work for FEMA that's the most difficult I ever seen may God bless them
That’s the theory, not the reality.
Does Puerto Rico have many rich, white, voters?  Asking for a friend...
Stop blaming the President. He got the goods there and evidently someone in PR didn’t coordinate on the ground.
Why is Congress not acting? Send help. President too busy insulting people.
Isn’t this disaster being handled much the same way that New Orleans was handled 12 years ago?
Trump should be arrested for crimes against humanity.
I agree. But P.R. is NOT "in the United States". It's a commonwealth who's residents are citizens of the United States.
Tell the democrats they vote against funding victums of hurricanes
Agreed! But the POTUS seems hell bent on crappy politics than showing leadership! So when do you take over! I want to see a  real leader
We are forgotten by US government #puertoricostrong #unitedforpuertorico
Breaking my heart 
Why do we have to shame this president into doing the right thing?  Every. damn. time?!?
#PuertoRicoReliefNOW
Senator Harris. Bravo! for U. Independent report. Why has our Gov't so under performed so far?

A natural disaster in Puerto Rico should be treated no differently than a natural disaster anywhere else in the United States.
ONE. WOULD. THINK. 
It just took out ignorant president and WH staff to figure out PR is America.
the republicans do Kamala...Katrina, Sandy & now P.R...a consistent record of NOT DOING A DAMN THING
Except that it's an island. You can't drive a convoy of trucks and equipment to PR. So yes, it will b treated differently.
Only in America
Jones Act just WAIVED! Jones Act Waived for Puerto Rico, Easing Aid Shipments
Geography, weather conditions and sea conditions making this more difficult. No communications makes it hard to assess needs
Sen Harry, ur trying to make this a Political Failure for POTUS ADMIN. It won't work! IN RESPONSE TO ALL DISASTERS FEMA FED & STATES ARE #1
Not sure if you've been paying attention, but vast quantities of supplies ARE there or close by, problem is TRANSPORTING this across island.
Servicing islands is not like servicing Houston area or S Florida, and to think islands will be quick recovery is foolish.
During disasters - Katrina n Bush and now Trump ( Irma, Harvey, Maria) no tax breaks 4 the Rich. (2)
The PR voting citizens are going 2b taking the lack of action 2 the booths in 2018, this is 4sure - Republicans r bad at taking action (1)
Maybe if they were just a little whiter we’d give them a hand
Mexicans came to Texans’ aid
WHILE #DonnieDementia was mumbling something about “the wall" being “see thru" o_O so U.S. could monitor “drugs being thrown over the wall."
u & alanis said it, “ironic” 
Like all citizens might be equal -can someone get Trump some sesame street reruns, he needs 400 episodes to get the whole "community" thing
We all know why though, huh? POS racist president.  Big big ocean, my ass!
I was actually pretty impressed with our responses to TX and FL.  What's up with us and PR?  Ouch. can you say Katrina?
With a caring President, that is correct.  This one doesn't like people that speak Spanish, so he doesn't care about them.
#RepealTheJonesAct
I agree... I also wonder how come there has been absolutely no talk or concern given to the Virgin Islands... also US territories. 
But it is! Millions of Americans are being treated as though they belong to a enemy nation. Wtf!
Call Ken Calvert CA 42 will do nothing 4 constituents Maybe he will listen to my senator thank you
Amen!
Donald Trump should be impeached over this . Enough is enough ! How much more blatant racism are we going to endure ?
@USCG has stepped up to assist Eagles Wings Pathfinders Taskforce flights to help homebound in #PuertoRico http://bit.ly/2y7hior 
But those ppl are brown and don't vote.Why would white supremacists @realDonaldTrump care? R there ratings involved?Are they taking a knee?
#PuertoRico 
What's happening is disgusting inhumane and bordering on genocide
In fact we should pay more attention to Puerto Rico, because they don't have the same economic benefits as a full State.
only prob i see is a racist potus that thinks all hispanics are mexican to him.
Congress must act, make PR a state, and unleash the money and manpower to get them through this.
And shame on the #POTUS for not coming on board immediately to help instead he's tweeting nonsense about the #kneeling in football. 
Some are more equal ...
and the president shouldn't be racist ...
Correct. Because it is in the United States.
Yup-our people-our concern
FEMA has already been sent there!  We helped the govt with 72 BILLION last year as an emergency bailout! WHAT MORE do taxpayers have to do?
AND it should never become a state.
They are American citizens. We have sent more money to Afghanistan
Isn't it sad that this needs to be stated? Trump's reaction to Puerto Rico just another disgrace. No benefit to him, no action.
Yeah, don't bother mentioning #USVI

US citizens! 2 hurricanes & waiting THREE weeks!

#USVirginIslands #StJohn #StThomas #StCroix
Please work to get that shipping waiver Senator, people are dying. "Shipping companies not happy" include McConnell's wives fam biz
Thank you, absolutely. What is happening there is heartbreaking. :(
Exactly..
