Excellent trolling @SenKamalaHarris. California supports you. 
California may support her, but alas, the rest of America does not
Washingtonian here, and I support her. Not even my senator.

You realize a large portion of that red doesn't have anyone living in it, right?
I live in one of those places you would say no one lives in, and SHOCKER, were tired of liberal bullshit. Enter Trump
Republicans weren't invited to the pre ACA meetings so I would keep rats like Kamala Harris out of the loop.
Are you putting effort into changing our country besides buying another flag for your pickup?
I hear your welfare check will get a bump this year, lucky you!
You don't give a shit about what happens to your health care.  Definitely a deplorable.
I don't get welfare, I work twenty hours a week and go to school full time.
You might be better off learning a trade rather than wasting your time and money at school.
Well I disagree, if you want to pay for me to learn some trade, i'm all for it. I'll also define what a trade is 1/2
So I define it as film, i'm going to need a 20,000 dollar camera and a private lesson with Guillermo Del Toro. How's that for a trade? 2/2
Would love to be your +1
I'm sure the republican and independents are still looking for theirs on Obama are too.
Libel and forgery are illegal
Brilliant with touch of salt... Love it!
All these secret meetings and no repercussions just a lot of talk
Why don't all Dems just show up. This is a democracy. Get tougher. Get mean. Get very very angry. Don't take no for answer. PLEASE!!!!!!
When I first read this, I thought you said "just grow up"...I am glad I read it again before responding the way I was going to ;)
Sister you are #fierce! Keep fighting for us!
Thank you for being such a strong force! You give me inspiration during these difficult times!
If she felt strong and empowered she would carry herself so. Someone who fears letting ppl answer questions she asks them as she keeps
Yeah it is sad that old Republican men are afraid and intimidated by an intelligent women... sad
@nikola1tesla you crash that party  Senator!  Save some seats for the rest of us!
I watched Mitch McConnell today say that there were many public meetings which the democrats were invited to & yet, this is a blatant lie.
@SenStabenow woot!
Hurt their wallets.  GOP love their money more than God. Best way to hurt them is by taking their money.

Piss and vinegar as we say in the south. 
Oh, Senator Harris I have a grown ass, married woman crush on you #fighton #resist
You are the wind beneath my wings. Bwhahahahah #AHCA
Keep Democrats away from everything and all will be well.
Boss amounts of shade! Kamala is on thank you #resist

A bunch of old white men with cold hearts are bristling that a smart black women stands up to them. I love it!
it actually says "secret"! Wow!
Is that not illegal  to hold secret meerings
Grown. Woman. Shade. 
Good for you Kamala. Show them they can't keep a good woman down. They try. Keep going.
obama care was railroaded through or did you forget
Answer:  eat healthy and veggie!  Keep yourselves from ever needing our vile American 'healthcare'.
California Senator Harris!!!!
"If you want to know what's in the plan you have to pass it"-Pelosi
GiKamala!
Keep fighting for us, Senator! We are proud to have you represent us.
You are awesome.
Love it! You go girl!
As a two time cancer survivor I desperately need this bill to fail. I didn't battle twice in my life not to be able to get coverage
Where my RSVP ?
count the money they got from the Russian to protect Trump. I think they call it a bribe.
It was so secret, the GOP even forgot where the meeting were. So they just cancel them and use the time to
YOU GO, GIRL
You're amazing. <3
The Mitch McConnell : Tax Cuts by Killing Americans Bill

Or the "2017 GOP KILL BILL"
Try and hear the comments and answers before you keep rambling. Seek to understand, then to be understood
You have my support from Canada Senator Harris!
I have great respect for you!
Can I RSVP my presidential vote for 2020?
You are so polite, Sen. Too bad there are not more in DC with manners.
True, however The Hill takes politeness for weakness, because they don't understand the concept and will SHIT on you
Sje was being passive-agtessive. I was being sarcastic. And I LOVE her tolling!
You would have to stand there under the notice get SOME considerationand you may get NONE still
That's cute and all but what is actually being done to stop this atrocity?
Doesn't matter...can't can't attend if they don't want it...already shown a disrespect for America...they care less about some sign...
YESSS! Ninja moves!
Keep your sense of humor. Keep holding their feet to the fire.
You are so freaking amazing!  Keep it up!  I love how you get under their geriatric skin!!!
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris for standing up for all of us, I don't even live in CA.
They got lost in the mail from Russia.
No RSVP = obstruction, lol
Yes mam!
Where is the Democratic proposal to fix the problems with Obamacare? Offer an alternative.
That's why America  you.
Anyways????
Question:  Why couldn't the 50 Dem Senators just gang up, confront McConnell & demand to see the bill, & not leave him alone until gives in?
Is that for real? THAT's how the invite was published? You've GOT to be kidding me? I'm beyond appalled. No. Words. 
Kamala, I am so encouraged and inspired by you!
Harris staffers who write her tweets - you're getting better, this is almost funny. But you really need to up your game before 2020.
@MarkRuffalo ##kamala you rock#so happy you are fighting for us# Mahalo
Ty Sen. Harris mad respect n o yes I am literally lol brilliant 
Can you explain WHY the @GOP has been ABLE 2 "Get Away" with this? WHERE are our #CheckAndBalances? WHY hasn't the #SupremeCourt Stepped in?
Glad someone's looking out for the American people especially when some of us aren't looking out for ourselves.

Thank to our heroine
Kamala of House Harris, 1st of Her Name, The Unburnt, Queen of Hearings, Breaker of Sessions & Lying Men, #Resistance leader in the Senate
Dream on!
Love your sense of humor fellow Californian!
@StolenSceptre A sit in by the D's outside the chamber the R's meet in would send a HUGE message. Let @joy reid know
they are going to bring back blind homeless lepers begging on the street.That's the future they are building.
Just beautiful. Go get 'me, Sen. Harris.
@MarkRuffalo Wow, are those for real? Repubs need to grow up and get out of the boys' clubhouse. Asshats.
 u Senator! Keep up the pressure!!
Please Represent!!!!
You go girl!!! Love the sass 
She persisted AND she RSVP'd!!
Less stunts, more shutdowns.
You were not invited due to white privilege.
thank you...you are one of the few people who keep me from despair these days.
This is great.
I love your strength! You exude confidence, command of topic - you kick butt. Its a joy watching you in action. We need more of your spine.
Love you lady!
Should have been titled the Dirty Bakers Dozen Secret Trumpcare Meeting.
There you go. Keep these for posterity
I am so glad you are my senator!
WAY TO GO #SenKamalaHarris Keep Up The Good Work!
Are the doors to the conference room where they are meeting locked? Can you do a Chisholm folding chair sit-in?
Join the party!! Its going to be good!! Ask many questions as you can
Support Shout Out from Virginia Senator!!!!! LET PLAY BALL!!!!
that's right young lady, tell them you need a seat at the table. they have no excuse of saying you never informed them of your attendance
LOL - that's awesome!! 
President Kamala Harris
That is so wrong
There throwing pee pee partys behind closed doors
Indiana supporter here. 
Thank you for your persistence and your verve. #resist #NoAHCA
Delightfully clever! Kudos to whoever thought that up. Can we come, too? There's about 60M of us who would like to RSVP....
Well played. It's quite incredible.
Keep fighting!!!
Ha, that's awesome! 
Who wants to bet if the GOP actually does get their pathetic healthcare  through that they delay implementation until AFTER 2018 elections?
Won't help them at all in 2020...bigger picture..no matter whose left to run since everyone is lawyering up
Run for president - we need a president who will prosecute our enemies to the best interests of our nation. You have the brass to do it.
Lol!!  Love this!  
Didn't know that the lives of many are treated like playground games by Republicans.
You should put out an Amber Alert
This is awesome. To bad it's a sign of oppression to American citizens. Plz. help our democracy. Biden/Harris 2020
I smiled. You need to have staffers trolling these senators that are meeting. Go wherever they go. I am messy like that.
I am proud of you. You are a true force of nature! Keep fighting the good fight!
And who read Obamacare prior to passage. You are nothing but loser CA liberal
I'm in Ma and I wanna check if your really a woman cuz you got balls lady!Thanks!
keep at it!
Are they really actually calling it Trumpcare now???
This is fantastic! !
omg I think you are awesome but it's anyway not anyways!!! You are smarter than that!! Go get em lol
Haha! I love you Kamala!
You forgot to add: Schumer excluded the Democrats months ago. But now whine about not being included? You need to but that on the RSVP.
So clever.
LOL! Your Bio & your followers tell it all. Father Time takes care of all problems.

Keep being their worst nightmare, Senator!
Can you offer an amendment to completely replace the text of the bill with medicare for all?
Y r they being secretive like aren't we going to see it, being sneaky is lying
Thank you for looking out for us Senator Harris! Keep up the good work! 
Thanks Kamala!
Oh my God, love, love, love you!  Priceless.  Now send it to MSM and let America see it!
Lmao!!!
I SERIOUSLY LOVE YOU SENATOR!
Perfect!!
unbelievable jackasses
SMH.  I tell you we are living in a messy time.
Good job, party crasher Harris!!!
WTF!? ARE THEY IN,LIKE,SECOND GRADE? "COME TO THE SECRET MEETING IN OUR TREEHOUSE".. BOYS ONLY WITHA THE SECRET PASSWORD
If innocent people's lives werent at stake I would say just let it go because honestly this is going to hit 45's base the most..
So sad that this is where we are at.
You are too funny 
TY for not giving up. I on the other hand am teetering on the fence after another election let down. I don't trust the voting machines.
#unhackthevote
Keep kicking as and standing strong, we thank you @KamalaHarris This has become incredibly scary, our institutions are being destroyed.
I heard Mitch McConnell saying that Democrats weren't interested. What a liar
Like the invites to Obamacare
Good for @SenStabenow for being on the RSVP board, too. :-) Nice work, Senators!

I seriously do not understand why the actions of this administration are acceptable.  #disgusted#I want my world back#it was good
You are the best! That is the best response to this corrupt travesty, ever. @AnnaJussme @Goss30Goss
Love this Love@SenKamalaHarris 
@nwdem Millions in country know Kamala is nothing but a hateful partisan hack.
HERE'S ONE FOR YOU DUMMY!!!!! Now #BEATIT
I WILL ATTEND!! #SECRETDEATHCAREMEETINGS  #RUSPUBLICANSANTIAMERICANS
ACTIVE FLORIDA VOTER I SUPPORT HER #IWILLATTENDSECRETHEALTHCAREMEETINGS
Actually, slick move by GOP. After the fact invites. Shows their exclusion mindset. Unconscionable! #ShowUsTheBill #ResistGOPCare #SaveACA
"Anyway" is an adverb, and therefore impossible to be plural. Drop the "s".
@nwdem Where were those invites to those that opposed Obamacare? Obama passed it at midnight and only cared about dems.
Obama invites Republicans to summit on health care
February 8, 2010
Love it! You hit them with truth and suddenly....crickets
YES!!  This, this is a great visual.  Along with of course the actions you are taking on the Senate Floor and in other ways.  Keep it up!
Didn't the head demorat say they don't want repeal and replace? Only want Obummercare. So you got your wish and were left out of the process
#GOP #Trump republican #healthcare bill #AHCA will be passed quickly in middle of night to hide kicking millions off @SteveKnight25 @CNN
really,  highschool crap. . come one now,  you're better than this
I think @SenKamalaHarris needs to RSVP her own Personal ATTY RSVP meeting
??
Research events of last 10 days. She's being charged with offenses.
Can you provide a source?
You get that proof yet? 
@LalaLiberty2 - was tweeted to you at 4:47. I just verified it on my feed. But you, my friend, have just been blocked.
I care. Have a blessed evening!
We should all know!
This is so sad!
Wicked!
Republicans lost ethics and transparency as well as their manners.
What!? You mean @POTUS is lying? I am shocked, shocked I tell you.

Kinda helps having a "nonpartisan" press denounce R secrecy on this after yawning over Obamacare secrecy,doesn't it? https://twitter.com/senkamalaharris/status/877540375082258433 …
Just demand #MedicareForAll, Kamala. Oh, you won't?
Why would they include the dems? Look what they did with obama care. Repubs are in power so they can do what they want like the dems did.
Atta'citizen!
Sadly you've been driven to passive-aggressive gestures by their lack of transparency. Secrets from the public are the new norm! #opengovt!
I'm from Missouri and I support her!
Love it!
They actually use a bulletin board?! No wonder Trump wants to update computer systems.... #MAGA
Didn't you hear, pass it if you want to see what's in it. Then we will hold session on a weekend and pass it... oh wait that was obamacare

#RUSSIAFLFUNDS #MOBTIES #BAYROCK #FELEXSTATER #TRUMPIMPEACHMENT: Obstruction, Dereliction of duty, Money Laundering. Trump will go to jail. 
I'm from Tennessee and I support her - she is the BEST!   You are just afraid of her!
