And, if you're arrested, you will be beaten, guilty or not.
And WEED IS LEGAL IN OREGON
Yup
I was jailed because a con artist fooled the police into thinking my house was his. When it was resolved, I was released w/o an apology.
But, the whole system is a panoptic agent of the government. It has been designed to conscript, expropriate and lynch us at the state's will
To a degree, yes. Our system is fails because our economy is based on debt. Until that is fixed all systems will fail, no matter the ideal.
One cannot fix the system because system follows the feature of imposed order. You need a #catallaxy, which follows the spontaneous order.
I agree. But you cannot tear it down in one giant swoop and be done with it either. It is a neverending process of rise and fall: continuous
Yes, Rome wasn't build in a day. The system should be pauperised through nonpolitical means or through agorism method. Obviously, anarchy!
Eliminating the debt based economy would be the worst.. people would rather switch to basic income (even more debt!) Than even consider it.
The tragedy of our civilization is that many people have habituated themselves with mental slavery. To free them is indeed a herculean task
For years I have watched two parallel paths unfolding, which will win in the end depends on whether the people can reach critical mass..
I got a cure that, don't commit the crime in the first place then you don't have to worry about it
And your suggestions are? I read your article but did not find any. It is easy to point problems but difficult to bring solutions
For the record- not against CJ reform. Let's not make it sound like every criminal is innocent because that is hardly the case
It's a well known fact that POC and the poor are treated as guilty until proven innocent in our legal system.
90% convinced to a plea "deal" .... it's legalized slavery in most cases. Non-violent drug offenders, groundwork laid w/ reefer madness
Yup!
Pretty sure sessions won't be the one to help out with this situation.
Of course he won't. He only cares about putting as many people in jail as possible so his friends in for-profit prisons can get rich.
His in-laws, actually. A conflict that would once have ruled him out, well that & that he's a flagrant racist. But not in these insane times
What did the US do to deserve this insanity?
Went to sleep & bought the "don't like either candidate" bullshit.  And American white males hate powerful women. It's true, they do.
Oh I know. I live with one who does.
Sorry
It's ok I deal.
People accused of crimes are people too and they have rights just like everyone else.
State Atty in my state will leave indigents in jail until the eve of the speedy trial clause, 5+ months, then give plea deal 4 time served
It's basically a form of jailing people who can't afford bail with no civil rights. 5+ months also often > than min sentencing guidelines.
Damn. Shit like this cannot be allowed to happen.
It happens every day. It is arbitrary & ruins lives. You get arrested, bail set at $500. You are working class poor, paycheck to paycheck.
You don't have $500? You sit in jail. You don't make it to work next week, lose your job...& so it goes & goes.
The same things happens to poor parents who can't make 1 or 2 support payments. They loose everything also and sit in jail. Fight for that!
And does absolutely nothing to help child or parent. What a sick, fucked up system.
Right I never understood how it's constitutional to jail someone who is presumed innocent.
Biggest criminals r white collar crime starting w/the trumps & Kushner's running the country~no divesting & enriching everyday using the WH
Here in Houston a mentally ill rape victim was kept in jail as a "flight risk".  The idiot district atty lost her job over that shit!
Watching "orange is the new black" shows how being poor and black can mean going to jail for, essentially, nothing. Recidivism inevitable.
You may stay out of jail if your name is @stevenmnuchin1 and @KamalaHarris "decides" not to prosecute you...
Maybe we should use an alternate form of currency?
Don't commit a crime No need to worry about bail. U find injustice in everyone &everything, people need to be accountable for their actions
Tell that to this victim ,
Sad , and still trying to get a peep from the press ,
Agree
That makes no sense...no crime or charged n not yet able 2 be adjudicated....n held on flimsy evidence...
What are the proposed solutions? What is that county in Texas doing? Is it working? 60% is astonishing, but what are viable alternatives??
Yes! Judges and lawyers are complicit for notches to move up in rank and fill jails. How's mostly Bl&Br filling?
Please check with @JohnArnoldFndtn. They might be already helping these types of cases.
Yup,  that happened to me, 90 days locked up.
This country has gone to the prison system for profit. That's why innocent are jailed. Medical for prohibited too. Sick.
@TheRevAl on @PoliticsNation discussed this on today's show. Good work @SenKamalaHarris and @RandPaul
We need to fix our kids not winning because the family courts wants to get kick backs and the mother picks Child Support over her children.
It is a money-making industry  jailing of young people w/No bail  charges r astronomical for phone calls,emails,toiletries.  TU
If u didn't commit a crime you wouldn't need bail..simple. they lost their rights when they committed the crime.
That's an ignorant statement. Not everybody arrested has committed a crime. It would do you well to be informed. http://www.nbcnewyork.com/news/local/Pedro-Hernandez-Bronx-Teenager-Rikers-Island-Bail-I-Team-Investigation-New-York-436963183.html …

You need to fix a lot more than that. You already sold out to the #CorporateRats my dear. #DNC is not #FDRdemocracy & neither are u. Wtfu
Such an amazingly broken system. An overhaul is long overdue.
And you can stay out of jail indefinitely if you have money and are not coloured. Gotta fn fix that too
In the Philippines, you just get killed by the police. @hrw @UNHumanRights @senatePH @SCPh_PIO
Absolutely.
New Jersey got rid of cash bail. http://www.npr.org/sections/money/2017/07/12/536905881/episode-783-new-jersey-bails-out … But I wonder what @mathbabedotorg would say about the algo.
I WILL SET ALL AMERICANS FREE...  ON DAY FOUR ----

#44THMICDROP: Finish, through my will be done. What about your legacy? You can't erase history my administration and I made! "Next" Trump! 
Criminals get work release and pay. Parents who missed support payments just sit in jail until they loose everything and kid suffer.
Senator Harris. You and Rand Pauls agenda is so far from protecting your communities it's sickening to read these support post of this! Wow
Ex. Poor Rapist breaks in your daughters http://room.Bond  at 200.Gets out rapes and kills other daughter.100 grand bond saved ur kid
Thank you and Dr. Rand for pushing against Sessions bigotry.
Example. Robber kills bank clerk. Bond set at 500 dollars.Gets out and kills 1o more clerks. Now bond set 100 grand it saved 10 clerks lifes
Example. Child rapist is poor no money. Bond set at 100 bucks cheap. Gets out and rapes 10 more kids,now,bond set at 100 grand.Saves 10 kids
I went to bail a friend out. $1,000 cash bond. I had to do $500 twice and was charged a massive fee. If memory is correct it was $250.
It's ridiculous. And if they're innocent? Poof, money gone or you're stuck in jail
The commissary system is ridiculous as well as the charges at the ATM in jails. They are ripping people off. Vulnerable people.
Where is yalls sympathy for poor parents who missed a child support payment cause of no job or bad luck.O yall label them as deadbeats. Wtf
Wrong.  Your in jail because you were arrested and cops, DA charged you. If false charges then reform Judiciary, cops and DA rules. Not bail
We think that a person's ability to make bail is directly proportional to the amount of friends and family they can contact.
Yes and private prisons are a new investment return[but for whom?]people are jailed in Louisiana at alarming rates for traffic tickets&fines
Cost of poor man everything he's got to make bail while the rich man signs a paper and walks away. This is called Justice or bulshit U-Pick
@SenKamalaHarris for President. You have my vote
I just saw the movie "13" again today. It really explains the progression of the abuse of African-Americans and for profit prisons.
The bigger crisis is lack of funding for public defenders. Even if they can make bail, charges hang over their heads for years. Fix that!
Do you think African Americans descendants of slaves deserve reparations?
Check out Washington DC Pretrial System
Bail is set to ensure you make your next court appearance. If you have a history of missing court, or are a flight risk, bail is set.
Kamala, you are an inspiration. Please run in 2020.
Wait, how would someone be in jail if they didn't commit a crime? I think that might be the real problem. Let's educate law enforcement.
Lock up your libraries if you like; but there is no gate, no lock, no bolt that you can set upon the freedom of my mind.
U stay in jail bcoz u r a person of COLOR! CALL IT WHAT IT IS THE PRESIDENT DOES!!
Sen. Harris - NYS has a well organized Pre-trial release system, check with NYS DCJS for more info.
yep known your on to something ...this has been going on ...its a shame ...
And, while in jail, you can catch additional charges for things like defending yourself from assailants.
Bail reform is unconstitutional and already the subject of (3) class action suits.
I agree with @SenKamalaHarris about keeping people in jail indefinitely b/c they can't afford bail. Some are in for yrs reform is needed
CCA is offering some very attractive rates for Bullish investors...
not FDIC, but the KKK will vouch for them
This is one if the many reasons you are a top contender for 2020!
Thank you Kamala...to many victims!! xoxo
Hey and if you got a lot of money in some places they'll let you turn yourself in the next day !No money in America you're ass out ! #Suffer
BS!  I call BS on that. So sad to see you in such a position of power and have no practical idea about what's really going on.
If you've got money chances are you'll never see a jail cell, with money your lawyer & bond guy will get to the jail B4 you do
Great! Let everyone out who claims poor!
True that ! In some states you have to pay to go to jail,You're given a bill upon departure,don't pay lose your drivers license-go back jail
Absolutely. *Wealth* justice at its worst.
I saw you and @RandPaul working on the bipartisan bill this is wonderful
it's true and ridiculous even for a traffic offense like speed if you can't pay ticket overnite u stay
Couldn't agree more! Not to mention that most prisoners are in because systems (i.e. education, foster, healthcare) failed them in the past!
Bail, when no crime was committed. Unacceptable. 

#JusticeLeague #LadyJustice #FreePress #Resistance #impeachTrumpnow
To fix that you must remove the prison-for-profit system + the debtor's prisons, racial profiling work camps & abuse/murder pits it created.
Another fact-sometime ppl don't even know what their bail is-ppl find out after 5 months, loss of job/home the bails was minimal. Disgusting
Best of luck with Sessions and Trump in WH. LET'S try harder 2 rid ourselves of Trump. Restore what Obama had in place.
I love u next president,Kamala.u are a rock star
Bruised and battered, too
Can't tell you how often I encounter this injustice. As a social worker working with inmates- it's disheartening but we still try
When your only crime is being poor you shouldn't have to pay for it with your freedom.
What can we do to change this ? Are you sponsoring a bill ?
Oh I've got that story about my son.
I know that feeling too! I felt powerless to help. He sat for days until a judge dropped everything & they arrested the actually offender
I actually just did a paper on that very subject.  There are many things that we can do to make the justice system run better and more fair.
This blogs well, w/ Melissande on G.O.T. looka like Kap #7's daughter's head on your bod.  Grey Worm looka Barry O concept w/Vin Diesel.  Aw
A separate justice system for the wealthy and corporate criminals never do time, the shareholders & workers pay the fines & settlements.
Thank you for saying that Senator Harris. Yes that needs to be fixed..soon.
If you have no friends or family willing to help, maybe you SHOULD be law--abiding. Just a thought...
If bad luck, a mistake, or a deliberate act gets you in "the system" your life is very likely ruined no matter the final outcome.  Fix that.
The police dispense justice along a scale of property values.
And watch your head on the way into the squad car - innocent or guilty.
THANK YOU @SenKamalaHarris! Courts are also starting to question/condemn financial bail.
And DISPROPORTIONATELY people of color. Strangely coincides with rise of private bail industry and their PAC. 22 yr public defender
Daily, on average, more than half those in local jail are presumed innocent but too poor to post bail, per 2016 bureau justice stats.
Thanks so much for all of your hard work and fresh ideas!! 
#resist the #WorstPresidentEver and his evil minion #Sessions
Kamal for 2020! A Criminal in Every Home!  Kamal is not only soft on crime, she loves convicts.
8th amend.of U S Con. prohibits gvmt from imposing excess. bail & fines..all r excess. if u can't make, as deprived of liberty w/out due pro
Government has no risk in criminal prosecutions & an incentive to keep the mechanisms of 'justice' fully utilized. Has become the new IRS.
U.S. has larger prison pop. than rest of civilized world combined. Land of the free**.
It should be based on dangerousness.  People on EMS have killed people.
Mentally ill people are also being jailed instead of treated.
Even if they are guilty, there's very little effort to help them get their lives back on track & keep from being repeat offenders.
Our whole criminal justice system is a disgrace. It's all about filling up the for-profit prisons.
@EarthPlannr @USATODAY Love to hear the best of Darrow alive and well.
This issue , Plea deals, mandatory minimums, silly renewed "war on drugs", coupled with privatized prisons, keep ruining lives and saving 0
Yes!!! @ArchCityDefense has done a lot of work in MO! Check them out. And help them!
Please fix it! Being poor should NOT b a crime. #Compassion #Justice #StopRacism
Thank you for working to fix this issue, Senator!
Don't forget "Roughed-Up"
And civil forfeiture. That has to change!
U may have all your assets stolen by the government even if u didn't commit a crime - and there r no charges - but YOU support that!!!!
So, what's your proposed solution Sen Harris - let everyone out without bail? That would be stupid.
how?
So this applies to any crimes one is accused of? From felonies to misdemeanors?

.@realDonaldTrump's solution is more police brutality so more people die in custody.
Justice system has changed a lot over the past 2years..county facilities R considered county prisons now..get educated
Anyone can post bail..unless there's a parole hold..no more parole it's county supervision..state probation  Obama thx
Santa Clara county in CA has reformed its bail system w/ great success & will soon be the model for the entire state https://www.sccgov.org/sites/ceo/Documents/bail-release-work-group.pdf …
@USATODAYhealth @USATODAYmoney @USATODAY Until SOMEONE removes #Unfounding, any version of debt can come to you, along with other problems
Individual rights continue to demenish as you work hard at making life better! More tactics! Now Scareemoff is truly doing his part in it!

Just like Hillary, DNC pick Kamala Chameleon will say anything to get elected*. 
*All promises null and void if actually elected. 
We never really got rid of debtors' prisons.
Khalief Browder was a prime example. We should've learned from that young man's experience...
@happyloner Better. Less sloganeering, more honesty. Truth to power.
It's not going to happen sessions started taking property from people again which way do you think it's going
That' needs fixing
I see it all the time@ my job. Homeless, poor, ppl with ment illness, stay in jail until court date. Others post bail.
Rand Paul is like McCain. some times he sucks big time. then he surprises you. most of the time they both suck though
Thank you for ignoring all the crap out there and addressing a real issue.
This also forces innocents to take a plea deal, but you know that already
There is no justice in that.
What if you did commit a crime though, and the bail is extremely low? 
In 2013, I spent 24 days, innocent, in jail. If I had pled guilty, I would have served only 15 days, then been set free. Charges were drpd.
Public defenders have incentive to get their poor clients to sign plea agrmt even if innocent. Many do not know their rights.
Public defenders, usually paid a salary, do not have any incentive to work for their clients including going to trial.
Why don't Trump supporters see that he's ok with playing Russian roulette with their health & well-being?!! Does a true leader do that?!!
@SenKamalaHarris, this is so true I'm dealing with criminal charges as I type this that I'm totally innocent of!!
No more private for profit prisons would probably do the trick.  $$ is the biggest obstacle for reform.
This is unconstitutional! It should be prohibited in every jurisdiction!
How about #dontBreakTheLaw ?
You were big on keeping pre trial ppl in jail when you were the CA state attorney general, so why the change of stance?
Private prisons need full house to be profitable. We need to fix that too. PD getting $$ for arrest quotas? We need to fix that too. Thx
And it'll be tough- until we can do something about private prisons. When $ are the primary concern, rehab isn't.
If they are innocent why do they have to pay bail? Shouldn't they just open the doors and apologize to them . 
Thank you.
How are you not the President!
#KamalaHarris2020 
Yes! 
Can disparate impact not be used to change this unfair system?
Welcome to modern-day slavery the New World Order make America racist once again
Very true
Enlightenment....personified!!
We need serious reform. You have the creds to lead Senator. The Nation needs you.
Eighth Amendment provides no excessive bail... What is excessiveness measured from? Subjective as ability of the bailee or objective?
that.......
@npr has a story about how New Jersey use algorithms to assess bail or release with out  bail. NJ saw reduction of 40% on remands with bail
This gives a whole new meaning to innocent until proven guilty.
meanwhile our clown in chief is supporting police brutality and assuming guilt for all arrested
from now on, every time a federal officer is sued for using excessive force under 42 USC 1983, this trump video will be in the complaint. https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/891009024510091264 …
and get them better stress free living.....hmmm, all the people are being threatened about their health this overrides all
How about when your caseworker tells you to report your earnings after she goes to the other workforce location- then vacation for a week,-
Then "only seeing backlog clients" for a week,  then reports your late reporting as fraud.
Good reason her drunk one night stand with her baby daddy didn't marry the bitch.
that I made the discovery, because it is a "first place" type victory, the money from it is enough to buy my parents house
of life is real .., I.m feeling out if im supposed to put it out flat in front of everyone??? And will Twitter confirm
Ambiguous? Check out amendment 8. But probably dont know what that is. This must guide you. Arbitrary fixed amounts are excessive.
Many in St Louis jail w/o A/C could not make bail. They were being cooked alive. Now A/C provided, but they're still there.
You do know the air conditioner is 115 years old and jailing people has existed for centuries.
kamala your a black woman....guess what's about to happen, the healthcare is big constantly, the fountain of youth/water
CA b sure to watch at the 18-27min mark...
Bigger problem: bail companies having ppl sign their lives away to get them out on charges that are dropped, this debt ruins lives
Vote your #criminal party home/prison/

 institution they are all nut cases and we

 need ppl to work 4america not complain

 4america
Thank you for pushing, Senator Harris. We need you in DC.
#SayHerName #SandraBland a black woman who was murdered in a jail cell in Waller County, Texas #PoliceBrutality
What happened to: the accused shall enjoy the right to a speedy and public trial?
Yup. It's not really equal justice for all yet. People with money can make bail.
Make it easier for felons to be returned two communities that suffer so
The majority affected unnecessarily are charged with misdemeanors.
@SenWarren @SenMarkey Please cosponsor S.1593
If you didn't commit a crime why would you be in jail in the first place
While California AG, you had your lawyers argue against releasing inmates because they were needed for free prison labor.
So much of of justice system is wrong....absloutely Un-American..
This is the painful truth that hit home for me.
Kick rocks....she will do just what she pleases.
This bill should be named "Kalief's Law" after Kalief Browder.
Right on!
