Hurting NYS public hospitals too.
Maybe they should pay 4 their healthcare like the rest of us do! Tired of paying 4 people who just take & never bring nothing 2 the table!
Seems like you DDDs got him elected, he's HERE, you failed to focus in 2016, so NOW, you fail to focus!  How's your office molly-party?
Hey Kam better take care of those knees if you want to get any further in politics.
Why cause 1 in 3 welfare recipients reside in California? Tired of my tax $ being dispersed to non working slackers! Pandering again r we?
Did you happen to see Blue Cross asked for a 35% increase in CA.  And that's under Obamacare.  Splain that Lucy
The left swears & calls Trump names then complains because they are not getting their own way.
Your blaming Trump for Obama's failed healthcare plan that was failing way before Trump took office. YOUR LYING!!
How much did your healthcare go up under OBamacare? Mine went up a hell of a lot.
"Attempting to sabotage?"..90% cut in ad $$. Taking http://Healthcare.gov  down for
maintenance during enrollment period..."Attempting?"
Clown and chief is just a sad person who do not care about the little person at all.
Kamala - It is time for #SinglePayer in California
TRUMP IS A SOCIOPATH(PSYCHOPATH) ,NEED TO BE IMPEACHED ASAP!
Well sure, kill off the blue state, the really, really, really blue state
Sanctuary State take care of your own. However you can check on your illegal immigrants insurance. #MAGNA LOVE OUR POTUS
The affordable care act fell apart on its own,wish he’d stop paying the bailout, poor and politicians wouldn’t have insurance.
I noticed you don't use the term Americans much... Just state the geographical "area" CA.  Dems hurt California "legal citizens".
STOP BREAKING THE LAW!!
He is hellbent on destroying Obama’s legacy
CA doesn't need Trump's help. It hurts its own citizens.
@potus @realDonaldTrump #MakeThemCry #Covfefe

PLEASE SECEDE, California..... please.  Do it now.  Do it soon... have your own healthcare for all.
No!!! The not so affordable care act not paying doctors has doctors dropping out!!! Get your facts straight! McCain wait 4 months like us!
Obviously a person using the Affordable Care Act... NOT! 
Maybe they should have read it first?
We know....
Well here is a wild fucking concept for ya... introduce legislation to fix it... nope. Dems are scared cuz they know it sucks.
By passing ACA you hurt Americans then and right now
Dump Trump!

He can't kill what has died some time ago.
Kamy u going to get CNN to make u a t-shirt too?   Your state is in deep and it's getting worse fast.  ACA will just be another dem failure
Take that 31 billion a yr spent on illegal aliens and provide insurance for American citizens. Next
And all of us in the other states and District of Columbia too!
Way to hook the low information voters.
Then do something besides talking that's all you've all have done just talk and talk we didn't elect you to talk we elected you to ACT !!!
WHY???????????????????
Attempting? Isn't he actually sabotaging the ACA?
Yes! He'll turn healthcare over 2 the states & CA wants single payer!Medicare pays low rates 2 healthcare prof & 3x admin work costs to Docs
Whoever is attempting to sabotage ACA is a F'n Moron. ..
Um No
Californians are hurting themselves by voting for Democrats.
ACA will oulast trump. He is merely a bump in the road. Keep the pedal to the metal....
Wrong, Obama already did
Covered CA pushed us from $800/mo w/$2500 deductible to $1648/mo w/$13k deductible for lousy bronze plan.  Who can afford actual healthcare?
His reckleness will bankrupt people. #TrumpIsAMoron
If he breal the law then file charges against him
the ACA is a scam and Obozo is the one that screwedeveryone over.
like who? the low level losers you coddle and continue to keep down! that's the only way you keep your poor base!
Health Net canceling my excellent policy, that pays for treatment for  Stage IV cancer.  Afraid to see what replacement will be.
Progressive Liberals believe they need to Keep the poor people poor. Give them everything do not let them earn it. else we will loose them.
Go to hell trump with your buddies from the NRA!!! Stop guns do your work Congress stop gun violence
Guess who is still your president XD
Yes because sabotaging people's healthcare is right up there with telling Puerto Rico they are blowing the budget. Trump doesn't care.
We are a blue state. He really could care less especially about us.
Anthem leaving kern county will lose my healthcare Jan 1
Can we sue? I've got several friends being affected. 
And Floridans!
Kampala Harris & all liberal democratic politicians who refuse to admit Obama Care is collapsing are sabotaging health care for all.
So do something about it, Senator.
I’ve been kick off of my healthcare plan!
And the rest of the country. #TrumpIsAMoron
Maybe California should stop sending money to the Federal Government.
He is an asshole!!! 
POTUS doesn’t have to sabotage it. It’s collapsing in its own.  In all 50 states, not just CA.
A.k.a. Edward littlehands I'm sure will use those federal dollars on something that will help Americans..(golf, plane ride 4 friends etc)
Yea. I saw my potential new premiums now that my company (anthem) pulled out of the exchange.
And trying to kill it all together..
POTUS is FUBAR
•••---•••
Go Mueller Go
•••---•••
Impeach Impeach Impeach
•••---•••
And Marylanders. All of us!
The whole thing is a mess.  It needs to be redone with a bipartisan effort.  But I don't think the 2 sides are willing
#ACA doomed and structured to #FAIL!
You are such a phony with bad people billions go to illegals WTF
Wait isn't he pro life? Healthcare saves lives
lol, someone forgot to tell this moron that presidenting is hard,

Congress men/women have THEIR COVERAGE, Right?
It’s California that’s hurting the rest of us.
Sucede already.
Evil
#Obamacare sabotaged itself.  It was an unaffordable pipe dream passed by Dems with the intent to force single payer on the citizens.
He is hurting America now. GOP has no backbone and needs to impeach him.
Boohoo boohoo
Trump hurting California? Not surprising. And it bothers him not a bit. After all he is the worst POTUS in history.
Exactly what President Way-In-Over-HIs-Head needs. Sheep who need worst POTUS in history to do their thinking for them.
Fund #CHIP NOW
All of us!
As a self-employed person, I just got my notice from Anthem that my premium went up 51% because of R's destabilizing the marketplace.
I think there's more to it then that.  That's why it was a bad law.  Unfortunately, I don't think the R's have anything better.
Why are not charges being filed against Trump sabotage of ACA, for breaking his constitutional oath to faithfully carry out US laws?
Wow is that not the pot calling black We the real people of California ask the same, of you
HUH...that's like sabotaging dying leaves in the fall.
Truth is he doesn't give a damn about people and if his followers can't see this they are idiots and will get hurt the worst in the end.
He's hurting so many states! My co is going out bc of ACA uncertainty!
So, ACA is the Dem attempt to sabotage U.S. health care system, but turnabout is not fair play?
Ripping off the band aide hurts, but it’s necessary to treat the wound . . .
And not holding up the law or protecting the constitution
Trump didn't win California. That's why.
King Midas- ruins everything he touches.

Let's get Moron Don trending!  #MoronDon https://twitter.com/NBCNews/status/915600953264496640 …
California has been hurting for years. Really
Without the "A"CA the health care insurance market would be more stable and more people would have insurance they can use.
ACA doesn't need any help from Trump to fail. It's failing all on its own! The DEMs all voted for it not one Republican did. Let it blow up!
I would imagine there it's hurting everyone that expanded Medicare and was seeing okay things from ACA
Yes @SenKamalaHarris, @CSPAN U.S House of Representatives
The whole admin is hurting the whole country. Stop messing around and fix ACA. It’s not that hard. It’s not perfect but it is repairable.
Time for #HeathCare Reboot.
How can you sabotage a dud? YOU demorats own it.
Do you have any idea how defeated this news article sounds? How does Congress plan to stop this man? Your constituents are helpless.
Yes he is and jeopardizing jobs of people working to serve others
California is financially irresponsible.  No matter what the Federal Govt does you'll spend more than you can afford.
Get rid of Obamacare!! Keep the government OUT of my healthcare
OBAMACARE never worked and has been failing systematically for years! #puertoRico #sanJuan #lasVegas #maga #trump #LVPD
Kamala, isn't his attempt to sabotage, including closing the site for registering for ACA a violation of the law & his oath of office?
Probably, but I don't think the oath is legally binding. Either way, Republicans in Congress won't do shit about it.
The oath states he must preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution.... and the laws of the United States. So it's binding.
Without Congress threatening him with impeachment though...
The ACA has ruined a beautiful healthcare system that the rest of the world desired and for losers, takers and flakes.
Californians are lower on Trump's totem pole than Puerto Ricans
Purposely I'll add!
So, if you're genuine about #MedicareForAll, but it can't happen and the ACA will be sabotaged in CA, why not advocate for #SB562?
In the long term, passing #SB562 now is a good strategy for realizing #MedicareForAll come 2020.
It is not just California that is affected by this
Truly only scum like Trump would go that low to kill the ACA.
It's Hurting people in Michigan too! I am one of them!
Attempting? #TrumpisAMoron
Why is he allowed to sabotage the law of the Land Not paying Bills He's a Discrase and needs to be called out Period. US Supreme Court Ruled
You sound stupid
He will count on it
You are dead wrong California's government is hurting Californians. Stop spending money on illegals & spend it on your citizens.
Undocumented immigrants are a net source of revenue for the California state government, and for the US government.

Trump is deliberately sabotaging ACA, endangering the welfare of millions of people.

Stop perpetuating bigoted lies, and cut out the denialism.
He's never going to do anything good for anyone. It's just a fact.
So true.He makes very bad situations worse, & he should never,ever,go near something positive or good!He sucks the good air from everything.
He sucks, but ACA was hurting many long before trump was even the GOP nominee.
THAT WAS HIS GOAL. YOU GUYS WANTED TO REMAIN A SANCTUARY STATE. HE IS PUNISHING ANY STATES WHO WANTED THAT.
whats his excuse for destroying everything else?
What can be done to protect the ACA when Trump and his administration try to sabotage it?

