In 2017, 99 bills were introduced in 31 states to restrict access to voting. Let’s be clear - this fight is not yet over.
I am an American born citizen with no criminal record. how can my right to vote be restricted and not against the constitution??
When states make the rules, moving/closing poll, make people wait 14 hrs in line. Charge $60-100 for ids. Dropping without reason. & more.
I didn't experience any of that voting in VA. 4 the 2016 election. Shit would've hit the fan if I did. No wonder armed guards were there!
I live in Panama, come back to US to do business & vote. I was told I had to have a passport to vote. OK but how many people do.
I have a passport but it is not a prerequisite to vote. Sorry about our shitty country right now. The W.H. is having plumbing problems.
Required in some states. States all make their own rules. There are no national rules on voting.
Total nonsense, @SenKamalaHarris is the new Shillary Clinton,  @georgesoros new horse
nope shes a threat 2 American people because she's shilling to the donor class, everyone's sick of these establishment corporate shills
The threat to America is that orange man in office, his sidekick Bannon, AG Sessions & DT son in law Jared Kushner...

Ummm Russia bought & paid for his ass already... So correct, he's no longer for sale
as for Russia collusion scam, completely fake news, even the source @cnn s own Van Jones had to admit it #FakeNews  #FakenewsCNN
Their goal is to nullify the mid terms and have the WH appoint reps and senators. Bannon plan for becoming dictator. Why no outrage ?
CA, your state, has the WORST voter rolls in the country.  And you want to fight against cleaning them up.  WTF
When you're president you can make sure everyone's fundamental right to vote stays in place. #KamalaHarris2020
I actually prefer Elizabeth Warren in 2020 , But I would love to see Harris become Attorney General in her Administration...
Someone younger needs to be in office (IMO). I love Elizabeth, wish HRC would've selected her for VP running mate. But I'm hoping KH runs 
Voting is a fundamental right for legal American citizens and nobody else.
And this travesty is listed as an accomplishment by his supporters. Uneducated masses
Not for illegals if your an American citizen you should,have documents
Senator, requiring a person to prove who they are is asked/required in many things in life. Voting should be no different. #Fundementals
Would you be in favor of free IDs for everyone?  So that everyone, no matter what their ability to pay, could participate in the democracy?
Same poor that purchase booze, cigarettes and own flat screen TV's. Yeah, they can't afford a $15 ID. Keep trying.
Trumpets dont want everyone to vote
Have you ever considered applying for a passport and relocating to another country if you have so much hate for America? #JustAsking
No need to use foul language while debating. It hurts your creditability. We truly want civil debate to see why you have your efforts
For profit entities need business to increase profits. Certain situations should not be based on profits because those entities have vested
Interest in increasing business (prison business = prisoners). A vested interest easily creates a biased system to continue profit cycle.
It doesn't look for real rehabilitation where possible or inequity in sentencing. Arguably, health care falls into similar category.
Agree, mainly b/c prisons or jails have become more & more vacations then actual punishment for crime & lack of program want by inmates
This CANNOT be allowed to happen!!!
It must and it will
Don't ever be so sure.
Are states complying with turning over voter data? Im hoping CA is not. I think FL did. Can we stop our info. being sent to WH & Russia?
There goes 15mil voters for the democrats
Have a seat dear your ignorance is showing.
We are going to MAGA.  Border crossings down 80%, wall will be built, no more welfare for immigrants, and no more illegals voting
They should know. They're the ones attacking it.
only for dead people,
Local voter registration is imperative. My local Dem party is no where to be found. What can we do?
So verification of voters rolls for national elections is attacking voters?   Only if they had no business voting in the first place.
And the EC gives a disproportionate weight to rural states, without that unfair and unjust system, we wouldn't have the illegitimate coward
Harris-Kennedy 2020
The pubs vote on climate, since you handed them the WH and Congress, via ACA, in 2008.  THEY CAN DO IT, despite https://skepticalscience.com/ 
Let's Be Direct:  "Voter Fraud Bills" = GOP Voter Suppression Initiatives
Not just by Putin, either.
See the MERCERS daughters Rebecka @Heritage! They want da5a for their Renaissance data mining to buy elections w Mercer & Koch, Exxon!
Senator Harris can you explain what exactly in this EO you fear will undermine the integrity of the voting process?
https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/05/11/presidential-executive-order-establishment-presidential-advisory …
@mikefarb1 has been working diligently on this. Maybe you can touch base and bring it to the forefront, together gets more done(same issues)
and how much money did you accept from him during the last election cycle?
Address the attack on our fundamental right to vote during the Democratic Primaries or your words mean nothing to your progressive base.
And as long as there is money in politics that right will be limited by who can buy their way onto a ballot, and then the election
- - - So Trump's all Republican election commission is investigating American voters instead of Russian hackers - - -  The @GOP is Trump
Only people under attack are illegal voters like the ones that vote democrat even though they are dead
@townhallcom reported that many counties in CA have more that 100% of elgible voters registered. 144% in Los Angeles. You defend this FRAUD?
So true.
& the faster this commission can root out illegal voting the better.
Then, we can have confidence that our votes really count.
I'm so honored for your presence! Let's keep going forward
no it's not there so many fake voters in California since y'all give them a photo ID drivers license free
Most white women--------VOTED AGAINST Hillary Clinton

How in the hell you gonna blame Russia for her losing

Info http://s1.zetaboards.com/Express_Yourself/topic/8101766/1/#new …
No one's losing their rights
You want to fix our voting system? Then get rid of the Electoral College. Electors are the ones that are bought and paid for. #FACT
Please SAVE DEMOCRACY
Run for President, please.
Yep. It sure is.
Dead People should not be casting votes. Deadocrats
@MSNBC @CNN Sen Harris run for President 2020 and replace this incompetent President and administration before they destroy our country.
We MUST #RestoreTheVRA ! Democracy means ALL USA citizens vote! No more gerrymandering! Everyone MUST have opportunity 2 vote! #VoteBlue2018
Well, if we have to follow the commission, then the first person to be prosecuted should be Pence with his multiple votes.
7:00pm @ESPN @MLB Sunday Night Baseball ,@Dodgers LA vs @Mets New York ,Watching Now
Agree that all legal voters should able to vote.  But, should use I.D. cards or other  security to ensure honest election instead of fraud.
No, registered voters exceeding the residents is fraud  this out. Pls correct errors @CASOSvote @SenKamalaHarris
Our fundamental rights are always under attack. The first cost of freedom is vigilance.
The whole commission needs to be disbanded immediately.
No, not after this report.
Ahahahahahahhahahahahahahhahahah. lol you're actually using Breitbart to legitimize the fraudulent nature of the commission?
ABC carried at too.
Go get them Miss K
Illegals and dead people do not have a right to vote.
When Corrupt Donald asked 'what do you have to lose?' the answer is , the right to vote.
Like American democracy that the Republicans in Congress are not protecting but continue choosing party over people!
true, nothing has changed for the Repub's except they are in the white house
I registered in Ohiotovote in 1970 at 21.  Needed no ID.  Voted 38 years in Ohio, needed no ID.  Obsma ran in 2008,  needed an ID.  only 3
Reqired them before Obama ran.  Now the idiot SOS Husted is running for governor.  He who tried to suppress our vote and courts stopped him!
How about the right of voters to know that only those eligible to vote are voting. Deceased & illegal people shouldn't vote
Senator Harris we need help on this W coast too. A while back. Epidemic now
Only if the person is dead or an illegal.
In that case, I see why it's an issue for democrats.
CHANGE THAT @TheDemocrats
Trump is a Milliken/Thurmond Republican with Confederate and Authoritarian ideals-None but Wealthy White Males should have anything to say
How did there end up being more registered voters than residents in a number of CA counties? Did you ignore this?
Deceased people on voter roles is not proof of fraud, only that their families had more on their minds than removing them from the roles.
Or that with all the technology, it would automatically update? I mean credit reporting agencies note when someone dies. I.never heard that
You had to cancel your registration when you moved and registered at new address. I thought it was transferred. Many causes not fraudulent.
Thank you for leading, Kamala. We will beat back these horrid old Gollums and their ugly ways. Thank you for calling them out face-to-face!
The right to vote for those ineligible to vote... Yes, yes, it has.
Since the states have databases, does the federal government need one? Is this a states rights issue senator? Aside from being bogus?
As in the Feds attempt to collect data? I'm fortunate to be motor voter in NYS but they gave my info up
Yeah that Trump Election  Commission can commission itself off the closest bridge.
You have to fix that. For a free country you sure make it so hard to vote.
We have work to do!
Sure do.  This needs correction.
Kamala Americans want Americans voting only not outsiders or immigrants  trying to influence our liberties and our freedoms as Americans
What about the requirement by @TheDemocrats @DNC requiring voters to register as Democrats in New York by OCTOBER for MARCH primary?!
Have you seen TRUMP NATION ON U TUBE? iS IT WHY SECRET SER KICKED OUT OF TTower in NYC. iS IT PART OF "REPAIRS" TO WH?  SCAREY TO BONE
The reports are it's over lease dispute. I believe trump wanted to increase rent amount of secret service&all that rent goes to trump. 
That Trump TV is from Trump Tower.  SS was near Trump space. I'll bet that's where the feed is coming from now.
The trump "news" said it's from trump tower. I don't think it's related to secret service move but never can tell. SS still near trump tower
Why would a U.S. Senator spew such nonsense when her own state's voting system is so corrupt?
K. there's a lot of buzz around you.  are you interested in a run in 2020? not asking you to declare, but if NOT..you should tell people.
after this emotional loss. and destruction of what we value, good people are looking for a "person" to focus energy on (adversaries too) ...
if you are going to be that light... gird thy loins.... 
the far left is out to plow the way for their cult of personality demigod, bernie
#Bernie's a 'cult of personality' now?Truly hilarious..The guy's a policy driven nerd... Bernie's momentum is due to the merit of his ideas
bullshit.. it has disciples.. not supporters.
and its not "now" ive said this for the last 2 years... his adherents = puritopians. http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=Puritopian …
he's their demigod
Trump and republicans will do whatever they can to suppress voting numbers. Fight back and even more importantly, VOTE
Illegal immigrants don't have a right to vote & everyone should have ID. Folks have ID to drive & for welfare. Surely they can for voting
When Dems take the senator. This woman needs to become senate leader.
Perhaps you need a few lessons in Constitutional Law ,
Get a Pot of Coffee , you will need it ,
@JudiciaryDems ,,,
https://www.c-span.org/video/?431188-1/depth-krisanne-hall …
But who is doing the attacking?  Or, I should say, who does Trump's election comm think is doing the attacking?
@ManuelSillas54  Yes. Senator kamala harris. We need.to fight and defend the vote rights, from all the citizens. Constitutional rights
This is what trump really wants!
@ACLU agreed
#baehive #kamala2020
Everything gained in the last 60 years remains under attack today!

Trump's voter fraud commission is total BS! He and his cronies are just trying to rig the next election without Russian help!
Everything for the people according to trump is under attack . Everything for trump and his supporters is a free for all!
It's going to be: if you're Republican you can vote. If your democrat you can't . If you're white yes/ person of color / no
The gutting of the voting rights act had me worried years ago. Now I'm terrified.
The world banded together for 14 years (1966-80) to eradicate smallpox. Proof a concerted effort can save humanity. Next up ... the @GOP !
So, do you want to eradicate the GOP?  (I'm all in)  or just settle for getting rid of the worst offenders?
I'd like to say only the worst offenders but  that wouldn't really leave enough for a viable political party anyway ...
