Where was your tweet to find what was in the democrat's healthcare plan?
#Obamacare failure.
Who are you asking? Just do a search with the username of the person and the thing you want to find...
?
you can use Google. Also aca Bill text was available and was heavily debated and amended
No one read the #ACA aka #Obamacare.
Yes they did, republicans had it amended many times before they would pass it, know anything?
Read it now...get back to me.
So what did you think was great about the trumpcare?
"We have to pass the bill before you can find out what is in the bill" Nancy Peloci
Oh you mean the healthcare bill.  First of all pence was a governor and governors have nothing to do with passing law. McConnell is a
Senator and bills are created in congress so McConnell has nothing to do with it at this point. If congress passes it then it will go to the
Senate. As of now it is totally in the hands of Paul Ryan and he is the one stone walling. I think Ryan is a snake and he is doing the same
Thing peloci is doing. However I do find it interesting that liberals that was all behind peloci when she made that statement is crying
About it now. Kind of hypocritical don't you think. But don't worry, what Obama started with healthcare will never go away. It may change
From one administration to another but it will forever be government run. And as much as I hate that it will still and always be the best
Place in the world to get quality healthcare
You have to pass it so you can read it.  Pelosi set that precedent.

Uh huh!

@KamalaHarris brushes off Islamic women. https://twitter.com/DeAnn_1/status/878408302635479040 …
Yes, it will impact me and my family.
We are the boss, of course we have the right.
Go get them all Senator !
Yes
Who are paying their salaries? Are they working for the taxpayers, themselves, or lobbyists! We gave them the opportunity! We need loyalty!󾓦
Why? Didn’t YOUR friend, Nancy Pelosi, say U have to vote for it to see what’s in it? That’s why we’re in the mess we’re in now with O’Care.
Didnt get to see O care.
Just like Harry Reid
But I'm Canadian 
But how will you extol the virtues of your healthcare compared to ours!if you don't know how dismal ours is? See, we all need to know!
Ha, good point... ours isn't perfect... but I'll take it.
You wouldn't go bankrupt if a family member became seriously ill. That's the real scary part. Nothing about that is good for a society.
Hell, who knows: with this WEALTH-Care bill, we could go bankrupt just trying to <KEEP> insurance for such a serious illness's possibility —
Aye. And then those of us who took advantage of Obamacare to finally get a diagnosis, now have a preexisting condition on the record. So.
Oh yes, indeed... :( <3 And of course: I happen to be one of those... Although, I DID have health insurance PRE-ACA, though— well, I <also>—
took advantage of ACA, once I had a damned heart condition (NOT a heart attack, but— still pretty serious! :( ) AND a stroke during the —
The same 'everyone' that had a right to know what was in the ACA before Dems rammed it down everyone's throat?  That everyone??
How do you know I am a dem I am American dad & grandfathers are vets I have a right. Don't put me in a box. Can we respect each other or not
I respect you.  Wouldn't follow you if didn't.  Reply was to Kamala.
Remember when Pelosi said no one could know what was in Obamacare unless it was passed?  Paraphrasing, of course, but....
Extreme paraphrasing since that isn't what she meant.
I've already admitted I don't support the new healthcare bill & think it should be seen for review, but people like Pelosi are hypocritical
Someone in ur own party once said "you have to pass the bill to know what's in the bill." Remember that? What has changed now?
What does that matter? The principle still stands that the bill should be deliberated and assessed before it is passed.
Yes but tge Democrats lied abt it. U can keep ur plan. U can keep ur doctor. Costs will come down. No increase in debt.
But that's not what this is about. We are talking about current events, not still complaining about Obama policies.
Actually what we are talking about is a double standard.
Maybe you are, but most people are talking about the more pressing matter of the fate of healthcare in the US.
Healthcare is NOT a right. Gov't has no business  in it. I lost my job, healthcare & every penny I had b/c of Ocare. Was out of work 3 yrs.
Healthcare should be a right, as it is successfully in many countries. Regardless, that has no bearing on the current healthcare bill.
We have a right to know what's in ANY bill passed
Would have liked to have seen what was in Obamacare, the recent Omnibus budget, paperwork behind the FISA request, emails that Hillary had destroyed and the documents that have been subpoenaed by the Congress from DOJ and FBI
Im a RN for an insurance company our mbrs are really frightened Not a day goes by that I don't talk to someone who is living in fear
Or like Nancy said " we'll find out once it's passed " you were ok with that
This sounds like one big milkshake of grievance over Obama and him not getting in trouble for anything. This isn’t about Manafort to you.
Yup
Leave it to the Onion to show us.
Like Nancy "Botox" Pelosi said.."you have to pass it to find out what's in it".Turnabout is fair play. It's your turn to swallow hard. Enjoy
Like ACA?.....pass it in order to see what's in it? Your double standard is disgusting.
You haven't seen it?  That means you are just lying when you disparage it.  #partisan
Enough is enough on both sides.
we had a right to know what was in #Obamacare but we HAD TO PASS THE BILL TO FIND OUT WHAT'S IN IT
#hypocrisy
Heck, I'm Canadian and I want to know. Bet the plan involves snake handlers and a lot of chanting........
We didn't know what was in the Democrats' plan years ago: remember Pelosi's "we have to pass it to know what's in it" bullcrap?
Retweet if you:

Will bitch about it regardless of what it says
America deserves better than 13 white men locked in a room with our lives at stake. This is not about party! This is about policy!
We not only have a RIGHT to know, we have a DUTY as tax-paying, American citizens to know.
Like we did what was in ACA?
I'm paying for it. I believe the laws require them to tell us what our money is being spent on. Let's see it!
@fojowrisin999 but u didn't care when it was passed in the dead of night and no one was allowed to read it the first time?

Pelosi was wrong then and Republicans are wrong now.
So what is different now? Republicans screamed same thing but nobody cared then and see what it got us? Where was your outrage then?
So let's just roll over and let Republicans take away our healthcare then? Some principles you have there...
Just saying...if the bill is secret how do you know what its going to do?
The house already gave us an idea of what they would like to pass. You are going to be unpleasantly surprised when ocare is repealed.
Selective reading is to people's detriment.
That was a really good article. Thx 4 sharing!
Funny...we said the same thing when Pelosi said we have to pass it to see what's in it...
Pelosi was wrong then and Republicans are wrong now!
Except Pelosi wasn't wrong then because nobody quotes what she said accurately.
Well, at least no matter what they manage to change it to, they'll have to do participate in it as well.
Please stop them!!!!!
I called your D.C. Office today. I hope you're willing to shut down the Senate to prevent Trumpcare from passing!
Lol you never read obamacare before it passed. Double standard
You mean we can't pass it and then let you see what's in it????
You have to pass it to know whats in it.
Did you feel same about gigantic Obama care plan that was rushed through with late night vote?
We didn't have the right to know under Obama. your fellow Dems said it on TV. Vote first learn later. That is so stupid of the Dems!
It's a shame there weren't a year of hearings and debate on the ACA beforehand. Hold on...okay...I'm being told there WERE. Uhhh....
Want a healthcare plan? TWO WORDS FREE MARKET!
Just like we a right to know what was in obamacare BEFORE you passed it?
pretty sweet!)
Retweet if you:
 
Have a right to know what’s in @SenKamalaHarris @MaxineWaters  plan for cash...60k
 
(This is everyone.) @DewsNewz ...
Why did she give Maxine money?!?
toll fee to get #woke...@RealAlexJones @DewsNewz @InfowarsReports @MediaRival @joerogan @RealJamesWoods @PrisonPlanet @POTUS @allidoisowen
"We have to pass it to find out what's in it." - @NancyPelosi 

So what changed? The sides. @TheDemocrats and @GOP changed sides.
And yet it was opened for hearings and Republicans did add amendments to aca. Gop won't do that. Aca took over a year .why the rush gop?
We cannot have the Dem Stooges screw thus one up like OBUMMERCARE !!
Where was your tweet about #KateSteinle ?
We had a rt 2 know what was n the Afford Care Act- yet no1 ever found out- includ Congress! U idiots passed something u were clueless about

DAMN right I have a right to know what's in Repub's HC Plan.
@ceschuelke yet ACA was passed w/o ppl who voted for it knowing what was in it. Hypocrisy has no limits w left.
Umm...actually, dumb-shit, Obama had 100's of open hearings w/stakeholders for year. He PERSONALLY answered questions at GOP retreat. Idiot.
If u want yo know who was cared for by the congressional sex slush fund-u in thee kamey
Since Congress votes to prevent Americans from having universal healthcare, We The People demand that Congress pay for their own healthcare like the rest of us. STOP PICKING OUR POCKETS! #VoteThemOut2018
We have to pass it to see what is in.......you should let Pelosi catch ya up to speed

With Congressional Republicans writing their healthcare bill in secret, here are 10 things we do know:
REALLY, YOU ACTUALY CAN RECITE 10 THINGS... AMAZING!!!
Not too bright, are you Trump Troll?
Yeah just like we knew what was in the democratic plan!

I imagine this bill will be just as awful as the current law.
A young man that doesn't drink or smoke with a small family shouldn't be spending half his salary on high deductible crappy insurance
That's not the fault of the ACA, though. That's a fault of our health care system as a whole.
BULL SHIT!!!
Well, I mean if you want to believe that corporations will put your well being above their profits then more power to you.
As opposed to when pelosi said "you have to pass the bill to read the bill"... Hypocrites
Ummmm...."we need to pass it to see what's in it" - @NancyPelosi
Do you donate blood?
Weird, because nobody had a right to know what was in Obamacare while it was being crafted.

#Hypocrite #HistoryOfNow
Order that we may be able to contact our representatives and learn more about the Bill and voice our like / dislikes so that they may vote
Republicans have reached the height of hipocracy by meeting in secret. Republicans got 100 amendments into the ACA.
Sorry Kamala you don't. The citizens voted for an autocrat. Full stop. Rights are no longer a concept they used to be. President Bannon wins
I am 100% for all to choose their own healthcare system and for all to WORK & PAY  for their own healthcare.  Plain & Simple. WORK>>>
Retweet if you threw a fit when Dems did this first go around.
Mike if you thought it was wrong then you should think it's wrong now. You seem stuck in the past. I don't even think I was on Twitter.
It's all wrong, it's all gonna continue to be wrong cause nobody focuses on anything else. I'm not stuck.
We can't discuss anything without Obama being brought up. This is not fixing healthcare. Making it worse. Tax cut for wealthy.
Whatever, how bout taxn pro sports and entertainers n I'll listen. This tax the wealthy stuff is political fodder. Like losing soc security
They don't need a tax break tho! That's all this is. This is not good for you and me either man. And it's not good for TN.
Kamala, I love you!!
We have a right to know how your paying for CA Health Bill @SenKamalaHarris
Trump likes his name on everything. All Democrats should be calling this TRUMPCARE! It's his legacy!!!
I'd really wanna know what they're gonna do with tax credits!
Come on @JeffFlake and @SenJohnMcCain - #ShowUsTheBill! #VoteNoAHCA #HoldTheFloor #NoHearingsNoVote #HandsOffMedicare #Trumpcare is terrible
Maybe Democrats "will have to pass the bill FIRST, to find out what's in it." Nancy Pelosi ... RIGHT BACK AT YA!!!
SINGLE PAYER NOW. 
(And shame on you for approving of Russia sanctions)
AbsoFrigginLoutely!!
We have to pass the bill so we can read it to find out what's in it, duh 
Yes!! What's honorable about secrecy? Republicans what are you afraid of??
Thank you being the light and #Example....
I thought @NancyPelosi said you have to sign it to know what's in it?
Trump and his White House had countless secret meeting with the Russians, so it's not different the Repubs do their Health Bill in secret
https://twitter.com/SenKamalaHarris/status/876908460557844480 …
Time for action Senators! #ShutItDown
# This congress has lost their freakin Minds#We the people Elected you to work for "The People"!!!# I Smell REVOLUTION #REVOLT
PLEASE: Filibuster by amendment to allow this bill to receive the scrutiny it merits, and the inevitable public outcry it will provoke
Tell everyone to call both their senators and one, some or all of the 13 #Trumpcare authors. Demand that ALL senators have a chance to read.
It's past office hours so it went to voicemail 
Call tomorrow! You can use the #ResistBot app to send a fax from your phone at any time.
I've called more senators/ reps during this presidency then ever in my life lol
If one good thing comes out of this cluster***k, it'll be how many people people have become civicly engaged. Hopefully it's permanent.
You will never be president
@rthompson1138 I guess everyone is only 60,000 people. Global warming sure has cut the population
We have to pass it to see what's in it.....right?
Look it up its on line funny how you don't know that.
How soon they forget "We have to pass it to know what's in it."
Did you know there was a death clause in OBAMA Care?  My Dr got a letter early that people too old don't save them. He quit
@realDonaldTrump this is Trumpcare we're talking about. That's what it will be called. That will be your legacy-one of your many disasters
You clowns still don't know what ticking time bomb is waiting in Ocare flippin 2 faced sacks of funky balls.
This secret government crap must end.  
#Trump & GOP are doing business in the ppl's name, in secret. This is govt.; not a private business.
"We have to pass the healthcare bill to find out what's in it " -Nancy Pelosi
Pelosi on OC: We need to pass it, to see what is inside.
The medical community calls that a "stool sample".
What will medical billers do Oct. 1, 2017. We worked hard to align ACA with all facets of healthcare economics. Keep ACA!
Obama is better than what we had which is better than what any trumpcare would be.
We have to pass the bill so that you can find out what is in it, away from the fog of the controversy
Can I ask why the Dems are not simply withholding consent for everything until they use normal procedure?
Absolutely. The last administration's health care plan taught us that lesson.
As @NancyPelosi said, you have a right to that information -- after you pass it! #MadeSenseToHer
@tamaraholder more interested in hearing the story of how you slept with married men and ruining a marriage
The fact that this is even a question should bring all of the @GOP up for charges of treason.  They work for the American people.
Like we were when you passed the current ACA disaster???
How can I be more involved in terms of local government. I live in LA.
@NancyPelosi said u have to pass it to see what's in it
Ah but GOP objected to that so why the hypocrisy?
This class act should consider running for POTUS in 2020.
thats for sure../ im canadian/i cannot understand why they dont only try to improve it./pre existing condition=terrible/
Senate plan = Schrödinger's healthcare plan.
Please do not let this healthcare bill pass
Well since Obamacare was passed with pelosi saying you have to pass it to know what's in it...do you see the hypocrisy senator?

Ok. There will be debate. I don't think the bill is finished yet. I wish they would do this in a bipartisan way personally
ME TOO! But - call your senator and ask- @SenateMajLdr has said  no committee hearings & no amendments https://www.google.com/amp/s/thinkprogress.org/amp/p/4e3450acb013 …
I just heard Marco Rubio put that to rest saying there will be debate/amendments offered if needed. Says they don't want to rush it through
That’s not what @SenateMajLdr said to @chuckschumer last night when he asked about more than 10 hours :(
I know. I think Rubio is a pretty straight shooter though. Schumer has stated several times that dems will vote no no matter what anyway
That’s fair, so let’s take Rubio at his word & have him articulate how that squares with @SenateMajLdr, who is the boss. Both can’t be true
After tonights election, the Democrats will let Congress know of the new Health Care Act, written by Human beings DEMOCRATS!
I know, only a COMPLETE IDIOT would believe that we have to pass it to see what's in it.
Should go wo saying: OF COURSE WE HAVE A RIGHT TO KNOW!!! If it's in public interest, there should be public debate.
What we have a right to is a better non racist senator who puts Americans first mam with all do respect
Retweet if you think Kamala jumped the shark and ruined her 2020 expectations.
Madame President. 
All Americans deserve a #livingwage for work & access to high quality affordable #Healthcare
@ScottHammar what about "we have to pass it to see what's in it" Pelosi. You are so disingenuous & that's being kind to you
You didn't know what was in Obama care,  ask Pelosi
According to their constituents wishes.... Howe, every since this President has entered into office our Country is suddenly become Oligarchy
They have to let us see it! Ridiculous. This is a democracy where EVERYONE has a voice. #RESIST
Oh like your party did to us , "well we'll just have to pass it so you can see what's in it. Stupid left coast reasoning, get lost
ours was passed after 18 months after the bill was written and had R ammendments there were also town halls in which debate with ppl
Is it true you slept your way to top?  Haven't heard you deny it.
If you can't tweet something nice, then don't tweet anything, at all!


You're amazing! Keep up the good fight. 2020 Baby!
Not only do we have a right to our choice in healthcare, but the GOPCongress has a duty to listen and enact in accordance...
Yes we do. Keep fighting for us.

#RUSSIAFLFUNDS #MOBTIES #BAYROCK #FELEXSTATER #TRUMPIMPEACHMENT: Obstruction, Dereliction of duty, Money Laundering. Trump will go to jail. 
Yes we all do Senator. Give the hell!
Joe Biden and You in 2020# Isaiditfirst
Right up there with Nancy "You have to pass the bill to know what's in it" Pelosi.  We've had enough of the hypocrisy from both parties.
Do you support Single Payer or Medicare For All?
Just like the people got see the O care "must pass it to see it" cry wolf
And if I don't find out I'm going to become hysterical!!!!!!
Kamala, Maxine wants sone more money for the deal.
This retweet should be in the millions count
The Republicans has ignored our Constitutional Rights and our President has dismissed our Media as Fake, Corrupt and Liars in order to
Let's just see what's in it like the democrats did! Hypocrite!
The ACA was debated by both parties for months.  The Rs even added some amendments
So what we still don't know whats in it!!!!!!
After pelosi comments concerning obamacare.... Liberals have no right to speak.
Just like we had a right to know what was in Obamacare but your House leader didn't even know.
How about what happened at #sanonofre?
@krimssol apparently no one does.
Wow - for a sitting senator, you really are not in touch with what people really think... are you?
Remember Polosi?
You didn't care about Our rights to know for the disastrous #obamacare
If we do will you reveal how much money you paid Maxine for your job?
Congress should have the same health care as the citizens do. Then you may see a plan worth its salt
Your right - maybe this time. Where was your voice when ACA was passed - no one knew then... hypocritical- standard politician
Weren't we told with Obamacare, we gotta pass it to find out what's in it? How soon we forget.
Not sure who's forgetting what now here.
Your idiot supporters missed your screw up in your tweet. You mean the Senate GOP Healthcare Plan, not Congressional. You knew that right?
Yes !!!!  Hold the floor !!!!!
@GOP #ShowUsTheBill
The biggest mistake made by the dems was accepting the name Obamacare after bastardizing the original bill with right wing lobby pandering.
Right below this tweet we have Donald spewing some kind of b******* about a golf game. obviously that's what's important to the WH Sad joke!
And it also might help if politicians listened to healthcare providers and citizens about healthcare needs
Senator Harris is going to break Twitter!
Whelp, we didn't get to know what was in the Democrat's health care plan. Seems like both parties have short memories.
Kamala For America 2020!!!
I agree, we have a right to know what’s in Congressional Republicans' health care plan. All deserve good, affordable care.
How about you push for a real solution called single payer. Resisting without something better to offer does not work. #ditchbigpharma
We had a right to know what was in the Democrats' health care plan too, y'know. Glass houses & whatnot.
Stand up and put an alternative out there. Keep opposing by standing for something besides Obamacare
We need transparency. This is a horrible miscarriage of justice. They need to be voted out.
