He endangers peace and cooperation between countries. Why can't someone release him from office?
World leaders are cooperatively enjoying talks &visits he even has China negotiations benefiting us! He'll be released at end of his termS
For the rest of the word it didn't look as Angela Merkel was enjoying her meeting with Trump.
Well, her sourpuss might have something to do with what's going on in her country right now
More that it was because DT didn't understand that they could not conclude a trade agreement. 12 times she explained before he understood.
The reality is we finally have a President working for our countries interest regardless of what the media is trying to distort it to be 
He is only working for his own interest and for Putin.
Ok dude, tell yourself that if it makes you feel better. 
And falsely accusing people without a shred of evidence is unethical and immoral...so good luck with your "Russia" narrative, shame on you.
Y  do U make accusations without facts. Was it because u were an AJ in Ca. that it impaired your fight for truth. Your setting a bad example
I don't believe that you believe any of the manure you're shoveling.
Way to start speaking out! THANK YOU. Do it frequently with visceral language!
Great job in the hearings this week, Senator. Thank you.
Hey Kamaltoe, as a new Senator with zero foreign policy experience, shut the pie hole & stop with the 7th-grade platitudes. #TrumpTrain
So is leaking it to the @washingtonpost Post. Clown.
U r lying. The @POTUS can give classified Intel 2 any nation. Obama Gave it to  no problem? @potus gave nothing, he warned them.
Pls show us the proof, not BS anonymous/unnamed sources.  You won't because it doesn't exist.
Yes. Obama should be indicted.
Russia is fighting ISIS just like we are.  The information pertained to them and was proper to share.
And decide what to share strategically with allies. Funny how a Senator can be so closed-minded.
You bet it does. Thank God Hillary lost!
Maybe you should've let Hillary & Obama know that
Our intelligence allies LOVE @POTUS
The only people who endanger USA are @TheDemocrats
What a dope


So does letting a lot of people just come in to this country without vetting them . Please !
Lol leaking r u that uninformed ? President can un classify documents ! Duh
Like Leaky Leahy?
Hood wearing Communist Democrats like u r the greatest security risk 2 our nation.
 .. this information was in the press months before conversation. Your narrative is pathetically lazy and without any substance. #Idiocracy
You're an embarrassment.
You're such a stooge, Harris. Could you please run for president in 2020? LMAO
Oh, like the time when Hillary talked about nuclear weapons activation time
"Leaking"?! "Highly clsssified"?! No matter what Pres. Trump says or does you'll spin it on him along with your corrupt MSM shills.
a game of tic-tac-toe would jeopardize the limits of ur intelligence-I guess any clown can be a Senator,& win a Nobel prize for that matter
Again, you're a fool and an embarrassment to our country.  Please resign.
Lying to the public every time people are mown down in the streets endangers brave men and women around the world. #timesquareattack
Once again, you're basing this off of a "memo" that was "read" by anonymous "sources" that was not ever actually seen by the NYTimes. 
I have never seen so much IGNORANCE then the comments of a tax payers employee and the FAKE news cult followers commenting on this post.
pretty stupid thing to say since you once served as a Att General... what happened to innocent till proven guilty?
Did you tell that to Obama? You phony piece of garbage. 
You LIBERALS are so Done, even democrats are sick of the lies and BULLSHIT!
STOP THE BS! You're lying to your not too bright constituents! No one LEAKED highly classified info to Russia! Except maybe #CrookedHillary
Your not serving the people of CA and we will work for the success of those running against you.may I remind you your CA SEN.not dem SEN
Except for the "FACT" Trump did not leak classified info. You seem 2 be 2 dumb to understand that FACT
And who is the one who leaked?
So why the hell did Hildabeast do that? And to China. And to North Korea, and to Iran
Awan Spies
VomitCrats are obsolete
#maga
Maybe owning failed casinos is NOT the best qualification for president.
The POTUS has the authority to declassify materials. Maybe the ignorant you depend on for vote of free stuff don't know that fact
Wow.  Fake partisan outrage.  Well played.
"It's not illegal when the president does it"...I've heard this before, from a much better President despite his flaws than what we have now
Kamala harris as atty general for California ignored many sever issues for political gain, now she wants the limelight on twitter. #goals
Donald Trump, enemy of the ppl.
Please object to any other Senate business until this is resolved.
Well @SenKamalaHarris when you get elected, and receive your President's Daily Brief you can do with it what you like for National Security.
You have no idea what you're talking about.
And always Russia. Seriously. You don't need a rocket scientist to see these dots.
Then DO SOMETHING.  All this inaction makes me think you are ok with this.
Trump needs to start acting like a President not a fifth grader. Hopefully before it's to late.
IMPEACH HIM JAIL HIM LIAR LIAR IMPEACH HIM JAIL HIM #russianpuppet #crookedtrump @GOP @PRyan !! #resist #indivisible
Sen.Kamala Harris of CALIFORNIA
Please. Please. For the love of our country do something!
demand impeachment.
Withhold consent on everything!  Shut it down!
Refuse unanimous consent until there's a special prosecutor on Russia. Or this is all talk.
We know this. Obviously. WHAT.  DO.  WE.  DO?!
He's the "president" he can do whatever he wants to whomever he wants whenever he wants
The GOP will do NOTHING absolutely NOTHING
Cowards
You're right, if the GOP had balls, then Obama and Hillary wouldn't have been able to screw up the country
@realDonaldTrump I totally agree Ms Harris
20 years ago he would have been on the street, bags in hand. The balance between misinformation and tolerance for behavior has to be fixed.
Please, Senator withhold all consent until we get a Special Prosecutor or Independent Commision.  Democracy in danger when Dems do nothing!
@realDonaldTrump is 'do as I say, not as I do', unfit & unqualified as president of the free world.
Let's get your Republican colleagues to work w you and put country first!
Do something
45 can send troops out exposed by his intel dump
Yes it does you are Right On
Your hypocrisy is stunning and your implied accusation false.  Russia, Russia, Russia!
Senator Harris, when is enough really enough? How about today?
Thank you, Senator. Please encourage the House to start impeachment proceedings.
Trump doesn't care. He got to play with the "big boys" and pretend to be one. Russia tried to deny - he practically *bragged*!!!
call it what it is #treason #impeachment
..and hockey masks
With pitchforks and shit.. so will we..not with pitchforks ..but like electric hedgclippers God Dammit!
Thanks! We need a special investigator of HRC's server and ultra classified emails. Next, investigate Susan Rice unmasking and leaking NSA
Treasonous #Trump doesn't comprehend why giving classified #Intel from our allies to Russia is wrong; unfit, unqualified & #Untrustworthy!
They fought to have this country and government.
Trump could care less about human life. We're going to have another 9/11 style attack. Terrorists aren't going to pass up Trump's stupidity
CUZ THATS WHAT OUR FOREFATHERS DID.
And what are YOU doing about it? Tweets are not enough, Senator.
He fucked with the wrong group. We love this country. If need be we will fight for it in the streets.
I say, Congress Either remove him from office or we the people will.
Time for Dems to start calling out by name vulnerable Republicans such as @SenatorCollins for their continued complicity in this disaster.
I'm pissed as hell. He is playing everyone..he has an agenda and is following it ...successfully.. proving our checks&balances DONT WORK.
No need to always be a politician. By all means, speak freely.
Start impeachment now before all our secrets are handed to Russia. 

Republican in Congress must make a choice:

Party or Country.
Dude, turn off your TV and think for yourself.
No excuse that #Congress does not IMMEDIATELY act to #ImpeachTrump! Our country, security, democracy cannot survive with this man in office!
I hope whoever is responsible for giving @realDonaldTrump nuclear codes did the right thing and provided a dummy set instead of REAL codes!!
Why is the @GOP blind to common sense? They need to stop defending @realDonaldTrump who is unfit and unqualified!
Any free nation will NOT trust us. Meaning we are more and more becoming an enemy to them
Trump: "True, but in exchange, I got this fabulous doll! Look, there's a littler doll inside it! And another! And then a tiny microphone!"
We need a legal response to the President's recent actions - and to his numerous violations of the #EmolumentsClause
please #withholdconsent on all business in the Senate until action is taken to stop Tr*mp's Russian collusion
And of course you were saying this about Hillary and her email scandal, correct? The woman you wanted as President did way more harm.
He just put a wedge between us &our allies of free world. He continues 2dismantle our position as free nation &pull us toward dictatorship.
This sounds even dumber when you say it.
Then you need to get your hearing checked QuikHit.
Trump is senile and mentally incapable of executing his duties as a president based on his oath.
Yes it does.  So when will the Senate be doing something to remove @realDonaldTrump from office?  Sooner is better than later, please.
They're too busy obstructing the workings of government.
lots of people are upset, no, they are scared. This is really bad.
Straw man
