You should chill out considering you were guilty of overzealous prosecution @SenKamalaHarris.  Remember this?
TrollsRUs?
Totalitarian/Sanders Socialist troll is an amateur troll
I will.  Thx for having an interest in my "man boobies", head and penis. But I #DontSwingThatWay and #ThanksForPlaying 
This guy is a racist he used to dress the undocumented immigrants in pink, in concentration camps (Hitler Style)
He dressed all inmates in pink and he treated them worse than abused animals!
okay so if he shouldn't be pardoned, then all of the criminals Obama and Clinton let free, should be placed behind bars asap.
OMG Quit watching Hannity and Infowars...read more!
Is that the only reply you have 
Oh no Sister, I could go on for days! I do read alot and listen to a lot of perspectives. What would you like to discuss?
By definition isn't that how pardons work?
Donald Trump just shows who he is time and time again and next time the American people should listen.
Americans vs illegal Latinos geeze illegal Latinos have no rights if they want to be here do it legally
and you are a racist ,using bitch. Friend of obumer who is a Traitor to America.
Bill Clinton & Obama BOTH pardoned HARDENED CRIMINALS! Hypocrisy here is outrageous! Marc Rich, Chelsea Manning, Oscar Lopez.. . . .
Oh my gosh...read more facts...quit watching Hannity and infowars!
So which laws were those Skippy? Oh that's right! Sneaking across the border is illegal. Can we pick and choose which other laws to ignore?
See the American people became too complacent because they became used to politicians delivering promises they can't deliver.
Don't forget KARMA, it will get you Arpaio
Another great quote from do nothing politician.. The federal govt #1 priority is to protect us. Joe did. You hacks in DC should be locked up
So you enjoy using Your tax dollars for his lawsuits, including faking his own kidnappung and falsely incarcerating a man waiting 4 trial?
Trump wants to pardon guilty Arpaio but wanted death penalty for innocent Central Park Five.
Obama let a treasonous Chelsea Manning FREE.
But u hate him bcuz of his "policies" right?
Ms. Harris,

Please remind me where you stood on the Esteban Nunez commuted sentence?
Thank you for supporting Joe Arpaio.  He is an American Hero.

@SenKamalaHarris then there is HISTORY  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FT0YqASsQOs&sns=tw … via @youtube
at least he didn't get cops killed like Obama did
Not to mention faking a kidnappng which led to a false imprisonment and costing tax-payers millions in multiple lawsuits.
A hatemonger who has the President as a fan.
All trump shows now is he is the establishment on steroids at just with right wing policies and puts an ugly face on it.
He is a racist guilty of violating both civil rights and basic human rights

Attacked the rule of law? Wow. It almost sounds like pardons aren't provided for in the Constitution. Oh, wait, hang on...
He's a patriot who did his job. Dems support illegals over American values.  Very sad.
All you Democrats are UnConvicted Felons, what's your problem?
Illegals have violated our laws! Why do you approve of that?
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_people_granted_executive_clemency_by_Barack_Obama ….
1,927 pardons by obama which were convicted of federal crime!!! @SenKamalaHarris
America is FUBAR....thank you dems and reps for fucking this county up beyond all recognition....
http://landwheremyfatherdied.blogspot.com/2017/07/ill-have-blue-plate-special.html …
Agreed. But I talk politics w/my college kids and their friends (mostly I listen) & I'm heartened that at least they Get what's happened.
THIS-->http://landwheremyfatherdied.blogspot.com/2017/08/racism-hatred-and-humanity.html …
Disagree. Humanity is innate, not learned. American system, flawed as it is, is the world's best so far. We must keep working, not give up.
"Humanity is innate" That's were we're going to have to disagree.  
http://landwheremyfatherdied.blogspot.com/2017/08/are-we-as-nation-worthy-of-humanitys.html …
This is a lie.  In Arizona we enforce laws.  If enforcing laws is a bad thing, no wonder you're in California.  #StayThere
Everyone knows CNN is fake news
What do democrats know about the rule of law? You are the ones who run sanctuary cities! Your comment is pure idiocy.
When  a law upholder becomes a law breaker, he should get the same treatment as anybody else, and not become a totem for alt-right
#resist
Actually he should be punished more severely for the damage done to all LEOs for his sanctimonious behavior that dirties them all.
So I'm sure you feel that Governors who blatantly disregard federal laws with Sanctuary cities should be punished
If u don't understand the difference btwn abusing ppl & providing them sanctuary, therein lies the issue, but not an excuse. Trump was wrong
Ilkegal aliens are not here LEGALLY and are not ENTITLED to sanctuary.
A human being is not a commodity, our existence does not require a permission slip. All should be treated with care and respect.
A human being deserves respect of course but we also have the rule of law and illegals are breaking the law
And that very same rule of law applies to law enforcement officials
Give them hell Kamala, tell people the facts about the matters.
Obama released drug runners and murderers.Ilegals and gang http://leaders.You  are stupid beyond repair.
Don't like his jails? Don't go!
He will probably be working in Donald's WH next month.
BS he followed the law and protected the people of AZ. Only the alt left judges who hate Americans went after him.
Bullshit lies!
did you cry when obama pardoned over 1000 prisoners and terrorist, you are a racist and use it when convient to you
suck it up, liberal
you have sided with the wrong side by choosing ILLEGALS over true Americas. Sheriff Joe was doing his job. I stand with JOE
Ho please you and your hypocrisy when democrats support Clhelsea's pardon remember?
You misspelled Upheld. U people need to learn the difference between "immigrant" and "illegal alien"
Pardoning Chelsea Manning a person who committed espionage to the US that is a major concern. Not a Sheriff who arrests Illegal immigrants.
If Joe was a Democrat he would be a martyr.
He was facing six months in jail, isn't that a misdemeanor? This isn't national news
Kamala is a race baiter
U got to be F☆ing uninformed of the immigration Laws... & the meaning of ... ILLIGAL?
more grandstanding, you ar showing your true character! How about this? Any comment?
https://www.justice.gov/pardon/obama-pardons …
Kam: he tried to stop illegal aliens from running around helter skelter as they do not belong in the US.
CRIMINAL MINDED SHERRIFF AND #45 .
@SenKamalaHarris WRONG he is not. But you will be a convicted felon soon enough. "Be sure your sins will find you out"
Begin stripping Trump of his pardoning powers b4 he pardons those gangster Mueller is investigating, that's what he signaled to Mueller.
He will go into ahole that is deeper than anyone. Everyone pays for sin.
The UN once said of him that he was guilty of human rights violations
Arpaio's pardon not only  it's a danger to Muller's investigation. Why talk when u can get pardoned? 
Give this man the same.treatment he gave to others. Let him die the same death he imposed on others.
Maybe he is a kkk master
Facts don't matter though to @realDonaldTrump and his enablers in @HouseGOP @senategop
That's just stupid on many levels.
For once in your life, shut up! You lie like Hillary, blah blah blah.  Joe Arpaio was mistreated by a Liberal Judge, and violated no laws.

Enough!!! Actions speak louder than words!! Stop the whining please!! Only hurts all of you who did nothing to stop this nonsense!!
Settle down. Try Marc Rich much juicier stories K
And he's being pardoned #smh
What about Mark Rich?  Clinton pardoned that guy - disgusting.  Not in the same league.
Arpaio is a racist coward that talks but doesn't walk the talk, and he is still a convicted felon...
He was guilty of contempt of court; sensationalize much?
Here u go! A list of Obamas pardons. Seems he sure liked dope dealers and corruption ALOT! https://www.justice.gov/pardon/obama-pardons …
We have a rogue president who has no regard for the rule of law.As such our democracy  is in danger.The gutless republicans need to act soon
So what? Apparently, everyone is impotent to do anything about Trumpty Dumpty. Time to dump his fat orange ass right down the sewer!
Sooooo want that; said like...everyone!
Correction. He enforced American law.. Shame on a officer for doing his job!!! Oh Ya, and he is WHITE! Must be a Nazi. Grow up. Trump 2020!
But once again he's above the law !
is time for somebody that is on TV to say "Trump is a f**king liar" while being interview.
Obama pardon this real criminal: Oscar Lopez Rivera. Responsible for 120 bombings, killing 6 and injuring dozens.
Did you speak out when BO pardoned 100's of violent criminals, many who have reoffended & hurt our citizens? I'll wait...
MOCs need to do everything in your power to remove 45 from office
45 appeased Nazi friends w/pardon which should be an abuse of power! #ImpeachTrump NOW
I'm guessing you don't remember the classy citizens Obama pardoned do you?
Arpaio denied legal right to trial by jury. Did u speak up then. Obama: 1,716 commutations in 1 day, did you speak up then? #hypocrite
Oh please, it was a misdemeanor w sentence of 6mos. He isn't Chelsea Manning who gave military secrets and was pardoned. So lame
Well Mrs. Snowflake, he was pardoned. Now deal with it!
President #Obama pardoned 231 criminals on his last day in office.
Obama pardoned 1,927 people convicted of federal crimes. Where is outrage? @JeffFlake 
Sanctuary cities disregard fed laws. No outrage?
please connect with @RepJoeKennedy and run as a team in 2020.
SO, He did exactly the same thing you did to conservatives? Are you going to resign then, cause you're no different then.
Wrong. Deep state. Stop lying to the people of California
You went to law school? It was a misdemeanor. Stop using the law for political purposes. No prosecutor for #POTUS
The paid bots come out in support of the white supremacists
You misspelled Best Sheriff Ever!!
And is pardoning him an impeachable offense?
No; he didn't go thru the judicial process but apparently no one gives a shit. Just a racist President pardoning a racist to please his base
Trump and Joe Arpaio share blatant rejection of law,order and the constitution.Trump pardoning Arpaio is like trump pardoning himself. Twins
Kamala it's time to pick up the broken pieces of your life and move on already.
Agree. Trump is the mob burning Rome down and the @GOP is Nero.
And the people who continued to vote for his racism & hatred should feel shame in their hearts over how he enforced the rule of law.
Tell us about Seth Rich. Who in the DNC had him killed?
That is not true!
When are we shutting down Washington?  Marching isn't enough.
If you don't like the direction Washington is heading then get more people out to vote next time? Or maybe get a better candidate?
The @realDonaldTrump  proved how chicken shit he really is. Pardon this slime bag while Americans are being battered by a cat. 4 hurricane.
When Trump is impeached and behind pars, can #Arpaio's pardon be annulled?
So you're okay with the 1900+ pres 44 carries out? Over 1 every 2 days.
Point to be taken is that Arpaio violated American Citizens Constitutional Rights! Trump just reinforced notion we are 2nd class citizens.
The Senate..The People's House MUST exercise every option to rid US & Mankind of the Abomination in The White House!! & Now!
@Juliean512 Yes he is he also abused any black celebrity that got in trouble in Az,making them wear pink underwear!!
Joe Arpaio is the perfect example of why people of the country distrust the police. He gives the handful of good cops a bad name.
Why pardon him then?
Shattered absolutely devastated! Look during storm he is Category infinity, while Texans are in trouble! AntiChrist and end of our democracy
This is a blatant, disgusting disregard for humanity
Waiting for Democrats to condemn mayors & governors who BLATANTLY VIOLATE Federal Immigration Law with sanctuary cities!
The next thing we know Donald Trump will pardon himself and go out on fifth Avenue and shoot somebody!
A President is supposed to represent ALL people.  Not just the racists.  I stand with Senator Kampala Davis.
Another endorsement for racism and white supremacy by tump who has never felt consequences for anything he's done
Trump is also a convicted criminal for fraud (Trump U) and money laundering (Taj Mahal.) And it smells like also TREASON. Hmmm.
Not so fast!!!   He's innocent now, BY THE RULE OF LAW!!!!      Haha
He also failed to investigate over 400 sexual assault cases, including dozens involving child molestation.
Lets not bring the Clintons into this now....
You're part of the most corrupt party in American history, slavery is the heritage of @TheDemocrats
PARDONED!!! SCRATCH THAT! !
You should know about laws right ? I mean, you did take the BAR exam twice ?
And that scum Trump just pardoned him
Chelsea Manning is a traitor. You were silent.
Can the pardon be blocked?
He can be sued once pardoned. To take pardon he has to admit guilt!
Go get them Madame President
Hopefully Trump will be soon, too. Although @VP is likely to pardon him as well.
.@realDonaldTrump is INSANE. #25thAmendmentNow
Kate Steinle would be alive if more Sheriffs were like Arpaio. You remember her, right? Her blood is on your hands. #katesteinle
Pander much?
Please link to your outrage at the pardoning of the terrorist Oscar Lopez.
Shameful
@SenKamalaHarris He can be impeached for this so what now? Tell your friends in the house to send articles to the senate.
He's over 80 years old and was doing his job! He had a liberal judge. Shame on you Ms. Harris!
He directly violated a judge's order, after being warned. That's not "doing his job". That is a crime that would land you or me in jail.
Sorry. Nothing more than a witch hunt with a political agenda. He admitted he made a mistake. Clean record 80 yrs!
Incorrect
Thank you for your tireless service
Another Friday night=Crazy Trump 
The GOP sits back& let's this man dismantle anything ethical abt America
#StandUpToTrump
#MuellerIsComing
Let those he wronged get their justice in the streets w/him. @realDonaldTrump mayhave just sentenced him2death!Lots of wronged want revenge.
Sad place where in where actual criminals are let out of jail, but innocent Blacks get shot for being Black or wrongfully imprisoned.
It is a misdemeanor offence, honey!  AND, this is a border state where cartels enter, and dispense drugs and violence to our youth! #suckit
Is what he just told Americans
The decision to pardon is exactly ten times as terrible as all the trolls in your mentions.
No matter who is found guilty in any of this Russia stuff they will be pardoned. Whats the frigging point. a one man show. I'm sick of it.
Trumps lack of awareness is unbelievable
And he's a racist!!!!
and of course trump uses hurricane harvey to mask or deflect this pardon and the trans ban what a disgrace of a person
For shame. I hope everyone who is disgusted by this remembers on election day
Trump is a birther + Arpaio is a birther = pardon!
He obeyed the federal laws and reported illegals to be deported like all true Americans should do
Bradley/Chelsea Manning committed  TREASON against USA but Obama shortened his sentence. 
Sheriff Joe put AMERICANS before ILLEGALS.
@POTUS is declaring open season on people of color. #ImpeachTrumpandPence #Stopwhitesupremacy
He went after minorities. Exactly why he was pardoned. He will probably get a medal. Potus is scum. Lowest of the low.
No he isn't. Frankly taking down your stupid post about bread shows how much you know

Those of us who live in AZ know Joe Arpaio is an immoral person. Don't believe media who say otherwise and oppose any pardon of this racist.
Climb back under your rock sher along with the other snakes.
This is truly outrageous!
It's done....IMPEACH!
I'm waiting for you to condemn Governor's who blatantly disregard federal laws on immigration with Sanctuary cities
A racist pardoned a racist.
@princessmom122 Trump/Putin  doing what he (Trump) seems to do a lot; obstructing Justice     
Well we know who rules the new Crime Bosses simply have replaced the Original Crime Bosses our founding fathers & the supremacy goes on
LOCK THIS CONVICTED CRIMINAL UP.
I thought you want to let people out of jail? Can you imagine what they will do to him if he ends up in one? Or white, so it doesn't matter?
Arpaio and others like him should be evicted from the United States of America!
Trump-O sound a lot like his best buddy Arpaio. Two racist pigs.
Hope they saved back a few choice charges that they can bring out if Trump pardons him!
