
A #HealthCareSystem that works for all Americans is easy-- just copy off the many countries who have it figured and stop be lead by insurers
Learn more here: http://www.pnhp.org/facts/what-is-single-payer …
Thank you!!
When call came on a family ski trip my world turned upside down. From black diamond runs to fighting for my life w/a call. It could be you.
What're you going to do about those who have NO healthcare now since Obamacare took it away, those ppl are 1 diagnosis away from bankruptcy.
How about saying something, no doing something for our citizens in Puerto Rico?!
We are paying  $750,000,000,000/year in Health Insurance  premiums for ads,  lobbying,  exec pay and max shareholder value b4 Health Care!?
Then get off your backside and figure out how to achieve bi-partisan plan, something you Dems did NOT do to pass ACA, about the people!!
Ma'am, keep fighting, one day at a time. We are with you.
#GrahamCassidyBill is like the walking dead that just refuses to expire. Reps have delayed the vote before and it hasn't done them good

DYK that #PuertoRico is subject to the draft, @realDonaldTrump? Know why? Because Puerto Ricans are Americans. How about we help 'em out? 
Yes. Thank you, Senator. Please keep fighting for us. Goodness knows my reps in Texas won't. Wishing you a full recovery and good health.
Thank you @maziehirono for your bravery
Keep fighting the good fight, Senator! We are with you in thoughts and prayers.
Sen.Hirono.Thank You,once again,for expressing the health care Needs of Americans So Very Well.The Entire Congress Needs to Be as Supportive
Courageous and dedicated Senator who empathizes and cares for others. Thanks for her hard work.  Best wishes for a full recovery for her.
That illness is the Virus referred to as Trump - there will be no cure, unless you receive 'elected officials' helthcare?????¿¿
I'm sure he's not THAT bad, but Orrin Hatch always looks like he's late for the SPECTRE meeting.
Evrybody gonna die!
The 3 Republican Senators got the Headlines last time around, but Senator Hirono, suffering with cancer herself stood very tall that day.
Class has a tendency to do that.
ABSOLUTELY, absolutely
Sending Sen. Hirono best wishes for her recovery. I admire her strength& courage. I have 2 fam members with cancer 1 on hospice. Fight on!
Brain aneurysm survivor!
PUT EVERYONE IN CONGRESS ON OBAMACARE, you will see in a heartbeat how much they want to repeal and replace it!!
I will never, ever understand how people don't get this.
Thank God the medical establishment created outside of Obamacare enabled you to have such care.
@SenCoryGardner  do you know when your child will be diagnosed with cancer? Would you want to have to worry about their insurability?
If only there was a party smart enough to endorse Medicare for All. Too bad there isn't. God I hate the DNC so much.
Thank you VOTE NO
LIARS
I've watched this lady question Republicans - She is one hateful, mean-spirited woman!
How much did she pay out of pocket for her major illness? Oh thats right. Shes a rich politician with free welfare health ins. She paid zero
Thank you for standing up for us Senator Hirono. I wish you the best in your fight with cancer
Certainly @realDonaldTrump is less than one diagnosis away from a major mental illness.
Not the same healthcare.  The Congress is not one diagnosis from crushing healthcare. Preaching to the choir.
Under Obamacare,  you would be sentenced to die due to your age
When will ALL in Congress be covered under #ACA ? You should pass no legislation that you're exempt from.
And Hatch is mentally counting how much of that $400 mil from the Kochs he'll get.
Your healthcare is not our healthcare.
@senorrinhatch & @SenMikeLee why do you still support this bill?  I work too hard for you to steal my healthcare!

Pay attention she is right!  You may think you have good employer based HC, but that can change in a minute!  #ProtectOurCare
YES! It would be devastating!!! So why pish single payer now??? You are just giving them ammo to pass their bill!!! You are HELPING them!!!
If you are in your late 40's or 50's you are either effected by a family members health or a close friend. HealthCare should be a right.
Really? Obamacare bankrupted me. House in foreclosure. Yet u fine me very tax year. How progressive! Obamacare is a travesty.
Truth!
I am also a Kidney Cancer survivor
So True it's sad.Destroys entire families & no one cares.
@GiGicmka @maziehirono you're my hero!!!!
One of my heroes.
Diagnosis = THE LEFT IS GRAVELY MENTALLY ILL. THEY ARE ALL DISABLED AND NEEDING A LOBOTOMY, STARTING WITH THIS BITCH.
Fight. We must fight. Or we die.
GOP have cut enrollment period in half, they have cut advertising by $90 mil. They are trying to make it fail even if they can't pass bill
God bless you 
Thanks Sen Hirono, you speak for many of us who also thought we were healthy, only to find we were about to begin the fight for our lives.
@GeorgeTakei Unfortunately the ACA has been devastating for me as I can't afford the premiums! No insurance 4 hospital bills!
You’re a brave woman! Thank you for fighting for us!  healing prayers for you 
Fighting for us all as she fights for her life. #realamericanhero #resist
#RegularOrder is NEEDED
You're right. I didn't think I would get sick... Alas, I did. But, I am much better now. :) I hope it works out for you all. I really do.
no truer word spoken...
Thank you, Senator. Best wishes for a full recovery.
This right here! I have been saying this over and over. Anyone who thinks they are exempt from the evil of the GOP bill are naive.
@SenateGOP Vote No on #GrahamCassidyBill  This bill is much to dangerous to too many people. Must vote NO for the people!
tell me. did stabenow get her face lift from obamacare? and is mccain being treated under obamacare? what is good 4 us is good 4 CONGRESS
God bless you Senator Hirono for speaking on my behalf and for standing up to defend millions of Americans right to health care in the USA.
Except for folks like myself who can't afford it. Thanks progressives!
Liberal is a major illness lol
Why do Dems trust states with immigration and marijuana policy, but not to know what is best for their own citizens healthcare?
Absolutely true. Had this time & again in my family. Do not discount this @SenateGOP. Your constituents will experience it, if not already.
Love you, Mazie!!!
Youth are 1 drink and 1 stop sign away from their mighty health.
Agreed!
Senator Hirano U R SO RIGHT!  Thank you for MAKING IT REAL!  You are a HERO to MANY!
Your opening statement was honest, heartfelt, appreciated by so many. Thank you for courage, Senator. 
Thank you Sen for stepping up especially at a time that is medically crucial to your own health #NoGrahamCassidy
So, you want universal healthcare?
Thank you for speaking up !
Just one. I was a super healthy person. I ran marathons, ate well, took care of myself. Then an unexpected diagnosis. #GrahamCassidyBill
Medicare4All remains the only truly equitable solution. It’s a right that all of us deserve.
False. Very very very untrue
FIGHT FIGHT FIGHT!!!
Thank you, Senator @maziehirono, for fighting against this bill! Your courage should not be forgotten.
She speaks the truth!
