You aren't my Senator, but I appreciate that you interact with your constituents & you bring dignity & class to the Senate, everyday. 
Very proud she is our Senator 
The Paris Agreement is a leftist political solution to a scientific issue. Elites want to control & dominate the US economy by coercion. NO
Donald Trump is actively working to abdicate America's standing as the worlds superpower. What do you suppose that cost Russia and China?
What about a tribute to Memorial Day
More than position as a World Leader, reversing climate threat takes sustained international cooperation. This is about our future & safety.
Which Trump is abdicating.
We already lost that shit.
Biggest military..yes.. Leader? Don't think so anymore
Withdrawal will accelerate climate change and human extinction, and will be treated as a crime against humanity
I'm sorry @SenKamalaHarris
The real free world doesn't want to be lead by #OrangeTanTrump
That position is no longer available to the U.S
Yeah, I'm afraid our position as world leader was forfeited on 11/8/16. Because emails. And "economic anxiety." 
@RepMimiWalters your constituents are watching what you do to uphold your conviction that climate change is real.
Senator, can California come out with our own statement endorsing Paris Climate Accord? We, too, are a strong world leader and economy.
Oh no, that's not how it works. Leadership is telling others what they should do and then doing whatever you want. #MAGA
Sadly, under Trump administration, we are no longer world leader. We have to #VoteOutGOP in 2018! Regain our important place in the world...
Lead, yes. But others have to pull their weight.
It is quite evident the USA has lost all credibility and trust with Europe. We the People feel much the same.
@POTUS does not strike me as a world leader! His Jekyll and Hyde actions to date has demonstrated his inability to be an effect CIC.
@realDonaldTrump didn't think of that because he's not a leader. He's a Putin follower. Loser!
LOL, it's all about the money. Between tax breaks for the rich. Secret deals with Russia and Putin. It's not about all the American people.
"Upholding" implies USA still viewed as a world leader. That was destroyed over the last 9 days. All we can do is try to repair the damage.
LMAO, yes for 8 years the Black guy in the White House paid down the Debt! Because White guys put tax breaks & wars on the credit cards!
Maybe CA can sign
What position as a world leader?
That would imply this country as it stands now knew anything about leadership :(
Failing to uphold #ParisAgreement could be seen as an act of aggression by US against rest of world, for which there could be sanctions.
My god we need to get are Democrats back into office to stop Dump the Trump.
We have gone backwards so much in the last few months....
There goes all our allies. That senile old draft dodger needs to go.
Evidently Russia is it seems 
....Which is no longer the case. Thanks to the fascist GOP via Trump.
Putin has received almost everything he paid for
Omg we're all going to die. Everybody panic!
Sadly, we are no longer a world leader
Keep fight for saving climate agreement!!!! Please
Kind of sends a bad message when you can't follow through with your commitments. Sigh. Please keep fighting to make this right.
Thank You; we are are a World Leader, U.S.A.  In other (Areas,) as well knowingly, Sen.Kamala Harris of California, Just now your Tweet.
Please Read a previous  tweet of mine also, that I'm done writing for today;that tomorrow on the (Holiday) I will finish,Being there ; TRUTH
Being my favorite @MLB Baseball , for more reasons than you can ever IMAGINE; TRUTH, Sen. Harris of Oakland,California
The TEAM ; Pittsburgh,Pirates, @MLB; TRUTH
Which means 45 will abandon it.
Another one bites the dust.
Clearly Russia is happy with past 9 days. So is China. pulling out of Paris Accords is icing on the cake for both.
NATO and G7 nations are banding together to stay strong w/o the US b/c there's no trust or stability in your govt.
We aren't required to uphold it, because the Senate did not ratify it.
Trumpy doesn't care because it's not called the Trump Paris Climate Agreement.  Even then, he probably wouldn't pass it.
If Trump fails to commit to Paris climate agreement we will not be a world leader. We must limit greenhouse gas emissions.
and look at our leader #needwesaymore
We've been cut adrift by Europe.  What in the world are we leading anymore under Trump?
We are no longer a leader. I urge you & fellow dems to do everything in your power to grind govt to a halt & demand accountability
If it's so important than the Senate should ask the President to send it to them to ratify.  I await your press conference demanding that
Yeah, trump doesn't care.
He does not understand that world leadership requires so much more participation than he's willing to give.
Leadership would be shown by withdrawing from the pernicious agreement.
I am afraid the world no longer wants us to join them as a leader.  Sadly our legacy wiped out in less than 6 Trump months.
We lost that Nov 8.
Yeah. That's blown.
Climate change is Bullshit
GOP endorses and embraces banana republic politics, not world leadership.
As a what?? Were you being facetious senator? With due respect, people are looking up to Germany, Canada and even France as world leaders.
You mean our former position as a world leader.
It a foolish deal, Kerry was a fool
@realDonaldTrump Do you hear the WORDS coming out of American's mouths??????
Thanks to #PUTZ45 America is NO longer the leader of the free world!.We're losing ground DAILY! @GOP is now the ENEMY of the American People
The Mercer and Koch brothers paid well to see us pull out
You won't be a world leader again until you get rid of the gangster
trump doesn't want to be one
