Better tell "your friend" @SenBernie. He seems MORE involved in self indulgence of HIS bill MFA. Even touring. DETERMINED TO HURT DEMS/ACA!
All Dems & left-leaning indys need to embrace each other and work together!
Hve serious ? w/ Bernie. Somethings up. Touring on MFA b4 ACA 9/30 vote. Why? OUR REVOLUTION (Bernie) claimed organized Dreamer protest-why?
The Democratic Party needs an overhaul. Most dems right now are spineless neoliberals who care more about gaining #s than actual change
Yes, but are not going 2 b overhauled by man advertised by Brietbart, doesn't release tx retrns and WILL NOT expln $10M single donation!
Get with the program or get pushed out of the way.
GET OUT OF WAY? This is what MY generation and generations before me of Liberals, DID FOR YOU!
Lol! You're taking credit for women's lib, desegregation and civil rights?! Typical Boomer taking credit for stuff their parents did.
I am shouting my support for you! Your work makes me a proud Californian every single day.
Franken/Harris, Schiff/Harris, S.Brown/Harris, Harris/Kennedy, so many maybe even Gillebrand/Harris, for sure HARRIS! 2020!

Fight for her!!
Thank you.
She is adorable and deserves insurance and life and happiness. You deserve less stress and to get rid of the GOP
Thank you, so do we all.
Cute kid. Just think about the 900+ abortions Planned Parenthood does every day, those babies will never grow up. That's sickening.

Ok Debra, keep believing that.  Enjoy supporting the murder of innocent babies who will never grow up. SICKENING!!
They are keeping it hidden again and that’s never a good thing. Why not work it with all people of USA, or at least doctors, hospitals ceo?
Hope you run for President one day.  We need someone like u who’s smart and fights for our rights.  I’d vote for u.
Oh yes! We don't want all those babies creeping around the earth in pursuit of life and liberty. 
You're in league with murderers.
Did you hear his speach
Defund Planned Parenthood, largest killer of preborn human beings … good start.


It will save millions of lives. Only the people who don't want or need insurance will lose it. Obama care. #misinformation
Millions? Lol.... Lying again Kamala......
Keep those calls going-it makes a difference.
Why should taxpayers pay for planned parenthood? Lets fund chiropractors. Also, NO politicians should be exempt from ObamaCare.
Defending PP is good thing. BTW, have you apologised to our President for your wiretap comments, yet?  Hmmm?
If Planned Parenthood or any other private business can't stand on its own without my tax dollars then they should ALL close! #NannyState
It's a non-profit & most federal funds it receives come through Medicaid, not your tax dollars.
So remind me: where do you think Medicaid gets its funds from?
Everyone knows Medicaid gets its funds from the magical giving tree that grows $1000.00 bills in place of leaves. #UsefullidiotsStrikeAgain
I understand that what we pay into Medicaid is a tax. My bad on the phrasing.
The point I was trying to make (and I'll admit I didn't do it well) is that Medicaid doesn't pay for abortions in almost states.
I am sick of old/white/rich/male @GOP telling me what I can/can't do with my vagina, laughing while I go bankrupt trying to keep it healthy.
The white man is after your vagina? I don't think so...keep dreaming.
Soros already gave Planned Parenthood Big Bucks just to thumb his nose at everyone...
Shout on behalf of the unborn who don't have a voice.
Defunding PP is a GOOD thing. Very good thing.
Sounds like you're jealous!  Why?  Don't you like who your party has become?  No one was in the pockets of big pharma more than repubs.
Better rethink that.  Ever bother to check Bernie's campaign monies?  He was top 20 for most taken from big pharma!!
I understand some people are stuck on playing the blame others game. Bernie has never been POTUS.  Google George Bush Big Pharma.
The point is that he took all of that $ while running for president.  You cannot be against big Pharma while lining your pockets with their$
The point?  What point?  The Medicare Bill of 2003 under George W. Bush sealed that deal.
At least Hillary has always been critical of the big Pharma,even as she accepted their donations, as did Bernie. Not Trump. He wants a wall!
Defunding Planned Parenthood would  be awful
We'd be overrun with the children they are killing
& where would bio-biz get fetal body parts?

AHC plan rates going up 40% this next year.  its imploding.  Remember Pelosi. we will read it after its signed. Unsustainable Tax on people.
My senators care more about party than country 
Defund PP. Great, stop soilent green marketers.
Defunding #Planned Parenthood is one of the most important things to do. There are better ways to obtain #healthcare #StopKillingBabies
That's right, kill all the living people instead of allowing a woman to make a very personal, private decision to terminate a pregnancy.
Nobody is killing babies
Pardon. Killing human ppl at the fetal stage.
@SenateGOP Stop ruining our healthcare single payer insurance, if Canada can do it we can do it. Cut out CEO overpaid salaries, pharmaceutic
Canada ?  Home of 37 million asians and white people.  Nothing like here.
I will keep shouting. GOP is deaf. They don't care about us, at all. Let's end this once and for all.
It's about wiping out Obama's Legacy !!!

We won.  Repeal Obamacare.
If u call Trump's landslide 3 million vote lost to Hillary a Win then u sir are a Alternative facts nitwit
It also impacts employer based insurance. It is evil and so are they
You should consent rate on fixing Ca.
You are good at that. The shouting part.
let it collapse because the PEOPLE are going to hang all the politicians anyway.Dem, Repub, ALL OF YOU &We'll Sort you ALL out later w/Banks
Lol Shout all you want loser
Yr paltry's had 7 yrs 2 repair ACA & 44 months of its operatn; yet, it faces implosion. Yr paltry claims 8 mos of DJT engendered disaster.
We are shouting 4 the end of Ovomitscare! Skyrockeeting deductibles/prems, fleeg insurers, & driving beneficiaries 2 Medicaid! Loathesome.
We need to #DumpTheDems and #BuildAWorkersParty. When we do that we will be able to do a hell of a lot more than just "shout truth to power"
I am shouting that I do not want my tax dollars going to support an abortion clinic like Planned Parenthood.
Good riddens to Planned Parenthood!  If you truly care about women and humanity l, come up with a program without abortions in it!
Do a little research before you start with the "if you truly care" stuff. Also, judge not lest ye be judged? Doesn't apply to you?
People who say, "do a little research" are usually  the self centered, egotistical, know-it-all's.  I AM for defunding planned parenthood!
People who make snap judgements about others and insult them rather than try to grow or learn anything usually suck. The most. Of all people
Everyone if you can't get through on the phone lines because the voicemail is full then Tweet and Facebook. #MedicareForAll
The holocaust in America. Millions of fully formed babies killed every year for profit in our country. Funding abortion is wrong. 
How can someone old enough to vote be this misinformed? It's very scary.
That's the only part of it I'd vote for. #DEFUNDPlannedABORTIONHOOD  You want to kill your baby, you pay for it! No taxpayer  to fund PP
Those of us who voted for President Trump, voted to DEFUND ABORTION PERIOD  NO tax dollars to a big money making business killing babies!
Planned Parenthood should be defunded.
Does it physically hurt you to tell the truth? There has to be some reason to explain why everything you say is a flat out LIE!!
What now??  Any response??
You're a liar you knew about our president being wiretapped and LIED to us all #shameful

Claims that #GrahamCassidy-Heller-Johnson doesn't cover pre-existing conditions -- #FakeNews on steroids! https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/910641701064204288 …
Here we go. Defund planned parenthood!
Yes, just sleep your way to the top. Oops did I say sleep
If Planned Parenthood can afford to donate to Democrat campaigns, it NEEDS to be DEFUNDED.
We don't want to pay for the murder of babies. We have integrity.
This is your main concern?
With  all of Trump's handling of the, USA?
Killing babies is not healthcare. Quite the opposite.
Why fund plan parenthood when everyone will have access to health care with Obamacare.
I've shouting at other Senators, yet feel confident my senator (you!) gets it. But just in case, @KamalaHarris, Vote No on Graham-Cassidy!
Thank you, Madam President.
We need to defund planned parenthood. I don't want to pay for it.
"For every 1,000 live births, non-Hispanic black women had 420 abortions. Non-Hispanic white women had 121 abortions /1,000 live births. "
Defund Planned Parenthood is what we have been screaming for!
Kamala- get on tv- gop are blocking tweets from Americans- just want to pass their insane bill- use whatever necessary to get out the word
Encouraging contraception helps make abortion rare reduce healthcare burden & alleviate cycle of poverty & crime.  GOP group of psychopaths.
Oh so it's a shouting match you want? AHHHHHHHHH AHHHHH I'm beating you AHHHHH
Our faces. My husband -heart attack survivor, Elk Grove, CA
Her face. 15 years old. Agorophbic, debilitating anxiety w/panic attacks. Dependent on mental health care.
His face. My son. Anaphalxys. Severe and life threatening food allergies. Must carry epinephrine at all times.
My son , 11 years old.
THANK YOU!!!!!!!!
Who are YOU to make this statement? You just voted to shift MORE funding to the military-industrial complex. You're a hypocrite!
Unbelievable
Pay for your own #babykilling. When does your apology tour begin? Yeah, never? #LiberalLunatic
Agree
Thank you Kamala!! Keep fighting for us!!
Trump care with red lipstick lets defeat it #donotfallasleep!
need  a gop  senator race  to be hammered at  the  polls
More bad healthcare...
My Senators turned off their faxes
YAY!!
#America, send the Bill Back To Senders. Poisonous Fruits of the Tree Doctrine. #Malthusian Bill.
"Peanut butter sandwich?" "No, I'm allergic to peanut butter." "How about a peanut butter cookie then?"
Defund Planned Parenthood!!!
Yeah, I'm shouting to defund Planned Parenthood.  You can't have it both ways liberal people.
Wtf r you talking about? Also, again, what gives you the balls to think have a right to get involved in personal health decisions 4 women?
The racist Planned Parenthood stop the madness
We need everyone calling. Everyone!
Graham and his fellow sinister frauds don't care what Bill does or how many it kills as long as they pass something to fund tax cuts.
Planned parenthood in Texas is nonexistent.
It seems like everything the GOP does is basically treason.
Call your senator let them know you oppose this bill. People are already struggling w/ cost of insurance and premiums w/ stagnant wages#stop
they are desperate to pass anything before 2018.  resist!  persist!  insist!
Plan parenthood kills babies! I do not want my taxes to fund it
Congress has to have the same healthcare as the rest of our society - this give America crap but keep their great health care is Bull Shite
When people start dying I want graveyards to be setup in every republican's front yard. That are such assholes All of them
Lol I will gladly pay for that. Just to prove you idiots wrong.
Stop flying the crying flag, people are sick of it.
@SenKamalaHarris 2020 
The pro life party against maternity care?
If Sen Harris had to purchase a silver obamacare plan it would cost her $1,845/month with $14,000 deductible. Instead she pays $575/year.
If I were you my fellow Americans, I would research because Sen Harris doesn't give a damn she only pays $575/year for her families ins plan
73 counties lose obamacare starting Jan 2018 No HC available!  ACA costs for 21yr old $285/m, 45yr old$400/m, 64yr old $830/m!  WTF Senator!
So glad Kamala Harris loves giving our money to killing innocent babies! Disgusting!
Did you really vote yes on the defense bill ?!!!! Why !?????
Be Real! A LOT WarBusiness in Cali.! U think all her Campaign $ came fromCommonFolks She WarParty "Lib-Prog Dems wing, like Hillary
BS Alert!  First off people Senator Harris pays $575/yr zero deductable for her plan Tricare Prime.   If you earn $15/hr u pay $360/m why?!!

how is planned parenthood, healthcare ?
To whom now? I have called GOPs cuz you are my senator, I know that you will vote for me. BUT WHAT NOW? THEY DON'T CARE ABOUT PPL.
Planned Parenthood has been of zero help to me and my friends in Texas screw them they are a scam
On top of that my deductible is so high I can hardly use it. So I'd like to know what you my senator has to offer. Cooperation, do it.
So what is your health care bill, Obamacare? Because for me, making $20,000 a year I paid $4,000 to your health care. You people make me.
If you're only making 20K/year in CA, you would qualify for Medicaid.
When have I heard this before? Oh, every time the Dems play scare tactics. Millions will die. Right.

#GrahamCassidy
CALL ALL UNDECIDED GOP
https://www.senate.gov/senators/contact/ …
Where Republicans stand on Graham-Cassidy @CNNPolitics …
I made calls today. Sen Harris, I voted for&support you. Pls be wary of Bernie. His bill is very bad timing w/RHC bill, gives Rs ammunition
Agreed but! Where were you and where are you for #SinglePayerNow @SenSanders pushed it but you went #Clinton #progressive #demexit
Thanks for enlightening me on this one!
Made calls today. Emails and calls tomorrow. If they vote for it, we vote them out.
Fund everything except abortions
But cover Viagra no doubt.
Start writing your senators and. Congressman through resist bot
You're my Senator and I'm shouting at you. Give 'em hell, Kamala! And @SenFeinstein and @RepAnnaEshoo
ONE MORE TIME FOR THE PEOPLE IN THE BACK: Planned Parenthood kills children #PPSellsBabyParts
Matt, you look young. Planned Parenthood absolutely does not sell baby parts. In fact, there are no parts to sell. Who told you this?
Glad u voted for that $700 billion military budget tho. How's it getting paid for again?

@SenJohnMcCain @SenateGOP @SenateFloor @SenateDems Vote w/ majority of Americans by voting NO on Cassidy-Graham healthcare #KillTheBill
Just another leftist asshole shouting....we can all do better than obamacare....don't you get it????

Fuck yeah I'd fist bump too. But because it's the right choice and it's saving Americans and America. XD
Good. Why can't PP operate like Saint Jude's? They serve 1000s of kids no fed funding. How'd they manage that!?
If Collins, McCain, Lee, and others do right thing we r ok.  Keep an eye on them.
Why is Ami Bera supporting it? You need to call him ASAP!
I CALLED, EVERYONE WHO CAN, PLEASE CALL. THIS IS THE WORST BILL THEY HAVE  COME UP WITH &THEY HAVE WRITTEN SOME REALLY BAD ONES. SAY VOTE NO
Called Corker and Alexander... deaf ears. What else can I do?
We in KY trying. McConnell's phones not answered & voice mail full. He doesn't care one bit that we want to keep & fix ACA. Despicable!
Were you concerned when the ACA threw MILLIONS off their Plans??  #hypocrite
SHOUTING!!
The Trumpcare proposal would cause more harm than all the hurricanes that have affected the US in the last century
I wrote to my Senator and explained that his re-election depended on stopping the diabolical republicans.
A vote on the disastrous Graham-Cassidy health care bill needs to be delayed until a final CBO score has been provided. This is the bill:
We're doing our part please DEMS do yours
When you feel concerned that the repeal of ACA is is becoming more probable you bring up defunding PP. Same old argument.
Good. Abortion is murder.
I hear unborn babies shouting "someone save me"! Defund Planned murderhood and O care. MAGA
No. You need to get money the hell out of our politics. That includes for your damn self.
It cuts all current health spending over 10 yrs until there is nothing left. Graham-Cassidy is a full repeal dressed as "cost savings"
Wonderful...defund Planned Parenthood forever!
Called Ryan's office; mailbox is full ofcourse . Not gonna stop though
Another people killer wealthcare bill from GOP
Get it done we don't need PPH DO YOUR JOBS REPUBLICANS
For what ,millions done now
We all need healthcare asap for all that bad radiation crap after Trumptydumpty gets his nuclear war, or is he a nucular guy?
@DanaRohrabacher has his fax turned off or not answering. Have been trying for 2 days with @botresist
Vote@for@it. Defund planned parenthood for good
Abort your account
That's what normal Americans want.
It's amazing how a senior citizen in the White House and senior citizens in govt can seek to strip seniors of health care. #GrahamCassidy
good lets it defund Planned Parenthood. I am all for it.
Yes ..SHOUT LOUD AND CLEAR....DEFUND Planned Parenthood.  #maga
You and Booker both voted YEA to pump 700 Billion Dollars into the military. WTF
your SHOUTING is worthless what we need is ACTION Dems have NO proposals no ideas no deals NOTHING to offer they're as accountable as Reps
I hate when you call dropping the mandate ripping away healthcare. It's totally disingenuous. Say opt out plz or else it's a lie
