I'd rather discuss it with my doctor!!
Frankly it's noneya' business!
It is Congress' business to ensure everyone has access to healthcare. GOP legislators are trying to deny healthcare to 23 million Americans.
Health care is not a right
It is NOT Congress' business. Read the #Constitution. Health care and all other private matters are the responsibility of PRIVATE CITIZENS
Halfway through the 1st sentence of the Constitution: "promote the general welfare".

Ensuring access to healthcare is a key part of that.
"General welfare" does not mean go into further debt & spend your children's money & force ACA on people who dont want it. That's tyranny.
I'm sure you're one of those who are too cheap for Ins. (Might cut into your NASCAR $) but stick us with your bill when you get sick. 
I sense hatred in u @tusconblonde.Y do u assume so much? Ur labels dont release you from liability to future generations who will pay 4 #ACA
No. Our EMPLOYERS are the ones we PRIVATELY work with for OUR health care. We DONT WANT YOU in our personal affairs! #Repeal #ACA #Liberty
Problem is, employers don't want to pay for healthcare. Wall Mart, McDonald's, etc. you think people get health benefits there??
Our government is subsidizing Wal Mart employee health care through Medicaid. Is this the system you stand for?
Supporting peoples health care does not mean take from others to do it. It's stealing. It's wrong. https://constitutionmythbuster.com/2011/05/09/what-does-the-general-welfare-clause-really-mean/ …
Companies like Walmart are literally stealing 6 billion a year from tax payers, because they don't pay a living wage, or offer benefits
Wal Mart should help THEIR workers.More burden should rest on private companies,NOT the tax payer.See? Common ground CAN be found for us 
Wake the fuck up. Wal Mart will not help their workers. They are legally obligated to maximize profits for their shareholders.
Well that's not nice. Profanity NOT necessary. You just lost any argument and validity you could have had due to your incivility. Good day.
Shameful both Senators from Texas don't give a damn about healthcare for constituents! They are covered. Far too many Texans are NOT!
The same holds true for ALL the Republicans that want to repeal the ACA rather than improving it. SHAMEFUL!
Please run for POTUS! :-)
2020
You damn sure don't work for me.  Keep Cali for yourself
I'm voting for you in 2020!!!  You MOST CERTAINLY represent me. #pleaserunagainstthisasshat
I sure hope you're running in 2020. We need a leader now, not later. Time to get busy is now!
As I said earlier. Kamala it's time to get york. 2019 is to late. I like Harris/Kennedy
Or Harris/Schiff would work too!
Or Harris/franken love him
No,U really don't.When Trump blows up in your face you will look around to see America has become a dystopian soc.Congress lacks Moral fiber
HARRIS /KENNEDY 2020
We support you!
You are my rep and I feel fortunate to have u rep our state. What scares me are the other reps who are blinded to serve for the greater good
Please clone yourself and install versions in every state so that you can replace the disgraceful Senators everyone else has.
Thank you so much!
Madam President. I'll never forget the help you gave me and my family. Murrieta, Ca.
Did you just call her "President"? No sorry, Trump is president wether you like it or not. Or u claiming elections don't matter?
Kamala = stooge in training
I'm still waiting for you to tell me why my Health Ins went up 50% and I could not see my doctor well Kamala I'm waiting you lying fraud
Please run for POTUS in 2020! We need great progressives like yourself in leadership.
American assume your position and embrace for a shock!!!
YES!!
healthcare and welfare of the people are the responsibility of elected representatives to the people of America.thats why you vote.why else?

Made this spreadsheet w/ local office #s of house/senate to use if D.C. voicemail or lines are busy. CALL LOCAL!!!
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1aNTEvz2N5il81uN5O18zEkvYVWAo9O-ObSS6akdBRuI/pubhtml# …
I demanded an answer, the answer I got was I'm going to vote Yes from my imbecile @SenToddYoung he is lockstep party line
Are you familiar with @botresist ? Check it out; helps individuals contact representatives. And, Kamala, thank you for your hard work.
uh we do: of you! never would you exclaim #SinglePayer sorry this is 2017- #CorporateDemocrats are out
Obama destroyed the system & now you rant as if Dems are not complicit in the current disaster.
#LightUpThePhonesForACA They work for us!!!
My senator @SenRonJohnson only tells us lies and will not have a #townhall
@SenKamalaHarris Calling again today on my first break at work! I know all my #TheResistance tweeps will call (202)224-3122 #NeverRepeal
Well, about half of you work for us. The other half work for greedy bankers.
Then why did your party pass a law that destroyed my health care?  Liar.
Glad to hear that some remembers who works for whom. I with you on this.
I talked to my wall.  I found it more receptive.
Start a facebook page asking people to give their stories about how the ACA has helped them
Can we start demanding Impeachment of this Psycho in the WH? Boyscout speech just went waaaay too far!!!
How about- We demand to know why you and your fellow Dems are not supporting #MedicareForAll ? What's up with that?
We pay you to represent us not to screw us over think before you do  no regrets latter
Wait...did you say work for us..the people? I'm sorry, just not accustomed to such respect of late. Thank you.
Thank you for fighting on behalf of people like my mom.
Thanks for being a good senator who looks out for people.
You are a woman of integrity. Thank you. So needed in these times.
You and Joe Kennedy should run on same ticket for POTUS!!!
God bless you and keep doing what ur doing.
In MA @SenWarren-opioid addiction out of control, HC premiums skyrocket, roads/bridges r garbage, Her CFPB is fraud
Thank you for your leadership Senator.
Unfortunately I'm dealing w/ @SenatorCruz_ .Still #NotMySenator.
Ha, sorry time for sleep. I meant, I am sorry, battling the same issues here. Keep speaking up. Not certain what Be safe was.
What's your answer? Why haven't you co-signed the single payer bill? Too busy "protecting Obamacare??" You sound like Hillary
Okay, what are you Kamala Harris going to do to strengthen ACA ?
Thank you Ms. Harris #MuchRespect #CaliforniaStrong
Just sent you a fax. Thanks for keeping up the good fight!
Cut the crap you'd vote NO regardless. If u like your doctor, you can keep your doctor
Yeah right. If so u would have stopped the fake election. You all knew. What do they have on everyone?
You work for the Clintons and Soros.
Thank you senator!! You are the only politician I have ever heard say this
Be proud. You show us that you back up your words with actions.
That sounds good. Why don't I believe you?
but whatever you guys never read the stuff you don't care what we think we're just sub humans not the 1%
because the Congress and Senate seem to only work for the corp overlords because they're in debt it 2 them for their bribes
I think the only way to salvage this country is to remove all financing other than government financing from campaigns
only about corporate speech not real humans
are you sure I don't see a corporate logo on my head you guys seem to only work for corporations these days citizens United
Ewww.  Kamala, be careful .. some perv in the senate wants to duel fight (aka sword fight) the female senators

Will you urge Rendon to get off his duff and let California set the precedent of  SB562, Medicare for All? Not demand just an ask.
@realFireNunes Really! Can you plez inform the rest of them that. They think they r there 2 just have GREAT benefits/perks
I am happy I voted for you!
And start pointing out to those still clinging to idea of repealing...that many ACA created healthcare jobs will be repealed as well.
Not true! I am not gay, not a woman. not an immigrant, not a criminal or accused of a crime so you are not interested in people like me.
Is there a way to see how reps plan to vote?
I love you KH
Darn right You work for us. So, tell us. What legislation have you sponsored? how many became law? How many are non partisan?
Will do your job and vote it's not that hard repeal Obamacare
Nasty girl
#KeepKidsCovered
Destructive redistribution entitlements must change.  Obamacare+
http://www.investors.com/politics/commentary/medicare-and-medicaid-are-both-in-a-sickly-state-at-50/ …
We do. But you keep making the right decisions so we don't feel like we need to nag you. 
PLEASE CALL  YOUR REPRESENTATIVES & DEMAND ACTION! 
Contact Your Elected Officials
We need water storage in California
Tell that to the guy who thinks he's your boss...he seems to forget who he works for too. Grrrrr
No sorry Trump remembers, he was elected to get rid of Obama care. Not our fault you believe BS about 23mil dying if it's repealed, educate
I do, you don't return calls, nor emails
Thank you .@SenKamalaHarris
And yes- I will keep demanding- because many will suffer if Obamacare does not END!!
You are my CA representative- I am writing as a healthcare professional in your state- Obamacare is a disaster and must end!
You work for us? Where's YOUR input for improvement? You obstruct but offer nothing. Mad Max 2.0
For those interested, read the bill, then you'll be able to understand it and get the answers your questions https://www.budget.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/BetterCareJuly13.2017.pdf …
Help us get rid of the nightmare we call POTUS.
I had great health care before the ACA! Now I'm paying 1,100 a month. What's your answer to my problem?
I have and my Democrat rep says he never voted for Obamacare, but he refuses to vote for any republican solution even if he agreed with it.
@SenKamalaHarris Thank you for standing up for H.C. Our lives depend on it!
Thank you for saying it. It would seem like a large number of Senators are not aware that they work for the people but think they work for T
Then why did YOUR party destroy health care?  Oh crap, you forgot that little tidbit didn't you?
Wish the guy in the white house knew and acted like it. He's not for all the people, only his base. This has gone far enough. #BoyScouts.
Cancel Obama care destruction then over
FYI:  And we LOVE that YOU work for us!!!!!
That was my Dem slogan!
Why are all Politicians exempted from it ?
Because it is bad !
Read it !
single payer. only.
Sad that others don't know this. And after Trump's actions today, they should ALL MUST VOTE NO!
Ins Comp pull out of it
But Citizens are fined for not paying into it
What is wrong with that pic?
Rebuttal ?
Calif has it's own !
Sheesh !
@marcorubio doesn't act like he works for Floridans he refuses to answer phones or hold a town hall I'm not kidding!
I think I know your answer! Thank you for your hard work on this issue!
But when we ask you about #singlepayer you obfuscate. Do you work for us or not?
The ACA was nothing more than a Scam
Just another False Bailout
If it went in front of SCOTUS
It would be deemed Un-Constitutional
Fact !
One of my senators, @RoyBlunt , refuses to listen to his constituents and forgot he works for us, not this despicable president.
#SinglePayerNow and the Dems will sweep
Respectfully, @SenKamslaHarris, time for you and yours to carry it over the finish line.
We *are* demanding answers. Why are you ignoring us?

https://twitter.com/watchmannn/status/889518613387919360 …

#MedicareForAll
So then where are you on #MedicareForAll? You can make the case for it while fighting the #AHCA #MondayLackOfMotivation
Healthcare should never have been taken over by the Feds,It is up to each State to deal with,Read the Constitution,One size does not fit all
Yes ma'am thank you 
What are you offering me for my health CARE? Actually I'd like health insurance reform, health care is great in the USA
OK. Answer this: When you bent knee to billionaires this weekend at the Hamptons, did you support #SinglePayer? We see you, Clintonista.
Uh oh, Mark's on to you Kamala!
We hate the democrats for destroying out healthcare
My Senator doesn't seem to think he is responsible for answering to his constituents, just the Koch brothers.
Can someone remind McConnell and Ryan?  They seemed to have forgotten.  And Trump is too narcissistic to care.
We know that GOP stands for Greed Over People, can we count on you guys to come out with a solution to healthcare, Kamela?
Thank the heavens you are my Senator. I am blessed. (Your staff is awesome too.)
Or do you propose forcing worse care than our government provides to our best at the VA?
That what you want? For the unwashed masses. Not U.
Thank you!
No comment on @realDonaldTrump's inappropriate speech to The @boyscouts ?
Yes y'all do! Sad commentary when we about have to burst a blood vessel to get #answers #TownHall
I am so angry that they are voting on this health care bill this way. They should vote it down and put in on REGULAR ORDER
I just called Rubio, for what it's worth.  :-(
Acknowledged: @CSPAN
What is in the bill you are voting on tomorrow?
Senator, you and all my reps are voting no already. This is a nightmare. Praying you have a back-up plan.
Why do you oppose making our healthcare better?
Obamacare wasn't your fault.
Call it what it is, get it gone & replaced with better.
No?
Acknowledged @CSPAN
Back to Apt. Sen. Kamala Harris, @FOX SPORTS @MLB Pregame @Pirates vs @Giants,  Watching TRUTH
9:06pm @MLBnetwork  TONIGHT, Around the Horn/ League Coverage, instead of actual Game.TRUTH
Thank you Sen Harris!!! Feel really grateful to have you as my senator.
Funny, DJT thinks congress works for him.
Thanks for your concern, but I'm Canadian, so I'm OK when it comes to Health Care.
BTW, you are one of my favourite US Senators. Yourself, McCain, A. King, Bernie and Kasach. S. Collins is moving up too. Quite the mix, Eh!
My bad, Kasich is the Governor of Ohio, DAH!
We appreciate you and we need you, Senator.
Yes! @SenateMajLdr - do you remember that the state that benefited most from Medicaid Expansion is KY? You work for us.
Thank You Sen. Kamala Harris!
You haven't worked for the working middle class for years. It's why your slogan won't work and you'll be voted out at the end of your terms.
