Senator Harris bring Pruitt in to testify on his conflicts of interests with Fossil Fuel Industry re: his insidious statements  CO2 Methane
No no no no no, just stop. We need a real winner like @CoryBooker or one of the Castro Brothers. Not the Cuban ones!
You think you're doing good but notice the noise ref @SenSanders. The vulture r out to discredit him. We need White Knights not White sheets
Scott Pruitt & Trump regime rolls back protective legislation 2 line the pockets of the top %: increasing division of wealth &endangering us
India put a 5 yr ban in 2010 after Dow was caught bribing to sell chloropyrifos. Wonder where it stands. Wikipedia has some info
True. It'd science facts how it affects kids
Plz make sure this happens. An universal ban on any ingredients shown to be carcinogenic, bad for kids or dangerous should be covered.
He won't.
Thank you Kamela! For fighting for us day in & day out. It must be exhausting! So thank you!
I ain't no scientist but when the company that makes it donated to your campaign and sponsors Pruitt I'd worry. Like killing kids do ya?

Where do I sign? First to ban the pesticide, second to get rid of Pruitt?
Please do!  selling products that poison people should be illegal.
While your at it can you reinstate the lead paint regulations. America would be most grateful.
We NEED YOU to be our PRESIDENT!!!!!!!
Nebraska Sen Fischer supports Pruitt's pesticide rollbacks-Pence's theocracy, DT's authoritarianism-doesn't like voters
They hv taken an oath to uphold constitution- basic right to life n health. RESIGN if they can't hold up their side of social contract. SMH
Oh he doesn't care. Chesapeake Energy is his subconscious. He sees no issue with his policies bc it will make him rich. You know this.
TRUMP: "It causes@brain damage in CHILDREN. They'll be fine when they grow out of it."
@EPAScottPruitt probably another Christian dude. Let the kids die as long as he gets his in life. F-ck em kids.
It only causes brain damage to children. I'm not sure what the big deal is?
Why are the republicans rolling back all of our protections? I just don't understand! & they call themselves pro-life? Only if it's a fetus!
Yes please. The data on this is indisputable. The Trump admin doesn't understand data.
Scott Pruitt--like rest of cabinet--unfit for job and works to undermine public health, safety & regulations. Public apathy will b our doom.
Do a little photoshop touch up & make them albino crocodiles  then you'll be spot on!
Please do!  We need someone to stand up to big business and their harmful products.
Thank you!! This is so very important!
He's bent on destroying the EPA. Unlike the guy in office, we read; we listen.
Hey can you get some clean water for #Flint?
Freedom is not worth having if it does not include the freedom to make mistakes.
Thank you!  Save American children from chlorpyrifos !!!
We will have too..
Trump threatened GOP.theyre scared.starting repeal again!! Thought they couldn't. WTH?!back to protests. Calling.
Thank you!!!
You go girl!!!
The EPA is corrupt!
Pruitt got picked because he WON'T do what's right. We need people who will do the correct thing for the country and world.
Hurray for Tom Udall! He's one of the good guys! Thanks for supporting this bill!!
Scotty is just another incompetent #trumpster Selling out the American People for his own profit motives.
Scott Pruitt -- climate liar
WTF.  Are they being threatens by the rich people they owe favors too for those tax cuts. This is the most insane obsession I've ever seen
That entire REPUBLICAN party are snakes for the exception for a few. They're beyond ruthless. There's greed & there's inhuman compassion
Thank you!!
Down right Extortion?

Trump threatens to end Obamacare payments unless repeal passes
My advice... let @IvankaTrump see what this can do to children. May helpmay not. If not it'll show that her so called being upset about
Those kids in Syria being gassed was all a load of shit!
I say this because it seems as all sorts of Repubs want to kiss trumps ass and he'd act all savior like about it. That's be bad too I guess
Thanks!! 
Hmmn, just like dems stood up for the lwas filled water in MI?
This is a crock!
Let me rephrase for clarity, what the Senator says is a crock!
Mr.Pruitt has no business being the head of the EPA he'd dunk his own mother in a vat of the stuff for a dollar
GET YOUR GEAR READY..W need u 2 make a RUN 4 PRESIDENT
Thank you!
Thank you future President! 
Senator Kamala Harris for President  2020!!!
Senator, I truly thank God that you are keeping watch on our behalf. Thank you for all that you do!
Good.  Because he won't.  Might hurt someone's bottom line.
THANK YOU @SenKamalaHarris
How can any human being allow this to happen?! And all for the increased profits of corporation.
Uh senator, looks like we might be blow in up the phones again. Please make them stop!
Yes, please make them stop
"No I will not make out with you...I'm trying to listen to Mr Chlorophyll here and she's tryin to make out with me"
Jeez, ask him if he would use this stuff at his home. What's wrong with him
Pruitt & the Trump admin want to take us back to 70s pollution levels because they don't care about the Earth nor our children. So Asinine.
Excellent! it is a neurotoxin pesticide brought to you by Dow Chemical. We and our children need protection from these type of chemicals
Please, please do this.
If it kills Roaches I could sure as hell use it I'm being threaten by my local Democrat control piece of shit government in Indianapolis.
Time we weed out all bad seeds! Other countries are trying to undermine us!
you know the ddt ban was/is responsible for million of death?  Do gooders, killing those without.
@DNC @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems own Obama care 

Tell all that die from if YOU did it to them 

Vote your #criminal party home or prison
Hear ye hear ye
Good
Scott Pruitt and Donald Trump were exposed to chlorpyrifos as children. So there's the reason they are so hell bent on being stupid.
Thank u Senator. Can U PLS push 4 those members of Congress want 2 #FIXACA & solidify 1/6 US ECON, NOT go on Break.Dems should hold GOP resp
Bout time
Poison air and water, more guns, no healthcare. It's the #DeathByGOP agenda tri-fecta
Can you please just say something about making higher education more affordable

Give him hell!
