I hate the way you were treated yesterday.
Rubio got it right...Curious the ONLY thing not leaked is that Trump is NOT under investigation.
How's it going trying to find out who is doing all the leaks to the media? These are the only real crimes that have surfaced so far.
We're you proud of Comey throwing Loretta Lynch under the bus for directing him to use "Matter" not Investigation for Hillary's email?
When you decided to run for US Senator, is this what you pictured? ;)
Persist. Don't stop. You undoubtedly acquired a massive support base from across the country yesterday. We the people have your back.
....even though my mind is already made up regardless of what I hear.
LOL LOL LOL keep talking to yourself
I am a constituent & you continue to impress. We here in CA49 are working to do our part to #FlipThe49th in 2018. #ShePersisted
Keep persisting!
You did well. Thanks for the robber analogy. Apt. #ComeyHearing #Russiagate
Thank you Sen Harris 
Dear you clearly DO NOT CARE about the American people ONLY the anti Trump agenda!
Thank you. I am worried about the AHCA act right now, too, though.
And on your way out you thought oh my Loretta should go to jail
But they won & don't care about how it went down
Thank you!
No, your thoughts, "how can I steal the spotlight"
Why is the attorney of trump getting rebuttal time on national tv?
You go!
The public is still in the dark. I appreciate your effort.
You looked weak, because there was no legal wrong doing, so it came off as a desperate attempt to get a political sound bite.
I'm just trying to make a name for myself.
I like you. Hang around a while, please.
You go woman.we're behind you.
What were your thoughts when cyborg #McCain began malfunctioning?
And what happened?
PLZ dont stop. Their refusal2 answer....PUSH the public has no confidence angle fr this, in their facez!!! more we see, more will realize
And your thoughts leaving?
hope you get your answers in closed session!!!
By insinuation that expressing hope in the course of a casual conversation and conflict involving a deadly weapon are equivalent?
Comey: Loretta Lynch gave the impression that she was aligning with the Clinton campaign
Finally you followed my advice on how to get the truth out
Let the witness answer w/o interruption is what it is all about
Thank you! You go!!!!
Truth and extra Truth we all need no matter what bs you have to spew
Do it, queen
Will you have a breakdown when your bogus questions bring to light proving #PresidentTrump did nothing wrong? #LiberalHack
Are you a lawmaker or Witch Hunter
yes and we heard it POTUS wasn't invoked in any investigations. Finally the truth stop wasting our $$$$$
NOTHING you do today will put you above Chelsea in the D run for potus
"...today is about getting the facts & getting the truth for the American people."

True for Dems. For GOP, it's about vindicating Trump.
Deep breaths Madame Senator. We will have the truth. Thank you for being there for America!
Go get em Senator.
Go get them.  Don't let them try and shut you up today!
Go for it.  We need to get to the bottom of it. I lived in CA during Watergate and this smacks of it.  Don't let up!
I'm ready for another Democrat wet fart. #nothingthere
And don't be silenced by these awful men
rep Cali. 
You mean like Trump is not under investigation by the FBI like so many have said? There's a fact you're ignoring.
YAAAS @SenKamalaHarris YAAAS!
We are behind you senator
You lost that ability long before this day due to your virulent hatred of the POTUS & obstruction of his agenda.  Zero impartiality?
Thanks
Fuck them up Kamala. I'm proud to have voted for you.
Give em hell, and don't take shit from no man!
Hopefully that happens! I'm standing with you!!
Thanks for your questions yesterday despite interuptions.
Kick ass Senator
Thank you for representing us!! Just make sure you are courteous about it!
We already know. Dems are sore losers & want to make a mountain of of a molehill! Dem Vice Chairman said it's not political; everything is!
We need critical thinking and analytical skills to direct this hearing!! Thank you Senator!!
#ShePersisted you are the change America needs!  Keep challenging the established order!
Thank you Senator Harris you are what we need to lead this country - get to the bottom of this please! NO corruption!
You go girl #KamalaHarris don't back down and don't let them intimidate you! You are the only one holding power to account!
Well good luck with that. So far you all get a great big 0 in taking him to tadk
and maybe actually listening to the person
@donnaljen it's step one w a very long way to go
Go get'em!!! We the American public are depending on you!!!!
Hope those men can control their desire to quash a #strongandbright woman. #westandwithKamala
Thank you for persisting!
That's all we want....
Give 'em hell, Kamala!
Thank you and you made us proud yesterday!
Thank you for persisting!

You were absolutely amazing at Wed's hearing. Burr & McCain's attempts to shut you up were more of the same misogyny in DC Go get us answers
You knocked it out of the park yesterday, @SenKamalaHarris! Looking forward to your questions today. #womanpower #ComeyHearing
Thank you! Proud to have voted for you!!
Go Ms. Harris!!!   Go!
You are a rare breed in the Senate these days: a person with integrity. More power to you!
Keep up the good fight for the truth! Ignore those haters to your left and right. They weren't ready for you!!
Feel the fed up American people beside you. Let truth guide day. Let freedom & righteousness squash smug lies. #ComeyDay
Your constituents are behind you.
We can only hope, but hope is scarce.

Especially when the party in charge doesn’t care.
@SenKamalaHarris @50MaDeuce
My thoughts walking into the Comey hearing: today is about getting the facts & getting the truth for the American people.
Then avoid your partisan bullshit in your line of questioning.
Yeah so then let him answer your questions and do not interrupt like you did yesterday. That was unprofessional and Rude! Typical liberal.
We are all behind you today. This is why I bubbled in my ballot next to your name. This very reason.
And I love and respect you for that. Thank you.
Too bad only half the lawmakers questioning Comey today feel the same way ...
Hope the PIGS let you speak today! 
Thank you, Senator @KamalaHarris
We're behind you. Be tough and don't let the Republicans get off track.
Thank you!! dont let them bully him these fkn traitors
You're doing great! Hopefully you get more truth from Comey today than the man-splaining you had to endure yesterday.
I'm proud to have you as my senator.
So proud of you & proud to be a Californian. Hope you had a chat w @SenatorBurr about not interrupting.
Keep standing your ground Senator Harris. You made us proud yesterday!
Protip: when you ask a question take time to listen to the answer
Thank you Sen. Harris
Thank you for zealously representing us
@Christie_D22
Praying for Mr. Comey, and for the people who will be questioning him to do/say the right thing. Put our Constitution before party/politics
Don't let them shush you again!! We are with you, @SenKamalaHarris ! #resist #neverthelessSHEpersisted #neverthelessHEperjured #WeThePeople
Thank you,don't let those insecure ppl affect your brilliance. Your intelligence is refreshing.
Don't let them put you in the corner, Senator! We are counting on you and it is way too late for deference!
So proud to have you represent our state!
Thank you! We deserve the truth.
Yes!..you are incredible..and don't take any shit from them!
Keep fighting, we're with you in spirit.
We're with you!!
thank you. you were terrific yesterday please continue
It's a "Herculean" task but one you're obviously up to Senator! God Speed!
Good luck Senator Harris. Rooting for the truth and facts in CA!
If you act like yesterday and are not respectful to the panel you are acting as a spoiled brat and not representing your constituents well.
we have got your back Senator Harris!
Ask him if he's been threaten or his family
Persist even when the sexists in the Senate try to silence you.
You go girl 
We're SO proud of you! Thank you for fighting for truth and US Constitution! Defending the Republic from enemies both foreign AND domestic!
And we appreciate that,  Senator. Hope the old white men don't try to shut you down like they did yesterday.  They hate powerful women.
And I thank you for that @SenKamalaHarris.
#ShePersists
Thank you. Our democracy is at stake. #ComeyTestimony
You will make us proud. We got your back.
Proud to be represented by @SenKamalaHarris
You are brilliant please keep up the great work for us!
Thank you Sis!!!
hopefully Burr doesn't play misogynist authoritive white man today.
Thank you for your outstanding efforts on our behalf, Senator!
Be a pit bull out there today! You are THE prosecutor for our team. Keep asking the tough questions & demand answers. Love ur grit!!
Seems they're h377 bent on not giving the truth in public. #DontheCon is a mafia organ not presidential.
We have your back 
Would be nice if all felt the same.  Just heard some want to talk about Hillary.  Thanks for what you do.
Please, by all means, continue to persist.
1. Who are the "satellite associates"? 2. Was trump acknowledging that those people did something wrong re: Russia? 3. If so, what?
Keep fighting,
Get to the bottom of it! We have faith in you! Make us in CA proud!! #TeamHarris
Be the boss you are.
Don't be silenced
Thank you Kamala. Ask the tough questions that no one else will.
Thank you for all you do! Ask the tough questions my lady!!!
Thank you Ma'am! Persist, persist, persist!!! 
We love you!
We as in you? Personally l really can't stand her & can't wait for the lawsuit over her atrocious conduct as CA AG. Maybe some jail time?
 you seem bothered #KamalaHarris2020
Represent!
Persist
do us proud
