Ha! Sneaky tactics backfired; was great to watch this unfold live @Cspan! Hopefully, GOP will be #transparent and cooperative now!
Oh! You're also in the Harris brigade? We're all waiting for the stuff unfold.
Gotta luv that she's #misbehaving and not Miss Behaving!
(according to the old boys, that is)
I miss Spicer. :'(
Ah, the Spicemeister, The SpiceMan, TwiceAsSpice...no need for Spicy tears, he'll probably show up as a CNN commentator soon enough.
Why are you not for single payer? You constituents seem to want it.
Some.  Not all.
Most.
You have no data on that because there is no real data.  It is just a claim.

Yes, but this isn't real data. This is known as a push poll. The poll was commissioned by the non-profit backing the legislation and (1)
not by an independent organization which would have also included the fiscal impact in the question.  This poll does not.  Read the poll (2)
question.  It is on the site.  By the way.  I have been pro-single payer for decades.  I just prefer real data with no bias to propaganda.
How is it even possible to bring something to a vote that almost half (if not more) of the Senate has not seen?  I just don't get that.
Sounds like Obamacare
Where where you when @NancyPelosi  pulled the "You can read it when it passes" crap? Double standard much?
@GStar7508 Did you forget Obama care ummm  you have to pass it to find out what's in it?
Again, ask @NancyPelosi how she handled the vote on the #ACA having not known what was in the bill.

I'm aware of the spin offered by by clearly left bias Tommy Christopher of strongly left leaning http://mediate.com 
The transcript though.  It was right there.
...and her troubling statements therein.
The point was to read it in the context in hopes that you would note the implication was different.  No matter.
Still not a net positive.
The point was that the people voting on the bill had weeks to read it and the quote was out of context.  Sen. Harris knows this as well.
Umm...."we need to pass the bill so we can see what's in the bill."
LMAO...that's what they said huh lol
yet you urged congress to vote yes on obamacare stating; "We have to pass Obamacare to see what's in it. Right @NancyPelosi ?
“we have to pass the bill so that you can find out what is in it,”
Like you all did with Obamacare. You are a damn hypocrite
We do not want single payer run by the government.  The government doesn't do anything well, except the military and Obama tried to mess it
Oh wait, we have to pass it first before we know what's in it. Sound familiar?
That's right my brotha! Hypocrisy at its worst!
Why don't they talk about the 72% subsidy they receive for being a small business. Crooks!
You have no right to say that about republicans after how the dems did Obama care...what about the 72% subsidy you get that it ILLEGAL? TALK
It was absurd 7yrs ago too when #obama used an EO to pass the disaster a/k/a #Obamacare I have never seen a party so full of hypocrisy!
Is absurd alright. "We have to pass it b4 we can see what's in it."-Nancy Pelosi The ACA is flawed. It's on democrats.Families can't afford.
There is a tax in the bill, thats why!
...thinking, send in the "Mooch". He will make those GOP "holdouts" an offer they can't understand  
Thank you for voting against Repeal. Now invite Obama to help repair our healthcare plan. He is a gentleman and so smart. Ask him.
So, you're my Senator.  Help me out here.  What happens when you say, "I need to read the bill before voting.  Please give me a copy." ?????
Be proud, lady senator. We beat it back. Rejoice for the Lord is good.
U don't still think @GOP R human beings or that they give a  about anyone or anything but getting NRA & Koch Bros  4 themselves do U?
And 1/5 Of US economy... But what the heck, huh?
Congress didn't even know what was in Obamacare and it got passed and most of you didn't seeen to mind then
my patients are scared..asking for training and dollar store solutions.. who will save their limbs from ravages of diabetes. when pt shows..
..up at ER..the only option left to Dr will be to amputate.. and pt won't have $ for prosthetic..hence..can't work, and will cost govt mo $$
But they aren't. They keep their health care, so they don't care.
.@SenatorEnzi will not yield for questions. He knows it hasn't been evaluated in 1 hour & with 1/6th our economy on the line, no questions?
She is a joke

.@SenateGOP should not pass #SkinnyRepeal so the House can pass & send straight to the President--w/o consideration, hearings, scoring. 

12 patient orgs with 1 message: #SkinnyRepeal will be “devastating blow to our health insurance system & the Americans who depend on it” 

The @SenateGOP “skinny bill” is here and it’s exactly as wretched as we thought it’d be. 
Dear Sen Harris,  the only people that it will help are the middle class who you no no
Sorry, know nothing about 
Kamala H how can it be that you did not read it ?Did you requested and was not send to you ?That is not by the law all rep had to read it
We have to pass the bill to find out what's in the bill....Oh, I'm sorry I was quoting Nancy Pelosi from the passage of Obamacare in 2009!
@pharris830 #Veterans NRA TeaParty Ryan/McConnell & GOP 'Little Hands Gang' when asked about TrumpCare Bill Transparency & Accountability
It seriously scary how much it looks like our representative republic is turning into a dictatorship.  How can this happen?  #Vote2018
It amazes me how much the Republican Party hates the American people &they show their hatred by the bills &laws they're tryin 2pass #Resist
They need more women in the house and Senate to get the job done.  This is not that complicated.  Dems and Repub's need to sit at the table
Time for YOU guys to help US make a stand NOW Ms. Harris!Push has come to shove.We defeat it now, COMPLETELY, or they'll eventually undo it.
Absurd! Tough when you don't get what you want.
  #GOP secrecy makes me extremely irate! Someone needs to define democracy to them! They obviously don't know the meaning! #ProtectOurCare
No its absurd you corrupt Clinton corporatist @DNC in the Senate don't vote for #Medicare4All Litmus test for 2018 and 2020!
A transparent government. Aren't u glad they aren't sneaking around?
This whole process has been ridiculous.  Asking for promises from sneaky snakes Paul Ryan.  BS announcement.
we must pass this bill so we can find out whats in it
1/6th of the Nations Economy is at stake!
Go Kamala.  We  love you!
GOP has to erase ACA with garbage, or else Koch will not fill their coffers for 2018 elections. The people's wishes do not count to the gop.
Sounds familiar. Where have I heard this before?
Is it any surprise to you? They don't care. It's that simple. They wanna ram anything through to make it "appear" they have an agenda.
And still nobody knows what the hell this most important legislation says? Oh vote anyway???
Ask @NancyPelosi! I'm sure she can answer any of ur questions! 
#KARMA
What is this 'Martial Law' thing I'm hearing about?

Hey turn about is fair play circa 2009. Didn't pelosi say, we have to pass the bill to find out what's in it?
If I did my job as badly as the GOP, I'd be unemployed.
Run 2020!
Agree, & I'm glad to hear Senators from both Parties are looking into how to remove PresCrazyA*s! #Traitor
Ms. Harris you helped destroy California. There's a reason Democrats lost.
Families need to know if they can pay college tuition,upgrade to a newer car or if they need to save every penny to pay for meds &dr visits
There is far more out there about this HC plan then Ocare. Need I remind u Nancy said we need to pass it to see what's in it. Smdh
KH: I'll give you $5 to bitch slap McConnell tonight.  Cash.
Ask @KamalaHarris and Senate @DNC why they won't vote for #Medicare4All!?
I think there is a title page and a page that says The END. Everything else is blank typing paper.
Thank you, @SenKamalaHarris !
How about no more appointments and all appointments made by him already, put them on hold and fully research all their connections
It's also absurd that all that #CNN wants to report about is Scarmucci.  That guy is a joke, but health-care is IMPORTANT!
God love you Kamala, and how in the world are you not drinking yourself to death dealing with all of this?  OMG!
The GOP are immoral. They want to kill us
Protest,Protest,Protest
Single Payer NOW
They're...
CriminalCriminalCriminalCriminalCriminalCriminalCriminalCriminalCriminalCriminalCriminalCriminalCriminalCriminalCriminalCriminal

They don't care.  They are 1000% in on their ideology as this might be the last time they can test it in it's purest form, all branches R's.
Yes, it's absurd, insane, and cruel. Lives are at stake. Thank you for fighting for us. We will not forget.
They may 'need' to make it public, but are they legally mandated to do so? Any rules? No? Then there's no other recourse. Get Trump out. Now
Single payer healthcare is the logical choice.
"We have to pass the bill so we can see what is in it"
Isn't there a Rule that it must be posted publicly?
Hope ur right person if u co-chaired a judiciary comte-if possible i'd like DOJ inspector's to investigate matters.
But every Democrat voted present for single payer, who your biggest supporters demand.
Thank you Senator Harris
Don't be silly, of course you what's in the bill:

1) less healthcare
2) higher cost, too high for many
3) sick and dying Americans
I just found out what is in the bill absolutely nothing crap 0 for American zero for Americans lots of money for government and individuals!
Senator Harris, Isn't there Emergency Ex Parte Application that could be made in Washington DC federal court requiring Senators to comply?
Really?  I thought all Healthcare bills were, "we gotta pass it to see what's in it".  @NancyPelosi
Mean while Trump & Ryan are dismantling every social program that is of benefit to the poor; literally gutting Medicare, sad to say.
Sorry, but impacted bowels are not covered under the new bill.
Oh no, we need to pass it to see what's in it

If it was anything to be proud of, they would be shouting it from the roof tops. That it's kept secret is the big TELL that it's just a scam
Republicans are nothing but a bunch of cowards.
Ask your friend pelosi about having "to pass a bill in order to know what's in it"! Her invention
Keep up the good work
And you think you can be president.  What a joke.
Secrets and lies run rampent.
Give them hell.
'Absurd' wrong word - 'criminal' more like it.
just the individual market.
Sounds like 2009 all over again.  Karma biting you democrats in the ass now.
How can they do this?!? Aren't there rules making it impossible to call for a vote when not showing people voting what it is?! Ridiculous!
Nearly every family had premiums go up as well. #Health
I'm thinking you are new to this farce that McConnell runs. They will show you the bill over our dead bodies.
Seems that's what all you Pols do..,  remember "we have to pass it to find out what's in it" N Pelosi
Are you running for pres in 2020??
They don't even know. They've had eight years & end up with shite. All they know is it has to benefit the top 1% or they wont get kickbacks.
Many of us feel terrorized with the collapse of #ACA
I don't know it kind of but not exactly reminds me of the time Nancy Pelosi said about Obama care, "we have to pass it to see what's in it".
Bravo.....Dems kill Premium Aid for Low Income People amendment.  So caring!
So you haven't seen it but rant about how bad it is???
They are unconscionable.
I just do not know how this is possible!  Horriblez
Please make sure every law and Senate rule @SenateGOP breaks is documented and on the record. #StopTrumpcare #SaveACA
How is this democracy?
#KillTheBillDontKillUs
Unconscionable!
We won't give up working for Americans who need health care. Apparently I need to get within a foot of these guys and shout NO in their ear!
For me, "premiums will increase by 20%" was all I needed to hear
Stand tall Kamala, we stand with you!
The GOP has turned the Senate into a bad episode of Keystone Cops.
Hush up ol' raggly ass ho
calm down lying  #krookedKamala -.
Sure if you stupid racistMAGA
#CensureMcConnell Healthcare for should not be political party loyalty vote. The Founders were against political parties to prevent this.
The GOP is the new mafia. They do everything underground, turn on their own, and don't mind killing a lot of people in the process!
CALLING THE KETTLE BLACK !
@RandPaul has been public about it. Other R have been public about a straight repeal of B's mandates 55 times.
It is public. It's a full repeal of the Obummercare mandates only. It's not taking $ away, it's getting rid of penalties and other B's..
They are using the transgender issue as a distraction from this...DON'T LET IT WORK!
I can tell you 20% premium increase and 16 million people will no longer have insurance.  It's the Republican way to control population.
Why you've read it? That would be if it's not replaced in ten years # asshat

Not veterans. Our health care is FREE.
@bootsiannakfu73 This terrible republican healthcare plan will hurt the entire country. Wish it was just a local infection
It's appallingly short-sighted and cruel. It's also not theirs to take. Legislation out of spite is criminal.
We have to pass it to find out what's in it.

They don't care about any American. They just hate President Obama so much they're willing to burn the entire country to the ground.
They are ashamed. Because nothing is there.
I called my Senators, but I live in Texas so Cruz & Cornyn are not exactly going take my opinion in consideration. 
*affected (don't use impact as a verb)
Don't let them pass this toy truck just to get it to the House
They are clearly traitors to our nations democracy and dictators. Get the GOP out of government! Totally. Just abolish them!
Call them what they are - children.
It just proves that @SenateMajLdr & @SenateGOP don't care how this bill affects the country.
What exactly are they hiding from us?  We are the ones that the bill is going to affect, it'd be nice if it's made public before voting
Then #HoldTheFloor
Twitter: Where Senator Kamala Harris can express her entire thought without an old white man interrupting her. 
it must be so hard to see those corrupt @GOP reps and not wish to shout at them. Thanks for fighting for us!
McConnell telling them 2vote yes 4a bill they haven't read, essentially high jacking their votes! He's every bit as authoritarian as Trump!
Unfortunately, absurdity rules the day.
Their lying to the public anyway about h/c bill.  Fake..tax cut for rich. Better to fix ACA..TAKE CREDIT..FOOLS.
Talking about lack of concern! Those who voted for him and those of us who didn't,  will guarantee that we get this shit right next time!
First off, how can there even BE A BILL, if no one has seen it?  2ndly, if there IS a bill, where is it, SO WE CAN SEE IT?
The one amendment y'all SHOULD add even to the secret bill - "All US legislators & families must participate in this, & only in this, plan".
Seems we've few adults in the room these days.
It's like the game show "Let's Make a Deal" except you MUST trade what you have for what's in the mystery box.
Beyond absurd, the US Senate led by @SenateMajLdr is a parody of itself. Not to impugn your work, Senator.
Far beyond!!! 
Its REALLY ABSURD that this man @realDonaldTrump is a #HumanTrafficking & #ChildSexSlavery suspect & is #FakePOTUS
Like your really care, regardless you are voting against it, obstructionist!

Thank you for keeping up the fight!
We won't forget in 2018. They are worms.
No one knew what was in Obamacare tax plan either. The Dems shoved it through.
We do need to know what is going on. Does anyone know?
I suggest we call it the fiber initiative. Agreed on transparency.
Just found out this http://www.mcclatchydc.com/news/nation-world/national/article163817953.html … BIG PHARMA still controls votes
But if they release the bill, everyone will know just how bad and inept it and they are.
I WILL NOT VOTE FOR THIS BILL IN ITS CURRENT FORM!!! McCain quietly votes for bill in its current form six hours later. Keep at em KH!!
How can they even get 1 vote!  you need to pass a bill that a bill needs certain criteria before voting!
We do know that members of Congress get special treatment under Democrat Obamacare.  Obamacare needs to be repealed and start over.
rumor has it they will still cover Preexisting conditions but I have seen nothing about Leaving CAPS off please make sure no CAPS on hlt car
Apparently, this looks like the only way Dems are going to find out what's in Rep's bill .... good luck with that ...
It doesn't matter,they just want to pass something/anything.This could actually literally be text of the bill they may pass with 50 votes.
I like to quote you in your healthcare facts & send them to my TN senators @SenBobCorker @SenAlexander Keep calling, emailing..resisting!!
This. I've hit them with so many faxes, emails and phone calls (and still am in between tweets). Hey, you're next door in Jackson! #ClayCoTN
I've contacted Corker & Alexander's office as well. Not sure it is going to matter.
"The substance of this is not what's relevant, what's relevant is getting to conference" - Corker actually said this abt skinny bill
Corker literally doesn't care about people, Tennesseans or otherwise. #PartyOverPeople
The @SenateGOP are a dishonorable bunch of people. Only Murkowski and Collins are honorable.
Bunch of snakes GOP
And yet votes are being taken on it. Those Senators who vote 4 something  they don't know abt, will b replaced when re-election comes round
Hmm how soon you forget, you #Democrats put your bill out the same way, pot meet kettle!!!
Liar.
Do some tesearch
this abhorrent, repealing for the sake of repeal! So much time has been wasted trying to undo the ACA instead of fixing it!
Answer is simple-no on should vote for a bill they haven't seen. If this is governing we don't need the Senate & Congress for this. Obsolete
If it was not for Democrat Senators like you, the American people would know nothing!!  Thank you!
It's absurd we still don't know who illegally leaked Flynn's name.
How about a motion 2 READ before U Proceed? I think the problem is there's nothing new 2 read. FAKE ELECTION, POTUS & BILL!
#GOP
#Senate

What's IN #TrumpCare Skinny Bill?

*We know @scaramucci worth.
*Skinny Bill #kill how many #White?
It's absurd we still don’t know what's in this bill. Republicans need to make it public. Nearly every family in this country is impacted.
Absolutely what is the secret. Why can't anyone see this bill. This is 4 the country. These people work for YOU not 4 themselves or Trump.
Precisely!
Buy a car without driving it first?
Buy a house without checking it over?
Never!
Our health is our EVERYTHING!!!
Watching this from Athens Greece the birthplace of Democracy - so many good people are now turning in their graves over US current politics
Yes ma'am.....why don't you go on @FoxNews and state the obvious.  Are you not welcomed there?  Let's go.....for America.
