Does anyone really think Trump gives a shit about Americans with opioid addiction? Doesnt fit into cutting taxes for the rich.
He does not care about anyone unless their last name is TRUMP the name Americans are hating by the minute
His supporters still love him and will until it affects them directly. Not much longer...
Reagan greatly opposed stem cell research during his reign along w/ Nancy until he got Alzheimer's and then she did s 180
Yes, anytime now they will realize the protections the ACA provided. Have a diehard trump friend, not sounding so confident anymore.
Have relatives and friends in medical field who are not confident at all in Trumpcare
I worked in medical insurance for years. The insurance company would look for ANY excuse to dent claims. So sad, they will own this!
Sorry deny*
I agree, but what they don't realize is for every action there is a reaction.  There has been tremendous cuts in Mental Health services.
I work in addiction tx in Idaho. Medicaid doesn't cover any expenses related to. And that's before it's sliced down further.
PLEASE don't forget about pain patients  We're losing our meds because of this and no one is listening! So sorry for those who are lost
Yes I max out on CBD everyday I use edibles put it in water take normally.
#MedicaidMatters
@Missmeldw 
also wrong to allow exclusion of mental health and substance use benefits, and to deny coverage if pre-existing
How about getting the docs to stop over prescribing.
How about appropriate prescribing?  There are people with chronic pain that can't survive without opioids.
Have personally witnessed #KRATOM help opioid addicts quit all big pharma pain and psychological meds!

AHCA = #DonTcare
#gopDONTcare
Because it's an opioid like plant that is addictive and  requires withdrawal.
It affects opiate receptors and one can become tolerant (habit forming) IF one constantly uses one strain. 1/2
OH, BUT DON'T BUILD THE WALL, THAT WILL KEEP DRUGS OUT! HELLO? WHAT IS WRONG WITH THIS PICTURE!? MORE TWISTED THINKING, SELFISH, ONE-SIDED.
it seems the GOP has reasoned AHCA is more effective than their standard voter suppression techniques. It eliminates the voters altogether.
My dr used to try to make me take prescriptions for narcs even when i learned to say no. She insisted. I sill have one unifilled smh
Thanks 4 fighting 4 Americans 2 have health care. Amazed we are having to fight 4 something so fundamental to the wellbeing of our people.
US Senate--indeed the WH--has a duty to reassure the public about Medicaid & not cause distress. Like trump, GOP says this is not necessary.
And more are destined to die
I am sure the Rs think it's good riddance. Why else?
I dont think they are listening or even care who it will hurt at this point!
Easy fix.  Don't put a pill in your mouth that is not prescribed from your doc. Don't spend my tax dollars on self inflicted habits.
This is a very real issue.
We need to address the Mental Health Issue. Perfect example  Donald Trump
Here's secretary of Health Tom #Price MD on treatment for opioid addiction. Yes, really...(THREAD) https://twitter.com/ReaderAdrift/status/867028526498762753 …
More KAKISTOCRATIC stupidity!
Keep #KRATOM legal in , study it's effects on opioid addiction!

Health care for dummies:
ACA = Obamacare 
AHCA = #DonTcare 
Sen. Harris you may know way than this article. Doesn't look good. http://washingtonjournal.com/2017/06/21/senate-trumpcare-bill-just-leaked-even-worse-feared/ …
And if you did something b4 obama care they might be alive stop complaining and work
Northeast Ohio, Cleveland, Akron & Lorain ODs are at crisis level. Team up with @SherrodBrown and fight this abomination.
Senator please help me out here. I thought that the AHCA was the law of the land as ruled by the SCOTUS. How can it be replaced? Thank u.
Ohio being number 1, a point I'm not proud of being from ohio, help is needed ,cannot continue to ignore,  addict & Family affected
Duh, states get a bundle of dollars to use. That's where this coverage goes. Didn't you know, Kamala?
Oh! And Medicaid has been so successful in combating drug addiction to date? Stop spreading the BS! Medicaid isn't the answer, Senator!! SMH
If you're serious about fighting a drug war ,!you're serious about fighting addiction
Uh what. How are these related
Kamala, I was originally skeptical about your candidacy for Senator, having supported @LorettaSanchez but you are doing a fantastic job. #CA
I would endorse and support @SenKamalaHarris for President in 2020. I am so proud to be a Californian and a member of the resistance #Resist
It's not just opioid addiction.There R so many different illnesses, diseases, injuries etc that will be ignored by GOP hell bent on neglect
If only a way existed either to eradicate the source of opioids (see e.g., poppies in Afghanistan ) or give addicts greater support srvcs.
It's wrong to treat them like criminals. They need 2 go 2 rehab, not prison.
Blame big pharma.
they are doing what they want to do ! It's wrong to be a debtor nation.
1/ Kamala, a senator being interviewed by Wolf B. today said that NO Democrats have participated in Bill while 50 Repub Sen were there..
Why were there not any Dems participating in HC Bill when 50 R Senators were. Do you have to be invited? What's up??
No, it's wrong to cut Medical, because the disabled & seniors need the additional help. It wasn't created to hand out to illegals like candy
Who is responsible for people abusing drugs.  Make them pay.
And yet the Liar in Chief claims he wants to combat the opioid epidemic. Yeah, right. By tossing people in private jails.
YES,Acknowledged Sen. Kamala Harris; TOGETHER ,TRUTH
It's all about Health-care. These new bill has taken C A R E out of the definition it's now Heath-choice. Because you have none.
after adding "pain" as 5th VS and MD/Hsp rating. . opiate exploded. OBAMA's lockdown caused the heroine to explode + no border = Dead CA ppl
Those 13 old white men don't get it.
They will be happy to see them die faster. Isn't that the plan?  Kill off poor, needy, older and elderly? Only the Rich survive?
Pretty sure this is their plan
My father died from opioid addiction.  When will you go after the pharmaceutical companies for making such addictive drugs?
sadly @SenKamalaHarris it's our children dying.Not yours!  Obama care is dead so get moving on repealing and replacing for all Americans 
Sadly? It doesn't matter who's children are dying. Medicaid needs to stay.
It's more than wrong - it's immoral.
For addicts in poverty, Medicaid provides their sole access to detox, rehab, and outpatient treatment.
Relaxing prison sentences to those ruining families is though? Dealers and traffickers should be charged by the collateral damage 2 comunity
We need a marathon of people..children, women, men, elderly that will be affected by this stupid bill. Maybe a little more openness about it
Cutting Medicaid would be devastating to do many. Cold hearted. #ShowUsTheBill what is @SenateMajLdr hiding in his #MeanBill #GOPfailure
You plan to let people die. California should fund any shortfall.
If #Obamacare is so effective, why are so many dying?
We all need to band together. All Americans. Dems, Indep and GOP. It's an American problem. NOT a party problem
I was pulled from "work" when my cancer spread to my bones.
ALSO.....pregnant women, children, long term care & assisted living patients, disabled children & adults, the elderly & birth control..
I've said before, #GOP needs to see programs (like @PPact & @_MealsOnWheels ) in action that help needy Americans.  Sadly, #GOP are scared.
And yet the pols who get Pharma money keep winning, and here we are...How do we address that?
Welfare state contributes to drug abuse.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but how does Medicaid stop a crack head getting high? I think there's a lot more to it than Medicaid Kamala.
Medicaid is their only access to substance abuse treatment. It's the only thing that will stop them.
Got a feeling that there's many more options. Family, friends, moving away from drug invested areas. Personal responsibility is a big party.
Addiction is a medical condition usually requiring rehab. Withdrawal requires detox. Other efforts are taken after completing treatment.
Sounds good. What makes someone addicted? Have to try it to get hooked. Don't try it, you won't get hooked. It's probably not that simp tho!
No. No it is not.
It's not just the people dying, it's their children that are left behind, born addicted too! They need healthcare & help.Wasn't their choice
I am adopted mother of 2 of those kids and the grandmother of 2 abandoned by their mom for drugs.  This is our future if nothing done
Collateral damage and representatives want to stop sending dealers and traffickers to prison?
You have to understand that the dealers and traffickers are a dime a dozen, get rid of 1, seconds later there's another. Need education/help
BTW easier for them to find drugs in prison than on the streets.  It's not the answer! Neither is shooting them. Those options don't work.
Really? Let them all out to rain down more destruction on our kids?
Fathet, brother and countless friends lost to this disease. I grew up in a nice safe suburb
