Interesting coalition, but if it is effective, why not.  Best of luck to you in 2020!
P.S. Will throw my 200% support behind you ( Harris/Yates my "goals" ticket) OR whoever you see fit to back.  : )
Harris is allowing stories like this to happen daily because of her failure to secure our border with other Dems:
GRAPHIC: Raped 12-Year-Old Girl Found Dead near Texas Border http://bit.ly/2usG262 
Might Explain Rand Paul's NO vote!?
About time adults act like adults
If you decide to run (have you?) would you consider Watts and running mate?
As not and
I'm There your RETWEET posted  (notification)  at  10:23 am  CT,  Sen. Kamala Harris ,at the same time a ; text updated for my PriorityMail
Don't fix it yet, wait until Trump and cronies are in need of it.
Workin' cross the aisle!  Being a Senator!  Nice!
Sanctions bill. Please vote to keep sanctions on Russia they've done enough damage to our country by hacks, interference and help trump win
Is this because you care or for political gain. Using minority as usual
@NewsHour Exclnt Rpt on New Jersey bail reforms
Kamala loves helping illegals and criminals. CA voters? Fuggedaboutit!
Bipartisan solutions are the best! I'm in the middle and it's good to see you here. Keep up the good work.
@gglightbulb Yeah, I saw that. Such a cool idea!
Thank you Kamala 
What about civil forfeiture law protection?creates police corruption aimed at poor,& circumvent state protections. http://amp.usatoday.com/story/50070001/ 
Link didn't work. http://amp.usatoday.com/story/500707001/ …
Check out @JP_LOKSATTA's Tweet:
Berkeley Radio Station Cancels Dawkins’ Events Because ‘He Offended Islam’  https://swarajyamag.com/insta/berkeley-radio-station-cancels-dawkins-events-because-he-offended-islam … Religion getting free pass again.
And @SenRandPauI Great work, thank you both for doing the hard work. More of this please.
Thank you we are not helping by keeping them locked up
To try to begin is right. Good luck!
Bail, fines, traffic fines, etc. should be based on a percentage of your income, not the same amount no matter how much you make.
Most Republiclones will fight it...they all own stock in private prison companies & will want to keep them full! 
Kamala is a retard!
Politics makes strange bed fellows
Pleassseeeee run for president in 2020 Mrs. Harris @SenKamalaHarris
Good for them...that's what showing true bi-partisanship is and making America greater
you seem to be the only one trying to DO something!
I hope it includes the use of technology.  @helpbondme
Nice to see both sides working together for rhe people! More please!
Wow !  Many thanks to you and to @RandPaul Many families will appreciate having this onus lifted from their already over loaded shoulders.
Thank you.
EDUCATION. MORE AFFORDABLE.
Maybe have a chat with the good doctor about his conscience?
Thank you!
Thank you Senator Harris!  
Fabulous effort.  Brava!  (And thanks so much for working with Rand Paul, so none of us have to!)
Pls be sure to link up w/John Legend if you haven't already. http://fortify44.com/index.php/blog/ 
2/2  Being UP early. always on Sunday Morning for Catholic Daily Mass @EWTN  A Family Prayer, then for the morning Political News Programs!
Mindfully being a  prosecuting attorney even (District Attorney in S.F. : as well the U S.  Atty Gen of  Calif , know the bail system.
Sunday is almost complete being for your tweet now,Sen. Kamala Harris, posted (notification) however late for my reply TRUTHFULLY....1/1
2/2 Being UP early always on Sunday mornings for daily  mass @EWTN. ; A Family Prayer ; then for the Political News Programs.
Will you also support a 21st Century Voting Rights act to ensure all eligible voters have a voice? @SenKamalaHarris #RespectMyVote
Right on.  It's always kept the poor unfairly incarcerated while allowing the wealthy to go free.
I heard about what New Jersey is doing.. nice start!
Great work on collaborating across the aisle!  Thanks!
@RandPaul This is great and also has the potential to save a lot of money.  I hope it passes. https://university.pretrial.org/viewdocument/pretrial-justice-how-much-does-it …
Yes it is needed because I work in court in Texas. This bill needs to pass now. I glad to see this working with Republican politicians great
If a female lawyer of color can become a US senator and RAND PAUL can with integrity get some shit done?? Kudos to both of you!! GO HIGH
I stand with you 100%.
I miss the days when Republicans and Democrats worked together for the greater good of the American people
Have you considered running for President? @SenKamalaHarris
well i hope this never affects me as an individual, but kudos to you senator. you will keep getting my vote.
Great! Pssssst...while your at it, work on getting him to rethink his healthcare ideas.
Please watch.. and understand EXACTLY was kalama is doing here..
Senator Harris don't give in to the GOP
Good work
I'm sure that'll get far.
Thank you from #CA22 #Fresno #CentralValley
A) U know not what u stand for or B) u hate minorities amd poor people=elitist.
That are irresponsible and do not take into account what you are doing to the hard-working citizens of inner cities
What will you do about the Bail Jumpers ?
Q: Can you pretend to care deeply about law & order while supporting a serial criminal named Donald Trump who stole MILLIONS? 
A: NO!
I done Law for over 40 years, Kamala has not spent a day saying she was sorry to the victims,
Instead she sent this!
What the Taxpayers Got!
Thank you!  Last week I filed an appellate brief in Wa. state court including a challenge to our cash bail system. Excited to see your work!
Don't  see you in the picture. Don't trust Crocker. He represents Wells Fargo's interests rather than USA.
Yey! Looking forward to seeing great work done in Washington,  some of you truly take these things to heart.  That's shows us a lot, GO USA!
Great work. They could have included you in the photo. Just sayin'.
#TheResistance
Agree ... Had to re-read the headline a few times ...
Thank you so much! Best of luck to you.
Did you do all the research or did a lobbyist write it up for you?
You don't get it. They're aren't lobbyist for decreasing bonds; bonding agencies have vested interests in keeping high. They have lobbyist.
You don't get it sir, politicians claim to write bills when in reality its a 3rd party, then 3rd party buy politicians home for 2x its value
I understand that bills are written by 3rd part, where is the lobbying arm to decrease bonds?  Doesn't exist, aside from social justice orgs
I agree social justice orgs would lobby it, Shapton's N.A.N. is a civil rights group who has a history of padding their pockets
"Ransom system"
Thank you!
