It most certainly is not.
"Life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness" Life........
"Life" and guaranteed health care are light-years apart.  If I need new shoes in my "pursuit of happiness", should I look to gov for that?
The majority of developed nations in the world (and the majority of ppl in the US) would disagree with you.
So? That does not make the "majority" right. US is best country in the world for a reason. We lead, not follow.
So why are we failing when it comes to the health of our citizens?
Why do the wealthy of the world come to US for healthcare? Why do Canadian politicians come to US for care?
Because our doctors are better educated. Had nothing to do with the economic system in place for the Healthcare.
Please also look into auto voter registration for all.
This too! Any citizen over 18 should automatically be registered!
And compelled to military service!!  Lol
That would be communism you're thinking of. No matter the rhetoric you hear, the left doesn't want communism any more than the right.
Many on the left (Bernie) speak fondly of communism.  And compelling services from others will lead there, which is a soft form of slavery
the "3 branches of government" system will protect against it going too far. Working well with Trump's psuedo fascism, will with that, too.
Antifa are the facists--using violence to promote their ends.  And any system can devolve into communism over time.
Who said anything about antifa? Don't remember that chapter in my poly sci class regarding them being part of the 3 branches of our gov.
She's Co-sponsoring Bernie's Medicare for all bill, so nation wide.
so much so that they're willing to pay taxes for it, huh? RIDICULOUS! 
We need less government control in our lives. We need to hear less from people like you who have not contributed anything to our progress
We should be empowering people to be self sufficient and less reliant on government not depend more on a government that is deep in debt.
Ok.  But as I have asked, where is this money to come from?  How will tax payers foot the bill?  I believe you just need to fix ACA.
You have no right to put your hands into my wallet just so you can keep your job. We are not a socialist country you sell out.
Healthcare is not a right.  We can make it a right.  Anyone see healthcare in Bill of Rights?
It's a right in many countries. Times change. Keep up
Ummm....it is not a right here.  Times have not changed here so maybe you need to catch up with the current times here in our country.
It could very well become a right. People want it to be. Rights change. Heard of amendments? Know what the word means?
Stop trying to play me as stupid.  Yes I know amendments.  Your original statement said keep up with times.  I was spot on the times.
You were the one who was wrong.  This is not Canada and as of now it is not a right in the United States.
Wow, your intelligence is as limited as your empathy.

You can't invite us to co-sponsor then say you don't want our true input. We can't just be window dressing. Dems shld adjust bill as needed
She's Sheepdogging.  She's sold out to Wall St, and the Health Care Industry.  She has no intention of pushing for Medicare for All.
@4HealthyCA Booyah
Correction - Health care is personal responsibility!
Because I have 2 life-threatening diseases no insurance co would sell me a policy. But it's my responsibility 2 get unattainable coverage? 
Thankfully, Obamacare saved me. I now have insurance.
Congratulations!  Glad I and millions of others could help fund the premium in addition to what I pay for health insurance!
Ur okay w/ ur tax $$$ paying for Trump's vacations? Ur upset ur tax $$$ actually help ppl. Some folks have empathy. Some are Trumpkins.
Tackle reducing medical and medication costs.
Totally agree.  Health care not just a right but an inalienable right!!!
There is too much money to be made by private insurance. Their lobbying power is strong. That's why we are the only major country in the
World without single payer insurance.
Aim high, Kamala! US is with you!
Dems need to do a better job of explaining the average monthly cost of Medicare for All compared to private insurance.
Healthcare executives earn outrageous salaries & benefits. A SPS means we cut the pork. Docs & hospitals will earn the same as they do today
Why cant ya'll just protect Obamacare?
Of course, the US Constitution rejects the notion that some can own the labor of others, which is what we call slavery.
When the Constitution was written, there was no difference between medical care for a king or for a pauper. Water, rest, leeches, and prayer
If 1789 had today's stark difference between health care for rich & for poor, universal health care wd've been first in the Bill of Rights.
Glad you come around to the right side on this issue on Healthcare care.
#kamala2020
Medicare has been a godsend for my aunt, who is dying in hospice.  She has no children and has never married.  Please keep up the fight!
In Japan, they have it right. It's kind of like a monthly tax that is based on your previous year's income. A+ #MedicareForAll
Clarification: your employer can opt to provide insurance. So you can dump the gov't one. Almost everything is in-network. Easy.
Which amendment was that?
The one that needs to be added. That's why they're called amendments. 
So it's not there yet?
No not yet. And probably won't be for another 10-15 years. A lot of people still think basic health care is something not everyone deserves.
So technically, it's not a right but a matter of opinion.
because if it's not in the constitution, its not a right?  lol
Maybe the narrative should be, "help us make it a right". But I'm not for gov't controlled health care. HSAs and collectives sound better.
Not govt controlled. It's govt paid healthcare
Driving is a privilege , healthcare should be a right
Did you already try this?
If Medical Care is a "Right", then we do not require the goverment to be imvolved
I think evidence supports single payer, but I respect that your opinion is different. I don't live in US, tho follow debate w/ interest.
ObamaCare/ACA has been a failure, many folks paying more for less healthcare.  USA now has people willing to pay fine instead of insurance
Thank you! 
Prepare for Joe Lieberman to come out of the woodwork and whine against it, like he did when he killed the Medicare expansion in ACA.
Sounding like Bernie isn't going to work. Let's see you walk the walk and cease accepting campaign contributions from pharma and insurance.
And Clinton's donors in the Hamptons.
Can this please include dental and vision services as well? I will wait for a response.
and food and housing and clothing, and a car too. and a new phone.
Yeah Brian, basic goods and services should be socialized. Welcome aboard, comrade!
Why go to work when I call get all my stuff for free?
Why for the pleasure of helping other people and to earn more than basic necessities of course!
I'm tired of working, let some other sap do it so I can have my stuff.
Of course comrade. Under a socialist system, people are free to subsist on basic necessities to pursue art and leisure...
I know the 1% will pay for all of it, but who's gonna work to make & deliver my basic necessities while I relax on the couch?
Healthcare cannot be dictated by the http://gov.You  have NO PLACEin my relationship w/my doc. Democracy is freedom of CHOICE
Agree on the importance of choice. But for many Americans, the choice is between going to the Dr or eating this week...
Especially in Houston. In times of crisis yes the gov is responsible for aiding the people to get back on their feet just not permanently
But millions are permanently unable to access healthcare.
Healthcare facilities mainstream to cities the further out you go the more you get local GPs&clinics. Rural areas have to drive.
We are behind you, Kamala! This is the direction of the "progressive" "liberal" party, democrat or not!
Say you not we
The only rights we have are all in the Constitution. 
but you don't follow it.
Bill of Rights added to Constitution. It's a document that has been amended many times. With, you know, amendments.
Healthcare isn't a right, because no human has a right to compel other humans to provide them services.  That's called slavery.
Medicare is the most eff'd up thing in the world. It's a constant fight with medicare to pay. You use it for before you dump it on others.
Don't worry, Roman, it won't pass!!  These left winged socialists have been trying to pass this for years!
Why is it so "eff'd" up?
Because healthcare providers have to fight government for payment.
Dear Sen. Harris, I am a California Family Nurse Practitioner & support you in your efforts 100%. You make California Proud.
Not all California.
You are lying. Health care is NOT a right. Which founding docs are you looking at? Not ours. Retract your false claim, Senator
Heathcare is a right:
Sorry, not a US Constitutional right. When a U.S.  Senator espouses discusses the rights of Americans, it's understood means by rule of law
Health care is a right of every citizen!!! USA wake up!!! This is unbelievable that such essensial human right arouses such controversy!!!
A claim to a right to health care is a claim to ownership of a portion of someone else's life.
Exactly. Believing healthcare is a right is believing in slavery.
Dear Senator
If u really believed it's a right...why didn't you stand w/Bernie during primaries. Hillary NEVER said it's a right
Shil4Votes
@JoyAnnReid would call her a Bernie Bro.
Look up John Conyers in Michigan. Why is it so difficult for you BernieBros to look up things? Is research really that complicated?
What about Conyers? He's in the house. Harris is Co sponsoring Bernie's s bill. Bernie been talking about single payer for years.
Bullshit! As usual Bernie's been coopting (stealing) others ideals. Again do some research and stop yourself from staying the fool.

Amen, and it's cheaper when everyone has insurance, oddly enough. Makes moral and $ sense.
Where do you get that? Obama tried and cost went up!
who pays for it?
We pay for it. All of us, together. Like we pay for everything else. Who pays for the current crappy healthcare we have now? Let's fix it.
And those of us who are lucky enough to live in countries with public healthcare are generally happy to pay our taxes to ensure this.
Ha, ok enjoy fighting for that.
I do.
This is why Dems keep losing. Independents aren't thrilled about money being stolen from their hard work.
It's who you said you'd be co-sponsoring that bill with that's the problem
But it is NOT a Medicare For All bill! Your co sponsorship means zilch, since it's nothing but a slightly improved version of the ACA.
Yeah that's nice
Yep! Nurses will be with U!
Not all nurses!  How much will our pay go down?  Have you ever asked what nurses make in countries with the one payer system?  Not 40/hr!
So UR in it just 4 the money?!? U R not a REAL RN. Tuck UR greedy tail between UR  self righteous red legs shut UP & go!
No, I'm not in this career for the money.  If I were, I'd be very unhappy!   I am not greedy and how dare you preach to me!  smh
I speak from an honest place in nursing. ANA. UR view is contradiction. Don't speak pay over health delivery.
I've have talked with a lot of nurses from England, Scotland, Canada, and Mexico and all agree that the one payer insurance is not good!!
Neither is going bankrupt 4 curable disease. Ppl die with private 4 profit or do U not remember?!? Denied care 4 $$.
Maybe in CA, but in mid US, no one is denied.  I have never seen this in my 30 years as a nurse!
Just plain smart! A sign of democracy!
No, a sign of Socialism!
Yep, just like law enforcement for all is #socialism? Got any relatives receiving #SocialSecurity or #Medicare? Are they #socialists?
money to make sure all around me has FREE things, then that is Socialism!  40 years we have been conditioned to let the Gov take care of us!
We, from fly over country are simply tired of our taxes being taken and given to whomever our Gov thinks deserves it!  We sent a msg in Nov!
Thanks for coming on board senator.
She didn't back it in CA when she had a veto-proof supermajority. I call BS.
this is pointless. if she supports it now - or even if she's faking - it clearly moves the ball forward for MFA.
It does, but one can see through her intention of looking more progressive than she actually is. It just gives neolibs new smearing arsenal!
Support the policy and move on.
Brah, u know they will use it against us when we root for Nina or Bernie in 2020.movin on.
There's no need to criticize people for things they did in our imagination. If it happens then we strike back. If not, this was good.
Correction *Health care SHOULD be a right, not a privilege
President Kamala Harris. That has a nice ring to it!
No it's not.
Welcome to the alt-left. Watch out for Joy Reid, she's sure to be very sour at how you suddenly became a racist white male bernie bro.
@AnneRiceAuthor  Thank you
Wish that had chance of passing but with Republicans in charge fat chance in HELL but miracles do happen can only hope some day it does 
At the very least, it's a step towards shifting Dems message, and a reality-check for the crazy anti-Bernie wing.
Thank you and glad you were tonight's Last Word from @Lawrence's @TheLastWord. Great news to end the evening.
Kampala for President!
Any Man, Woman or Child in America of any color or nationality already has the RIGHT to go to any Hospital! So who will pay the BILLS? FREE?
I like U, but that idea is far from ideal for ALL Americans if that's ur goal. Explain how a program for 65yr old is good for a 23yr old?
"You will never understand bureaucracies until you understand that for bureaucrats procedure is everything and outcomes are nothing."
HR676?
Managing optics is a right, not a privilege.
No its not
You've got a lot to learn about rights. Not cool to mislead your constituents with gross misrepresentation about rights. Read Thomas Paine.
Thank you!
Thank you for the great job you're doing. I'm proud that you represent me and California.
Obviously your clueless. Healthcare is NOT a right.
Im sure the president will have zero problems signing off on that one. #Resist
I hope you do everything right with healthcare
No, it is not.  If it is, you have the legal right to commandeer doctors and nurses to provide services. This is evil.
Explain the funding. How does it get paid for?
it sickens me how entitled my generation is. Nothing in life is free. You must work for what you NEED and WANT.
Natural law disagrees with you
Thank you, @SenKamalaHarris, for doing what is best for everyone and protecting the most vulnerable among us.
except it's not. It's not the taxpayer's problem that you have shitty health. It's called natural selection.
THANK YOU! Proud to have you as my Senator!
Read the Constitution, It's obvious you have never read it, your entitled to your opinion but not your own facts
THERE MAY BE SOME HOPE FOR U AFTERALL
Show me where in our #Constitution  health care is included as a right!
making medicare for all does not fix the root cause of healthcare costs, it just raises our taxes to continue the problem
KH, your problem is you think all government programs are a right! When are you going on Obama care.
LOL!!!!!
How about rest of Bernie's platform?  #FreePublicCollege? Raise top tax rate to 90%?

Will you support #HR3057 http://FairRepAct.com  ?
I bet if you were the top 1%, you would not like 90% taken out for taxes!!  I'd just quit hiring people if 90% went to the Government!!
FDR had top tax rate over 90% and created jobs directly with WPA
Rich don't create jobs, middle class spending money in the real economy do.

Taxes on the rich (rate for top tax bracket) under
FDR in 1944=94%,
JFK in 1963=91%,
GW Bush in 2003=35%,…
Thank you.
Thank you again.
Surely you all have calculated how many votes you need & from whom not to get it passed | win win for neolibs
As I said tonight in Oakland, I intend to cosponsor the Medicare for All bill. Health care is a right, not a privilege.
@ShaunKing  Please remove copays from the bill. Access to $ should not determine access to care.
Healthcare, endowed by a creator that made humans fragile and susceptible to death and disease in the first place.  Immortality easier?
It's funny how 'rights' are discovered as if healthcare / doctors only now just appeared.  Or did you know it was a 'right' but didn't care?
#ImpeachTrumpNow
#ImpeachTrumpNow
 #ImpeachTrumpNow
 #ImpeachTrumpNow
So its ok for endentured servitude? Got it you support enslavement
Milkshakes are a right, not a privilege. So go make me one.
Nothing can be a right that demands the output of another's labor.
You are a fool.
How is healthcare a right?
As a cancer patient, I have serious concerns of care level that single payer would provide. I see Medicaid/care denying treatments to peers.
Those in Congress against single payer are against it because they are being paid to be against it..
http://landwheremyfatherdied.blogspot.com/2017/07/universal-health-caresingle-payer-its.html …
Well, I see patients on Medicare and Medicaid get denied treatments every day. It's not just a concern of people who are being "paid."
Stay in your own lane if you are not personally affected, maybe?
Everyone is affected. My wife is on medicare and a cancer survivor. It's a single lane...and I'm in it...
Is it a single lane? I think there are all kinds of ways to get there, without compromising the HC of the most vulnerable.
You don't just flip a switch and magically it happens, you know.
Did you miss the part about ACA covering people regardless of pre-existing conditions? That was a step in the right direction.
not a matter of who deserves it who's going to pay for it get educated on who pays the majority of the taxes in this nation #noonepayer #NO
Plz remind me how you have a right to a service provided by another human being? Hmm a right to free labor? Almost sounds like slavery to me
Thank you!
Are you talking all as in all citizens or including non-citizens?
Thanks to Obamacare and Stupid democrats I went from $500.00 deductible to $6k in 3years!! I don't trust you! Obama lied and so do you!!!
I am not sure if this is the best single payer bill out there. I would like to see comparisons between both to decide which one I back.
Thanks for finally getting on board
If your fellow Senator John McCain had #Trumpcare, he would be dead by now! Yes Medicare for all! We are a wonderous nation!
Thank you!
Really?  Where does it say in the Constitution that health care is a right?
Doesn't have to be in the Constitution for the US to recognize a right.
Nope
If you believe HC is a right, then you believe in slavery.
Why are we supposed to listen to the guy who lost with 43% of the vote in the primary contest, yet ignore the woman who won with 55%?
You pay ZERO for ur elite senate health insurance - this is a privileged  antiquated entitlement.  Pls sponsor bill banning this as unfair!
You are the best.
Medicare for all would cost up to $32 trillion over 10 yrs with the largest tax hike ever seen in this country. It's a pipe dream not for us
Thank you Senator Harris.. I have lived abroad and so many people wonder why the US has not adopted this yet.. Investment in all pays off!
You will ruin our country with that mentality. BASIC healthcare should be accessable to everyone. Not what you are proposing. #Healthcare
Have you ever read the constitution? If healthcare is a right, why isn't FOOD and WATER??  They seem more important than healthcare..

Senator Harris, you've made the right call. Thank you. Gigantic steps in the right direction
One of my heros the late Ted Kennedy always said  the same thing Healthcare is a right not a privilege
Make it happen now in California with SB562 and it will be the model for the rest of the states to follow. Now is the time  tell Rendon.
It's also nominally one of Roosevelt's Four Freedoms.
Where exactly is that written in the Constitution?
No, how are you this dumb? It is a privilege that's earned, not a right. Not even close to a right. How do you function on a daily basis?
Has the supreme Court settled this.
You rock! Thank you!
Please run for president in 2020. I want Trump to serve 8 full years.
In emergency situations.
Otherwise telling doctors that they must work for lower wages is denying them human rights.
That 20 trillion dollar debt will jump to 78 trillion if that crap pass.
I must have missed that in the Constitution!
Brava! Your next move should be to support Bernie's College for All Act of 2017.
Who is going to pay for all of these free programs?  Have you given any thought to that?  This really worries me!
Jeff Bezos, Amazon, and the billionaire tech class can be made to help fund these programs.
Anything less is too dangerous.
50 states have to sign?
"Declaring something a right does not make it suddenly appear" --Ben Shapiro @benshapiro
health care is a right, no one is ever refused. Health insurance is a privilege.
See, was that so difficult? Now, we're of the "trust but verify" persuasion. Let's see if your actions match your (good and proper) words.
@ShaunKing just do it and get it done!
Yesssssssssssssssss!!!!
You are already a better candidate than any Clinton. Hopefully Dems get their shit together now.
You have the right to get healthcare. You're not entitled to it. Nor are you required to have it. You're wack.
#ImpeachTrump You're going to make an excellent president & break All the ceilings!
Thank you Senator for standing up for the People of America!  It may not be a "right" currently, but we can make it a "right."
As long as the Senators and House are under the same exact health care plan
Interesting , you know it won't get enough support so why do it now?
What does timing have to do with it?
Thank you from TX, Kamala.
I do t want medicare.  Keep your hands out of my healthcare.
Thank you Senator!!! Its one of my biggest financial struggles as a parent...to keep my children insured.
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris !!
Just please don't go down the @SenSanders route. We want real democrats working for what's best for all ... not elite idealists
She's co-sponsoring WITH Sanders because he's been championing this for the good of all citizens for decades, long before the Democrats.
Hell, plenty of Democrats in Congress STILL don't support single payer as a good idea.
Remember Clinton asking where Sanders was in 94? He co-sponsored SP in 93. The Democrats are catching up.
You go senator excellent
I thought Obama care was supposed to handle this problem already.
What about the Hyde Amendment?
Thank you!
Thank you, Kamala Harris.

Sen. Harris, point 2 where the Constitution it says that Health Care is a right. Easier 2 find 1 right that "shall not be infringed."
Healthcare should be a privilege for the wealthy for all others pay nothing and make the wealthy pay for it dammit
Oh yay rah!  The wealthy pay for everything!  Who raised you and taught you responsibilities?  Obviously not anyone who cares about the USA!
Because in the country of Utopia, the wealthy can pay for everything that is desired by everyone else...Unfortunately, no such place exists
Voters can change that
Indeed; taking away any incentive to succeed because 80% of your "success" will go to "voters" that think they are "owed" your success. 
You are sounding more and more presidential every day! Keep it up!
This is an ancient/stolen line; see Europe! You had 8 LONG yrs; u did NOTHING/increased poverty! Stop LYING, Pumpkin! Thank God for #Trump.
U have no understanding health care.20 yrs ago ppl were dumped off insurance 4 using it.STOP THE PROFIT ON DEATH&ILLNESS
There's other ways to universal coversge without throwing women under the bus. Hyde Amendment. Stop pandering to botnets
When are you and @RepJoeKennedy going to meet up to talk about your dream ticket/campaign?  #HarrisKennedy2020
Nope it's not a right, but thanks for increasing our national and individual debt.
Maybe if you were a doctor like @RandPaul or @RonPaul, instead of a congressman, you would know it's NOT a right. It's a service.
Thank you Ms Harris..
You may sponsor it but you could careless if it passes, bait and switch..

I just saw a news sound bite for this. Did you say Medicaid or Medicare?

U going to also get rid of your special Congress care for this crap sandwich?
government health 'care' is disgusting.
Your Wall Street and Big Bank handlers are going to be PISSED!!!  How long until they make you flip?
So I'm curious... Did you enroll and pay for Barrycare? That would show your support for healthcare for all. We all know you didn't though.
Yes!
Please say you're running in 2020! Please, please!
Every report states that single payer can be accomplished for everyone costing less than currently spent. Keep the pressure on! #ANoBrainer
Thank you!
I hope you are suggesting the public gets the same care as YOU. OR that you will accept their care...and foot the bill, not foist it on us!
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris and @SenSanders
Someone (You!) gets it!
I put in my $10k yearly income today in the North Carolina marketplace  (starting a new business) - $540 / month more than half monthly pay
At $10k per year, you're eligible for subsidies that cover almost that whole premium if not the whole thing.
Please please tell me you plan to overhaul Medicare in the process. I want to keep seeing my doctors and Medicare would prevent that.
This is genuinely why I haven't applied for SSI. The pittance it offers would not offset the medical care I get now on MassHealth.
Only thing she is overhauling is her check nook and investment accounts.
A right in what sense Kamala? Please anyone expound on HOW this is a right?????
Nope.
So you're planning on digging even deeper into our pockets to fund your brilliant ideas?  Billions of more dollars?  No thanks.
How do you intend to pay?  Politicians spending $ like it grows on trees. You get $12,000 yr tax money for your health ins.
Food is a human right! The government must run all the grocery stores! (Yet, in countries where they do, the shelves are empty!!!)
You have been SUPER active lately!! #Salute to you for actually helping the folks that voted for you!! In this era it really is rare! 
You go Kamala- looking forward to 2020 you have my vote
I don't trust her. Until she actively tries to get money out of politics she could just be lying like Trump did.
It should be a right!  Make it so!
Yippee
Good luck w that
I'm 110% Behind You On This!!!
@AARP @cnnbrk @DNC @abcnews @CBSNews @MSNBC @FoxNews @cspan @whitehouse  @senategop @BernieSanders @HillaryClinton @NancyPelosi @un 45TAXES
Thank you Senator! This is great news. 

