is trying to make a name for herself. Rude, arrogant....it's not working, lady. #maga #conservative #AlexandriaVA
But the men who do it are justified, right?
Great! I'd love to hear your thoughts on some of the men. Richard Burr and John McCain, who interrupted her.
She was a prosecutor; that's what they do. But what are your thoughts about Burr and McCain?
I disagree w/ Republicans all the time but, I never want to see anyone harmed because of politics or any other reason.
Lets call this for what it is, white terrorism. While dummies address terrorists overseas, we have homegrown right here. It is unhinged.
Bla blabla bla
People like you in the so-called resistance have blood on your hands. Your angry rhetoric makes you as guilty as the shooter.
Resistance is peaceful, you should talk about what you know and you are wrong, gun control is needed
Bot
Nobody is calling for violence.  And you think war will #MAGA?!!!!
If you believe that you are part of the problem.  We are ALL Americans and want what is best for our country even if we disagree.
Thanks to CNN and the DNC hatred narrative! Stand up and tell the liberal media to stop the fake news and mass poisoning bias. You a leader?
Also praying for the victims of the UPS shooting in your home state.
Was it worth it Dems. You and the  media created this climate. I'm ashamed I once called myself a democrat
It's our fault that some nut shot Republican Congressmen because we call them out on their ill-advised policies? I don't think so...
You're into denial. The Resistance is promoting violence like we've seen in a number of places like Berkeley.
sides promoting violence—we've seen it on college campuses (as you mentioned) and we've seen it at Trump rallies & in cases of immigrants
So you support white supremacy and acts of terrorism?
It is not Conservatives who use the Muslim Brotherhood as advisors &it was not Republicans who created the KKK&Jim Crow Laws--that was Dems.
GOP shouldn't preach hate.
This is yours & the @democrats fault for stirring up your crazy base with conspiracy nonsense & #Resistance to a duly elected POTUS.
Who is responsible for Giffords getting shot?
Another left wing nut. Do your research on that gunman. He was a leftist. 
Research , Gabby Gifford gunman was a registered independent and had mental illness and drug issues, but yet he was still able to buy a gun
Virginia has gun checks. Perhaps ask them why this latest crazy democrat nutter was able to get a gun. 
Probably the same as always, the gun control laws are crap.
Your Dems colleagues are responsible for these left wing attackers. People like lynch and Warren telling the people to take fight to streets
Will you please run for POTUS in 2020?
I heard Trump paid the Russians to get aliens to hypnotize voters for votes. This must be investigated!  Kamala, get the truth, run, resist!
It's not right to attack our leaders in this way. so what if you don't like their actions: VOTE DON'T SHOOT!!!!!
Absolutely....this is the message DJT jr. should have tweeted this morning. But, he rather fan flames of hatred.
Tell that to DJT Jr. he's spreading hate on twitter right now. 
Just block Trump Jr. He is an asswipe.
To the others digressing from this tragic event: Sen. Harris' response is appropriate and shows statesmanship. She's a leader. Get over it.
She's no leader. The angry rhetoric of the left is inciting violence.
Could u provide some links to examples of rhetoric from "left" leaders that u think let to this incident?
Democrats leading the so-called "resistance" have been encouraging people to act. Some become violent.
I'm not aware of that specifically. I think our country is in upheaval period.
The groups Resist, Resistance, are most likely responsible for inciting this shooting. They will not like the country they are creating.
My money says you are wrong, the resistance works by making phone calls, showing up to town meetings, and walking in protest marches
Clearly you've never seen antifa in action.
Antifa is not what the majority of Resist is
Tell them that. They're in huge groups across the country.
They are the minority, go to town hall meetings, that is resists majority, people that don't want to lose their insurance, etc..
Need to open your eyes hun. Being trapped in an echo chamber.
Hey sweetie, you need to go to a town hall meeting and educate yourself so you quit spewing misinformation
Early reports were you laughed when you first heard the news. Will you confirm if this is true?
@SenKamalaHarris funny u can acknowledge ALL injured yet @POTUS can't seem 2 get past @GOP only thoughts & prayers! STAND FIRM UR AWESOME 
At least Congressmen can get a DC concealed carry permit now.  They have the justification required by the Democrat city.
Glad to hear Republican Representatives will be carrying concealed.  The way it should be for all law abiding adults.
When Republicans lose they don't riot and resist.  They organize and gain 1000s of state/local seats and win the Senate.
Democrats stopped supporting police a long time ago when they embraced the views of #BLM for votes. They still lost.
Your party and your media are responsible for the level of vitriol against the working taxpaying citizen of this country. Dems are losers.
You forgot "thoughts" that seemingly always accompany the pointless prayers.
Steve's blood is on the hands of all of the #SchumerClowns and their #FakeNews media wouldn't you say?  And a bit on comrade @SenSanders
Was it the Russians?
Nah, you wish Scalise were dead.
Oh really, I head you lol when you heard it
I have no sympathy for them. They had none for the children shot & killed in Newtown. Made fun of prez Obama for shedding a tear.
This is crazy! It doesn't feel real. I just watched the video. Wow!!
Amen
Indeed.
Have we reached the decline of American political  civilization? Gunning down members of Congress on a baseball field? Patriots weep...
This is result for republicains party Evil Evil party ....Donald Trump is president for himself with family business with Russia money
No...don't you dare..you just got done bashing rep on health care..u spew hate&lies..you are SCARED someone might retaliate..nothing else!!
Harris is a 2faced lying hypocrite....... don't believe her sentiment in sincere at all.
I don't.... #ShowBoat up & coming
Praying for him and his family!
How many times did you choke while typing this Kamala? #Garbage #Showboat
The disrespectful way you treat the other #Senators? Doesn't say that! YOUR hostile ACTIONS speak far louder than any of your words.
You don't help anyone with your anger used on the house senate floor... shame on you Kamela!!
So very very proud of you,
It's your message of hate that's causing the problem!
Me too.
#TrumpRepublicanCreatedThisEnvironment: SecurityLaxUnderTrump:
#RepublicanConsciousBeTheirGuide:Trump estray leadership along with his yes boss choir, created a intra aggressive attitudes on both sides. 
It's manipulative lying politicians like you who've caused this! Maybe stop lying to the public to push your agenda and for once do your job
everyday I pray for the children in yemen to live another day under trump admin. Healthcare is a good thing for all humans everywhere
Pro gun lobby is leaning back.
If only you spoke the truth..
ON  "Praying for Steve Scalise" :

Sadly the ONLY way a Republican will ever get prayers.
You are an angel and a fierce one
Indeed. Despite differing political views, we are all still human!
#GunControl
Pray that Scalise intiates legislation over gun laws. Or watch this happen again and again!!
Aren't we all tired of the fighting?!
God let this be the thing that brings us all together 

what NO sympathy for the LOBBYIST from Tyson Foods also wounded in the attack 
Oh of course don't want to admit 24/7 access of $$$ to D.C.
It's the words of trump that people are sick and tried of. This country is so divided because of this guy 
Period
Democrats need to stop inciting violence with their calls to "fight in the streets" and "Resist".
Imo, "Resist" is no more responsible for this any more than the gun used or trump for the murders in Portland. The shooter is to blame.
There's so much blame going around, but little acceptance of responsibility. What are we doing to create a more constructive environment?
I hear you buddy! I'm all for disagreeing and debating, but I don't take things so seriously that I wake up wanting to duke it out!  geez!
Liar.
Kamala Harris for president, run girl run.
Hypocrite. I don't believe you.
Violence is not acceptable!
Prayer is part of the premium package under the AHCA.
Watching Sen Harris act like a snobby grandstanding hateful person2turned my stomach
Kamalas performance yesterday along with Maxine  has fueled the crazy liberal nutjobs!
Yes. And for those in London and San Francisco.
Making the middle class pay double for shitty health insurance so the poor can stay home and get it FREE is not health care for all
Awwww, what a nice tweet. Did you tweet this before or after you joined an asinine lawsuit against the President?
me too. no one should be subject to this violence.
That shooter was hired by Trump to frame the democrats.  Try to prove me wrong- you can't can you????????????
Doesn't ring true
Left feeding the media bull shit and I'm sick of it. Biggest contributors @MaxineWaters @chuckschumer @AdamSchiffCA liar #Comey #trump2020
Your narrative gives power to these unstable individuals to commit these acts of violence. Respectful legislation is favorable. 
President just hosted a man in WH who threatened to kill Obama, constantly told ppl to hurt others and senator Harris is the problem?
That individual should be in prison for threatening to kill anyone especially our former President. What's his name?
Oh Milton. You know who it is. The NRA darling Ted Nugent. Look it up.
You speak words of comfort and sympathy. Now, lets see your action speak the same language.
@SenKamalaHarris if we aren't Democrats do you think you can stop interruupting long enough for us to pray? This post is hypocritical of you
like he prayed for Pulse victims or Sandy Hook children?
Senator, your theatrics from yesterday are part of the problem. "Thoughts and Prayers" are only words.  Start acting like a Senator.
Suggestion: To show (and maybe instill) unity, have the teams be mixed tomorrow instead of Rs versus Ds.
You pray! Yea right. We saw your hatred with your smart ass mouth yesterday. You and your party fan the flames of hatred OWN IT!!
Thank you, Senator.
Liar
But you whip up the violence, Senator.  Stop the croc tears.
Could you please pray that Steve Scalise opens his mind to sensible gun control laws, like limiting multi-round drums for semi-automatics?
Really????  You are such a fake and soul-less individual.
What it goes around comes around...
What do you expect in this environment you seem to embrace.
Me too
It is horrific, maybe NOW they'll consider an assault weapons ban...or not.
Today proves once again that the only thing that stops a bad person with a gun is a good person with a gun.
So how many more times will this have to happen before gun control measures are put in place?
praying for congressional staffers and police.
You are awesome!  DO NOT let them shut you down.  Call them on it every step of the way.  Thanks for all your efforts on behalf of us!
Horrific? Certainly. Unexpected? Sure. Surprising? Hardly. But it's foreigners we should fear most? I think not. Wait 4 GOP spin on this.
You and your hate. You own this.
It is indeed horrific.  People may be wondering what they can do .  This is something
Let's do something positive in response to the shooting. let's support the charities the Congressional Baseball game is for (see below)
Thanks for your help senator in adding to the charged political atmosphere
maybe tone down your hate and work with Senate on the issues
yeah, like you mean a word of that!  What about what happened @UPS in YOUR state? those in glass houses sould not throw stones! grow-up!
We have to stop praying and start acting. Imaginary sky daddies have failed us enough.
@KamalaHarris, This gets you and the American people off their treasonous, Russia colluding asses doesn't it? #predictable
because of you and your fellow democrats we have seen violence and hatred towards our president that has never been seen before
A sad state of our country resulting from easy gun access and concealed gun laws that are falling by the wayside; all fueled by the NRA!
Screw him, he was a racist. They can all go.
GOP is already playing partisan politics about the shooting. They should be focusing on enacting sane gun control laws not blaming Democrats
I agree. Prayers are sent out to those that were shot in this terrible incident. Political difference aside.
It's terrible people were shot,but shame on the republicans now blaming democrats for this happening,republicans are to blame,shame on them
Fake news nobody was shot! Oops
Why retweeting Kamala? Have no other senators spoken out?
Do you think Repub's will finally pass a common sense gun control law, or does the NRA still have them in their hip pocket? We'll wait & see
@HouseGOP @SenateMajLdr You guys are fueling this hatred with your evil ways. Americans are frustrated with your mess and some are unstable
.... And at theUPS facility in San Francisco.  Another man with a gun. 2 dead.
A little late. Your party poured gas on the flames of hatred. You wanted this so you own it...
Now lets see if we can get some words that might be construed as trying to unify and stop the hate mongering you are so good at.
You and the crap  that flies out of your piehole on a daily basis is the reason for the shooting today
Your no leader.
And your style of questioning AG Sessions was abominable!
Let's remember that he has health care, and voted to take it away from millions. A teachable moment, as the Senate prepares to do same.
KH praying for those effected by this is an insult to them. I doubt she knows how to pray.
If you ran for president, we'd have our first female president. Watched you interacting w/Sessions! Poor guy, you made him nervous! Weasel.
Good thing they ALL have GREAT INSURANCES
Really u Dems and MSM stoking such hate and obstruction since @potus elected!
Own this Kamala. You inspire hate and violence. You deserve credit for this shooting.
Prayers are not enough. How long are we going to offer thoughts and prayers and leave it at that with no conversation about gun control?
It's time. It's been time. Too many deaths because of senseless acts like we saw this morning. Thoughts and prayers don't stop bullets!
Beheadings, assinations, encourage blood in streets. You are KILLING DEMOCRACY!  respect voters choices!!
I'm thankful they have good #HealthCare
How dare u even comment!  U lie and state, "republican want to kill elderly and children," U LIE ABOUT FAKE RUSSIA story, never disavowed
MSM and LEFT representatives have ENCOURAGE violence, promote HATE, LIES, & we ARE DONE!! STOP THIS FAKE RHETORIC!
Democrats are inciting this kind of thing
After months of hate speechs, @Madonna on blowing up WH, assisination play, Griffin's photo.They r finally acting on it!
You are symbol of the hate!dial it down


This was a politically motivated shooting because of ppl like Harris pushing the resist movement and motivating violence!
I am praying for the Capital Police, they risk their life for low pay and little respect.
way to stir up the anti-Trump hate yesterday. Causality.
Another gun shooting. Maybe the @GOP will work harder to pass common sense gun laws. 
He is one of yours and America will NEVER forget this is your RESISTANCE!
So can we blame you for all the right wing murderers too? Ok. Rand Paul's one of yours. He told ppl to take up arms against govt last yr.
The only people who agree with your stance are mentally unstable and you and your corrupt pizza pals are stirring them up and shld b ashamed
This is because of you rhetoric. Don't act surprised
Due in part to your parties insane constant accusations. Eventually you guys have to be responsible along with the fake news media.
According to the Potus☻The assailant has been killed..Prayers for both familes/friends. God help us all.
Liar. You hate Republicans
So, these corrupt Congress people have enough time on a workday to practice baseball?!! We pay them to work and not for playing baseball.
Hope He gets well soon
What do Democrats think about their "resist" movement and the unhinged mentally ill people they are encouraging to use violence against GOP?
Someone was trying to slaughter Republicans!
@jaketapper  If and when the baseball game is held, it should be a combined bipartisan  team with East versus West.
trump looking for all the DISTRACTION he CAN GET.  "OJO"
#twofaced #stopkorruptkamala2020

So Know It's White Terrorism because they were shot at, what color do you label what Dylan Roof did in North Carilina?
Roof would be in the Radical Christian Terrorist category along with the Alt-Right (Coined by The Neo Nazi Richard Spencer)
Glad u r praying but why don't you and your party members come out and condemn this type of behavior?
I am saddened to hear of another shooting, yet hopeful we can have RATIONAL discussion about gun control.
Horrific !!thank the NRA why is anyone who is mentally unstable still allowed to carry a gun will u please tell me!
Why Republicans are so FOR gun ownership. People can now carry guns in there pockets here as long as they have a license for it. Sixk!
....however isn't it true that Republicans will not enact common sense gun control measures? Gun violence unacceptable everywhere in the US.
