Maybe this is Republican version of population control? When people start literally dying in the streets from lack of healthcare.
You have no idea what you are talking about but yet you seem to think your input has merit when you do nothing but propaganda the truth
"you don't know what you're talking about" isn't an argument, it's a rhetorical trick that won't fool anyone. This is a tax cut for the rich
Thank you! Pls elaborate. Pls educate us as to why a rich, born-w/-a-silver-spoon-n-his-mouth,frat boy mentality,sycophant cares abt others.
He cares like you do right is that what you want to hear tell us how you care what have you done to help other like he has tell us wise guy
I care abt ppl not like the bigot #SCROTUS who cares abt ppl like himself.I didn't run 4 POTUS but POTUS s/b respectful of ALL US citizens.
You are completely wrong Kamala on so many levels this is why we need more trumps  in the house and senate that know business & how it works
B.s. learn to read and punch numbers
The BS is a socialist liberal that believes your owed something try working &  reading the right info not your propaganda stop being a sheep
Wake up Kamala you have had every chance to have input on healthcare and yet you use every excuse you can to do nothing but cry wine save it
44 Public hearings were held for Obamacare yet Republicans refused to participate.GOPTP dont know how. 
This junk is not a healthcare bill
Obomacare care is dead liberal get over it the government owes you nothing this is not a socialist country it's America the home of the free
Change narrative to what will middle class lose.  Pre existing, higher rates, denial of procedures, children on policy til 26, women beneft?
Yeah, cause it's not a healthcare bill, it's a Tax cut bill for the wealthy that is funded by cutting health care of the middle class & poor
You may have to redo your math. Now his ass-holiness wants to just repeal & replace at a later date. Isn't that just the best idea ever?!? 
I already called
What happened to Russian investigation: Are Repubs hiding Russian senstive info?
omg you are nuts...keep up here honey...no collusion Russia was #FakeNews w/retractions and all..
Really!lol!
Yes really...
There was a movie Adams Family value in 93 the baby  hair turned to blonde  grammies said he could be president well they all fainted
Why are there no ads in red areas pointing this out?  Or are there?  I am in Trump hating NYC.
I got over 50 hits on my tweet. 2 or 3 days i found out who you were. Keep up the Good work
@dmontano030 Todays tweet says 'Repeal now, replace later'! Doesnt that mean no coverage between Repeal & Replace?
Tell the truth! Why do you lie to the people that voted you in ?
@NoNoNotNormal insane
Please do something
How is giving people choice as to whether or not to participate taking anything away?  This from the party who wants to redistribute wealth.
June 29, 2017
It’s Heterosexual Pride Day, Let Us Celebrate The People Who Keep The Human Race Alive
Thank god. Those 400 households have suffered enough. They've had to scale down to only 5200 actual houses combined
You and Mitchele should on the same ticket
Please help us Senator
Isn't it all about who can have the most money collecting dust? Please run for president!
Do any of those tax cuts apply to companies who guarantee health coverage to their employees?
No it wouldn't. Would allow no penalty if you don't carry it so many will drop it on their own.
more money is still more money even when its not as much more as was previously planned, stop fueling hysteria
Will you please run for President? 
Trump would eat her alive.
Its sad how many ppl believe your bs
It's the GOP motto Give to the rich, wipe out the poor.  If starving us doesn't do the trick poor health will, only slower. So annoying.
Liar
Please Impeach Trump before he starts a nuclear WAR
Our congress continues to fail us as a country. You are proving everyday it means nothing to vote R or D to the senate and the house.
On a side note, Why is @ChuckGrassley trying so hard to discredit McCabe and the FBI? He's trying hard to stop investigation
Do you remember when the US government was solvent?
Big question: does the GOP have a conscience???
We are a middle class household that no longer has decent healthcare thanks to OC. I hope new bill & tax cut happens.TY @realDonaldTrump
Winning!
Yeah, when the govt stops forcing ppl to buy crappy insurance, millions will opt out. Remember #ObamacareIsDead
Repeating something from the clown over and over doesn't make it true
Something tells me you are a little dim witted. That must be how the Dems fool you. Bye bye. Mute…
What a sensitive scared little Trumpflake you are
Kamala, You refused to prosecute the foreclosure king. I hate you 
@SenKamalaHarris @fuertecorazon #Resist
Can you explain why leftists feel those 400 households should be held responsible for other people's health care?
Is it not more compassionate when your policies are designed to get people off of entitlements?
22 mill/321 mill is approx 7%. All of us know those who will be devastated by #trumpcare. 400/321 mill doesn't calculate. Paths never cross.
And me, don't forget me..I want something for free...oh please, I'll vote for you
Republicans are mean .they Cheat ! They represent the worst in us ! They follow a real Sicko !
I love @KamalaHarris! 

#KamalaHarrisforPresident in 2020!

HARRIS & GILLIBRAND in 2020!

#RINO for Harris in 2020!
BS! Stop selling your fake stats! Put down your phone and get doing your job!
So true-2 many Americans being lied 2 If u care 4 Americans pls pass #KatesLaw & #No Sanctuary Cities 4Criminals Act
Mary Ann Mendoza: "Politicians are now protecting illegal criminals in our country, more than they are protecting you and I." #Tucker 
Qu'ils mangent de la brioche
Do we know how many would lose medical when they cut funding for Medicaid?
I think they are actually looking to give tax breaks a little further down: Incomes above $200k paying certain kinds of taxes.Still awful!
Please do keep up the fight. Your passion and integrity stand out and help America. Thank you.
It will not take away coverage 
It will allow all those mil. Who are forced yo keep or pay penalties under Ocare to leave
Maybe if GOP passes the bill, it will erode Trump's base. He needs to be removed for the sake of our nation.
Thank You! Trump's tweets are bad but, he wants us to forget about this!
Thank you from the single mom of a autistic son that also has epilepsy we love you in ca 
Broken record.  Maybe the 400 wealthiest households already pay enough in taxes or maybe the tax code is broken.
Voter Litmus Test- You either support #MedicareForAll and get our votes- or not. Your Choice.
That's because it's a wealth care bill
You already left millions uncovered and fined those who didn't want coverage! That's communism!
What a joke! We r fam of 4 w/ income of less than $75k. Bronze plan w/13k ded & 1200/mth prem unaffordable.  We r not rich! Ocare is BAD!
Poor people do NOT chose to be poor! They have tragedy in their lives. They have huge obstacles to overcome. Christian view is 2 help them!
Theft! What gives them the right?!
Important Reminder - Failing Obamacare has already seen many employers and employees hurt.  Will not survive.
Cool
It's not a healthcare bill, it's a tax bill, written to ensure the @GOP can give tax cuts to the rich.
You are so awesome!! I can vision you and @CoryBooker in 2020!!
Let's start a petition in California to throw Kamala Harris out of office, she's compromised and she's a racist!
It's the Russians not the GOP!
Mind boggling way to write health care policy.
liar
#DeathCare guts Medicaid, It`s genocide..I am disabled, likely to die. Compassion = providing Funeral & euthanasia. #Resist
Single payer now. 

Single Payer Now. 

SINGLE PAYER NOW.

SINGLE.

PAYER.

NOW.
-y//ap is a
If they're gonna keep calling the ACA ObamaCare & Hillary's plan HillaryCare, I'll call the AHCA plan TrumpDontCare
Thank you for keeping us focused!
Someone should make a list of the households who think their wealth is more important than tax payers children's health.  Tax $ 4 tax payers
No reminder needed..just please, PLEASE stop that lunatic!
Respectfully, your willful misrepresentation reminds me of, "liars, damned liars, and statisticians." Politicians running a close fourth.
Some of the 400 are our allies. Many are not.
I agree with everyone else tweeting, I love you & I want you to be #46!!!
Ugh
It's like watching Veep except it's horrifying
Thank you for your service!!!
There use to be a offer people sit in jail for a night to see how it feels.They need this for those take away people's health-care to exp
How?  Can someone please explain how it does that so we can get a clue what position to take?
Screaming at "Deaf Ears"...
The American HEALTH Act! #AHA! REV 1
Let Our Indulgences Provide HealthCare for ALL!
They cannot pass this because of the uprising that would take place and they know it. Delay is to keep the campaign contributors happy.
@McTic1 yep ...and hurt rural poor white's ...this is what they asked for ...take american back...
TRUTH,TOGETHER, Sen. Kamala Harris (Family)
400. Period.
Is it REALLY ONLY 400 households? We should print that list. SHAME! SHAME ON THEM.
@ateacher97 FACT: Tax-cutting experiment in KS PROVES cutting taxes for the wealthy does NOT stimulate the economy.
Crack pot....that's u
STOP HIM..
400 households are we kidding ourselves middle class! The ACA needs work it was never set in stone so let's fix it instead of this malarkey!
issues ...
The Turtle has a lot of Blood on his hands.
It just makes me sick!
Dang! I'm 401!
http://gf.me/vjpk  #GoFundMe 

Please share and donate. And if 45's healthcare goes through, I die.
SiNgLe PaYeR

@SenKamalaHarris With love in my heart, and gratitude in my soul, I say, PLEASE PROCEED SENATOR. % https://twitter.com/nowthisnews/status/875112482175627265 …
How's that job application going with CNN? 
Then support single-payer or go. You've already done enough damage to defendant's rights in your career of criminalizing truancy.
TRUTH !
 who's gonna forget that!
They want it to not pass so Obamacare stays and fails on its own and then they can say they tried
The oligarchs ... Which is why Trumpism and Putinism are so inherently similar
If you're the party of the #AntiChrist you have to take care of the top 0.0666% at all costs.
This bunch doesn't have a comprehensive healthcare plan in mind not the ability or desire to create one. Another Dirty Bill
400 wealthiest means @realDonaldTrump  doesn't qualify !
"Finished draining the swamp, Mr Trump. What now?"
"Start filling it with poor taxpayer's money"
#greed #onepercent
https://www.redbubble.com/people/bestofbad/works/24143857-the-donald-from-the-black-lagoon-t-shirt?asc=u …
This is EASY-PEASY
#unfollowtrump
It's time to name the GOP an official terror organization.
#KamalaHarris2020 PLEASE! #BreakTheGlass
EACH OF THESE WASHINGTON DC OFFICE VOICEMAILS HAVE PLENTY OF ROOM 2LEAVE VOICEMAILS.PLEASE CALL ASK 2VOTE NO ON MCCONNELL's BILL to KILL
EACH OF THESE WASHINGTON DC OFFICE VOICEMAILS HAVE PLENTY OF ROOM 2LEAVE VOICEMAILS.PLEASE CALL ASK 2VOTE NO ON MCCONNELL's BILL to KILL

Kamala. Why is it okay for GOP to lie to us? Why? How? Can they do this? 45's lies have an origin. 
It's so clear now.
All of mental health includes addiction. Please don't separate them. Medicaid serves our most mentally ill in case managemnt & kids with IEP
Who are the 400????????
It would be tight of you to propose a better system, then. Maybe make a positive argument instead of just "Uhhh, those guys sure do suck!"
Democrats have. It's called, "Amending ACA." Doesn't involve cutting Medicaid, it's good shit.
The ACA is shit, and people aren't buying it. Single payer is the way forward, but they're too cowardly to try leading us there.
I may move to CA just so I can vote for you. But the damn traffic....
Head to NorCal, move to Redding.
Yep. Now let's push single-payer and cost management! We can't just say their plan is bad. We must offer something better.
You do know that just last weekend Koch Bros hosted GOP (Mitch n P Ryan) holding 'wishlist'
The rest of us can always get coal mining jobs
And have massive cuts to elderly across this country
