Wife of T1 diabetic. If he lost ins or was placed in high risk pool, we could go bankrupt trying to pay for the insulin that keeps him alive
Why is insulin so expensive now? It used to be dirt cheap. Is it purely profiteering? How much does it cost in other countries I wonder?
In other countries insulin costs around $20-$25/vial. In the US, over ten times that.
In the 1980's, I used to buy a vial a month for my diabetic dog. It was $11 then- full price. So this is PURE PRICE GOUDGING
For my son battling late stage Lyme disease for 6 years. Too sick to continue on to college. Paying out of pocket. Specialists denying ins.
My wife also has Lyme disease was diagnosed in 2008 after we moved from Michigan to here in NC. Dr.Rob333 is right Absolutely stay positive.
I think doctors have the insurance companies convinced that there’s no such thing as Chronic Lyme Disease.
Very sad. I do not know how this is still a debate! Sending best wishes to you and your son
I called both of my Dem senators in MD. So many of my friends & loved ones have pre-existing conditions, #GrahamCassidy would bankrupt them
Thank you, Karen! Have you asked your friends and family to do the same? We really need all hands on deck if we want to #ProtectOurCare :)
Yes I have and they are calling their Senators & Representatives too! #ProtectOurCare
Great! Together we can win this!
My mother would be dead if it weren't for ACA
Calling for all & my daughter w/stage 4 cancer. Photo is of her w/gamma knife brain surgery frame, being goofy. I her. Save her care.
Mine is broken, too. My baby.Fighting for healthcare is the last thing we needed on top of this horrible diagnosis. And, we aren't alone.
Don't forget to split the state you fucked, before getting elected to the US Senate.  If we stay one, we bust up for rackets under your A/G.
My calls fall on deaf ears. Dirty Dean is a sponsor. I call, Tweet, Resistbot. He is holding NV hostage.
Gurrrl, I have to call McConnell. If I can call him, you can call your turd too.
Sending you love and strength!
Thanks! I hear you..Love & strength right back! I bet you call him a lot of things, I sure do. Those are 2 turds you can never polish!
You would be amazed the amount of cursing I can fit in 140 characters.  :-)

I don't have health care but plan on getting the ACA at the end of month. Too high on part time job! Pre-existing illnesses!
I live in Mark Meadows district. I have called 15 times this year about health care. They never answer the phone. They don't want to hear.
Mark Meadows is actually mentioned in this article, along with Jim Jordan (R-OH).
Call the number and say I am a constituent of (zip code) and I oppose this Grahm-Cassidy bill and he/she must turn it down. Keep calling!
Called many senators yesterday. I have a disabled daughter; she needs Medicaid to help pay for her prescriptions. We ALL need good coverage.
I called! I have Crohn's and my meds are $6000 a month without insurance. I bring home $3000 monthly as a college prof. It's just math.
I change lives with my profession every year. I pay taxes. I volunteer. My health care makes that possible. And btw, I VOTE EVERY ELECTION.
I called my Senator Rubio Senator McCain and Senator Collins to let them know I wanted them to VOTE NO!
How ya gonna feel if O'care goes belly up?
I am! I am standing up for what is right!
I called you office to ask you to support this legislation
2/ I was priced out of insurance after the 2nd cancer surgery and self-paid for 7 years. Procedures cost way more when you self-pay.
1/ I am a Nurse in Community Health. When Ocare happened, the number of people able to access care skyrocketed. Mental health and medical
2/health issue undiagnosed for years were found and treated. Quality of Lives changed drastically. Some of our homeless clients became well
3/ got jobs and housing.... because of Ocare, the vulnerable population I have the honor to serve, are getting well,  being productive..
4/ My heart breaks at the thought of Millions having that HELP & HOPE being RIPPED out from under them,   back to square one again
We have to register them to vote, if they're not registered.
Yes. We Do assist with that as well! But, when you have to take a day off work for  Election day you lose money, transportation issues etc
Have u checked early voting opportunity, laws, and rules in your State?
Yes thanks! We even have mail in ballots now. That has helped emensly!! I worry about voter supression in other states who don't have that.
Cannot reach Sen Toomey (R-PA) as his voicemailbox is full.  I don't think he wants to hear from his constituents.  How shall I proceed??
Same w @marcorubio.
ask @senmarcorubio to please vote NO since FL will get less $ and didn't expand Medicaid.
From an aide in Sen. Kamala Harris's office:
Thx aide: #copied
#SaveACA #GrahamCassidy #Trumpcare
Sharing: on FB Tools Pls keep Fight Up Thx
I called Tom Reed in N.Y ask for your Republican Congress in your state. As a maternity RN,this bill will not save lives! Get out there,Call
And make sure to call Harris' colleague Dinosaur Diane @SenFeinstein and tell her to stop taking big pharma money and support #Medicare4All
My son received addiction treatment through Medicaid.Saved his life, and kept his family (my grandkids) together. I've been calling.
My mom has severe dementia. I rely on Medicaid and Medicare so she can have the care she needs. I don't know what I'd do without it.
I was my mom's caregiver for her final years fighting Alzheimer's. I stand with you. 
I just don't understand anyone who thinks it's ok even consider denying my mom the care she needs. So sad. So backwards
I don't either. Our representatives don't have to be afraid. They're covered for life.
@samanthaross
What do I say if my senators name is on this shite bill.
Scream at the top of your lungs.  We can protest in DC if you want
DON'T OPPOSE. Its good in long run. We will surely prosper. Stop all what you are doing. You're doing it just for publicity. Stop now
I work in healthcare in WV. Without Medicaid expansion & then cuts to Medicaid hospitals in WV LOSE. Biggest hosp in WV is 80+% govt payer.
It's so bad, I couldn't get any coverage before the ACA. And so many on the expansion still work like me.  It's just criminal.
I am still on hold for Sen Murkowski listening to band music for 10 min. At least I was able to leave a msg for Sen McCain Ready to hang up
Don't hang up please -she is one we can count on -hopefully- for a NO Vote she cares about America-please don't hang up
I recalled Sen Murkowski and pressed ext for Alaskan residence. It didn't ask for my address and let me leave a message to please vote NO!
What insurance plan do you have? Are you on Obamacare? What are your premiums & deductible? Receive subsidy? Tell us your story?
Spinal stenosis, 2fusions, 5surgeries total, more coming. Lots of pain. I won't qualify for insurance if #GrahamCassidyBill passes. #VoteNo
I am a 52 yr old woman who has Rheumatoid Arthritis & Fibromyalgia. If pre-existing conditions determines if I get care my life is over 
That is wrong! You should not have to worry about that! #LifeIsPreExisting
Agreed! And the stress of the constant attempt to demolish it is draining
2.  I carry the burden of knowing what a slow, torturous death would feel like, as I was on that path before treatment.
4/ When I had my artery dissection, had I not had coverage, I would have waited to call 911. And I wouldn't be here to send these tweets.
I'm in NYC and called R Senators when I heard Murkowski welcomed calls outside her state. My family relies on the #ACA. Thank you, S. Harris
She does?
So I read. In a tweet or two. But I left my zip code on voice mail.
I called my 2 Dem Senators. SO EASY to do. I'm lucky to have no personal healthcare hardships. I just care deeply about my fellow Americans.
Lisa Murkowski is accepting calls from other states too...please call her too!
I called from Florida
I called from Colorado...and keep calling Sen. Gardner too, but his commitment seems to be to the Koch bros donations.
Call them all! The health of millions rests in the hands of 50, seemingly selfish, partisan politicians, who are deaf to their constituents.
Good to know! I'll call @lisamurkowski tomorrow. I'm glad she wants to hear from us. It shows me she's doing her job to protect Americans.
Well, I hope she votes that way.
She's been stalwart. Has more spine than her party. Let's hope.
I am overseas in a country with single payer healthcare. My elderly parents at home in the USA. I'm so worried about them losing coverage.
I want them to leave the USA to come live with me in a country that cares about their healthcare. (But they are holding onto hope).
I sure wish I had that option. I'd jump at such an opportunity! We are under attack by our own Government and people just can't see it.
It's very sad. I am appalled at my country.
I called both my senators. You're one of them! I left a message with your staff, who were very helpful. Thanks for fighting for me.
I've tried all day and no one is answering phones. Spineless Repub senators. Country before party.
1) I pay for my own health insurance out of pocket. When ACA passed, my premium increased by 150%.
2) I'm fighting to keep the ACA for all those who are sick and I'm happy to pay the extra money to know they'll be covered.  END
Done.  please lead way for withdrawal (w/15 senators sponsoring @SenSanders Single Payor.  GOP welcomes focus shift from its draconian bill.
We are being bought and sold by the Repubs. They are not putting people before party, ego and BS! We will vote them out!
Yes, but it seems fruitless and they don't seem to care. More interested in doing their right rather than what's right.
Such a tough thread to read. What the f*ck is wrong with the @GOP ? Totlly heartless, cruel, unnecessary. All just to pander to their donor$
@ValerieCorey1 I call my Senator, Cory Gardner daily...he doesn't care how much Cassidy Graham hurts Coloradans! What now?
Keep calling keep doing everything you're doing. Use your voice as your power to stop this ungodly bill from passing and killing us. Thanks.
I have two sons w/ autism. If ppl w: pre-existing conditions are allowed to be charged signif more, they won't be able to insure themselves
I have multiple health issues and I'm about to lose my care. I'm calling my reps but they're republican so I doubt it'll do good.
Thankful I live in Oregon! Thank you @SenJeffMerkley @SenRonWyden
Talking to @BobCorker as his constituents means nothing without donor $ to him. Help us Kamala, you are our only hope.
Please vote no on this bill!!!
I've called Sen. McCain and Flake. One of my children and I have pre existing conditions. We couldn't afford coverage. 1 Med is $735/mo
@SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski @SenJohnMcCain Senators, you did the right thing last time. America looks to you again: NO on #GrahamCassidy
Kamala. Would you please share this. Drumpf blocked her on twitter. She has stage 4 cancer. https://www.facebook.com/NancyPelosi/posts/10155998449794384 …
Boycotting Koch brothers products...
TY! I will #GrabYourWallet and boycott
WHY ALL THE RESISTANCE & OPPOSITION?   WHY NOT SOME SOLUTIONS - NOT JUST BITCHING AND WHINING????
I called Merkowski and left a message and I spoke with a young lady at Cassidy's office. #ACA #FAMILIES #RAREDISEASEFAMILY #PREEXISTING
My son is asthmatic and my husband is waiting on a liver transplant. I have polycystic liver and kidney disease. I'm in AL #ProtectOurCare
RN. Inner city hospital. Everyone needs to feel they have access to healthcare before it's an emergency. Everyone benefits, $ and lives.
Repeal Obamacare,it will be a disaster. Perhaps killing sick Americans and the Republican party. Might be worth it.Lesser of two evils.
My Grandma got medical care and help with an in-home nurse at the end of her life, thanks to Medicaid. Been calling my MOCs! #ProtectOurCare
"Affordable and Adequate" is NOT A GUARANTEE of coverage for pre-existing conditions. States can opt out. @LindsayGrahamSC @BillCassidy
We need s BIPARTISAN sustainable h/c system,  not a one-term solution. @LindsayGrahamSC @SpeakerRyan @realDonaldTrump Get it right!
I called my congressmen BC having endometriosis, interstitial cystitis,colitis,& fibro is expensive&painful.18surgseries & out of state care
My 4yo son has a #raredisease that requires a special diet for life to avoid brain damage/coma/death. #ProtectPatientsNow
@SenKamalaHarris I call @senrobportman daily. As a physician in Ohio, my patients depend on Medicaid expansion... G-C=catastrophe
Because I can see outside of my own experience & care about the well being and medical care of ALL people.
Gestational diabetes result in Type 2 after birth. Control w/meds. Now will always have pre-existing cond, terrified of caps as grow older.
Live & work for TX. Mom to 5 year old, wife to man w/hypothyroidism.Caretaker for 69 y/o father -veteran, ret fire fighter, also diabetic.
I call Portman often but have no faith in him. But I have to do SOMETHING.  Can you talk to him for me? I  love Sen Brown.
Calling 202-224-2131 and using Resistbot to fax Senators Bill Nelson (D-FL) & Marco Rubio (R-FL) #RESIST #SILVERREVOLUTION
I've called all on list. My dem. Senators oppose, this is about us ALL. My grandson had surgery at 9 mos- ACA made that possible. #CallAll
I'm calling you!  And thanking you and @SenFeinstein for opposing this heinous bill. I stand with you both!
@SenToomey is one of my MoC. Call his offices all of the time. Rarely get through. Lines busy, voicemail full. NO INTEREST in constituents
Conversely, @SenBobCasey is easy to contact, friendly staff and is a leading force for the resistance. Those calls always feel productive.
Yes i have called and tweeted marco Rubio
Calling. 19 yo son just diagnosed with eye disease & requires surgery. W/o will go blind. Terrified for future ability to afford  coverage!
I made more calls than these yesterday Senator, including 1 to your office to say "Thank you!"
I was a pre-existing condition until the ACA: incurable genetic disorder (Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome) kept me from seeing doctors...
Even though I had many issues: widespread chronic pain, joint dislocations, muscle spasms that needed help. I'm still not well...
But I have a shot at regaining full functionality as I continue to work with my care team. We need to keep the ACA intact. Thank you!
Called and tweeted my rep John Cornyn,old him about my granddaughter, who's a preemie with heart & brain issues. She gets subsidaries, but
with #GrahamCassidy she would lose those, her parents would go bancrupt before the baby would be 1 year old
Most recent, she finally came home at 4 months old. She was born at 24 weeks, not even a pound. She'll suffer under #GrahamCassidy
Each of my family members, likely nearly all Americans, has some aspect of his/her life that would be negatively impacted by this bill.
So, I was going to be against it for personal & familiar reasons, but that's not why I'm calling my senators, and other states' senators.
I'm calling & writing because I know I'm one of the lucky ones, and this bill will kill lots of my fellow citizens, and ruin many more.
It may not be the definition of heartless and malicious, but it is an excellent example. Millions will suffer A few will benefit. UnAmerican
Was a healthy 37-year-old when I was diagnosed with a rare, incurable cancer. If I lost insurance, I could never afford a $14K/mo treatment.
Tweet ME if you're going to explain why you voted for the GOP $700 Billion military expenditure bill. #WTFDemocrats
Called MD Sens. and e'm'd McCain, Murkowski, and Collins. Wife and I have ins.through jobs, but she has kidney trans. and G-C terrifying!
Dad used GI bill to buy tools to start a business.6 kids,a home 2 http://businesses.Mom  got ill&went over cap.Bankrupt 40 yrs of work gone
We SO need you now Senator! Thank God for your compassion and hard work.
You bet I've been calling all day! Urging them to understand a yes vote is tantamount to GENOCIDE!! Millions will die as a result. Fact!
I told @SenThomTillis & @SenatorBurr that my younger brothers, one of whom is autistic & the other who has diabetes, can't be uninsured.
Have allied every day, more than once. We must stop this!
I called my NY Senators & 6-7 red staters. I told them I'm scared for my best friend who's been sick for 20 years & covered by Medicaid.
I did, and I'll do it again, and again, and again,....
I called and emailed @SenJohnMcCain, @lisamurkowski, and @RoyBlunt yesterday.

Will be doing the same on my break today.
I have pre-existing conditions, but I'm fighting more for the people with worse conditions than I have

Everybody should be able to get help
without going bankrupt.

Healthcare is a fundamental right.
Calling @lisamurkowski because dammit! when did taking care of each other and making sure people stayed alive become a radical idea???
My gd friend is a 35 singlemom. Just diagW/cervical cancer. Spread 2 lymph nodes.Had hysterectomy&Nds aggressive trtmnt.Shewill die w/outACA
My 13 y/o daughter was born with spina bifida and hearing loss. WV Medicaid/Medicaid waiver are essential for her care/community support.
A teacher in my district is 41 and has a 9mo old daughter.  Was just diagnosed w/ stage 4 lung cancer. Needs ACA 2 give him more time 
I have a disability and owe my independence to #MedicaidMatters
Have a NORD disease will die. Leaving my children and world without me. At least I won't meet these thieves and murders in heaven.
Calls in. No story just someone who always had health ins.  Grateful and wishes same for all.  SHAME on senators who vote yes.
I  have contacted my senators in Delaware to vote no against this horrendous bill.  I think Wash. forgot they were voted in to help the
To help people not destroy them.
Using this as a guide, I would expect roughly a $61,000 surcharge for pre-existing conditions.
#BountyHunters Graham/Cassidy. Koch Bros gives GOP $400M for 2018 only if *ACA is repealed* & tax reform passes. Graham urgency.
My son's 1 yr kidney transplant anniv. is 10/03. He has fought too damn hard to lose hope bc of #GrahamCassidy.
My son: 
● Born w/RARE disease
● 212 surgeries
● 842 days hosp.…
This is what I faxed to my Senators.
I had a liver transplant. Insurance paid over 1million. If my pre-existing condition isn't covered, I will die.
Please don't let this pass! I am 67 years old and disabled due to doctors. I have had 7 surgeries and I can only keep going on $$$$ meds &SS
Many of my friends are small business owners with pre existing conditions. With Graham-Cassidy health insurance wld be impossible for them.
My little sister had ovarian cancer at 21. I have children and battle with depression/ anxiety every day. We are pre-existing conditions.
My daughter has epilepsy due to cerebral palsy. She depends on ACA coverage. Going to school and working PT. @tedcruz @johncornyn don't care
Why don’t they realize @SenJohnMcCain saved them from themselves last time? Passing this will hand control of the house to the dems in 18
Calling sharing my personal story of ACA and MediCal allowed us to fight for our son following his traumatic brain injury from Car accident
My 41 y.o. Daughter is alive bc of the Medicaid exp in CA.  Cured her hepatitis C & now she is working as a nurse again!
I call  b/c all deserve healthcare, w/o fear of bankruptcy or inability to receive life saving treatment & I would be less human if I didn't
I worked in laboring jobs & health care position from age 14-62, I woke up one a.m. with severe back pain, had to have surgery, then ...
Neuropathy occurred, arthritis, breast cancer, Medicaid was the only option. IRS lost 4 yrs of my income tax returns, social security only..
Pays me $700. P/mo Can't get SSDI, unable to get back to work due to on going medical care. Now using a walker. Lost copies of tax rtns in..
2004, Hurricane Charlie. Any work I do now the govt deducts from my early retirement or SSI. It's criminal. I'm homeless. This stupid bill..
Graham/Cassidy bill will leave me in more serious debt, & living in my car. It's got to be stopped. I make calls every day. Help
Calling  to protect hubbies, preexist condition & mental health care
Called Johnson WI. Disabled 30 yr vet teacher terrified I will lose Medicare supplement b/c I am under 62.
I'm in Texas.  Cruz & Cornyn don't give a rat's ass about non millionaire constituents.
Done
I called from Pennsylvania.
Can never forget a self-empl friend w/o ins due 2 pre-existing conds saying she was hanging on for the ACA.
She didn't make it-died 12/23/14
Use his quote, a Kennedy! Joseph P Kennedy the 3rd. Must be elected President or VP! He is MY Vote, and so are you Kamala Harris!
We must note the names of all who love to play with American lives just because they are different and give them the final send off in 2018.
Husband with pre-existing conditions, spontaneous pneumothorax which required surgery on left lung. Plus 20 & 18 yr old sons on our policy.
people might prefer to her your story of being willie brown mistress, that would be for more interesting
I have a pre-existing condition.  Without ACA it's impossible for me to get insurance.
It's really exhausting to have to constantly beg Congress for our lives and the lives of our loved ones
Disability care is the only thing that gives my mother access to life-saving surgery and life-improving medication.
My stepdad is HIV+. Cuts to disability programs mean he has to make $30k/yr just to get medication, before accounting for food, utilities.
If anyone knows what to do when your Senators are the callous, pompous mess that Cornyn and Cruz are, let me know.
#PLEASE #VOTE #AGAINST the #GrahamCassidy Bill! #California Says #No! #HealthCare #Medicine #Koch #Evil #SinglePayer
Can't call it TrumpCare since there is NO CARE IN THE FREAKING PLAN!!!
It pays for wound care for my 71yr old father Medicare has kept him alive for my children!!!!  Tell REP and TRUMP to shove the bill up his..
Sen Harris we need you to not just fight for healthcare for us but we need our White House back so we can get back to being GREAT!!!!
This is exhausting.  To repeal something that, though not perfect,  actually helps is simply cruel.  Exhausted medical care is now a hostage
I'm ask you to remove TRUMP so we can have government back again!!
I did, but I'm sure Marco Rubio will offer another Bible verse and then Vote for cutting HealthCare to millions. Reps just don't care
So you are the person who just voted for 700 trillion dollars to the Pentagon? Who gives a flying crap what you are collecting ?
We got you Kamala!
I'm Canadian so not applicable

We feel Health care is a RIGHT not a Privilege for the RICH.

We pay higher taxes & don't go bankrupt for HC
Beautiful son 22 with mental illness.  His life depends on his access to medication that for now is covered under us.
I texted my state Senators and called Senator Murkowski, who is taking calls from people from other states...or so I heard.
I do not trusr most of our state governments to do what's right... depending could change the population of the state's that are compromised
I am in Florida and have an ignorant governor that did not allow Medicaid expansion...and how about us who have live with HIV for many years
Hey who's "Rocket Man"
I called Senator Ted Cruz's office this morning from Georgetown, Texas.
My son-in-law is a cancer survivor, will not be able to afford HC if the #GrahamCassidyDeathBill passes. Please share with GOP colleagues.
I can't help but notice that Rep Senators respond to questions w/ loud voices and comparison to Obamacare, but no straight answers.
I called and emailed McConnell & Paul to make sure they knew I was a NO
. B4 ACA I have arthritis & was denied insurance after a divorce. Underwriting policies & Lifetime Caps would end my healthcare.
.  My adult son will be devastated if underwriting policies & Lifetime Caps return. 4 Crohn's surgeries and more to come.
Vote no!!!!!!!!
Being lucky enough to be on a Group Plan doesn't blind me to the plight of others.  #CassidyGraham is a travesty.
#VoteNOGrahamCassidy
I talk to  @SenCoryGardner's machine every day. No humans in any state or DC office! #noGrahamCassidy
Thanks for doing your part to keep the pressure on Gardner and letting him know Coloradans oppose #GrahamCassidy!
I called Senator Lisa Murkowski's office and urged her to act courageously once again.
I had 6 friends diagnosed in last year w/ breast cancer. W/o mammogram coverage, they likely wouldn't have been until it was too late.
Called from PA, this would impact not only me but friends and family with pre-existing conditions
I have called both Senators (TX). I have Type 1 diabetes. For those who don't know the difference, Type 1 is hereditary. Need to be insured.
My son has autism. I'm losing sleep over his future. I live in Mass. so my senators are with me. I called Capito, Collins and Murkowski.
My son was born at 24 wks. My husband and I both have good jobs but would not have been able to for his health care. Look at him now!
I'm one of Cassidy's constituents. (70810) He doesn't care.
Who are the GOP Senators on the fence? I have called some...but willing To focus my efforts. Thank you for all that you do.
I'm calling @SenateMajLdr. I have a pre-existing condition not covered by #GrahamCassidy. Can't get through & no option to leave a msg.
Will share that the cost on existing California businesses is crushing them and leaving way to larger companies?
Done! Letting my NC representatives know where I stand, but I doubt they will listen. They haven't in the past, but will keep trying.
I had breast cancer this year
Thank goodness I had affordable health insurance
A double mastectomy and I'm better and back at work!
I did!!! & sent emails!!!
I live in Massachusetts with Liz Warren as my Senator, thankfully.
Even if I didn't have a personal stake here, it's the right thing to do. People die when hc is out of reach. We can't go back on hc.
#GrahamCassidy & other R/R bills have been like saying "I really don't like taking these pills, let's just go back to leeches & mercury."
I am calling everyone I can-INCLUDING my Rep in the House,@RepTomReed to object to this travesty: I have an autistic child& kid w/Hashimotos
I contacted Charles Grassley and Joni Ernst from Iowa!!!
I called. My reps' offices assure me they're voting NO. @SenatorDurbin @SenDuckworth
Calling and faxing @senrobportman every day. #killthebill
Living with Type I diabetes since 1995. No eye or kidney problems (TG) because of care team. Uncovered monthly Rx over $750. Would kill me.
Congress is playing with the mental and physical Health of Americans. People r reeling after major disasters. Pure #CRUELTY
As an outsider lookin in i find it strange to see America setting such bad examples and ending the need for my profession elderly care....
We need to look at the areas that aren't working in the #ACA and fix the bugs. Like any new system their will be adjustments required.
I've worked in Healthcare for 25 years. This is not something politicians should be doing single handed. They need the input of many
I called and emailed from Connecticut to GOP senators in other states.
My disabled adult son depends on Medicaid for his care. Graham Cassidy puts that at risk. If not for good insurance his birth $24k in 1992.
With only a 13% approval for last GOP try, they have proven that Big Donors matter more than American people. Calling as many Sens as I can!
Calling everyday because the sheer inhumanity of this bill is enraging--unfortunately, I'm in NC with Burr and Tillis, also called Murkowski

H/c should be a right, not a privilege. If GOP cared abt the public, they wld attack the "cost" of h/c, but they r owned by corps/lg donors
Family with mortgage, hopes of college & providing for kids. I just want insurance that doesn't bankrupt our dreams when life happens.
I've been calling @SenToomey every day to remind him that ppl w/o healthcare die, and killing people is bad, which I guess is controversial.
I've called several MOCs: adult daughter with Crohn's; niece born with atresia: both have hit any "lifetime cap." This bill is a Death Panel
Medicaid cuts will increase nursing shortage for medically complex kids coming home from the hospital may equal forced institutionalization
I am calling to oppose Trump-G-C. I have two sons with pre-existing conditions. This bill is a moronic plague that threatens their futures.
Please vote no.
I'm an Ovarian cancer survivor as of May 12th 2017! I need to continue getting my healthcare! I definitely oppose the Graham -Cassidy Bill!
My son is 4. Without the ACA, his cancer is a pre-existing condition, and not covered. Which means no healthcare without bankruptcy.
I know more children who had heart surgery under age 6 than adults who had heart surgery over 60. #nolifetimecaps #SaveACA #GCbilliscruel
Every single day. @SenatorBurr @SenThomTillis Answer your damn phones!
My 9 Yr old granddaughter was diagnosed with type 1 diabetes this yr. she will need affordable ins for life. This bill hurts her
My granddaughter is on the spectrum.  High-functioning, 138 IQ. Punished because of something she has no control over.
http://landwheremyfatherdied.blogspot.com/2017/07/obamacare-is-failure-no-republicans.html …
No. Get responsible
Yes I oppose that garbage and everyone I talk to. just about every American with any sense should!!!
I’m on it everyday!
Made several calls yesterday!
78-yr-old husband, I'm 60. IHSS provides mine; SS his. Relatively healthy now. Both post cancer. Future unknown. Wildly egregious bill. BAD!
I posted all the sen ext # on FB on every site available. I have chronic pain 6 spine surgeries. I can't make it w/caps on coverage.

Rand Paul: Voice mail
McConnell: Voice mail not accepting messages (just like during the last 2 repeal attempts)
10/ #healthcare properly. I can't imagine giving up all comfort, leisure activities, holiday trips and working two jobs just to you can pay
11/ back the bank for a loan you took after a multiple digits set of medical bills. A country where even the successful son of the
9/ so called advanced country where parents have to watch their young child suffer or die because the government can't/won't handle
8/ impairing her breathing. Had we lived the US at that time, we'd probably still be in debt to pay those medical bills. I can't imagine a
