PM Modi's @BJP4India party and sister concern @RSSorg is the KKK and white nationalist organizations of India.
holocaust
Isnt it a mountain?
Oh you already said its a mountain. Ok, thanks for the info.
You are welcoming a PM who is seen to have caused an undeclared "emergency" in India, killing beef eaters, muslims, favoring fundamentalism!
I don't know which part of world you're living in..? I am in India don't see any kind of so called  undeclared or declared thing
You don't see anything that conflicts with your Hindu nationalist views
please explain what you R trying 2 say?People like U cried foul against Modi for 13 yrs yet people made him PM
Him getting elected means ethnic cleansing is okay?
ethnic cleannsing.? Where in Kashmir...S there it happened the native hindu pandits thrown out of their home land
Ethnic cleansing is what Pakistan did to its own in E.Pak, now BDesh: massacred lakhs. And now doing same to Balochs
thanks but he is shit
Oh nice, care to elaborate
Just search Gujarat 2002 on google
Well u r the smartass why dont u tell the story?
& Thank god for google, yahoo & twitter. I dont have to see fascist like u in real life
Don't bother arguing. She is glad to be followed by @TajinderBagga who is the troll in chief and supreme abuser of Modi troll army.
you are not entitled to reaffirm a relationship, you are an elected official that serves CA not special interest
Hi, when you meet PM Modi please do address the current lynchings, minority persecutions and terror of RSS/Bajrangdal. Tnx.
Please address the human rights abuses against the minorities that are currently taking place in India. Thankssss :):)
You can see how hateful the replies of Modi fans are to this tweet. Imagine how hateful Modi is to have these kind of fans.
You must be pretty peaceful Owasi and Pappu Gandhi fan. lol Retardation detected.
A bit of hypocrisy there sen Harris, Modi is India’s Trump spec on social issues. Educate yourself a bit
Naah, she wants to keep her minority voters happy nothing more.
pretty funny the blatant double standards the DLC deploys when their Great Centrist Hope is actually bad on minority issues
Why are you embracing a known Islamophobe who previously couldn't travel here bc of his role in genocide of Muslims in 2002 in Gujarat?
@BJP4India has raised a lot of religious fanatics into power in many states. Minority rights are being violated every day.
Yeah the Americans reading this tweet will realize how tolerant and accepting Modi fans are. Keep exposing yourself just like this.
So is this ISIS IT cell?
Is this from an RSS brown shorts?
OFC you do, but please do ask him about the cleansing of minorities especially Muslims in India. Just yesterday, 4 muslims boys  lynched.
Cleansing? Their population growth is more than hindus. I know you propaganda machinery tools well, You hate India bc of it's hindu majority
Tolerance is virtue practiced by Hindus, lest it b construded as weakness,
Killing people specially Muslim for carrying beef is not tolerance you cow pee drinking terrorist!
This stance should disqualify you from the 2020 possibles list. Do you care at all about his role in the 2002 Gujarat massacres?
Can never b forget Modis Role he controlled the riots in 24 hours, in 3 days was under control Congress ruled Rajasthan Maharashtra & 1/2
Sure, support a murderer why don't you #UncleTom #BandarKiAulad
Are you fucking kidding me?!?! Can we get ONE potential 2020 candidate from @TheDemocrats that isn't fawning over strongman dictators? 
Disappointed at your hypocritical attitude in welcoming him while the communal harmony & secular nature gets destroyed by his party.
Thanks for your welcome senator on behalf of PM Modi.Both countries need to get together for economic prosperity of each other countries
Ha ha that's true. Trump has many real estates investment in India. #MAGA #MakeInIndia has same thread. Let see what happens .
We all are showing on our opinions on "Make in India" by the devices "Made In China"  #MakeInIndia
Senator I m ur constituent. Its my request 2 ask raise issue of lynchings on minorities in India with Mr Modi #murderedbymob #ModiTrumpTalks
This is just for show. Don't think she actually give a shit about India otherwise she would've called out pm for his actions.
May be you r right but show matters a lot. She is a senator n every word coming Frm her has meaning and consequences she shud understand tht
Trump will fuck that up
Relax and keep it PG please, Thx

Yes, and all educated.
Completely untrue statement.
How so
Well Trump and Modi both want to ethnically cleanse Muslims sooooooooooooooooooooo
He is just like Trump. You could say, Trump has probably learned from Modi.
He's the most criticized but at the same time most respected and effective politician of our time
Hope you will ask Modi to give up Hindu chauvinism and stop #lynching of Muslims and Dalits in the name of cow protection. #Lynchistan
Thanks for welcoming the PM of India!
Ouch... screw Muslims, I guess?
Since you like him so much mam I request you to kindly keep him. He's quite useful in some ways. You'll never miss a traffic camera for eg
Don't you talk about civil rights in US?
This disappoints me senator. I like you but Modi is not someone who should be welcomed.
Awesome. So many Hindu fascists came out of the woodwork to prove exactly why @narendramodi is not a good guy.
Plz ask him his view on the  lynching deaths of Indian Muslim because of rumours they might have eaten beef
Modi is a male chauvinist. Indian duplicate of Trump who trounces civil society, minorities m democratic prinpls .Also known female stalker
Why are you welcoming a xenophobic, evil  bigot?
Showing your true colors.
while u r welcoming this bigot ask him why his govt hasnt done anything 2 prevent Muslims lynched in india on fake accusations on beef eatin
Do better
Rethink this
That's wonderful, he is basically a fascist
Pretty much sums up Democrats. Congratulations on being such spectacular failures & losing multiple elections to a bag of orange cheetos.
Really? 21 Cali kids abducted and illegally detained in #India and you welcome such a leader instead of condemning ? Shame !
modi is a genocidal nationalist. indian muslims won't forget.
No Probs. We Indians supports him as our PM Jai Hind
i'm indian, too. 
Modi is India's Trump. Hypocrite.
Two nations bound by authoritarianism.
He's a fascist. He's the Indian Trump at best. How can you not know this?
Dems &GOP in govt are the same on this front. Beliefs and ideology mean nothing, only policy. Doesn't matter if horrible stuff is happening.
She is trash but there's no way she'd introduce him as "PM AND aspiring Génocidaire @NarendraModi". Not even Corbyn would I'm afraid...
Ask @narendramodi about the issue of "beef ban" and "beef vigilantism", condoned by his party while he is silent.
Clearly visible on your thread here how Dems have been brainwashed! No brain and critical thinking!
Modi's Hindutva allegiances are proto-fascist and should NOT be accommodated.  He's to be classified alongside Trump, May, LePen and Hofer.
So racism and minority attacks are bad in america, and good in India. HYPOCRITE!!!!
Exactly! And her followers are falling for it thinking PM is some kind of Saint or something. Lol
BRAVO SENATOR, PRIME MINISTER! HEARTIEST WELCOME SIRE WITH ALL OF OUR LOVE AND INFINITE GRATITUDE FOR YOUR STRENGTH IN YOUR HUMILITY!
What are the take aways. ? Are u supporting to announce  Pakistan a Terror State.?
what unbreakable bonds are there between india and the US lol, i mean, no offense but... i think those are some strong words
Let's hope the President doesn't do anything too embarrassing.
We are more interested in US decision about terror state Pakistan..N what's ur future actions with them..
please do not let PM meet with orange cheeto head..you intervene & take PM to dinner or movies but keep cheeto butt away from PM
Thank you senator! Modi is India's pride and we all here are so excited about this trip to strengthen the bonds between the two countries.
Ugh
Let's pray Trump doesn't screw this up too
You know right Indian pm is far right extremists ?
Prob not. American Liberals are  besotted with party politics; know very little beyond that esp when it comes to FP or global geopolitics.
What will u do for bonding
I dare you to talk to him about the genocide and lynching under his watch. Will you?
Thank you
For world peace India and America should work together particularly Islamic terrorism a great threat to  all who believe in peace and love
Mdm Indians reciprocate ur good wishes for unbreakable bonds between the pple of two great democracies of world.Exceptions can b as always
Thank you Ma'm, future POTUS 
Just learn about the impact of his version of nationalism in India. It would be unconstitutional in USA & decried by democrats
Trump would say Let's smoke peace pipe
Kamala  Ethnic Cleansing 
Rice bag convert.
Touchwood
Oh cmon! You know he is just a smarter Trump. For once, show that you are a real leader and not just a grandstander.
At this point dems will appreciate any kind of extremist leader but not the potus
um
India and US should focus on developments, not arms
No
அப்படியே இரண்டு வருடம் உங்க நாட்டிலேயே அவரை வைத்துக் கொள்ளவும். நன்றி
Can we affirm the bond while decrying his execrable record of promoting hindu supremacy & intolerance? It's Trump-like in its awful impacts.
Adat dal lo, 4 nxt 25years he 2 b to  the key factor in india, Hindus r 90% supermcyi numbers yes, but equal treatment4all, appeasmnt sorry
What????
Wanna try out for president? Instead of feigning foreign relations with an authoritarian, Say single payer on tv.
Hindu nationalism is very woke and good
grace and integrity: this is how a President should speak and act.
Talk about human rights in India. The ability of NGOs to operate freely, religious rights of minorities, Kashmir.
Those funded by saudi arabia are banned. So what's the problem?
Shocking, blinders on foreign policy while touting how inhumane Republicans are eh?
Earlier it was breakable?
thank you on behalf of a billion people
Love to welcome a diverse cast of fascists
Gross
Thank you!
Thanks
Maa'm ask Modi ji to Visit India too..Mob Lynching happening Daily basis in India..Plz ask Modi jo to Visit India too when he get time.
Exactly. In Sri Nagar DSP Mohammed Ayub Pandit lynched in mosque just days ago in Sri Nagar. Lynching people cos of Hindu name needs to stop
He's a fascist aiding the slow massacre of Muslims in India everyday. Much worse than Trump. Shame on you.
Fascist who??Your Race is Multiplying n enjoying their stay in India.It's Heaven.
PM Modi is welcome but you are not
@BoghawalaHemali @narendramodi thanks
Provided Modi represents India. We don't think he does
What about Pakistan? When will USA's hypocritic double standard on Pak end? Pak is sponsoring terrorism & you guys are doing nothing. Sad!
@Welcome to India.
Hope @SenKamalaHarris takes up the issue of the lynching of Dalits, Muslims & Christians with #DearLeader. Somebody needs to speak up.
Please do ask him about a Muslim lynching a day in India. You shall surely receive a lot of prayers and good wishes from India
Indeed Mohammed Ayub Pandit lynched in SriNagar due to Hindu sirname just outside mosque. He needs to speak on that. Silence needs to stop.
The eunuch hasn't even spoken to his wife 
A very long silence, indeed
At least he had one wife and not six. lol unlike some who have 5 6 underage wifes and divorce them on whatsapp.
Kamala, i'm hoping our democratic reps and senators are prepared if nothing happens with this investigation as millions will descend on DC
What? Who do YOU think you are?
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris for extending your warm welcome to true partner of the US. We share common beliefs and values. Hope prevails 
Hope both nation work together on terrorism and there supporters who provide them funds , arms and training . Pakistan is one of them .
He hasn't talked to 45 yet.  Fingers crossed!
They will fine coz PM is a far right extremists.
"Kamla Hari" beautiful name
Thanks @senkamlaHarris.
indeed, this will be an important meeting;  POTUS and PM Modi
"unbreakable" ? Are you aware there's a bull in the china shop?
Agreed, we need 7-11 workers
Acknowledged; Nationality, INDIA, TRUTH, TOGETHER
Thank you .future president of USA ...Respected  Mr Narendra Modi is our heart .. we have full faith on Him
Welcome Prime Minister!
Watch our PM the @DNC likes to shoot ball players that's the #criminalparty you are meeting
In what capacity do you pretend to " reaffirm the unbreakable bonds between the US and India"? You have NO portfolio re foreign affairs!
What tribe has prime ministers?
Jai Hind
Oh, you're President now?
Nobody knows what you are talking about . . . Nor do WE care.
Unbreakable bonds?
Donald Trump:" Hold my beer..."
No Kampala Harris
reconsider this
You know he's a staunch nationalist..right?
So? Which world leader isn't a nationalist? Or do you like traitors as your leader? Libtard crap as usual.
Indian leaders are overly nationalist which is a handicap for success.  Trump is an exception for us, and we are prosecuting him for it.
Nothing is unbreakable when baby Donald is in the oval office... Extra measures are necessary to keep strong foreign bonds.
I would like to know the status of the single payer bill in Ca.
help?
It will be hypocritical of you to welcome him and not be critical of his dictatorial tendencies and oppression of minority groups.
I wish women were in control of House and Senate! Nurturing is well needed in this country! Trust is required! No Trump and KGB, I hope!
You should take up the incidences of "cow vigilantism" where many people have been lynched in India after being accused of eating beef.
Should also take up issues of forceful conversion, temples being destroyed, Lynching people cos of Hindu name, Banning Hindu puja in WB.

The American people should be permitted to see the cost of Congressman Steve Scalise's  guaranteed medical care for his gun related care.
Enjoy it while it lasts - Trump has a nasty habit of breaking bonds....
No, I think that's a good one.
I look forward to Senator discussions with the Prime Minister.
Not today...he's golfing 
Par 4's R the best. #MAGA
Namaste!
