Sessions used the Alzheimer defense. He has no knowledge and can't remember. Not mentally qualified to to be AG.
Alzheimer's defense? Is that like when Hillary Clinton couldn't recall anything 30+ times during the Benghazi hearings?
That's not true
You are correct. It was almost 40 times.
And where did you get the 40 figure
From watching the hearings. Also, don't forget how many times she couldn't recall during her email problems.
I think you are conflating Benghazi hearings and FBI investigation re e-mails. I agree that it's not usually a satisfactory answer
Deanna, apparently you missed what I did to you there.
Good. Start with Benghazi. Then Fast & Furious.
They've already had hearings!
Which led to nothing.
Because there IS nothing. She's been investigated to death. Hate for her is so strong, if there was anything, repubs would've moved on it.
Is there nothing because we have a do nothing Congress, or is it actually nothing? Because records and actions prove otherwise.
Doesn't make sense re why HC hasn't been charged with anything. Benghazi has been investigated repeatedly by those who hate her & still 0
And she won't be because Washington is corrupt and the establishment Republicans are pussies.
No, they wanted to get her so bad that reinvestigated Benghazi over & over. At a huge cost to us.
Start by resigning. Your ignominious behavior today was completely reprehensible.
I got the impression she was doing her job
In an unprofessional manner.
Unprofessional? She has been a prosecutor and knows how to question people trying to avoid truth. She is professional & does her job.
You're correct. Sessions did not follow the rules. Thus, he now is in contempt of Senate. Will now need to subpoena him and compel to answer
He was completely within his right to respect the long-standing confidentiality policy to protect the Presidential disclosure privilege.
Besides, the questions he didn't answer were meaningless. Fishing in an empty lake of nothing.
This while you're the biggest con woman in politics
The truth is you're a liar
what do you believe she lied about specifically?
Excuse for crooked hillary loss trump campaign  lib Tarde's number line out that Trump was not in the investigation why not released
This tweet is your daily reminder that illiteracy is still a problem in America.
which leads to our next daily reminder that we're reliant on DeVos 
I used to work in education policy... It's not that simple, and everyone in D.C. isn't necessarily happy w/it either-helped some harmed some
Go Senator Harris ! So impressed with you.
You were brilliant
Truth, according to whom!?
If anyone can do it. You can!
AMEN sister!! Thank You!!
Liar, where were you for the last Presidency?  Oh that's correct he helped to line your pockets.  Seems that is the problem with politicians
And I am 100% with you.
You deserve an apology,as do the citizens of California for the disrespect you received by several members of the committee,and Mr Sessions.
AGREED!
The American People already know the truth just as you know the truth. Keep going as you are enlightening your base.
You ROCK Senator Harris!!  from the Bay Area.....
Get the truth then you and Warren get Trump and his KKK cohorts out of there before they get us all killed in a nuclear war
Cool. Then would you like to Congress our evidence implicating elements of the USIC, US Military top brass, State Department and Israel in
carrying out 9/11? We have a former Bush administration official willing to testify these facts before Congress with smoking gun evidence
I think you should. Get it out there. Let's see what you've got. Give it to Alex Jones. I trust him
I couldn't be more proud of your work and efforts! Awesome Job Senator Harris. Your are what Democrats want to be. Stay strong and focused.
you are not working for the American people an we will make sure u never get in the senate !!!
Question: Have you already decided what the truth is? Not being snide. It just really seems like most Dems have, even if for solidarity.
We need more like you in the senate!
If that was #Truth YOU @SenKamalaHarris would of called out Hillary Clinton and Barry Obama But you DIDN'T!! #Fail
Thank you, next time ask about the us attorney firings
What about the lies you've told. Sources say you got to the top by adultery? I think you should resign and run away before justice comes.
When Sessions told you he gets nervous over fast questions,  he couldn't remember things, bye bye Sessions time to retire
Thank you for your stand!
Thank you!
If you would not show how cynical you are, perhaps he would value it.
Thank you, Sen. Harris. You are a force. Love watching your questions on the hill. 
@SenKamalaHarris Geaux Girl! The truth will always prevail
I voted for you and regret it more everyday. I'm disgusted that you have joined in on the Russia collusion. You have lost a constituent. SAD
Why did you not prosecute him after he gave you $? Leaked DoJ Memo Alleges That #Mnuchin Was A Very Naughty Bank CEO http://dealbreaker.com/2017/01/onewest-mnuchin-doj-memo/ …
Tsk tsk ?@SenKamalaHarris
Thats NOT your job
You dont represent the American people
You represent your small district in CA
START DOING YOUR JOB
Thank you Sen. Harris. You are an excellent role model for women and girls across this country. YOU make me proud to be an American!
You have no idea what the American people want.
She looked very unprepared and unprofessional. Sessions wiped the floor with her.
Thank you
#Persist
Thank you!
And I do appreciate your efforts. Thank you.

Russia stuff is a joke and a big waste of our tax dollars but that is liberals for ya they don't care about waste our tax dollars
Yes, we need to know the truth. Keep digging.
Why didn't you do that with Obama and Hillary. Hillary is the biggest crook in politics
You did great. When are you running for president again?
This was tweet I meant to retwt w/ comments abT cons male sayin Sen Harris was "hysterical" in questioning Session. NO she was PROFESSIONAL
As a constituent, I appreciate your leadership on this. Pls lead on HC: withhold consent on AHCA so Rs have to explain the bill over recess
You are a blatant obstructionist Kamala. Counting days until you go away. Your 15 minutes are up you victicrat  clown
lady.. you are just another #WitchHunt participant... If you push this.. i will work against you in your next election
HE WAS WEAK AND SHE WAS STRONG, SESSIONS COULDN'T REMEMBER HIS FRIEND TRUMP AT ALL. WOW. LIAR LIAR
Bitch kept interrupting Sessions. If you're going to ask a question let them answer. You're nothing but an elitist talking down to people
Persist!!!  
Even as Democrats don't U want to know that Ucan trust your reps? Do fact-checking on Clinton investigation vs. Trump! How u reconcile that?
You want to run with the big dogs but as soon as you are told to give the man a chance to answer, you cry sexism. Lol
Please, please, please run for president we need your strength, courage and conviction.
thank you for persisting. For asking the tough questions. For ignoring the haters.
Thank you for working hard to protect " we the people" !
not by treating the AG with no respect like u treat common criminals like at ur previous job
Please run for President, you have my vote
Like illegal unmasking & proven by FISA Ct docs mass illegal spying?  We are waiting.
it's like watching the bright young stars of tomorrow being held back by the grumpy old men of the Seante
Great job / don't b intimidated
#ThankYou
stop using  " your not respecting me as a women"  well as a women your questions to the  AG was nonsense
If you are going to seek the truth you might want to do it in a dignified manner.  If the Sessions hearing was a depo I would have stoped U.
Saw you “question” Sessions. Woman card? Hardly! That is NOT the way to behave.If you will not support democracy, please leave your office.
Even if you have to make it up!
I have no doubt that you will one of the reasons I voted for you so keep up the good work
Like making herself look privileged and ignorant. She will do that. Often.
The overwhelming majority of Americans are with you. Thank you for your service.
Ms. Harris - EXEMPLARY! Girls/young women should aspire to be like Ms. Harris; asked the right questions, got wrong/no answers!Can't give up
You rock!
Yes, you were great, astute, forceful, courageous, articulate, professional! The cowards & dishonest were Burr, McCain, Risch & their ilk.
You are doing a Fantastic Job Senator. You are a real patriot who takes her job seriously and is a roll model for all inspiring to do more.
Taxpayer knows the truth. Your
Just doging the show. When will the
Nonsense end? Its getting old
Watching you kick up dirt, running 
Around
Go Kamala! Don't let the good old boys club stop you. " I don't recall" is not an answer. Keep fighting for truth and answers.
Sessions stating you make him nervous makes one wonder if he has stamina to be Attorney General.  @SenWarren @SenGillibrand @ChelseaClinton

Great job, Senator.
And we love and respect you for that. They are destroying our government from the inside out, someone has to stop this!!
Then why don't you try having decency, and stop interrupting people, allow them to answer a question. You are disgusting voted out asap
You are my new hero. Young, smart, determined. A real life Wonder Woman. You go girl!!!!
Kamala you are a very rude, you lack good wholesome character, you treat people as if they are guilty instead of being articulate and witty
Is there anything in your power to help the 4 people I saw pharmacy who were each in turn told their ins no longer covered their Rx?
You are awesome.
I watched the hearing. I was not impressed at all with your badgering of the witness. Even alwayswrongjohn is right now and again.
It is obvious strong women scare @SenJohnMcCain , and sad to watch his mental decline, but PLEASE keep up the good work. Reveal the truth

Thank You Senator Harris!!!
Thank you for the job you are doing. Keep up the good work!
I want to donate for whatever campaign you have next, can you please share a way to do that?
You are the only person who asked that liar@Session the American question not party question it shameful to see d men putting party abv c/y

Appalling that you were called hysterical during you questioning of Jeff Sessions. I feel he treated you with contempt.
Senator Harris, please get someone to answer a question.  How can so many be called to testify and leave having answered no questions?
Proud of you!  Keep it up! 
We already know the truth.  The Dems are on a witch hunt to unseat a duly elected President. And your media are liars. Dems will lose again.
you don't care about truth. you care about what you want to be the truth. Your behavior is rude and disgraceful.
&white men with tough questions who tried to get answers were just fine ?? Do us a favor go back to the 50s !strong women are here to stay
Thank you for everything you are doing
Thank you for being a strong woman who doesn't back down
You are an inspiration
Love you Senator! Help us find out if our votes really counted in the general election. If you ferret out the truth, we'll find out.
You probably could find out if you were ever able to Ask YOUR questions! They are so precise. Got those boys scared 
#womensrights
#resist
Let the trumptards talk. Their defense only shows their ignorance. We are all watching the train wreck together? Denial and all!
Hell yeah! Never back down! #Justice
So, start investigating @HillaryClinton. Oh, no, it would be too much to ask for a freshman senator from CA.  There was no collusion. Accept
Do you believe that HRC colluded with the Russians to LOSE the Electoral College?
And make a name for yourself
ILY
Go Senator! GO TRUTH!!
Thank you!
Thank You
Thnk u :)
Thank you
Excellent try. Problem, he wasn't answering her question. He was answering ambiguous, random thoughts he wanted to answer. Just wasting time
@mlcreader @latimes thank you senator Harris
more like "I will do everything in my power to get the spotlight put on me then play victim by claiming race and gender inequality" #Resign
My parents taught me if ur respectful & courteous to others they will be the same! If your parents did the same you may be a slow learner!
If Sessions doesn't answer the questions, wouldn't that be considered contempt of court???It would be if I was in court.
Good morning
Unbelievably rude and disrespectful behavior toward Jeff Sessions. You don't have to like him but review the film. Shameful!
Keep up the good work!!! It's about time a Senator has the balls to call out what's happening!!! You go girl!!!
I'm a liberal Democrat & voted for you, but you have to allow time for answers. In Sen. hearings, rarely is the answer "yes" or "no".
Keep asking the tough questions!
YOU WERE FANTASTIC!  I voted for you based on what I thought you would do in the Senate.  YOU ARE DOING IT.  Thank you! Keep on!
Don't let McCain get to you.  He's obviously intimidated by you as was Sessions.  You're tough as nails!
Let's hope Trumps access to classified information has been restricted! And the Michael Flynn error isn't repeated!
Thank you!!!!
@VincentWright @latimes 
And, we will be right behind you!!!
Don't let those old white men shut you down!!  We're behind you, Senator!!!!
Keep it up. The whole civilized world is with you.
Thank you!! Truth from our governing body is what we need.
What a great job you did questioning Sessions!  Happy you're on the side of truth. 
Thank you for your unyielding service.
Kamala Harris is a Super Star
Sessions claims he hasn't been briefed on Russia....did he not see any of the televised open hearings?

Can only play dumb for so long 
You are just the kind of leader who will make a difference in our future.  Thank you.
You are spectacular!  I'm a mother of six adults, and a grandmother of several young children.  Thank you SO much for being responsible
Maybe you should run in 2020...
If you're upsetting the bobbleheads, you're doing something right. Fight on! #ShePersisted
Thank you Senator Harris
Maybe let a witness answer without interruptions - that might help.
I know because you have honor and integrity I knew that the first time I met you. Future POTUS!!!
#persist #resist #respecttoyou
But honestly, if you want to know the truth, you have to give people time to answer your questions.
@riker1191 Thank you Senator Harris for all you do!
--San Franciscan and proud to be! --Steven
You're growing on me. 
You are a badass and I absolutely love watching do your job.
Thank you 
You have the American people's support.  Thanks for all your hard work.
So frustrating to watch Senate waste so much time on "investigations" that go nowhere. Plz get something constructive done!  Help people!
Tell us about being the mistress of Willie Brown.
Please make it known to your colleagues, that we as humans, not just "voters", deserve the truth, we do not appreciate the lies. #disclosure
Thank you, @SenKamalaHarris, for all you are doing for us.  #NeverthelessShePersisted
You were magnificent in your questioning of Sessions. I hope to see you run for President in the near future.
What version of the truth? The twisted left wing destruction of America truth? Or the real unbiased truth?
Why are you tweeting at me?
My apologies, i had no idea you were off limits.
I just don't know what you're responding to that it's showing up in my mentions. How did I get included, or did you randomly add me.
I responded to a tweet. Sorry i will take you out of it
We love you Kamala!!!! Keep kicking ass!
Some men just can't handle strong, effective women. Thank you for your service to our country, Senator. #persist #righton
Why don't you explain to people how you got your job in the first place, especially sleeping with a married man you used to you're advantage
Try not being rude and obnoxious
You are strong, intelligent and articulate. You must be scaring the hell out of the White House. Thanks!!!!!
Clinton hearings were obstructed by layers of coverups. Kamala needs to abide by rules and quit interrupting to grandstand.
They can't shut you down. So proud to have voted for you.
...and the attention I need to further my career. And while I'm at it.......carry on the woe is me, I'm a woman, don't interrupt me. 
When you said fight back you incite idiots in Va. Today.
Give us the truth about B. Clinton's meeting on the tarmac!
& Benghazi
& Clinton's server
& Donna Brazile
& DW Shultz
& SuperDelegates
etc.
kamala you do not know the truth. you are doing your own thing not for the american or california people...you need to go
