Entire bail/fines system needs overhaul. If you're making $12,000/yr your fine should not be same as someone making 120,000.
A $200 "punishment" is much more of a punishment for the poor person and not a "punishment" at all for the wealthy person.
You're missing the point. It's supposed to be a punishment. For wealthy, it is not.
Someone that makes $500,000 a year will probably post bail at $10,000, someone making $25,000 won't
Which criminals do not pose a risk? If they do not pose a risk then what they are charged with as a crime should not be criminal.
Something is better than nothing, it may not be perfect however keep fighting the good fight.

But how do we determine risk w any certainty & w/o racial disparities already inherent in pretrial detention?
1/Agree #bailreform is desperately needed, but fear replacing cash bail w pseudo-scientific preventive detention models are well, dangerous. https://twitter.com/SenKamalaHarris/status/888084918886170625 …
Saw 'Dog the Bounty Hunter' at NJ State Capitol who is fighting against Bail Reform because that would put bails bondsmen out of work..him!

Finland bases fines/bail on income. Fines are form of punishment. $200 fine is terrible punishment for poor person but not for rich one.
#KaliefBrowder 's Story Is The # 1 Reason To Change The Pre-trial Bail System.
#ColorOfLawViolations Are Federal Civil Rights Violations & @FBIWFO @CivilRights Need To Enforce The Laws --B/C The States Don't Care..
http://bit.ly/EndMarriageFraud … #NoVawa4Visa
I usually agree with you but...two children might still be alive if judge had not reduced bail... http://www.eastbaytimes.com/2017/07/21/suspect-in-concord-crash-that-killed-two-boys-enters-plea/ … via @eastbaytimes
Just a couple of days ago, guy acquitted of a crime after 4 YEARS of waiting in jail for his trial!
But Senator, rich folks never do anything wrong!  #sarcasm #aristocracysucks
Some choose to stay - it counts as 2to1 towards total prision sentence, if looking at a long prision sentence it reduces time dramatically
@Therealmichelem citizens united needs to go and never return -
How did it get to this point? Politicians not doing the job they get paid to do. LAZY AND SELF-SERVING.
What about asset forfeiture? @jeffsessions wants to rob people
It's nice to see Senators talking about something @LastWeekTonight addressed 2 years ago.
Kamala,a judge raised my bail to $1000 when I was arrested & jailed for chalking a sidewalk--a"crime" w a max $162 fine!!! #SantaCruzCounty
Plus actual legal council not " Public Pretenders " who spend 5 mins before trial telling them to plead guilty and take deal guilty or Not !
Ok so WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO??
#Affluenza is a defense in an authoritarian regime not a Democracy.
Would have saved #SandraBland 's Life #EndMoneyBail
Would have saved #KaliefBrowder 's Life.  #EndMoneyBail
You know better, mija! 
Bail is supposed to be set high enough to ensure the defendant appears in court.
Poor people SHOULD get lower bail?
at this point im sure their family's would settle for a go-fund-me 
Don't break the law and you won't need to worry about bail $.
Without a reasonable $ leveraged what would guarantee a person showing up for court or even fleeing the country to avoid prosecution?

Nor the color of their skin!!!!!!!
I listened to a fantastic piece on @planetmoney about the NJ bail system and the huge improvements they made!
Serious question.  If govt aid to families was increased/influenced  by children's grades in school, couldn't it change the world?
Long as it's for non violent crimes and people who have never commuted a violent crime.
I have always thought this
Vesco
Helping out criminals , whether it's illegal immigrants or whoever, is always a top priority for democrats
We definitely do
See what NJ is doing...
We need to legalize drugs and pardon those in prison for drug offenses like possession and even dealing if no history of violence.
Thx, SenK! @planetmoney just did a great podcast on bail reform. Bail is meant to keep folks out of jail, not keep them in cuz they're poor!
There should be reform but not at the expense of burdened taxpayers. Congress members should donate part of their salary & fund it.
Absolutely time!!!
We need #DrugReform and the bail thing will take care of itself. #Decriminalize
And given that richer folks are more likely to have access to travel funds, passports, private jets, wouldn't they be the greater risk?
How about don't commit crimes that's always a good idea. When you do, take responsibility for your actions. Maybe you should start there.
Binding arbitration agreements not legal where value in controversy greater than 20 dollars Amendment Seven.  When will Supreme Court care?
I agree.  Unless major crime - corrupt banking, rape murder bail should be less than 20 dollars - Amendment Seven.
After watching your questioning of Sessions, I can't support anything you introduce because you showed you are not qualified for the Senate
Do you not understand what bail is meant for? Clearly you dont
All my respect is yours Ms. Harris.
Whatever happened to release on ones Own recognizance for indigents or those who can't afford bail?
Amen! Money shouldn't be part of the equation.
Would you grant @realDonaldTrump bail? I wouldn't #flightrisk
Hell no!
Yes we should have it in time so when they prosecute HRC , Bill C, MRs Sanders, Comey, Rice, Wassermann, M Waters and You that will be great
It decimates poor communities. I understood the need for bail IF
1. Flight Risk
2. Risk to other
If neither then why have bail
Welcome to the Divided $tates of America
We need a revolution. #MAGA
And no exceptions to law being upheld by government officials! 
There are way too many people in prison who should be in rehab or receiving mental health treatment. Being imprisoned & then released 1/
Does nothing to help them and will cause recurring visits to prison. It helps none of the addicts or challenged. It only lines pockets.
This is a good start! Nice bi-partisan bill
How is the payment plan to the Goldman's progressing? How rich can he be paying 30M off?
Yes, right after "Stop shooting Black people on sight" reform, or 'Loud noises scare us" reform.
.@SenKamalaHarris We need all hands on deck. Democrats are calling for you to run 2020
I second, third and fourth that statement, Senator Harris! Keep pushing. Keep speaking out. We need judicial reform in general!
Leave it kamala to put more criminals back on the street. If they are innocent, they shouldn't be prosecuted. Too bad prosecutors suck
When the defendant is a Harris donor, they always get out of jail free. Go ahead, run in 2020 - you'll be easier to beat than Hillary.
100 percent correct again, Senator.
The problem is the LIBERAL courts interpretation of what constitutes "risk"
Senator Harris,
   Could I DM you? I have a question. PA resident. Toomey, not a good HC guy.
I was 19, busted for felony pot possession. Because I was white & my mother stood up for me, I got OR. POC in that same court didn't.
Don't forget, if you pay the bail, then the charges get dropped, you don't get your bail money back. #BigProblem
It's like an insurance policy guaranteeing you will show up to court.
Trump can pay for his own bail!
Then "fix" it. You didn't in California. Just hear talk now.... #Russia seems to be a bigger problem w/ #Dems
It's collateral, to get them to come back for their trial. Someone that doesn't have that to lose is less likely to show up.
Agree @SenKamalaHarris how can we help? The fight feels useless but you have empowered this issue. Thank you
The entire Trump family is not only a risk, they are a clear and present threat to American democracy.
#NoBail
@FBI @NSAGov @MarkWarner @AP
How are they a risk?
-not whether they're poor.
Thank you for staying on top of this Sen. Harris!  I have no confidence in the current attorney general to act independently on this matter!
an average person can sit in jail for 23 days before being released.  OF those sitting only 5% are convicted.  It needs to be fixed.
Also there needs to be a shift from petty criminals to white collar criminals specifically local clerk of courts colluding with big banks
Frustrating as heck, FBI could care less about banks fraudulent impersonation across state lines #RICO
And without actually seeing stats, more convictions on poor folks who not able to assist their attorney prepare while they are locked down.
Bail mitigates flight risk.
Passport revocation and ankle monitors mitigate flight risk.
Ankle monitors are supplied usually through the bond agent. The person charged still has to pay for ankle monitoring.
Pay for ankle monitor but can't afford bail?
How do you find the energy to stay deeply engaged on so many issues day in and day out? You are indefatigable and an inspiration!
Sen.Kamala Harris, tweet post (notification) secs ago, while I m watching the parole hearing  board on Headline News;  Don't you KNOW!!!!!!
O.J. Simpson,  San Francisco,California,  The Parole Hearing televised from NEVADA
...and prison reform, and the racial gap of incarcerations...
Thank you for all you do Kamala!
Who decides whether they are a risk? Bail assesses that...
We do not. If you don't want to have to come up with bail, don't commit crimes. It's really just that simple.
What if you've been framed by someone, like the police? Do you know what it's like to be executed for being guilty of breathing while Black?
Says the former prosecutor who did nothing to address that issue when she could.
Yes! Thank you for the work you are doing!
Agree!
