Actually, a fantasy economy growing at 4% year over year with rivers on fire sounds quite appealing. 
environmental regulations, California, would have seen consistently below average income growth since 1970, it hasn't.
I was being sarcastic  believe me, I’m in CA-20. This place is beautiful. The last thing I want is assholes polluting this beautiful area.
I knew you would rather have clean air than 4% growth, but your joke implied that you thought there was a tradeoff between growth and...
Well the R certainly think economic growth is what matters most, above anything else. CA and Monterey County is heavily regulated.
There is no tradeoff between the two. In fact, environmental degradation has many negative impacts on the economy.
Yep. I know. We passed Measure Z in this county and told frackers to go get fucked.
This should be the main reason, and argument for that matter, to stop pollution. WE CAN'T BREATH.
The air-quality in California is 10 times better than it used to be 30 years ago.
Yeah the 60's and 70's were terrible especially with the leaded gas.I'm about 16 miles from DTLA,on any given day I cannot see the buildings
You blow hot air that isn’t clean. Close your mouth.
#CleanPower like #solar is a great way to achieve clean air!
PASS NOW.  SUPORRT HR669  INCLUDE:  ALL DECISIONS BY A PRESIDENT
We shouldn't be sexually harassed, either. Are you giving that #HarveyWeinstein money back or what?
It would be but for the nutty president.We (Americans) are sure finding out some of areas we need to fix with this nut cake.#fix3checksystem
Very true
Workin' on it
Do we have a plan for Bakersfield, CALIFORNIA?
Please tell us what U are doing to get water & food to citizens in #PuertoRico ? This is no longer just on Trump & #GOP. #complicit #Help
I love air.  Air is my favorite.  After drinking water.  Boy, I love having basic necessities of existence. #FlintWaterCrisis
Doctor. Ha. More like troll. Have a nice day. 
You would think that evil man would care bout the air his grandkids breathe lol
Unless your in a room filled with Democrat talking crap, the rest of us are breathing easy!!
Yep, but there's a narcissistic pathological liar in WH, and surrounded by idiotic morons
I’m trapped in Springfield Illinois were three smokestacks are now allowed to continue to pollute my air. This is a travesty.#RepealPruitt
Thank you! Can we reduce California's addiction to cars now? Esp. LA which is most polluted city for many years. Cars cause accidents, take up space, cause pollution - look to Denmark for alternatives. #cleanairnow #cleanairLA #IloveLA #cleanairforall #clainaircalifornia
SONOMA IN CALIF AS FAR AS S.F CAN'T BREATH. FIRES RAGE SURROUNDING COUNTIES CLOSE SCHOOLS COURT HOUSES EVERYTHING. FIRES RAGE SEND HELP
Yes, it affects everyone's health and will be costly if not addressed. That should appeal to Republicans,  as they're all about money.
Senator Harris I'm sure that I am not alone when I say the United States  of America NEEDS you as POTUS. Keep up the good work. WE LOVE YOU!
Tens of thousands of people being evacuated
Time for you to ask your GOP buds why Trump is being allowed to not implemented the Russian sanctions #RussiaGate.
Not according to our bozo President
Tell THAT to 45’s EPA!
#IMPEACHKKK45
With the rates of new unknown lung cancers arriving and striking young non-smokers, yes indeed
Republicans don't need clean air or water
Not if it negatively affects profits we don’t
Pretty much everyone who is not a Republican politician does agree, even most Republican voters.
NYC, 1973
Every child boomer should recall filthy air n water, acid rain, toxic dumps. Sewer rivers lakes. 70’s after Vietnam was clean earth up now!
A must, necessary in all categories, rhetorically a given
Ha! Kamala say that to yourself next time your stuck in traffic because we are collectively stupid and go to work at the same time together.

Ha! Can't even figure out my Rx's for inhalers. Breathing is a luxury...
Why has that asshole not as much as mentioned the victims of the fires in Sonoma County and other areas in calif. Son of a bi_ch. The loss of everything is ones life leaves a lot for these people to overcome.
You'd think, but no.
Air filters are against my personal liberty and an unjust burden on me personally*

(* marked for obvious sarcasm)
So many priorities with this admin.  I never believing climate change do now.  This has to stop but gop protects businesses
We did not vote them in 2 support u,you'll never get it will u,we R DONE WITH DEM DEMANDING THEIR OWN WAY & NOT WHAT WE WANT,WE DON'T MATTER
This is why we all left & voted gop ticket.u r stubborn in ur beliefs r the only ones that will work,look at wall street,economy,house sales
If we wanted dems causes we would have voted dems in,U want 2 work together as long as end result is what u wanted in the first place,WRONG,
U r all crooked one by 1 were finding out more,we the people R sic of govt rhetoric,more Trumps,MORE AZ moores,we R removing u from office
Now if we could just get some clean water to go with it
DJT:

What a pos
@KamalaHarris please insure that Trump does not start WWIII. Everything else can be fixed once he and Pence are gone.
2020Kamala Harris2028
Air not fill with radiation.. STOP Trump!
You would think so, wouldn’t you?
Not in GOP world! #fuckingmoron
Is it really? I mean, this disaster of a #fakeprez is trying to start WWIII. Will it matter when our air is polluted from Nuclear fallout?
The ability to remove trump from office is the number one priority.
Kam Harris for President in http://2020.Save  America from Trump Pence
And drink clean water and eat real food. Three top priorities.
doesnt coke own oxygen?
Absolutely, what are you doing to curb Chinese imports since 20% of the pollution in the California central valley is from China?
The "right to life, liberty" clause meant non-metabolizing life 
that doesn't require delicate balance of O2/CO3/NH3 gases in the air/blood.
Someone needs to tell @EPAScottPruitt that.  I would say give Trump a heads up too but I predict he is busy in a Twitter war with Eminem
Thank you senator. We need your voice to be heard.
Agreed! Stop driving cars in all major cities, that will help greatly. All the big cities are by far the worst polluters. It's gross. #walk
And, most of these big cities are majority Democrats, so should be easy. In a sense, Democrats are biggest polluters. #bigcitypollution
And yet...
Not if your goal is melted ice caps for shipping routes & arctic offshore drilling, not to mention unfrozen tundra farmland. #PutinsGoals
ABSOLUTLEY! I live in San Joaquin Valley. Worst air in USA. We MUST continue supporting Clean Air Act to save people affected by foul air!
One would think. But most trump supporters don’t care because they know that we don’t need clean air to breathe. That’s fake news to them.
And to say or not the Anthem while we sit, kneel, stand if we want! It’s America! Land of the free! Well, for some we are beginning to see
All this executive action does is allow coal company’s 2 pollute our environment with impunity.
Its 2017..Can black men stop raping/torturing white women to death then have clowns like you presume to be "victim"?
Yes Kamala you priorities are backwards people can not stop fart to breathe clean air.
It’s called a fire...it makes the air quality suck.  And it’s in a ring around Sacramento
The @GOP Agenda is to Kill Americans Cut Health Care Pollute Air Poison Drinking Water Proliferate Guns as Desperation Rises.! @SpeakerRyan
Except when it hurts the profits of corporate America 
Govt supply free vogmasks?  I demand it as my right to breathe clean air!
Yet your state is on fire spewing more pollution from burning houses and cars. I'm here in Benecia. Can't breath but I'm sure you're on it.
not trump supporters....the dirtier the water and air is for their children the better
We're getting there. No need to go all "We're going to die tomorrow"
.@realDonaldTrump doesn't give a shit. That's the bottom line. #25for45
The EPA used to be the Environmental PROTECTION Agency. Now it’s the Environmental POLLUTE and destroy Agency.
To get anything done at all took an American RIVER catching fire. At this point I dont think even that would force this admin to change
Not under the Trump's administration. Time to invest in a face mask company.
I'm sorry but I think the people in PR getting the money they were promised on 45s fake press junket is far more important right now.
It's funny how Dems tell people that the GOP wants to walk around breathing dirty air. How ignorant can these politicians be beam me up
Yes I totally agree with you Senator Harris!
Clean air is important, but Democrats need to prioritize if they want my vote: better tax code, better healthcare, stay ally of Israel.
Its interestin
how GOP admin
encourages pollution
(turning lung infections
into pre-existing conditions)
Then
increasing healthcare premiums
Maybe we can have that, AND regulation that does not kill jobs. Win/Win
Whether or not you believe in global warming, or science as we call it, everyone should be for clean air.
What about poor Harvey!! Michelle Obama, Wooping! Hillary must be so upset! And they thought Trump was bad! Hillary had hard time with Bill!
Lead position  [ have a nice day
the ability to live the American dream regardless of your sex, race, beliefs or preferences should be a no brainer, too.
Not the trump Administration, obviously. Every day another environmental rollback!!
#RemovePruitt #RemovePruitt #RemovePruitt #RemovePruitt #RemovePruitt #RemovePruitt #RemovePruitt  #RemovePruitt #RemovePruitt #RemovePruitt
so you support a ban on fracking? or is water exempted?
It's hard to agree to anything when you're too busy choking on foul air
Silly liberal, look at China. Oh wait. Fine, clean air. Run for President, I'll vote for you.
Clean Water is also a priority. Plz do something about the water on #NativeAmerican "Reservations". It has been terrible for decades.
Yes, but unfortunately we have a moron running the whitehouse
Yes we should, but since the greed is driving up my portfolio I can afford to buy a gas mask. That probably makes me sound like a Republican
Non poisoned water might be essential as well.
When can we stand together, women, blacks, Hispanics, all people and speak out for our rights? Let Congress know we ARE the people.
LOL there's nothing wrong with the air that we breathe it's all a redistribution of wealth in case you haven't heard
absolutely, the whole country should be in an up roar

@SenDeanHeller just sent Message how happy he is more drilling on open land, let’s get @RosenforNevada in the #senate #vote #resist
You would think!!!
Yes, Senate must call Pruitt to the carpet. What he’s doing is criminal.
Don't think the oil companies care about our air?
Wish Congress was running the show, but most souls sold out?
Oil companies look like they're running the show on Capitol Hill, for sure?
Got national park views for animals and oil rigs, not people?
Maybe a free day passes here and there?
Love how you are staying on the issues @SenKamalaHarris.They are trying to distract us with more @POTUS BS.Some has to be addressed. We roll
This starts by letting babies breath their first breath. #abortionsucks
Not if you are a republican or a trumper
It does seem kinda important 
Kamala that is just a stupid statement. It is beneath you and is intended solely to get a reaction out of your base. U count on ignorance..
.... and that all unborn children should have that opportunity and ability also. Oh wait, you don’t believe that  #hypocrisy
Last week $700B for war was your priority. So which is it?
Democrat platitudes yawn
At this point? I believe air has never been optional. Not once in all of history. #Life
@SenateDems  not what matters to this cartel.They don't care how many Americans suffer & die as long as the rich get richer
Real talk.
Meaningless platitudes, as usual. Find me someone who doesn't agree that clean air is important.
You would think so. Why then do 42% of Americans still suffer with secondhand smoke?
It's a shame too many of your fellow members of Congress disagrees with you. Looks like they want us to back to L.A. 1980
Now that's reasonable 
Not the republicans
Not if it turns out to be at odds with sorting out higher priority stuff. As things stand, sadly, I consider clean air for all a luxury.
I agree but these clown do not care. We have got to fight them some how.
The current  administration can care less.
Yes. And we need to stop socializing costs on poor, rural people while we allow  profits to be privatized.
I don't mean anything by this it's just a complement. Dang you are Pretty...
honestly, having come thru the industrial revolution and this being the 21st century, this should not even be a debate; nuts
Yes. If money is more important than air, hold your breath while you count your money
I agree with you. Unfortunately, it seems GOP leaders do not.
Clean and non-radioactive both, please.
Liberals are acting like Trump repealed every pollution law of the land...  Proof is in the comments showing pics from the 1970s!
We should also have affordable health care but you can't seem to work on that.
When that sexist racist Jeff Sessions gave you that look & that other scumbag cut you off again. Dang was i Mad...
At this point we should all agree that the laws in place BEFORE Obama's EPA overreach ALREADY had us breathing clean air.
how many lies does it take to make trump?
Save us #Harris2020
Unless you're the @GOP and greed trumps safety.  They cut their own noses off to spite their faces.
Coming up with phrases like "against clean air" is an insult to the average voter. But you think you're better, don't you?
No nebulous thoughts for campaign.  Hard details the electorate can grab on to is what is needed
I think the EPA should actually be an Environmental PROTECTION Agency. Not an appendage to the polluting industries. Geez.
Profits turned into political donations vs. pollution turned into health issues. I guess we know which one wins.
@SenJohnMcCain disagrees with you. Sadly.
Yes. So shut your trap and stop polluting the air.
You mean you don't enjoy a bit of nitrogen oxide, sulfur dioxide, & particulate matter? (From burning #coal) Come on it'll toughen you up!
& if you don’t agree, come to #Napa where u can’t even go outside bc the smoke is so bad & take a big deep breath in! #TrumpsUSASucks
Sometimes politics is like Kindergarten.
Should we live long enough with this a**hole as Potus, clean air would be nice. To date all we are breathing in is Trump GOP 
And drink clean water.
Fossil fuels had a long profitable run, but like Whip & Buggy Makers, they can’t fight the inevitability of clean energy development.
kamala honey, the world is being polluted by the world not just america!
So stop exhaling hate, bigotry, ignorance, and resistance. That would mean you would have to stop breathing though.
we'll have to think about that
Pass the tax & repeal obamacare
run for president!
And drink clean water that won't poison us. Why aren't there investigations into Pruitts improper wine and dine w/oil barons & kick backs?
Hey Kamal, you are gettin crammed where the sun don’t shine pretty hard this week and it is only Tuesday.
But not if you're in the Trump administration!
But coal!! We must save coal! What will the 200 people still employed by the mines do if we switch to clean energy? sarcasm
ask China about that.
Totally agree Madam President
I don't want to be greedy but clean water would be great too!
Clear air, clean water - things one would expect but not this admin. We need you Sen. Harris! Keep fighting for us.
Is this tweet for Obama? Trump wasn't POTUS then...or does that not fit your narrative?!
It’s 2017 - at this point we should all be able to agree that your demagoguery is a priority.
<- - pretty sure #Removing #Erratic #POTUS45 & his crew of #Deplorables will enable a definitive rise in #QualityOfLife issues across board!
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP @Heritage . i agree with this statement. and, also add clean water.
Systematic destruction of Obama's legacy & 8 years of progress. Just for spite. No love of country, humanity, our future generations.
I am confused.  The rules being rolled back have to do with carbon footprint not breath-ability of the air?
While I agree, there's only so much that bitching can do. Clean energy will only be possible, will the spending is available.
Masses of trees and scrubs, would only serve to help produce more oxygen. Which is a good thing, as they heavily reduce Co2 levels.
You do live in California home to a lot of drivers that clog up the freeways.
@realDonaldTrump so I guess blocking out the sun is smart huh should I say Anti Chris
Knowing the quality of our air is 1/2 the battle!  Protect the EPA, and our Clean Air and Clean Water acts.
Maybe while in China, 45 will get a face mask. He'll order some so he can sell them in USA when our air gets bad.

