Every think about just not doing illegal things and then you have no need to post bail 
Not the point. Justice shouldn't be dispensed based on income. That seems like common sense to me.
Alsp people on bail haven't been convicted yet. They very well can be innocent.
That's not how the criminal justice process works.
I'm really concerned that you are apparently a bails bondsman and don't know this.
You don't understand how the system works.Bail reform is a death sentence for the community and very racist. This isn't a college experiment
How is bail reform a 'death sentence' for the community? A bit exaggerated eh? You know full well most non-violent accused are harmless.
There is no such thing as a non violent crime. As long as there is a victim there is a crime. Everything has a ripple effect.
I just want to see TRUMP behind  BARS
What has he done that is illegal?
Lol..
We need you as President.
Disagree we will end up in a race war and financially unstable like Venezuela. Miss Harris only panders to the victimhood nation.
I do like her idea on bail reform though
Must get rid of for-profit prison's, would be a start.
Also ending the unsuccessful prohibition on harmless plants
"Bail Justice."  Are you out of your mind? People don't go to jail for nothing. If you're  in jail, you earned it. What are you thinking?
Ever hear of the people going to jail for crimes they didn't commit? What an ignorant statement lol
One in 100,000,000 arrests. Shut up!
You can't really be that stupid, can you?  ... CAN you?
8th amendment prohibits excessive bail, but courts refuse to recognize bail is excessive when defe can't raise the $. #presumedinnocent
So lets have criminals arrested just to walk right back out, not much consequences. Think about how safe everyone will be then.
Alleged 'criminals', most often for non-violent offenses. To release those that pose no threat of harm to society is sensible.
A few days behind bars should be costly. Don't do the crime if you can't do the time.
There are people in jail only because they can't post bail. They haven't gone to trial, so they're not guilty.
Hmm. Yes they are.
Wish you'd post your name so we could accuse you of some bullshit and see if you got any smarter in jail awaiting arraignment.
See above. Accuse away.
Oh, damn. You don't even comprehend sentences, huh?
News flash don't get arrested
You are looking for votes,  not considering tax payer dollars, nor victims of crimes.  Bail hasn't been around for centuries without success
Then you make sure you personally vouch for them
The bail system badly needs reform - thank you for bringing attention to it!
You actually WERE an attorney General putting them away. What the hell?
As California AG, she actually helped massively reduce the state prison population.
We need a #systemreform Emotional battering doesn't build, repair or solve error. Whose standards are an acceptable example not to break US?
I've seen time and time again, lives fall apart when bail is unattainable. Who's hurt the most?  Children, ultimately.
No walls no jails no locks on anything right Kamala
Kamala for President!!!
How about people not commit crime and there is no need for bail. Maybe they should consider the consequences before committing a crime.
Not to mention breaks up families #CriminalJustice #Reform
Wonder what the propensity of arrested whites vs. #POC getting personal recognizance? Likely high.
But..lets keep Trump in when #Mueller muell is done with him.
How about we just stop arresting people for petty bullshit instead?
The most heinous effect of pre-trial confinement is that it compels the innocent to plead guilty. #BailReform is a matter of justice.
1970- 2010 the number of Federal inmates increased by 500%. States increased 77%. This isnt a Black or white issue. This is a National issue
This is a sick twist of lies by the left. Bail reform.. hows that workin in Chicago amd New Jersey?

How about NO bail for anyone. They are in jail for a reason.
I've heard some stupid things in my life, but this has to be at the top of the list. #1 on the BS list as well.
@VeeVee @PittsburghPG bail refirm is fine but we need the system changed from arrests being a money making proposition
We need to stop jailing people for minor possession.
Well don’t break the law.
Don't commit if you can't commit the time for the crime
How about don't do something that can be interpreted as unlawful by a trained law enforcement officer & don't get arrested. No bail needed.
But, can we just hold off until Trump is in prison?
Human rights reform, human rights respect, humanrights
Do the crime..Do the time.
I have worked in the criminal injustice system for over 20 years, please make this happen
7 of 10 in jail at trial stay there while 7 of 10 free never see the inside of a jail on the charge again. That's disparity
I'm glad to see You and @RandPaul doing your jobs by putting partisan politics aside to handle actual problems.
Like being able to use EBT CARDS?
If you can't do the time.. Don't do the crime dumbazz
Innocent until proven guilty.
don't do the fucking crime! Simple.  Too simple for you to understand, while you preach anarchy.
R u nuts?
TY for this! It's near & dear to my heart!
If criminals don't think about jeopardizing their jobs, home or custody of their kids, or their life, isn't that the crux of the problem?
If they committed a crime, should they not be arrested?  Don't do crime can't do time etc?  Or you alleging folks get picked up randomly?
You realize this will just mean MORE blacks in jail right?
This effects black males the most. What do you have to say to that?
Did you know that government creates crime when they create law? I am not against laws, I am against racist ones, among others.
how about Don't break laws?
lower the bail, increase the risk of escape, evasion and disappearance
Not for the Trump family!
Trump and his friends and family will be sympathetic to this in a couple of months
Do Democrats just randomly pull out of a hat things to hashtag & rally over?  How about just not breaking the law?!  Focus on real issues.
Sen Harris, why are so many Americans in jail? Yes fixing bail is a start!
But you love "cheap prison labor" and illegal property seizures by cops Kamala? Forget about that already?
Here's a novel idea: People can avoid bail by not committing a crime in the first place.  This should not be Sen Harris's first priority.
No, the eighth amendment says "excessive bail shall not be required ".  Why isn't that being adhered to?
Amen
EX: a man's been on his job 11yrs. He's arrested on mutual affray chg jailed couldn't make the $1500 bail. The job axed him after 6 days Smh
Kamala bravely kept Steve Mnuchin out of jail, and he went on to be Trump's Treasury secretary! Thanks Kamala!
...as difficult as it seems to some ppl not everyone in jail is guilty of the crime they're accused of...
@SenKamalaHarris @KamalaHarris  http://www.bailreform.us 
#FireHannity #FireHannity #FireHannity #FireHannity #FireHannity #FireHannity #FireHannity #FireHannity #FireHannity #FireHannity @fox
Or we could make better decisions and not get arrested in the first place.
@LESTERJ205
You'd think they wd consider that BEFORE committing crimes, but NOOOO.
Except in the case of lawless, narcissistic, racist, Ex-US Presidents. No bail for you!
Thanks, good Sen Harris, to be thinking about ppl who really need help now, instead of picking out impeachment party tunes like others-Urock
Dont do illegal stuff in the first place!
Thank You, Senator Harris, this is a very concerning issue and must be resolved. Fight fiercely!
#bailreform is necessary! I'd vote for it in a heartbeat!
Yes. I agree because is the truth
Bail reform 4 the poor is needed.  Bail for trump & campaigners should be set at $500 million each. Done.
Yes please! It's so nice to see a congressperson that actually about all people. Thank you!
She's a U.S. senator Mine, in fact, & doing a fine job, except for that yes vote on Wray. That's bad, he's cobbled up w/Russians, too
I've thought this needed to be revised years ago, not just bail but ticket fines etc...should be done by % of income for everyone
+ ADA accountability when they abuse power 2suborn perjury 4 a win, + Prisons who manufacture revenue.
@theAfroLegalise (Time to show out. )
Or a presidency.
Ya, America's top priority. Straight from the koolaid stand
More federal and state prisons then. Harris likes to volunteer your money to pay for her ideas.
Damn. Randy Pall finally does something I can get behind. Wonders will never cease.
With the technology we have today, It makes no sense and is a waste of money to keep non-violent offenders awaiting trial behind bars.
YES Sen. Kamala Harris your tweet (notification) 1 min ago exactly. 4:00pm @CNN  cont'd coverage, Anchor: @wolfblitzer  also U.S. Senate
So are you for or against private prisons?
She's come out strongly against for-profit prisons more than once.
What does she think about the anti trust case against time warner?
Sending this to a friend who might need this soon. @realDonaldTrump
Can you president please?
