Public education. More affordable. It might help even keep some out of jail. Quit trying to be a centrist.
Senator Harris has also advocated for increasing public education funding, and decreasing tuition costs.
Can't seem to ever find a tweet about it so you can understand my skepticism
It's on her website. In detail.
Funny that she tweets about bail reform but never about making public colleges and universities tuition free. Hmmm..
From five days ago: https://twitter.com/KamalaHarris/status/892882736993583104 … .
We can’t sit by as we fall behind in education. Time to make public colleges/universities tuition-free for the vast majority of Americans.
Well we'll see if she actually stands by her word then. I wonder why you didn't just show me this tweet in the first place though.
Why didn't you actually read her tweets instead of expecting someone else to look at them for you?
@SenatorCollins @SenBobCorker @SenTomCotton @LindseyGrahamSC @MikeLeeforUtah @SenDeanHeller @JerryMoran @lisamurkowski @RandPaul @cnn @BW
Yes . Who cause this democrat educating illegals and foreigners over Americans
@Kyle_Lierman 100% agree. We should be looking directly at WHY people are landing in jail & fix that problem.
If she is teaming up with Rand Paul even to blow her nose she has disqualified herself from running for POTUS. Get lost
Obama released hundreds just before he left office,and hundreds went right back! He also released known terrorists who went back to killing
How many people can we afford to keep jailing?.U know ur tax money 4 this BS. The money is not coming from heaven.
It is simply a private Equity firm
Indeed!
yes, it's about time...good piece of legislation. Keep up the good work
Once again proof people like you are out of touch with reality !
#NeverKamala
I'm with the movement for this change. A Broken Law leads to a Broken Country. I'm glad you continue to fight Miss Harris.
That's not how it works. No matter how Matter twitter bots you buy it won't change that fact. Oh and it's unconstitutional
Just don't use SF's "new" algorithm please. http://www.sfchronicle.com/crime/amp/Twin-Peaks-killing-raises-questions-about-11797572.php …

In America, that seems to be the biggest offense of all - poverty.
Over here reading up on money bail and orgs working to stop it. Smh. #stopmoneybail The #blackmamabailout shed real light on this issue
They are criminals! That's why they are in jail! Don't get it twisted Kamala!
That is a simple answer from simple person. Pre-trial means they have not been convicted of a crime. So maybe u have it twisted!
So what have you done to change anything ?  #honestly

Don't commit the crimes in the 1st place and you won't be facing jail time.
Ppl are in jail because they're criminals not because they're poor. I believe Kamala Harris should be a 1 termer in office.
Let us not make another mistake in who runs for dem presidential candidate in 2020. We need clarity ASAP!
If thats not the truth....
Not to mention most of the people in our prisons are poor. The rich usually just pay a fine. Who was the last rich guy we executed?
Risk assessments? And if those assessments find minorities as a higher risk? What'll you say then?
Are you kidding me? This is pathetic.  You're not working for us?  You're working to keep criminals out just because they can't afford bail?
Americans also shouldn't tolerate Banksters with Fraudulent documents  taking Homeowner's homes  with ilegal Foreclosures.
That just means you need to fire judges for not using the eighth amendment.  "Excessive bail shall not be required ". Easy to understand
This is the kind of leadership we expect.
Saw this coming when the privatized the prisons.
Lets clean up the drug addicts that sit on benches and drive cop cars too
Debtors prison is against the law, correct?
...or simply because they are mentally sick.
Americans should tolerate people with zero respect for others/that have been raised poorly and are entitled. you know your base
She was protecting illegal immigrant from El Salvador gang member.
Tony Bologna and his two sons executed she did not want death penalty
Edwin Umaña Ramos gang member that killed father and two sons and you did not want to give him the death penalty you should be ashamed Fraud
AMEN, I can show u a plan on revamping and letting small crimes be served at home would take out of the system 65% right now
Americans see your rhetoric...  People go to jail because they break the laws. Society and taxpayers deserve to have order. #dontbreakthelaw
Poor people commit crime. What utopia world do you live in?
Nope, people go to jail for commiting crimes not being poor silly rabbit
They're not "tolerating" it, they revel in it!
You up next to lose for the D in 2020?
She's up to win against the D, hands down and with a huge majority
"Warehousing" poor and petty possession offenses and mentally ill is big money. Ronald Reagan as Governor of Cal. perfected the model.
People who commit crimes should be in jail.  If they can't make bail, their time in jail goes toward their sentence.  I am not sympathetic.
Just deport them to California and build a wall to keep you all in! California is as liberal as states come!  Mega 9 quake must happen!
Kamala, we MUST get rid of for-profit prisons.
Kamala Harris might as well be Hillary Clinton.  She's about as trustworthy.  She will say anything for another dollar and a vote.
Go away we don't want to hear your rhetoric bullshit!
I am in complete agreement, Senator.
Nor should we keep imprisoning poor non violent mentally ill  drug addicts.
Thank you for taking on mass incarceration. I also appreciate that it's a bipartisan effort.
You certifiably out of your F'n mind!
This is long overdue! Thank you for fighting Senator Harris!
Yvette Carnell on Kamala Harris and Steve Harvey and Class Enemies ... Watch: https://youtu.be/O7y57S1ouI4  link
You are right Sen. Harris and We also should not tolerate keeping Trump in the oval office because someone said he could run a business.
Yes & how many times has he gone bankrupt? 8? Great business man! More like mobster & monkey business man!
Isn't bail a state and local function?  Stop overreaching.  Follow the Constitution.  Stop trying to impose CA "values" on the rest of us.
'Merca shouldn't tolerate another corporate Dem tryin' ta sell them more horse  for a run in 2020.  Steven Mnuchin  ring a bell ?
We don't tolerate it!!!
Plus it's expensive
Police will help & purposely hide people they have arrested in the jail system.  Making it hard to find the person to get a lawyer to them.
Govt is culling the herds. Weeding out "Undesirables" in their mind purging Poor, Sinners, POC, Single Parents, "Foreign" Religions, LGMT
They shouldn't be rewarded for it, either.
But then how do the people who own the for-profit jails get rich & funnel to the politicians???
Your tweet (notification) 4:53pm CT , TRUTHFULLY,  @SenKamalaHarris,  5:00pm CT, Watching FOX NEWS now,
7:00pm @FOXSPORTS @MLB Monday Night Baseball, @Brewers Milwaukee vs @Twins Minnesota Game Time, First Pitch  7:10pmct.  WATCHING Now
@ESPN @MLB Monday Night Baseball @Cubs Chicago, vs @SFGiants Now Watching 9:00pm CT
FINAL @Chicago 5 (W) vs @SFGiants  3 (L), Now 12:08am CT  @SUNDANCE  ch. (PPV).Movie: The Warriors,
Shouldn't some of these offenders be kept in jail? What about domestic violence victims? Let them out 2 early and revenge.. How would u feel
Well the system obviously isnt far if you can buy your way out. Also i bet one common sense statute would depend on he crime.
Bail bond system is the newest chapter in Jim Crow: arrest & charge someone for nothing, set bail too high & then plea bargain into prison.
Or maybe stop committing crimes?
Did U not read what I wrote: charges are phonied up against people of color. Sometimes they are killed, sometimes set high bail, then plea.
Exactly!!  Which is why your legislation is long overdue and necessary.  Thank you! Now let's get it passed.  #KaliefBrowder #Kamala2020
When prisons are businesses boasting high rate of re-incarceration to entice shareholders, that is just wishful thinking #FBR #TheResistance
Maybe we should keep criminals in jail if they are wealthy. Sure would help our cities.
This is so true, but I've personally witnessed judges throwing indigent offenders in jail bc they couldnt afford a $25 fine.  How 2 change?
The middle part of your reply is jumbled but I'm glad poor people finally have a spokesperson who knows what they all think.
Does that mean if Trumpovsky is arrested. We have to let him post bail??
Our new rock star,Kamala Harris
President Kamala Harris
Yes! #baehive #kamala2020
