This is an example of a fix to our health care system both parties should agree on.
Not many doctors accepted medi-cal BEFORE the ACA. Their reimbursement is like 6 cents on the dollar. It costs more to bill medi-cal.
Instead of taking credit 4 correcting, U should all be ashamed that U allowed drug industry to monopolize drug costs against Medicare!
Could you lower them for the rest of us as well?  I was told treating my cancer might cost $250,000 /yr for drugs alone. #healthcare
Define "senior"  At 61 I pay top dollar for meds
Senior is 65 right?
Yeah 65 years old for man 62 for women
Weird. 65 for both up here.
OK I thought nationally it was 62 for women but maybe that's just in California
My mother started getting Social Security when she was 62, my dad got it when he was 65
It was the same for my parents. Or was it 60 for her ? Not sure.
I remember it was mid 80s not sure about the year but my mother got Social Security when she was 62 probably 1984 or so.
Oh dear god I hope it passes..the man's Brilinta is $800 a month..w/o insurance he will die within a week..Dr. already said 1 week w/o it
This might help http://spr.ly/60108QHUp  Maybe we can help You may qualify for a savings card program http://spr.ly/60148QHUk 
Thank you~~will fill it out now!!
This is great...but the cost of prescription drugs should be lowered for everyone.
What about lowering drug costs for ALL Americans?
Thank you! This isn't the first time I've thanked you for something - great to have you and Amy working for the people of America!
Thank you!
If the sell by date was increased for prescription drugs billions would be saved by hospitals, Nursing homes etc. now they are tossed
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris and @amyklobuchar  More women needed to get things done.
Thank you! Even with insurance though my co-pays for my scripts for emphysema cost me $180 a month on a limited income.
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris and @amyklobuchar #Medicare4All #LowPricedPrescriptions4All
Here an idea since Bush and congress allowed the industry to exploit America.
Senator, CA voter here and I am a pancreatic cancer survivor. I take 1 med that costs $1778 per month. Thanks 4 your help.
#MedicareForAll will get my vote !
What about the rest of us?
We need lower prescription drug costs for everyone. My daughter's medication costs were astronomical when she was a baby.
A step in the right direction, I say.
Where are you getting the money? 
My grandchildren's children.  
Unsustainable spending.
Believe it or not, many other countries provide healthcare for all & don't complain about spending. There is a solution.
Great something I can agree with how about more competition .
My mom has BCancer that has spread just yesterday oncologist added a chemo pill 30 day supply 1300.00 her cost 292.00 her SS is 608.00
If Americans had Single Payer HC #MedicareForAll this would stop. Just ask Tom Price how much money he's making off the backs of pharma comp
Trek you are 100%right!! It's all about the $$$$
It is about the money. In my mind if u R elected to rep the people u should have No MEANs what so ever to profit from being elected.PERIOD 
Trek I am right there with you. I don't think this is what our founding fathers could ever fathom. they r rolling over in their graves
What about lowering prescription drug costs for all Americans?
https://www.senate.gov/legislative/LIS/roll_call_lists/roll_call_vote_cfm.cfm?congress=115&session=1&vote=00187 …

Sanders voted AGAINST it.
No it isn't.   Why are seniors the only ones that deserve lower drug prices?
True. I've read about the huge differences in price of Canadian and US drugs. There's no reason why Americans can't have lower prices, too.
The reason is that pharmaceutical companies give huge amounts of money to US politicians.
Can you lower it for everybody. Stupid things are crazy expensive.
Why stop there?
Why not ALL of us. Big Pharma needs to reel it in. Greed and profits ugh
Why just seniors?

What happened to #equality in #AMERICA?
I work in insurance specifically medicare. I talk to people all day about meds. How they will cut pills in 4 pieces due to costs. It's  
How about legalizing Marijuana?
Thank you I hope it passes
This is awesome as a first step.  Let's work to reduce prescription drug costs for everyone.  Thank you so much.
Thank you, Senator Harris.
Thank you Sen Harris. We need this desperately.
What about ALL citizens? The system is broken. Large chains charge $45/month for high blood pressure meds. Download a coupon and it's $7 SAD


Oh no, how will Bernie's Bros deal with THIS?
You're just ripping all of bernies ideas now. Unbelievable.
Just seniors? I have 2 pay extremely high cost 4 #botox b/c of #spasticity & considered #cosmetic but eases stiffness. Costs too high
sounds like a good idea. In Sweden no one pays > some $ 220 per year. what ever medicine needed..Solidarity.
Why just for seniors?
Yea!
I know people suffering because they cannot afford this high copay...
@AARP @AARPadvocates Thank you very much, Senator.  We appreciate your strength in the face of adversity.
Am talking of tests, drs. appointments not rx
20% Medicare copay is too much for many seniors..it assumes they have other insurance as well and many don't...
How about we lower RX costs for everyone, not just Seniors?
Thank You
We need you to run in 2020 for president --- please help us
Thank you for not only supporting and caring for the people of California but for all Americans.  #YouRock!!!!
@CoveredCA Rocks too! 
Thank u 4 that but why not lower them for everyone? We have the highest insurance fees and pharmaceutical expenses in the free world
would be great if you could raise your voice in opposition 2 the witch hunt aimed at HRC, now Obama, Lynch, Comey. This is persecution.
That's my Senator! Thank you @SenKamalaHarris .
THANK YOU BOTH!! 
Great! This is real positive action required! Thank you and please keep fighting for US's democracy + its citizens rights!
Bless your heart???
If you could sign a Bill to lower prescription drug costs for those of us who aren't seniors yet, that would be great, too
Please run for president dear girl. You are an amazing Senator!
For everyone, college students, retired folk, disabled, everyone, push the envelope further.
Great! That & single payer will help many of us a lot. Thank you.
thank you senator harris! i, for one, would love to see insurance and pharmaceutical companies reined in. maybe then affordable healthcare?
Thank you!
Yawn, you're irrelevant. Cut taxes for seniors and cut FDA regulations. We want less govt, not more.
That's great, but this should be for everyone along with #MedicareForAll
Yes!!! #MedicareForAll
That would help so much lower ACA costs and co pays.
Thank you.
Nice!
Thank you, @SenKamalaHarris
Good for seniors. What about the REST OF THE ENTIRE FUCKING COUNTRY????!!
Sure wish you also addressed prescriptions costs 4 the fully disabled who are swallowed by the donut hole of Medicare Part D. Insulin alone!
Good  going
Yes!!!! They need this the most!!!
Thank you. Really. Thank you.
she and those who agree live in a very entitled bubble.. We want real living wages hc 4 all aff college progressive means better for all
Can I get my Rx costs lowered too?
go bold or go home  pelosi has said we the country aren't ready for universal hc  medicare 4 all
She knows nothing Speaks for cp. intersts
If you haven't seen by the millions of protesters letters  phone calls  HC repeal disaster  people want more, not less Expand not shrink
in case u hadn't noticed DEMS want full out progressive agenda. Tired of timid dems, move forward, fk the center to try and please R's.
please be sure to read the many comments pointing out the point u are missing. Such as define senior All ages need affordable meds hc,too
@POTUS kick @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems

 off gov healthcare let them feel the pain american

 ppl feel pain no more separate healthcare
thank you Senator!
Now get on board w Sen Booker's legalization bill, please!
I thinks that fantastic. But what you really need to work on, is lowering the cost for all. Seniors already get a break with Medicare.. 1/1
Nothing wrong with seniors getting more help.
Now how about Medicare for all? Think of all the seniors who have not hit 65? 2/
You strong Democratic women in the Senate are amazing. Thanks for all you do!
Don't stop at seniors.   Medical costs are what makes health care unaffordable.
Wonderful!

I'm 41 and my prescriptions are a second house payment each month. Elderly, I agree, but it's a general prob regardless of age.
I have a part D provider that helps me out with that, otherwise it would be unaffordable. You should be able to get a part D provider.
Thank you both!!  
Hurry I have 2 that cost 600.00 each and my insurance covers about half.
So you are getting Medicare to negotiate pricing?
I hope so!!
#Harris4Prez2020
Thank You!
Thank you!
Thank you, one of my meds is my whole months food budget. If it goes up again, less food. We are fixed incomes. Our IRAs STOLEN BY WS, GOP
Thank you!
inspiring to have such wicked smart, honest, caring and hard working women in the senate. 

Yes, seniors are typically on a fixed income & shouldn't have 2 chose between medication & housing, food, etc.
That's a reality faced by most Americans. Not just seniors. This is a half assed measure just like all Dem promises for the last 30 years.
Thank you Senator. You make us proud. I am so happy I voted for you. A wonderful Barbara Boxer successor.
On behalf of my 94 yr old grandmother who's on a tight, fixed income, I thank you sincerely.
Thank you!
Kamala2020
Thank you Senator, I worry about my parents on a daily basis with this crazy White House..  Anxiety is on the high in our country.
How about for everyone?
What a sensible idea. Let's put these women in charge stat!
That would be amazing! Thanks! My parents pay way too much for medicine!
Thank you both!!
This is awesome! I keep asking if you'll come to our environmental event at the CA Capitol 8/12/17? You might like meeting our speakers!
Hope so. Marine hubby just couldn't buy his insulin. Our BlueCross thru Fed retire doesn't cover Humulin or Tresiba. Now what?
Hoping it passes,Seniors definitely deserve & need Affordable prescription Medicine
what about S.469?
Thank you!
Please don't forget disabled!! Many fall in the in-between category where we have too much to qualify for Medicaid too little to get help
For all of us. I've spent thousands out of pocket already this year for just one.
 but don't sign anything that takes away oir rights to pre existing conditions or that caps our insurance rights please!
Sign on the bill with @CoryBooker
Let's lower them for everyone !!!
Time 2 negotiate all drug costs. Also go after hospitals that charge $48 for 1 Tylenol.
Thank you!! 
Only the free market can lower prices. Government just moves the cost to someone else.
Why not support single payer?
Explain why it is superior to multipayer multitier UHC please.
Thank you.
How about lowering the costs for ALL Americans so we can afford to become seniors.
Prescription drugs should be free as part of your free universal health care, simple
That would be a seniors answer to prayer.
Now if we could get rid of that law banning Medicare from negotiating drug prices..... 
Amen!!
Please get rid of lifelong penalties for Medicare Part D.  There was no policy in my area for disabled, yet penalties are up to $2K by now.
Keep me coming Kamala!  Keep fighting and resist
Thank you, Senators. My Rx costs have gone thru the roof as have my copays.
What about us non-seniors?
I can't believe what my prescription medicare pays for some of my drugs.
Borders on  'WTF' Who's watching the store? Outrageous.
Thank you 

This would be such a relief for those of us with lower fixed incomes. Thank you for any and all efforts, Senator Harris.
This is a start in the right direction
Why just seniors?
@SenKamalaHarris about TIME compare EXTREMELY HIGH DRUG PRICES with other developed EUROPEAN COUNTRIES-the way to HEALTHCARE
Thank you, Sen. Harris & Sen. Klobuchar!
whats the catch?  Its aimed to do that, but what is it ACTUALLY going to do to them?
Everyone needs this
The women will get it done
ROFL!! Like Clinton did?
How about for all of us.
Thanks you!!! I have 3 I cannot take because I cannot afford them.
How about ALL Americans. We ALL pay too much for prescription drugs.
Thank you.
What about the disabled? It's not just elderly that can't afford medication...js
Thank you!! I'm also on disability and I had to drop a biologic that worked great for me. I paid  $5 with my wife's insurance and on ...
...Medicare it jumped to $1000 a month.
Many seniors get relief thru Medicate PDP. Pls include children & low income.
I can't tell you how important this bill is! Living on social security doesn't give one much expendable income to pay for RX drugs.
Thank you for your efforts to lower drug costs for Seniors. I hope costs can be lowered for ALL of us! My prescriptions are too expensive!
another thing that needs looked at is lowering healthcare costs.
President Harris
You never know,
Thank you Kamala and Amy. We need your voice NOW! #aging #seniors #UNITE #Healthcare @AARP
I am British so not really my problem, but why not for everyone and not just seniors?
And if you are a senior in the UK your prescription is free! Because you paid in your working life with Social Securtity.
Thank you Senators - Proud MN constituent
Listen to Harris. I think the women can fix this. The men have tried and failed.
Nope, she's Republican lite. Just like Hillary.
Thank you Kamala and Amy!!
That's a start...
