Fights broke out after torch-bearing white nationalists marched on the University of Virginia  http://nyti.ms/2vP7mP0 
I'm afraid, to the rest of the world now, this is exactly what it looks like America stands for. Hatred, bigotry, racism.  

MAGA? Hardly!
or poetically
Trumps selective silence
On prejudiced violence
A quiet condemnation
Of his Aryan nation
#BlackSenators Enforce the #kkkact (((Now))) Their The #1TerroistThreat To America
Please call it what it is-Fascism. Trump & the NRA are advocating "making American great again" by bringing back an era of no civil rights
These are the faces of domestic terrorism 
Very mean hateful faces
BLM and Antifa are domestic terrorist with much more violence and political support to their credit.  Bernie's rifle baseball guy too.
Must clear Nazis out of WH and DOJ
O
Let's start with your own party hypocrite.
#ThisIsNotUs
Why would we expect trump to turn on his base. He is a racist, wouldn't he be hurting himself? I was surprised he addressed it at all.

Type of racist attack that never makes the headlines

https://twitter.com/bulin_jl/status/711660729603067904/video/1 …
How many of these Home Grown terrorists have sworn to serve and protect?
That goes both ways you can't hate the haters either . Nice try though.Your all haters. You hate them they hate you its a hate lovin.
Yet you persist in labels and identities to divide us. You are just as criminal and racist as those you condemn. Americans know better.
Broken American system is the base problem, systematically oppressing and promoting hate and terrorism.  USA has always been a bully. Revolt
President himself is in the way of "we all must unite." .
as a NON Americans we dismay!!!! Will America step up and lead or just follow ... Putin?, Duterte?, Erdogan?, Duke?, Bannon?, Gorka? ...
btw a Nazi flag in Germany gets you immediately locked up ... how about that for a suggestion ?
I am a child of the 60's. Never thought I see this hate again. I'm am sick and thoroughly disgusted. This is appallinf
I agree with that Maureen!
He needs removed plus his cabinet
The baby Man did not won't to deal with this I think they forced him to get out there and make a fool of himself
Unfortunately what American stands for and what America says it stands for have always been different and exclusive
yes! this!
Nazis gotta go! Oh, yeah, I forgot,America elected a Nazi sympathizer!! Get rid of this "sophomoric, maladjusted pretender to the throne!"
This hate is actually what America was built on. The polls don't lie. Eyes wide open, no time for games! 
This isn't terrorism. This is an act of civil war. The white supremacist want a civil war and want to expel all nonwhites and Jews.
Get the nazis out of WH- Bannon, Gorka and Miller - start fighting for our democracy b4 it's too late
Sit wasn't a crash! It was a terrorist attack!  Nice mug shot, btw.
Well you would think that our dear President would've tweeted something by now as I'm watching people getting beat in the streets in V A
How many hours later???
ASAP
This is what the president should have said. Kamala 2020.
NO SURPRISE! no time to unite but to SPLIT FROM BIGOTRY RACISM & abuse & defend values unite Reps & Dems: time 2 lead or get out of the way
This is happening while Trump has diverted resources from investigating domestic terrorism. Coincidence?
@SenKamalaHarris tell that to @realDonaldTrump he seriously divided the country....

Senator next time @jeffsessions is on the hot seat ask why Richard Spencer & Jason Kessler aren't on a watch list just like other terrorist?
Can you say the same about Antifa or BLM? Or do you draw the line Senator?
Americans have been hating from day one just ask any Native American
Kamala 2020
Trump continues to validate that he must be impeached
The hate comes from both sides in Charlotte- just like black lives matter spews hate. Is that ok?
@nytimes it is American ...and part of take back american ...terrorist they are ...they are like apple pie...trumps team...
We must force POTUS to specifically & unconditionally  condemn white supremacists and Neo Nazis bc POTUS is a white supremacist ally himself
Try supporting out President and stop the hate speech
There is plenty of room in the private prisons for them
I don't believe in the klan or racist groups, but they come in all shapes and colors. Not just white.
Not when the president condones it!
Hate and violence committed by the Democrats and Left should be scorned.  Where was your scorn then?
Trump started this with the birther movement he created about Obama. He has White supremacist in his administration.... he's racist
& 30% 100 million Americans voted for him &maybe still as many approve ... no1 can claim not to know this is violent bigotry &racism!!!
I don't think I can ever enjoy a warm evening in my yard with a lit tiki torch ever again without envisioning these low-life dirtbags.
Watch diversion!
IKR? The day after the Civil War ended. Democrats started the Ku Klux Klan. That's quite a legacy you have there.
It the Republicans who excitedly gobbled up the movement as their base in the 50s and 60s and still empower it now. You absolute trashbag.
Senate must speak directly to Trump. White Supremacists in the WH, Bannon, Gorka and Miller are catalysts. They must go. U must demand it.
@teaIDonaIdTrump #lockhimup
Is it because I'm Teal?
We are individuals with equal individual rights. That idea unites us. Group rights like black rts., women's rts., LGBT rts., etc. divide us.
This hate is what got Trump elected on Nov 8th
White Supremacist Trump blames 'many sides' for violent clashes in Virginia (from @AP)
Please. You’re one of the biggest hate-mongers in America. Do the country a favor and get lost. We’ll be fine without you.
First order; remove the POTUS.
Fuck them
Get a grip. This is exactly what USA stands for. 50+ yrs of injustice, intimidation, lynching, & economic inequality. Look at SCOTUS & MoC.
Spoken like a true leader and I also mean this from the bottom of my heart  Madame Future President
Not possible until our racist, anti American president is out.  He is responsible for these acts of violence by remaining silent.
@realDonaldTrump "is against everything America stands for. We must all stand united against it". #ImpeachTrumpNow
But it IS everything the GOP stands for.
True dat.
Oh stop, that's exactly what America has stood for all along.
all paid by Soro's and Obama.Obama promoted riots starting with Ferguson.This is Charlottes 2nd big riot.The first nothing from democrats
KAMALA 2020
Well this doesn't surprise me at all because this country's fabric was built on Racism Segregation Blacks rights freedom land was taken away
This illegitimate thief Trump support them his cabinet is racists white Nationalists Steve Bannon has clearence in the white house
sadly 30% of the population stand for this but go quiet. tRump wants to study it ? ... read history!!! ... btw Native Americans are @ home
When are we marching?  We need to show each other and the world that this is not who we are.  Before Trump declares martial law.
Everything seeps from the top down  Get your peeps together Kamala and get him out of the Whitehouse. This has to stop.
We must stamp out the vintage where the grapes of wrath are stored.
trump inspired it and enables it. His reactions today show his true intent. He MUST be removed from office.
No, this hate is not against all America stands for. Instead, hate is everything the Republican Nazi Confederate Trump party stands for.
You can thank #45 for all this hate. Now he's on tv trying to preach non violence. Nobody believes him especially me.
i hate this too
This is not simply, "Hate" it is organized Nazi and White Supremacists organized Terrorist groups; who's members serve in the White House!
INSIST ON THE FIRING OF BANNON. GORKA. MILLER. IMMEDIATELY.
They are terrorists, plain and simple.
Trump must fire bannon , gorka and miller immediately #FireGorka #FireBannon #FireMiller #nonazis @realDonaldTrump
Senator we need to consider exiting the USA - 
please lend support to a #FreeCalifornia
You stand for bashing unity. Better blame the non Democrats.
You must call it what it is Senator, and dispense with this ambiguous "hate" nonsense. It's specifically hatred against non-whites.
Please, right now this needs to be louder. Where are our Dem leaders? This is the tepid response? Not just you but several. Disappointed.
We are against it. You make it a political issue. You're the problem.
I support you but Americans have always been full of hate.  Our target may shift from time 2 time but we always find a group 2 hate. :(
Sen Harris...my guess is they just opened a can of worms that will consume them all....
the worms are out ... and no way back in2 the can ... what eats worms? and does not get sick of it ?
I completely agree! However, you never denounced leftist riots like this... Just saying.

Tell that to our President.
Every single election - Remember Charlottesville and what Trump & the GOP have done.
Ignornce like this is hate we  must #erasehate
a label  a musicisn a disgrace he will lose followers exeot the modern day KKK  white supremists he leads
Trump, Bannon, sessions all stand for this hatred
I never heard you say anything critical of Black Lives Matter, Senator
What about the hate in Berkley? Did you come out in favor of that because it was torward Trump? Left is always right?
Where was this statement from you when BLM protestors were calling for the death of police officers? "Pigs in a blanket--fry 'em like bacon"
Hate against whom? Be specific. This is who they are. Call them out #NeoNazism
Do you agree that the same hate is perpetuated by the left i.e.:UC Berkeley riots?
How will you hold Trump accountable? #Charlottesviille #stateofemergency
So true !!!
We are watching but we are also seeing the breadth and depth of the response of true Americans and we are heartened. America, the real
2) America will win in the end and I will be the first to say " Welcome back my old friend, Welcome to a foreign fireside" (H W Longfellow)
I am horrified. It is ALL due to the evil rhetoric and hyperbole from 45 and his racist WH. I just pray Mueller is advancing quickly 45 OUT!
When are you going to update me on your cohort's threats to murder me Kamala @SenKamalaHarris?  cc: @jeffsessions @TheJusticeDept @FBI
Bannon, Gorka and Miller must all be removed from their positions in the admininstration for their racist views.
Apparently not...
I have been asking ALL Dem leaders who tweet - are lobbying GOP leaders to impeach trump?   None of this is going to stop until he is gone!
Don't kid yourself.  Obama was the peak of race riots of our time.
Ms. Harris, I expect you to be honest. This is exactly what America stands & stood for, only now THEY have permission to show it.
Starting with Congress.
We need to stand United? We're ALREADY United. We need the police to respond like they would if #BLM were *peacefully* protesting!
The World looks to the USA as an example of a great leading nation. It is descending into God knows what at the moment. Sad times
They have been given permission to display their hate in public from @realDonaldTrump ! This is awful!
Senator, I implore you to make impeaching tRump & getting his admin out of the WH your top priority. This hate is not acceptable.
We must work together to stop these senseless acts. Violence achieves nothing.  #whereisthelove
Wish I knew what "stand united" meant.
And when will you stand up against the BLM?
Correct. If the rest of us weren't here to serve as targets, their malignant hated would cause them to canalize themselves.
@DearAuntCrabby @realDonaldTrump He really doesn't give a crap. Speaks volumes for who he really is.
We have Fed Hate Crime laws. To demonstrate is one thing but when it becomes criminal & fighting, it needs to be moved into the courthouse.
The people these goofs were chanting against are Americans and human beings. Two groups they want to be separated from. Mission accomplished
Trump enabled all this hatred to crawl out from under their Nazi rocks #ImpeachNow #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #TrumpCrimeFamily
waiting for @realDonaldTrump to say this... I know he won't... He's a #WhiteSupremacists
What?! This hate IS everything America stands for. This hate is as American as apple pie. Denying its existence won't stop it.
And yet we have heard nothing from the egotistical President of the US who was elected be caused he fueled this fire.
And yet the president of the USA says nothing. Speaks volumes to what he really stands for, white supremacy, hatred, & bigotry.
Yet it is also unfortunately typical of American culture. We always seem to need to 'hate' some 'other' ppl.
I just don't get how people can have so much hate in them. Life suppose to be enjoying not living in hate. Makes me sick

@SenFranken @SenWarren et al. You all need to show up & do the counter protesting too. Lead your people like Dr King
Something has to be done about Bannon and Gorka
We do. Would love to see you condemning the true fascists in America, the leftists, too though Senator.
It would be nice if our President condemned these types of things, but he's too busy promoting Guam's tourism and popularity.
45 has chosen who he will serve & not serve. He doesn't stand for the American principles that have been established.
More like the #BLM and liberal thugs attacked peaceful white people standing up for the god given right to be heard. Enough of one sided BS
Agreed from both sides right Kami?
Senator to me standing against hate means assembling and protesting tonight against cowards neo Nazis in #Charlottesville.
If you want to stop the HATE. Shut-up and resign. That would be a shot in California's ARM.
Yup
https://twitter.com/thegarygraham/status/896406476679503873 …
I'm so looking forward to you becoming the next president!!!!


Kamala stop acting like you have nothing to do with this Sweety.
https://twitter.com/supraTruth/status/896406565279879168 …
Not any more it isn't. This is @realDonaldTrump's America&WH. The vermin have come out from under their rocks.
Ironic because the tiki torches are from Polynesia & no doubt they hate people from there too. Idiots.
.@GOP #complicit in #TrumpRussiaCollusion. Hate-filled pieces of sh*t. #TheResistance
THIS OPTIC AND ABORAHNT BEHAVIOR IS SEEN WORLD WIDE.
                                   THE USA IS CHAOS
Let's all march against this hate!
YES ,Sen.Kamala Harris, at St.Abthonys Chapel (Hosp) for PRAYER, your tweet (notification) at this moment.TRUTHFULLY 11:52am CT.
2:10pm CT Having left my regular grocer with enough (Bags), on bus headed home will transfer to another bus.@SenKamalaHarris TRUTHFULLY
4:15pm CT @Sen.KamalaHarris, @MLBnetwork Saturday Game @ Red Sox vs @Yankees Watching Now,TRUTH
7:00pm CT @ESPN The Little League World Series, FROM Thurmont,M.D. @SenKamalaHarris, Watching Now
8:11pm.@FOXSPORTS  @MLB Saturday Night Baseball, @Reds Cincinnati vs @Brewers Milwaukee,  Watching Now, @SenKamalaHarris
10:00pm CT @MLBnetwork @Astros Houston vs @Rangers Texas, Watching Now @SenKamalaHarris  BOT of 6th INNING
11:20pm @CNN Late Night News,  Breaking News, Watching Now, @SenKamalaHarris
12:00am @CNN cont'd coverage, Watching ,@SenKamalaHarris
Is it against everything America stands for? Or is this is who we are? We need to admit it before it's too late. This is who we are today.
I can appreciate the sentiment senator, although we are seeing played out the very principles this country was established on.
Who are white nationalists?
You might be one yourself. Judging by your feed you are definitely a misogynist just by supporting Bill O'Reilly.
Finally agree with something you say and how you said it. Thanks for not making this an "all white people" or a "Trump" thing. There is hope
As far as we can assess that from Europe this racist hate and violence are exactly what the flawed democracy America stands for.
IMPEACHMENT
The organizer of the supremacists has said they will be there all weekend!!
I am all for frdom of spch & the rt to assemble.However, that also means I have a rt to condemn what others say. I condemn the evil in VA.
Wonder if the same National Guard from Ferguson was called for this March? #JustAsking
Each State has it's "own" National guard.
This is the @GOP exposed. They are affiliated w/ KKK, Nazis, and other racist organization. Not for traditional reasons. Only HATE.
Yuppp u got that right  Sickening   just aboharnt  behavior ,, why  of yeah  Trumps Cheif advisor The Real President Steve Bannon
KAMALA!
Thanks, Sen Harris.  The @GOP has forgotten that if they are the party of Lincoln then they are against the confederacy. 
And George Washington cannot tell a lie, Yankee doodle stuck a feather in hat and called it macaroni, & Freedom means we want your oil...
Too bad our "President" doesn't.  He won't even acknowledge and now the National Guard is coming out?
#25thAmendmentNow
60 million people voted for Trump. It's bigger than this protest. #nonazis
We must root out hatred and intolerance wherever it hides. Those are not our modern American values.
Let's have the courage to act like Americans and shun the fear of bigotry.
Notice the silence from POTUS?
