It seems to me women are always silenced in the Senate.
what?  she wouldn't stop talking LOL
They never stop the men when they go on and on!
because she wouldn't let him answer, she had a specific amount of time & wasted it wanting to hear her own voice instead of his answer
Thats HER decision. She can spend her time whistling Dixie if she chooses. Leave Stepford Conni
typical liberal: immediately resort to foul language & personal attacks, come back when you want to have real dialogue with real adult words
It's not a "personal" attack. It's what DT said and became very public. Still you support him?
let the gentleman answer your question,which he did by the way but it wasn't what u wanted to hear,right?you just love to hear yourself talk
#Democratsbackin20182020 The real American people will not forget at next election
I'll be watching Gowdy Fry Comey!!!
Thank you for making California so darned proud!!!
What a witch with a capital B. An embarrassment to Women and California.  Glad the committee chair called her out with a warning!!!
Agreed.
Using the term intelligence loosely
Incisive and laser-focused questioning. Excellent job
The GOP is condescending and disdainful toward women. Keep persisting, Senator Harris!
You are my spirit animal.  Keep fighting...
Kamala Harris for President 2020.
if you need your minions to save you from burr because you are a woman and they throw out sexist and everything else YOU NEED TO RESIGN
As expected...waste of time. A bunch of non denial denials.  We need to regain the house in 2018. Only then will we know
Not happening
We will light this country RED from sea to shining sea! They will STILL be in denial, but Thank ya Jesus, they won't be in charge anymore. 

The level of disrespect to @SenKamalaHarris is real on that committee. Asking difficult questions but was shutdown by Burr. Shameful!
waaaaaa does she need her binkie?
Too bad you embarrassed yourself & had to be shut up.  Give witnesses time to answer.
Your behavior was an embarrassment to California and the Senate.
Democrats are out of touch! You're embarrassing America. My sister's affordable Obamacare is about to bankrupt her family!
Says who?
Make sure somebody asks about Sessions!
Trump should not be allowed to nominate a FBI Director or anyone while his administration is under investigation.
Great job to you and all senators
I did, and I loved it when Richard Burr told you to suspend
You almost got your 15 minutes
@SenatorBurr  @CNN @MSNBC 

Senator Harris reps 39 million Californian's.
You NEED to show her the proper respect that is deserved #Shame
You rock! Smart questions, no nonsense, cool under pressure!
Stay strong, Sen! You're doing a great job representing us!
Don't ask questions if you don't want to hear the answers. They won't answer because it will incriminate Obama but you can't see that!!!!!!
You make no sense.
@SenKamalaHarris "So is that a no?"  Perfection 
@SenKamalaHarris a real Super Woman in real life. 
I have to stop reading these replies. The sheer stupidity and the absolute need to believe in the CNN narrative of POTUS is sad.
I'd like to see consequences for their refusal to answer questions. You were right. A Y/N answer is not too much to ask.
He deserved to answer the question fully. She tried to make it a yes or no question but the answer needed to be explained.
I like this Senator- seems like the good ol boys cant handle the questions-
Well, when you're used to kicking down doors in violation of the 4th amendment & enriching politicians w/ asset seizure b4 a guilty verdict
Keep it up ..... The chairman is a jerk
whtagft@hotmail.com tell Morgan or Barry  not to interfere with computer stuff.
Please have MC call me. I met you at Morgan's.I am the rightful Heir of Standard Oil and Motorola. There is a lot of confusion. Call
The fact that someone like you is on the "intelligence" committee is one of the great oxymorons of our time, keyword: Moron.
So proud of you Kamala!!! We voted for you and you're proving why we did!!!!
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris for persisting! We need you!
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris - we are fortunate to be so brilliantly represented in California. I know you will persist!
@billclinton @davidduchovny @SecretService #dirtboxinternetfiles
You did your thing at that hearing today. BRAVO!!!!!
until it reeks of 8-day old collard greens.  They are too dishonest & deceitful to handle something so important as our intelligence.
The are ALL covering-up for DJT.  Plain & simple.  They have milked that stench of an excuse of "not being able to discuss in this setting"
It's simple you saw it I saw it
for the American people who DEMAND answers, truthful answers.  If they cannot be truthful with our intelligence, they need to go!
Rosenstein stabbed Comey in the back, and has lied his way to the top.  He seems to forget whom he works for.  They forget they work
It is obvious these 4 are lying, & cannot be trusted with something as crucial as our intelligence.  Lying through omission is still lying.
Watched you ask complex questions and demand Y or N answers. Legalisms not your strong suit but you are a great interrupter.
WITCH HUNT
Democrat ,HRC Supporter, Harvard professor civil rights " no crimes! should not even be special prosecutor investigating! Nothing illegal
Disgusting how you were treated.  Thrilled with how you searched for truth.
Rosenstein didn't even have to assign a special counselor !! NO CRIMES WERE COMMITTED!
Please learn manners! There is an etiquette in DC. Obviously, you didn't learn those attributes in CA! #RedNationRising
There is no fucking etiquette in DC. There is nothing but  she knows that and she knows how to handle herself
Her behavior today was childish w/no respect 4 intel hearing by not allowing the Sect answer her?! She has a hard head & needs manners #Lib
She asked a yes or no question after clearly explaining the precedent and refused to take anything less then a direct answer.
If she was a man she would be praised for being like Trump and not taking any shit but because she is a woman "she needs manners"
First impressions matter, not to allow someone to speak is very "UnAmerican" coming from the lawless state of CA where illegals matter more
Yup it's the Wild West out here. Don't come and visit
I don't spend my $ where I cannot carry my weapon!
Media now laughing @SenKamalaHarris for never knowing what the hearing is about #FISA When she questioned CIA, it was about climate. HUH?!!
Oh girl I watched as the "male" card was played which proves nothing has changed towards women. Total disrespect.
Nope not giving u shit!!!
Yeah, that was a no.  Thank you showing out the disingenuous smirking gaslighting piece of work.
Great job despite being treated rudely.
Poor questioning by you.
Your rude grand standing behavior toward those well respected leaders of our country is noted
Proud of our state and having a history of female senators; but, she is an embarrassment!
Thank you for your efforts in the hearings today. I know that this is a difficult matter but please do continue and know we appreciate it.
Thanks for trying. But since you didn't ask Q's in Russian, they didn't understand. We're so screwed.
How did you become so rude, hate filled and anti American? I think you were always a spoiled hateful person with no morals.
Please do not misinterpret my comment that you are rude because you are a strong accomplished women. Your behavior at the hearing was RUDE!
These Senate hearings are a joke!  Can't even answer a SIMPLE question smh
BRAVO!
Too bad you showed no intelligence on this one.Last jr senator ruined the whole country. Legacy of corruption deception division and failure
Once again... EMBARASSING
I was sitting here in LA upset the way you were interrupted. It seemed extremely sexist with a hint of racism imo. #CaliforniaLove
nice piece of mansplaining there by Rosenstein. what a crew. stay strong.
You are way awesome  #SenateIntelCommittee
Thank you.
Just saw you live and wanted to let you know that is a great photo-shopped pic on your Twitter feed.
You make us PROUD!!! #SenateIntelHearing
Proud of you 
Thank you for your strong questioning today! Do not back down! #persist #resist
Rosenstein refused to answer yes or no. Complicit!
You are inspiring! Please consider 2020.
You were powerful and don't ever let sexism and/or racism stop you! #BLACKWOMANMAGIC 
You rocked it Senator.. stand your ground!
TU for asking the tough questions and pointing out the weakness of Mueller's position. The chairman was sexist in trying to quiet you
Your questions!
Good grief, you sound like a "whole chapter" of a book on tape then want a "yes or no answer" Give us a break Sen!
I saw that exchange. I'm stunned by your treatment. Your qs show your prosecutorial experience, and were not out of line.
Weak performance on your part.
Wow! @SenatorBurr should be ashamed of how he treated you today! Ugh!
The time will come when there will be many more women in the Senate.
Go get em, Kamala!
Thank you for being so aggressive. You rock!
HAPPENING NOW: @SenKamalaHarris making a compete fool of herself.
You go, girl!  Great job today. #ShePersisted
So many are grateful for your efforts in today's hearing. But this is scary. Losing confidence
May I commend you on your direct questioning.
Thank you for your hard line of real questions! Bemusing; the @GOP asking for "respect" they didn't offer Clinton during her hearings...
Prepared, determined, resolute, commanding - a cosmic star.
My (our) (California's) United State Senator!!! (President Harris?)
Acting AG Rosenstein sure took you to school today.  Another failed prosecution for you Ms. Harris.
Omg.... When you said, "No, sir..." (when he was interrupting you), I stood up and cheered! Damn! That was so great!!
History and facts don't matter with you. You would not have asked for the signed letter for independence if they did.
You're getting OWNED by the panel
Keep fighting the good fight Senator! Don't let them bully you. You asked legitimate questions and good old boy protections are horrible
You go, Girl! Let the haters hate! 
thank you for your persistence in questioning  today
Just watched this ....... very rude and disrespectful. I guess money can't buy manners!!
Great job Senator!
I am watching!Your mouth is embarrassing.I'm ashamed to be a Dem Guess our election losses will continue to mount because of crazies like u
You did an amazing job! If anyone wants to see sexism displayed (by this committee) in full view, watch this hearing...despicable.
Who still doesn't understand unmasking?
Why are you even on this committee? So disrespectful and rude, and no clue what you're talking about. Kudos to @SenatorBurr 
...so is that a no? 
Keep it up you will get to the truth
Guess Republicans still can't handle women trying to get to the truth. "So that's a no?"  #ShePersisted Please keep asking questions!
LOL how did playing the "woman" card work for hillary...
You didn't even hear his answer because you were too busy sighing and shaking your head. You're a talker not a listener obviously.
This hearing is disgusting #Rosenstein #McCabe #Rogers #Coats have pledged their allegiance 2 @realDonaldTrump NOT Americans! R they scared?
They know he's watching on TV. Closed door session apparently.
You have literally become my most favorite person EVER!
Mine too love her!!!!!
Your questions were good. It was so unfair how to the chairman only called you out for interrupting them to answer with a yes or no.
Watch video of today & get a new game plan. Palpable frustration= disrespectful bitchiness, isn't a courtroom. Slow Freshman, watch & learn.
Well done! Yes or no? Answer the question!
Nice try Senator. Keep pushing.  I think that was a "No." as well.
LISTENED TO U! U WERE DISRESPECTFUL WAS CALLED ON IT AND CONTINUED, UR SNIPPY ATTITUDE WAS NOT RESPECTFUL!
besides just like u were w Pompeo U were off target w your questions! Political see me much!!!
You are fierce. Thank you for trying to get truths out of these people obstructing clarification.
It was obviously a no and as you said he filibusters his answers . Keep on them senator and thank you
Well done... don't let those cronies @Rod_Rosenstein  get away with not answering your questions.
Very funny!
Push back on @SenatorBurr keep ensuring witnesses' answers are responsive to your questions!
Excellent questions- but sorry u did not receive your "answer"
you are doing a fine job!!!
Thank you for asking tough questions and advocating for the American people!!! 
#THERESISTANCE
Only person she advocated for was herself, trying to impress someone.  Not impressed,  shes rude and didnt know what she was doing.
Usually if u ask a ?, ppl r allowed to respond. Disrespecting these men is not becoming or professional, even for a NEWBY such as urself.
You totally overstepped your boundaries. No respect and typical Dem(on) talking over ppl!
it's a yes or no question....they refuse to answer!!!! very telling
Like HRC, Comey & rest of FBI took the 5th? Listen how Warner & rest of Dem(ons) ask questions. Quoting fake media w/ no evidence. Joke!
Can you be any more rude and disrespectful?
your rude? Who votes for you?
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE stop embarrassing Calif. You are a rude woman and had to be admonished by your fellow Senators. HORRIBLE!
why have a meeting on a topic when the meeting isn't about that at all? No wonder you never get anything done.
Welcome to class Senator; the chairman provided you w/ a lesson in etiquette didn't he?  Know when to speak and when to listen you'll go far

#isthatano.  Yes.
What a arrogant smirk! Wow!
What does it feel like to be a liberal snowflake? This is, was and supposed to be a hearing on Section 702 renewal!!
very rude in questioning.
Her job isn't to worry about hurt feelings. They can take it up with their therapist.
Groan. Your inexperience is killing you.
Nice job!
Love how the chairman just shut u down. U r a very rude person! Shame on u for ur dismissive, disrespectful behavior!
excellent work today at Senate hearing. Thank you.
Grandstander.

Always love how Sen. Harris gets to the bottom of her inquiry so eloquently and puts the non denial denyers on notice. She doesn't play!
You are a treasure to our country, thank you for your service.
@realDonaldTrump @jeffsessions @FoxNews Asking questions & not allowing answers publicly reveals your agenda.Disappointing.
There's a time limit there's a simple question yes or no answer not her fault he prattles on to avoid answering.
Nay,Harris would not accept Y or N answers.She tried to framework.
I don't like the disrespect u r showing to the men testifying. U r being unfair and dismissive.
Why do you ask questions then not allow answers.
You clearly prefer to hear yourself
she hasn't learned this common courtesy; although the chairman schooled her in that courtesy.
You were so very rude to Admiral Rogers.  Typical Liberal Hack, with no interest in the truth.  Just grandstanding bloviating.
with all due respect...he has been an ass himself today....soooo he set the tone early on
No.  He is limited by law and she knows it.  This is a Dem. Witch hunt and their little conspiracy is falling apart. This is all they have!
You Go Go Go
You told him no. And I loved it!
I hope you allow others to speak today
Ask tough questions Please!! #trumprussia #impeachtrump
@SenKamalaHarris & dems so fixated on takedown of your pres. you can't hear or analyze. Why aren't you working? @marthamaccallum @Varneyco
Watching Now!! Sen Kamala Harris, TRUTH
@CSPAN 1 is no longer covering Live Coverage of the Senate Intelligence Hearing ; Sen. Kamala Harris; .11am ct. Now U.S. House of Rep. TRUTH
11:12am @CNN ; Now Watching Senate Intelligence Committee, yourself making questioning Sen. Kamala Harris
#702 #Catch22 #Obama did Political Spying! Renew 702 & @POTUS gets to #Spy on YOU! PROSECUTE #OBAMA Support @GOP Policies! End #resistance
Are you able, in this hearing, to ask Rosenstein about the Comey firing???
...that, in and of itself, is very telling.
Agree Carly, because they'd Are not answering the simple questions posed. By rep warner.. at least as they say, they won't do it publicly
It's waste of tax payers $$$ & time!!! Disappointing this whole circus act shame on all so called leaders!
