Let’s be clear - there are concrete ways we can begin to address it. We should start by raising the federal minimum wage $15 an hour.
We should pass @SenGillibrand’s national paid family leave bill & @SenSanders’ College for All Act.
And yes, we can and should be doing more to address economic injustices that exist at the intersection of gender and race.
And - this last part is important - we need to defend & strengthen rules in place to keep big banks & corporations from cheating Americans.
These rules are under attack by this Administration every day.
You are 100% wrong in every way. The policies you are suggesting will take the USA down to the level of 3rd world.
Exactly right!! Only group doing well is the private sector & worse is that they are stuffing the $$ away. Ur one of the few speaking on it
We are saving money because we work and don't rely on free food and welfare
Small businesses should discount 1 item, become known as the place to buy that item, then discount another and another. We must DIY.
You've got to be kidding. Didn't you just meet with Clinton's big $$ donors in the Hamptons? You're nothing but an establishment lakey.
No! She is just STUPID!! No way to say it! STUPID! Wants all for nothing, and anyone who works hard should have nothing!
We should start by paying politicians less.
You can't fix lazy people.  You give them money so there is no incentive to work.  #libtardation
Now nyt complaining . How about educating Americans not illegals or foreigners .this is a result of democratic policies
I agree Kamala -- The Economy is grotesquely UNBALANCED.
Another idiot! Must be on State Aid! My stocks up 27%!!!
Ah thank you for continuing to push your ppl are victims socialist ideals on the American ppl. You truly are one of the worst
That's funny, you weren't saying this when your beloved Obama was POTUS
Nice try Commie.
First the politicians have to quit taking money from the people at the top. Will you pledge to not accept any money from top 5%?
You're the 1% you fraud
Yet you did absolutely nothing to fix income inequality in San Francisco and California in your previous positions with a Democrat monopoly.
Start by forgoing your congressional pay!
Once again demonstrating beyond question your complete inability to  comprehend even the most basic precepts of elementary macroeconomics.
Fix issues like politicians who go to D.C. Poor and leave millionaires...
I could care less about "inequity" and I went to NU. College means nothing if we don't have GROWTH. #DNC is cancer 4 job growth in US.
We must put on our Vagina Costumes march in the streets and demand $15 dollars an hour.
U can start by getting rid of OCA. Work with the Pres to lower taxes; keep illegals out who cost us billions; stop funding sanctuary cities
How about you just limit yourself to the Constitutional authority of a Senator and let the rest of us live our lives?
First of all get rid of all liberals that will fix every problem in the world
You KNOW 8 yrs of #FascistDems in Exec Branch Obama benefited only 1% & extorted the rest 
Your caterwauling should be further scrutinized
Gfy
There's gross cost of living diff in US. Everybody/everything isn't equal incl wages, home values, IQ, performance - provide opportunity.
Because the exonomy can be broken down in a simple chart...fool.
We need to go back to the pre-Reagan 70% top tax rate, there is zero trickle down from the top 0.1% it instead goes to political hobbyists
Lobbyist = Bribes-person
Hobby Lobbyists = (MiC)
CitizensUnited = No elections
Bush Doctrine = Endless war
get rid of the leach illegals, you live off the govt dime, hypocrite

Here's a concept, you Soros puppet- how about ppl work hard & advance themselves-& not expect McD's to be a career option they can live on?
you really area libtard every thing free guess what tax payers are tired of you freebees we pay for you
There are many factors far beyond increased wages... that's a bandaid on a bullet wound.
I ate a taco bowl at Trump Tower & took the biggest Kamala Harris you ever saw. I had to do a courtesy flush to avoid ruining the wallpaper
You haven't fixed a dam thing besides elections & you're talking about fixing stuff? Now that's hilarious, my little racist POS hold my 
Yeah ask Obama why in his administration the richer got superich and no regulation happened
That's some really crappy weed you're smoking...
And yet another assumption of the left that all humans need to consume substances to endure a good life... so cliché
There you go making assumtions about others again
I didnt say you smoke (which obviously you do) but you assumed I did and that it was crappy... you should read more
WRONG. I don't smoke. But you're tripping on bigotry buds
This says as much about you as having 'hates' in your name: "endure a good life."

You have to live with yourself and your hate. I don't. 
Read more
Yes we do!
Can you break this down by sex?
Hell yes we do.But we need to make it more punitive for the top billionaires.They're starting to cause too much trouble and need 2b checked.
Fuck yeah! Socialism Now! 
And who do you think Trump represents?  You were duped Deplorables!
Reagan's tax cuts did the middle class in. Going from 70% to 35% has crumbled our infrastructure & middle class. The tax cut was never...
...meant to be saved or hoarded but spent. How that wasn't a requirement blows my mind.
Any and all should keep this chart on hand and look at it before one votes. Be a great question for new Reps
Small steps are not going to reverse this trend. These uber wealth operate in a sphere unto themselves--beyond govt.  It feels hopeless.
Plutarch, ancient Greek biographer: "An imbalance between rich & poor is the oldest & most fatal ailment of all republics." #TheResistance

,,,,Even a small slice of the pie! Why do they trust him?
Trump and friends controlling wealth and making certain it isn't shared with middle class is selfish, ignorant and wrong. His base won't get
Nice graph, but what policy will you legislate to make this happen? #BeSpecific #MorePlatitudes #NeverKamala
2014: 85 ppl have = wealth of half the 

2015: 62 ppl have = wealth of half the 

2016: 8 ppl have = wealth of half the 

#FuckCapitalism
Neolib centrist policies will only continue to make it worse, as they did under Obama. & will accelerate w/Trump. All spons. by YOUR donors
Better hurry. Seems we might have about a week left. #PIMPOTUS #FireAndFury #LiarAndWorry
It's structural based on changes in Tax Code starting under Reagan. Productivity growth became delinked to wage increases. It can be fixed.
I think you should join Americorps or the Peace Corps
Yes and.... how about starting with immediate Medicare for All?  @SenSanders would love to have you as a co-sponsor...
How? How many workers ask for a raise only to be told there's "no money"? Meanwhile big bonuses & stock dividends. What do we do?
Who speaks for us when they hold all the cards?
That is IF we have a country since TheRump won't shut up anoit NK
That's what 8 years of Obama policies will do!
Nowhere in this post does it address how to stop the huge increase in pay for the rich. Or how to help the middle class climb.
Cant blame republicans for that
Need to destroy #establishment institutions that promote the self-interest of the few at the expense of the many...
You can't solve any of our country's problems without fixing income inequality. You fix that and most of the violence will disappear. Weird
One of the reasons @realDonaldTrump got elected but @GOP policies work to make this worse. A Plutocracy has taken over
Do you even understand what has caused this in the last 8 years?  Probably not, but how has your 401k done?
Again Kamala ?  Problems but you never have solutions...typical
Why didn't you decline to defend Norsworthy v. Beard like you did Prop 8?
Tell me how lifelong senators/congress enter with little but end up owning $4 million mansions like @MaxineWaters then we can talk!
Yes, the deft transfer of wealth in the 2008 financial crisis has a lot to do with the slope of that line...
Every American should see this graph. Those not familiar with graphed data should have it explained. It's Survival 101 for the nonwealthy.
You declined to defend Prop 8,  why didn't you also decline Norsworthy v. Beard?
Yes,but how,when even those not wealthy aspire 2super wealth (consumers) & are indoctrinated 2believe capitalism is king, despite the facts?
OK...start by reducing Illegal and unskilled legal immigartion, which drives down wages.
What roughly 40 years of declining taxes for the rich. And even more millionaire. Yeah I think it's time.
With Single Payor, could we force corporations to increase pay since they will no longer pay part of benefits? Would get more ppl to support
You'll NEVER do it w/Repub's controlling our Government. As long as ppl "think" Repub's actually represent them, it'll be nearly impossible.
The 1% owns the GOP.Senator this will not change unless the Ds push HARD 2 implement the remedies u laid out,&more needs 2 B done.
What socialists always say before they purchase a few more homes and write books full of lies.
When the spending classes have no cash, the economy dies. The obscenely wealthy are hoarding America's resources. They must circulate.
Looks like a plutocracy.
Yes you do! Such extreme gaps between the wealthy and poor!!!!!! Very small middle class!!
Dear Senator Harris, the corporations & banksters that finance your campaign won't let that happen.
Excellent priorities! Since it isn't politics as usual AND these issues are important! Bravo for pushing this important agenda forward.
Is anyone else thinking about Venezuela right now?

We trust congress to fix anything after the VA, USPS and AMTRAK?  I don't think so.
Progressive taxing would solve this
US corporations and 1% have a high tax rate
@realDonaldTrump & the wealthy do not pay that percent D/T loopholes that he promised to fix
Yes, but how? Need for Dems to offer solution
Wow. What a statement on our country and elitism. And money talks too much.
 Yes. Economic injustice is an issue that can unify the country. 

I agree, President Harris. 
Unfortunately there are a lot of people to educate or even convince about this. Republicans defend their reps over this, don't know why
We need to fix the gross inequality of stupid vs smart that exists in this country
Standing up for issues that matter to Bernie's supporters is a smart move.
Of course many Sanders Democrats are wary of professional politicians who seek out big money donors in the Hamptons.
They should be. But responding on issues that matter to us makes more sense than the smears of racism & sexism we get from lunatics.
Racism?  Sexism? Lunatics?
Yes we do but not with your leftist/socialist agenda! Trump is finally making America Great Again so don't get in his way! #TuesdayThoughts
Get government out of the way and let people succeed to the best of their abilities.
We are the government. We govern ourselves. We should be more responsible and involved in self-governance, not less.
No more #Trickledown #voodoo economics #restoremiddleclass #richpayfairshare @GOP @DNC @Morning_Joe @SenWarren  @ussenate @uscongress #nowar
Start by hitting the reset button in academia.
Yeah. What's your net worth, again? mhmm... I see.

talk == cheap

money != where mouth is
FDR was a super-rich blue blood. Al Gore is rich. Look at policies, not an individual's bank account.
People are either born rich or have access to high-level tools of global financialization. Policies spring from a person's life foundation.
We can start by requesting TheFed use income-average employment figure so that there is a more accurate employment-satisfaction gauge
That, right there, is the much needed unified Democratic message. Economic Justice.  Tie it to ABSURD salary benefit packages tax loopholes.
"@SenKamalaHarris: We need to fix the gross inequality in income growth that exists in this country."
If you resigned today that would be a great start. You Dems have destroyed the economy for over 50 years
Obama did such a great job?
If we fixed this a decade ago maybe we wouldn't have such a supremely uneducated electorate.
Welcome to the party - just wondering where you have been the past 34 years?
Am making $400. / month delivering newspapers, but liberal policy(s) helped make me this impoverished.  Winters are intimidating.
But if we give the ultra-rich a tax break they will pass it down to us lil guys right?? RIGHT????
KAMALA 2020!
Scary as all get out!
Yes, thank you. Income inequality, single payer, ending mass incarceration, keep at this and you'll have my 2020 vote!
PBO was rebuilding a strong middle class to income equality. It's was PBO roadmap on closing that gap. GOP'S  it. They hate him that much!
As always, the rich get richer, the poor get poorer
That can only go on for so long
There are only so many pieces of the pie
Unregulated capitalism leads to tyranny
Update 1890 Antitrust laws
Govt printing more money (inflation) can only go on for so long
When $ in the 1% Swiss vault starts devalue thell cash in & run (depression)
You can trace this back to the Reaganomics of the 80s. The GOP has been touting trickle down ever since. But detrimental to worker income
No loyalty
Used to be a good thing if a company made (example) a million a year
Now that's not enought shareholders demand growth or layoffs
2/2 Mail also to Sunset Memorial Gardens, A (Cemetary Caretakers Office) Amt. $15, Today, TRUTH
Our problem stems from CORP PREDATORS that use lobbies to BUY our representatives. The PEOPLE are no longer represented in Congress.
And lobbyists writing laws ... Pruitt not alone here.
ALEC - The Backroom Where Laws Are Born (Savannah, GA)
I agree.  I think it has a lot to do with too much more in politics.  overturning #citizensunited is our only real hope.
"Trickle-Down" doesn't.
or poetically....

The trickle down myth
A greedy man’s pith
Born of a wordsmith
Serving the upper fifth
http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2014/06/the-pitchforks-are-coming-for-us-plutocrats-108014_full.html#.WYnjQMBlDMI …
The Pitchforks are Coming
2014 data.  Remind me, who was president in 2014?
If Trump gets his tax cuts it will continue to get worse. Jfc with you people.
We don't even know what his tax reform package will be yet. Respectfully, I believe you're repeating talking points.
Thanks Obama
You had 8 years!!!!
And EVERY time the GOP voted against there being equality. You need to educate yourself and wake up. Here's a start. #LivingWage
Don't be rude in your speech. Disagree show stats but I disagree. They had the WH, senate and house.
For two years and they were focused on healthcare. Y'all have the same and can't get any major legislation passed so pot meet kettle
That's what the "RAISE" act should instead be.  
I will close and you CAN feed me you fool
Yes, and what resources are you helping to allocate for Blacks specifically; what is your stance for blacks receiving reparations? 
#Jewish
Would love to PM you. Have some questions #KeepUpTheGoodWork
Since she is a senator she will have an email address - try writing her and see!
I honestly might just keep kicking it old school, w/writing aI've sent emails before they seem impersonalPM on here was me being lazy.
Not lazy - it's the world today. But she can't DM one person without a million demanding the same IMO!
I know that occurred to me after I posted,  but I left the question just incase a miracle might befall me or useful info was posted
https://www.harris.senate.gov/content/contact-senator …
Yes. Raise taxes on the 1%!
Yes, but RIGHT now the ONLY thing we need to FIX is getting Trump the HELL out before NONE of the OTHER issues MATTER! Trump MUST GO! NOW!!!
We need to fix this country.  Period.
How?
Government doesn't need to fix anything, the market will fix itself. Again with the Venezuela tactics.
lol. "The market will fix itself!" Among the dumbest things ever written here on twitter dot com.
Shows how much you know about American values
Says the guy who "wants isolationist policies."
I'm sorry you don't know how economies work. Good luck with all that.
I will change my bio to be more specific in that I support a more defensive military. Would you like to continue that being said?
You think I give a shit about what's on your bio? Lol.
Perhaps the most ill-informed comment of all.
really hick  break the stereotype dude & ask more from yourself. you are only letting ur self down
i do honestly pity you All you do is attack others & that's clearly a sign of deep pain Work on that
Biggest problem in our country, and the source from which all other problems flow.
