I find it so hard to understand how DJT can cut Medicaid? He promised he would not touch Medicaid. What does Cingress think people will do?
maybe work? Quit waiting for handouts!
R U kidding Kentuckian. No one in your family including U has accepted, food stamps, SSI, Medicare, Government assistance? Thank Democrats.
no one! We work for our stuff and take pride in it!

Preamble We the People of the United States, in Order to form a more perfect Union, establish Justice,... promote the general Welfare...
“Trumpcare: The Sociopath’s Guide to Healthcare” 
http://bit.ly/2tWhq47   money for the rich at the expense of American lives.
I so wish you were my Senator instead of ol' turtleman.
Hey Alanna just tell your fellow Kentuckians to vote for a Democrat. Then you'll have a senator who represents You & not special interests
I do every chance I get but still Kentucky keeps electing McConnell.  When will they ever learn?
I think Kentucky is beyond repair. Next generation maybe.
It's my honest opinion that the next generation is now! Somehow I feel that younger people get it but they just have to make time & vote.
1. The vote has to be "cleaned up". More accessible, one citizen=one vote, no gerrymandering, limits on interest groups super pacs etc.
2. In this day and age I can transfer millions with my smart phone, but trust paper ballots and obsolete hackable voting machines?
3. Voter purging, closing/changing of polling stations, electoral college not doing its duty.
Democracy?
How about we become more vigilant about standing up TO the people that are supposed to be representing and serving us.
You have my vote.
Ok, if y'all are done fawning over her.  Kamala could have shut this whole thing down by signing the bill to review the electoral voters.

No chance Democrats.  Repeal.  MAGA.  Fire Muller.   Then vote you out
-And Trump is the reason Mueller is in place & now under investigation for obstruction of justice! (Con't).
-(Con't) How can Trump MAGAZINE when he is setting the wheels in motion with obnoxious tweets?(Con't-part3)
You represent me and I want this bill voted in because ObamaCare failed me as a self-employed single mom: $995/mo premium + $6500 deductible
It's not a partisan issue, it's an American issue.  It affects the patient, but also the family who will have to look after them.  23M x 2-4
Promoting Welfare means access to food, a roof over the head, and the ability to NOT go into debt for healthcare to keep ppl alive!
@CTrappe Ha ha ha ha your bill is going down in flames New big mouth!
@RescuesValues
#releasethetaxes
It's passing and you can't do a damn thing about it. 
Does than mean you support Wealthcare?
Yes it does. You support welfare?
You are not tepresenting everyone, only the communists in Ca.
-Are you hiring, Kamala?
You need to oppose Trump in 2020! Keep up the excellent action!
@SenKamalaHarris help get money out of politics, system didn't happen in s bubble, unlike our media consumption, #medicare4all #livingwage
ROFL
Like you protected Kate Steinle? No thanks political hack
YES!!!! This is clearly an essential bipartisan movement! Well said - I love You! Not in a stalking way - I promise lol.

Yes, please.
#TheResistance wants Medicare For All and we will vote 2018-20.  We need leaders that will lead this charge. #stopprofitingfromsickpeople
Why act like your representing now, you've always served for yourself.
Thanks Kamala for being a strong voice for those of us who care about this country and its people.
Agreed
A true American. Thank you!
Consider @KarenHandel used d Scalise shooting by a mad man 2 win seat in Cong. @SenateMajLdr no condem. Scalise has excellent HCareTY. DO U?
When d so called @ChristianRight @SenateMajLdr want 2 help d rich have more  Taking taxpayer $'s from @HealthCareHumanRight  @theResistance
So glad I voted for you. Thank you!
Many of the people that are affected by this will still turn around and vote for the party that stuck a knife in their back. I don't get it.
Maybe it's that voter fraud that R's  falsely project onto D's... ya think.
Your so right this is not about party this is about the lives of our fellow Americans!  Please call you congress and demand no on this bill
You were vowing to stop it even while complaining you were not privy to the message
Sorry for being pessimistic, but are we actually going to have a say in this? It sure doesn't seem like it.
No my dear friend, this is exactly the time to be cautious and question everything. Especially MOC's! TY for paying attention. Your friend R
Maybe we're going about it the wrong way. Let them pass it and the people will deal with them in the end. Bloodshed at the ballot box!
Do it "@SenKamalaHarris: Regardless of party, we must vote down this "health care" bill and stand up for the people we represent and serve.”
KEEP IT up Senator Harris!!!
Fyi
...That Democratic platform plank that provides decent quality health care...for all Americans, as a matter of right & not a privilege. TK 
Exactly, including people of all diversabilities who are taxpayers and voters. Kudos to ADAPT from 1970s and today! shout out to @maddow
Unite Fight Vote them out 2018 & 2020. Lives depend on it, Seniors 50 to 64 could face an early grave & many others also.
years ago @GOP merely scared Americans with 'death panels'. Now they're implementing healthcare #AHCA that will kill us
If it passes we demand all of Congress to take it as well. No more paying for your insurance while we get an enema.
#CountryOverParty
@Betsy_Manning Sen Harris please PLEASE YOUR A PERSON OF CHARACTER. Please
Show what is in ach! 
Will you please run for Prez?
#WonderWoman speaks the #truth
What about working across the aisle to find R dissenters? Only way to vote it down. Hope u and other D's are trying.
Really? And what do you have to replace the failed "OBAMACOULDCARELESS"?
Yes!
Ask @SenateMajLdr how he can look at himself in the mirror. http://occupydemocrats.com/2017/06/22/mitch-mcconnell-beat-polio-child-thanks-government-healthcare/ …
No health in cruelty
Ax cut the tax cut. Get rid of wealthfare.
Votenot down honey - you're in the minority lol
We have to fix voting systems, get voting rights, get candidates to run and vote the cretins out!
Please keep fighting Senator!
The atrocities this bill would create aside. It also exemplifies top down rulership. There has been 0 public input here. Needs to be stopped
I'm glad you put that in quotes, Ms. Harris, because it's an abomination--not anything to do with "caring" for people's "health."
Thank God for you!!!!
2017 we can not talk healthcare without mentioning the elephant in the room folks in 50 states want access to #Cannabinoids in #Cannabis
This bill tells me everything I need to know about the people who put this together. These Senators are EVIL, HATEFUL, and GREEDY.
I don't expect an answer but I do take snap shots and put them on FB.  How do you save O'care.
I'll take the same healthcare that you have government employee
The GOP would never consider giving regular citizens what the GOP has.
Not just GOP, Democrats too. They all have same healthcare. I'll take that, or I can buy my own. Get government out of healthcare now.
If you read the bill it another form of Obamacare
"Healthless Care" bill.
It's not health care; it's "wealth care" for wealthy GOP donors.
Please be ready with replacement options. And thank you for your service, it matters.
Like I said Repubs need to pass on this Ocare is already imploding never lived  up to the Lies he told to sell it so just let it die
It defines a disabled child that is injured if it effects two or more body systems. Just having one leg or arm gone is not enough.
Yes, crazy!  Regressive discourse about diversability and American strength derived there from
BC Obamacare is the cats pajamas? Are u kidding me!? So, u are NOT 4 affordable low cost health care? WOW
This isn't how we treat Americans. We pay taxes that pay government officials to represent us. Just say NO.
And when trump is impeached, all E.O.s are reversed. He was elected illegitimately. Any lawyers, can we do this?
I'm not a lawyer, but I don't think we have any laws pertaining to "illegally elected presidents" and how to handle their EOs.
I think we're in unexplored territory.
Republicans represent and serve millionaires.
The only thing it does well is give tax cuts for the richest!
Kamala you are my hero !!
Absolutely my dear, thank you so much!
let's start referring to it as a GOP gift to the insurance corporations. #antiGOP #stopscrewingthemiddleclass
Talk is cheap. I know you've been asking the hard questions, but ACTIONS SPEAK LOUDER THAN WORDS! GET YOUR SENATORS TO VOTE IT DOWN.
Well Ms. Harris, we your constituents can't vote on this SINCE WE HAVE NO VOTE, YOU SENATORS, ET, AL. BETTER DO YOUR JOBS OR WE'RE SCREWED!
Go, senator, go!!
Why do some support the bill?
The GOP members that matter already said it's dead unless changes are made and tell you guys stop grandstanding your irrelevant
@ethanhethcote I moved from TX to CA when y'all moved from IN. We have some kick ass senators out here in CA. It's night and day.
Won't matter but thanks for trying
Trying
If only that were true. The Rs going to all vote for it. Only hope is a few holdouts. But pressure on them will be huge to cave
Ok, what do we do? And don't start by asking for money.
Please!
Medicare for All aka Single Payor is the Future
Healthcare should be a Right
Not Welfare 4 Big Business 
Have a Goal 
Don't just Complain
Trumpcare
#Trumpcaresucksbighairymonkeyballs
Thank you for standing up and speaking out for ALL Americans...
.@SenKamalaHarris stop calling this monstrosity "health care" bill. It's a "wealth transfer" bill, from middle class and poor to the rich.
once again SO glad you represent me 
USA has no sense of scope for wealth gap. We need to end corporate and 1% wealth-fare. Economies thrive via the middle class, not the top.
#McConnell & Co. can taste the #FatCatTaxBreaks now - they're that close...still pretending to the 35% that #TrumpCare works. #GOPcrites.
The people you represent deserve fair priced health care.  Not government funded health care.
Dems n Congress must fight this till its dead,then a fix for ACA, jobs,wages,voter discrimination,opiod crisis,must be unrelenting issues
#KamalaHarris2020
Sending you all the love from Alabama! I so wish you were my Senator!!!
Did Mcturtle go to Trumpy university
Old School Senator...incredibly refreshing to hear, thank you
I like it. Wealthcare
I haven't had Healthcare in 13 years. I'm 62. Only way I could get it is to quit my job and hold my hand out. Obamacare sucked, too.
Thank you Senator!
Could you come to South Dakota and enlighten people here. I think there's been 1 town hall in small town. I never saw a notice for it.
...this Bill from th Senate hurts all Americans but for th very rich...Dems, Repubs, Indep, alike, it's bad for America...
As the Americans you say are in dire straights what will they die ??
Or you don't care??
It you just lie??

Republican Premeditated Murder
B/c immediately % inevitably AHCA will affect all of us. If AHCA becums law ins cos will go bat sh!t crazy on rates. Repubs will B touched
Looks more like "wealth care" than health care. Just sayin'
This is all nonsense, we have a serious issue, healthcare delivery and the GOP has made a mockery of civil discourse on the topic #VoteDem
Dems need a catchy name like "Obamacare" orig. was.  Highlight tax cuts to rich- maybe Wealthcare? Dollars for Don? T will get tax cut
Not to be dramatic but a vote AGAINST this healthcare bill is a vote for the future of this country. Otherwise what's going to happen?
dems will lose even more if the hard right keeps promoting self entitlement and progressives are sidelined.
there is two path for sanity. One is through the special prosecutor and the other is 2018.
It's really a 'don't care' bill, no?
GOP serve self. Very few care about people and they will find a way to justify their vote for the bill.
#healthcare as a right 
If the GOP supported OC from the beginning OC would be working great by now
I so agree with you. Wish they would've...healthcare would be great in the US
Call it what it is Kamala. WealthCare
She said, "..stand up for the people we represent and serve.." Nobody's fooled by that anymore! OMG!
Well... Gop fall in line senator Harris. Meanwhile  dems want to fire  the  first female speaker  in us history.

We gotta  focus.
Voters fired her, regardless of her actual politicking ability her brand is poison for many independents, they won't vote for her
We all know the @gop serves only people like the Mercers and Kochs.
Instead of Buffett's and Clinton's?
It's a #Wealthcare bill. It deprives the many of care while enriching the few.
There's room to improve HC, bt Rs driven to secretly make it much worse. The real winners? Insurance Cos that can raise rates/cut benefits.
You keep making the mistake of thinking the GOP gives a damn about any1 xcept rich people. They don't!
#KamalaHarris2020
How many do you really think will do the right thing? They aren't representing their constituents they represent big business & themselves
No justice.  No Peace.
Please stamp this in permanent ink on the top of the hand on every #Republican in the senate. Wait! Branding it would be better.

You mean tax bill for the greedy rich
And then vote for you for POTUS in 2020, Senator! #convinced.
I too am convinced! Smart, bold and sassy! Just what we need
The republicans don't care. That's why it's called Don't Care.
I know it's way early, but if you keep up this kind of good work I see a 2020 presidential bid in your future
A massive Amen to that!!
We should also focus on Trump money and Russian ties.
While important, that's not going to win elections, focusing on healthcare is "the issue" for 2018 and 2020, it's good Sen. Harris gets it
Yes, I agree. Ur right.
I think there shld be town halls on if America HAS ACA and if it's dying! @SenateMajLdr is spreading deceit and fear. 
You are very beautiful
you are going to ask GOP to go against BIG donors like Starr Companies?
