Let's be real - virtually every decision this administration makes is failing Americans for generations to come. Our best hope is #Impeach45
#Imprison45
The longer we allow the fools to dismantle our progress, the worse it will get and the harder to unravel. IMPEACH when? Yesterday!
Impeach your fear of independent thinking. You repeat and agree with whatever your friends say so they don't reject you. Pitiful&cowardly.
Allowing for the misuse of terms you created:
Impeach your ignorance and complicity. Misinformation and disinformation tactics (such as yours) are as much to blame for the multiple erosions which have befallen our country and the Earth in general, as any numbskull in office.

Gonna have a lot of fixing to so when these clowns are done with their perp walks.
But its true. I would not want my slurpee machine damaged the way he seeks to destroy int'l relations, env. protection, health care, etc.
Resistance & DNC talking points will not increase your effectiveness outside of CA&NY. Try thinking about the American people not your base
I would imagine it fails some of your financial supporters as well!
And destroys our planet forever
Hurricanes and fires raging across the states. Why focus on the rural areas of W.V. and what should be a replaceable industry for jobs?
Yay!
Not only Americans. All Humans.
Scholar, wasn't it you who predicted that man's....fecundity...and lack of love for the world would be its own undoing?
I have often said such.
How can we stop them we Depend & look to our leaders Democratic leaders, leaders in congress to do what's rt 4 the people.. what can we do?!
God asked us to be good stewards of the earth.  No fossil fuels in the Bible.
Did you miss that Obama was sued by 27 states and the plan was restricted from implementation by a judge?
How can the GOP hatred be so wide spread? Don't they have a moral fiber amongst them?
EPA regulations where an attack on capitalism.  Plain and simple
No they were an attack on pollution and the damaging effects on human health and the water air and earth. Capitalism adapted quite well.
Sure. That’s why the degrowther movement uses it as a tool. EPA shakes down businesses for cash. Nobody likes dirty water and air.
You’re nuts
Cost companies 216 billion.  Costs the economy 353 billion a year. 81,000 pages of regulations and I’m nuts. Live in your liberal cocoon.
You don’t remember how dirty the air and rivers were before the EPA. LA was like Beijing today with the choking, filthy air. Rivers on fire.
Each state has their own version of the epa. There is no need for the epa.  Cities and states are responsible not the EPA.
Yeah but we're lucky the states are forming that coalition to comply with Obama era climate regulations ANYWAYS. Thank God for that.
Democrats- still trying to kill the American economy #StupiidLiberalDemocrats
@EPAScottPruitt is an utterly stupid "liddle" man.  He is sabotaging 40 years of American progress.
They are attempti g to obliterate every nit of good Obama did
Are Republicans capable of anything BUT rescission of Obama's progress? WHEN is Congress going to halt this destruction? #ImpeachTrumpNOW
Anyone with good sense would receive these warnings w/o second thoughts, there is such a thing as a political criminal
It took about 6 weeks of current time to raise by 2 order of magnitude the costs of drought relief in over 416 weeks of the1930s
The gop agenda reverse every act President Obama performed. Only problem he is a class act and you can't change that. #GopNoClue
They don’t care about our children & grandchildren’s future!!!
Will the greed-aholics ever wake up and realize what they're doing?
Part of their plot to enrich themselves off our public lands. D.C. is killing us!
Anything Obama is being reversed despite its effect on our country, its people, or our planet. As usual, tRump is short-sighted & jealous.
It’s obvious what’s-his-name only wants to undo the good Obama did for us, and care nothing about making America better for our children.
SUUUUUUUUUUEEEEEEEEEEE
Anyone still skeptical whether or not he works for the big oil or is this all clear now
There has to be a secret bank account somewhere. He is just so evil.
I don’t think it’s even secret at this point... they literally are doing whatever they want. If people do not get out and demand change...
People don’t pay attention.
In the 30s $1b spent on drought relief compares this to the costs of Harvey, Irma, Santa Rosa today, why the jump is an intelligent ? to ask
It fails us all yet the republicans stand by and allow it. Wait until 2018
"This decision fails Americans for generations to come."  Even if these regulations are vital (They're not) this assumes no future D. Pres.
Hopefully market forces will prevail. There is no need to bar buggy whip manufaturing for a good reason.
This is disgraceful Who does it profit to roll back environmental regulations? Corporate America $ over the health of our citizens
Isn't that awesome!

Great news. That's one reason we're so happy Trump is there. Of course, SCOTUS had already stayed as likely unconstitutional.
This EPA is a joke. Can’t we sue them or something for not fulfilling their objective??
Environmental terrorists 
Laws should be passed by congress, not one person -- created by executive order, deleted by same proxy.  Kinda how the system works folks.
What is happening under this administration in the E.P.A. is nothing short of criminal. It is appalling the damage being administered.
Plant more trees and shrubs. They consume Carbon Dioxide, and expel Oxygen. This would reduce Carbon Dioxide levels.
Trump admin is essentially declaring war on its own people. All hail the almighty dollar & the 1% destroying us!
We must stop this corrupt lunatic. Enemy of the planet.
I hope your making lists of shit we are going to have to redo / undo starting Nov. 2018.
This Administration is speeding backwards on all aspects of rational science based policy that protects the nation and the planet.
When will this carnage end? #DumpTrump

Stop Pruitt.
The next President MUSt reverse all of what Trump has done to ruin this country.
First day of office!
This administration if not stopped will fail America for generations to come
Why?
Hogwosh
Or till we again have a president.
We will be like China. It will take decades to repair all of the damage that Trump continues to do to our country and the whole world
It’s what he was paid by dirty energy to do..  not a surprise
#savetheEPA!
Horrifying
Greg Prius in tribute to Greg Priuitt.  From all smoke choked people all over the country.
Indeed it will! More jobs, money and less poor.
I'm so pissed how cavalier they are about my daughters future for their own gains. Greed over blood. And the future suffers.
Nonsense. It would have imposed California electricity costs on the whole USA. Just another unthinking progressive attempt to control people
Help!!
This administration fails all of us and all in the future in the name of greed. All that money won't matter without air and water.
This decision fails the world across a span of time that no one can even imagine... a weapon of mass destruction in slow motion.
all of it is population control...
tainted air, water, land - limited healthcare - fading middle-class
...to create a peasant/servant class
This guy is really effective at contributing to climate change and long term damage. Next up a big tax break to the coal companies
That's why we need you and Biden to run in 2020 and fix the broken W.H.  We need you!  Please consider!!
I just can't anymore.
Can't he be stopped ??
This EPA needs to be sued by every single state AG. This violates every American's right to not be poisoned by commercial enterprises.
I cannot believe this. What can we do??
All this means is that the top 5%  gets a cut. Dirty energy, medical industry, insurance companies, bogus reaearch committees. Nothing new!
More people will die from this than anything else in recent history, but "there will be no evidence to support this claim". Bulsh!
This plus opting out of Paris agreement is like 300,000 steps back
Why. Just why.

Now that #JonesAct waiver for #PuertoRico has expired Congress must pass my bill providing PR w/ permanent exemption https://www.mccain.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=press-releases&id=CD122385-39AE-4DD3-A8FD-B8D66FE3E31E …
Sick irresponsible for our planet!!!
What's the argument for the repeal would love to hear some numb nuts on here try
Allow me to paraphrase: Trump's war on Obama is still on.
This decision fails Humanity.
Everyday something insane happens with this White House. 
Liberals...failing Americans for decades.
Yeah, specifically our innocent kids and grandkids.
These fools think that because they own land and water rights somewhere they won't suffer from climate change.
This is Big Time Idiocy!
We will only fail if we do not participate locally. Local regulatory thresholds can exceed federal levels not vice versa...#localgov
No, it keeps the lights on and keeps Americans employed.

That's what happens when Congress's doesn't do its job.
These decisions will not exist "for generations". All of you cruel men will be replaced as will your fascist attempts to control our lives.
His entire platform consists of no more than undoing all that Obama accomplished.
Who are these guys?  The villains from old cartoons?  Where the heck are the people who are supposed to be protecting us?
Not just Americans, it has global effects.  I'm Canadian & horrified by the moves the US is taking that will affect the rest of us.
Pos
So much for the Paris accord 
So much for science
Looks like they are repaying a Republican donor back for their donation. Isn't that pay for play?
There should be a "sorrow" button instead of a heart.
Anything to make a buck!
Good for hard working Americans who were unfairly punished by Obama. President Trump righting so many wrongs.
It feels like everything is bad
This man is evil incarnate. He is single handedly going to destroy the environment.
I HAVE NEVER HATED A GOVERNMENT SO MUCH !!!!!!!
He should have never been permitted to hold that cabinet position! Blatant conflict of interest! He is not working for the people!
Excellent.
Well @RepMarthaRoby ?
This administration fails generations to come!
Congrats!
Does Eric Schneiderman know about this?
yes I believe he's suing.
It only fails Dem money scams
Most GOP in Congress do not care about people's health, the climate, helping those less fortunate. Only care bout making money for the rich!
What exactly is the EPA protecting these days?  Sure seems like their focus is on Executive Profits rather than Environmental Protection.
He did same 2 OK.Someone somewhere get the goods on Pruitt&remove him from govt.&vote 4 Dems n every every http://election.GOP =complicit
If you're going to run for president then you will need plans for reversing everything from taxes to environment 
Bloomberg says we don't need laws to do this.....
So does the NATIONAL DEBT, sanctuary cities/states due to ILLEGAL Immigration, and ALL of the HC failures.
No. The democrats need to win a majority and reverse this. People should stop the fatalistic tweets.
We don't have a climate policy now. All we have are a bunch of simple-minded assholes who wish to undo anything Obama did. SAD.
This is just stupid....smh.lets destroy the beauty of the Americas
but DON'T kneel cuz that's the real betrayal
The EPA is a joke. They make up crap daily. I work in the field. Fire them ALL!!
Let’s just bring back leaded gasoline  #PollutionIsFakeNews
You need to save us from Trump
Vindictive because they voted for Clinton and also to protect his shipping buddies from competition.
This administration fails Americans for generations to come. DO THEY HAVE GRANDCHILDREN? Because they sure as hell don't act like it.
This whole administration is a giant FAIL .Hopefully generations to come will learn about this and never allow it again
And what are you going to do about it??
Trump is destroying our country
They can undo everything President Obama did and not erase his great presidency. Still they're willing to sacrifice country and planet.
Why do they have to destroy everything? Evil false Christians!
Impeach!

Damn,now I can started using my coal powered micro wave and washing machine again !!
Maybe they know with this man in the White House, the chances that there won’t be any next generations alive is a possibility.
But on the flip side of that it won’t matter when he declares war or forces NK into a 1st strike and we all die; glad my kid can’t have kids
PRUITT RESIGN NOW - you are a loser!
Shameful & Ignorant - Just change the name to EDA - Environmental Destruction Agency - the protection is evaporating into the atmosphere
Trump’s approval ratings go down with each positive change under Obama.  Obama had approval ratings as high as 58%; Trump now 32%.
What did your expect when everyone you hire for cabinet is unqualified for the job or despises the agency they are to run. Shameful GOP
What can we do to fight this?
If we allow Trump to go to nuclear war, this will not be the only failure the United States will be responsible for “for generations to come
Seriously, this is out of control! How can these ppl who are unqualified for their Depts. & anti-American Corporate lapdogs be removed?
Your party’s revising Columbus Day is failing all Americans w Italian roots.
And the planet....bring on the storms
And sadly @realDonaldTrump and @GOP want to make sure no one has healthcare to combat upcoming illness from coal
This gov is putting in danger the future of millions of americans.... damaging our loved planet... Pachamama will take revenge of us
What exactly are they protecting, because it's not the environment or the American people who have to live in it.
How did this decision come about and how did a conscientious Congress allow it to happen!?!
Wrong again corporate nutjob. This fails humanity.
Kamala make it stop! Please! May I wake from this horrible nightmare.
oh Kamala...no hyperbole, please!
Sad
The @EPA has already failed under this abhorrent ‘administration’...
Sure, let's protect the companies, instead of our environment. AKA: let's tear down anything remotely attached to Obama.
Generations to come won't happen given world is Mad at Entropy and pecuniary is debt based system isolation on Earth Open Systems of Nature.
Its reckless endangerment of the American people!
There won’t be generations to come.
#RenewJonesActWaiver
The dirty air conspiracy.
He doesn't care because he will be dead in about 7 years!
Disgraceful. Trump has no soul!
The EPA is legally obligated to regulate emissions of carbon dioxide, how does this not violate that Supreme Court ruling?
Pruitt wants to have the public decide on how to reduce emissions
There will be lawsuits
It's repugnant to science and our planet . Please lead the effort to quickly pass a bill in Environment Cmte to fix this wrong! #DraftABill
Pen and phone or something
#FakeNews and good news!
This decision fails Americans for generations to come. http://www.usdebtclock.org/   but you guys don't talk about where all this money is coming from
This isn't the only one.  Many before that we just haven't heard a lot about.
He is right, Hazard is an appropriate place to announce this.
ESPN STILL has NOT FIRED liberal racist Jamele Hill after latest rant, but fired Curt Schilling & Rush 4 nothing, Just suspended for 2 wks.
I wonder if they have a soul but don’t they have children or grandchildren or family. Or care about her future. Or care about if we have air
It fails everyone on planet earth for generations to come.
@realDonaldTrump @EPAScottPruitt and the @EPA want your children to breathe dirty air. $$$ in the pockets today. Forget the future.
Honest question here, what can we do here and now?
@EPAScottPruitt is committing crimes against humanity. Can we sue him for that?
We knew this crap was coming the second dt45 nominated him and Congress approved
Definitely a WOLF
In what universe is this man actually the head of the ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY?
and not just Americans I fear.
You fail Americans daily - whats the difference ?
Trump is saving us from clean air
Criminal!!
Once again PROVING DT is taking DIRECT ORDERS from Putin w/ MAXIMUM DAMAGE/HUMILIATION to the U.S. as the goal. Makes NO SENSE otherwise. mo
Putin pushes, junior obeys. Then Putin and his cronies go behind closed doors and laugh and laugh at the Orange puppet.
Congress, unless you are planning to move out of the Country, STOP THIS NOW! THROW THEM ALL OUT!
little weasel in charge of EPA
The nomination/ confirmation process for cabinet posts is badly broken. They (& SCOTUS) should require 60 votes.
Something needs to be done about this monster destroying our planet for future generations. Hurricanes, wild fires need more evidence?
Yes @SenKamalaHarris, in these mins 4:36pm. TRUTH 
Asthma and other ailments will be bound to increase.  Meaning healthcare costs may rise.  If we still have any healthcare!!
Asthma from CO2?
Another piece of @BarackObama's embarrassing legacy undone
Good job @realDonaldTrump!
Greed.  The GOP does not care about future generations.  They only care about money.
Specifically, how does it do so?
Pruitt spent his career as corrupt advocate for oil companies. He is a fraud and an enemy of the planet.
RT @SenKamalaHarris: This decision fails Americans for generations to come.
