@historyeditor @HowardU @NAACP And my son is named for him, b/c he was due OTD (but was late-- as he has been ever since!).
"black"? Is THAT so important? "woman"? Why is that especially important? She behaved like an impertinent child trying to impress her peers!
Half Indian.
That is insignificant to the racists that only promote a person for their 'blackness' even if it is 50% or LESS!  #MAGA
You glorify your history, dont you? Your ancestors hid our  history and indoctrinated us in everything European. It won't happen again.
Hid WHAT history? You're an American aren't you?
My ancestors became Americans by force not choice. Do you really think I can tell our history on twitter?
ARE you an American? What ancestors are you talking about? BE specific!
.@SenKamalaHarris Mentored by Charlie Houston, the greatest unsung U.S figure other than Ella Baker.
In great unsung Americans, I say Bayard Rustin.As time pass & mem fade, adding Barbara Jordan
@DJQUICKSILVA Go Dj that's my Dj! Good morning
"......Thank,you!!!!";you were incredible yesterday .
A great, GREAT, man.
Thank you Senator Harris for remembering Justice Marshall today when we needed to be reminded of the better angels of our nature.
Did Justice Marshall get a bachelors degree at Lincoln U in PA?
He was one of the best legal strategists of the 20th century.
She is neither fat nor ugly from what I have seen! Rude, YES! Ill informed, YES! Please don't body shame she seems quite physically fit!
Gets me thinking of one of my heroes. Charles Hamilton Houston
@CelaineF Those nuns are pretty great!!!  GOD BLESS THEM!!!
INSANE COMMENT
Look what smart on crime kamala harris and CAIR - did to mark feigin. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=36a5oFSJpOM …
T.Marshall. ge did as much or more fore race relations then MLK Jr. And Kamala you are looking good girl.HMU
Awesomeness!!!
He made me & millions of little girls like me possible.
you slept your way into jobs..you did not get your jobs by your own power.. you are unamerican..
How long will McCain b allowed 2 interrupt & disrespect Kamala? That's enough of that crap! Any1 n Congress with a pair 2 say so?
Slavery has been over for 150 years. When are you going to stop beating your entitlement drum?
LOVE THIS.
Love this! Thanks for the reminder.
@LincolnUofPA alum
AMANDLA!
And Blk people have not had any rep on the court since. It was a slap in the face to Daddy Bush replaced him w/Thomas.
And another slap was from Obama, didnt nominate not one Blk. Thank's First Black President!
Respect!!!

Great reminder
 Yesss...proud to be a Bison! HU - U Know. Celebrating excellence in the African American community. The Legacy continues. Peace!
Ms. Harris you're an AWESOME Dem representative. Thank you for your service!
Thurgood Marshall was a great man. Sorry but your not even in his realm
I can say that is true even in my own life. I didn't get through it without help and yes some nuns were in there pitching in.
Like your work keep raising the bar.
Like your work keep standing tall!
Amen!
Rosa Parks, Malcom, Martin, James,, Harriet, Fannie Lou Hamer, Angela Davis, Me :) an all the rest. .....

#TheregoesAnAlphaMan
As a REPUBLICAN
Kamala, You are the RUDEST person I have EVER seen! Sessions has more integrity and knowledge in his finger than you have in ur whole body!!
My roommates brother clerked for Marshall - he was a good man
so basically June 13th is a cursed day for SESSIONS.  Way to celebrate Marshall's legacy.
Thank you for reminding us that even though we have a long way to go, we've come so very far.
If he had heard you today he would have severely lectured you on your lack of tact, among other things. YOU should be ashamed!
You would make him so proud! Thank you for honoring your oath and defending our Constitution. Sadly rare these days...
Keep fighting hard! Those MFers better start giving the respect u deserve at hearings.
Her DISrespect merits no respect!
Why not post some white history too since you're for " America "?  We're not going away. Get used to it #rockonJeff
It is NOT a two way street from her point of view.They would be "American of (specified country) descent" IF they were FOR America!no - !
Thank you for you service today Senator.  It was so eloquent and full of truth.
This answers why Sessions had difficulty being able to 'Think' .
The Honorable Thurgood Marshall was 'PRESENT '
There is a name I haven't seen or heard in YEARS! Wow! Thank you for sharing and reminding all of us where we need to return to.
Then YOU are lax in your attention to history!
gives me good goose bumps to read that
Yes!  I'm telling his story in my role in the one man Broadway show, #Thurgood, in Seattle on August 16, 2017. 
#EmeraldCityActor
You will do absolutely Thur'good' ! Ask for his guidance.
Thank you!
You channeled his strength, intellect and tenacity today in your questioning today. Keep on!
He was present, Indeed
Ms. Harris thank you for your hard right in this situation.  Don't let shut them up..
Sen Harris, can I just say I think you're brilliant! You take no shit and bow down to no one
Anen
I'm sorry bout Burrs ridiculous double standard for you today. You did a great job for us.
And you embarrass his memory
Last Grandson named Marshall in honor of (couldn't quite bring themselves to do Thurgood)
Thank you for reminding us of this historic day!
I remember well
Great job today, so proud!
Thank God you are in the Senate!!!
The glory days of SCOTUS!
He would be so proud of you!!
Harris for Prez 2020!
Thank you for your service, Senator!
I tagged you in some pictures of Sessions with Kislyak at the Mayflower.
I usually rely on @BeschlossDC for my daily dose of history. Thanks. I loved "Loving" the Supreme Court's Decision
