Agreed!  Please work with other members of Congress to ensure this "man" doesn't get confirmed!! Thank you!
He wishes.
But he apparently likes food.
Yes but you are losing every battle. Look st the kooks running our country. Doesn't even matter that we agree.
#CNNIsFakeNews
Who cares he agriculture, not heading a sociology department
All of 4-5's appointments have been appallingly unacceptable... and yet... sigh
Department of Agriculture? This guy doesn't look like he's ever eaten a vegetable in his life
Kind of like Betsy DeVos, never had anything to do with public education.
It's always opposite day in the Trump WH! But more sinister... like Stranger Things.
I am guessing this dude won't last until the vote. Seems he is all in this Russian mess.
Just looking at him makes me need a shower. Guess Trump wanted an animal to look over animals?
When I look at Donald Trump a shower is not good enough,I have to take a Valium.
I need a bucket of knock-out pills! Comatose would be good about now!
He's a pig politically physically mentally
HOw does Trump keep finding the worst possible people for these Jobs?????
Trump's ONE QUALIFICATION for nominees is loyalty -- their willingness to lie, cheat, and overturn precedent to curry favor w/ DJT.
He is repulsive
More like, Secretary of Fatriculture~
Where did trump find this one?
Is having the rights of all heterosexuals the excuse for pedophelia by members of the GOP?
Another Trump crook!
Of course he is an unacceptable choice. That should be obvious to everyone. This administration is really scraping the bottom of the barrel
Sam Clovis is not a scientist and was a 'leader' within the Birther movement. The U.S Senate must vote no on this nominee.

Wow @realDonaldTrump is right-Election rigged-NO WAY the 60 mil nutjobs r smart enuf 2 have operated voting booth or completed paper ballot. 
Everyday Trump Fake think tank comes up with daily stories to take the media attention off his Russian Collusion Investigation. GO MUELLER!!
What collusion?  Oh! I know!  Hillary!  Got a bit confused didn't your?
Higher percentage of the GOP than normal, feels like this is predictive self-projection.
His friend Tennessee would be very very upset with him!
We need legislation that secures all elected positions have job descriptions with minimum mandatory verifiable qualifications met 2b nominee
His nomination is a mockery of science and his post. Trump trolling his role.
FFS, where does this idiot-in-chief find the most abhorrent bottom-dwellers to "lead" a department they hate or know nothing about?!?
Clovis is an unacceptable nominee to be ANYTHING. Period. Deplorables need not apply. #IMPEACHNOW!
Oppose him, Kamala. Give him hell.
I like him. He has common sense which is lacking in government.
Is any candidate trump puts up logical?
You sure ? ... he seems to tick all the boxes for this administration .... White, fat and racist
@realRogueLeader - Looks a bit like he ate several experimental herds of cows and a couple of sounder of swine. Sad.
He's an unacceptable use of any of my tax dollars
@kimvie Take a look at him... He's literally the PERFECT guy to head any department that has to do with food.
He says being gay is a choice. Someone will have to ask if he made his yet.
“@SenKamalaHarris: Sam Clovis is an absolutely unacceptable nominee to be chief scientist for @USDA. http://www.cnn.com/2017/08/21/politics/kfile-sam-clovis-lgbt-comments/index.html?CNNPolitics=Tw …”
Yes he is.  I'm so disgusted with the overt homophobic, slanderous, false, and hateful rhetoric from my government.  Please stand up for us!
He has to many chins
If homosexuality is a sexual orientation then so is pedosexuality and needs to be treated as such.
But he is a swine. Maybe he can add reproductive insight about pig sex.
It's as if @POTUS actually tries to pick the most inept, unqualified people for these positions. WTF?
Thank you! Hoping @SenFeinstein feels the same way. He has zero qualifications to lead @USDA
Has he ever been on a farm?
Too bad. The Stones said it best. "You can't always get what you wa-ant..."
It's NOT FUNNY at all, but such a JOKE
Sam has too many chins to be a scientist.
This travesty of a human being had better not be nominated as he's unfit on many, many levels.  #TrumpResign #traitortrump
Good lord does he have to go thru confirmation, please say yes
He's a scientist. Yup, ok, then I'm a 5'3" supermodel.
Sorry too short.
To be fair he is an absolutely unacceptable human being
In fact, I can't imagine what could make him MORE unacceptable!
Says one who commits foodophile. #SamClovis #SevenDeadlySins #Gluttony

Scientist ? He looks like a "pan handler" laying drunk or drugged out on streets.
In Sioux City where he lives, you might find him on lower 4th Street with the hookers and drunks. 
This nomination must never go through!  Americans deserve much better!
How many people has he eaten?
Especially since he’s no more a scientist than I am. How sloppy this administration is @realDonaldTrump
Well IF you were POTUS you'd get to pick, that ain't happening
Block the appointment. It's time to stop the appointment of these FrankenTrump appointees.
HE'S NOT A SCIENTIST!!! HE IS ACTIVELY AND DIAMETRICALLY OPPOSED TO SCIENCE!!!
No D should vote for Clovis.
He's being nominated for agriculture so that he can eat up all the pigs/cows and also the crops!!
The least capable & credible scientist ever but then in #45's mind that's perfect
At least the "president" is consistent. Every one of his cabinet selections is the worst possible choice. Unless you want to destroy America
Perhaps nominated as the Lion in the Wizard of Oz.
He look like an Easter Ham.
this guy looks like a walrus...  which is an animal... which is the closest thing to a qualification he has
Dept of Ag okays GMOs, pesticides, & other stupid, dangerous policies. Doubt Clovis will be any worse.
Does trump know any NORMAL people??
I believe you. You have my support to use your constitutional power to block the nomination.
Sam Clovis is absolutely wrong to even be a human being.
He's unacceptable in any and all forms.
Ah Jaysus, thought it was satire, never thought any sane person could be such an eejit
He is a revolting human being who is stuck in the dark ages.
Sam, we know you want to use big words to show you can be a scientist, but scientists are precise. You have confused logical and ludicrous.
Where do they find these people?! Do they have a binder full nutty, backward old white dudes? Not acceptable!
He doesn't appear to know much about agriculture (vegetables).  Snarky? Yes. 
No words. 
I would add based on his appearance he does not know a single thing about nutrition or REAL food which also renders him unqualified to serve
I'm sure there must be nice things to say about Sam like: 
" He was really great as Captain Kangaroo! "
Did he a healthy meal in his life? And he "knows" about agriculture? Please. Jail DJT and all his gang.
Harris Piscopo 2020??
You have the power to block him. Use it.
an old white guy - what a surprise #sarcasm
Unqualified puts you at the top of the list and no offense Sen (cuz I do love you)  but they also seem to sail right through confirmation
Chief scientist? Clovis couldn't teach elementary science to a class of third graders.
Where exactly do you US guys dig up these creatures? What's wrong with your country? Oh... Let me say it: Lack of *education*

http://navajohozho.wordpress.com  We are in many Constitutional Crisis-es.  Case in Point, 3 correct outputs from 2016 election #TheResistance #resist 
He's going to head science? He looks like he eats scientists
We can tell Clovis doesn't pay attention to science. He obviously ignores scientifically backed nutrients info on food and eats too much.
Trump, his admin, staff and department heads all unfit!! He's destroying USA
HE'S UNACCEPTABLE PERIOD!!!  LOVE, APPRECIATE, & RESPECT U SENATOR!!  KEEP FIGHTING!! #NO2H8 #RESISTANCE #ImpeachTrump #RacistTrump
Pedophilia is a learned behavior...

He would be perfect for the "Department of Bassett Hounds," though.
Maybe he could be food tester for Mueller?
I dunno..he looks nice and scientific 
We don't even have to dig into his views to see why he's unqualified. The post is Chief Scientist. Clovis is not a scientist. Full stop.
Keep up the good fight, Ms. Harris! Your district is behind you... Because you're there for US!
Please make sure this misinformed disgusting person DOES NOT get confirmed. Pedophelia is disgusting and should NEVER be legalized!
@SenSchumer @NancyPelosi @KeithOlbermann @GeorgeTakei @SenWarren please get the word out, this person should NOT be confirmed now or ever!!
Looks like his only qualification is that he likes to eat.
Or as head of physical education at any school
Unacceptable as a human being
Lets focus on impeachment and deal with these other bigots after we remove Trump
The Sam Clovis factor: Scientist? No. Skilled in the science of influencing Trump? Yes. http://politi.co/2vUNYx5  via @politico
Why? Cause he ain't no scientist?
He's not a scientist, isn't that enough to disqualify him?
Not only that, he has No experience in Agriculture.  He isn't qualified even a little bit to hold this position...!
In the past 15 months which is documented and captured by the media top officials of the Republican Party are into same-sex relationships
Is unfounded logic about the LGBT community legalizing pedophilia this is just absurd more Republicans have been arrested for pedophilia(1)
I couldn't agree more, it is absurd that the GOP commissions unqualified and uneducated people to these High offices in the administration
The US government is being taken over by clowns. @realDonaldTrump the PT Barnum of Presidents
Block him, please! #LGBT
I wouldn't appoint him dog catcher
Of course he is. Everyone in Trump's cabinet is unqualified. They are his biggest lobbyists. It's all about the money. Bob Mueller follow it
Sam looks like he never missed a meal in his life.
Quit joking, that's kislyak.
By making nominations like this, Trump is again showing that he is unfit to serve. #ImpeachTrump
So what?  If you were a REAL birdie, your continuous referrals to minimal issues, given Obamanazism was a locust-swarming, u'd need to shhh.
You could put him in charge of Hogs.
So was he born with homophobia or was it learned!
Did he crack? is he melting? That photo is... disturbing.
He's not even a scientist. Does he have a background in academics or research. What makes him even remotely qualified?
You would know. #hypocrite #altcenter 
Kamala Harris can be destroyed in a 30 sec ad.   Fade in - @StevenMnuchin1 asks "Why didn't you prosecute me Kamala?" - Fade Out. Game Over.
So exactly why was he nominated in the first place??
I was gonna say his face is absolutely punchable but what you tweeted is way more diplomatic.
Clovis hates gay ppl because he's so appalling inside and out nobody will sleep with him #ClovisMakesmeUncomfortable
Sam Clovis is genuinely unbalanced and UNFIT.

Looks like he has eaten everything under the department's jurisdiction. He needs to follow Michele Obama's advice about food choices!
Insane we must fight for "Chief Scientists" to be REAL scientists, for Energy Secretaries to be nuclear scientists, Educ Secys to have educs
We have been accepting Pigs in office, why not a real Hog? It is close to harvest season!
Particularly since he probably hasn't seen a vegetable in years.
Under his leadership, lard will become the most subsidized agricultural product in the USA.
More gaslighting by means of political appointment. Clovis manifestly unfit for office but will play to Trump's "Obstructionist Dems" theme.
Agree, and he fucking lives in my state in Iowa.
Sam Clovis leader of bunch
Thank-you this lump (not hyperbole) has a litany of statements and actions like this he should stay on AM Radio not in Federal Govt.
It will be fine, his Boss Hogg ass will fit perfectly into this admin
Nothing matters anymore - I feel like we're living in 17th century France
I agree. His comments on LGBT was unacceptable nor does he have a background in science or agriculture.
He is symptomatic of the truly unAmerican people Trump is using to destroy American Ideals.  Trump appears to hate anything that "proves".
I bet you any amount of money if you slapped his ass the flesh ripples would show on his double chin. ...
Trump sides with a criminal nazi gang. He says WE talking about them and THEY about the other side. A Nazi Drumph?
His younger brother?

It's also a ridiculous choice. Or as I now call stupid decisions - Trump normal
Where the hell is Sam Clovis' neck?!?!?
doesn't help that he's not a scientist. 
and another climate denier. 
don't let this one get through
Why do they all look ugly and mean
Oh. You mean Ham Clovis. He ate the entire USDA.
If the projection theme holds, wait for him to be caught with underage boys.
Horrid, but what else would we expect?  He's going to fit right in!
Is that Harry Potter's uncle? We're literally nominating fictional characters to government now!
He is correct& many others are saying the same thing. Stop helping LGBT force their sexually perverted agenda on us. Most abhor it.
Damn... he didn't age well, did he?
Totally unacceptable but sounds like a Trump nominee.
Jesus
You missed "unequivocally"
Picture of Death 
Clovis is entirely unqualified. We need public hearings on Trumps incompetence in putting up these  nominees. Unfit. @realDonaldTrump
Jabba the Nut.
Just like the moron that appointed him!
Please get this guy blocked Kamala!  Can you imagine our WA agriculture being in the hands of this knucklehead!?  He's woefully unqualified!
Oh God, please NO!
Every one of Trump's cabinet picks are despicable highly ignorant or unqualified. None have been able to stop him.
Can he be blocked based solely on the fact he is not a scientist?
Next year we need to elect a Senate to stop these nominees and a House to stop bad legislation. In 2020 someone better to make nominations
Shouldn't real scientist be in this position? Just sayin. Need the smartest in positions like these like @neiltyson   #Resistance #Resist
He is disgusting
Still is
are there no @GOP ppl who are prepared to care about something anything other than tax cuts for the already wealthy
oh my god the fat man from monty pyton!
Why, because he ate all the corn?
Seriously need to get these old, backwards thinking people out of D.C. Please register to vote them out!!
That dude needs a CPAP
Yes yes yes!!!
Agreed zero credentials for that post
Agree! Our nations food supply is too critical to leave it to this guy - it's like going to a shoe cobbler for a heart surgery
Possible pork expert?? Oink.
He reminds me of Otis, the town drunk on Mayberry RFD.  But not nearly as lovable.
