So is the entire administration!
 sho you right!
the two terms "health care" and "republican" just do not mix, it's like orange juice and milk.
Or orange juice after brushing teeth
Donald Trump & president... oh, wait.
Yeah, I'm still waiting for the real president to show up. They can stop taking their time.
He is the real president. Grow up snowflake
UR an amazing person, but its not a "Republican" healthcare bill, it's an "American" healthcare bill #singlepayer #norecess
Not when it was written by a sequestered group of WHITE men.
I get it. Point taken. I concur. However, health care is not White, Black, Rich, Poor, American, or Immigrant.
True but there was no representation for any other groups in that room.
why don't you care about our future Generations debt? You don't talk about the debt Calif state is in either.Dems R destroying our future
Gotta move from "disaster" to calling it what it is: cold, unrepentant evil.
We trust you in every way Ms Harris 
GOP traitors to the American people
Yeah, we can't get our FREE STUFF
Are people allowed to read it and debate it this time?
If you put a tuxedo on a poop mannequin, it still smells like poop.
Where do I find this poop mannequin? Asking for a friend.
Ask @GOP. They've got more than they know what to do with!
They are not resolving any problems they are returning us to the problems Ocare resolved. Sick to my stomach that GOP actions sickening
Beyond a disaster
It does seem that Congress likes the ACA enough to keep the provisions for themselves. GOP are hypocrites
It is the worst of all of the healthcare legislation GOP has put forward. 

Deplorable is too kind a word for them...
Which is why you liberals lost.
hopefully bad enough to drive change in 2018 and 2020
Yeah, that has been going well for you free stuff loons!
Agreed, complete repeal is the only way to go.
Only if GOP agree to repeal their healthcare & live with this bill like the rest of us. But they will keep their plans cause GOP are cowards
Didn't Democrats exempt themselves and their staff from Obamacare?  ...the plan sold to us on LIES?
Some things can't be fixed. It wasn't broken to start with, so they should have left it alone.
So agree!
Any healthcare bill that does not provide universal healthcare with a single payer to everyone isn't going to work. No more $$ to insurers.
Just gotta repeal ACA is the solution.
It's not a healthcare bill it's #DeathByGOP
Republican Insurance Plan. #RIP
WHY, other than their abject hatred of Obama; could they just not fix the few points that didn't work?! 
McConnell Keeping Senate in DC thru August 14th to ram it through - people need to CALL THEIR #GOP SENATORS EVERY DAY demanding they OPPOSE
"Ram" it through? Like the ACA, nobody knew what was in it...that was rammed through
@Angela6702 #kamala2020 #ImpeachTrumpNow
United States is a disaster in itself.
@OliviaHusseyLA why are we still putting up w this entire disaster? Collusion, treachery, profiteering, treason...enough!
Let's remember that the ACA was a GOP bill. They just disowned it.
Something, anything, please, somehow stop this madness!
Obamacare failing. Poorly. Time to come up with a nonpartisan plan, with no added pork, that actually benefits the American people.
#dream
I don't get these people. I'm a writer. If I write a quality piece of work that could be improved, I edit it. I don't completely start over.
The ENTIRE republican part is a ...DISASTER !!
Well any GOP bill is going to F over Americans so no surprise. Party of evil.
#BCRAproblems
Craps, you forget that was the whole idea.
Didn't expect anything else but
And so is Nancy Pelosi trying to fix Debbie Wasserman Schultz image it's not going to work. And I'm a Democrat
Non-sequitur, but yeah, DWS is no longer chair for a reason. Health care bill is more important.
I get that. It will never pass. I'm looking to 2018-2020. The Democrats better get their shit together
There is a greater than zero chance it will pass. Yes, 2018 is critical. Perez and Ellison are doing their best, ppl are still super pissed
They need to get rid of Perez. He is doing a horrible job. The DNC is losing money and are in debt
Political parties' money situations naturally fluctuate wildly. In what way is he doing a bad job?
Besides that was a bullshit answer he gave the Democrats better smarten up or they're going to lose
I was genuinely curious, but whatever.
Of course it is, but ACA still leaves 21m w/out coverage. Senator, please be a real progressive and support #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll
Seems like a greater disaster.
Amen sister!!
@SenateGOP @SenateDems Stop this @SenateMajLdr Mitch MADness #ImpeachTrump So bad & so sad!  McConnell is hurting !   's ACA!  Help us
Isn't it worse?
That is being nice calling it a disaster.
@neeratanden  The real disaster is Obamacare. Repeal & Replace. DO IT NOW !
I wonder why
Keep fighting @SenKamalaHarris ...there has to be at least 3-5 GOP no votes...My Mom has a recurrence of breast cancer and this bill sucks!
The new Republican health care bill is still a genocidal mandate.
I'm still lost as to whats "new" about any of it. I still see nothing but death sentences for millions like me
So what you're trying to say is that it's better than Obama care?
Not for me it's not. Pass it.
@KewlAsACucumber yes. It is!!!!
Really makes me  angry/sad
And the bill we have now isn't any better...
Understatement
Keep working for us kamala
I think you're the disaster. Deluxe thinking you can stop funding for the border wall
Funny how the hypocritical muthafukkas have exempted themselves from the 'new' bill.
Of course it is! Has any other country ever used an only insurance based health care system successfully? I'm pretty sure none ever s
Just Call it care for republicans bill!
You're a disaster to Congress!
Is this the new new disaster or the new new new disaster?
Republicans are a disaster right now
Where is your proposal to fix Obamacare posted? Couldnt find it on your website I am sure by now you have a solution.
Here's an idea instead of just saying they're wrong (& we all know that) offer some ideas to work together & fix things #timetodosomething
NEVADA RESIDENTS: Senator Heller's Reno office staff are currently ANSWERING THE PHONE. 
775-686-5770
I think there is something in that bill that Trump promised someone. He's anxious over it. Too weird!
Keep fighting for the health of the American People #coverPreexistingConditions #essentialBenefits @nytimes @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski
2020?
As opposed to the law that is the ACA…?
Here are 95 health care stories and Real Ams to Senate Bill + menu to write your own to send to yr senators
Just like them!
Many versions of this bill but the outcome is still the same. Wealthy will get their tax cuts & millions will die or suffer. #NoTrumpCare 
It's a scam, puts money back for opioid abuse, but leans further to the right and puts people with pre-existing illnesses at greater risk
GOP won't do the rational thing, which is taking ACA & make corrections. They want to erase everything a Black President ever did! Racists!
The Swamp is overflowing...
#TheResistance #Resist #Treason
Is kamal a derivitave of camel?
Old pile with a spray of perfume.
The "new" Republican Party is also still a disaster.
When tf will democrats figure out a way to unite and counter the message?  Why u afraid to fight dirty?
What surprises me is that Republicans have a historic opportunity to be heroes to a nation, but instead opt for quick profits & gutting govt
A YUGE disaster.
Keep it short and accurate
Kamala Harris is your appeal to authority? Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ! !
All the Comrades like it though
Just like the Republicans
Vote no
I really did not have my hopes up that they would have come up with something to "protect ALL the people".. Thank you for YOUR hard work.
The only way to accept a repeal of ACA is if it's replaced with Single Payer!
The Republican Insurance Plan (RIP) is a "nothing burger"
They just needed 2 make it more hurtful 2 gain more RW support
Consider a single payer system devoid of profit motive & with risk shared by all. Already have a great name for it - Medicare.
Why don't the women in BOTH parties get together and work out a non-partisan Healthcare Bill? Leave ALL men out & work together & fix mess!!
Best idea I've heard yet.
As was the "old" one.
Worse
So is obamacare
As long as it's only republicans that are drafting it, it always will be.
all these years, and they still got bubkas, led by SadSack McCornhole
I think American citizens should have the same health insurance as our congressional representatives, for the same amount that said rep pays
The new Republican Party is a disaster
The bill is dead!  We won!
Meet the new care. It's the same as the old care.
It is OBAMACARE that is a disaster! Democrats sold us a bunch of LIES!
Republicans are a disaster.
58 countries have universal health care and we can't pick up a phone and ask them how it's done?
Please Obama care is dying by the day wait and see the facts
@SimperFi it's not even a bill anymore, it's about gutting Medicaid to appease the tea party and reward the 2percent
I dream of you & Tulsi Gabbard running for Oval Office in 2020-we love you both!
That's not only an understatement @SenKamalaHarris, it's almost complimentary! #YOUGOGIRL
It's even worse than their original disaster
It's more of the same... Declined...
And so is their "President"
Trump --> Master of Disaster
Please fight the good fight. We are behind you!
We figured this much 
On average Canadians get 20 days of life for every 19 days Americans get. That's an extra 2.6 weeks per year. Let's talk healthcare
If only they had years to get it right
the so called Insurance industry paid a to theGOP take away http://AHCA.GOP  get paid from everyone,but always against the people!
Should anyone be surprised no one wants less coverage or none at all?  If this is the best they can come up with, it's time they quit.
The GOP is still a disaster too.
'Republican' and 'health care' is now an oxymoron
Please keep fighting! Thank you for your courage!
REPEAL OBAMACARE 1st! NO SINGLE PAYER, SOCIALIZED MEDICINE, GOVERNMENT RUN HEALTH CARE PROGRAM, PRIVATIZE
We tried to sign my wife up last week, and she cant even enroll until Nov or Dec, so we bought a prescription plan to help until Nov
I hate to say But So Are You,You must tweet 20 times more than Trump... I guess you believe the more you say it the more people will believe
1 thing they could do to help the ACA is let people get it, open the enrollment dates, u can only enroll Nov & Dec, thats a choke hold
It is choice for Americans
Obama care is a disaster, so why would not the Republican nonsense be a disaster? Politicians do for their masters We The People get screwed
Again, what are you people actually doing about it?
And Obamacare isn't?
What's "new" is old.
Thank you for your efforts to stop DeathCare this bill threatens our quality of life it only supports the 1%
Yeah that's the gist of what I'm saying on TV keep us informed Kamala
you could not be more murderous and cruel, the nothing under Bush was horrible, but this surpasses that cruelty
STOP THIS HEALTH BILL NONSENSE , ON OPEN FREE HEALTH CARE FOR ALL , HALF BAKED FROM REP AND DEMS , TAKE HEALT CARE OUT OF POLITICS FULL STOP
Heard you speak last year at #CTAinstitute ! U R Awesome!! Keep standing up and standing out, be strong and lead on!!
Can we call on NATO if our own country is working on legal genocide of  its fragile/kids & elderly through its supposed healthcare bill?
Watch the new episodes of Dr WhoCares on @GOP
Big surprise....  That whole party is a disaster.
Are we at TrumpCare2.0 or is it TrumpCare3.0? Maybe 2.5, I lost count.
Support our President and block JoeyScarborovich.
potus is a disgrace.
Ur opinion is valuable and very important to me. And u r special. Block JoeyScarborovich and support Americans who love America.
Love joey. . Love America . Hate trump and his stupid followers.  Don't tag me then :)
Typical liberal. Hate filled & calls those with opposing views names-"stupid". I follow opposing views to stay in touch with ur opinions.
If the shoe fits
Wow...u have a sharp wit. I guess I'll wear it and feel special too.
I don't call people stupid for having opposing views.  Just trump supporters because they're stupid.
Pre-ACA typical day: Fight disease,fight insurance!Repeat!
Post-ACA typical day: Fight disease,loving living life!Repeat!
#HealthCareBill
Republicans are a disaster.
Crap. I thought for sure they'd dazzle us with their governance this time.
It's unfit for the majority of Americans... but the Republicans don't care about most of our fellow citizens!
At least they're consistent. Sad....
Good. That means it's DOA, which maybe means millions of Americans won't be. 
Still mean! #TrumpCare
Imagine that
For once, I agree with you.

It is every bit the disaster Obamacare is.
The "new" Republican health care bill is still a disaster.
So are the Republican party officials.  Collaborators and traitors all.  Arrest the lot.


Wow STILL A DISASTER so you admit Obamacare IS a disaster.. so ..we agree on the latter..
pretty much ...so much bad energy against all that Obama did ...way ...
@GeorgeTakei yes of course. GOP mantra: 1. Tax cuts to the rich 2. Poor can die 3. Middle class, meh
Fight it please
The GOP are looking for that narrow window of opportunity in which to screw their base before Putin takes over the country.
@BobLeahyJr it is Kamala who is the disaster. Tolerant Liberal.
So make sure Republicans never get enough votes. Lobby Murkowski/Heller/Portman. DO something just don't tweet. Anybody can do that.
Yeah but they named it "better"...so that changes everything 

I find it incredible that the GOP leadership would put forward a bill that would take millions off of healthcare that the ACA provided for.
As if Obumer care worked shut up
Long as cuts instead of funding to Medicare Medicaid are part of the legislation and a tax break for the rich it will never be health care
As a physician -- I'd like to see professional input on a future bill -- hospitals, doctors, nurses etc. #SaveACA
The "wealthcare" bill is a YUUUUGE success!
I can't afford Obamacare $8000 deductible. Let's do away all the freebies and hand out and maybe healthcare won't be such a mess
It seems no matter how many calls e mails petitions nothing works. Is all lost?
And DT thinks it's a "Beautiful New Healthcare Bill!" But after all he is a delusional whittle fella <-(baby talk)...lol
anything republican is a disaster...
Then work TOGETHER to get a good bill quit complaining get positive.
Disaster only for the sick, poor, homeless and unemployed, ditching the Obamacare is like Manna from heaven for the well-to-do
Trump followers claim they are Christians, Jesus Christ was on the side of the rich, he was on the side of the oppressed, poor and the sick
As a taxpayer&citizen instead of compliaing ,why not publically offer ur willingness 2 work with POTUS .PUT US FIRST & PUT POLITICS ASIDE.
US citzen pays. UR huge salary. We R sick & tired elected officials instead placing our interst 1st, U play politecs on our dim. Work 4 US.
As we knew it would. Nothing changed.
It will never be worthwhile. The Repugnantcons are all corrupt. I'm ashamed of them in Congress and the cabinet. America is in BIG trouble!
Let's face facts, anything the GOP does regarding Healthcare is a "Disaster." Their motives are Wrong, & nothing to do with People Care.
All they have to do is work with Democrats! The G.O.P. are just a bunch of racist they don't want to work with a Jew!
A box of shit by any other name is still a box of shit
Look in the mirror
No maaaam, you are a disaster
2/ You can not be afraid to offend these Nazis. They Count on people being civil to push their agenda. Please think about this.
1/ Disaster? I dunno Sen Harris, this talk won't get you elected to big chair. Try something like "Total GOP Horror Show, Tac Cut For Rich"
You expected anything else?
#shocker

@GeorgeTakei Wow! This is sad. 139 YouTube viewers.
Couldn't be worse than Obummer care
The Republican party is a disaster so anything they regurgitate is nothing but a pile of puke.
But is it less of a disaster than the Obama care bill? Cause if so then it's a step in the right direction.
Except for members of congress that is. 
As per usual. Lyin' Ted doesn't get why everyone has always thought he's a prick.
