Happy Birthday and please run for President in 2020.
Happy Birthday Senator Harris!
Happy birthday Senator Harris! Continued blessings and keep up the fight!
Awww you’re a libra ! That explains a lot!! Happy birthday!
Happy birthday and thank you for real leadership!
Senator Kamala Harris,  I missed your Birthday. Happy Belated Birthday to you. I am sure you had a great time celebrating your Birthday.
Enjoy!!! Kamala 2020!!!
Happy Birthday @SenKamalaHarris
Happy Birthday!
Happy belated birthday senator Harris hoping you had a great birthday
Hope someone gave you a comb and a hand mirror.
Kamala Harris has been putting herself in the limelight.  Is she scouting for political echelon or otherwise.  Your take is as good as mine.
Happy Birthday 
Happy Birthday,I see you're turning 29
No need to discuss any extra trips around the airport! #harris2020
Happy Birthday @SenKamalaHarris #2020

YOU are actually all girlie important, in this as a concept to advance, since Feinie is like a girlie Jabba, still slugging it out up there.
Happy Birthday Senator! I hope you change your ways and support America.
Happy Belated Birthday! Wishing you much happiness!
Happy Birthday!
happy birthday!!
Happy Birthday Senator Harris!
Kamalita  tu estas de cumpleaños o. Es alguien. De. La oficina  si  es  avisame  dijimos. Que todo. En. Confiansa. Love.
Glad to see you tweet about something remotely relevant to what is going on today without reverting to identity pandering. 

Happy Birthday!
Happy Birthday!
Happy Birthday fellow prosecutor and I hope future Madame President.
Happy Born Day!
Pull up to the homecoming
Happy birthday! 
happy birthday kamala!
Happy Birthday! Your present to US is hitting the ground running in your new job-you do yourself, CA &  proud! Thank you for your service!
Happy Birthday.
Happy Birthday!!!
Happy birthday Senator! Much love and happiness
A Californian can’t will the presidency. Cali doesn’t really resonate with the rest of the country.
Happy birthday senator
HaPpY BiRtHdAy Senator Harris!!
Happy birthday!
Well happy bday @KamalaHarris
Happy Birthday 
29?
Oh that right  gotta b least 36 to be a senator
Happy Birthday
@SenKamalaHarris how was it on your knees with ol Willie Brown. It looks like that blow job paid off for you politically
Celebrating a birthday on tax payers dime. Must be your way of  stating, screw #KatesLaw
Happy Birthday Kamala!  You look happily surprised
Happy Birthday.. Senator Harris many more
Happy Birthday to a terrific lady. Keep it up we adore you 
happy early birthday!
Happy Birthday!! Ladies and Gents, the next POTUS..
HAPPY BIRTHDAY SIGNORA
Happy Birthday
Happy Birthday Senator! Keep up the good work!
@Trance_Fusion Awesome! Happy Birthday Senator!
I knew u would be a fellow Libra!
Happy birthday, Sen. Harris!
Happy Birthday Senator !!
Happy Birthday! I hope you take some time off from all that hard work you endure!
Happy bday queen
Happy Birthday! May your dreams come true (but not your nightmares).
Happy Birthday Senator.
Happy Birthday Mrs. Harris!!!
Merry birth, Senator!
Happy birthday, #Harris2020
Happy Birthday , @SenKamalaHarris  ! Hope you become the future Democratic Chairman of the #ImpeachTrump  Senate select committee . 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY KAMALA...
Happy Day!!!
Happy birthday, Madam Pr-, er, Senator! That would be my birthday wish...
Happy Birthday!!
Happy Birthday!
HBD Senator! But also, what's up with that balloon?
happy bday! you rock!
Happy birthday 
my be is tomorrow also
Happy Bday ma'am
Happy birthday... Many more blessings.
Happy, Happy Birthday! You have been very inspiring to a nation of resisters.
Happy early birthday. I look forward to voting for you in 2020. 
Happy Birthday Senator!
Happy Birthday @SenKamalaHarris please consider running for President in 2020
Happy birthday Sen.Harris
Happy birthday Senator!
Happy Birthday Senator Harris!
Happy Birthday, and keep supporting #singlepayer so more Americans can see more birthdays :)
Hapy Birthday Senator
Wow so cool! You certainly deserve it all!
Happy Birthday future Madam President!!!
Happy birthday!!

I see one red ballon. I hope they didn’t hire a certain dancing clown to perform at your party today!!
happy birthday!
Happy early birthday!! Wishing you all the best and many more to come. 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! 
Happy birthday, Sen. Harris!
happy birthday!
Happy birthday!  Thanks for being a voice of sanity this year.
Happy Birthday!
Awesome! Hope you have a great birthday! Thanks for fighting the good fight! 
Happy Birthday!
Have you been questioned concerning the Awan MATTER by the FBI ?
Happy birthday!
Please run for POTUS and Happy Birthday! :-)
