Apart from the Native Americans, everybody in the USA is an immigrant.
Totally true
I think African Americans would disagree. They were Enslaved Africans.  Immigrants flee by choice on their own volition.  Not same for AAs.
How convenient that you've eliminated Irish Americans altogether. Aware that we were enslaved in far greater numbers? #History
Is this helping the situation today  Or is divide and conquer going to be a winning strategy?
That's been my entire point. Clinging to transgressions of the past does no good for anyone. Take responsibility for our own lives. Move on.
You chose to argue the poiint. Doesn't hetlp.
You've obviously not read this thread. Go ahead.
Are you aware of the distinct difference between legal & illegal immigration? Familiarize yourself. Your loyalties should lie w/ Americans.
I'm aware of it, but in point of fact the RAISE Act is about legal immigration, not curbing illegals which is where interest lies.
Do you oppose setting standards for citizenship that limit burdensome immigrants in favor of productive ones?
Not at all, depending on what those standards are. Law is never that straightforward.
Agree, laws are too wordy. Standards set forth seem to basically be education, criminal history, productive capacity, & English speaking.
hey GA we in Cali got Kamala's back. We sent her there to fight and educate y'all. Deal
You poor thing!
Bless your heart too honey Left GA 30 years ago never looked back. So sad you have to still be there 
It's so nice when people can be nice southern asses!
What makes the south great 
Democrats want immigrants to pick their fruit and mow their lawns. Republicans want Immigrants to build businesses and live American Dream
Immigrants are escaping Mien Kampf trump;s raft by crossing boarder into CDN!Montreal has had 2 open Olympic Stadium to house them!
Hearts r bleeding...Trump or truth?...you decide...Please RT
They meant to call it the "race" act but they needed to disguise it not to be so obvious.
Got your facts wrong again 

Legal immigrants 

Not ILLEGAL 

And not her turn

.
Then you think  permanent capitalist revolution belongs in America. How about constantly increasing economic inequality and demand deficit.
Ignoring laws is anarchy. If the people don't like the laws, change 'um, don't break 'um.
Who says immigrants don't belong in America? Not Trump. His wife IS an immigrant! And the US has a legal way for them to come here.
@PrincessBravato Yep,, built on slave labor from Africa & China
Then again in the early 20th Century of immigrant arrivals
ONLY LEGAL immigr.allowed in -Its US LAW. The ones U claim 2fight4 r ILLEGAL aliens& MUST B deported<=R UR LAWLESS&NWO2 KillUSAsovereignty!
Renounce money from large donors and special interest and don't play the racists card.No progressive are racist.Stand on Bernie Sanders prog
Thank you Senator!
Yup! The Pilgrims didn't have visas or legal immigration papers, did they?
I think it is pronounced "Race Act" amongst the Trumpsters.
True! Why do they fight this fact?
Legal imagrants - Ms Harris
Immigrants ARE AMERICA.
Thank you Ma'am. Please continue.
I oppose giving illegals welfare
7:00pm @ESPN @MLB Sunday Night Baseball, @Dodgers LA  vs @Mets New York
Opposing putting the American People first? 

Yes, we get it. You're a democrat.
Let me guess you're using technology or software that is probably created by an immigrant or perhaps even a SON of an immigrant  #SteveJobs
I am immigrant. @SenKamalaHarris is lying her asses. RAISE Act promotes a score-based system like Canada. It's what it should be.
Your argument might have been more solid (& factual)  if you had used any other example rather than Canada 
& don't pull the "I am (an) immigrant" card. So am I. We're the LAST people to suggest other immigrants should NOT be able to come to the US
Dai is supposedly a new immigrant to Canada and a Possible Trump Supporter. If true, what stopped him immigrating 2 the US?
Wow.. Now, isn't that 'special'....   (thanks Meaghan)
it's scary if they let him/her through.
.@POTUS and many of his supporters wouldn't pass the first test of immigration. Speaking fluent English.Immigrants are taught proper English
I absolutely agree.  Get DOWN and SCAT "RAISE."
Immigrants ARE America 
You misspelled "white evangelical rapist thieves"
Ya think ?? 
As an immigrant, I thank you. As a soon-to-be American citizen, I'm proud of you.
"to eliminate the Diversity Visa Program"  so everyone that isn't white and speak English!
We are all immigrants unless we are native americans.
Whoa how rude
I will not be told that she is the chosen one. Want another loss in 2020?
I consider it lack of depth as proof of insincerity, how can you draft new immigration laws that solve nothing and are almost empty,
Congress worry about rights of 10 year old US citizens to live with their parents? or only about asylees and europeans who get GC in 1 year?
Thank you! They might as well call the RAISE Act the RACIST Act.
lands and somewhat tried to impose white man's way of life on them.First People's are the exploited forgotten people of the Americas.
America nor have they put a cap on any immigration,even though they live deplorable conditions after the American Gov has stolen their....
The First People's of America was/is the Native American Indian,they haven't asked I believe to date for non First People's to leave....
Immigrants make our communities better. Everyday.
Only half of mine.. The Irish half. Indigenous on Mother's side.
How about the Immigration Act of 1924 revised in 1952?  Support that one Senator?
Your disgusting. Sold your soul. Of course you oppose, resist, interrupt, recant, and just plain lie. You think your smart, wannabe maybe.
This should be a winner to GOTV, but it's not.
My grandfather from Sicily in 1917 would not have been allowed in. He didn't speak English prior to landing at Ellis Island.
Many immigrants who don't speak English raise children who do & often served in our military...unlike Trumps!!!
But immigrants that build America were working 12 hrs a day, they were not receiving welfare paid by Americans worker
Immigrants are AMERICANS!
Thank you  @KamalaHarris
Is that because you want people dependent on the government?  A merit based system should allow the immigrants every advantage to succeed.
and I support your Presidential run!
The fact that the left has to negotiate from DREAM Act which is a bipartisan legislation, is a total indication of how crazy GOP has gone
Is that what the Hamptons donors told you to say? What did they say about fracking? Single payer? $15 min wage? *....crickets.....*
America apart from native Americans is full of people who are immigrants.maybe trump and co should realise that
Legal immigrants helped build this country. Americans died for this country. Illegal aliens mean ONE thing to you- votes!
You just opposeit because its your job to oppose. You have no real arguments against it.
"All people who want to come to America are immigrants". Yes, legal immigrants belong in America cause they are American
Are you arguing that merit based immigration is wrong? Or we can't have regulated immigration? This is why democrats are idiots
Skilled immigrants aren't immigrants? Jesus.
Some of those "immigrants" were slaves according to Uncle Ben Carson! Still slaves built America too - even more so!
And mind you, that was 500 YEARS OF FREE LABOR!
Immigrants are America.
The Raze Act is Bannons agenda to Raze America
Do you know the difference between a settler and an immigrant?
Ditto!!! 
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris. You make us #Californians proud! America is, and will always be a Nation of Immigrants.
My mom was an immigrant from England after WWII. We are all/have been linked to an immigrant. Unless native. We have a shared history!
I thought Republican tenets espoused God, Family and Country. Looks like they have gone against all three...

I think Trump pushes these extreme positions to expose the worst hoping you'll be prompted to act on actual legislation. Here's your chance.
Thank YOU Kamala
I'm so happy you're my senator
But do you fully support #SinglePayer ?
Some have build America.  Then we have those that spawned Trump.
This is a loser for us.
Liberal tears are like sweet nectar.
@SenKamalaHarris when I immigrated to the US I didn't speak English. Now, I have a PhD in Ed & teach American children to read & write!
And I appreciate what you have done for & added to the mosaic fabric of this country. Thank you!
Thank you!!!
So you do know that Trump's ancestors made their money by running houses of prostitution in Alaska
Trump's grandfather wouldn't have been allowed in this country he was a tax evader, draft dodger and traded in sex houses.
Unless we're Native Americans, we're all immigrants.
Legal immigrants..let's not forget that!!!!
Schiff introduced the INVEST in America Act, legislation which would provide a new option for permanent residency to immigrant entrepreneurs
Gavin Newsome for president.
No/75 to 85% from 1555 to 1865 America was built by "Black Africa Slaves" Tell the truth /then a little Chinese and others indigent Euro
Why do we use "labels".Don't you think that's part of the problem? Immigrants, black,white,red,brown,yellow?How about simply put "People"?
And the drug den New Hampshire - right?
Wrong, SLAVES built America. I support the ACT, I'm a descendent of slaves, U kamala are NOT. 
@SenKamalaHarris @RoKhanna #RaiseAct #Resist
Please Run For President 
Immigrants are fine, visa travellers and people working on visas are fine. Not hard to get a visa into places, US is online. People who dont
STOP TAKING CORPORATE MONEY
One question to ask: why do you take money from so many special interest groups who work against the interests of many Americans??
Now, do you want to support a medicate for all system. That would be nice.
i am against racist policies.  way to take bold stand how about you answer on why you did not prosecute steve mnuchin.  #mydonorswontletme
And so should anyone with a freaking soul
You Also Oppose 
#InmateEarlyRelease To Maintain CA Prison Slave Labor
Prosecuting 1000s Incidents Of Fraud Under BankCEO Mnuchin
Had his mother been sent back we would not have the big problem of this incompetent president. BTW Melania just learned English?
Could you clarify your position on transgendered people? I've seen some ugly things said about you on the issue.
This is why I support Gabbard 2020
Well Not To Be
Negative But. Republicans
In Charge This Is What Happens
Other than the indigenous people everybody in America comes from somewhere else.
after the holocaust, my grandparents came here speaking 7 languages & English was not 1 of them. They raised doctors!
Brave woman! God help you to save your great Nation. Your neighbour, Gisela
Ready to resist it on the floor
Mr.Mrs. George Clooney pushed for more refugees in Europe then ran back to America for safety. How about you consider what voters want.
Please be our 2021 President. I would say next but that might be Pence.
My grandparents and family came over in about 1903 (few at a time)and were forced to learn German before they learned English. This is 2017.
Immigrants subject to machine politics, but you're in denial if you don't realize the immigrant problem is real, & here that's Hispanic!
...welare recipients. Cloward-Piven Strategy. Everyone is onto it. I'm British, but I do not want the US to become as bad as Europe is.
You realise that the immigration that built America was predominantly merit based? The people you want flooding America will be lifelong...
We employ 100 immigrants to pick our mushrooms on our farm.  Without our pickers we wouldn't have a farm.  We even house our people to pick.
Ha. Republican idiots misspelled "Race".
#maga
I oppose you! Maxine Waters wanna be! No more immigration. This world is a dangerous place. America first now!!!
She's right. They built it they have the right to destroy it .
How many are u willing to take into your home?
DemoRats like you love your slave labor...
There's a difference in between immigrants and illegals people have seem to have forgotten that
Immigrants were unsourced by America to build infrastructures my Italian parents were called "WOP"s. WITH OUT PAPERS which were given/Ellis.
Excuse me, "in sourced".
I completely disagree with you.
No slaves built America long before immigrants came here! @BreakingBrown
Then ur idiotic. 5.5 billion ppl, growing by 8 million a year, and we take 1 million a year and you think that's going to do a single thing?
Admitting legals based not on merit or money 2 invest
Is idiocy we must arrest
What's good 4 US is the test
More skilled and unskilled less

Sorry but the Constitution says otherwise
No one is apposed to immigration as long as they come here legally, and they love Western values
I think https://twitter.com/JailTheTrumps/status/893151811447730176 … has some material that might be of interest to you, Senator, if you can spare time for a quick browse.
THREAD; I've gained a few thousand followers since this last came up, but I have some election reform material I'd like to discuss.
RAISE-IST
RAISE Act is harmful to high-skilled American workers. They want high-skilled immigrants to come so low-skilled jobs are open to 1/
Americans. But what about the Americans who'll be displaced by bringing in immigrants likely to work for less in high-skill jobs? 2/
This act is designed to help spread wealth inequality in US despite their claims otherwise. 3/
Immigrants built every country, the world started from a small amount of people, we still have a country of laws and choose who can be here
Kamala
Aware Trump removed funding from Veteran Choice Program?
Congress approves budget.
President spend not allocates.
Cinstitional Crisis
Constitutional Crisis
Impeachment article number 7.
Of course you do

@roseamund Crazy Kamala! We the People support a logical plan for bringing immigrants into our great country. #RaiseAct 
@Varidienne true
Kamala, you should be careful standing on Hillary's greasy soapbox. You might fall like she did.
You left out one small word LEGAL immigrants obeying OUR laws and not trying to stuff THEIR foreign culture down our throats built it! #MAGA
True. Very few non immigrant descendents in this country.  Mine may have come here pre revolutionary war, but they came here.
Immigrants have every right to come into this great nation.  Illegal immigrants do not!  #BuildTheWall #MAGA
This country was founded by illegal immigrants escaping religious persecution and who didn't speak the native language.
They make our country a better place!
The only people who weren't immigrants in America are the Native Americans
Lots and lots of native born American citizens pitched in too, no?
I love how fragile white females need to hijack a thread written by a poc to whine how whites were oppressed too!
Thank you (from a constituent)
We all do we need find out what is going on with trump investigation with Mueller
Thank You counselor.
CORRECTION: IMMIGRANTS ARE AMERICA http://pjunkie1.blogspot.com 

http://lcib.blogspot.com  `

http://irateviewer.blogspot.com 

http://ftoli69.blogspot.com/ 
Agreed
Senator Harris I hope you consider running for President in 2020. You have a lot of people who would vote for you.
but they did it by stepping on the American Indians, so maybe we can be more circumspect on just how good immigration is or isn't...
Your Clinton ties, WILL be exposed.
If there's one thing DEMS need, its unity and a deep bench. Also, DEMS! I love Bernie, but he's not a Dem and shouldn't be blackballing Dems
The immigrants that came here in the beginning worked hard.  There were no freebies.  We are tired of giving immigrants freebies.
Its way better than the DV Lottery and H1b that is in place. The system is similar to what is in Canada and Australia.
Didnt get gov handouts? What about the land they took from the Native Americans and Mexicans and gave it to newly arrived euro immigrants?
Immigrants want to adopt AMERICA. This new invasion wants to change it to their laws and cultures. #IMMIGRATIONvsINVASION
They are the mulch that keeps America fertile, alive, thriving and  progressive.  #Trump is taking a cowardly stance
I can understand why Native Americans would hate immigrants but for immigrants to do it is just plain hypocritical. This ain't America
Unless it means you might lose votes, then it will be ok. No principles. Calls ppl with principles "purity voters." Go for that Kamala.
I oppose it too
Can we all just do a #23andMe and realize 90% or more of us are from a different country? #weareallconnected
When I 1st heard about it; I thought they had said the *RACE Act!
Where do illegal aliens come in? US needs people willing to help America, not be parasites & turning it into another trashed out 3rd world
Donald Trump has serious mental health issues.
OMG I read this as "RACIST" act.
Such a horrid order
You mean the RAISEist Act? Let's called it what it is! English speaking white ppl only act! #resist
Harris 2020
You just want amnesty so illegals can gain citizenship & vote for you ... #HelloCaptainObvious
@SarahHuckabee made excuses for @POTUS lies. @realDonaldTrump is either very mentally ill or a serial liar! He should resign in disgrace
Americans are all immigrants; red-necks, evangelicals, white supremacists, Chump supporters, all included. 
We are all immigrants except the Native Americans. What up with this white nationalists talking about "their" land? It's belongs to the NAs.
My Grandfather was a Scot, my Grandmother Irish. I'm proud of that. I'm proud to be an American even in these times. We're immigrants all.
Mam will the raise act pass or fail or pass with great changes?
I oppose ilk like you - Commie ilk.
I agree!!

No need to freak out . It's not a "white thing" many ethnic cultures speak English & more than 1 language. Smart people do smart things.
Excellent
Shouldn't the president of the USA speak proper English too?
The immigrants who built America came here legally. They contributed, worked hard , respected the laws. It wasn't a free ride-welfare, etc.
Enslaved Africans built America.
*picked cotton
Robbed it don't you mean   off the natives
You can set yourself up for 2020 but base democrats like myself will not vote for you FYI

#ClintonSyndrome
Is she serious?
I will do my best to send them your way so you can support and take care of them.  How many bedrooms do you have? #MAGA
This is a nation of immigrants. Donald Trumps grandparents are immigrants. Thank you @SenKamalaHarris
US built with LEGAL immigration, not OPEN BORDERS. (too complex for Libtards).
Thank you.
Just call it the racist act. Economic damage in CA alone would be huge
Yes! The racist act from a fraud president, who lies, violates laws, speaks poor English, founds fraud universities, & betrays his country.
Well said and nothing but the TRUTH so HELP US GOD!!!!!!
Maniac Trump systematically dismantles #AmericasGreatness, which provides the freedom he (ab)uses. We #Resist & will not be silenced!
You spelled Racist wrong
#racistact
