We need to expand successes such as California's Cell Dog program, which has helped rehab and restore prisoners and juvies.
She sure used to like mandatory minimum.
You LITERALLY refused to let people out of CA prisons early because it was a source of free labor.
This is you literally advocating for longer prison sentences for women of color because they put in #werk
Love your writing . What are you doing in 2019 and 2020?
Most of it targets people of color & the reason they do all that bullshit is to continue The LIE OF CURSE OF HAM /

Incorrect! THEY need to be smarter, WE are still free 
Then tell women to stop doing crime
Stop...don't you know that it is Trump's fault that women commit crime!
No, No no, senator the women have to be smarter and not commit a crime.
You're telling me the environment of prison , but nothing of the criminal. Because the criminal is Xx I should feel sorry?
So the incarcerated women are they guilty of a crime?
No one is more incarcerated than black men. Will you be speaking to this?
So do the criminals or "the poor unfortunate women who got caught victimizing ". Quit doing the crime if you don't like the punishment
#DNCFraudLawsuit #DNCFraudLawsuit 
#LockThemAllUp
We don't need to be smarter. The criminals do!
Fantastic article. So many incarcerated have been HORRIFICALLY traumatized in their lives. Most people CAN NOT imagine. They want help.
Worked in that system for 26 years and you are absolutely correct!!!!!
Senator Harris, You need to be smarter about addressing the concerns of the American people who put you in office!  Repeal&ReplaceNow!
So much work to be done and so few competent Super Women to go around! We're right there with you and ready to roar!
When do u start campaigning for 2020
We need you to be President.
No, we don't, Derek.  Ms. Harris is planning on it...you know like "Obama can do it and so can I"...get used to seeing her prepping.
No bots. 
"is it not the sign of a civil society that we allow people the space and the ability and the resources to earn their way back?"
Civilized Society doesn't Enslave Humans in Cages! This is a Corrupt Society which is still in the Invasion/Slavery Stage!
We need to protect the innocent law-abiding citizens, Senator.
She thinks women prisoners are extraordinary and law-abiding white Republican men are the problem
Please explain http://www.washingtonblade.com/2015/05/05/harris-renews-effort-to-block-gender-reassignment-for-trans-inmate/ …
Don't pretend to have our backs when it's convenient for you. You're either for trans folk or not.
Perhaps accountability for gvt aid would stop the perpetuation of drug addiction & related crimes. Drug Testing!
And what about the law abiding citizens out here you politicians have forgotten because you are so corrupt?
Other inmates are trying to get word out.  Please help this young woman.  I don't know her last name.
It's reported that she has a fist sized open wound from recent surgery.  Warden at Aliceville refuses medical advice surgeon prescribed.
In Aliceville Alabama Fed Prison, a woman (Brandy) has a SEVERE medical condition (flesh eating disease) thats being NEGLECTED.
What the hell does that even mean?
Senator Harris, I appreciate your words. I learned a lot from this worthy read:
Bail reform?REALLY! not fair! MAM.it's not fair to put a dad in jail for being poor and not able to pay childsupport.Ruins his life and kids
Kamala the women who need to be in their aren't
We need to remember kindness.
https://esplerp.org/sex-workers-outraged-at-backpage-charges/ …
End the privatization of prisons
we need to take a hard look at justice ...and the wrongs that are going on in this federal court rooms. Its big.
@Essence  @MsMagazine @LWV @womensmarch @nasw @CRISPontheHill @PrisonPolicy Yup.
Or maybe they need to be smarter and stop committing crimes. 
Decoding "Smarter" in the context you are using it = "we need to easier on criminals".
She was Cali Atty Gen and did nothing that she proposes in this article
I hope you're not suggesting that women who commit crimes should not be incarcerated? some points are well taken, but not that one.
Please talk to my friend who worked as nurse in CHOWCHILLA women's prison!
Thank you
Kamala you're a "jack" of all issues and "master" of none...That Potomac fever has really got hold of you.   Who does your tweets?
And you're the genius to explain it to us. Sigh.
President Harris has a nice ring to it, don't you think?
Blame America. We already had 8 yrs of Obama
It all begins with supporting women. Full stop.
Kamal for 2020! A Criminal in Every Home!  Kamal is not only soft on crime, she loves convicts.
Understand that many are not guilty. The arrests without cause or proof is massive. Propaganda works 4prison$
Court systems promote chattel slavery. It's amazing the trust factors from the outside. Exposure is necessary.
 Seems to me if these women hadn't committed a crime in the first place they wouldn't be in jail. Just sayin'
yes we do, you and hrc seem to have been overlooked...
treat their drug problem and mental illness!  problem solved
Drugs are a "problem" only if you use them...self induced mental illness from using them is not a governmental problem.
more poetry for your struggle

Justice is not blind
and it’s rarely kind
to people defined
as falling behind
sentencing reform is possible
1st prepare young girls in impoverished areas tht thr virginity is precious/PREGNANT TEENAGERS BREED POVERTY & BROKEN 1 PARENT FAMILIES
@hughhewitt @Essence Strange that the question as to why is there a rise in female criminals is never posed.
Can I email someone in your office the work I'm doing with formerly incarcerated women?
California has become a cesspool thanks to #democrats like @SenKamalaHarris. She should keep out of that convo.
Go Kamala, go!
Then which leads to better choices that = less crime b/c crime is a choice. Not gender, race or bank account. Don't spin it Senator 2/2
Just like you were "smart" when you wrote the deceptive info for Prop 47 for the voters guide pamphlet that angered LEOs??
When the left works with right & vice versa = better economic possibilities which = more opportunity that = less poverty 1/2
Profound insights. Are there things we should be less smarter?
Hey Kamala, do you hang out with RiS? You know the HOiS that your party is blaming trump for colluding with?
LOL women are a fraction of prisoners and receive 38% less jail time then men for the same crimes. Jesus christ you people are insane.
Sexist!!
We all know the criminal justice system is sexiest! men 20x more likely to go to prison vs women. But Harris knows that.
Why are you sympathetic to criminals. They committed crimes  to a law abiding citizen. Or do you want to restore their voting rights
We need to be smarter on the entire subject of criminal reform (no disservice to women). Instead of reforming, we simply punish.
3:05pm. In the secs  now, your tweet notification; Sen. Kamala Harris  of Oakland,CA
Was doing  some ironing also a few other personal things here at home ((Apt) after sleeping  into the  afternoon. TRUTH
9:08pm CT @MLBnetwok  @MLB Sunday Game  @Twins Minnesota  2 vs @Athletics Oakland 1, TOP 3rd INNING , Watching NOW
@ManuelSillas54  We need, to.really make a difference, between real.psycho killer women,.And light charges, as small petty theft, etc.
Misti Fitzwater, of Jefferson City, MO made out alright....
CLOSE THE PRIVATE PRISONS
Why what's going on?
Folks said Obama wouldn't win. Kamala can also make the impossible possible 2020.
@bradforte1   If a male TransW in a dress and wig commits a crime let's stop it from being recorded as a "Female" crime. Men are not Women.
@womensmarch @Blklivesmatter
The more I hear from @SenKamalaHarris the more impressed by her I become.
Smart, dedicated, doesn't suffer fools lightly.
She rocks!
Lets have compassion for women in prison who've been victimized by males by keeping violent male-bodied Trans"women" out of women prisons.
Vote your #criminal party home/ prison/

 institution they are all nut cases and we

 need ppl to work 4america not complain 4america
In your own words ,
Can't do the Time ,
Don't do the Crime ,
