Well he was. So...there's that.
You mean like this "winner" BHO pardoned? Stop being a hypocrite. It doesn't look good on you.
Good, he should never have pardoned in the first place!
You dope, Sheffif Joe was railroaded for following the law , when barry sotero demanded that our law is to be ignored , & his regime ruled.
US Senator Kamala Harris & Democrats support the violent group known as #Antifa
Dumbest Tweet of the Year Award goes to @SenKamalaHarris
The rulings of activist judges have proven to be worthless and an affront to the rule of law
hypocrite , one more black slave making us africans ashamed to be black
How the hell did you pass the bar?
Another recipient of the racist EOE! Tokenism....
Do you know what a pardon is? We'll wait.
And all the dangerous FELONS Obama pardoned? Some of the ones he let go r back in prison! Sheriff Joe upheld the law!! #EndDACAnow
Bull crap!! He was following the law that your King Obama illegally told him not to follow! Pure political demogougery
Wow, what a stupid thing to say after Obama's pardons. You're running in 2020? I hope you do. #MAGA #CNN
She is another Maxine in my opinion.
Shame on your comment about Sheriff A. Presidents including past ones have pardoned many. Research or think before you tweet.
Seriously?  You don't know how presidential pardons work? Obama pardoned a convicted terrorist, a traitor & drug dealers...
What is wrong with you? That's what a pardon does, absolve crimes. Just like Manning was absolved. #duh
Exactly what crime did he commit? Enforcing the law is not a crime. Not enforcing the law is the crime and you are complicit
Contempt of court. He was ordered not to enforce that law.
Ordered not to enforce the law, let that sink in
It's almost as if the judicial branch makes decisions about the constitutionality of laws.
I feel like people aren't understanding my sarcasm. That IS the job of the judicial branch.
EXACTLY.....WHAT LAW....DID HE BREAK???? And I WANT TO SEE IT IN LEGAL FORM!!!!
So what about the guy Obama pardoned that murdered three people after he was released? Did you consider that ok?
Then you must agree, all illegals should be deported. They're criminals! Bet you don't agree, another liberal hypocrite.
That's what I want to know!
What about all the crimes Hilary and Bill committed and BO pardoned before leaving office!
Following the US IMMIGRATION laws is not commiting a crime, how many fucking crimes have the Dems. commited? DWS? Lynch, Holder, Obama, etc
you're not very bright at all. Neither are the illegals who keep voting for you. What were you in your previous life?
Convicted by an Obama appointee who violated his right to a jury trial . Sounds like white peoples can get railroaded too
Mmm how many Democrats should be in jail and aren't? For REAL crimes. Corruption, theft, murder, pedophilia. I wonder.   #SethRich
OMG did you screw a Mayor to get ahead? Was that in the biblical term or slang term?
She screwed/blued/& tattooed her way to become a Sen~now she wants to b Prez!!
Chelsey Manning?
Chelsea Manning was NOT pardoned, her sentence was commuted!! Absolutely not the same!  Served 6 years.
Were you drunk when you tweeted this?
Convicted without a trial of his peers. Just an angry judge
That doesn't bother @KamalaHarris! She ignores laws on the books and invents others.
Right? I mean, questioning ppl about their immigration status...it's not like they killed someone. Or planted evidence...
Or withheld evidence from the defense, or declared a state unencumbered by federal law, etc.
Sheriff's are a reflection of the voters. Maricopa County loved Joe for protecting them.
Can't wait till he spills the beans on @BarackObama's and @AGLynch's perfidy and collusion in his caae.
So Obama's record # of pardons were for people not convicted of a crime? 

That's like holding a primary after you've selected a candidate.
They did select a candidate before the primaries! Ask Bernie... Wasserman... CNN... HILLARY! 
Pretty sure all the people @BarackObama pardoned had committed a crime as well only dif is Sheriff Joe's crime was following the law
This was totally a political thing to shut down free speach!
Did you eat paint chips as a child?
I've got a feeling she was that ugly little girl in school trying to get everybody's attention by eating paste!
should the several thousand convicted felons pardoned by Obama have been pardoned?  Aren't double standards evil?
And girl you should go to bed 
Don't you hv to be convicted to get a pardon? He shouldn't be pardoned cause he was convicted? That's the whole point of a pardon
#MarcRich?
I am totatally ashamed that an idot can be a senator, only in California, frauds!
Sheriff Joe Arpaio was enforcing the laws that the Obama administration refused to enforce! Obama pardoned çriminals that are back in prison
Holding ILLEgal immagrants  what don't you understand about illegal
Convicted by leftist appointed judge ignoring the federal immigration laws persecuting an elected sheriff obeying the Constitution
What crime was that? Upholding the law that POS obama refused to? You are laughable.
You are a racist against White Americans and you will be dealt with at the polls.  #MAGA
Leave your office please!
Ms Harris,b/c you are an attorney does not make you smart.Lacking common sense is something we do not all have.Sorry for U.
DOH! The stupidity of that tweet is appalling! Reminds me of those blonde jokes.
He was also denied his 6th amendment rights. You do know what the 6th amendment is, don't you?
he just did is JOB! need more like him...crime sure went down then. he's an old man.leave him in peace!
Your pal Obama PARDONED people who committed worse crimes...
He was convicted of the "crime" of enforcing the law when he was told not to enforce it.
No, he was railroaded by a socialist judge! The sheriff was enforcing Arizona law as per his oath. #morals
Legally enforcing immigration is now a crime?  Do you realize how absurd your argument is?
What about Oscar Lopez Rivera?
You too have committed crimes yet you walk free and open your mouth with lies.
But it was okay for Obama to pardon terrorists and cop killers?
Too late! What do you say about #Berdahl?
Damn....really? So no pardons allowed for someone convicted of something? So you must be so mad at Obama and Bush and Clinton, huh??
Rising Star in the Democratic party. Pelosi got to breathing a sigh of relief
Sheriff Joe was enforcing immigration law. No conviction warranted. Pardon him President Trump. We need more like him.
#AnotherStupidSenator
Why do you hate Caucasians?
You and all of your liberal racist. Make me sick
Obama granted pardons to terrorist killers sex offenders drug dealers. Where were you then  you kept your big mouth shut.
Denying Joe trial by jury and holding kangaroo court to convict him of a specious 'crime' is the definition of fascism.
Silly Kamala - he was convicted of disobeying a judge's unlawful order - by another judge who denied him trial by jury.
Your buddy Obama committed a crime and YOU KNOW he was not eligible to be President as he's not a natural born Citizen!
if you aren't convicted why perdón? Check the list of real criminals pardon by obama/Clinton. Spain not a criminal
Hey, Einstein, the very purpose of a pardon is to absolve someone of a crime they comitted.  Are you really that stupud?
Double standard here Not ok to pardon Arpaio but perfectly ok to pardon a traitor like Manning. Your bias is showing.
1,927 criminals Obama put back on our streets more than last 10 or more Presidents put together! We're the hell were u then???
You pretend to understand 'crimes' but know nothing of
JUSTICE..pathetic.
.@SenKamalaHarris So was Handler whose action caused lives to be lost,you were ok with that #hypocrite #liberallogic101 #Maga
DUH. That's what pardons are for. I realize you were AG of CA so the standards weren't as high but youre a US Sen now. LEARN THE LAW.
Yes committed a crime and was convicted. As were the 2000 Obama pardoned or commuted. Not saying he deserved it but your statement is dumb.
Seems your hero Obama pardoned a few criminals during his reign.
The Summer of 2017...#TheDNCIsOverParty...@TheDemocrats
"O" Admin DOJ "WitchHunt" Against Sheriff Joe Arpaio...Lead by now DNC Chair Tom Perez, Says something about @TheDemocrats
Doesn't it???
How about paying for endorsement?
Isn't that what a pardon is? To release someone from the legal consequences of an offense or conviction?
@SenKamalaHarris, Vote her Out Folks, she's rather stupid.
What?  17 Felons were convicted bcuz they committed heinous crimes, So OBAMA shud not have pardoned? 
Stupid argument for Sen, Vote her Out!
Kind of like sanctuary cities?
Sen K Harris - as you represent Cali - you couldn't understand - a "political motivated conviction" could you??? Oh yes sanctuary Cali
And your the state attorney general??????? WOW!!!!!
How many pardons are granted to people who committed no crime? You are an embarrassment.
https://www.justice.gov/pardon/obama-pardons …
Look at all these people that committed crimes and Obama pardoned....how many of these did you bitch about?  None
How did you obtain your law degree?
When you start championing the arrest and deportation of illegals for BREAKING THE LAW, then your opinion wont be hypocritical as it is
Hey, shit for brains...define pardon...
Wrong. The real heart of matter is Liberal Activist Judges covered by politicians vs maintaining Law & Order in America. No jury trial?!?!
Using that logic, all illegals should be deported because they committed a crime when they crossed the border. Agree?
This is wrong on so many levels a reply tweet can't begin to address how moronic your statement is.God help it needs it with Sens like you
Woohoo
Selective memory for selective history. Typical swamp-ass politician. 2020 is in the bag for DT.
Another #IdiotInChief politician! #ShutUp
Except for if the President was a Democrat it would be alright with you.
So why aren't Bill, Hillary, Obama, Podesta, Wasserman convicted for the crimes they committed?
And yet you have no problem with Illegal immigrants who have ALSO committed a crime by coming into the US ILLEGALLY=CRIME
What about your crimes lady? You are DIRTY and the truth WILL COME OUT!s
Why are you protecting people that have come here ILLEGALLY it's criminal!!



https://www.justice.gov/pardon/obama-pardons … look bitch these are crimes lol.   
Pop your head out of your butt and breath! He upheld the law that Obama was trying to destroy. He did his job! Not a crime!
R U really this stupid? Better 2 keep your mouth shut & let people wonder! All pardons are convicted/doesn't mean he is guilty/doin his job!
Just like illegals are legals?
Bradley Manning was convicted because he committed a crime. He should not be pardoned.
Now do Hillary
This genius is planning on running for President?
@SenKamalaHarris, were you dropped on your head as a child?
I didn't hear you speaking up when #JamesComey read #America the laundry list of #crime against the people Kamala You're a BIG hypocrite
so did a good number of drug dealers pardoned by 44
Kamala you tweet ignorance. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_people_pardoned_by_Bill_Clinton …
Seriously, you are a lawyer? Do you even realize the inanity of your comment?
Well Kampala Harris I think Arpaio was convicted by dems for refusing to stop enforcing a law Dems didn't like. So theres that...
#FOEbama

Shut up already

https://twitter.com/TerrySechelski/status/901444620122562561 …

And Obama pardoned Bradley/Chelsea Manning who broke the law is a traitor and put soldiers' lives at risk.  Were you outraged then?
Bad decision for you to comment on this topic as you take away 62million votes..
ummm...no. He was "convicted" of contempt of court, by a judge not a jury, for enforcing the law. Do you keep true to your oath?
So what does it mean when a black president pardons a black man. Black supremacy
What about Chelsea Manning that ur boi Obama let off after that thing sold our nations secrets put Americans in life threatening situations
Is this your "Side Chick" opinion? Or your professional thief opinion?
Who else would you pardon?  Someone who didn't commit a crime?  Oh, right...maybe that's next on your antifa agenda.
What a Joke #Obama pardoned Terrorist,Drug offenders,Spies Please tell your story walking lady !!!
Bradley "Chelsea" Manning was convicted of treason and Obama commuted his sentence. Where's your outrage?
So you're suggesting only people who *haven't* committed crimes should be pardoned?  Pardoned of what?
By your logic (if there is one), can somebody be pardoned without being convicted?
My response to the idiotic tweet by Kamala....
Not a peep from you when Obama pardoned criminals and terrorists....oh the hypocrisy!
Obama Pardons Unrepentant Terrorist Oscar López Rivera
I certainly hope that you run.  It will be an easy win against such a lightweight. Better to remain silent and thought a fool than speak....
Thanks for the news flash, Kamala.  You were bad for California in ALL positions you held.  Enjoy your fifteen minutes.
Says the Leftist from California where 854 FELONS have been pardoned since 2011. #FauxOutrage
And illegal immigrants broke the law yet your for them. 2 faced. Be consistant.
And what do you have to say about these CRIMINALS that your idol, @POTUS44, pardoned for COMMITING CRIMES??

https://www.justice.gov/pardon/obama-pardons …
Should this guy of been? http://www.judicialwatch.org/blog/2016/03/crack-dealer-freed-early-under-obama-plan-murders-woman-2-kids/ …
Insanity
He was following the law, you are the one committing crimes. Enough
either that or a moron
The stupid is strong with this one
ma'am your ignorant, you said NOT 1 damn thing about obama aka #barrysoetero when he let murderers,rapist & terrorist out!
Thank You @POTUS for freeing an innocent man
Can't wait to see the results of the voter fraud in sanctuary cities and We The People lock up the illegitimate politicians of those cities!
Oh dear! Then we must go an undo the 1900+ pardons given by @POTUS44, right?? #kamalaisanidiot
And Bradley Manning was...???
He was convicted of a misdemeanor by a judge, not a jury! Questionable at the very least!
I was wondering if you thought sleeping your way to the top was a crime? You might be looking for a pardon one day.......
and your tweet on the fall bomber who killed innocent people and Obama pardoned was.......wait for it....u supported it
You don't get to make that decision
A picture is worth at least 140 characters...
So Obama's pardons should not have happened?  Please finish this California exit from the USA so you can keep your ignorance out west.
Obama pardoned 1712 Convicted. Bet you said the same thing " Then?
