You have yet to supply another method of insuring we have a safe and secure border.It is easy to say no,but a leader would have a solution.
Use the confiscated drug money from Mexico! Duh
and use it to build the wall !
She didn't charge taxpayers to build her wall, so....
Thank you!
Kamala for President
Kelly Kelly for idiocy.
You're a waste of taxpayers money. @NWGreenApple @DrCosmicCharlie @RitchieJodi @RealRoseTaylor @RamBoPirate
U hard Core Libs lost everything.Seats across US. House Senate W/H USSC Vast majority of State Leg's & Govshps'... it's over. U R irrelevant
We agree and will fight with you. Tell us what we can do to support you.
This Californian stands behind you in opposing Trump's ridiculous wall, even if it means shutting down the entire government over it.
GO BACK
Thank you Senator- no wall
Thanks
Thank you! It addresses none of the complex issues regarding immigration and illegals working in the US
Pffft! Hardly. But good luck with that. If you're a millionaire or billionaire you might get something for that belief.
LOL Ridiculous! I don't need a picture to have a viewpoint. Why do you care what I look like? We have a different opinion plain and simple.
Thank you Kamala. A waste of money that could go to funding medical care, saving the planet, feeding the hungry, infrastructure, education!
No muslims no more illegal aliens no.more stupid libitard douchocrats 
America first
build the wall
Walls work in Israel to keep out suicide bombers.
--constituent in 94132
Do U feel the same way with your own wall or fence? America voted on Nov 8 for a wall to be built #KamalaSteepLearningCurve #DemsSoreLosers
As a murder accomplice that helped an illegal alien MURDER Kate Steinle, you are the perfect Democrat.
If funding the wall is part of the budget you & other Democrats will never have my support or my money again.  #NoWall #ImpeachTrump #Resist
So you support drug cartels coming into America? The democratic Party wanted the wall until it was Trump's idea. Look it up.
wasn't MEXICO gonna pay for it??   Haha   SAD
They could. Confiscated drug money.
The democratic party was all in favor of it. Shumer, Pelosi and the rest. But now that Trump wants to do it, it's a bad idea? Really?
not just stupid, it's wrong, embarrassing,   not true American sentiment, Lady Liberty is crying
Dozens of Obongos solar Co's bankrupt cost millions $$$$ in tax dollars, DEM'S ARE THE KING OF SPENDING & WELFARE
No compromise. No acceptance. No way.
Thanks! We DON'T NEED A WALL! We need money to go to infrastructure & other important programs! Trump can pay! #NoWall #FundHealthcare #ACA
Yet he cuts funding for arts programs in schools and planned parenthood ...
Do something about this!
Donald Trump To Have Dinner With Supreme Court Justices who may rule on the travel ban http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/donald-trump-supreme-court-dinner_us_58fcfa9be4b018a9ce5c241d?ncid=fcbklnkushpmg00000013&section=politics …
And In-lieu sponsor a bill requiring sanctuary States/cities reparate citizens/family past and future injured or killed by illegal aliens?
We know... You fight anything Republicans want
We'R getting very tired of Ur "fighting" in your tweets
Compromise 2 govern & gridlock defeat
Talk 2 Steinle's pop
Open border must stop
Just like planned parenthood
Thank you!!
Thank you.Dems care about using money intelligently. Since when did we have billions to spend on a boarder wall?
Thank you!
What I want to know is, who's going to organize the volleyball games? Badminton, anyone?
Aren't you one of the corrupt California politicians that supported Gov Jerry Brown's union payback bullet train of 150 billion dollars?
Stupid is leaving your front door open to anyone who chooses to enter. Security has its price. Pay now or pay later.
And subsequently sky rocket the price with needless litigation. Way to run up the tax burden. Take an economics class ASAP please
why don't we just outlaw locks on our doors at home & work ? Oh & no locking your car too. Oh hell, let's eliminate keys!
Thank you! #NoBanNoWallNoRaids
Thank you, Senator. I concur, the border wall is a ridiculously stupid use of money.
Yeah we should continue to let criminals pour into our country like the roaches they are what a stupid ass libitard douchocrat thing to say
Kamala, CA spends $25.3B per year for illegal immigrant programs, nationally $113B. That's a stupid use of money.
Thanks
Excellent!
That fits with your position of open boarders
Another use of the wall would keeping the rising water levels out.Trump believes it's a hoax and jobs are more important than global warming
Truth
You're probably safe to do so in your state. But there are plenty of your peers who will come back to center or be voted out. Enjoy no power
Please act like a senator. Why do you not want to protect Americans? Why do you want illegals in this country? What's in it for you? Votes?
We are counting on this.The wall is literally & symbolically a horrific idea that will have many deleterious effects.#climate #peace #waste
Thank you!
Stupid in a million ways. Dems-don't give an inch on this.
It will also decimate our precious wildlife. Please do not let this go through. The existing wall has already done so much damage.
Thank you Senator Harris!!!
When did the left start worrying about stupid uses of taxpayer money
All of a sudden democrats are concerned with using money intelligently
Thank you!
Since when do progressives worry about money? As to stupid, free college education, including living expenses, is more costly and stupid.
You're from California and you're talking waste of money...oh that's good!
They're the money-wasting professionals, no question.  And always expecting the rest of the nation to bail them out.
Back this week and oh look 2 more cabinet positions waiting to be filled
#resist
Thank you
Thank you!! We need more Senators like you. I hope @SenToomey is paying attention, seeing as he won't hold town halls to see what we want!
Stupid is the word for it.  His continuous pandering to a xenophobic mentality shows just how short-sighted this so-called president is.
Good Sunday Morning, Sen. Kamala Harris of CALIFORNIA, GOD BE WITH YOU,  My Practice of the CATHOLIC FAITH; Easter Season!
I agree ; something such as a (China Wall) figuratively No! A major upgrade being for the present Wall, asto reinforcing, an BorderPatrolmen
Stupid is a good start KH! Been waiting for you to break out of your PC and bloodless tweeting. Tough language for tough times. Keep it up!
Yeah tell more of ur Doucheocrat libitsrd nonsense illihsls are criminals no more open boarders
Funny how you refused to prosecute Mnuchin after he donated to your campaign. I guess you wouldn't consider that a stupid use of money???
