That is WWJD WeAreOurBrothersKeeper 
It's what would a decent person to do. Religion can be part of that but it is not at all necessary.
Agreed. I didn't mention 'religion'. I mentioned Jesus. He hated religion. He is all about the kingdom of God (i.e. Joy&Peace) on earth
DemocRATS the original boys in the hood! That’s the party Lewis fights for !
Thank you for your leadership yet again! We need you now
A longtime fan of your decades-long courageous work and love, love, *LOVE* your #GoodTrouble hashtag!! 
Destruction-----caused by the Democrats around the world

Why were black Democrats SILENT about this

Pictures http://s1.zetaboards.com/Express_Yourself/topic/8133227/1/ …
You can say this fake shxx all you want, but unfortunately for you it doesn't change reality.  Republicans are completely morally bankrupt.
And those RedState #PublicServants need to About Face. #WeThePeople have spoken.
I join @repjohnlewis We Are #goodtrouble Surviving to #SpeakUp #TRUTH in #America #Inequality #Injustice something WRONG in the Court Of Law
KKK and Lynching is the democRATS who started it all of this so just so you know John Lewis is a proud democRAT !
Very well said :)
John have you ever had a real job?
Go away troll! John Lewis is three times the person than 95% of the population.  Most of us can only dream of the principal and in integrity
Don't forget to start a voter registration in your neighborhood. GOP purging the roles and making it harder for people to vote. #vote
Always leading. Thank you sir.
#JohnLewisRaceBaiter jive conman is what you are you can give a rats behind about the people it’s ur pocketbook that’s important right ?!
Yea I hear you all the time talk about all the Black on black crime in Chicago you are something else you could careless about your peopleAH
We have moral obligation towards a lot of things but people shut us up saying it is invasion of privacy 
Has this"Speaking Out"been for anybody but #Criminals?Let's NOT Forget there are GOOD people in Bad Conditions That NEED ATTENTION #Chiraq
Stand up and VOTE. Take back your precinct! #voterregistration
Millions of #disAbled who r largest % of poverty in #USA have mission & purpose ALL from Gd who created us ALL 
DemocRATS original boys in the hood !
Did you forget democRATS wanted segregated schools n back of the bus for blacks ? Yup that’s your party u proudly represent !
Salute to Congressman John Lewis decades of continuing outstanding leadership @NNPA_BlackPress @BlackPressUSA @NAACP Environmental Justice
Rare survivor of valley fever on CDC list https://www.gofundme.com/life-effects-cocsi-valley-fever …
That would be Puerto Rico you're Tweeting about, I take it?
I agree with you.My mission at the present time is taking care of my mother.I am fighting for the elderly, the infirm, & the suffering. @alz
Congressman Lewis, thank you for being that voice and inspiration for such a long time. You are indeed a man that lives his principles.
We are thankful for your intelligence, courage, and integrity throughout these many decades. You continue to inspire us every day. Grateful
U don't speak out when conservatives get shut down for their 1st amendment rights? Why is that any different from NFL rights??? Hmmm
Thank you for all that you do for everyone. Thank you for all the #goodtrouble of your life.
Rep Lewis, American has elected a man to the White House who has neither Mission nor Mandate nor Moral obligation, except money n himself.
You and Maxine Waters need to retire ur part of the swamp that got filthy rich n America wants to know how in fudge u made ur millions ???
Funny how Trump was not a racist till he beat your murdering candidate for president and now all of a sudden trump runs KKK
Thank you for continuing to stand up for us in Congress...don't stop thinking about tomorrow
The people spoke on Nov 8 on those "left out and left behind" ... loud and clear ... jus sayin #MAGAorGFY
So true ...thank you for leading the way for so many of us
You are nothing but a race baiter shame on you ! By the way John Lewis it’s your party the democRATS that started KKK did u forget ?
I've been standing up to communists for ten years.  Does that count?
I wish we had Dr King here he was not a violent man he wanted peace for all.To bad the black people have forgotten his speeches

But not just Removing,Keeping us Criminal minded and give out Section 8 VOUCHER and thats how Crime go into other Nieghborhood Study says
So why dont you @Repjohnlewis read all my Tweets. The City Organize Crime in Bayview Public Housing Removing of #Blacks,#Samoans, #LowIncome
Make sure you get into some good trouble today everybody. We can make a difference
Yes we that love America have a duty to call out you,Maxine Waters for being anti american,anti white,incredibly ignorant and truly racist.
So very true. Love you J. Lewis
You're correct here. It's imperative to speak out against Progressive policies that has Left, no pun intended, the Black Community behind.
Hopefully a few million Gun Humpers will think "stand your ground" applies to Hurricanes too.
#Indeed
I STAND with Congressman John Lewis. Change is not given but taken.
Right on, Rep Lewis! We know God still smiles on our country because of you.
You are a hypocrite!
How many of these "left out & left behind" have You taken in & are living in your house? Hypocrite & trouble maker!
I am so honored to have heard you speak at a graduation at Lewis& Clark..  your words resonate. Thank you for helping. Bless you
Amen.  Thank you Rep Lewis.
So true
Thank you for being one of the few who put themselves in front and in harms way to protect the very lives of the many vulnerable. We owe you
All they will do to Get their  racist, and heartless agenda done is to attach them to something that the people want
I couldn't agree more Sir
Congrats on writing a great house tweet! http://greathousetweets.measuredvoice.com/repjohnlewis/status/905458727872077825 … (Ranked 10th for Sep 6.)
Never heard it stated better! Thank you
U should stand 4 Americans & America 1st! That shouldn't hard yet Democrats can't do it!
Amen!
Interesting.
Amen.
Thanks for the reminder!
with the proviso that we give people a voice to spk for themselves.
But give them a voice.
Absolutely!
Agree
Wish Congress would fight lobbyist for taxpayers, as diligently as they fight taxpayers 4 illegals?   DACA is COCKA!  AS ILLEGAL AS THEY R!
Hypocritical of Trump & Sessions to blame DACA for job loss when Trump requests guest workers for his bussinesses
Thank you sir for your fine example!
Mr. Lewis...thank you for always Walking With the Wind!
Yes. Nonconsensual psychiatry should be banned and outlawed.
I  you, sir! And I love/live your words #goodtrouble! 
  #resist
Thank you Sir for the many years of selfless service for mankind. May Father God continue to bless you and keep you safe.
Yes!
REP Lewis the mission of the @DNC leaders is to help candidates win Elections please help @GDouglasJones win Alabama #BlueWave #DigDoug2017
We must be a resounding voice for the voiceless, feet and hands for the lame, eyes for the blind, and heart for the broken!
And now, Congressman, it's time to propose proper legislation and keep going until we have a solution.
Indeed
Thank you Mr Lewis for your leadership and standing up for what's right.
Then why is it you never support the homeless?
I will be sending a letter to the Congressional Black Caucus that will be shocking and almost unbelievable...
A poison pen letter?
God is truth and so should we be...
My Father, Rabbi Abraham Joshua Heschel, Was A Dreamer, Too http://jd.fo/r9dJ  via @jdforward
yes, yes, a thousand times yes. Thank you, sir, for reminding us of this essential obligation we have to each other.
Share the dream; work to make it real.
What can we do to make it happen????!!!!
No one is better qualified to make this statement than you. Thank you so much for all you've done, all you continue to do! I'm doing my part
I'm reading Walk with the Wind by @repjohnlewis and am inspired. We need to be participatory citizens who promote #goodtrouble
#GoodTrouble @SenKamalaHarris @SenFranken @SenFeinstein @RepSwalwell @SenJohnMcCain @SenDuckworth @Shareblue @DickDurbin @SenSchumer 
Music
You sir, are the best of the best you are inspiring every single day thank you eternally for being the best of all of us

I'm old enough to remember the last time Democrats showed their "compassion" to Dreamers 
No they don't
Thank you kind sir for all you do for us. You are a true blessing to us. Much love from Don & David.
I wish you were our President. You have a great moral compass and would be so good for our country.
Does that include people in #Appalachia ?
John Lewis, you continue to make me think and make me want to act for the good of others.  Thank you for your example and your challenge.
You're so one of a kind it blows my mind.  YOU, Congressman Lewis!!

Love you @repjohnlewis! Will send you one of my Tshirts when they are ready. You deserve it! ( and then some!)
#goodtrouble - best ever
Why all the so-called dreamers Latinos from Mexico and South America. But not from Africa, and are out populating blacks, @repjohnlewis?
Thanks.  Now introduce legislation to make DACA a law of the land and not a decree.  Why are you, of all people, waiting? Move on.
The ball is your court. Where it legally belongs Mr Lewis
Unless you're a white Christian Trump supporter
Amen and thank you sir
"If a free society cannot help the many who are poor, it cannot save the few who are rich." ~John F. Kennedy
Amen!
Amen
Hispanics r more racist towards black than whites! So as a black man as long as democrats support illegal immigrants I will vote republican
You nail it every time! 
So while you worried about non American, Black Americans can't find jobs. The jobs that we can find is being ran by Whites and Hispanics!
When African American break laws ignorance is not an excuse, But when illegal immigrants break laws our government make excuses. Not fair
As a black man I feel like you should focus more on our community instead of worrying about immigration status of people who broke laws!
Thank you Sir for your untiring leadership and commitment!
But not sucked out of a womb.
It is not the governments job to hold people up. Every living person should be accountable for their own lives and actions. #NoIncentive
No more turning away from the weak & the weary.
Just a world that we all must share #RESIST
@pinkfloyd (with lyrics)


Words of wisdom from a very wise man.
Amen
Immigration laws are the job of Congress, not EO of the president. President Trump is giving you 6 months, stop tweeting and get to work
has @realDonaldTrump worked a single day of his life?
The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.
-Edmund Burke
Great quote!
@SenKamalaHarris ur anti abortion too?!??

Am involved in several anti-bullying campaigns, the best way to stop bullying is to make sure that none of its victims EVER STAND ALONE.
Yes we do . Hope to see you in Little Rock 60th
Much respect, congressman.  Walking with the wind!
It's an honor to be a tweet away from you, someone so brave. You are a national hero. Keep on fighting the good fight. We have your back.
And International hero 

Amen!
necessary angels
Alleluya, preach it! 

Your words remain our inspiration. I may be old, but I've been here before. I'm in the streets again. I won't be quiet. #goodtrouble
Ty lord its so nice to have back up...ty bless u not perfect but not one time i lied change story ...streaming ..and real ungodly things ..
YES! Stop talking and start DOING!
The lion stepped on the dignified monkey's feet.
Monkey feet...step up and see all of the big man step on monkey ..baby im sexy beauitful monkey..jealous haters ..it ok no one can match my
Thank you Congressman. If I can be of assistance do not hesitate to contact me. I will continue the fight to the fullest.
Yes sir
Respect!
You are the conscience of our nation, sir. Thank you.
He's a race-hustling charlaran. He is to Congress what Joel Osteen is to Christianity.
Funny..here in flyover country we feel as though we've been left out and left behind for years...that's why we "spoke up" and voted Trump..
Yeah and look at what you've got. You should be completely ashamed and embarrassed. Your support for Trump betrays your totl lack of intlgnc
I'm not ashamed or embarrassed....I'm proud of Trump and happy to see, finally, someone leading and fighting on our behalf....
Words of a saint.
Empathy is your armor.
#rise
Ty god knows i would never want a nother woman ..girl..daughter ..sister ..to go through my life..not even haters jealous lil girls who need

Perfect!! Best thing I've read/seen all day.
Lets impeach trump for enriching using the WH as he intended. Let's put this Trump fire out. Mueller can still continue w/investigation.
Invoking the emoluments clause would take longer but it's a great idea.
#DefendDACA
And that is why I support Seahawk Michael Bennett and his decision to demonstrate his right to shine light on an ugly truth in this country
Absolutely.
We appreciate you @repjohnlewis
Lewis is pathetic he was beaten by a democrat governor on a bridge
What a feeble desperate comment.
Matthew 25:40, "Inasmuch as you have done it unto one of the least of these my brethren"
You mean like middle america?
No logic, nor reason. MLK said anyone that is not self critical is immature. That's Black politicians -- immature.  #Blacktwitter
Thank you, #JohnLewis, for always being the moral authority our nation needs.
Your leadership is a glimmer of hope to countless. THANK YOU. #resist
Black politicians are an embarrassment to Black America -- please go away #Blacktwitter
Stop sending Black Americans to the abyss by suggesting they support illegal immigrants, clearly, you've lost your way #Blacktwitter
Yea, like Black Americans, being smashed by illegal immigrants.  Learn the data:
It's time we stir up some #goodtrouble and let this admin know, we will not go gentle into that good night. #Resist
Each and every person has a mission, a mandate, and a moral obligation to speak up & stand up for those left out & left behind. #goodtrouble

#DefendDACA. #HumanRights We cannot go against nonrefoulement. #NoHate #Noviolence. Thanks, John Lewis.
Attach Harvey funding to the DREAM Act.
Yes please. Keep it off the border wall
Like homeless Veterans? Like poor White males in the South? Or poor Black males effected by Illegal Immigration? Like the Middle Class?
Yeah and who is most to blame for all that, Republicans hands down. Wake up you fools.
Thanks for your strength and courage and long years of service to our Country
