This sounds baseless.   May I suggest you come up with something substantial if you want to convince people who don't believe you
No it's pretty widely known, cuts taxes 4 the very wealthy while cutting healthcare for millions.
The health care bill cuts taxes?  Sounds like an empty rallying cry to me. "It is widely known" is not substantive.
Then you look at it.
I think I will rather assume the senator is saying the same thing democrates always say and allow you to enable her buying it every time. :)
8 bill taken out of medicaid and reducing taxes by 8 billion to the most wealthy, not a healthcare bill & should not be described as such.
I hear you
@jodotcom the GOP would rather give Rich people tax cuts than give poor people healthcare!
and unabashedly without moral twinge....
Paul Ryan doesn't even hide the fact that he has no soul!
No, their agenda is evil through and through....Hugs & Courage! xxx
I totally agree that the GOP agenda is heartless!
Please highlight the part of the bill thar says that, and post it where everyone can see it. All we want is PROOF
Rep. Harris:Please say you'll run for POTUS. It's time. We NEED your integrity, passion, knowledge, wisdom, intelligence, and LEADERSHIP!
Gwen-Ms.Harris=Raving,Rude Egomaniac
NOT A Leader4ALLThePeople! SHE would DestroyDemocracy
#USA x200+yrs 
Constitutional DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC
Which communist goal is this?
A reminder:  Those Democrats with the charisma and intellectual wherewithal to do so have an obligation to seek higher office.  #Harris2020
The only people losing is the American public, US. All these senators have  health insurance. They forget pendulum will swing back our way.
A decade? Alright man it's on twitter I'm going to hold you to it. I doubt it. This healthcare reform isn't popular.
The Democrats made huge inroads in difficult districts.  The @GOP has defined our message: - Single-payer, - No drug war, - Human rights.
The Dems, Sanctuary Cities yes, no to #NoSanctuaryForCriminalsAct , no #KatesLaw. Yes to open borders, even when people get killed.
Good. "Rich" people earn their money & should have right to keep it. You don't like it? Get a job & support yourself
are they the wealth poor
What is your solution to fix failing Obamacare Senator Harris?
Beyond dispicable. No words harsh enough.
Sigh... #sotiredofgreed
Ok but if we tax not cut what are we funding?
you keep saying that but won't elaborate-- i have to assume this is a misrepresentation. #fullrepeal #maga
Oh BS! Your nose is growing pinnochio
@SenKamalaHarris why won't you respond to my tweets. It's regarding @KeepYourHomeCA and time is running out. Will be homeless soon.
Where is the Democrats new bill with rationale changes to ACA?
Quite a few of these today. Try "you're" next time.
Well put! Can you get the rest of the democrats to say "400 wealthiest households" rather than "the wealthy"--which means nothing.......
... Some Trump voter think wealthy means 100-200,000 a year & they are getting tax cuts from this Rep health bill- I'm not kidding....
Dems should say BILLIONAIRES ( like Bernie) or "400 WEALTHIEST HOUSEHOLDS", simply saying "the wealthy" is counterproductive
Let's just go with SINGLEPAYER and call it even 
you should also tell the public about the health care program that Congress has, for life...
Liberal lies. It's why you keep losing elections. America is smarter than you are.
Lol
Already knew .....
@jo_revelette These are the beneficiaries.
@jo_revelette
A Reminder- Republicans and Democrats are Americans first. Can we please focus on getting a good healthcare plan for all Americans?
It damn ridiculous the lies they tell..sore ass losers..still
I tweeted that back to The Ooze today.
Works out to about 55,000 Americans losing their health coverage per each ultra high earner tax cut.
23M Americans won't "lose" their healthcare. 23M Americans will have their healthcare TAKEN AWAY BY @GOP & @realDonaldTrump 
#Resist
Perhaps a Photo-Op/ list of names of the 400 wealthiest so everyday Americans can see where our $ is going? That will make us feel better 
Wealthiest people in America are Dems. Democrats are rich people telling poor people that other rich people are the reason they are poor.
Exactly what I would expect from the #GOPCongress
How about this.They get their tax break if we get our Medicare For All? They also lose all their Gov handouts. Corps have to pay fair share
And, in part, intended to divert funds to re-election campaigns for 2028/2020.
Well what kind of health care people on the hill got if it's a good share it with the American people an stop being greedy WHAT'S IN YR PLAN
It's health care for their bank accounts and if passed those accounts will be healthy indeed while millions of Americans suffer and die.
Sen. Harris, shouldn't u be busy doing what AIPAC tells you to do?
And the tax cut for the wealthiest comes from the backs of lower income people who need safety nets and benefits.
Kamala 2020
Maybe the Russians will offer to help out with these problems next. I'm sure we will hear more from them now. Depends on Putins plans for us
Reminder... Obamacare was tax increase wrapped in a $$ redistribution scheme in a failed insurance regulation that gave DEM cronys subsidies
Appalling, harming 20+ million to benefit less than 800 individuals?  We cannot let them get away with this!
Respectively congresswomen where are u in the fight for SB562 Where do you stand? Ask Rendon to free the bill!-r u a progressive or not?
And how many of those are democrats?
How do you feel about single payer Senator? I do know the CA Democrats hate it.
a SUBSTATIAL! tax cut. Do the math on it. At least 250 billion. That's a lot  of healthcare for needy Americans.

Yes! Quite a disguise!

400. Just hearing the number makes it that much more painful.
This lying woman spews some nonsense doesn't she?  Her sheep know no better. 
And no one will "lose" their healthcare unless they choose to let it go. But they will have to pay for it. Imagine that.
And she says this as a person with free healthcare. And as a 1%er. She playing you fools. 
Make it better.......
Really hard at a very visceral level to understand the magnitude of greed and selfishness these people possess.
Obamacare is a tax on the middle class to pay for healthcare for millions of low income people. Now those taxpayers can't afford coverage.
You gotta thing for Barry don't you?
Trickle-down economics = Neo-Feudalism
And a death sentence for many households in America.
.@SenKamalaHarris Hypocrite like #DCBubble UThinkWe'reStupid A reminder! Udidn't prosecute StevenMnuchin’s Bank 4 foreclosure violations #CA
and how do address Repeal Now think of something and Replace by shoving it down your throat in two years later LOL
Guess you are now spreading this old stale Democratic propaganda too!
#Kennedy_Harris2020 #DraftJoe2020
the Regressive Wealth Transfer  bill
GOP at it again with their Pon-zee scheme
Keep fighting the good fight! We need you!
The other side of that coin: the rich are currently subsidizing the poor's healthcare. They should be commended, NOT demonized?!?!?
But Obama care has alleged victims who suffered because they were able to see a doctor and get the health care they needed.
A $1 TRILLION TAX CUT
And the Koch Bros have told GOP that piggybank is closed until they get healthcare and tax cuts passed.
And in your gov't role YOU have done exactly what to change that list of 400, The people await ur response.
That's normal stuff for Republicans.  They lost their base and had to get poor, stupid and Russians to win.
Can u be more specific? Why would the 400 wealthiest American households care about health care? Golden MRI reports?
#BlueDogDemocrats let #Trump win by screwing the man who could have won @SenSanders
You know I'm new to politics but I don't understand is why can't they just leave the $800 billion in there and use it to treat people with
@TheDemocrats need a PR team. It is an $800B tax cut for rich.  $800B taken from the most vulnerable.
Explain to @GOPChairwoman who began @MeetThePress interview semi-reasonable then veered into R's misconception & talk pts!! cc @TomPerez
The wealthiest 400 need a tax increase, not a tax cut.
Not just the top 400.
Yes, of course. As a nation we need to address not just taxes but also tax breaks and artifices, which unfairly favor the wealthy.
It's time our wealthiest citizens began to pay their fair share.They are the biggest beneficiaries of our system, so it's fair they pay more
We need single payer....fuck everything else
We know & well remember. Please stay strong, 65% are right behind you!
DNC needs to promote giant rallies against Trump to show him visually that most people are not supporting him
I call their "health care" bill what it is: #WealthCare
Thus, call it WealthCare
We have to stand up to the bullies in Washington D.C. What can our next move be? Any idea when investigations start paying off? 
DUMP TRUMP
Love your intensely on the subject but you might want to tone it down...seems every tweet from you is about healthcare....
#GOPisDeadToMe
And all 400 are drooling
Harris is a greedy, selfish women.  Lies about the wealth who are paying for 80% of health care now. She is a stupid liar.
It's to clean up the devastating bill that democrats shoved down Americas throat!  Just repeal!
And Obamas disaster was a YUGE redistribution of wealth stop ginning up the people with untruths and misrepresentations
@AHeathensDay "400"? What in the heck is happening to GOP that used to be? You know, one that represented SMALL business?
Our govt is prioritizing the pockets of 400 wealthy people over the health and lives of many millions of others. By the rich for the rich.
How is the obamacare bill working out for us?  You did nothing to fix it & now ppl are losing healthcare, can't afford it, fined for not hav
#wealthcare.
In politics: if you are explaining, you are  losing. Don't say AHCA is bad. Say R's are pushing the TrumpKILLHealth CUT bill.
Flying cars are really hard to make: need wacky rich investors. Don't hold back the future.
*$33 billion tax cut
...and for the low low price of the Health Care for 22-32 Million Americans. 
That should make all your Democratic political Donation givers extremely happy!!  Like you really care. S.F. hates the poor
Given the comments, perhaps the Democratically passed ACA should be allowed to collapse.
Please do whatever you can to stop this, then fix healthcare. Can you stop joint cyber commission with Russia?  Frightening
As member of the 2% & I do not need tax breaks. Suggest thinking hard about why your health care/Medicaid should be cut to give more to rich
Written by the PHARMA lobby who gouges Americans while lining the pockets of the senate committee responsible for health care
The first thing that needs to happen is to get rid if that tax cut for the billionaires. In fact, we need a tax increase on them. Fair share
DISGUSTING.!!!
Yes!  It distressed me that the Republican plan is incessantly referred to as a 'health care ' plan...when it's tac cut.
& here we go again with their attempt to revive it soon. #No to GOP healthcare bill. #Resist & #Persist #persistandprevail
But with all that extra money, they will certainly create jobs and donate to charity rather than hoard it or buy a new boat. #maga #resist
That's what they did after all with the Bush tax cuts, right?
It's a shame the dumb red neck white trash Republican voters are too stupid to comprehend these facts! They think they will benefit, LOL!
It's interesting that the GOP does not deny this however it is even more amazing that they don't have to to convince their base otherwise.
How do Trumpers think this is good? Is this conditioned hatred of Dems so deep that they would cheer humans deaths for it? Jesus wept.
It's a disgrace.

PSA: I mean, watch this and ask yourself if you'd really buy healthcare from this man... 
Keep fighting this weak bill

What I don't get is why someone with hundreds of millions of dollars even needs it???? Oh right, like tRump they'll lose it and need more.
Keep fighting for us, @SenKamalaHarris!
Hi, Ms. Harris. We REALLY APPRECIATE what UR doing. My theory? IF R's push this "red herring" THRU, DT will VETO, then becomes HERO 2 base.
Never underestimate the DEVIOUS CAPACITY of these ppl. Witness the CONSTANT TRASHING of HRC X 30 yrs. RU ready 4 that? RU sure? #ThinkAbtIt
@VoluntaryRecall  there's more wealthy Democrats now then Republicans you nieve people fear mongers. Be honest for once
It's an honor Senator. Are you perhaps of inflated intelligence. because you sound really smart. You said you are and I for one believe.
What do we need to do to get #MedicareForAll ? Why are you and your fellow politicians not aggressively supporting it ?
Thanks, can you please site corroborating reports and informative links to support this?
Thank you Senator for keeping us on track
A reminder. It is also putting money into the pockets of insurance companies, pharmaceutical companies and their investors. More than 400.
400 vs 20+ million, tough choice to understand . How do you sleep at night doing this?
Nonsense!  Another misrepresentation as Dems still have no solutions to offer.
Citizen's United has unleashed the rich and powerful of the world to control our country. We have to muster every vote to combat this.
Your why Trump reelection will be a landslide.
So they get to keep more of the money they earned?
I'm ready to shut down all these old white men until we figure out what the hell is going on.
More socialist lies  Kamala, wake up liberals you have socialist posing as liberals to push a socialist agenda they are infiltrators
Seriously sickening! All of them!
Just 400, the fact that it's only in the 100s and not even 1,000s & is harming millions is shattering. Not much of a payoff for so much evil
Impressive.
@LyndaWoolard exactly, EXACTLY!
Of course the rich always benefit the most from a tax cut because they PAY the most...but u fail to point out that 30M middle class get cuts
If getting a piddling tax cut is more important than elderly parent in nursing homes, the disabled and children, pray.
What facts do you have that the above will not be cared for ? Medicaid is not being eliminated..just slower growth..can't keep adding to it
It's not slower growth. Medicaid isn't a spending amount, it's a set of benefits for an eligible population. Covering less people is a cut
They are NOT going to cover less people necessarily..Medicaid grows every year, and it will grow slower under the plan
The CBO projects millions fewer covered
CBO was way wrong on Obamacare projections
They said 89% of Americans would have health insurance. It's 89.7%
That's the pay back for all that election money they spent!
How did you arrive at the number 400?
literally 500+ ppl will DIE an early death for each of these 400 richest Americans to get a TaxCut. GOP no longer prolife.
464 billionaires and countless millionaires!

#RepublicansMAGAmesick
A reminder - any of these bills are health INSURANCE not health CARE. How were you even elected?
Also, a tax cut would be great for my family. We aren't the "wealthiest 400 households". We're middle class.
Yup
How did office fires accomplish this on 9/11?
and it's retroactive
We do not need to be reminded.  We need this bill defeated.
Paybacks to the ultra wealthy
400 rich families or 32 million people in need of affordable care. Why on Earth is this hard for the GOP?
Retweet the shit out of this so all can see who @SenateGOP work for.
This is abuse by Columbus PD @ Rob Portman's office. Inconceivable why an American was thrown face first & ignored?!
https://twitter.com/DeadPundits/status/883738907359268864 …
A reminder - Health care is not a right. Elected officials should come up with policies to make it more affordable, not force others to pay.
That's all it was even intended to be. for them.
Is this some sort of payback 4 big donations?
Now what if ppl can't afford health insurance become disabled from their illness & can't pay taxes if they can't  work?
If 130+m ppl claim highest possible deductions at employment 2 recieve more $ ea wk all year? Wld it help 2 pay ACHA increases monthly
Here in trumps PAC they brag about the TRILLION DOLLAR TAX CUT
Thank you, I don't understand why this is not clear to everyone by now.
Serious question, how does the bill lower their taxes?
Yes it's a tax break for the rich vote out GOP 2018,2020
U r right my sistah
No healthcare is provided by the GOP bill.  Healthcare is taken away as Medicaid is gutted to give tax cut to rich.
#wealthcare for the rich and greedy
Half of these person write Shit off they taxes. What else break do they need?
MJ said it best  they don't really care about "Us"
$700Bil taken from #Medicaid was mostly to go to the top 1/10th of 1%
@MsKamala2020
Twenty-three MILLION people lose health insurance and she doesn't care because she does not know any of them…
How can we pierce the twisted logic with truth?
Can we clone you for Texas??
#Harris2020 
A reminder - Obamacare "health care" bill was really a tax increase on households in America.
The word health isn't mentioned until page 5, the word women isn't mentioned at all.
Should be called Repug;s Holocaust Healthcare Plan!Tax breaks 4 rich!Let poor &Sick &Elderly die off!Kick backs 4 Repug;s Campaign Funds!
Great, what is your point! Give back all your money!
It's legislated physical and psychological abuse. One must really what kind of monsters these people are in private.
#TheResistanceIsStrong #TrumpCareKills #NoWealthTransferBill #NoDeathSquadSenateBill #NoGOPDeathPanel #IfYouVoteYesWeVoteYouOut
aka Wealthcare
2020?
Harris 2020
Thank you for the reminder Madam Senator (non sarcastic tone), unfortunately Trump supporters need a reality check from alternative facts.
And apparently money maker for those who purchased stock n insurance companies. Isn't something illegal going on. Please vote NO
PERIOD. It is not a healthcare bill at all!
