Can't people just abstain?
Can't people stop trying to control what other people do in the bedroom?
Why is it unreasonable to expect one to pay for their own birth control if they choose to use it?
Why is it unreasonable to expect an insurance company to pay for ALL of the medicines I take, not just the religiously correct ones?
It’s not about religion.  It’s about insurance covering a need vs. a desire.  Is birth control a need?  Honest question.
For some women it is a medical needs. It's not just for birth control but cysts, etc
Yeah, in those cases, it makes sense for insurance to cover it.
How insulting to women that you think men like Trump must take care of them and pay for birth control. I believe women can pay themselves
Birth control benefits men and women equally. Why should men not be required to share the cost?
They can if they want. Buy a condom.
If you are in a group insurance program your prostate exam is covered by the shared contributions of women and men. Why not birth control?
Is birth control a need? I guess that's the question.
Of course it is, as much as prostate medication.
How? For some it's necessary for health but that simply isn't the vast vast majority.
Birth control or prostate meds? Many prescribed meds covered by insurance are for non-life threatening ailments.
He did not reverse it. He allowed employers 2 opt out based on religious or moral conviction, which is bad. Most employers will still offer.
"Most" isn't good enough. Especially if you're a low income woman who NEEDS it and your boss decides he doesn't want insurance to cover it.
I agree. The Trump rule is terrible. I worked for Obama Admn for office that wrote the original rule. I care about it. The Obama rule had 1/
An exemption for religious beliefs. Trump made it broader. It is BAD. But 55 million women will NOT lose birth control. Why scare them?
I understand, but to those who will lose it, it's really bad. And here in Oklahoma, a lot of ppl will choose to opt out.
Agree. So important 2 do everything to find out what employers are opting out and what they are saying to employees. Rule doesn’t require 1/
Any filing with HHS w/ justification. Maybe employees can sue. Not a good answer I know. & I’m sorry, I’m in CA and it’s different here
I mean, personally, I'll be fine. I'm covered by my husband ins through DoD. I just fear for those who don't have the access I do.
That means the female #dreamers will be hurt even more
This is designed to keep people that live off of govt subsidies that have endless amounts of children and never go to work,taxpayer savings
And why shouldn't there be a copayment?
They had it due to the largess of the American taxpayers whom you have bled dry.
Good. #MAGA
Trump's hatred of former Pres.Barack Obama, or misogyny? Greed of companies? NO excuse for Trump's action against women. Disgraceful.
OH MY GOD, Women might have to pay a few dollars?! Poor helpless Democrats! GOP women don’t beg feds to cover BCP.
Is freedom Forcing me, a Male, to buy contraception coverage?  Fascism is when government forces choices on it’s subjects.
Me too dude. Thanks to his dad, the Canadian gov't stays out of our bedrooms and politicians aren't allowed to push their religious shit. 
We will him in court with the ACLU. Old white men get Biagra in order to have sex
Close your legs. There! Free birth control. Open them, the onus is on you. Next issue?
This is a direct affront to all women!
Then better equate to 55 million votes against any of these lizards ever getting back into office!  Vote them ALL out! While you still can
Elections have consequences - who would have imagined a President that keeps his promises.
So instead of a $20 co pay I got a $2,000 hike in monthly premiums.  Democrats suck at math.
Just giving them Hillary treatment...
Guess they have to "Pay to Play" now
As he should of
Employers should declare their position on this and let consumers know if they support their employees or stand with religious bigots.
That means we are paying for these peoples birth control in our insurance premiums! Kiss off! Get a job pay for your own!
Shouldn't u pay for it though?!
Stop the war on women!! Vote the women hating GOP out of office!!!!
Awesome! pay for it yourself! Try taking personal responsibility for your actions and pay the whopping $10 per month, yourself!
The problem with the #ACA is precisely this issue.  No President should have the ability to mandate anything once a law is signed.
YOU'RE FOR WOMEN'S RIGHTS, RIGHT?EQUALITY ALL THE WAY !!  SO LET WOMEN TAKE CARE OF THEMSELVES.WE DONT NEED THE GOVERNMENT TAKING CARE OF US
We NEED to take back control from the Republican nightmare we find ourselves in. VOTE in 2018/2020 like your life depends on it. It does...
vote them all out, rep and dem
drain the swamp!
Thank God we finally have smart decisions being Made!
I'm right there with you. I don't understand not accepting responsibility for your own body & health.
Got that right.
Men pay for condoms. Be a grown up. Pay for your sex life. Women - you got this. Lol
#PayToPlay #HandsOffMyBC #HandsOffMyWallet
Liberal women. ;)

BC is a Public health issue, like how communities share the costs of vaccines. Higher social access to bc correlates to fewer abortions.
No, Kamala, it's actually because my premiums and deductibles skyrocketed.
Yea, what's wrong with a copayment! Stupid mandate, libs just love freebies.
http://ww.nydailynews.com/news/politics/pence-pro-life-stance-doesn-extend-women-health-article-1.3017237 … Do you think Trump even knows? My opinion: This man is the women of America's worst enemy. He needs to go too.
All you women #TrumpVoters happy now?
Yet viagra which spits in the face of God who decided a man shouldn’t have sex anymore is lauded.
Viagra is approved because returning male soldiers have PTSD and can't get it up, which results in depression.
That's the logic. Twisted...
Wonder how many, if any, abortions he's paid for.
Of course he did. Anything "good" or that has anything to do with Obama...GONE!
Good.
Just another way he tries to show dominance.  His sexist movement must be stopped.
How is he being sexist, I’m a grown woman, I can buy my own birth control, it’s called be responsible smh .

I thought our tax dollars pouring into PP will take care of this?
There will be lawsuits. This is illegal. ACA is the law of the land.
ACLU on it.
All of YOU use name calling following the fine example of DT juvinlle nicknames, Emoji's?? lol I promise it makes you look as "stupid" as him.Viagra's covered. Healthcare shouldn't be an issue for any organization. Regardless-it shouldn't be cherry picked.My bp meds are free
Astounding that during an all out assault by the gov on women, tRump women are attacking other women. #ShameOnThem
Making America Meaner Again.
Yep. And dumber. Everyday is a smh a hundred times day.  #Unbelievable
This is wrong but, until enough women stand up and. call, write,text,e-mail,visit their Congress people, run for office and vote in their own best interest change will NOT happen. #Respect Harris 2020 "Strong Leadership and  Real Change"
Oh yes. I'm sure we can expect millions of poor helpless women to stand up and demand Daddy government take care of them. Feminists my ass.
You are fighting for the wrong side! History will show just that-sadly more people will have to die first bc of 45 but, human can only sometimes learn "the hard way". "Awake In A Dream" http://penthere.com/2017/09/awake-in-a-dream/ …
Not all insurance plans are free of co-pay. Tricare is not.
When I had employer sponsored ins, my rates for a ppo went up $160 per month so I could save a $10 co-pay for BC. Ridiculous.
hell, u can buy it straight from the pharmacy for $9.
My mother's heart medication, that she needs to LIVE, is not totally "free."  Insulin is not "free". Lots of meds aren't. Why should BC be?
And we shouldn’t be paying for it...BC for non-medical use is just contraception and should come out of the users pocket...it’s not a right
Then there should B no coverage 4 Viagra & Cialis #birthcontrol #womenshealth
2 different issues. Viagra/cialis FIXES a medical PROBLEM. Pregnancy isn't a medical "problem". Are u really that stupid?
Good. If they want it, they can pay for it, like grown ups do.
People don’t know how to adult any more.  They all need daddy government to take care of them!
BC is a Public health issue, like how communities share the costs of vaccines. Higher social access to bc correlates to fewer abortions.
then go buy ur own BC. I thought left liberal vagina hat wear feminist want control of their body. Trump giving it to them. Buy ur own
And 99% of women aren't affected by this.
You mean to say more than 55 million women who cannot keep their legs closed must now pay their own money for contraception, right?
9 dollars Kamala.
Even Canada's Universal Health care cover BC 
"While Canada has a universal health care system, it does not offer free contraceptives."
Another person who cannot read the mandate.
Screw you! Pay your own damn way!
55 million women cant afford  $9.00 per month?
Anybody with $9 dollars in their pocket has access to birth control
Including celibate nuns being forced to pay for birth control coverage.
Thank you @POTUS ! Pay for it yourself!
isn’t this called paying for votes comrade?
Why shouldn't they have a co-payment????????????? I have a co payment on everything thanks to Obamacare you socialist hag
You do know with out insurance birth control cost 9$-24$.If you can't afford that you should keep your legs shut. Be an adult pay ur own way
He obviously thinks he has the power to just sign a paper and it will change just because of his name.  Let's see where the ACLU and Mass. AG Healey lawsuits go (more to come) to block it.
Safety is very important. I would like to purchase another gun, I think you Kamala and your friends should be taxed to help me buy one. smh
None of what u said is true.
you are such the racist liar....
"my body, my choice"

pay for your own choices
I'm tired of paying for everybody else's bullshit. Time for them to pay for their own.
$6 last time this discussion came up, non issue
Stop covering Viagra, maybe women won’t need as much birth control then! P.S., just being sarcastic.
Well hell, let's throw in a bottle of wine at taxpayers expense to make sure they are in the mood. 
Pay for it yourself or go to the damn free clinic! #HandsOffMyWallet
Great, that's $550,000,000 minimum saved by U.S. taxpayers! #MoreWinning Hold Hillary's book between the knees and voila~ no BCPs needed!
They want more people born that they can torment.
This is a lie.tiny amt of have exercised their option 4 this..2 much 2 actually b honest. change was 4 those who otped 4 religious acception
So what, in my day, I paid for my own birth control pills.  It is a choice that responsible individuals need to make & pay for
If u r responsible enough 2 have sex, then u should be responsible 4 ur own birth control. Lack of personal responsibility is destroying USA
Says he has always paid for his victims to get abortions & so should everyone else.
Seriously buy your own BC. It's like $9 mo @ many pharmacies. What an absurd mandate. I paid for my own BC and I wasn't wealthy. Ridiculous.
Alk wonen STILL have access to birth control but why not make it OTC vs wasting time w already disfunctional congress.
If working women can't afford $10/month for BC pills then they have way bigger problems than their insurance not covering.
what about viagra?
BTW: Contraceptives are for "Womens Health"?!  Here's what they cause:
Increased risk of cervical and breast cancers.  1/2
An illegal ObamaNation mandate was reversed. 

Yell at Obama for doing temporary idiocy
You are seriously full of !  You need to stop rambling about things like that.  If a women can’t handle a $9 a month pill don’t have sex!
How bout free fire arms for all , considering its a constitutional right to bear arms
If ur a woman & you CAN’T resist getting laid by a guy who can’t afford a condom, give him $1 so he can get one. #easy #smart #cheap
@amandagiroux28 Therefore men should keep their trousers zipped up. Easy solution.
as much as you isit on your knees i am impressed with your tweeking ability
Maybe they need to get out of bed, put some clothes on and get a job and pull their considerable weight.
Well said Stan.
Kamala,tell them to use debit card from Obama to pay for BC. Skip that tattoo, pay for their BC, and take the pill,as directed!!
Yep! Move on and buy your OWN contraception...
Thank you, President Trump!
pay for u own birth control. i am not ur wallet
And it will still be there because contraception is cheap. This is to keep you commies from forcing religious groups from funding it.
I don't want to pay for Your health care!!!
Does this mean no more free birth control? If this means no more free birth control imma be pissed.
A six pack of condoms cost less than a six pack of beer.
That's because men don't take birthcontrol.
You don't wanna follow federal laws - make your own health care and let California pay for it. Bye.
Why am I forced to pay for the country’s promiscuity?
Kamala I di not want to pay for your sleeping your way to the top! Period....forever & ever Amen. I bought my pills.....
Literally trying to make America great again, through population :-)
To every woman that voted for Trump, and supports him now… What the heck are you thinking?
Isnt fornication against your islamic religion?
Simply put!Mien Kampf trump is F--king Idiot &moron!No experience or class or diplomacy!Full of hate &jellousiesMust destroy good PresOBDone
Abortions are going to rise pro- lifers  can you live with that to get back at Obama?
Its not a taxpayers obligation to finance others sexual habits, ,,, you think you have a chance at 2020  spewing this dribble ? forget it
Thank God for President Trump. I guess women need to be more responsible now. Isn’t that a shame.
Perhaps these women would benefit from a sex ed class more than they would from free birth control.
Shame America can't reverse 2016 election.
Maybe they should pony up the copayment, or better yet just buy it out of their own pockets. Why should they get #BC for free?
it’s time you pay for your bad decisions
You are lying.... 
BTW, does Planned Parenthood provide free Birth control W/$500 Million yearly check from U.S. Tax Payers? Fair question?
THANK GOD. Pay for ur own sh8t.
My mom & grandmother had access & lost it...but, they're 94 & 73 and don't need it anyways. Are these people included in your calculations?
Well,when he has more women having abortions,on welfare,maybe he'll rethink birth control coverage! The pill is cheaper than welfare!
I love how personal accountability is never one of the options

#TrumpIsAMoron
Question is how many of them vote republican, or even bother to vote?
did not vote4Hillary?:
no vote
no contraception
no abortion
baby
life over as know it
daddy gone? welfare? child abuse? prison? Trump WINS
You make it sound like a bad thing.
We voted, he delivered. Gov't. is not & shouldn't be in charge of &/or responsible for my choices. If BC over the counter, accessible to all
Why wouldn’t strong liberal educated man hating women, want to pay for birth control themselves. It’s their body it’s their right so pay up
Do men get free condoms in the US?
Maybe if they paid a copayment our medical costs would be LESS!!
How is this legal because of religious freedom? I can’t believe that a boss has power like that over employees who are female. FIGHT THIS
Me!
On a side note ...are you gonna keep the money a sexual predator who victimized women gave you? #Weinstein just curious where your line is!
Liar! Employers have the option to offer it, it is just not a socialist mandate anymore! The Gov. Can't force anything upon ppl like ACA
The Government has NO right forcing business owners to pay for contraceptives for their employees. What don't you understand?
Closing your legs is free.  And efficient.
God forbid you take responsibility for yourself. The government does pay for your Starbucks every morning does it, u leftwing hack!
Government MANDATES are not a good thing. Why do you hate freedom and love totalitarianism? Employers are "free" to provide BC coverage.
The mandate was unconstitutional. It has been un-mandated ... similar to what happened to  the unconstitutional mandated Medicaid expansion.
Taxpayers shouldnt be paying for birth control or slaughtering 900 babies a day If you can’t be responsible keep your legs shut
Oh darn, guess we'll have to be held accountable for our own actions now!
.@SenKamalaHarris That's not fair-Men don't have access to any prescriptions without co-payment. Where's our free prescriptions? Viagra NE1?
Women need to stop having sex with republicans
So what? Contraception was cheaper when purchased out of pocket vs. bloated insurance premiums. It was not free before. It's not free now.
Only 120,000 “MAY” be affected so 99.9% can still have their bad choices and sex lives subsadized by the American people.  Feel better now?
Nobody ever paid for my birth control!  I had to pay for it myself.   Why is this such a bad thing?  You people are ridiculous!
All in the name of religious freedom too. How utterly absurd. The 'Christian' control of government under Republicans has to end.
Still have access to birth control.  Just be responsible for your own birth control. PSU for it
Good.
helo kamala
I have to pay cash for medications my insurance carrier won't pay for or has the co pay higher than the cash price....why are BCP different?
And women have HAD access - don't use verbiage to further your agenda. they just had to pay their copay - like MOST seniors have to do
Please run for President.

Help us!!
Good, I'm sick of paying for other people's birth control, murders in the womb, and taking care of nappyhead kids. Ten kids from 13 fathers
Pay for your OWN birth control! I did! Stop w the “free” hand outs. NOTHING IS FREE!! #personalresponsibilitu
Senseless. Again.
Your body, your choice. You pay for it. Strong independent woman my a$$!
Responsible enough to have sex? Then you're responsible enough to pay for your birth control. Simple. No outrage or grievance required.
Pay for your own sex and stop whining about your false healthcare claims. Get real.
Good! Pay for your own crap! Walmart has generic bc pills for $9 Stop lying to make it fit your narrative.
I have a list of things taxpayers aren't paying 4 me. How can I get this list started on? Why should I be responsible 4 these things myself?
Why do men have to pay for their own condoms
Close your legs. It’s free and effective.
Trump needs direction on what tie to wear. Pence reversed the coverage.
Just chop off all erect penises that point at you @SenKamalaHarris.
Feel free to use your money and buy everyone bc. I'm not paying for it
@GOP Agenda for Women: Barefoot, Pregnant, No Career...Powerless
