U.S. Army kills contracts for hundreds of immigrant recruits. Some face deportation.
http://wapo.st/2x1exnN 
Sad day for our military. Draft politicians families to fill the void left by these fine men. Sickening.
Damn Straight !!!
For every contract voided, someone in the Fed bureaucracy's draft age loved one  should be drafted into the military.
Why did the government hire them knowing they were undocumented?
.....h1b visas
Aww c'mon, that's no good, only those with an American passport should be allowed to enlist.
Why don't you do some google research for an in depth explanation....that will answer your questions thnks
Going over it now.  In Canada only citizens can serve.
Oh your a canadian....good morning
DEPORT Trump, who never served but instead betrays 'his' country that all these brave service members risked their lives for! #RESIST
Opportunity for Immigrants to serve in US Military for eventual citizenship was 'W's plan and continued by BHO. Shame on Trump.
.

Stand with Americans for Americans

This is wrong be American we owe illegals nothing

.
You don't want them in our Armed Forces protecting your sorry ass but I bet you're too chicken shit to take their place @JohnBCool
I think you are punch drunk if you believe that. You and Durban have no credibility. Keep entertaining me Senator.
#KamalaHarris for #president
Please run in 2020. We NEED you!!
Immigrants who receive an Honorable Discharge from the US armed forces are supposed to be given citizenship.
It seems there is a great effort to sabotage the US military strength and I wonder why.
Because of a non-military coupe. trump does not have the military but he's trying...
Thank you, Senator. This is so particularly galling. Willing to die for Trump & THIS is the thanks?
If anything, they should be given citizenship once they've fought for our country....
Trump is ruining our country!  We must take it back!
I hope Donnie Jr. and family cast out Eric enjoy being boots on the ground in North Korea. Nah, bone spurs are inherited I'm sure.
@chadglasn @washingtonpost IMPEACH INCARCERATE ALL NOW  GAVE YOU MORE THAN U NEED. GET TOUGH.
@washingtonpost not jumping on ur emotion train I'm sure this will work out then no sensationalism not a fan
No one in the military should be deported.

The values supported by tRump have resulted in a loss of humanity in this country . We have crawled into an abyss of narcissism.
I'm sorry, If these brave people are willing to give their lives for this country, military service should be a straight path to citizenship
Always immigrants over citizens with you
Please do this for them and for the integrity of our country. Right wingers/racists and ppl like @SteveKingIA r hellbent on #BIGOTRY
tRumps immorality, lack of foresight and his endangering the American people at work here
The battle for my military comrades just begun. Korea is the less of POTUS problems. He just took a number 2 and step back in it.
It's disgusting that a man who lied and was a draft dodger wants 2 keep people that r willing to fight 4 us a hard time.  #FakeAssPresident
America has become a fair weather friend to those that pledged their loyalty. This must not be allowed to continue!
UN-AMERICAN
Is there a clause in their contract that allows this?
Otherwise, @ACLU , we need you!
@POTUS  Truth? Or dirty politics?  The military knows you have their back.
Utterly disgraceful

Many are fluent in multiple languages, prized by SOCOM

and now face deportation instead!?!
Horribly disgraceful! Cruel, stupid and dishonorable.
For an administration that talks a lot about helping Vets this is a disgrace!
Go, sens Harris and durbin!
If they face deportation they are NOT immigrants they are ILLEGAL ALIENS
Yes ma'am I'm on it for you and these our brave men and women
This isn't good, you can't enlist these immigrants then tell them to go home after or during service. Pretty sure that's not in the contract
@KelbyMoon
No acceptable! Go get em Sen Harris, if they are willing to serve this country they should be entitled to citizenship!
That is appalling.
Please tell us you will run for president in 2020!
Agree
These brave people are willing to put their lives on the line for OUR country while some of you DO NOTHING but TALK.
Ridiculous and so unamerican!
So disheartening and wrong on every level. The US needs these men and women who are willing to risk all.
@SenKamalaHarris u don't say a word 2 the brave US Citizens who've been killed or Raped by illegal aliens due2 your policies @HallieJackson
@KamalaHarris sorry I didn't get to meet you while  in DC the other day. Hopefully soon! A fan. 
Yes! They have served with honor and we the thankful stand for them. Lets honor our commitments to them. It is the only right thing to do.
do they try to buy their way to citizenship? You speak before you know the whole story, Senator
Trump is slowly ruining our country. This man needs to leave our White House!
There is NO excuse for this madness. During my tours in war I served with the best of them and I didn't give a damn where they were from
Stop the madness of this administration. We cannot allow this to happen on our watch. History will ask how we let truth die and for what.
If they are willing to die for the country the least the country can do is call them citizens
Even if y'all come up with an agenda it's going 2 be a copy of what the agenda is now. What the PPL. want . U R a day late & a dollar short
Typical democratic party
Really when did they pass that bill. R is this a way to get the MAGA PEOPLE MAD AT THE PRESIDENT. Dems. It's not working boy y'all are dumb
When will anyone notice that Trump is working for Putin? Who wants the military decimated an disrupted? Putin does!
Look.  Build the wall, get DACA and stuff.  Trade, but to do THAT, you have to be lucid, not hating Trump because he talks good.
The voters must do our job to elect more representatives like you at the local, state & federal level. We need a rational, decent POTUS.


@washingtonpost @AlexHortonTX Sounds like onerous regulations placed by the Obama admin effectively killed it anyway
If the word of the US Govt is no good in this matter, why assume it's good in things like paying bonds, debts, etc??
Senator, this is unAmerican! Please pass on bill information so we can start calling! #Resist
MORE LIES!   There are only 500 ILLEGALS serving!  Get over it!

Again.....

YOU WILL NEVER BE PRESIDENT OF THIS COUNTRY!
It's easy to spot effects of tampering in our system: militarized, vigilante local LEOs, weakened military, violent culture clashes..
Yes it's wrong but then again our government/people has turned its back on our veterans for decades. Military bases should be in USA only!
We need to place every homeless veteran in a home before we address benefits for illegal aliens.
GO!!!!
These people have put more into this country than the entire Trump family combined.
Kamala, I keep seeing articles and tweets about Bernie's HC proposal, weren't you part of it as well? Where's your name?
DoD did those people dirty.
#DefendDACA!!
Trump and his Admin are a clear and present danger! Endangering our country and ways of life in so many fronts! #ImpeachTrumpNow Senator!
Imagine. All these brave immigrants willing to serve.
Imagine. All the "patriot" trumpists unwilling, but will sell out to Putin.
I'm just going to say it.  He's a dick.
Thank you all for leading this bipartisan effort to protect our #DREAMers!  Keep up your pragmatic leadership!! #FlyWithKamala #2020
Thank you madam president for caring about those who put their lives on the line for a country that hates them but they still love it #DACA
As a retired Air Force veteran this is a totally outrageous move by the Army! A contract IS a contract, and should be honored.
I am a CA native & infuriated to learn CA has 53 lawmakers that for the past 30 yrs ignored IMMAGRATION REFORM! Now U holler fowl; not cool!
Please spare the theatrics/Your thoughts should be on PASSING AGENDA/if you were a stable leader/Three branches are divided/EARN YOUR KEEP$!
I was born in Los Angeles; raised in Huntington Bch/I am 50 yrs old and now see how POLITICIANS hurt or help our daily lives/PASS OUR AGENDA
It is cruel that our country is handled by a few men/women lawmakers that refused to PASS affective IMMIGRATION REFORM! Governors didn't try
Our Army is to be made up of Americans, we do not go to Spain and hire their citizens to fight in our country. Wake up your stupid party.
When Bush had his war it was OK for immigrants to fight. If they serve this country, then they should be allowed to become citizens.
they should not be here in the first place unless they come through the legal process
We train these ppl to fight 4 us ..after they do..we tell them they're second class ppl & should be deported & discarded..history repeats.
Pass the Dream Act of 2017!!!

No human is illegal!  ~Elie Wiesel
Shameful
This administration's cruelty is limitless. Congress needs to step up and protect Dreamers!!!
We need to go further and impeachment proceedings need to get going. This has gone on long enough.

Hey @LindseyGrahamSC How could you listen to my concerns for my child's life & then propose a #healthcarebill that could kill her? 
Bring in Sessions for you to grill, you make him nervous and quake in his shoes well that's what he said, make mincemeat of him this time
9:19am CT  @SenKamalaHarris, IN this min TRUTHFULLY, your tweet (notification) I LOVE it when someone is thoughful; (Family) THINK more
Not only am I very RESPECTFUL of  our (Military) service members but as well very mindful of (immigrants) any individuals RIGHTS,protected
11:00am CT. @FOXNEWS  #OUTNUMBERED, @SenKamalaHarris
1:00pm CT.  Gone to Post Office, also to a store for Sugar & Bread,  @SenKamalaHarris; Back Soon!
2:25pm CT.  Back to Apt. Watching  @FOXNEWS,  @SenKamalaHarris (Family) 
3:00pm CT.  @CSPAN President Trump speaks to AIRMEN, at Joint Base Andrews,MD,  @SenKamalaHarris,  (Family)  TRUTHFULLY, more
3:25pm @MSNBC @SenKamalaHarris,
4:00pm.CT. @CNN;  @SenKamalaHarris
Trump and Beauregard are absolutely vile human beings.
need to pass reform that makes all DACA serve 7 years... then end DACA
You do realize there are a bunch of DACA people already serving in the military, right? And their service contracts are getting canceled?
Yes....now one day of the week, one on ones answering question all question, wait with in ur parameters.
