This is exactly why it was wrong to cosponsor Bernie's Medicare4All bill, which is being used by GOP as reason to support Graham-Cassidy.
More capitulating to false choice & duopoly.
The PPL OVERWHELMINGLY SUPPORT #MedicareForAll.
Indoctrinated partisans seek duopoly compromise
Ur idiocy is exactly why Trump is president.M4A *can't pass* when GOP controls House,Senate&WH but O-care can be repealed.M4A now is foolish
Keep blaming EVERYONE but your party's corruption.
See if THAT will win back the 1,000+ offices the #DixiecraticNeoliberalCorporatists lost.
No matter how many memes you post or how loud you scream, what I wrote is the truth.
You're a Dem adherent.
U have NO CHOICE BUT TO APPEAL TO BIPARTISAN DUOPOLY POLICIES BECAUSE YOUR POS PARTY LOST ALL CREDIBILITY AFTER 2016.
It's basic math. When the GOP controls the House, Senate & White House, there is no way M4A can become law,so priority is to save Obamacare.
Here's some "basic math", indoctrinated Dem:
MILLIONS of #Progressives #DemExit'ed.
MILLIONS were cheated, abstained or flipped parties.
1
Human health care is priority in all levels.. Obama care is hard to vote out because he took disability insurance and veteran and grew it
You are right, and that's a good thing. But what about the people who don't get free care. They have to pay
Thank you for using ANY MEANS NECESSARY to defeat Graham-Cassidy, including withholding consent, refusing nominees, if a no vote wavers.
@senorrinhatch ordered the ASSAULT & ARREST OF ELDERLY & DISABLED AMERICANS WHO WERE AT THE CAPITOL TO DEFEND THEIR HEALTHCARE! WHERE R YOU?
Why should we all pay for your care?
Republicans are trying to help the middle class with their ridiculously high premiums while obstructive democrats shout "winning!" Pathetic
"Disabilities shouldn't be denied" ...well I shouldn't have to pay 2-3x my original premium for being healthy!!!!!!!
A Noble country takes care of its people when they are the most vulnerable!!! Period!  Medicare for all!!!  Thanks, GCD
Are you willing to pay a high tax? If not it's not fair to ask others to work and pay for u. Sorry
I already pay a higher tax.  Worked at Stanford for 43 years.   No one has ever paid for me.  Am willing to pay for others health care and schooling.  Health care for all.
Great. You can write a check. Just don’t demand we all do the same.
Medicaid doesn’t pay enough to cover expenses, and you can’t ask them for the difference. Seriously?
I'm the forgotten. 62 in Az working with no benefits. Priced out of ocare. Will I make it to 65? Fairly certain I'm buggered. Plz fix ACA.
They don't care about you. Only people receiving Medicaid. They are dependent on them. Soon illegals will be on it. Trust me.....
This is what you're promoting to keep. Millions of middle income families are now uninsured due to @BarackObama and you keep pushing it!
Lies! Obamacare took millions of families health insurance! $3,319 mo unaffordable. If Left is putting u up as candidate 2020 they're done!
#Do no harm. You leave
It's OK, they are moving on to fail on tax reform before the come back for another "health care" failure. Winning!
no concern of the middle class though 
Exactly! No insurance for you. But thanks for sending in your taxes.
LOL sounds about right
That's an outright lie and you KNOW it.
kamala harris is not being truthful they should do full repeal&replace but this part will not hurt people #givecontrolbachtostates
please, move on to different 'talking points'...you are getting boring! The G-C bill will help address the fraud and corruption of the ACA
Then don't let it pass- what a bunch of con artists!! Congress could CARE Less about healthcare!
So what about people not receiving FREE care. You could care less
@gmo1stmimi  with them? Maybe A BETTER DEAL!  Or maybe the BEST DEAL EVER?
Are you sure because so far you have proven to know nothing about law or everyday things
@gmo1stmimi  Trump is only trying to give TAX REFUNDS to the RICHES FUNDERS who overpaid to put him in office! Is there a deal WE could make
Your decision as California AG to not prosecute Steven Mnuchin's One West Bank for predatory lending & aggressive foreclosures DID THE SAME.
Kamala, you do know, right, that it's your party keeping nearly 40 million folk from #singlepayer health CARE? #DemExitNow #DemExitForever
It makes my soul cry, that Americans have to fight our own elected officials, to keep them from harming us. #SoWrong
Trump care is a cruel heartless extraction of money that transfers this largesse to the wealthy in tax breaks.
Cruel and heartless is making Americans pay for others care! Give me a break
And you dont think failed obamacare has already hurt us by mandating and taking awsy our freedom of choice?!
You need help, I understand.  Best of luck to ya!
No it won't, and Obamacare isn't hurting people?
Thank for speaking out against the latest version of nonsense.
Nothing I can do all my liberal representatives are against it
Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you for doing all you can to fight this bill!!!!
Do you just love Susan Collins!
fire these fools, our #taxpayer dollars are going str8 2 slush fund$, no more taxes to pay their salaries- I call fair wage plus pay bennies
So people won't die! Keeping fighting for us Senator!
I  u @SenKamalaHarris
Please, thus Bill will do so much Damage to myself & millions of American Citzens. I wish Schumer & Pelosi STOP PLAYING The Pal game w. 45
We must keep calling, emailing, tweeting until Sept 30!
Next: What r the Dem's fixes for #ACA? Not a word about those heard and I'd like to hear them before #ACA 100% falls apart.
Gov't ram healthcare hurts everyone except YOU

With Senator Collins opposed, it looks like it might die like it should!
You're http://lying.You  have no idea how each state will execute the healthcare mandate. Your speculation is derived out of ignorance
No on the GOP WEALTH CARE
The US continues to pay  higher rates for meds than the rest of the world in part bc of the presence and benefactors of these lobbies
"You're paying higher prices for exactly the same unit of care."
If your colleague @SenatorCollins has any moral bone in her body, she’ll not back down from waht she said JUST YESTERDAY
It's great news that Collins is no!!
So you and Bernie can take credit to kill Obamacare with your Medicare for All Bill. You're a hypocrite AND a lousy politician.


So did the ACA. Go away, Kamala.
Do you have an alternative? Single payer? Well why don't we try that in your state first and then see how it works out.
Amen
Tell @lisamurkowski  & @SenatorCollins ...looks like their arm-twists come with @GOP bribery payouts!!
Its horrible basically the state does whatever they want
I know! What if California does single payer and it doesn't work out? They'll look really stupid! And if Red States do well! Oh no!
Dont make assumptions i said anti-cassidy/graham
It's the best alternative. If we go to single payer, we would have to make changes that the Left couldn't bring themselves to make.
Kick some ass Kamala!
Skip the names. We got 'em 

#2018

What's a good healthcare bill?
#medicareforall would be a great bill to see. Too bad it doesn’t exist :(
Maybe that has something to do with risk analysis? People die in surgery.
How will it do that? Please be specific?
She can't be. Democrats have done nothing but grandstand when it comes to fixing the healthcare crisis. They have nothing.
That's the point of the GOP kill off poor ppl who vote Dem
Not to mention completely defending Planned Parenthood all together!
Yes, thank you. 
STOP  KILLING BABIES & SELLING THEIR PARTS
Should have spent some thought on this before rushing to hitch your little wagon to Bernie.  
You gave them ammunition. It was stupid.
Stop virtue signaling.  You know you're lying.
How heartbreaking was it for Dems to see disabled protestors dragged out?!
Healthcare is Prolife.
Assisted suicide isn't. And it's here now.
We are working like crazy throughout the country
We need you to call out GOP lies in selling this bill.
Not enough. Democrats need to put their money where their mouths are. They have no solution. Just an unearned sense of moral superiority
@SenKamalaHarris #traitorTrump and his followers DONT CARE. We need to do something besides talking about it. #impeachTrumpnow
I care so much that I'm asking Democrats what their solution is since the hate this one. Nothing but silence.
5:00pm @SenKamalaHarris, Having seen you vote also talking to  @SenCortezMasto, @SenatorCantwell, others Senato's TRUTH
6:5]0pm CT. @SenKamalaHarris, U.S. Senate just gaveled out for the day.TRUTH (Family) 
2/2 6:50pm @SenKamalaHarris, U.S. Senate  gaveled out,  Family, TRUTH
10:30pm @SenKamalaHarris,  (Family) TRUTH
Agree with you on this  . Any chance you might apply #DoNoHarm ethos to your policies on trans folk and sex workers?
Also hurts vets
It WILL HURT EVERYONE!! #DoYourJob
@senorrinhatch & @SenMikeLee why do you still support this bill?
It will hurt almost everyone who makes $100,000 or less I promise. All it takes is a few bombshells in your life & many don't understand.
But the boogieman is #1 a WOMAN and #2 CORRECT...so nobody cares what you write
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris for doing the right thing!
What's that? Complaining about this bill with no alternative. If these people are waiting for 2018 to do anything, it shows they don't care.
Improve don't repeal. That's the best way forward
This doesn't repeal. That's why Cruz and Paul are against it. It gives ACA money to states for them to figure out.
#FIXAFFORDABLECAREACT #DOYOURJOB
Fighting from Texas.
Thank you, Senator Harris
Boogieman tactics of the left. Surprising
