If Trump's cabinet can fly around in private jets costing hundreds of thousands of $$$, there is money for CHIP. And meals on wheels...
Yes. But the POTUS and his pond scumites don't care about anyone else's welfare.
I have never seen so many people in the WH + GOP who really don't give a damm.
You have. They kept it private though.
Nothing like today. We have our whole Government trying to destroy America. They are openly Racists. They get their orders from Russia
Wait. Canada is taking orders from Russia and trying to destroy America too?
You're not making much sense with this tweet Calling Out BS...?
Irene said "We have our whole Government trying to destroy America. They get their orders from Russia" Twitter shows Irene from Canada?
Hey @SenAlexander YOU were so focused on screwing up my #ACA coverage for most of my family, that YOU screwed up son's CHIP coverage. FIX IT
We can't let more American lives die. Help #PuertoRicoReliefNOW please
Here's my voice: KAMALA 2020
We wont be a democracy in 2020. Communist countries dont vote. But its cute there are ppl who think we have a chance
Do something about it please!
Why are CHIP n funding for community hospital not permanently funded? Why do we play this extension game every few yrs?
Incentive for lobbyists to keep paying Congressional bribe money.
This program  should never have a EXPIRATION DATE! NEVER!
I hate when these programs have these one or two-year expiration dates on them then you have to go through all this rigmarole again & again
What about the #medicareforall bill? Wouldn’t this be a perfect time to prove it actually exists and wasn’t a lie to manipulate the public?
Ensuring for all CHIP now immediately enroll to student Model plan A or B ( 1&2 ) , please work with @senfeinstein on emails instructions that I have sent , 100% FREE under CHA transforms USD to Newly US currency in 1 Y GracePeriod for sign up all ,same as all 8 MPlans @gennylam
What's wrong with GOP Congress always trying taking healthcare away from children, seniors, the disabled, the poor & working class?

Well, not "Life long" She started off a young Republican trying to get black kids kicked out of white schools. #Goldwatergirl
How?
PLEASE CALL  YOUR REPRESENTATIVES & DEMAND ACTION! 
Contact Your Elected Officials https://t.co/0m4MKvcRNvl
But we have to pay for poor 45's golf habit
Oh, man. Chicken Little was right. The sky is falling!
Well over a year ago, people in Indiana, part of American heartland, were saying that they felt like they were living in Third World Nation.
I never knew a Third World Nation could grow so much Corn 
America/USA is not growing. We R just standing still and most other nations are rotating quickly around us. USA is stagnant toxic cesspool.
Please bring a bill for this to be restored ASAP.
How about universal healthcare now not in 4yrs?
Ten reasons to NEVER GET A MICROCHIP: http://happypreppers.com/chips 
You know what would take care of that? #MedicareForAll that you co-sponsored then never acted on. Wouldn't want to upset your donors!
OMG I did not know about this....

KIDS YOU 
USA
Trumps busy golfing. Price quit or got fired . Who does this?
We do. We are hoarse and tired

Why do we keep paying our reps if they can’t do their jobs and we have to remind them not to kill us?

Kids don't vote so GOP doesn't care if they have health care
By the time these kids are old enough to vote, majority of the GOP will be retired or dead.

#PuertoRico "Likes" don't help. PLEASE RETWEET-and donate if you can. https://twitter.com/marybrownatl1/status/914116243380146176 …
why did it expire
Who the hell listens?
PLEASE CALL  YOUR REPRESENTATIVES & DEMAND ACTION! 
Contact Your Elected Officials https://t.co/0m4MKvcRNvl
Considering the obamacare required everyone to have insurance that shouldnt be needed low income can apply for medical card for minors
They're poor, so... there's that. 
@womensmarch @NastyWP @Shareblue @commondefense @DNCWomen @MMFlint @billmaher @HillaryClinton call
I'd have to ask "Who's going to pay for that??", just like Dems ask of #Medicare4All . Isn't health for 9M kids "pie in the sky"? a pony?
@SenDuckworth 
@SenatorDurbin 
 @SenSchumer 
@SenJohnMcCain 
@RepSwalwell 
@RepAdamSchiff 
@RepJayapal 
@RepBarbaraLee 

Renew chip!
When are dems going to speak out against the republicans and trump moving and achieving making America a communist country.
We need a functioning federal government. Trump is unable to do the job. Enough is enough, impeach him.
You & your followers must be smoking dope. Harris your blocked for being a fraud
I don't understand why anyone would want to take away from those who do not have. It's utterly mind boggling. Get yer heads out your asses:)
Thank you for listening to us medical practice billers. Everything goes weird October 1, 2017. Trump EO'ed ACA out 09/30/17
@SenBobCasey @SenToomey Don't let this happen.
call our Senator?
Suuuuuuuurrrre
Fat cat cabinet flies in luxury while kids are threatened! Fund CHIP! @SenatorCarper @ChrisCoons @SpeakerRyan @SenateGOP @SenateDems #fundit
@SenKamalaHarris can we get a list on who is pushing this?  I mean each congress persons vote.  #SaveCHIP.  Our gov using terrorist tactics.
Just another reason we need Medicare for All.
This is evil. Funding must continue
I called my senators, my house member and Mitch. Could not get through to Ryan and one of my senators is cassidy who is fine if no insurance
They don't care about the welfare of these kids, or any kids for that matter.
Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIP) | http://Medicaid.gov  http://go.cms.gov/2fWvQww .  You'll hear from me today. Protect children.
Poor kids tho, right? ::chuckle:: in the eyes of the @GOP, poor kids matter less, second only to poor elderly...
Come on, @GOP do something right for a change.  Which Republican will step forward for the children of this country...we are waiting.
Canada love their care we are healthier.Overall  health of Canadians is ranked at 35th among WHO's 191 member nations. USA comes at 72nd
@SenBooker @SenatorMenendez DON'T LET THIS HAPPEN!!
Maybe if we stopped paying the $1million/month for private security for DeVos this wouldn't have to happen!
We all know that the children are our future, therefore this important health cover is an investment in our future & must continue
@congressdotgov Do not allow CHIP to expire - we’re talking abt health ins for 9 million children. Do the right thing, vote to keep it.
Will call my Sentor
@bfm4440 I've called my Senators, @BillCassidy @JohnKennedyLA & was told they " had no public comment". 9 MILLION CHILDREN.
My senators too. Cassidy has made it clear he is fine if no one has insurance and Kennedy is a complete moron
I also called Mitch and left a message. Who votes for these hate filled parasites who got rich being criminals stealing from us?
Blah, blah, platitudes, blah.
Your party's establishment opposes #SinglePayer & is funded in part by biopharma & health insurance.
#DemExit
I know a woman whose children are on CHIP that voted for Trump. She's not even aware that it's about to expire. Let it for a bit.
It's an INVESTMENT
Thank you Senator @KamalaHarris 4 the reminder 2 contact Congress! 
Call Rendon and have him put the medicare for all bill up for a vote.
Why are we just hearing about this now? Fuck fuck fuck... This is really fucking important.
This is exhausting. Every. Damn. Day. If you keep fighting, I will too.
I would call and bitch about this to my senators but you and Diane are already on it.  Glad you're my senators
This is the health program that carries the Hillary Rodham Clinton taint as I recall.
Noooooooo! CHIP funding needs to continue!
They will not stop until they got the poor, sick, handicapped and old people of Obama care. They are destroying it from the inside out
Use personal flight money to help fund CHIP!
Why does it expire?
Chip can be more expensive but in Florida it kidcare is very comprehensive and provides better services! Save CHIP
Wow really?!
I vote we move more money for Tom Price travel and keep it away from the con artist kids aka takers
Not good :-(
This is sadistic
Please STOP the Approval of the Nominee for the Criminal Division of The Department of Justice!
They need to kill that cuz Clinton helped create it.It's difficult, you know, deciding which you're more threatened by-black man or woman.
Again, how is this even a question
Thank you.
WHAT????????
Help us please, California is becoming so unaffordable it's making it impossible to live!! Please focus on affordable housing for all!!!! 
And we all know that Trump needs to be liked. Especially by his base. But his base will hate him if he takes H/C away from those 9M kids.
So what is the Rep congress going to do. Trump. Time to act. Now. Your out of time. Going to let 9M kids lose H/C. People won't like you.
I appreciate you and I will call, but I m effing tired of having to remind Congress to not kill people, especially kids.
Be sure and let us know when your CA colleague needs to be contacted on any particular issue. Sometimes she surprises.
I don't know how much more we can do, how did this happen and why, we must get money out of Politics now
I thought we had obamacare. Shouldn't they be covered already. Just wasteful spending. And dependency on gov't
@MsDonnaDuck7 
AGREED
Call your MOC’s 202-224-3121 and demand funding approval for #CHIP. 9 million children are at risk of losing life saving healthcare!
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP where are you pro lifers now? Get off your added and take care of the children!
Cover CHIP on state level then
republicans are pure evil
The first letters of those 4 words spell RAPE. That is what the GOP does: Rapes, pillages, plunders, and destroys all that is good.
deprive children of Health Care, starve PR, propose a tax reform plan that transfers more wealth to the 1% - all in days work for T & GOP.
That happened when we last voted.
Did you write a bill expanding it? Has she done anything since being elected? #TermLimits
Thank you Senator Harris for all the hard work you do for your constituents and the rest of us around the country you are an amazing human!!
Help pass tax reform and maybe we can afford these ridiculous health care premiums.
kamala, YOU are part of the problem. what is YOUR solution? you have great taxpayer funded heathcare & salary.
Sorry but you can not back health care for me.. hell with your bills
Why are we always in chaos
Especially since my tobacco taxes ($1.00) a pack pays for CHIP expansion.  If the R's do not renew the funding, I want my tax back.
@FLOTUS:children that NEED the CHIP program expires in less than 2 days..we urge u to tell ur husband to sign this ASAP.
Why didn't Dems include it in the almighty never ending wonderful all encompassing ACA?
Thought the grand and glorious ACA solved that?
I’m on it!
My concern is the sabotage Trump Admin is doing to ACA thru HHS cuts, etc!!! People need to know about enrollment in ACA!!! Help Kampala!
Yes, @SenKamalaHarris, just now, TRUTH (FAMILY) 5:57pm 
7:00pm @MLBnetwork Thursday Baseball Game, @Rays Tampa Bay vs @Yankees New York, @SenKamalaHarris
9:18pm ct. @SenKamalaHarris  @MLB Game @Rays  Tampa Bay 9 vs @Yankees New York 5, BOT 8th.INNING

Thank you Senator Harris for all the hard work you do for your constituents and the rest of us around the country you are an amazing woman!!
My phone rings for Janelle monae
Why not?
