- We are with you!
thank you
Thank you for trying. You are up against a very weird wall.
another loss for the last place team
. How'd that work out for ya'??? #MAGA
Thank you!  We are behind you!!
thank you for your tireless work!
thanks for trying.  But why didn't you prosecute the other while doing mortgage fraud?
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you for trying Madame Senator! Thank you for all your efforts and your voice. Keep on them!
thank you!
do your job and let the EPA Person do his
Be a leader not a blind follower, the EPA has got to go!
your history of lawless behavior will always follow you #cali
Thank you! I was born in OK & work in resource extraction industry. We NEED environmental regs AND enforcement. Not Pruitt
you HAVE to wait at least until he releases his email correspondence w the oil companies - as ordered by judge.
this makes much more sense
In #Beatles  song recording mix on #WhiteAlbum, Revolution #9 crowds repeatedly chanted "Hold that line! Hold that line!"
@Celene_Doyle what did I tell you about RTing on the weekends
thank you for fighting the good fight. We need the #EPA
thank you for trying. Sadly, they were determined to have #pollutingPruitt head up the Environmental #Destruction #Agency
at least you tried. More than I can say about the Bannonites.
welp! You lost
go get em! We're with you! Resist!
Thank you. You and your colleagues are on the right side of history and there are at least 3Mill MORE who agree than don't
most of those are illegals right?
Glad you completely lost this one. I hope Admin. Pruitt will slash the EPA lawless activity.
too bad @Sen_JoeManchin doesn't care about our environment...guess he wants coal companies to pollute water in WV.
wish it had been enough.
Thank you for fighting!
Thanks for trying!
THANS A MILLION
Thank you for our efforts.  What can we do?
Thank you for your effort.
Heidtkamp & Manchin! !!
Thank you, Senator Harris, for speaking for our planet!
thank you!
Or at least get delayed so that we can see what are in those emails. Repubs are all about the emails so they shouldn't mind
Thank you!
@izzy6968 #TheResistance
you go girl! #holdthefloor CA is with you & I thank you 
Thank you!
Thank you! #NoPruitt
Thank you so much! He is inimical to the EPA's mission.
@_VickiePatton  Thank you Senator Harris for protecting our environment from climate-denier Scott Pruitt.  #postponepruitt
Thanks Senator Harris! Happy I got to vote for you & I enjoy watching you shine! Keep up the good work! #holdthefloor
thank you! I'm glad some of you care about the future of our planet
thank you! he must not be approved!
This constituent thanks you!   Keep #resisting and I will be voting for you again. #impeach45
I urge you to vote yes , constituent in fresno
Thank you, Sen. Harris!
Thank you for all you are doing. 
.@SenKamalaHarris Thank you for standing up! #persist #resist
or at least postpone until the emails are released next week! #holdthefloor #resist #savetheEPA
Thanks for taking a strong stand against Scott Pruitt. You do California proud.
Vote no he does not care about environment. He is for oil & gas companys. Have fracking in Okla. Had more earthquakes w/it
so proud of you! Thank you
Thank you Senator! Am sorry I missed this speech cuz of time zone issues...you are my newest hero! 
thank you!
Thank you, Senator!
#holdthefloor #SavetheEPA
THANK YOU! Fingers crossed
thank you for all your hard work trying to do the right thing.
enjoy your remaining time cause next year it's coming to an end with next election.
not gonna happen, just more Winning. Undid unnecessary coal regulations yesterday. People getting back to work. Pruitt next
#NeverGiveUp
You go Girl! You got this, and we got you!
Thank you, @SenKamalaHarris!
From a constituent.
Thank you Senator Harris! #holdthefloor #pollutingPruitt
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris !  So proud to have you representing my state in the Senate!
yay you for my email, postcard and phone call! Thank you Ms. Harris, Pruitt is not the person for the job.
Resist!
thank u!
Thank you for protecting the planet. Let us hope there are a few republicans who care about the air we breathe.
block his approval by any means necessary! Pruitt will cause the deaths of millions and irreparable environmental damage
Thank you! @SenKamalaHarris
thank you
thank you Senator!
#nopruitt Thank you, Senator.
thank you!!!!!
please vote no!!
Thank you for voting against Pruitt!
#holdthefloor
thank you for fighting on our world's behalf!
Fight the good fight! Hold out until his emails with oil/gas companies come to light! #ResistTrump #holdthefloor
Definitely worth an all-nighter! America First! We'll destroy the other countries' resources later! Vote him down.
@SierraClub don't stopppppp!
Thank you!!
Thank you.
please postpone the vote and review Pruitt's email! We can't drink or eat money. #holdthefloor
The socialists in Venezuela have been eating their dogs for a year now. For fido's sake; Drill baby drill!
"Information is the currency of democracy" Thomas Jefferson #holdthefloor
and Misinformation has left Libs emotionally bankrupt
Mahalo Plenty!
Thank you for your efforts to delay this vote. We must see the emails before there is a vote.
THANK YOU!!!!!
@SierraClub  thank you
thank you!
he's a danger to science and the EPA #Resist
Please get on the two D clowns who are planning to approve Pruitt.
Now, which is the party of "No"?
@UndergroundSch2 our prayers are with you & all fighting the tyrants in DC!
Great work Senator!  Thank you.
- @scottpruittok is going to be awesome at @EPA. He needs to fire about 90% of the employees.
@ Thank you, Senator Harris!
thank you in behalf of American people.
why did you block the investigation of Mnuchin's bank for mortgage fraud in California?
@DianaHollins thank you!
good luck and thank you
We have only one Earth and no amount of increased business or better economy will EVER change that. ClearAIR and CleanWater
Thanks Senator!
Thank you, Senator Harris.
From San Jose - thank you!
Thank you for standing up for the environment and voting No on Pruitt when it's time to vote. You're doing a great job!
Watched you. Beautifully said. Calm, but full of important points.
good luck but I fear the opposite side have all taken their" follow the leader" pill already.
Thank you Keep up the difficult work
#ShePersisted
Thank you!  Anti-environment Pruitt should not head EPA!
yes!!
Keep it up, Senator!
Thank you!
thank you
Just to be clear, you're okay with a man who's suing the EPA, to run it?
Please fight for us. We need dems to stop being polite...interrupt, groan....adopt a dominant posture & scream out if u can
Senator Harris keep up the good work. We are behind u 100%
Regarding the environment, what has she got wrong?
Knock em dead
You are taking the US by storm! Saw you speak @womensmarch and hope you are ready to run in 2020. We need you!
Thank you! We are with you!
I WILL PRAY VERY HARD
yaassss!
