It’s Thursday. How many people have lost their healthcare today?
Not Al Franken. Just get government out of healthcare. Secure the border and keep ISIS the hell out.
So you're for people losing healthcare?  Also, what are your thoughts on Hobby Lobby funding ISIS?
I'm for a healthcare system that works, which is why the govt should stay out. If Hobby Lobby is funding ISIS, I'm not going to shop there.
Agree to disagree but yes, Hobby Lobby has been buying antiquities for years from Iraq. Check out their statement. No joke.
Not as many as under obama
a whole because they can't afford it
Ball's in your court. BURY this thing! BURY IT DEEP!!!!!!
Al Franken is a clown. He should come up with a healthcare scam that he has to use also.
Holy shit.  Get some Ocean Potion for that burn.
What's it like watching members of Congress vote to kill people and being gleeful about it?
What a load of horseshit. Do you know how many had no coverage day before yesterday? The same number as today.
jajajaj Al is #lying to you! If you don't have #insurance & you have a #heartattack walk into any #ER They will heal you. Jajajaja 
Thanks for fighting sir. I am one of the millions. Don't give up.
Hey max, google is your friend. Congress and their staffs have ACA through the DC exchange.
Thanks to the Dems disaster called the ACA or Obama Care, I no longer have my policy, which I had for over 20 years.  Thanks for nothing, Al
Why? Did Congress do something?
No more than have already lost it because it's so unaffordable. Fuck YOU, AL.
Hope everybody lose health care. why don't you get on the same plan
What are you worried about? You didn't. Oh wait, you don't even have the same thing.
What health care? 5k$ deductible for 10k$ per year is not health care. MD visits down bcs of deductible.ACA failure.
Just you I hope.
I think someone needs to play @realDonaldTrump the "I'm just a bill song" so he understands that the Devastation is yet to come.
It's Friday, how many people have lost their healthcare today?
The best thing that @PutinRF_Eng GOT WAS THAT HE DIVIDED AMERICA. NOW DEMOCRATS AND REPUBLICANS CAN'T AGREE ON ANYTHING.  2 MUCH GOVERNMENT.
Senator, please don't let these crooks rob us of our healthcare. Please tell us what to do to stop them & this nightmare
I did

Voices of liberation,

can't be silenced,…
I'm sure Americans will do great under the new "Thoughts & Prayers" health plan, also known as AHCA. 



#GOPOS
All I can say is just wow!
Keep fighting for MN - we support You! Independents r on your side.
Me probably, I'm 58 with 6 plus years till Medicare. I truly doubt I'll make it. Oh, and I'm a college edu middle class American. W/out hope
How many people couldn't afford their health care today ,because of Obamacare.
My mom
@realDonaldTrump Donald you are a mean and hateful individual.
Incredible.
@pm14 Al, is it ok if a senator calls the president an asshole to his face?
I'm ok with it
Excellent find!
What happened to decency? Disgusted with 217 reps! We ALL must lose our health care-including our elected officials!
Hey Trump. What do you care?
24 million
You republicans make a mess then yell IT'S A MESS create a,problem the,complain about problem you make.
Thanks Al.  Please keep fighting.  I support you.
Senator we r counting on u and dems in the Senate to stop Trump and this nonsense! Save us!
I'd like an answer to that question!
24 million this time.
Drama Queen

@realDonaldTrump well none yet but it's coming. Senate has all the power now to stop it and fix it. Send up a true fixit bill
Not yet, but if it passes Bye Bye.
Unreal!
I cannot until next election
Well that depends on how many more states insurers pulled out of ocare
Stupid Democrats they're gonna lose again
Who has healthcare not me 9yrs
BEST........TWEET.......EVER!!!! 
50,000,000? More?
No body idiot. It passed ONLY The House.
It is amazing how he *LITERALLY* has an anti-tweet for everything he does in office...
If you like your doctor you can keep them #tbt
we can throw back to your pathetic days of staring in amirror after u got coked up and playing stuart smiley.
Mr franken, please answer the question!!
Me and my pre existing condition are celebrating! Back to the good ole days before Obamacare. #AHCA #RepealAndReplace
The new normal is #insanity
Please keep fighting. How do we stop the constant lying by republicans. Us lying now acceptable. Shall we tell our kids to lie now
@ChrisVanHollen let's try and be a little honest American people know you are lying ---Obama care was a big lie hurting everyone
Sen. Frankenstein please Stop the health bill in the Senate
I hope the "Frankenstein" is a spellchecker error.
@ChrisVanHollen OBAMACARE IS A FAILED PROJECT OF THE WASTEFUL LEFT ... MORE PEOPLE PASSED ON IT THAN SIGNED UP FOR IT.,, LOSER
Bernie,  what's the address where the rock you live under is? I'll try to send help.
If you wanted to be useful, you would have made the appropriate fixes to OCARE before he left office.
@ChrisVanHollen Democrats criticizing healthcare, now that's funny. Especially after I lost my plan, doctor & up $7500 not saved $2500.
Are y'all stupid?
This guy's tweets don't age well, there'a a contradiction for every occasion.
Maybe U should help Republicans & POTUS instead of FUCKING OVER THE AMERICAN PEOPLE.
Hopefully only you, and your job.  Smile!
More than realize it now. I remember the day when people had to sue insurance companies to get medicine or care that could save their lives
Anyone with serious pre existing like HIV
It will be millions. We will give you a better count in 2018. Coincidentally that is when the voters will get to show their disapproval.
Is Trump mocking those unfortunate enough to be losing their health care and /or essential services?  Bully-in-Chief
It's an old tweet, but like many of his old tweets critical of the previous admin it applies doubly to his own.
I can't count over the cheering
What two Dems voted for this?
About 24 million, Donnie, thanks to you and your heartless GOP comrades
Make sure the buck stops in your half of the Congress, Senator. A lot of people are counting on you.
I lost mine that day, as well as my job you schmuck a $$ has been!
24 million at least. Please build a wall to stop this insanity.
Savage.
My son for one. So the GOP wants my son to be a prisoner of health care costs for his entire life. He's 18. Y must he choose
it's Thursday - how many US personnel have not killed in Benghazi ? #hillarylied
What are we going to do? Deep cuts to special needs children? Disgusting.
I know 2 many who will be immediately affected by this Senator - my kids, grandkids, 2 yound ladies I know just diagnosed with cancer!! 
Today? Over #24Million thanks to the #HeartlessGOP #HypocriticalGOP #evilGOP!

& health in general? There is a medical term TNTC, too numerous to count
Trump resisters, SCREWED!
Nice one Lance
The RyanTrumpGOPDoesntCareIfYouDie Plan! #Heartless #NoCompassion #LackofEvenBasicDecency
24 million.
More
Even if this somehow gets watered down amd passes Senate please tell me it ends up in Supreme Court.
The question should be how many people will you lose their health care under Trumpcare.
Please do not pass the AHCA in the Senate.
I want single payer! Work on that!
I have a pre-existing now! I have skin cancer! My deductible is barely manageable but no insurance at all IS A PROBLEM! STOP THESE MANIACS!
Around 24 million and WE WONT FORGET!!!  #2018 #RESIST
You better see to it that we don't! Counting on the senate to end this . House republicans cruelly out of touch with reality.
Put a microphone in trumps big mouth and make him tell all Americans the specifics of his wealthcare bill!!Let's hear what knows!!Nothing???
Wealthcare. That is a good name for it. It has taken much wealth, many years to fuck up healthcare and keep poor people from getting it.
@realDonaldTrump Today the House just lifted off the lid of the Ark of the Covenant.  Let's see what they've won!
Don probably thinks you're talking about Noah's Ark.
Grotesque !......@HouseGOP taking selfies...singing & celebrating...they work 4 the ppl not @realDonaldTrump..what were they promised ?
Block it in the Senate @alfranken ! Please spare us all.
My heart hurts 
Al,life just got very real and hopeless for so many Americans,elderly, & young familys just starting out. This was irresponsible & shameful!
Make them regret it sir
@realDonaldTrump  I understand about 24 million, give or take...
I hope he let's us know how many at the party. Why wait for the CBO score.
When we realize the president is mocking those who are sick,  just like he did with a disabled journalist. What a wreck of a human being.
There truly is a @realDonaldTrump tweet for every occasion.
When does the CBO score come out?
Been on Obamacare for 4 yrs, Started great, then lost my doctor first then went to only one choice in my state and have a 5000 deductable
Millions lost their healthcare, doctors and jobs thanks to Obamacare. My how that minor issue is conveniently forgotten. Goodbye COMMUNISM.
Apparently all of us....except the rich and so called privileged.
You.
Another Trump tweet that didn't age well.
24 million +/- 

oh, except for those who exempted themselves
he should be ashamed of himself that orange russian villain
Blessings on you and your staff and all your family for always making choices that support me, my family, my neighborhood and MN.
Sometimes it's not enough
Ugh. #VoteNoAHCA
Another tweet that didn't age well. It's crazy how his previous tweets are almost psychic, down to the day of the week. @POTUS
Millions of his lemmings.
still needs to pass the Senate, right? Please get busy...
Disgusting being, isn't he? 2014 flip flop 2017!
I can't believe this is the U. S.of A..
Please don't get on that bus. He is yanking you all around and you guys look foolish.
i lost it 8 years ago, thanks obamacare
Ugh. I know I can rely on you and @amyklobuchar to fight this in the Senate. Thank you.
Zero
It's just a game to Trump and he wants to win at any cost. Now he's suckered the rest of GOP into playing along.
When you going on Saturday night live?
Could have a new Old career.
#Franken2020
Franken/Warren 2020: Make America Nutty Again
Only 24 Million plus
Nah.
My father likely did. What happens to a man with a heart transplant who can no longer work due to his health?
Thank you! For all you do! For the smile you give me; helps thru the ... #RememberThe217
Perfect 
Sick burn.
Just the NASTY REPUBLICANS??
It just sickens me the way trump bullies people and they cave
Many states that will lose in 2018.
We'll find out after that CBO report comes out
Who knows.. no info...
Millions #NoAHCA
Proud to have voted for you. A senator with integrity, and an excellent troll master to boot!

Voices of liberation,

can't be silenced,…
