But how do you know if you haven't seen it?
Indeed you should know "mean" since #zionism has a hammer lock on your votes & your career. Put MD first,  racist Israel last. Thanks.
Zionism/raism: The Israel Electric Corp has reduced electricity to Gaza; 2 million residents have access only 2-3 hours every 24.
Stop pretending you care care more about people than found politics. Your hypocrisy is the only transparent thing about you.
Obamacare was a fraudulent scheme that collapsed on itself. So not only was it "mean" it was theft.
Prove it!
It is mean, without empathy for anyone, but self and the rich. They all profess to be believers. If so, I hang with Jesus.
Chris,how much blood can you get from the American Tax Payer? We have to save some money somewhere. Where is your plan. Obamacare is failed.
Very clever. What progress will you work on disrupting today?
And your ACA burden so many Americans and it's collapsing, what's your ideas? That's right you have none.
Ha!l  Let them eat  he tells himself in the mirror. At least once a day.  Then dons his  and drops a curtsy.  
Stop using fear tactics and work with Republican and #MAGA! Take high road. Americans keep voting GOP.  South Carolina & Georgia! #doyourjob
My daughter requires a ventilator and 24/7 care. Medicaid cuts and ACA dismantling put her and the most vulnerable at risk #Americaspeaksout
Don't listen to the Dems. they want to scar people. it will not hurt you. Medicaid will not be cut, read the bill. God bless you.
Republicans, you supposed to represent your constituents, not sell your vote or vote to repeal a bill the was passed by an African American.
@SenSchumer It should be callled HELL CARE.....that's what Trump will need, HIMSELF, where he's going, after this madness!

Chuck I think you are mean to the American people by first committing to work with the-president a then committing to obstruct everything
How do you know it's "mean" if you have not read it? Oh. Took a tip from @NancyPelosi!
Do not let it pass.
#AmericaSpeaksOut 
I have two disabled children and a single mother of 3.
I would not be able to pay for their medical needs without our #Affordable care act please fight for us
You are full of it ! You'll see the bill tomorrow. Remember(R) didn't have input into ACA.What's good for the goose is good for the gander.

And Obamacare was just fine? No one wants your lousy input. Y'all created the mess we're in.Govt has no business being in health INSURANCE.
It's what the people want. Those who don't have $ must die. It's the way of life under the Republicans.
5.7 Million Noncitizens Cast Illegal Votes https://www.infowars.com/new-study-supports-trump-5-7-million-noncitizens-may-have-cast-illegal-votes/ … #WednesdayWisdom #MAGA
Just heard you on TV and want to thank you for your reassurance re the voting in Ga., etc. I appreciate your good work!!! 
Oshitcare killed people! Fact ! 118%increase in AZ I couldn't afford it ! Then u fine those who can't . FAIR? NO !
U GIVE ILLEGALS FREE CARE
You the DEMS lost another on last night, don't you think it's time to talk?
How do you know if no one has read it??
25M+ w/o HC, did the GOP & CBO take into account the HC worker who would loose their jobs and their HC, a domino effect we all loose.
Breaking News!!!! Meltdown coming with Schmuck Schumer....Tears coming...get the Popcorn ready!!!!
Where is @TheDemocrats' PLAN TO FIX OBAMACARE? A MODERATE plan could get SOME republican support. Don't just obstruct!
Shut down billionCounsel
Give213M hungry children 
Start working 4taxpayers 
Getting mad
Sick of petty politics
Soo negative#you are a leader of our American destruction . Get on board the train of hope!
Well said Chris that type of backdoor politics is a disgrace to all Americans. 
Well said Chris. That Backdoor politicing is a disgrace to all Americans.

Blah blah blah goes to the obstructionist
You need to agree with the people and do what they put you in office to do!
ObamaCare was a plot to help the middle class decline: https://www.youtube.com/edit?o=U&video_id=B_5N9smnAPw …
Cry me a river, Chuckles.
Americans have become mean, and small, nasty and selfish. We need to find our better selves.
Are you a "nasty woman"?
Neanderthals who will bear major brunt of it dont care. They keep voting GOP, so far winning 4 of latest elections. Very sad affair
How's that obstruction working out for you? Repubs 5-0 in Special Elections...Winning!!
If it's being kept a secret, how do you know it's mean?
Didn't even know this idiot was still alive.
Great victory in Georgia, but the Democrats are just to stupid to get what is going on.
Are you talking about the disaster passed eight years ago.

The OBAMA Admin healthcare act collapsed our healthcare in this country! Thanks Obama #RedNationRising
How many dems are up for re-election in 2018? Can't wait to win those seats as well. potus IS making America great again.
Not as mean as asking us Americans who bust our asses everyday to pay for Healthcare for those who sit home collecting well fare #MAGA
Or illegals!
Not near as mean as the ACA. Your bill is bankrupting family's.
I'm in Chapter 13 from OBAMA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This is your travesty, no one else. BAD Legislation no one can afford. Shame on you.
You and your party caused this travesty and all the other people who can't afford healthcare. SHAME ON YOU!!!
What will stop this soul-crushing bill is moment Ethical Republicans join ethical Democrats 2 halt destruction of healthcare lives depend on
Aww Chuck, you lost 2 more elections.
But @potus is going to make it better. @amyklobuchar work with @realDonaldTrump
Sadly I've come to realize that @POTUS calling AHCA bill "mean" indicates he is 100% behind this bill.He likes 'mean'. We're rubes to him
Chris, what you don't get is he wasn't criticizing the bill, he was congratulating them for it. If anything it probably wasn't mean enough.
We should go ahead with OPERATION SLEDGEHAMMER. We can completely destroy the Democrat party. 75% of whites support us.
Where is the Democratic party' repair and fix of the ACA.  That's what we need to show people.  How can we fix ACA?  People need to see it!

It is just mean that u take all that money for doing NOTHING and then u get to retire and take even more while we just don't have any money
The only thing that's mean is leaving NObamacare in place. Bye, bye NObamacare.
Idiot
Republicans are winning ELECTIONS, loser, what are you winning???????????maybe a jail term I hope
Stop trying to win over Romney moms and be real FDR Democrats!
No meaner than thousands losing hc bc of Obamacare making companies bankrupt
Beautiful victory in Georgia tonight chucky. Try not to cry
I'm changing my mind about Russia Russia Russia 
Mantra seems 2 work
For GOP
Van Hollen, what are you, Schumer's twin? You Dems are really screwed up!
Too bad Chuckie Republicans are beating you again in Georgia, no one wants lazy resisting Democrats
Liar and hypocrite.  Shame on democraps!
Mean does not cover it! It is criminal!!!
Lol ok
Aren't you that arrogant AH
The shame of it was Trump pushed this through with his blind sheep and knew Mitch the bitch will in secret get it passed. #WeHaveNoChance
#HoldTheFloor  Withhold consent and have 1000s of amendments ready for reconciliation.  @SenSchumer @SenatorCardin
BS Dems are done
Kick'em in the teeth awesome???
"Elections Have Consequences" - Barack Hussein Obama, 2009.
Hollen should get out of politics, been in it to long.
saw you on @pbsnewshour . Thank you for your work to #SaveOurCare !
Corrupt democrat
Thank you for calling out the voodoo math in your PBS interview!
that's pretty big of you,...but you haven't read the bill - have you? So stop FEAR MONGERING
Senator, you swore you would not participate in producing an alternative to Obamacare and you said you haven't read the bill. Where's mean?
LIAR, You haven't even seen it.
Stop it the only reason we are in this place with Healthcare is because you and the Dems screwed up with Obamacare
C'mon, he didn't mean, mean. He meant mean as in badass!  Don;t you guys understand doofus english  
Ty sir for the fight. This cannot be allowed to happen,  especially by an administration under investigation
Traitor
Trump won't let citizens die that's complete total utter BULL$H!T MAGA *+*
"means" business MAGA no time to debate investigate delay obstruct get 2business give us health nopropaganda Trump wants best 4 citizens
But he said that as throw away to divert attention. Possibly to take credit while letting @SenateMajLdr play in his own shit in boys room.
Fight back instead
Yea, fight the failing Obamacare, this way no one will have insurance. #IgnorantDemocrat
Stop trying to pander. It's sad. Repubs don't believe it & Dems are disgusted.
Love you, Chris van Hollen!
Schumer your going to be History next Election!
How did he see it when chuck said it's done in secret? Dopey folk can't get their lies straight.
But Chuckie you just RT saying you never saw th Bill!
Which is it? Ones a Lie!
13 times last night on the Senate floor, we asked for @SenateGOP to #ShowUsTheBill. 13 times, @SenateMajLdr refused. 
Please. He had a beer fest when it passed the house. 
Dems passed OBAMACARE at midnight b4 Christmas & it collapsed our healthcare in this country! Wake the hell up Dems destroyed healthcare
Dimms' identity politics are more important than the health of Americans!

The legal lynching of #PhilandoCastile. Video just released today. 

An abomination. This officer is a murderer. Philando…
Careful Senator the Republicans will use that in your next election that you agree with Trump
Doesn't matter, if you haven't noticed we are not electing Democrats anymore! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! GO POTUS!!!!!
We are going to get rid of all the dems, hopefully they will take hillary and all the fans with them as they go. #MAGA  and straight again
I feel like I'm drowning. #AmericaSpeaksOut 
Wealthiest nation on earth can't spare $ for it's own ppl to have health care, only privileged.
Nit our job to care for everyone. I'm sorry but I have a family I need to care tor
As a Maryland Voter & Navy Veteran Please oppose Trumpcare, I also hope you will push for single payer!
How to contact your Senator https://www.senate.gov/senators/contact/ …
Thank you Senator. Everyone needs to call their Senators, especially Republicans & tell them we don't want to loose the ACA,we want it fixed
Nice to get Subsidy for HC. Not great for middle class Families. High Prem, deductables = No Care
Now you know how the rest of us felt when OBAMA Admin pushed down our throats the unconstitutional ACA!
Obama destroyed a good decent healthcare system. Yes costs always go up but his plan was Not about health ins. It's is about Gov control.
And in the Senate the bill is being written in secret. No hearings, no mark up and no public discourse. What a joke.
Republicans were locked out of the room while Dems planed Obamacare. Don't you remember that or have you such a short memory. Locked door
Planned.
