WSJ: Trump admin set to roll back an Obama-era rule that required employee health benefits to include contraception. https://www.wsj.com/articles/obama-era-contraception-rule-set-to-be-rolled-back-by-trump-1502915031?mod=e2tw …
Agreed...as long as you don't advocating putting a gun to my head and me paying for it.
Women demand men's health -Viagra, vasectomy, prostate, hernia- no longer be covered by insurance. Suffer with symptoms until too late TFB
The neutering of the male is not surprising...
You think vasectomy is neutering? You don't have pets? Speak English? Neutering is *removal* of balls. Women decide, like men do for women
I was referring to the neutering of fortitude, not literally. As in constant male bashing. As to pets, the gonads are removed.
Perhaps I misunderstood your point.
So you think having your boss pay for the pill is women making their own choices? My wife says that includes you too
AMEN!! I mean... AWOMEN!! Thank you @ChrisVanHollen
0 babies killed during an abortion. Baby refers to one who has been born.
It stops a beating heart! Wake up!
Humans can live with an artificial heart, Not so with an artificial brain.
Abortion is killing and you know it and selling baby parts so cruel
Some people also say type 2 diabetes is the result of poor lifestyle choices. Why should we pay for those meds?
And not be funded by the U.S. Citizens via taxes.
And it shouldn't be funded through our tax dollars either.
Mr. VanHollen, Your defintion of reproductive health is sick.  Please document your rationale and define your logic.
When does the child created get a choice? Isn't the very first American freedom "life"?
Down with Planned Parenthood &now no contraceptive coverage. Hope Republicans are lined up to adopt all of those drug &unwanted babies.
ALL will give account one day. It is  never right to take the life of the unborn.
Congrats on writing a great house tweet! http://greathousetweets.measuredvoice.com/ChrisVanHollen/status/898947226445127680 … (Ranked 7th for Aug 19.)
So YOU will decide when THEY can do that, and how? Got it. #fascist
Please ACT to protect women!
Women can still decide as always. The rest of us just won't be forced to do pay for those choices.
Who knew "decide" meant "get others to pay for"
Good to know
What do you exactly mean by "reproductive health choices"?
Individuals should always be able to make their own health choices. Giving the government that power is dangerous.
Who died and made you God Van Holden?
This is about power. Remember Iran and Afganistán the 70's?
Health choices! you wouldnt even let a woman have her own record of accomplishments! You let a man dictate lies about her instead!
Employers not paying for that is not taking away women's right to kill their children.
Dear Chris Van Hollen , question - fight back against what , people refusing to play the " pay for other people's medical costs " game ?
That's right Chris, keep on killing babies.
Correct !  And either you or they should pay for it. NOT US.
Yes I agree  thanks Chris !!!!!
This man in the picture was more sane than our president.Ran things the same way. Same EGO. Comfortable?
Yes but abortion they should pay for it
Women can choose. I just don't want to pay for it.
Yes, and it takes more white guys to come out and stand up for women's rights!
Don't want a baby? Use protection or keep your legs closed. #CommonSense #Accountability
They are working so hard to take away everyone's rights/care!women, poor, seniors, disabled! WH of hate to people!
What a day we live in people pet their Tom Cats and poodle dogs and kill their babies
Nor the government helping them with our tax money or protection. Its all not selective. I and many are on board with u.
murdering babies is not arrived a liberty for a choice it's murder and you will answer for it someday
Men do Not have right to tell women what  to do with their bodies!  When women block men from their bodies, they will change the conversati
While we are busy marching to protect our freedoms, this admin is behind closed doors rolling back our liberties.
Cut the crap. 
What you mean is you want to be able to KILL BABIES up to the MOMENT OF THEIR BIRTH.
It's not 'health' to MURDER innocents.
"fight back" is inflammatory. How about: We must convince others that our position on issue is best. @RepRaskin @RichMadaleno
Hey Chris, how do you feel about taxpayers paying 100% of abortion costs for all including illegals? The law now in Oregon
If all else fails, make them remove erectile disfunction pills from the coverage as well. See how many votes it gets then.
But insurance will still cover ED pills like cialis and viagra right? Asking for a friend. #Pence #Trump #GOP #FakeReligion
So sex should be regulated by the gov. If that isn 't the cat's meow. #MdSocialist
Thank you, Senator! As one of your constituents, I'm happy to hear you say this.
I damn sure would rather have contraception than abortion.
birth control prevents abortions - isn't that what the so called "party of life" wants? The GOP is not the party of life, they are anti sex.
Exactly! And if they were so "pro life" they should be cheering PP and contraception instead of trying to defund it.
If you want to sleep with whoever, it's your responsibility to foot the bill. No one wants to pay for your birth control or abortion
Look a "righteous" one has showed up I don't know why women rights issues always attract the most vile ignorant trolls 
BOT
USA the only country where women fight for the "right" to kill their own children 
What a day we live in pet their Tom Cats and poodle dogs and kill their babies
Chris, are you sad the wise President Trump's judges will phase out hateful, anti-woman practice known as abortion? #MAGA
Yes, Chris! Democrats should UPHOLD WOMEN's REPRODUCTIVE  FREEDOM unashamedly We splinter if we DO ANY LESS.
Absolutely. Just don't ask me to pay for their fun.
You never have paid for it. Stop relying on Fox for your intel.
Oh really? Why are my premiums up 400%? What about Oregon where 100% of abort costs now must be paid by insurers and taxpayers for illegals?
You have made me VERY proud! So glad I voted for you!!! #MDVoter
Wise President Trump's judges shall end vile, anti-woman practice known as abortion. #MAGA
And only a group of old men get to decide.
