Silly comment. If GoP retreats, ObamaCare will implode. Dems have proposed repairs, just pandering to you and other 'dependents'.
Obamacare is ok. It's GOP/Trump willing to put payments that put program at risk. Don't you think tax money should be spent on us, not war?
Healthcare is not a 'right'. I don't want us to subsidize each other's healthcare. Get a job and afford your own.
Even with a full time job at min wage premiums are too high. We have never had full employment, so what about the 5-10% who cannot get jobs?
Capitalism has lifted more free people higher than any other 'system', including government subsidies. We must not surrender it.
First, then stop Trump from surrendering it. Second, and more important, I'm tired of getting trickled on.
Our public social programs are 'trickle down' too. How much of our taxes really feed the poor compared to local donations for same?
Ah. I see. "Trickle down for rich" = good, "trickle down for poor" = bad. Thanks for clarifying.
How about government getting out of the Health Insurance business?
How about insurance companies, which perform no medical function, just a profit-making one, getting out of my health care?
I trust you will drop any other coverage you may have, car, home, mortgage, renters, or life insurance.
Pat attention. Those aren't medical.
If you don't like the insurance model get out. That's the point. Pay attention
I wanted to say Ty for your budget discussion with #MickMulvaney I am in my 4th appeal for SSI & he is extremely disruptive to my well being
Since he has taken over these things I can honestly say I feel worse & I am seeing my therapist more often. Again ty for standing up to him
@ChrisMurphyCT explains how #Obamacare isn't dying Trump is purposefully killing it
@AIIAmericanGirI People who legitimately need Medicaid should have it; those who don't, but get it, should be turned in by their neighbors!
I was invited to your grand opening tomorrow,but I can't find the will to leave my room.WH cruel & treasonous
ACA is killing working citizens only folks not working loves ACA cause they get it free
Wouldn't it make more sense to have an insurance pool for people with pre-existing conditions?
That's what existed before the ACA and besides the long waiting lists, the premiums were so high only wealthy w preex conds cld afford it.
Carol, you are an inspiration. Thank you!
The Russians and Trump are behind this!...( my top secret anonymous sources said so)
Hope this lady does ok, but the message is blatantly false. She voluntarily dropped insurance. But under new law she could still be covered
Not w/a pre-existing condition she isn't. And Trumpcare make pre-ex very easy 2 B disqualified for.
I don't want a $16k premium.
Carol stop lying to make Trump look bad. If you had insurance when you started your business you would have been allowed to continue with it
Wow. Awesome! I've be tweeting all day Senator, all over the country, to try to help. Thank you for your efforts.
GO ON THE OFFENSIVE! SUPPORT MEDICARE FOR ALL, SAVE $1 TRILLION, and have EVERY AMERICAN BEHIND YOU! Dems could SWEEP 2018!
This is what Chris calls good healthcare.
I am a nurse and if you think Obamacare is good, you are delusional and terribly misinformed. #Trumpcare has my vote.
Plating on a stpothet sory 3 push a dying polocy. Like the dinosaurs under sever condo the went extinct.
@ChrisVanHollen @SenSchumer
Why aren't you working to fix the issues of high deductibles, high office visits & high cost of prescription drugs? Stop using people.
And fight like hell for SINGLE PAYER!  Even my Trump voting elderly parents finally admitted that the best solution...
(And that shocked the hell out of me)
Aw, that is AWESOME!  They saw the light on that particular issue #SinglePayer    Your tweet made my night!and yes, we must FIGHT LIKE HELL
Oh I wouldn't go that far - they're still republicans and I don't know whether they still support trump. They just hate their Rx bills.
Actually pretty typically GOP: "I hate big government except when I need it to take care of me, fuck all the rest of y'all"
Then support Medicare for all
They are signing her death warrant.
Then go to single payer.  To subsidize Medicaid the rest of us can't afford our insurance.
Americans deserve universal healthcare
RepealACA NOW - Obamacare destroyed my healthcare - cannot afford to manage my RA - you suck @SenSchumer
It's in the Senate's hands now - you keep the pressure up on the 13 member Senate panel & I'll continue to protest and resist!
Just this week 2 patients with H Insurance could not get surgery cause out of pocket cost over $10k.  Mnth premium $400. Rep. & Replace ACA
This week, 20 million people have health care who didn't have it before the ACA.
If you want to make health care better, improve the ACA.
Due to Obama, I HAVE NO INSURANCE. MIDDLE CLASS IS SCREWED, CHUCKLES. Screw you!
Same as having squirrels eating ur house 2 irreparable repair. Holding onto an imploding AMA, shows u care 4 us
@ChrisVanHollen @SenSchumer
Lets have Obamacare... wait.. its dead
People are dying under Obamacare
Everything is still Obamacare until further notice and so whatever is going wrong ITS STILL OBAMACARE
Dems have to be louder than this! Senate GOP is secretly meeting to prepare for ACA repeal. You guys need to urge people to organize & 
I have a feeling they're going to surprise us with a vote just like at the house. When is the vote & when does CBO score come out?
But AZnans with MS don't matter? Can't get their treatments, tests, and some meds because they can't afford deductables??
Because Obamacare is sooo wonderful. You Fools!
I was uninsurable before obamacare- I couldn't afford the deductible of ACA, stayed uninsured- cheaper out of pocket. ACA no catastrophic
Yeah, let's just keep what you morons laid on us... and thank you for it also, I suppose...
ACA totally devastated me when I lost my coverage thru the md high risk pool since their coverage failed to meet aca coverage rules
OBAMA LEAKED: Trump is Pres. He has this right to say what's classified and what's not. Obama broke the Law.
@SenSchumer really. You all know it needs reform. Please stop the crap
Obamacare is failing open your eyes. No insurance providers will be covering it so what then.
This made me tear up. My son will be uninsurable at the age of 22.
they are all brain washed
You guys love spending everyone's money but your own. How about making a donation, yourselves? Good idea? Hide amongst your fellow electeds.
Part of my speech in DC about my medically fragile child and how #AHCA would harm her https://twitter.com/nataliew1020/status/863226251548520448 …

Let the Constitution be damned. And you pretend to do what's good for the American people. For shame.
YOU and your golden gavel and "Yes We Can" chants own the healthcare mess and the skyrocketing premiums.
Look how the DNC colluded on the Russia Theory during the Campaign. Emails don't lie.

https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/4651 …
Look at all the Democrats Lobbyist with Russia. The only ppl connected to Russia is the Dems.
So what is your option now - so few insurance companies - no choice and no coverage!
The only ppl connected to Russia is the Dems. HRC got 100m from ( MOSCOW) bk in 2016.
Taxes healthcare jobs immigration stop the obstruction
Fight all you want. I can see your future from here !
@MaxineWaters @SenWarren @MariaTCardona @ananavarro @JoyAnnReid @donlemon @RepCummings @Acosta @CharlesMBlow @BethW_NoTrump @DavidCornDC
My sister has just been diagnosed with cancer for the 8th time! She can't afford insurance if the ACA is discontinued!
You don't know that. Many with cancer right NOW can't afford care because deductibles too high&ACA is making them sicker&praying ACA gone
Why not hear my story? My daughter will never be free from hospital bills because of OBAMACARE!! She's had serious surgeries
Then find a way to pay for O'care!
Yeah, lower premiums and a deductible less than $10,000 is a bad idea. Get a clue.
You guys are so crooked
I think you mean Ryan-Trump Care don't you?
why would she lose her healthcare if she has no gap in her coverage? Medicaid is there for those who really need it.
More liberal propaganda. Wake up there is a WAR being waged against US CITIZENS by the dishonest liberal politicians & media.
Let's see how much coverage she will have once Obamacare Implodes. SOMEBODIES R SUBSIDIZING HER AND THOSE SOMEBODIES R RUNNING OUT OF MONEY!
You must be crazy. Anything he does is better than the obama care Albert had
Awwww NOT!
Shut up chris
Just think then people will not have any insurance as Obama has failed & is gone in a lot of places & will soon be gone in all locations
You are lieing you would not lose your medicaid. Where do you come up with these stories?
You better start learning history before you start throwing stones but I forget it's only OK for the Clintons and the Obamas to do things
Hey Schumer Brock Obama shared intelligence with the Russians on June 30 of 2015 about Syria that was OK
What the heck does Trump have to do with this? This happened in Obama's watch !
Well, now we know they have MS Paint in Russia. Not even the GOP bots give shit anymore. Sad.
Thank you
I don't recall you showing stories of people like me that were hurt by O'care. Govt should stay out of health care.
Carol's story reminds us that we must have #MedicareForAll now. Medicaid must be folded into Medicare. MD wants to know your position?
