@realDonaldTrump has given us another #GoldmanSachs #SwampCabinet pick. #ForeclosureKing
You have a 100% voting record by NARAL.Thats all that's needed to know about you.
As a resident of southern Maryland, thanks for fighting against that nominee.
Excellent description of Spicer using past administrations intelligence problems as excuse to do NOTHING
@SenateDems the swamp is filled now to the brim!
Thank you, Senator!
And glad to hear Puzder is  probably withdrawing.
thank you for representing the values of Marylanders
thank you!!!
.... Sen Van Hollen... Do all you can to delay vote on Pruitt....at least until you can review his emails.
Dear @ChrisVanHollen , question - are you implying that you , a Maryland politican , are somehow different ?
have you made a statement on Pruitt? If not, I urge you to vote no. #savetheEPA
GLAD ur vote didn't count.
Great!  Now, demand an investigation of Flynn and the Trump Admin's Russian ties.  It is a mature of national security!
Thank you! I know it's tough right now; your constituents are behind you!
@SenateDems Thank you. SO glad you are representing me and my family from the great state of Maryland!
Thank you Senator.  Please continue to stand up against nominees who want to destroy what has been achieved.
Thank you!!
You mean I don't have to angry-call your office to get u to do the sensible, decent thing? Good heavens,how frightfully dull
as a Maryland voter thank you so much! #resist
@SenateDems that's the way sir. Keep it up, we're behind you and aren't going anywhere
There's a "smoking gun" at the WH. Investigate! Be focused and lead.
Thanks, @ChrisVanHollen. Where do you stand on #Pruitt? Will you join @SenatorCardin to seek a delay? #resist #cleanwater

~Your constituent
Thank you for your service to our community!
Thank you! Your constituent at zip code 21013!
what the hell!
Thanks for calling it like you see it. TRUMPLAND doesn't give a damn about working Americans.
love IT! I am wealthy!
Congrats on writing a great house tweet! http://greathousetweets.measuredvoice.com/ChrisVanHollen/status/831279911407144960 … (Ranked 15th for Feb 13.)
Keep fighting the good fight. Thank you.
Of course you are,...ALL Dems vote No on ALL President Trump appointments. It's pathetic partyline politics!
Go Senator Van Hollen!  Thank you from a constituent!
Thank you for a "no" on #Mnuchin.
@SenateDems Your No votes are duly noted see you in 2018, 2020, 2022, 2024 etc
when "Trump" lies, one should lie big, and stick to it. They keep up their lies, even at the risk of looking ridiculous.
This constituent thanks you for continuing to fight the good fight.
Thank you for being my senator. And thank you for standing up for what is right.
The basket of deplorable's is nearly filled to the brim
thank you!
I'm with you Senator!  Another soul-less crook!
Thank you Senator for standing up for , and standing with, the working families of MD and the US! Stay strong!
Thank you. #resist #obstruct #persist
You have been fighting for only you all these years. Total lack of integrity, just politics as usual from the left.
thank you!
please tell us you guys have a strategy to stop the madness because frankly we're getting a little scared out here
Thank you Sir!
Thank you Senator!
keep fighting the fight, Chris! This Maryland constituent is behind you 100%. #RESISTANCE
Please stop this president. Lives are at stake. How can he get away with this madness and complete disrespect for security?
thank you @
@SenateDems if he nominated Mr Rogers you would vote no. Stop the grandstanding and get to work
wealthy like you Chris VanHollen?
Thank you for representing us.  We are with you!
A REAL KNOTHEAD!!
Thank you, Senator.
You need more compelling reasons to vote 'No'. Otherwise Dems are no better than the Tea Party. Its a slippery slope.Think.
Thank you from MD!
Thanks for representing us!!
Respect
.@ChrisVanHollen Thank you!
How wealthy are you
@SenateDems Excellent Job on voting No
Thank you for representing Maryland!
Thank you!!!!! For a newbie in town you are truly listening! Glad that I put my vote behind you for MDers!
I know you're new, but please focus on taking away security clearances for the traitors taking over gov, thanks
@SenateDems Then vote & stop delaying and obstructing. #obstructionistdemocrats Do your job. Work 4 us. Our tax $. #DTS
They are doing their job. They are representing their constituents who want to obstruct.
Doing their job doesn't mean walking in lockstep with a buffoon and President Bannon.
Thank you Senator! MD is behind you.
@SenateDems Thank you for looking out for us!
As a constituent, THANK YOU.
Chris, make sure the cowards who betray-us names are published These swamp-drumpsters R-the worse.100%-againstDT
Proud of my senator!
"2017"?
Thank you, from a constituent!#GoHigh!
How did you get wealthy?
Thank you!
Thank you Chris.
Thank you for protecting our finances
Who's fighting for our veterans Senator? Why has S.66 been burried in subcommittee for over 14 years? Help Disabled Vets!

Thank you from this constituent.
Thanks Chris!
