hope u have the courage2 vote no on #devos #Pruitt #Price & the rest while pushing4 investigation #Hacking Nov 6 2018 coming
.@belltowerusa Ty @ChrisVanHollen 4 opposing #Pruitt. Counting w ur vote against #Pruitt http://wpo.st/WtGW2 
thank you, very happy to have you representing me
thank you! Please continue to RESIST and vote NO on all noms! We are behind you! I am MD resident.
Thank you so much for your intelligent leadership. This is going to be a long 4 years.
It's going to be a much, much, much longer 6 years for us in MD.
#Mnuchin He obviously can't be trusted to tell the truth. on Why should we give him more power?
Thank you!
big fan but why aren't you and otherdems making much more noise about trump atrocities eg press rallies on capital steps
called you this a.m. Voicemail full. Please vote NO on DeVos Tillerson Price Pruitt & Sessions
.@Leah_Ann_Rooney Ty @ChrisVanHollen 4 opposing #Pruitt. Counting w ur vote against #Pruitt Pls RT http://wpo.st/WtGW2 
And u think this is good behavior by the Democrats?
http://m.reviewjournal.com/crime/nevada-gop-strategist-indicted-legislative-extortion-scheme …
But somehow u r a fan of Sen Warren the foreclosure Queen
U have a foreclosure queen in your own Democratic party:
@ChrisVanHolle just because @realDonaldTrump says it's bad doesn't make it so. She wasn't predatory in her actions. Try again
And then there's this guy:
Thank you for standing up!
Thank you Senator Van Hollen!  I stand with you in opposing the "foreclosure king"....
Just vote NO tomorrow to them all! DeVos, Buttmunch and the Price is NOT right!
Please oppose deVos... keep MD education on top.
THANK YOU!
Thank you!
thank you. Curious about the YES vote for Ben Carson, though.
Thank you for standing up!
thank you, Sen.
complete nonsense! The people voted for trump for a reason now it is your job to assist The @POTUS  in making our country great again!
Thank Gd for my Senator standing strong!
when will you make a statement about Tillerson, Price and Pruit? We constituents are counting on you to oppose @POTUS noms
Thank you! Continue the fight by voting no on all cabinet nominees. Oppose executive orders. Speak for the vulnerable.
You made the mistake of believing NPR & Vanity Fair reporting
The allegations you cite against Mnuchin are fake news. You owe Mnuchin an apology
Vote NO on Sessions. And IMPEACH the MAD KING. How much evidence do you need that he is insane?Majority has your back onthis
thank you!!
thank you. Please continue to vote against these terrible nominees, esp. Sessions, Pruitt, DeVos and Price
Thank you for your no vote. Please continue to obstruct this swamp cabinet!
absolutely ! This guy mnuchin has no morals . No conscience
Congrats on writing a great house tweet! http://greathousetweets.measuredvoice.com/ChrisVanHollen/status/824019787751768065 … (Ranked 38th for Jan 24.)
Thank you from this constituent.
Please pressure them. They're weaker than they look.
Once again, Hill Republicans are spending the week deflecting Qs  about Trump. @pkcapitol strikes from Philly. http://wapo.st/2k0XYkK 
Thank you!
Thanks for the No vote.
have you explained your YES vote on Carson anywhere?
Please do not vote to confirm ANY of Trump's cabinet picks.  Do not legitimize this awful man.  From a Silver Spring voter.
And there's another reason for moving to #Maryland.
He paid $1 billion more than the next highest bidder.  Should gov't taken the lower bid or even worse have let OneWest fail?
and NO on HR7
Vote No on any supreme court nominees!  Obstruct the Republicans! Fight! Fight! Fight!
Glad to see on Mnuchin.  Vote No on DeVos, Pruitt, and Price also. Obstruct Republican agenda! Thks From 20653.
thank you, Senator!
Thank you for voting no
thanks for looking out for Maryland and the rest of the country
please stand on the side of the people-I won't support a representative that does not stand and fight
You must stand firm and vote NO to Trumps cabinet picks, incl Supreme Court appt let the Republicans own their choices
"BUT RESIST, WE MUCH – WE MUST AND WE WILL MUCH ABOUT THAT BE COMMITTED”-Rev Al Sharpton
as someone who wants to own a home, thank you!
Dont give in. Dont confirm Supreme Court Justice for seat vacant for a year. Dont confirm any Cabinet vowing to take & deny.
and fix your email link.
plz have staff clear your voicemail.
Good! Now I don't have to write!!! Please vote against DeVos appointment as well! #MoCo #PGCo
good idea! Thank you from 21218
thank you for opposing the "foreclosure king's" nomination
But you voted yes on Carson, who is completely unqualified? Unbelievable.
Keep fighting the good fight! What’s your stand on Mulvaney?
hank you for standing up for us
Thank you
Please #Reject all incompetent, unfit, unethical appointees. No Mnuchin, DeVos, Pruitt, and Price. #GOPropagandists #Resist
Thank you Senator!  Indivisible Maryland supports your "no" vote.  NO SWAMP CABINET!
Thank you for having moral courage.
Thank you. Really glad you're one of my senators :-)
.@ChrisVanHollen Good man!!! Keep it up! Vote against everyone of them!!!
Thank you, Chris! Stay vigilant.
I beg you, please, as both constituent and admirer, be bold and courageous. Normal diplomac rules have no meaning to these-1
Traitors. The longer we pretend that we aren't on fire the further the flames spread. If our elected officials don't do something REAL to -2
Get in between this unhinged, unfit, illegitimate megalomaniac and the oval office, including the removal of the tainted cabinet, I fear -3
That blood will shed. I know my history and you do too. That's the only ending of this story without intervention NOW. We'll still be in -4
A real pickle and it's going to be a hard climb back, but we're hardy folks. Please, while there's still hope. Help us. Or tell us how to -5
Do it for ourselves. We don't know what to do, because phonecalls and emails aren't doing it. Millions (peacefully) in the streets isn't -6
Either. We're losing sleep out here and we're scared and feeling impotent. Please, help. -end

#1984 #gagorders #ThisIsNotADrill #scared
thank you, senator!
Thank you for looking out for us.
thank you. There are predators in the swamp!
Thank you for your support, I'm proud to be a Maryland resident.
Thank you!
Thank you for standing up for Maryland values!
Thank you!
@galaxiou. Thank you Senator Van Hollen!!
This Maryland resident thanks you, Senator.
glad for this but very disappointed you voted to confirm Carson's nomination to HUD when is unqualified by his own admission
Foreclose that nomination!
Consistently proud of my Senator!
Thank you, Senator!
#Mnuchin built a fortune by bankrupting hardworking American homeowners. I'll vote NO on the #ForeclosureKing  https://www.facebook.com/chrisvanhollen/photos/a.10150684106803878.409441.109304033877/10154501942693878/?type=3&theater … 
thank you SenatorVan Hollen
thank you!
Thank you, Senator!
thank you for voting against somebody who beneffited from destroying lives!
Thank you for your NO vote, #ForeclosureKing
