#Resist Phony #Sellout Corporate Democrats.  #SB562 #HR676 #BernieCare
I love it Claire when you project what you have done and what you are guilty of, and trying to act surprised. You're such a phony Claire.
I remember for 2 years we did not know what would become of our Healthcare Pelosi said we have to pass it in order to read it and now this.
This is demonstrably untrue - Obama even went on live TV and answered questions from GOP officials for over an hour. There were endless hearings and committee meetings. Stop lying.
You tell
@SenatorIsakson @sendavidperdue Your constituents want hearings. We are tired of these secretive back room meetings. This is a democracy.
ooks 2 me like Hatch had 2 have an aide explain what she was saying. That's scary. Thanks @clairecmc for speaking up 4 the unheard millions
I am so proud of this Senator!
Democrats know Obamacare is failing as we speak, yet, do not care if their supporters go without care. They don't use Obamacare!
And did the leftist spawn do a hearing for obamacare, umm no they didn't, payback is hell right
Name calling is not necessary. However, you are very wrong. Read up before spouting nonsense.
Using a left leaning site umm ok
Look it up!! BTW...Snopes is not a "left leaning site", but whatever. Facts don't seem to be something you're interested in anyway.
Going by what the Lame Stream Media bragging about all the Secret Meeting the leftist held, and that is fact
Tried to find you some Fox News, but of course, there wasn't any. But, 161 R Amends to Ocare, how did that happen?
Go away...there's nothing for you here. Let the adults have a conversation. Bye-bye.

McCaskill is 100% right--GOP wants bunch of old white men to decide ways to take away our access to comprehensive healthcare svcs & coverage
Why did that woman whisper to @OrrinHatch & tell him what to say? The have GOP run out of lies and now employ subterfuge surrogates.
Brava, @clairecmc, and THANK YOU
Death of Democracy under the governance of @GOP.
Better #VoteTheBastardsOUT
Hatch is in line for presidency if POTUS & Co are found guilty of treason. Has to ask aide what's on the agenda! Befuddled GOP, Party of NO!
IF the Line of Succession even applies now, most would fall like dominoes. Hatch would be the next one left standing, IMHO. Chew on that!
That's if Dems don't demand Pence resign and pick another VP like what happened with Ford.
Dems may not have to. He's in it up to his neck too. Cld possibly be pardoned, but since when has DJT looked out for anyone besides himself?
Think Pence will go when Trump does.  Guilty as sin!  Ryan & Turtle have knowingly taken campaign $ from Russians!
Lol! So are we just gong to call him Turtle now? I'm all for it!
I call them Turtleman and Eddie Munster.
 beautiful!!!!!
These old white men all are senile. Ye Gods.
@ChuckGrassley you sold your soul and you let down the people #WeThePeople #iowa
It's time for Chuck Grassley to be put out to pasture.
He can be roommates with McCain
just waiting for someone to tell her to calm down....
@senorrinhatch I'm appalled by the Senator's ignorance.
Very relevant today. @SenAlexander @SenBobCorker will there be hearings? Don't pretend you can't make that happen. #KeepKidsCovered
Um, no one told her to brush the back of her hair that day?
She literally rolled out of bed, put on a suit, and squawked
Oh clareBea, did YOU even read OCare before you voted to ruin US healthcare? #DerilictionOfDuty
Would it make any difference you and the other democratic obstructionist will still be against it
Always 2 sides 2 every story! .@NancyPelosi u have 2 pass bill 2 find out what's n it! We the People need 2 demand BOTH parties grow up! 1/2
It's Dems vs Reps instead of We the People of US of America!  ALL congress needs 2 go if not 4 ppl! We the Ppl need 2 vote them out! 2/2
U Dems want a hearing on the proposal, but @NancyPelosi had no problem asking 4 a vote to "find out what's in the bill". Fucking hypocrites!
@SenateMajLdr You are eroding democracy. You are un-American. This process is wrong, and we see you. #TrumpCrimeMob #DemocracyWorksBetter
Yes. Good question! Will American people get a hint at what you are doing to us and more important our families?? GOP game with bill? Growup
So, you watched all the hearings on ACA and actually approved raking your constituents over the coals? Did read all of ACA or blindly vote?
Why do you politicians continue to lie to the voters. Nobody is getting left behind, unlike O-care.
DEMTARDS ARE DESTROYING 
AMERICA!  DONT PUT UP WITH DIMMS B S!!
https://youtu.be/hV-05TLiiLU  so do as you say not as you have done?Senate Dems have stated repeatedly they only intend to obstruct @POTUS.
Your party forced ACA on us now your party help repeal it, my insurance increased to $780/mo. This is Marxist redistribution of wealth!
Are they all coming out of the woodwork now.7 years they signed a bill they knew nothing about now demanding gop. Oh,we need publicity now
We're going to let the ObamaCare sinking ship complete its course so American can see it was a sh!t sandwich from the start. #whatisinit
Was there one on Obamacare? Wasn't Pelosi the one who said "Vote for it now and read it after?" What a bunch of hypocrites.
3rd in line for POTUS people. Need mandatory retirement & term limits. Old white guys with dementia & 1950 ideals
Boo hoo hoo. @clairecmc  How does it feel now that the shoe is on the other foot?
Shut it down!! Stop these malicious Republicans!
Democrats trying. McConnell's private meetings with a dozen reps only. Ted Cruz has lied& said GOP knows. Paul Rand(KY) tried to get a copy
Was she about to start crying or was the whining just a prelude?
Bye bye Clair you won't be a senator long
Bravo @clairecmc But where are all the other DEMS? Speak up, resist, protect us. Don't sleep through this. ACT NOW.QUESTION NOW. @SenateDems
Obama did just that. I want to c the bill too
Bravo to her. Unfortunately they do not care hopefully they learn their lesson in 2018.
Oh my God. 
..........
Oh MY God!
Is this what passes for the democratic process in the SENATE now?!
YOU WILL RUE THE DAY, come 2018 & 2020.
Fighting for our healthcare is patriotic!  Demand a hearing so that the bill can be vetted and scored!
I would contribute to the Dems if I knew they would start an ad campaign fighting against this non-processed
#Trumpcare is #GOP & trump's real life version of the movie "The Purge". 
Women and PoC are calling them out on their BS.
Whoo! That's a senator that doesn't take no for an answer! Good for her and, in the end, good for us!
This is insane. If you are represented by one of these Rs, call, text, email.
Go my senator!
And the #ACA vote might have been on party-lines but the ideas behind it were bipartisan and based on MA "RomneyCare"
@TeaPainUSA @funder @thehill @peterdaou @DavidCornDC @RVAwonk @AHamiltonSpirit @Annod40 @weareoversight @DavidYankovich @businessinsider
Exactly Right, Claire McCaskill
The #AHCA a.k.a. #TrumpCare is still alive. Remember what it would do if it became law?
Guess what millions lost their coverage with Obamacare!!!!
No Cindy. That's just not true, and a wealth of pesky facts that are readily available prove your statement false.
She whupped his ass.
Senator Hatch, if you can't answer yourself, you are either senile or this is wrong!!! Stop hiding the awful healthcare bill!!!
She put it right out there, a Shero move
I sincerely hope they are shamed into letting the Dems participate.  What a sorry state Congress has become.
The @GOP have no shame. They are sanctimonious, greedy, patronizing & don't care who they hurt as long as they get their way. #karma2018
PLEASE WATCH!! THIS IS SERIOUS!!!!   SHARE WITH ALL YOUR FOLLOWERS AND HAVE THEM DO THE SAME !!!!
You have to pass the bill to find out what's in it!!!  You really don't want to be reminded of Pelosi's statement. Take away Politicians ins
Dishonest behavior from the GOP never ceases to amaze
There wasn't one on ACA
You rocked it. Keep questioning them.
Yeah Clair hearings like u held before u shoved Obamacare down our throats.  U passed a law designed to fail and it is doing exactly that
Get government out of healthcare AND the insurance industry.
Senator The Republicans are doing to you what you did to them in 2010 when you passed the Obama care, healthcare disater.
ANNOUNCE DEMS WILL
#DENYCONSENT
I, by the way, didn't leave the Dem. Party, until you all really started acting like children. Grade school children could do better.
Phenomenal
So you can do it but no one else can do it that way lol you knew you were wrong but you won't let people do what you did lmao
The truth. Spoken from the heart. To a room full of Senators with nothing to say but be embarrassed.
My observation is that no one in America understands what is included in "our" national health care bill.  5 slides should present it w/$$
Stop Government over reach that remove freedom of citizens right of choice. Stop taxing without representation to all the citizens of the US
We should spend less time throwing lies and more time investigating voter system failure.  Stop voting by non citizens.
Senator McCaskill rocks!
Why should the GOP worry about your input. Never gave them a chance with ObamaCare.  Never ever read it B4 you passed it. SAD.
Thank you Senator..BUT THIS MAKES ME HEARTSICK.
DEMAND. WE HAVE RIGHT TO THE ROOT BY GETTING ALL THE ANSWERS
A hearing? More wasteful spending of unearned tax dollars from the obstructionist party
Senate GOP suck rocks.
Go Claire!!!
Well most would say that Trumpcare Can't be worse or as bad as Obamacare & Democrats act like they know good Health Bill when see it Really
hope to see you taking action like this @RonWyden 
@SenCapito My grandchildren in WV are 75 miles from the nearest hospital. This bill will make health care less accessible. #ShowUsTheBill
I, sincerely, hope that the Democrats can conduct themselves at a level a bit higher than a grade schooler!  I am a former Dem. I'm ashamed!
what n the holy fuck ma’am are you talking abt? Are Ds shoving journos or mocking disabled? Glad u have shame. Not like Rs
Maybe @SenSchumer should tell @TheDemocrats they have to vote for it to read it! Don't forget to say U can keep ur DR
You reap what you sow.
There all pos , everything is going to change 2018 
It's just more "party over country" by the hypocritical GOP. Throwing small business owners, veterans, and others off the healthcare rolls.
This is a call to arms. Jam your senator's phones again. They can't ignore us all!
So proud @clairecmc is my senator
Disgraceful.....talk about screwing over the American people!!!
This needs to be made into an Ad and spread far and wide.  Thank you for standing up for REAL working Americans, keep fighting for us!!!!
@TomPerez Dems need to fill the airwaves with this and more.
WHY are Democrats SILENT on this? Democrats better step up and stop allowing Republicans to get away with these schemes, lies and maneuvers
Ummmmm isn't this a video of Democrats literally not being silent on this? Who exactly are you referring to?
Not everyone is on twitter or Facebook and especially older folks.
I'm calling red senators bc mine are both blue. Doing MY part.
The ACA had 162 republican amendments. Remember that Nixon was for a 1 payer health system.
You guys are in full panic mode haha 
I would like to hear from her. Wow!
Take down of the year. It seems it is always a woman that is standing up for our rights. Bravo.
My son has a HCBS Medicaid waiver. I don't know what we'd do w/o it. These @gop have me scared to death & crying nightly.
Cindy, your family esp. Your son will be in my prayers.... We'll be all alright
thank you
@senorrinhatch Are you ok? You appear more frail than ever. You're not 'tracking' well. I fear for GOP.
Hatch realizes he's closer to the Presidency than he ever thought he'd be   and it's freaking him out.
Yeah, but so is Pelosi. If Dems take the house and senate in '18 and a democratic congress impeaches tRUmp/Pence, Pelosi is President.
Good point.
Unless this all comes down before then. GOP could push towards the Hatch scenario asap to keep the WH, since they'll lose Congress in 18. 
SOMEONE NEEDS TO STICK UP FOR US! REPUBLICANS ONLY CARE ABOUT WINNING, NOT THE PEOPLE OF THIS COUNTRY!
GO GET THEM MRS. MCCASKILL!
HOW CAN YOU HONESTLY DEPRIVE INNOCENT PEOPLE OF HEALTHCARE? THAT SHOULD KEEP YOU AWAKE AT NIGHT.
KARL MARX WAS RIGHT -- CAPITALISM MUST FAIL
It was your horrific bill hurt all Americans now you punishing the people by not working with Republicans. Dems leaving party support 3rd
Assuming it's true, let's not do the same mistake again. let's debate this new healthcare bill and vote wisely
Democracy begins with the courage to ask tough questions for the sake for us all. As we love to say in the Carolinas, #KeepPounding.
Nof sure why people pick the GOP! If you read or google u will find out Ryan& McConnel are the leaders of this dirty heartless group!
Mitch, & 12 other are trying to have bill done by 6-15-17 & out on the floor by next week with no votes but the GOP
Check out http://indivisibleguide.com .  We need to call a stop to everything until we get answers.  Withhold consent for EVERYTHING!  Please.
Thank you Senator McCaskill!
This is almost absurd. The Democrats past Obama care and said you have to pass it to see what's in it. Remember?
"Power corrupts; absolute power corrupts absolutely." Seems fitting.
Which one of you republicans are going to take care of my grandmother in the nursing home when you take away Medicaid ?!? #Healthcare
When that lady talks in his ear It looks like his daughter repeating what the waitress asked him at the early bird special at Bob Evens.
So are democrats going to hold up business until we get hearings? Stand up and fight.
You tell'em @clairecmc
Need FBI & DOJ Law! 1) Give status of investigations as NO, OPEN, CLOSED or 2) Keep quiet until he/she is charged with a crime!
She was amazing !!you tell them Claire #nastywomenarestrong
So far, not one Dem senator has endorsed withholding consent to stop #TrumpCare! What you don't oppose, you endorse!
No chance of taking back Senate with cowardice and collusion!!!
Appalling!
I just hope the American ppl will receive a healthcare plan that WE deserve, not like the last one that was a total disaster!! #SMH
Democrats lie.
A hearing...like the ACA, you know the one that Pelosi said could be read after it was passed, in secrecy.--That one!
Every American should hear this...
Thank you for being a voice of reason!!
I wish i could retweet this a million times..
Bravo Senator McCaskil !!!!!
Are you all going to do something about this and withhold consent if they insist on going this route? Show America that you've got spine!
Not only is Orrin Hatch a liar but the gall & abhorrent dis 2 McCaskill.  Then his staff is communicatng w/him over an open mic what 2 say?
Now *this* is good. More of this.
Does he have a memory problem. He has to be told by a clerk what to say?
way to go. The chairman is demented remove him. He takes direction from his aide!!!
Well @ClaireMc, guess you'll have to "pass the bill to see what's in it".
That's our past experience with crappy healthcare legislation.
Thank you!
you dems all all sick freaks anyway where were you when Obamacare passed
Of course the dems involved GOP at every stage bfre passing the very consensual now failing Obama care. bill.
The Democrats need to figure out the best way to fix Obama care, start promoting. Allow in comps to insure across state lines.
@SenateGOP One has to wonder if Congressional Republicans truly believe in Democracy. Hold hearings on this bill #AHCA #Trumpcare
So Democrats are just going to sit back & let corrupt Republicans ruin millions of lives by trashing ACA with a death certificate?
Never Goddamn mind that Obamacare had to be passed first so you could see what was in it.
Wasn't it Pelosi who said we have to pass it to see what's in it? I vote let Obamacare implode!! You would get what you asked for!
Haven't had insurance since ACA. 2000 a month for me and my husband is to much. Only good for the Medicare people #RepealandReplace
What an utter disgrace.
Remember how the GOP was treated when the ACA was rammed down our throats? Maybe this is payback!!! Sit down & wait
Dems should filibuster every chance they get to stop AMA bill.man wants vote before recess. Do it now b4 it's too late
How can two work together unless they agree? GOP blames the Dems  for their refusal to engage. This clip shows otherwise...#Bipartisanship!!

A dream come true for Ryan & his ilk.
@JoysRainBow1 @clairecmc Democrats need to speak out more about these things. Actual lives depend on it. #ResistTrumpcare
I agree. The ACA took 18 months w/ testimony from Physicians/Healthcare Insurance.  Yet the Rs screamed it was crammed down their throats...
The testimony was from a selected preordained few. The result has been a debacle.
Fix ACA, not repeal. AHCA is so much worse. It defunds needed programs, tax cuts to rich. The R's voted in ACA. Fix ACA
ACA is not reparable. It was designed to fail. It did not extend Care. It extended paper policies which were too costly to use.
Trumpcare rates are going to go higher than ACA! The GOP was paid to obstruct Obama & everything he did! Obama did things to help us all!
I didn't know GOP was paid
Just thought they hated Obama
Same as @realdonaldtrump
Google up the truth about GOP & how dirty they are!There is a video that will show you how to spit fake news as well!They only help the rich
Prior to passing #Obamacare
■the Senate debated 25days
■filed 506 amendments (228 from GOP)
■took 34 roll call votes
Thanks for posting
Can we get some captions or a transcript of this? As you know #ACHA is particularly dangerous for the Deaf and disabled and we are watching.
We can not lose sight of this. @GOP is trying to shove this through while we are not looking. #AHCA would kill me
Or while we ARE looking, but being muzzled. Which is even more painful.
I get the painful reply but #AHCA would literally kill me. I'm chronically ill
There are numerous city, county, state and charity programs that you are likely eligible for. I used a county program, paid for all bills.
That won't work for many high cost situations. Not being able to afford ins due to pre-existing conds would be a prob. What if not eligible?
Then it's called bankruptcy the House of Cards Republicans have got to stop doing this we must call our news org. and our Senators & Reps.
Shame on @OrrinHatch and the rest of the @SenateGOP for this
Sorry but this the normal GOP! They dont care about your average citizen, only big donors, Wall Street, Koch brothers etc.
Looks like Senate Republicans are going to try to ram through a health care bill without public hearings or debate. This is not democracy.
Will ONLY happen if YOU don't get on phone, pressure @GOP Senators. Here's phone list. Call M,T,W,Th,F!
@GOP @GOPoversight @housebudgetGOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @TomPerez @RepAdamSchiff @SenKamalaHarris

POWERFUL. Must be used by all Dems.

If R Senators were doing the right thing here, why not debate in the light of day?
Well said! And the correct answer to will there be a hearing is actually just "yes".
Remember 2010 when you Democrats ram through Obama care on xmas eve? Payback is hell. Obamacare is a BAD bill.
No, Joyce. No one remembers that because it isn't what happened.
Yes it did but I cannot give you a history lesson on twitter.
Oh dear and he had to have some young thing whisper his position in his ear???

ACA is imperfect but fixed several abuses in the prior system.  I see the benefits every day.  AHCA is much worse than status quo.  Shame.

Just So You All Know... The Vice Chair of Donald Trump's voter fraud commission has been successfully sued four times for voter suppression
@maddow @JoyAnnReid @AC360 @Lawrence, Please cover the sneaky GOP forcing horrible Trumpcare/Ryancare/Wealthcare "bill" through the Senate.
@senorrinhatch @ChuckGrassley This is the face of shame. We will never forget this. You have turned your back on American People.
They've been in the senate so long, they can't even think or talk anymore.
