My sister, in Frederick, got health care under Obamacare first time in 10 years; premiums rose too much and she had to drop it.
I had one of those pre-ACA annual catastrophic-only plans in my 20s. I started having seizures before I could get real insurance again.
I had to pay for everything epilepsy-related out of pocket, which meant that I had to take older-generation drugs that I could afford.
I also had to go to a neurologist I could afford to pay out of pocket. He was not a very good neurologist.
I took an unsafe seizure medication for years because I couldn't afford the safe medications.
Two weeks before I turned 26, the ACA went into effect and I was able to get back on to my parents' insurance.
I was able to go to the hospital for the video EEG testing I needed and had never been able to afford before.
Even being briefly re-added to my parents' plan meant I became eligible for COBRA insurance that covered my medical conditions.
With real insurance, I could afford to see an epilepsy specialist with experience working with women.
I have an insurance story. I'm paying $1777/mo on the MD exchange for a BRONZE policy with a $13k deduct for 2 ppl. #ACAHorrors
OMG --- that's horrible! And that's under the so-called "Affordable" Care Act !! #bankruptcy
Yup. #ThanksObama
I have 4 chronic pain disorders, depression and anxiety,  plus aging issues (70 next b'day). Medicare cuts are TERRIFYING! Help!
Retain and repair the ACA is a national issue, but I live in Maryland, so I'm counting on you to help!

#RetainAndRepairACA
9. Please feel free to contact me at any time for more details, like secondary Dx due to cEDS. my hand is numb & painful now. I must be done
5. I have depression due to my disability. If we lose ins, then lose our home to pay my medical expenses, what is the point of me living?
My 60-yr-old wife has had ovarian cancer, IV, for 20 mos. My 26-yr-old daughter has had global dev. delays since birth; Turner syndrome also
8. I know ACA is not working well for everyone, but I think fixing it is the answer. Thank you for everything you're doing to fight this  
Survived acute ulcerative colitis & breast cancer 15 yrs ago. Shouldn't be punished for surviving by paying extra in ACA premiums.
My mom and pops, also in Frederick, rely on Medicare; both have issues, inc. diabetes, depression, anxiety.
I cannot afford health insurance because of the ACA. What are you doing about that. Your Facebook page has lots of stories like that, ideas?
He is looking for more anecdotes from the echo chamber.
Son has MS, spinal stroke and Transverse Mylelitis. 40 yr old with 2 young boys. On medicare and Medicaid. Draws $700 per month.
7. Lyme bacteria kicked it into high gear, since the borrelia bacteria bury themselves into the same connective tissue effected by EDS...
2. I am partially disabled and my seld-employed husband works hard to support our family & pay for our home. We are struggling financially.
1. I'm a late lyme survivor & Dx w cEDS last Sept. Before medicaid expansion I had no access to the Drs or treatments that saved my life.
Would you like calls as well? Some of the ppl I know don't want their stories shared on the internet, but would like to share #aca impact
You want me to fit that in a tweet? Let's start with my wish to be treated w *some* respect when I call the county about my kid's benefits.
6. cEDS is Ehlers Danlos Syndrome, classical type. it's a multi-systemic connective tissue disorder. It is degenerative & I'm only 40...
4. If we lose our home, we lose our organic gardens, which provide a lot of our food. This would also negatively effect health & finances.
3. We now have excellent coverage through the ACA, w/ subsidy towards our premium. If any of this changes we could very well lose our home,
I have a good paying job with employer healthcare but spend 10% of gross pay on premiums for my healthy family, never mind the deductible
health care has allowed me to stay on my Parent's health insurance plan.
I'm a rabbi in Maryland serving the Jewish disability community nationally, and I'm terrified. People I serve will die if this passes.
If this bill passes, many people who survive this will will lose access to Jewish community. And we've already lost so many of our people.
My son has congenital issues and meds would be $3K/m OOP. They keep him alive. Covered under my plan so far. When he turns 26? Don't know.
Re: Your conversation w/ @AliVelshi @SRuhle @MSNBC
http://whitecollargreenspace.blogspot.com  4way2pay4 singlePayerUuse 8,000emptydesks@ 1300SSAoffices
Contact by DM or timalantoo@hotmail.com (retiredfromSSA) 4 Way2cut $500billion fromfedbudget, use 2 shifts of employees in all govt offices
Re: Your conversation w/ @AliVelshi @SRuhle @MSNBC
I.ve been pushing to add #Medicare4All to Obamacare since April
https://twitter.com/greenspaceguy/statuses/848712635763871744 …
My parents were small business owners. Did all the right things to save for retirement. Still needed Medicaid at the end of their lives.
We love him lots, institutional care is not an option! He would die!!! Home care is our survival! Not covered by private insurance!#Medicaid
Osteoporosis, scoliosis, thyroid and adrenal dysfunction, aspiration history, constant suctioning to maintain airway, asthma, list goes on!
Christopher-severe anoxic encephalopathy,cortical blindness, sleep apnea, no thermal regulation, MR/CP, seizures, tubefed, wheelchair bound
We will be severely threatened by cuts to Medicaid, insurance caps, preexisting conditions! Caregiving for the disabled is hard! Medicaid
I was diagnosed breast cancer stage 2b had no insurance at the time got emergency Medicaid Finished chemo in may awaiting surgery radiation
My 22 year old some suffered severe anoxic brain damage at birth! Lives at home with senior parents! We survive because of Medicaid/homecare
Christopher is 22 yr old who has skills of a 6 month old! Completely dependent/medically fragile/requires 24/7 nursing care! We love him!
We are a family of a child cancer-fighter who is afraid for her healthcare future.
Son w/ autism needs Medicaid for daily supports and job training.  Husband & daughter have pre-existing conditions. No HC is not an option!
Aplastic Anemia,I've relapsed /Tx NIH x3.I became an RN for this reason.
It saved my life!

A dear friend is fighting breast cancer AND was diagnosed with shingles today! She's a freelancer and can afford treatment thanks to #ACA
My niece in Baltimore was born with Down Syndrome, a pre-existing condition, and was diagnosed at age 3 with leukemia. 1/2
Luckily all post-ACA, so her preexisting conditions are not haunting her family financially, and she hasn't met lifetime/annual caps. 2/2
My husband and I put off having a family bc insurance said if I got pregnant it would be uncovered, a preexisting condition. 1/2
Even with no serious health problems on the pre-ACA individual market, our premiums cost more than our rent, with a $5K deductible.
We decided to pay the penalty because we can't afford to pay that much
Wife in Md needed insurance. Quoted  1600.00 a month with 6000.00 deductabul  for Obama care in Maryland.  And you want to keep this ? ???
Thank u Rep Van Hollen 4 drafting a letter to the NCI to reveal its spending and research plans for metastatic cancer. You are loved by many
I have a rare gene causes an eye condition. These 2 tiny bottles keep me from going blind & make me prexisting.
My mom & MIL both died in part because of no health insurance or money to afford care without it. Sepsis & undiagnosed anyeurism.
https://vimeo.com/216510016  my 13 year old sister is a 3x cancer fighter. She cannot have a lifetime cap & she has a preexisting condition.
My 5YO. Born at 26 wks, weighing 1 lbs 12 oz. The ACA along with a Medicaid waiver gave her a future. Without coverage, she hasn't a chance.
My sons birth pic looks quite similar! We have to keep up the fight for our kids!
MD hc rollout delayed,I couldn't breathe. Went to er, no help. You helped me get insurance. 10 days later-open heart surgery saved my life.
Diagnosed w/cancer in 2014. O-care saved my life when 2 sick 2 work & 2-wk hosp room/board=$100K + cost of BMT/ chemo/OVs/other meds/trmt.
Cvh, your one of reasons the democrats will never take the house. Your like ambulance chasers. Schumer,pelosi,durbin, Reid really ?
My son aspirated on Sat eve and his  Medicaid nurse worked 4 hrs to clear his lungs. Our hospital stays can cost over $100K. We avoided one.
Sometimes little things can set you back for months, even years... My son broke his arm... it will end up costing us a couple thousand...
This means we have to chose between what we pay until we pay off what we owe... it is ridiculous  & sad... and he only broke and arm
diagnosed with stage IV breast cancer at 39. On a treatment that cost $13,000 for 21 pills. Just one of my many cost.
Jesus.
Ur constituent/a solo biz. HRisk pools costed 400 b4 ACA. I became a caregiver w/ no $, marylandhealthconnection helped me w/ essential care
My husband had meningitis on Christmas night 4 years ago. Took 2 wks in icu plus 6 months rehab. W-out ins we'd be sunk
My mother (PA resident) battles chronic spine issues requiring epidural injections because she's too poor to afford real treatment. 1/2
Endless loop of can't work/can't afford healthcare/not "disabled enough" to qualify for full Medicaid/repeat 2/2
My dad got insurance under the medicaid expansion. Emergency gallbladder removal. He would have died/been to scared to go to ER before ACA.
I have PTSD from a car accident, hit by drunk driver at 8. 3 years ago at 22 I had testicular cancer, I am a Preexisting Condition
My 50 years young sister is undergoing treatment for acute myeloid leukemia. If her husband were to lose his job, w/o the ACA she would die.
BTW, I'm a constituent and supporter.  The MD in my Twitter account is for Maryland.
Thank you Senator for fighting for us!!!
My cousin died of cancer 3 months before ACA started because he couldn't afford insurance or treatment and didn't want his family in debt.
my health insurance premiums have gone up ~30% since you passed #ACA and stand to go up another 50% next year
He is my heart, he amazes everyone who meets him.
My son's NICU stay, my hospital stay & post-partum depression treatment, thanks to ACA this nonprofit worker and her son are alive/thriving
Coverage for mental health services has been life saving for 2 of my family members within the last year. We cannot lose this!
After #ObamaCare was implemented, I lost my job (& went months unemployed)
Please #RepealObamaCare
At that point I couldn't afford #CobraHealthcare, so I was unemployed and with no #ObamaCare either
I have a 45 yr old son with diabetes, couldn't get coverage before Obamacare, this is the first time as an adult he's had coverage.
I am so glad he has coverage now. We need to keep this part of the ACA.
indeed we do.  So many need it
Yea, my gov is forcing me to have healthcare. It will equal out to a 768 monthly "bill". Can't afford it. Used to be able to get for 350
Bot
Constiuent here! High risk for breast cancer. ACA's essential health screenings allowed me to get insurance covered mammograms at age 30.
My husband diag. stage IV cancer in 2004. He was a sm. bus owner w/o ins. Can't go back to those days where diag. is delayed 4 uninsured.
The cost of our healthcare with the crappy bill that you forced on us has gone from $7000 per year to $ 17,000 per year. No claims for us.
My son has insurance through work but he has kidney disease & treatments are 14k per week. If insurance gives him a yearly max he is doomed.
For social security disability to come through. Having a brain MRI at six this evening to try and diagnose seizures & hallucinations.
Penny I had on COBRA (700 per month with a 3k deductible.) ACA Medicaid came through just in time as my COBRA expired. Currently waiting
I have 2 kinds of lupus as well as other health problems,  including intracranial hypertension.  I was laid off in 2012 and spent every
My wife needed short term insurance to bridge grad school and her job. Was told she had preex. (She doesn't) Got ACA coverage easily, cheap.
35 yr GOP turned registered Independent mid-life cancer survivor concerned about hc. My Sens Cassidy & Kennedy ready to vote to repeal.
Thank you for sharing your story and for advocating for cancer survivors, @allicat1214!
Just missed me, want me to come back in?
Daughter just 19 years old w/MS - a thriving college student! Preventative medication covered by insurance, she would physically fail w/out.
My son needed a medication I could not afford it without the ACA it saved his life his still not out of the woods yet save the ACA
Maryland only? My Arkansas Senators don't seem to share these kinds of stories (not listening to MINE)
My son had cancer as an infant he's 25. He won't be able to afford health care in a sick pool
A pretty mundane one—denied health care for preexisting conditions until ACA. Finally got ins and got to become a mom (x2)!
I am a veteran with an 80% disability rating, in pain all day, found work after struggling post mil, got married, realized we needed ACA.
Covers my multiple RX's and my spouse, my chronic pain treatments & routine check-ups. Prior, we had no insurance and wasn't able to afford
Yes my friend stage 4 breast cancer she's winning her fight because of the ACA if she losing the ACA no more treatments & she dies
My sister, @bakerGG, depends on #Obamacare for her health coverage. I'm outraged that anyone would take it away. #ProtectOurCare
Currently waiting at my monthly appointment to monitor and treat myopic macular degeneration. Received 11 injections in 3 years, $4K each.
Without the injections I'll become legally blind, without my insurance, can't afford the injections. No cure, so treatment always required.
My 8yr old son is disabled. He has many Dr appts every week. He struggles daily to do normal things like school, play dates, & even sitting
Down for a meal at a restaurant. Aidan is a loving and fun little boy, but he needs help daily with even small things. He is on Medicaid bc
Of this and his school uses Medicaid to pay for aides and iep programs. My beautiful boy would not be able to attend public school if he did
Not have this help. There simply would be no way to help him learn meaningfully. I'm so scared for him. He's so vulnerable and all we want
Is for him to have a full life with some independence in his future. Without Medicaid this will be next to impossible as well cannot afford
To pay cash prices for any of the therapies that he needs to be successful in life. Thank you for fighting for Aidan and others like him
I needed a few more characters than 140. I hope that's okay. #SaveTheACA
I sent a story to your office in 2010 - never heard back.
"I need anecdotes".  How about a plan instead?
My deductible went up 300%
