The Trump administration is actively and purposefully sabotaging our health care system. They have made this clear.
When you tell people you're going to blow up the exchanges and they will cease to exist, why would they sign up?
When you signal to insurance companies that you're going to cut off cost sharing payments, it's obvious they are going to raise their rates
This sabotage is purposeful, it's intentional and it's jeopardizing 1/6 of our economy and the care of millions of people.
You mean "FURTHER destabilize the health care system and drive up costs," right? Because ACA did a lot of that already. #MedicareForAll
Obamacare wasn't perfect and it needed fixing but it didn't need removing
You can't fix ACA & (D) too ignorant about economics to fix it we knew it would fail back in 2009! Now look at CA 
If federal government did universal health care it would work great, since the US has a fiat currency. Too bad corporations won't allow it.
Like the VA hospitals & universal healthcare that Vets hate? It doesn't work anywhere Rich Canadians come here pay cash  Concierge Doctors
Your Lies on Russian collusion with Trump about to crumble as Truth is Coming out & Americans want to know who ordered the Hit on Seth Rich
Every (D) voted for worse bill ever per WSJ.  The pricing to date was all decided last year.  Good try (D) who support ACA will lose 2018 
Trump EPA Administrator Promises to Clean Up Toxic Waste Sites Obama Left Behind
Thank you Mr Murphy!
I want to throw up! You're a moron!
LIES Dems made Obama care. IT WAS FINE before. WHEN  punishment for campaign BS then Obama MUST charged  as he interfered on Israel election
Facts not fiction!!! Tell the truth!!! You both voted for Obamacare!!! You own it!! Fix it that's your job???
Vote DEms out!
Nothing but a propagandist. ObozoCare was designed to drive up prices and fail. That was happening long before now.
Moe Larry and Curly !!! Comical
You are delusional.
Ewe freaks are destabilizing our country
Politicians are Liars and criminals 
You all voted for Obamacare!! You own it!! Fix it!!!
@SenateDems @ChrisVanHollen @SenBlumenthal your buddy's are driving it up already but there pockets are full
All talk no action!!! You own Obamacare!!! Fix it !!! It's not becoming to have three Senators act like the "Three Stooges"
The Affordable Care Act was already doing that and in a worse way.
blah,blah,blah...stop talking and do something!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Dems created this mess by wanting to control healthcare and citizens. Everything they touch is a disaster. US Postal Service is one example!
BS liar! Costs are too high because middle class are paying for others who don't work. Illegals are on the system, too!
Keep up the fight.
fake news

https://vimeo.com/216510016  13yr old girl 3x leukemia fighter fearful of healthcare future. Plz share! 10-min documentary
We who elected President Trump, will remember his opposition when we vote.
Make sure you compare it to that Huge Success Story ...OBAMACARE!   Ahhh, But that would require facts and the Truth...nevermind!
Give us YOUR healthcare or we'll fight to take it away so you can live like the perpetually sick, unwashed masses.
Costs were rising while Dems were in control.  ACA was imploding well before Trump can into office.  Your lies are horrifying to the public.
Thank you...were they behind Aetna leaving or was it just lack of stability in Obamacare created by Trump.
Healthcare is already destabilized!!!!!!!!! At least Republicans are trying to fix the mess Dems & Obama made.
You should tell them they can keep their provider, or their current plan and nobody's cost will rise. Sorry Obama already told us that; LIes
 I thought you were a clown before, but this is amazing. 
Blah blah blah, political gibberish which does nothing to help the American people. Political bloviation at its best..
Thank you!
U did that 7 years ago. It's u Dems fault.
those are some of my favorites Chis Van Hollen goes beast mode all the time it's pretty awesome
Well this investigation might stop work on Obamacare. So Trump might have to give the democrats their plan back so they can try and save it.
Typical big government waste.  Send both Connecticut senators when only one is necessary!   /chuckle
LOL.
LIES LIES LIES- wasn't #Obamacare suppose to have fixed healthcare? It is the Democrats & @POTUS44 that screwed up healthcare via #ACA
Ins co make money if they didnt CEOs wouldnt earn the mils they do Ryan/GOP know this Theres $ 2 b made Q is who among them gains the most

Stop sabotaging & fix #Obamacare. #trumpcare is a Russian smart bomb and you know it. @FBI knows bad policies are being launched to hurt USA 

Heads up American. #tweekerRyan is going to pull the rug out from under the USA during  #TrumpRussiaInvestigation https://twitter.com/damejemarshall/status/865245878944055296 …
Russia is behind #trumpcare. It is a smart bomb designed to weaken the USA. @FBI #hybridwar bad policies destroy more than bullets do.
WHAHHH  WHAAHHH  All you do is whine about shit! Get over it, Chris!
Health care services deserve payment! Why do insurances receive discounts when billed? Usually the dr cost by little & clinic costs by 50%.
Don't waste too much time "talking" - the Republicans are doing exactly that. Figure out how to get them to change.

Since '81 GOP has opposed proper economic function of govt to provide needs not met adequately by private sector. Reaganomics always fails
Public hearings held by standing & select committees serve just that purpose.
Please lead a group to develop a plan to stabilize and improve ACA. Don't wait for GOP to help, put out a realistic plan!
@ASlavitt @sethmoulton We need to begin to socialize a real plan for all Americans. Stabilizing markets & Medicaid to avoid hospital crisis
Stop reacting to GOP and Trump's appointees who want to eliminate healthcare for everyone but the rich. Give us something to fight for!
Thank you for going after the health insurance and pharma industry predators.  Good luck, senators.
This thread is tough to read. How do you educate the willfully ignorant? Aca was intentionally sabotaged but most people won't look.
#Obamacare exchanges in #VT, #VA, & #OR, learned they could face double-digit premium increases as high as 20% next year via .@SenateMajLdr
The ACA is now Trumpcare. #UbreakItUownIt
Shame on them, keep up the fight to save our healthcare!
No no the Obama administration killed the average workers health care and drove the cost out of sight. Tuff to close the gate now
Yeah, let's talk about their plan while Obamacare swirls and goes down the toilet..not jump in and try to help with a good bipartisan plan..
How do you know costs will increase? Why didn't you question Obastard care? Hypocrite!
They did. Where were u during 18 mos of ques? ACA - w all 100 R amendments - slowed prem inc %. Rs defunding risk corridors drove prems up.
You really know nothing of pricing models or statistical methods do you. Stupidity need not comment.
U asked how they knew prices would rise & why they didn't ques Ocare. I answered. U didn't dispute it but rather called names & said 0. FO!
As compared to the #Obamacare which is destabilizing the health care system and driving up costs.
I work in medical. Try telling the truth. Obamacare destroyed the healthcare system! Trump has nothing to do with it!
Obamacare did not drive up the cost! Come on. Really!!!!
Yay. Go get em! They are peddling crappy coverage without standards for all. They are foisting costs on States. Tricks-smoke-mirrors. Resist
Keep speaking truth. It does pay off. Thank you
Question?Costs were going up before,why didn't do something then?You had 8 yrs__ 8 yrs count them on your fingers or toes.Iexpect an answer!
Wee bit hard to focus on it but really happy you're all watching and working!
wawwww
The Fortune Teller Team: Destabilizing healthcare? The Dems did very well destabilizing as millions lost their healthcare and doctors.
Voted for @realDonaldTrump in this ct town. #Obamacare is a sick system.
Thank you! I've been trying to explain this to critics. I'm sure you are more eloquent
Any comment about Aetna pulling out of the exchanges Chris?
Aetna is getting out of the insurance business. Sayonara- we need single payer if companies want to abandon it. Let Aetna sell  widgets
Thanks for your hard work Senator Murphy!!  
#SethRich
First stand up against the corruptions being committed by Clinton Foindation
You like the Russian false news, or is that just part of what's leading people down a fox hole? You got your home groan rush to pelt you too
I am not a Trump fan, but dems need to water the fire thats been burning their home instead of cherry picking on their neighbours garden
Our Nation is being Literally Attacked from within & outside. I've cried at Pledge of Allegance on the U.S.S. Construction.Too many water.
I demand an Independent Commission to examine health care. We need to get to the bottom of this legitimate crisis.
P.S. you 3 turds couldn't find the bottom of a bowl with one hand on the flush.
