How bout this one
He shouldn't be allowed to tweet. Save himself the trouble
Leviticus 19:17 You shall not hate your fellow countryman in your heart; you may reprove your neighbor, but not incur sin because of him
This is a beautiful video until the man talks over the woman at the end.
two brave officers.   Under gunned but still pushed forward into the line of fire.
Why is @CNN allowed at the ballpark?  I would be afraid Jake Tapper might shoot someone. Hell his wife kills babies every day.
lol, what a rare event!!!
Blacks saves life of a racist who is shot by white male Bernie supporter. What a movie script!
Thank you David Bailey!  Speedy Recovery Wishes!
Moved me to tears. God bless our first responders and God damn hatred and violence.
You guys still don't get your role is the shooting do you
I BOYCOTT CNN ALWAYS
#notfakenews
Wow, a black cop gets to throw a pitch for saving the life of an avowed racist, that's rich.
@CNN David Bailey/Crystal Griner, all first responders & our service men & women are the true Representatives of our values to the world.
I'm glad th4e officer was well enough to throw out the ball, but what about the female officer who was the REAL hero yesterday?
A real hero
David Bailey & Crystal Griner, thank you for your heroism! Your courage saved the lives of our Senators. Honor & respect to our US Patriots.
Despite massacre attemp by a democrat hater, a @SenSanders follower. Due to fake news brainwashing. Thanks to our police he was killed.
How about the UPS workers that were killed?!!!
Did you mention he was shot by an #AltLeft Bernie supporter who was encouraged by #crookedHillary and the #SchumerClowns?
Amazing.  And, our so-called "president" is where, exactly? In hiding.  What a coward. He has no clue how to help unify anything. Unreal
Why are Democrats so filled with hate and violence? #sethrich
Love it.
Officer Bailey is great !!  Maybe now it won't be so hard for politicians to provide medical care for first responders like 911

Really! Is it how we make America great again! Back to the 40s, 50s, 60s or Middle East? https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/8mtjmHu9xPA … & https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/MjFNGikKt7L …
What a GREAT moment that was! #hero. Some watching on FB are actually enjoying interacting with each other...no hateful talk! Love it!!!
CNN contributed to his injury.
Instant tears...applauding...already crying after God Bless America sung.  
Awesome God Bless America
Awesome! We live in a country where such people exist.
Love this!!! God bless that man and other officer who saved so many Iives! 
What an incredibly strong person!
better than 50 Cent
A truly remarkable end to the game would be to stop before the last out. Declare that victory lies in unity, not in the "win".
Brave, sweet darling child 
he bounced it, but I guess I'll let that one go.
So When does Alex Jones Call this mass gun violence #FakeNews & blame Obama's #CrisisActors?
@GRevmgbrown4_ #Wonderful #Bipartisanship display tonight at #DC's #NationalPark!!! "Lets play #Baseball!!!"
Watching it here:
Can he start for the Orioles this weekend?
Another low pt for CNN.  I'd rather see a story about Gabby Giffords.
SUPER! !!!!!!!!!
thank you to #DavidBailey for protecting the members of congress in the line of duty  may you have a fast recovery
#WeAllShouldThankDavid
An actual real American hero!
Great and amazing! David Bailey is a hero
He is a hero, but fuck the Republicans. They act like they just found out that people use AR-15's to kill innocents.
#HOOAH
I am watching this right now.
#Hero Thank you, sir!
get out
Good stuff right there
We stand together with the brave Heroes that makes a difference to all lives...
Republicans are sure to win - Vlad has instructed his Russian Umpires to call the game for Right wing ! Russia got this !
A moving appearance. And much better than 50 Cent!
After 8 years of Obama bashing the Police it's refreshing to see even the Dems and CNN on the side of them. Wonder how long it will last
7th Inning Stretch?
Correction - top of the 1st of n @CNN
Tonight's event can be a game changer! Let's work together as Democrats, Republicans and Independents! We can do it!
This is one great moment in time. A hero cop who literally saved lives doing what he does best. Being in the right place at the right time.
God bless you and thank you for your service!!!!!
Hey cameraboy with bare legs and flip flops...REALLY?
Unfortunately, expect douche comments against whoever wins.
