Liberals want to impeach President Trump because of a fake Russian narrative they've created & perpetuated.  Nevah happen.
If 'they' stop our democracy is doomed..if it isn't already. Will 'nevah' get it back. Insist on a full fledged investigation to end it then
Pres. Trump agrees to continue the investigation.  FYI Please note, President Trump is NOT being investigated nor was an collusion found.
He's nervous? How do you know it's because he's nervous? Did he tell you he's nervous or is it just more Democratic BS innuendo?
#firecomey to get the investigation moving.  Comey protecting #Hillary bad behavior.  Its all going to come out.
Can't keep all his lies straight! Sad little man!
According to those in the know and their statements, that is not why Comey was fired. Multiple news items have confirmed that.
USA always has to have a boogie man,     cant you stop plagurising....  Comey was incompetent....  the world could see that but not USA
Congrats on writing a great house tweet! http://greathousetweets.measuredvoice.com/ChrisVanHollen/status/863011897968271361 … (Ranked 39th for May 12.)
Bullshit
Thank you!!
You know that's not true and it is irresponsible for you to put that crap out. You are a puppet.
and you know this as a fact or just more political crap?
Lmao..you all c ouldnt wsit for him to go when he was investigating hill
Chuckles the Clown is at it again
He also fired NY fed judge that was investigating Russian money laundering through trump properties. Rep need to grow some balls.
So what do we do about this in congress? Saying it's happening tells us what we know. Congress must take action!
Prove it.
Stop the partisan bloviating and character assassination efforts. Do your job or resign.
Thank you, Senator. As your constituent, please continue to call for an independent prosecutor and impeachment for obstruction of justice.
what do you think the Russia investigation will find?
Thanks for representing us in MD. We need a special prosecutor to look into this. Americans deserve the truth
Wow... I think this tweet wins the prize for the 'Stupid Beyond Belief' award. 
@TheDemocrats lol, no evidence, wont ever find evidence, but you know what they will find.. all of hillary's crimes.. lol
Ya think?!
Really? Could we see what is loosely referred to as EVIDENCE?
What will we do to end this threat to our country?! Please advise your constituents #resist
Senator, you again make me proud to be one of your constituents. 
Yes. Thank you Senator. America is watching all this idiocy. People with a brain know that firing FBI director didn't stop or slow anything.
Democrats have zero to offer Middle Class Americans.  That's your message! Keep on about Russia. You are an empty party.  No hope or vision!
Independent investigation required!
TRUMP, AMERICAS ONLY HOPE!!!
Did any of you fools read that Comey just said he WILL NOT testify to congress...dont any of you READ...!!!
Where are the liberals?
"The truth is like the sun, you can shut it out for a time, but it aint' goin' away."  Elvis Presley quote... no connection to Russia.
No he serves at the pleasure of the president. This was fully legal, constitutional and within his presidential purview to fire comey
So true. Thanks for being diligent in protecting our Democracy
@TheDemocrats 

This is so much BS! Democraps! Over & Over, No evidence! Is it Brain damage? Ignorance? Or just Head up Ass?
You are a liar
You clowns are so full of it. Follow some real news for a change!
FAKE NEWS!
If Trump is complicit with the Russians why are the Democrats doing Russia's bidding by disrupting our government business.
What does Comey firing mean the investigation is not going to to continue? That is absolutely ridiculous.
Interesting thought.
Conservatives are far too worried about Mexicans, Muslims & Blacks to think about silly little trifles like a #POTUS impeachable offense
IN TRUMP'$
Own Words "I Was Going To
Fire Him Anyway "
Ya think ???
There is nothing and you all know it..If there was it would be out there...Dems have been trying since he came down the escalator...STOP
Cause the Dems are going down like the Titanic!!!!!
No the president fired Comey because he was covering up for crooked Hillary so stop lying about and pull ur panties out of a wad & get ready
That's the stupidest thing I've read all week !

No he didn't.  Your gross
How would trump know the status of an investigation?
Trump will take the blame to save sessions trump can't be touched by the law damm hello!
- Van Hollen is another Democratic idiot!
Seriously!!

Acting FBI Director Says Russia Investigation Not Impeded By Comey’s Departure
Since FBI Director is not directly in charge of investigations; and investigation is on-going; how could Trump stop or influence.
What's the crime Trump or Trump campaign is accused of?Russians hacked DNC emails and WikiLeaks posted unedited.Trump benefiting not a crime
Law firm @POTUS used to show he has no ties to Russia was named Russia Law Firm of the Year for their extensive ties to Russia. Unreal.
@TheDemocrats so this obstruction but hiding a server in ur basement and deleting 30 thousand emails is not? You dems r sad
It will only get worse. We need to admit this no matter what political party we represent. The man is dangerous.
Wow. You guys,are really desperate
Anyone of you that still support this egomaniacal pathological lying psycho are as mentally ill as him !
Yeah sure.  More made up stories by you idiots on the Left. Comey was not the person doing the investigation.  His team assigned is doing it
blah, blah, blah
All this to cover for Hillary's election loss.
Provide proof. Otherwise you are not acting congressionally by gross misleading the ppl. Resign
But Frump said it was not true. LMAO
The Fake Media is working overtime today!..more Fake News!
Did you read the Rosenstein memo?  Trump like good Executives he takes in info and makes decision. @TheDemocrats okay w criminal Hillary?
Pursue this all the way to pay dirt
Thank you Senator 
Glad you represent us in MD
Looking for @GOP to put our country over their party & call for an #IndependentInvestigation
Nope never could
Dems are just afraid that the Hillary case will reopen and OH, anything that Trump does pisses you off...American's love that
Now that you have made an ass out of yourself, PUT UP THE PROOF, Bet $1000
you cannot. Pres. right in firing Comey., come on now, the PROOF
HOW MANY SIDES OF THE MOUTH CAN DONNIE TALK  that's real talent ,lying is how Donnie made it to the pent house ,er ah white house
I'm with you, Chris. So what are we gonna do about it? How do we, the sane people, take back control?
Uh...if you WERE sane you'd realize your party's full of nuts...!!!
Based on what facts? Unnamed sources? My goodness, Dems have wanted him fired since December, including key ones speaking up now.
Right!, that's why suddenly his tax lawyers say there's nothing related to Russia in his taxes. Trump wants to close the investigation!.
@TheDemocrats a gross abuse of power is Obama using the IRS to target and audit his political enemies. Where were you?
That's putting it mildly.
It's an attempt at obstruction of justice
Can I fire my professors if I'm getting nervous about my GPA, then?
So true
I FIRED HIM FOR NOT PUTTING CROOKED HILLARY IN JAIL FOR HER EMAIL SCANDAL
nope
Please begin impeachment!
Agreed. Trump must be investigated. The Repubs and VP will not do that. You have to fight for us.
...as is publicly threatening the former head of the FBI....
Trump has "prevented, obstructed, and impeded the administration of justice".  Exactly what Nixon was impeached for doing.
Proof?
Exactly, Senator. Surely, u can help The Resistance by NOT moving forward on Anything he/corrupt-gop tries to push thru....
And did the POTUS come out and state such or are you just filling in the spaces.
Bull, he just wanted to give you something stupid to tweet about. Grow up and resign. Quit embarrassing Maryland citizens.
We keep hearing abuse if power, is it cause for impeachment, that's what I want to know
Need to hear directly from Deputy AG. Sessions recusal a joke. Appearance of a clumsy attempt to halt an investigation. Trump finances?
Wake up! Comey lied a/b 650k+ docs to #AwanBrothers http://tinyurl.com/ztbfng7   via Wiener http://tinyurl.com/hhzfq6k  Next is McCabe & CGI Haiti.
Chris, I heard from a reliable source you believe R2D2 is a Russian bot being used by Putin to destroy our democracy.
Wow how do you know that?  No one else does.  You sure you didn't make that up?
Please, Congress must deal with this traitor. Impeachable offenses stack up. When will this stop?
Thank you for continuing to call for a Special Prosecutor Senator! It is the only way to keep the investigation independent.
WE AGREE Chris! You must continue pushing forward to impeachment. It's getting too dangerous for our nation to continue with this leadership
And republicans will do nothing about a man who is coming unglued and threatening a US citizen from the Oval Office.He is a danger to the US
How about y'all stop tweeting about it and get to work on impeaching the dictator? Plenty of arguments to choose from.
Last week you said there was no investigation?
Obstruction of Justice. Impeach him and impeach Sessions.
Yes it is. We elected you to be our voice and to take action when the constitution is is under attack by wannabe dictator. What to be done?
Dictators don't get voted in dumb ass. He the POTUS. Deal with it
Rosenstein is hopelessly conflicted
Rosenstein  1/3

Timeline…
Shut down the Senate business until there is an independent investigation.
how about the abuse of power CF board member comey displayed throughout his tenure?
If Trump thinks getting Russed is bad, wait til US government- the REAL one- gets after him.
And today he threatens Comey w/"tapes" of their conversations.
Something needs to be done! This man is dangerous to our country. If this was a Democrat or Independent candidate he would be impeached.
We know this. Until GOP stop's turning a blind eye to his corruption nothing will change.
Please don't let go of this or allow distractions.  We are counting on you!
This sure is and its up to Congress to shut him down he & his company should not be doing any business until the investigation is over
He just threatened a potential witness. #Maggot
