Who is silencing @repjohnlewis? He doesn't want to attend #Inauguration2017 doesn't have to & no one cares.
No one cares? Then who wrote your tweet?  No one? #Trump cult don't care bout nothing! But here you are
Really? Where did I support trump here? And @NancyPelosi argued @repjohnlewis was being silenced when he isn't.
So you don't support Trump? lol. But you missed the point. Trump was trying to silence JL w/ tweets.
Really?  "Silence" tweets?  How exactly?
Wow. You are a Trumpzi b/c you are thick. Trump tried to intimidate Lewis w/ HIS tweets. Read 'em.
Here honey... have some tissues. You clearly need them.
Burn any good crosses lately? Your day will soon be over.
lol actually it's your day that has finally come to an end! Lol it's going to be a great 8 years! Buckle up.
Out in less than 4. He's coming in in violation of the Constitution. Too bad none of you ever bothered to read it.
forgive my ignorance but what constitutional violation are you referring to?
Holding onto control of his companies, for starters. That should be obvious even for you guys.
Sorry not illegal, lib wish. Congress could ,if needed, give permission. Hotel fees not gifts…
No, they can't.  Sorry, congress can't give permission to violate the Constitution. Damn, you people are DUMB!
Mr. Lewis is delusional and a danger to the American public. He does not seem to have the mental capacity to be in office.
What rabbit hole has America fallen down that alleged rational people believe Rep Lewis is a danger to us and not DJT?
There is no hope for you!
Well, that settles it. Guess that must be true just because you said it.
No, I am stating my opinion. I totally disagree with democrats! If they had stayed in office our country would have crumbled!
And that statement lets me know there is no hope for you, ma'am. Deep partisan bullshit blinds you to actual facts. Good day.
Exactly, your 'deep partisan bullshit' we're tired of it! Liberals never produce facts.
The fuck is your problem Suzi? I'm enjoying a spa day. I could write you a thesis and you wouldn't read it.
Hopefully God will take care of it & remove the hate & lies from his bigoted thoughts & empty heart!
Lewis's Constituents R Mired in Poverty, Victims of Violence. District's in Shambles. The Emperor has No Clothes.
I hope the people who elected you see how childish you are boycotting an elected officials inauguration, and acting like a 2 year old. #MAGA
#AWAG
America was already great
I hear lightning strike as Dr MLK looks out for Rep Lewis!! Is this what it will finally take or is it just another "who cares "?!
@RepKClark @repjohnlewis Shame on you all for creating division and hate. Don't care if you don't like DJT you work for us
In honor of #MLKday2017 and @repjohnlewis  get in #goodtrouble and boycott inauguration.
boycott if you must dopes...   here is a secret he is still going to be president.....
Ur right but for how long? Lowest approval rating in HISTORY!
? Um 4 years regarfless....lowest approval rating it will go lower once he takes phones
not necessarily #IMPEACHMENT 4 ethical issues & being a TRAITOR
Love to hear libs talk about traitors #projection
anyone who defends Putin over USA is a traitor
who is defending Putin over USA? I served have you?
hey Nanci, it's called a peaceful transfer of power ... DA
pillow?
@JonHewettWWJ @repjohnlewis is a man of true integrity & strength. Lowlifes like @realDonaldTrump lack this strength 2 be a man
@NancyPelosi ... are you attending the Inauguration? If not you are NOT a legitimate member of congress.
Trump's racist #microaggression against Rep. Lewis singling his district out 4 crime shows again his true colors
Can you check into Trump firing DC Nat'l Guard ldr. 1/20.  Is it real and why?  Thank you.
becaus Trump wants to shut down the @womensmarch
No chance of being that.
One of the things I admire most about him: You can't shut the man up. Gutsiest guy in two shoes.
Well according to @HillaryClinton John is a danger to the Democracy since he won't accept the election results...
Yes we know his racist rhetoric has not been stopped He is a full blown race baiter = job security
I hope you're planning to skip the inauguration. I speak as a constituent.
I do not wish to silence him. I want him to behave like a patriot, respect and support the office of president
The PE doesn't respect the office. He doesn't deserve our respect.
@iamshara @repjohnlewis please let John Lewis give Dem response to State of the Union
Remember, it was democrats back in the 60s fighting against civil rights and desegregation.
@RepHankJohnson @repjohnlewis Nobody what's you there anyway. He is irrelevant. Perfect example for term limits.
I will be glad the day you retire. Hurry
Shame on you Pelosi…no one is telling him what to say. But the same Constitution says Trump was elected.
Trump being elected is up for debate. Any other country would throw out results and do over.
but you take for granted the rights you have here and assume the whole world has them
There was no proof that needed to be done. Your suggestion would create revolt.
No one is trying to silence Lewis Nance, we are just asking for respect.
like the respect Republicans gave Pres Obama when they shut down the government?
The Gov was shut down due to budget issues. Where were you ?
I was was watching& r you saying it didn't have anything to do with blocking the Pres
when have you seen trying to incite riots on Inauguration Day. Dems are shameless
what are you talking about? Riots?
If you mean my mention of my Father.. I mean war, to keep us free to have this conversation.
Tell him from half of America that we will not stand for an elected official not respect our votes. Un American
Less than half. Numbers don't lie.
Our President is elected by electoral votes, not popular vote which included illegal & dead people.
Another Drumpfer who believes fiction spewed by RW fake news. Never happened. FACTS don't lie.
Electoral votes elect the President for over 200 years. @realDonaldTrump  won. Sour Grapes.
I didn't say a word about electoral votes.  YOU chose to ignore the human numbers
Do you understand our president is elected by electoral votes. Popular does not matter
@Rosie you need to retire
speaking nonsense and not the truth has consequences
#StillMySpeaker
Pelosi read Rasmussen polls for this week.  Majority voters say this delegite action by Dems is wrong. Stop Hate
The working class of all races elected this man….are we not equal to you? You denigrate us by just implying.
One person, One vote...the majority of American peope voted Hillary.
The majority in one state. He won 30 states. We are “united” states that get to decide leader.
We are all united! Each and everyone of our votes should count! One vote each!! One person; One vote.
Please stand with @repjohnlewis to boycott inauguration & state the illegitimacy of this election until a full investigation
Talks of attacks always come from the "conservative Christians". Funny, huh?
He defends himself? Really? So why did Spicer implore citizens to be nice? http://www.politicususa.com/2017/01/01/trumps-press-secretary-begs-american-people-stop-mocking-donald-trump.html …
That's when you know  your opponent has no ideas
Good to know what Trumps is
Please listen to rank and file. Democrats are itching for a fight. We're not going to take GOP bs any more!
Ahead of Trump's inauguration, let us remember, Democrats tried to silence the American people and failed. #MAGA
I kinda thought that was the  Russians, examples of Dems, please.
Have the balls to post in your real ID & I'll give you the time of day. @NancyPelosi @repjohnlewis
@RepCummings @repjohnlewis obama leaves a legacy of massive debt and Obamacare democrats party of the past they'll never win
Some African Americans praise Lewis past but calls out presence stance:
@RepLloydDoggett @repjohnlewis the dems tried to silence during the civil rights era.
Only recognizing President's that you like and deem "legitimate" is not American it's anti-American.  John Lewis is anti-American and should be stripped of his seat in congress.
Who wants that? You're views are not grounded in facts.
She wants all that bloodshed? Look, I support DJT but I don't want anyone to ever think I'm like you
Why does she want to bring them here? Really, blood thirsty criminals, what purpose does it serve?
Your conduct is unbecoming. As a Trump supporter, I despair seeing such outlandishness.
#turnallstatesred time to drain the swamp, of these democratic an
Merican destroyers
It would help if all Democrats in elected positions were much more like him.
It would help if ALL democrats in elected positions would step down from their power grab.
Take your hammer and sickle and pester someone else
двигаться вдоль товарища у вас нет места здесь
You have no place in America.
I was born here so of course I do. I. Am. A. Citizen. Don't you love it.
@RepCummings @repjohnlewis As a White male long-time Dem who voted for Trump you are a Disgrace to the Democratic Party
nobody tried to silence him. Just pointed out he's doing a shit job. You can relate.
@RepJohnYarmuth @repjohnlewis How does California Pelosi n Gov Brown live W/Legalized Child Prostitution? MLK would disapprove.
there were 800 BLM marches last year. It's not 1965 anymore Nancy.
Indeed hence why Trump shouldn't be spreading racist rooted #fakenews. Nice try. U failed! 
i'm not a trump supporter, idiot.
Who will carry his torch and the ones in spirit of #MLK moving forward?
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews behavior of the Democrats is treasonous Trump is "The Lion from da North" 4days GOTRUMP
There are no Americans beyond reproach: Trump was the only one with guts enough to correct Lewis: A leader #MAGA
sour grapes from lib loons. Grow up and get over our president ELECT TRUMP! We put up with bo for 8 to bad..
@RepEsty @repjohnlewis The real racist and bigot is JLewis. How dare you, PRESIDENT-E Trump IS the US President-E....Thank God!
@repjohnlewisTrump took up for himself and called out Lewis on his sorry handling of his congressional duties. Can't take it
Then join him in his boycott. Tell The Racist Rapist, @realDonaldTrump he is illegitimate!
Trump is no match for Lewis!
term limits, need I say more ?
DJT is a traitor 2 America & an illegitimate PEOTUS.FIGHT him! Block him any way U can INVESTIGATE him & trolls!
,..John Lewis will effectively silence  himself by by failing to attend our  nation's presidential inauguration!!
ms pelosi I have been a long time supporter of you.I believe you will do what's right & boycott the inauguration
But he got grabbed by the pussy, by the Trump Train!
There you go again, trying to divide the country. This is why the dems lost control of the house, senate, etc.

Your point? There were legitimate ?s when SCOTUS appointed a president & decided a political ?
Why did John Lewis LIE about this being his 1st inauguration he will miss? Cuz he is a FRAUD!
Yet Trump lies to ur face on daily basis in a pathological manner and you don't call him a FRAUD
You're just a sheep who buys all the BS propaganda they throw at you...Good luck cuz your gonna need it
.@NancyPelosi @RepCummings @repjohnlewis Lewis has a right to speak, but we are not obligated to listen or follow his anti-American views.
Ahead of #Inauguration2017 let us remember that many have tried to silence @realDonaldTrump. All have failed.
The Black Leadership is to blame for any increase in the Racial Problem in the US ,listen to what is said.
Robert & Rebekkah Mercer billionaire puppet masters of Bannon, @KellyannePolls Breitbart #OutRobMercer
I told you all Vladimir Putin and @JamesComeyFBI did help @realDonaldTrump  win election to get all sanction lifted.  why all ?
please do Nancy. This man is an ignorant dictator why not stop him now.
LEWIS& Pelosi America has been watching you lying piecesof garbage tear eachother to pieces withyour orgyof hate
@RepCummings @repjohnlewis call for a complete democratic boycott of the inauguration
Nancy, no one's depriving him from speaking. He's reminded that disrespecting PEOTUS IS A 2-WAY STREET!
will you stand with him then and no attend inaugural?  Actions speak louder than words.
Because he never done anything but flap his mouth
Hope you are NOT comparing MLK to John Lewis  Not even in same "area code" let alone "ball park"...
Many have tried to silence Trump supporters but they have failed!
#coward @realDonaldTrump only u would lash out selfish never did a thing in 70 yrs
FUNNY...OK TO ATTACK BEN CARSON THOUGH...LIBERAL LOGIC
@chaosrxn @repjohnlewis But they still raised the debt ceiling by $9 trillion...and you don't condemn that. Grow a spine!
drain the swamp...please go away
Ma'am..Sir..I am sorry for the disparaging comments about your legacy Sir..been fighting all my life times 2..
that's for god-damn sure. the man will NOT listen.
@RepBarbaraLee @repjohnlewis @TheDemocrats should come home to their districts & protest w/ their constituents! #TheResistance
Support @repjohnlewis by not attending the swearing in on Friday

You are gross Pelosi, you are on your way out, you want to say anything to be consequential.
his racism (JL) is disgrace but provides his legitimacy!  SAD
@Rosie @repjohnlewis your race card has been revoked. Near 50% of voters & a the marjority of States have muted your narrative
Who is silencing Lewis? Nobody.
I believe he started it with the disrespect which is common with @HouseDemocrats
@RepCummings @repjohnlewis Boycott? Way to bring people together it's not about politics it's about America!
Keep@digging that hole deeper hypocrites.
Apparently you too have the attitude of divide! Shame on all of you
Lewis's Logic Unintelligible. Lewis is Arrogant, Intolerant, Obstinate, Dogged; All of which R Intelligible, Sad
Stop trying to silence a man w/ integrity, morals & passion for human equality. Focus on silencing trumps Twitter
I certainly would not to silence John Lewis because when he speaks out he shows how stupid he is.
@JeffreyGuterman @repjohnlewis
& b/c of who or what he is he should get a pass on saying anything he wants? If u say something stupid u shld b called out #think
am on the outside Looking  n n I see the things that Trump is doing number 1  tweeting to let Putin no every move
dont letvhim turn presidency into a reality tv show #usanotrealitytv
@summerbrennan @repjohnlewis Then do not install an illegal prez +honor him +the American people. Do not put us in harms way.
I hate you.
Lets just inaugurate him and we will see what we get.  Just like you said about obama care.
Maybe all that support John Lewis will join him and not attend the inauguration or delay it due to investigation?
Congressman John Lewis, " a holier-than-thou publicity seeker", says Wiki.  Truer words........
Please stand with @repjohnlewis and boycott the inauguration of this #illegitimatePresident
please don't attend the inauguration. Democracy is at stake and trump is illegitimate; the message sent is part of the fight.
You're a LUNATIC.
You and he both need to support Trump
I saw you "guarantee" Trump would never be President of the United States. Your word is nothing.
Many have tried to figure out your Botox problem.  All have failed.
when he lies and insults our President someone needs to school him. He is wrong.
@RepDianaDeGette @repjohnlewis Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
Get off the Gov dole. Poster Children 4 Term Limits
That's when the media...mass media helps your goofy cause - and media keeps the racism alive and well.
Lewis ignored King's teachings and became a race-baiter rather than a builder and binder. Too bad.
@RepDanKildee @repjohnlewis mind your districts interests. What have you done for them? You've lost touch with America.
Mr Lewis is an UNBELIEVABLE man,I couldn't be more proud of all the work he's done over the years #MLKday2017
My Father was a WWII Hero...  but still a Man.  Just like Lewis.. he did something 50yrs ago.. still a man.
#IStandWithJohnLewis
.@NancyPelosi But will you join him in boycotting the inauguration?
@Rosie @repjohnlewis just go away alreAdy, Nancy
who the hell is John Lewis?
@jessemermell @repjohnlewis --join @repjohnlewis in refusing to honor the inaugural of an illegitimate POTUS, @realDonaldTrump.
He is the people and we are him! From where the struggle began to now, where is seems to have reemerged.
no one is trying to silence Lewis, explain WHY? political agenda? what about helping all of us?
Run for POTUS in 2020, u and biden, dream team!! Can't lose! #easiestrepublicanwinever
Never will. @realdonaldtrump and his supporters don't respect anything. Proud of their ignorance of history.
@RepYvetteClarke @repjohnlewis @polita1 DEMOCRAT communist are GARBAGE , YOU NO Help people,just money for you packets,$$$$
@InSpiteOfTrump @repjohnlewis The GOP & Dems have tried to silence anti war activists, too.
Please #boycotttheinauguration and march with us in SF! @WomensMarchBay
2 bad we can not silence you either. still have'nt answered my ques.about your Plan
John! You tried to shove minorities , illegals and minority culture down  our throats.
You should know about Big Mouths, Nancy. You are in possession of one of the biggest!!
@RepBarbaraLee @repjohnlewis Why would anyone silence you when you're acting like morons? #MAGA
#TRUMP  NOT LEGITIMATE PREZ.??  Definite signs of #DEMENTIA #ALZHEIMERS.  #ACA covers #MentalHealth !  USE IT!
.@NancyPelosi @repjohnlewis So honor him by NOT attending illegitimate inauguration!  #GoodTrouble
Let us also remember that MLK was a Republican.
Democrats fought to keep Jim Crow during that time. WTF would anyone believe he was Democrat?
@RepBarbaraLee @repjohnlewis #StandWithLewis on Inauguration Day and join the boycott
Listen to the PEOPLE.WHAT ARE YOU DEMOCRATS AFRAID OF
What r u remembering the fact the government killed him?
he is silencing himself by simply not going
Two more complete wastes of perfectly good DNA, Shut up.. Just #ShutUp #YourSideLost
I'm looking forward to JAMES EARL RAY Day
https://plus.google.com/+Phacharinsueprasert …
See what you do
Shame on you
Lewis initiated this interaction

You turned it around on Trump
Perfectly said!
Wish you all knew how childish you all look to so many Americans because your candidate lost.  Grow up.
Please join @repjohnlewis and boycott the inauguration.
Thank you for your service.  Please be strong for us in the coming years.
Trump can. Read FBI's MLK recordings. U r out of touch.
:
Put your money where your tweets are and boycott the inauguration then. Talk is cheap. 
@repjohnlewis
Boycott the inauguration Nancy!
you look like Jeb, only a BIGGER loser.
nobody told trying to silence him, Lewis was disrespecting the pres elect and he responded
24 REAL House Dem Reps. (so far) are BOYCOTTING the #illegitimatepresident inauguration. Plz lead them ALL. out!
Nancy All must Boycott, Boycott show them its not ok
You need to be silent.. You're one of the reasons along with these others , why I voted Trump.
are you boycotting the inauguration?
stand with @repjohnlewis and your other collegue,  boycott the inaguration!
Maybe we should just ask him politely, to shut the hell up.
Give me a break!!! Please change that lady's diaper!!!!
