So sad that people don't care that health care will not be affordable. USA-third world county for health care.
CHAFFETZ, MULVANEY, MACARTHY, RAND, GRASSLEY, PRICE, GRAHAM, COMEY, LOFT, TRAITORS WORK FOR PUTIN. LOCK THEM UP.
You're a commie and a traitor
24 million! Its a streched lie! 24 million on Obamacare when it ends will have the option of purchasing a new plan. Face the truth!
All we got was sick E.Warren. No thank you.
Why is this not being covered by the media @CNN @MSNBC @jaketapper @wolfblitzer @maddow @Lawrence @JoyAnnReid @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi
Shut up chuck!!
you snake
If I want to watch babies have temper tantrums Ill go visit my 4 yr old niece.
The Obamacare experiment failed. The country has to move forward.If the Dems want to obstruct instead of working together, fine.
@ChrisVanHollen @SenateDems Maryland rates going up 50% next year!!! Thx Chris! Keep fighting for BROKEN ACA!
IRS 19 millon pay up to $1000 in fines because they will not sign up for Obamacare!  Something has to be done? Stop complaining & do!

All you can say is NO but have no solution yourself.
STOP THE BS! #MAGA #SNAKE
Dont cry Chuckles.
Another Socialist Democratic love in?
Yes, please continue to waste our time with a negative rally... and of course get your air time doing it.
SPEAK WITH DEMOCRATIC PARTY LAWYERS ACLW GET TOUGH IMPEACH HIM PRISON FOR ADMINISTRATION JARED IVANKA FLYNN GOP,
time to cross the aisle, make new relationships, compromise for the greater good of AMERICA. Show leadership (grow a pair), join when ivited
We sure wish you would do what's best for the American people. Currently we don't matter to you
Chuck, if this bill passes in Congress, you guys need to sqwash it. 24 million Americans will lose their health care insurance.
Its a streched lie! 24 million on Obamacare when it ends will have the option of purchasing a new plan. Stop believing the bullshit
Schumer is out of his league. The new health care bill is good for Americans. Obamacare is destructive. That's what the Socialist Dems want

Go get 'em Senator!
If I wanted to see a bunch of old people whining, bitching, farting, smelling of incontinence, I'd go to Golden Corral during early bird.
Why not you are a fool that opposes anything that does not destroy America!
It must be one hell of a traveling circus
This is crazy - Congessmen & Senators should be voting on and be required to have the same healthcare as citizens.
Why is this not being covered @CNN @MSNBC

I wish just once u could put your hatred for Trump aside and do what's right for the American people and Country. I hope America takes note

Everyone with half a brain knows obamacare was designed to fail as a step toward a socialized system.
No offense, sir, but #Dems are the biggest of hypocrites, witness that vile SIT IN over #PulseShooting

Only DT&Co. is worse.
#NeverTrump
Is there a freak show where they promote opportunity for our American kids? This guy is a complete fraud
Chucky stay in your luxury office and have a cup of coffee 106 days Chucky of doing nothing not a dam thing done except complain for USA usa
Whoop de do
Fight for us!

YES LET SEE THUGS PREY ON INNOCENT PEOPLE.
It's obvious now that Dems knew ACA would fail so Hillary could implement single payer...but that idea was foiled & any "fix" is a bad idea
That's right resist u Smuck. ACA is a failure and it's your fault.
I'm have always been a Dem & happy that my Dem congress ppl stand up for the ppl GOP is about country/corp & not the ppl DEMS REMEMBER 2018
March of the dead
Muscle up .
Take them down.
You should have rallied against Obamacare Chucky. Now GOP has to clean up your mess!! #termlimits
Great, but what's your plan Senator? You passed Obamacare, then you read it, and now it's failing. Dump more $ into it? 20 trillion in debt
And now the swamp worms float to the surface looking for more blood to drink. Sleazy.
TY TY TY! <e
Rebuke the Evil Trump Administration!!!  Bring back American values.
Thank you  Sen Schumer
Thank Chucky for what doing nothing. I don't think so useless idiot his mommy would spank his butt for is lies. Man upstairs is watching him
Obstruction is your go to move. You are a coward.
Vote no

Poor little snowflake you haven't seen anything yet our president Donald Trump will have a minimum three nominees on the Supreme Court ha ha 
