JUST OUT: Here's a summary of the Graham-Cassidy repeal. Yes, it's that bad.

Spread far and wide if useful. 
We’ve already been over this, @SenateGOP. Americans want to keep their healthcare. They want us to work together to fix, NOT sabotage.
Instead of another repeal bill cooked up behind closed doors, we need to focus on bipartisan efforts to stabilize our health care system.
Proof they are heartless and maybe countryless cuz they ain't working for America!
The Lindsey/Graham bill steals money from Blue States that implemented ACA properly & gives it to Red ones that didn't. Financial civil war.
The Lindsey/Graham bill should please our international enemies-it further divides US. Why would Graham & Cassidy want this? #UnAmerican
https://fas.org/sgp/crs/misc/R43194.pdf …  How about you give voters the same plan congress has, since you work for the voters, they don't work for you.
This is exhausting, but we must continue to fight!#Resist #GrahamCassidy
Sen. Do you have ANY solutions or suggestions that DOESN'T require more taxpayer dollars ? 
Maybe if you Dems worked with GOP or listen other than pass/read the ACA bill after we the Americans would be here in first place. .
So what your president bestowed upon us is so great?  The People losing Medicaid wouldn't be people able bodied to work would they?
PLEASE retweet this latest GOP plan to repeal ACA/Obamacare-US Governors Amer Heart AARP many OPPOSE-won't get CBOscore
Puertoricans residents of Maryland need a strong voice in congress to aid Puerto Rico now! #PuertoRicoRelief
My family works for a living - and they cannot afford health insurance plans that cost more than mortgage payments & have huge deductibles.
And yet neither you nor Cardin supported Bernie's bill. 
Why can't our congressmen & senators work together "for the people"? Improve what is in place. Don't sabotage and destroy

Andy Slavit knows what he's talking about this is a most read. No hype. Resist and destroy this attack by GOP.
You already did that.
And Obamacare is working so well for us all.
@DeepInTheHills Solution rid America of the GOP. They are bought and paid for !! Never will they help working Americans !
Can't dismantle that which is completely f-ed up in the first place. It's done. It's dead. It just hasn't fallen over yet.
Hopefully they will succeed this time
And....Republicans will be more likely to vote for it due to Bernie making noise on Medicare 4 All. He needs to jump on board to repair ACA!
I hope they succeed
The exchange subsidies need to go. File an tax return to get the refund.
There WAS no healthcare in this country in 2009!!!
Sir, to any other Country the DECA people would be highly valued. Speak English, Educated, but it is the States blindness in discrimination,
Ppl care more abt the 2nd amdmt than healthcare

This is great! Pass it and let POTUS make it Law! Bout time! I'm tired of getting ripped off! No more redistribution! No single payer!
Forgot to add "ends large profit for insurance companies and crooked politicians "
My senator, Marco Rubio' s web site is temporarily unavailable due to maintenance. How convenient.
Graham-Cassidy need to RESIGN TODAY. This TrumpCare bill is just more GOP bullsite !
This is so crazy insane what are they doing to health so wrong.
They won't stop until they inflict the most egregious and mean spirited bill on the American public they work incessantly to harm !
Please read this!!!! This is so dangerous everybody!!! We can't let this happen!!!
Dismantling is necessary, unless Chris you are willing to pay the exorbitant premiums and deductibles. Affordable is the purpose and focus!
@CoryBooker @ASlavitt Big Picture...very much from Ayn Rand's playbook on how to purge poor & unequals (POC) from society.
Canadian Doc speaks on single payer health care on Bernie Sanders' podcast....
That's why I never support the GOP
Not the first time in history. Republican agenda does not include the people, only their own elite. @ChrisVanHollen and @CoreyBooker
Please stay out of the trucking business. ELDs will cause more accidents dummy!
Who gonna keep paying for it?
I'm tired of working my ass so @CoryBooker  can keep his voting base happy.
My god!  What are they doing? I just got diagnosed with cancer Sir are my options now go broke or die???  This isn't American
I've been a civil servant for 30+ years and only since the ACA I'm getting crushed by ins deductible. Thanks for that.
Blame insurance companies & state governments for refusing federal aid. Some people are paying more but many more saved. Improve not repeal.
False!
American healthcare was dismantled by BO. Now those who have paid for care pay way more &those who didn't still don't. Personal accountablty
Taking things away is their specialty.
Just returning to a bit of normalcy after #Irma and I'm asking, "Really? AGAIN?" No, not surprised. Just angry.
Well maybe we should just leave Obamacare in place then no one will have any insurance.
You have no idea what you're talking about. It's embarrassing.
Time for people to get to work and stop living off the backs of others.
#KillTheBill
It's what we voted them in office for!!
Of course: The GOP over indulges on crisis' like normal people over indulge on chocolate.
Guess their hearing impaired besides being sadists!  How much more cruelty can Americans bear til we have a civil war!
REPUBLICAN SCUM, this party of rich white guys is destroying America.
Another rich privileged democrat who thinks government is the answer. Healthcare is not a right. Ppl need jobs where they can afford care.
Blah,blah!
International health care models are in place and the USA can't figure out how to profit off the sickness they influenced w bad @FDArecalls
It appears that the GOP Is a mental illness
Democrats dismantled healthcare making it even more expensive than before for tens of millions of people while benefitting a few.
Example scenario: female goes 2urgent care 4 pregnancy related PROB. Urgent care says: we don't do that at this level. Go 2 911 Room & WAIT
No worries.  They cannot pass it, and with every new proposal, they look more and more inept.  Very helpful for 2018.
Just VOTE THEM OUT they are begging to be voted out
Also unbelievable? That you're not supporting Single Payer.
I hope they do!
merica needs to get a fucken clue.

Wake up. You signed a bill six yrs ago without reading it. Its taken $1T to stay afloat this year alone.  Who pays; us and our children.
They're picking a scab and making it bleed again. I'm already losing my healthcare. Blue Cross pulling out of Georgia ACA. 
This won't do, we the people deserve better.
Got to watch these robber barons like hawks
Not hard to believe; they're always looking to screw everyone.
And all Republicans who do this will earn the damnation they will receive. But Democrats do not have clean hands. Expand Medicare.
Medicare is for the aged! It's attached to SS! Must be 62 or older! You must mean Medicaid! That's run by the states.
With POTUS as the ringleader!
sad that these idiots behind this crap, their states use it the most and would be hurt the most, shows they just don't give a shit
No is not enough, the attacks will keep coming till we have #MedicareForAll. Will you cosponsor universal healthcare bill?
It's not unbelievable! All about The Win!  Very sad.
ACA is costing your fellow citizens much more for basic care in terms of dollars and wait times. Why did you vote yourself exempt?
Support Medicare for all
Oh that's right, I forgot we are too busy paying for our wars for oil and drugs  my bad!!
Yes oil is our only option, there are no other energy options. Better keep up the subsides and going to war for oil!! You really got me! 
Your problem .@ChrisVanHollen is that Obamacare is worse.
Fuckboys...ijs
But, make sure corps and Billion/millionaires get those tax breaks you crooked @GOP sell outs!
Thank You Senator for fighting for Marylanders and all Americans!
And God Bless them for attempting to throw the crap the Democrats dumped upon us. Nasty rat problem in DC and Maryland.
Hurray for Republicans-#souless & heartless
You and the Democrats have dismantled health care! 20 million plus can't afford it because of what you've done, but you don't care!
Sound like it still doesn't go far enough...
Why do Repubs want to eliminate affordable healthcare? I really dont get it. Keep fighting for us.
So tell the public how they can act to stop the bill. What do they need to say and who do they say it to.
You need to learn how to use the word both correctly. Not possible to take you seriously until you do. And very doubtful even then.
You must fight hard to keep the reasonable GOP senators as NO votes & convert others - this bill looks disastrous for so many of us
Democrats kicked millions off their insurance and now, when Republicans try to fix, they claim it is stripping people from their healthcare.
They are trump's America
What healthcare?  You mean that craps obamacare?  Congress gave themselves an exemption, why not give taxpayers 1? Instead of more crap!
Give up the money you get to help your staff pay for health care nd you'll see how Americans are paying through nose for insurance!
Let it fail!
Call your senator & governor! GOP is trying to get around having a Full CBO SCORE TOO. Remind McCain to uphold his commitment on proceidure.
Healthcare was dismantled by you and O with ACA
Nothing surprises me anymore. Nothing!
Apparently you all were raised on food stamps

What is wrong with these people?!? Do something constructive like infrastructure and of course hurricane relief now.
Please get on CNN, MSNBC, FOX (seriously) and explain your concerns. This issue has faded with hurricanes, NK, etc.  GC is a nightmare.
Why is this so close to passage & Dems are just now sounding the alarm?
Could they please do something more constructive and beneficial to all Americans?  #ImpeachTrump

I live, work, and vote in #Maryland and I would like you to cosponsor #MedicareForAll in the senate. That is the antidote to the R's plan.
The country's 20 trillion in debt. Who's paying for it
All the people that also pay for our trillion dollar wars 
And what about you? Are you going to strengthen healthcare and sign on as a cosponsor to Bernie Sanders' Medicare for All bill? #SinglePayer
The repeal group needs to resign from congress
EEEEEEeeeenough!!!!!  @GOP you are literally stressing me the f*ck out about your horrible repeal/replace nonsense.  Let it go!!!
Why would a elected official want to strip healthcare from millions of Americans that is inhuman
The can smell the single payer Steam in the air. Fearful
It will catch on. Ergo-leave Americans with nothing
Look we're getting sick of this it's time to KILL that bill for good people will die it's that simple
They just don't quit do they?
To clarify, the GOP will stop at nothing to repeal & replace the A.C.A. at any expense. That's what I meant by they don't quit
