President Trump vowed to close down the government if he doesn’t get money for the border wall http://politi.co/2wnVvYt  via @jdawsey1 
DNC  RESISTING and START PRESISTING on VOTES for the WALL. If we have a GOVERMENT SHUT DOWN we will BLAME the DNC!
Right...another pipe dream by 45
Kinda of like Russia investigation for 10 month and not finding anything but that not a waste of money and time, typical liberal crap
Impeach him now.
He's destroying everything this nation stands for. Irreversible damage being done.
Kinda of like Russia investigation for 10 month and not finding anything but that not a waste of time and money huh.  Typical  left crap
he said he was handing Mexico the Bill, not our Congress.  not our tax dollars, mexico's tax dollars.
Mexico, like the many times Trump has stiffed subcontractors, will refuse to pay and shout "sue me"
https://youtu.be/sDnKdfyr2Osthe  crime of betraying one's country, especially by attempting to kill the sovereign or overthrow the government.
Call his bluff,
WE THE PPL voted for that wall to be built. SHUT DOWN THE GOVERMENT, until  is approved.
Hang in there Sen VanHollen.  We need your voice to stop trumps madness.
Ditto. Stunned by the delusional that still want this crazy wall to be built. Thank you Sen VanHollen for being a voice of reason.
Yeah could have swore the clown Obama said you could keep your doctors and rates would go down, forgot that one huh ahole
Good, I hope he does. The money he saves in not paying you clowns he can use to build the wall!!
Tell that to all the AD Military, reserves, military spouses and retirees who won't get paychecks during the shutdown. 1/
My son is an USMC Afghan vet... I get where your coming from. But there are people, like myself that would help them until it reopened.
That is what we all heard- "they are paying for the wall"
Ask the people at the Texas border how effective a border wall would be and what it would mean for them. Ur opinion is  ...
Impeach the creep PLEASE
Chris, all the rational thinking people agree with you.  #resist
Chris, you and the past administrations have wasted 10x the tax dollars and produced nothing!  Wake up man, wake up!  Be a solution!!!
The facts say otherwise.
IMPEACH!  Tired of hearing his rants... HE IS NOT A UNITER..
Kinda of like Russia investigation for 10 month and not finding anything but that not a waste typical liberal crap as always....
You voted for the  wall in the past. Are you proposing to remove the existing wall?
Yes he did. Several times. #VetsAgainstTrump
Kinda of like Russia investigation for 10 month and not finding anything but that not a waste, you hipocrate two face ahole
I have the How? Control illegal immigration & every person in US territory and it is not necessary to spend millions on the wall, contact me
Trump should be impeached but a wall does work. I lived on border and people stopped going through our back yard with operation gatekeeper.
Sounds horrible & dangerous! Glad to hear it's gotten better. Interesting that a wall works for you: would love to see a supporting report.
I hate agreeing with anything trump stands for but a wall works if the goal is to stop immigration.
GOP? Trump peevish threaten shut down govt? Trump needs immediate medical attention before irrevocable tragedy. What are you prepared to do?
I have the How? Control illegal immigration and every person in US territory & it is not necessary to spend millions on the wall, contact me
No. He said that we would pay for it upfront and that Mexico would pay us back. Pay attention.
Dear @realDonaldTrump , some of us know what you're plotting. Shutting down govt won't make Mueller go away
WTF?
He is a lier, so its always back to the taxpayers
Upset that he wants to keep your base from entering the country illegally?

Thank you! The voice of reason
Yes shut it down & STOP Payment to the unproductive obstructionist Senators. Clean out the DEAD WOOD and Vote these career politicians out
Congrats on writing a great house tweet! http://greathousetweets.measuredvoice.com/ChrisVanHollen/status/900425600124547075 … (Ranked 12th for Aug 23.)
Build the wall!

What is a waste of money is you drawing a check from us...were going to have the wall, which side of it will you be on..
If you and you Dem buddies are serious about expenses then YOU can start by focusing on the business of governing vs. Obstructing
Senator,  do u r job& work with POTUS 2secure our counrty. Don't waste time complaining & promoting anti- Americans agendas on our dime.
U R hypocrate & phony. U r not taxpayer' gardians! U never demanded& insisted2 open  investigation on wasted billlions in Afganstan! SAD
Senator, ask Isrealies on boarder Wall effectiveness. R U for serving our citizen or illigals?  No wounder Dens lost 2016 election.Weak up
Our President is NO patriot.  He is WRONG on soooo many things.  Come on House, do the correct thing: hold the Impeachment hearings!!!
The cabinet or congress should close down the potus - or the trump family should do it with a competency hearing.
Trump is the ultimate deplorable!   He is a nutjob unfit for public service.
I agree! But he has a democratic mandate! If he builds his wall, only Mexico should pay for it. That's what voters allow for - not congress.
geography was never his strong point
Shut up Van Hollen, I try to get you to talk to me and you ignore me in favor of Trump bashing posts.... and your suppose to represent me
Work to impeach. 45 is inciting violence and endangering our Republic
You tell 'em @ChrisVanHollen @indivisible @flippable
And not only that he claims he is not a bigot i guess thats why he wants too build a wall and a muslim band, hes' such a joke
@politico @jdawsey1 this aggressive pace of winning is getting hard to keep track of
Tell me, when did you and the other dems become fiscally responsible?
 Give us a break.
But you are correct the madman did say Mexico would pay for it.
Wasn't the "wall" just figurative? He didn't really mean a wall? He needs $$ for this wall so I guess it's a real wall? Need a real answer
It's a real wall he wants to build. Some talk of having solar panels on it etc. However, criminals already have tunnels under the border!
Either way: #BuildTheWall and stop Mexican politician cartels from killing our citizens. Mexico will pay via gas taxes & produce imports.
If that's the case, Trump must sign new legislation to make it happen. This current plan is not fiscally responsible & not in his mandate.
Have you passed the tax codes he needs to shift the cost to Mexico. Taking the Mexican fee for wire transfers to Mexico will pay for it.
Booooo
Fellow Marylanders, You've just heard from whom you've elected to represent you. Voters remorse setting in yet?
Nope
When will McConnell & Ryan have their fill from this joke of a president? After his personal love fest last nite you'd think they'd close!
And reprehensible @SteveKingIA on @CNN blaming everything on Dems & saying zero about "And Mexico Will Pay" >>>now a $1.4B  on taxpayers.
And although @SpeakerRyan said he's not interested in a shutdown, he OF COURSE supports the wall. #SpinelessSpeaker
Give tax breaks to homeowners who switch to solar energy. Expand factories that make turbines and panels.
Take the places like-west virginia, tennesee, etc & begin installing wind turbines on mountain tops. Start building fields of solar panels
Oh, who's paying for it is just a trivial detail. All he wants is a big "monument" with his name on it. "Trump wall"
FOOLISH. AND, IF you want to increase jobs, don't reopen dirty coal mines, expand oil refineries, etc. Change path to renewable energy.
Were you so disgusted when obama shut it down? Closing open air exhibits was the real disgust
He must think we're stupid
Only about 100 times
It will take away military and retiree pay. I won't be able to pay my rent.
He did. Therefore, we should leave the funding of the wall for him to figure out. He said our tax dollars wouldn't be used.
I'm glad I live in your state!
The government's paying you a salary and you couldn't be more ineffective in your job. Border security should be important to all of us
Dear Chris Van Hollen , question - is this how you avoid addressing the exorbitant cost of statue removal ?
@POTUS where's the Mexican money?
If you lived on the border you'd sing a different tune, or your using the drugs that come to Maryland.
Idiot
Besides we can't afford the wall now. Secret Service is now broke & the US Treasury wont be far behind at Trump's rate. Hold off on the wall
Maybe he means he'll shut down the MEXICAN govt. Which actually would be worse.
Not a real president. Playing president.
Shutting it down destroys so many crucial and costly scientific experiments for which acquiring funding was difficult #childhoodcancer
We know Tom Perez was a bad choice and has disappeared. Ok. But if you negotiate building the wall you're idiots
What do you care whatever happens it is part of the democrat/socialist hate group to destroy our country. Please resign you antiamerican
An "ineffective wall" is your opinion. Good Americans, ice and the border patrol want the wall. Put a disclaimer that you don't speak for us
Do you have a link to evidence of institutional support for building the wall? I keep hearing it will be ineffective! If built, Mexico pays!
Raid treasures of Afganistan with Erick Prince Academi private military to pay himself his investors and get wall.
I thought Mexico was paying for it?
And I guess your crew is the one trying to be frugal with tax money? Can we get some #TermLimits here? Article V Convention would do it...
IDEA: Trump pays for the wall out of his own pocket.  If it has no 'holes' and improves border security, we pay him pennies on the dollar.
I'm sure Mexico will pay us back when they can. ;)
In the long run Mexico will pay for it because Trump is renegotiating NAFTA. We've been losing millions of dollars a year to Mexico
I thought the Drug problem was important to you? The President is keeping his promises, so if he says Mexico will pay for it, they will.
Isn't it about time he was pressured to reveal how much progress he's made with Mexico before we threaten a shut-down??
Trump said was going to be easy: is a great & clever negotiator, & yet, no deal for ANYTHING. A total bankrupt failure as before, as always
The only true thing he's done is reveal to us that he sympathizes with Nazis.
has he not seen all the drone video of people running drugs, it would be even less useful with current tech, let alone tunnels
Thought Mexico was paying.  He's consistent. Consistently lies,divides,and ruins our Republic. Needs removal
Trump has two personalities and the are Jackal and Hyde he has shown both side of himself this week talking to military and rally
Then shut it down you damn bully! I want to see your ratings to drop in the single digits! What a punk!

A 71 yr doddering old fool was having a temper tantrum!
Really? Making Americans pay for health care when theu don't want to?
Thats his campaign promise. So what is the surprise. Promise made he trys to keep. Refreshing
Shut it down and NO ONE gets paid
History will be shocking to read when this reptile in impeached
I think Mexico may build it just to keep him the hell out.
Every government degenerates when trusted  to the rulers of people alone the people themselves are it's only safe depositores . TJ
How can he shut down the government. If he vetoes a bill not including money for wall I thought Congress could override a veto.
It should be crystal clear to ALL that something is seriously wrong with Trump. We need to move to either #ImpeachTrump or #25thAmendment
so @SpeakerRyan is going to shut down the government, every time he doesn't get his way? Hostage negotiations with @SenSchumer
What the hell do you think democrats and antifa are doing? They're effectively shutting shit down with their obstructionism.
Bye bye bot. 
Madman imploding right before our eyes!
Wouldn't the only way for him to shut down govt be to veto budget bill? How many votes would it take to override such a veto?
@politico @jdawsey1  Democrats, don't let that happen!
If you want to talk about wasting TAX DOLLARS, let's talk about this so called RUSSIA investigation! Total bull Shit
Ineffective? And on what basis do you say that? Do you have some special powers to see the future. Just talking about wall, illegals down
If the states on those borders want a wall they cant pay for it themselves.  They've had 150yrs to do so.
Thats new
I live in cleveland ohio.  Why should my federal tax dollars pays for a boarder wall?
#stupidladywithflag ... #youareanidiot
Spoiled baby man - not getting his way.
I see people talking about money and walls and I'd like to see us talk about impeachment.  (random tangent, I know) #ImpeachTrumpNow
Not so random.  His crazy rants and ideas make this 'tangent' a valid consideration.
Well you certainly have done nothing!
.@realDonaldTrump should ask the Mexicans to shut down *their* government instead. He's such a good negotiator. One handshake should do it.
Love it!
Wow.
Yes , another campaign promise bites the dust
If govt closes, everyone gets paid eventually. But YOU get paid FIRST. #hypocrite
Obama closed down the Govt over a hissy fit. You just want MS-13 votes. #NoMoreObstruction
"Walls don't work" except for in Yuma, San Diego, Israel, and everywhere else they build them
Fact-no imigration reforms untill borders secured. Why not do something to reform the laws passed by congress. Illegal imigration is harmful
I thought Mexico was going to pay for the wall. Now, we're shutting down the government to fund this ridiculousness!
The wall wouldn't be any better idea even if Mexico was paying for it. It's a dumb talking point @GOP relies on to stall reform
#GOPLIES
Well cretins such as the Democrats and RINOS are going to fight the wall any way possible. I am a federal employee shut it down is ok by me
Why shut down the government when Trump promised electorate that Mexico will pay for it? That's his mandate! Not for congress to pay.
Exactly. @realDonaldTrump said Mexico would pay.
Remind us again the annual cost of illegal aliens?  $100+ Billion?  Will pay for itself in months. How are you so sure wall is ineffective?
Well @realDonaldTrump let's shut your job down first!
Not to mention none of the officials representing the border states/districts want it.
Seems like a typical politician to me
Be ambassadors not deflectors in your job to serve American people!!
Seriously, @SenateDems - you need to sit down w/ @GeorgeLakoff, get your message straight, and stop f-ing around. We need coherence from you
No let them keep pulling statues down and keep supporting Antifa and BLM.. Showing their true colors, not how you win elections.
#wethepeople you need to realize you work for us the people  

Now shut up get to work and #BuildTheWall #wallsandlaws 

Make america great
No. Good idea.
who the heck is CHRIS??
What's so different from the Democrats who are obstructing everything, wasting taxpers ￼money?
The White House falsely claimed there have been 83% fewer border crossings since inauguration. Sounds like we don't need a wall. No sense.
Let him shutter down!
But if the government shuts down, nothing happens, so...no wall, right? Missing logic link in his brain
Honestly how many Democrats would have voted for a border tax to pay for the border wall. Your tweet is so dishonest
How so? From the get-go @realDonaldTrump said @mexico would pay.
You do it with trade, whether mexico wants to pay or not.
He just says what his Trumpsters want to hear to get crowds at rallies (pays actors to fill gaps). Doesn't mean a word...doesn't know sh**!!
Right, he paid people to vote him into office.. You probably think it's ok for Antifa and BLM to protest in Seattle also.
Cut welfare to pay for it.
Yes he did say Mexico was going to pay for it. But Mexico said"
In the long run Mexico will pay for the wall Trump is renegotiating NAFTA. We have been losing millions of $ a year that will change now
OMG You can't make this stuff up...
I hope a #bipartisan budget sans wall money is passed by, he vetoes it and Congress overrides the veto. Total #humiliation. Reign him in.
Don't worry.  There are other ways for Mexico to "pay" for it.
As long as GS12 and above do not get back pay I support a shutdown.   Do you have a solution to border issue?
Repeatedly. Ad Nauseam.
TRANSLUCENT IDIOT
Yes he did.  Then he told the President of Mexico on the phone that he'd "look bad" if Mexico said they weren't going to pay for the wall.
He was draining the swamp (specifically naming Sachs); but that was other mind talking (the say anything to get elected )
He says a lot of things, Senator. He says a lot of things...
Yes he did. As you know, however: he's a liar. Now the federal government workers (like me!) are the losers.
