Please filibuster.
The liberal Dems want a liberal justice that will tread on the constitution!!
And they whine like little babies because they didn't get one.
thank you!!!! Garland or bust imo
I say nuclear
no on Gorsuch AND no on cloture!
J. Gorsuch's history is one of fairness & impartially, but that is not what you want, is it. Block & destroy POTUS
You mean "fascism forever" Gorsuch? Give religious rights to corporate entities Gorsuch?
Problem with people of faith? Sad. Stay abroad honey while we work this out, ok?
It's not people of faith that bother me. Many Muslims I know are kind and humble. It's Christofascists that make me lose my mind.
I am an (I) MD resident and will actively campaign against your  election. If the Rep use the nuclear option, I will hold you  responsible
yes by all means...Let's bring in someone who can change ...I mean...re interpret  the constitution. After all we want Party before liberty
huh? Gorsuch is an "originalist"
besides he must know the country is in desperate need of progressive views not backwards Quaker conservative bullshit ones
I suspect you’d be surprised if you visited the Quakers in @ChrisVanHollen ’s old House district. Progressive is usual.
, no offense, but I seriously doubt we share the same definition! If we do share it, I'm all in
do Pride parade, supporting Black Lives Matter, involvement with MAJR, and working against climate change qualify?
(I see you have a women’s march photo in your avatar. I know at least folks from the meetings in DC & MD-04 went to that)
Oppose Gorsuch, but don't filibuster. We need a deal that 60 votes will be required for the all important next opening on SCOTUS.
Is that what you told Harry Reid?
Thank you Sen. for your stance. Proud to be your constituent. We must have a mainstream Justice, not harmful conservatism.
Take a look around, Jenny: Conservatism is mainstream now.

That's the result of Liberal policies creating disasters.
I do not believe any nominee should be approved until the Russian intervention in our election is clarified.
What needs "clarification" ?
Then why the hell did you nominate Garland?
You should vote FOR Gorsuch and against any filibuster. Stop your partisan stupidity.
As a Maryland resident who voted for you, thank you!
Agree. But what's next?
Yes, he is. @ChrisVanHollen I am asking you to please vote YES to confirm #JudgeGorsuch for the #SupremeCourt Thank you.
Judge Gorsuch has a record of interpretation of law objectively, rather than making the law and creating social policy.
Thank you!  Stand firm on your NO! Maryland is with you!!!
you lose three ways with the filibuster,  the rule changes, gorsuch is approved and trump gets a big win.  dems, be the adults in the room
Thank you, Senator. What we really need is a filibuster though. NO VOTE UNTIL FBI INVESTIGATION CONCLUDES
That's gonna be a helluva long filibuster: FBI has nothing after 8 months...
Shame on you. I voted for you and I am a republican. I thought you could cross the aisle. Never again!
But wait, he was impartial in 2010, can't have it both ways Senator. Do your job, all of you
That's just downright hurtful...kidding...I wont take it personally...
Block Gorsuch He is not what America needs
CONFIRM GORSUCH
Thank you on behalf of ALL Humans!
Until we know ALL the facts his entire agenda must be put on HOLD!
#IndependentCommission
Gorsuch is a perfectly qualified, excellent choice for the Supreme Court. Please reconsider.
APPRECIATE IT/ALL THAT BUT  #FILIBUSTER SHOULD B KEPT N CS *45 HAS 2 PICKS#Conservative 4 #Conservative BUT NXT 1 WILL B #Liberal 
You're wrong. #ConfirmGorsuch 
#NoSanctuaryCities #NoSanctuaryState #Maryland #MDPolitics #Baltimore #RockvilleRape
Yes he is but hatred and envy will always make bad decisions.
Thank you for taking a stand. Where is @SenatorCardin on this?
says the man who would defend non US citizens against US law.
He promises to uphold the Constitution and apply the law, not make it to suit your social agenda.
That's why the Democratic Senate Campaign Committee needs to tell Dem Senators "NO $$ unless you support the filibuster!" #resist #gorsuch
I am a lifelong liberal constituent;I have to wonder whether a replacement nominee(should Gorsuch not be confirmed)will be so much worse 4us
Need someone who is honest, not who is most deceptive nominee ever at hearings. He didn't get $10m for nothing.
@SenatorCardin @SenSanders @TheDemocrats  no re-election funds for Democrats that vote for Gorsuch
Thank You! Please continuing work hard to encourage your fellow senators to vote against Girsuch as well.
Congrats on writing a great house tweet! http://greathousetweets.measuredvoice.com/ChrisVanHollen/status/846796034076479488 … (Ranked 29th for Mar 28.)
@SenateDems @Medium you're anti right.
#StopGorsuch
Thank you #FilibusterGorsuch 
Thank you for saying #NoGorsuch.
Agree w/ u With so much at stake, we need a nominee who will be impartial. Gorsuch is not that nominee.#no Gorsuch
@BenCardinforMD With so much at stake, we need a nominee who will be impartial. Gorsuch is not that nominee.#no Gorsuch
TY for opposing Gorsuch & supporting filibuster. Nomination fails on "appearance of impropriety" standard due to Putin.
Thank you for getting on board to prevent this ideologue from stealing Garland's Supreme Court seat. Rules and norms matter.
thank you for supporting the filibuster!
Sadly, that's how most judges are theses days. We have to get rid of those who exercise that form of judicial misconduct
Will you also support a filibuster?? (supporter from 21212-1802)
Gorsuch was not honest at hearings. Obviously he presented a totally different person to GOP to be their #1 pick
you're taking our State and Nation toward Socialism. Baltimore wasn't enough? You want The U.S. to be Europe/Islam
.@ChrisVanHollen So you'll filibuster, right? Because otherwise, mere No vote means Gorsuch gets on Court w/GOP maj vote
No. Filibuster will just mean the nuclear option and majority rule on SCOTUS nominations. Make deal for 60 vote hurdle on the next nominee.
thank you. Filibuster too?
in your short time in office you've proven yourself to be a partisan puppet.
Thank you
will you support a filibuster? Your constituents would like to know!
we need a nominee that upholds the law. Gorsuch is that person. You and @SenateDems are a danger to the republic.
Voting no is a start, but we need a FILIBUSTER. This is a stolen seat and belongs to Garland.
You mean like the 2 parties are so impartial. Please stop with the excuses..
@SenateDems He WILL be confirmed. You Dems CANNOT stop it. Thank u Ried for the Nuclear Option!
Thank You!!
Right on Senator. Gorsuch didn't answer questions & left a trail rulings  that shows us his biases. #PeoplePower
@SenateDems
@SenateGOP
You mean you want someone who'll look the other way.
Like Obama did.
Time for that is OVER!
#MAGA
let's be honest, ANY JUDGE THE DEM. PARTY SELECTS WONT HAVE A PARTIAL BONE IN THEIR BODY.
"impartial" judge? wasn't the vacant seat taken by a liberal judge? How was that "impartial"?
@SenatorCardin You are right. Please keep fighting for Maryland against DJT's agenda.
Thank you #StopGorsuch   Fight for the rights of Marylanders.
@SenateDems wait he is or was the last time what changed? Oh yeah hildawg lost you will too if you don't do your job!
as a MD voter & Veteran Thank you!!!!!
@SenateDems @Medium tuff. He knows the Law and follows it. That is what a Judge is supposed to do...
@SenateDems @Medium makes me glad I voted for you!
Gorsuch is as Middle of the Road as Republicans are going to go! He showed signs of Liberalism that we didn't like
@SenateDems your going to lose, you colleagues changed the rules in 13 now it has come back it's a bite in the butt!
If u really about what is at stake, you would vote yes to a highly qualified Judge that rules by the law.
thank you
VanHollen wants a judge that doesn't uphold the written law but rather upholds his own desires. no soul
@SenateDems @Medium good
Thank you sir for you forward thinking.  This is a life time position.
Gorsuch sides with corporate interests. That seat belongs to Merrick Garland! #NoSCOTUSTakeOver
Impartial to who, you? You don't want impartial or you would vote for Gorsuch. You want total loyalty to Democrats and nothing less.
w/Reid Rule this is just charades. No DEM is going out on a party limb if there is no purpose. No news.
Funny you didn't have this view on the two Obama appointments @ChrisVanHollen @SenateDems are full of 
Gorsuch is probably a good judge but America questions his judgment on progressive, racial, educational issues. He's no good
Thank you!
@POTUSTNo he is NOT! His conservative views have no place in a progressive country. Go backwards in your own house! Bye 
Political hack
His record indicates that he is very impartial.  Have you looked at it?  Or is this another feels good idea?
That’s right, Sen. @ChrisVanHollen! Gorsuch is not our person for the Supreme Court. Thank you for standing up to #StopGorsuch! #MDpolitics
Typical shameful behavior with basis in fact.Do your job.
oppose Gorsuch simply because there already is a nomination before the Senate that needs action: Merrick Garland.
Great Senator, thank you for being fair in this decision.
What evidence do you have? He got 100 votes when nominated to the lower court. Your stance has nothing to do with competence. Political!
thank you senator
you and @SenatorCardin are useless partisan hacks
Thank you. It's the right thing to do.
Thank you. Thank you for your vote against cloture. Gorsuch is an extremist and this seat belongs to a moderate like Garland
Thank you Senator!
Thank you
thank you 
Stay true to your values, we fully support you. You are doing a great job defending Maryland.
How is following precedent in legal disputes not impartial? Even you have shown that you are not impartial.
Thank you Senator Van Hollen!
#FilibusterGorsuch
Thank you Senator Van Hollen
No he isn't.  Thank you 4 opposing him, Sen. Van Hollen.
Thank you. I agree.
Thank you Sen Van Hollen for opposing Gorsuch. Filibuster if necessary
With so much at stake, we need a senator who is impartial,  @ChrisVanHollen is not that senator.
So if he votes yes, he's impartial? Makes no sense.
Thank you, sir.
thank you. #StopGorsuch
Thank you, Senator Van Hollen!
As a Maryland voter, I say THANK YOU @ChrisVanHollen !!
I disagree. This man has a past. So far no one has provided proof that for some reason he won't abide by the law?
Finnish it
thank you for standing firm.
Good. My vote for you wasn't wasted! We need someone not beholden to big money and big business. For we the people.
I am appalled by your purely partisan opposition to Judge Gorsuch and stupid rationalization for your hateful position.
thank you, Senator!
Good move. Thanks, senator!
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you for doing the right thing by the American people.
we no and VOTE NO to him
