Ty
after 8 years of Obamacare.  I'm celebrating
What a sorry group of Losers. They still think people are buying their BS. Trump changed the game. Welcome to the new DC. #MAGA
Get ready y'all...there will be endless Voting Again TODAY. Hang in there!
BERNIE SANDERS IS NOT A DEMOCRAT! Jesus! ENOUGH!
Love seeing Dems fired up!! We all need to be fired up!
So you want the govmt to approve your medical care, discuss this with Vet Hosp patients and think deeply.
group of over the hill jerks who do NOTHING
As a PROUD #Democrat, I stand with you in spirit & determination!  Thank u DEMOCRATS! @SenateDems #Resist #HealthcareBill
PLEASE expose Republican damage to ACA. Repeal and replace Republicans--esp. Trump
This was heartwarming to see and they're correct about a cohesive unified public having the ability to move mountains. GOP ARE YOU LISTENING
Thank you Mr VanHollen et al!!  We are with you and your fellow Senators!  We rise together!
America I am reaching out we need to get our representatives to work for us. Not trump  democratic or republican agenda but US. Healthcare
#RESIST#PERSIST!!!
Right, dems r too busy murdering ppl with fascist ACA.
Poor mixed up Demoncrats, wished they had a leader!
The only thing that can change what is happening is You. Call your Reps - let them know you are against trashing our health care.
Called mine! Said repeal ACA now before millions more die!
Stop taking money from corporations, the pharmaceutical industry. Corporate democrats are fighting for wallstreet. Support #MedicareForAll
Exactly, if democrats want to win the trust of the people, they need to stop doing what you just said!
Republicans are doing what the Democrats never did   Get Americans investigate single payer HC   Like the  rest of the world  cheaper inclus
Great Amen Trump needs to be stopped....our Country deserves better
Where is the money. 20 trillion in debt and they still can't give you services that work.
Lol

Fired up..ready to go..kill the bill
These are the most Corrupt Democratics ever in history.
You just voted 'Aye' with the Rs to take out the Medicaid language of the Health Care Bill. Which side of the aisle do you belong?? #2018
Ignorant pawns
@ChrisVanHollen #RepealObamacare
I can hear them yelling...we want citizens to have their hard earned money to go to some slackers hemorrhoid operation.
Millions have stood up and asked you to fix the problems with the ACA but you did nothing!
I, personally, hope they burn!
Dems screw healthcare up for millions and all they do is have a pep rally for hate? Despicable people
Don't forget to explain how you'll prevent Trump from making recess AG appointment.  He can't be allowed to fire Mueller!
If only you were all so passionate when it came to Obamacare instead of blindly following the messiah to the Land of 140% premium increases
Sure like to kill things
Those senators on the video are nothing more than fear mongers.
@SenateGOP pay attention
BETTER!!!
this is what we need in white house sanders
Your fight not credible. You created a mess. When you give up your plans and take the one you create, then you may have some credibility.
Fired up and ready to go
Blah. Blah. Blah. All you Dimms know how to do is #obstruct
@DNC Stop trying to take the honorable road like Jon Snow. America is burning under the mad king Trump. This game is real & we are losing!
Are they ready to convince 218 individuals to end this train wreck? Or will this continue to be politics as usual?
How about fighting until the job is done right?
Woo-hoo!
We're just getting started, @GOP.
And in the end, @TheDemocrats will prevail, killing your #TrumpCare and keep #MedicareForAll.
Save Medicaid coverage for children.
Open your eyes. #Obamacare is collapsing all around us
Yes, as a person fighting breast cancer I don't want to lose healthcare ins., but it's more important that no child loses their Medicaid.
No child is going to lose medicaid
Is this their last dirty effort,? Hahaha
Let's hear it! 1... 2... 3... #Obstruct!
Keep up the good work! Fight on and we are behind you!!! Wearing my Hillary gear to honor the first woman every nominated by a major party!
Where did that get you?

Here's the truth of the matter IF WE REMOVE DONALD JOHN TRUMP FROM OFFICE AMERICA WE CAN MOVE FORWARD!
Lol I'll believe it when I see it. And we won't.
Pure obstruction, no solutions.

Who cares what stupid democrats do, except go to jail
Democrats can't do anything because they are powerless in the house and the senate
Democrats don't care about manhole care cuz if they did it would sit down with everybody and try to make it a good deal
When election time comes where you guys going to do then I don't think you going to be in the office too much longer
as they should...
Republicans are doing what the Democrats never did   Get Americans investigate single payer HC   Like the  rest of the world  cheaper inclus
Kill the bill
But not support gun rights.
(202)224-3121. Ask D's to defend Byrd rule & offer amendments to delay vote. Ask R's to uphold rules of Senate Parliamentarian. #killthebill
Dems only resist no thoughts to improve the HC Bill that they approved 8 yrs ago , without reading b 4 they voted 4 it.
any Democrat taking money from health insurance companies is not really fighting, it is more like putting up a show.
Well I hope so cause McCain was a huge disappointment!!!
We damned well better B! Time 4 the gloves 2 come off!This shit getting WAY out of control! No time 2B Polliticaly Correct!
In this sound bite did anyone say "single payer" ?
That's ALL they say, that's why they lost.
#TheACA was not as effective many hoped it would be but #TrumpCare is what it looks like when you add desperation to the party
