As if the last two presidents were loyal to the constitution
Three wrongs don't make a right
No but two wrongs set a precedent for more
Last two Presidents and their "satellites" are not under criminal investigation.
Neither is Trump. Plainly said by Comey finely
He is now! LOL #trumprussia #ObstructionOfJustice
He can fire anyone who works for him that a left wing to keep this crap going. What should be worried about how left wing is stalling gov
He's not above the law. Firing someone because they are investigating your shady financial dealings and and possible treason is obstruction.
Please don't twist Chris. No indication that @POTUS disloyal to US Constitution.
Everyday there are indications.
There was nothing said about Him asking for loyalty over the constitution
@realDonaldTrump has long required loyalty from his underlings, routine lifetime NDAs. Nothing new here.
The Government of the United States of America is not Trump's crooked ass company!
This is not a surprise nor should it be. The Senate needs to get Trump on treason or at least violation of the emoluments clause.
Congrats on writing a great house tweet! http://greathousetweets.measuredvoice.com/ChrisVanHollen/status/872858382146863105 … (Ranked 7th for Jun 8.)
You're not twisting anything here...I agree.  Trump has about as much loyalty to the constitution as he does his wife...and that ain't much!
Why is @RNC @GOP so ready to destroy American Constitution? Unhinged
you’ve shown yourself to know little about the constitution. Your loyalty is to party politics alone.
Could you please press for release of the #Comey tapes? We want them; #Comey wants them; and #Trump (the liar) implied he has them.
I think he may have been threatening that Comey better not have tapes.
@SenateDems Let's see its Comey's word against Trumps. My $'s on Trump. Comey admitted leaking and letting #killery off hook
Loretta Lynch demanded loyalty, and got it!
I don't want to hear anything but "IMPEACHMENT!!!"
Big talk for someone who's President spit on the constitution every chance he had.
POTUS was his boss. The boss should expect loyalty. POTUS knew he was leaker. He tested him and he failed why he was fired and rightly so.
Sorry wrong President was against our Constitution. That was @BarackObama and would of been @HillaryClinton but she is a loser
don't think has only just been revealed tbh
Very true. Unpatriotic from the get go! Many more things but covfefe just took over my mind.
What a flaming bag of "you know what". Get off it already.  Stop deflecting, distracting and disturbing us. Do something constructive !
its sad, its sick and its reason for #ImpeachTrump
Seems that @TheDemocrats might not want to point fingers on issue of adherence to the Constitution...Ha !
You noticed that too, huh? So what do we do about it?
An expectation needing upgrade.
Our taxes fund advisors to help each president understand their responsibilities.
Weak men demand loyalty.
Comey was THE WEAK LEAKER. He couldn't stand up to Lynch or HRC. 
PRESIDENT Trump was right in firing him
No concern or curiosity about Russian attack on our democratic process, about our country. Only concern is always about himself.
A disturbing President:
#BillClintonIsARapist #BillClinton
Trump thinks he's Putin.
Well, the man's signature line IS "You're Fired!" afterall.......
He's never read it and wouldn't understand it if he did!
Amen! Please continue to stand up for this country and her people.
NO #AHCA  
IMPEACH TRUMP!
LOCK HIM UP
U know that US Constution  is getting old no political party gives a shit about it it's money they want 
Career politicians did not write the constitution
I Forgot, #LIAR #LIAR #LIAR #LIAR #LIAR  #LIAR #LIAR #LIAR #LIAR #LIAR #LIAR #LIAR #LIAR #LIAR #LIAR #LIAR #LIAR #LIAR @realDonaldTrump
Since the Trumpster has never read it, it would be hard to ask loyalty to it. You can't make a deal with it or bully it so what good is it?
Trump/Comey Loyal/Honest 
Loyalty refer toward an individual
Honesty derives from HONOR, to be true to one’s morals
It's Mafia Vs Gentlemen
No one was surprised. Our country is now just another one of his failing businesses being dismantled for profit. #trumpthecartoongodfather
Kids expect air conditioning in classrooms.
uh, no they did not. Quit putting your own thoughts into what Comey testified to under oath.  He slammed Lynch and Hillary.
I don't understand how this in anyway should come as a surprise hint, hint: Putin.
These are not mutually exclusive goals.
Says the party of Obama, Holder, Lynch & Hillary.
US Trumpstitution. It'll be passed by a stroke of a pen. I shouldn't give him ideas. Duh, it's not on TV. (I'm saying he can't read.)
The Republicans are big hypocrites.  They will see the results in 2018.
Both don't have to be incompatible. We expect loyalty to the boss in any organization as must. Current Chaos proves it.
no no no- this is more bullshit partisan crap Mr Van Hollen.
#TrumpLoyaltyDemand pattern validity reinforced. #ComeyHearing
#ComeyHearings, lying #POTUS... yeah, whatever.

Don't let GOP kill #DoddFrank!!
Comey's testimony blew the Russian conspiracy right out of the water. But Lynch may be the real story.
President doesn't care about Russians progress on hacking or election? Hope Putin likes a Dem next time.Then @realDonaldTrump will care.
And he got neither
Chris are you serious. ..every president wants loyalty really? every person every ceo wants loyalty now it's "just Trump" wow! just wow!
@OldeHippi Just call him "The Godfather."
True!
...yawn... Is Congress doing any work? ALL you write about is your hate for our President...
The whole family seems to think that way, that they are the rightful rulers of this country and we should bow before them unquestioning
Dictator.
Really? Freaking LibTards are pathetic!
#MAGA
#ComeyIsTheLeaker
Come on. He didn't ask Comey to subvert the Constitution. You're exaggerating again just to inflame your base. #comeyHearings @RepRaskin
@mbmartinez1993 oh it's fun to listen to all this reverence to the constitution by all the Dems on this thread. What a joke
What we learned: Liberals were proven wrong. No Obstruction No evidence of Russian interference THAT altered the outcome of the election
Loyalty to the President inherently implies loyalty to the constitution, right?...ESPECIALLY when its a Republican President! #ComeyHearings
I thought Democrats didn't care about the U.S Constitution??
Didn’t Adolf Hitler ask for the same thing from all of his officers? Last I checked the history books he did.
Bit of a tired comparison, don't you think?
I feel sorry for you if you really believe truly sad for you to think.
The pattern of behavior by your Party undermines the US government .
How weak is that tweet.
#Trump could give a shit about constitution, rules or human fucking decency !
@TheDemocrats every boss wants loyalty Comey is a guilty of perjury trump is vindicated get that threw your all's head
What's disturbing, pres Trump does not see minorities as Americans, build that Wall only around white ppl with no gates
Politics=lies, we know this, politicians lie, I don't think trump has read the Constitution, so not loyal to it,
I want people working for me to be loyal. Guess loyalty is a bad thing unless that loyalty is to @BarackObama  or @TheDemocrats
Is this a new addition to the democrat platform? No abuse of the constitution? Or simply an argument of convenience?
Pretty clear that everything #Comey did from Clinton to Trump was to protect the integrity of the FBI. #ComeyHearings
Trump has no mandate and must be impeached. Pence is part of the corruption and treason obstruction
Trump's an oligarch, he wants loyalty to himself. He is corrupt and can only deal dishonestly. We should worry about his affect on our youth
What leader don't want his people to be loyal? (That's just a stupid remark) And the Mils are as F'D up as they can be anyway sooooooo ????
Well said, thank you!
How are you a senator? Have you ever even read the document? You should be ashamed of yourself
Trump is Trump. He has no clue the significance of the Constitution. The truly disturbing pattern is Trump's continued defense by the GOP.
NO, what's truly disturbing is your Twitter icon...... Left winger much?
You're lying again. Loyalty to "what"? I noticed no Dims. asked that.
That's rich coming from the open borders crowd.
Another pattern you are just an obstruction who cannot do what he was sent there to do #DrainTheSwamp
Every President should have loyalty to a degree.  Every employer expects that.
assumptions hold no place here..only Facts.the fact is you wasted our money on hog wash !
Oh you were there at the dinner? Libtard taking leaking, lying Comey's word? SMH
Comey is not loyal to anyone except himself and his interests!  Stop fishing and let our President do his job
What job, he is too busy playing golf.
There's a hair! Split it!!!!!!!
We now have proof Comeys is a traitor. time to Execute that faggot for his leak.
Are you really that biased?The only loyalty POTUS wanted was to the people of this country,honest loyalty nothing more/less
I know @POTUS is disturbing to you clowns and I am damned glad too! You people can't run a sewing machine let alone our government!
Word! Thank u for saying that. He's also making grave decisions that effect the whole world & future but he does NOT speak for us! You must!
No one is above the law, including President of the United States.
Minorities are below the law so rich majority is above it nothing new
Fact Comey leaked reveals a disturbing pattern by Dems to ignore our rule of law
@DemForceArmy That's the mentality of the majority of the @GOP ...
Disturbing pattern from your party, Comey lies, leaks to press, Gates said Obama asked for his loyalty,  Be fair, DNC lied, Hillary Lied

#CARRIERPIGEONFLYNN: Flynn Was The Direct Carrier Pigeon, Between Trump And Russia. Trump Is Involved With Russia, Can't Our Government See? 
Did u forget to mention about Loretta lynch disturbing interference.
Not surprised, he IS a narcissist after all.  It's all about him.

President Trump requested Loyalty to our Constitution rather than Comey's political party.
are you FINALLY catching up? Yes, Trump is expecting loyalty to HIM not the Constitution he is giving a rats ass about #GreetingsFromGermany
They revealed that Loretta Lynch obstructed justice...
And what's more disturbing, many GOP officials are right in lockstep with 45, constitution be damned.
You're a Liar again! He asked for loyalty to the American voters choice for President in a world where loser hacks like yourself went insane
A disturbing reveal of the hate and bs spewed by you Dems.  You approve of Oba@a destroying America? Pathetic
Bot.
I got that Trump was not under investigation and comey reaffirmed. This is mostly a win for Trump.
Being Loyal to President Trump also means being loyal to the Constitution as he is loyal to the Constitution @realDonaldTrump
You are blinded. Praise God not hate. Hate = Satan. You, are PURE evil. You do NOT know what you are talking about. Go away Satan, go away.
Following a trend that has reoccurred since Clinton.
A majority of you clowns voted on political party loyalty to begin with  let's not be hypocritical...nothing wrong with asking for loyalty
Comey is lying.and if he gave notes to a friend he broke the law. And he testified in May that Trump didn't tell him to stop investigation
Trump doesn't understand the Constitution & isn't carrying out his oath of office. Demanding loyalty is unAmerican & makes him a dictator.
You cannot determine that, it was Comey's inference.
Its obvious Comey and Lynch obstructed justice for Hillary and Comey leaked FBI property to Press
The worst part is that he seems to be getting it.
Amen!
Who as President, upholds the Constitution. Good grief.
Man, are you wearing flypaper?
BC the trolls and u-k-whats are coming out! Eeek
That's the definition of a dictator.
He's a sociopath.
He's a New York mobster, whaddya expect ?
He's a wanna-be mobster, the rich, fat kid who watches "The Godfather" too many times in his formative years.
Which is not good. I feel we're going to go thru a Constitutional crisis that will take years to resolve & require at least 1 new amendment
Keep up the good fight though! Maybe it'll make my generation value all the good that comes with the work of a democracy and a republic
...which is exactly what we should expect from a hereditary aristocrat.
Or rather a mobster.
@SenateDems also revealed @realDonaldTrump was not under investigation AND LYNCH DID TRY TO OBSTRUCT CLINTON EMAIL INVESTGN
+glad 2 hear #Comey talk"cherry
picking" 2 detrm witness cred +BIGpicture 4 COUNTRY.
Many #Trumpers are #cherrypicking.
@MSNBC @AP @NPR @ABC
The false pres is a bullying autocratic whiny ass who only sees his way only just like the GOP loyality to party first everyone else f#them
And obviously EVERY Republican has kissed the ring.
Sort of like Every democrat kissed Obamas ring.... while he was destroying the country. Look at it now!
This is by far the most disturbing thing. There should never be loyalty to a president or a party I'm going to the USA in our Constitution
I just moved to Maryland! Very happy that you’re talking about this! Thank you!
It must of gotten leaked to Trump that Comey didn't trust him and was taking memos. So he kept asking for his loyalty. Comey was not loyal
Comey admits to leaking. Dems hired comey.  He's put the nuse in himself and send not our president
water is wet, chris.
What are @TheDemocrats statement regarding Loretta Lynch obstruction???
Only when you look at the world through Liberal anti-Trump lenses. Intelligent people know there's NOTHING here.
We clearly saw that process in action yesterday.
And that he is a liar
Apparently Coats and Rogers took that oath.
I bet he thinks his name should be spelled G-O-D & expects to be worshipped as such.
@AlisaBatiz We need as a country to keep our democracy and our elections out of the hands of Russians and the Trump Stooges
Obama interfered with Istseli and France elections. Outraged! Trump had zero to do with election fraud.. are unoutraged about illegals dead
The Constitution helps create laws of the land and as long as they are followed our loyalties should be simple. Comey leaked info to news
Everything about this asshole is "disturbing". Mainly he's a pathological lying mobster n charge of r executive branch of govt.#TrumpRussia
Disagree. All should be loyal to the President BY OBEYING LAWS. Same as employees should be loyal to their company w/out breaking rules/laws
Didn't Comey specifically state that he wasn't aware of anyone else being asked to pledge loyalty. It's likely, but comey didn't say it
You don't expect honesty and loyalty from your staff?
Comey leaked the memo 
I Sincerely hope that ALL OF YOU realize that this @POTUS does not have the Safety & Interest of the AMERICAN PEOPLE FIRST. A CLEAR DANGER.
That was the last Pres, obama, dear! Get facts. Your feelings don't count
Republicans pretend to be the party of Patriots. They are not. Country first.  Always.
Disturbing...Is your welcoming of men in the ladies room...
Lol
