And R in this case is... Reprehensible? Repulsive? Repugnant? Rotten?
With three notable exceptions!
Bad, suspicious .
What's sad is people thinking that would work
What's the mindset behind that?
The mindset is to destroy EVERY single thing a black democrat did for his country! PERIOD. That's ur GOP puke party! THUGS!
I'll take that 'ur' 2be a general term....I don't claim THEM.  Their ideaologies are not in sync with my WORLDVIEW.
Yes sorry gen Term. I'm so upset I probably shouldn't type
I hear ya...more importantly, I heard/felt it thru your words, it IS frustrating, moods change, learning much abt self #RESIST
Saw this withon the past hour, sent to my son...thought I'd share w you, this is essential to keep #RESISTING

@ActualEPAFacts This is so far beyond reprehensible that I have no words. Sickening abuse of power
The present members of the GOP are discovering that political theater is much easier than governing.
It's insane. It's partisan politics at it's worst. @GOP is willing to risk the lives of millions just to please #Trump.
#SaveOurDemocracy
When did they ever care about the people? Seriously. The pukes r doing business as usual. That's y most normal ppl r Dems.
No, this is not business as usual. This is anything but usual. This is something new.
They've NEVER wanted us to have medical ins on my lifetime! They still don't want it. This is about Prez Obama.
They had 7 yrs to come up w something "BETTER" they found out they can't beside Single Payer & that is out of the ?.
I actually think they are going to try for some horrible bastardize version of single payer in 2018. Just to get the votes.
They cud done it now if they really wanted to b the hero & undo what he did. The Con is undoing E/TH. He even took turtle protection away.
He wants his wall that MOST of the country does NOT want. So he uses his LIES about the trans service men&women 2 get that $.
Thanks for saving Obamacare
Insanity
And then the house will...oh shucks, pass it anyway..Anything to hurt America! Putin must be so pleased with them
I don't know whether to be happy I'm not young in this mess or be afraid cause I'm old in this mess.
Strange, No, Politicians are not leaders. (Especially @ChrisVanHollen ) They follow the $ to help themselves or to boost own egos.
These guys are playing Russian roulette in more ways than one.
Only if they we're pointing the muzzle at themselves instead of the American taxpayer
Congrats on writing a great house tweet! http://greathousetweets.measuredvoice.com/ChrisVanHollen/status/890768804665581570 … (Ranked 24th for Jul 27.)
Thank you Senator!
And the House passed it saying it was bad and hoped the Senate would fix it. Unbelievable!
Dems wanted One Payer system but would not vote 4 it when R's gave a chance! Don't put all blame on R's!!!
Voting present easy out!!!
Thanks for standing up for Maryland and America. We're with you.
well it's dead now and how dare McConnell fib so. GOP hasnt worked endlessly and the Americans will not regret @CNNPolitics
Thank you, Senator, for keeping up the fight!
Norms have been completely obliterated with this administration
It's called: Voting NO! 
thank you for fighting for our health care
That's what they did in 2015
I feel like we are lost in an episode of the old Twilight Zone show where a country is stuck in an endless loop of a George Orwell novel
I fully expect this to be a ruse by the House GOP.  Prediction: If Senate votes yes, House will vote yes.
It's "health don't - care... "
@GOP have broken our democracy. It's pathetic and irredeemable.
Strange is not the word perverse is the word.
@PattyArquette isn't that what the house did? They passed their version hoping the senate wouldn't pass it?
The House will pass th bill. Paul Ryan is lying.
@PattyArquette This is an abomination!!! It took the GOP seven years to write a bill that they don't believe in! Shame!!!
No you know what their promises are worth? poop in one hand and nothing in the other. Shit their promises are worth shit.
I don't understand how any could vote for it then. They are gambling with people's lives. This is sickening.
Yes.  They are using pretzel logic and alternative facts.
Can we GoFundMe a spine for a couple of them?
More disgusting that they're okay with raising premiums (their whole premise of why ACA is bad), if it means defunding @PPact.
What is happening to this country?
This will kill people

How stupid is that logic?
Can only hope McCain's suffering is commensurate with the suffering he's just caused.
I actually felt bad for his diagnosis now NOT so much. He gets ins coverage but me & my millions of friends don't. POS
Ppl better vote the pukes the hell out or we won't have a country in the end! Want to watch them IMPLODE
Honest question: How does this make sense? Is it pandering for reelections?
Like what is their logic here?
There is NO logic. This is about destroying EVERY single a black democrat did for his country. PERIOD. The GOP r RACIST thugs!
Thank you Senator for watching over Marylanders. This is a travesty. I'm assuming tomorrow insurers are going to start raping America.
It's horrifying.
Like @PRyan won't lie his butt off to get them to vote yes.
I think congress should retake American Government 101
Betrayal is imminent.
There is no reason to believe Rs will not pass it.
What is the big hurry anyway?!
Everything is upside down in DUMP world.
Please tell rural America "Hey, we just gave $1.6B forbade stupid wall but we can't afford single payer"
I can't even comprehend what this means. My head is spinning.
SHADY CHARACTERS
Group psychosis.
call me crazy - but I don't trust house Rs to keep their end of the bargain.

We will hold every one of them accountable for what they are doing. They need the voters more than we need them. Enough is enough
What r the chances that House will stick to their promise. I say small to none. Our Repubs in the House r a runaway train.
How do you reconcile that a WALL has a bigger priority over AMERICANS AND HEALTHCARE!?!
But they'll vote for it regardless...they're assholes that way!
Why knowingly vote for something you know is bad?  This is not winning.
And a complete sham. Everyone knows the deal is cut so the Senate bill will become law and Senators will get to feign shock.
Why do the Republicans feel the need to please Trump the bully? Why not construct a well thought out bill that truly helps the people?
Bcuz the pukes DONT GIVE A DAMN ABOUT THE PEOPLE never have NEVER will! Same ol story. GrandOldPartymyass!
That's pretty much what the House said about AHCA, right?
Maybe they don't understand. Best way to make sure a bill doesn't become law - don't vote for it!!
Serious Q: Then why vote for it? To tell their constiuents they stood up to mean ACA, but also that they no longer have coverage?
Chris, It is Obamacare that is that bad. Don't try to slough off the disaster your party created.
The details are horrendous. @GOP will own this mess and deserve to be hammered during the midterms. What the hell does Trump have on them?
They don't care about the people! This is business as usual. None of them have a pair between them. McCains a PERFECT ex
they're cowards. They own this 100%
The same party that voted for Trump because they were voting against Clinton...
The lies in the administration has infiltrated the entire GOP!  Minus @SenatorCollins and @lisamurkowski
That is weird.
Thanks for standing strong for MD. We are in dark times but I hope we can get through this and that you will help pull us out of this mess.
My dude
What the hell is happening with y'all
Please kick Mitch McConnell in the teeth for me, thanks
Can. Nit. Stand.  Him. And what's up with Lindsey Graham having the back of sessions so vehemently? Really ?
Typical (R) "do as I say, not as I do"
