ALERT: Reporters at Capitol have been told they are not allow to film interviews with senators in hallways, contrary to years of precedent
Congrats on writing a great house tweet! http://greathousetweets.measuredvoice.com/ChrisVanHollen/status/874669104317300736 … (Ranked 31st for Jun 13.)
What is the @GOP hiding? How many Republicans are complicit in #TrumpRussia ?
Who has the authority to make this new 1st Amendment violating 'rule'?
Appalling. And Sessions appears to be denying and/or discounting everything so far. #SessionsHearing
His and the GOP's arrogance is sometimes unbelievable. We WILL fight on. #Resist
This act alone worries me because it is far more Russian than American.  Our President seems to emulate totalitarian governments.
So what? Grow up and do your job.
It's easy to get #Democrats to attack republic. VG has most on disability and it's not covered. Scam?
@SenatorCardin Where's your voice on this new development? You and @ChrisVanHollen are my senators for Maryland. Please comment. @kasie
We need your loud voices for us @SenatorCardin @ChrisVanHollen
I appreciate the info; what can we do? GOP is making up new rules at will. Why can't they be stopped?! This is beyond partisan politics!
Divide and conquer.
Amen.  So what are we going to do, Senator?  Give us some guidance.
Sounds like a rule put in place to keep chucky the clown from wasteing taxpayer dollars.
Good grief!
Overcrowded hallways can be a very serious safety issue.
Senator, can't you just refuse to abide by it. If D Senators allow Rs to get away with this, process on ACA, Katy bar the door.
Not acceptable
You're my senator and I want you to help shut down the senate until this is resolved. This is absurd, undemocratic, and unamerican behavior.
like when obama used Exec privilege to let Holder get away with murder. The press can still get plenty of interviews this is a non issue
This is so stupid & frightening. When these restrictions start we are getting very close to an authoritarian govt. protect our freedoms
What was your part in the attempted assassination of GOP whip?
This is terribly wrong. How quickly rights are being pushed aside. Where  do we complain?
The administrations scandals have scandals
DO SOMETHING
Throw them all in prison
No that is like the water cooler conversation. I would definitely be against. Press thks it is previlged.
Thank you so much for your consistently wonderful work!
There you go again. Mind your business and do your job. Everything else will be ok. I am not sure you know why you are there? Understand why
ALL Dem Senators should permit hallway media interviews!
What are your @SenateGOP Senatetrying to hide?
Grow up and stop being lazy.
You don't investigate squat. Producer also lazy and do heavy lifting.
This is an attempt at a government takeover! Trump now is trying to supress the press&1st amendment.WHATS NEXT WITH THIS BASTAR*
Says the political party who has no problem attaching unending limits and restrictions on the Second amendment.
Trump's attempt to chip away at American's 1st Amendment rights would make Putin proud. 
#ImpeachTrump
Arrests of press will be next, dark days
AUDIO TAPE!!
Can't something be done about this? Doesn't it violate some kind of freedom? The people have a right to know what is happening.
Hardly a 1A issue
The media is no longer a valuable service since they traded their integrity for ratings.  Want access then make the media honest again.
i can tell you why because the reporter will lie about what is said anyway there is film editing
WE THE PEOPLE HAVE A FIRST AMENDMENT RIGHT TO KNOW.
OK, good do something!!
Why don't the Dems hold public briefings outside the capital? Also for god sake, shut down the senate until we see the AHCA!
Wait a minute, what? Trump can't do this!
The Dems abuse of the American taxpayer is immoral
Who put through this order?  Let me guess.......
Please do not comply with this. We need to hear from our representatives!!
More autocratic every day!!! Notice any simliarities between this agenda and some other countries or rulers?
Dear Leader and minions will not be questioned! Gianforte will punch those who disobey . Please take a stand for the people not power
So procedures on CapHill are Trump's fault. Amazing. Open and transparent like Lynch and Clinton.
Fight this.
#RIPDemocracy
#GOP has forgotten who they work for. We need to show them in 2018
Contrary to the constitution.  How do I file a federal lawsuit?
Our systems are  failing due to the unethical and corrupt behavior of @GOP,  45, his administration and family.  America will overcome
So 1 Senator can block press access for the other 99?
@ChrisVanHollen I demand to see the TrumpCare bill since it affects my family & close friends now fighting cancer
Let's see some arrests. SCOTUS case would be definitive test of the First Amendment's Constitutionality. It't the FIRST one for a reason.
Yes, let's.   I've already called the Capitol Rules committee at 202-224-2541, and suggest other constituents do the same.  Fight on, Sen.!
Well the Rats in the media seems to be the propaganda machine for the democratic party.
WHY ARENT YOU IN THE HALLWAY?
Democratic Senators should vocally waive the new rule re: reporter access.
Maybe if MSM reporters did not act like a bunch of hysterical hyenas & had the self restraint to exercise decorum, this would not be needed
Shhh
How would you do that?
Start talking to the press. Take a stand against this lunacy. Drag a camera from the halls and get yourself on TV denouncing this.
Or what..they'll be sentenced to 20 years hard labor? I've had enough.
Shutdown the Senate until this is reversed!
Anyone against this should just make a statement that the rule will not apply to them and let the others look as bad as they are.
