The GOP HC bill will kill more Americans than a NK ICBM..Vote No!! PICK UP YOUR PHONES!!!
Nobody's paying attention to that. I'm sure NK will have some sort of weapons test at a time when Trump needs a diversion.
Good.Stay strong on N.K.But please DO NOT VOTE to repeal the http://ACA.Work  with Dms to fix b/c proposed replacement hurts millions
Vote NO on the motion to proceed today!
Peace will only eventuate from a global multilingual shout - please watch video & retweet - http://www.1e1h.com 
Are nuns visiting today,
Just a reminder of some of the promises you ran on - how will the mystery bill help vets?
Pat has fought to remove the VA backlog and allow veterans to receive the health care they need. Vote Pat Toomey https://cards.twitter.com/cards/filv5/2jajs …
I'm not temperamentally a grudge-holder, but given the bright set of circumstances...
*right, not bright, sorry peeps
I didn't even notice & besides the typo is nothing compared to the mistakes @SenToomey is making.
Hahahaha, yeah, you & I have bigger fish to fry.
Van holland is a wimp who will lead us to disaster and you must be the same to join him.
Focus on the idiot in the White House. First and foremost. He is our biggest enemy. #notact #
This PA constituent (19144) demands that you do NOT vote to repeal the Affordable Care Act. I support #ACA & I vote. #SaveTheACA #NoRepeal
paying $300 less per month than friend 13 yrs ago at same age. mammogram, colonoscopy & physical covered in full. Am not complaining.
#VoteNoMTP! It's disastrous for Americans and your constituents!
Trump is threatening  democracy.  When are you going to stand up against him?
32 million will lose coverage! #VoteNo! Work with D's to #FixACA! Stand up for your constituents!
You and the rest of Senate Reps are the threat against millions of us, by taking healthcare away from us. You are terrorists. #Resist
Don't you dare start a Nuclear War. Don't let Hotheads run the show.
Represent PA for once and vote no to repeal!
As, what we truly hope, a rational public servant, does it at all bother you that a seeming mental unstable person is the President?
The greatest global threat is #TrumpRussia and the GOP support of it. Greatest threat to US is #TrumpCare and lack of humanity among GOP

See how nice it is when you cooperate with each other?  Can you please do that for healthcare, too?  I'm sure a compromise can be reached.
You are a threat to global peace
If you can't stand up for our most vulnerable in PA then you have no business calling yourself a United Stated Senator! @GOP #KillTheBill
Now show that you are not a sycophant, and vote against Obamacare repeal. Millions of people need it.
You are killing millions. #SinglePayerNow
Your yes vote today is a No vote for you when you run for reelection.  MANUP and stop screwing Pennsylvania.
Vote against ACA and u will not be re-elected. Period.
You know what else is a threat, @SenToomey?  Repealing the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act.  Please don't hurt your constituents.
Vote No on repealing the AFA. Then work with Dems to fix problems. No tax breaks for the 1%. Do the right thing for once, please.
PLEASE investigate the corruption of the left- Comey, leaks, Lynch, Hillary Emails, Rice. Push back on #FakeNews. I live in PA& voted Trump.
You should listen to Chris on healthcare
We believe government should work for you & for the millions of hard working Americans who just need #ABetterDeal. Here's our plan: 
You put party over country & your "Catholicism". If you won't listen to women in your own state, listen to the nuns.
Wow. Catholic nuns: this is the "most harmful legislation for American families in our lifetimes"; it is "simply immoral" and not pro-life. 

Your empty rhetoric means nothing if @POTUS veto's the sanctions bill out of fear of Russian probe to mollify his juvenile fears & reality.
First vote no on Trumpcare it's not for PA
Where is your "forceful response" for insurance companies that profit off of denying Heath coverage and raising premiums?
Didn't know you were still around. R U ever going to come to Philadelphia. You know the largest City in the State you don't represent.
Trying to distract from #TrumpLackOfCare, Pat? Hold a town meeting and vote no on this bad bill.
What's the connection about between banks doing Buisness Iran and n. Korea and is it enforceable
ok, now about the H/Care vote tomorrow, that no one KNOWS what's in it yet?
You guys didn't worry much about NK when Obama was in office.
#cowardtoomey
Tomorrow's vote 2 repeal the ACA threatens healthcare for hundreds of thousands of PA citizens. Please vote to protect the ACA & PA citizens
Be a patriot and listen to your constituents and vote NO on the repeal of ACA tomorrow.
Please do not vote to repeal. I need ACA. Fix it, work at lowering the costs of healthcare. That's the driver, not sick people.
Vote NO on GOP healthcare
You are a poor role model for your kids and all children in PA.  IMPEACH and IMPRISON.
anyone that dies because they lose their insurance is on your conscience.  You will be part of the death panel.
Leave office now.  We need to impeach and imprison you along with trump and his family.  TRAITOR
Pennsylvania will never vote another low life like you to represent us.  You are a stain on democracy and an embarrassment to PA.
Stop this madness! #SaveACA
You are going to vote tomorrow on a bill you do not know what is in it.  And it has been 6 days since you released a statement/tweeted
WHAT ARE YOU HIDING!!!  No hearings, no release of bill, no CBO but you will vote to start debate?  SHAME on you!!!!
N Korea wants seat at the table and can hit NY w/ nukes. Increasing sanctions seems dangerous. How bout acceptance w/conditions of civility?
Still waiting for a face 2 face town hall.   Avoiding your constituents WILL come back to haunt you in 2022
Go for it!
Avoid war
I think you should go there your self and talk them since your so great holding meetings
You. You are a threat to peace. People need health care.
More American deaths from your healthcare proposal than from N. Korea's threat to America. SAD!
You will be on the wrong side of history, backing a Russian sponsored WH.  Do what is right for the American people.
Fix the ACA.  You know it's doable!
Trump is your legacy.  Square that with you're children and grandchildren.
Let's get this straight. You guys are voting on something tomorrow but not sure what it is yet. If you vote for this, you're done.
Poor health threatens every American man, woman & child. Rep HC will hurt millions, close hospitals, end jobs, but give $$ to rich. FIX ACA!
Stop trumpcare.
There's also a threat to our healthcare
Please don't turn your back on your country POTUS is not morally and ethically fit.  So many crimes emolument, Nepotism, lacks temperament.
Your voicemail box is full again!! 
Vote NO tomorrow to Repeal ACA, & come up w/ a SMART & REASONABLE SOLUTION!! The BCRA/OORA are STUPID!!
A nice ploy but it still doesn't excuse the times you could have been bipartisan on any ACA related bill and DID NOTHING!. Pull #wealthcare.
If you vote to defund ACA listening to that pogue in the WH, you will be voted out next election. MAKE AMERICA SICK AGAIN!
I'm more concerned about my health and care and the future of my cancer kids coverage VOTE NO TO ANY REPEAL OF THE ACA. 18235
The ACA has been a relief for my family and our medically fragile child. Do not take away her choices or her coverage. She is pre-existing
Stop trying to justify an unnecessary use of force to distract the public from the treason occurring on our own shores.
I guess the Koch brothers must have contracts with the defense department.
One thing I can agree with you about and praise!
What is happening is on health care??? Every version of Trumpcare is awful. GOP process has been a joke.
You and the Senate threaten American health! Do your jobs!!!!
What about making healthcare too expensive for millions of us? How do you sleep at night? Is congress going to get the same healthcare?
This seems worthy of a like.  Why not equal bipartisan cooperation as you prepare to repeal ACA.  Why the secret bill again.
Are you trying to distract us from the fact that you're planning on taking healthcare away from millions? Disgusting. #wealthcare
7000 nuns come out against repealing the ACA.
Thank you so much - and here I was worrying about the collapse of democracy at the hands of Trump, you, GOP and Putin. Thanks Pat.

Wow. Catholic nuns: this is the "most harmful legislation for American families in our lifetimes"; it is "simply immoral" and not pro-life. 
How about you listen to your constituents and find a bipartisan way to fix the ACA, not vote the party line & torpedo healthcare for all
Sanctions do not work. Dialogue w/ DPRK on issue where progress possible will de-escalate tensions. https://www.afsc.org/sites/afsc.civicactions.net/files/documents/Engaging%20North%20Korea%20Volume%20II_%20WEB.pdf …
Agree. Listen to Chris. And I don't even live in the cities. I live in the rural PA you are going to Lose if you take away healthcare
did either of you guys talk with the leaders of SOUTH KOREA?  did not hink so - before you move talk to them - they should be a priority
Not answering your phones again?
Get your head around the fact you're a pissboy for Putin's pissboy and stop trying to destroy the ACA!
If you're from PA, you know the damage done from Trumpcare is more likely to harm us than N. Korea. Call Sen Toomey! https://twitter.com/PhillyResistNow/status/889475032895893508 …
And you are threatening to vote against sick Americans' access to health care. You are more dangerous to our country than Kim Jong-un.
we've been at war for like 15 years now, but they threaten global peace?
Yes.  Maybe.  But today I'm more concerned about my health and care.  VOTE NO TO ANY REPEAL OF THE ACA. VOTE NO TO GOP HC BILL. ZIP 19454
Your healthcare tax cut plan for the very rich actually makes the prospect of nuclear annihilation less threatening to many people.
Goid 2 C u work with a dem
So you can play with others. Good to know. Please do the same for HC. #SaveACA #NoRepeal #NoAHCA
Russian Hacking and interference in all democracies threaten global peace, what are you doing about that, how are you protecting us for 2018
Would love you to work on the things that your constituents want - don't give us a garbage hltcr bill while you enjoy premium coverage
Stop it
"Tread softly but carry a big stick".
How about a bipartisan healthcare response?
Global peace won't matter if we're dead.
#STOPTrumpCare
#theCowardToomey kisses the ring of his defense department funders yet again, still refusing to meet his constituents
What about our #ICBMtests can they be construed by some as a threat? Do us a favor and get rid of that bloated thing in the WH.  #EAEWO
You could start by pulling the #wealthcare bill off the floor. Permanently.
Well, that's worked well in the past:
http://sanctionswiki.org/North_Korea 
Jumping from one rubberstamp bandwagon to another.
Diversion. NK has leader like our own, impulsive blusterer. Why divert us from hcare? PA wants bipartisan answer.
Why won't Kushner and Trump Jr not testify under oath? In order to improve trust in the process, demand this on our behalf. Simple enough
You need this
vote NO on AHCA- do the right thing-Constituents over Trump!
IF ONLY you would be willing to work BIPARTISAN on health care!! Soooo sad
Bipartisanship... Gee what a novel concept...
How about bipartisan HC reform? Why shut Dems out? And have we seen the new plan that will receive your yes vote tomorrow?
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #BCRA #AHCA #StopTrumpCare #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
.@ChrisMurphyCT explains how Obamacare isn't dying — Trump is purposefully killing it 
Senator, please work toward similar bipartisan legislation to fight climate change, which also threatens global peace.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #BCRA #AHCA #StopTrumpCare #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
A tweetstorm, just for you, @SenToomey ...a little more than 21 years ago, my wife and I attended our first childbirth class
For now please concentrate on #bipartisan work to #ProtectOurCare.  American health first then global peace. #FixACA #NoOnMTP
My god, you are weak on our national security. You haven't a feckin clue.
You are a joke. You say and do nothing about POTUS's reckless saber-rattling.
Let's see if he does anything when @POTUS veto's the sanctions bill. Will be put up or shut up time then. How about a town hall @SenToomey?
