Congrats on writing a great house tweet! http://greathousetweets.measuredvoice.com/ChrisVanHollen/status/905533113102716928 … (Ranked 16th for Sep 6.)
Yes! #SaveDACA
Will MD join this list? 
The 15 states suing Trump administration over DACA's end:
NY
Mass.
Wash.…
So you're suing the president for doing his job? He is the executive branch. The executive branch enforces the law. Including immigration.
2)Such a ridiculous concept to me. Obama deported tens of thousands of illegals and nothing from you.
2) And these top, tax dollars that they can never receive and are prevented from ever using themselves. Also,there's no proof of stolen jobs
1)The fact that they are here illegally and hold jobs means they are stealing jobs. Dreamers cost us tax dollars, via education,-
It also relates the surplus to other job markets and links to the original data founded by universities and even the federal gov't itself.
1)And who do you know with an engineering degree? The majority of workers without jobs are low skill workers. Low skill illegals are taking-
We're you fighting when it was an executive order?
No send them back where they came from along with their parents. Americans first.
Again, you need to do your part in Congress and change the law!!
1)No. They are here illegally under system that doesn't grant them citizenship. However they have an advantage becoming citizens because
2)-They have been here so long. They know the language and went to our schools. I say get them out and let them come and get their-
3)-citizenship legally, like many immigrants  before them. It's common sense. None of this would be an issue if they were here legally
This should have been done long ago. Congress has been busy doing nothing about this.
You hit the nail on the head. A lot of talk by politicians no action.
You are an elected official of the US and your responsibility is to US citizens not the children of illegal aliens.
Yes!
YES!!
You suck dude.
The whole democrat party sucks.
I never once saw you give a damn about the Vets.
Absolutely not I think you should fight for Americans rights first.
Yes but the onus is on Congress.
Get off your tweeter and either write or negotiate legislation to save America. No POUS should legislate through executive order.
yes
Go, Senator. But give specifics. How? Where? When?
Stop talking. Draft a bill. Debate in Senate. Pass an ACT. Codify Pres Obama's temporary measure.
I'm with you!
Thank you, Senator!
So pass a law and make it illegal when it is illegal now.
 % on board. Let's do this #DefendDreamers
#MAGA #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #DACA #Unconstitutional
Yes! Thank you for your work. We need strong voices to get congress to solve this ASAP!
100%
Yes
No, I'll fight for our #Veterans well being and  health care 1st. #DACA is taking care of others before our own... do what's right for once.
Yes I am!
YES!!!
No. Unconstitutional
Definitely with you!!!
Yes!
Hell NO.
I am  with you  . I will volunteer, donate my time or whatever it takes to fight this barbaric act. We are one!
Yes, Yes a thousand times Yes!
I'm in!
Have everyone become a citizen the correct and legal way and I'm with you.
No
Glad to hear you say this. Thanks. Must defend the Dreamers!
Yes!
YES!
I support our vets therefore I support our dreamers!!
Thousands of patriotic #Dreamers who served our nation in uniform are at risk of deportation due to @realDonaldTrump's cruel #DACA decision. 

Negative.
Just signed up to do some volunteer legal work for our Dreamers. I'll do my part, you round up your peeps on the Hill! Go! Go! Go!
Where is your family from? Are you Native American? Look at how 45 is spending tax dollars on his trips & his kids doing personal business.
Trips? They are all work related. Why do bots tweet such idiotic crap.
Yes!!!
What's the plan? Work with other side to ensure Dreamers protected and bill is ensured to pass. No more politics as usual!
I feel sorry for them if a do nothing wimp like you is going to fight for them. You have only obstructed everything since you stole the vote
YES! Thank you! Lets fight like hell!
No.  Before they came here the only home they  knew was elsewhere.   Repatriate them to their homeland.  #LegalAmericaLivesMatter
10,000%, yes!
Absolutely.  They are keepers.
Hell yeah !
Yes
Let's do this!
Yes.
F Trump!
F the GOP!
Absolutely #DefendDACA
YES! Thank you!
I guess you talk with @SenToomey, yes? Maybe tell him that.
Fight by putting that Dream act on the appropriations bill and let them go back to living their lives and making the world a better place
Yep, let's get it done!
Yes
Looks like everyone would fight for people already here
Not at all I stand with citizens and legal immigrants.
No, how about American veterans. We need to take care of our own citizens first before we look at taking care of others.

Thousands of patriotic #Dreamers who served our nation in uniform are at risk of deportation due to @realDonaldTrump's cruel #DACA decision. 
Yes! 110 percent.
Yes. What can I do?
Absolutely.
Yes!
Yes. 800000% with you senator.
How about all the Veterans that have no home?   I guess that's not your concern.
Let's do it
Over 1/2 Americans want a secure border. Do this in // with DACA If not we will have same DACA problem in 10 years. Do your job or resign.
Of course !!
Absolutely! #DefendDACA #DefendDREAMers
Supporting you!
No. #DeportThemAll
Yes!
#ImpeachTrumpNow is a better solution.
Yep. What's the plan?
I'm with you all the way.
We are with you. 
We are with them.
