Now, Andrea? You should have talked about him as a betrayer before the election. Your coverage of Hillary & emails was so cruel.
Someone has to tell him, lol. I'm sure he has no idea what's in it or for that matter, what he said during campaign. But he has a good brain
Tell the whole truth and nothing but the truth. Exactly what did the President say regarding  Health care? How is it a betrayal?

BULLSHIT! The WALL, JOBS, MILITARY, TRADE, VETERANS, EPA REGULATIONS, & the SWAMP!!! Fixing Health Care wasn't the only Campaign Promise!
We have never Elected a President that has followed through with so many promises made in the campaign! It has to be a record # set!
That is NEWS!
And you betray everything a professional reporter is supposed to be so what's your point?
Thank God?
You are so right. It's almost as if Trump never said "all Americans will have Healthcare and the Government is going to pay for it. "
If anyone STILL believes he means what he says, they have to be delusional. Many of us anticipated this. Others are figuring it out now.
Crush the Trumpsters!
You're a fake journalist!!
That would be the #ACA. You're welcome.
His whole Presidency has been a betrayal of everything Donald said on the campaign trail.  Its time his base wakes up.
He's only been there six months. Good grief!
Are you surprised? He's a betrayal, but I thought you'd be smart enough to see that.
@POTUS. BETRAYAL FOR SURE.  Just like all his other campaign promises!  LIES
Well, I guess that settles the matter. VanHollen proclaimed & Mitchell retweeted. Not quite journalism now, is it? @edhenry @brithume
Trump does not keep promises, he alters them, achieves HIS desired result and announces success.
Not a surprise, the man is a pathological liar
No it isn't. I'm not the least bit unhappy with President TRUMP  disgusting with DEMOS
The GOP will suffer greatly 4 not supporting POTUS 
They r lazy/inept/spineless empty suits that luv time
So he lies..he cons..WOW
No kidding, President Trump is a liar. #MAGA #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Negative. No cuts to #Medicaid. Just a slow down which is what we need. Liberal policies are killing us all
How do you know? You were to busy trying to convince everyone that Trump has no chance of winning.
That's because trump lies about everything. He's a pathological liar trump and the WH/ family doesn't know the difference. ZERO integrity 0.
So libtards should be happy right?
Betraying is Mr Trump's strongest skill.
Everything he is doing is a betrayal of what he said during his campaign. But that is to be expected.
Trump is a betrayal of everything Trump said on the campaign trail.
Yes,like today he is talking about made in USA, but everything  Ivanka make is over sea. Don't  you clean your  own house first ? Insane!
So proud he's my senator! @ChrisVanHollen
Andrea, Let's talk BETRAYAL and healthcare
Keep your Doctor
Costs wiil go down
No tax increases
No increase on National debt

ACA DISASTER!
The ACA is funded by a tax, the biggest contributor to the debt was TARP and QE for the GFC
Do ever tweet anything even neutral on Trump?  You're supposed to be a reporter, but your bias is showing
Andrea! Did you read the new health care act or are you just going off of news hype? O care was about higher premiums, co-pays & taxes...
...Working people are paying more & making less supporting someone else. NOT FAIR! The system was better before O care. 
You can keep your doctor, remember the real liar?
Obamacare was a complete fraud. Forced on all Americans. Whether needed or not. Freedom of choice obliterated.
Lies.
.... It's the Trump Family Tradition, Starts with Lying followed by bolder Lying, Finger pointing, Denials then Lie after Lie,  TRUMP's MO.
well then spell it out more clearly please

At this point, @mitchellreports is just saying ANYTHING to get a jab at Trump. Very unprofessional.
Most of us know Trump cannot be taken at his word.  I feel sorry for those who voted for him and will lose their insurance.
Sorry this is off topic...ROGER#19.Thanks for the shout out to a beautiful legend. Mutual fan
Yes it is. But it's a promise to his Rich supporters that he must keep. He needs the $$ for 2020. The sooner they get their tax cuts/ ...
Of course by now we know that what Trump says is basically meaningless. It's all theater. What he does is all that matters.
Thank you..Trump wants to cut healthcare to fund the wall which he stated the Mexican govt would build..what's next?
Good fuckin GAWD!!
DID YOU EXPECT ANYTHING LESS FROM THIX 2BIT, LYIN, CHEATIN, 
FLIMflammer??
Get real!
Now you know how the majority felt about obamacare. Lies and betrayal. Democrats just want to tax and pump even more money into the scam.
Less a repeal of the ACA than of Medicaid, a program of vital importance to 75 million. GOP bill runs contrary to working-class interests.
Yeah, but trumpies don't care. They beat dems and that's all that matters. Putin's so proud of them!
what were you saying?  #FakeNews
More fakenews!
You realize "fake news" has become as meaningless as "the"     your dear leader et al are traitors to decency and democracy.
Fake news by definition is meaningless doh
8 years @GOP riled against ACA all the while their base was enrolling in the same program they claimed to hate  but now don't want to loose.
Like how? He promised repeal. Not more freebies...
It breaks HIS PROMISE to the working class, but it was his promise to wealthiest. GOP keep reminding him that. Rich donors & buddies matter!
And, who is blocking release of cbo scoring???
Almost everything @realDonaldTrump has done since the inauguration has been a betrayal of everything he said on the campaign trail.
Smart people knew this would happen. Donald J Trump cannot be trusted. 46% of US voters are imbeciles or Russian agents.
I don't think you had or have to be that smart
Shhhh don't spoil the surprise
Blah blah blah
There's video where DJT promised healthcare for everyone, cheaper & better. Impossible? Probably, but for him, just another straight lie.
Exactly! While I agree GOP selfishly destructive & have no intention of involving Dems. Should Dems make public their ideas to fix system?
.@mitchellreports @ChrisVanHollen We trust what you say about Trump because your assumptions and biases would never overshadow *journalism*
How so? Details.
You are definitely very bias in your reporting I would imagine years ago you were agood  reporter but now no!
all the left wing liberal snow flakes trying to bait Trump supporters. sorry Andrea--all thrump all the time. make america great again
Not really
How can you make the statement this is a betrayal? The details haven't even been released.
Did you really think he would keep his word? Not a chance.
You don't understand the difference between the branches of government do you?
Well, yeah.
He's Donald freaking Trump.
He's a know-nothing, lying ahole who tells ppl what they want to hear and never delivers.
Just like #Obama!
Cold statement of fact.
BTW - The State of Bavaria (the one that deported @POTUS 's grandpa) passed a health care bill for its citizens on April 28, 1869 - SO PROUD
Andrea...please...I get the point, but would you be happy if he kept all his campaign promises? Get this traitor OUT.
The point is Trump supporters don't know he's not keeping promises. They just listen to him lie and believe it.
yes, I get it. I also get that Trump supporters are the worst & dumbest of us & don't deserve ANY consideration.
May be something good will come out of it if it passes. He could lose his base.
GOOD MONDAY, @MITCHELLREPORTS, Andrea
It's complicated. Who knew?
Fraudulent & globally disturbed
What isn't?
greenspan does not report she picks choses and makes up
Trump is a betrayal to everyone in America.
Calm down 
Obamacare is a betrayal of America
TrumpCare is much worse that ObamaCare. Higher premiums for less coverage. Congress exempted themselves from TrumpCare
I responded before I saw your profile. You're a bot
