A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
No....McCain campaigned on replacing and repealing Obamacare.  Premiums up 116% in AZ.  This is about obstructing Trump
And now he has no spine to do what's right. Holding a grudge.
And what is right
To retire or vote with his party!
You do not vote for what's not right regardless of party. You people have a fucked up way of thinking.
Dems can vote w/ no Rep's and not know what's in it (Pelosi) but R's need to do what's right & bipartisan etc for McCain etc  GTFOH
Right is right and wrong is wrong. Take it how you want. Get over it this situation with trump will have you lost in four years.
Yeah the last 8 years worked out really well. Health cost tripled. Apologized to our enemies for America. Inner cities suck. Obama did well
Have utmost respect for his military service, capture and bravery. Am so very sorry for his health diagnosis, but I never trust Republicans.
McCain is sick and isn't thinking straight.  Would make a good democrat.
It does !
listening to the #veryfakenews is repellant to me and my family
A man of integrity????  OMG. @SenJohnMcCain ??  The Songbird???  The canary????  The traitor of Vietnam that Nixon pardoned for war crimes?
Trump is not a patriot -he seeks to divide us all
Trum
He's jealous
If he is truly a man of integrity then he would've have stuck to his word and voted to Repeal O'Care. But he lied. Not much integrity there.
I'm sure you're happy with the slaughtering of human beings he's voted for every time it's an option. Kudos to you @ChrisVanHollen
John McCain is a man of principles and integrity. I'm grateful he is standing up for what is right for Americans.
Duely repulsed although that reaction is dulled with each new Trump outrage.
He is a real patriot
The attacks on the Sen McCain's integrity by the President are repulsive, Trump is a bully, clearly and therefore a weak person.
No he isn't!  McCain is a traitor to this nation and an enemy of humanity!  Wake Up!
I'm repulsed by politicians that have made a career out of stalemate politics!!!!
Pot calling the kettle black! Senator Van Hollen doesn't have any integrity!
You may not understand having integrity - it requires a core of principles and courage - JMc had both while POW - you Lack both
He talked so much the Vietnamese had to shut him up. How many POWs have needed  a pardon? Now he is starting wars everywhere. What integrity
@SenJohnMcCain is a war monger, a tyrant and an establishment hack, anyone that supports him needs to go
Remember when Mccain bombed his own aircraft carrier and killed his fellow soldiers
Yes, he is! And so are u, Senator. Please both of u keeping fighting for America & thought for every citizen to healthcare @SenJohnMcCain
McCain would never receive treatment under ACA, yet he wants to doom us all to the death panels. Nice role model for hypocrisy.
This is sarcasm right? MCCain is your usual finger in the wind politician all he has ever done is manage to keep his seat no tntegrity
These are prime examples of why you have an 8% approval rating.
If that's how you gauge integrity, Heaven help us. It means you don't have any integrity. Means you'll make promises to us & won't keep them
Ask McCain about Ukraine, then tell us about his principles again.
John McCain has exploited government service for every penny he can get and God knows what else. And, some of us do remember the S&L scandal
Lots of 55+ Retirees in AZ, can't afford to lose his Base & Financial supporters.

Nope the video shows the lie to the voters is that integrity? you don’t get a pass to lie through your teeth just because you are a vet
No principles Trump? Who lied 2 the American ppl & sd he wld vote 2 #RepealAndReplace? McCain lied 2 get re-elected. He's a swamp creature!
And mark my words. He does not have cancer. Probably blood clot like first reported. He just didn't want to testify about the dossier
Seriously? The man has more deaths then a nuclear bomb. He's a traitor. Nixon should never had pardon him.
45doesn't get what was promised was a better plan than ACA McCain standing firm on his promise. GOP cares 4 . 7yrs of harassment &lies
Actually, you and McCain repulse majority. Millions voted for @Potus, you will be gone very soon.
Trump us a loser
Sen Van Holden, you are wrong! And your subsequence on McCain's treachery is what's repulsive
ok guy.i know you dont need to be in government cause you have no clue what your talking about.
Pot meet kettle.
It does.
You know McCain is wrong when he has Democrats "slobbering" all over him.
#Bulgaria
Dump, how dare you?!!!!!
Repeal Obamacare? Yeah he's all for it till it counts. He's another Washington wharf rat protecting his own behind.Principles my ass
Oh I see. You are in favor of the Nazi Ukraine party that your boy supported and placed into power? Interesting
Principles??? Please! He'll lie about anything to stay in till he dies. Border security? He's all for it till he gets elected.
Not really, Chris.  It’s called ACCOUNTABILITY.  Look up the word.
When you Donald Trump lay your life on the line, perhaps people will understand that you stand for something and fall for nothing!!
McCain is a FRAUD. He obviously lied to his constituents. D.C. Lying politicians forget the internet never forgets. We see you 
Your name says it all. Your comments abt American Hero John McCain is deplorable
McCain is acting his age.. forgetful, irrational, dishonest in campaign promises. Should stop being selfish & step down for good of country.
Does your video player not work?
McCain "a man of principles"?  The Senator from Maryland is surely on drugs.
McCain has always been a traitor ask Reagan
#John McCain.   The #Democrats  new best friend 
#FuckOff
It doesn't
Repulse me. McCain needs to McGoAway.
If Trump thinks this is going to change McCain's vote he does not understand John McCain
AZ, vote this man McCain out.  He's lost.
You obviously didn't serve aboard the Forrestal during his tenure.
He is a bitter man. Like a school kid upset because you said he was not a hero. At this point I have to agree.  heroes don't act like this
Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
@SenJohnMcCain is a brag sore loser RINO NWO GLOBALIST with his snout in taxpayer trough FOR DECADES
What's repulsive is how a dying man is being manipulated for votes. Where are McCains true friends and family? He must step down.
Integrity? McCain? Lolololol now that's funny
You never agree with McCain. Only now he's switched sides on this issue.
Obviously you don't know McCain's history. You are simply supporting McCain because he has become a Dem
McCain was Pardoned for TREASON... You call that integrity?!?
Integrity? Do know what the actual definition of the word is?
Bullshit. McCain is not a man of integrity.
Agreed.
Integrity? Had he run on the truth that he  didn't want to repeal Obamacare he would never have been relected! That's #fraud not integrity!
McCain can't keep years old campaign promises to his constituents! He's responsible for AZ residents -follows conscience -not their wishes.
No u repulse us
You can't be a real person
So just how many pedophiles are there in Congress.......
Listening to no-principles Van Hollen lecture us on his #obstruction nauseates us all.
Chris , You are a disgrace to Maryland   Please resign
Repulsed. Every day.
This Trump tweet is the lowest most disgusting thing I have ever seen. Trump has 0 decency.
How is it low? The clips are of #TraitorMcCain saying for years that he would repeal!
McCain will sacrifice the American people just to disrupt Trump agenda. He's leaving a poor legacy, not one that is honorable
He's been a traitor and liar his entire life. He campaigned on repealing and replacing Obamacare then turned his back on his constituents!!
#Trump is a cancer.Not only to America but globally.He has absolutely nothing but herpes blisters 4 a brain & ,ppl who stay w/ him r worse
Call him whatever you want but he's right on healthcare.
.@chrisvanhollen Funny you support a known Hanoi traitor. McCain is called #SongBird for a reason. If the glove fits...
I am repulsed. I wish our President understood the myriad complexities of .... well, anything.
Obviously by your profile pick, you like traitors!
I choose to believe that McCain held his ground because Graham Cassidy didn't include pre-existing conditions. Now my favorite Senator. 1/2
Beat cancer McCain, like you've beaten back the bill that would've killed me and thousands of other Americans. Thank you for your service.
He's a man of Washington establishment.  Nothing more.
As a real New Yorker he has repulsed me for decades. Continues to repulse
Everything about #45 is repulsive.
