Thank you, Senator Van Hollen!
.@ChrisVanHollen Thank you. Please do not stop standing up to trump & GOP. #notmypresident
thank you for earning my vote - keep it up
@SenatorCardin Filibuster Gorsuch until Trump tax returns are released. Need to know conflicts of interest. Make MD proud!
Thank you Senator! Please continue the fight. Say NO to Sessions, deVos, and Gorsuch.
and we all know Putin is advancing in Korea
thank you!
Thank you for voting no on Tillerson! Could you pls give a statement about Gorsuch? Curious for your thoughts.
Thank you for representing us and voting no!
Thank you. And please please vote no on Ms DeVos!!!!
thank you Senator!  Keep up the good work of stopping our #illegitimatepresident and his crazy actions
thank you for representing us. I'm worried that Trump is turning this country into a dictatorship.
Senator thank you.
Many of us are petrified that Trump is allowing Putin to take over the world.
Please keep fighting.
Thank You Senator! We appreciate you standing with us!
Thank you, Senator Van Hollen.
TY for representing us with courage & dignity
Thank you.
Thank you!!!
Congrats on writing a great house tweet! http://greathousetweets.measuredvoice.com/ChrisVanHollen/status/826927953917390849 … (Ranked 22nd for Feb 1.)
thank you for representing me
and four more to go
-- thank you for standing up for our democracy.
THANK YOU!
Thanks Senator!
can u please get one More no 4 DeVos. We need a win no matter how small to energize us. Any suggestions on who might be clos
Thank you!  Keep up fighting for our rights!
Thank you.
Thank you for trying....
Thank heavens.  Now keep voting no on these fools who want to start another world war!
thank you, Senator!
thank you!
Thanks! Andkeep fighting for us!
Rex is a tremendous role model and success story. I am disappointed in your partisan brain took over.
thank you! Zip code 20850
Giving Trump ANYTHING at all is a moral FAILURE . You voted in favor of Chao, Haley & Mattis. Youre a part of the problem.
Wish we could have persuaded Senators Rubio, McCain and Graham to do so, as well. Thanks, though.
Thank you Senator.
Keep fighting the fight for ALL of us! We need your voice!
I'm from Bmore and I hope you will throw sand into the gears of Senate at every possible opportunity!
Thank you!!!!!!!!!!!!!
thank you
well than you're a LOSER
thank you for voting your conscience and with your constituents.
Thank you.
Thank you!
thank you for representing us with honor!
thank you, Senator. Please continue to stand strong. #resist
Thank you. Please continue to stand up for what matters to your constituents.
Thank you my Senator!
thank you. Stand strong with the scotus nominee.
thank you
thank you!
https://l.facebook.com/l.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fmuslimstatistics.wordpress.com%2F2015%2F09%2F14%2Fusa-muslim-refugees-91-4-on-food-stamps-68-3-on-cash-welfare%2F&h=ATMjnLlZn-UoUVuUtuDNB5aVIQfG8993pWT0l-2m8I7ha6L1x4raSgnEjRonrhg6M7xSRGVvkysgZrbl_3rJeo2ySvEkDmOmaUKNc1VcLPCMTgvmUtHkLBdUyqxZI10GNRBQUb0&s=1&enc=AZPOgeBUp5gYUvjvzD8X7QTFz3nM3_SHp7PJoiHKp3Gqc-DSGKOz8YULlvmTNhxVjnm6X9cmnbOnXTNmf93DfLDx …
Thank you, Senator. Shameful for our country that he was confirmed, but thank you for doing the right thing.
thank you for representing the majority 
good work
I wish others had joined you.
Thank you senator. We appreciate you standing firm against these unqualified and corrupt nominations.
thank you!!!
Thank you! I’ve got YOUR back.
thank you Senator.  Everything going on is very overwhelming.
the Earth thanks you
Thank you!
thank you for upholding the wishes of Marylanders far and wide.
Thank you.
right on!
thank you
Thank you :)
how could any Democrats vote for him? I don't get that.
Clinton & Kerry have been so successful dealing with Putin that you are concerned that a skilled negotiator will fail ???
thank you senator!
thank you!!
Thank you for representing the concerns of you constituents. Stay with us and continue to #RESIST and #StandUpToTrump.
Your constituency appreciates that
Thank you!
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you!
thank you!
Thank you!
Thank you, Chris.  He's an inappropriate choice 4 SoS, but just 1 of the many dubious nominees for the Cabinet this year.
climate change is real. It is as real as the left using it to garner more power
Thanks Senator.
As a progressive caucus senator, presumably that goes for SCOTUS too? We certainly hope so!
Thank you!
that was the right call.  We support you.
- I think you should've gone a lot further than you did. I think Chao is a calculated player and you let me down.
Thank you.
Thank you.
And the @DSCC should withhold support from any Dem who voted yes. We must STAND STRONG or we fall. #resist
Thank you, Senator. I'm glad you represent me.
thank you, Senator!!
Keep those  'Nos',coming!
You lost again. Good job.
thank you!!!!
Thank you from this constituent. Please keep fighting.
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you, Senator @ChrisVanHollen
Thank you!! This was the right vote.
thank you

thank you for your courage standing up for a livable climate and civil rights
I don't think you went to an airport to help with the #MuslimBan  Why...? 6 year term just started so you can take it easy?
thank you for voting NO
Thank you!
Thank you, Sen Van Hollen for taking a stand!
Thank you for taking a stand against the #SwampCabinet.
@All100Senators Thank you!
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you.
Bravo!
