More lies, what gives you the right to lie to the people you represent?
thank you Sir,  please vote no on Devros
Good! And represent us by voting no on @SenatorSessions & DeVos
As a constituent of yours, I urge you to do everything you can to oppose and delay all confirmation hearings
also, check your voicemail!
Thank you @ChrisVanHollen for opposing the nomination of #Price #PriceIsWrong #Indivisible #IndivisibleMoCo
why did you vote Yes on any of the other nominees?  Stand up for the people of your Democratic state before you turn it red
Thank you for opposing Rep. Price and Mnuchin.
sir, please vote against DeVos, Sessions & Tillerson. From a concerned citizen, taxpayer and parent. Tks
And Scott Pruitt. He is anti-Chesapeake Bay. Thank you Senator.
Thank you for standing with "we the people" you have given me hope again please keep fighting
Supreme Court judge Gorsuch ok.  Focus on more important battles like Tillerson, Pruitt, and BANNON.
thanks for thinking about all YOUR constituents and voting for a disfunctional government. That was sarcasm.
oppose de voss and sessions
Please keep it up!
Congrats on writing a great house tweet! http://greathousetweets.measuredvoice.com/ChrisVanHollen/status/826518748903403520 … (Ranked 36th for Jan 31.)
you must also oppose Sessions and Tillerson. (Constituent from MoCo)
Please vote "no" on #BetsyDeVos. Incompetent, plagerist, gross lack of knowledge about civil rights, dangerous!
Yes! Thank you! Also, filibuster any new legislation until EO is rescinded. No unanimous consent!
Thank you!! Keep up the good work!
please keep up the fight we will continue to support you.
You are my Senator and I don't appreciate this obstructionism
Thank you!  Price is unqualified.
Thank you.  Keep up the great work.
NO on  Sessions, Price, de Vos, Mnuchin, ...
Please confirm you will vote against DeVos! And block SCOTUS nominee
Please also vote NO on Puzder for Labor Sec.

Thank you, a constituent.
They couldnt get answers because they didnt show up
thank you @ChrisVanHollen
Sen. Mikulski won't have caved and confirmed these Swamp Creatures, honor her legacy Senator and lead the resistance
YOU BETTER HAD I VOTED FOR YOU!!!!!
Thank you, Senator for sticking to your guns (metaphorically).
thank you Sen Hollen . vote no on Sessions and oppose Gorsuch
like Obama and his administration didn't have misleading Q&A's. You're such a yes man.
I oppose politicians using TARP money to finance their campaigns.  Do you?
TY! Please #WithholdConsent on ALL nominees until Bannon is out and the Muslim ban has been rescinded.

~Your constituent
And I applaud you, @ChrisVanHollen -- for the fine work you are doing on behalf of Marylanders.
thank you for representing this MD resident. Thrilled to have shared a floor w/ you @ 51 Monroe.
#withholdconsent this is the time to resist. Please, don't let DJT fill the government with his yes-people
Thank you!
this is what dem residents want. strong opposition.
Dear @SenateDems. More of this please. Grind this doomsday device to a halt. You owe us and we have your back. Keep it up! 
Thank you!
Are you opposing @jeffsessions? #stopsessions
Thank you for opposing Price and Mnuchin. #ProudMarylander
Good, and keep fighting for us.  We need you, and serving the Constitution is the way to earn my vote.
I'm totally behind you on opposing these nominations.  Drain the Swamp, indeed!
Thank you for standing up for your constituents. Was happy to read your opposition of #Devos. Please vote no to #Sessions
Keep fighting the good fight!
thank you! keep up the good work: please help to #StopDeVos, #stopsessions, #StopPruitt, #stoptillerson too!
#fauxoutrage
please don't forget Pruitt while you're at it.
please continue to advocate for ALL.
Thank you so much!  Please vote no on Sessions, and DeVos as well!  Proud to have you representing us!
Please tell us you also oppose Betsy DeVos fir Education. She would be a disaster for our kids.
thank you
THANK YOU for representing us in Maryland!
Thank you Senators!
thanks! Keep it up!! #resist
I hope you're against Devos as well!
thank you! We stand behind you and fellow Dems defending the nation against lies and the Trump regime.
of course you do! Shame on you!
vote NO on ALL of them!
Thank you Sen. Van Hollen for these stances. I'm proud to call you my Senator!
thank you.
thank you!
Glad I voted for you, Chris! Now go start some Emoluments, and Russian hacking hearings! Please.
Thank you, @ChrisVanHollen. Delay, reject, resist, expose.
thank you! Please be sure to also oppose #Sessions #DeVos #Pruitt
Thank you!
What about Tillerson, Devos and the rest of the wretched crew?
Pathetic. Nothing but obstructionists.
Thank you, Senator, for supporting @SenatorCardin and other dems on the Senate Finance Committee.
Thank you!!! Continue standing strong. DeVos' acceptance is disgrace. Don't let Price, Sessions happen!
bravo Chris. No Scott Pruit for EPA- please
Thank you, Senator Van Hollen.
thank you
Thank you Senator Van Hollen!  So lucky to have you represent Maryland in the Senate.
MSM & Dem's. want open borders & the instability that ensues. Pres. Trump will overcome the obstructionists. Win with Trump.
Thank you! And please vote to Protect Title X!
As a constituent, I thank you for your stance on these nominees.
You're the liars. Trump was right, we have the stupidest and most corrupt people in our govt.
Thank you!
Thank YoU Called your office and finally got through! Please Withhold Consent and Continue to Vote Against!
thank you!
Thank You!!
Please vote NO on Price, Pruitt, #Sessions, de Vos, Mnuchin. thank you
Thank you, Senator.
please oppose ALL Trump nominees. You have nothing to lose!
Thank you Senator Van Hollen.
thank you @ChrisVanHollen! please continue to delay, to #withholdconsent at every step, & also vote NO on sessions, tillerson, & devos.
Please keep fighting!  Thank you for working so hard for us! #nominations #RESISTANCE

Thank you!
Thank You!!!
We are watching and we are cheering you on! Thank you for your courage. #Indivisible #resist #wearedauntless
thank you, Senator!
Don't back down!
Any realistic hope of stopping Sessions? The Klan-endorsed nominee isn't really appealing...
Keep fighting sir!
Thank you Senator Van Hollen!
