Trump: “Let Obamacare fail… I’m not going to own it” (This would hurt millions of poor/sick people who depend on it) 
Single payer please!!! -your constituent
No thanks. I don't want a healthcare system like the VA.
/looks to all of Europe, Canada, Japan, and all the other industrialized nations with socialized medicine/ seems OK to me
Those systems are fine... as long as you don't have a serious illness.
A friend was billed over 50k for leg surgery after getting hit by a car and having no insurance
The situation won't be better under single payer. Health insurance =/= healthcare.
We should all be covered by using our collective pooled taxes as a human right like most other nations do. Insurance is an entrenched scam
All of our rights are enumerated in the Constitution. Healthcare isn't one of them.
The #ACA has already failed. On MD exchange bronze policy has $1777/mo prem $13k deduct. for 2 ppl.We need #FreeMarket #AffordableHealthcare
Hell the ACA was constructed to fail by your own party.
I haven't heard one idea from a democrat on how to bring down medical and insurance costs.
"I'm not going to own it." The GOP own *everything* until 2018. He doesn't get a special exemption...unless he resigns.
KF, go hug a  and save a ! MAGA 4ever! Piss-off a lib... go to work 
He has to be one of the most repugnant human being on the face of the earth. He doesn't care one bit for his fellow Americans just his ego.
U talking bout BHO? The bowing Muslim! Prayer 2 false Gods comes with damnation!
Frankly, Chris, the authors of the O'care wanted it to fail....figuring HRC would be in,  paving the way to single payor. Enough w/the BS!!!
BLACK HISTORY-THE UNTOLD STORY-MUST WATCH!!! Hillarys America - Carol Swain interview with Dinesh https://youtu.be/E4_wqwbLeh4        via @YouTube
You dems started the ACA blindly following BHO. Dems need 2 answer 4 failure! Trump walked n 2 WH filled w BHO (|) hole holdovers. Shame!!
Amen, brother. Did immense damage in 8 years. Corruption at unprecedented levels. Nobody buying the BS anymore. Enough people get it now...
Yep & obstructionist libs are making fools of themselves - ANTIFA & BLM need 2 B shut down - Libs wo jobs w time 2 riot - Not job hunting
Propoganda
@BraddJaffy ACA = Garbage
REPEAL OBAMACARE AND START OVER IF YOU GIVE SH*T ABOUT AMERICA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@BraddJaffy #assholepresident He has NO understanding of what he is actually saying.
@realDonaldTrump keeps talking about "winning". He hasn't won anything. He is a loser. LOSER!
Then what are your ideas, the taxes on the insurance companies that are passed on the the consumers. The taxes on the gold plans.
@senatedems need to hold Senate floor and call on GOP to condemn Trump's plan to sabotage healthcare.
If he sabotages the markets not only will millions loose coverage but the loss of insurance sector jobs will be massive
Democrats created this mess all alone I would leave it for them to fix
The ACA has already failed the American people.
Let it fail that's the dems fault
What other president wanted people to suffer so he could be the biggest bully? Sad.
#healthcare what's the goal @uscongress00 solid universal coverage or reducing govt expense
Great President who says would hurt millions of poor/ sick @realDonaldTrump has no shame
C'mon.  You all set it up to fail.
Do you really think anyone believes that after what you all did with ACA?
Trump and Pence. They look like bookends in a bullshit library.
Like a president, only different. #NotMyPresident #ResistTrump
@realDonaldTrump Absolutely doesn't care about Americans at all. Only his own ego and $$.
Neither #45, nor @SenateMajLdr care about all the people who will be hurt, they just want 2 destroy ACA because it's part of Obama's legacy.
Isn't part of his job description "uphold the laws of the US"?  Wouldn't this be going against some oath taken in January?
Dems could raise minimum wage. Ppl are tired of being over looked and discarded like an old pair of shoes.
I am a Hillary supporter but the Dems caused this mess by passing a bill they didnt even read, now judging Trump
Thank you for your honesty..."we have to pass it to find out what's in it". Wish more folks could have an honest discussion.
Sick & twisted thought process of Trump. I'm sure when his supporters voted for him it wasn't to take their healthcare away over a vendetta.
You won’t work with him on a replacement. You had 8 years to fix Obamacare. You said it didn’t need fixing. Now you own its failure.
Obamacare was a failure from day one. You own it.
He will own it, however. I really think Dems ought to come up with a fix (that includes a public option) so at least WE can say we tried.
Ahhhhh, but you do own it as do the Reps! You said it yourself
So trump can blame that on dems too. So stupid to blame dems for dead healthcare bill when house Senate & WH is Republican. #DumpTrump
And THIS is the President of the American people!  Wasn't there an oath he had to take before he was sworn in...just wondering
Makes me just sick. He is NOT a leader 
If @senategop approves straight repeal, do not help in any way. Let the blood of Americans who die be strictly on their hands. #GOPKills
Could somebody please tell this idiot that Obama Care isn't failing. Trump Care failed.
that a bunch of BS, van hollen
Dems did that to us too when BO ruled. So, quit whining, pointing fingers! Be part of the solution! In the meantime, go home & stay there!
So start working on how to fix the ACA. Come up with the legislation, show Republicans how to govern for the people.
Senatedems have a contest for slogan to the American ppl. Talk to your constituents. Let them know you are listening!
Well that is the final nail in the coffin for the @GOP 's claim to be the party of "personal responsibility". Not that they have been anyway
And dems need a strong msg for their agenda. Ppl need to know you are there for them!
The ACA does need to be strengthened.  Please work together to help all Americans and stabilize our healthcare.
@BraddJaffy So Chuck. & Nancy are not playing politics to the detriment of the public
Definitely in full Vonfuckstick mode here.
Time to hold insurance companies accountable as well.
And Obama used the health care of Millions as a political pawn when the Dems passed the ACA my Single Daughters happened to be two of them.
President* Numbnuts 
It belongs to @POTUS now
@AC360 #HealthCareForAll
So do the Republicans.  They voted 60-some times to repeal without a replacement.  This is nothing new...just a louder mouth.
Then I, and millions of other Americans, have a suggestion @SenateDems
What a big hearted guy
