Thank you for voting NO!
That does not sound like a whole story. What specifically did he tried to stop and why?
Keep up with important issues man.
thank you for your no vote, Senator Van Hollen. We will #resist destruction of environment.
Thanks for voting no on #PollutingPruitt and fighting for Marylanders.
Thank you!
didn't matter, but thank you all the same.
Thank You!
These two Sens. Joe Manchin and Heidi Heitkamp - should rue the day for voting for Pruitt, regardless of vote #s
Shame on them. Afraid they will not re elected if they oppose GOP.
thanks for NO to Pudzer. Do what you can to insure Transgender civil rights.
thank you, sir!
thank you
Maybe there is method to the madness on the part of the GOP, that is more to do with undermining Trump...Trust no one.
keep strong! #resistance
THANK YOU for your excellent judgment and representation. We need ethical elected officials like you now more than ever!
Why are you against having a working government? Your bad for America.
Thank you for voting NO. Just wish there were more people with a backbone on Capital Hill.
thank you!
Keep up the pressure! 
What's Pruitt got against a clean Chesapeake Bay? Is he allergic to shellfish? Seriously, thank you Senator 4 your No vote.
thank you, Senator Van Hollen!
Thanks for trying.
why??? They seem so evil.
Hands off #MyEPA, #PollutingPruitt!
Thankful for standing up for Environment & will of the people! Can anything be done to get Pruitt out-once emails come out?
Thank you for your opposition to #pollutingPruitt and for supporting the Chesapeake Bay cleanup efforts!
Thank you for taking a stand for the environment.  Keep up the good work!!!
the problem with the Chesapeake is all the development around it. But rich voters are more important to keep one's job.
Thank you, sir, for doing what you could.  This is a sad day for the environment and protected species.
shocker!!! A Dem not supporting a President Trump nomination?! So what's new?
He wasn't worthy of support regardless of party. What do you have against clean air and water?
Congrats on writing a great house tweet! http://greathousetweets.measuredvoice.com/ChrisVanHollen/status/832626358421426176 … (Ranked 18th for Feb 17.)
so glad we can count on you!
Thank You!! I am both proud to have you and @SenatorCardin as our senators from MD
Stay strong and work on changing some minds across the aisle
As a Baltimore resident, I thank you.
definitely a no. The bay is critical
Thank you! One of the most important cabinet nominees to stop - and that is saying a lot.
Thank you Senator!
thank you. As long as you continue to represent us, we will continue to campaign and vote for you.
Thank you so very much!!!!!!!!!!!!
THANK YOU 
thank you!!!
Thank you!!
thank you, senator!
can a federal judge step in and gault the confirmation process?
or *halt ...
THANK YOU!!
Can you explain what the GOP has against clean air and clean water?  They use both and so do their kids.
Thank you, Senator Van Hollen! I encourage you in your efforts to delay the vote!
glad to hear it; I left a voice mail for you this morning.
Thank you for being pro-clean air and pro-clean water for all Americans!
thank you
thanks for standing up!
Thank you, Senator. I continue to be glad to have voted for you.
This grateful Baltimorean thanks you, Senator.
Good news
thank you Senator!!
Thank you for your NO to the rushed confirmation.
Thank you!!!
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you!
Thank you!!!!
Thank you Sen. Van Hollen!!
thank you!
Thank you Senator!
Thank you! :)
thank you so much!!
Thank you Senator. No reason not to wait a few days when the courts have finally put an end to his ongoing obstruction.
Thank you, Sen Can Hollen!
*Van
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you!
Thank you Senator!!! -from your constituent who is very concerned about the future livability of our planet
