Gun control laws will work as well as the laws banning illicit drugs.....
Totally agree! Background checks, eliminate loopholes, no to silencers. That is just a start.
Limit bullit capacity of gun clips
Most "clips" hold 5 to 8 rounds.... Educate yourself before you open your big mouth
No need to be rude in your reply. Close gun show loophole. Many clips/magazines hold more than 5-8 rounds.
You said limit the rnds a "clip"  hold.clip only hold 5-8 rds. Now magazines hold http://more.here  in md only allow 10rd look at balt
Despite the efforts of my son, I’ll own that my terminology re firearms is faulty.
Will also own that, especially since Sandyhook, I have little patience left 4 those who oppose badly needed reforms, simmering scorn 4 NRA
And more scorn 4 the legislators Gun Lobby has bought and paid 4.  And most scorn 4 the feigned concern in the "not the right time"  echo
Senator, I completely agree with you!
Prayers never have been enough.  More action that is tangible, noticeable and purposeful is needed.
The least we could do is make the automatic weapons illegal again.
They already are illegal, and that gun control law did not stop the Vegas shooter.  Please try to understand the flaw in this argument.
OK. Whats your answer to the 50,000+ gun deaths here in the USA every year that they don't have in , say, Australia?
I can't explain this broad issue in 140 characters so here's a WaPo article on the topic worth reading:
feel free to write a bill.
No help from the GOP, they are voting to allow silencers "for hunters hearing protection", really?  Scum sucking NRA surrogates!
I don't agree that we need new firearm laws like opiates those who choose to abused will stay alert stay alive increase the power of Prayer
We do need you to act. ACT NOW! #EnoughIsEnough
Andy Card,former Geo W Chief of Staff, doesn't see any connection between a change in gun laws and what happened in Las Vegas. Really?
This is what I have been screamin I had to block a bunch of trolls yesterday I don't understand why peeps have a problem with banning them 
Congress wasn't elected to serve as clergy to pray for us. You were elected to legislate in service to America. Stop praying & DO YOUR JOBS
You said it. Our problem in this country is dirty politics & too much empty prayers. Just do the right thing & all will be well.
The NRA OWNS POLITICIANS
NRA has nothing to do with this,and no law whatsoever passes can stop this
Short of repealing #2A, what do you propose? That was a full auto rifle, which is already heavily regulated &impossible for public to get.
For starters, perhaps the GOP could stop making it easier for the mentally ill to obtain weapons.
Im OK with that, provided due process of law is followed.  How have Rs made it easier? And what does any of this have to do with Vegas?
6 months ago Trump killed a regulation meant to make it harder for the mentally ill to obtain fire arms.

https://www.google.com/amp/amp.usatoday.com/story/98484106/ …
...because it was unconstitutional.   #2A is a constitutional right, needs due process of law to pull.  Not a bureaucrat, but a judge. 1/2.
"I'm beggin my colleagues again: put politics aside and fall in line with my political viewpoint NOW!"  -the hypocritical politicker
#THOUGHTSandPRAYERS is a worn-out cliche, a GD farce.
#LVNoMoreTears
Keep begging Chris. You must keep trying everyday. We all have to stay loud everyday until we get the change we need to save lives.
THANK YOU! #GunContolNow
The level of misinformation on this thread is appalling.
Trump is in contempt of Congress where are the sanctions.

Please stop gun violence by making it a crime to shoot or otherwise inflict harm to another individual.
And you're going to....introduce legislation?
Congrats on writing a great house tweet! http://greathousetweets.measuredvoice.com/ChrisVanHollen/status/914907461403979777 … (Ranked 5th for Oct 2.)
The only way to stop a bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun.
Yeah let's have the strongest gun laws like Chicago and see how that works us. We are almost there already.
Long guns holding only 2 bullets. No handguns. Simple. Don't need to hunt rabbits with machine guns. @Lawrence
So INTRODUCE A BILL!
Please first decide how lethal it is appropriate for a private American citizen to be. We have the fine-grained crime stats. It's doable.
Maryland and Illinois have some of the strictest gun laws in the U.S. How's that working out for Chicago and Baltimore City?
See that's the problem. you guys need to stop begging & start demanding. Its your job to demand policy that doesn't kill people. #GunContol
This post is 100% political. Prayer is strong and preventative facts are not out yet to push your political agenda. God Bless
#ActDontPray
You're right the good lord allows us to make our own decisions-great or horrific!
Not gonna happen Congressman. For fucks sake, until NRA is broken & people get past  'ok to shoot babies' your nation remains awash in death
Let us know how that works out.
Not gonna happen demonicRAT! We Conservative Patriots will fight tooth & nail 2 death 2 protect our Constitutional rights! U ppl caused this

Second amendment was written when guns could only shoot 1 bullet. Military assault rifles should never be sold to civilians.
#BloodMoney #FuckTheNRA
I'm not a politician. I'm a citizen. And I'm going to politicize the hell out of this.
I'm so sick of Rs pretending to be holier than thou, praying for show but acting like bastards. Greed & fraud. That's all there is.
257 mass shootings since Trump took the oath, estimate 1,473 if he completes his term (273 minus 16 before 12:00PM EST January 20th, 2017).
Please tell me what we can do. After Sandy Hook its clear that reason and compassion dont work. How do we finally make reasonable change?
Let’s stop congressman that prey on college girls!
Agreed!  Thoughts, Prayers, Tweets, Discussions, all do nothing!  Grow some balls, cut the NRA off, BAN ASSAULT WEAPONS!
We know that the politicians who are gun rights activists receive $ from NRA. There needs to be more open discussion of this.


And it should not take a even bigger human loss to get gun control passed! For who do we have guns?
What about the bomb material he had also you dweeb. Please democrats. Stop politicizing EVERYTHING !!!!
Guns are only the symptom. GREED is the disease. Greed is at the root of EVERY issue facing us right now.
Please stop politicizing this tragedy.
Agreed!  Focusing on Education, Jobs, and Mental Health issues so people do not feel the need to shoot each other vs. inanimate objects.
Make it happen, Senator. Please make it happen. We have seen this story unfold so many times with so many promises and little to no action.
Gun reform and aquatic mental healthcare
The drafters of the Second Amendment could never have foreseen this mass shooting, during the Rev War could fire 4 bullets a minute. Not 200
fight fire w/ fire.
@GOP needs to stop sending their condolences! That's not what we want! We want Change! GOP stop taking $$ from the NRA & start protecting us
Prayers from Trump are He is scum and using the shootings to act "Christian " to his base who are all @NRA supporters!! Get real! No automatic weapons!
GUNCONTROLNOW
Thank you Mr. VanHollen!
You are a US Senator if others feel like you then organize an amendment to the Constitution, everything else is hot air
Ban firearms outright, that will fix it.  Just like the raging drug epidemic we don't have, you know, because they're illegal.
Doug Jones for US Senate in Alabama,  please support our efforts
We need your help! We can #FlipAL, we can replace Sessions with @GDouglasJones. Every $, every tweet, every makes a .
This isn't about gun violence. This is about people being insane. We need to love and not hate and understand that it's okay to be different
In Detroit TRUMP did that too didn't he
Begging won't help. It's time for action. We look forward to hearing about immediately policy changes you are proposing to your colleagues.
What they need is leadership and not politicians who try to take advantage of a tragedy.
The unscrupulous always use tragedy to further their agendas
Keep fight for us!
No offense, but hearing a MD Dem suggest new guns is laughable. Your party’s laws sure haven’t done a thing to curb violence in Baltimore
#EradicateAllGunsNow!! Please stop the madness!!
you're playing politics talking about put politics aside
People weren't dead 24 hours and the first thing people want to call for is gun control. Opportunistic.
secondly, the automatic weapons used are already illegal.
You ask others to put politics aside to support your extreme political ideas. Start enforcing the gun laws on books. No need for new ones
I never can understand this gun crazed culture. It from a by gone era, leave it there.
We need a more verbose suggestion.  Americans need a plan not a slogan.
Like the worst junkie mainlining H, the GOP craves, seeks, and lives for the next NRA fix
Too many stooges pandering to the NRA... begging won't cut it
Thank you
Eliminate the NRA!
Or at least regulate them like North Korea!
Red, white and blue! God! And GUNS! Constitution guarantees! Why do dems, libs, snowflakes want our guns? Control!
Yes, to put policy choices back on the table NOW, the ANSWER lies in the 2nd Amendment. As constituents we can help. http://www.ludwigrobinson.com/blog/?p=112 
You can't help at all. Saying gun control can help is like saying no one speeds because of posted speed limits. It's delusional at best
Saying gun control can help is not saying that shootings will never happen.  Laws do influence some behavior, even if they are imperfect.
Mass murders will continue until someone on the right grows a pair and says enough is enough. Sensible gun laws are needed now.
Absolutely the Second Amendment does not cover automatic weapons
How about you politicians do it now or find a new career?
I have absolutely no faith/trust in what gop congress says or does.
My goodness, did you get it right!
"Put politics aside" Then you start pushing your anti gun agenda in the same tweet.  Real class there. Not fooling anyone.
Are prayers from a lying evil vindictive hate monger war monger valid?
Saying “Our prayers are with....” is a easy way to say you have done something, and can move on, not think about it again.
Thank you senator. Please don’t back down!
There is absolutely no reason to own assault weapons.
And WE totally support Common Sense Gun Laws! #StopGunViolenceNow
#vegasshooting it amazes me that first responders are lauded for saving lives when the very same 'leaders' won't save lives with #guncontrol
The official KCPD is a release with thoughts and prayers for the first responders...nothing directed to all victims. .very poor response
Thank you!
They have reduced all of us to begging for our lives...somehow this just doesn't bode well for any of us and certainly not for @HouseGOP
Senator please lend your support to @AllisonforMD  dem challenger for Andy Harris seat (01). Harris has taken NRA money and voted w DDT.
This man died shielding his wife from bullets. Act for him.
You mean put PACs aside.
Thank you, sir.  Please lead and make the world a safer place.  I worry for my children. I worry for all children.
@ChrisVanHollen The NRA and any legislator who kowtows to them are complicit. Sandy Hook, Columbine, Orlando, Vegas...where does it stop?
Thank you.  We need to reach out to our neighbors & friends and bond w/them.  I trust you but for those who aren't in MD, call your Congress
How are you going to stop gun violence now when you can't take away handguns and handguns account for most gun violence? Losing strategy!
@ChrisVanHollen, I’m deeply troubled by the fundraisers I’m seeing here in Maryland where the winner gets a gun. Comments?
Right...going for gun control isn't political. Who are you kidding .@ChrisVanHollen ?The guns used were already banned. See Chicago.
thank you for standing for sanity! #EnoughIsEnough end the insanity of @NRA carnage now
If prayers worked, there wouldn't be an @NRA.
This LUNATIC broke many laws before even pulling the trigger. What new law would have stopped him? #MAGA  #LasVegasShooting #NRA
What is this nonsense that #GOP Congress wants to make it easier to purchase silencers? #NRA PUPPETS! #GunControlNow
Thoughts and prayers while they're stuffing their pockets with NRA cash.
Maryland resident here, Senator.  Thank you for the sanity of your tweet.  Oppose the NRA, and urge your Senate colleagues to do the same.
#Guns don’t pull their own #trigger : #People do! Anti gun extremist using a tragedy to further his political agenda.Repulsive!!!!
rules for radicals never let a good crisis go to waste
Why wait until people die to act. SMH
How about banning liberal groups like antifa they are the ones that are causing this type of violence to occur in our country
Sadly all the begging won’t work. Your white #conservative aka the @gop aka #racist colleagues won’t give up their guns. They’ll keep them
b/c they’re scared of some race war (that their #racists asses wld be the ones to start) happening. So they wanna kill all us non-white ppl
Stop being such an ass bodies are  laying in the street and you're using this to make political points. Look at Chicago gun laws don't work
Poor mental health service distribution is at play here. Fix: get behind Sanders #MedicareForAll bill—covers mental health.
no rush!! ..GOP is praying! !
Thank you
Okay. You said this after Sandy Hook, San Bernadino and Orlando. What are you going to do different this time so it actually works?
Proud of my senator
It is about gun lobby $$ buying GOP support
Vote to pass legislation that gets the money out of our political system. That will cause the REAL change to occur.
Exactly, rid if PAC and the lobbyists, who can send their concerns via US mail. I am so done with corporate $ running this nation and the Congress who is supposed to legislate FOR the people.
Settle down Chrissy. Read 2nd Amend. Consider current legislation. THINK how many legal guns are used for criminal behavior. You're done.

"Prayers" do NOT close shooting wounds and reanimate people! NO  GUNS  NO  SHOOTINGS !  Simple. Like in almost the whole rest worldwide ...
Right just like no heroin and no heroin deaths. Works really well I hear
Then you & your colleagues can begin w/ H.R 367 The Hearing Protection Act ... Guns kill people because people have guns. #DoYourJob
GET NRA CORPORATE WH-RES OUT OF CONGRESS.
NOW.
Prayers r useless, perhaps worse since they offer false hope
People have to solve gun violence
Start with fewer guns & ban military weapons
agreed! how are you putting this into action here in maryland?
Prayers to the victims- let Repubs handle this one- they are in control - please do not intro any gun legis or talk about gun control
How's that been working out in the inner cites where gangs and Black keep dying? Did you forget them? Jobs, educations and morals
HUGE NRA shaming & ADS leads this battle! Good Luck. (Why couldn't NRA  have JUST BEEN satisfied w/ legal gun sales to legitimate folks?)
Thank you for your leadership Senator.
Yall not going to do Ish but sweep this under the rug like the rest.
Ask your colleagues on the other side of the aisle " how more good people with guns" would have  helped here?
I’m not sure you (and Hillary et al) realize how perplexing it is to say “put politics aside.” This is exactly what politics is for.
Please remind ppl to call their Senators with the same vigor that they called for healthcare, and for the same reason: saving American lives
You can't even get affordable healthcare legislation through, how will you stop gun violence. Baltimore & Chicago come to mind.
guns that the Vegas shooter used have been banned since 1986, how's gun control working out for you
At this point, in fact, I find prayers offensive. Stop praying for change and start forcing it.
Oh so now it's not about the Second Amendment it's about our freedom of religion
Most crimes are committed with stolen weapons.  How do you tell a criminal to put his new weapon down.  Make laws and laws. You are a joke
if there are no guns to steal the criminals won't be able to steal them
wake up snowflake

A cartoon worth a thousand words

I'll say it to you too. What does the NRA have to do with Baltimore & Chicago. Shootings with illegal guns by non members of the NRA.
End ability for @NRA to fund politicians so that the obligatory “looking the other way” can end. No organization should have so much power.
What does the NRA have to do with Baltimore & Chicago. Shootings with illegal guns by non members of the NRA.
More GOP congressional leaders are going to have to face gun violence before anything is done. Right now  to them Gun violence is not real
What do you suggest? I am sure it has something to do with the 2nd amendment. Taking our right aways to defend ourselves.So u can control us
Please talk to @timkaine @MarkWarner let them know VA wants a bill introduced ASAP
Prayers and thoughts- is what they always say, like a broken tape.

They (congress) will never do anything.
Vote the enablers out of Office
Hell yeah! But, it hasn’t happened! And, I don’t think it ever will!
If we just give up & surrender, then no it won’t
But we r better than that. 
Get some rest, and believe we can win 
4 our children, we must
GOP Politician to English Translation: "Thoughts & Prayers" = Think about all the money they got from the NRA and pray for more.
THANK YOU!!!!
Given you have no idea the facts in this case. What could have been done to prevent this event?
Maybe look what the rest of the developed world did to significantly reduce mass shootings?
Key words here are significantly reduce mass shootings
Well, of course. Nobody can completely eradicate that, but we might at least try for a change.
Well I think if we did what Australia did we'd definitely see less of this
The USA has had a larger decline in overall murder rate since what Australia did in the mid 1990's. No thank you.
And yet Australia still has 4.5 times less murders per capita than US. And in Australia everything is trying to kill you...
Really going to work
Waiting for your proposal. Where is it?
Did you even take off your stupidity filter and reread that
They are awful, paid for scum
LOL... put politics aside.... we need gun control.  Gtfoh
