Our values are safe only if U. S. is secure. Pres. Trump is providing the leadership necessary to protect our country.
We'll see. Pres. Trump was left w/a divided country & world disaster. He appears to be a capable leader.
Continue to speak out against injustice and those Republicans who remain silent.
the White House is defying court order. This is unconstitutional. What will Congress do?
stop Steve Bannon.
Good job Van Hollen!!!! Good job....HOLD THEIR FEET TO THE FIRE and let them FEEL IT and OWN IT....VOTE DOWN EVERYTHING!!!
Slow down everything by withholding unanimous consent. If you can't sink a vote, slow it the heck down
This is not a threat to Freedom, it is about our national security.  All vetted people are welcome. No values lost.
Please start impeachment proceedings.
YOU need to as well!  DT is out of control.  This madness has got to stop!
I'm your constituent. Will you agree to #WithholdConsent? Fight for us! #NoJusticeNoBills
Senator, could not reach your office by phone. Please delay Tillerson's and Session's votes this evening.
Maryland... This  @ChrisVanHollen is your guy?  Come out and vote next time.
Pls vote NO on all cabinet picks, continue to denounce Muslim ban, and DO not allow Trump to seat a SC justice! #resist

thank you.
keep up the fight for MD!
what are you planning to do to stand up to it? #withholdconsent #nojusticenobills
I'm a constituent and I'd like to THANK YOU for standing up to Trump's unconstitutional executive order.
THANK YOU, Senator, for speaking out against this specious and xenophobic executive order. You're making Marylanders proud.
Thank you Senator. This Marylander appreciates you and @SenatorCardin speaking up.
id take off trump outta office if i was you
.@ChrisVanHollen glad I voted for you. Fight for our country. Thank you.  #OpposeDeVos #OpposeSessions
No to #SCOTUS
It's up to you & your colleagues to convince moderate Republicans to join the resistance!
I agree. Unable to voice my concerns to you. No one answers phone and mailbox always full. Need more responsiveness.
how would you keep the USA safe? Magic wand is broke so you need to think this one through!
All your tweets are right on.  We're counting on you to resist Trump's policies and to force debates on his cabinet nominees
Please explain your position-Steve Bannon on NSC, while JCS Chairman and Director of Nat. Intelligence are out. VM is full.
.@ChrisVanHollen You have to do more than speak. Turn your words into action to stop this unconstitutional act.
Thank You & Now No Compromise - read @AJentleson "Dems Have the Power" Withhold Consent!!! Be True 2 constituents #resist 
#TrumpIsUnstable as he Trash Tweets @SenJohnMcCain & @LindseyGrahamSC & beyond acceptable, WWIII 
it's time to take our country back. For the emperor has no clothes,on.
Thank you for calling out GOP and Trump's horrible executive order #proudmarylander
@HobhouseFlower And all of our Dems need to speak up loud and clear for all to hear.
Anything I can do to help you in your fight I am ready I can type answer phones tweet send letters let your supporters help!
my world is dark with despair and my heart is breaking at what Trump has done in only 7days and he is just getting started
please stand strong against all the Trump agenda and fight fight fight no to cabinet picks no to supreme court appt
Thank you!  Please reach across the aisle to help stop this unconstitutional insanity.
We stand with you!  Thank you for your patriotism! #MuslimBan #resist #impeach
@SpeakerRyan where are you!!!!
What the hell are you talking about? POTUS is just enforcing our laws. Which you guys have not done in 40 years.
He is goading an attack on our soil.
YES!  Bless you, Sir.  Pls raise a ruckus on Senate floor over outrageous and unconstitutional Ex Post Facto act.  Shame on the president!
thank you for standing up- pls don't back down. We all need you desperately to defend Americans against DTs un-American EOs
Seems that enough Republican Senators have expressed opposition for the Senate to take successful action.  #NoMuslimBan
I'm just going to hold my breath on that one.
pls build concensus across the aisle.  Start with McCain and Graham who have already spoken out. REMOVE TRUMP
Great tweet, but do not let this distract you from protecting the bay from this idiot, Federal funding is at risk.
keep up the fight and reach across the aisle to put a stop to this madness.
No, Republican leaders must stand strong again'st leftist temper tantrums and protect America first.
ashamed of YOU! #AmericansFirst
RESIGN+have ur PAC repay MDcitizens who could have benefited from TARP FUNDS U took from HRC. 
ALL ur allegiances R suspect.

except McCain&Graham PressRelease). All Repub Sens silent. Deplorable, unAmerican, remember WWII complicity by silence
You and other dems must step up. And fast. Scary times.
Don't hold your breath waiting for the GOP to do the right thing...
@RectorSun really Chris?  I think your priority is protecting your citizens.
...we will remember the midterms.
Our nation's first value is protecting our citizens. Check Europe
...how about you speak up!!
ha dream on
Voted for you sir. Don't back down. Block all appointees, esp. Devos, Sessions.
I want to see ACTION by both parties! Words are a good start, but not enough.
and you as my Democratic senator needs to block Trump's nominations. Listen to your constituents.
Will you be live tweeting from one of the protests today? I hope so. Get out there and fight. You

If you're a Dem elected official but were/are not at an airport today/tonight...you clearly aren't ready for the days ahead.
luv your fear mongering tactics and spirit
Thank you!!!
Thank you. POTUS extreme actions must be stopped, Congress is the Branch to do it.
I appreciate your words, and look forward to seeing them transformed into action.
I agree Senator.   This is a violation of our Constitution.
does the federal government have this right? Should it be reserved to states? Article 9 sec1 was about slavery iirc.
Dem leadership must speak out as well! Lack of organized response from top down is disgraceful.#MuslimBan #NoBanNoWall
any plans to join protesters at BWI today?
Were you this outraged when Obama banned Iraqi refugees in 2011?
that's a start, want to see you at BWI and obstructing all scotus and cabinet picks please senator
do more than denounce, man. This is an outrage. Talk to your colleagues on all sides of the aisle and block this insanity.
Good start! Keep going!
I agree. And Democrats need to stand up against President's cabinet picks
I'd argue there are quite a few dems that should start finding their voices as well!
As my Senator, get out there. Get your colleagues out there. Show up to BWI. This is how the Dems win if you put effort.
