@MarilynnePryor Not that I'm a fan, but Putin isn't as stupid as Trump.
agreed
I am a Maryland resident, and I expect and look forward to Democratic action to fight the #MuslimBan and Bannon White House.
Why? Obama did ty he same thing with Iraqis'. The sky didn't fall. Should have done along time ago and saved lives
Obama did not do the same thing, no. This has a religious test, which is against the First Amendment.
Obama did not target permanent residents, as has been done by Trump, at least to start.
Nor, even were this un-Constitutional policy in place years ago, would any lives have been saved.
I'll save you the trouble of mentioning Orlando and San Bernardino shootings, done by Americans and a Pakistani
Many crimes committed by illegal don't reach us. Media ignores. Rapes, thefts, harassment they don't talk about.
Congrats on writing a great house tweet! http://greathousetweets.measuredvoice.com/ChrisVanHollen/status/825733653397434370 … (Ranked 22nd for Jan 29.)
I voted for u & support anything that will remove Trump & his Coven .. NO to all the unqualified horrid cabinet nominees
Can installing Bannon & firing Joint Chiefs of Staff be considered a hostile takeover of the institution of government?
@obbiecole @ChrisVanHollen Yes.
Would Putin be on board?
@DearAuntCrabby If U don't mind, pls hav appropriate respect & decorum for the post, in these times, that's *thug-in-chief*
I voted for you please start demanding impeachment hearings
Well, he just got 19% of Rosneft.
@TVNewsWatchDog It would be a sadder day if you support his SCOTUS nominee Senator.
Where you been 2011 when 5 Russian grandmothers were in same situation Dulles Stop Russophobia
Yep. This was my inaugural day tribute.
More like Stalin, Lenin Mao & Hitler.
Oppose Supreme Court nominee, attorney general nominee and more. I am a voting constituent. Oppose Trump and GOP now!
@StephenWunderl4 
Need Member of Congress proposing impeachment. How bad does it need to get?
I hope you're not going to confirm Putin's bestie Rex Tillerson! Been trying to call your office and only busy signals.
Actually he's acting like a sad, elderly, happily demented Vladimir Putin, surrounded by dangerous goons mollycoddling him.
VOTE NO ON CLOTURE FOR TILLERSON.   AT MINIMUMHE NEEDS ANOtHER HEARING RE: MUSLIM BAN. HE SHOULD NOT BE SECY STATE.
true - except you have the wrong russian leader in mind. go back further - Lenin, Stalin. @RamonEGarcia2
STOP RUSSOPHOBIA STALIN WAS NOT RUSSIAN
Bwahahaha. YES. Stalin was Russian. Try again, troll.
Impeach Trump
straight from the mouth of a true American radical terrorist of the @TheDemocrats
I urge you as a voter in your district to take action to IMPEACH @realDonaldTrump which should also end SteveBannon's power.
Step up, then! Absolutely do NOT vote for Sessions or any other appointee. You will live to regret it. This is Watergate II.
Strong.
all tRump is is the PussyGrabber-in-Chief
Thank you for staying the fact! Please continue to do so, I'm a constituent of yours, you have my support! #TheResistance
Me too, we've got your back Senator.
GO CHRIS!! We couldn't be more proud of you. We agree with you 100%. Thank you for saying what we all believe :)
What are you DOING to stop this assault on our democracy??
@HonkyTonkWoman2 At least you're not yet comparing him to Hitler. Liberals are usually so predictable.
Yes, let's see if we can get any of the GOPers in Congress to stand alongside those who find this APPALLING. #echosof1930s
.@ChrisVanHollen dems need to act in unison & get descent republicans to understand the damage being done by this admin. Bannon=Cheney
@lionessmom76 Putin is much smarter
Personally, I think he's acting more like his hero, Hitler.
It is a sad day when liberals have forgotten what happened here. Why don't you check in with the 3000+ victim's families.
Putin has inspired him.... is his idol...
Get Bannon out of there, at least off NSC, talk to McCain, LG
@Sante1940 but what are @TheDemocrats going to do about it!!?!?!?!!!!!
anything they can i am not a lawyer
Trump creating anger deliberately so he can have excuse to suppress dissent. Discrediting stability of democracy.
@JessikaJayne -That's because Trump takes orders from Vladimir Putin! Trump and now Bannon are Putin's surrogates in the WH.
What a surprise! The 7 countries trump selected have not Trump hotels. Sad!
Any sane ppl left can't *shame* trump to sanity..TAKE CRITICAL ACTION! @SenSchumer @SenJohnMcCain @repjohnlewis @RepCummings
Small point. Mr Trump is not "our" commander in chief, he is only commander in chief of the armed forces.Yes, it matters.
@AndreaChalupa you can go to his website and look up his 1st 100 day promise if you want to know what comes next!
@AndreaChalupa oh shut up, he's done more in8 days than Obama did in 8 years. Sit back and hang on
In case you hadn't noticed, it seems Putin is in control of America, he's merely running it through #Trump
#Traitor #Impeach
@AndreaChalupa Trump is just following Putin's orders.
@ThomasB00001 also what the hell do the detainees answer to the question... "what are your views about @realDonaldTrump " ?
@ThomasB00001 can't normalize this BAN becuz of some words in OBAMA'S POLICIES look similar! 1/2
@Karoli So why did you vote yes on any of his nominees?
we now have traitors in the WH. The house belongs to the people we want all of them out.
@kellymitchell calm down, your letting media warp your mind
@AndreaChalupa Forget sad -- you and your fellow senators better find a way to do something about this QUICK! Lead already!
@JeffersonObama ...that's because he really wishes that he could be an "elected" dictator like Vladimir Putin!!!....
@Karoli he is commander in chief of the army. Not of me or the country. Or yours, unless you are military.
Don't lament, you're the folks in power. Get in there and take action, and call out every GOP law maker who chooses #partyovercountry
Actions speak louder than words.
There is hope Congress will begin to act as the 1/3 Equal branch of govt to provide bi-partisan balance
This is exactly what Putin wanted, cause so much chaos in USA with his mad pawn, the world discredits US
@bazmaniandevil Pure politics Chris. You have said some real small minded things over the years but this is the worst. Sad.
Ain't that the truth
.@ChrisVanHollen THANK YOU!! Keep this up!
::Please vote against every single nominee put forth & give SCOTUS nom the Garland treatment
I'd like you and your colleagues to oppose EPA, Ed, and other nominees.  Also SCOTUS.  Forever. Big supporter of yours btw.
8 U.S. Code § 1182 - Inadmissible aliens

(f) Suspension of entry or imposition of restrictions by President
Check this one my senator
------------------------------- 
8 U.S. Code § 1182 - Inadmissible aliens
as a Maryland Voter; please continue to oppose Trump's harmful executive orders.
Maryland resident here. Joining the chorus: Do Something.
POTUS just enforcing law passed by Dems in 2011. Obama named terrorist countries listed in Exec Order.
recall  #MayaAngelou (RIH): when someone shows u who they r believe them.. @realDonaldTrump no change! @DanteB4u @VanJones68
please trump st best is a wannabe
Impeachment a possible response?  We have become the pariah of the entire world!  Iran is lecturing us about honoring existing visas!  Help!
#trumpskkkabinet
Senator Van Hollen, if you believe this then you should stop voting to confirm his unqualified nominees to Cabinet positions
I am praying he gets impeached !
@AdamAddict It's seems that's whose running the country he and Bannon trump is just a gopher
He gopher what they tell him!
Exactly, @Sunflower7of9, Bannon tells  him to jump, and Trump asks, how high? @ChrisVanHollen
Agreed. You 100% need to help stop him.

This is one of those historic situations where congresspeople really need to earn their...[1/2]
...salary.

Be a rock on this and do everything you can to push back, and you have my vote forever.  [2/2]
But you had no problem for 8 yrs when Bibi Netanyahu acted like Putin. You either supported the Israeli Trump or kept quiet.
I'm a Maryland resident and I'm glad to hear you speak against this ban!
@laureldavilacpa he's not acting
then why vote for any Ameri-Putin nominees?? DO SOMETHING to slow the madman.
@Varidienne trump is owned by Putin $$$
do something! Fight, resist, no compromise at all!
That's his source of inspiration, except he won't get the 90%+ rating here.  No way.
@bannerite trunk isn't just acting He IS more like Putin than an American POTUS #TheResistance
@laureldavilacpa #Impeach
Let us not forget:  DJT is product of Putin.  Putin owns Trump.
America is in big trouble.
Yet, not unexpected.
dude, we know. But you're the one in the position to actually do something about it, and all you do is confirm his nominees.
you hit right in the nail ...this is how a leader suppose to sound like one day you will become a president and good one 
please stand with Maryland against everything this administration represents
please do something about potus seems there r more than enough reasons for impeachment. His lack of understanding #1
He made it clear the type of behavior he admired. FOX has been excusing his behavior and propping up a fascist.
Its a sad day when this country wants to turn a blind eye to terrorism by avoiding a strong vetting system like Dems do.
Great. What are you going to do about it?
@iamvinnyp No surprise.
what are you doing about it?
@WordKitchenDC @hi_its_alyssa_ #truthmatters
Please fight this administration on
Every.
Single.
Thing.
Thank you!
It's a sad day for our country when our Commander-in-Chief is acting more like Vladimir Putin than an American president.
What will you do? Your Oath of Office-
a 90 day ban = Putin? WHY do you make such idiotic statements? What did Obama's 6mo ban = ??? This is nothing but politics!
With all due respect, please stop tweeting and start acting.
If he were acting like Putin, you & all Dem members of Congress would be in jail now.Stop with the drama & playing politics
Why are you tweeting me??? I didn't say anything to you and I'm not a democrat.  WTH is your issue???

And what the hell was Obama doing and you guys said nothing. What goes around comes around. Live with it!
I think youeant acting like Hitler.
no more votes for his nominees. No more unanimous consent. Fight everything.
will you be at BWI today at 5?
I have students @UMBC that will be harmed by these thoughtless EOs. Please legislate against them. Esp the #MuslimBan and ACA
From my reading, doesn't Senate have 2 give advice&consent 4 Bannon 2 sit on this council? Also need select committee on RU!
will we see you at BWI today?
@IndivisibleMCMD Thank you Senator VanHollen for speaking out against hate.  Pls do everything you can to STOP Trump
We the people can speak out. You are a MoC. Legislate, block, call hearings. #WithholdConsent
So what are you going to DO about it? Because We the People demand action, swiftly. #NoBanNoWall #impeachalready
Thank you for speaking out. Please use the power you have to stop this horror show.
@kharyp No, what's sad is that his voters knew he was acting on behalf of Putin and voted for him anyway.
I voted for you. Do something. #ImpeachmentSoon
Thank you Senator for saying what I am thinking and saying here in WI. I want to work to remove this president. BanTrump
PLEASE take action to impeach Trump, oust Bannon. We're too far down this dangerous path. #StopPresidentBannon #SaveAmerica
D.C. Dems better ALL be screaming in front of BANKS of MSM microphones immediately! No holds barred! Fascism?!
not really Putin is smart
say no to his nominees. Demand he release his tax returns. Thank you
Actually, Putin is quite a smart cookie. Trump OTOH is a blusterfucking smoke screen hiding the @GOP fascists and Bannon.
NYT is people's paper.  People must own and protect NYT, ala Greenbay Packers.
Comey and Putin are responsible for this Trump driven national nightmare.
@ReaganiteGOPer DNC, Democrats like Chris Van Hollen, Schumer received +$1million from Trump, +$3million from Kushner Family
democrats need to hold him accountable, but it's also important to get the Republicans on the fence on your side.
Thank you sir, please do all you can!
what can we do?
It's time for democrats to stop talking & start acting.Don't support his nominees,stop trying to compromise.
@LydiaSullivan42 Very sad. But hardly surprising I'm sorry to say.
Low blow. Non citizens have no "right" to enter the U. S. Europe's open borders are chaotic. Hence, Brexit. Safety first.
appreciate your words but don't refer to him as C-in-C unless talking military. Only applicable time. Otherwise creepy.
thank you my Senator #resist don't underestimate who your opposition is
so what are you and your fellow senators doing about it?
.@pweidow Voting to confirm Trump cabinet.  @ChrisVanHollen voted for Mattis, Haley, Carson so far
Senator you are so correct.  What can we do to stop this madness?
You didn't mind it for the last 8 years. Why should we expect you suddenly woke up now?
It's not unusual for people to emulate their heroes
please do not vote to confirm any nominees to cabinet positions. Thank you.
Putin is who Trump aspires to be. Doesn't realize he's just a pathetic stooge.
@DemResistance EXTREMELY SAD FOR AMERICA EXTREMELY DANGEROUS FOR AMERICA EXTREMELY IRRATIONAL FOR AMERICA EXTREMELY SHAMEFUL
Proud of my vote for you. Great job on AM Joy. Fight like hell, SenatorBannon/PUTIN/Trump destroying our beautiful country
Then start doing something! Your base is fired up all over the country & U guys arent paying attention
Sometimes when you're in a relationship with someone you start to act like them. Maybe that explains it
Democratic senators need to reject everything going forward; Trump is unhinged and Bannon had too much power
actions are louder than words!
thank for standing up and resisting. You've earned my vote for you.
Yes, yes, but what are you doing about it?
Obama did the same thing in 2011. Did u call him Putin, I can't remember?
Trump is Bannon's puppet! Bannon is not fit to be anywhere near the NSC.
No Sessions. No Tillerson. No DeVos. No Pruitt.
please keep fighting this and standing up to it. Especially for those here legally stuck at airports.
I'm proud and strengthened to see the people I voted for calling this like it is.
Same. Keep being crabby, Maryland.
@berngiacomazzo even sadder when he is acting like a petulant 5 year old that didn't get his way. Be prepared
Bannon.  Do something about Bannon.
like a nightmare and I can't wake up
@kharyp Sadly, this is only one of many actions to come. A significant amount of people, myself included, fighting back.
Agreed, but you guys need to lead us. We are marching, tweeting, but help us actually stop this. We need Action from you.
Please follow this with action. Your constituents are begging for it.
Well, maybe stop conducting yourselves like a helpless Russian opposition party.
Senator Van Hollen, do the rules of the House of Rep. allow the Speaker to block any discussion of a POTUS Impeachment?
Oh the SAME thought process you have ... TRAITOR
@TheDemocrats in the #senate need to actually do stuff. Your base is leaving you behind. Be the opposition @BenCardinforMD
keep fighting for our rights and democracy. Keep the pressure on
Feb 15, United Dems of Wash County, Hagerstown MD library, 630pm, would enjoy meeting you.
Enough with the Putin stuff. Less rhetoric, more action. Work harder, do more. The future of our country depends on it.
it's a sad day for our state and country when a MD Senator spouts rhetoric like you.
this- he destroys all america was made of before he became president
This constituent of yours demands that you fight him on all of this insanity.  Thank you.
Yes so true and Bannon appointed to NSC. Who is running the country? We must continue to stay united to stop the corruption.
thanks for your sane remarks on TV this morning! I'm so proud of my Senator!
please resist all actions of this president, including all cabinet appointees. Your constituents are counting on you.
Call out unconstitutional actions and praise good actions, resisting ALL actions is not a good solution.
Okay, now get to work! Words only count for so much. We need ACTION NOW!!! Be the leader we voted for!
STOP LYING!!! This EO merely enforces law that was passed under OBAMA:https://twitter.com/seanmdav/status/825526216941830144 …
Bannon is deranged, is there really no way to get him out of the white house?
We are alarmed!
as a constituent, my eyes are on how you check all of this. Appreciate the sentiment; awaiting action.
- thanks for statement. We NEED action from you. Are you meeting with refugees or going to airports today?
THAT is what is needed
Thank you for saying it out loud.  You will be remembered in history.
realy??? So sad!
He's letting Bannon be president. Someone needs to stop that!
do something about it!
What do you plan to do about it?
