#FraudNewsCNN #FNN 
The issue is the crude, incompetent, narcissistic, thin skinned wanna be an autocrat person who was elected president.
At least he didn't challenge anyone to a duel like Aaron Burr when he killed Hamilton.
25thAmendment!  WH lies, intimidation, incitement to violence, Oval Office acces to Russian agents, follow the $$
Oh boo hoo... The press got their commupance.
When is this going to stop?  I am becoming truly scared for our citizens, including those who work at CNN.
I agree. Congress needs to set aside funds to protect our press & foreign press from Trump and GOP congressmen. They need Secret Service now
What did you say about Kathy Griffin, Johnny Depp, Madonna, Julius Ceaser in the park, what about the assasination attempt of Steve Solise?
@realDonaldTrump God Bless Donald Trump.
He needs a great deal more than a blessing!I'm thinking exorcism at this point...

Regarding Trump's anti-media video and tirades:  He continues to attack Americans and the American companies they work for in America.
Have you been reading your tweets  ? Glad you finally realize how crude and nasty they have been
MY WORDS ALSO, AFTER HIS MIKA ATTACK. REMEMBER, THIS IS SAME MAN WHO, ALONG W/FLOTUS, DECRIED VIOLENCE ON SOCIALMEDIA AS "SON MIGHT SEE IT".
Exactly.  Bossert stating that the President is being "genuine".  If so, the country is genuinely in trouble

Exactly!
Exactly! It's not how he says it. It's what he says! He's infantile trash!
REALLY?  So  the Fake News and Celebrities can opening threaten our  President!  Not  going  to  continue!

Aren't these REPRESENTATIVES SUPPOSED TO PROTECT US TAXPAYERS FROM DICTATORS/TYRANTS??? #IMPEACH #IMPRISON
#25thAmendmentNow
I'VE NEVER SEEN NOR HEARD SUCH A PAIR OF LYING, HYPOCRITICAL, ONE WAY WINDBAGS AS TRUMP &HIS WIFE. ABSOLUTELY DISGUSTING PEOPLE. #IMPEACH
Are you really serious @Twitter @Support  there is nothing wrong with this video?
Just when I think that DT cannot get any more crazy, DT tops it with something even more bizarre. In the future a test for mental stability?
What is becoming even more troubling to me is Congress responding to this as if it is ONLY crude, false, and unpresidential. IT IS CRAZY.

@madeleine:" As an immigrant offended by the travel ban's cruelty &....by its ignorance". https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/8mtjmHu9xPA … & https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/MjFNGikKt7L …
@realDonaldTrump. Mr. VanHollen-you are wrong.  The issue is Trump's fitness in office, AND YOU ALL KNOW IT. DO SOMETHING.
Cry us a river why don't you.  No one asked for your opinion.
What do you think the press is doing the same thing
Enough criticism of Trump on tweeter-this needs to be addressed at an open session where Trumps tweets are denounced
Crude? So calling to assasinate and behead the POTUS is acceptable. Funny, where is your post for that? #HypocriticalMute
Senator, please help us. POTUS is not well. Scary situation needs addressing and what is being done about this?
Agreed. Sen Van Hollen, we need to hear from you to help MD say no to sending sensitive voter info to tRumps Goon Squad! Help MD say NO!
That is your opinion.  The President's followers are satisfied to receive the truth...directly from him.
Disgusting use of technology. If he wants good press, he should act like a statesman, not a reality tv hack.
Indeed. So plz protect Maryland from giving up our personal info for voter suppression.
We just need to collectively ignore him.  We are just feeding into what he wants.
This has 2 stop. He is sick. Tell ur Republican colleagues to stand up 2 him. We can't let our children think this is ok behavior.
Crude, false and unpresidential, but quintessential Trump. This *is* our Dear Leader.
Exactly. Thank you Senator!

Sad what character that content reveals.
Definitely not a warrior's ethos.
Not strategic, nor masterful.
Commander-in-chief has wrong enemy.
If he gets to pick his judges, nothing you can do, folks.
Although the #25thAmendment people, maybe there is.

For the safety and well being of this Country and it's citizens, get him and his cult the hell out of office Now!
This is what happens when a child is raised by abusive parents and retreats into fractured fantastic personae informed only by popular media
Were you offended by this? I say, no, you were still hopeful he wouldn't become Potus and still can't accept he is! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bd2zwQKjuv0 …
As well as the suggestion that media outlets that shine an unflattering light on Trumo's actions should be subjected to violent assault!
BS!!!
Thank you, Senator. I propose that we recognize his tweets as distractions and limit the media attention paid to his childish outbursts.
It's encouraging hooligans to attack and suppress a free press. Good god.
How extremely disturbing
Appalling!!!!
You forgot threatening, violence against our constitution founders. Do something about it please.
This will NEVER be my new normal.
HE'S NOT NORMAL.
You mean lies!?!
It is conduct unbecoming of the office of President. Impeach this con man now!
Please help Mr. Van Hollen. What can we do about our "out of control" president??
So when will you and your colleagues finally act to remove this threat from office? It's your responsibility.
Dems are in the minority. Reps are responsible for initiating action.
Yes! @ChrisVanHollen. Dignified, kind, lighthearted,informative, persuasive, unifying messages by a Pres. over social media would be fine.
What can we do to start #25thAmendment process??
Personality-disordered. Untreatable. But I think there's some dementia or other disintegration happening.
Perhaps. It would be nice to get some sort of an evaluation.
But it also distracts us from real issues, like #ProtectOurCare. Keep fighting
The #trumpRussia FBI investigation of his whole swamp house as well. The attorneys getting attorneys to defend their attorneys. #crookedDon
Report it to twitter.
