Chris, can you please tell me exactly how the Russians could have affected our elections? Did the Russians Vote?
Sen. VanHollen! This guy is a DICTATOR will not do anything for this country look what he invited to the WH last week. Putin very proud!
He is the first man live in the WH lies to American people everyday and the lawmakers have done nothing???
You people are so predictable in your inane analysis of the events of the White House.  Go away!
you're spot on.. you can see that from 10 miles away.
That's because it is.
WH is running scared.
It it smells, it smells.Most important is the dictatorship he's quietly building.When it's too late, then he won't be funny.
there is no collusion you idiot
What office are you running for?
Interesting who gets tarred with the "Swamp" label and who doesn't. We'll likely have an "outsider" like Gulianni as our next FBI director.
FOUR INVESTIGATIONS STILL GOING ON INCLUDING FBI'S HOW MANY MORE DO YOU WANT?
So, you are saying an incompetent political appointee shouldn't be fired!
We, the People, are screwed, aren't we? I never thought l'd actually live inside the dystopian novels I read as a teen. 
Lived it ...didn't love it. His legacy = Shit.
Please consider reviewing your Orwell. Start with 'Animal Farm'. That's 45, your dear leader, that = Comrade Napoleon.
Firing Comey is the best thing to happen in a long time! Russian collusion narrative is lib bs, nonsense created to explain Hillary's loss.
Like Benghazi ad nauseam? If you have nothing to hide, nothing to fear, Oh wait, 45 just fired a man who helped him win. Suspicious much?
Where is the logic in that? He helped him win but fired him to cover up a story with no evidence lol.
russia was used 2coverup seth rich murder dnc whistleblower 2wikileaks, hillary podesta obama TRUTH
Think the investigation will continue now?  Firing the person investigating is one way to stop it.
What are you planning to do about it, Sen Van Hollen? Maryland voters expect action! Will you shut down the Senate?
And I hope that u do everything in your power to protect us Marylanders from the clown we have in office
Congrats on writing a great house tweet! http://greathousetweets.measuredvoice.com/ChrisVanHollen/status/862063825503309824 … (Ranked 26th for May 9.)
Comey must have been close to recommending Special Prosecutor -> if so this is obstruction of justice -> grounds for impeachment
Oh yes, looking for that golden excuse for the democrat mantra!
Chris what has a stench is your nose after having it buried in obama and hillarys boody. Now do the job we elected you to do
I doubt if Trump thinks firing the top guy is going to stop any investigation.
Not really, considering the FBI threatened to go public after he screwed their Clinton investigation 6 months ago already.
and you just finished up your interview with a blatant lie. #justtellthetruth #stopthenarratives
Your a fool and partisan hack!
Thank you for standing up for what is right! 
Shut your mouth big money
What a joke, not 1 shred of evidence after a year lolol   where were you when Hillary skated due to Comey bootlicking
LOVE IT NAIL THE sob. trumpy
And . . . Now what?
you were quoted by @washingtonpost
oh yes, cover up big time
Already hung up my RS flag. #hanguparussianflag since America has been hijacked. #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
No doubt. Cover up?!!
Comey/Trump collusion is the reason Hillary lost, but he was fired for investigating Trump/Russian collusion to defeat Hillary? 
And the Dems know a thing or two about foul stench....just ask Bernie Sanders!
The only foul stench is the rat nest.
That foul stench is the DNC political hacks that can't make up their mind if Comey screwed Hillary or was going to screw Trump. Go shower.
wrong russians used as coverup for hillary/obama child traffcing,coverup of dnc seth rich murder,judge scalia others
you have to do something about it. Anything. This stinks of a #coverup. #COMEY
Where to look now given repeated admissions no evidence whatsoever?This is "repeat a lie enough,no evidence ever needed".
It doesn't take any intelligence to see the cover up. Trump must think we're idiots
This tweet has the foul stench of partisan politics.
#WhiteHouseofCards  #TrumpRussia
Say it sir. We all know that is a statement of truth.
Comey should have fired a long time ago.  Democrats are pathetic.
I fear we are witnessing a #silentrussiancoup   Congress needs to galvanize immediately!
Already hung up my Russian flag #hanguparussianflag America has been hijacked.
@HeidiLiFeldman Both Maryland Senators: Not having it one tiny cussin' bit.
Yes it does. He needs to be investigated, tried and jailed for treason.
Thank you Senator, we need an independent investigation now more than ever.
Barnum and Bailey sells show ro Democratic Party.
Hillary illegally emails on private server. DOJ meets with former Pres Clinton. Obama directs FBI to spy on Trump. How corrupt do you get !
Say It Again Mr.Van Hollen!!!!!
As a concerned American, and one of your constituents, I demand a special prosecutor. NOW.
Push for the investigation!
Love your leadership! Keep it up Senator, we NEED you!
There is no other credible motive. We need private investigation!
Then DO SOMETHING!
It is time to hire a Special Prosecutor. Someone that he can't fire when they do something he doesn't like.
We need an independent investigation, Senator.
Yes. It's time to start impeachment proceedings.
Would take a gun to @SpeakerRyans head for that to happen #ImpeachTrump he is so far up GOP and Donny's ass for him to put his country 1st
Van Hollen you'd know all about stench. Why don't you accidentally do something + for this country. HINT getting reallected is NOT +.
Only to the left. The rest of us know what it's really about.
It is very clear that that was the motivation!!
Please demand a special prosecutor and an independent investigation, this is NOT normal
This is the most important thing the senate has to do. Everything should be put on hold until this investigation is resolved!
Firing Comey clears the air of blatant corruption between the DOJ, Obama, Hillary and Lynch. You don't have a shred of evidence per Russians
Wreaks like a dead body

@realDonaldTrump Literally following Nixon script, Absolutely Incredible #ImpeachTrump  #IndependentInvestigation #TrumpRussia
What's incredible is that TiGGY hasn't been eaten by wild animals.... Because TiGGY is so stupid. Incredible.
yes it does Senator.  i am proud to support you as my MD Senator.
Make sure you ask for an independent investigation. Do not let up.
you were quoted in an article by @washingtonpost
DO. SOMETHING.
As a Navy Veteran & Maryland please do the right & push for an independent investigation
We can smell that clear into Maryland!! Keep investigating that collusion!
Thank you senator. Demand a special investigation!
Talk Now? Mr. Director! Did you think you were keeping that job? Wrong!
Stating the obvious doesn't help. We need action on this and to quit being sheep
Enter Rudy Giuliani...
How stupid can you be? It is overdue for a@lying son who lied before the Senate last week. He overstepped his job by not letting doj rule ..
On hilary last summer. The guy was paid off to protect hilary. He said he would work with asst Ag now but didn't last summer.
Hire a stooge. Shut down #TrumpRussia Investigation.
During Watergate, the president and his men were crooks. Now it's ENTIRE GODDAMN GOVERNMENT.
Absolutely.
Ya think ?!
Didn't Sessions recuse himself and now he recommended termination of Comey. The foul stench of corruption and it's coming from Trump.
That foul stench is from the demonrats and your upper lip.
It obstruction of justice. @TheJusticeDept is corrupt.
This is obstruction of justice, clearly, plainly and simply. Now do something about it.
They all must be terrfied after showing how ridiculous and guilty they are after the Clapper Yates shutdown.
Or or or or or something!!! Whooo that stings. Asshat.
Independent Commission....secure the FBI DOCUMENTS!!
You could say the exact same about Lynch and Bill Clinton meeting on the tarmac but partisan politics and all.
Special prosecutor needed
& after Comey sent an email that got him elected...what a stench!
Yeah, and Lindsay Graham is on board! No integrity whatsoever!
MD 6th - Senator, this is appalling. Please do whatever you can to bring our national nightmare to an end.
Sen VH, STOP THIS COUP;THIS MADNESS!! This DOES NOT Happen IN THE USA! @SenatorCardin WE MUST STOP THIS
Independent investigation now!
YOU USE YOUR BRAIN NOW! This is Obama's legacy. Learn to love it liberal fascist.
have to have to have special prosecutor faith in senate but trump and cabinet are sneaky lying and covering treason @amjoyshow @chrislhayes
..that's what it looks like to me!

Be very vigilant, citizens https://twitter.com/nprbusiness/status/862062685856444417 …
we need independent investigation NOW.
I hope the @DNC keeps being for something before they are against it once @realDonaldTrump does it. @GOP will dominate in 2018.
Where are the IRS equivalent of the "Rouge One" crew?
What can we do about it. I'm outraged that all this corruption is allowed by Congress. If we get Dem control can we stop Trump.
Investigations continue so your statement is stupid....
Lock down all potentially relevant documents NOW. Every fed employee, contractor & agency needs preservation orders from the Senate NOW.
Hope they are!!!
IT IS MUCH WORSE THAN THAT.  MUCH WORSE.  DONALD TRUMP IS SEIZING POWER FROM THE PEOPLE.
Duh, and the only people who can get the truth are you and your colleagues. Enough foot dragging!
Stinks to high heaven
That smell is your upper lip. This is Barack Hussein Obama's legacy. Learn to love it.
yea it does but i doubt it will work
Yates and Clapper testimony has Trump in panic mode... #Comey firing does NOT pass the smell test
You mean the testimony where they said there was no collision? Again? 
That Clapper was aware of at the time he left.... did not know of the CURRENT FBI investigation at that time... timelines are important
Lol maybe you should listen to it again. But keep hoping for a smoking gun.. if there was anything it would have come out before now
Mmmmhmmmm

