President Trump can try to bury the Statue of Liberty, but her torch will remain outstretched if we remain vigilant.
We are better than this shameful policy, and we will fight it.
Please vote no when confirming Sessions
Thank you for fighting, please keep it up, loudly!
The question is...what is REALLY going on?  These are distractions.
I think it's clear: whatever Bannon wants: war, destruction of the government, an all white US.
THANK YOU!!!!!
@Craigipedia everything about him is !!!
Thank you for opposing this unconstitutional and disruptive EO! @POTUS
Make Maryland proud 
also, thank you. a million times thank you.
support the admission of #refugees! #RefugeNotJail #RefugeesWelcome
I am a Silver Spring resident and am OUTRAGED at this act of xenophobia and outright racism.
Slave Master Democrats are an affront to our nation's values and hark back to slave days
Thank you!
he's a douchebag
No religion in politics, Period!
Thank you
Thank you Sir for standing up for all Americans.
Thank you for your support! Now get to work on impeachment TODAY!
Thank you!
Thank You for standing on the right side of history.
Thank you. How exactly are you and the dems going to fight this EO and what can we do as citizens to help? Details, please.
Thanks for calling it as it is. Xenophobic, indeed.
Thank you for standing up for the Constitution! Please go to BWI in person--tell CBP detainees must have access to lawyers!
Thank You!  Now you must do more!  Show up with the protesters, bring your colleagues, pass legislation to stop this!
I am proud I voted for you sir!
.@ChrisVanHollen Gum the Senate. Demand the EO be withdrawn.
Thank you Senator....now we need action.
Thank you for speaking out against the xenophobic, blovating windbag that conned his way to the White House. #NotMyPresident
what's the next step you'll be doing in Congress to end this shame to our country?
You are either Leonidas or Ephialtes. Our airports are Thermopylae. You are a traitor if you don't want vetting.
Please keep fighting for core American values. Will you vote against AG nominee?
Congrats on writing a great house tweet! http://greathousetweets.measuredvoice.com/ChrisVanHollen/status/825445512329433088 … (Ranked 27th for Jan 28.)
Thank you, @ChrisVanHollen
Thank you!
Thank You Senator Van Hollen for opposing this un-American EO
thank you for representing me #iamamerican and Trump administration does not represent me
So will we see you at BWI at 5 pm?
I'm glad I voted for you! Keep on fighting!
Thank you senator for being a patriotic American!
I find myself unfollowing twitter feeds filling with vitriol for POTUS. Let's pull away from Leftist hysteria.
@ChrisVanHollen Glad to see my two senators are standing against this egregious power grab. Thank you.
Thank you, from a Takoma Park constituent.
Thanks for the words, site. What actions will you be taking?
we have your back - keep resisting
Pls StandFirm SenVH, I volunteered 4 U & I have Total Faith& Resolve you will Fight for Us; Block votes, filibuster, Resist
What happened to preserving America for OUR children ? That WAS American value .. nit wits like you threw that away TRAITOR
thanks for speaking up against @Potus actions against #Immigrants and #Refugees #NoBanNoWall
Fight back with all you have, Senator. We will stand with you!
stop voting for his cabinet appointments. You are our voice.
He is making America unsafe by radicalizing people who already live here.
Thank you! @POTUS
thanks for speaking out against the #refugeeban. #RefugeesWelcomeInMaryland.
the DNC chair needs to be decided   - the move to keep and gain Senate seats needs to start now -
@OleHippieChick Trump Must Be Removed From Office Before Innocents Are Hurt. Bannon should be arrested under Hate Crimes Law
What about his xenophobic buddy Bannon that he just stuck on the National Security Council?
As one of your constituents, I ask you to take a stand and stop this.  We need action, not words.
thank you senator van hollen for upholding the values of our state
I am behind you. #grateful #ResistTrump
No you could not be more wrong @ChrisVanHollen .  DJT is protecting the American people.  America first!
.@ChrisVanHollen what is your concrete plan to address this? What are your actions if people are detained at BWI?
.@ChrisVanHollen @NormOrnstein #ImpeachHimNow

An important constituency would view singling out Jews sympathetically as a betrayal.
What are dems DOING ABOUT ANY OF IT?! DO SOMETHING!
@NormOrnstein Senator please help deploy lawyers to IAD and BWI
@NormOrnstein All Senators of conscience should refuse vote on Tillerson while this xenophobic abomination stands.
@NormOrnstein Must be removed due to physical impairment!
Agree.  What are you going to do about it. You are my senator. Speak for me!
Thank you.  This is NOT who we are! Keep it up. We need your voice more than ever!
thanks. And more thanks! Once again you make me proud to be a resident of #maryland and that I voted for you!
thank you for standing up for what is right!  #NoBanNoWall
So DO SOMETHING Please!!!
Thank you for this -- please do whatever you can to help
@mddems So I expect no more votes for his cabinet picks from either of my senators.
@mddems Think for yourself and stop using Democrat talking points. Having read the order it is something I approve.
Please do something! This is making us more unsafe and plays right into ISIS recruiting
Please keep speaking against this unconstitutional Executive order.  Congress must stop this National crisis! #NoMuslimBan
please do all you can to fight this. We need you.
@charles_gaba Thank you. Now it's time to fight to make Baltimore a sanctuary city!
Here are your words at Bowie State on January 15. They are inspiring. Please, please do something. I'm your constituent.
We need to hear from you & @SenDems tonight. What will you do? Tweets are easy; resisting is work but if you do we r with u
if I came to your house, and you don't me, would you let me in ?
No it isn't, by exempting Saudi Arabia & Egypt, where he has business interests, he'll still be able to feather his nest.
What are you planning on doing about it? How long will this be allowed to go on? -- p.s. I'm your constitutent
Is there an actual plan to stop it?  #NoMuslimBan
please DO something.   I am sure there are senators on the other side of the aisle willing to denounce and repeal this
Then fight for us @ChrisVanHollen! @lizclarketweet
@mddems Stop voting get for is nominees. Stop any show of willingness to work with this admin. #ResistTrump
DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT
Let's get some congressional action then! Why don't you & @TheDemocrats DO SOMETHING! Did you learn NOTHING from last 8 yrs?
@charles_gaba And where are you? Find a microphone and show some leadership to the American people.  #DemocratsTooLazy
.@ChrisVanHollen Will you introduce/cosponsor legislation to counter this executive order?
@charles_gaba Is anyone really listening?
Yep. 100%. Is Congress going to do something about it?
@POTUS No, it is affront to your values, but not the majorities ca,ues. Grow up! Stop speaking for others.
what will you hope to do? Other than tweet?
It's more than that. It's traitorous & pure evil. Stop using soft, weak words like "affront." Get strong. Woman up, Chris.
Thanks, now fix our roads and infrastructure in MD.
Please do something to stop this monster

Felons and illegals are who your party represents now.
he is violating the constitution of the US that he took an oath to defend just a week ago. Needs decisive action on him now
#trumpskkkabinet
I respect the sentiment, but have you got legislation or have you got tweets? Trump has moved fast. Get ahead of him.
Bravo Sen VanHollen. We, your constituents, agree!
I agree 100%. Now please tell me as your constituent what exactly you'll be doing to stop this? Remaining vigil not enough.
& you'll do what about it? My guess, a big nothingburger. We are entering a Fascist state & SenDems are nowhere to be found
in '64 at my 8th grade graduation I was honored to read the poem that ends "send these, the homeless tempest tossed to me."
@FlynnMcLean it's like saying thoughts and prayers after another mass shooting.  We need action. !
We need the Dems to please stand up to ALL of Trump's stances. This is not the America I know. This is sad! We are hurting.
I love it jack ass
what are you and the rest of Capital Hill going to do about this and other executive orders?
thank you for speaking out! How will you fight against this and how can we help?
PLEASE GET A NEWS CONFERENCE GOING AND STAND UP FOR WHAT IS RIGHT!
please lead us through this disaster
Agreed Senator - Agreed.  Congress needs to act - more than just sending Tweets.
Please, I've been begging you for days now, please stand up to this bully!
What are you going to do about it? You are my senator - make my voice heard.
@Seacretsoc1 @ChrisVanHollen We really need our Senators and Congressman to speak up for us.
@owillis what are you prepared to do?
@owillis so stop cooperating with this asshat & obstruct everything
@sarahposner no it's not Obama and drop 25,000 bombs last year now that's the front to all of humanity, but where were you?
@lrozen even @mike_pence and @SpeakerRyan have denounced this during the campaign
Calls to ban Muslims from entering the U.S. are offensive and unconstitutional.
Donald Trump is an affront to our nation's values.
@tamarjot he is an affront to HUMAN values.
Thank you from someone who voted for you.
Didn't Obama beat him to it?
@owillis in the words of Elvis: A little less conversation, a little more action. We Dems are waiting for YOU to #resist.
@SenSchumer shut down all action in the Senate until this EO is withdrawn. The world is watching as America destroys itself
you & all @SenateDems have to DO SOMETHING. you also can't just tweet. #act #resist #doyourjob
What, trying to protect Americans?
@owillis it's pure evil
Obama banned refugees from Iraq for six months in 2011. For some reason there was no blue checkmark meltdown then! Why?
what are the Dems doing about it?
@lrozen but on the same account your nation has elected him 45th President of USA what else can u do other than bearing him
Congress can vote to override EO, right? So how about doing that? Or are we still in the talking phase of outrage? #resist
What are you and the Dems going to ACTUALLY do to stop it?  Actions not just words please
agreed. You guys need to stand up to this insanity
Chris demonstrates he is not representing Md. Time for Chris to check with the ME on their policy.
There are no small acts of unkindness.
Do u recognize the start of a coup when you see it? In 1930's Germany, the Reichstag's members didn't. Rs+Ds better stop it.
You have the nerve to say that while you hide behind a wall with security guards!!!!
THATS MY SENATOR
what are your next steps to reverse this?
@owillis Then do something.
It's not about safety. It's about fear, and hate, and greed.
This requires drastic action on the part of Democrats. You should all already be assembled in Washington to meet and demand time on TV.
