Yet another reason we need an independent prosecutor to investigate Trump's ties to Russia.
Not gonna happen. @LindseyGrahamSC  on MorningJoe Just towers WH line. Supports decision and says timing is fabricated issue created by DEMS
Oops! TOWED party line
True. No president has ever fired anyone before. Unbelievable.
Sorry but you're fired is a great approach
But you wanted him fired when Pres. Obama was his boss.   Politics at it's finest.
Constitutional crisis while your at it.
actually, I've never been more confident in our Justice system. @POTUS firing Comey means DOJ/FBI is totally on to something
Funny what were you saying after his news conference during the election. Hypocrite!
all we see if your blatant hate and your desire to DESTROY a person EVEN IF IT DESTROYS THIS COUNTRY! AND MARK MY WORDS THAT IS HAPPENING!
His approach seems to be working so far...
#TrumpWon!
crisis of confidence not just in Justice Dept, but in the entire government, the entire nation, probably by this morning the whole world
He runs on personal prejudices n dislikes
Seems to have worked pretty well here.... Comey isn't working anymore, is he 
But it does work for him---ZERO repercussions for any of his absurd and borderline (?) illegal actions. He's having a ball on our dime.
Not only a crisis of confidence in the DOJ! Heck, Americans have lost confidence in the executive branch! Failing as pres! Am deserves more
Maybe you should focus on recommending a FBI director that BOTH parties can have confidence in.
Jim Comey created the "crisis of confidence."  Actually, "you're fired" works well.  Trump is holding someone accountable for their actions.
any chance you'll EVER do anything not totally driven by hateful politics?
In case you forgot I'll refresh your memory.  Laws are 2 b followed by everyone, incl Clinton's. Comey gave her a free pass.
Oh really. Laws are to b followed be everyone.  Clinton's included.
yes it does. and nobody deserved it as much as COMEY and that is something YOU GUYS SAID TOO . no matter what DT does you guys throw A FIT
Obstruction of justice! Impeach!
worked like a charm for all of us who are sick of Dems wasting time with false narratives while Hillary stays free
We didn't elect a president.  We elected a game show host.  Adjust your expectations.
As if Comey making it up to pretend required to prove criminal intent w mishandling classified didn't already do that
- works when you're draining the swamp! Another campaign promise kept!  Voters thrilled.  Coney corrupt and out of control.
He doesn't even know what you are talking about. His brain is such he can't follow an argument.
Ha ha ha. In the justice department? You mean I the US government right? In American democracy? Right? Right? #Comeygate #comeyfired
creating a crisis of confidence in DOJ? Get real Senator, that was created and embellished to perfection under LYNCH
You long ago created a crisis of confidence in our legislature. #termlimits
That's clearly the point.
Do you ever accomplish anything, besides ranting?
You say that like there hasn't been already?
 8 years of Obama skirting/breaking laws was plenty...
.Settle down, Drama. The DOJ Crisis of Confidence was created by Loretta Lynch & Eric Holder years ago. Catch up!
"crisis of confidence?"  Justice is run by a clueless man named #Sessions
...and pointing the arrow at himself#complicit
Crisis in our justice happened last year, when Hillary Clinton was given a free pass. She should have been prosecuted.
Crisis of confidence in the FBI was caused by Comey. That's why he's fired.
Yeah it does! To bad your constituents arent smart enough to do it to you!
Disagree.
No Trump is restoring confidence when Hillary, Obama, Huma, Rice and Lynch should all have been arrested.
how about your Master Obama spied on the Americans? DEM=thug=no respect.
Nah. You're just an idiot.
What an absurd statement.
So he should just stick surveiling journalists like Barack did to James Rosen and the AP?
Just watched a news clip in which he raved about Comey's actions before election. Not an issue then-why an issue now? Oh, I know-#russiagate
You Dems can't decide if Comey is a good guy or a bad guy. Make up ur mind.
Comey lost the trust of the American people & needed to go!
Shut up. We finally have a President with the guts to clean out this D.C. toxic sewer. If you had any integrity you'd be thanking him.
It didn't work for Nixon.
It's past time for a special prosecutor. This has gotten past the Nixon Watergate smell test
He wants chaos at the FBI so the Russia investigation gets halted
Bull, too bad the citizens of Md can't just say you are fired. Then we could vote for a Senator with a brain who would work for not the Dems
That's what he wants
I'm ashamed to be a Maryland citizen when you make statements typical of  a DEMORAT STOOGE.
- there HAS BEEN a crisis of confidence for months. Wake up.
The crisis in confidence was CREATED by Coney and Loretta Lynch.  Good riddance!
No love lost for Comey but Trump's dismissal of him is opportunistic interference Can firing man investigating own campaign be allowed?
Is ANYBODY going to stop this cretin?!?!
We all keep waiting for somebody to do something, but I don't see anyone doing anything.
They tweet. Or go on TV. This is beyond insane. Sally, Preet, now Comey?
Only to wish that someday that Chris Van Holden would be fired.
That's his intent.
In our entire gov't.
Obviously, it DOES work.  He's OUTTA THERE!
I Disagree! COMEY should have turned in his resig 1/20/17! You all need to STOP bashing our POTUS and give him a chance to do his job!
Go back to school. You need a foundation in democracy, not autocracy.
you say it doesn't work, want to tell that to Andrew Jackson? He fired how many people during his 8 yrs as POTUS?
Or Bill Clinton, they forget about that!
He's already created a crisis of confidence in America's people, & the world's. @realDonaldTrump is a dangerous disaster. #trumpTREASON
Why not? We already in a crisis of confidence in the entire White House!
He doesn't care. He thrives in chaos. He's now signaled his challenge - he can do anything he wants & who is actually going to stop him?
JESUS.  PLEASE TAKE THIS TYRANT DOWN.  HE MUST GO NOW.  THIS COUNTRY CANNOT TAKE THIS INSANITY.
Back in reality, the country is doing great.  Get a breathe of fresh air every once in a while
