So it really was about who would pay you the most. You say what Fox wanted, now @MSNBC Can't believe anything you say
if POTUS gave away all of his wealth Dems like CVH would be required to gripe that it took too long. Party pol
He's never been credible to the Dems since the day he announced. Nothing new.  Dems are party of No and Hate!
Why do you support such 0ing by casting aspersions on his truthfulness. He and most of us felt it to be so.
S little research on your part may be warranted Greta.
If NSA/CIA can't legally spy on targets they ask GCHQ (UK) to do it. US spies get access via shared spy cloud. Bypassing local laws & courts
said the liars who have no credibility with the American citizens
If anyone followed #Trump's career, he has always lied, promised and then nothing. LIES WHOLE LIFE.
can not be all bad, he made himself a multi billionaire.
Again, how do we know?
Pres Trump has not lost credibility the media and Chris can Hollen has
it's bad for the country ..when half of America wants to see it fail. Get over it. It's going to win again!
the MSM's credibility is the one that is now "zeroed out entirely" actually.
Totally agree!! This is outright sedition!

then why say that?
Why was obamas credibility 0 after lying to us numerous times???????
Please!! Dems are hysterical just because POTUS doesn't play their games. Obama did NOTHING for 8 freakin yrs.
Except put the American economy my in the right track which is why the UE rate was 4.8%
Not So!  President Trump has not been wrong on anything!

If NSA/CIA can't legally spy on targets they ask GCHQ (UK) to do it. US spies get access via shared spy cloud. Bypassing local laws & courts
if he is in office 4 years heaven help us all, i am so tried of his drama and lies, and his clown kellyanne
only on CNN and MSNBC.  More to come!
Credibility of Democrats, you mean.
no Greta it has NOT zeroed out!!  He is doing an amazing job considering mentally ill  dems attacking him
No wonder you left @FoxNews because they don't seem to think so, certainly not @TuckerCarlson with more eyes
As exhibited by Obama's terms in office.
Since liberal media is at minus 80 points Trumps zero looks pretty good by comparison
welcome to your new network HELLNN
well that just tells you how stupid this guy is, DJT is not zeroed out, he's just getting stronger...
grr
these sound like the same talking points used during campaign to argue against @POTUS election to begin with
"If you like your Healthcare..." recent statement by Jonathan Gruber "ACA was never meant to help everyone."
i have problem with his statements credibility, as he is speaking in absolutes! NOT TRUTH
this #dumbass from Maryland needs camera time evidently Up for election soon Chris? Pandering to wackos maybe?
it's bad for the world when the credibility of USA's POTUS is zeroed out entirely.
What do you expect when trump opens his mouth he exaggerates & lies. He's a Buffon an embarrassment Sad Sad
all you can get on your show is liberals & never Trump? McCain is always available
Obama's zeroed out and no one covered it.
it's bad for the country when people like the one above and the unhinged liberals try to destroy our president
and I bet his golf clubs and golf balls are not regulation either
..and simultaneously zero credibility of the media.....bring back the "Credibility Gap" for both
That cried last night in TN didn't look so small, perhaps rethink that comment
I'm one of the people of the occupied territories of MD cursed with marxist socialist van Hollen, totally worthless
only in your mind @Chrisvanhollen, only in your mind
Like MSNBC and POTUS 2005 tax returns
I am amazed it took only 2 wks to "debunk" POTUS claim yet we are nearly a year into the Russians w/nothing but still looking
I was going to make a jokey comment until I saw the rifraff that has already replied. Good luck, Greta.
bad for country when reporters report half a quote for a headline that suits their agenda.
Do you really believe that his credibility is zero.  Please watch a different channel.
are you going to say something about snoop dog nephew twitter on melania trump?
which is being accomplished by a disgustingly biased MSM who has no integrity.
zeroed out by zeros who want to bring him down
I hate to say it, but judging from Greta's tweets ,they do seem to lean from anti Trump guests.
. Is that not the goal of MSNBC/CNN? R progressives not engaged in political turmoil/rigmarole? UNPROFESSIONAL?
propaganda and destruction at the hands of Bama man the little pres!
Just as bad as a #MSM with no cred.
1/2 the country felt no credibility in Obama n 1/2 the country find Trump has credibility-divided country
That @BillKristol & @ChrisVanHollen had to explain this to you is incredible. It's about his character, not his support.
and you say this after 8 year of Obama!!!! Give me a break.  Must be the MSNBC strong arm tactic.
Miss Obama, he had class not like this idiot lacks intelligence & has vocabulary of 7 year old
Just lived through 9 years of the most deceptive admin ever, now all the effort will go to undoing Socialism.
how's that Russian connection  going, Chris. ahem.
Carrying the water for the liberal DEmocrats is not like you.
Credibility of this @POTUS is far from zeroed out. That's just the false news story of @MSNBC @greta
but it's ok for the media/Dems to keep up the Russia collusion when there has been NO evidence.. hypocritical
so ironic. You didn't mind over a dozen investigations on Benghazi. Found nothing
just pointing out hypocrisy. Happens in all kinds of situations
plus there is a lot of lying and hiding from Trump and co. Concerning Russia.why?
potus should be careful he is catching up with NBC, Not !
Russia has definitely noticed. They can make up whatever documents they want and media will run with it
North Korean TV Greta - you made your bed
You're a Paid troll bot.
Trying to convince yourself that DT's lying is of no consequence?
It's bad for the country when the media has no credibility. ZERO!
I totally agree!!
well if the bar is zero, get creative with this administration 
It's bad for the country when so called journalist crosses the line publish tax returns on Private citizens.
Greta where is this man's credibility to be found outside of his base? As we breathe he lies. #DemandHisTaxes.
It's bad for the country when Media blocks or ban free speech.
Rural/Suburb Pasco Co. Florida most citizens want a credible President. @POTUS lying is a probpasc@PascoDems
This from Florida? The rest of us want a credible Florida.
I persly wd lk credible __. But really. Try to stand in credibility when you call for it
"zeroed out entirely" by the insignificant.
And sad when you lost yours by going to MSNBC.
He will still have more credibility than ALL you Liars in Congress yes that does include you Chris!
How can you NOT be concerned by this NONSENSE?!  His lies aren't off anyone's 'radar screen'
I know,  right? Thank God those last 8 yrs are over!
Trump desire to be vindicated for the absurd is dangerous for the US presidency and for the American people!
Bad for the country when MSM pushes Russia Collusion down citizens throats day in and day out with ZERO evidence!
Expect that from him. Appreciate you reading Sen. Graham's statement as people want answers from FBI and DOJ.
It’s bad for the country when the credibility of The Media is “zeroed out entirely” as well !
media and Dems remain confused about whose credibility has been "zeroed out"
Actually the republicans are living in technicolor no reality check the emperor has no cloths
WTH did you keep contradicting Senator Van Hollen? . He said it's dangerous and you said " I don't think is dangerous
GO TRUMP KEEP THEM CRYING AND POUTING
Its bad for the country when he was elected president but no one wants to give the guy a chance..8 years ago it would be called a hate crime
Did it hurt our country when Obama said: "If u like ur doctor, u can keep ur doctor etc."
how about the credibility of the bought & paid for Congress and the MSM???
what if the evidence comes out and you learn a whole lot more about Obama's administration???
Greta, you know just because someone does not think it is dangerous, does not mean it is not dangerous.
It's his opinion the POTUS credibility is 'zeroed' out!! Let's see the work he will do!!
Sure blue egg w/14 followers
how long was it before the investigations revealed HRC's private email server?
spent 9 million on goose chance mean time trump using his own phonereally worried about HRC.
