Not to step on toes.....but would you consider a job opening we have in DC...involves lots of travel....?
I looked at a lot of his tweets if this for a laugh it ain't funny, only us white boys can be racist.
got ya
Mr senator. Your president is talking out of his arse. Taiwan deserve our help....but his makes their situation much worse.
No it doesn't. It was about time.
yeah because making up policy on the hoof without consultation is a great way to deal with a nuclear power
And Trump signalled several times during campaign it wouldn't be business as usual w/ China.
coexisted profitably for 40 yrs. this is incredibly irresponsible
Nonsense. You have no clue what you're talking about. Here's Carafano some time ago:
threatens that by making unilateral deals with foreign countries. We should support Taiwan but this doesn't help
Here's Taiwan disagreeing with you. Keep thinking this wasn't carefully planned:
I don't see what the prpoblem is. We knew Trump would do things differently. China needs us; they'll deal w/it.
Precisely, you don't see what the problem is.
I feel fine about agreeing with Tom Cotton.
Clearly one of the corollary benefits of being blissfully unaware. Carry on.
China has been building military bases on islands they don't own. Obama does nothing. This is a preview of pushback to come
#dumbass
@stephenfhayes we thank you tom for being the only senator who stood against the Iran deal.
Right, would have been son much better to let Iran develop nuclear capabilities unsupervised...
Where did you critics get your foreign policy experience - from CNN? Bunch of DoS 30yo with a polysci degree need cleaned out.
@jaketapper bet your rooting for that Trump hotel too.  You do realize one President at a time, right?
hillary agrees
Thank you on behalf of people of Taiwan.
@jaketapper stupid is as stupid does. If you were only half as smart as you think you are.
This was a major screw up. Why you would insert yourself into this major screw up is frankly baffling.
Licking Trump's wing tips will certainly payoff for you in the long run...  Can that possibly be what you're thinking?
Making China lose face is not something Xi is likely to forget. If you can't think too well, don't think too hard.
@ginarocksu its so horrible taking call from a democracy&getting grief from everyone who thinks giving weapons to them is cool
@dansenor Is there ANY doubt that if PE Clinton had done the same thing, you'd both be screaming "Traitor"?
And chumming it up with a murderous dictator like Castro is't?
The reality is Trump doesn't know what he's doing Senator.  Your statement is a poor attempt to make him look OK.
OBAMA had NO IDEA at least Trump runs his own business! Obama never had a real job!
Thank you, Senator!  China has no right to tell an American #President who they may speak with!!
@hectormorenco 

What's your comment on workers who are disabled in Arkansas? Will you ever look at the laws
.@SenTomCotton @stephenfhayes Senator,when you spoke with Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen did she advise you on hotels to stay at?
Did anyone ask for a statement?
statement would be fine if we had a real democracy hear rather than govt by majority share holders.
You've been the most consistent and noble senator for well over a year now. Keep up the good work!
@BossyCowgurl84 
Have we arleady forgotten the spring of 1996?
American people agree
@lionsomega Nations that have democratically elected Govts should take priority over all others and be the only members of UN.
@juniperbreeze07 
I agree with you completly. Thank you. "1-#China-policy" can not mean it is not allowed to make a phone call.
well said... 2024?
A common nice comment from you, not sure why all the brain-numb liberal tweets you got for it.  Keep supporting MAGA!
are you really as deeply flawed and just plain stupid as you appear?
Thank you Senator.  I look forward to your leadership as our new POTUS works to make America Greater.
He was my dark horse pick for Sec of State. Sharp and military minded young man. Not too late @realDonaldTrump
I would absolutely love him for SOS.
@datrumpnation1  We elected #PresidentTrump to kick over some tables. He's up and running. #FinallyALeader
-And to drive out the money changers.
@stephenfhayes  You are as regrettable as he is, with your ham-handed approach to foreign policy.
Just more proof of how unqualified Trump is for leadership.  You are a traitorous s.o.b.
Why not write a letter to Taiwan and have 47 of your fellow traitors sign it?
@jaketapper love it when people flying economy comment on the smarts of the guy flying in a private 757.
@jaketapper China more concerned with Trump's trade and currency plans  than this phony media trumped up story
And here is Taiwan Relations Act:  

https://www.ait.org.tw/en/taiwan-relations-act.html …

@SenTomCotton @JackPosobiec @hectormorenco @PrisonPlanet @madremal0807
Uh, isn't WalMart HQed in ur state. Can't imagine they're going 2 b happy when their supply chain gets cut off @SenTomCotton @stephenfhayes
don't you have some Clinton emails to research? Trumps conflict of interests is nothing right?
yeah wonderful!
@jaketapper President of Taiwan called Hillary before the election to wish her well. It was widely reported in Taiwanese media
Another buffoon speaks. Delete your account.
One China Policy is bully tactic.
Taiwan was needed to control South China Sea.  No longer needed
thank you!
Thought  conservatism was " less govt"? MaybeTrump has redefined cons in his own image&likeness & all u can do is fall inline
Thank you!
No more business as usual.  Go @realDonaldTrump
@stephenfhayes maybe SOS material after all.
@stephenfhayes let msm lead you and make complete fools of yourselves     go President TRUMP
Not being afraid to try new ways of going things is what made America great in the first place.
@jaketapper In other words we going to let this insane unqualified man do whatever he wants while padding his pockets! Thx GOP
@jaketapper You're a disappointment.
Sen Duck Cotton is a traitor,he does not represent the U.S.
Tom, what was your response when Mr. Obama called Iran's killers of American soldiers?  Post that on Twitter!
Hey ARKANSANS do you really think this douche cares about you? You're just his stepping stone and have been since day 1!
You're part of the problem in Washington. Are you planning to continue to participate in this madness? You should resign
so do you prefer "senator squishnuts" or "senator micropenis" as your moniker? For my records.
yes but not smart to do this in public risk is especially we Need china for N Korea
=> TRAITOR!
Thank you for publicly supporting@realDonaldTrump.
@realDonaldTrump  I commend you for making this statement.  Thank you
Sorry, no one believes CNN. Seriously, don't you think an internal investigation is needed within CNN. No trust.
NO NO NO dont let them normalize this bullshit. He's a moron n so is Cotton
just terrible. your party is starting to look very anti-american  very unprofessional  very 'party over country'. Sad.
You see, Tommy Boy, it's funny that you applaud Trump for sticking up for democracy bc he actually wants to dismantle it here
Traitor
@jaketapper you are such a tool
.@SenTomCotton @stephenfhayes @ianbremmer @hblodget
Apparently faculty lounge "prominent geopolitical experts" are unaware of this policy.
hey is that Trump gobble goo on your chin ? To think of all the others fighting to hunker down and you are throat wide open !
Right. We prob don't need China for N. Korea, and not picking fights w/ everyone at same time is for cucks.
We do not recognize Taiwan as Chinese soil. We recognize it as Taiwan soil. China can take a hike.
Dismissing decades of diplomacy with a nuclear foe and accepting rejection of @StateDept in such dealings borders on #treason
Judt can justify murder as long as it fits your Selfish political views.#Weak BendoverforyourmasterTrump
@jaketapper he playing Ted Cruz playbook cozy up now and try to destroy 2019 won't know what will hit him wen he does tat. 
@jaketapper These guys are absolutely playing with fire. If China sits out the next treasury auction, GOP agenda will be toast
Jesus. Trump could take a dump on the Constitution, wipe his ass w/ the American flag & youd still "commend" him, wouldn't you
That was what Obama has been doing in the last 8 years.
@stephenfhayes I actually like the idea of asserting sovereignty on Taiwan as a counter to PRC's moves in S. China Sea.
Oh please, there are so many seats you need to take! As if you actually know anything about foreign affairs.
@jaketapper the more Trump wings it, the more uncomfortable things are beginning to feel...we are better than this!
@jaketapper A joke indeed! I guarantee you if HRC excepted the same call there would be fake outrage from the GOP. Hypocrites
Appreciate your patriotism and boldness senator, China had no respect for  Obama, now they are evaluating their aggression!

@stephenfhayes maybe should have sent a pallet of money?
@stephenfhayes prob shoulda sent them some weapons.
You say this like Trump planned it.  It was a blunder, but you're such a partisan hack, you're trying to spin it as smart. LOL
@jaketapper Your statement is an embarrassment and disqualifying.
you're like the student that didn't know there was a pop quiz and at the last minute googled #Taiwan
@jaketapper not surprising since the Senator has no respect for diplomacy and has engaged in reckless behavior before re: Iran
@stephenfhayes To all these Obama/HRC sycophants, Sen. Cotton is right. Foreign policy of the last 8 yrs has been a disaster.
and how about the fact that we haven't had Presidential contact for over 30 years!
@jaketapper no mention of his conflict of interest, Sen? History will not forgot those who fell in line w/ this kleptocrat.
I might buy it if trump knew any of this before the call and wasn't just trying to sell his hotels.
@jaketapper obviously not a diplomat! Marcia!
"only democracy on Chinese soil."
Oh no! Did something happen to Hong Kong?
im with Tom Cotton on this one!
@jaketapper Cotton has no honor. No code. No dignity. How could he and have been for Trump.
thank you, finally someone who isn't afraid of the communists. We can have good relations with whom ever we please
this is disgraceful, Tom.
@jaketapper You are a week Senator and will have this on your record in 4 years!  Grow a pair!!
You know a little something about being a novice public official gracelessly inserting yourself in world affairs.
@jaketapper that's a bad statement
CC @RadioFreeTom aka Fake Pundit Real Wizard
@dansenor and if @POTUS did this your statement would be? #astoundinghypocrisy
I agree.
Where is the Red Line?.
5 mo-old Fatima has lost her parents and her leg from Assad/Putin bombing of ppl trapped in Aleppo,Syria v/@sahloul 
The Democracy of Taiwanese is not on Chinese soil, it is on TAIWANESE SOIL. Maybe you should say "on Mandarin-speaking soil".
the shitshow is just beginning and he's about to get the nuclear codes. Well done sir, well done.
"[t]he only democracy on Chinese soil" - but whether Taiwan is part of China is disputed in Taiwan's politics.
so you just gonna put party above national interest?!
So, we're ending the "One China," policy?
Yes. Your moral courage is so inspiring. Good to see you'll go along with anything to get re-elected. #coward
... from the same guy who wrote to Iran openly disagreeing with the president. You seriously don't understand foreign policy.
Wow. Can't say I have any more confidence after reading your statement. #Amateur
We have one president at a time, you can't change decades of foreign policy without telling the White House
You have lost all your Army core values and have become a Trump cuck for political capital. You are a puppet.
please stop pretending this is normal rational behaviour by a grown up.
You guys are the problem. Get out of the way and let the adults take charge.
Sad, really.
that's a meaningless non-statement
Holy shit, you are dumb, too. "I have no idea about foreign policy and/or relations" is no way to run a superpower.
Nice SoS audition.
Are you suggesting that Trump understood what he was doing? If so, are you ready to die for Trump? Just a question.

you're pathetic.
.@SenTomCotton Good point. It's not like he sent a seditious letter to a hostile, foreign power.
RIGHT THE GANG WHO LOVE THE NUKES!! AMERICAN Traitors
.@Debi129 @SenTomCotton CAN YOU SPEAK UP A LITTLE. I CAN BARELY HEAR YOU. SEEMS TO BE A BAD CONNECTION!! THANK you
are you serious? Really?
Common sense in a world of liberal noise
Cotton kisses the ring.  Noted.
I think we'll be a lot more interested in China's statement, thanks anyway.
You are going to regret all the tubes of lipstick you've wasted on that pig.
AKA: "How can I clean this mess up."
we do not need to hear from you, this is bad enough.
@realDonaldTrump @seanhannity Cotton needs place in Trump admin He's upstanding, knowedgeable & heart's seems in right place
wish it were longer!
@realDonaldTrump BRAVO! This is an example of the kind of no-nonsense diplomacy possible without media nonsense.
Quit putting ur career & party before ur country! Trump is eyeing Taiwan for a hotel you dolt.
are you sad you wont get to run for President in 2020 now?
@KirstenPowers Here you go Powers.....you all constantly look foolish. I guess you are paid to look dopey. @mitchellvii
who cares about your statement
you r a true American like @realdonaldtrump  
