Is Donald Duck next Secretary of State interviewee? Please choose #NeverRomney, #AlwaysBolton-Ruddi
what happy news! Congratulations.
Congratulations! As a mom of 2 boys, you're in for a great ride!!
congratulation tom
Congratulations Senator.
Blessings and Congratulations!
Congrats!
congratulations my friend. Blessings to all of you.
CONGRATULATIONS SENATOR!
Congratulations to you and Anna on the New Baby boy.  Keep up the good work.  You must be doing good--You are on TV  a lot.
congrats!
Congratulations! Enjoy every second.
congratulations on your new baby boy. God bless your family
Mazel tov!
@BeladonnaRogers  Congratulations to you and your family!
Great reason to ensure the health & vitality of the ecosystem that supports us all, & must, for as many generations as man walks the earth 
congrats Senator ... best job you will ever have
Congrats Tom!!!
Congratulations to your entire family, As. Cotton @SenTomCotton.
Enjoy your wonderful blessing!
@BeladonnaRogers
Congratulations!
@BeladonnaRogers Congratulations to both of you.
Prayers for you your family and your new son.  Merry Christmas.

congratulations
congratulations!!!
God bless and many happy, healthy years for that young man!
congrats Sir and #OldGuard!
congratulations!
congratulations to you and your beautiful wife!
Congratulations!
@sistertoldjah Congratulations! All the happiness in the world with your new little person. God Bless you!
Congratulations!!
Congrats ! nice to see smart people replacing themselves for a change.
congratulations and blessings!
Congrats!  @SenTomCotton @Jappelbaume
Lord, help that child.
LT, may you have the joy that we have found !!! V/r
congratulations on the new bundle of joy
Congratulations! Wishing your son a long, happy, healthy life!
Congratulations!! What a blessing to experience, may God bless you and your family.
Congrats!  Children are a blessing from the Lord!
Congratulations!
Congratulations! You are in our prayers.
congratulations!
@RightWingAngel congratulations, what a blessing
Congratulations and many blessings to your family! 
Congratulations, blessings and much joy always with your wonderful wife, Anna, and your sons. So very happy for you all!
@BeladonnaRogers Happiest Congratulations and Many Blessings!
@DENVERSMKC congratulations!
Congratulations!
Congratulations what a wonderful early Christmas gift form God. Bless you both and your baby boy.
wonderful! So happy for you and Anna and little Cotton! Prayers for you all!
congrats on the new addition.  May God bless you all!
God Bless you and your family sir. God Bless the US.
Congratulations Senator! God bless you and your family!
Whooa!
The NEW LOW!
IMAGINE if this happened to You? Wife/ Sis?
 Merkel's Germany, Berlin Subway: Afghans gang kicked a woman without reason in the back, she falls 8 steps with her face on concrete. 
Congrats!
Congrats Sir!!
Congrats to you both.
@slone the next generation Senator Cotton has arrived! #military #veterans #law 
@Ifitsthisname Congratulations early christmas present 
Congradulations!!!
Congratulations to you and Anna!
Congratulations Senator. Prayers for you and your family going up
Congrats Senator
congrats Senator and we pray mom and son are healthy and doing well!
@The405radio CONGRATS!!!!
Congratulations!  So happy for you!!!  What a Blessing!
Congratulations!!
May God Bless your family
congrats!
Congrats TC!
God Bless your new baby!
congratulations!!!
Congratulations!
it is a joyous occasion GodBless Him & the parents
@yesisaidheslazy 
You are blessed!  Great to hear....
mazel tov
Congrats Tom!
congratulations.
congrats to u both
Congratulations! God bless you, all.
Congratulations!
congratulations to you and Anna
Congrats @SenTomCotton !!!
good thing it's not a girl, bad time for that
Congratulations on you new little one! Enjoy everyday with him. God's blessings to you and yours!
congrats!! 
congratulations!!
God bless you!
Sir, congratulations to you and Mrs. Many more Blessings to you & Family.
Congratulations to you and your wife! Blessings on your family!
Congratulations to your family. God bless
Congratulations
Congraulations to all of you - best wishes, good health, and much joy today and always for your family.
Congratulations!!!!! 
Congratulations! God Bless!
Congratulations!
Congrats!
what's his name, weight, length ?
Congratulations!
mazel tov!

congratulations!
congratulations Ranger
Congratulations!
congratulations!!
Congratulations! 
