You know most salaried employees work 12 hours, five days a week, I think it'd be a better deal to be hourly in that situation
ummm.....I don't think you have any idea what you are talking about
Are you a salaried employee?
yes I am
Union guys get better deal because they are hourly, they stay, they get paid extra
well then you should tlk w/ employer about a raise
Not everyone can just go get another job. Employers switch people to salary to save money on OT.
and that is not illegal. A cmpny exist to make money, not coddle employees
amen
ARKANSAS, where after 40 hours you work for free the rest of the week.
Really...the middle class gets another blow
You proudly want to prohibit ppl from getting paid what they deserve for the amount of hours they've put in? That's just sick.
#OvertimeRule
To protect them from what?  Earning a living wage?
How about protecting Ark workers put on "salary" ($25k or less) so that employers can have them work 50 hrs/wk & no overtime.
so your protecting the American people from making a living wage for the hard work they do for a billion dollar corp? WTF
you gleefully take money away from workers to give to big business. You make me ill.
Irresponsible (pseudotransformational) leadership-look it up #FLSA #OvertimeRule #SlavesWork4Free
says the guy with a 400k salary. Go fuck yourself.
I am sure the people will be happy to work all those hours for free because their senator said so!
your statement is a complete lie. Must've been sitting right beside you in the closet
you are an asshole. Why the fuck you didn't get fragged is beyond me. People in Arkansas live like dogs on their knees.
Man, you went from zero to elitist trash kicking the working man in no time.  Trump get you a gold throne too?
Working people everywhere thank you for eliminating their OT pay.  Good work, Tom!
please come out of the closet and then maybe u won't be so angry and hurt the country.
being paid for working extra hours is not an anomaly to correct. It's justice
#OvertimeRule
Yea, that's what your doing, protecting the worker! Arkansans he's fu*king you again! Vote him in
S O C I O P A T H
The clues are there
So have the employers pay them hourly with OT instead of paying unfair salaried wages. #DoWeNeedUnionsAgain?
this rule would give more AR workers overtime, not LESS. Why would you mislead your public??
Shame on you for praising this action.  The hard working Arkansans will remember your indifference.
Your concept of "protecting" lower wage employees but allowing employers to require extra hours without pay. Really?
how's that KOCH money? How's that million dollar bribe? GOP has a war on the poor and you're proud of it. Shameful!
but you cannot claim to be helping the middle class and supporting such a move. How does that help your constituents?
What exactly are you protecting Arkansans from by repealing this law?
@Sanddragger Does anyone thing the gov should get between employer & employee in contract negotiations? If u agree U shouldWin
disgraceful! When is the last time you earned less than 47,000? I'm sure you like getting paid for the time you work
Median (middle) household income in Arkansas is around $40T. That means 1/2 are below & 1/2 are above. We want to move up.
We wouldn't want Arkansans to get to big for their britches by making a decent income, huh?
$47T is about $22 hr.  Someone making the equivalent of $22 hr. really makes $11 hr. when they work 80 hrs. with no OT pay.
this rule literally helps all the working class you swear you work for.
congratulations Senator Sponge on denying Working Arkansans overtime! Well done!
since when did your yearly pay have anything to do with being salaried???
Thank you Tom Cotton.  Support small business.
- NO would have FORCED employer 2 pay OT for all workers making less than, regardless of your title. We are not stupid. Lies.
kys
Abusive
Your constituents must be so proud that you're making many of them poorer, while you celebrate tax cuts for the rich.
In case it hasn't occurred to you, OT pay gets taxed & BENEFITS the state as well as the worker. Disposable income is $ spent.
and why you'd be boasting about the LOW median income of your state ... I got no idea, but congrats on your shame
Why don't you want people to earn overtime pay for overtime hours worked? @SenTomCotton
Right, make your support of this sound positive to the low information Arkansans that would have actually benefitted.
Liberals want to take the constitutional rights from the states! Wages ($47k) is much different in Arkansas than California.
Question: Do you make more than $47k? If yes, you're a big hypocrite.
I believe the minimum wage/salary should be made by each state. It cost much less to live in Arkansas than New York
#MakeAmericaPoorAgain! Just the way our corporate overlords wrote in our founding documents. All men are created exploitable.
Rich man cheers poor people getting cheated.
Block Obama from helping the working class, then court the working class vote by blaming Obama for economic insecurity

Nice.
Sir, I've always been a fan of yours but I don't agree with this decision. What's wrong with paying people what they deserve?
you are nothing short of an embarrassment. Who is lining you're pockets on the backs of the working class? #VoteYouOut
Netanyahu paid his vacation with American taxpayer money
Very disappointing that you again put D.C. politics ahead of hard-working Arkansans.
Dirtbag. You've sold out your constituents and now bragging. You don't deserve to be paid even what you're reducing them to.
glad you're not my Senator; can only hope Arkansans have enough sense to vote you out of office
Read Dickens much? I'm sure you would have "protected" Bob Cratchit similarly. #Resist
Shame on you for cheering this --it's cheating workers out of their rightful pay. Happy Thanksgiving, turkey.
thank you for protecting Arkansans from getting money they earned; they certainly deserve voting for you
oh yes how dare people earn a salary they deserve how dare they! You are nothing but a soulless mass!
What about workers who are disabled by their employers

Being salaried is awful at anything less. Some folks end up making less than minimum wage. Businesses short changing folks.
This entire statement is horseshit and you know it.
It saves Arkansas corporations money, which is all you care about. Ever.
You and your GOP colleagues have utter contempt for the working people you just bilked out of wages they rightfully earned.
this isn't for worker's it is for you and your corporate buddies to save money on employees. Shame on you. #specialplaceinhell
You're protecting people from earning money for the work they do?
how dare those ppl get the money they deserve. Maybe u shouldn't get a paycheck at all Tehran Tom.
Tehran Tom - love it!
You're bought and paid for. Owned. You have no soul. Traitor.
Senator Tom Cotton Received Nearly $1 Mil To Oppose Iran Deal - http://www.mintpressnews.com/senator-tom-cotton-received-nearly-1-mil-to-oppose-iran-deal/212632/ … why have a gop governor?
You are a Traitor. I don't know how you sleep at night.
