says make all of america like arkansas and date your daughter
@jca10c9 Not only does this charlatan speak for Americans, he's so arrogant as to speak for the rest of the world!
His Darkness gives me chills.
We USA) are in a world of hurt, and most of us do N-O-T have a clue!
Da' bubble done bursted!  @FoxNews @SenTomCotton
I doubt you or your followers will read it as the facts don't fit in with your agenda to spread lies.
PRE SCHOOL CHILDREN KNOW ITS LIE!!!
ABRAHAM LINCOLN FREED THE SLAVES (was) REPUBLICAN, CROOKED HILLARY IS A SLAVE MASTER A LIAR, THEY LIE
President Abraham Lincoln issued the Emancipation Proclamation on January 1, 1863, as the nation
We need leaders with a lot of common sense and guts to protect our nation.  I believe Tom Cotton has both!
it's now open season on US citizens abroad. We pay in cash or prisoners. Might as well attach a hallmark card.
@RooksLeAnne @SenTomCotton if it wattles, quacks n has feathers, it's a duck!!
In late 18th and early 19th century the US was paying tribute to Muslims along the northern cost of Africa.
Thank you for speaking up about this ransom deal. Please don't let it rest. Americans counting on you.
Sir with all do respect  just worry about cashing those checks from AIPAC & not doing your job voting on AUMF
The Muslims attacked trade ships capturing good and holding sailors for ransom. This led to the first Tripoli war.
you are truly an not sane person.
Maybe this will help you out Senator: http://www.iusct.net/General%20Documents/2-Claims%20Settlement%20Declaration.pdf …
Sir didn't your mother tell you if you can't say something TRUTHFUL-don't say anything at all
Like, they might start abducting 3 more Americans. At $100million a pop?
@rep_stevewomack @JohnBoozman Dog Whistles how about Zika or is it you prefer people with small brains..they vote GOP
Now in 2016 we are again paying tribute to Muslims who then believed their action justified because we are infidels!
https://twitter.com/thro_e/status/726443862282084352 …
It sounds like you are pushing the same anti-American message & harming USA. Words matter. Who's side are you on?
@ColMorrisDavis Col Davis nailed it! US may give U back some of your own money.
@FoxNews @SenTomCotton
and thanks for reinforcing that notion.......
it's ok if Reagan did it though?
obama still denying.
STOP TELLING LIES !! 1979 ARMS DEAL PAYMENT THAT NEVER OCCURRED MONEY PAID BUT NO GUNS ETC RECEIVED BY IRAN.
I believe it was a ransom payment also. We need Trump in the WH.
Iran was suspicious of Shahram Amiri in '08. Erratic behavior more to do w/his death than e-mail.  But hey, Benghazi.
Obama has put a bullseye & price tag on every American...
So does putting a mad man like Trump as the head of your party.
@realDonaldTrump why isn't this story in the news
@ABCPolitics why isn't the corrupt media discussing this story.
Tom's viewpoint is both logical and accurate.
No shit!  O'Bama waved the White Surrender Flag the day HE took office!
you politician's have no street smarts ...
what matters is what you, the Republicains and the media are putting out there LOOSE LIPS SINK SHIPS
Doesn't it actually mean we pay our bills and our word is good?
says go ahead and make  fu of handicapped....its the GOP way
I wouldn't trust treasonous tom or ANY GOP member. You are bums and need to be retired sooner rather than later.
Treasonous Tom Cotton doesn't know the truth if it kissed him on the lips.
ditto.
.@FoxNews @SenTomCotton Any elected Republican who believes that Trump is ready to be president doesn’t belong in office.
No longer matters. No one cares, sure it's big news story for a few cycles. Goes away then they do what they want.
ransom payment!
Dude do you read anything ? Anything ?
Has he personally talked to all those bad guys, and Tom lies all the time, can we trust him, I think not.
oh come on!
v
# Sorry thats how to get back workers +prof.,for leaving to die wronger !!!!!!
@crlegalfunding @SenTomCotton #NoDoubtAboutIt
@JJCarafano @SenTomCotton Duh. But electing Obama and Hillary is the most dangerous signal. It means the US is run by idiots.
GOP continues with their narrative, no matter if facts contradicts it. Republican blind puppies
SATAN OBAMA IS SUPPOSE MAKING DECISION AND WHAT SATAN DOES IS AN UNFIT UNWORTHY NO LEADER IN HISTORY! IT DOES MATTER
i think ur biggest agenda is serving Israel and hating Iran rather than serving your country. Correct me if I'm wrong
...What an idiot you people have elected! Typical tea party coat tail rider! Long on stupid speculation and short on intelligence!!
Amen Sen. Cotton!
it was already their money.
Obama and Hillary have recorrds of making bad decisions that could bring harm to Americans at home and abroad.
Thats right but @POTUS does not care, he made this mess and he is proud of it. @POTUS is the poorest excuse of a man
FAT LIE , TRAITOR TOM .
@MarvinEAdams @SenTomCotton Baseless, Fact free opinions bantered around like facts gave us Nominee Trump.
he's right
Stacks of cash on an unmarked plane dropped off. Hostages picked up. That's ransom.
So much for the party of "Law & Order". Cotton apparently thinks ignoring court mandates is a good idea.
@MariaBartiromo @SenTomCotton SENATOR YOU CAN BET obummer KNOWS EXACTLY WHAT HE IS DOING?
about how this whole political/corporate scam works.  this is propaganda that helps him get away with the scam.
Yes. That's why Obama did it
money and perks later on for cotton and the defense companies.  people are on to that game.  i could write a (cont)
need to point to enemies to keep the tax payer money rolling in for more defense spending which means more (cont)
cotton is the biggest shill for the defense industry out there.  i know his game.  the defense industry and him(cont)
GOP's inaction to Obama's flouting the law is more concerning
..100%cotton..is right
Senator Cotton, how did government officials, i.e. POTUS access that kind of cash?#VeryTroubling
What makes you think that USA is always the good guys, day dreaming.
only stupid people can lend an ear to Fox and the GOP. They're always opposing anything and everything.
it puts EVERY American overseas lives in danger we PAY ransoms in the middle of the night! #TrumpPence16
he's Right: if you have someone else's $$, keep it
Hillary on her health! Something's obviously wrong with this Droid model #
this was approved by congressional committees
Finally some common sense from one of our senators
They are the bad guys they can imagine whatever they want
Only people calling this ransom money are Republicants. Pathetic #falsepatriots
Obama's embarrassment one after another and Hillary wants to keep doing what Obama is doing, She needs to be stopped!
#Propaganda much?
Tom Cotton has repeatedly proven he doesn't deserve an opinion on ANYTHING.
Again all politics just like Benghazi an internet film. Could care less about the folks
what comes out of your mouth and Trump is dangerous!! Go take a rest bozo!!
& #POTUS didn't care, was warned. So blatant maybe thought ppl wouldn't notice. He's as bad as her!
it was their money stupid.
already seeing the invitation from Obama having an impact.
#KIDNAPPING: Two foreign university professors kidnapped this evening in #Kabul. One a US national and the other an Australian
@FoxNews @SenTomCotton
READ HIS LIPS  O B A M A.....RAPIST DEFENDER, LYING, TREASONIST HILLARY!!! HOW DO YOU LOOK IN THE MIRROR EACH DAY?
omg, of course we know it was a ransom, the hostages themselves have even told us...u better wake up people
cash to Iran was a payoff!
FOR SALE @GOP SENATOR @SenTomCotton
@FoxNews Sexual Harass Channels
Racist @realDolandTrump
@DrDavidDuke
@POLITICO
It doesn't matter what Cotton thinks; he's a Neo-con looking for another War.  Rude Newbie who oversteps Protocol!
• its politics man, wake up!
weird how you don't give any merit to anything else they have ever thought.
like what happened today in Kabul.professors1 American 1 Australian, kidnapped at gun point,that means mores w/cash
It's only dangerous for stupid people.
&THE MOREtheFREAKIN' MEDIAshootsTHEIR  MOUTHSoffSAYING ITtheMOREeveryTOMDICK&HARRYwannaB TERRORIST WILL BUY intoIT :P
they know how much American's are worth in the market place
Yeah and you idiots in the Republican party keep telling the world that it was a ransom payment. Future hostages on U
REPUBLICANS WANTS TO MAKE A BIG DEAL OF IT , THE PAYMENT WAS ANNOUNCED IN JANUARY ,  THEY ARE LYING TO USA PEOPLE
It was!
Sexual Harass
@SenTomCotton is One of the
Many Prostitutes for Sale
On Washington 
@CNN @POLITICO
What is Cotton doing for the state of Arkansas it is one of the poorest
in the union.
If it looks like a duck, quacks like a duck, and walks like a duck dadgumit, it's a DUCK. #forcryingoutloud
we need to bring back the "dadgummitt"
@MariaBartiromo @SenTomCotton tell your republican curmudgeons to stop pushing people towards the dems. Wake up !!!!
@MariaBartiromo @SenTomCotton Kidnapping Americans will happen due to what Iran perceives -- makes irrelevant Obama's explanation.
@SenateGOP We elect you to help the people & to right the wrongs of the current administration...we are aware.
Since when is it OK to ever give State sponsored terriers 400M? Even if it were there money?  Stupid!!!!
Refuse facts all you want. Won't change nothin
Sen. Cotton, what will you do about it??
This guy's talking sense! Why isn't he running for office?
He will be soon enough, I think.
So true
he didn't endorse Obama. He actually endorsed trump the other day, hahahaha
oops, I thought that was his tubby son. Who endorsed trump. LOL
people think it's a ransom payment because news outlets continued to peddle the falsehood. You are responsible.
This dipshit who sent the treasonous letter to Iran? Who cares what he thinks.
Bingo!
you forget about the weapons we gave them for our hostages in 1980? That happened.
This isn't Teddy we're working w/
Why Send Cash?  Why Not Check Or Money Transfer... Could It Be To Hide Their Tracks?  @cnn  @obama
Was all explained thoroughly. Why not listen?
Such a wise man Totally agree
Then why do you continue to help broadcast that message?
Exactly!
Another narrow minded fool.
