thank you! 
It would be nice to see the USA back on the right side of world affairs (not just re Israel)
Israel has broken international law too many times r/t settlement encroachments. The failure is with congress not supporting
wow, is your history screwed up!
how so?
you're showing your racist colors Israel is the only democracy,
well said
you don't want peace with out a two state solution with stop building the settlement you tell the world you want war
So a country shouldn't build on its own land?
how did Israel become a state with UN setting it boundaries in 1948 and telling everyone to leave WAR WAR NO PEACE
tide r/t ongoing distancing from 2 state solution had to be stopped! Obama did the right thing! Way overdue! We in US know so
bull
why do u disagree?
Israel made a garden out of a desert! Palestinians are represented in the Democratic government of Israel
Huh?...Palestinians have their own government.
there are a million Arab s that live in Israel, they vote & are represented in the democratic gov..
Settlements always have been illegal.  We give $4 billion in aid to Israel. Maybe u should get out of AIPAC's pocket.
Israel has compromised settlements in the past & were attacked by missiles, Palestinians want Israel annihilated only
Settlements are not a negotiation, they are illegal (btw, occupied people have a right to resist occupation).
Tom Cotton is a paid shill. Both Israel and the Weapons industry pay this cowardly traitor millions. u should be locked up,POS
get historical facts before espousing your foolish ideas....
As the Trumpinistas come marching in...

This should not come as a surprise. Remember how Obama made BiBi wait in some room while he (Obama) had lunch? And what good..
thank you Senator Cotton!!
.@SenTomCotton @davidpwil Wait till the Russians start settling on USA land. Then we'll see if you have balls or not.
Lmbo!!! You are delusional! Did you learn NOTHING from the electionS?!?!
O'Bama has provided more aid to Israel than any previous POTUS.  Your ignorance is dumbfounded!
yes to get votes, now his true colors come out with no consequences for his actions, so cowardly!!!
DO NOT speak 4 the Jewish people: we overwhelmingly voted 4 Obama & Clinton: we hate settlements & believe in 2-state solution
you are not Israeli, Palestinians leadership does not want two states, they want to annialate israel....
It needs courage to do the right thing and change America's one way view of Israel's Machiavellian. Acres occupied No return.
The ignorance of your worthless memo makes us wonder if you even read the statement made by Ambassador Powers on this vote.
You seem to forget some of Palestinians are Christians. President Obama has been more devoted to Israel than any president.
Obama doesn't like Christians either,many Palestinians choose israeli rule, they enjoy more freedom! It's the only democracy
you need to thank Drumpf for putting his fat mouth into this. We only got one president at a time.
yes one president, but usually the exiting president doesn't throw wrenches into the world with no consequences for him
Apparently You Did Not Listen To Samantha Power You Are Being A Partisan Troll /Obama Is A Great Friend To Israel/You Are Nuts
is that why he instigated this vote in secret,prior to his exiting & and doesn't have the courage to own up!!
#defundtheswamp @unsc
AGREED!  Obama IS a coward.
This is why this Obama Administration needs to go!
Sir, I implore you, to have action behind these words! We have an ally for Israel starting Jan. 20th...DO SOMETHING!
anti-Semitic Obama will never recoup from putting knife in Israels back !
Excellent Statement!
Senator, Why didn't AIPAC write this in Hebrew for you?
Yes sir. You have America's full support. @realDonaldTrump
go at him @realDonaldTrump don't let them do this
u statement proves u know nothing about the Palestinian/Israeli conflict, get ur conflict mgmt degree from #trumpuniversity
you're just another lunatic war hawk
my what an egotistical maniac
Right On!  Absolutely. Shame on you OBAMA
Can you clarify how you think the expanded settlements would affect the peace process?
Excellent!
should rethink this position, haven't u heard? @realDonaldTrump & Republicans new best friend, V. Putin supported resolution
This scumball
 @SenTomCotton 
Puts #Israel ahead of America.

We already give them $11 MILLION of our tax dollars every day.

Enough!
Which part is untrue?

We dictate our foreign policy not Netanyahu or Putin!
Stop the lies! Trump cozies up to the alt-right anti-semites and you call President Obama anti-Israel!?!
Neocon's (i.e.Cotton) have no desire for 2 state solution. Neocons want ramped up conflict because it increases conflict=war
Time for US to stop turning blind eye to Israel's law breaking r/t settlements. Time for Israel to soul search r/t peace
@SykesCharlie Which part of "it ain't their land to build on" don't you get?
When is someone going to write a statement condemning your failure as a human being? #sinverguenza
Thank you for your leadership on this.
May God bless you and your family. You are patriot and God fearing man. Merry Christmas
Tom Cotton, the King of meaningless vitriolic drivel.
Not to worry, Your Republican Senate, DJT and Vladimir Putin can sort it all out next year, right comrade?
you hate President Obama do something for our state instead of lying about President
I loved Obama,extremely disappointed in his cowardly behavior behind the scenes stabbing Israel in the back!! Unprecedented
@tbhogs Foreign Policy really isn't your strength. So how bout you go back and read Government 101
@SykesCharlie Please, follow up on ur threat & cut all funds 2 the UNITED & members of the Security Council!
and all that money @Potus gave Israel ??
that's a lie President Obama tried to give aid racist bigot gop obstruct what about drumpf ignorant tweets
ignorant tweets don't cause wars Obama is is trying to start wars and then Will blame Trump
your comment is baloney. Try stating the facts next time.
thanks for speaking up Sen. Cotton
get the #UN out of the #US and the US out of the UN. It is a corrupt and impotent institution. Giant waste of money & energy.
@SykesCharlie PEOTUS has been hinting at a nuclear arms race, perhaps you can comment on that issue as forcefully.
... Crickets...
Luv ya, but we need "deeds not words", now!
@SykesCharlie exactly how much time did you waste on that?
Obama is a disgrace. We should stop giving money to the UN. Hit them where it hurts.
Stop funding them!  Statements do nothing.
we need to stop funding the UN! They are unworthy of the stage!
