@SenTomCotton
are more Americans killed by terrorism than non terrorist gun homicides? What about gun suicides? Accidental gun deaths?
Actually, the most pressing threat is Senators who answer to the NRA and ignore the will of the people.
.@SenTomCotton .@instapundit Its close, but largest threat to America is today's Democrat Party. Makes threat from terrorists more dangerous
@instapundit The threat is the State.  It manages and controls the narrative in the pursuit of its own interest.
.@SenTomCotton but you voted against the Feinstein amendment?
I WAS JJST THINKING THAT
Wonder if you would feel that way, if you hadn't received all that money from the #NRA #Arkansas #judas
@mdjacksondallas @SenTomCotton I wonder how it feels to be bought? No integrity? No self-respect? Mirrorless houses?
Especially when it comes to innocent children being cut down?
To him they are collateral damage. He's a dirtbag.
or people like you who deny competent Americans like #Cassandrabutts the opportunity to serve out of spite.
and 1+1=?  Insensitive pig!!
Would you be willing to sit in a room with the 49 families of those murdered in #Orlando and tell them that?
and the senators who allow them to get guns
@BeladonnaRogers and yet GOP being way too quite about addressing.Letting Obama set agenda.
actually the most pressing threat is our senate and congress unwilling to do their jobs and allowing NRA run their votes
You should know! Your are an NRA puppet! Look at you dance! Dance, stooge, dance!!
and you made it so more terrorist could buy guns.  You took money from NRA and pissed on Arkansas
It made me really sad to see that you chose not to vote to close gaping loopholes. I will not be voting for you again.
Thank you for standing up for our Constitution and our Second Amendment rights, laws don't affect people who don't obey them.
except Australia hasn't had a mass shooting since gun laws were introduced. But who cares about facts right?
So the Muslim terrorists who shot up the mall a year or two ago wasn't a mass shooting?
Mass shooting by mass Muslims!
More restrictive "gun" laws did not save 150 Parisians.
@instapundit And Tehran Tom wants us to know they hve> that for sale sign  for terrorist with no limits.#NRA message Apprvd¿
#NoBillNoBreak #NoFlyNoBuy #universalbackgroundcheck
@Txwench and liberals who are trying to take them away from honest Americans
No sir, it's people like you who take death money from theNRA!
Actually most pressing threat against Americans is the two political parties who are trying to destroy our economy.
how much soap and water does it take to wash all that blood off your hands?
@instapundit And if terrorists can not get guns they will use anything from a knife to a bomb because they are terrorists.
May the 26 slaughtered at Sandy Hook and 49 in Orlando haunt your dreams and weigh on your conscience every minute of the day
so exactly what is wrong with background checks, waiting periods, eliminating loop holes for gun shows and Internet sales?
@eyeluv2laff I think it's people like the gangstas in Chicago..ijs
It's unfortunate that you're not up for reelection in 2016.  You won't feel your Karma until later.
so where's your bills, where's you're measures?
Then, um, stop selling them guns? Idiot
IsThe problemThe #UseOfGuns or the #PaymentOfNRABribes thatResultIn #SenateEnabled #EasyAccess2Guns?
and yet you had the ability to stop people on a terror watch list acquiring guns and you didn't take it. Worthless
How. Dare. You. Seriously. How dare you? This is ignorance. Not okay. Not okay at all.
sorry but that's a total bullshit all or nothing misnomer. Read up. Study up. Take a look at the data rather than counting $$
NRA puppet
can't do your job? No problem, voters can make sure you don't have one. Thoughts and prayers go out to that job search.
he has four more till reelection
common theme is guns. But hey, as long as YOUR family is safe #amiright?
would appreciate some conversation. Why are you opposed to sensible restriction?
you just voted to keep letting terrorists buy guns in the country you're supposed to be serving. Coward.
Yet Republicans just voted AGAIN to let terrorists GET GUNS. Wow. What geniuses you are. Pfft.
@joannesmoot Biggest threat actually may be elected officials like Tom Cotton.
thank you for defending the #SecondAmendment Senator Cotton. You're a True American Hero.
The 2nd amendment doesn't say "the law of the land will be any lunatic may get their hands on a gun any time".
Thoughts and prayers go out to you for your job come November.
so what you're saying is that disallowing known/potential terrorists from acquiring guns would be a good thing?
disgusting. If you lost someone to gun violence, you'd change your pathetic one sided mind.
yet you and the rest of the senate couldn't pass anything. Thanks for nothing you clown.
surely not by any rational metric.
you earned your NRA PAYCHECK today- disgusting .  Who pays more them or Israel?
@gailtalk nope, it's Democrats
@SenTomCotton
so wouldn't it be prudent to make laws that make it harder for terrorists to get guns in this country!?! #obviously #enough
With this one tweet from you Senator, you did work for the NRA and the military industrial complex. You are a loyal employee.
Criminals don't buy new guns they buy illegally. The exception was the #Orlando shooter that had security creds. @SenTomCotton @T64Pamela
No sir-the biggest threat to america is a republican party in the pocket of the NRA.we will not forget your vote
i am disgusted with your vote. All of my friends, family, and coworkers that called and emailed will #RememberInNovember
why is #America so afraid to address #GunControl in this country?
Right now I feel like you and your money grubbing ways are the pressing threat.
Sad that you have been paid off by the NRA!
yet you just voted to make sure terrorists CAN buy guns. You're embarrassing.
I agree, but you voted against background searches that prevent suspected terrorists from legally purchasing weapons.
I have an idea. Why don't you get off your knees to the NRA and listen to your constituents for once.
or do we need to raise $1.9million for our voices to be heard?
what planet you tweeting from? does nasa know it has wifi?
It's actually lawmakers who use terrorists who use guns.
Shukraan.
you're evil. Pure evil.
or perhaps the only numbers that matter to you are the ones from the @NRA into your bank account?
especially when gun violence has killed more people in the US than terrorists. Guns are a larger threat just by pure numbers
regulating guns and fighting terrorism are not mutually exclusive. Both approaches can work in parallel to protect us.
so why wouldn't you approve legislation blocking suspected terrorists from obtaining those guns?
Wow, the NRA sure got what they paid for with you. Delete your account.
This sounds absurd. When are you going to stand against this? When did you lose sight of what's right? How many have to die?
No. It seems to be lawmakers such as yourself.
You only have time for the largest and most pressing threats?
Thanks for helping them, Senator.
@SenTomCotton
@SenTomCotton
You should be ashamed.
Americans that use guns kill way more than terrorist that use guns.
yeah, so let's stop the terrorists from getting those guns. How thick skulled are you people?
so don't extend the 2nd amendment rights to terrorists like you just inherently voted for! You are un-American!
GET AIDS AND DIE !!!!!!
372 mass shootings in US in 2015, killing 475 ppl. From 2004-2014, 303 Americans killed by terrorists worldwide. Come on.
Wrong! Not every shooter was a terrorist!!! Get the assault rifles off the streets!!!
and since you can't figure out who is a terrorist until they commit an act, you'll continue to have #Bloodstained hands
#nrawhore much?
Close. The largest and most pressing threat against Americans is leaders who refuse to take simple steps to solve gun violence
@HeyTammyBruce FIFY: [Omitted] terrorists. #[Omitted]Akbar
Not surprised. Outraged, but not surprised. When the time comes you will be voted out. All of you. #WeAreOrlando
You are the worst.
.@SenTomCotton you realize that preventing terrorists from getting guns is *kind* of important if you want to stop terrorism, right?

The @NRA pay rates differ.  @SenTomCotton has earned $18,929.94 per mass shooting death since he's been in office.
@danteshepherd @NRA what a sick way to make money while feigning patriotism #Bloodstained #gop
#Enough
And most gun violence in the U.S. is not committed by terrorists, so how do you explain that you bought-&-paid-for idiot!?
No, it's traitors that try to negotiate separately from the Executive Branch. #LyingTraitor
Terrorists with guns aren't 1/100th the threat to Arkansans, much less Americans, as the policies you advocate. Buffoon.
what about all the non terrorists who use guns?
The largest threat is Donald Trump or Tom Cotton with the keys to the Nukes...
the largest threat to America is that people like you are allowed to lead and dictate US policy for generations to come. (C)
and you won't budge to find an honest solution, just because you bend down to your NRA donor overlords. But I guess that (c)
pleasing your party and donors, trump finding a solution to a problem that ends thousands of lives every year. It. Must. Stop.
that sentiment is not at all influenced by the almost 2 MILLION you have received from the NRA. You are a disgrace.
terrorists that you happily enable. Get off the NRA payroll.
Awesome. Can we please keep guns out of their hands, then?
our lives don't matter to republicans
Well.. most are done by Americans. So what do you plan to do about it? Oh that's right.. absolutely nothing. #Traitor
Ridiculous.
and senators like you.
@stacyhyatt true that
COWARD. COWARD. COWARD.  When a suspected terrorist buys a gun and murders Americans at home, the blood will be on your hands.
Sorry, that last article I tweeted is almost a year old. Let me get you something more recent. http://www.politifact.com/florida/article/2016/jun/12/7-things-know-about-guns-and-gun-violence-after-or/ …
wrong, it's mentally unfit people with guns
.@takingitall2000 Nice job of parroting debunked right-wing propaganda.  .@mikeip .@SenTomCotton
No, no, I'm actually gonna have to disagree with you on that http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2015/oct/05/viral-image/fact-checking-comparison-gun-deaths-and-terrorism-/ …
@PolitiFact ABSOLUTELY TRUE
@SenTomCotton
@HeyTammyBruce THANK YOU Tom!!
@heytammybruce .. it's our government.then terrorists.
Thank you for protecting the #2A and the Constitution today. Gun control overreaction is exactly what the enemy wants us to do
once again you choose money and the NRA over the people, the people have had enough, watch what happens in Nov.
@RobProvince Actually, no, it's criminals (mostly gang members and abusive partners) who use guns.
@HeyTammyBruce As a fellow veteran, thanks for everything you do.  Meh, Tammy's cool peeps too.  
I am embarrassed that you represent the state of Arkansas.  It is absolutely pathetic that you value guns over human lives.
yes thank you.  Tell it like it is
this vote doesn't have anything related to your legislation to expand VA burial options, does it?
Pathetic.  If all mass shootings were done by foreigners, I'd agree. But we both know that's not true. Enjoy that paycheck
solution kill all terrorists, Homegrown terrorists attack America traitors  declare war and we must deal with immigration.
Or politicians who have their head in the sand about Islamic terrorism.
.@SenTomCotton so maybe vote differently next time
And terrorists who easily obtain assault weapons!
This is probably the dumbest thing you've ever tweeted.
