how about you relieve us from the maniac at the Whitehouse, spending millions of our tax $ playing golf weekly
you mean Obama yea he's gone you are free to go back under your rock
you mean making sure Americans lose the preexisting conditions clause in their medical insurance .
already a bill filed that would keep pre-existing conditions.
, 2 republicans in the house are hardly capable of inciting all republicans to keep the clause.
then what is your plan??? "Nothing" is not acceptable.
And I believe you got served in your town hall for doing so.
I don't want anything less than what congress receives.  Husband's employer insurance deductible is 5500. Yours?
going to unburden them of their insurance without a replacement plan? Maybe we can get the same coverage you have
Speaking of burdens, you guys had 5 yrs to come up with something better, but all you do is complain and do SQAT!
My insurance premiums have increased 75% since ACA, I sure people who are subsidized love it, I hate it!
nice to be told what horrible people we are cuz we want decent/affordable insur., isn't it?
I want affordable health care as well, and that's not Obama care.
And then you agreed that it helps Arkansans. Your constituents. Why are you taking it away again?
NO ACA REPEAL
nothing is wrong with ACA. Work on Trump and his Russian buddies
We need to keep Obamacare and just fix the problems with it. The Republican-proposed alternative is abominable!
It wasn't a burden. It was great to finally get health insurance despite preexisting conditions.
If anything it's to RETAIN #Obamacare and IMPROVE THE LAW!
My family is insured by the ACA, & I am grateful for it. I DO NOT want repeal without a viable replacement.
giving more people health insurance than ever before is a burden? Did you learn anything from your town hall?
why don't you unburden us of the concern that 45 is under the Russians thumb. #resist
Senator, please share with us the extent of coverage, and the source, of your own personal health insurance .
Tom, the idiot no nothing Traitor.
Did you LEARN ANYTHING from your town halls today?!?...
Before #ACA many of us had no #insurance. Huge relief when we did get it. Horrible burden if you take it away. 
awww well I personally don't think I should have to pay for yours mine is expensive enugh thanks
because if more people die, that's more social security that will never be paid out
is it a burden bc it's "Obama"care? It isn't perfect, but it's saving lives and allowing Americans access 2 care!
it's a burden cuz many can't afford premiums anymore.  Not everyone gets subsidies.
Why should taxpayers pay for your and your  family's healthcare when you would vote to take ours away?
give up YOUR healthcare!! YOU are a BURDEN!!
you mean " relieve" them of their life-saving coverage? How's your health insurance?
Yeah, like having healthcare.
Can take mine $2200 a month one provider $7000 deductible sir here in AZ
Blame Repugs, they sandbagged Obamacare from day one. All the whining & lawsuits limited enrollment leading to  incr premiums.
They both screwed it up.. one rushed it the other sat on thier hands
Obamacare would have worked just fine without the hate Repukes grinned up. They knew limiting enrollment would drive costs up.
They should be charged with murder.
going to unburden us of mental health care, preexisting clause? #resist
If Americans have to rely on GOP to live, this country may well resort back to slavery.  Is that the intent??!!
Thank you!   Please don't forget about those of us who can't afford health insurance anymore!
Don't fall for the twitter bots. Repeal every word. While you're at it call @AsaHutchinson & explain it to him
and replace it with #DeathPanels repeal and you don't have a replacement? Renounce YOUR life time tax payer ins.
Relieve American Citizens of middle east refugees.
TownHall dodging @sentomcotton joins @JohnBoozman n asking that YOUR healthcare gets taken away but they keep theirs
I joined @JohnBoozman in asking the administration to relieve Americans of Obamacare burdens. More: http://ow.ly/OIxr3092lUA 
Folks @SenTomCotton and @JohnBoozman salary rang around $174,000 a year, they get GOVERNMENT PAID HEALTHCARE but don't want you to have it.
The nerve of Republicans like @SenTomCotton and @JohnBoozman trying to convince you it's okay for them to take away your healthcare.
Why do Republicans like @SenTomCotton and @JohnBoozman think they are the ones only deserving of affordable healthcare!?!
Will Republicans like @SenTomCotton and @JohnBoozman pay are medical bills when we get sick, since they don't want us to have healthcare?!
Voters need people in congress who want their constituents to have affordable healthcare not Republicans like @SenTomCotton and @JohnBoozman
"relieve"??? What the heck do you mean? How will you get health insurance back to those that you repeal? SAD!
The burden to AR is getting the ones whose salary we pay to listen. #OpenEarsCloseMouth We're NOT paid agitators
also it would be nice if you joined @JohnBoozman for a #TownHall in Central Arkansas.
You boys have it all wrong @SenTomCotton @JohnBoozman #Obamacare is saving lives and we want it improved not scrapped
you are going to INCREASE burdens on Americans when you take away their health insurance, pre-existing conditions
and lifetime cap coverage. why don't you people EVER listen to your constituents? stop playing politics & help!
The people do not want to lose ACA. When are you meeting with constituents? Are you Chicken?
AK would be better served if they relieved themselves of you and the Rs in congress. Do your damn job!
Appreciate your comment, but Arkansas is "AR".
"Burdens"??? Such as insurance? Healthcare?? 
what's the replacement? You mean a cancer patient having insurance is a burden? Huh. #confused
what is your plan to provide the 300,000 arkansans on the ACA with affordable healthcare
what about those 22 million on  the ACA, gonna jerk the rug from under thier feet. It must be working for them
Neither of you represent the wishes of your constituents. We need healthcare through the ACA. Maybe listen.
What if a majority of AMERICAN citizens do not agree with you? ACA is not a burden, tommy. @ARGOP #arleg #arpx
no relief thank you keep ACA You Repubs will never be able to change it for the better!  You'll see.
your state does not want it appealed i will be voting differently thanks to you. #failures
20 million more of our fellow Americans now have health insurance because of Obamacare. Some "burden."
@IncognitoPatrio @JohnBoozman Senator I'm A Navy Veteran and I love the way you are handling the Dems Stand your ground
I am USN vet, 2. Cotton only serves Russia's road map for Russian America. Wake up!
I am grateful my son and I have healthcare under the ACA. It has lifted our burdens.
are you also going to vote to relieve us of using tax money to pay for your insurance?
"Clown Show" Relieve your rich friends of burden to help pay for poor in your state! Poor folks need A New Friend
We are waiting to hear ya'll's plan.... #iwontholdmybreath #peopleoverparty #stepuporstepout
And what is your big plan, repeal ACA and leave us out in the cold giving billionaires a big tax break?
AR has a lot of poor people. Will they be covered? ACA saved many. What about single payer?
How about you come up with a replacement plan first? Insurance companies finance your campaign?
ACA burdens? What if ACA is all they have? Insurance premiums are not going down. Poor just have to die?
Unless you have a replacement that is better your constituents don't want you touching the ACA.
300,000 Arkansas need that insurance but we don't need you nearly so much!
what burdens?
No thank you, I'm fine with the Affordable Care Act.
Can't wait to hear your replacement plan. Bc I know you'd never leave 250,000 Arkansans with nothing.
let me translate this: you want to relieve Americans of affordable healthcare. Say that instead.
Health savings accounts are not medical insurance!!!  From Searcy
In what ways will you insure ALL Americans have access to healthcare, no refusal for pre-ex. conditions etc.?
you have constituents...
Most still don't know ObamaCare = Affordable Care Act. AR needs universal healthcare.
The unbearable whiteness of Cotton serving the elites, filling pockets and being a miserable white nationalist
Well said, sir! 
as an Arkansan the ACA and medicare exp have been a GOOD thing. Universal would be better. More coverage not less
hey #RacistGOP calling the #ACA #Obamacare is racist #af , but u know it b/c u r only elected via #racism @gop
Why don't you spend time working on lowering the high cost of health care and pharmaceuticals?
Relieving people of health insurance. How sweet of you
you know you're AR republicans don't actually want it repealed, don't you?
Based  on your letter of misinformation, I can see that none of you truly understand what is in ACA.
@SpeakerRyan Ryancare: You Can Pay More for Less! https://nyti.ms/2lxw5lo 
Appreciate you guys! Now please help Gorsuch.
Yep, right on Putin's plan for a Russian America. Traitors!
"relieve Americans of the burdens" please explain with specific examples. Where are the infomercials about this?
Oh, and where is your Town Hall?
I can't wait until voters relieves you both of your jobs.  You're both bad for arkansas,  bad for America.
So when you pull the rug out from under us - y'all payin' for my family's broken ankles?
get rid of the mandatory requirement to have medical insurance. No penalties please.
People of a free and Democratic country will be relieve you of the burden of a job u can't do
.@SenTomCotton & @JohnBoozman hope to increase America's lead.
#tcot #maga
What's this chart for? Showing how much more we paying for healthcare?

thank you for continuing to keep this a priority; don't let anyone forget this is of urgent importance #MAGA
you mean relieve financial assistance for poor people so they can keep paying for the gold tower in NY.
Says the one who wants his FEHB government healthcare plan back. TownHall?Let's discuss. @SenateGOP @SenateDems
Why? Why didn't you ask corporations and insurance companies to relieve the burdens?
oh please relieve 344000 ARkansans of healthcare!
you mean reducing the huge premiums unfairly caused by partisan state officials? Yeah, deal with them, please.
Burdens like actually being able to get healthcare that doesn't lead them into bankruptcy? You lie.
OBAMA started this crappy OBAMA Care not Cotton
Now we can call it Trumpcare when there is ZERO health insurance.
There is no burden. Stop putting out statements without context. Unless you are purposely misleading people.
Thank you!
 @JohnBoozman
Why the hell do you think we need relief from the ACA?? I have insurance for the first time!
U could pay 4 mine & my family's healthcare til we all die with 1 trip 45 takes 2 Mari Lago!! #don'tmesswithmyACA
NO cost to FL he owns it and Doesn't take a salary Remember I don't think he's spent 400k on GOLF
Do you have a replacement yet after 6 years? No? Why so unprepared?
 @SenTomCotton @JohnBoozman after repealing ACA 60 times you have nothing?
you want to relieve 20 million Americans of their Healthcare. You are a burden on our country
#RepealandReplace now! Congress needs to stop messing around & get it done! @GOP
I call on Arkansas voters to relieve Americans from the burden of Tom Cotton.  Vote him out!!
absolutely
Let's get rid of you as a burden first.
You mean health insurance? Yeah, who needs that! Pfft.
