Glad we have an intelligent representation of the voters of AR there sifting thru all the liberal BS. Stand your ground! We are proud of you
Please pay closer attention to what's going on, mam. If you are a #patriot you will regret backing DT, TC. this is not about party. #SAVEUSA
I think you are delusional & paying to much attention to the MSM. I am an American! I VOTED!  I care not what you think.
So proud of the way you handled yourself and these questions.
nice try throwing shade for Donald.  It didn't work.  Questions were nothing but talking points.  Hope that dinner and payoff was worth it
Yes, the way Tom acts you'd swear he enjoyed piss too.
Not that there's anything wrong with piss if that's your thing. It's better than treason or killing people by taking healthcare.
Thank you for your efforts to bring this to the fore and end it
Who do YOU work for @SenTomCotton ?  Do you work for the PEOPLE or Mr Trump?  I think you should ask yourself that & get back with us..
YOU are a coward.
Former FBI Director Comey: "There should be no fuzz on this whatsoever. The Russians interfered in our election."

Tom, did you hear that?!?
Tom doesn't hear anything
So obvious Cotton is in Trumps pocket.
Giving you half a merit for knowing better than to use your SouthernBully tactics on Comey. He's smarter than you'll ever be.
Trump was right Comey is a nut case
Just once I'd like to see you do your damn job! Thanks!
How was dinner with Trump? You guys don't even try to hide your conflicts of interest.
A free well done steak and some ketchup and you're doubling down on the Hindenburg?
Seantor Cotton you did Awesome!
Appears 2 have been a ton of innuendo's by Comey different stands 4 Clinton Rice Lynch Obama than 4 Trump who he apparently dislikes
It sounds like Comey, became a Democrate, part of Deep State against Trump or scared to be put on DEM MAFIA HIT LIST
Or, Comey is a #patriot protecting our country #USA, #constitution. FYI, there is no hit list. What insanity is that! Pls. stop the lies.
So the Former Head of FBI Comey, Leaked information to Media? Comey leaked what he wanted out &covered up Clinton info.His feelings hurt?
You and I are both vets. The difference is that I didn't take my oath of enlistment as a mere suggestion.
could you please ask the weasel comey why he felt it necessary to cover up hillary's conenctions to russia and then fabricate trumps?
You kissed the trump ring last night at dinner......didnt you??
We need an independent non partisan commission to investigate the collusion Trump/Russia 
Watched it. Now you have obstruction of justice to along with violations of the Emoluments Clause. When will you start being Americans?
Great job today! Fast and professional.
We watched you try to chip away at a rock solid attack against our country. If Russia had lobbed bombs at us would you have tried to chip?
Why's nobody asking if brother Peter Comey's connection to the Clinton & Clinton Foundation constitute a conflict of interest?
So much for non partisan questions from gop!
Would love to hear Trumps sides of this. From him. Remove the  GOP traitor  mouth piece and let the child speak for himself
Cotton: Do you believe Trump colluded with Russia?

Comey: That's something I shouldn't answer in an open setting.  

Great job Tom!
I hoped u would b an honorable Sen.U've shown 2 b huge disappointment,U should b ashamed.Ur a veteran who is now choosing Party over Country
Stupid questions during hearing. Definite bond either Trump. Trump did bad why did you not resign?
Why don't YOU resign?Never heard of a police officer resigning for reporting or witnessing a crime.Are you that daft? Trump bying U dinner?
Wow! You're the worst. Trying to make Trump look good, but failing big league.
Your transparent attack on a free press, critical to our nation, is reprehensible.  Comey smarter than Cotton.  #Arpx
Disappointing. Your line of questioning was not objective fact finding.  You came across as rude and having an agenda.  I am a constituent.
Interesting nvr took notes on lies by Rice Hillary Lynch Obama Holder yet worried abt DT lying based on assumption not facts he is an Atty??
you could have showed more bipartisanship when asking ?s, learn to step across the aisle once in a while
Were your 2004 questions spoon fed to you by Trump at dinner? Don't believe Trump is astute enough to consider it but sure his council is!
How long did you spend coming up with your questions? Did you get two scoops of ice cream?
Trump Told Russians That Firing ‘Nut Job’ Comey Eased Pressure From Investigation
Dude! You had dinner with @POTUS last night? Seriously? I can't be more ashamed of you than I am at this moment! #comeyHearings #Complicit
#Complicit
You are a hack. It was obvious!
You asked nothing of use.  Horrible!
COMEY is a Good and honest men.
Trump is a liar, manipulative, disrespectful, dishonest, disgusting.,
Evil, sick. Trump make fun of disabel
You're trump lapdog complicit you are going down wrong side of history
Didn't rise to level of 2004 UNTIL HE WAS FIRED. Why hard to grasp?
How was the chocolate cake, sir? #Complicit 
Why do you think Comey's 2004 actions had anything to do with the Trump/Russia conversation? #irrelevant  #distractandbaffle
Can you be serious! You are not fit to purchase Comey's toilet paper. You tin soldier. Pencil neck geek
Awesome questions. Comey was stunned when he was fired by Trump. He underestimated Trump. Comey is not CAPABLE enough to earn Trump's trust.
#Comey to Sen Cotton: "PRESIDENT DID NOT ORDER ME TO LET FLYNN PROBE GO!"

(not,never,didn't happen, not ever- anymore words 2 help u DEMS?)
AMRCAN 1st ! @POLITICO @WaPoSean @maggieNYT DONT ASK @HillaryClinton qstn stup. ancient history questions.omg  Harrisgoing now. AMRCAN 1ST!!
What stupid questions you asked. What a waste of time. Your rude behavior is so typical of the GOP let's make you the poster child
How are you such a tool?
As one of Trump's homonculi, are you given your talking points as a group, or individually?
Poor Tom. Comey just wouldn't give you the nugget you needed,would he? Sorry, Bigly.Comeys integrity is showing.
After hearing, can't wait to see your next town hall meeting!
Plans made at dinner w/ @realDonaldTrump not pan out? Hopefully AK will vote for positive change in '20. #WeWontForget
you're more loyal to your party than to America.
Mr Cotton, it really seemed like you were asking questions to clear Trump, and make him look good, and not to get the real facts for public
Now you're asking him about 2004? Well I can tell you have no desire for the truth. Trump/party over country as usual. When's your term up?
Congrats on officially becoming part of the trump #LoyaltyClub
WOW! what a waste of time you are. YOU DO NOTHING for our country.
what the hell was that
You made a fool of yourself with your questions of Comey.  It's amazing public has to provide you pay to ask the same questions as cllgs
SHAME ON YOU
I'm watching & it appears you're trying to get Flynn off the hook. What in thee hell are you doing???
Cotton: "On Feb 14, @nytimes published story 'Trump aides had repeated contact w/ Russian intelligence,' IS THAT STORY WRONG?
Comey- "YES!"
ANOTHER TRUMP PUPPET RESIGN
 How was dinner with Trump, traitor?!? 
It must have been a good dinner you are working hard for your dinner
I hope Trump was worth losing your seats @SenatorBurr @marcorubio Trump's at 37 percent approval ratings. But you keep going down with him
How was your private dinner with Trump ahead of this testimony?
"Loyalty Pledge" ? #trumprussia #comeyday
Are you hearing him Tom? Without any question of a doubt Russia interfered. Start putting country first. Trump is a disgrace!
Oh, we're watching. And we see you attempting to lead Comey into seeming to say Trump is innocent. He isn't, nor are you.
#impeachTrump
You're not even asking quality questions. You're wasting time.
How rude you are.
Watching you pitifully spinning on behalf of Trump
Ask him if any OTHER countries interfere in our elections ?
Your attempt at coming off as a badass is right up there with Senator Susan Collins and little Marco. Btw, you say, "Memos" like a hick. 
#Comey contradicted his testimony about ever being alone in a meeting with a president.  Which is it?
#ImpeachTrump #traitorTrump #PutinsPuppet
Please somebody ask him why on May 2nd he said NOBODY has ever tried to influence an investigation 4 political reasons!!! Come on Repubs!
Quoting Henry II, Comey on how he took Trump’s request to drop Flynn: 'Who will rid me of this meddlesome priest?'
America is watching.  #ImpeachTrumpNOW
We all know where ur loyalty stands & it's not with what's right, the truth, or what's best for America/Arkansas!
More shameful self promotion.
Senator Cotton,, hurry, we need you to ask real questions, some with backbone
It's frustrating, it's like the Dems are trying to help Comey rewrite History
DonJr is doing daddy's tweeting during the hearing - or, is it trump with jr's phone? ASK that question 
I'm sure Trump coached you well. You are a traitor to this country.
Ask "Since you still feel reporting the FBI continuing to investigate Clinton proper, why not report the Trump investigation as well?"
Watching
I'm watching to see how much harm you are going to do with the AHCA that you are conducting behind closed doors. @TopherSpiro @ASlavitt
@jamescomey is disgruntled fired emp & playing partisan "pity" party
Shows bias against Pres w/uncomfortable "feelings"
Cotton: Do you believe Trump colluded with Russia?

Comey: That's something I shouldn't answer in an open setting
"I was concerned he might lie about the nature of our meeting."-Comey on WHY he took notes abt his Trump meetings.
We are WATCHING !!!
I am watching.  Thus far, questioning seems civil and fact finding.  I hope you will follow that lead in your questioning.
Cotton: Do you believe Trump colluded with Russia?

Comey: That's something I shouldn't answer in an open setting
How was dinner the other night with @realDonaldTrump ?  Did he give you questions to ask today?  Never mind, the question is rhetorical
Ask him if he has the memos from his meetings with Loretta Lynch about Hillary's private, covert email server with classified info on it.
Oh, we're watching, Senator.
Why watch if #republicans are going to roll over once again...and again...and again?   I stand firmly with #PresidentTrump .
How was your dinner with 45. Did he claim your soul...?
The highest rated show today!
Looking forward to your line of questioning with great interest.
