stop defending this. America doesn't discriminate against religion. For once, stand up for what's right or be replaced-2018.
Sadly we gotta wait til 2020 for that. But yeah. Gives us time to prepare.
oh yuck I forgot he was just re-elected.
The Immigration and Naturalization Act of 1965 makes the bans ILLEGAL. Learn the law, because you just embarrassed yourself.
If a terror attack claimed the life of your loved one, would you recognize the threat refugees posed?
likely to be a white radical than a refugee to commit it, so he probably will have trouble acknowledging that
His daughter (if he has one) is more likely to be sexually assaulted by a refugee. Just look at Sweden
I did, it's not USA, where threat from a white supremacist is more likely but thanks for suggestion
Fucking deluaional. Good thing you're the minority. 66% of the population supports the immigration ban.
doesn't make it right, world history has already proved that 
What is right is subjective. The good news is that most ppl havent fallen for this liberal propaganda
not serving your constituents.
The #TeaParty was all about the #constitution when it was #Obama. I guess with @realDonaldTrump not so much. #GOPFAIL
Trump's EO is a slap in the face to all who perform the vetting processes, we know more of them than we do of @POTUS
SAD!
could you post these as videos? It would be alot easier to consume than reading a statement, plus more personal.
You're on the wrong side of history on this one.
You clearly didn't read the decision. Only in Arkansas would you be so empowered to speak such nonsense to grown ups.
@hectormorenco well said Sen. Thank you for supporting the Constitution
you are embarrassing to the state of Arkansas. Hope you get voted out at re-election time.
We are not surprised by the ruling or you.  But even you should see though that it isn't clearly legal.
He sees. His payola doesn't care.
Yep, and his vote didn't event cost her much.
@RNcat50
Citizen rights? Give them citizen responsibilities. Draft them in2 the army & post them in their homeland
If you are serious about upholding the constitution-you have majority-bring the 9th to HEEL-IMPEACH THE JUDGES.
One Carter appointee, one Obama, one Bush 2, your joking right
Never give up! Thank You Senator Cotton.
I'm embarrassed you're from my home state
Same here.
You're an absolute embarrassment to @Harvard_law. Easily on par with @SenTedCruz which is saying something.
Shows that a Harvard Law School education doesn't guarantee that people are open minded respectful
hey tommy... your facts r wrong. The 9th is not the most overturned circuit. it's the 6th! #gop & the opinion hits a homer run
What does he care? He already knows how to vote. Nothing to do with his constituents; he's pointed due $$$$$
EXCEPT, #Iran is in no way "war-torn"... there has not been a war in Iran since 1988. Get your #history straight first.
And when the President decides that security requires Martial Law or registration lists for all Americans @SenTomCotton Then what?
This president is in NO WAY an expert on national security. Nor are his so-called advisers.
Just run along little sheep, let the shepherds tend the flock. You really ought not try to pull the wool over the peoples eyes
your statement is irrelevant.  ninth circuit got it right - they are actually informed on the LAW & CONSTITUTION. you are not
STAY STRONG you are 100% right! Robards and 9th circuit have exceeded their constitutional authority & SHOULD BE IMPEACHED NOW
Shame on you, as US Senator for casting aspersions on Court. Trump will no last, then what?
So you support unlimited power of the president? Because that was how the gov't argued it. #resist
Hope so-in the meantime they're pouring in which the roll out was designed to avoid. Hope they're never a victim of radicals.
Sorry Tom. You are just plain wrong.  Why don't you believe in our democratic system of checks and balances?  Shame on you!
Whats your next trick 2 screw over the people of your backwater state? Taking away their health care or polluting their water?
LOL- like your statement on Ebola-#WRONG  Letter to Iran #WRONGAGAIN AMUF #Coward RED LINE Syria #NOVOTE Sir were you right?
This Court is exactly what is wrong with the judicial system. Corruption at the highest level
I'm confident you will lose your job in 2018 if you keep supporting today's republican administration.
you fraud. Left wing courts? 2 of the judges were appointed by republicans!! How about you work and fix the EO???
I have read through these Tweets. It amazes me that they the responders with such negativity believe foreigners have rights.
Yr statement is as misguided as yr Fuhrer's EO which was badly written & badly managed. + Shot down by his own big mouth.
thank you. #AmericaFirst
your administration is the misguided one. Intent matters. Your admin. wanted a 'legal Muslim ban' that's unconstitutional af
Obviously law isn't your strength. 2 of the 4 judges are Republican picks and passed Senate votes unanimously #nomuslimban
u turned ur back on us after we elected u. U have Repub AR wrapped up. Why won't you represent the rest of AR? We need u
Tom, don't let the Libtards wear you down.  Keep up the good work!  They may dance now, but will cry when SCOTUS reverses it.
You are no more Arkansans or patriot that I, Sen. You need to stfu on this stuff until you know how the people who pay u feel.
You may want to brush up on the Constitution. Join Trump in the remedial class.
Thank you!!
Today's ruling by the  "most notoriously left-wing court in America" included Judge Richard R. Clifton, a Bush appointee.
Did National Security Advisor Flynn discuss lifting sanctions with Russia before Trump took office? https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/national-security-adviser-flynn-discussed-sanctions-with-russian-ambassador-despite-denials-officials-say/2017/02/09/f85b29d6-ee11-11e6-b4ff-ac2cf509efe5_story.html?utm_term=.1eb26e7d468f&wpisrc=al_alert-COMBO-politics%252Bnation …

Break-up the 9th Circuit. Level of incompetence should not be confused with politic agenda.
courts do have the power to review and interpret EOs & including green card holders is the constitutional issue
Free speech is a blessing- isn't it senator?! Too bad you are wrong-
@kinni00 We need many correction to clearly protect the USA from the undermining of our laws and rules
who cares?
You're such a smart guy, why in the world would you defend that man. He's an independent that ran under the flag of the GOP.
Thank you Mr Cotton! Our safety should be #1
I hope you get eaten by a giant boll weevil!!
really, senator!? 3-0, and bipartisan at that! More disappointed every day that you're my representative. Smh.
Time to disband the Ninth Circuit. They are acting as a super legislature.
What part of 'checks and balances' don't you understand? How 'bout a little 'separation of powers' to wash it down with?
Y d/n his EO target KSA, Egypt, UAE, & other nations where actual terrorists have come from?
Or, R U just really that stupid?
... if nothing is prepared and presented in court, no wonder if you lose. Laughable.
4/..cover enough.
FAKE PASSPORTS used to enter France in Paris Bataclan massacre.
9th CC JUDGES PROTECT YOU FROM ISIS?
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3416967/ISIS-created-entire-fake-passport-industry-using-documents-stolen-Iraq-Libya-Syria-warn-French-officials.html …
3/..if u actually took the time 2 read the breakdown on CNN of the list of 78 attacks that legit media supposedly didn't.....
2/..order that respects the Constitution while still addressing the real countries with issues, such as the United States,....
1/ If u truly believe in protecting the country, then tell you're fascist coward in the Oval Office 2 write up a legit .....
Dutch Journalist makes discovery..
FAKE Syrian passports for sale in the Netherlands for $825.
So you're a fascist too, huh?
[sic]Ninth Circuit, the most notoriously left-wing court in America and the most reversed court at the Supreme Court.
GERMAN INTELLIGENCE
"ISIS stole thousands of blank passports to smuggle ISIS terrorists."
@DaBirdDaPlane @SenTomCotton @IBTimesUK  so why does the Left Stay in DENIAL. .why can't they see the dangers
my statement on Tom "I loved the slave times" Cotton: 

He is trash.
ABC reports ISIS jihadis with fake passports risk to world.
9th Circuit Courts say JIHADIS WELCOME!
9th Circuit Judges WELCOME jihadis with a visa!
It is beyond baffling how wrong and full of lies every single sentence in your statement is.
you're embarrassing
does Putin have piss tapes on you too?
The EO applies to green card holders, who do undoubtedly have due process rights to assert.
One of the 3 judges who unanimously decided to deny the appeal is Richard R. Clifton nominated by George W. Bush in 2002.
Remember Cassandra Butts?
how can a court block this?  I'm so upset.
One of them was appointed by GW Bush. Stop lying and if you are going to remain in Congress study up on the Constitution
Blame the drafting and roll out. Both were done poorly. Even you have to see that.
You know his ban is unconstitutional if you ever read the constitution.Trump tweeted. You cannot have a ban based on religion.
@Region8News it's the 9th circus court of appeals. Hippy leftists who are the most overturned court in America
Amen
Tom you guys in Congress need to break up the 9th Circuit. It's too big. We need a 12th Circuit.
thank you, Mr. Cotton. Well said
why aren't this judges being impeached if their rulings are so frequently overturned. They are incompetent. Remove them.
but it is certainly okay for him to second guess leaders of our military. What a hypocrite.
Why not rewrite order so it doesn't break constitution? And add Saudi Arabia as a terrorist country. Can't? @JoaquinCastrotx
At least @RepKevinYoder respected the independent judiciary. You, sir, are a sore loser.
you're just sucking up to Trumpster
My understanding, if @SCOTUS refuses to hear, ruling stands.  If they hear, & split on decision, ruling stands. So we're done?
tare it apart
U had to make special statement 4 partisan drivel? Do something worthy of ur voters time confirm this: http://bit.ly/2idMtlv 
Are you going to back the judiciary of this country or executive overreaching power & angry tweets? Your choice.
, Glad I don't live in Arkansas!
Liberals in our country have gone insane. Makes me wonder, what's going on behind the scenes?  Hang in there.
What is the penalty for a justice who blatantly disregards the US Constitution, sir? What recourse do #WeThePeople have, sir?
[SOUND OF KISSING TRUMP BUTT]
Bravo Tom. Go get them,
Exactly right, well said.
Keep dreaming you bigoted toady. You'll have to find some other method to launch your miserable career.
it was a 3-0 ruling, how about y'all work up something together through congress
You're so full of shit RS
How much do your statements cost? I'm guessing between $960,250 and $8301.
that will buy a lot of Ivanka Trumps clothing line. #sellout
keep us safe, impose a total ban and keep us safe.
Another worthless statement.  Read the constitution you are supposed to represent. Clearly illegal. Big thanks to 9th circuit!
you're pathetic
first DeVos and now this?  Didn't your family come here on a boat at some point?  You don't look very native to me.
Thank you Senator .. ridiculous political decision from a biased court ... Ninth Circuit liberals will be overturned!
thank you for supporting the president on his immigration initiatives.
Pres. Trump should never allow an activist judge to override him  without court showing proof protect. nation is wrong.
- apparently you don't understand the Constitution. Just like your failed @POTUS Keep towing that racist line though!
okay, relax. This is checks and balances. @SenTomCotton
I totally agree. Although, I don't think anyone is too shocked by the decision, unfortunately.
I totally agree with you. I will be knocking on doors come 2020.
Thanks @SenTomCotton for the note. Hey @ArkDems, where do I send the check to see Tom beaten like a government mule in 2020? @INDIVISIBLEArk
Thanks, Randy, for giving out info re Indivisible Arkansas. We must drain the swamp.
From the state thst brought us Jeff Sessions. Hahaha
and so President Trump continues his fear mongering tactics. Legal or not his travel ban win against all America stands for
I do not know how @SenTomCotton manages to type with his head buried in Trump's ass.   Cotton, good on you.
Hey folks, this comment is full of bullshit.  So disregard.
@LiamWBZ Arknsas Harvardian It just shouldn't be this way We are a torn nation with activist judges IMHO @LiamWBZ
fascist! #impeachtrump
the judges clearly said it was clearly not legal, which is kind of how it works. Enjoy your one term in office. You're awful.
From the most notorious left wing court in America to the most notorious traitor in America. (Keep writing those letters)
Please ask @potus to freeze ALL immigration and Visas until this is resolved. We need You and @realDonaldTrump
maybe if Congress had stopped his bullying tactics before he became @potus rather than letting him do what HE wants..hmm?
if it were written and executed in a constitutional and rational way, we wouldn't be here. Blame shifter.
you have time to tweet 10 times a day but not enough time to answer my e mail? You are a poor excuse of a public servant.
1. nice politicizing it. It is not about politics. It is about the law. Section 5 subsection B. These 7. Countries and
2. Exceptions will be made for religious law. Religious part unconstitutional, Nationality against I 1965 law. About law
Oh, my, weak sauce.“@SenTomCotton: My Statement on the Ninth Circuit Ruling on President Trump’s Immigration Order: http://ow.ly/7WqS308Rv17 ”
#StandwithTrump #FightforTrump #FoxNews #draintheswamp
you are a true American !
Who cares about your statement. This was a win for the majority of people who did not vote for t***p. Go have dinner.
so the 5th Circuit is the most notorious Nazi court in the nation. Got it!
Agreed. Thanks for your leadership and service for the great state of Arkansas!
Some of us in Arkansas are quite concerned about the president's impulsivity, fear-mongering, and immaturity.
Arkansans are a bit nervous about Trump. He doesn't seem to realize he's not our CEO, but a public servant.
Traitor says what?
Got it. You support authoritarianism. The majority is keeping a list. See you in the next election. Get your CV ready.
need a reminder of the November slaughter? We won. Sit down and shit up.
you are wrong sir you are backing a hateful illegal and unconstitutional order
heard from your Iranian masters lately?
- One judge was appointed by George Bush, and the ruling was unanimous. So...
You've got to distance yourself from this train wreck, or your career will be defined by it long after he is impeached.
Not surprised a man named Cotton would say this.
Checks and balances. Real Americans refuse 2 live in fear &understand what you're trying2do:exchange safety for freedom. Never
he's really not though. He's proved that multiple times.
don't delegitimize the court ruling. That is unamerican. Respect it and find a different way to Vet
it's obviously not 'plainly' constitutional for 3 constitutional judges
The judges gave due process rights to some jihadi dude sitting in Libya right now.  What were you saying?
From one veteran to another...please put away your clown shoes
thank you for your service
If he had paused issuing visas/green cards for ALL countries to assess the policies, understandable. But not this. #racistact
@JudicialWatch 9th Circus should be divided into 2 sep. Courts, CA & OR =9th, rest into #NEWAPPCRT
