@DonnaWR8 Bull Shit,Vote what you believe is correct
Ya....I am assuming he was being very sarcastic. 
If so, OKI was confused when I read the Tweet
IDK maybe Im confused but fairly certain he was being sarcastic. #Dems holding up only continues #Demexit
You should have pressed for a vote on the SCOTUS vacancy. Charade. Theater. Scam. Politics as usual. The Beat Goes On.
How about #Trump's nominees get their background checks and paperwork completed & reviewed before a vote? @SenatorTimScott @SenTomCotton
Dems are out to ruin the USA. Schumer is a disgrace to Democracy & he's anti-American & Pro-Schumer. Dems R part of swamp!
We have the Siberian Candidate as President. You need to investigate. Trump what are you hiding? RELEASE YOUR TAXES NOW.
Select 1 whose main job isn't 2 destroy CIA evid on Russ hack elect + T connect 2 Russ + is there 2 kp T from beng impeach
what about Merrick Garland?   Still no moves there?
Since You are not a Dem, and you are Tweeting, can I deduce your support for Pompeo and need for CIA Director?
We're fine with an acting director who might look into Russian and Republican malefeasance.
@SenTomCotton just like your sorry ass felt it was ok to not give Garland a hearing. Sorry excuse for a Senator
@SenTomCotton @SenTomCotton yes, let's introduce you to Merrick Garland or wait Butts who died waiting on you! Shameful
You don't believe that our Congress should use due diligence when deciding about the security of our country?
@SenTomCotton just like you blocked supreme court nomination.  #notastatesman #badfor arkansas
@SenTomCotton Really? You want whine about them obstructing? REALLY?
Or they think hearings shouldn't be rammed through.
You #Republicans almost seem un-American.
Perhaps as long as the GOP saw fit to see only 8 Justices in the Highest Court.
@MiaoReport democrats are insane. Ideology is more important than national security. 
there is an interim director there is no gap. Stop crying the sky is falling and research shit
thanks for your advice.
The CIA needs more time to clean out all the corrupt files without being spied on by an honest man.
trump troll queen right here.
And I wear my crown proudly..TY
as do idiots with Dunce Caps on.
you had no problem delaying a vote on Cassandra Butts did you?!  Garland or Lynch. @rolandsmartin
@blackrepublican The current LIAR seems to be fine for DsCIA RANK&FILE CAN'T WAIT FOR A LEADER WHO DOESN'T"cook"INTEL
get off the InfoWars its cooking your small texas brain
Oh, you mean the way Senate Republicans thought it was a good idea to have a year-long vacancy on SCOTUS? #hypocrite
Still trying to push fake news long after it's been determined to be fake.
Better get caught up, dear.

http://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/1/21/14335112/trump-russia-intelligence-fbi …

https://www.nytimes.com/2017/01/19/us/politics/trump-russia-associates-investigation.html …
The next CIA Director won't be in cahoots with Muslim extremists.  It will be worth the wait.
But NSA director will be in cahoots with Putin.

And he's probably not only one affiliated with DT who is...
what does a CIA director matter if your president doesn't listen or believe them anyway?
Don't be ridiculous. Brennan offered to stay on until job filled and was turned down. DISINGENUOUS
@SenTomCotton Apparently we didn't need a Supreme Court Justice for a year. Sit down and grow up.
Love it Sen. Scott! Can I trade Sen. Gillibrand for you?? 
Brennan offered to stay until a new director was confirmed but the Rs said no. BTW, no director is confirmed on the 1st day
stop fueling partisan fighting. Fight for the people not party. Americans matter not just (R) Americans.
well, not him
@SenTomCotton you guys are some incredibly forgetful hypocrites
perhaps you should use your own brain for a change and think about your people in SC.  Think hard before siding with trump
It is not a good idea to have a CIA director who wants to tramp on my civil rights
who is in control demand a vote
start standing up for th people and not party. You are helping erode our freedom. Tell Trump to grow up.
why not?
the holy war can wait the weekend
the CIA under Obama like many departments are corrupt! How come their lies benefited Obama & was against Trump! Political!
@SenateDems are just trying to prove to themselves that they are important. It's an ego trip.
Because there is much covering up to do. They need time.
but not having a Supreme Court justice for 10 months was ok? Your party is a disgrace.
You were appointed.  We are working to get a person for the people, we are taking your seat.  One and done. Sell out!!
Senator, who is allowing this delay? And, why are they allowing it?
He's not the RIGHT fit for the job.
@SenTomCotton Gentleman I hope you aren't gonna get bulldozed for the next few years by the dems.The Pres needs you
It's terrible and ridiculous!!
@chuckschumer & dems continue 2 act like spoiled babies-hope they keep it up-will ensure more GOP wins @SenatorTimScott 
chuck posed for pic
R's have WH, Senate, House, 33 guvs, 32 State Legislatures, but the problem is @SenSchumer ??  You can't run from this clusterfuck. U own it
Not running frm anything-68 Dem don't attend-Schummer holds up nom confirms.
call it like i C it
Weak
nothing I stated is factually not true! - Strong! 
Senate Dems rarely have good ideas.
at least we all woke up and KNOW our President isn't a Domestic Enemy of the State! #MAGA (GTIEW)
Trump has already called them out for that
Dems lost! The people won! Keep pounding!
@peddoc63 They are going to miss their muslim one
with all due respect, the CIA is just wasteful govt spending. Cut most of it and roll the rest into #militaryintelligence.
Absolutely crazy when we have troops on  ground under harms way. Democrats held accountable like Obamacare
try to use your position to unite. I guess you just care about red meat?  Come on man.
@CaseyMattox_  That's not entirely fair. The current director could have stayed on till Pompeo confirmed but Trump said no.
that's crazy! Next thing you know they'll be holding up a Supreme Court nominee!
@blackrepublican Stand up!
Guess Russia told them not to do it. It IS Russia's fault if they lose right ? They can't c this stuff is why they r losing
GROW UP.
you will get to confirm him really soon.
@SenTomCotton or maybe someone on transition should have had their shit together
what does the dems know they have lost so many times. Why don't the Republicans take charge they are the majority
You made the news here in #Arizona but for other reasons.
What a bunch
@frespirit01 How much more petulant can the Senate Democrats become?They put petty politics before the safety of the Nation
@ResilientEarth Can't Senate Majority leader or that committee leader end questioning and put him up for a vote?
the message, to heck w/America.
2 Please stop the  partisan comments. That used to be beneath your dignity but now that GOP is the majority, you've changed
1 How do you think that delay sits in relation to the lack of a hearing on Obama's Supreme Court nominee?
wtf!
so do our enemies
@SenTomCotton why dont they want a CIA director. Insanity of the left continues.
@SenTomCotton Since when did Senate Dems have a productive idea?!!
Your constituents are watching. Pls don't repeal the ACA or confirm Price or DeVos. Please put country over party! #SaveACA
Give them hell
God is watching U! He is not happy with U!
Please RT Shame on Shumer et al  Shame
why didn't you all fight harder?! This is crazy! @SenatorSessions should vote for all noms but himself!! Get it done!
The GOP interest in filling this position is self-serving. I support delaying this confirmation as long as necessary. @SenSchumer
There has NEVER been a CIA director approved on Inauguration day, so relax snowflake.
deal with it
@brianmcarey we need a CIA director now schumer must go wake up ny I left NY bc politions that only care about themselves
based on the functioning of their CIA
@jrchowell ignore the jerks and crybabies! Pretty soon they'll get their drink on and toddle on off to beddy by!
It seems as if you are being a puppet along with all the other Republicans.  Do you even think of the people you represent?
You GOPs need to shut their obstruction down.
@SenTomCotton never before had a CIA director been confirmed on day one. Slow down and think.
Really???What will a new Director Pompeo find out?
@brianmcarey  Who cares what they want?
Stay strong, liberals are just mad the American people continue to reject  their agenda.
you sound like Democrats when Republicans blocked Obama SCOTUS pick
@peddoc63 Explain to me how Dems get away with this don't we have the majority. I'm asking seriously.
They same way Republicans did when Dems had the majority
be better than that. We need to know he will stand for what's right if Trump/Russia hits the fan. And it will.
Senate Dems don't THINK, they FEEL. That's why they get so much so wrong so often.
You are going to need a spine of steel w/Dems and RINOs.  Hold strong and Thank You. #MAGA
JUDGE GARLAND LOLS AT THIS TWEET
CIA is much, much more vital, than someone who is guaranteed a job for life.
LOL
so the Senate is s rubber stamp committee? Or is that for everything BUT SCOTUS nominees?
@SenTomCotton The Dems need to get it straightened out. I hope they don't think they're impressing anyone.
clearly shows that the #progressive #DEM agenda is anti-American. The day of reckoning is soon here.  Proud of you!
Their failures and unabashed egos!
@SenTomCotton Yes, because Senate Republicans never held anything up that was a priority for President Obama. #hypocrisy
Ridiculous
@SenTomCotton sorry, @TheDemocrats need to pick their battles. This foot dragging crap will earn them nothing but enmity.
call the vote
We have the Kremlin and the FSB now. CIA is not longer needed.
you should actually get rid of the CIA entirely
Especially bad because it's all done for *show* w/no consideration of country as his confirmation is inevitable.
Thought Harry Reid solved that problem.
@SenTomCotton or, an Asst Director. A disgrace!
lol stings, does it? Try cooperation for a change. You ;have 8 years to make up for, but I'll spot you 4. Then we can talk.
they want to debate and not blindly accept the nomination.  What's wrong with that.
unquestionably qualified there is nothing they are doing that's going to earn them more votes.
the FSB has our back.
is he as grossly unqualified as @BetsyDeVos? Is that even possible?
they must want one who leaks to NYT WaPost and CNN.
cc: @SenateDems Just another example that they are out of touch with what is best for America and Americans.
you need to worry about SC and whats best for us. Trump just screwed homebuyers in his first day. Speak up or step down
#CIA hasn't incinerated all the burn bags  yet?
As you very well know, sir, the Senate's job is NOT to rubber stamp, but to question, debate, and approve if appropriate.
Give 'em hell, Senator.
@Civic_Thoughts Disappointed that you want to turn up the volume today
It doesn't matter what Senate Dems want.
lol
democrats are going to democrat.
@brianmcarey Get those nominees confirmed The movement is watching we do not forget come election day ..that is all
- they still have more files to shred, or just being obstinate?
Do you not believe in proper vetting?  Are you a DC elitist who has an agenda and does not want debate & proper hearings?
So obstructionist politics are only a bad idea now? Hmm. But really, you have the legislature and you're being disingenuous
Thank you! Pompeo is a great man!
Or an unhinged loon.  But definitely one or the other.
I think they'd rather not have a CIA Director in the pocket of a Russian agent
confirm Him already! @SenateMajLdr @RonWyden why we stalling? Let's get the debate done & vote NOW! Time to get some spine
put your foot down. You have the majority they can't do anything to stop you. Tell your fellow Rs to man up!
The dems are afraid they might be found out how bout voting on some of the others its time to get to work for the Americans
Thanks Senator. Why don't we use our Senate majority to shove POTUS' nominees down the Democrats throats?
Bevause the Senate doesn't work that way and because turnabout is fair play.
bypassing ethics review has consequences.
Please do not support @JeffSessionsrbx He is no friend of civil rights.
Neither is Tim Scott
What? Six hours of debate re: Pompeo nomination....Monday???
looks like 87 to 8 to me give'm hell Senator
What can you do to push it along?
Pompeo is a zealot. He shouldn't be CIA Director, he doesn't know right from wrong.
amazingly idiotic!
unbelievable.Obama had 7 Clinton 3 couldn't at least give us one more
The media is already spinning the lack of confirmed Cabinet as a sign of incompetence...
Then where will CNN get their "News"??
where were you on Merrick Garland? We could have used a 9th Justice all year...Repubs broke it - now live with it!
what difference would a 9th justice had made? the split on tied cases was 1-1.
Boo Hoo. I bet Merrick Garland weeps for you too.
we care about a properly vetted nominee that is qualified. So far not so much of that.
Go figure, they give a new meaning to the word defiant.
I believe he will be confirmed Monday
In the same way Repubs wanted to not have a full Supreme Court? #hypocrisy
kind of how senate republicans thought it was a good idea to not have a 9th justice?
or maybe they'd rather have someone besides Pompeo. Just a thought.
If we have the majority why does that matter?
so much for peaceful and secure transitions...Dems are hypocrites
greatest dangers2 liberty lurk in the insidious encroachment by men of zeal,well meaning but withoutunderstanding.LBrandeis
sad
Sort of like you didn't think it was a good idea to have a 9th Supreme Court justice?
For the kakistocracy.
