Seems to me that Obama is doing everything to make America less safe. It makes me wonder why.
@jeremygibson54 Why a commutation for Manning and not a full pardon like for General E. Cartwright because she is only a pvt ?
manning committed treason. Should be in prison or executed
don't agree he performed a national public service specially with so many hidden programs in the Govt
he is worse
can the new AG or Trump over turn this?!  O let her/ him out but she can't leave until after T is in office!!
Senator, I pray that you and others work hard with Pres Trump to turn America around.
. You meant to say Bradley.. He not her.
@foxandfriend Trump agrees with Russian use of wikkileaks&you're with Trump so Obama is right to commute Chelsea's sentence.
I can not express how proud I am of Senator Cotton.   He makes me proud to be from the great state of Arkansas
Ah so you and the rest of the garbage got together to whine and lie in your safe space I see.
Good interview Senator. I appreciate you and your service. As an Army LTC(r), it is very disappointing in POTUS
.. they want Manning to rot in prison but don't want Petraeus in jail for a day.
manning is still a he and his name is Bradley. Very leftist to refer to him as a her and Chelsea.
well Putin may Trump this! Fake Election!
#propaganda #americanfascist #serialliar
I agree with Sen Tom Cotton
thanks for your service. Glad this disaster of an administration is coming to an end.
sad day for America.proves crime does pay...no consequences.BO releases worst of worst Islamic terrorists. Why?
Well said Senator! Fortunately Obama won't have the power to hurt our country like this anymore after tomorrow
ОБАМА  ПИДАРЮГА
DIP SHITS, she did something great and exposed the bullshit of the US
Obama is a commie who never had USA best interest at http://heart.One  traitor cut the other a break
So are you also going to call out the president elect because he's a traitor too?
OK to leak military secrets and put lives at risk, but don't dare hack our elections? What BS sir 
please change your Twitter profile picture to this glorious bearded version of yourself.
Look at this partisan hack. Hail wikileaks when it releases DNC hacks and Trump bashing IC, but Manning? No way
#ObamaLegacy
He/She wants sex chg-Who cares- But Not With Tax Payer $. Do it after release!! Let LGBT pay for it!
You did a great job! THANKS !
No wonder the Democratic party is slowly dissolving.
can you stop her from having that surgery before she leaves prison? Taxpayers should not pay for that surgery
This is just another slap in the face to our service men and women.
commuting the sentence of this person is an act treason, just saying.
Obama should be absolutely embarrassed  because of this disgrace
Another Obama failure as a leader

When political consequences for lying fail, legal consequences remain. http://www.latimes.com/local/lanow/la-me-ln-former-apprentice-contestant-lawsuit-summer-zervos-trump-20170117-story.html …
@1carpediem2016 @foxandfriends so let me get this straight he was a guy now a girl wtf is going on with our world !!!
Yep, you belong on faux news
Dept of Health and Human Services •86,000 employees •FY 2016: $1.1 trillion in outlays - 28.6% of all federal gov,t spending
Great discussion
@raampsch  Let's see how long he lasts on the street.
Manning leaks military secrets: forgiven! HRC allows state 2 B hacked: Make her Pres! DNC gets hacked:Trump's fault!
This is a slap in the face for those who carry a Security Clearance and what it really means.
I guess the revealing of Dem's & Clinton's dirty deeds is worse than compromising our country's security.
You Democrats are more F'd up than I thought. Doesn't this make our current President "illegitimate" Mr. Lewis?
This is a disgrace!
I assume the new Attorney General can review the situation and see if other laws were broken and not charged.
nice to see you having this discussion in a safe zone like Fox! Lol
Sen. Cotton, while this is important please pay more attention to cabinet hearings. Especially when relates to disability.
she's a national treasure. #backoffchelsea
uh, that's Bradley Manning and he is a traitor
This is going to set a bad precedent!
this is a hate crime against our men who fight and die for our country Hussein just screwed us again
this is Treason and Obama should be charged as well!!! Freeing terrorists. Now this and no telling what else
you're ignorant hateful creeps.
#FreeAssange #FreeSnowden
CLEARLY Sen. Cotton was merely stressing the importance!  YEESH!
