not one dime does pay for abortions. It is sad that you are implying that it does. You are misinforming the public Shame on u
Define "Culture of Life" - from conception to crowning - for many, not all. Then add Viagra.
More US babies die on their first day than in 68 other countries. http://www.nbcnews.com/health/more-us-babies-die-their-first-day-68-other-countries-6C9700437 … @WSJ
after birth I do not believe if u are referring 2 abortion that is choice u make 4 self not 4 others
people like u believe u have right 2 impose upon others ur Beliefs that u r righteous above others
Everybody knows that's a dishonest statement. Federal money hasn't and can't be used for abortion by federal law since 1973.
Sorry, the law applies to any federal funding, regardless of who it goes to.
Yep, also dishonest. Federal money for abortions is already illegal. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Helms_Amendment …
It takes $$ from people with no other access to health care. It's a great sound bite for you though isn't it?
This is an easy one.. If you really want to end abortion or not pay for it. Don't. Refuse to pay taxes 1/2
ur dime can pay 4 medical problems from home n back alley jobs then ..right tommy? Im sure it much more affordable #mybody
not one dime of taxpayer money should pay for self aggrandizing Trump rally in Fla.  Do you agree? @CNNPolitics @MSNBC @CBS
Wallow in your false self righteousness while thousands of people suffer. Thinkabout that when you go to sleep tonight.
#propaganda #fakenews #serialliar #americanfascist
@Just_a_Texan Who approved the $200m in taxpayer's money sent to Palestina and how do we get it back? Trade Obama for it?
This policy will create more unwanted pregnancies because it shuts down family planning and safe pregnancy care.
... until such a time the US Govt. ends funding it. The funding will disappear if 1/2 of the country stops paying taxes 2/2
and it doesn't, demagogue!
But why cut aid to NGOs helping people with HIV-AIDS? Nothing to do with abortion! Tell @POTUS to change EX.ORDER!
they already don't. You're just taking away other services away from women in need of healthcare. You're an asshole.
stick your tax $ up your tight ass. Oh wait! Trump will do it for U! yay! U have the law all wrong! typical ignorant Trumpist
Our government should not pay for abortions.
yes it does
thank you Tom
OMG, I thought someone would have told you...it doesn't.
So you're ok with poor women dying, then.  Good to know.
Yes sir I agree completely. Keep up the great work.
You are a misleading liar. Even under Obama no taxpayer money EVER went towards abortion.
@Just_a_Texan 
Exactly,if libs want abortion free they can start a foundation theycan support 2 pay for it,never tax dollars
one of your more asinine statements...US dollars haven't paid for abortions but you lie for attention
@RWBNewsGracie can see it like plastic surgery elective & you pay! They take in millions NO problem! Cash check or money order
@willbarrett_ I'm STILL pissed that MY tax dollars were going to pay 4 ANYONES abortion much less International PAY 4 YOUR OWN
the hyde amnedment from 1973 forbids gov funds to be used for abortion.  Its the law.     Cotton lies to you.

federalist is fake news.  Period.
Good Try... law is the law..
totally agree on this!!
not one dollar of tax payer $ should pay for your lifetime health insurance benefits or pension either. Will you defund them?
hey guess what? It doesnt. It hasnt. For years. You're taking away my access to cancer screening now You are a danger.
please stop lying to the people,u know damn well taxpayer money does not go toward abortion, it really hurts you to tell the
" spreading a culture of life-both in this country and around the world" America does not & never has had a Culture of Life.
What about birth control? Free birth control in Colorado reduced number of the illegitimate births by 40%.
taxpayers pay aid to Israel. (As they should.) Abortion in israel is free. (As should be.) what would Cassandra Butt say?!
liar liar pants on fire!!!
No more govt money to PP, right?
I respect Roe v. Wade. The decision doesn't say taxpayers must fund abortions. We have other pressing expenditures
@dsherr13 not to be nitpicky Senator, but not a penny should be spent. We've wasted too much already. Every penny counts
#truthbomb #AmericaFirst
@AJMcGuire4 
Don't favor abortion, don't support taxpayer funding of it & don't demand my views are forced on anyone else.
I will never cast a vote or support a cause that tells a woman what to do with her body.
I support you mr.cotton ! & keep you in my prayers
totally cool. & not a single member of Congress should get a say when a woman spends her own money on an abortion.
taxpayer $ does not fund planned parenthood abortion-against the law since 1973.  Stop lying to your constituents!!
Now if you all can get it so we don't have to pay for it domestically. I do believe PP could be good for womens health
Thank you for defending America's most vulnerable and helpless. #GodBlessAmerica #MAGA #AmericaFirst #HERO #DefundPP
you are the best! Thank you, sir.
Easy for you to say with your man parts!
Thank you, Sir.
You have so much in common with the regular Islamic fundamentalist. You'd fit well with ISIS. #ISISWannabe
If you don't like to kill babies then you need to get to work on making Noodling in your state illegal ASAP
once again u suck. I'd gladly pay money to keep women healthy. Guess you don't care
Just make sure you preserve funding for all the vital support Planned Parenthood provides for women!
agree, if you don't want government to tell you what to do with your body, don't take government funding...
jackass! The Hyde Amendment took care of that in 1976! Stop ur pettiness!
Great! Now we need to #DefundPlannedParenthood #EndAbortion  #MAGA
Next step>Defund State Dept Office of Resettlement.>Tax Payers funding every aspect of Importing Foreigners.
Thank you!
Let George Soros and Hollywood fund them, I want no part of it.
next time we can all reminder schumer where you were 8 years ago! Oh & where his martini guzzling butt was! God bless you sir
your right, we should keep paying to deport the unborn! They are truly illegal, they have no voice just a "p" to pass through!
.@SenTomCotton Amen, i want my money back.
you intentionally misrepresent the allocation of money, Tom. None goes toward abortion. But you don't care, do you? Unreal.
Agree 100%.
brother! Great job today!  Thank u for going Cock Diesel on the man who didn't keep his word!
stop spreading #alternativefacts here's the truth https://www.plannedparenthoodaction.org/blog/how-federal-funding-works-at-planned-parenthood …
truth.  Tom cotton ..tell the truth!!
Global Gag Rule aka Mexico City Policy,requires any overseas organization receiving US aid not have anything 2 do w/ #abortion
Supposedly money goes to overhead cost at abortion clinics overseas.Not actual abortions. Term Limits!!
thank you Senator cotton!!!
@lovealaska1105 agree u want an abortion u pay for it not us
ts against the law to use tax payer $ to fund abortion has been since 1973.  #cottonlies
- Not one dime of taxpayer money should pay for your viagra or give you a salary when you are voted out.
Thank you
taxpayers pay for many debts and services they didn't agree to. Like war.
Ever heard of the Hyde act?
Congratulations on increasing the abortion rates. You are a terrible person.
@opseceast Tom see what Twitter does to trump
And not one DIME of my money should be spent on paying for health care for senators!  I have changed my W-2 to 99 Allowances
We salute you Sen Cotton....for your service then....and now.   Thank you! 
Hyde Amendment has prevented tax payer $ for abortions thru out the world already. Misleading & deceitful!
truth
Sad! Federal funds do not pay for abortions unless the mother's life is in danger. Called the Hyde Amendment. Look it up.
#defundplannedparenthood
have you ever even talked to a woman that has had an abortion before?
#alternativefacts Do the research and represent the truth. Helms already restricted abortion funding.
the hyde amendment from 1973 ...cant use tax $ for abortion.  Cotton lies!
another 1of ur alternative facts senator?U know darn well NO FEDERAL $ is used 4abortions. If u don't u shouldn't be a senator
Thank you. Thank you.  It really stresses me out.
@RNRPennsylvania You’re a true warrior for putting Schumer down. 
You raising all the children that result from this with all of their health problems?
i look forward to tom adopting a crack head baby.....
Love you for standing up for us on Senate floor
Great job!
Stay strong!!!
I believe your salary is a bigger waste of taxpayer money
Here's some #alternativefacts for you. Cotton is Rotten to the core.
.@SenTomCotton How can one man be so consistently wrong? This will increase maternal mortality, but what do you care?
The alt-right
And their alt-facts
Can alt-kiss
My alt-ass
@EWErickson I'm a taxpayer and I have no problem with my tax dollars paying for heath care for women in need
truth,but you are telling your people what they will believe, b it the truth or not! Amazing!
Yeah, that's what the Helms Amendment does. I don't know what you're doing. @SenTomCotton
if u read the bill then u know these are not being used for abortions. U are deliberately being misleading. #fakenews
Awesome! Let's hear this every day until it becomes the policy.
@EWErickson Good for you!!!
@stbythec Amen!
That is not what the Mexico City policy is about you are not very bright,
Sir watching your words with Shummer WTG. Proud of you and TY for your service A VN Vet
but half of it should pay for murder machines????
Or subsides to industrial fisheries, exploitive agriculture, and oil & gas?
Not a dime of taxpayer money DOES pay for abortion, you twit.
....because....why?
the hude amendement 1973 ..read it
How will you get re-elected if you don't represent the views of so many of your constituents?  Hint.  Hint.
My group of 200 constituents, Indivisible Eureka Springs, completely disagrees with you.  You need to represent your voters!!!
I am shocked and appalled by your position, which as a constituent, goes against by core beliefs in a woman's right to decide.
@EWErickson Then cut of aid to Isreal.They have most liberal abortion laws in the world. No u wont.  youll ignore this tweet
@EWErickson IT DOESNT! It hasn't for fifty years you dishonest liars.
Thank you Senator!  My prayers are beginning to come true!
I assume then you're emphatically in favor of ending federal funds to Israel given their funding of abortions. Please confirm.
@EWErickson women will die and it's 100% your fault.
You ever heard of the Helms Amendment?
you're an intolerant person. Did something horrible happen to you as a child? Do you get joy from being cruel? #GOPcruelty
liar liar pants on fire.

#
Ya penned #47traitors declared war on Iran PBO's  Backed foreign govt's leader @netanyahu spied #USA  #irandeal  #fairtrade
you blocked a nomination until a woman died just to hurt the president. Your words are meaningless
cotton need a mental exam.  Just hateful.  #notchristian #alternativefactsarelies
Not one dime of taxpayer money should go to Tom Cotton. Important read:
propaganda
And how much money is going to Israel, where abortion is state funded?
It already doesn't and U know it. It's bullshit. It puts the most vulnerable women at risk. But U know tht 2. Just don't care.
truth
We should also not spend one dime on YOUR health insurance while you screw us out of ours.
abortion isn't healthcare, it's murder. #defundplannedparenthood
good thing planned parenthood cant use tax money for it since 1973.  Its a law. Duh
And it hasn't since the early 70's. This executive order will cause abortions to go up
taxpayers are paying for trumps security tho ....
@foxnews @sentomcotton NOT ONE PENNY!
this is the most important message for #MAGA to remember.
how many dimes for family planning, disease prevention! God murdered more babies than any man! Joshua and Jericho! #traitor
wish someone would have paid for yours
Don't make this mistake.  It's a sure way no one lives.
so true! #defundplannedparenthood
You know very well, that the money DOES NOT pay for abortion. If you don't you're in the wrong line of work!!!
#Resist
#Fool
truth!  He lies to the people of arkans!!! #alternatefacts
do you regret your cruelty to Cassandra Butts?
I agree. And thank u for putting chuck in his place Sir. That shit bag has no right to talk to you that way.

truth! Cotton needs to quit lying aboit planned parenthood.
nobody cares.
