And yet you & GOP colleagues are SILENT ON TRUMP & RUSSIA! And SILENT on KUSHNER AND HIS MEETINGS WITH RUSSIANS & SESSIONS RUSSIAN MEETINGS?
Sen, thanks for reviewing the past.  What should we do about the failure now to defend our democracy against foreign interference?
Why don't you come out and say there is no Russia investigation and its all just a big lie?
Does the name Mueller ring a bell to you?
You are a joke Cuton, Obama is in the history books, take responsibility
When you think Cotton, think @realDonaldTrump .  Same person.  "My statement."  Such arrogance.
Where's your statement about McConnell's threat to Obama to make it partisan if he went public? Stand up for America. Don't be a hack.
Mr. Cotton blaming and finger pointing at the past is not governing now when our nation is in crisis.
So basically, you're saying "Thanks Obama?" What a croc you are.
You do realize that your administration is in office now right? Quit bashing and just fix the problem. Do your elected duties.
What are you doing about it other than blaming Obama?  You are a co-conspirator to the traitors in the Trump White House. #onetermsenator
Obama left office months b4 and u still cry on his admin. Nose around the worst is under ur chin.
Why are refugees allowed and funded by the GOP to enter the US?
If it's true about you attending the BILDERBERG meeting that is a treason act against America and you should be removed from office
This is YOUR CHANCE to hit the Russians back, Tom!  Be a man!  Be a Patriot!
Wow? And you really work in congress?
Obama is gone.We have a Russian assett in the White House NOW. Please show the leadership to stop trump.He is dangerous to both Dems AND GOP
Shame on you. It wan't Obama. It was Trump and Brannon.
Come on, Tom. I know you're not this dumb, buddy.
Do Obama's fake Russian sanctions reverse Uranium One Deal.
@funder find anything on tom cotton? This is odd...
To me, looks like he has clear SSCI evidence of multiple Russian cyber attacks and is making his preemptive strike.  Eager for Comey. 2020
YOU ARE SICK AND DISGUSTING, an embarrassment to Arkansas.  Quit blaming Obama and start pointing the finger at Trump & Assoc. and Russia!
I am an Arkansas voter,well aware you want to be Pres.
Given that,step up! Do something aboutTrump. He is not GOP. Is a spy. Show some guts.
 

HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAhahahaha omG!
Political hack & politician uses vet image for personal gain. If you are a patriot go after Russia & collaborators

Do Obama's Fake Russian sanctions reverse Clinton's Uramium One Deal?
Why was it ok for Obama to interfere with Israel's election (with tax payer money).  Such hypocrisy!
shut up.... just shut up

you stand with Trump which means you're also #PutinsPuppet

#resign
Your failure to crack down on #TrumpTreason is current. That's yesterday's news.
.You might want to check on that.  Your Boy is giving back Russia their Spy Compounds!
Are you delusional? How about your party's collusion with Russia? You're a continued embarrassment to Arkansas.
My statement on @SenTomCotton: No one gives a shit about his statements.
My statement on @SenTomCotton:  If you think tall men have a better perspective on his surroundings, you'd be in error.  Clouds n' shit.
Whose side are you on?
Hahahaha
So Trump's Russian ties are Obama's fault??!! Way to pass the buck, little man!
Forget statements. We want to see arrests for illegal spying and using illegal methods to spy on opponents. tactics used by Russia and Obama
Lock up the microwaves!!!
Await your next statement on Trump administration daily coddling of Kremlin.
There's something seriously wrong with you. Can't wait to hear your statement on Paris. It was a win for the Koch's
Are you serious right now. Dear God... #really
STOP CHOOSING PARTY OVER COUNTRY!! FIGHT LIKE THE WARRIOR you claim to be. This is NOT Pres. O's fault. Bi-partisan failures and $$$$$$$$$$$
why don't come clean and tell the truth for once
ANd what were you doing in Congress to give tools to the Executive Branch in terms of legislation?
Now that's a stretch...
Fact Check: The White House has no ethics and  the #GOP is complicit in allowing this to continue. The #GOP endorses unethical  behavior.
Prepare for another financial crash!
Ok, so when do you plan on doing something about it? Impeach/Prosecute Trump/Flynn/Kushner/Sessions NOW! Don't be complicit.
This was a dumb tweet.. Your supporters are Russia apologists and your enemies hate the republicans for supporting Russia
Meaning: you're only going to get hate from this tweet. Someone should teach you how to use Twitter.
Good one, you #traitor.  Blame anyone except Trump.
I hope history is just as unkind to you, you partisan hack, as it is to the folks who are letting this country go by the wayside.
your party is literally FILLED with those influenced with Russian interests and you have the guts to try and say thats Obamas fault?
You're a clown.
Uh what? Lol
lol
