I would suggest that @SenTomCotton, among others, would be wise to ask the same questions as @RandPaul. #IranDeal
I have formally requested from the WH and the Intel Committees info on whether I was surveilled by Obama admin and or the Intel community!
I agree, Trump was correct Obama is a sick guy! You wuzzy republicans stick together and fight!!!
 Deflect, defelect, deflect. #TrumpRussia #Treason #ImpeachTrump
Exactly. He's a coward.
Thank Sen Cotton! Roll back all O regulations.
#FakeChristian
Don't be a goof now and run your mouth about Health care bill not passing, you republicans DO what you said you were going to!
You May need to compromise some to get the Legislation wins!! No excuses!
Remember Senator. What kind of health care do you have? 

Remember your constituents. 2018 is coming.
Voter to @SenTomCotton: My husband is dying. We can't afford health insurance. What kind of insurance do you have? 
@SalenaZito Remember 2008. Don't hand back a pile of shit in 2020.
Why all men deciding the fate of WOMENS healthcare?  What makes you qualified to decide?

#ProtectTheEnvironmentOnlyOneEarth
In his cult, men rule over the women & aren't allowed to speak for themselves. He's a JimBob Duggar type. Pure filth.
That's the problem .... you all are feeding the hatred of Obama tosatisfy your base and not governing
You and the other nuts will never be able to undo Obama's  legacy.  A bunch of fools running our country
You are a d1sgrace. I cannot wait to help vote you out!!  
Call @SenateGOP ask why AHCA team is:

13 White Dudes 
 0 Women
…
Go Tom
But can we count on you to protect preexisting cond + to torpedo this nonsensical approach to healthcare reform in the Senate bill?
: I appreciate the speeches but just do it !
ROLLING BACK? You mean took away. Big difference. HOW DARE YOU. How can you do this and look your kids in the eye? Oh...you LIE TO THEM, TOO
Country over party Tommy.  There's a big country outside of Yell Co.
Very nice indeed.
Wish we could rollback past administration's EO's & those
Last minute Flagrant illegitimate BOGUS Pardons.
Your committee-which man willl be in charge of describing women's care issues? 51% are women! Will y be discussing menopause, menstruation?
Lol...prob. Bet they either don't know how it all works or think it's the devil!
Just don't replace them with shittier regulations. Republican drafted regulations are as bad as the ones Democrats propose.
Um...they just DID
These regulations were put in place for a reason in order to keep companies accountable. Stop polluting our air and poisoning our people.
And then there is the Prairie Chicken(LOL!)
This new one affects all of us, not just blacks.
I think right now not only jobs dead but soon people will be without insurance. Yes I'm from Arkansas as well. Represent me
Cotton represents Arkansas really well! Thanks Tom!
No he doesn't; he's a corrupt piece of .
Don't pay attention to the libtards out there we voted for U! You are young become a Trump supporter and run in 2024!
oh you mean like the ACA!! You and your party are awful! 2018 can't come soon enough!
Hey thanks for the 
('What about American workers') comment and HB visa abusers. 🖒
Seriously Senator, do you care at for your state or country? No proof yet that you do.
He Thinks He Cares But is Above It!
Please work on tax cuts before USHOR does. Pass Reconciliation obamacare repeal and replace bill asap.  House-Senate conference by July 4th
Or u could have spoke about the amount of our tax dollars that our President spends every weekend traveling to his resorts! EVERY WEEKEND!
Your time should have centered around D's & Rs working together. I know thats a foreign concept but it's the only way to make US better.
He cares nothing about his workers in Arkansas

you make my blood boil!people like u who r more interested in getting your hands on lots of cash &political donations-then save our country!
There may have been a few regulations that were ineffective but most of them were designed to protect people and planet. Much needed
Thank you Super Patriot Senator Tom Cotton!
How fancy.
I'm an AR native, rape survivor, PCOS sufferer, and asthmatic. Will you craft a healthcare bill that will kill me? #iamapreexistingcondtion
BS Lunstic !
There's that compassionate conservatism we all know and love
Just support Trump... that's all
If you can only describe the merits of your actions by disparaging others, then your actions must not have merit on their own.
You are full of hot air. You have lined your pockets with money from special interests. You have sold our privacy. #resist
BD Suzansku!
Republicans are taking us back to the 2008 crash. You'll do anything for more Koch money, it seems. The bubble is already forming.
BS!
Thank you Senator! Keep fighting the good fight
Obama offered to get rid of bad regs. You just refused to work with him.
BS Doc Doolittle!! He
You are FIRED
You are rehired
https://youtu.be/Bg8yQT_tHAE 
BS Mockingbird!
No thanks
Never you are horrible may you get voted out. You all deserve one another.
We fight for Patriots like Tom
LOL. You need more acting classes. Obama will leave a legacy. YOU will not.
Great job, Tom.
