need some numbers for my budgeting. Also waiting on link to alternate ACA plan I asked for weeks ago #arpx
pipeline will destroy land and water. As well as any property value. When pipe leaks US tax payers will pay for the clean up
and make water unsafe to drink and cause irreparable damage to the resources of the communities in the areas with building.
GO AROUND SACRED BURIAL GROUNDS how would u feel if some cold hearted man greenlighted putting pipeline thru your buried ppl?
and cause earthquakes & ruin the environment! Get Real!
please provide examples that show how previous pipelines have done this.
@HartForTrump Hey Tom, so far you, @POTUS an a few other Republican members have REAL BALLS. Not like these wanna be senators
you're right, clean up jobs.
As a Christian, you are okay with endangering the lives of 1,000s to line Big Oil's pockets? I am praying for you.
the keystone pipeline will be used to ship oil overseas. Won't help us at all
Lower cost for Canadian interests and more oil company hush money for you ESD!
Who needs clean water right? Air is also overrated. China got used to smog, so can we!
What a bunch of baloney!  Keystone will create 35 FT jobs, but what about the environment you don't care about? ##DumpCotton
and continue a proud tradition of breaking treaties.
Why don't you just admit that is is NOT about jobs, it's about lining the pockets of oil companies #DishonestTrump #Dishonest
You do know it just goes onto the World Market, right? Puts a tiny amnt more on that Market, at detriment to the Environment
Yep, those oil spill clean up gigs are lucrative. Folks just have to spend the money quickly since they tend to die early.
Bull. Energy costs will stay high due to GOP allowing price fixing. The jobs lies were disproved months ago. We didn't forget
at the cost of our environment!  Hope you and yours like living in pollution like the Chinese
Wrong.  Try again.
Oil may be exported!!! May not lower cost of oil to USA...ok, build it, but, don't provide "alternative facts".
Pre-compressed hydrogen produced /stored  in deep ocean using on-site electrolysis will lower energy costs and create jobs.
and ruin the water supple and goes against treaties with the natives. Keep slaughtering native Americans. Shame on you.
That oil is going to China 
All we get is the environmental impact 
They won't even refine this $hit in Canada
#KeystoneXL
and ruin our environment
Yeah, jobs cleaning up the mess they inevitably leave behind. #WaterIsLife
Thank You Senator GO ARMY
Keystone will do nothing more than give Canadian oil a port in the gulf. #propaganda #serialliar #americanfascist
profits from those pipelines don't help us. It puts water at risk, so Nestle can cripple us. Hope your resume is up to date.
shame on you    Oil at what cost.
Can we just keep it off the reservations? We've screwed the Native American people enough!
Do any of these naysayers know how many pipelines already exist in the. US. How many trainwrecks carrying oil have had?
Nope and nope. Jobs are construction only. Future monitoring by computer -safety inspections reduced. Old technology-not 21st
I agree
Proud Arkansan from Texarkana. We are very proud of you.
LIES or do you perfer to call it an alternative fact?
and line ur wallet at PRECIOUS WATER expense..we are not "OIL FED EX" bloodshed will b on YOUR HANDS #NODAPL #MNIWICONI
And also wreck our planet but who's counting? #DAPL
BULLSHIT!!!
 More FAKE NEWS from an unamerican fascist shill!!
Building the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines will make foreign countries wealthy and drive more climate change.
why would you vote to defund grants for programs for women in domestic violence? Cruel.
please explain how it creates jobs?  Be honest and just say, "The pipeline fills my campaign coffers with green cash"
Seriously you freaking liar
at the cost of Native Americans??
It will also endanger our food supply. One leak and we all starve. Shit happens.
what about renewable energy?
Except the #oil is going to be exported to #China.  More #lies Senator, sorry you’re not fooling the Majority. #Keystone
Patently false. The oil that doesn't go overseas will foul the drinking water of 17+million Americans. Maybe 40 jobs. #NoDAPL
I guess we're not worried about the earth our children will inherit? We at least need to fight to keep the EPA!
and thank you for your service.
Really? How much are you pocketing?
is there any truth to the rumor Dakota oil is going to China?
are you so sure.  One thing for sure us it will cause an ecological disaster at some point.
Maybe you should move your house & family next to one or both of these pipes, Tommy. Mighty is the Oil Lobby.
#alternativefact on the pipeline you sir are misleading Americans
Yeah the Keystone Pipeline's estimated to create as many as THIRTY-FIVE permanent positions! Well worth our groundwater!
It's only temporary.Mother  provides renewable #energy->Wind.Sun.Wave @BillCassidy @SteveScalise $3.5B PAST DUE #LAoilcoast
I thinks DJTrump's idea to run the pipelines through the Oval Office shows he has no fear living over the pipelines..! Bully!
Thank You For All Senator. For Bitch Slapping Shumer.. You Will Never Have To Pay For Beer Or BBQ In The Great State Of Texas!
Hope you like the beer hot, cuz a/c won't be able to keep up with the warming of our planet due to lax epa rules
It's Called Ice. We Have The Technology To Produce It. 24/7. 365.
You clearly can't read. It'll be too hot for a/c to keep up. Definitely be hard to keep up if there's no energy to power it
Gee You Got Me There.
Oh, yeah, you TOTALLY proved your point with... 2 Time magazine covers. #AlternativeFacts right? Very scientific there. 
I Have No More Time For You.
Stop it! When a bill was put 4 a vote to insure America will have rights to keystone resources every Republican voted no!
Any objections to Trump owning stock in the pipeline construction companies @SenTomCotton ?
@Mike_Beacham 

The trains can now be filled with food from the northwest! Beef will be cheaper.
Have you forgotten that Russia hacked the election? Are you okay with this?
I love you, Senator Cotton!
Short-term jobs. Long-term potential disaster for the environment. Focus on creating clean energy  jobs.
on XL pipeline who is paying for the construction
but at a tremendous, immediate cost to the environment
If we don't do this the gas will g t China where the standards r low and that will hurt all the world in turn.
Tom, take the fight to Schumer.
and set us on the wrong course for protecting our environment and the rights of indigenous people. #ShortTermGains
.@SenTomCotton you're a monster. Your children and your constituents should be ashamed of your record in the Senate.
I can't speak to his kids, but I can guarantee his constituents are ashamed (sadly I'm one). #NotMySenator
so you want poor people to pay more betcha you don't God watching racist bigot country
Dear Sir,
We need more like you in the Government. Keep up the Great work.

Yours,
Mike in CT
Quick fix.  Make a few temp jobs. Damage the environment.  Line pockets with $.  Be prepared for a mighty backlash.
pipeline = paychecks!
better use USA made pipe!! Do what President Trump wants!
You should be ashamed.  Trump should be ashamed.  No concern for the environment.  Only concern is lining pockets.
No lying tom, it won't. A few temp. construction jobs but very few permanent jobs. MAKES LOTS OF MONEY FOR YOUR DONORS THOUGH.
We have such an awesome President! Now, our oilfield workers will have jobs again!  We've been suffering in Louisiana! #MAGA !
BS
Excellent!
Well done Senator Cotton.  Isn't it amazing the number of left wing media Zombies you can block on twitter.
No it wouldn't. Destroying our environment,  water in the name of greed.
Thanx, Sen. Cotton, for having the courage to say what probably needed to be said a long time ago. #gettingmyassshotat
He is lying. When Dems proposed a bill to insure resources from pipeline went to America republicans voted no
how do you know that we haven't reduced dependence in our lives. I have.
that's bullshit,  but RENEWABLE energy will reduce/eliminate energy costs, and create jobs across the country.
excellent news!  Thank you Senator!
at the expense of what?
Go brother. USA has got your back.
and another step forward away from OPEC
do you regret the harm you caused Cassandra Butts and her family?
More bullshit.
