Why stop there?
Wow! Do you really think this is an important issue? What is wrong with you? How about healthare for those veterans?
You got a lot of damn nerve bragging about this trivial shit while you remove healthcare from millions (some of those same veterans).
instead of doing that stop sending American kids to  pointless war for your sick ideas. You have the sick way of dealing with issues

So old people keeping their guns is more important than old people being able to afford health care. Your priorities seem a little off...
Why are we arming 80 year olds with this weirdly specific bill when there are actual problems to solve
My girl out here asking the real questions to a squirrel in a robot human
Hey, don't put this on squirrels. A squirrel could never do this. It's sentient slime in the robot, obviously.
Traitor
That's really dum. And I thought you was for the 2 amendment.
2nd Amendment will stay forever. We can't lose. 
#ChristAlreadyWon
Very cool!
hold on i thought u introduced HEALTH CARE
Oh wow, not
You also support legislation that lets people die because they are not as wealthy as you! #cluelessgop #tomcottonshame
NO to registration! Leave our guns/weapons alone. How's 100 pct repeal of Obamacare going? Just tear off the bandage. Get lazy scammers gone
Why in the world would they need to do this? What do you think "shall not be infringed" means?
No legislation to help the rest of the vets stay in Medicaid and Medicare though. Hmm those Koch bros need more tax cuts
Vote no on health care repeal
How about you shift your concern to their health care because a large percentage of WWII & Korean War vets live in health care facilities.
You did what?! This was a solution looking for a problem.
Thank you. That's great. However, Let's talk about tomorrow instead of yesterday.  Vote NO to senate health care bill! #votenotoAHCA
Legitimate question: why?
LOOK AT WHAT YOU HAVE BECOME:
Healthcare Protesters are arrested outside Sen. McConnell's office on Capitol Hill after the release of the #SenateGOP Healthcare Bill. 
He's much kinder than McConnell. He had a woman in a wheelchair arrested bc she wanted to discuss ACA & tell him she'd die w/o ins. #MAGA?
Good news out of the House with the passing of 'No Sanctuary for Criminals Act.' Hopefully Senate will follow.  We voted for Trump!
what a waste of taxpayer dollars
Do something about the nut in the WH.
Why would they want to register any firearm?
All gun laws are unconstitutional, Tom. Can you please follow the law?
Thank god, some useful legislation!
And you met with McConnell to sell your vote.  Disgusting
that's pretty audacious!
Yes, this is definitely more important than GOP trying to take health care away from millions of poor people, destroying our environment etc
what about their mental health, their alcoholism, their health? my grandpa - clinton, arkansas his botched military shunt, - pre-existing
And we know you are going to vote against healthcare because you care just as much about Medicaid as antique guns, right?
Good job! Keep up the good work!
What a cheap way to raise your NRA score. What say you about the disabled people being dragged from your office? #GOPartyofDeath
Hey! Senator Have you changed your mind on your healthcare bill. We are waiting for that answer.
Great tom, why do the rich need tax cut at the expense of our nation's most vulnerable? Tax cuts for the rich, why????
You want a regime change in Iran, you war monger. Our troops would be sent into another pointless war, so you & your friends could profiteer
It's important to honor Vets and history. What are you doing for our future?
Super topical
Arming 80 year olds is apparently more important than making sure those same 80 year olds can actually afford healthcare.
if they enlisted, wouldnt that be a gov list? 
Focusing on the important issues, I see.
THANK YOU!
We ALL see it, 
We belive @fbi @cia and we trust Comey. Shame on you for isolating them. #unAmerican
That's really interesting.  By the way, any thoughts on the destruction of our democracy and the erosion of our norms?
http://www.businessinsider.com/russia-isis-civilian-deaths-united-nations-syria-2016-8 …
#shame 
#PUTIN IS A KILLER 
#AHCA IS A KILLER TOO
This is the seminal image of our battle. She’s being arrested for protesting ACA repeal outside McConnell’s office. https://twitter.com/desiderioDC/status/877914158787842048 … 
Wow that seems important when our water, air and life are being obliterated by this administration.
6 months too late. My dad died
WHY IS THIS EVEN A THING??
