@SenTomCotton is correct. @realDonaldTrump made the right decision. The US and Israel will be safer without a nuclear Iran. I'm Proud of Tom
Have No doubt Iran Will now obtain Nukes faster and from another Nuclear power. Do the math. We can't fight on all fronts#Foolish
@PepinLachance the Obama admin got us into this mess by appeasing khamenei. Congress made clear they intend to quell Irans anti-US efforts
@MarkPrimas what nation do you think they'll turn 2? Would you have kept the Obama deal in its original form? Or modified it?
I know this may be a little over your head, but you do realize this is a multilateral deal with multiple countries involved not just the US.
@PepinLachance you can read my latest article about the Iran deal here
Nice piece of fiction you wrote their hell if I hadn't been paying attention you might have fooled me. The nuke deal is international.
How much does Israel pay you?
Israel doesn't pay our politicians anything you antisemite. But unlike you leftists, the GOP opposes Iran and their terror regime
Mattis is in a GOP Administration and supports the deal. What happened to America first you Anti-American?
Mattis is wrong on this. Netanyahu is right. #BadIranDeal
Good luck with that. Why not emigrate now?  Leave America to Americans
I'm an American. I'm a "real" American in every way. Not emigrating anywhere.
When you put a word in quotes, you’re denoting sarcasm or irony. Once again (inadvertently) proving my point. Good luck with that
I can assure you that your definition of a real American isn't mine or that of most.
Explain how it's the right decision when they are complying? Seriously get out there and explain it! Because all I see is a sell-out
"a policy that both Saudi Arabia & Israel have been pushing on Trump." Suits T's & milit inclinations 2 hurt enemies
So if I'm reading this correctly it comes down to the almighty dollar and who gets what
As for why oil now, which is insane, consider this
"most of Cotton’s money has come fm donors affiliated w Club for Growth, Koch Industries, Goldman Sachs, hedge funds
I don't even have to read that one to know it
True. But I want to refresh on Club for Growth -- so many nasty people out there. Greedy bullies.
I've never seen such a despicable lying party in my life. You feed of lies, hate and rhetoric. Disgusting cons
Thank you
ما مردم ایران خواستار تغیررژیم وخواهان شاهزاده رضاپهلوی تنها ناجی ایران واز همه سران مردم شریف امریکا حمایت همه جانبه به نفع
You want to stop this: "For the first time in almost a century Iran, Iraq, Syria and Lebanon are on friendly terms."
You are exactly right .
Yes, turn Iran into another N. Korea. Stop smashing everything Obama accomplished. Get real. Grow up.
Why aren't you choosing to speak that the 1st amendment gives the NFL players the right to kneel during the national athem?
How much money you get from Israel?
I read somewhere it was $700,000 traitor Cotton received from Israel.
Thank you for backing @POTUS. It is irritating to see others who tweet insults about him to get “likes” from the resistance on Twitter.#MAGA
You’d think your ears would stop you from getting so far up @realDonaldTrump’s ass...$$$= lube?
Traitor saz whut? You havent drafted a treasonous letter and contacted Iran behind the presidents back again have you
You are wrong again, Trumpette. Or do you go by Sen. T. Koch Kotton, R. Iowa?
According 2 Israeli Intelligence, former Prime Minister, European allies & our own intelligence, the WRONG decision was made. You know best?
“Canceling it now will bring the moment of truth of Iran getting nukes much closer ...not to Israel’s advantage.”
Look at his stock portfolio disgusting
Iran is complying. All the other countries agree they are. Our president is a moron. Other countries don't care what Trump thinks #dumbtrump
GOP is on the path to create another North Korea.


Were you sleeping, not paying attention, or simply not there at SASC when Mattis testified that the Iran Deal was in US national interests?
It’s all about the money for you, isn’t it?
So we can go to war and make all of your friends in military industrialized complex happy?
BS
here's the truth about Tehran Tom ..
The senator's advocacy for a better Iran agreement is a smokescreen for his true objective http://ow.ly/GzhO30fPhey 
But his owner, Sheldon Adelson, told him he knows better than Mattis & Gen. Dunford (JCoS), Uzi Arad & IAEA



He still needs impeachment!
You don’t speak for me or the majority.Why don’t you&the other traitorous 46 go behind Trump’s back,like you did Obama?Send a letter to Iran
When the wars you and @realDonaldTrump are making inevitable starts, blood is on your hands, @SenTomCotton
Ugh you really do deserve to sound like the simpleton in a twain novel.
Of course you think that. Its what Trump told you to think and you have no backbone to stand up to him. #coward #dumpthegop
War monger. What makes u think Iran will renegotiate? What will trump give away? He’s a failure at true negotiations & bails or sues
You are a war zealot.
You are embarrassing.
Obama era traitor speaks up for dotard in chief (also a traitor).
Endless war is bad for America...
Senator-how will we ever be able to negotiate, including with NK, when the world knows we back out of deals without cause???
Yes he did
You shouldn't be in office.

This is from a former acting CIA director under GW Bush. https://twitter.com/jmclaughlinSAIS/status/918892003458461698 …
I don’t see anything in this statement about you being bought by the defense industry and hard line Israeli groups
Are you inline with invoking fear and panic for political gain?  How do you rationalize serving the agenda of a man clearly unfit for duty?
Tom, its a no decision. He punted. As he has done for 8mos. You know congress will follow suit—do nothing!
D..k head, US no longer dictates what to do to the rest of the world. Iran complied and a deal is a deal. The US signature is now worth  
You’re an Israeli paid agent, a Zionist Israel first BIBI boot licker & an American traitor
You're both treasonous.
As usual, ur wrong-stop enabling a traitor & unfit President-the American ppl won't 4get it-by the way,why are u enabling? What's in it 4 u?
https://twitter.com/WarOnTheRocks/status/918718117114552320 …
The real reason. Your a crook.
The senator's advocacy for a better Iran agreement is a smokescreen for his true objective http://ow.ly/GzhO30fPhey 
Hope Trump blames it all on you when your policy goes to shit Tom. Warmonger. Globalist, Neocon. The MAGA crowd won't vote for you either.
I’m sure you’ll be the first to volunteer to fight. Or, you’ll follow your draft-dodger boss’ example. Coward.
Thank you for looking at the real treat of Iran. Protect America, please.
YOU! Yes you! We all know your name now. Start saving now because you are as your buddy says  FIRED
Your position is a disgrace to your country.
They already control Tehran, if we let'em have this deal, they may take over Shiraz, Tabriz, and Isfahan as well. God bless you Mr. Cotton!
How much is Sheldon adelson paying you?
Tom the Arms Dealer Suddenly became a Nukes expert! Why don’t you write another letter to the Ayottola 
Is it hard to breathe with your face pressed flat against Trump’s shriveled butt?
Um, no he's not.  Wake up.  EVERYone in the know (military and strategic) is telling him to stay in it, they are respecting it.
I really dislike people who want to jump into war before they give diplomacy a chance. Seems like other nations are better at it than we are
That is total and complete bullshit.
How much have u taken from military contractors and hardline Israel groups? Just wondering but we do know…

Iran speech - one of Trump's worst decisions: feeds Iran hardliners, splits allies, shreds US credibility, roils congress, gift to Russia.
So when North Korea points to us not keeping our word here will it still be the right decision. When nukes r flying will u regret it then?
It's a terrible move for everyone.
I agree. This decision should of been and has to be going forward made by Congress. Kudos to @POTUS to finally placing it with Congress.
@Alt_Spicerlies @JamesFourM @funder We must EXPOSE @tomcotton  is not whohe says he is..addicted to heroin. Marry a woman just for @GOP
Who gives a shit what you think. #traitor 
#25thAmendment
You keep telling yourself that Tom.
Pathetic
How much money will the coming war make you Senator? I'll wait.
Tom Cotton actually vouches for Donald Trump. Tells you everything you need to know about him.
For you? Not for the country, or the world but as long as you are happy right?
Military contractors put money in the meter.  Tom Cotton opens his mouth.
Right. Cuz he doesn't actually believe  a fascistic regime that killed his troopers is really a problem. & u clowns wonder why u r powerless
What evidence do you have that Iran is not complying with the deal?
Can your nose get any browner at Tropican
reporting on FNC Today That You Are Co-sponsor of JCPOA Fix with Sen. Corker and Rubio on automatic snap back of sanctions for one year..
No he didn’t get a clue.
Can you please explain where & why Iran's uranium went to Russia due to this deal? How come no one knew this fact?
Thank you. This deal was like turning a blind eye to the horror of terrorism to "maybe" stop nuclear proliferation.
And how about our American citizens currently held hostage in Iran? What is being done for thier release? Do you or Trump give a shit?

Of course, I would expect nothing less from you, #TreasonistTom and your admiration for the Moron in Chief's policy(?).
I do not want to get into that never ending American Civil War. So, I will not attempt to comment on Sen. Cotton's word

Keep kissing his smelly ass,Cotton.Let's see how long you'll last.His appreciation for loyalty is fickle & shortlived.Don't waste your time!
Sorry.  All you are doing is setting the stage for war. You will be out with all the other trump morons.


Thank you @SenTomCotton we thank you for your Service to our country
So your against the Iran deal on the basis there a terrorist sponser, but yet you are A-OK with selling weapons to the Saudis?
Saudi Arabia is the biggest exporter of terrorism in the world. Tom Cotton knows this. But Cotton's donor want war with Iran and he's doing everything in his power to get it for them. He's a traitorous puppet. He supports the Saudis who were complicit in 9/11. Shameful.
For sure he did the right thing well done MR . President
And ur opinion would matter why?
Do you swallow?
#persiangulf
Agreed. WTG Mr. President 
Well, let’s see, Tehran Tom. He’s a racist and you’re a traitor. I’m guessing neither of you can make a right decision.
Considering your repugnant party paved the way for a fascistic Iran, you should be careful with that word "traitor." You clowns personify it
Barash, the beast will you ever remove your lips from Azog the Defiler Trump’s behind!
Are R's doing all this because they want tax reform so bad or is it because a black man did it, either way it makes me sick to my stomach
Yes
In choosing not to recertify the Iran deal shows how irresponsible we are.  Are you really selling US-A  out for your tax reform?
Yes he is. He's awful. The worst.
Glad to see some republicans basking the prez.
Truth is Obama is more afraid of born in Shiraz, Iran Valerie Jarrett than he was of Iran's Ayatollah. @FoxNews @SpecialReport
American people do NOT want WAR.  He doesn't speak for majority.
Please keep this tag too #persiangulf is our redline
Very good. Now when will you remove sanctions against #Russia? And then fully sanction #China?
Wrong
He could screw your wife and you'd give him atta boys. The healthcare EO is going to hurt low income ppl of AR! Stop bucking 4 job & resign.
No he didn't. It was done to spite pres. Obama. Trump sucks

Let's not spread "fake news". It was fucking moron. #TheMoreYouKnow 

He is not hated...he is despised in his folly and ignorance
No he didn't they are doing thier part we are not in this alone back out get a nuke faster and we lose are standing on world stage
No, trump is a dangerous halfwit who is putting us at risk.
#Primary2018. 
Great work 
By saying #IRGCByeBye and #StopDealing w NO1 state of terror now 4 
#RegimeChange US govt has to start talking with HIH #RezaPahlavi
He has also helped to unify Iran. Factions in Iran have come together feeling under attack by trump and his  comments.
What do you know. You already failed the people of Arkansas
If you say so, then it's clearly false.
-
We hope more and deter Iran's terrorism 
So u want the US to fight your personal issue with Iran....who crashed those airplanes in these two buildings again?
it's a lie, and it's in bad faith. Iran is complying. Trump just hates that Obama made the deal. Period.
yeah let’s let iran get closer to nuclear weapons after we paid them over $100b
All @potus does is sow chaos, he can't govern or negotiate his way out of a wet paper bag... 'art of the deal' my a$$
meaningless because Congress- especially the Senate hasnt got the balls to do anything anyway.
US is just 1 of 8 signatories of the JPA– plus Russia, China, Britain, Germany, France, EU, Iran. Other signatories can continue without US
 (Please keep an eye on Corker.... just sayin'...)
No, he did not.

