Are you worried about the Russian hacking? What are you doing about it?
What "Russian hacking"? Russia didn't hack DNC. Seth Rich leaked the emails. What are you doing about it?
'Yes, the DNC had #SethRich Murdered. Here is How I Know.' 

https://steemit.com/politics/@andrewjoseph/yes-the-dnc-had-seth-rich-murdered-here-is-how-i-know … 
The Russians hacked voting machines in the summer before the election. It's obvious. Proof emerging. Watch.
Obvious?  No one claims they changed any vote tallies. What are you even talking about?

"We are creeping ever closer to actual evidence..."  So, they have no evidence. Great. Get back to me when ya got anything.
You said no one was even saying it, so, you were wrong. Peace be with you.
The article didn't even claim so... 

So...I wasn't wrong.
WHO paid for DOSSIER and HOW DID it end up at FBI....thats REALLY all you need to know to get to bottom of this.  Stop wasting our time/$$$
Thank you Senator Cotton for your love and dedication to our beloved country. May Lord Blessings be upon you and your family always
because Tom sure isn't looking out for the poor and meek he needs all the help he can get!
Thanks for what you did   About time the truth was spoken #MAGA #ObamaGate 
and his answer was ☟☟☟
Yet the DEMONCRAT criminals are still roaming the halls. This is bull.

He told no lies. You, however, said nothing that we haven't heard before. Follow your friends home little sheep.
@SenTomCotton when will you demand the investigations of Loretta Lynch,Hillary Clinton, Bill Clinton,Susan Rice,James Comey,Barack Obama?
I can't trust anyone who uses the term "rabbit trails". Foghorn Sessions seems confused by your questions.
Tell us how we can have faith in mueller when he's hiding clinton donor attorneys one worked for her foundation and comeys friend ?
Comey is a Washington operative he thinks DOJ is irrelevant he decides who goes to jail another Hoover
Brilliant
Again i say great questions and good show but when you all gonna do something to arrest someone and get records of Unmasking?
I applaud your comments today.. Thank you!
Love this man. The next POTUS.
not electable when the poor and sick voting for him die off for lack of health care. Most young are progressive
You are an embarrassment to Arkansas!
You were right on to ask the real question. Well Done Sir! 
Tagged you in original tweet
Thank you Senator Cotton Now let's question LYNCH COMEY HRC & Bill &OBAMA they have some colluding of their own to answer to
Let's spit in the wind & let the Trump bunch get away with treason.
Bravo @SenTomCotton you showed what the people think of this Russia comedy of errors.
That must've been some good trump steak last week at dinner w/your masterArkansas Cotton keeps choosing party over country, he needs to go
If there was zero proof there'd be zero investigations & zero reasons for trump to keep deflecting/lying. Are you seeing classified info?NO
This was always about Russia attacking our democracy trump made himself look guilty by not addressing the attack & covering for Flynn
Still waiting for him to even address the attack on our democracy. He has yet to say one bad word about Putin. Proof is in his actions
Here's a very long thread of too many coincidences 57 to be exact. That sure is a lot
2/57: It’s hard for me to see any Trump ties to Russia.
http://www.latimes.com/politics/la-na-pol-trump-flynn-comey-russia-timeline-2017-htmlstory.html …
I wish I was down in the land of Cotton, - Where truth don't matter and the Sessions boss-man!
Libs are the masters of redirection. Time to CRUSH the left!!!
Thank you Senator, it is time to stop allowing democrat obstructionists traitors to control the narrative. RINO's need to stop betrayals.
I question Sen. Tom Cotton intequity of constant quotes of J. Comey, wished to resurrect Comey Back to FBI Director's post?? ?
I LOVED YOUR QUESTIONS TO AG SESSIONS! BEST QUESTIONS OF THE DAY!!! 
You did a great job!
You brought up some very good points and did an amazing job!! May God bless u for that b/c my heart hurt for the way they treated Sessions
Your blocked forever GOPe...!
Embarassed yourself is what you did. You basically asked him if he liked Jason Bourne movies. And you had the gall to call Comey dramatic.
I sure hope u keep at it!!
Authentic.
Glad to hear ur stmt, perfectly describes the hearing. Sessions didn't deserve the badgering, disrespect & unprofessionalism from rude Dems!
You were great Senator Cotton.
I will b calling DC to demand Mueller/Rosenstein recusal. Political witch hunt. Call 2025142000 x4
TY for ur questions to AG Session's on Tues. U r the only 1 w/common sense.
Is there anyway u could get ur party to stand up for our POTUS?  They r not defending him otherwise there wouldn't b more investagations
Looked good on camera. But same old same. Nothing done.
Questioning about them isn't doing anything but questioning. When are ya'll gonna take it serious and do something  about them & Mueller?
AG Sessions would not have answered your question as it would havee breached this long stand policy he made up to not answer any questions.
Why is no one calling 4 Muller reclusal?  Total conflict of interest.
Excellent. I think your humor went over a lot of people's heads.
This is just schema of the Democrats to keep the attention away from Hillary and crooked thinks the democrat do.
Ur s clown 
U call that questioning? And, what happened to ur beard?
YOU QUESTIONED SESSIONS ABOUT SPY NOVELS AND MOVIES. THAT DOES NOT = QUESTIONING. HUH WHATTTT?
Select Committee on Intelligence such apropos name. AS ONLY A FEW SELECT SENATORS HAD ANY INTELLIGENCE, AND YOU SURELY WEREN'T ONE OF THEM.
YOU REALLY WANT US TO WATCH YOU MAKE A BUFFOONERY OF THE WHOLE HEARING. SERIOUSLY. SAD SAD SAD.
Americans are dumber just for listening to you questioning Liar Jeff Sessions. Too bad you couldn't come up with more intelligent questions!
You are what's wrong with our political system and a waste of American Tax Payer's money.
You LIE! You set up softballs for Sessions to get on his soapbox. A feckless liar like you need to find another job We Saw You
Great job! so proud of you Senator
Excellent job Senator Cotton.
Your theatrical voice is sickening. Inflection is wrong. Listen sometime. What kind of questions were you asking Sessions? Do your job!
thank you sir!
He's a racist with investments in the federal prisons. Why else do you think he wants double up on a failed drug war? prisoners for profit!
Oh bullshit! Get real! That's the pure propaganda left twaddle when they don't have fact. You are being well used & brainwashed. Goodbye.
What a waste of OUR TAX DOLLARS!!!! You dopes down there in DC better get your shit together sooner rather than later!!!!!
Yeah really hit him with the tough questions. Party over country way to go. #bond #swampking #hackpolitician #sad
Good job Tom.
Questioned???  Lolol. You were and are as inquisitive as a lapdog.. #laughingstock
Muler has deep progressive agenda to restrict Trump. How do we stop him, and any judge that wants to run the country above our PRESIDENT?
Nice! Thank you for representing We The People.  God Bless you Sir.
What is Muler investigating? What crime? Prior recordings (6) of Coney ALL quote him as not seein Trump's "I hope..." as an order! Muler dem
Time to move on and see what connections Hillary had with the Russians, oh wait.....................
Thank you!
U R genius. Presidency in your future. Need someone righteous.
U R Patriotic and heroic and brace. Thank you so much.
Thank you Senator Cotton for your integrity. Wish I could say the same for your colleagues.
"What is your favorite color?" Great Question Tough Tommy
A disrespectful spectacle omitting a  a very serious situation, sir! it made ME feel sullied.U sounded like the stupid American,gee thanks.
Yeah, you know you killed it, Jason Bourne!
No evidence, drop it, let your President lead and move on!
Well done Senator!
So very well spoken.
You did a great job exposing the dems for what they are but it may go over some voters heads
Who is leaking? If Muller runs quiet Investigation & met w/Barr & Warner Wed. how did it get out @POTUS under investigation 4 obstruction
Outstanding! And tell your boss to BUILD THE WALL.
Great job
Thank you both for finally speaking truth. How refreshing to know that all of congress isn't completely brainwashed. God bless you both
You obviously aren't taking this seriously enough.  Did you even listen to the part about not trying to score political points? Pathetic.
i did it was great.  Nice work!!
That is not "questioning", Tommy. You were leading Sessions through a set of questions you knew how he would answer. Cowardly practice.
You go Mr. Cotton. You have my vote all the way. That showed true integrity.
Mr Cotton i'm so glad that you stood up to the Liberals . I felt sorry for Mr. Sessions and the way the Liberals treated him .
You sir did a fantastic job and I'm proud . I wish more of your colleagues would stand up speak out also and put this false narrative to bed
Thank you for speaking out for the people who voted for President Trump! We really appreciate it! So glad you are NOT a coward
Senator, you were awesome
That was awesome btw....
Time to put this puppy to sleep for good
Yes, I saw your questioning of Attorney General Sessions, Great to have a true Republican Leader in you SIR.
Senator Cotton Thank you for a clear and concise synopsis of the Truth behind the whole hearing in such a brilliant way!
an investigation in search of a crime....
Excellent job Senator Cotton . Remind the American people at the cost associated to this non sense . Unbelievable .
Thanks for asking the question I've heard nobody else ask: why did Comey mistrust Trump from their very first meeting? My question all along
You ROCKED!!! Way to call them on their bull!
Yay Tom!  Why is it that politicos cannot all agree with these simple facts & obvious common sense?  Makes them look bad + lose credibility.
You sir are my new hero! Finally some common sense
You are an itelligent brilliant young man. Refreshing to my ears to hear you speak the truth. Support the POTUS and make our country honest
Isn't it time for the Republicans to call for a special investigation of the Obama / Clinton Cartel  what's wrong with you Republicans ?
somehow STOP this witch hunt of our president who is doing GREAT THINGS 4 AMERICA! STOP THEM NOW! Americans have HAD IT! WE PAY U REMEMBER?
Did you see that fantastical spy novel where US President colluded w/a hostile foreign power & then obstructed an FBI investigation? Freaky!
Then a bunch of Senators slobbered all over themselves trying to give him cover & then real life happened & they looked craven & stupid?
The “fantastical spy novel”—
It’s a thriller! It’s a comedy! It’s a tragedy! It’s a farce!
I laughed! I cried! I puked in my mouth a little!
uuhhhh.... BAZINGA!!!!
This was beautiful.
Plain and simple sir, you are a great American. Thank you for sticking this whole probe into fantasy land where it belongs! Keep it up!
#FakeNews #CrookedDNC MADE The #RussiaHoax UP!!! #WakeUp !!! #JeffSessionsHearing
Thank you Senator Tom Cotton!
You did a marvelous job in bringing out into the open what needs to be  made open. Keep on and stop the special prosecutor--too biased.

Wow! That question was so incisive! "Do you like James Bond, Jason Bourne movies?" Best yet was the knee jerk answer from Sessions: "No"
You did an excellent job in proving the lunacy. Now what to do with Mueller investigating Trump obstruction!
I can't believe you're proud of this line of questioning. When Trump is impeached, please repost. #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
Get this "trumped up" (pardon the pun) investigation stopped! Comey & Mueller are way too cozy for us to ever trust it would be fair.STOP it
Thank you for spotlighting this 3 ring circus. Witch hunt pure & simple.
Considering Comey's hostility towards Trump, his friendship with Mueller & their recent meeting, we can't trust Mueller's investigation!
Good job Senator
Thank you  you did a great job 
Great job!!!!
.Why did @POTUS44 refuse to authorise arms to help Ukraine if Russia is so bad? Does this evidence indicate BO/Putin/Klinton Collusion?
you exposed the left's conspiracy stupidity, perfectly. Bravo!!!
Senator- it took you a while to get there, but thanks for making your stand. #SessionsHearings
Noted your positive approach yesterday.It was like the sun coming out . you were great.Thank you. U will be well noted.

WE THE PEOPLE USA KN "ELECTIONS HAV CONSEQUENCES" WHY WE ELECTED 11/8/16 4 R ENLIGHTEN PRES TRUMP & DEMAND WE PEOPLE AGENDA ENACTED STOP BS
Cotton is very good!
I'm grateful there is a person in the Senate that stands for truth and has INTEGRITY. God Bless You
You did so good, we were cheering you. 
Thank You Senetor Tom Cotton you were on message, asking respectfully relevant questions to AG Sessions.
The AG has to get off its ass and start issuing subpoenas
Outstanding Senator 
Great job.
Great job @SenTomCotton 
TALKIN WITH SOME SENSE. BOOM YOU DID GREAT! 

#rabbitt trails LOL
YOU HAVE SOME OWNERSHIP OF WHAT HAPPENED TODAY COTTON!!  Maybe he heard YOU EXPRESS HATRED yesterday!! You were disgusting!!!
Yes and was goid
Well done Senator!
Fantastic job, sir! Loved it!
Thank you for @ least trying to give those dems a sense of reality. I doubt it'll wake them up but it was worth a shot trying.Blind as a bat
Sen. Thanks for calling out the sanctimonious democrats in the senate. Way to go
Speaking of spy fiction, you ever read any E. Howard Hunt? He was one of Nixon's watergate burglars. GOP has been crooked for a long time
The worst is your characterization of #Comey, a man universally respected in the @FBI. You should be ashamed.
I was anticipating the two of you starting a make out session right there in the middle of his testimony.
You didn't "question" him. All you did was praise him and criticize the fact that he was being investigated. You did a horrible job!
Thank you so much! God bless you
u did an excellent job yesterday as u really do everyday-keep up the good work
Tom Cotton you were Great
Tom didn't you get the memo? Common sense is dead. Stop making sense.

You can't really call that "questioning", @SenTomCotton 
More like a foot massage and smack on the ass.
How long have you two been a couple?
Spy-Fiction: priceless!

Loved this
The best response of the hearing!
It was nice to see a little levity in this hypocrisy of The Witch Hunt known as the Russia Investigation  Thank you
#rockstarstatus
You acted like a child!  So shameful!  A disgrace to your position and your fellow senators who were actually trying to do their job!  #MAGA
Great Job!
Tkyou, SenCotton! Great questions/dialogue- open door for Sessions
Your behavior was unbecoming of a senator.  You wasted valuable time joking about spy novels and whining about your inept lack of progress.
Middle American will vote to drain the swamp of corrupt republicans in 2018  & 2020 and we know there are a lot that need to go
Tom you did a great job! Thank you for your service. Please God, can our nation get on w/ matters & not this perpetual sabotage.
If you republicans can't see what is going on with this investigations you are just as corrupt ...
Or nothing at all. If people come here by church or organizations they should take care of them or a family member and not mooch off us
congratulations!
@JBaker31826004 loved it!!
Loved it
KUDOS Sen. Cotton!! Best line of questioning EVER! Thank You!
Outstanding Senator Cotton. I was beginning to wonder if the Democrats were actually in charge of the committee. Good to see you fight back.
People coming her who never put a time into the system and to tell me when I get ready to retire your only going to get now 50% or less
Wow, finally some common sense. @back2_good
After 8yrs of corruption, collusion, crimes, immigration over flow, using our working money to give food stamps,housing medical & S.S to
