I cannot believe the lack of disregard for those with disabilities in this administration! #2020 #disbelief #done
you'll support a racist but not your own constituents?  Support your people, not your party.
So you support a racist who isn't sure that grabbing em by the pussy would constitute sexual assault?
- you forgot to wear your white robe and pointy hat.
@jeffsessions has a poor record when it comes to civil rights and this reflects on YOU Senator. Shame on the #TrumpRepublicans
U straight up voted against the majority of ur constituent's wishes. Ur a paid GOP puppet that'll vote however they tell u 2.
You spoke in support of a racist. Congratulations, we're all so proud of you. #Sarcasm You don't listen to us. Disgraceful.
He listened to me. 
AG Sessions. 
Amen.
I see you believe in the minority ruling the majority. Real American values. Not.
wait...you're actually proud of that? #StopSessions
do you think Sen. McCain is a loser?
Not your finest moment. And voting to silence Senator Warren was a poor choice.
thank you!
you've sold your soul. I'm a constituent. First careers are for the $. Second are for the passion. What's your passion?
A man too racist to be a federal judge in the 80s is now Attorney General. Do you realize how racist "too racist" was in then?
you supported censure of Sen Warren for reading a letter from Coretta Scott King. #Facist
ashamed you are my constituent. US does not stand for this! Shame on you. You didn't get my vote before nor will you ever.
voting in favor of sessions should embarrass you stand up for the people! not the party!
Read the letter from Coretta Scott King. You're disgusting to be behind a man like this.
I'm Proud you are a fellow vet! Congrats on this vote for Senator Sessions. He will be a great AG
please read Coretta Scott King letter regarding Jeff sessions. He is the wrong choice. Please reconsider your vote
you rubber stamp every nominee. Why act like you have given it any thought #resist
Thank You! & Stay Strong! #AmericaFirst
You supported the racist? I guess the South hasn't progressed at all. You should be ashamed. Goodbye in 2018!
You've already convinced me not to vote for you ever again. You can't stop now!!
I'm proud Tom Cotton is my senator!   
Good Job!
Jeff Sessions is indisputably a racist. Shameful shit, sir.
boo
Jan koum is immigrant and was not born in USA but invent what's app...... so don't give bullshit reasons.
high wages increase manufacturing cost so increase inflation.
how would you increase wages by banning immigrants? It would increase inflation. If labor are highly paid manufacturing cost^^
TY Senator Cotton.
As a constituent who urged you to vote against Jeff Sessions, I am disappointed.
your so awesome! So glad it's recognition time to clean up the broken immigration system!!!!
Thank you sir!!!!!
awesome
Now keep Senate in session until Cabinet is full! Then Senate can have a break,until then no sleep! Tired of BSING in DC! WORK
thank you Senator Cotton, you are such an asset in the Senate!
you can't broke immigration system. It is backbone of USA democracy
I am disappointed in your vote for Jess Sessions.
@elohimis1  Thank u Tom thxu for bein n honorable person everyday thxu
why?
Of course you did. You have to do what POTUS tells you... #sarcasm #representarkansas #done
a southern white conservative supporting another southern  white conservative?  Sure you have matching robes. #ShePersisted
once again I don't agree with ur politics! But keep climbing the Republican ladder and ignoring your constituents of AR.
Because you're a fellow Bible-thumping racist like he is?
just wondering why you're supporting him when MLK's wife adamantly opposed him. Does that mean nothing to you???
You are on the wrong side of history if you vote for Sessions.  #hatersgonnahate
you should add 'mental evaluation' to your bill where u said physical exam sb required 2 run 4 prez.
please get your immigration bill R.A.I.S.E. passed we believe in it and more!
Well we know you are against #EqualRights and #CivilRights so that doesn't surprise anyone.
Looking forward to your town hall!  #Facethefire #resistCotton
Well said! you are  the new blood of the political world & what many see you will go far
Amen.
I heard you say you shop at Walmart. On your salary?  Try that crap with Trump supporters. It won't work with us.
guess what Cotton I as a Arkansan will remember this racist vote by you next election- shame on you!!
Sen. Sessions should be confirmed asap..we need him..I and millions of other's know that Sen. Sessions is not a racist..
what a hypocrite! You of course ftom good old southern Arkansas. We are going to defeat you in 2020 with all our effort,
Tax breaks and Obamacare repeal needs to be priority once the Cabinet is in place. No more waiting.
nothing like the good old days of trickle down economics, amiright?
just keep affirming why I'll never vote for you #NoOnSessions
how can you consider supporting a bigot?
why do you support racism?
do you share his racist views
And shamed yourself in the process.
trump's cabinet is a series of very bad choices, please listen to voices of moderation. reconsider your support for J sessions
your 100% vote with Trumps cabinet shows you have no mind of your isn, bought & paid for. We will defeat you 2030
you are a hero and a true patriot Sen Cotton!!
thank you! happy to see GOP unity. The President needs his cabinet in place.
thank God
Thanks for letting us know who is enabling Cheeto Jesus.
Not surprised. Your beliefs are right in line with Sessions. Too bad.
#ShePersisted  and you didn't listen !!! Think about the people !!!
https://twitter.com/harun_yahya/status/829454223586779137 …
of course you did. #youreoutoftouch
