Nice of you to try to limit immigration. After all, that's not how your family got here right? NOT We almost all got here that way.
the best we have,,thank you...
Thank You Mr. President and Senators. I have heard what you mentioned happening on our border but have also seen it up north.
Two real Americans if you are privileged and white , or orange Right @realDonaldTrump ?
3 things,Trump does well lie, go on vacation,cause so vial turmoil
Didn't watch these liars & hypocrites... terrible people!
Despicable. #TomCotton is like somebody in Deliverance
Watch as we remember someone who appreciated The White House.
This has worked in other countries and it will work in ours and it has been needed. It will make are economy just go up
Donald Trump Is the Worst Boss in Washington - The New York Times
The New York Times is the most corrupt of all the newspapers
Trump Staff Shortage – Nobody Wants To Work In His Disastrous Administration https://trofire.com/2017/06/01/trump-staff-shortage-nobody-wants-work-disastrous-administration/ … via @The Ring of Fire Network
Watch LIVE as
Swhat the hell are you thinking
Barf
This protects the American workers and saves the American taxpayer from the welfare state that has plagued this country.
#FakePOTUS
Excellent policy thank you
Hey @sentomcotton , I think someone hacked your account because this is pure propaganda!!!
Maybe it's the Russians (or New Jersey) AGAIN :)
Yep try going to Canada ? Maybe answers why hypocrites from Hollywood never left to get into Canada as they are too stupid
F_ck all of you!
Kushner has been unofficially offering green cards in exchange for investing $500k in his property deals. https://www.wsj.com/articles/u-s-attorney-subpoenas-kushner-cos-over-investment-for-visa-program-1501717119 … via @WSJ
I think you should start thinking about replacing the GOP. With combat vets with back bone to fight for the people and you
This will be good... bringing back something white centric?
you get 6 points if you have a us mastersdegree, how did you get into the country to get it?
No thank you listening to Trump is like finger nails on the blackboard.

Can not watch DT & company guide this country go into the toilet
love it now we need to see laws on Daca
Glad I missed that party. Who knew a tooth being pulled would be more entertaining than seeing the #FakePresident do anything? #TraitorTrump
Steve Miller is being such a ass!
The only announcement I want to hear is he's leaving. #ImpeachTrump
Why believe ANYTHING coming out of this guys' pie hole. Trump is a LIAR and TRAITOR.
No you watch the fools
Nice. I almost clicked on it cuz I thought it was SNL sketch!

White house annoucements as their briefings should come with a warning label.
Two traitors, sitting in a tree...
A very dark dark day in American history.
no one cares
Great but we have 2 progressives in Ohio that only worry about themselves and not the citizens of Ohio or 
I won't be watching
I don't listen to #FakeNews, specially #TrumpFakeNews
#GOP #realDonaldTrump #Resist
I am so sick of hearing this in articulate numbskull faux president speak, why on heavens green earth would I watch it live by choice..
What's the announcement about? I'm not interrupting my day for another vague bunch of lies from @POTUS. He has no credibility; waste of time
Fox News=Fake news. And you were involved! Who would have guessed!
Knew this would be his new crazy twist to his bigoted race bans, hence having the staunchest bigots at his side.
Pres. Trump says the new merit-based immigration system will prevent "new migrants and immigrants from collecting welfare." 
Donald Trump has assembled the worst Cabinet in American history - The Washington Post
Six ways Trump is 'dismantling' the US after six months in office | US news | The Guardian
This is the point at which the manifest unfitness of Trump to continue in office becomes impossible to deny
Trump has hired more than 100 former lobbyists, group's tally shows.
come for the lies... stay for the crazy
Can't listen to the confirmed LIAR!
Who gives a royal shit what that idiot does!
END foreign low income, uneducated, non-skilled TRUMP HOTEL workers. End it NOW.
The Trump bat sh*t crazy continues. Trump unveils plan to curb legal immigration to applicants who speak English

No, um, I'd like to keep my breakfast down.
Little ironic, standing next to the importer-in-chief of unskilled labor for low wage workers at his very expensive Mar-a-lago resort.
Stop welfare IN ANY FORM TO ILLEGALS, STOP FED FUNDS TO SANCTUARY CITIES, STOP ALL REFUGEES, STOP FUNDING NGOS THAT HELP REFUGEES,CUT GOVT
3 clowns! #resist #FakePresident #DumpTrump
we want you to CUT SPENDING, STOP SUBSIDIES FOR INS TO CONGRESS, STOP FUNDING WARS IN OTHER COUNTRIES, STOP ARMING MID EAST COUNTRIES,
When you show @CeeAcosta facts he immediately blocks you! Lol!

Why watch? It'll be a lies.
Watch LIVE as President Trump tells more LIES with @SenTomCotton and @sendavidperdue trying to undermine American values for Russia!
Are you resigning?
Watch LIVE as Fake President Trump makes an announcement with numbnuts @SenTomCotton and @sendavidperdue:
Cotton is a stooge.
This coming from the hypocrite Trumpet who has factoriesnall over the world....That really helps the American economy!!!!
Incredible!
Thank you
@POTUS 
@SenTomCotton 
@sendavidperdue 
#MAGA
#INSTABLOCK
Hoping you will go all the way & set up a system to accurately TRACK visa holders that overstay. THX!
All Bots, all the time
Thank you for the RAISE ACT! American workers need some relief from 8yrs of unfair taxes,regulations,unrestricted immigration,entitlements!
Bot
Oh, so NOW you use Canadian & Australian policies as models?! If OK for immigration, how about we also model their healthcare policies!
Vote out all who took power away from our President on these sanction bill, out next election Drain the swamp!
Bigots on parade.
@GOP committing political suicide by backing a corrupt traitorous madman
They will never hold power again after this
Trump needs Oval Office address on Tax Reform/Cuts and Congress' inability to get things done! Remove their Obamacare subsidies!

If you're going to favor immigrants with degrees, you'd better start making sure that our children get a higher education.
The White House Dump. Sad.
Wonderful!!! Thank you Mr. President and senators! #MAGA
No legal immigration w/o skills except for Trump's workers & Europeans
You're a traitor & anti-American by standing with @realDonaldTrump
were you aware, that as a new LPR you're not allowed to receive benefits for 5 years, thereafter u can seek U.S citizenship and benefits
Great speech great direction
IDIOTS UNITE!!!!
IYI did unite and Trump beat them!!!
I think he won because they united...
U can't pledge allegiance 2 mentally ill Putin installed 45, destabilize the promise of our Republic, & claim 2 GAF bout 
I suppose Tom Cotton's ancestors were Native Americans. Shame on you! #TrumpRussia #Immigration
You are deflecting from real issues. The stock market is unrelated to all 3 of you. IMPEACH NOW.
YAY! its about time, thank you and do it Fast!
“Every nation has the government it deserves” 
― Joseph de Maistre

Sad thing, he was right ... even back then in 1814!
Christian & Professional Liar Tom Cotton says F*ck the very people who need us most & corporations will raise pay because a law changed?
Watch LIVE as President Trump lies about a bunch of stuff with @SenTomCotton and @sendavidperdue:
If I want to listen to an asshole I'll fart.
Working hard for Illegals yet we cannot do much for Americans. Bottom line is people coming here illegally are LAW breakers. Deport them.
We see you there w/ Trump The American people know that you & the rest of the GOP are trying to push your agenda asap before he's impeached.
Thank you @SenTomCotton 4 helping MAGA. I hope your future will include the presidency. You continually prove u will put America 1st.
#20Trillion debt not gonna buy the lies any more 
#100k zero tax must be or last call for freedom is now 
Who opens border on America's dime
The immigration system isn't broken but it will be if this disastrous bill is passed.
Make sure you cover your pussies, senators. I've heard he likes to grab them.
Sad failing and likely corrupt Trump is horrible for this country .. LOCK HIM UP
I know! Let's cut visas for foreign workers at Trump properties!
I'll be sure to mis it
Meh
Three traitors going on national State Propaganda.  How exciting. Heil T
#TrumpRussia #TrumpCrimeFamily 
#Traitors #Resist
GREAT new immigration policy! Long overdue, fair to citizens and fair for America. Good job!! Next...make ENGLISH the language of our land!
Great speech! Clean up broken immigration! 
#20Trillion debt not gonna buy the lies any more 
#100k zero tax must be or last call for freedom is now 
Please set us free no more chains
Its always nice to see a gay republican @SenTomCotton  speak at the white house!
Bravo MAGA 
One more airbrushing of that photo and your nose will disappear
Can you get @potus to not bring in foreign workers for his hotels! @SHSanders45 what a double standard! Who's getting your lawn?
Why not employ legal Americans here Karen?  He is not President for the world.  He is President for United States legal citizens
Listening to your proposal on immigration.   Hope you are willing to man the fields and pick to replace those jobs no one else wants.
You poor thing!  You actually believe that sucking up to Donnie will pay off?  Have you learned nothing? Flynn? Scaramucci?  Priebus?
Your pols tho... every day losing ground... setting new lows... handing congress to the Dems...
Next to fire is...
No. His third grade reading level and presentation makes my flesh crawl. Notify me when he speaks well.
I notice both senators are from the South, a biased region of the country.
Trump thinks the poor white are going to work the fields lmfao
@WhiteHouse Good morning staff & interns! Thanks for sharing! Great job on the @realDonaldTrump @vp team! Have a great day...God bless! 
Lie, Lies, Lies....
Feeding red meat to base, Backpage the Russia, Iran, N. Korea sanction bill. Same shit, different day with illusion
Thank you sir took a real man with GUTS To put America first
Repeal and Replace Donald Trump
Cotton & Perdue. As a black person, why did this make me laugh. The irony. 
No thanks...reading the Sanctions Bill.
Deflecting the russian investigation
You are all disgusting. How is this going to to help increase wages for lower income Americans. This is ethnically biased.
I heard Trump speaking with your words "absolute disaster"
@SenTomCotton 1 of #47Traitors who tried to undermine the last #RealPresident on  #IranDeal Good to see #DonnieDelusional with his own kind!
So we get a pay raise of how much for keeping those lower class immigrants out of the country? Right...
Hey Cotton....turn to your left and tell the man standing there to HIRE AMERICAN WORKERS!!! (Instead of kissing his ass)
How does Trump NOT break his arm from Patting himself on the back????
Who cares!
Shame
Thank you !!   #RAISEACT
Resigning 
Donny Boy's agenda is lies lies lies until he gets caught. He has no credibility with Americans. You need to invoke the 25th admendent sec 4
Get a life
My life is to get this liar in chief hypocrisy out of the White House and all his emoluments clause family out too
Mueller hired another aty
HEARDEE JUST IN An extremely credible source James Comey has testified under oath POTUS Trump lied .. MAGA MERIT BASED IMMIGRATION WEEK @MTP
Way to go POTUS. America first. America first. America first.
Trump is definitely on lockdown from the general . " no more tweets for you !"
I shall be come ashram sep2017 first week Chen nail ok
Thank you for continuing to keep your word in putting Americans first. @realDonaldTrump This will mean a lot to struggling families.
It does nothing for struggling families
For those that are deported for criminal behavior, We hope your Medicaid and Welfare is cancelled at the same time.  #AmericaFirst #MAGA

My artistic soul is dying. The once in a lifetime Cheeto eclipse has come early. I reach for the tendrils of the once bright Dream
Hopefully announcing @realDonaldTrump's resignation as @POTUS!  #ImpeachTrumpNow
u mean "watch fraud, bigot, and crony blow hot air out their asses"
He's deflecting to take our minds off RUSSIA
bull the immigration act never hurt our workers   this is all bullshit trump
No idea who @ SenDavidPerdue is, but anything @SenTomCotton is probably bad news. #NotASmartPerson #WayTooWhiteAndMale
