Screwed:
Tell us again how you are getting into heaven? God anointed you to defeat  hate, gave you the direct power by law,and you did not impeach?
@SenTomCotton Tom Must Go--He is a fricking sissy racist sob--start looking for a job--dude
Seriously, @SenTomCotton . Why are we dealing with Nazis? That was like the ONE universal cartoon bad guy. You are the guy that helps them.
Who do you stand with? All Arkansans or your Washington boss?
Stop pretending like you're a real Arkansan.
No comments regarding Trumps disgrace of a press conference? You agree with him? You suppprt white supremacy too?
How many $s did you get from this group
So you're not saying anything about racist Trump and his aid to KKK and white supremacists?? Where are you on this? Your silence is telling.
2/2 U honoring his memory and then NOT condemning the bigotry in Charlottesville goes against everything he stood for! He would NOT want u!!
.@GOP:  This is a NEW LOW in world history.

@POTUS
@HouseGOP
@SpeakerRyan
@SenToomey
@SteveScalise
@SteveKnight25
You won't ask @POTUS to stop defending NEO-NAZIS?

@GOP
@HouseGOP
@SpeakerRyan
@SenToomey
@SteveScalise
@GovMikeHuckabee 
@SteveKnight25
And of course racist Cotton has no comment about Don. You said all sorts of crap about Obama. Duck Tom duck.
Here is the new @GOP logo
We need help. I am a grandmother. Is this the country you want for your family and your children and grandchildren? We r in serious trouble
Senator Cotton refute the Prez comments yesterday or resign
And NEO-NAZIS are so happy with Trump/GOP leadership.

@GOP
@HouseGOP
@SpeakerRyan
@SenToomey
@SteveScalise
@SteveKnight25
Tom cotton. Are you still standing by trump ?
1/2 Hey Tommy boy, you do realize that Frank Broyles fought for black players rights and was instrumental in integrating them into the SEC..
I asked Boozman so I'll ask you. How will you address black folks  in Ar concerning our racist President standing with those who hate them?
What do you say about Trump's outburst? He said there were very fine people carrying those torches! David Duke thanked him for his support!
White Supremacist they had a permit to March! Gets your facts straight Or a better news channel.
No statement? Hoping you're working behind the scenes to push for impeachment/25th amend. Unless you want to support a Nazi sympathizer.
Any senator not condemning @POTUS is a spineless racist bigot supporting the alt right agenda.
Eternal rest grant unto him, O Lord, and let Perpetual Light Shine upon him.  May his soul rest in peace. Amen. 
You were fast to send letter to bibi when obama was prez. Why no condemnation of trump followers anti Jewish rants? Hypocrite!
Who cares.  Step up and make a comment about today's press conference.  You are complicit!
To: Johnny Stock Mr Frank Broyles touched many lives in many ways. He deserves utmost respect. As for you Johnny with your attitude.
But Tom you are a coward! You want these people to vote for you! You are hoping the white rage that these supremacist represent fuel you!
Ex-KKK leader David Duke thanks Trump for blaming alt-left for Charlottesville
Frank Brooke's! Where's your statement on the president that back whose giving comfort to white supremacists! You had courage as a soldier!
Where is your statement on the white supremacists killing peopple at protest? Are you a racist like trump? You will be voted out of office!
Tom- I keep checking back to be sure I didn't miss your tweet condemning POTUS statements on Charlottesville. Waiting... waiting....
Duck and dodge...
Sen Cotton: My statement against President... Oh wait, where'd I misplace that? (You're going down with the ship Tom. You and your party)
I'll write your challenger's campaign ad  "Tom Cotton would not impeach Nazi Sympathizer Donald Trump." That's it. No, Really. They won.
When you see him again  you want to tell him you are not a Nazi
Start impeachment now  Dems are on board.  Or you and your party can link up with Trump  in the history books
Please help expose doctors/religions who sexually violate males: Promote equal protection under the law. http://thewholenetwork.org 
Remember when a blowjob was not worthy of the Presidency?  We need you to stand up to the Nazis right now.  #ImpeachTrump
Spoken like a true razorback fan.
WPS 
Statement about today? Do something about this potus! Screw your RAISE ACT and handle the racist man in our WhiteHouse. Update your resume.

Take your white hood off and do something about your Orange Boy. He's out of control.
Be a leader. Put country first. Trump has to go. You know this.
The moral equivalency demonstrated by @realDonaldTrump today was disgusting.
How about a statement on the passing of your party's claim on moral values? This country spent blood & treasure against Nazi's in WWII.
Where's your statement on SCROTUS' despicable press conference??
Your statement on the president?
Are you ok wth this??
Cottonmouth Tom segues to another burning issue..
Your deflection is a firm aiding and abetting
Nice.  How about a statement regarding the comments today from your president.
Nothing else to comment on?
Yes a statement on the press conference today please
Can we have a statement on Trumps press conference today? Because that was scary as an American and no R's are even commenting!
How about what Supreme Leader just said?
Where's he's grave so we can spit on it unless he was a Nazi then I guess a salute he must be a Nazi those the only ppl u can empathize with
How do I get a job working in Tom Cotton's office?
