Sort of like when Jon Boener (sp?) Said that the repugs would block everything Obama did, no matter what...? It sucks, huh?
'Boener' could be Boner, Bohner, Bonner, Benner, Boerne or Bone.
Former speaker of the house, john...he was a nice orangy color like trump also...
Tom. You are a sad sad man. Oh. I would also add hateful. You are a sad, hateful man. Sadness, anger, spite and obstruction is what you will be remembered for. Enjoy your legacy.
Remember Cassandra Butts? 2018 pack your bags!#TheResistance Votes!
What constitutes a good reason?  I mean, is the only reason you'll accept "inflict special pain on the President", you colossal hypocrite?
You're waiting to fill that role you lying grifter. Now seek a "cease and desist" on all these tweet dragging & snatching you!
So... You can do something but others can't do it back to you(r party)?
So this is what it looks like when a man with no shame tweets
Ooooh sounds like they’ve learned well from the GOP then... do you remember Cassandra Butts?
When is Merrick Garland getting his hearing?
There's a very good reason. No one wants you as head of CIA because you're a treasonous creep. Do you recall your filibuster over Cassandra Butts?
TRAITOR
You are a traitor, a liar and a fake Christian

You must look up the word HYPOCRITE #GOPHypocrisy
Cassandra Butts.
Obstruction: Democrats learned this lesson very well over 8 years from your side, sir. Ever heard of the term "hypocrite"?
it's not the Dems, it's their imaginary friend T-Bone #racist
@MattMackowiak 

Its what they do,they don't know any better.
Your party did that for the last eight years. Get used to it
You are a joke of a Senator and I'm ashamed that you represent me.
i don't think it's "no good reason." - i think their reasons are quite reasonable.
Paybacks are hell, bro
hypocrite. You get what you gave.
We will be burying your ass in 2 years.
and let's not forget this. http://www.presstv.ir/Detail/2016/01/07/444823/iran-nuclear-jcpoa-us-israel-netanyahu-gop-us-congress/ …
You have no credibility. Two words: Cassandra Butts. You not only #partybeforecountry you were also inhumane.
I guess we're supposed to forget you took $1M bribe from Israel & wrote letter to Iran's leaders undermining our own diplomacy
@JohnCornyn can you give the 'good' reason you blocked Cassandra Butts nomination?
...or when you and your buddies mailed a letter to iran saying the POTUS didn't speak for you. REMEMBER THOSE OBSTRUCTIONS? You are a jerk
.@SenTomCotton There's good reason. #TraitorTrump is outfitting a pirate ship w/bad nominees. #Kakistocracy: government by the worst persons
what the hell is wrong with you people! You were complete obstructionists! Now your a bunch of whiners as Dems do their job!
You're a liar and a hypocrite. The R after your name makes that redundant doesn't it?
you wrote a traitorous letter to Iran,  opposed legislation expanding women's rights, Merrick Garland ring a bell? #Hypocrite
<--thought people wouldn't throw the names Garland & Butts at him. Too stupid to be a greeter at Walmart, let alone Senator.
you won't get reelected. We will work hard to see that you don't.
@FordOConnell what ever happened to "stronger together"?  Oh yeah, that was just for the "other side" of our house.
CC Merrick Garland - The american public is not that stupid.
Hypocrite.
You obstructed a dying nominee to discomfit President Obama.  Fuck you.
Yeah, I 2nd that FUCK YOU.
I agree. FU Tommy Boy
Count me in too! FU AH!
Just came by to jump on the F U 
"Someone order a pizza for the F U Tom Cotton Party?"
MVP RIGHT HERE
Awww thanks.

@JohnCornyn Do you have the votes? All cabinet should be voted on tomorrow. Cut the crap--are Republicans in control or not?
WOW. You might want to lay off Twitter. Seems you get no sympathy here. 
you are nothing but a fascist follower.
karma stings, doesn't it, Senator?
You're rehearsing for your post-Congress career as a comedian, right? Specializing in dry ironic "humor"?
Hypocrite, thy name is Tom Cotton.
please release the details/citation of you bronze star award
Hypocrisy doesn't look good on you. #Resist
Merrick Garland = pretty good reason.  Hypocrite.
Cassandra Butts. Merrick Garland.
@JohnCornyn That's what President Obama said when u block his SCOUTS nomination all last year. Now you are Crying @SenateDems
Really Tom Cotton?  #RememberCassandraButts
for what good reason did you block Cassandra Butts?
suck it up buttercup. Weare going to do to republicans what republicans did to us for 8 years.  Except we will do it better.
the GOP obstructed Obama's SCOTUS nominee for no good reason.
UNTRUE.
You can type that in all caps until the cows come home, it doesn't make you any less wrong.
The Senate left a Supreme Court nomination go for 9 months without a vote, despite the nominee's credentials and appeal to some on both sides.
… is that anything like preventing Cassandra Butts’ confirmation, waiting for her to die of cancer w/the expressed intent of hurting Obama? Or is it more like what your party did to Merrick Garland when you stole SCOTUS? Talk about the sick ghoulish pot calling the kettle black!
you're hilarious, Tom! Tell us another one!

"no good reason" heh
Do you own no mirrors?
This coming from the party who were derelict in their Constitutional duties in the nomination of Merrick Garland to SCOTUS.  @SenTomCotton you and the @GOP put party before country at EVERY turn. The voters of Arkansas will not forget this dereliction.

Mmmmmmmmerick Gaaaaaaaaarland
Cassandra Butts, you two bit hack
Go back to the cotton picking fields you so richly deserve..
Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah
Cotton is one of the scariest dudes in American politics.
2018 can’t come soon enough to rid our country of the gop. Hope you are among the first to go
Worshipping a golden calf never ends well.  History shows this over and over.  $ ruins everything and it's the average person who suffers

Logan Act treasonist upset Dems wrote letter @Khamenei_Fra hoping he would side with them against Birther Propagandists Pompeo
Oh you think they held it up before
Land mass isn't people. Geezzz
Why do you think Arkansas doesn't keep educated, talented youth (me)?! B/c of your backwards and hypocritical agenda.
Cassandra Butts says hello.
Huh, kind of like your pal Mitch McConnell likes to do. Doesn’t feel good, does it?
Hypocrisy + lies - ethics= Today's GOP.
@cmiche1 Wow, from the person who obstructed an Obama nominee until her death for no good reason.
a typical "it's only fair if it serves me" attitude.
remember when you obstructed Cassandra Butts to inflict "personal pain" on Obama you partisan hack? https://mobile.nytimes.com/2016/06/07/opinion/an-obama-nominees-crushed-hopes.html …
Is specific malice toward the President a better reason?  Cassandra Butts comes to mind. https://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/07/opinion/an-obama-nominees-crushed-hopes.html?_r=0 …
Are you seriously complaining about obstruction? Work with people. For the people. Not just your fragile ego.
Not just a lie, but very hypocritical of any Rep to whine about even if true.
Merrick Garland
This is an interesting statement from a piece of human garbage
Like you, Pompeo is part of the dominionist movement that would turn Wash. DC into Tehran on the Potomac. Piss off.
Cotton blocked the appointment of Cassandra Butts for 820 days - until she died of leukemia
Do you think we've forgotten Cassandra Butts? We haven't. Shame on you. http://www.esquire.com/news-politics/politics/news/a45609/tom-cotton-block-dying-appointee/ …
hey Tom. Guess what? What goes around comes around:
Cassandra Butts waited and waited and waited.
add me to the list...hypocrisy at its finest
Oh, that's rich. After you held up the Supreme Court nomination for a year...
Merrick Garland ???
Does the name Cassandra Buttsring any bells Senator? Say hello to Karma.
Can't wait til you're out of office.
you do understand, your position is only valid in #alternativefacts land right?
he nor you belong in office
and God bless them for doing so
seriously? What a piece of work you are.
STOP showing your ignorance! We watched all of you go along with obstructing EVERYTHING for 8 years. Payback can be hell...get used to it!
You filibustered the nomination of someone with leukemia til she died & admitted you did it to cause Obama personal pain.
Why don't you take a message and leave it for yourself since you like writing letters?   https://www.nytimes.com/2015/03/12/world/middleeast/republicans-iran-letter-ignites-fierce-47traitors-debate-online.html?_r=0 …
and they should do everything they can to STOP Pompeo!
Does the name Merrick Garland ring a bell? Pot, meet kettle.
For the same reason You did? 
To inflict pain on 1st black POTUS? 
Leukemia is painful, do you agree?
Hypocrite much?
blocked the appointment of Cassandra Butts for 820 days - until she died of leukemia -  he wanted to "inflict pain" on Obama.
At least he didn't die before he got the job.
merrick garland ring a bell? Is there a bell?
No we have a good reason he's Trumps bum boy will give him what ever he wants in the way of intelligence
How do you look in the mirror in the morning? How do you explain your hypocrisy to your children?
does inflicting pain on @POTUS44 ring any bells? Cassandra Butts? Death? Hell? That's where you're going! #bribeme
So tell me, @SenTomCotton, does Cassandra Butts haunt your dreams?
You made the last few years of a woman's life terrible because you hated a black President. I can't think of word to call you.
Repeat after me..."Merrick Garland."
How about NOT taking a page from your notorious leader and stay off twitter with your divisive, and wholly inaccurate, BS.
You.
Cassandra Butts, you hypocritical mofo.
Tou wrote a letter to Iran undermining POTUS. Traitor.

you're a disgrace, tom. So partisan, can't think for yourself. We got you.
You filibustered the nomination of somone who had leukemia until she died, admitted you did it to cause Obama personal pain. @SenTomCotton
your hypocrisy is mind blowing! You do remember Merrick Garland right?
preventing a dominionist holy war crusader from controlling the CIA seems like at least "a reason".
I suppose that should have been the same for President Obama and the court. Turnabout is fair play. Welcome to KARMA!
where's his birth certificate
Is it too late to join the FU party?
Of all the unmitigated gall, you are the cold face of obstruction. I hope you're defeated soundly in your next election.
Oh yeah. You’re the guy who weaponised a dying woman’s final days. Sucks to be you, right?

And you fillabustered that woman with leukemia just to piss of Obama.
Suck it up buttercup.
Something the Republicans know all about #hypocrisy
#idiot that lead the treasonist march against iran nuclear deal.
blocked the appointment of Cassandra Butts for 820 days until she died of leukemia because he wanted to "inflict pain" onObama
So goddamn what?
.@SenTomCotton Awwww Pity the poor Snowflake! Remember me?
That's not true and u know it. Stop the insanity GOP, REALLY!
like you blocked everything the last POTUS tried to do for no good reason?
FA-Q
fuccboi
you poor baby. What hypocrite you are
being a Republican is a great reason.
you blocked Cassandra Butts for TWO years and she died waiting. Say her name!
<<------ Hypocritical obstructionist.
Fuck you traitor.
Ignoring the obvious cotton joke, I'll just remind you we see you and ilk we remember.
DELUSIONAL.
Cassandra Butts
Hypocrisy
Do you think people forgot what you did?
https://mobile.nytimes.com/2016/06/07/opinion/an-obama-nominees-crushed-hopes.html …
Ye reapeth what ye sow. How could you even be surprised?
Do you recall that SCOTUS nominee and the many other federal vacancies you all held up or didn't allow a vote?
**** MERRICK  GARLAND ***
It's the age of Tit for Tat Government & it was started by your party
Kind of like when Justice Scalia died and y'all had no good reason except obstruction?
They are with very good intentions like water boarding, and keeping personal information on people. Neither should be done.
YOUR PARTY DENIED OBAMA THE SUPREME COURT, YOU HYPOCRITICAL TWIT
Once again you find yourself on the wrong side of human decency. You have no shame, no conscience, no defence.
OMG You are a monster Not fit for any leadership role except in Nazi Germany Stop whining abt "obstruction" when U R the worst
what about Ms. Butts!!
You're a hypocrite
Remember Cassandra Butts?
