Yes and you are going to the wrong side of history with DT. DO WHAT IS RIGHT! PUT COUNTRY BEFORE PARTY! #TRUMPGATE #REMEMBERNIXON
Excellent fair response

You have a lot of nerve in your remarks on Rice. You have acted irresponsibly in so many of your political moves. Shame!
Hey sen. Cotton have any of the msm asked you to come on their show and talk about the same subject?  NO? I wonder why. Keep the pressure on
If u r into name calling of Ms. Rice U r Anthony Perkins of Psycho.

Put your country before your blind loyalty to Trump.  Why does anyone stay on Trump's sinking ship anyway?  #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
"for of the abundance of the heart his mouth speaketh."
How about another town hall? Hahahaha. #TheResistance
Protesting a town hall & not allowing others to speak. Yes, that 's productive....not.
You need to apologize for the Typhoid Mary comment. Completely outrageous and gratuitous.
I'm Mary from Arkansas you f'd up Slander of Sec Rice. Sexist/partisan cheap shot. Will loose support and votes. Enough distraction #Russia
Why so much corruption in our Government.   Americans deserve better than this and quite frankly we're sick of it!!
Rice is a known liar. She needs to be under oath and held accountable for her lies this time. But I think it's an Intel issue. Much deeper
"When they go low, we go lower. " Love the name-calling. Can't wait to see YOUR browser history!
This nonsense may work with your base, Mr. Cotton, but the rest of us are watching you now.  And it doesn't look good.  #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
Why don't you investigate Trump role in stealing the election with help from from bedmate Puto Putin. Tommy boy I can't wait until Midterm
Can Tom Cotton move to CA so we can elect him as our Senator? 
You owe me a coffee @SenTomCotton !! I spilled mine laughing so hard when you called #DirtySusanRice Typhoid Mary!! Omg so funny
I think it's much deeper than Rice. She's the scapegoat.
You Need to get your facts straight. This BS diversion away fro TRUMP and His Russian ties won't work. 
And your source is Brietbart wow how gullible trumpians are look over there! unmasking, but trump sold all our privacy unmasked us all 
I support you. Rice & others need investigated. Radical leftist groups need to be investigated. They do nothing but obstruct justice.
I lost all respect for you with your disgusting "Typhoid Mary" comment.  What a "man"...
I find it hard to believe anyone would vote for you!
Sooooo, are you "Typhoid-Tongue Tom" ? Retread fake news is laughable.  You are laughable. Y'all need some new lines... 
Calling Susan Rice Typhoid Mary does not make you clever Tom Cotton! It actually shows how childish you are like baby Trump! Sad, very sad!
Wow.  I never thought Sen Cotton would resort to name calling.  Very disappointed as I've defended you. No more!
so disappointed Sen Cotton.   Thought you were one of the good guys.
Either be Ar hero or/partisan hack.HealthCarewords were good for Ar. But Sec Rice/Typhoid Mary/was mean spirit. #BetterThanTrump#BeExcelent
Wow. 'Typhoid Mary'. Spoken like the 'Cotton Mather' of the Senate.
stop putting the blame on everyone else instead of your President and party. We the people want to know about Russia and Trump
@mitchellreports excellent in-depth @AmbassadorRice interview explained she never encountered #Flynn, as has been subsequently confirmed. 
Same PAC-paid sources used in past. Only 35% see shiny object. Originality: 0 Character: 0
How can two grown men be so delusional about the character defects of Trump, the man who persistently claimed Obama was not born here?
You know that you are lying #sad
Disrespect for Sec Rice/offensive/partisan/viscous/racist/sexist in visceral way. She did her job with honor. Please do the same. #MaryVotes
Your name calling re Susan Rice was indefensible. R you now colluding with this corrupt admin? People are asking.
Get a life.... Before calling names why don't you get the facts first. Learn the difference between unmasking and leaks. Then you comment
Your support of Trump's efforts at distraction won't stop the truth from coming out about the Trump campaign's collaboration with Russia.
The GOP is completely useless. You have no interest in governing & pander to the most ignorant. The matter is Russia & we will stay focused.

Aiding and abetting the distraction  campaign Tom Cotton.
Well, that explains it .. .you were on Hugh Hewitt ...[can you hear my laughter?]
PPHHTT.  You can't distract us from Trump-Pence-Flynn-Russia. Collusion with a foreign power is TREASON.
Don't be ridiculous. Rice didn't do anything and u know it. This blame game is getting old. Are there no Republicans with a moral center?
great christian values/check them at the door when u go to work/party before country/proof of accusations..???
Considering your incompetence in your letter to Iran, where its leaders had to school you, you have no credibility about anything.
#TyphoidMary? Reporting on @AmbassadorRice is incorrect. @WSJ has corrected theirs. You owe her an apology.
Walmart just laid off over 300. Where is Trumpster now????
Total fabrication. Another diversion by Trumpster
Susan Rice did nothing improper.  Stop trying to distract from Trump treason with Russia.
Seriously. "Typhoid Mary" U r the Deputy Dog of politics. Inviting Bibi, letter to Iran. You are a Koched-out fool! Liar/fool/tool. #RESIST
Who has the power to bring her to require her to come before a congressional committee and be questioned under oath? When will they do that
Fu*king CANARD the GOP trots the lapdogs out to perpetuate! What did you do with the $1,000,000 from Bibi?
Can you please just do your job. All u r trying to do is get enough airtime so you're the next nom on the GOP ticket.
Dick Cheney said Russian influence in our election was an act of war. Isn't Comey's method--find what happened and then evaluate crimes.
Did you talk about Trump's connection to Eric Prince? And Prince's connections to China?  Hypocrite!!!!!
You refer to Susan Rice as #TyphoidMary. Makes me uncomfortable because tags a woman as a corruptive or infectious influence. Exclude women?
You are obviously partisan in your statement. Can't you even TRY to cover up the fact that you cannot control your tendency to be partisan.
R U AIDING & ABETTING TRUMP COLLUDING W/ RUSSIA AT COST OF AMERICAN INTEL LIVES SO HE CAN ENRICH HIMSELF, BLAMING A BLACK WOMAN? #Resistance
YOU OWE #SusanRice AN APOLOGY FOR YOUR IRRESPONSIBLE & SLANDER COMMENTS AIDING TRAITOR & PROVEN PATHOLOGICAL LIAR USING GOVT TO COVER 4 HIM!
Hugh hewitt, trump enabler? Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha haha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Did Trump team collude with Russia? Are you propping up a Russia puppet?
The more you talk about these distractions, the less you concern yourself with Erik Prince, Flynn & Russia. we are watching
Sen Cotton if Susan Rice is "Typhoid Mary"  Pres Trump is "Sweeney Todd" or the new Charles Manson cause he's nuts
Also, you are trash [See: @RandPaul]
You should subpoena her, we could find out the details of the illegal conversations the trump people had with Russian nationals
You're the Bates Motel of Republican foreign policy.
Wouldn't you agree that incidental collection of a Trump associate isn't the same as surveilling that person?
Wouldn't you also agree that the unmasking of a US citizen (Trump) by in a classified report remains classified and is not leaking?
The RIGHT THING TO DO is not push a vote on a #SCOTUS nominated by a #POTUS facing a federal investigation for crimes against U.S. Why rush?
You sir are wrong.  You are a woman hater and racist.  Go to jail with Trump vote blue
So is Trump the Typhoid Manny of the presidency then? You guys need to get your leadership pants on.

Your comments about Susan Rice are partisan politics at its worst. What gives you the right to tarnish her reputation with no proven facts?
If Susan Rice is the Typhoid Mary of the Obamas administration then Tom Cotton is the viral diarrhea of the Republican Psyche #Bigot
Hugh Hewitt is a joke and so are you.
What an absolute SHOCK! Someone actually was DOING their job. The GOP must be mortified at something so foreign to them! #PatheticPuppet
Tom I cannot put up with your lack of decorum in regards to Susan Rice. You don't have all the facts
if ever there were a 'Typhoid Mary', it would be your President, you dolt! That he has no honor whatsoever means nothing to you people
Why is this a story? How about you do you job on pursuing Trumps conflicts!
You promote Pizzagate too??
You're far too smart to believe what you're saying. So that means you are behaving in a most cynical and hypocritical way. Enabling Russia.
We will never forget how you committed treason. #YourLastTerm #ArrestCottonNow
on @hughhewitt show: "#SusanRice was the Typhoid Mary of the Obama Administration." #SusanRiceUnmasked #Benghazi
You know the expression "Every Dog Has Its Day"?
All talk and no action. What happened to the IRS or the Clinton email IT guy pleading the fifth. Nothing will come of this. Repub r weak
@SenTomCotton unlike you Susan Rice never send a letter to Iran Ayatollah against Prez Obama Founders would have hung you shameful traitor!
Sen. Cotton: Please unmask Trump's Russia connections instead of protecting them.  Susan Rice not the issue. #realcitizen52
@SandraTXAS @hughhewitt - Rice & Farkas are in play !
- Rice know nothing ask for nothing - but I needed to know - know what ? Who what when where how why !
I'd rather read Sputnik, at least I'd be getting better fake news.
Once again the Trumpians have shot themselves in foot
Now the REASON for unmasking members of Trump team must be revealed: Suspected Treason
Lol , ya that's it
If TS Clearance holder w SusanRice level access need Polygraph, so should she! @SenTomCotton @SandraTXAS @hughhewitt @TGowdySC @DevinNunes
Let #CIA #Polygraph #SusanRice! That's how you get to the bottom of this! @DevinNunes    @SenTomCotton @SandraTXAS @hughhewitt @TGowdySC
#CrowdStrike backtracked their report abt Russ #DNC hack.on which #FBI based BOGUS #RussianInvestigation DEMAND #FBI INVESTIGATE DNC SERVERS
"Being on Hugh Hewitt" adds to your credibility? Imagine standing again before your constituents and calling Susan Rice "Typhoid Mary!" Bad!
Wow- from the guy that was WRONG on Ebola-Iran Deal_Benghazi-Server- So Sir- What Law did she break? Did @GenFlynn request any Unmasking?
Its too bad u dont find out facts before u start calling susan rice names...dont reelect
You best look and listen first because so much if this is Trump Fake News and you may end up looking a whole bunch dumber
WTF? Why so disrespectful of Susan Rice?
Guess. Im sure her skin color is irrelevant to racist Tom
Higher standard guys, the fact either of u in no way won't or can't say "maybe she was doing her job" I don't know maybe have some integrity
U know I like both of u. But seriously how do u sleep at night? Why can't u speak ur mind as opposed to the standard dribble coming from R's
Susan Rice was the NSA. the WH is doing the leaking.If you want to look for 'muddy waters'you better start looking at Trump's administration
Lolproof please
She just gave an interview that blows you two nutjobs out of the water #tinfoilhat idiots  Can't wait for our next townhall senator
and you're on the senate intel comm. This is why we demand an independent investigation. You gaslight w/racist bs!
Are you that idiotic
Btw, I noticed you voted for DeVos. Here's a little tidbit about her traitor brother. Put him on testimony list.
Guess what, that was her job! Get a clue.
Ass as far as most of the world is concerned you REPUBLICANS ARE PROVEN LIARS JUST LIKE YOUR REJECTED CHEETOH THE FAKE PRESIDENT 
You are a pathetic excuse for any kind of Senator you and your party should be ashamed of yourselves for constantly covering this TRAITORS
She was doing her job. GOP'S problem is they their bad behavior on others to justify their actions. You are all so arrogant. Shame on you!
looks like you are fixing to become the Devin Nunes of the Senate Intel committee. Judas, you don't work for Trump
You know, it is interesting that you would choose to comment on this and yet remain silent on the actions of Nunes and 45's corrupt Admin.
This might be 5% of a story that is 95% about the Admin's collusion. Not to mention outwardly changing how we interact with Russia. Shame.
Sir we are both combat infantrymen,We both know that Bowe Bergdahl did not serve with honor & distinction, as Rice said?
Face it, it's just this week's scapegoat after Nunes stunt failed. Rice should Sue Trump & you for libel, dirtbag
no need for a tax payer sponsored witch hunt against Susan Rice, Tom. It's not like she is the GOP's competitor in 2020, pigx
Excellent interview. Honest, straight forward answers. Thank you, Sen Tom Cotton!
So you think Mike Flynn should still be in his position Senator?  You are a fool.
you feel comfortable throwing red meat lies on the likes of Hewitt radio, think only ur radical right-wing followers will notice?...wrong
congressmen/women like you is the reason the country has lost all faith in elected officials. Horrible red meat junk on Hewitt show
You should be ashamed of yourself. Conduct unbecoming of a US Senator. I hope your constituents understand this and vote you out of office.
Unmasking names who posed sig risk to US was her job. Only done if needed & needs FBI approval. Only provided to her. This is not leaking.
.@ArthurSchwartz 
TOP NOTCH
Rice should answer similar Q @hughhewitt asked @SenTomCotton: "In 3.5yrs at NSA, how many times did U ask
1/3
.@ArthurSchwartz @hughhewitt @SenTomCotton
for unmasking of US citizens?"
Follow up:
Q: "What % of these related to Trump team inquiry?"
2/3
.@ArthurSchwartz @hughhewitt 

Based on @SenTomCotton's experience:
Prediction: Rice's Trump-related unmaskings will be >50% of her total
Great interview what #SusanRice did is a crime she is on #CNN lying it up just like we expect from the dirty #demorats
Wrong, what Trump did and continues to do is a crime and what GOP is prove they hate America
Susan Rice isn't hiding and said she didn't release info to anyone. She was interviewed on MSNBC. Trumps team is running like rats.
#susanrice is distraction. She didn't do anything wrong. Wishful thinking @SenTomCotton that no evid #TrumpRussia @FBI still investigating
We expect as much from another GOP's member who is getting kickbacks and is desperately trying to cover for trump & his russian friends
Proof?
Let's talk about your role. #TrumpRussia #DoYourJob #FillYourPockets
you have made yourself known, an obvious traitor to the American ppl. You will never be president. We'll make sure
Great interview. Reinforced no evidence of Russia colluding with Trump again. (The DNC shell game) and pointed out the illegal Rice activity
Criminal prosecution of the Entire OBAMA Cabal!
Explain how this ad just so happened to come abt a few months after Trump visited the USSR as a guest of the Soviet ambassador. Wld U pls?
Listen jerk, I'm not a Democrat, but I can easily C Trump's 30 yr assn w/USSR & Russia. Expl Trump's full page, anti-NATO ad in 1987 in NYT
I'm guessing you two guys don't have any problem with these leaks.  Try harder not to be such unbelievable hypocrites! Give it a shot!
I had to take extra pain medication this morning, I live in pain every day due to my past employer.

Hey Chrissy @ChrisCuomo you should have @TomCottonAR and review @AmbassadorRice unmasking 
Fake news.
It was within her powers, it was right and legal.
Focus, Tom. Don't fall for the distraction tactics.
this is and was the Russian NARATIVE from left and some on the right trying to get rid of @realDonaldTrump.
Deflecting won't help! You are in collusion with a traitor!
that story is history tom Trump and Russia are current events ! Not to mention Trump son-in-law on the foreign trip !
@DJTJohnMiller @Trumpified_King @RealVinnieJames @POTUS @whpresscorps @SpecialKMB1969 @SoBaySD4Trump Good interview
Thank you for the interview. It is indeed a good interview. -VJ
WE hope you reps do your job and prosecute
Your the Dem FOOL TONS OF EVIDENCE NOT OUT YET
Great job, get to the bottom of the illegal use of surveillance on opponents , getting thru the Russian collusion smoke screen was key.
So glad we learned the Senator has never requested an unmasking - super relevant to nothing.
So many questions abt our IC at this time! Want to think we will always be the good guys! Nobody said anything abt SRice & her doings

Well, then she obviously was not suitable for job if she passed away within 2 years. Who was nominee?
Cassandra Butts. Cotton stated he did it because he knew it would cause President Obama personal pain.  That makes him a despicable person.
did Susan Rice "leak" any names of "unmasked?" Given concern for "leaking" who leaked her name?
Susan Rice was Nat Sec Advisor. If monitoring Russian, should she not need to know who they were talking to?
I am glad Susan Rice was doing her job
Doing her job?  Are you missing something?
Yet another Devin Nunes ... Obama is not in power
The Natural State always proud of @SenTomCotton, great representative of knowledge, wisdom & good ole common sense. Need more like him!
To make the US into an authoritarian state run by an oligarchy yay...the people will get the leadership they deserve :-(
Yep, they'll get it good and hard.
@All100Senators @hughhewitt Did he tell you it's legal to unmask those colluding with foreign agents??! Doing her job!
Attempts to distract? Now that's irony. Hell that is the DNCs M.O.
The Left will Blame Everything on Russia !
This is so much BS
Go back to watching Fox, sweety , nothing happening here
Thank Christ for Susan Rice. If I were in her place and was alerted to an infestation of Russian spies I'd want them unmasked too.
@SenTomCotton why don't you focus on the real problem?
I grow very weary of hearing about Obama. Current POTUS is held to no standards - investigating him moves too slow
Truth hurts.
You are willingly blind.
Listening!! @SenTomCotton!
