so trumpgate is Obama's fault?  You're all kinds of delusional.  Ur Bad 4 arkansas, bad 4 America.  Resign.
You're embarrassing, as embarrassing as Trump,  & that's a shit ton of embarrassing.
This literally made me laugh out loud.
Of coarse Sen Cotton it's Obama's fault! Why didn't I think of that. 2020 will not b kind to u.
you are a Trumpkin. So I guess you believe two wrongs make a right. Can't wait to vote you OUT.
When are you going to grow a pair and stand up for the American people and stop kissing the turds rear end.
You are done Tommy. AR is watching you closely.
Let us know when you're done tossing Trump's salad. You do nothing but pass blame on to someone else.
Do your job
SOooo last year, Tommy. Get with the program, man.
So wait...you're against Russian espionage? You're going to lead calls for impeachment/prosecution of Kremlin-backed Trump/Kushner/Flynn?
@JohnBoozman @rep_stevewomack again gentlemen, it's time for Action instead of words. #ImpeachTrumpPence NOW!
And you wondered why President Obama made the Russians get out of their embassy. He was doing things. You just didn't pay attention.
You're shitting me right?
Hate to ask this since he also represents me along with the Koch brothers But is he better than this? 
Doubt it
Pretty sure Obama warned us all about your Russian asset currently in the WH so....
Seriously senator stop blaming Obama & please focus on your current president before he sells the country to Russia!!
I thought Trump was insane. You've Trumped him. Obama? You need a soft bed and a Thorazine drip stuck in your arm.
Your statement is horseshit. You're enabling the destruction of this country with your inaction, and your verbal diarrhea. #resist
Change focus. Implement the President's agenda: Lower taxes, Obamacare Repeal, the Wall, and the good following will end the naysayers.
In the end, it's your team that turned a blind eye to protect the USA public, that did the damage.  History will note party over country.
When will you stop passing the buck to the prior administration?!
Heck they had Obama doing things before he even took office. It's always his fault. Shameful bunch running America today.
history will judge u not by what u did on the battle field but by what u did not do un Washington.
Seriously? This president has done everything he can to help the Russians. (I guess he owes them one) Be a leader and call POTUS out!
Then Grow some BALLS and investigate trumps espionage. HE'S the fake PRESIDENT you Elected! I can't wait 4 LAST TERM TRAITOR TOM TO GO DOWN
Come on!  I thought you were one that had honor and integrity in line with Reagan, GHW Bush and Dole.... Please rethink where you are headed
If I were you, I'd be backing away from any support of the Trump admin.  When it all falls,you will down with them otherwise. #truth
So Obama is to blame for Trump being president? Seems like you'd be patting him on the back for that. Lying hypocrite.disgrace to our state
If you think Obama "Coddled" the Russians, then what Trump is doing is breastfeeding them. No time to be a hack
Do you have a statement on the Trump administration promotion of Russian interference?
You're kidding me. Still blaming Obama, and you've got an alleged entire admin working w/& for the Russians. Are you going to crack down?
I think you mean @realDonaldTrump
Ha!  That from Commissar Cotton!!  Are you kidding me?  Have you read a newspaper in the last 12 months?
How about a statement on @POTUS  Russian connection.
Where's your statement on the Trump/Russian investigation?? Trump needs to go! #RESISTANCE #IMPEACHMENT #Trumprussia
What's you comment about Trump's support and defense of Putin?
How about you re-educate yourself on h2b labor forces rather than spewing non factual garbage on the senate floor. #saveh2b
You have got to be kidding me.  This is what you choose to speak out on?  Put your brain to good use instead of this sniveling distraction
And you should not use your intel to influence your tweets.  Clearly all kinds of evidence as you pave your pathetic defense.  
HaHaHaHaHa. Are you KIDDING?  Talk about trying to deflect.  HaHaHaHaHa
As if you and you party were ever going to assist or even support former President Obama. Hypocrisy at its finest.
Oh. My. God.
what are you doing about the espionage and treason that's happening NOW!?
Looks like you don't have a lot of support. #ItsTheClimateStupid
So what ure saying is Obama should've busted Trump long ago? He wouldn't be president now! But he tried! I don't like Repubes!
Will you issue statement on Obama admin's violation of 4th Amend rights for potentially millions of Americans?
.@SenTomCotton Time to crack down on Trump admin subversion of US security don't you think? Don't waste time on Obama era. Look at Kushner
All day long cupcake!
What about your failure to look into the corruption within Little Rock
Why is it with overwhelming proof I have , everyone turns a blind eye in Little Rock
#TraitorTom @GOP
 #Collusion #Kremlin #Russiagate #TrumpRussia #ImpeachTrump #LockThemUp #Kushner
@20committee, care to chime in?
https://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/post-partisan/wp/2015/03/13/tom-cotton-picked-apart-by-army-general-over-mutinous-iran-letter/?utm_term=.2cd26fc41342 …

#TraitorTom
So, now you intend to do more, right?
Seriously?!? Blame Obama - Blame Hillary - BLAME BLAME BLAME - that's all repubs have to say?!  Which translates in Russian to LIE LIE LIE 
PROVE IT PROVE IT PROVE IT.
You support the Russian stooge in the White House, Tom. You have ZERO credibility criticizing anybody else on Russia.
You partisan hack. If Obama coddled the Russians what is Trump doing?
So this means you'll push for impeachment if Trump is found to have colluded with Russia, right? Because you would be a hypocrite if not.
don't care about the blame issue, I care about the damage that's happening NOW!. Full independent investigation and fix it!
LOL what a fucking hack
You need to make a statement on NO more vacation time!!  GET TO WORK and HELP get the President's agenda completed!!
What agenda? You have to have ideological base to have agenda-Our Supreme Leader has patience of a flea- he can't manage an agenda
Might want to talk to McConnell about that, you eejit.
Tom, go find a life.
Ok and now that a Republican President is ALL IN on Russia, can you tell us what Republicans in Congress are doing to stop it?
@JohnBoozman @rep_stevewomack. Gentlemen, it's time to quit yakking & GET TO ACTION. #ImpeachTrump  NOW! Thanks
Hey, Tom!  Obama isn't the President anymore.  Just a heads up for ya!
