Thank you for putting Schumer in his place. Much deserved.
@SenSchumer Sen TC UR a Gr8 American/PATRIOT!Tx u 4 ur service N leadership!Empty Barrels make a lot of noise!
@willbarrett_1 @weeklystandard Shumer is a bone head !
You are maligning bones by comparing Schumer to them! They support us so well; he,simply likes to hang around on structure, doing nothing.
no saying there's nothing housed in his scull all bone no brains haha
It is going to take humor and main strength to get past people like Schumer. Please persist! Eventually, he'll become irrelevant! 
Hi! Got thru my first day of tweeting! Wow! A whole new world out there, albeit some pretty screwed up thinking! Thanks for following. Nice!
Really? Trust is Important? And ur parties "alternative facts" or as we the people call them, LIES, r ok?  Disgusting!!
"And if u like your Dr. You can keep him" "Alternative facts"
there is a difference b/n trying 2 fulfill a promise, not being successful & apologizing & bald face lie
let's go with ur line, 1 thing Obama "lied"about = to DJT lying everyday & when evidence proves lie, he lies more
Scumer is what's wrong in Congress. Stand behind Tom Cotton we need the Shumer types out and more Tom Cottons
Loved seeing you put @chuckschumer in his place  "I was getting my ass shot at in Afghanistan" priceless! 
@CarolFoster13 @weeklystandard ...Schumer has always been a mean, self-serving, lying piece of human debris...
~ l believe you thoroughly kicked his A$$. What a joke Shumer is.
. So proud to call you my Senator. Like what you said to Schumer. Thanks
Well, to be fair, Schumer is a lot like Reid. They lie even when asleep
LOVED your exchange w Schumer. Proud to call you my Senator!! oh and I love the beard too :)
Thanks Senator Cotton for all you do in advancing our national security interests: this, the Iran deal. #RLTW
Oh PLEASE. You've allowed an unstable, insecure, reactive toddler to govern. You obstructed Obama from day 1.
Thank you and thank you for your service in Afghanistan. Respect.
He made this Arkansan proud yesterday!!!
Schumer is an American. True to the constitution.
Shut up Senator Ayatollah
Remember when you delayed many of Obama's ambassadorships to inflict pain. Remember Catherine Butts? Hypocrite
sorry, Cassandra Butts
Women everywhere will come down on you like rain  if you defund Planned Parenthood.#TheResistance
Senator Schumer get on board the Trump Train.  Many of your people have left the old & in with new~
Thank you, Sen Cotton for your service & standing up !
We will remember.
Senator, good for you in your exchange w CS. He "is" Harry R, who would have ruined the USA if still the leader. Kudos to you.
You have to watch that liar, Sir. Grandstanders always carry the "long knife" of "friendship".
and you called him out on it.  God Bless You
whine away.  Do you remember what YOU did?
@momofmonday @weeklystandard Don't ever forget Schumer's word isn't worth anything! Pompeo should've been confirmed Jan. 20.
I can't stand Schumer, McCain, or Graham...among many others.
MUST READ: "Republicans: Schumer Broke His Word on Pompeo Confirmation" via @weeklystandard
Surprised? Schumer is a communist. TERM LIMITS
You verbally "kicked" Chuck the Schmuck's ass.  Hoohah!
SALUTE .
What did you expect? Democrats are full of anger and hate, they should have paid more attention to voters!
MUST READ: "McConnell Broke His Word On Rosenworcel Nomination" via http://www.politico.com/story/2016/04/harry-reid-mitch-mcconnell-supreme-court-nominee-222267 …
Cassandra Butts.
loved the way you got in Chuckie Schumer's face..keep at it!

Glad you can deal with @SenSchumer   He's scum.
here is one of many examples
Why George Soros Wants To Bring Down Donald Trump http://rgn.bz/bBu7  
he hangs with Soros son we saw-
so maybe some influence-
since #JailSoros Stated he wants to stop @POTUS
Watching #First100Days, @SenTomCotton. I kept playing over and over again your comment "I was getting my a$$..." That was great! Thank you!
Butts got filibustered b/c she was UNQUALIFIED.
Not true
How do u stomach ur hypocrisy?
Saw that on Bret Baier's show.  I am glad you got in his face.
@SenSchumer Schumer u found out Tom Cotton was defending our country 8 years ago..dwarfs anything u have done
Proud to watch you shame @SenSchumer today, citizens of Arkansas and Nation applaud you!!!!!
thank you for your service. 
Sen Schumer is such a sniveling weasel. I would expect no less from him.
You filibustered Cassandra Butts' nomination until she died of leukemia in order to cause Pres. Obama pain
Gotta love @SenTomCotton getting nose to nose w/ Schumer about his lack of integrity. That kind of fortitude is badly needed in DC.
Schumer gave his word?  Who believes that worth anything  or any other democrat for that matter. T

Please don't block grant Medicaid. Pls don't support the confirmations of Sessions or DeVos. Pls listen to your constituents.
Cassandra Butts
Doesn't it just stink when your deeds come back to haunt you.
Well, mbe POTUS shouldn't have called him a "Clown" if y'all wanted 2 work together. & stop insulting Dems
But unlikely he's doing so in an attempt at “inflicting special pain”.
Let us all pray for Cassandra Butts
Merrick Garland, Merrick Garland, Merrick Garlan, Merrick Garland, Merrick Garland, Merrick Garland, Merrick Garland, Merrick Garland...
At least he has reasons other than a personal vendetta against the president. You are a petty little man, just like Trump.

TO MUCH DRAMA IN DC. THE AMERICAN PEOPLE VOTED IT'S TIME TO TAKE BACK OUR COUNTRY. 
TIME TO LEAD.
THIS COUNTRY HAS BEEN SUBJECTED TO LAWLESSNESS 8 YRS AND PAY TO PLAY . TIME FOR REAL LEADERS TO LEAD US .
Why do you hug this group that killed americans??
You blocked Cassandra Butts for 820 days - until  she died of leukemia - because he wanted to "inflict pain" on Obama.
@SenSchumer you get more accomplished without escalation. A shouting match just limits constructive thought.
MUST MISS
cassandra butts.
proud of you for standing up and holding others accountable for their promises! Glad you were on our side 8 years ago and now.
You should be ashamed for fear mongering. Threatening us w/ terrorist attacks. If he's the man 4 the job he will b confirmed.
do you regret your cruelty to Cassandra Butts?
thank you for standing up to schemer Senator Cotton.
You filibustered Cassandra Butts who had leukemia just to cause pain and grief to duly elected President Obama
You've GOT to be kidding?!! Hypocrisy much? Lol
he's a Democrat there word means nothing only thing to remember NEVER TRUST THERE WORD.
@TheDemocrats @NancyPelosi  @SenSchumer Trust Sen. Schumer decision on Pompeo. http://aattp.org/republicans-blocked-almost-as-many-of-obamas-nominees-as-all-other-presidents-combined/ …
daddy's home Tom, be a good little boy @GOP Arkansas? Who cares...
You're a sociopath. Get help. https://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/07/opinion/an-obama-nominees-crushed-hopes.html?_r=0 …
Don't like being stymied like that, do you Senator Cotton?  Can't get "the ppl' business" done, can you?
Cassandra Butts...she lived, she waited, she died! Simply bc you didn't like her boss. & wanted to hurt him..Did you ever think about her?
Tool.
What about your treatment towards Cassandra Butts?
Repubs Need to understand. The dems and the press ARE AT WAR with them.  Fuck them
You're a spineless traitor, Cotton. It's a bold strategy. We'll see if it works out for you.
Boo weevil ya authored #47traitors, declared war on Iran / PBO's clock. You're #traitor #irandeal #fairtrade
sounds like behavior many of us associate with you.
great answer to someone who never was getting bullets shot at them @SenatorSchumer plz follow our patriot
sounds familiar, have u met Orrin Hatch?
where's ur "must read" on lies from DJT & press conference? U only care about trust from Dems, ok 4 R's 2 lie
Thank you for your service, do not trust Schumer to keep his word again.
Must read, Arkansas:
TRAITOR TOM AT IT AGAIN DISGUSTING KOCHSUCKER .
Tom go ahead and defund planned parenthood.
chuck scammer scams Americans scams Jews into believing he cares about our safety in The US and Israel
@KarenOggs @weeklystandard This is what the weak Democrats does!They strive on controversy,drawing attention to their failure!
Didn't help Pompeo announced he'd reconsider waterboarding and other torture after saying he'd abide by law.
Applause to you sir for standing up for what is right.  Too many people back down from Chuckles....
He is an ASS!
thank god. There is one republican with a spine!
so you reallyput a hold on a nominee just to spite Obama and you think you have credibility? Is lacking self awareness fun?
hypocrite
Chuck Schumer is a hero. You are a traitor.
Schumer and all Libs are unethical. Republicans must learn to fight harder
The #GOP never stops breaking their word. You're being led by the habitual liar in chief.#TheResistance
Shumer lying Dem.
Sen Cotton You and the other Repub need to shut Schumer down. This is TOO Important to fool with
not too important to not have proper debate. He'll be confirmed so no need for tears.
Make no mistake Schumer is the swamp
