Dinner must have gone very well at the WH 
Asking if he liked James Bond Movies was a joke not worthy of the serious hearings
Russia bankrolling Trump with his endeavors and then Trump denying it is most definitely not a Witch Hunt
You're absolutely right. There is 0 public evidence but there will be soon and you will still have the same opinion I'm sure.
What are you to say when it's clear that Obama, Lynch,  and HRC come out as guilty?
I will say... "Take these pills for proper sedation", and then I will proceed to shut the door to your padded cell.
You asked him what his favorite spy books were. Bravo, Sherlock.
Defend the President!
I'm not from your state but I am SO VERY PROUD there is an intelligent, VERY articulate member looking out for our nation's BEST INTEREST.
Tom Cotton is a fool. Just because Comey said he wasn't under investigation at the time didn't mean he wouldn't eventually be.
stopping by your LR office to leave a note about what a real question looks like, might bring a few friends who also want to help. #resist
Tom your intense questioning of Sessions was a dishonor to your job.  If you wanted to play games do it on your time not tax payers.Disgrace
Watched this video after watching live the other day. You're absolutely goofy.
You didn't question him, you coddled a grown man. This is serious business. He didn't disclose mtngs that weren't had b4 he worked w/ Trump.
That was a soft ball love fest--not questioning.
JUST THE BEST ..GREAT TOM COTTON>>>>>>>>>plh
You call that questioning? Good joke.
You are awesome Tom!  Now you need to get Mueller to recuse himself!
I'm going to enjoy it thoroughly when they have tapes of the dinner w/Trump & Rubio,you'll become a person of interest,schmuck. reelection
Sessions need to shut this crazy stuff going on with the FBI down! What is going on?!
Watch WHAT....you were a joke.
@TomCottonAR Russia is not our friends,  wtf!!  Why are you trying to do?  11 Intelligent agencies say Russia interfered Trumps a LAIR!.
Yes-WATCH! Watch this senator grandstand and address Dem's with such sarcastic disdain. Condescension is a form of arrogance. WATCH
You asked him about spy fiction, lol! Get real. Or are you in on the obstruction as well?
You are true American ... God bless you
YOU WERE THE BEST!!
Thank you for chasing the leaks.
Too bad u and ur leader don't care as much about Russian hacks, just covering up for ur boss
There is no hacks. Brennan is full of crap. Same tools used to claim #DPRK hacked Sony... trial run. @kimdotcom #MAGA
Said it once and will say it again! You Sir! Are a constitutional Rock Star! Thanks for asking questions that we the people have asked!
Where in the constitution do they discuss the merits of Daniel Silva and John le Carré?
Senator, Sir. Thank you for being a true "PATRIOT". You have shown true courage & integrity, for speaking TRUTH about this left wing plot
is the Dwight shrute of this committee. And the video literally gave me 0 information
Thank you @SenTomCotton! For Being on the Right Side of Sanity & truth; which seem to be in Short Supply Re: All Matters [@realDonaldTrump ]
Congress needs to back our POTUS. Get rid of special counsel
This entire investigation is a witch hunt for the Dems and should be shut down for good!
What is with the tough guy bravado act? It was just silly. Even you must realize the magnitude of this investigation. 2020 & you're gone.
You let Sessions off easy, and why, cause you put party over country – history will remember once this crap gets worked out.
Hey senator just found out that the POTUS IS IN FACT under investigation. Thought you'd like to know.
And a waste of our taxes. I would not brag about this vain display.
You didn't even allow him to answer...look at it again...you are grandstanding.
Mueller needs to recluse this investigation of what crime? It is ridiculous investigate lynch
These attacks you guys do. Are you not a senator for Americans? Listening to this is like listening to my kids bickering. Grow up. Jeez
@SenTomCotton thank you sir but I feel like our democracy is in jeopardy due to these who won't do their job for the Americans only 4 party
Maybe try reading any of the non Russian bot comments you get on Twitter. Just understand how despised you are by America. That's all I ask.
Tom you live in your own world. Don't know who runs this social media account but they must want your job because you couldn't look worse.
Good job. Thanks for serving the people of Arkansas.
I love Tom Cotton
Will this huge waste of money & time ever end or is this going to be an 8 year boondoggle?Looks bad for our lawmakers to engage in this game
Find the real criminals. ..and you all know who they are.
You were terrific. ..but, please,  the people want it over with. It's a circus. It is wasting time and taxpayer money.
And you did an excellent job, Sir.
Thank you for bringing sanity to an insane performance by Dims.
djt throws all his helpers under the bus quickly so this strategy is not a good one. #AltIdiot
@SenTomCotton is an #AltIdiot and a member of #Cult45
Your pandering questions say tons about coverup and your possible involvement. Otherwise, you would put Country before party. -35 yrs a GOP
Thanks for making him feel welcomed! All the other ones were so mean! Good use of your time talking about your fictional spycraft bookclub!
Thank you for sharing this! @RepPerlmutter would like to see similar data from the Colorado side?
Yes, I saw.  Sir, we all embarrass ourselves sometimes.  We just don't tweet about it.
Senator Cotton. You are a smart man. Thank you.
The Media spreading Hate, Hollywood spreading Hate speeches, hate tv & hate movies, politicians spreading Lies & hate.They are responsible
Wouldn't that be like Hitler questioning people at the Nuremberg trials, Tehran Tom?
Loved it!  So much fun and really to truth of the matter. It's getting so old with fake investigations!
Why didn't you ask him how often our government attempts to influence foreign elections?
Great question..I've read that it happens all the time from all corners of the world..
Have you actually practiced law? Kamala showed how a prosecutor asks questions. You could have learned something. Not great legal skills 4U
It seemed like you helped him to dissemble. You are betraying your oath of office and Arkansas. I'm very disappointed but in you.
No you didn't you fed him lines that he agreed to . Your a traitor
Comrade Tom you were a shame in your questioning, isn't Russian screwing with out election more important than you're political ambitions
Is this the part where you said Russian collusion couldn't have happened because it wasn't like in the movies? Yeah, you're dumb
You indulged in monologues, Senator
No you didn't
No - you just asked softball questions & tried to make him giggle
You were the rock star at that hearing! Thanks for speaking for millions of americans!
Thank you. What's wrong with your @GOP colleagues? Today @DNC going after @realDonaldTrump You, @VP & other Reps are next on their hit list.
Not sure if you know this or not but he is under investigation...now
We saw your questioning of the AG. You acted like an immature fool! When will people like you take the Russian interference seriously?
Excellent questions. Wish they would listen to you?
You didn't try to get to the truth because you're obviously cool with Russian interfering
This how you do it:  "I’m not able to be rushed this fast,” Mr. Sessions said to Ms. Harris. “It makes me nervous.”
"Questioned"
You Rube - quit eating roadkill & marrying your relatives
was awesome!! Thank u for wrangling in this circus! It's so embarrassing for ,the  is watching! Putin is lol at us.Plez get GOP behind DT
Met My Mustard test.
Yeah and you were kissing his ass
YOU CALLED IT OUT FOR WHAT THIS RUSSIA INVESTIGATION IS ALL ABOUT THANK YOU      @POTUS  @TheJusticeDept
I loved your questioning of AG Sessions. I wish more republicans had your courage to call this attack on AG Sessions what it is, Nothing ♡
you kissed his ass SOOOOO hard!!!
"questioned?" Does this have the same meaning as "held his hair back while he hurled into toilet?"
Thank you the only feedback would be why he answered no questions I just can't support a rep who doesn't care about that
You rank leaks above obstruction of justice and treason? 

You are SUCH a partyman.
You must have a hard time breathing with your head up #TrumpObstructed ... well you can figure it out
You didn't question him, you pandered to @realDonaldTrump. How about really trying to find out what happened during the election? #Hypocrite

Did U and AG come up with that dog and pony act all by yourselves? Sorry, but Russia investigation is real and jokes won't make it go away.
I didn't see you inquire about Trump leaking *highly classified* info to the Russians in the Oval with only media allowed in.
Trump is going down & u are going down with him. Enjoy the trip!
Why aren't the Democrats/Hillary being question about the Russian scandal.
I'd sooner kiss a pig than watch your performance again.  Are you as racist as Sessions?
Great job comrade Cottonski!
@JohnCornyn I want INVESTIGATION of POTUS stopped! It is obviously a hateful, meritless attempt to knee-cap him/halt #MAGA
Even Nixon had 22% approval when he had to resign :-D
Too little, too late!  You are all going to pay for your deciete
Party over country. You should be under investigation too! #ComeyDay #trumprussia #bigly
I saw you John you let Texas down again.kinky Friedman and willie stoned could do a better job.
Leaks talking point - Check
You're an embarrassment.
@JohnCornyn that wasn't questioning, that was a circle jerk #partyoftwo
Hard to believe you're hiding behind this lame ass shit John. Not surprising. Is there any length you won't go to cover for DT? Embarrassing
More like practiced grandstanding than questioning, any questions were just setups to let Sessions have his say.  Pre-Planned with Sessions
Public kept in dark so much so that LEAKS become PUBLIC informer.By the way every GOV faced  leaks one way other.
SorosSecretSociety funded w/TAXPAYER$ called OpenWorldLeadership~USCode1151 Running DeepState>>>http://openjurist.org/title-2/us-code/section-1151 … @rushlimbaugh @circa
No, those weren't questions. That was grandstanding.
Not the question. You specify collude in hacking emails. Real question is did they know of hack and offer to drop sanctions?  #UKnewThat
If you were a defense attorney, we would all be in deep 
It was the best!  I listened while driving and I must I'm very proud to have such a smart dude from my state there.  Made them look stupid!
You represented Mr. Sessions very well!  It must have been refreshing for him to hear your COMPLETE & FULL party loyalty! #MAGA
Why didn't you ask if anyone in the Trump Campaign or WH colluded  WITH Russians in any attempt to affect the outcome of the election?
Isn't it time Hillary Clinton was questioned about the thousands of times she committed acts of obstruction of justice? Every missing email.
Each destroyed email and each destroyed phone would represent a separate count of obstruction of justice. ITS TIME TO MAKE HER ACCOUNTABLE.
What's your amazing conclusion?Anymore light on the subject?Did he have recall hearing your boyish sexy voice?Did you prescribe for amnesia?
What a sad excuse for 'questioning'. I thought you wanted truth
@jeremygibson54 

Why investigate Trump w the evidence against Clinton? Scam here! Is it a Payoff? Threat?
Tom I would say you definitely have your act together and I am very proud of you as a Louisiana native
Keep up the great work Sen. Cotton
I saw and realized that I was watching our future Mr. President Elect!!
Truth.
"Questioned" is probably not the word you were looking for. But, you were on @FullFrontalSamB last night!!  Way to go!
Not a witch hunt. Can you question someone on the secret healthcare bill?  We want to see it before it passed.
No, you didn't.  You were grandstanding.
You did an awesome job! Thank you for all you do.
U keep reposting and I'll keep asking, why u didn't ask about his golfing w/Trump? RU jealous w/questions like this you'll get there. U will
Awesome!!!
Were you one of the Lunch Bunch that went to get talking points and stalling tactics from the WH? Did they let you take pictures? #complicit
he might not have been part of Lunch Bunch, but he & @marcorubio had dinner w/trump the Monday before Comey testified. #complicit indeed.
It was excellent! Thank you for your service!
@HillaryClinton, @AGLynch, @JamesComeyFBI and others need to be investigated. Or is it true, the privileged are above the law
Rock on Sen Cotton. You sir are a rock star!! Hammer hit nail on the head. Dead on!!
Now, if a few OTHER Republicans could find their testicles, this mess would be over.
Once again, saw it the first time. Still not impressed.
And you sounded like a pompus ass.
I don't know what the President promised you at that dinner but I thought at one point you were going to blow Sessions a kiss. #DoYourJob
Well said!!
Thank you!
also could u explain to huckabee Ag works for the people not donald
You are da man!!!
did u ask him why he is attacking medical marijuana in your state?
Please continue to be a warrior for America !!!
Questioned? What spy movies you like? Screw you
Your questioning of AG Sessions was the best I've seen yet. You really nailed how obsurd all this is.
You should be ashamed at what you did. Truth will out.
Great job!! I do not believe anyone asked sessions if POTUS asked everyone to leave like MSM is saying. I heard meeting was adj Comey stayed
And you were the only one that I saw with any balls,excuse my language
You minimized the whole affair.
No you didn't - you asked him if he like Bond movies. Smear all you want but there's an ongoing investigation so details are not public yet.
You did not question him! You cracked some stupid joke! This is a serious matter and I would  expect the Sen. from my state to be serious!
And you did a lousy job of it.  Covering up felony crimes will not look good during your next election.  I'd delete the vid if I were you
Hmmmmm, would we say "questioned" or "rolled over?"
If you consider that questioning you should consider going back to school! It was a partisan joke!
And it was incredibly awkward to watch.
The sad thing is..he wants us to watch it again!
God, no more.  He's my senator... I apologize for Arkansans; truly, I do.
I understand. Paul Ryan is mine. 
According to the birdcage lining rag WaPo, FIVE different traitors leaked info for Mueller last night. Who will u question about that?
Thank you @SenTomCotton for bringing this topic up
I commend you Mr. Cotton for being the Common Sense Adult in the hearing. Bravo !
I'm telling you what, best line of questioning in any hearing EVER. Now if only the other side had been paying attention. 
We love u Senator Cotton!!!
Thank You Senator. This baseless witch hunt has to stop. We are tired of this obstructionism. We didn't elect lawmakers to waste time. 
YOU'RE THE MAN OF THE HOUR! TY 4 standing up against this outrageous tyranny 2 overthrow our REPUBLIC. PLS CONTINUE
So, When is the Senate Intel Committee going to investigate classified leaks, and unmasking ID's of US citizens?
We MUST stand up against the corruption in our GOVT. They're planning on overthrowing our pres who was duly elected
don't question them just tie all the crooks up lol
To believe the russia hacking story you need enough foil for the biggest sombrero ever made. Or you could just be lying as means to an end
By far my favorite part of the hearing! Thanks for being real @SenTomCotton
@Sen Tom Cotton Thank you for showing respect to AG Sessions!He should NOT have been subjected to the likes of Wyden & Kamala Harris..
BecUse no one should have to answer questions? He is not above the law.
The HIGHLIGHT of my day!
Well done Senator, well done.
Yeah, we saw it. 

You can't really call that "questioning."
I applaud you 
So good
Every time I hear you speak, my hope for this country is bolstered.  Keep up the good work and sound thinking
Someone needs to find out why the FBI never bothered to look at DNC or DCCC servers themselves on something with international implications.
A FANTASTIC line of questioning by @SenTomCotton. It focused on THE underlying issues that related to Gen. Sessions. Untouched by all Dems!
Best questioning ever! Case needs to be closed! 
Saw it, really cutting edge. 
Have you questioned the President about leaks yet?
lol which kind?
While the Dems have you guys tied up in committees the @GOP agenda is stuck in the swamp neck deep and sinking, 18 disaster looms and it's 
Thank you for your truthful and concise handling of this ridiculous situation!
God bless you @SenTomCotton, if only 5 more Republicans have half of your courage & common sense, we wouldn't have this type of Chaos today.
The American people know freedom...we won't sit down & let it be taken away. Add 20 more traitor Republicans & it still won't matter.
Another cotton photo opportunities.  You are the stain on this country.
You pointed out how imbeciles waste our tax dollars. Now think of a way to make them do some real work
Thank you!
Great day! Please stop this witch hunt
Why don't you push for a Clinton Obama NSA spying investigation
Neither of them are the president...
Thank God for you and @SenatorLankford. That was EPIC!!! 
