Sounds pretty, and I like it. But I can't help thinking that your RAISE act does the opposite of what you preach here.
Do NOT trust a thing TCotton says.  Liar & bad bad guy. Sold Arkansas out and has never looked back. Would gladly do the same to our nation.
And works with Sessions
The entire GOP is complicit in his crimes. They're white supremacists &nazis They ALL have got to GO! #TheResistance #ResistanceGrandmas
Lumping millions of people together & calling them racist is weak. "Resist" all u want but u need something more than name calling to win.
That's simply not true. I have a house in Croatia, my partner is from the region and I have spent prolonged time throughout the region.
There is no noticeable animosity between the countries. One small group started that war. Trade flows freely and relationships are fine.
For example, I can confidently state that the Serbs and Croats have a better relationship than we have with a single country.
Riiiight. Is that why we still have a NATO mission keeping the peace in Kosovo?
Well I was in the driving range at Llapnasellë 7 weeks ago with 4 officers and 9 NCO's; they have no idea why they are still there.
When and where were you last time in the Balkans? Here is my vacation home in Rijeka. Feel free to post pics 
Beautiful scenery doesn't mean there isn't a 2000 year history of hate-filled violence. Has Kosovo taken down the secret police statue yet?
You keep saying 2,000 years of hate? Are you saying the officers are lying?
#ImpeachTrump
Condemn the President BY NAME!! Your country is depending on you.
Great, pretty words.  Now what are you going to do about him? #25thAmendmentNow #ImpeachTrump #FireBannonMillerGorka #25thAmendmentNow
Hey Tom What do you call a guy who can fire a Nazi but won't? You call them God Damn Nazis #Gotnazis ?
Looks like you're gonna be super screwed if you don't completely disavow any connections to Trump. No god can save him now.
#UniteTheRight had a LEGAL permit to conduct its PEACEFUL assembly. They had THEIR civil rights violated by the state.
And if you actually knew what you were talking you'd know that the Naturalization Act of 1790 explicitly granted citizenship to Whites only.
I'm not worried about the overt poor racist. It's the institutional covert system of white supremacy that must be dismantled
Still feeling good about hitching your political wagon to @POTUS?
Bending over backwards to appease dems who will never vote for you anyway is never a good idea.
#FightSupremacy Arkansasans only hate LSU #razorbacks
You own this. Stand by your president now and you are are no better than he is. I'm so ashamed of our country right now.
Hey Tom BLM is racist hate group that obama supported how about calling that out also 
Don't forget to call out ANTIFA.  Soros /Hillary radical hate groups.  Don't forget to call them out also. 
I think you misspelled ANTIFA & BLM people start pushing back that is why BLM & Antifa should of been shut down 2 wrongs don't make a right
I ask you to move forward with impeaching the President. I may not agree w/ Pense but at least I know he's sane and a " real" Christian.
Cool. Nice words. How about backing it up with action re: your president, who's pretty ok with these 'contemptible little men.'
Talk is cheap. Articles of Impeachment far more eloquent. Oh wait, you're his devoted slave.
The racist card the Den. Have used for years just get your job done and vote for tax reform
Caution..Selective indignation for one hate group is to support another..BOTH sides came to #Charlottesville to meet in the gutter.!
You failed to name Fuhrer tRump. The enabler in Chief of the White Supremacist movement. 
PS. Your Balkan statement is wrong, and ignorant.

Congress. At minimum, censure DJT. Your conscience and country require action
That's it? Not good enough! The voters are waiting for you to join the @GOP & DENOUNCE @realDonaldTrump support of Racism! VOTERS WAITING
It's not enough to proclaim there is a problem. A true leader would decisively deal with the issue. Please stop Trump.
Do not take away our history instead go get taxes done and get rid of Obama care go to work
We have "these contemptible little men" in our White House today. The press conf today showed the true character of 45 admin. They must go.
Sir- Really? is that all you got?  Can't find the words- Try These- Mr. President- we have no room for RACISTS in our Government- #cowardice
Senator "your America" isn't so unique..in fact it's the norm...but aren't you busy denying healthcare to millions? Much work to do Tommy...
But still, you are a toady for this guy
Trump: “You had a group on one side that was bad, and you had a group on the other side that was also very violent” 
where were the natural rights of all mankind for the native americans? what about trayvon martin? emmett till? medgar evers?
"founding recognition rights of all mankind" and most of the men who wrote that "recognition" owned other human beings because of their race
the balkans have done stuff to one another but let's not act like america was some great beacon while slavery and segregation have existed
 how come the balkans have never enslaved another race then? how come serbia has the first openly gay prime minister?
Shame your party can't get past "America First! Build the wall! ALL lives matter. Both Sides!" mentality. White Christian terrorists. Say it
This rebel memorial is in Bentonville. Back up your hollow, perfumed words with action & bring this down, unless u r just another GOP liar
Hole-EEE shit. I agree with tom fucking cotton. we are indeed in bizaro world
Get this straight: @POTUS spoke against VIOLENCE in #Charlottesville. People have right to speak out against removal of historical symbols.
I appreciate your bold words. We must all condemn white supremacy & its evil upon our nation.
Knock it out Senator Cotton!  So good to hear from you.  Wishing you safe travels.
I applaud this statement, and hope actions will follow (like making democracy easier...not harder with strategic voting restrictions).
Wow. When did you grow a pair?
Senator, you betray America by speaking hollow words and still supporting Trump.  Do something or shut up.
Trump refuses to agree with you, instead uses dog whistle to hate groups know he supports them with his dog whistle silence. Impeach him!
If black genocide were happening in Africa, it is wrong. White genocide is ok here and europe?
Thank you Mr Cotton... (and Brandel, duly noted)
Why won't you call out @realDonaldTrump for not condemning white supremacists??
Bold words Cotton.
Thank you,Senator Cotton for this strong statement. Perhaps President  Trump will  be inspired to follow suit.
You lie.  Your actions in the House clearly demonstrate you believe the opposite.  Grammar and vocabulary - B+.  Honesty - F.
Let's hear you call out the Pepe supporters in the WH. But your statement is a start.
Words mean nothing if your actions don't support it. Your actions of support for this President who fueled the fire speaks more loudly.
That sounds nice. Do you think you could extend that to all people in all countries?
It is not yet too late for you to DO something about Trump. But if you don't do more, you will live in infamy.
This is a fine statement, but you consistently vote with Trump. You voted for Sessions.
I very seldom agree with you but in this, I do. However, your past actions make me doubt your sincerity.
Until your party disavows the Nazi sympathizer in the White House, feel free to use your new logo
By "these contemptible little men" I assume you are including @realDonaldTrump ? Who refuses to condemn and equivocated about Nazism?
THEN DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT, TOM!!!!!
Well said. Thank you.
Senator Cotton, while I disagree with you on several topics and occasions, on this I agree. Now impeach Trump before further damage is done.

Grow a pair. Condemn 45 for not condemning the perpetrators and stop supporting his agenda. You're part of the problem by enabling him.
Now do Antifa and BLM
As long as Trump is in the white house you are complicit
Why won't you stand up to Trump?
Tell your dear leader this and demand accountability. Not holding my breath
Senator Cotton can you denounce the Antifa that was there as well.  All forms of violence is ugly and should not be overlooked.
Well stated, thanks.
what? I can't hear you over the dog whistle you have been blowing for years.
This is your president, you're a supporter of a racist bigot who courts nazis. I don't believe your words for 1 second! You own it!
Tom, you can make anti-hatred statements all day long! But you, @GOP are GUILTY by support of @POTUS exclusion agenda; hate in @WhiteHouse!
You finally got there Sen.Cotton we know why you came dragging and kicking we already knew we saw how you treated the first BLACK PRESIDENT
Your whole party thrives on racism so your easy condemnation of Nazis rings hollow
So Tom, when will stop supporting the white supremacist president, and his claque: Bannon, Miller, and Gorka? Asking for millions of people
Figures you would be in a racist area You ready to impeach Trumo yet ? Or do you need to order your white hood too
Not too shabby @SenTomCotton! I am impressed. Way to have a backbone.
@SenTomCotton Thank you for your condemnation of nazism.
Just words, Senator.  Are you calling for an investigation by Congress? And WH involvement by Miller, Gorka or Bannon?
Thank you. Please condemn the president's lack of moral leadership. If there ever was a time we need it now
Really? So what was the cut to legal immigration last week about? Choose a side
Great statement. Now America needs you to back it up with action.
"natural rights"?
No way! you don't get to condemn this and support a bill that makes immigrants learn English and cuts the numbers that can come here. Shame!
I disagree with you on most issues but appreciate this clear statement on this weekends events.
OK, good, but then demand that Bannon and Gorka leave the White House.
Thank you. Vote NO on racist nominees. Damien Schiff. UDSA chief scientist. Words aren't enough. Action matter.
Thank you @SenTomCotton for communicating #YourTruthTheTruthThousands of miles away from...
America the Beautiful
Stand up 4 what is right & good abt our great country! Stop supporting Trump's divisive,  hurtful agenda. Stand with/for America not party.
You put Neo-Nazis in charge of Ukraine and now you want to arm them too. But you don't want them in America?
Thank you Senator.  Please confront this vileness in the @WhiteHouse too.
Hmm. Take America back. Sounds a lot like make america great again. Must be calling trump a tiny little man
If your denial of racism & Nazis doesn't include removing @realDonaldTrump & pet Nazis from WH you're blowing hot air #ImpeachTrumpNow
There is a name for those who say preach one thing and acts completely opposite! Dear Sen, please check your voting records. You'll know.
Very, very well said. Thank you sir.
How do you square this statement with the fact that our founding fathers limited citizenship to white folks?
So instead of posting tidy little statements, how about demand impeachment for the nationalist n the oval office?
Put your money where your mouth is and impeach the Nazi-enabling bastard in the White House.
Well-stated
Senator, unless you speak out AGAINST @POTUS, this is for naught.
Your statement, while right, doesn't excuse previous guilt by association.
Your statement is lovely, but you're still collaborating with Trump to hurt women, minorities, the poor, the sick and uninsured.
@chambleebrandel that "founding recognition" line sounds good but forgets America's original sin, big guy.
Does anyone really care about his statement or what he thinks?  Seriously.
"Take America Back" was 45s battle cry.  He called on the dogs and the GOP is now sleeping with them.  Shame on you.
Bannon Gorka Miller must go. Trump is a coward and will not say what is really is. Evil people and Trump will not stand up to them
These are your party's people
You have promoted hate by agreeing with trumps agenda.
And nothing about the Alt-Right and Nazis in the WH? Demand immediate removal of Bannon, Gorka & Miller or your words are flaccid & useless.
Rations and healthcare to let them starve or refuse treatment. Was first Nazi policy I noticed. Sure there were others before. @GOP =death
It was T4 policy to outright exterminate "useless eaters" or ppl who were "life undeserving of life", or if means were unavailable, cut
Ppl please look up Aktion T4. It's the systematic precursor to holocaust. It's the same HC bill, same premise. Cut in social safety nets
Nice statement. You actions and ideology prove your own support for white supremacy.

How about not supporting 45s HC proposal. We've seen it before. Cutting safety nets & HC for disabled, sick, elderly. Makes you a Nazi too
Agreed. Are U going to name & condemn the extremist leftists who have been physically attacking @realDonaldTrump supporters for two years?
We don't need statements ...We need ACTION!! Follow the Money Cotton on both sides!
BannonBuddies claim whites 1 this land by 4ce & they're taking it back. NewsFlash,another set of whites sh!tPumped U then shared it w/others
You are a complicit coward for not impeaching our Nazi president. And you know it.
You been to Harrison lately? If you don't like racism, please actually do something about it.
Powerful & appropriate words, but the legislation that you vote for says otherwise.    I measure your character by your votes, not your word
Your support of the RAISE act tells me that you have no credibility on this
If you're condemning them all then great
"White supremacists who claim to take America back" was @realDonaldTrump 's campaign slogan, so stop. You are complicit in this.
Your actions belie your words. You are not credible.
Traitor
Israeli prostitut
Nice words spoken by a clueless racist hypocrite.
That 2020 positioning

Go get your hood Tom, you are one of them too.
Great. Now say something about the man empowering them right now. Anything
It's weird you would say tweet/retweet this because both of you promote racist policies and laws that directly encourage white supremacists.
You're better than Trump, but that doesn't mean you're a good person.
wow. Ill remember this statement.
You have been ok with Bannon on NSC and Miller and Gorka speaking for America.  Do something to match these words.
Trump=Nazi and that makes YOU a Nazi supporter! Your words are hollow & meaningless. History isn't going to be kind to you Trump supporters!
Funny, your party has been all about this since Nixon's Southern Strategy. You and your freak-show of a party, headed by Trump own this.
can you idiots for a minute take a step back and just look at how the violence started?
Official business?  Getting your check from Putin?
Hey Tom.   Did you notice they are dressed like your Donald?  If you support him you support our MAGA Nazis
This is some typical nonsense that people like to pretend makes sense.  These people just dont think erasing history doesnt change it.
I rarely if ever agree with you, but this is well said.
How do you betray your own ignorance?  Please someone explain this to me.  Ignorance happens when you dont know something.
Words are meaningless without action Mr Cotton
How is that blood on your hands?  You are complicit.  Repent, look for forgiveness by kicking out the nazi in the WH
@SenTomCotton, the Republican Party is complicit in the hatred in VA.  GOP politics cause harm to the poor and non-white citizens.
@TomCottonAR  You're either an American or You're a Trump Supporter. Choose!
I'll believe you when you sponsor legislation aimed at curbing their racist activities
So then you'll be fighting to restore the Voting Rights Act?
Thanks. Now tell that to the President and his staff picks: Bannon, Miller, and Gorka. Until the GOP resolves this, the #GOPisComplicit.
My family fought Nazis in WWIi. You endorsed them to run our country. Shame on you and the @GOP.
Speaking of natural rights: This means you & @GOP will stop rigging, suppressing, & otherwise denying fellow citizens their voting rights?
Where is your statement condemning Anitfa and Black Lives Matter as well?
Those engaging in violence should face to fullest extent of the law.  Simply being a white supremacist is protected under the 1st amendment
You're still complicit.
Welcome to the 2020 Republican Primary, Captain Cotton.
We expect you will take action when you return, @SenTomCotton.You need to hold president & your party accountable.Publically and repeatedly.
I look forward to hearing what concrete & specific policy solutions you propose, esp. as regards supporting the DoJ's civil right division.
Oh dude, he's SUPER racist in his policy positions. He's too busy prepping for a run for president to answer Qs. #AnnoyedConstituent
Thank you! That's exactly right. Exactly what he's doing!
you should also speak against Antifa and Black Lives Matter racist and terrorist groups. Why have you been silent about them?
@baseballcrank Did I miss his statement about Antifa and BLM?
Nice to see you on the correct side of the argument for once.
They are in the White House #BannonMillerGorkaMustGo #ImpeachTrumpNow
While it's good you came out against Nazism, it's invalid unless you do something as an elected official
Still displeased w u disrespecting Senate Intel Committee w spy movie jokes. That investigation dead serious. But this was good repudiation.
Talk is cheap. Do something, senator.
Ok Senator prove it...you and other GOP Senators should tell Trump.."we refuse to support your agenda" until the racists are out
I'm all for that.
Actions speak louder than words, Tom.
