
Trumps cronies are getting richer by the day follow the money and you understand why Republicans are voting with Trump and his sick ideology
Russia is finding the GOP can be bought cheap

You, Senator, are precisely what's wrong with Washington today. Lies, finger-pointing and partisan politics. Go home and don't come back.
You blew it, bad timing to step out with that bigoted nonsense yesterday, and pathetic try to blame President Obama today. You're over.
Those immigrants are not taking job from Americans, Americans won't do those jobs and u know it. Stop with the propaganda
And you just blamed Vlad and Obama for the Russian mess but not Trump ..how much is Papa Vlad paying you? #RussianAgent #TomHatesAmerica
Republicans are always right. Didn't ya know? -
Ahhhh yes I forgot its all fake ..the repubs are always right 
Tom Cotton. Ugh
Jake how many of #DespicableDonald's sycophants will you bring before us?
Why your very 2faced to your constituents,you should protect Arkansas people not throw them under the bus .....son
You look really petty when you keep blaming Obama...you run the WH, House, & Senate & you still can't do anything but disrupt & cause chaos
Ur awful supporting discriminatory law against immigrants. Hope we best u in next election. How do u sleep at night.
Wow 5 million from the Koch brothers ..is that a bribe?

What a putz bringing in Obama into the conversation on Russia. Pack your bags. You are out of touch
Probably wasn't a good idea to promote this. How does it feel to be on a sinking ship. #shill
Why are you posing & for who?
No matter how hard you try. You will LOSE! We will break down what ever wall you build. We will overturn whatever bill you write. #RacistAct


He's interviewing Cotton and has to keep the questions simple so Cotton doesn't get confused.
Are you finally going to admit that you are a racist?

Come to pa and watch for meat packing .
Now we get medical residents who never had a job , now it like romper room . Cause you can't live working in mcdonalds it for kids
@SenTomCotton of Arkansas,the your mom and dad are aunt & nephew state.
Failing infrastructure ,schools, military ,healthcare . When Obama, too office unemployment was 7% he left 14% . I'm including u6 number
What a political SHILL for @POTUS. Can't even stick up for himself/colleagues after trump's attack tweet. Weak, spineless. TIME TO STAND UP!
Your non action concerning POTUS  makes you complicit in his treason
Well tapper, current immigration caused 20 trillion debt ,60 percent of entitlements ,kicking off seniors from free HEalthcare
YOU CAN BLAME OBAMA ALL THAT YOU WANT, BUT ONE THING IS FOR SURE; OBAMA NEVER TOOK RUSSIAN MONEY!

We will defeat your unAmerican immigration policy. This is a good read:
Which senator not willing to discuss this topic, is corrupt and lining their pockets
Nope
Are going to betray our POTUS too
Betrayal is Trumps MO.
Sorry Senator but I will not watch or endorse FAKE JAKE and the FAKE NEWS NETWORK.  You should have hitched a ride with @POTUS to WV! #MAGA
Damn too bad I will miss it because I do not watch #CNN and particularly #JakeTapper. 
Nope.  Not until you stop doing "serious face."
Why are you wasting energy and time with the #AntiAmerican #fakenewspropaganda #enemyofthepeople ?
You are confused. Cotton will be on FOX later.
Wow!  You've had a long day,
Ugh....do your job and that isn't hurting businesses and immigrants in one blow.
It's unfair if u don't protect d Legal Immigrants who r already in line frm several years in EB-2 n 3. U can give few points per year 4 dose
Excellent thanks for picking a reputable news source to discuss RAISE Act
Good luck trying to sell your RACIST Act.  America deserves better than snake oil politicians like you!
FYI Iran is trying to smuggle Iranians into the UK
Sorry...nope to CNN
Already covered Fox News for those who seek Trump-based reporting
Jake Tapper : that explain a-lot about why you turn a blind eye to corruption
Also the same guy who is surrounded by rampant pedophilia.. a total globalist.
No thanks, racist!

domestic terrorists  
Just my luck that we don't vote until 2020 to get him out of Arkansas as a representative..

Racist
Vaya con Dios!


