No, it's not. Stay the %#&* out, Senator. Just stop. Quit playing Caesar.
No, it's really not. Focus on securing our own borders, not helping John McCain's terrorist friends.
@TomCotton @SenateGOP @SenateDems @Congress Plz secure #OurBorders before it's 2 late
Did you learn absolutely nothing from ousting Gaddafi? You're destroying Europe. Do you even care?
JUST HELP THE CHRISTIANS GET OUT AND LET THE MUSLIMS SORT IT OUT.
I will NOT support the USA going to war for Iran.
Assad had NO REASON to do the nerve gas now! John McCain wants us at war stick with Rand Paul we don't need war! Globalist want War we don't
and please cheaper healthcare for the true middle class and people below that and in poverty.  Greed is killing this country
Because that sort of thing worked so well in Libya.
Tom your wrong. This is a FALSE flag. Trump has spoken 2 weeks ago to the Assad Regime and they were going to work it out he had no reason..
Assad will not go without a fight. He is a dictator.
@Mathiasian @SenTomCotton Tom Cotton is the best! Who is polling Infinite8? Most be a socialist commie anarchist Democrat!
Look through my tweets and you'll see that I'm the opposite of what you accuse me of. Neocohens/Israel firsters are the enemy. Not me.
I'm 36 and pretty healthy and pay over $250 month for corporate employer insurance.  We can do better than that. And I'm lucky
I REALLY wish the USA would stop deciding, by military force, who should lead countries. Let the Syrians decide!!
Americans do not want to be sent off to die in another foreign war in the Middle East. Syrians can fight their own war. Terrible policy.
You believe in stronger policy, but won't allow any refugees in your state  When you speak, shit comes out of your mouth.
What do you recommend Senator Cotton?
No. You're good on immigration - stick to that. Sanctions, drones and propaganda should be the extent of American intervention. No more.
No more Middle Eastern wars Senator.  We've nearly bankrupted our country and lost thousands of lives. Pressure the Saudis for a solution.
NO MORE REGIME CHANGES!!!!
I realize you know more on this, but if we do, who picks his replacement? Is that person better?
Abosolutely not! We removed Hussein, look at Iraq, helped topple Gaddafi and look at Libya. Strongmen needed to hold back violent Muslims
This is all Obama's fault right? come on man.
From2013Trump gaveObama nonstop advice onSyria:Don't attackSyria.Then turnsaround&criticises"red line" Knowing somuch whyis admin
a failure?
Hi I'm running for POTUS, I comment on everything!
Another country engaged in chemical warfare against Lebanon a few years ago & everyone in US was muzzled. It wasn't kosher to say anything!!
We know someone else who needs to "depart". A "know it all" when it concerns everyone else except himself.
it's time to not jump the gun....we're not even sure it was Assad
How about American children. No I'm not cold, just tied of you all caring more about people that hate us, then you do about US Citizens
Last time a dictator was removed in Iraq and Libya,  terrorist moved in. How about Egypt when the brotherhood briefly took over.
Really?who stole the chemical weapons in Iraq? What does,Assad have to gain, he had the upper hand. ..
THEN WHAT??????
NO. We will not let you and your friends get us into WWIII.
NO MORE REGIME CHANGE!! HAVEN'T WE LEARNED ANYTHING FROM IRAQ? ARABS DON'T WANT DEMOCRACY. THEY WANT SHARIA LAW.
departure ASAP , Trump needs to step up and do the right thing now !
Write Assad a stern letter, Tom. That's all it takes. Worked on Iran, right?
Assad to be replaced by whom? Been there, done that. Next guy worse and in Middle East this isn't a stretch
Ah gee, you think. When will republicans ever understand that Obama was right about a lot of things?
We did not vote for war. We do not want war. We do not want OUR children sent to die in war.
Talk to your boss.  He thinks it's time to blame Obama rather than show what leadership is actually supposed to look like. Utterly bizarre.
Deja vu.   Remember when the public united to oppose Obama on this line.   It will happen again with you queers.
tell the current administration that.
No more Middle East wars!
not what your master, @POTUS thinks. Better get in line or you'll be "primaried"
"We the people" still await the first shred of evidence
Name a Trump-Russia "tie"
These are not Russian ties, the only thing connecting these people to Russia or Trump is innuendo and bluster
get lost, warmonger
It was nice of Arkansas voters to vote for a "special" person like you go to DC, but you need to let your non-inbred colleagues handle this.
The only way that works is with total war. And there's no way we can do that without involving Russia. That means that option isn't viable
It is time for Assad to PAY for the Hitlerian approach to his Solution. Russia should also be involved with more sanctions on THEM!
Departure?  If by that you mean put him in someone's #Crosshairs then YES
Another pencil-neck wanting to repeat Iraq, Libya mistakes ...
Safe Zones with help from friendly ME Countries....US doesn't need to get bogged down..in another ME conflict...remember IRAQ WAR 15yrsmess
Is it really our job to choose leader's of other countries? Removing Saddam...turn out to be a bigger mess....I am for safe zones..not war
Priorities of your constituents:

1. Economy
2. Immigration

.....

6,000,000. Ba'athist warlords
You're wrong on this one Sen. Cotton.  Neocon adventures were opposed in the last 3 presidential elections.

Absolutely not, Tom!

Are you out of your mind?
Why don't you just invade and occupy the entire Middle East while you're at it?
...just sayin
You're contradicting your commander in chief, Tom. If you stand with the Trump regime, you stand with Assad. This is who you are now.
Look at the #Resistance, kicking and screaming for another pointless war, why on earth did you ever oppose Bush?
No. NO NO NO. We need to stop fighting wars in the ME.

Stop this cycle.
If we want Assad's departure it HAS to start in Russia. Putin is standing Assad up and BOTH MUST GO!
Quit with the damn regime change it doesn't work.
no. Libya is a mess. We want stability not chaos. Europe is being overrun.
Sen. Cotton, no thank you.  Have we not learned to stay out of that region yet?  We remove Assad and then what?  No thank you.
They, and Christians in general, were safer under Assad in Syria. Why must the whole planet be sacrificed for globalist ambition?!
And then what? How did regime-change work out in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya? Time to get out of the nation-building business.
Hello, Senator Cotton's intern? Is this thing on? (tap, tap)
Senator Cotton has served in the military. He is an American hero. You can't take that from him.
