Remember when you refused to vote on a confirmation and the nominee died? Arkansas does. @SenTomCotton
I'm not a huge fan of @SenTomCotton, but if you're blaming him for a nominee dying that's utterly ridiculous.
he can be blamed when he said in an interview he did it deliberately to cause Obama pain. Look it up.
So he did it to obstruct what Obama wanted to do, that's how separation of powers works. (Not a fan of Cotton here).
I think the distinction every1 is making is wasn't a professional intent, he SAID it was malicious. Big diff. Each their own
Nonetheless, attributing a nominee's death to Cotton I think is not responsible. Any number of things could have caused that.
Think what you want. I was just giving you the bg of his interview since you seemed not to know the intent
thanks for standing up to Chuck Shummer the other day I just saw it on Fox! You are a good man hope you have a Blessed Day
nobody believes anything you say Tom Cotton Balls.
Again, stay in New Jersey. We like Senator Cotton
Trump & his deplorable cabinet are mocked all over Europe. I've read comments in 5 languages.
This wasn't about Trump. It's about MY Senator. I read the overseas papers every day. Have a good one!
Pompeii should have been "obstructed" like Butts. @SenTomCotton
#americanfascist #propaganda
. Tom as a republican and vietnam veteran, I want to thank you with all my heart for your courage shown with schumer. GOD BLESS
Pure, unadulterated bullshit. As always.
Thank you for confronting @chuckschumer for playing games with confirmations. We are SICK of him & he needs 2 be dealt with.
Like a Boss
I'm from Georgia but your My Hero! Stay Strong!
Thank you for your COURAGE on the Senate floor yesterday!! Just like your COURAGE on the battlefield. #grateful
Great job standing your ground with Schumer!We appreciate your service to our country and we've got your back! GOD bless.

It's a shame you can't vote here since you live in Canada. How about we send you #MichaelMoore  as a consolation?
like your style-strong American woman
You go Tom!! We are proud of you!!!!!  Don't mess with a Yell County  man!
Here's a good article about it:
Schumer clowns meet the Screaming Eagles.. Hooah!!!!!
way to go Tom
Loved the exchange with Schumer. You're the real deal.
Good work and if you blocked a pick of King Obama then a big woo hoo to you
Whew! So happy he didn't have to DIE waiting for a confirmation vote unlike Cassandra Butts.  This is your legacy.
Ya declared war on Iran on PBO's  Back foreign leader @netanyahu Israel busted spying  5+1+1 talks #irandeal #47traitors
Senator, you are doing good work. Allow a neighboring Texan to tip his hat toward you. God bless! Keep 'em honest!
Seriously, how do you live with yourself? U are everything wrong with Congress.
got anyone in mind for the UN ambassador to the Bahamas? Pathetic and childish. #hypocrisy #cassandrabutts
I agree with you.
You choose to jeopardize America again. No surprise to find you a traitor. Read Constitution. Defend it some time. Karma watch
@bp207crafts Thank you for your service Senator. We the people are grateful and honored you are working for us.
@realDonaldTrump Thank You Sen Cotton 4 having the back of Americans while @SenSchumer PLAYS POLITICS with American Lives
Two words: Cassandra Butts. Hope that name haunts you for the rest of your miserable, vindictive life.
Remember what you did to Cassandra Butts?
Russia!
great work today 
@PatriotGinger Thank you for your service & taking down that pompous ass, Schumer!!
I'm sure the Koch brothers are happy
do you regret the harm you caused Cassandra Butts and her family?
he also wants to start back up and expand back meta data and email collection. Good thing he's only at CIA and not NSA
Hope that includes throwing your ass in jail for treason.
this coming from the man that did this
Like electrocuting suspected terrorists' testicles.
Andy needs a hug.
Can I come see you?
Thank you for your service to our great country - now AND 8 years ago. #MAGA
hope he starts by investigating trump
Hey Cotton hear you're whining about Dems obstructing Pompeo for no good reason let's chat about Supr. Court nominee last year
You're the man!!!! Thank you for being one of the few conservatives with a spine! #MAGA
I hope all Arkansas voters as well as all Veterans take a moment and read about your response to Chuckles the Clown today. 
way to handle Chuckles the clown. It's refreshing to have a fighter in the Senate. Keep up the fight.
A hero soldier is what?
We'll consider it after we let 6 years go by like the repugnicans did. How's it feel 2 b on  other end of the stick?
Mike/you both aligned with this group that killed americans. I will be sure to let your voters know.
Why believe that? You support  President who is a Russian stooge.
Mike Pompeo will do everything in his power to keep America safe. Period!
