How dare they not give the Kushner's a loan!
@GOP party of traitors and a propaganda machine #VoteThemOut
How much did you got paid from KSA and UAE?? .. even the kids know that 11/9 done by saudi and uae citizens there is no one from Qatar
هههههههههههه موتوا قهر
Even though it's just revenge for not bankrolling Jared?
You are TRAITOR to the USA!!!!  GO TO HELL!!!
Trump is accusing Qatar of funding terrorism  & is selling Qatar 36 F-15 jet fighters for 12 Billion USD, Yes .. Both ... In the same time!
about time POTUS gets support from GOP members. Thank you
The lone supporter of a sycophant with a superiority clomplex. Cotton is a SANCTIMONIOUS & prob was hated by any serving under him
hahaha....that's funny...and the name calling starts...lol
Not name calling if it's true and it is he really is a SANCTIMONIOUS 
wow..more name calling... I don't agree w everything he does or says but name calling seems grade school level
I thought I just explained it's not name calling if it's true? His very demeanor screams it is the truth
c..that right there sounds so much better and gives ur reasoning.  That's all I was saying... no harm meant
Really?
You forgot the part about Trump and Kushner's business deal in Qatar falling apart right before this happened. Hmmmmmm
& Jared got over half a BILLION while he’s been in West Wing for his appropriately numbered 666 Park Avenue. The hubris & gall these ppl have to just do this so blatantly in the open is just sickening & they should all rot in hell with the GOP congress who sat quietly & watched!
We campaigned for you, voted for you. NO REGRETS. Thank you for being true to your campaign promises!
Good 4 U cause my grandchildren regret your choice already
they had a 13yr old grandchild? Someone said it just right. Thank God these old geezers are dying out soon. Racist, bigoted hypocrites who probably would love to go back to pre-civil right days. Tom Cotton is as corrupt as the rest of them & belongs in the garbage w/ all Repubs.
Sock puppet
So your money-laundering pals in the UAE and Saudi Arabia are telling you to gang up on money-laundering Qatar? I smell something VERY fishy, Senator Cottonmouth...

Change their behavior. Like overthrow? Who are you and your Repugs planning on ousting this time? GFYS. #yourlastterm
Please stop the blocking of supplies to Qatar causing a humanitarian crisis. Stop immoral arms deal to Saudi Arabia. Stop bombing Yemen.
How many Qatari’s were involved in the 9-11 attack?  Oh yeah.. none.

How many Saudi’s?  Oh yeah 15 out of 19...

Now where do the terrorists come from?
Resign.
Still wants that CIA job!!!
I see you got some money for saying this from UAE.
how much did the saudis pay you, traitor?
Shut up.  Don't use have "cease and desist" letters to write.
Like allowing us to have bases there? Did Jared tell you to say that to please his Saudi pimp? You are so Unpatriotic
Hey DUMMY one of our largst militry bases is there! 11,000 AMERICANS! And trumputin wants putin to attack them! Now thts just traitr stupid!
As opposed to Saudi Arabia's, who propagate Wahabi Islam, a toxic form that has spawned many antieest terrorists, including most of the 9/11
Trumputins got hotels IN EVERY COUNTRY HE DIDN'T INCLUDE IN HIS STUPID BAN!
Tom Cotton is Breitbart’s favorite senator. He wants to cut immigration by 1/2 to tighten up labor market (Whaaaaat???) Another one infected with the Mad GOP Disease proven 2 b incurable.
Oh and the Kushners loan.
Please run for POTUS after Trump!
Figures you would kiss the Orange tRumpkins ass instead of supporting our troops that are stationed there Why doesn't ur Prez call out SA
The lack of knowledge and spineless comments. Just stunning. No morals. They only represent themselves and their rich friends.

Thank you for #Sessions line of questioning. Brilliant
parameters of truth will come out you ridiculing it will not help deflect it terrible Legacy you're leaving
sessions can't cite any rule where he can't answer questions he can only say principle principle is not law
do you all forget the largest US military base in the Middle East is in Qatar?. You think Benghazi was bad?
So you disagree with the Secretary of stat proves why u should not be a senator.  Shame on you, I feel sorry for the people of Arkansas
You are closed minded. I hope your career is OVER!
and what about our base over in Qatar. What happens if they decide to kick us out. Many missions fly in & out of Qatar. Get a clue please.
All world wants Qatar & Iranian Adminst to stop subsidizing terrorest n HAMAS, HAZABALLAH, Etc. Qatar's & Iranian r deserving better leaders
This is so true.
@JJCarafano how about Saudi Arabia's once and for all?Who's the real largest state sponsor of Sunni terrorist groups?
Shame on you! Qatar the only progressive out there! Was in the frontline fighting terror! Now u support a blockade? Will never forget this!
I used to think you were a republican. Now, I'm disheartened to confirm you are merely an echo.
I hope the US changes its behavior
How u my friend
so you DID sign a loyalty pledge at dinner last week, didn't you? did you also vote to decrease funding for our troops in Qatar?
and about that health "care" bill you're working on in the back room, why no hearings? why no CBO score? why so much secrecy?
Of course,@SenTomCotton  it's authorized by BFF V. PUTIN
You lost me at Trump is right
We in Benghazi Libya were telling the world about Qatar since 2012 about the support they gave Isis,Qaeda&the political wing to terrorist MB
So why can't Tillerson and 45 get their message straight?
Keep disgracing your office and oath, sirrah. You need to get your moral compass repaired.
Why do we have troops in a terror supporting country?
Funny that 99% of these comments are negative..
So does it concern you that the Sec of State wants sanctions lifted? Sanctions seems like a start to punish terror support.
Cotton 2024
Suddenly Saudi Arabia is Republicans best friend. Must be their love of oil or love of 9/11. Sure isn't love of America.
Surprised you can see to tweet with your head that far up trump's ass.
Why are you SoB's wasting my tax $$ on a wild goose chase Russia collusion investigation when there's not a g'dam bit of evidence? #Corrupt
Time will tell! I'm sure he didn't put a lot of thought or research in his decision.
Senator you support GameShowHost President who didn't know we had an air base there 

Also take away our healthcare please 

MAGA
Tom you should do your homework about Wahhabism and how SA is destabilizing Indonesia before choosing sides Comrade Tom of Trumprussia
Get over yourself Tommy. Can't wait to vote you out!
WTH!???? - 
I’m appalled by the Republican attempts to pass the AHCA without any transparency what so ever. cc: @JohnBoozman
I hope you are right Senator!! Isolating a nation in a unstable region is not a solution at all. It creates more resentment!
"This situation is a strategic opportunity to seize, not a crisis to manage" wise words, he is right on this one
Senate won’t release O’Care repeal draft before CBO review. Let's talk about that - when & where is your next town hall?
How many 9/11 terrorists were from Qatar?
"Qatar's behavior" being that they don't have any Trump business deals? Just a wild guess
You are absolutely correct.
The Saudis fund madrassas all over the middle east that indoctrinate children in a virulent, anti-west perversion of Islam
Party before people trump.ass kisser
As opposed to Saudi Arabia, one of the most brutal, pro-terror regimes that stones women to death for the mere allegation of adultery
fake #whataboutism
Dead eyes Cotton. Nothing but a Koch bought weasel
I thought Saudi Arabia had their share of Terrorists too Sen Cotton! Do they still oppress women?
Our women in Saudi like princesses
Maybe true. But he's clueless!
Yes, Saudi 9/11 Arabia is such a friend we should absolutely rely on them
Wrong again. You will be on the wrong side of HISTORY for many many of your decisions. Its just about his hotels and his profits #Emoluments
Tom likes to come across as thoughtful, but he's just a Comrade of Trumprussia. Go back and look at his attacks on Obama's foreign policy.
Does it hurt when your soul dies?
You're not gonna be President, Tom.
Getting old isn't it!
how do you feel about the saudis then you disingenuous hack
