No, the world sees an empty gesture that didn't even damage the runway. Your delusion is dangerous.
READ my op-ed in the @nytimes  “A Strike in Syria Restores Our Credibility in the World"- http://ow.ly/ryWj30aGUfx 
Obama got Bin Laden. Trump killed hundreds of civilians and missed a runway.
This restores absolutely nothing.  You are a complete joke. This farce didn't fool a soul.
If our credibility is so fragile that the only way to get some is by firing rockets than we really are in decline and you're all to blame.
Trump has diminished our standing in the world. He is an erratic madman who will never fill the shoes of his distinguished predecessor
http://linkis.com/bipartisanreport.com/8xPx9 … And what does this say about him? Hmm tommy? It looks like a planned event 2 me so he & putie are behind the gassing
In how you pat your own back you expose your op-ed's bs about 2013 'red line'. BHO called all Americans to rally behind response & we didn't
Really? Strike at an empty airbase while missing the runway? Planes launching raids from there within hours? You don't get out much, do you?
Such BS!
When was the last time you said something that wasn't absolute bullshit? Asking for a friend.
resign from Senate and go back to war then ... leave my boys out of it.
who else is bloody SICK of the 'blame it on Obama' defense. You cannot compare these two men. Just stop.
Sad excuse for a veteran. Yes, I served too!!
No it doesn't the entire world knows this was a setup u, the idiot in the WH & the rest of the gop cont to look like fools.
It was badly written & wrong
This coming from someone who doesn't use punctuation.
No actually it doesn't. This treasonous administration used children as a reason to launch an air strike- hypocrisy
Credibility? #AlternativeFact
How long did you have to immerse yourself in a tub of bullshit? Was it up to your eyeballs? Is there a repuke big BULLSHIT "bath" somewhere?
You mean your GHOST written piece? If YOU wrote that, I'll eat my damn hat. Fess up, slick, it came straight from the Podesta Group, right?
No it doesn't - you should brush up on history to see how you will be remembered.
The comparisons are accurately scary.
It does not. Further, comment on Obama's "reluctance" is intellectually dishonest. Asked Congress for approval on Syria, was told no.
Trump has destroyed our creditably in the world!
By the way, you'll never be president.  So just stop it.
He missed.
This is parody, right?
Ineffectively lobbing bombs from hundreds of miles away onto an empty airbase restored our credibility?  Really?  Planes flew the next day?
Nope. Wrong....
What a tool.....
Are Republicans just there to provide the illusion of choice?  Because I am currently disillusioned.
Wow talk about spin.  This analysis assumes a strategy.  There is none.  This is lemonade Senator.
Don't you have a letter to write to Iran and undermine America with your buddies?
Bawhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahhaaaaaaaaaaaa  you keep on lying to yourself tommy.
As long as the orange menace is your "leader" the US is the laughingstock of the world. And your party just keeps enabling him
Really? Warning in advance and an inability to hit much of value looks good for us? I wouldn't have seen it that way.
Nope - it doesn't or restores false credibility in your eyes - take off the rose colored glasses
You've got to be kidding. Another simplistic minded Tea Party hack.
Seriously, as a vet I should know better-this was just an expensive fireworks display while GOP wants to cut Meals on Wheels-shame on u!
Oh really!?!
You are seriously an a$$hat
Is your brain made of cotton? Asking for a friend..
it's a terrible piece of writing, much nonsense.  Following Donald's feeling after watching TV  is not a policy, much less a strategy. SAD!
When 1,000's were gassed & Obama asked Congress for authority, where were you? Where was your righteous indignation while YOU refused to act
But a guy who sexually assaulted a woman and making fun of the disabled doesn't affect it? Ok, great point.
As it has for Castro, Putin, Assad, Milosevic,. See also Vietnam, Iran-Contra, Iraq. Aiming to be next Stalin?
Obama used force in Afghanistan, Pakistan, Iraq, Syria, Yemen, Somalia, and Libya. You call THAT reluctance? Really? #2018
Please stop lying about President Obama. It's better to be truthful when trying to convince someone of your warmongering.
You are a complete fraud.
I remember when you campaigned and said you would keep us out of Syria! Remember? Bring our troops home and keep them home? I remember!
@POTUS it doesn't make him credible. It makes him a violator of international and US constitutional law. What a joke. Accomplished nothing
Credibility?? What is long range plan?? Oh wait president is on a golfing weekend! Great plan
Credible indeed
Leave it to the hillbilly hypocrite to write an op ed that makes no sense to the majority of intelligent people who read it. What a hack 
I did read it.  I was surprised it was not an Onion article.
The strike is seen as a pointless lashing out.
Disagree! Follow up w massive humanitarian aid and a sensible refugee policy then u might be on to something!
Our President, " the little Corporal" , boasts of his secret military genus but giving Russians a heads up was not
Didn't you go to Harvard? What credibility & what deterrence? Syria launched strikes from same airfield the next day.
Trump's taxes now
Trump's taxes now.
Golden State beats St. Anthony's New Jersey. Oh Yeah, were back Baaaaaaaaaaayyyybeeeee! This wasn't D Day, Tom.
totally disagree.
You mean Putin let Trumpster act like a badass so the price of oil would go up.
YES!! Thank you for this comment! 
A war legitimizes the cretin in office? Hardly.
Based on what evidence other than pictures?
No, Senator Cotton, it confirms that the #US is an aggressor, ruled by murderous thugs. The attack on #Syria was a war crime. #GOP RT
wrong.  but at least we stopped talking about trump/russia for a few minutes...
the airstrip is still being used, the same town has been bombed again, and we wasted 60 bombs.
if blowing $60 million on, what amounted to a fireworks show is your idea of credible, perhaps @MerriamWebster can help you w/a definition
Violence is never the answer.
Great Op-Ed! Keep up the good work, Senator
Our credibility was shot to hell since Jan. 20th. You are gravely mistaken thinking this "restored" it.
Will we gain even more "credibility" if we bomb more people. Wouldn't it be more effective to just impeach #trump and vote GOP out?
Did you email Libya to make sure it was ok to write this tweet? Resign
You're wrong and not thinking for yourself. It's a complete flip in Trump's position, demo-ing his instability, rashness, ignorance on Syria
Who is "our"? You certainly have no credibility, still.
He's a senator and your just some pussy on Twitter.

Wrong. This was noting more than bravado and will make us less safe. When will we learn? We have the wrong leadership for these times.
Beautiful words. Thank you. USA #1 Old School.
What about your credibility in Arkansas, do you not care ? Are we not important citizens after being abused by employers?
And Cotton voted for the guy who will give the company more power.
- our foreign friends are proud of us our enemies now fear us !
By "credibility" did  you mean "makes us a  laughing stock"? 
They were using the base a few hours after we hit it with 50 tomahawks.
From a different party but appreciate your consistency. Hard to find these days in the Capital.
What do you smoke? how often are you smoking Mr. Cotton?Praying for you to wake from that drug induced comma last name slave related?
Seems more like he's strapped in a soft hospital bed with a Thorazine drip wide open.
While I've long thought we needed to so something there, I disagree this was an effective move.  Let's bomb empty ground. Yay us.
