You swore an oath, Tom Cotton.  Defend this country against all enemies, now.  Do the right thing.
Watch, why? So we can see you do your best to help Russia?
You had an informed source and refused to ask real questions. Posting this proves you haven't realized how obvious your partisanship is.
Choose your country over your party
Can't wait to see what the Russians have on Tom.
the real problem & threat are the rogue people INSIDE our gov & IC who do not represent the people. Start there
Russia is not a threat to us. They're not killing & attacking our citizens & trying to change our Constitution
That would be trump with the help of Russia.
Tom, why do you hate America so much?
Pretty weak sir. Comical in retrospect, after Comey news this PM.  Now are you ready to jump on the independent investigation bandwagon?????
Was it a Q&A or you preaching? Admiral Rogers confirmed: the intelligence was clear, while your political judgements are subjective. @maddow
Sir The People need to see Republicans that will show they are NOT with this Presidents actions.  We need congressmen who'll STAND UP!
Traitor. Anything for power and money.
Dear Intern Running This Account: Tell your boss Tom that his constituents will hold him accountable for Trump. #SpecialProsecutor
Arkansas is watching, Mr. Cotton.  You defend this horrid president and you better have an exit plan.
Get to work, Senator. Probably a foreign concept for you, but time to put on big boy pants and actually investigate.
You are going to go down with the ship.
I'm a Republican and remember Watergate.  Please call for an independent investigation into Russia's interference with the 2016 election
My 214 was typed by a five year old, from the looks of it, really it does.  Take a look at it.
Stand with America or stand with Trump. The choice is yours, Cotton.
13 hours later & we know #Trump fired #COMEY on eve of meeting w/Russia FM @WhiteHouse + on day subpoenas issued from #GrandJury for #Flynn
where do you stand NOW Senator? You have TWO choices - with your country, or with your party? You swore an oath to protect one.
how will you be remembered in history? a #SpecialProsecutor into #TrumpRussiaCollusion is way past due. it's time for you to #DoYourJob
You're gonna be voted out if you dont.
I watched you defend Russian influence on our election process. Why are you proud of that exchange?
Put your country before your party just once, please. I am again disgusted by your representation.
You're a traitor. And you're complicit in trump's treason.
Could that Admiral help me to get the Cold War Medal I never received from the Navy and the awards and medals also could he fix my 214 .
So much posturing. You are all complicit.
Today, Will you be the #Patriot2StandUp4America? #treason in White House.  #SpecialProsecutor #SenateDithersWhileDemocracyBurns  #taxReturns
Thank you for taking Cyber Security seriously. This also calls for an independent prosecutor to look into #TrumpRussia
Like
It's sad you choose your party over the citizens of this country. #gfy
What are you doing about the Trump/Russia coverup? Not much so far. Not a manly man. Unless traitors are. And your wife loves you? Rethink.
Where do you stand Senator? With patriots and real Americans or with Trump and the GRU? Pick a side!
Trump fired Comey. You support a two-bit dictator, Tom. You're officially no longer even an American.
Et tu, Tom? You wasted this man's time to wrap a diaper around tRump's exposed flesh, & blame Obama for Russia? Loyal to GOP or USA, Tom?
I hear Russia has compromising tapes involving deviant sexual activities on Tom Cotton.  That's why he fights so hard to try to hide truth!
Good job, thanks for your efforts
Good job, Mr. Cotton, on pointing out the obvious. Too bad liberal die hards just don't "get it"!
Love ya Tom
He is a traitor who wants to get rich off Trump!!!
Add @SenTomCotton to the list of Treasonous Traitors who would rather "victim blame" The USA instead of going after Mother Russia and Trump.
Pathetic-thanks for pointing it out. You're a lying weasel & traitor. I hope there's kompromat on you - tho no one wants to see it. Gross.
clearly you can't separate your partisanship from defending the safety of America. it's time for an independent investigation. #Trumprussia
We realize where ur interest lay Sen. Cotton & make no mistake it's not for the people  In AR. Ur interest is in advancing ur career!
Senator.  A couple of explanations.  1. Russia thought, regardless of rhetoric that Trump favored Russia. 2. HRC is more hawkish than BHO
#IndependentCommission
Republicans: party over morals, constitution and the truth.
U tweeted your ass being handed, yesterday the so called intellect Ted Cruz today you
Watched you defend Putin's Puppet @POTUS while trying to lay blame on @POTUS44. Respect to ADM Rogers for being a professional.
very political questioning and commentary on your part. Not cool
Typical @GOP blame, deflect, steal, commit some light treason, be a traitor to your country, steal some more, put party b4 country, & steal.
Tom Cotton joins @SenTedCruz @jasoninthehouse Chaffetz  @TGowdySC  working TREACHEROUSLY for the Russian KGB covering up for KGB TRUMP/Pence
How is that #TrumpRussia thingy doing?
You like to ask questions, why didn't you accept invitation to be on AM Joy ?
Tom Cotton tries to blame Russian hacks on Obama and Clinton — but NSA chief refuses to take the bait
Reublicans like you lie and try to pass blame on others -- the blame is on Donald Trump and you know that -- quit protecting this slime ...
What retribution are we going to administer to Russia for interfering??  Cyber security is a real & present danger to our Democracy
They was no Russian interference. It was leaks. Seth Rich was killed to make an example. Why entertain this bs
Because we just had a whole hearing about it yesterday dipsh*t and if u want to ignore it fine but don't demand that WE do we're not idiots.
History will record Tom Cotton as a "man" with zero integrity & placing politics over US interests. Make no mistake, He hates this country!!
The confederate traitors are the ones who enabled Trump and are now colluding with a foreign power. Evangelicals hate democracy.
Just keep shouting Benghazi!! Nothing to see w Con Man Trump. Why do you think won't release taxes? Manafort changed GOP platform on Ukraine
