what hypocrisy and evasion. Tune out!!! You're embarrassing, and admittedly uninformed. Pathetic.
I watched, you were wrong about Warren and the direction of the responsibility of the Senate #StopSessions
I watched your interview. If we are in imminent danger of a terrorist attack!? Why you not telling us
Should those Qs be asked? Sure.  But when it takes every 30 seconds of every minute of the program.  It's a pity.
Senator I respect you,but cannot watch  CNN but really hope you get this into the House & Sen
wow...thought possibly you might have some principles.. was I ever wrong.  Put on big boy pants dude!
biggest threat to Trump is losing the Nordstrom account, now what  Next it will be theTRUMP DC hotel
I watched 4 own amusement, 2 see how u would worm way outta giving straight answers bout Trump.
great responses but I don't think it satisfied Wolfie.
I agree your interviews are horrible for being military member afraid of Trump. Keep kissing a**
Why do you agree to be interviewed when you don't want to comment on anything?  Waste of time!
Typical results when Wolf insists on interviewing R Senators bout Trump.
weak sauce.  You've lost my support Harvard boy.
The way you were squirming to answer the ?s is shameful! He's not defending his daughter he's defending her business
Given the interview with MSNBC Morning Joe u Twitter posted it is obvious u are a Trump apologist
you won't meet with your constituents but you get all your photo opportunities in #resist
I would not go on CNN they only tell lies fox only MAGA
so what happening a france
Are u born knowing how 2 speak English or do you learn it? Asking 4 a friend wanting 2 migrate 2 U.S.
ugh. non answers, blah blah blah.  useless!
saw u on cnn , you stand for the GOP and not the American people. U need to speak out not suck up.
why doesn't CNN just talk to Putin & Bannon directly? Tired of hearing from the middle management
What language should immigrants have the ability 2 speak considering the U.S. doesnt have an official language?
Zero days since you were an embarrassment to #Arkansas.
You were brave enough to fight for the country but you don't have the guts to fight the wrong trump is doing to our country!
Great job answering those tough questions today sir! Sounded like Wolf was trying hard to corner you.
Sen. Cotton, Good job of staying on point. Can't wait to move back home to the great state of AR.
gas bag.
Great job curbing @wolfblitzer's pathetic attempt @ distracting you from the REAL news topics and great strides @POTUS  makes!
Cotton/Conway's answers Didn't see, hear I agree  don't agree yes no plz don't ask me. king gona b
just demonstrated ballsof cotton on @CNNSitRoom with @wolfblitzer
Trump's Nordstrom/Ivanka tweet was unpresidential maybe  litigation-worthy but you would not say so.
Please, stop brown nosing. Why Trump sabotage Nordstroms cause 74 thousands poor Americans lose jobs?
Hope this is your last term.
Watching u defend the Pres. shows u r not worthy of your position. U r supposed represent the people.
Good interview! This democrat was impressed by this republican.
I did and man what an embarrassment to Arkansans you are. How could you sleep defending this guy
if yemen disaster happened under clinton wed see Tom screaming 4 investigations. would b benghazi 2!
of course if obama said something abt a company Tom would b yelling from the rafters.
have you followed anything ??? Smh
- PLEASE stop asking if his Ivanka Trump is right....It is not, simple. Rep's will spin but it is NOT
Tom, did you leave your spine on the battlefield?
Wow....could you just answer a question? Geez, why go on the show?!? Deflect, deflect, deflect...
.@SenTomCotton @wolfblitzer After you say you were "such a bad lawyer" that you became an infantryman,  your "legal opinion" means nothing.
they ONLY criticize obama 4 any & everything. with trump they r 2 scared 2 say anything!! NO ANSWERS!
I listened to your interview.Please stop making excuses for Trump. You are damaging your reputation.
showed how one sided he is. U shud b ashamed 4 not standing up to the prez going after judiciary
they WONT come out & criticize the pres 4 calling judges names & ALL the rest of his insanity.
another GOP puppet that won't answer questions. What's the point of having these shills on?
tuning in and just confirmed what I thought which is that you are an absolute joke
tom WONT answer questions!!! he says the same thing all these cowards say, i wouldt say THAT but...
I used to be a republican until you guys decided to support Trump .. very sad
are you serious ?? All of you will lose your credibility with this buffoon smh
bubye wolfie
I'm only tuning in to CNN to hear your analysis.  Thank you!
see u are doing it backwards he's the liar, CNN is not.... if you tuned in more you would see that
what exactly do you want, you seallow a lot of Trumps semen gor some reason
I'd rather stick needles in my eyes...
if Wolf told him he was full of Razorback shit I'd tune in.
I applaud you for your effort in trying to speak truth and common sense to #cnnfakenews
3min past 5...Don't let that door hit you in the ass to get out of work. #ThatsSwampyTom
why he's an ahole
Hope you'll be talking about doing the right thing & voting no on Sessions
hold Cotton tk accountability on hypocricy.
Straighten them out, Senator!
