TY! The tax paid by those who cant afford insurance is INSANE, we shouldn't be penalized at all! People need to wake up, ACA is a disaster!
Why do you want poor people to die
Your a good lad Tom.  Entirely naive as to who your Pres. really is, but to help, Senator Corker was 100% accurate in his portrayal.
Thx.
Relief?  Who wants relief from having the piece of mind that comes from having health insurance? Arkansas must be really proud of you....
Nah. We hate him.
and it is Trump to blame  He is the President of USA, with wisdom, intakes cautionary advise, acts presidential, not 14 yr old tug a war.
Had you and your Republican cronies had an ounce of compassion you would reach across the aisle & work with Dems! #CountryOverParty #SaveACA
That would make too much sense
So since you want the whole hog from Iran, rather than classify Iran deal first, then work diplomatically, you must be one of few .......
We want healthcare for all!
Yes cheap copper plans that cover nothing how about you try one of these plans for your family
#boughtandpaidfor
US should be helping Kurds vs Iraq invasion of Kirkuk
The US serves up Kurdistan to Iran on a silver platter | http://www.tabletmag.com/jewish-news-and-politics/247203/kurdistan-iran-united-states …
Oh yeah. Right. The warped neocon mind of Arkansas freshman Senator Tom Cotton, a real up-and-comer. :(
Don't call it Obamacare. You own this now. You're worse than Trump. By a mile.
There isn't a thought in your head that has to do with relieving Americans of anything. Except our money
You can't pass new law, so you sabotage the old one. Pathetic Tom.
What we need & asked for is more affordable health insurance for working middle class. Tax exemption for %age of premium cost?
This is a lie! You know and soon all those people you’re trying hurt will no the truth about you!
According to @realDonaldTrump “Obamacare is dead”....sorry, you own this mess now......looking forward to 2018, when you’ll be packing
Thank you Tom God bless you
What do you consider hard work, Dressd in a suit all day
Everyone needs insurance! Accidents Happen & Illness Strikes. No one is immune. FIX #ACA
I introduced folks to how easy it is to register to vote today and to give hardworking Americans relief from toadies like you. No more GOP 
Once Trump awards him from all the sucking up and gives him the CIA, we can get a democratic senator who has our best interest at heart 
Yes we can!
Man I miss Obama! #YesWeCan
Obama and Biden were a great team!
......who would trust Trump not to turn Iran  into another nuclear toy. Take a good look at where he alone has brought the world to WW3.
We need a mandate from @GOP to rid us of this mentally incompetent unstable @realDonaldTrump! Now!
Ty for supporting the President that WE THE PEOPLE voted for! I hope u are reflected cause we need leaders like you
Don’t you think there’s something wrong if taxpayers have to support established insurance companies to provide insurance?
Relief meaning taking money from them?
It will go nowhere like anything u introduce and get nothing done
Why are most of the *likes* for this tweet from bots? Are you going to give up your ACA/gov insurance & go on TrumpCare? It's good, right?
Sarcasm
Relieving Arkansans of Obamacare?  This must be a joke. 
You are an embarrassment to this state!
you think not having health insurance is a relief? your primary responsibility in congress is to not harm Americans. you fail daily! resign.
So you are subsidizing healthcare for those who can't afford it. A noble act.
When do we get the mandate for relief from you, trump & his crew?
Nice job Senator @SenTomCotton. When do we pass the #RaiseAct?
Well done @SenTomCotton!  Now just get your senate colleagues to vote on something!!
2020 is to far away!!!! U r hurting Ar bc the ones that need ACA the most r the ones Trump & u r hurting by letting it collapse!
My wifes cardiologist refused to see her already out of fear of not getting paid. A $4 prescription a month will cost us $370 once it's gone. What do you suggest we do?
REPEAL the mandate.
are in one in on use on unanimous Consent use to get pass without discussion like saw on 60 mins in whistle blower price
Thank you for thinking about us citizens.Seems the judges / congress don’t care about keeping our country safe.Can you please work on that?
We need relief from Trump sabotaging Ocare.
Here's the relief that 60% of people want. #Medicare4All We hired you. We can fire you. 
Try looking up the word patriot in the dictionary and then put that word to work and remove the moron from office immediately.

Maybe start working on impeachment first. When are you republicans going to show some spine and courage? You are nothing but cowards!
@USAkidsFirst #FullRepeal
You my little man should b known as Tom Cottonmouth, a name much more befitting. All u do is carry trumps water and pant like a dog. 
That a boy keep scratching away at the ACA, until you get that tax break for your donors.
Pat on back, scratch balls
What about the opioid epidemic?  Collisions with @realDonaldTrump and Russia? Trump dishonoring our fallen soldiers. You own this presidency
How much should we expect premiums to go up?
When you are finished spending your Koch money do you still have to answer to their agenda? Arkansans would like to know. #KochWhoreCotton
You are going to be in a crisis. Cotton represents corporations - not people.
You're smart, therefore I'm sure you are lying for your own political purposes.
So @SenTomCotton , do agree @realDonaldTrump should have politicized the death of Gen Kelly's son? Threatened John McCain with a fight ?
It's sad to see you so keen on being one of Trump's  #Goodfellas
Despicable. The adults have already handled it.
Thank you.
Catastrophic plans don't qualify as "continuous coverage" for the purposes of avoiding Pre-Existing Condition Exclusions. Tell 'em that?
More GOP fraud & deception. What you want is to depive families of adequate healthcare. Time to see the GOP as they really are.

As Richard mentions, Treasury deleted its own study showing most corporate tax cuts go to profits, not labor income. Orwellian stuff. https://twitter.com/RichardRubinDC/status/919868928763088896 …
Liar
The Tax Reform Act of 1986 cut corporate rate from 46% to 34% and wages fell. 
Hang tough brother. Through the foe. To the Objective!!
Liar
1/Trump's move to stop CSR payments to insurance companies hits Trump-won (red + most purple) states harder than blue. 
Now they’ll know what a two faced turn coat trump really is, he looks at them like cattle anyway. Tommy boy will b there sucking up@big time

