As your constituent, I do NOT support the RAISE Act and I am extremely disappointed that you are choosing to hurt communities with this bill
What communities is he hurting?
come on up to Northwest Arkansas and drive around to the chicken plants.  You think poor white guys will work there?
Guess what? White guys used to work in packing plants all across US. Then open border allowed companies to hire illegals at low wages.
So, there used to be manufacturing jobs everywhere, is this another area that undocumented workers took those jobs?
Yes! Mandatory e-verify wld help but stolen SS & identities still problem.Packing plants & animal confines illegals & work visas work 4 less
Love the RAISE ACT!! Thank you!!
But where will #POTUS find foreign cooks and maids for #MarALago?  #RaiseAct
Those are not "green card" holders. Try again.
No, they are cheap labor taking #JOBS away from #America's workers. Try again.
You don't know how much they get paid! So rude!
You don't know if they have green cards either! Equally rude!
No, I read the article and it was for "seasonal, temporary H-2B visas which are NOT green cards. 
"Sorry, kids of #America -- I know you'd like a summer job to make money for college, but we gave them all to foreign workers. #MAGA!"
Thank you, Sir.
@RealThomasUS How? I'm stupid!
Really?
Sen. Cotton is it true you attended this years Bilderberg meeting and if so what was the content?
Thank you, Senator, for working on this bill. Implement some age & country limits, as well.My neighborhood is already saturated with Chinese
MBA from a Tier 3 university get 5 pts more than a MS in comp science from Stanford/Math Fin from Columbia. We both know they are not equal
How wages raised by only allowing best-skilled immigrants in? Won't same-skilled Amer have to compete with same-skilled immigrants? Nonsense

Narrow-mindedness will only get you as far as Nowhere, and once you're there, you are lost forever.
shame on you #Israeli #america #COTTON
Tom this is untenable and you know it. But it helps you with your future presidential quest to have Trump's deplorables vote for you! Sad
Nope. Exactly the opposite effect. Stating smth doesn't make it true
Can you let me know the evidence for this? Policy should be based on facts, not general impressions. Don't insult our intelligence.
What facts support this policy?
Comrade Tom trolling for Trump voters. Some of the largest new companies over the last 20 years started by immigrants. Arkansas isn't USA

If the #Democrats are FOR the middle class they will support this. If not they'll just say let's legalize pot @CoryBooker
How does that give Americans a raise?  Are you advocating a raise on the minimum wage
Good start on serious problem & I like bills that are incremental rather than overall sweeping that nobody reads!
Northwest Tech Bus and Ind NWA is taking low skilled workers off poultry line and giving them industrial maint skills for upper level jobs
Lets import more Engineers & Doctors from a country such as India? Why not? Every time I call for computer support its India I'm calling.
@CatoInstitute says you are lying A LOT about this.  I believe them more than you. Arkansas can do so much better than a racist xenophobe.
Hogwash! Cotton is a great American who served admirably in the military & @CatoInstitute are part of the greedy lobby for cheap labor.
Ad hominem arguments are garbage. Attack the data if you can. If not, your opinion counts for zero.
Those skilled workers will still need to have a job offer in order to come here.So, put some pressure on your local employers to hire Am 1st
http://www.npr.org/2017/08/03/541220868/why-america-s-wages-are-barely-rising?utm_source=twitter.com&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=npr&utm_term=nprnews&utm_content=20170803 …
If min wage were $15/hour, FICA and Medicare withholdings would reduce tax gap. 1099 withholding would balance the federal budget.
So you're saying my Italian great-grandfather (not skilled and spoke no Eng), but built his own company & learned Eng) would be screwed?
We support this.
I'm cool with this but how do we know if they are skilled before they get here? Tryouts?
Just how would this raise wages? Will be interesting to see how you spin this.
Thank you @SenTomCotton. We have been waiting to level the playing field!!
You are an embarassment to the State of Arkansas.
Imagine if other countries were just as selective with Americans, "We only want the smart ones that speak our language"
Great deal! Make it so!
shame on you cotton . Stop campaigning for presidency. How about the people of Arkansas
I am just glad to see you and Trump standing together, do more of it with his agenda, your stock will go up.
Pipe dreams & lies from a racist. Signed a non-English speaking immigrant's great-granddaughter. Ones that started a successful business.
Senator Cotton You are living proof that Education doesn't make someone smart.
That is a steaming load of bullshit Tom.
That is some "Hunger Games" BS right there.
But I'm sure it sounds good on paper but it's just like obamas stimulus package
The $ companies have to spend raising wages makes their products go up which then makes Taxes go up who wins
That makes no fucking sense, grammatically or economically.
Jobs, attacking racists with facts, national security, education, Veterans, health care, insurance, Social Security https://m.Facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10154726992699151&id=688379150 …
That would actually LOWER American wages.
Immigration, underground economy, Department of Peace, Capital Formation, jobs http://www.newgeography.com/users/kenstremsky …
A lot small businesses run by Latinos.  Hispanic Americans received Medal of Honor.  Black women are fastest growing group entrepreneurs
Common sense! Thank you @sentomcotton
Good work. Glad you didn't have to wear your white sheet today.   So glad you had enough conviction to stand up and show what a racist U R.
these, the homeless,tempest-tossed to me, I lift my lamp beside the golden door! The Statue of Liberty should be removed,
Give me your tired, your poor, Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, The wretched refuse of your teeming shore. Send
I know u r being silly but, do we want to raise the bar so high it keeps decent, honest folks who want what we all want out? Vetting is good
Senator, what about Walmart warehouses and Tyson in the river valley? See how many "hard working" Americans are in line for there? None.
I love the RAISE Act-Excellent work Sen Cotton-America needed this change and appreciate your hard work! San Diego CA!~
Labor Sec should have done WH Press Conf not fake news Stephen Miller. Will proposed eng pref exempt Kushner Chinese only speaker investors?
Just read through this- makes good sense. Appreciate the responsible approach
Mr.Cotton i love you as an Iranian because you talk against our barbaric regime that destroyed our country since 1979. #freeIran
What about higher skilled/higher educated AMERICANS who will be displaced by so callled "best-skilled immigrants? #AmericanWorkersFirst
THANKYOU FOR HELPING THE  AMERICAN PEOPLE!
self serving ahole. your carreer will be short!
Nazis
You're on of the last people I expected to go to the bilderberg meetings.
Disgusted with your racist ways
That is Not Going to Raise Wages They're Coming in To TAKE HIGHER Paying JOBS Instead of TRAINING US CITIZEN FOR THIS That Would Raise Wages
"Best-Skilled" = straight, ambulatory, white people with no accents
Okay, so take that logic further. The HALT act would raise Americans' wages even more through supply and demand.
You're now my favorite Senator, Tom!
Then WHY aren't you busting your back to obtain better education in rural areas of ARKANSAS? Provide votech training in high schools?
That's too easy and no publicity though. He has his priorities. His state isn't one of them.
You're full of it. End #DACA #H1B/#H2B abuse. There R plenty of QUALIFIED grads & 40-plus-year-olds to fill STEM jobs yet not hired/retained
You're disgusting
Highly-skilled must include his maids and wait staff at his golf courses
Fun facts: The annual quota for "unskilled immigrants" to the US is 5,000 people. The wait list is >30 years.
#Republicans The highly skilled immigrants would be getting the increased wages...for their highly skilled work... not existing Americans.
Which is fine by me, but let's not pretend this is to help existing American wages. It's to limit the number of immigrants. #Racism
And by "fine by me", I am not endorsing this bill. The opposite. I merely am okay with immigrants being paid well for their high skills.
Thank you SenCotton, finally someone is putting Amerians FIRST
Uh, might as well call it what it is The RACIST Act. Repeal and Replace the GOP.
The Racist Act.
Good job
This is a good idea. I am a Democrat in support of this bill. Our system needs to be changed. All we welcome should be able to contribute.
That's not what this bill does. Read it.
Why is it that so many Republican policies depend on vilifying minorities? It's really quite disturbing...
Your party opposes minimum wage increases...and the minimum wage itself, so pretending you care about raising wages is disingenuous
Your party is for raising min wage, even though its proven to hurt the poor in many ways, it  sounds good so thats all that matters. Caring!
Your bill is DOA. Not going to pass in any form.
No man, it's helping Americans. It's gonna mean less immigrants on welfare, that way more Americans can be helped instead of immigrants.
I know you're far smarter than me. Is this a contradiction or just excellent sarcasm, or both?
Fight for this!
TOG approves.

Sickening.
Not a bill that I would support! But then again I don't agree with u much at all. U have no interest in AR, only ur career. #2020
Good job.

Man up Cotton!  You going to side with these guys or your two-bit fraudster mob boss?  If the later, I suggest you betray the uniform.
LOVE the concept but unfortunately it will never happen as @GOP couldn't even come together to make change for a dollar. Tired of inaction.
Dear Sen, I have to say the bill is wonderful & i appreciate your efforts and intend. However, here is a loophole I would beg you to address


Nothing you do will stop the changing demographics.America is browning.The GOP is going to have to face it or face a collapse of their party
So the white nationalists concerns are in fact justified.
Don't expect this brownification to occur without much violent resistance.
Not sure why you care if the nation is brown?
Why, exactly, should this nation be brown?
Have there been any successful 1st world nations that are brown?
What does skin color have to do with success?
Great bill. Thoughtful with the challenges we will face in a new "Gig economy."

But @lisamurkowski, @LindseyGrahamSC, Collins will kill.
....YOU ARE A F'N SLUG.

#MAGA #AmericaFirst 
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP
Economists don't think that's what would happen. You're doing this to distract the base from cutting services to fund rich ppl's tax cuts.
The thing is, immergents will work for 1/4. Big business & farms what that. Then there's B1 where tax payers flip 3/4 of the bill
Why not give priority to highly skilled Americans ?
He is: coz majority of the highly skilled Americans wants highly skilled immigration. :)
Rectum Facts from Traitor Tom.
will it pass?
You've got my vote.
Yeah, right.
