For 3 weeks, Mike Pompeo briefed President Trump on the most sensitive intelligence — with Michael Flynn listening http://nyti.ms/2sU3udL 
Implication is D/CIA Pompeo should've excluded Flynn from PDB because Flynn was "compromised." Let's consider that. 2/?
Democratic partisan Sally Yates claimed Flynn was "compromised" because he misstated to VP the nature of talks with Russian ambassador. 3/?
But this @nytimes story refutes itself, saying Yates told WH of misstatement on Jan. 26, thus eliminating risk of "compromise"! 4/?
Plus, Pompeo confirmed by Senate late on Jan. 23, so on own terms this @nytimes story talking AT MOST about two days! 5/?
Putting aside Democrat Yates's breathless, overwrought theories of potential "compromise." 6/?
Which probably were already undermined anyway by this @IgnatiusPost from Jan. 12:
And, by the way, if Democrat Yates so worried about Flynn, did she ever try to rescind his security clearance? Did John Brennan? 8/?
@nytimes should spend more time on accurate, logical reporting than just regurgitating @RonWyden talking points. 9/?
Besides @AllMattNYT & @adamgoldmanNYT need time to explain to FBI investigators their revealing of highly classified info. 10/10
Mr. Cotton. @AONNRecords
DHS on Russian interference: "We have evidence of 21 states, election-related systems in 21 states, that were targeted."
Yeah, President Trump supporters have been able 2 see right through Fake news.Sadly, the left watches this crap on MSM &thinks it's all true
No one believes in NYT anymore. Their credibility is so shot you can't even believe  times they list for NYC movie theaters.
Unfortunately the indoctrinated will keep eating and spewing the alphabet soup






Þu bist earsgang.
What does Cotton say now? Does he follow the Sheriff Clark position of the Nat. Sec. Adv. of the incoming Trump Admin. lying to the FBI has nothing to do with the Trump Admin.?
First-Flynn was a agent of Turkey, dining with Putin. Second, Kushner tried to set up back channel with Russians. Do your job you GOP shill
Dining with Putin? Back channel? All were done by Obama admin, nothing new at all. You sound like Madcow.
Would you like some ketchup to help you eat these words?
Which ones?
I thought in light of the confessions, the admission of guilt by Flynn & Papa, that a reappraisal might be in order.
Trump, Pence, Pompeo, Kushner, all knew he was compromised. Kept him anyway. Why? Is there a single good answer to that? You're a failure.
Possibly and alledgedly compromised.. 
Subject to blackmail does not certfy
succumbed to blackmail, 
Something was mentioned, not discussed
The alledged mention has not been revealed in transcript form and so NOT
Demonstrated to be irregular/formative
To ANY compromising...
Flynn was critical of the CIA BEFORE they came up with this dreamscape slander...
The CIA DIA conflict is better documented than this 'STORY
I'm gonna go with NO
You would be about right, there...
But then there IS massive, irrefutable
EVIDENCE against HRC,
zip zero nada against Flynn

CAN I assume?
Assume your question is EMOTION BASED, AND reflects NO RESISTANCE to YOUR PROGRAMMING?

I'LL go with YES
PROPAGANDA 
Makes you a zombie!
You're probably a decent fella. I'm not going to name call. Suffice to say we have different standards for evidence and veracity. God bless.

How's this thread working for you today, Tom?
One Flynn a flipping.
Love Senator Cotton's courage and strengthen to stand up to the liberal lies
Hey Tom you embarrass all of us. You are in bed w/trump. Let’s see how that goes
There you are cozying up with Trump again trying to defend the Russian links. Country over over party
@wendyvoss @nytimes if they have a real source, it is a liar. The whole story is a lie conspiracy. When Republicans investigat
I'm glad you accept everything Comey said. I presume that includes the part where he concluded that Trump directed him to let Flynn go.
I only knew about this fake news because you confronted them. I never watch or read fake news.
https://twitter.com/USNJack/status/868513738885910528 …
Uh oh. Your buddies are all heading to jail. And you can’t get to the CIA in time to stop it. SAD.
Thank you @SenTomCotton.  Fact is all issues must be addressed and I am glad you are not letting @nytimes just go buck wild on crap. 1/?
For too long media like @nytimes get free reign to report things based on suggestion or else on confidential documents being leaked 2/?

Cotton!!!
"Almost entirely wrong" - which means it's also "almost entirey correct".  What a statement - ha!  Who knew lying was so hard 
Are u sure? almost ENTIRELY wrong means there's very little left that's correct. If u eat almost an entire pie, is half still left over?
Funny how you felt the need to declare Sally Yates as a Democrat three times in that ridiculous thread.
Guess you should have listened to Ms. Yates, Senator.
Why would I believe anything the ny slimes says
You need to start bringing them in front of the committee and make them answer for this bs
How come this failing newspaper knows more of what happened that didn't happen than the gov't? Leaks?
Wow..you want CIA job soooo bad...Will be the best job ever..like 1 you never had before..
Not a good thread today huh. One Flynn a flippin.
So are you embarrassed about this?  You're a Republican so I guess not.
Its the NYT... All they know is lies and obfuscation.
getting better daily. Lies,double talk liesthey twist anything in their favor  Obama,Jarrett who runs adm should be in jail enough is enough
Treasonous vermin.

Jail time is coming. Make no mistake, traitor.
More #fakenews. *Yawn.*
None of the whole Russia story makes sense if you actually look at the facts, unfortunately most people just read the headlines.
And worst yet, believe what they read without question! Most are too lazy or already brainwashed to realize what's going on.
Does @nytimes have a financial-death wish? Where did their real reporters go???
Oh God I'm so tired of hearing this same old Phony story stop already it sounds like a broken record
If you have to ask...

You are definitively going to the wrong place
Do not accept any source that does not report Trump successes & fails
The PROPAGANDA theme of the day was that the economy would CRASH from day-1
And it hasnt
The media is trapped in its own PROPAGANDA CYCLE, and doubles down
On its lies and lies of ommission to perpetuate their need to CONTROL
Why is Seth Rich dead is it just a coincidence that Podesta's call for MAKING an example of someone
To stop the DNC hemorrhaging leaks?
How do you know it's wrong? From classified briefing? Please reveal your sources! Waiting.....
The statement is a logical analysis on publically available info
? The source is CRITICAL THINKING..
Off the subject, if these Susan rice records put in obama library aren't subpoenaed...all you republicans should resign in shame
Gotta say... Love me some Tom Cotton 
This attacking with false information will be allowed to go on sen.cotton until republicans say it's a witch hunt on the POTUS and stop it.
There is nothing to it. R's do little, McCain prob biggest instigators. He needs 2 retire, not a party man & bad influence.
We have a special counsel in no small part because of false stories from the media. Surely the GOP must collectively call out conflicts 1)
Take a note out of the Dems playbook & loudly call for an end to Mueller's witch hunt or at the very least his recusal in to Obstruction 2)
Any evidence to refute it or is this just your feeling?
Its the lack of EVIDENCE that puts the whole Russia HACK in doubt in the first place, its the DNC that withheld servers from FBI, & why?
The Pakistani IT team compromised the DNC servers,and half the DEM laptops in Congress.
Yet Podesta felt compelled to calk for an 'example'
*call

And Seth Rich, who had contact with Wikileaks, died, abruptly,
All to save a firewall that was more of a gill-net...
You’re a partisan hack.
You are one of the most despicable members of Congress. Nothing you say is credible
Could you please take minute and tell us where healthcare for Arkansans stand?  It is critical for so many. Don't screw us. 72143
Obamacare is down the drain , anything is better than nothing
Got Russian connections, Tom?

Just wondering.
Nice question mark at the end, Tom.
Hillary Clinton had a private server in her basement!  Who was listening?
Soooooooooo, how ya doing honey? Everything looking ok? #MAGA
Tom Cotton acts like a guy who's trying to get a promotion in the corrupt Trump swamp. Oh wait... 
Thank you Senator! Keep up the fine work. May God continue to give you wisdom from above & surround you with favor, IJN
@mflynnJR @nytimes 1) POS article.  Truth. CIA & NSA fear O Admin & top brass prosecution because of what Flynn knows...
I’m in timeout again for than one cuz hypocrisy
Senator Cotton I don't believe a word you say
And as you see the left is full of fake news to date. MSM is #propagandanews. So tired of trying to sift through BS. IC is corrupted.
You are a sad, groveling, traitorous sack.
Wow. Tom, way to spin things. You're in bed with @POTUS..SAD! Bigly sad!
You are saying that this story is entirely wrong, are you not revealing sensitive information? It's the only way you'd know that it's fake!
Tom. You must be dizzy from all this spinning
In light of Flynn's plea deal, what are your thoughts now on the @nytimes story?
Hence @nytimes ad campaign you can subscribe & "CANCEL ANYTIME"... because who wants to pay to read garbage solely designed to smear @POTUS
One traitor standing up for another! What we have come to expect from the amoral GOP!
Ummm...
Why is this removed?
This level of inaccurate assessment of the situation is instant qualification for an appointment in the current admin. Congrats.
So, you really think you can run the CIA, when you are this badly misinformed about what was going on?
Cotton knows exactly what went down...He is trying to re-write history so he can capitalize on it. 

Yet all his (soft-balling) bluster about protecting America from Russia [an active aggressive enemy state] & military member, you'd think he'd give a shit about treason, but nope.
2/2 the DNC etc &they are pushing impeachment/overthrow of our @POTUS 24/7. This is an abuse of 1A & in conflict w/their public trust duty.
And 12 hrs later this is @CNN 's total topic of the evening! They can't learn...won't learn.
#NYTSragnews
Say Tom: Prediction: Before this #TrumpRussia thingie is over, you'll be in #handcuffs too. You belong in #prison. #Corrupt #Fraud
NYTimes =Fake failing NEWS!
How’s this story holding up now senator?
Study supports Trump: 5.7 million noncitizens may have cast illegal votes
They sweep under carpet the crimes committed by Hillary, Lynch, Comey, Obama, for example, while fabricating crimes against @POTUS.
@chuckwoolery @CharlieDaniels @RealJamesWoods @POTUS Why aren't the #nyt liable?
Senator Cotton, this tweet thread has not aged well. Tsk, tsk
"Almost entirely wrong" from a news source is unacceptable. "Almost entirely wrong" = Lies, misinformation, use of deception against public.
Tom, did you see the news today about Mike Flynn?
Why does the news media in this country behave as if it controls the population? They are using propaganda 24/7 to maintain control for 1/2
SEN TOM COTTON CALLS OUT @nytimes FOR PUSHING MORE #FakeNews ! AMERICA WAKE UP, THE MSM IS NOT TELLING US THE TRUTH ANYMORE! WE MUST #MAGA
Way to go Tom, kudos to you for calling out the fake news.
Sen Cotton is quickly rising to the top!
Lol lol lol you trump stooge
How do you feel about these tweets today, Senator? BTW, weren’t you on the NatSec Transition team? The same team Flynn coordinated with? Yeah, Mueller might be coming for you soon, too. #LockHimUp
Need a job? #lmao #FelonyFriday
Regardless of factual content,or lack of,the article certainly shows more reasoning than your ill conceived letter addressed to Tehran 2015.
Not true!
The media hides behind 1st Amendment to lie with no consequences, this must change.
Thanks Senator Cotton for setting the record straight. Just another hit piece from failing @nytimes . Sadly they invent news, not report it.
Bahahaha
Bye Felicia!  #MuellerTime #NoQuarter #HangTraitors #YouWillGetYours #KarmaBitch
We are slowly learning how to ignore #FakeNews
Shhhhhhh. Don't. Speak.
End this farce @SenTomCotton . We demand the GOP rally around our @POTUS!!!
ROFLMAO.
Politics has no place when it comes to National Security.
Country before Party. 
Full Stop.
Sure wish msm was held accountable
lol
Re: Flynn - also while FBI was paying 5K for consulting, did FBI show him classified info in 2015? If so they can be charged w felony
Wow, with this spot-on analysis you'd make a great CIA director.
NEW YORK TIMES IS #FAKENEWS
Yeah I'm sure YOU know better, right @SenTomCotton ? What, you were there? Gimme a break...
Except for the NYT book best seller list with Newts book on top

Hypocrite
@SenTomCotton  Much more worried about the business of the people.  Disappointed.
@SenTomCotton this is deplorable. You are deplorable. Trying to confuse Trumps cult followers by spreading more hate and lies!
You got this.  Stay sharp, buddy - nothing will get past you at CIA
I think we're experiencing a new phenomenon called #TrickleDownCrazy
But @BrookeBCNN & Matt @AllMattNYT Rosenberg don't understand Flynn couldn't be compromised after Yates told McGhann Jan 26
What parts are wrong? The NSA was not included in key briefings?
Well well well.

So ... Pompeo is the newest warlock? ~smdh 
How about the implication that Flynn
Would be susceptible to blackmail,
For what?
No one seems to have one good answer on that
False implication. Political hocus pocus.
Flynn cleared by FBI 1/23
Yates on 1/26, w/ no new info, claims possible blackmail implication.
Yates was refusing to defend EO, as compelled by HER position as Executive APPOINTEE- a THREAT to DAMAGE Flynn
Was CYA to NEUTRALIZE Trumo
I'm fairly certain she was working from
Synopsis of conversation documents,
And not tapes, and this is a computer search result 1/2
If the 'transcript' or 'tape' actually supported the CLAIM of EXPOSURE,
WE all would have heard the tape by now...
Why was this quote made unavailable?
how are you even smart enough to know how to tweet
You could not have been more wrong about this.

And they want to put you in charge of the CIA?

Senator Quisling, cherry-picking intel to suit your ideology.

Sick.  Disgusting.  And not even remotely American.

Resign now.
On the other hand, if they cannot find anything, who better to be able to say "Nothing here" than a bunch of Dem supporters.
Timr for investigation
Thanks for calling out this communistic propaganda Paper! Americans don't believe anything they print! Only Liberal Sheep read/ believe it!
What's new. Them and the @washingtonpost are baritone first, truth second.
I think this thread "compromises" your ability to be the next D/CIA.
Bookmarking this thread. You were dead wrong.
And now?
Almost?  Which part wasnt? The briefings, or actually talking to Trump?
18 days. 18 days they let him stay. You are what is called complicit. You are a horrible representative of this state. No honor.
If you cared about your constituents' concerns as much as you care about the good graces of POTUS, you'd be talking abt AHCA, Cuba, taxes.
Tom Cotton is a real one.
why are you interfering with the operation of the fourth estate? comments about democrats and the press are propaganda & uncivil discourse.
by triggering biases against "democrat" and using rhetoric of "lying press" you are pushing into authoritarian territory. focus on issues!
are you part of the class action lawsuit against @DNC for election fraud?
are you a 



     
     



     
     


     
     

     
     
     ???
Dear Mr. Cotton
Ever thought the Russia & now obstruction of justice from Democrats are keeping GOP from investigating them?
YES YES IT IS!
So where do you stand on journalism at Fox News and Breitbart?  Just curious if you're holding everyone to the same standard.  I'll wait.

Very subtle with the repeated Democratic moniker you slipped in there. Now, pls re-write with emphasis added to ANY Republican affiliated actor you included.  Fair is fair!
Federal prosecutors stated Flynn was directed to engage the Russians on 12/29/16 by Donald Trump’s national security transition team.

YOU were on that team. 

The same Tom Cotton who rabidly defended Mike Flynn.

The same Tom Cotton about to be nominated as CIA Director.
How are you feeling about this now, @SenTomCotton?  #FlynntasticFriday
Sen Cotton we're exhausted from this absurd witch hunt & waste of tax dollars based on nonsense. Time to investigate the investigators!
Reps say the Dems and MSM won't get away from Russia "fake news" and focus on real issues, yet here you are doing the same damn thing.
No one believes these stories anymore can we stop
@nytimes Fake News again. Look forward to your retraction.
Unless you were there, We'll see what comes out in the Wash.
@hectormorenco @nytimes The NYT is a tag that is not fit to line a hamster cage. They don't care if they're even close. #maga
Dude, you’re so screwed no one should listen to you either. Resign before the s__t hits the fan.
You were saying? You’ll make a terrific cia director for trump. If he’s still president in a few weeks
Sen. Did you hear the FBI briefing of baseball shooting? Do you believe the FBI now. Spontaneity??? Seriously?? I find FBI troublesome.
They hide CNNs tweet but we can still see it. NOBODY in America cares what NYT or WAPO prints anymore. All lies, hatred & propaganda
Another typical example of a Repub using misdirection & hyperbole.
Propaganda is the left's only tool
Asking the NY Times now to stop. This borders on sedition, & @nypost has supplanted them as real news. #NYC #NewYork
Thank you @SenTomCotton , glad we have a Senator in DC we can count on
Wow aren't you a peach
Are you related to James Hodgkinson?
You partisan hack.
Weren’t you on the team that told Flynn to do this?!
Hey, corrupt SOB:  best case scenario, you’ll be marginalized, hated & a non- person. Most likely you are headed for prison.
Keep flappin’ your gums. Gives more fuel when they burn you, mishka traitor.  Can’t wait for IC to RIP YOU TO SHREDS.
They got the president's name right, and spelled intelligence correctly. 
The rest...ehhhh
Maybe you should delete this now embarrassing thread Senator. What ya think ? 
Oh shit are you the senator who asked sessions about what books and movies he likes?
Yeah I’d believe anything you say as much as I would believe lying trump his swamp monsters or the lying @GOP
We don't call'em the "New York Slimes" for nothing!
Oh, stop.  It's great that Sen. Cotton clarified the report.  Town halls is a totally separate question.
wanna rethink this tweet now, opie?
Day that Sally Yates told @POTUS & @WhiteHouse that @GenFlynn was suspect should have been last day he had Security Clearance .
Are you possibly rethinking this ridiculous thread now that you know today's news? I thought so.
Your questions for AG Sessions were great. The Dems should have put bags over their heads.
9 damn tweets about this ? Get your ass back to work.
SOME willfully blind to Clinton keeping SCI clearances for years after leaving our employ then complain about former DIA Dir FLYNN
Weren't you part of the National Security transition team?  
Hmmmm..... Today's developments are certainly interesting. Just out of curiosity, do you consider yourself a patriot?
Prosecutors stated Flynn was directed to engage the Russians on 12/29/16 by donald’s national security transition team.

Senator Tom Cotton was on that team.…
