the only thing this bill would do is bring more rich elites into the country. Are rich and college educate humans the best ones? Idiots
That bill will get me in after over 3 years and I am none of what you said. Just worked hard and educated myself. I thank him
If you're retweeting Paul Joseph watson, you don't belong here. We have enough haters.
I am heading south ,pal
I know that this isn't a green card issue but why can't Trump hire Americans for his golf courses?  It makes no sense.
His profit would suffer.
Pres....isn't trying 2 make more money....he is trying 2 help AMERICANS
what would have been wrong with having the Bill going 2 conference where house $ Senate could wrk 2 come up with a Bill 4 all
What total bullshit!
Lower skilled immigrants & undocumented immigrants work in agriculture, in the fields. How do they lower wages. Many go into food service.
the great American immigrant stories are of people who came to the US with nothing and made something of themselves. No longer good enuf?
No, what isn't good enough are the 3rd world people who come here with no skills and no means of supporting themselves. assim. to AMERICA!
You're an ignorant person. You're not good enough for America.
Blah, Blah, Blah....snowflake!
We in Arkansas are so proud of you.
So protectionism for people but not goods? And meanwhile crops are spoiling in the fields for lack of workers...
Oh, I know someone like that. An unskilled girl came the US at age 15-- cleaned hotels. Her son became a heavy equipment operator.
Then HIS sons went to college. And grad school. And have their own businesses. And one married me. All thanks to Polish speaking grandma.
Are you honest enough to admit that those we keep letting in (when we don't need any) will soon RULE OVER YOU?  Then go for it!
People are just arrogant enough to believe that they "Have a Handle" on situations when in reality THEY DON'T.
The RAISE Act is blatant nativist pandering.
And those who can buy a green card.
I totally support your efforts. Just need to restrict new immigrants from applying for welfare for the first 5 yrs.
That's already in place
Yes. However it's not being enforced due to inter agency disconnects n State v.v. Federal criteria. Need POTUS executive order
DOA
You are a sorry excuse for a senator. Arkansans are worried about losing their health care and you worry about immigration
I assume you'll want to create new signage for the Statue of Liberty now?!?

Exactly how are employers suddenly going to find money to pay US born employees a decent wage for jobs typically paying low wages?
How do you plan to address the RAISE in prices resulting from a rise in labor wages? And the undercutting of prices by lower-cost imports?
I'd rather have low skilled White immigrants than high skilled non Whites.
A
Since u can't get the votes 2 pass...why R U mis-leading us...we need ur Bill 2 pass,..but u can't deliver it
Bigot
How much should a restaurant pay a dishwasher?  Low skill = low pay.
No white people are cleaning hotel rooms or washing dishes.
@sentomcotton, I love this bill, glad someone has the balls to say what's on my mind!
Raise the bar for immigrants, lower the bar for USDA chief scientist? Clovis has a PhD in Public Admin. Please do not support the nomination
Seriously, practice what you preach. Why hold immigrants to higher standards than our own government?
Good luck getting apples, strawberries, etc. Maybe you have a teenager who needs a job. You GOPs are disgusting
This policy is racist. If you believe it isn't racist to target people because of a language barrier YOU ARE WRONG! And a racist.
This is the worst that we as Americans have to offer; a nation of immigrants, closing the door behind us.
The RAISE Act is in-American & repugnant.
Luck passing with own republican senators and congress lol! And call urself a Christian?! Give me your weak, poor, & hungry. Forget that?
To undo Demographic damage the Demos have perpetrated on US for decades, ONLY White, English-speaking, Judeo-Christian immigrants allowed!

Narrow-mindedness will only get you as far as Nowhere, and once you're there, you are lost forever.
#tomcotton #replaced #APAC
Tommy used to get plunked by bulk/brwn kids? Probably took his girl??? A nerd trying some pay back? Nneerrrdddd!
Edit the bill to focus on excluding those who will be on welfare.Hard working honest folks should be allowed in regardless of skill/educat'n
You need to see who is doing the work in your state.
Thank you for striving to keep your word...
worst, a racist bill
... with this crap bill, I wouldn't have had qualified to be here.  I have 2 masters degrees, by the way.  this is an uninformed bill, and..
If we had introduced this bill before, we wouldn't have had many, many american success stories including technology.....
this is racist.  it doesn't raise any wages.  I have seen how american born workers shun field work or even fast food work...
Trump is a Snob and Bigot.  A big part of Trumps base don't gave the job skills Trumo is trying to impose on immigration laws.  Shame on you
Cotton you have aligned yourself with a bigot.  This has,nothing to do with keeping criminals out and our country safe.
What happens to people who are already stuck in green card backlog for decades? Legal, tax paying law abiding helping economy and community
Americans go to other countries all the time & we rarely know their language before moving there. This "Racist Act" is just plain wrong!
And you say only people who speak english can enter our country? They are from other countries that don't speak english! DUH! RACISM
Instead of basing this "Act" on reality, you think this will make the white racists vote for you, even though this will not result in growth
So i imagine a bunch of ignorant prejudiced guys like you sit in a room & say what can we do to stop diversity in our country? Racism?
89% of economists say this will not not work and will actually slow job growth in the US. Does anyone ever thnk about talking to experts?
Oh wow
That statement is untrue
great job!
ANSER DRUG MULES AND VAGABONDS SEX TRAFFICKERS '''KATE KILLERS''
Tell this to losers like @Acosta. he's extremely ignorant!! The American workers have suffered enough to for the last 16 years!
Why don't you give your 36% Trump voters , skilled education,  'English" classes and skilled jobs.. "The White Work less Class" needs help!
If you're interested in raising American  wages, will you urge @realDonaldTrump to increase federal minimum wage?
Total republican disaster!!!
If number of immigrants is changed consider a formula to fluctuate w % workforce participation rate biannual average inversely
@sendavidperdue Or allow the others to be a DACA  have been here and will stay anyway.
I don't care about an #Immigrants "skills". I care about their ideals & want of the American Dream.
Tell that to the folks running Tyson's.
This is twisted as folks who work for Pres Dum Dum. I commit to work to unseat u. Need to speak English? U speak Spanish? No Mexico for u!
I support this
Ooooh maybe do Hannity's show next, really show us all that brave courage in harming other humans because they speak differently. #SenWimpy
Wow yr soooooo brace to face a sycophantic talk show host. My God , the bravery. People will talk of this segment for ages. #NoTheyWont #Sad
Who would win in a wimp contest? You or Tucker? Maybe throw in Kushner and you could all start a sorority. #KappaKappaNoodleArms
I can't wait to see what dummy proposal youll come no up with next. Banning the handicap? Barring Christians from church? #PleaseBeSmarter
So when you were a kid was yr dream to crookedly accept a rigged seat and then be evil and racist? #EvilDumbo #PleaseLearnThings
Thank you @SenTomCotton have been working in the US for more than a decade as high skilled immigrant, still does not even have EAD #hope
Your kidding right ? So what your telling We the people is your a racist ? Because to a normal Joe this bill is racist. Smh wake up people
Geez! Have you no decency? In Immigration like with Health care your goal is to include the less? What is wrong with you all @GOP
Shameful. This nation was built by immigrants and not just the "best skilled". Stop cozying up to a pure racist like Stephen Miller.
Slavery is real, see you voted to take away health care for Americans and now won't Poc gone from immigrant country
You're a racist, plain and simple.
LMFAO at your babbling about nothing.
This year their descendants just happen to occupy The White House...
In what alternate universe would this raise wages? Don't conflate immigration numbers with unemployment figures & wages! #RAISEAct is stupid
Racists R Us
How can you stand behind this racist bs. #shame #resist
Studies show immigrants either take low paying jobs we don't like or they are very successful & HIRE 100s of Americans! Tell the truth! SAD!
What a falsehood! Yore as crazy as the prez. Go into hiding.
Let's see, who can I treat terribly this week so my rich white friends & I get richer? Trying to distract us from Russia, Trump's lies, etc?
Tom PLEASE push this green card bill it helps all working US citizens this should be so easy to pass !!!
Did U actually relate citizenship to when a worker takes a shower?
@sendavidperdue fails again on #Immigration 
Cc: @SenateGOP @SenateDems
I am so proud of this bill.. I love it!  Has been so long in coming.  Unfortunately.. @LindseyGrahamSC is already blasting the #RaiseAct.
Will this bill help those workers at the Tyson CHICKEN Plant in Nashville, AR.  Help your AR voters first.
You obviously do not understand that many Americans don't want low paying jobs. There are plenty of jobs for everyone, due to Pres. Obama!!
When are you sending Melania, her parents, and Trump's first wife Ivana back to their countries... their English sucks!!!!
Stop giving #visas to #foreigners #professors communists & socialists who come to our #universities to brainwash our youth in hating #USA
Resign
This will NOT be good for AR—an agricultural state that relies heavily on immigrant labor. You're supposed to serve Arkansans, not Trump.
Sen Cotton. Please be honest. This won't work. Would someone like Mrs Trump be allowed in today.
Good luck getting this to pass. 
#AnotherGOPfailure
This is more of the (SOSO) Same Old Same Old, with a different twist.
Look how they're admitting the problem here and PRETENDING to solve it
I luv it! Up until the day before they introduce bills, they never even admit there's a problem at all!
Now they admit there's a problem but Not To Worry; HERE'S the Solution: MY BILL!
You mean we've been adding the city of San Fran every year in unskilled immigrants and not a PEEP outa Congress?
"All editors and their assistants on newspapers published in the [GOP]language shall be [GOP] citizens. "
"Any further immigration of non-Germans must be prevented. We demand that all non-Germans...shall be compelled to leave...immediately"
You sir, have brought America to a new low. Absolutely shameful.
"Those who are not citizens must live in Germany as foreigners and must be subject to the law of aliens. " Adolf Hitler
"Only those who are our fellow countrymen can become citizens. Only those who have German blood, regardless of creed,can be our countrymen."
Senator Harris is opposed to it, therefore you should be against it to.
This is a sham. Ask Trump about all the immigrants his companies employ & why they just asked for more. We, the people, aren't blind/stupid!
Yes, lets get Americans in jobs 1st then we can think about others. But for now, we take care of our own citizens, white, black, hispanics
Ditch Trump. He has no power anymore. You look foolish standing next to him. You lose power being associated with him.  Stupid bill.
stop shining isreali boots . We all know you have another nationality. Get out of America
Sound like there's little support in Congress for your bill. Keep striking out
Shut up. Also, tell the truth. You also allow for non-English speaking Chinese immigrants as long as they invest in Kushner.
shame on you cotton
Wouldn't it have been simpler to just say "No Spanish speakers"?
So what do we do with Melania? And Ivana?
Great!
How do you define "best-skilled," huh? You don't belong in govt. I thought the trump admin was against elitism.
We're stuck with this guy until 2020. What a jackass. Sure, just encourage more bigotry from the trump administration.
Dear Sen, I would also urge you to address folks who are waiting in line for decade to get a GC.
A lot of high skilled people from India, who have been the "unwanted and ignored legal immigrants in US" are excited for this bill! 
Is that like "give us your huddled masses"? Are you going to discriminate against rich immigrant too or just working ones?
Funny thing, the Constitution, doesn't apply to foreigners outside the US.
The RAISE ACT, or, The RACIST ACT would have kept everyone of us from being an American, since our ancestors didn't learn English til here!
Well done putting racist, xenophobic Stephen Miller out in front of your bill. How DO you sleep at night? @SenateMajLdr @SenSchumer
Why do you hate poor people?
They don't pay him.
@realDonaldTrump this legal immigration reform is trying to jury rig the demographics! No green card for Cubans, Non English speakers?
Your proposed changes to immigration policy is a joke. This policy is racist and against everything America represents. It will harm America
Not it wouldn't. We've tried this before.
American low-skilled workers don't work; they complain and vote Republican. We will be in a bad way
The Dems are more worried about MS-13 living next door to an American
I criticize you when I think you're wrong. This one you have right.
1) Give the best high paying jobs to immigrants

2) All the low wage jobs go to Americans

3) ???

4) Profit
@POTUS @GOP DO NOT represent this country, Americans, our values! You are a reprehensible bunch of bigots, spreading hate, exclusiveness!
Let me get this straight.  High skilled immigrants will help wages?  No.  More low skilled jobs will open up for Americans.  That is all.
Jobs report came out today.The only jobs open are @ fast food restaurants.Trump has nothing. They're trying 2 make average Americans slaves.
Quite hypocritical as @flotus barely speaks English after 22 yrs in US w no proof of high school diploma & has zero skills! She's a bimbo!
@MELANIATRUMP 1st example of #raiseact being hypocrtical! Also Frederich Trump (grandpa) & Elizabeth Christ (mom) were 0 skill immigrants!
Of course it came from you. Why am I not surprised? Go take that poem off the Statue of Liberty for us will you? Thx
What % are on government assistance???
In Arkansas, 60% of SNAP recipients are white.
Larger % of black pop on SNAP. Would be nice if nobody was on it. 
Your profile says USMC vet, thank you for your service.  Was at Lejeune.
61% is larger than 31%.
I was talking % of pop. blacks 15% of pop but 36% of the people on snap. like I said before it would be nice if NOBODY was on it. take care.
Put a limit/impose a moratorium on H1-b VISAs until the displaced Americans who lost their jobs to H1-b foreign workers get FT employment!
Says the racist white nativist longing to be prez
Then vote to raise minimum wage in all states or Arkansas  Well Cotten how about it .....the Hipocrite party
Ignorance is your forte. Too lazy to win your own seat. It was bought by the Kochs
The RACIST Act will not raise working Americans' wages, but will raise HATE. When you LIE so much, nothing you say is considered truthful!
#RacistAct 
#Trump
#DavidPerdue 
#TomCotton 
Not working 4 the American people..traitors that make their $ off the backs of others.
#racist
Funny no one calls Bernie a racist when he has been harping on this for years. It's why he voted against amnesty.

Okay, you're racist. We get it.
Had you implemented this sooner, I would have had my green card by now. Regardless, I'm glad that finally there is some traction
Awesome job, Sir!
Trump tower was built off the backs of exploited Polish immigrants that were underpaid, got $5 per hour, some unpaid
That's a LIE!
No Trump bot, its not a lie, there was a big lawsuit filed by the workers, even Fox news verified it. http://www.foxbusiness.com/politics/2016/02/26/polish-worker-speaks-out-following-trump-rubio-spar.html …
I believe that any employer usually hires the best applicant & America doesn't need a senseless bill to help discrimination!
Very difficult to watch you and Senator Perdue justifying this plan. Nothing American about it. This was the best you could come up with?

You are a dispicable human.
Figures an Arkansas man would promote a KKK type law.just like trump
Hail victory!
Tom Cotton for POTUS 2024!


Would you wash her feed her and clothe her and above all would you love her #refugeeban just say no. 
"Best skilled" - you want white, ambulatory, straight, English speaking. Be honest.

Syrian newcomers using food to tell the story of home, find their way in Canada - The Globe and Mail http://ow.ly/aHZp30e5Ur2 
allowing immigrants with better skills than Americans seems a sure way to ensure immigrant get American jobs

#syria is not in the news anymore but it's children are still buried in the rubble daily 
