the country already has robust vetting for immigrants & refugees. It does not discriminate against christians. You're a liar
Only when compared to the EU. @SenTomCotton
yeah she was Pakistani... not one of the 7 banned countries. Don't try to justify plain racism
Radical Islam is not "a race". @SenTomCotton
banning 7majority Muslim countries (btw none of which have committed mass terror against US) is pretty racist yeah
You support your mayor don't you? What a hypocrite you turned out to be. @SenTomCotton
my mayor @SadiqKhan is a Muslim and a great leader for us. Farage lost his seat in Parliament, bigotry loses
Bigotry always looses. Time will tell. #Brexit @SenTomCotton @SadiqKhan
You're wrong. Both Director of FBI & Homeland Security said before Congress  can't be vetted properly No papers!
OR how about the contributions r homeless vets could make if we spent the money on them instead of refugees
We've already brought over 750,000 refugees. When will it be enough.
If you've been paying attention you'd know most Americans know that we already do extreme vetting and this is bigotry. #facts
How can you say that when Direct of Homeland Security & FBI both said before Congress u can't properly vet them.
#alterativefacts  Comey said it was better than ever. Beruff distorted his statement.
I heard him say it's impossible to properly vet Syrians. U can't vet someone with no paper trail
Not sure who you mean by "him" but you didn't hear either people you mentioned. #alternativefacts
Comey  testified before Congress
yep, watch it.
.  https://youtu.be/63Z2HB3IqFw 
Thank you Tom Cotton. NO to ISIS massacres re: Germany & France in 2016.  New Europe welcomes jihad.
collaborator.
@you sir are a weasel. What a misleading crap of a statement. Un-American @SenTomCotton
We must avoid the path Europe took - ISIS invaded their refugees.
Does America's left wish America's doors thrown open wide to anyone on earth?   Europe's tried it.  Chaos!  Chaos! http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2017/01/30/trump-changes-immigration-favor-american-values/ …
Totally wrong Mr.Cotton.
You made more sense on the Senate floor than any that spoke before you . Thank you sir, you did a good job today.
Y'all like your Fascist now Sooie.
hope ur voters listen and learn.
Fareed Zakaria gives his take on President Trump's executive order. 
This act is totally unconstitutional and against the Equal Protection Act.
Hitched your wagon to a maniac? Bad idea. Discriminating based on religion. This will be your last term #notmypresident
I would like to refer you to the 1965 Immigration and Naturalization Act.  It provides preferences for entry into our country.

the 1965 Immigration and Naturalization Act supplements this clause of the Constitution.  That's how the law works.
correction... amends prior Federal law.
We support you Tom @SenTomCotton
I am an Arkansan, and you do not speak for me. Beyond disappointed!
out of here NEXT ELECTION we will remember!!
blatant racism and islamophobia is not going to make america safe, and as an arkansan, I do not stand behind this
you know who has suffered from genocide in Syria? Syrian refugees.
wrong! You are a trItor to this country! You don't represent all Arkansans views, mainly only those bought by Koch Bros.!
Why isn't Saudi Arabia or Pakistan included in the list. Kindly refresh yourself w/ HS History. Hitler started in similar way
#GoodWork keep it up.
Just to be clear:Iraqi refugee in cuffs for 17 hrs at JFK before being allowed in was interpreter for US troops during the war
As an Arkansan I fully object to this order. It goes against the very values I hold dear as an American and a Christian.
Is @SenTomCotton saying that we haven't been checking people before providing them visas? The people of #Arkansas know better.
Was anybody from Yemen free to just jump on a plane and come right over here before the order?
just in case your voters want to know about the group u support.
Hang in there Tom.  Haven't seen 1 of your responders offer to take any of them into their homes. Delusional!
we will be voting against us. You are neither a Christian nor a wise Senator. You are an apologist for the Devil.
a little dramatic there Darth Vader!
The border doors are always open for an exit, Vader! This is OUR time! (((U lost))))
no .. America lost ..
@JaneyMackWriter What about the fact that Giuliani admitted that was the original intent. And that Trump had promised one.
& then let those ppl plead mental illness when they commit a crime w said weapon, without getting them the help they need
america is only unsafe because we allow people who don't need guns to buy guns very easily
Gross, You're such a waterboy
So sad you support the ban...which to me means you condone racism. Down goes the Constitution.
Every voice of reason on both sides of the issue is appreciated.  I feel your are a trustworthy, principled elected Senator.
It is more than just an order, it's not racist, it's not about religion, it's about people who live and breathe hatred and will kill anyone
As an Arkansan, I fully SUPPORT your statement and President Trump!  America First Finally!!!!
Senator this order is long over due.
Didn't you get the Koch memo?  Here is @POTUS44 admins vetting, what would you add?  Question 1, "Will you vote Republican?"
thank you 
WRONG! we're creating more dissent against America by being discriminatory. Concerned too re Banon's power!
Thank you for supporting @potus decision I think you'll find most Americans agree TEMPORARY ban is essential 4 safety sake
Agree 100%. Stay strong. Liberals are going to complain every time you agree w/ Trump. Ignore them. They're irrelevant babies
@realDonaldTrump you need Tom Cotton! He has your best interest in mind and knows foreign policy
The majority of America doesn't agree w/ your sentiments on this Muslim ban. Your statement will come back to haunt you.
blood is on your hands . This is going to harm our soldiers in those countries , harm our democracy stop myopic thinking
I do not support your position, and as an Arkansan I will not accept your position as senator if you do not walk back on this.
please explain why you support this EO that doesn't include nations of terrorists who have committed crimes against the US?
If this order is not racial/religious discrimination then why does Trump prefer Christians? Can't Christian's be terrorists?
Deeply troubled and saddened by your statement.  Your statement does not represent this Arkansan
You're an embarrassment to this country.
.@SenTomCotton Stop lying to the American people-refugees ARE being properly vetted. You are peddling hate & fear.
it's beyond disgusting that you would compromise your values and morals and lie. Shame!!!
http://www.cnn.com/2017/01/27/politics/trump-christian-refugees/ …  You are a flat out LIAR.  It is a religious test!  Trump said it!

Your statement was wrong in so many ways. You should be ashamed of yourself. When are you up for reelection?
remember mid terms are quickly approaching we need reasonable representation not spineless banter like  cotton.
Senator
You should reevaluate your statement on what the people of Arkansas and America have said and showed.
We already vet them. Not 1 fatal terrorist attack has been by a refugee. Do your homework before slavishly cheering bias.
As an Arkansan and a Christian you do not speak for me.
We have extreme vetting for our refugees and your stating we do not makes me wonder if you understand our vetting process.
I STRONGLY disagree with your position on DT's EO and I urge you to remember that Jesus calls us to embrace immigrants.
I agree with The President & Senator Cotton and support them both. Those that don't are naive & don't understand the facts.
a common-sense measure is for you to not be re-elected.
this is contradictory. No religious test, but you highlight "Christians and religious minorities". Electorate will judge you.
BRAVO!!!'
The 227 members of @IndivisEurekaSp vehemently disagree with you. Are you going to stand for American values or insanity?
i will soon be one of your constituents when I relocate - not impressed.  Future vote lost.  This is disgusting.
Canada has 40,000 Syrian refugees, the US 10,000. Canada is unafraid, you're hiding under your bed. @SenTomCotton #immigrationban
Do you actually talk to any Arkansans?  Did you see the response at the State Capitol today?  Time to get acquainted.
Appalled by #MuslimBan & your support of immoral #alternativefacts, & #Biglies. You do not speak for me. #RefugeesWelcome
as an Arkansan, I ask that you reconsider your incorrect statement. Please base it on facts, rather than your ignorant beliefs
Nearly half of U.S. refugees in 2016 were from D.R. Congo, Syria and Burma (Myanmar) http://pewrsr.ch/2f59AAG 
Do your homework. If about safety, then countries involved in 9/11 wld be banned. They do business w/Trump, so aren't. #hatred
history will remember you being on the wrong side. We vet just fine, takes years. You are a bigot
Open message to @SenTomCotton. cc @JohnBoozman @rep_stevewomack
I am a proud Arkansan and I do object to this #MuslimBan.  Stop your fear-mongering!
on your knees with your mouth open in front of #traitortrump
Is it bc of oil or Trump Hotels that he did not ban the country of the terrorist who killed thousands on 911? Stop the lies!
you don't represent my views at all. Very disappointed in your service.
#americanfascist #propaganda #serialliar #
I absolutely support this temporary ban, as I do @POTUS.
shame on you!  You do not speak for all Arkansans.
“prioritizing Christians” is literally a religious test.  Literally.  #muslimban
@hectormorenco I support you and @realDonaldTrump 100%.I see the picturesDon't want that hereNo bleeding heart just a realist
No, sir.  This is not good.  This is not American.
...illegal new rules.  What our "president" just put in place are an embarassment to any decent-minded Arkansan and American.
You spineless, lying brown-noser.  The process you describe as "common sense" is the process that was in place BEFORE these...
and can you please explain why the ban is NOT on the countries that all terrorists in the past decades came from?
You should be ashamed.  This will be remembered and you will own this travesty.  You are a selfish, political coward!!!!
Arkansan here too. And you have my vote 
Right on, Tom.
Not this Arkansan Senator http://www.cnn.com/2017/01/29/us/refugee-terrorism-trnd/index.html?sr=fbCNN012917us/refugee-terrorism-trnd1020PMVODtopLink&linkId=33904688 … I for one do not support the ideals put into your Presidents head by a Nazi

you live in the Lala land bro. #youain'tChristianbro
call it what it is. It's a Muslim ban and you know it. Also, try facts & read the Constitution.
if this conservative is calling the EO what it truly is .. U have no excuse. None.
Funny that it's always "Christians and other religious minorities." What are these other minorities? *scramble to Google them*
I'm an Arkansan; strongly object to the EO & the blatant misinformation you are spreading abt refugees and the vetting process
- There are some nasty Democrats in your state, Senator. Thank you for supporting our president.
Please be assured I will be keeping an eye on your misrepresentations that harm the Arkansas people and America.
you're a coward. I don't support this or what you've said.
Humanity over party! I refuse 2b called "Christian"! Ppl like you are why! Im a believer in GOD, NOT political party! Shame!!!
you continue to disappoint
Once again TOM COTTON, you are on the wrong side of issues. Maybe you should see what is being said http://thehill.com/.../316726-giuliani-trump-asked-me-how …...
Giuliani on the news Fox yesterday stated there the workaround to word a "Muslim ban" so it would not look like a Muslim ban.
You should listen to Ruby Giuliani's statement regarding the fact he was consulted on how to write this to "ban on Muslims".
I'm sick of ppl using religion as a basis of hate, bigotry& discrimination! It's pathetic! Keep Trump in check! Do your job!
what a cowardly little man you are.
Not many are true Christian! You are supposed to be/act Christ-like and ppl who support ban, sure aren't being like Christ!


https://www.nytimes.com/2017/01/28/us/politics/annotating-trump-immigration-refugee-order.html …
@hectormorenco good for you senator cotton
I object to this order and your support of it. US already has thorough vetting & turning away already vetted refugees is wrong
please remember that #refugee resettlement is more nuanced.  You speak as if all refugees come from Syria, which is not true.
My statement on President Trump's executive order on refugees:  http://ow.ly/SkWk308sPwV 
Thank you 4 standing up 4 America and @POTUS in speaking the #inconvenientTRUTH that will keep us safe! 
#InvadersNOTRefugees 
#banShariaLaw
.@SenTomCotton Who Who Are You Senator Tom Cotton this pika where were you when Obama was breaking the laws. Oh that's right  Afghanistan
Thank You
do you really think that General Kelly was consulted? #behonest
what a garbage statement. This isn't what American is about. Stop playing politics and fight for what's right.
you sir, are a tremendous disgrace!
@hectormorenco  don't forget years ago #Obama did this http://abcnews.go.com/Blotter/al-qaeda-kentucky-us-dozens-terrorists-country-refugees/story?id=20931131 …
It states in the EO those exceptions.
This is what Obama did
@POTUS needs to vet all classes of Visas. There are many not listed??? Hmm why not???
As a former green card holder who served and now a us citizen I thank you good Sir
"common-sense" is the last thing I would call these measures and you sir have NONE. (re: statement EO refugees) #nomuslimban
At what point do you decide to separate church and state? Christians being oppressed? Pull your head out of the rice field...
Could you be any more spineless? DJT's loose cannon actions are harming America's rep worldwide. How do u sleep at night?
Do you really think we are this dumb. Quite trying to sell this man's snake oil. We are not buying.
Let him take the time needed to do the job right.  If they are really wanting to come here they will come later
I like the Full Vetting of all Aliens, especially from known terrorist groups and terror countries.
I am an Arkansan, born and raised, and I disagree whole heartedly with you and your support of the current administration.
I am Arkansan and this travel ban horrifies me. In Dallas they're detaining the parents of SMU students, where I go to school.
please see John McCain's thoughtful response to this.  We will remember ALL of your support of Trump on November 6, 2018.
how does taking care of Syrian refugees harm Christians? Follow-up: why do you only care about Christians?
how crazy is it you’re actually scoring points with Arkansans by sending innocents back to get barrel bombed in Syria?
I guess the Good Samaritan couldve had more “common sense” when he clothed and fed that foreigner. That’s prolly Jesus’s point
Isn’t sanctuary city such a beautiful phrase? A city where worship is something ctzns participate in through civic action?
Say goodbye to reelection @SenTomCotton. Seems the good people of Arkansas don't agree w/you and are standing for true #AmericanValues.
I'm Good & I AGREE with Tom!  #AmericaFirst
well, thanks for being good. I think. I will respect that we have different opinions.
#respect
sure it is and you now it. When are the Republicans going to stand up against a crazy man that is working to destroy us?
Disappointing. Refugees R already extremely vetted. Ban also prohibits Christians if they R from 1 of the 7 banned countries.
Thank you Senator Cotton. The Muslim concoction is the race-bate contagion that plagues and paralyzes the federal machine.
From Searcy. You are wrong. The courts will confirm. And what is your position on ACA?
I wish macain learn a little bid from yu senat and all the rest without complaining May God Bless yu
You are so wrong.
as an Arkansan, I disagree with the order and you need to wake up and realize the American People are against this. #resist.
Trump didn't start this problem.  A feckless Congress has allowed illegals in for decades and failed to act.
Secretary Kelly was not even consulted on this order.  It's politics and it's inhumane, as are you.
I'm curious to know how many people actually support refugees? How many of you have donated/volunteered at @canopynwa ?
I know you're new at this job. Perhaps you should follow fellow R Senator @LindseyGrahamSC on this. Politically smarter move!

a very sensible statement. Immigration needs a cooling off period. I support you and Trump admin for taking this approach.
Where do you come up with this baloney. As an AMERICAN, and a Mormon, I object. I remember when Mormons were treated this way.
from what I understand only Muslim folks are affected by the ban, not all foreigners.  so disappointed in Congress.
Tom, I keep waiting on you to grow a spine... There is no excuse for this bs with immigration or Bannon! Man up Tom!
