
Have you actually read the bill yet @SenTomCotton if so please explain how much better is #trumpcare than #AHCA, please enlighten AR
Tehran Tom! Love your audio. You're not only a traitor, you're a pig!
Please tell us you do NOT support this health bill.  Surely, you can't
talking to eye doctors? Where are medical doctors, nurses, hospitals, Planned Parenthood?  Going to defund hospitals that perform abortions?
Please release exactly how this bill will affect Arkansans. How is it better than ACA?  You aren't embarrassed by this bill, are you?
If you vote for this bill Senator, you are voting for Wealthcare. Your constituents will be watching you.
he helped write it. of course he's voting for it. he thinks he's safe bc he's not up for reelection until 2020. Tom, we won't forget!
Vote NO on the BRCA! Hurts America's most vulnerable! Stop wasting energy on repealing the ACA and get to work utilizing its great framework
Any EYE OPENERS or is your cash flow from Koch cows, ExxonMobil and DOD contractors so lucrative you rationalize screwing seniors?
Tom, we Arkansans are watching what you do for your constituents.  You've already betrayed us when it came to the future of our education.
Did u brag about taking health care from millions of Americans?  Stripping ability 2 pay 4 nursing home care? Saving that 4 #GOP happy hour?
But don't leave out how Cotton's  proud of giving 600 Billion taxcut to GOP ELITE ON BACKS OF the health of "others"
His shittiness is too much for a single tweet.
Why would u EVER vote for this guy???!!!...
I sure as hell wouldn't.
Please amend and have hearings please think of the families and children who depend on Medicaid. Why not focus on amending what we have?

Please vote NO on AHCA.  Stand up for all Americans and not just the wealthy and special interests.
Why did you waste their time?
Crushing Medicaid to over 70 million people is WRONG. Please reconsider this atrocity of a bill.
Your constituents will not be able to afford glasses if you vote for the disgraceful Senate bill.
he wrote it. He'll vote for it. He's the jerk who said people are addicted to food stamps. We're also addicted to health.
Did you brag about how many needy folks will lose their healthcare under your plan. Maybe Koch will give you a bonus.
he's avoiding that. He's been nowhere to be seen since gutting us with a fish knife.
GOP sabotaged Obamacare bc they were terrified that people esp poor  red-state Republicans who benefit the most from ACA—would like it- AK
Tick off ACA items and they will tell you they like it. Ask about Obamacare and they hate it. Wonder why.
Cause they are stupid?
I am out for replacing crappy politicians-both sides-but I will say I am impressed with you. Keep pushing!
Did they tell you to not support this death bill? Bet they did.
Now's the time to protect your constituents. We know you've been in a war. Are you brave enough to stand up for us? Vote no!!
Would you please work to get Govt. OUT of health care???  Please!
These are the facts about the GOP healthcare plan:
I live in a poor district here in AR & we want R @POTUS to be successful so Americans here will be helped & jobs & healthcare! Pls support!
Remember Country over party. You are a veteran, don't let this job take your dignity. Do the right thing. We are watching. #DoYourJob
How can even stand to be associated with that abortion of a healthcare bill that came out today. Just shameful.
"When citizens have to beg their government to spare their child's life, I think we have lost our moral compass."  - Marsha Terry
Looks like you have a lot of catching up to do #notrumpcare #noahca
He's just starting out, but he's trying to get there. Ugh! 2020 can't get here soon enough.
Maybe they could help you see what a mess you're making with healthcare.
But you will still vote for this monstrous bill that you helped to write. smh
How can we stop by and talk with you?
Because optometrists tend to be covered under general insurance.  Senator, you will be judged harshly when your medicaid base gets slammed.
I hope they help you "see" the harm jamming a bill through without true debate will do to millions of Americans!!
I just don't know you you sleep at night...YOU ARE MEAN
Please oppose repeal of ACA taxes that create cuts in Medicare.  America first, not the 1% first.
their plan is to phase it out completely
Did they check your prescription? You don't seem to see things all that clearly...
Did they testify about the bill?  Have any doctors or medical groups publicly testified about the bill?  How about CBO economists?
I KNOW YOU ARE GONNA VOTE AGAINST THAT AWFUL HEALTHCARE BILL? YOU WERE SENT TO DC BY THE PEOPLE OF AR AND WE NEED YOI TO DO THE RIGHT THING!
I MEAN YOU @SenTomCotton! DO THE RIGHT THING AND VOTE NO TO THIS BILL! CHOOSE RIGHT OVER PARTY! THIS IS INSANE AND YOU KNOW IT!
Did they give you statistics on how many patients will lose their sight when no longer able to afford their glaucoma meds? 
Glaucoma meds? I thought only surgery would fix it.
Meds lower the pressure in the eyes. First choice for treatment.
Thank you. I didn't know that. I am in beginning stage of glaucoma so I can ask about that. Thought I just had to wait for surgery.
Now that is a priority.
Hopefully, they had 20/20 vision!
#Shame
Capitol Police dragging a disabled protester away without his wheelchair. 
