So will there also be funds set aside for education? Plenty of Americans need help with their English, too.
Disaster in the making!!!!
Hint, Get rid of Stephen Miller. His nazi like verbiage is sickening and UN American.
It's gotta be bad for the country if bilderberg cotton and establishment Purdue want it along with lyin Trump
Should be ashamed and please don't go to Church Sunday
Give us your heterosexual, educated, English speaking people, yearning to vote Repub (or if you're a hot woman, that'll work too) @iamsambee
The majority of people I know who won green cards through diversity lottery, are not working and getting welfare benefits, so unfair!
Praise God for gifting Senators Cotton & Perdue for there boldness in this time of uncertainty.
#american #replace #news
Shame on you Tom Cotton - this bill hurts Arkansas farmers, factory workers and poultry suppliers.  You betray our state.
This bill has nothing to do with temporary workers!
GREAT bill!
Shame
After I WATCHED the venomous lies flow from your forked tongue, a wrote this ADDENDUM outside my house on your RACIST Act.
Why is it racist to put the interests of American workers first?
Cotton & WH do not actually care about American workers, but they do care about spreading their xenophobia - thus the RACIST Act.
Can you point to some member of Congress who DOES care about American workers?
This is a positive bill that supp a strong future 4 our grand-children! We cannot continue 2 allow immigration to be a burden on taxpayers!
a has been who's loosing a seat in Senate followed by the other
Another Trumpster and Cotton disaster!!!!!!!
He should be ashamed, but isn't. We need to make sure he is NOT re-elected. This is the only thing that will help. #VOTETHEMOUT!
So proud of my Senator, David Perdue. As a teacher, I have seen the drain on our schools by immigrant children.
RAISE act is nothing but RACIST act! Won't pass!
It will raise wages for blacks and Hispanics .. it will bolster the middle class . It is the policy of Canada, Australia , Denmark , NZ
They have Blacks and Hispanics in Denmark and NZ?
Stop lying!!!
What??? I'm saying it will benefit American minorities greatly ..
I know and I was joking. Couldn't careless what others are doing. This is America, in case you forgot! We have a FAKE president as you know.
Cotton is brilliant! Texans trust him!
But maybe... there will be no one else to scapegoat for ones own failures
And now all of the C and D high school dropouts will get high paying non-union jobs. Great job fixing America!
Great Bill #TheRaiseAct We NEED this Passed Now!!
Thank You so much for this. The immigration system today is broken and unfair.
I always ask - what native american tribe are you from - because otherwise you are immigrant and your parent's parents were lucky! Go Home!
Bigot
Thank you but try to help people who are in waiting for GC many years.
Congress can be confident & take decisive action on immigration as it relates to a work value system .But on HC  7 years in waiting #Nadda
I have never been so embarrassed for our country. You are not leaders.
stop campaigning for presidency. Maybe you should spend few hours just listen to people of Arkansas.Replace cotton
You are a discrace to America
You're not selling it right. need to emphasis putting U.S. ppl back to work> off of ObamaCAID/Welfare INSTEAD of importing MORE LOW COST PPL
Some say your bill protecting American workers is "racist" but offer no explanation 4 Y they think so.  Shallow thinkers 2 B sure.
Related: President's speech in Poland recalled the unique role of #Poland in modern history. It is now time to add Poland to visa waivers.
More racism from Trumpland
Your healthcare vote will harm people and you don't give a damn
you're afraid of the wrong things. is there some direct line from Harrison constituents that help fuel your racism?
Xenophobe. Racist. Liar. I could go on, but seriously Arkansas can do SOOO much better than you.
You are pitiful

@SenTomCotton putting forth legislation stating that preference is given to legal immigrates speaking English? Read Lady Liberties scroll
Cutting immigration was 1st proposed by Harry Reid, Barbara Jordan, President Clinton, & the Sierra Club.

@TomCottonAR is on solid ground!
Tom Cotton: Great uncle Theodore Roosevelt would call you a barn snake or gutter snake
Cotton: has the banjo player from deliverance on speed dial, for hoe downs
you are an embarrassment to Arkansas
Nice work gentlemen!
One more plum for your White House run - we will STOP you.
Couldn't we have a system that is both generous and merit based?  This law sounds unnecessarily cruel.
they do have a "Make America White Again" goal and there are literal Nazis in the WH. this is exactly what they want.
You have two strong leaders here FOLLOW THEM! @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @HouseGOP @freedomcaucus @SenateGOP
This will be the most beneficial thing you can do as senator to help working people !! Fight hard for @TheRAISEAct
why dont you ENFORCE current laws instead of coming up with bs? ENFORCEMENT NOW!  WE WILL DRAIN ALL YOU SWAMP CROOKS!
Run for President in 2024
THANKS SENATOR @SenTomCotton
Thank you, Senator. I support the RAISE Act.
@SenThomTillis @SenatorBurr
Shame
Thank you for this RAISE Bill!!!! This sort of immigration reform is LONG overdue!
Shame
Nope!
Thank you, Senator. Godspeed now.
No way it passes unless the Democrats get to allow illegals to vote.
Will this also cut the H2B Visa that Trump uses to get foreign workers for his properties?

Because Trump is pushing to Expand that Program.
yet he signed it so, what does that say, they still gonna stab him in the back, so its true he is a globalist
This is awesome. Just get it passed!
