he thinks 50k a year is a great compromise  This is why I detest all the GOP pieces of crap
in 2018 all that matters is we don't lose our majority to Dems or they will impeach Trump
get ready for impeachment #2018
lol please tell me how you'll get a Dem majority?
Dems need to win 85% for majority. GOP needs 12% to stay. You seen the size of protests?
So you think the size of ur protests will somehow translate to votes?
no refugees,NONE. Not welcome here to mooch off the taxpayer. Most are illiterate and contribute NOTHING. #REFUGEESNOTWELCOME
how about 0 refugees? Immigrants are fine.
Wow...now you are interviewing with White supremacist news stations?! You are out of your freaking mind!!!
this is Despicable! Have you read their white nationalist, very misogynistic propaganda?  Say good bye to your job!
I can't follow you or trust you anymore. That's a White Supremacist website. Worried now you have ties to Russia, too.
Breitbart? Seriously? I really hope the people of AR wake up.
i hope  @SenatorBurr  and @SenThomTillis will support the RAISE Act
I'll continue to ask @SenThomTillis and @SenatorBurr to support the RAISE Act. #ShePersisted
Please sign a petition asking for @SenThomTillis townhalls.  Pls retweet! #TheResistance
no thanks. i speak directly to his field representative if I have any concerns.
u should not be importing poverty until we have no more in America!
why are you interviewing to this wildly racist and xenophobic outlet? Shame on you.
Fake News.
Sure like those FAKE NEWS PROGRAMS don't you?
why are you talking with known alt right pushers come to ElDorado we need a town hall
I don't want to pay for any refugee until you fix American failing schools and start living within your means
.@SenTomCotton Why will you make time to talk with these guys, but not your constituents? What are you afraid of?
.@SenTomCotton Also, let's chat about RAISE. My husband is an immigrant, but he's also white. So in your eyes, is he bad or good?
you're confusing him. He may have to watch a SNL skit of Spicer to know what "extreme" vetting looks like.
this a propaganda magazine. Congrats on the interview 
cut refugees and migrants to 0
No time for talking to Arkansans, but KKK radio is ok?  Enjoy your short time in Washington.
speaking with noted nationalists and white supremacists. Smooth.
I am shocked that you would try to give that organization respectablity - it deserves none.   I will NOT listen.
NO thanks! So why are you afraid to have a town hall meeting?  Do.your.job.
We will be running a real conservative against Cotton next time. 50k from countries that hate us... So weak!
Every 10,000 refugees cost the TAXPAYER 6.5 billion dollars. How many refugees has Israel or Saudi Arabia taken?
I like this idea except I'm worried about refugees from terror nations. I don't want to be Europe
You ppl need to stop this idiocy! We don't want any refugees! None! Enough! 50k a year is 50k too many!
50k refugees a year!! And ur taking about it like its a great compromise! What planet are u from? WE DONT WANT THIS!!!!
Hey if you talking to Bannon got my respect
love how libs are commenting pretending they ever supported you Sen. Cotton. Thank you & keep up the good work!  @YouTube
no
Can't believe you went on White Supremacist radio. Selling your soul to get to the top. Not a decent Christian at all.
No way I'm listening to Breitbart. Hold a town hall.
CAN NOT BELIEVE YOU WOULD LEGITIMIZE BREITBART NEWS!!  DISGRACEFUL, DISGRACEFUL, DISGRACEFUL!  YOU EMBARRASS US. #DumpCotton
Cotton and you failed to mention the 'fact' the Senators who 'played' with handing out the 'free' visas were making money w it
I'd rather you do a town hall re: issues that impact Arkansans. Remember us? The people you're supposed to represent?
no thanks. @BreitbartNews is bullshit
NOPE! Represent your state with some dignity. Oh wait, most of us are too poor to pay you to listen to us!
I respect and thank you for your service to our country Senator Cotton, but that is all I have for you.
Brietbart? Seriously? Your 15 minutes are about up, Senator.
You are talking to them. No votes for you!!!!!!
1000s! of arkansas constituents request a town hall, but you're too busy! but have time support white nationalist propaganda?
You proud to promote White Supremacy & KKK?
thanks racist for being on a racist's show.No surprise really.
what are you doing to save ACA? how many Arkansas will lose their coverage ? Actuarially, ACA works,
what are you doing about General Flynn and his treasonous act? What are you doing about Trump's conflict of interest?
........ and businesses man. They are not taking jobs but creating employment
most of immigrants who came through family near by me are either doctors, optometrist, biomedical engineers.........
what would happen if your parents left you in orphan house when you were a child? We can't leave our parents when they need us
immigrant are not taking their whole village with them.
Make sure your resume is up to date. Will be happy to vote you out.
Stop talking to Breitbart!!  You are making it worse!  #traitor #disgrace
, why are you talking with white nationalists? Arkansans reject them and you.
Instead of addressing & replying to constituents' concerns, you associate with white nationalists.
#JusticeDemocrats
You are truly shameless.
if you support and speak to Breitbart that's enough to say unfollow and campaign against!  #SwampCreatureNeedToDrain
I've lost what little respect I had for you.
Breitbart??? Seriously Senator, your Mighty White is showing.
TRAITOR TOM AT IT AGAIN DISGUSTING KOCHSUCKER .
Why the fuck would you be interviewed by a hate website? Jesus Christ what is wrong with you?
#racist #scumbag #DONE
shameless Obnoxiously shameless. I'm ashamed enough for you and your mom! God bless that woman, a retired teacher.
I'm a Veteran. And my father before me. We sang songs like "napalm sticks like glue, kills a commie and their mommy too" SMH
soon as I read Breitbart I knew whatever you were saying was bullshit. As you Russians like to say "fake news".
I'll never listen to anything from Breitbart and I'll never vote for you #FakeNewsAlert #whitesupremicist
.@SenTomCotton Of the various White Nationalist platforms available to you, how do you determine which you'll use for self-promotion?
glad to see you've hitched to the Trump/Bannon train. Your career will follow suit when it goes of the rails
#FakeSenator
Scary that you got interviewed by Breitbart. I guess now we know where you stand on white supremacy. #Terrifying
Breitbart?!? Oh heck no. #fakenews
senators should be on a one year lease. We need to trade you in
hahahahahaha no
why am I not surprised that you're affiliated with  Breitbart?
