Federal hiring freeze hurts vets who want jobs, VA hospitals & military childcare centers.
I'm an Army brat so know & love military folk & their families. My dad, a Colonel, served in Korea and VN.
Do you mind if I ask what subjects you taught to high school students?
I think every American should take Spanish. Wish I'd studied that language. Needed an interpreter at my job.
Sir, please be aware that a LOT of those people were 'Obama plants'..they've been recruited by #OFA!
Obama's OrganizingForAction is recruiting/training people to disrupt Republican's town halls. Their questions are 'rehearsed'!
you're right about some questions being rehearsed.
People who attended went thru a 6-wk training course on what questions to ask, when to boo, where to sit, etc.
can you identify which persons in attendance went thru this course?
You deserve credit @SenTomCotton for holding a live town hall. Tough questions but at least you took them. Unlike @SenDeanHeller #coward
proud that @SenTomCotton held a #CottonTownHall.  Next time I want him to be responsive to the questions asked.
Cotton was unresponsive. NV @SenDeanHeller refuses to have a live town hall unless we agree not to boo or applaud! Crazy!
Agree not to boo or applaud? Reminds me of when I used to teach Kindergarten!  Are y'all children?!?
#whataracistyouare
My family has lived and owned a business in Ark for 25 years. It hurts to be called paid protesters. Try concerned citizens.
these town halls and DJTs plummeting approval ratings have got to make you wonder.
Thank you fir having the guts to show up and face citizens. Other senators are cowards. Citizen voices matter ty
The woman from indivisible ACA can be repealed & not replaced. Not a law of land or constitution it is mandate.
The lady in the blue shirt got her performance cue's from Ashley Judd's nasty woman speech
Well, that went well.
Thank you for having a Town Hall!  Looking forward to you answering questions at the next one!  #CottonTownHall
Don't delude yourself into thinking this is a movement. This is a hiccup that will soon be undone. Will you still be standing?
Seriously @@Evan_McMullin you could beat this shower of "conservatives" with your hands tied if you created real movement.
I hope you are getting the message We Arkansans are tired of the lies coming from the Trump Administration Save ACA
I am from Benton & couldn't make town hall. Concerns voiced tonight are echoed by growing # of us. We are watching & we vote!
good for you Donna! Keep em honest!
You need to be listening to us. YOU NEED TO BE LISTENING TO US. Represent us better. ALL of us.
great video folks !!!
Once Congress gets on the same insurance plan, the health insurance industry will improve. It's actually that simple to fix.
Great job Senator Cotton! Please work on getting rid of our state taxes, too.
great job Senator.
it was an electoral college win, by a few thousand voters in a few states, most of whom already regret the choice they made.
It was awesome. Will you listen to us now?
no he didn't and if someone did this to obama or a transgender u snowflakes would melt@
You Sir are a Brave Patriot, Statesman & True Hero for Arkansas Kids. Facing these #OFA Facists & #MoveOn Thugs took guts.
Stand Tall Senator. The people that count are with you and support you
Great to see Americans stand up to demand and protect Affordable Healthcare Climate Change and Equality
AND PBS FOR TOBY!!! PBS PBS PBS
nice job. pence is not an acceptable potus post-impeachment fyi.
You did a freat job at the townhall meeting. Don't let a few loud-mouthed, paid protestors blur  the message.
You can tell by the hashtag trending these people were the #TheResistance
ready to watch some leftist astroturfing?
He will be voted out next election
Nothing to do with god, it's 100% completely up to his constituents! Y'all do work!
What @SenTomCotton isn't telling you is if you have PRIVATE INSURANCE the ACA effects YOU. No life caps, covered testing, all part of ACA.
The entire country saw this. Listen to your constituents. Trump LOST the popular vote - act like you know that when you vote.
Senator Cotton. For all those CNN showed on line complaining that they need ACA. They should be on Medicare
So, Tom. Did you lie last night during your town hall?
TAX RETURNS
Looks like you got your ass handed to you the other night. Maybe now you'll wake the f*** up!
I am with you you are doing what the voters want. Repeal and replace Obama care thank you thank you
I live in Ark and voted for Cotton and will again.
there is no accounting for stupid sometimes
The little kid at the end of the video is cool. I think he will find that we will be partners with Mexico. NO HEROINE OR METH!
So how many Democrats do think we're there? It's a page from their playbook using little kids to advance agendas!
Why do you only speak in the LR and NW area. You represent the whole state.
Most of those people DO NOT LIVE IN ARKANSAS. Nothing but OBAMA CLOWNS. DEMS will lose all elections for a very long time!
have you ever considered hooked on phonics? It may work for you!
Have you ever considered getting a job?
it broke my heart to hear your constituents begging for their lives. Do the right thing and defend them
Crazy lazy Dems! Sit around and collect welfare with Obamacare. How on earth do you deal with these witches! RUDE REDNECKS
I have over 20 articles on Obama's 31k minion army; 250 offices in US. Being sent to ALL townhalls; maps; schedules; training

All Senators & Cong ppl need to smarten up!  http://www.westernjournalism.com/former-cia-analyst-believes-former-obama-administration-behind-intelligence-leaks/?utm_source=Email&utm_medium=PostUp&utm_campaign=WJDailyEmail&utm_content=2017-02-16 …
Watching it on TV now. These Townhalls are ALL STAGED! MOST are Dems sent there from Obama's Army. FACT! Stop the Townhalls!
you were sent to Washington to represent ALL ur constituents - not POTUS biding or special interest, DO UR JOB
kudos to you for showing up to hear your constituents, unlike so many of your cowardly colleagues #MissingSenators
Yes or no question is answered with one of two things: Yes or no. You are a dense, dense person failing to imitate a human.
well that was mess. Better get with the program Tom. You're a disgrace.
Israel Lobby (neocon)  lackey @SenTomCotton fine with sending 38 billion more to Israel to pay 4 Israeli healthcare: http://www.unz.com/article/israels-38-billion-scam/ …
you rode the tea party wave of anger into power, a similar wave is about to wash you out.
What kind of insurance do you have?  Now you're going yo meet with her? What took so long.  SHAME on you.
people throwing millions of dollars at you "oh hell yeah I'll say whatever you want me to"
but actually knowing where you come from helps me understand you.. you can't help it being from yell county
Man that was hard to watch, you really disappoint me senator
come to Little Rock. Would love to discuss Devos, Trumps tax returns and you being unreadable during Devos vote.
LOL- Obma most imperial presidency in history and the libtard wants to claw back power from Trump. Orchestrated insurrection @SenTomCotton
Liberals aren't going to vote 4 U ever. The election wasn't close in AR & we voted 4 Trump & everything he stands for. #MAGA
Tim, I heard you got owned tonight. Any truth to this rumor?
How come no one mentioned you received $26000 from Betsy DeVos and that's why you sold out to her and voted for her? #SELLOUT
Have to give credit to Sen Cotton for going 2 big venue & answering with patience/respect - even went overtime, didnt duck out
Be a hero & save PBS Kids for Toby! Along with millions of poor kids who watch & learn daily!
You ought to be Ashamed of yourself
I enjoyed watching your constituents rake you over the coals. It was well deserved.
. @SenTomCotton You lost a debate with a 7 year old. #DoYourJob
Thank you for having this Senator.  I don't agree with your positions on many things, but you handled it well.
There is NO MANDATE TO REPEAL ACA! GOP is crazy. No way GOP has BETTER and CHEAPER Health Care! #TaxReturns #CP5
From the http://moveon.org  site yes u had organized protesters check out the training materials https://www.resistancerecess.com/event/resist-recess/ …
What's wrong with being organized as long as you're legi
did you see how many people hate you because of removing #Obamacare
Grow up sir.  You should feel embarassed!  A 7-year old is wiser than you.  He knows that the wall is a fraud.
watched it. U have ppl protesting that look like they r 65 or older that shd be on Medicare. They r there to disrupt.
Using public schools to conduct meetings? What happens when Betsy DeVos chains the doors shut? Not so funny now, Sen
Or were all the people in town hall plants because you made Schumer feel dumb? Sure he sent them
what kind of great healthcare did the democrats give you. High costs, high deductible and lose your dr.
How did it go? Haha. Good luck pal. Mike don't know much but yo never, ever piss off the moms and wives. You screwed
#1. Clean coal is a myth. -Dan Coody
@AnnaHern77 correct.
my rights TRUMP illegals.  Plain & simple.
you did well Sir that was an uncivilized immature group.  BRAVO!
Ambushed! I give you credit for not bailing. If that happened to a Dem they would've bailed.
And what kind of healthcare do you get Sen. Cotton?  Shame in you for wanting to destroy the ACA, Medicare, Medicaid & SS
Well, how long did you have to practice your talking pts ?
I watched & what a disgusting display of disrespect and insanity! Things said in presence of children was shameful!
Oh please.  Compared to the Tea Party crashes? It was fine.
Tell your constituents and the world about the health care coverage you have. Step up.
major props to you for holding town halls and not up for reelection until 2020. More could learn from this
You think so poorly of Americans that you 'classify' your hearings instead of having them open like Watergate. Shame.
Thanks Senator.  The far-left made it difficult to get anything out of it.
some organized by http://moveon.org  left  https://www.resistancerecess.com/event/resist-recess/ … check out the site & materials!
No they didnt.  I was there.  Once he had mics for questions, it went well.  2000 people.
TRY to ignore the liberal left nut-jobs!  You're doing a GREAT job! 
constituent handed you a dose of reality there
don't know why NWA is so liberal; PROTECT USA 1st! Legal immigration vs illegal aliens 
Do you see now Republicans are going to be on the wrong side of history? 74 million vs 62 million. DT has 38% at best.
I am incredibly proud of these citizens participating here today. Not so proud of you for skirting the questions.
another mis judgement: not enough room for all. If Yu can't even manage a townhall meeting- how can you handle more??
It fit 2,000 of us.  I may not like his politics but this isn't a valid complaint.
COWARD
seriously War hero Did you serve this country?Where? When?That display was a disgraceful inmature MESS
Will you reschedule at the last minute again?
No, we will be there in person Tommy. Since you're too chickenshit to come to LR.
you're correct that some signs are the same.  National organization
Meanwhile #RussiaInTheHouse #ThePeoplesHouse #WeAreMad
is Hillary still hiding in the woods? Tom is one of the best you are lucky to have him represent your district
you're not going to move it a 6th time to hide from your constituents? LOL
see u tonight. I want to know how conversion therapy worked for you
Great! #democracyinaction
you can count on it, we will be watching you
how did it go? Not as well as you had hoped? Hmm
they won't cover yours!
