Nope.
@JSchanzer @Doranimated @GenFlynn  Ala J. Spyer, will Putin push Trump on an Iranian Syria or accept a federated Syria?
Thanks, Tom, for standing tall -- you have my deepest respect.
Sen Cotton thank you for standing up to Schumer for the people business. #MAGA #DrainTheSwamp
ever wonder why fox is the only news org interested in your alernative facts?  Just sayin
needs fewer public appearances and more listening to the public.
Enjoyed your segment on FOX and immigration stance. DISEASES being spread across USA thru illegal invasion too
Please HELP!  Do your job! VA healthcare is frozen in Ft. Smith AR #pleaseHELPveterans
ELNT Xchange with F&F.
We love Sen.Tom Cotton & thank him for all he does for us. Vs. the Swamp monster Schumer.  MOVE AMERICA FORWARD
I adore you! U handled @SenSchumer perfectly! What a slug he is! Keep up the fight Tom! happy days r here again
@woodboxer851 Need more guys like Tom!
Thank you for your military service and for continuing to fight at home for America @SenTomCotton @foxandfriends
Of course, the same sentiment for all vets continuing to serve the American people after military service. You are our true heroes!
try not to fib too much @foxandfriends
Faux newsless and Cotton making up news as they go
thank you tom for putting your fellow senator in his plase like they say walk a mile in my shoes
Pleasure to watch you!
I love your passion for our country. You make us all proud!!!
I Love Tom Cotton
I live in Ft.Smith,Ar.My hubby was told at VA health he may have to go somewhere else for care due to freeze?
immigrants take American jobs? It's the employers who hire them.
Devos is incompetent. Will you still confirm her?
It is imperative to stop the president from using the White House as his business office; it puts us at risk.
TY for your courageous service & for standing up to @SenSchumer, Outstanding! Keep the Trump train moving plz
$1,000,000 from Israel for his vote,  all him about it Fox
great segment Senator, good luck moving forward, #MAGA
Give 'me hell, sir.
Go get them.
I appreciate your service, my nephew KIA 7 November 2005 in Afghanistan, love how you stood up to Schumer! Keep it up!
Thank you for your service Tom Cotton and all your hard work including your advise to Shumer
You are not my Senator but I WISH you were! Thank you for standing up to @SenSchumer! Ty for yr service Sir!
all he has done is signed some papers. It's funny how you politicians act different on Fox than other news channels!!!
Superb!  Pence/Cotton '24!
I'm watching as always and Thank you for your service to our great country 
Tom glad you took on Schumer he's playing games and should be held accountable!
Thank you for your service and standing up for what's right.
Go get'em Tiger! Lets get some "wins" for all Americans!
Tom is awesome!
Thanks for your service and your comment to @SenSchumer was priceless!!
We need more like you in Congress.
let the propaganda lie! spineless koch puppets!
keep up the fight! You are an asset to he Congress.
Support Sen. Cotton in his response. Dems have had a bully mentality for 8 years!!!  No more..
Thank you for supporting hard working people & fixing all the problems & issues.
47 Senators backed @netanyahu foreign govt Israel busted spying on  during PBO's  #irandeal #GOPtraitors
I hope Trump find a nice spot for you! future president!
Traitor
thank you for your service Sir!
Could also ask Schumer to name one positive he has done for USA recently?Shameful behavior for ?Leader?!
I wish sen would stand up to the Dems more and push back. Can't even get out of a rep committee? Time to push
YOU ROCK!!!Good for you --that "rhymes with grass"--needed to be put in his place!! #MAGA Thank U 4 Ur service!
HOPE TOM TOLD BIG NOSED POUTY CHUCK TO SINK BACK IN HIS SEAT LIKE HES DONE FOR YEARS & LET THE BIG BOYS FIX IT!
way to go sir. Tell em all WE THE PEOPLE must stop the Maddness. Drain that swamp USA God Bless you.
Thank you for standing up to Chuck Schumer, he is, and always has been a "bully"
your a bad ass, keep taking them to task and thanks for your service
Proud of you.
you served in the military. Didn't you take an oath?
what do you know about that oath
I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and DOMESTIC
I'm glad Google could help you, I have taken that oath so I do not need you to tell me about it
he Rocked it with standing up to Schumer who is killing the Dems
Thank you for standing up for us...
Loved your response to Chuckie the Clown on the Senate floor earlier this week. Stay strong.
Unlike @SenSchumer  Thank you for your service
Your The Man!! #ThanYou4UrService
thanks for invite.
Fair well.
Go get em Tom.  Like how you stood up to Schumer.  He needs to go.  Signed a New Yorker.
#ZeroTaxes30K will bring #MTHP
can't wait Senator Cotton! You made us all proud when you confronted Sheumer. You go sir!
show em what you know. Keep taking on schumer. Thank you for your service.
.@SenTomCotton GOOB LUCK TOMMY BOY U WILL,, SUCC#EED
#propaganda #americanfascist
Senator, a Hand shake to you sir, for putting chuck schumer in his place
To the point Tom    thank you
no thanks.
