
They are scared of your letters and statements. Hahaha. #MissionAccomplished
Yeah, let's just start a nuclear war.  I gave an idea, focus on the needs of Arkansans like HEALTHCARE.
It IS working and that pisses you off. I'm chomping at the bit to vote you out. But hey abt Russia? What about healthcare?!
I wouldn't label it softly as a mistake for it was a scheme.
The only person that didn't see this coming was obama.
Make the details public Tom. Let the people see whats in it.
Amazing how there is not a single evidenced statement in this "statement." That's just it: a statement. And we should believe u because...?
Violating the #1stAmendment is also a foolish mistake, but that's exactly what Arkansas has been doing for 60 years!
Why can't Iran have nukes? Doesn't a sovereign nation have the right to protect itself?
We need to stop calling Cotton "Senator" and start using his real title: AIPAC spokesman Tom Cotton.
Opps. Obama's legacy is doing pretty fine. ACHA dead, Iran deal continues. GOP are evil and losers.
After a long debate with his aides, President Trump will again recertify the Iran nuclear deal http://nyti.ms/2vwd0BE 
Iran deal was better policy than your disrespectful policy toward President Obama.  Also it beats your treasonous letter to Iran. RIH
Iran deal designed to by time so congress can develop polcies to deal with their nuclear program. You have another 8 years. Get busy.
Buy
how did the Pres unilaterally sign the deal and get his hands on so much cash w/o senate knowing or did you all know? @FoxNews
They don't have nukes do they? It's working.
Thank you, Sen Cotton! 
Science vs. Religion divides Academia. Academia divides humanity. United we will Stand. Think and go Free @
3. Dominican Rep 1965
4. Grenada 1983
5. Panama 1989
6. Iraq 1991
7. Haiti 1994
8. Afghanistan 2001
9. Iraq 2003
10. Syria current
Here's my statement: Comparison of U.S. vs Iran foreign aggression in the last 67 years
Iran: 0
U.S:
1. North Korea 1950-1
2. Cuba 1961
You mean cascading centrifuges Sir? We can certainly trust Iran not to turn yellow dust into anything but improved electrical power!
Here is the facts : 2 years pass and the deal serving its  purpose which is Iran no bomb.they have been complying fully. It's not just us
I can list the foolish things you have done to people of Arkansas and America. Iran deal it's not in that list .
Forget the European hypocrites. Kill the deal. @realDonaldTrump must forget the status-quo of the Swamp. @POTUS must turn over the table.
Hope @POTUS delivers on his promise. What is @Secy_State_US waiting for. US should not be an enabler of terror & Enemy of US
It's amazing going through the replies to this idiotic tweet and every one disagrees with you and see u as the mistake, get the hint.
That was no mistake.  It was purposely done.
Amen!
And I love war! Can we attack them now? Please . . .
Almost as foolish as you writing a letter to the Iranian government on your own.  Nah, your letter was WAY more foolish.
Facts vs. Tom Cotton's letter:

Tom, the only foolish mistake in Washington is sitting in the Oval Office.
Hey squealing Tom, Trump is spending his 38th day as Traitor in Chief at a golf course. Any comment?
That isn't one thing to our not an expert at! Is this what the Koch's Brothers want you to say, their cause de Jour?
You were a foolish mistake from the very start, and you certainly haven't improved with age. 
What is your statement re Russia/Trump?
You're the foolish mistake costing us billions for your donors.
Ever seen what an 11 year old child dying with cancer looks like? See her veins bursting in her neck and chest? That's what it looks like.
Dear Arkansas voters, Please check who is paying your senators campaign bills. He is a prostitute for special interest. u can do better
once again pulling crap out of your ass.
you are a foolish mistake. selling out this country to Russia for political gain. you'll never be president. ever.
Crickets
Collusion
Not true, where are you on Trump Russian coulldion?
@TorosSahakian  was it even constitutional? Doesn't Congress control purse strings? Paris Accord agreement to spend$ as well
taxpayers didn't fund it & no US $ was spent. the $ was theirs, held by sanctions, UN Security Council voted to release as part of deal.
Talking about Iran/Contra still????
Wrong!! Iran has never violated the deal according to @iaeaorg reports. R&D is allowed in #JCPOA. Excess heavy  is sent to Oman.
So were the Clinton and Obama years
The F35 fighter deal was a foolish mistake from the very start, and it certainly hasn’t improved with age. 

FTFY
1.5T dollars 
This is more expensive than all of Australia
i am sure the regime couldn't believe the Obama administration gave it such a big gift.
this deal just gives Iran the opportunity to improve its economy and use this money for its terrorists activities and destabilizing region
Judgmental much?
Yeah gut @BarackObama got send a cargo plane full of cash3to Tehran.  Just imagine how m8ch it was costing to safe guard that much cash
Not everyone agrees...The #IranDeal is 2 yrs old today and it's working. @votevets was & remains proud in role in seeing in put into place
Those 38 generals and admirals are not funded by AIPAC, so they have America's interests at heart. Cotton sells out America for funding. Sad
You are evil.

