Where is Trump taxes?
You are going to need some ointment after that town hall. Apparently no one is buying the BS the tea party is selling.
SSSHHHH....the adults are running the country now. We'll wake u from your nap when it's nice a safe for snowflakes to protest again.
Snowflakes. That's very clever. You guys desperately need new material since Milo left and took the party's only braincell with him.
us conservatives and our one brain cell beat the sh!t out of you intellects back in Nov.  ouch.
I think you mean *intellectuals.
no.  I mean sh!theads.
And you call yourself a Christian.
Can a bot be a Christian?
Georgia are you having trouble deciding?Remember 100% of the Republican Congress voted to release all of your personal information!!!
Don't waste your time in these leftist attack mobs. Find a way to actually speak to the people who voted for you. You're OUR voice.
How can you possibly defend @realDonaldTrump's excuse for not releasing his taxes. An audit doesn't preclude release. 1/2
Cause I'm a voter and I don't care. He was a businessman and that should be private.
Every President and VP since Nixon has released their taxes. Everyone of them was under audit as standard operating procedure.
There is no law and none of them were billionaire businessmen right before.
he was elected president without showing his taxes, so why should he release them?
IRS says one CAN release their taxes WHILE on AUDIT. 75% of Americans WANT to see them.  You work for US, get the damn tax returns COWARD!!!
Sir, do you have so little faith in your constituent's intelligence that you would come up with such a ridiculous #trumpexcuse.
We came & were some of the only peaceful audience members you had. Please make H-2B your issue! Without workers we are unemployed.
You are a great patriot.  Please, try to get the others to help Potus get his agenda passed, tax reform, wall, healthcare...
I'm not sure what it is-he is young--the world belongs to them, but since they must hate their fellow human beings-it is over. ArrogantPsLie
Possibly one of the four horsemen of the apocalypse
Tommy you didn't handle yourself well when things got hot at the town halls.  Sir, you aren't a leader, just a sheep.
Weak man defends another weak man, grow a pair and stop defending trump and be on the right side of history.
Auditdoesn't preclude 45 from releasing ret and u know that. Infantile resp thathe usuallyputs his name on bldgs&how we wld knw his holdings
.@SenTomCotton you should be investigating the Russian infiltration of the White House & punishing the traitors!

@realDonaldTrump Traitor!
great day when @fbi subpoena @POTUS @POTUS  tax returns.
Protesting our own public servants, is as American as apple pie.
The majority of people did NOT vote for Trump. So stop saying "...the people voted for him anyway".
republicans who call constituents "paid" out-of-state agitators, etc. are not helping themselves at all.
Why are you so weak on Trump?  EVERYBODY realizes he is not a leader, not strong, not honest, not sane. Backing him instead of AR is SAD.
The tax return issue is ALL the Left have to use against the President!  He WON! Move on!
Congress should NEVER have left D.C.! Get to work!
Time to regain your dignity and stop defending @realDonaldTrump.  No tax reform without release of his taxes!
You never answered the question: why won't Trump release his taxes? Audit is no excuse as the IRS says. What's he hiding?
I DO NOT WANT TO SEE The TAX RETURN!! Who cares!!!  Congress needs to get back to work and try to help The President fix this mess!!! NOW!
I'm amazed how you stay in there and take the heat. But I wouldn't talk to them like they were stupid. Do you believe is under audit still?
SO LISTEN TO US! STOP WORKING FOR THE CORPORATIONS!  YOU Are suppose to work FOR WE THE PEOPLE!
I especially enjoyed the Lock Him Up chants. History will not judge you kindly, TC.
Subpoena Trump's taxes or remain complicit
It was fun watching you everyone boo you...FYI, Hillary isn't President. Darth Cheeto should release his taxes.
45 can release returns under audit & u shld know that. His excuses are just more lies. Grow some b#lls & integrity & demand his returns
The Latest: Manafort registering with US as foreign agent
Oh Tom Cotton, your voting record will not be forgotten .Take away ,take away,take away your Senate seat.There's a monster on the loose
Hillary Clinton only presidential candidate to release full tax returns
At least he has the guts to hold a town hall. To my knowledge he's held at least two.

Tonight, Republicans in the House of Representatives voted 229-185 AGAINST requesting Pres. Trump's tax returns http://clerk.house.gov/evs/2017/roll101.xml …
AP Exclusive: Manafort firm received Ukraine ledger payout
Secret Ledger in Ukraine Lists Cash for Donald Trump’s Campaign Chief
"But his lawyer, Richard A. Hibey, said Mr. Manafort had not received  “any such cash payments” described by the anti-corruption officials."
Hang tough Senator Cotton.
Jeff Sessions used political funds for expenses in Cleveland, where he met Russian envoy  https://www.wsj.com/articles/jeff-sessions-used-political-funds-for-republican-convention-expenses-1488509301 … via @WSJ
Sessions: "Senator Franken ... and I didn't have - did not have communications with the Russians, and I'm unable to comment on it."
Kushner Omitted Meeting With Russians on Security Clearance Forms
Flynn did not initially disclose income from Russia-linked companies http://reut.rs/2nXZE0w  via @Reuters
The country is watching this foolishness. You are an active participant in a cover up.
Tom Cotton actually tries to defend the indefensible:  Trump failing to release tax returns.  Tom Cotton is a POS.
At least you have one where there are less psychotic dems
Town Halls could be controlled by Security/verifying area IDs, Locals NOT BEING HEARD,paid DC protesters are
In my opinion, entry to Town hall mtgs shld be lmtd actual  residents of the district/state (by ID).  These mtgs shld be for constituents!
Trump and Cotton sitting in a tree - Dude, you are now chained to your orange leader. Hope it was worth it.
You do get being under audit isn't excuse for not releasing his taxes..so why say that? Your constituents have a honor you're missing.
We have long memories. #2020
And then to those who booed and jeered.
"As far as I'm aware, the president said he's still under audit," Cotton said to jeers.  Auditing means nothing; quite drinking the Kool-Aid
Pathetic "answers". Sellout to lobbyists. Party over country. Trump over sanity. Swamp dweller.
I sincerely believe that you are among the most unqualified of current sitting U.S. Senators. Can't wait to see you unseated.
Thanks for showing up and facing your constituents face to face. Wish I could say the same about @JohnBoozman
And you think you're a star? Think again, they're waking up and you're in trouble. See you in 2020!
why don't you consider voting based on polls, calls,letter from ur constituents instead of what #McConnell says
@SenTomCotton #tRump promised to reveal his tax returns if he won so he didn't win in spite of! And guess who won't win reelection -YOU!
Your continued support for a lying and treasonous @POTUS is shameful and you have no business calling yourself an American.
If this was Hillary or Obama not releasing their taxes your head would be explodin
You're nothing but a traitor
you chose party over country
All these GOP guys are huge hypocrites but excel at bald-faced lying. Got to give the Devil his due.
Stop BS that trump is under audit You are defending this liar POTUS Well we get rid you at next election
Senator, you're not worthy to wash Hillary Clinton's dishes.  Despicable ass.
Thank you Arkansas for attempting to make Cotton honest when he would attempt to lie. Coverups are simply coverups for a purpose. Show taxes
Man, I know you have to stay loyal, but repeating the "Trump is under audit" line just makes you look like a misfit toy. Be better.
Send a message to trump - we want to see his tax returns, we don't want war, we want him to quit tweeting & to DENOUNCE PUTIN.
and they told U they want  trump 2 provide his tax returns.  real people, not reporters, expecting their rep to  remember he works for them.
Thank you everyone that came out 2 the town hall and ripped tom's ass. I was so proud to c u all tell him the he needs repealed and replaced
It takes courage to stand up to opposition something most GOP senators lack. The American people need you to take a stand for truth!
No audit for #45s 2016 taxes!
must have been fun seeing how well you were received by the people who put you in that job. I have two words for you: VOCATIONAL TRAINING
The People want the taxes released.
Why are you  being booed in so many places?  Could you address the famine in So Sudan what about the children there ?cruise missiles?
Hope you get booed everytime you repeat these bullshit Republicans/ Trumpian talking points!
Glad the crowd booed you for repeating that BS answer about Trump's tax returns being audited. It still doesn't prevent their release!
If you & other GOP don't start governing & stop playing the blame game u will be voted out of power. All things come to an end. #TrumpRussia
Please stop pivoting to HRC or past administration. Getting very old. You are administration now, take responsibility for your actions. #Sad
1/ we want @realDonaldTrump taxes released.  2/ Leave #ACA as is.
you deserved to be booed with your LAME response. Grow some friggin balls!
We want to see Trumps tax return
You are a shameless stooge. I hope your constituents vote you from office. You do them a great disservice as @realDonaldTrump's shill.
http://www.arlingtoncemetery.net/jmlankford.htm     San Antonio's Cheryl Lankford tells Trump University scam story at DNC http://www.kens5.com/news/politics/elections/san-antonios-cheryl-lankford-tells-trump-university-scam-story-at-dnc/281050378 … via @@KENS5
You have an obligation to God and country, and both of those things call for morals above partisanship. You know you Trump's in with Russia
You must be comfortable with your position to ignore common sense in supporting bad governing
Not a constituent but complaints I hear at your halls I hear in my salon chair every day. I commend you for showing up, now take that to D.C
Tom Cotton is nothing more than a political hack who perpetuates the lie Trump is under audit & defamed Susan Rice.
Susan Rice Did Nothing Wrong, Say Both Dems and Republicans - NBC News http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/congress/susan-rice-did-nothing-wrong-say-both-dems-republicans-n747406?cid=sm_npd_ms_tw_ma …
Keystone XL builders can use non-U.S. steel, White House says now http://reut.rs/2m4FIHY  via @Reuters
you were "pants" by your own constituents. Start working for Americans and not just your party.
Yeah, that went really well.
Ya killed it, Cotton. per usual.
Trump Jr.: “A Lot In A 12,000-Page Tax Return That Wouldn’t Make Sense To Open Up” https://www.buzzfeed.com/andrewkaczynski/trump-jr-a-lot-in-a-12000-page-tax-return-that-wouldnt-make?utm_term=.ex1wGj5XMy … via @BuzzFeedAndrew
you are an insult to the U.S. people. Defending 45's tax release refusal is ignorant & You have zero integrity
Yeah Senator C. You totally had great "approval" at your town hall today
Do your job! Afraid to stand alone, Senator?
This guy is a clown. Unless you pay him money up front he's not interested.
Loved your monstrous excuse for voting against the violence against women act
Please don't propagate Trump's dishonest claims about his taxes. Your voters have a right to know about his financial ties. Now #DoYourJob
But regarding the tax returns, you know full well that being under audit does not preclude release. #DoYouJob
First of all, thank you for holding one of these and listening to your constituents, sir. You do get respect for that.
Any respect he got for holding a town hall was quickly negated by his #stupid answer about #TaxReturns . #dumberthanaboxofrocks
A president must be transparent.  Stop defending him.  #POTUSISADISGRACE
Tax return...
Tax return!!!!!
IRS said audit does not stop him from releasing tax return
Vote hims out next time! The Audit story is a lie! Where is the proof an 2016 audit existed?? Cant release that either?
The IRS Does not own the taxes! An audit does not stop anyone from releasing them! We ALL know this!
Tell them how to expect to be president some day. How many times you posted it on your FB page!
Cotton is by far, no contenders, the WORST senator in congress. Oh, and he's a traitor
Since Trump's grown sons travel the world w/ SS to promote Trump's businesses with tax payer money, WE HAVE A RIGHT TO SEE HIS TAX RETURNS!
Wrong, watch hillarys America on DVD and learn. Get it on Amazon. One on obama too. 8 bucks.not mandatory,not all do, get smart
2/2 Every POTUS & VP is audited every year yet every POTUS releases their taxes every year. You have co case for defending him.
Trump's taxes & a list of your donors, please.
You're a damn joke and your support of @realDonaldTrump and his stupid policies will be the end of your political career.
Now your job is to LISTEN AND ACT on what you heard.
Sir-Good Job-will you be asking 45* for his taxes? Also Sir- will you be finding the courage to put UR signature on a new AUMF? #GoldStarDad
At least you had one.
You are poison to the State of Arkansas.
Sounds like a disaster! I sure would not be bragging after watching the live video!
How do you say with a straight face that @realDonaldTrump 's taxes are under audit so he cant show his taxes. He's not even audited anymore!
The news is not too good about this town hall. #RESISTANCE
@FOX16News @RepFrenchHill You both got owned. Again.
Double boos for you defense if Trump's failure to release tax returns. YOU HAVE OFFICIALLY JOINED THE SWAMP
*#ARExecutions must proceed*Justice is warranted for these families*End their pain this week and end the legislative BS*
You're talking to the wrong guy
And witnessed the group handing me my balls back after kicking them around the room!
You didn't deliver, like always
MoveOn crowd is making a mockery of all townhalls.  Take 1:1 meetings instead, Tom.
Aww, Tea party tactics bother you? Sad
Exactly.  I was not a fan of the tea party's tactics.  We need respectful dialogue.
Thanks for reassuring us you didn't have AR interests in mind when we tell you we disagree with way you represent us.
Trump's taxes NOW
your donors list
single payer health care
support PP
Why did you sell off my internet privacy? $$$$$
Y'all look complicit.
To, got to tell U I don't think U  will be reelected attempting to defend a Sex Predator a crook & a liar Wow! U look stupid in that attempt
We'll be there when you're up for reelection too. It will sound just like today.
I missed it what was the talking points?
MoveOn group shouted the entire time like all townhalls these days.
Doing anything about #Trump's abuse of office for financial gain, tax returns, nepotism, lies to citizens, business conflicts, #Russia ties?
I wish you guys would do more then talk to the press and just do meetings. Why won't you do what we elected you to do? Very frustrated!
