Listen to the Gov and the people of AR @SenTomCotton #MedicareForAll 332k ppl depend on ACA in our state. HowLittleYouCare. Appeasing potus.
I'm one of the  people. I can almost not afford to work due to ACA. Needs to go and fast!!!!
*legitimate question
If you're not from AR, please contact your own Senator.
Every American has the right to contact any United States person holding office if they don't agree with them. Get a clue.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
.@SenatorCollins to @ThisWeekABC: GOP health care bill "would make sweeping and deep cuts in the Medicaid program." http://abcn.ws/2tfyJkR  
Bryan, how much less will be spent on Medicaid next year than this year?
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #BCRA #AHCA #StopTrumpCare #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
"I'm begging, Senator Heller" - This woman is battling stage 4 cancer and Trumpcare at the same time 
So you cannot or will not answer my question, Bryan? You are shameful in your demagoguery.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
About @realDonaldTrump’s purposely misleading Medicaid tweet... https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/6/28/15890750/trump-medicaid-chart-fix … 
So we are spending more on medicaid every year for the foreseeable future, and you think that's a cut? You're not fooling anyone.
So theyre funding it with less than what it would be under ACA & that's not a cut? Lol not a SME are you? Inflation?
POINT 7: CBO lays blame for the insurer exit largely with Trump.   In fact... 12 
It's called a reduction in the rate of growth, necessary because your plan was a fiscal nightmare that you KNEW would not work.
And yet you voted against a straight repeal today. #DrainTheSwamp #DrainTheSewer
So did you vote for it or not? That will make my mind up for when you run for re-election. If you voted for this man's sick bill, OUT YOU GO
No sir - the first step is shoring up #ACA - not sabotaging it to fail - until a BIPARTISAN #SinglePayer system is crafted! Serve Arkansas!
You have to like the fact it covers so many veterans.
Are you going to give everyone the same insurance you have?
This is not true ACA is not failing. GOP is sabotaging it. Reach across the aside to improve instead of lying to undermine Obama's legacy.
You voted no to repeal and replace wish I would get your crap together you make the Republicans look bad change at party
We the people of AR deserve the very best ins. just like congress. Pls quit playing games w/our lives!!!
Tell the truth. You know damn well that 52% of Americans are now in favor of the ACA, and only 12-15% like YOUR bill.
Yeah the 48% is paying for the 52%. Only people who like Obamacare are the ones NOT PAYING
We will remember your votes. You sir are no John McCain. https://youtu.be/Nyy6SPmbqJo 
Have the Rinos take the pork out of any health care plan, otherwise it will be just like obamacare.
Please don't  start the lying again
If you wait for everything to perfectly suit YOU, then you'll get NOTHING done! It's called COMPROMISE, numbnuts! Repeal First THEN replace
Please vote no
You voted yes today on the repeal without a replacement?! Disgraceful. Explain how that's any good for Arkansans Senator? We are all waiting
Obamacare did not cause the problem. GOP turned its back on America and owns the problem.

You mean the problems republicans created for it? You're quite the hypocrite & one of the most immoral men in government, @SenTomCotton https://twitter.com/SenTomCotton/status/889964792441700353 …
Senator Cotton, a bill - or amendments to a bill - need to be done WITH ALL AMERIVANS in mind. Not just the wealthy. Bipartisan Debate Now.
I want to know exactly why my Senator voted against this bill.
This vote is the first step toward solving the problems created by Obamacare. Statement: http://ow.ly/7pFE30dUAxH  
Only people who want ACA are the ones who are receiving free healthcare off the backs of those who pay. Now we can't afford it
Not true, at all. My disabled nonverbal autistic son receives Medicaid to help pay for therapies he receives.
It is time to sit down and work on fixes in a bipartisan way
Now the push to direct our elected leaders into working together and repair what is wrong with the ACA and stop the sabotage of the ACA.
Did you vote against this?
First step to voting you out of office.
This is your opportunity to sale me on it. Just answer this. What about Obama care do you like?
You are the problem and I can't wait to vote you out . Read this and know that you will have blood on your hands:,
First of all you didn't vote for Tom Cotton, neither did I, you live in New York
Has anyone even seen the bill?  What exactly are you voting on and who exactly do you feign to be protecting?
He's seen it, he wrote it. Lying Tom.
And this one. He is one of the 13 to kill Medicaid!
I see a lot by ppl here who know nothing about the HC plan. GOP has to overcome the false Dem narrative about killing ppl & Medicaid.
It ain't no step forward when it involves deep cuts to Medicaid... u maybe in DC - your nose is in Little Rock.
Spending more next year than this year is not a cut. Lies do not help your cause.
Hope republicans enjoyed their time in power. No vote on  Obamacare means no republicans win in 2018 mid terms
Problems? BS Arkansans overwhelmingly want you to leave ACA alone, yet you go against our wishes. I really, really despise you right now.
You must be one of those who pays nothing
Repeal Obamacare! Please!
@SenTomCotton - If you want to get this right why not reach across the aisle and try to fix ACA. Americans want this to happen.
Sen.Cotton,PLEASE open UR eyes WE THE PEOPLE chose Trump, so get on board or WE THE PEOPLE  will VOTE YOU OUT! can u hear us now?
Thank you so much for doing what you sayed hard to find that in politics now days.
And it's the first step for you out the door
This is not solving anything. It takes away health care insurance for a tax cut for the rich. Learn more about our health care system.
Test
it is not your job "to create a health-care system" #REPEAL
MEDICARE FOR ALL. Did you hear that from some one from ARKANSAS. Hiding the bill and springing it, is not Legislation. Vote no on McConnell.
Two words: free market. Insurance companies should have to compete and EARN my business!
The government needs to stay out of our Healthcare!
Get on Board or Get Out..We the American ppl have had it..We are not just blowing smoke. .Start cooperating or get out. .U WILL BE VOTED OUT
Can't wait until you pay the price, dude.
Tom Cotton all he cares about him self and others interest for sure not us . He is campaigning for next presidency
Represent Arkansans. If any are hurt, die, or financially devasted by your vote, then you are letting us down. Be a leader, not a yes man.
stop shining isreali boots and just little care for people of Arkansas. Shame on you cotton
shame on you. You do t care about America or American. You have others interests in your mind and you self .Give our vote back
No one has ever explained WHY Congress had their OWN health plan--different from any other federal employee.  Why is this?
Bull shit. Towards creating more wealth for the wealthy criminal class.
Tom this is not a good idea, unless you have something better, please have something better, I know you don't want people to die!
So why did u vote no to repeal!  Get busy and repeal!!
Tom, I understand you have joined the Dumbacrats in opposition to Repeal and replace. That is not what we the silent majority want. Drain it
So far you have done a masterful job in congress so stay on track and don't let the establishment ruin you.
You VOTED No on HEALTHCARE We Will VOTE NO to YOU if you Can't Stand Behind my POTUS n US you Will be Replaced by A New REPUBLICAN that VAN
Not really, repealing the ACA will collapse the healthcare system, from the insurers, to the insured to hospitals.
Quit w the drama queen statements on ACA and do what's right for AR. We are a poor and unhealthy state. Stand for AR and reverse the trend
SHAME! Mental illness and ALL preexisting conditions NEED to be covered.
The people voted for Repeal... then replace.
You voted no on repeal! Liar and RINO!
great job

Bullshit.
Tom, dude, keep on following Prez Trump over the cliff.I will be watching...
Senator you had eight years to come up with a plan How do you think you can craft a better plan at a lower cost in a few weeks of hearings
Sounds to me as if there's hope for us all. NO REPEAL, please. Show you value your people, the children, the elderly, do the right thing.
This bill will kill my mom #KillTheBill the Senate can do better.
We're counting on REPs to get it done.  Please fight the RINOs THANKS
#MrGlioblastoma thanks you for your continued support.
The ACA voted for only by Dems was designed to fail. So now Dems r scaring u by saying u will die. All b.s.
not sure what kind of relief u are giving us !! but we r hurting ya'll should have to use same insurance we have !!
Repeal & get government out of healthcare
Way to support the agenda. You lost my vote and don't represent me.
We need a new bill, something we can use and afford.  Please help us Sen. Cotton, be a voice of reason.
That statement is one lie after another. No shock there.
I am saddened that you have chosen politics over people. This is not what Arkansans want. Improve what we have w/o repeal.
Two faced sycophant to mcconnell. U voted for rich and for UR own guaranteed healthcare.  You do not represent Arkansans with this vote. SAD
My great nephew survived brain tumor and will now have a pre-existing condition for life. Thank you @AsaHutchinson #SaveACA #SaveMedicaid
Thank u for your NO vote on full repeal. Constituents over party!
You couldn't stop obama and you won't help trump..what good are you
How have your actions contributed to the downward spiral. Quit treating us like idiots. 2020
Let's get it done. We must not waste this opportunity.

If you and @JohnBoozman are re-elected shame on Arkansans
Leave ACA alone!  Just help fix it, NO REPEAL!!
You are part of the problem...you come from a state that relies on medicaid and you vote to cut it...your not listening to us!
@SenTomCotton which version of the senate bill do you believe Best helps Arkansas? Please explain in detail. Otherwise, you must vote NO!
You are supposed to be a patriot. We are all thankful for your service up to now. But you aren't done. Represent Arkansans not Trump.
We elected you. Now represent our interests--not partisan politics. Arkansas cannot withstand this bill. Fix Obamacare issues instead!
U just took away the majority of Arkansans insurance!  Shame on u! If Americans have to have this non-existence HCP u should too!
How much money did the insurance companies pay you? I just want to know how much it costs to buy your vote.
You must vote no on all versions of the senate bill floating around. They are all terrible for Arkansans.
No it's not senator. Arkansans cannot afford the rise in premiums and the cuts to Medicare that will come from any version of the bill.
How quiet @SenTomCotton is ! By silence he doesn't sacrifice his Trump bona fides. He does however reveal his Cruz-like character/ambition
We'll be watching and waiting
And some of us may be dying
So,if you have this "system that will work for Arkansans" please share it, soon!
You don't even know what you're voting on aside from the fact that it would take healthcare from millions of Americans - shame on you!
You have taxpayer funded medical care, and vote to take medical care away from taxpayers. Unreal
It's the first step in getting rid of you and Boozman.
YOU and the rest of the clowns that voted for this today have potentially killed many Americans. The people that elected you.
What is wrong with you?
Thank you Mr Cotton!

Obamacare did not work for my family. Our insurance increased greatly and we lost benefits. I hope we can find a middle ground solution.
So many dramatic people on here. Yes, Tom is killing us all. How dare you Tom...
He is literally taking an action that will result in killing ppl. Ppl less fortunate than u. Fixing ACA so that it also works for u is right
You mean let me die, fix the risk corridor make all states expand medicade keep the mandate increase the subsidies there I fixed it for you
If your bills are so great, Tom, why is congress exempt?
Yes, 22 million people getting healthcare was a HUGE problem! So much better to just kill them off like Republicans'  bill will!
ACA aka-Obamacare wasn't failing until GOP & Aetna Sabotaged it. ACA has problems b/easily fixed BUT fixes won't give Wealthiest 400 Ppl 
Dems don't want to help americsns, only thier narrow ideology
How the hell do you know? NO ONE HAS READ THE BILL.
Disappointed in you. I'll prove it at the polls.
Before ACA prems incrsd 10-15% yrly, had pre-existing cndtns & caps.Even well-to-do frnds postponed care til Medicare age! MEDICARE FOR ALL!
Tell the truth. You don't believe govt. should help ppl. You believe ppl are all "personally responsible" for their own health. Even kids.
Tell the truth. Trump is deliberately attacking the ACA (using t-payer $ illegally, BTW) to tank it. This will kill people.
Tell the truth. TrumpCare is nothing more than killing Americans by removing Medicaid to give rich people billions in tax breaks.
Medicaid is for the needy, not for ppl capable of working and don't. Ppl who actually work get stuck with the bill.
Now run home and get a nice big pat on the back from your owners. Um. I mean donors. Whatever.
Proud that you did your job and started the process of ending this disaster
You are keeping your ACA if it's so bad why ? And wheres the bill ???
You are taking insurance from 22 million many more a Medicaid cuts disabled veterans suddenly wo care
Disabled Vets have the VA, which is good in AR
The GOP spent 7 years sabotaging the ACA at the state & federal levels. The ACA isn't perfect, but your party created more problems.
YOU and the GOP are the problem.  Stop sabotaging ACA and fix what needs fixing.  YOU want to burn down the house w/a squeaky door.
Resign.
I thought you were incarcerated in Twitter jail.
I hope you were listening to Senator John McCain...
The GOP is on a downward spiral. Instead of helping O-care succeed they want to remove & kill millions all for a tax break. Shameless greed
0-5
Single payer?
WE LIKE OBAMACARE. WE HATE YOU.
You created the problems you grandstanding fool. Go write another letter to the Iranians.
You. Will. Solve. NOTHING!
No this is the first step to throwing 300,000 Arkansans off of health care and your declaration that you don't CARE! #ARpx
Your party is a disgrace as are all of its members.
traitor Tom is traitor Tomming .. no surprise. You Koch puppet!
Are you really going to do anything besides what ever McConnell tells you to do?  Just curious.
You care nothing for arkansans,  only your party. You are an embarrassment to this state. Do the honorable thing and resign.
Your "caring" rings more and more hollow as you continue to vote to deprive millions of insurance solely to give a tax break to the wealthy
This is not good for the people of Arkansas. It's only good for furthering your future political ambitions. Party and Tom Cotton first...
Very disappointed in your cold hearted party.
Are you listening to your constituents, @tomcotton? How many phone calls have you received BEGGING you not to vote to repeal? #ACASavesLives
Who is running against @SenTomCotton in 2018?  Whoever it is has my vote and I will do everything I can to support and promote them.
You shouldn't worry about losing votes you never had.  Clearly most of these people didn't vote for you anyway.

Thank you for representing your constituents well.
Thank you for voting to begin the process.
You are a disappointment Tom. I wouldn't vote for you
The @GOP created the problems with ACA. You all should be charged for the criminals you are
I am ashamed of your vote on the ACA today. I am an RN & know personally how this bill has helped thousands of Arkansan's. Just improve ACA
bullshit. Congress should be the first to lose their health insurance instead of making us pay for it. especially since you're taking it...
away from millions of Americans. Also most people aren't ignorant as to why there's a so-called "death spiral". perhaps you guys...
should've funded it, or stop sabotaging it etc. in states that took Medicaid Expansion its working as designed. Like Arkansas - whom...
you're SUPPOSED to represent. You're neither pro-life nor Christian. your only values are making poor people suffer. You'll never...
NEVER be president and come 2020 we'll remember what you've done! start getting your resume together. though not sure who'll hire a...
wannabe dictator's shill who has no morals. hrm, actually, maybe you can find a job in Russia or North Korea. you'd fit right in!
shame on you for your vote today! You should have voted NO and worked in a bipartisan manner to FIX any gaps in #ACA instead of being the...
