- Close your eyes & imagine being a person of Color who know JBS's history......Now tell me again if you think he's qualified.
he's qualified and you're pathetic
- Who am I referring to and what do you know about him? (Use your words. No name calling) @SenTomCotton
@SenatorSessions and he's a damn good senator that went after the KKK and believes in enforcing the law
-Do a little more reading on @SenatorSessions. U might start with why he was declined a Federal Judgeship. @SenTomCotton
because he called a black guy boy and made a joke about the KKK.... How horrible
- there you go..........keep reading. @SenatorSessions @SenTomCotton
Calling the NAACP "communists and un americans"..... Is that all? Really? 

Then there is Absolutely no excuse for Trump's birtherism
1100 law professors disagree. ..so far.
The professors that teach on the liberal indoctrination centers we call universities. There's a surprise.
you're showing you're poorly educated.
From the one who doubles down on the same juveile response.  Come back when you finish the 2nd grade
yet 2 see your argument.  Can't make an intelligent point.  Poorly educated blindly following.  Pitiful
Wow. 3 times. I hope you didn't pay for that piece of paper you call a degree.  Thanks for the laugh,
I see facts seem to be a problem for you.  Now give the phone back to an adult
Your a lot like the 2nd grader with the old "I know you are but what am I thing"  How funny.
I Love U @SenTomCotton If You say so, Then I Agree.
Concerned about his questionable views on race particularly with the incoming administration's questionable views on race.
- He couldn't even get a judgeship because he was not qualified.  He is a bigot.  Plain and Simple.  That is disqualifying.
. It's happening and your name calling won't stop it.
@babysgramma @MikaelaSkyeSays @SenTomCotton In recent times some of the biggest "bigots" have worn Democratic party colors.
- They then left and went to the republican party
No. They still wear Democratic party colors with the Clintonista cabal .
- That is a good one.
It's the truth. Only you've been brainwashed into thinking otherwise.
- No brainwashing.  Stick with facts not the Clinton myth that was built over 30 years
Love the pick. #Farleftextremists R going to oppose every&Anything the Americans want&Need. ThR opposing#Trumps Scotus pick?
BHO'S real legacy is in full display on the streets of Chicago,His legacy numbers R rising fast/In manor of Deaths #4'000+++
@michaeljohns And he's not a racist by any measure. Any1 claiming otherwise is either lying...or stupid.
@SenatorSessions @michaeljohns I have simple LEGAL plan to deal w/sanctuary city enablers I need 5min of your time
@Joshuabales2   Good
I'm very hopeful we will again have ACTUAL law and order in America.  I believe he will do a great job.
Sam u and ur Jesus Christ hypocrisy . God this , god that , yet you hate anyone darker then u.
That's ridiculous.Stop drinking that kool-aid. Have a nice day.
Take the blinders off,look around & actually read the Bible for yourself.
God doesn't love false religions that slaughter people
we as Christians have slaughtered many in the name of Christ
I sure wish you'd pick a side and stick with it, I'm getting whiplash trying to keep up with your positions!
sticks up for russia AND is a racist lover! yay america
omg how how out of touch do you have to be lol.
@Mike_Beacham those pixyieish .ears sure beat Holders horns and pointed tail.
what did he say when you asked him about his famous racist beliefs? I'm sure you asked, right?
@JoeHNewYork Did the NAACP ever find it way out of this mans office ...
-> @TheDemocrats are afraid his HONEST DOJ will arrest Obama and all his minions! Which is what SHOULD happen!
100% better than Holder or Lynch
cotton full of bullshit on syria assad and russia
Let's get to work getting The gvmt back to the ppl
And Eric Holder was the Worst in History...
Just like @BarackObama is the Worst PoTuS in History
Can't wait to get everyone in and going. We have to support Israel and turn away from poor deals made with Iran. God Bless
Sure he is, if you're a racist.
He @JeffSessions w/b even better if educated self w fact re #CBD #Terpenoid Sesquit Medicinal props of #Cannabis
Two ignorant evil racist morons reservations in Hell for #evildoers against human beings humanity will be judged accordingly
was the cotton gin the same thing as a dry martini?
@Trumpster4Trump Deval Patrick is coming out hard against Sessions from a 1985 court case against him.
Now I know we need him
this feed makes me sad. You should have a real honest talk about race in this country with your followers.
strong endorsement
@gullymn49 
.only if he goes after the BHO fraudulent persidency, the Clintons,the DNC, & prosecutes for the Benghazi crimes
Yes sir he is. Now all of you do your jobs and get him in office. NAACP can thank him later for all he will accomplish #MAGA
Thanks! But millions of us already knew Sessions' record as AL AttyGeneral when he fought racism, put KKK murderer in prison
@DianeShamlin We the silent majority are very pleased to have a cabinet with integrity and American values and faith guides us
Conservatives Should Think Twice before Supporting Jeff Sessions

http://www.nationalreview.com/article/443499/donald-trump-jeff-sessions-attorney-general-record-troubling-libertarians-conservatives …
Well, except for that whole racism thing.
then who will be the AG representing interests of minorities?
... even if true, it appears such qualifications do no signify in these times
@IrishTexan2009 yes he is 
Except for the racism, right? Even GOP Senate under Reagan saw that. No integrity....
Jeff Sessions is one of the most qualified nominees for AG in history. My statement: http://ow.ly/kcLz307EYNA  
...and THAT is why Dems and naacp are protesting. Proper qualifications are an anathema to their ideology
is a true horror of a man for  @realDonaldTrump supporters like myself.
SERIOUSLY??? My god you've lost your mind. No way! @jeffsessions is a criminal & racist!
@Ozetty Thank you Senator Cotton! Amen
Don't allow Trump to confuse you. You don't have to lie in your tweets.
Stop kissing up.  He failed to get approved before, shouldn't now.  1,100 law school professors say he is not qualified!
You are wrong
Which part of that history are u speaking of the KKK or his discrimination of black folks

You were outstanding on Tucker. One of the best interviews ever. A superior mind. THX
yes he is and I can figure that out from my living room. He will be confirmed, we will get the rest of the 'S next election.
approve this great Patriot
@robinjb73 he's wrong on so much from asset forfeiture to drugs
then don't let the left control the outcome. It's time now for courage and steadfastness!  @jwaxsom
- AMERICA AGREES - Jeff Sessions is a great choice for - ATTORNEY GENERAL.
Jeff Sessions support for Civil Forfeiture without Due Process should disqualify him from becoming AG. @SenTomCotton
Jeff Sessions is one of the most qualified nominees for AG in history. My statement: http://ow.ly/kcLz307EYNA  
"in history," Sir? Support Sen. Sessions if you must, just be cognizant of the length & breadth of country's history.
@hughhewitt   Get ready for the Dem slander of Sessions.
@scottienhughes  In TrumpWorld; but in real world he's a hateful, miserable man
Shut up.
The GOP better fight ferociously for Trump's Cabinet. Fight like the Democrats do! No quarter, no mercy.
As a constituent, I strongly disagree. #voteagainstsessions
Amen, Jeff is a God fearing man and he will do what is right!
As an old white guy, I'm sick of revitalized racism - that's why I proudly support @naacp and
... if you doubt it - toxic brew of homegrown racists and Russian trolls, @jeffsessions is unacceptable.  We need @naacp.
Take it from an old white guy, biggest American myth: "death of racism" - we need http://naacp.org  today!
@naacp I'm an old white man - never thought that racism would come roaring back in 2016 but read twitter comments  1/
"Someone" has not been getting enough attention now that BLM has faded away. Soros has no use for this race right now. Wake Up
Unbelievable. You are really unbelievable.
Most qualified to take away minority rights, maybe.
SESSIONS IS A DICK WEED..
was very embarrassed for @SenSchumer when he said he would fight Sessions. Schumer is a cad.
In the same way Roger Taney was qualified!
do y'all think they are talking about how they can imprison more black people? Sessions smirk says yes
Ridiculous. You jump to unreasonable conclusions
Which is why Dems r so scared of him!!
.@lolli_logan I'm not afraid. I just don't like ppl that see me as, "less than" because of my gorgeous melanin. It's crazy. @SenTomCotton
McConnell must not let Dems insult & delay Session confirmation. Push it thru
quickly.
Yes! agree. Time to get tough with these bully democrats. Republicans have the majority & Pres.,time to stand tall! @giatny @SenTomCotton
But some people say that Russian law professors love Sessions.
What some people?
Of course, that's why more than 1000 prominent law professors oppose his appointment.
We did not elect them to the presidency. We have elected Trump.  Trump chooses Sessions
Just as Sessions is perfectly qualified of AG,the @FairTaxOfficial is ideally suited to meet promises made to the USA on ex/in-ports by T.
I support sterilzation of non-whites, gaiz, lezbens & cross-sexuals. Will be the 1st to sign my petition?
NOT!
@peddoc63 . Cannot wait for Sessions. The many attacks r hilarious.
Its Tehran Tom again, what bad idea is it now?
Thank you for supporting Jeff Sessions. @SenatorSessions
IF Eric Holder and the corrupt Loretta Lynch can get confirmation Jeff Sessions should fly by
Agreed. He's a hell of a man!
Nice Muslim beard you have there.
I understand ur republican but we are Arkansan and American do what's right please sir. Don't just blindly follow. Be a leader
he may be qualified but morally is it the right thing to do? At what point do morals take a back seat because he is qualified.
caught u on tucker. Problem. Obama prob with russian hacking is ONLY to delegitimize Trump election. Add that to your dialog
Yes,what other AG has been rejected for a judicial appointment due to racism?He'll fit in with the admin of horribles
Dems keep blacks down  for decades. So Reps are racist?
....for everyone? Or just them.
@Lawrence @maddow @JoeNBC Sen. Cotton he will not be a fair enforcer of US Law. His past history matters.
Yes he will. It's Lynch and Holder who were unfair
you know they are truly scared when they follow you simply to bash anything you say. Y'all lost, you DON'T get to pick. #Rules


@MamaMadisons Of course he is! But, you won't convince the #DemTards
@hughhewitt He's also the nominee with the most racist record!
Why did your girl lose the election?
@jomo32284 
Hey Cotton, write your recommendation to Iran.
.@SenTomCotton 
You must be kidding.
and we should believe you why?

But you're a traitor so who believes you???
voted yes on NDAA 2017 Authorization Act which is in clear conflick with human rights and freedoms an seeks to limit speech
That's not true, you're listening to the wrong people
ya.who else buddy! ! bring wine in sessions with Sessions! !
And this now from Tom Cotton.
u make stupid statements all the time, tell us something new! What's the capital of USA?
birds of a feather flock together. Hope you take heat for your views just as you criticized Pres. O
Who's your favorite Confederate General?
you sir, obviously failed History in school.
Being a Senator for a generation is the most qualified ever? You might want to be more aware of the history of the Govt
@DebAlwaystrump He absolutely is!
@SharNeal Pls research your Russian stance and remarks. Also FTC and SEC should investigate Clinton Fdn for money laundering.
No. Most qualified? In the history of this country? Stop Treasonous Tommy. Just stop! 
With race relations so tense. Hoe does this help America? Your statement is part of the problem.
none of ya r 4sht. Christ look at the death u caused. look at deficits. your criminals liars thieves AND EVIL
both houses of congress are TRAITORS 2 THE REPUBLIC WAR ON AMERICANS IS THEIR RACKET https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F3_EXqJ8f-0 …
CONGRESS MARXIST DEMOCRCY BE DAMNED 2 HELL WHERE THEY BELONG https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F09GonafhLs … SERIOUSLY u me together IN
https://youtu.be/1JAnrb_mVAE  & https://youtu.be/LklshTa_JTg  I have Hi hope having Jeff Sessions as AG please bring this to his Attention
There nothing i want to see more then to see Oboma & Hillary prosecuted & convicted in a Court of Law No jail time justice
Our four fathers & good old Abraham Lincoln knew how to take care of traitors. Old School for Obama & Hillary ones convicted
in the words of your fearless leader...WRONG!
And those in gov that have dual citizenships need to be kick out of the country sent back to israel where their loyality lays
1100 law professors disagree that Sessions is qualified to be AG, so sorry if we don't take your word for it.
1100 liberal law professors don't want Sessions to be AG? 
They don't do that every time a conservative gets nominated. This guy is a disaster.
yeah, the pretty much do. So, piss off and shoo along, kid.
u all belong in prison for treason and racketeering. There are no party lines  America is waking up to corrupt gov you theives
Not even close
Russian had nothing to do with hacking the election. As a rule of thumb, if McCain is going one way, go the other way.
of course Senator Cotton knows that Russia was behind the attacks. Just ask him and the 99 other senators.
That doesn't have anything to do with the facts. Russia did not do it
In history?  Really?  That means in the history of the US he's more qualified than any other proceeding him...not sure about that.
