I've seen you several times now. I'm impressed. You're the kind of person this country needs! Good luck!
long overdue tweet but thanks 4 standing up 4 a better healthcare plan @SenTomCotton (even if it's just bc of all that bad PR I got you )
Best plan = 1) repeal Obamacare 2) allow insurance purchases across state lines 3) health savings accounts 4) tort reform DONE
Can't a single US politician speak to why our health care costs 2X per capita compared to other advanced nations?
Smart move, sir.
why not a law that provides for basic / preventive coverage including coverage for the less fortunate (not the lazy)
thank you sir for your reasonable voice & approach.  the ACA needs some fixes for sure, but Ryan's plan isn't it.
you lie!
WE DON'T WATCH CNN, SENATOR - IN CASE YOU HAVEN'T HEARD, THEY ARE A LEFTIST PROPAGANDA MACHINE!
WHY are you talking with FAKE NEWS CNN.  They are anti-American & spew hate on our President. ENEMY!
Mr. Cotton, will you be supporting anti-LGBT policies while being a member of the community? 
Must be hard! #MAGA
Senator Tom Cotton makes sense about not rushing too fast into a health care fix.
Tyou @SenTomCotton for being frank on #TrumpCare & my guess is after @USCBO scoring you are even more concerned @jaketapper @TheLeadCNN
HOPE THAT REPORTS OF PRESIDENT THREATENING CONGRESS  WITH OPPONENTS IN PRIMARYIF THEY VOTE "NO" ARE UNTRUE. NEED U IN HOUSE!
@hectormorenco @jaketapper @TheLeadCNN
Why are you giving a interview 2 a man who wants the CIA to assassinate Julian Assange?
@hectormorenco @jaketapper @TheLeadCNN Since inception of government in healthcare, cost has spiraled. Get government out.
You are NOT going to make this more affordable!  STOP lying. Middle class and poor will get NO HELP.
& you have an extra shovel, beat some sense into @SpeakerRyan with it...
Tom, go by the farm & ranch & pick up some shovels to clean up that wagon load of manure they dumped
agree with you, senator! As well as the other GOPS fighting for a true repeal and fix to Healthcare!
thank you Sen Cotton #ARVoter
You're doing much damage to your political career. Hell, Tapper even said his kid knows he's fake news
We don't want you to replace Obama Care we just want it gone. Stay out of our health care.
THANK YOU FOR NOT SUPPORTING RINO RYAN'S OBAMALITE PLAN THAT HE IS TRYING TO PUSH THROUGH.  COUNT ON US FOR CAMPAIGN $.
Why talk to #FakenewsCNN? 
Thank you for putting Americans first, Sen Cotton!
lies
party of the rich Republicans
WE THE PEOPLE DESERVE THE SAME HEALTHCARE AS CONGRESS!!! Or you all are out!!
@PatriciaAHenso1 @jaketapper @TheLeadCNN hate tapper
then give govt subsidies to health insurance for catostrophic care. This will lower the risk pool and offer cheaper coverage
Yes please get it right as opposed to passing it quickly! #HealthCareReform #protectseniors #AARP
Wow I actually agree with you on this. It's not something that needs to be rushed into but done right.
THANK-YOU, Sen Cotton for fighting for your constituents!  It gives me hope! Been feeling overwhelmed.
Thanks Senator Cotton. I only pray that we'll get a senator with your integrity in Virginia in 2018!
I am a Repub. Please do discuss this, but DO NOT delay repeal. Obamacare does not work.
get ryan out..another RINO .he .always wanted obamacare
This #TonyKornheiser look-a-like actually makes sense here. #LaCheeserie
Ty Mr Cotton.. 
As Possible! Plz Dont let This Admin Make it Law n Say,'Ur Life Doesnt Matter We Dont Need U. So Die!'
Dependant Upon Medicaid to for Our Lives n Maintain as Healthy n Managable n Decent quality of life
Please Save Us Mr Cotton! Plz Help us low income(poor)disabled older sick pre-exist health conditions
Trumps plan Will cause people to Die! He n All t People Voting to End Medicaid, Are Killers! True!
That Many of Us Must Hv to Live! Including Dr visits, All  Emergency n Hospital Care..Ambulance Servic
Wont be Able to Pay  for Any or All of Regular Insurance Premiums or Full Price of Necessary Medicine
pre-existing conditions*  The New Health Care Bill/Law Will Cause People to Die that cant afford to
to receive SSI/Disability ( I receive $735.00 a Month..a MONTH! Single no kids  no hubby live alone)
illnesses that can Not work because of any or all of these serious, Dr diagnosed tht have ben approved
Abolishing Medicaid Will Kill People. Us poor people older people with Disabilties n mental health
To stay as is or Improved with more life saving benefits. Not the abolishing of Medicaid
We poor, over 50, sick, pre-existing health conditions n life threatening or not..We need Medicaid
Thank you for not standing behind this poorly rushed plan. You are on the right side of this!
way to go Tom. As an Arkie I am so proud you one if our native sons we meet in lake village
you keep it real busting with my wife you and trey gouty are the best I see
WHY is free heathcare for pregnant NON US Citizens more important then mentalheathins 4 those in need?
Thanks for your comments on #trumpcare.  It's about time someone in the GOP told the truth.
What about that independent and transparent investigation into Russian ties? #resist
You did good but your party.... some cold blooded SOBs .. need reality checks on how people livin
thanks senator cotton
thanks for slowing this down.
does't represent my views. But he spoke for all Americans today by telling @GOP to slow their roll on repeal & replace. Bravo
thank you Senator Cotton for being honest about #Trumpcare. We all know ACA needs help. Let's help it!
Thank you for choosing the people. You may have a promising career & look forward to following.
why not gather all industry xperts & brainstorm it out? Ryan knows nothing. Get it right or voted out!
Thank you for having a conscience. The current Trumpcare plan is a travesty. #TrumpNoCare
@JamieLarsen66 @jaketapper @TheLeadCNN Looks like you took your town hall seriously.
Thank you Tom for following your GUT! Please help those who need your influence. God Bless.
Please fight for healthcare cost transparency. End outrageous hospital bills!
Kill the TRUMPCARE BILL !!
Thankyou for putting America first which will make America continue being great thanks to #Potus44 @jaketapper @TheLeadCNN
very impressed with you and your interview today. People like you with conviction should be commended
ObamaCare is threat to our National Security! HELP! Pass repeal n replace
@PRyan  Thank you. Keep up the fine work, gentlemen
Thank you for standing up for Americans on this very important issue.
The current form of Trumpcare is a disaster -- people will die Sen Cotton.  they will dies in Arkansas
Do buckle to GOP Leadership pressure Senator!! Convince your colleagues to go slow on this, be careful
NO URGENCY, NO DEADLINE
Arkansas will never forgive Sen Cotton if Trumpcare passes in its current form. His caution is correct
Sen. Cotton is correct that no change to healthcare law in this country should be rushed through
Sen. Cotton -- I may not agree with your politics, however you are correct about a deliberate pace
We need an investigation on Trump and hie ties to Russia, have some integrity.
Don't let Paul Ryan push that health care through. For once stand up for the American people.
Thank you Senator for opposing political pressure to act fast and fall in line #commonsense #integrity
Thank You Senator!  Your will go far now in your seat. You now can go down in History as a Good Sen
Insurance cost is 100% driven by the cost of healthcare and drugs. It is not rocket science!
1) Focus on reducing the cost of healthcare and drugs. 2) Tweak ACA
Take Courage @SenTomCotton wise words.  Familiarize yourself with history of ACA Bipartisan solutions @JakeTapper @TheLeadCNN
Thank you Tom Cotton we need affordable health care not burden care!
@DebraMessing @jaketapper @TheLeadCNN Tom The Swamp Cotton you can't even answer your constituents questions. On Maddow now
I want to thank Sen. Cotton 4 standing up 4 what is right! In ur world..that was brave ! #Trumprussia
Dear Mr. Cotton, Thank you for putting your country before your party. Please slow the ACA disaster in the House.
Thank you. Let's be very thoughtful and not rush our healthcare plan.
listen to your constituents #ACHAstinks #TrumpCareSucks This plan is horrid #unseatTomCotton
You lied about Obamacare.  Obama legislated his plan for months!  Trumpcare push..days..no comparison!
@SpeakerRyan
@realDonaldTrump
Sen Cotton. Thank you for fighting against party and for WE THE PEOPLE!
go pander to hack Liberals like @JoeNBC @morningmika u let me down tom
Good job on CNN.  Let's get it right, not fast!  Are you the only smart guy besides Rand?
excellent,  but the 2015 repeal bill was already passed !  DO IT !!! Then work it out.
Sorry but @SpeakerRyan is full of bull!
there are 3 phases why do you think Jake wants you on-sabotage Trump!Can we please stick together!!!
Hopeful a sign that there is some common sense and decency somewhere still in the GOP? I doubt it but
Thank you for standing up for all Americans
@SpeakerRyan Rs ran on "Repeal/Replace" not "Bait/Switch"=repeal only→if Sen has changes, it's job2 make not House→do ur jobs!
Please. Tell us what YOUR proposals are to repeal and replace ObamaCare.
You made some suggestions in your interview. What else?
@SpeakerRyan Repeal and Replace, that is what we voted for!
Speaker we are interested in Trump's agenda not your compromise with Dems plan!
Why doesn't the Senate change the Byrd rule?
How do Republicans not realize that CNN only likes them when they go against the president?!?
Force docs to list their prices: office visit, shots, labs, etc. Spur competition. No idea what I'm paying for until too late.
Dollar Shave Club. Check it out, Senator.
keep that beard! Looks good Tom
please make sure it is ONLY for American citizens
obviously I have my issues with the senator, but I'm loving his approach here. Bravo sir. #CreditWhereCreditIsDue
Proud of tom cotton you must get others to not repeal but fix it it's easier to replace the roof on a house that's leaking then replace it !
Tom Cotton for president 2024
I must be missing something 'Tehran Tom', how does blocking this bill benefit Iran?
Fact-free word salad.
I disagree on one think Cotton, we do need to get it fast. Obamacare is costing people money everyday
Amazing that you spent your term in the House running for your Senate seat. Now you go to guy!
THANK YOU FOR YOUR LEVEL-HEADED RESPONSE! There's no rush. Replacing something bad w/something awful=
I watched - excellent
Thank you, Senator, for bringing some sanity to this headlong rush to cripple healthcare coverage. FWIW, ACA has worked for me
Tom can say the right things, but will he do them?
@DebraMessing @jaketapper @TheLeadCNN hate to b tacky, how much money are you making from this deal
can you imagine if Trumpcare was universal healthcare?  Would people let Russia slide?
@DebraMessing @jaketapper @TheLeadCNN 

So don't call it 'trumpcare' but Rs continue to say ObamaCare instead of ACA?!?
so senator do you have anything to say about the attacks on IC from the RW media?
Cotton looks Muslim with that beard. He must be detained & imprisoned, He works against Americans
I'm pretty sure they had numerous hearings regarding Obamacare, didn't hide it in basement.
thank you for finally thinking of Americans and not just marching to the party platform
now be a great American
you seem to be more reasonable about healthcare than most republicans esp Paul Ryan and 45. Ty
I had thought you were cool, but now seeing you went on CNN w/ Jake Tapper.  That's seriously pathetic.  What goes?
Blind squirrel finds nut. Film at 11..
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP Great job showing Republican infighting. Anything worked out later can be worked out first. Libs laughing
you're on the better elighten path, Republicans only have one chance to get it right , you'll own it.
wasnt a fan Tom
Thank you for standing up for common sense. A rushed repeal would be irresponsible. We need a solution that improves care.
Or you could just pass the Bill that already passed last year like the GOP promised.
THANK YOU!!! Yes, please don't rush anything through.
You are rockin that Abe Lincoln look Senator Cotton
racist
the fact there was no ready to go replacement, tells me we might want to just go single payer.
Matt Worthington caught your lie Senator.
What lie? He was obviously referring to current bill.
