No Dream Act EVER or YOU lose your seat 
Just say NO to Dreamers 
#DEPORT Dreamers 
Citizens need the jobs! 
#BuildThatWall
Who’s the guy in the first picture?
Fill in the blank...
He is the president of Venezuela. Just wanted to make sure the person knew that. But then again, what do you expect from that kind of people
That kind of person = American Citizen
I'll take your comment as a compliment.  Thank you very much! Hugs!
I am also an American citizen but that does not mean I am an uninformed person.
No offense but your English grammar is often. deficient. I speak 6 languages and Spanish isn't one of them. I'm well educated & informed
I don’t think it’s a requirement to know Spanish in order to have some basic understanding of world affairs.
#EndDACA Dreamers used fake docs to steal jobs from Citizens #DEPORT illegal aliens NOW Keep American Citizens safe from invaders
With all your bigotry and hatred how are you even able to look your children in the eye.  The shame that will feel one day
The American PRIDE his children will feel
#NoAmnesty 
NO DREAM ACT EVER
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayer
I asked people to share what it's like to live in a country with universal health care. The responses that came in were incredible. 
Good,  you love Canada so much- LEAVE USA NOW! We'll help you pack
I'm sorry but if Congress gives DACA recipients amnesty, we will vote you all out!
Oh honey they will get amnesty and you should be the one to leave if you don't like it #resist
https://jmgjackie.wixsite.com/thejackieview/blank-1/2016/08/22/Back-from-Iraq-an-exclusive-interview-with-US-Commanding-Generals …
Treasonous Tom! How about writing a letter to your POTUS explaining to him how what he says & does represents this country.
"THATS SOME HAT HARRY"
Absolutely! I was born to stand out! 
Is that some sort of insult? It's corny as hell!
Likely. I think it's a line from a movie that came out years prior to us being born. 1975ish. Not completely sure. Completely unbothered.
¡Te amo, carajo!!!!!!
¡Ídem! 
The Senator's Chinese foreign policy point is spot on.  N. Korean nukes draw attention away from the seizure of South China Sea/Taiwan etc.
Tom , your racist comments on gender in the armed forces should trigger your resignation.
BWAHAHA! So  gender is now a 'race' eh? Just stop it. Let the military make their own policy. Stay out of it. DUMP #DACA
Are u a Russian boy
Well done @SenTomCotton, you have a bright future ahead. @chucktodd is a fool, time and again
Chain migration? Unskilled workers? Who is going to clean your house and do your dishes Tom.
DO catch up. #DACA doesn't do those lowly jobs.
I think my point might be that Ryan and the republicans  think they do. Did you miss the "unskilled" part of Tom's discussion?
Check the #DACA statistics. I don't put much faith in anyone's say-so.
No amnesty! This is what we voted for Mr Cotton.
There will be no amnesty!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou
I appreciate that Sen Cotton understands the failure of the 1986 Amnesty that increased illegal immigration in the U.S.
LOL! You think that Americans are as stupid as you are to believe trump's lies? He lies about everything, and you are NOT special!
Excellent
Sorry any GOP voting for DACA, we will make sure you will be voted out of a job. You work for us Americans and we were promise America 1st.
We do not want amnesty, why do you all not listen? POTUS promised those of us who put him in office. No means NO!
Why following law nobody respecting?  Raisesact no solution for 70yrs backlog . Dreamact no solution for #H4DREAMERS  . Is it punishment?
we shouldn't be looking for a SOLUTION for the interests of FOREIGNERS!! WE OWE THEM ABSOF$CKINGLUTELY NOTHING!!
DACA is illegal we all know this. Senator I support you and believe you. NO other country would even be talking about this subject.
Thank you for the RAISE Act and your efforts to protect American workers from too much immigration.
Good Job Someone has to do it.
You need Gods guidance
Excellent Interview with Senator Tom Cotton
Support DACA and give these valuable young people hope for the future.  They are some of our best. Thank you.
Well stated Sen Cotton -professional, accurate & whT we voted Trump to do- no amnesty, absolutely no chain migration and build the wall.
1 mil immigrants r allowed in U.S this year just halt it. Let the 800.000  DACA b only 1s this year. No others! just solved 2 problems ty
Nope. There are many others ahead in line. No favors for lawbreakers. DEPORT ALL ILLEGALS! No exception. DUMP #DACA
Are you one of those fake accounts they've been talking about? You've been tweeting about this every few minutes.
T, I admire your patience with C. He's not well versed on issues you discussed. He tried to get @POTUS. Excellent job. C is a dummy. @MSNBC
There isn't a deal? But main point is #AmnestyDon campaigned against DACA (deport)now flip-flopped to loves them wants a deal. MAGA is over
Well done Tom!! I wish more people in government could be more logical and rational minded like yourself...Thanks for all you do.  #Truth
Thank you @SenTomCotton #EndDACA 
No amnesty
Go RAISE ACT
Republican GOP up for re-election in 2018 will have a problem explaining how DACA got taken care of before the wall, healthcare & taxes. 
Pence / Cotton ticket in 2020? ?
But that all of these interviews went as calmly and civilly as this was...& I was able to glean some information from the discourse...nice!
No one listens to this fool.
Then, I would have to watch Chuck Todd.
Why can't all interviews be like this?
Is this me or @chucktodd is mush nicer and calm may be I have not seen his show for 9 month that is why
Which one?  The @potus who campaigned against #DACADAPA or the one breaking his promise on ending #DACADAPA?
Catch up. DAPA was shot down by the courts. Same fate awaits #DACA. No was American citizens should support illegal moochers.
@realdonaldtrump @POTUS Great idea; fine landlords & employers $5K 1st offense, $20K 2nd, 6 mos in jail 3rd https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=183&v=5f_ntHkkWeI …
Cotton is a patriot. I questioned DACA but now see it's political hit job. MAGA supporters all see it.
The only argument for amnesty is the false moral assertion that every minor who crosses the border deserves amnesty.
If one accepts this false assertion, then there can be no limits on amnesty for minors now, or in the future.
It's ridiculous to say that we must give DACA amnesty bc they crossed as minors, but then place arbitrary limitations on arrival date.
E.g. All minors who cross the border deserve amnesty. Therefore we will only give amnesty to minors who have been here for 4 years.
The USA has no obligation to care for foreign nationals. That is the moral obligation of their own country.
USA has a moral obligation to its own citizens. It's immoral to care for foreign nationals while neglecting your own homeless/unemployed.
Should gave called him out directly on his #FakeNews...
Chuckie cannot get it through his empty head..THERE IS NO DEAL! 
What an ignorant fool...
Refreshing..a politician that makes sense
and doesn't get rattled with the nonstop baiting from @chucktodd
Amnesty is unacceptable in any form. Did you mention a plan to deport the millions of illegals already here?
Hey Chuck! Wake up!!! AMERICANS FIRST!!! Read Cotton's lips!!!
When life was good no one was concerned about #DACA #Immigrants skilled or unskilled.  Now a skilled degree is worthless. smh
You lied about Reagan.
Your views are on the wrong side of history. Sounds like yo momma dropped you on your head!
Tom tell @POTUS No amnesty at all
If they ever get a guest worker thing going, what you going to do with female workers that get pregnant and have citizen? Cant ever leave
Perhaps the LAW needs to be changed. If a mother is NOT a citizen, then neither is her offspring. Deport ALL illegals including #DACA
If we have to eat another amnesty better make sure we get your Raise Act and Everify p front or nothing
He needs to be helping the people of his state.
No Amnesty!! Definitely no amnesty for family members of the DACAs. No voting rights.
Bottom line is these illegals need to be deported. NOW! DUMP #DACA American taxpayers are sick of the illegal moochers.
Thank you for standing against a bad #DACADeal! I just donated $35 to your campaign! Re-elect Cotton in 2020!
Any amnesty will turn Texas and Florida into Cali. End the GOP at the federal. 1986 amnesty created the leftard hold of Cali.
Chuckie! This is the ROOKIE junior senator from Arkansas. Hello? Who cares WTF he thinks? Why give him a mic?
EVERY SINGLE TIME I get onto Twitter, you are at the top of the page. You paying Twitter for premium coverage? Or just world-class Tweeter?
american workers, that's who.
Deport them all
Chucky is at that stage where he still thinks nobody notices he's going bald.
#kateslaw and #nosanctuaryforcrimalsact needs to be passed before we even think of DACA. American victims of illegal immigrants come first.
#NoAmnesty for #DACA. They have to apply and wait like everyone else. #AmericaFirst #BuildTheWall
How can Israel afford to give you a million dollars? @MeetThePress
Why would anyone go on this sleazy show?!
Do we need to file a lawsuit against you for violating Ada in posting noncaptioned video? #ada
All you have are lawsuits. The other side can do the same....and we have the president duschbag.
Yes, joined him and then lied about Reagan:
You are cold.  That example you gave about the parent wanting to get their child here is just why we should. Shameful and unchristian. #hell
What's shameful and unchristian is the parents thinking they are above US immigration law. They are cheaters and moochers. DEPORT! End #DACA

NO dreamers are legal, silly. DEPORT all the illegals and DUMP #DACA. Time the temporary deferral from deportation was done. #AmericaFirst
Did the Check from the Koch's Clear? Trump's new immigration plan would make Americans poorer - Vox
Yeah, lets stop chain migration, but back far enough that Trump you and all the rest of you immigrant scumbags go back to where you were.
Take care of #DACA participants now; change laws going FORWARD.
Can't do it without losing Texas and Florida to the Democrats.  Amnesty is suicide.
Terrorists spraying acetone muriatic acid using hard drive from over seas implementing bluetooth to cyber hack everything
Terrorists in Dale county Alabama
#treasonoustom
#traitortom
And you were awful. Your dodge of last question on Trans gender military said it all . Your a bigot and racist- you and Trump. Classless
Nice work articulating the immigration debate.
@SenTomCotton how will RAISE handle Employment based GC aspirants waiting in queue for >10 yrs? Plz understand #HR392 objectives. It's imp!
Will the RAISE act's point-based system reshuffle the queues. Especially for Indians and Chinese in the queues. I don't c any details.
Sir it's time to fix long wait time for legal law abiding immigrants. Please support us .
Stay in your home countries.  Why do you want to come here.
@SenTomCotton - are you trying to re-write history?
Reagan never said that:
It cost his home state. Of course it was his biggest mistake.
Why you don't care for law abiding, tax paying legal immigrants who are stuck in 70 years of GC backlogs and #H4DREAMERS ?
The USA is suffering from mass migration, we want fewer immigrants.  It's very hard on our social cohesion and social trusts.
#Fairness4Legals Indians waiting 10yrs, Other countries been getting GC within a year of applying. RAISE ACT puts us in another long line
Excellent reason not to watch @MeetThePress
Your silence on the denigration of the country and presidency makes you complicit. GOP loves power more than our country.
DACA is not an American priority, but repeal ACA, jobs, built the Wall, lower taxes, deport all illegal criminals, lower the debt
You think the party led by the guy that retweets @glamourizes and @fuctupmind is going to get things done. Good one.
FYI on the China/NK pressure. DT blacklisted a small Chinese bank known to be providing funds to NK & big C banks have now stopped NK accts
Yeah I am still laughing about stupid you looked. The "Racist Act" you mentioned going no where!
Protect the American constitution & American sovereignty & American borders! No compromise on these principles is acceptable Senator Cotton!
The core debate w/politicos may not be about the legal status Sen Cotton, but that is the core question with blue & white collar Americans
Tom Cotton is the very definition of a mealy-mouthed, slimy politician. Never takes a stand on anything except his lobbyists' talking points
You need to reoriented the green card system to high skilled workers w/o compromise on DACA. Why can't Repub majority get this done?

You could have stood with transgendered soldiers...brave enough to fight on our behalf. The correct answer was they are already serving.
He said the trannies serving now will be allowed to stay.
We Love you @SenTomCotton
Why did you lie about Reagan saying amnesty was his biggest mistake? Why do you spread internet rumors as fact?

You want to protect American workers Support labor unions. Since the GOP has torn down unions blue collar workers pay diminished STOP the BS
- Outstanding as always, Sen. Cotton. Principled and well spoken.
Don't you know "highly skilled" immigrants don't pick fruit or make beds? Fix DACA for those kids. Stop tacking on right-wing objectives.
Tom. You are part of the GOP death panel.  Shame

Chuck Todd, you are a GOP hack. You love repubs and Bernie. Suckup MTP
President Trump has broken my heart but the writing was on the wall when he selected his staff & fired conservatives Gen. Kelly is the worst
Great interview! Todd tries to put you in a box and stir controversy and you shut that down. Repubs have to get something done though. Taxes
He did? TREASONOUS TOM.
My immigration plan. Deport all MAGA (aka nazis) and warmongering neocons so real Americans can live in peace and happiness.
Great job Sen Cotton_We know AR can alway count on you 2 help lead the way in making a better tomorrow_DACA Amnesty Will Affects Arkansans
Great Job!
Weakness in our lawmakers has hurt ppl they hv worked into our system by illegal means. Now they use them again politically to score points
I like Tom Cotton, short of imposing new regulations going fwd..r weak politicians hv broken rule of law so we r faced w these consequences
Glad you survived that, Senator
Only thing about all the interviews you do " it's all Yap Yap and nothing gets accomplished! Nothing .
thanks, that channel is not allowed in my house
.

The unbearable white nativism of Cotton 

.
Great job, as always, Senator. 
Remember that Cotton and 46 other traitors sent a letter to Iranian leaders to ignore Obama's attempts to reach a peaceful agreement?
Great interview.  I wish more in the Senate thought like you


Funny, MSM/Dems give out false information, then they turn around and say Trump's W/H is in chaos. It's a dirty game they play. Slimes.
They are #overpaidscumbags AND on #bothsides ! #ArticleV
So true...
@SenTomCotton YOU are ONE of the VERY FEW I #TRUST!
Any DACA deal = amnesty 
#RaiseAct 
#noDACA
#noWarsforNWO
Trump shares edited clip of him knocking down Clinton with golf ball
Where is our wall????
