good job Tom!
you are a true patriot and an exceptional human. You bring a voice  of reason in the unreasonable land of politics. Thank you
Did they not teach you to recognize a coup in the service? Are you just going to fall in?
@memnosoncos @SenTomCotton sheep. All of them. Soulless drones.
blackmailed or threatened or scared -- or greedsters willing to sell out for gain. Sickening.
it's disgusting. My dog has more morals and integrity than these soulless sheep.
Great Job Hun 
     
#americanfascist
proud, you make us proud! 
Traitor Tom in love with strongman bullies since he's such a spineless wimp.
You are sick. But from reading your tweets, you're a bitter angry divisive person. Be part of solutions or have a seat. #LiberalTears 
That's good but not nearly as good as when you told Chucky the Schum to shove it up his nose yesterday!
Stand Strong Tom Cotton! Stand against the "LLL"  LIBERTARD lunatic leftists
Your response reminds me of something my dad would have said 
Would it be possible for you to be a co-Senator for Louisiana? 
@lsosis thank you Senator. #AmericaIsWatching
you're the best. Wish you would've knocked @SenSchumer on his lying ass. We're stuck with him in NY. 
Don't know how sleazy @chuckschumer gets elected, we I'm NY can't stand him .
thanks for reminding schumer about your service!
You told Shummer brother, we need more vets in congress. Thank you for serving both places
Tom, keep speaking up. God bless!
Thank You for standing up to Chuck Schumer!
you rock!
https://goo.gl/KHnIIS 
seriously Mr. Cotton. Your job is to uphold the integrity of your office. Lies and deceit will be uncovered now or later.
we in Arizona would like to trade a Flake or McCain for Tom Cotton. A very impressive man.
Thank you Senator Cotton for calling Shumer out & getting the Pompeo vote to happen. You are a great leader.
yes thank you!
Go for all Senator Cotton.   Praying for America..
Thanks Senator Cotton Your a hero
Honestly?  Good Luck.
@Veteran4Trump bravo. You are a true American heroes. Hey@chuckschumer what branch of The military did you serve in?
How come this video can't play? Twitter or technical.
Must be technical, here is another link, hope this one works,  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWvn5-kz7eo …
Excellent! Thank you friend.
@JohnBoozman the voters gave a mandate to block all nominees until the next election
He could easily be POTUS one day! 
Proud of you!!! 
I'm insane now
#lovetomcotton thank you for standing for the American Deplorable 's #clownchuckgot2go!
 thanks for ur service and for keeping the clowns in place. Keep up the great work  @FoxNews @foxandfriends #MAGA #dts
@ProudMomOf_9 ok I finally got it. Very nice speech! Glad to see you on board 
Great!
@ProudMomOf_9 it says content not available
Sorry
I got it!! Glad to see him on board with trump.
I applaud you!
wow! Shummer turned into a shimmy when a real man called him out.  New Sheriff in Town! 
fantastic beat down on liberal wack job today!
did you also speak on the floor for Butts? What a shameful and dishonest person you are. To spite a good civil servant for not
nice job! 
@mmj6279 
Fantastic speech
proud of your stance today.
Cassandra Butts would've been a great ambassador, but that didn't stop u from blocking her for political reasons. #hypocrisy
Thanks for helping to get through.
we know don't worry. Fascism is strong with you, that is why you have few issues with Trump.
You are just awesome, did you straiten Schumer out today? Awesome! Finally the real men are back!
I'm looking for the moment that preceded this speech, Tom. You know what I'm talking about. @SenSchumer  Hah!
Thank you for standing up to Sen Schumer.  I'm also a 101 Abn vet.  You did us and our country proud.
@Lordozz Thank you for your service.
great job today senator. Keep the fight for the USA 
Heard about your interaction with Schumer..well done!
Thanks for all U do to #KeepAmericaSafe. U know what's needed. Loved #TeteATete w/ Schumer. Know Pompeo will do good job #tcot
#ThankYou @SenTomCotton!!!!! @DoreenParrish
Very nice and informative. You showed some what real patriotism and character is today. I know your mama is proud of you. 
the lack of self awareness is mind boggling you hypocrite.
Does the name Cassandra mean anything to you? The hypocrisy
Brilliant job today, thank you.
Thank you sir, for your service and dedication in confronting Americas enemies & obstructionist, who want our country to fail
“Eight years ago, I was getting my ass shot at in Afghanistan. So don’t talk to me about where I was 8 years ago.” Love it!
I missed it,, I am sure your supreme leader Putin watches.
Thank you for your service Senator. Great job on the senate floor today. Keep it up
Well done sir!  Mike Pompey has just been confirmed !!!!!!  Great job on the floor today.
Thank you for your support of the Russian coup of the White House.  You're a real patriot.  </sarcasm>
Thank you!!
@Calendula2016
you were incredible!!  Keep it up!!

Thank you 
Nothing but love for that completely EPIC rip into that jackwagon. #DemocraticDumbazz
WILL DO IT WITH THE DEMS HELP OR WITHOUT THEY HAVE A CHOICE OR WE WILL LEAVE THEM BEHIND.
GREAT JOB SEN WE ARE BEHIND YOU GET ALL OF POTUS TRUMP PICKS CONFIRMED AS SOON AS YOU CAN SO WE CAN MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN MY FRIEND WE
, I'm truly proud to have Mr. Cotton as  my Senator!
Important to know:
Great job Senator!!
. Thank you, sir.
 @Darren32895836
Your one of the Good Guys. Please Stay that Way. No Longer the Silent Party!! No more Demonizing Patriotism!!
Well done Senator Cotton.
THANKS 4 SITTING THAT CLOWN FROM NYC STRAIGHT ON WERE U WHERE 8 YEARS AGO! WE LOVE U THANK U 4 YOUR SERVICE! LOVE FROM TEXAS!
thanks for telling the Sen. from NY how the cow ate the cabbage Sen. Cotton
#SenSchumer is a coward with no moral courage.  He probably didn't know BHO had troops in Iraq & Afghanistan till u told him
beard game skrong, Tom.
Way to go!!! We need more like you!
Thank you for your service for standing up to Chuck Schumer.  Keep kicking ass and press on!
so proud of you taking a stand for mike pompeo...hang in there!
Thank you for standing up to Schumer & your service to our country!
Great job calling out @SenSchumer today 
Thank you, good to have you representing My Family
Thank you Senator Cotton for telling Schumer how it is. You are a true patriot!
I applauded your come back about eight year's ago!!!
Thank You!
Thank you for all that you do!
you are a badass taken it to @SenSchumer like that!
thank you sen Cotton for going after @SenSchumer as a New Yorker I'm glad you are working toward a greater America.
are you the only senator with balls? You go man.Senate should go into lock down till this is done. Bring jammies.get it done.
great job against Schumer, thank you for your service!
Yay!  GOP Senator who isn't cowering!  You go!!!
Thank you so much!
great job!!!!!
Thank you for serving OUR country! Thank you for reminding @chuckschumer what you were doing 8 years ago! 
Why are you such a  peevish, spiteful, little ? Asking for a friend.
....Great!!!!!.....Make those who would delay the process for party politics act for National security!!
Thank U  4 your support & courage! Finally someone put Schummer in his place.Its great to know U & our Pres.have our backs!
Thank you!
I'm reading you held up an Obama appointment until she passed away. Just to "inflict pain" on Obama. Irresponsible.
Just saw you yelling at Schumer on the senate floor Friday. That's what I like to see! Fight the fight!
You did a great job. Thank you
tell them Sen. Cotton
"8 Years Ago I Was Getting My ASS SHOT OFF IN AFGHANISTAN!"!?!  #BestTweetEVER!!! With All Due Respect To @POTUS
Thank you so very much not only for standing up to Sen. Schumer but for your courage and sacrifice.
Good work Senator Cotton. Keep ripping the child minded Democrat Senator!
thank you!
Wish you were our guy here in Maine!
I really love the way he stuck at the Schumer… Eight years ago haha
@foxnews @sentomcotton Thank U 4 being n Afghanistan 8 yrs ago, getting UR "Ass shot at", & still getting shot @ n Congress, fighting 4 US!
As always, a sharp, detailed, acct of military training, education, experiences that make @mikepompeo excellent #CIA Director.
Keep standing up to Sourpuss Schumer.
Someone in the senate needs to stand up for the Pres to the Dems. Senate needs some backbone to push back . This is ridiculous
You're a favorite around my house!  Keep up the good work!
what qualifies him ? His political witch hunt of #Hillary ?
What America thinks of Mike Pomeo:
I hope Democrats treat Trump's nominees in the exact same fashion as you treated Obama's. Fair enough @SenTomCotton ???
do you regret the harm you caused Cassandra Butts and her family?
saw your encounter with Chuck S. on the floor, way to go Tom!
Yes Tom, way to go!!!!
Keep it up!!!
great job Sir. Keep it up Ranger.
literally nobody cares.
