GOP should care about DT's taxes. It's a matter of national security and business conflict concerns. That's in the Constitution - your duty.
Lmao, and how'd it go?
Hey Cotton: Trumps 2016 returns are NOT under audit. As a Senator you& @SenateGOP can pass bill FORCING his returns. We demand them!
You Republicans CAN demand the IRS RELEASE @realDonaldTrump's TAX RETURNS .... what are you afraid to see?  Oh yeah, TREASONOUS OBLIGATIONS!
Sen Cotton: We Americans believe every President should release their tax returns. BTW: all presidents R audited EVERY Year AND release them
Trumpers think we need to know if he pays taxes or what he earns.Thats not it.We need to see who/ where heOWES money to.Where loyalties lie.

Sen Cotton. You don't look smart repeating trumps LAME excuse for not releasing promised returns
IRS was clear:Audit doesn't prevent release
By the way, the IRS said it was absolutely fine for him to release returns, even if under audit.
The IRS does not "OWN" ones taxes.Do they think America has no CPA's to confirm they can release the taxes?? OMG!!!
Trump's taxes are under audit as I'm a multibillionaire! 10 year old tax returns still under audit?! Bull!
aIRS says one CAN release their taxes WHILE on AUDIT. You KNOW that.  STOP covering for @realDonaldTrump  75% OF Americans WANT this. COWARD
Hey Sen Cotton. New taxes are out! President isn't "under audit". Better find a new story for protecting that corrupt lying grifter.
@POTUS @TomCottonAR Did you forget the Trump/Russia thing being investigated. We haven't forgot! Trump has to show his TAXES!
Was that loud and clear enough for you?

Where's the part where they laughed and booed at him?
Can't the Senate Intelligence Committee subpoena his returns? Seems that would provide clues into #Trumprussia
Tom- DJT is under audit? Every President is audited, every year, and they still manage to release their returns. That dog ain't gonna hunt!
FYI- a town hall full of ppl screaming at you does NOT bode well in '18 or '20. Lookin' forward to a Blue Senate!
Sen. Tom Cotton was booed during a town hall while defending Trump on the hot-button issue of releasing tax returns http://cnn.it/2pLaGDX  
Nice lie about the audit. The doesn't make a hill of beans difference.
voters don't forget this next election! Where is the audit letter?? It never existed!
I really thought you were different. Silly me. You and Jeff Lord should hang out. Zero difference. You could have been something special.
Saw you in your town hall. Why do you protect trump and his audit? It's bullshit and you know it. Do you have no self respect? Disgusting!
Great job Rep. Cotton! Thank you for standing strong!
Stop saying same, stupid things Pres Trump uses about releasing his taxes! We're not ALL idiots
Usually has his names on buildings?! That is a Truly disingenuous or stupid statement Senator.
What's the harm in voting to release Trump's returns? If he's got nothing to hide? Why are you complicit in this coverup? (Kompromat on U?)
Oh, and FYI, you can release your tax returns even if you are being audited. That's not a viable excuse!
You did great stay strong. #MAGA. Change the law if dem want the tax return.
Sometimes people should do the right thing w/o having to be compelled by law.  Americans are worried about influence -> release the returns!
Step Down you don't give your people a clear and honest answer it's all Trumped up crap.
glad that u broadcasted this
I watched video of your town hall. Are you willing to actually hear what your constituents are telling you?
Imagine Obama or Clinton not releasing tax returns?? What would Cotton say then? History will record Sen Tom Cotton as a HYPOCRITE!!
But GOP is full of liars & hypocrites. A fact.
Rules only apply for Dems. GOP would have raised hell if any Dem Pres refused 2 release taxes.
Nice BOOs on the request for #TrumpTaxReturn.  Don't stay with the sinking ship! #MAGA #DrainTheTrump #Trumprussia #Flynnghazi


Tom, oh righteous one, You support the Death of the Eight Men in your State? Real Christain are you. Scare of hell?
Right on. Pro life people support All life, not just anti abortion. How many kids have they adopted, fostered, helped? Working on hunger??
Some suggested motive for(botched) Yemen raid was to help UAEmirates. Immediately following raid UAE gave Trump Biz permits to build hotel!
And he got his ass handed to him! Best to start putting his exit strategy together.. his constituency wants him hogtied.
For instance; we know that Arab countries SaudiArabia, UAE& Turkey left OUT of MuslimBan where trump coincidentally OWNS HOTELS
Sen Cotton, 60% of Americans want to see his tax returns. The rest don't understand the importance of this transparency
Com'on Sen Cotton. Be a man. Stand up to trump. You know why we need his taxes.Transparency. See conflicts of interest. Poss Russian debt??
Hey Cotton: you know damn well being under Audit is NOT a viable excuse for trump not releasing txs! Besides what about this years returns?

please do the right thing and support congressional efforts to obtain and release trump's full taxes.
Mid-day on the monday after a holiday. Brave...
