Tom "Party before country" Cotton.
You must be a demo! It's Tom "truth speaker"Cotton to you!!

FEC report: Mueller's team includes big Democrat donors. Some maxed out, none wanted Trump to be POTUS. @CNNPolitics http://cnn.it/2rUgYoD 
Can you confirm not photoshopped?  These days I don't know if someone posting as a joke or if they are serious.  Want to pass this on.  Tks
Thank you much
He didn't say he wasnt there! Good@God@do@any of you sheep watch the hearing and take in all spoken or just what you want!
Yes, I watched it intently and he did say that. Did you watch it all? And he also verified that Comey was correct Pres asked him to leave.
LOL, I do believe the Liberals got triggered today ! Great job Sen. Cotton!
Read some of the threads on this! Lol!
Why would you joke at AG Sessions public testimony? Russia is invading America and you must think it's a joke. Shameful.
Mr Cotton the very things you are accuse Comey of doing is what your doing "theatrics"
 
You are AMAZING!  Love your line of questioning, Senator!  Thank you for calling out the ridiculousness of the Democrats!
Hahahahaha!!! By asking about spy novels and movies? Oh yeah, that was a class act. :P
Pay attention to the whole investigation.  More than a theory at this point.
Oh brother.. multiple people, from Comey to Feinstein have said that there is NO EVIDENCE of COLLUSION. Wake up. #NOCOLLUSION
No they haven't.  They've said: THEY HAVE SEEN NO EVIDENCE.  Big difference.
After 11 months of investigation. #giveitup
Coming from a Repub that's laughable after the time and money spent on Benghazi investigation.  How'd that work out?
After your special little dinner with Trump the other night, we can see you are doing his bidding and complicit in the #trumprussia cover-up
You do the American people a great disservice by throwing your fellow committee members under the bus in questioning #sessions DO YOUR JOB
Bravo  
how much has been deposited into your savings account because you act like you've been paid to #trump America.
You sir are ridiculous!
He hams for the cameras. He's a shameless self-promoter. He can't help himself.
He's got to be in the Trump payroll!!
Putin payroll*
Just do it!
The REAL budget control act would be TAX REFORM, sir...Let's get busy!
REPEAL IT!  DO WHAT @POTUS WANTS!
Disgrace is the only word I come up with to describe you Sen.
There were no Cotton balls in the chamber today.
There it is!!! 
To the point, great job.
Not so easy being a senator.
You know who thought your jokes at #sessionshearing were hilarious? Putin. You've disgraced your office and country.
How exactly did I do that?
How dare you use your time to question Jeff Sessions today to tell jokes and make light of this? What a disgrace. Patriots are not laughing.
Actually it is a big joke.
Obama and the Demorcratic party is corrupt and dangerous. #fixed
Sold your soul to Trump, this will be remembered come redemption day. #TomCotton toxic treason defender.
*Putin
Sounds like someone's got his big-boy pants on today.
Tom Cotton you embarrass our country, your state and most of all yourself.  If you want want to find answers leave committee.
Do your job and stop carrying water for DJT.
Unless you work for Putin, in which case your time will come.
Just keep in mind Mr. Cotton all the trash talk you're getting on here means nothing remember there truly are more that respect your truth!
 Great!!!
Hypocrite
You have put party over country America is watching go ahead and obstruct get a lawyer and re elections very soon
So how much is Putin paying you to romance sessions on television?

Party before country, straight up.
You really stirred up the snowflakes  today keep it going, most sensible Americans have heard enough about the BS Russia narrative
You make the country a joke, just like the rest of the tRump asslickers.
You are ridiculous! Why are you included on any committee? What a joke you were today at Sessions hearing! Spy movies really?
Sen. Cotton do you watch bond movies? And how is your Pres. Trump and Putin doing.
Not gonna post the video with Sessions huh? Done enough to prove your loyalty to Donald today already?
STOP this witch hunt.  Wasting my taxes. REPUBLICANS need to start fighting back.  DEMS are controlling the narrative.
Awesome work today !!!!!!
If there is nothing to hide where are the taxes you said you wanted? Now who is lying about what?!!
How many generations will it take for your family to live this down? History will show you chose party over country every time. Disgraceful.
We were DUPED & so were you! If there is nothing to hide like @POTUS tapes- then @jeffsessions would just answer the questions!
Congratulations to you for putting your foot in the a** of the ridiculous political witch hunt known to the #Resistance as #TrumpRussia. LOL
You were just smacking down people all over the Hill today weren't you, Senator Cotton?! Wish you were my Senator!  #SenatorEnvy
Thank you Mr. Cotton for not being afraid to call out both the Republicans and Democrats for their mismanagement of our hard earned money.
They seem to forget next time it just might be the republicans
Rep with backbone, rare! Good job!
so?
Great line of questioning!
Why all you are doing is grandstanding!!!
Good job with sessions today...only one question...how do the presidents balls taste?
You were absolutely fantastic today!!
A COMPLETE take down of the BS,
Bravo!!
Well well ole KremlinCotton showed his colors today he's working for Putin not America
#KremlinCuck #FakePatriot
Your dismissal of the American people's concern over Russian attacks on our democracy as a joke is despicable.
Jeff Sessions is a liar and so are you #Hypocrisy
At least Tom Cotton is getting work done. This committee is a waste of time. Investigate Russia Cyber Attacks.
A theatrical performance during AG Session's senate hearing asserting fictional circumstances - consider yourself Slytherin and a TRAITOR.
How was dinner last week with you, Rubio and Trump? In addition to birthday cake for breakfast it looks like you eat burnt steak w/ketchup.
You think this is a joke! You were pathetic!  country before party!
Schutzstaffel.
You were such an embarrassment.  You are the definition of a sell out.
I was not surprised by the ? He asked sessions. Talk bout getting to the truth. Wouldn't know truth if it came out his very behind! #russia
Why did you lie about the GOP platform regarding Ukraine?! Trump camp wanted 1 thing: softer on Russian invasion of Ukraine. They got it.
Are f-ing kidding?   How dare you take the destruction of our democracy lightly!  You are sick and need to be fired now.
Maybe you should step down from the committee since you think it's just a joke.
Tell so-called jokes in a hearing ? Do your job sir 
. This the Sessions hearing deals with Russia's hacking and messing with an election !
Great job !!!!!!!!!
Your bro on bro jokes reveal your trail of slime
Trumps Puppet #trumplies
You've lost your credibility @SenTomCotton You made a mockery of a serious part of our Democracy. Shame on you!
LOVED you today! great job with Sessions. the humor was refreshing.
You presentation was pathetic, unprofessional, unpatriotic, and disgusting!
We know what you're being blackmailed over, but did you take Russian Monet, too. @SenTomCotton
You brought up your frustration w/Holder & contempt & went to court, so I assume you'd be in favor of doing that in this case. Correct?!?
When is the Senate going  to Censure Crass Senator Gilibrand for saying FU to Our President Trump..
Tom Cotton - Traitor to the United States and its people.
I thought you did great today Senator!  Comedy is only allowed if its Dems (chuck schumer) putting on a skit on tax payers time.  #MAGA
If this is a spy movie you would make an excellent traitor to the US!
Sen Cotton spy movies joke is cover for Seasions to deny personal collusion. Ignores entire RU effort while insulting Comey & Intelligence.
You did the entire country a disservice and showed Russia comes before country.
So you're dirty too? Is that basically what you meant while you were questionably questioning Sessions?  We are watching.
I want you to post where u berated members over anything related to H Clinton..think you loved comey when he interfered in election
You are nothing but a Scumbag #GOP #Divider! You are another reason I turn #YouDogDemocrat I hope you get Voted Out of the Senate
This hearing is a joke.  Comey said no votes were changed.  It was an ATTEMPT & no matter what happens, HRC will never be president.
as an Army veteran how do you put your corporate sponsors&party 1st over country and constitution you swore to defend #VetsAgainstTrump
Think you got a little elf on your lips there, homey.
Stop dividing the parties! You sicken me! Unbelievably! Harmful to American & the people!!!
You are unbelievably sickening! How can you treat this so lightly! Out for yourself & in cahoots!!
You are my Hero today
Good job today senator!  Thank you for being a voice of reason!
Your use of time was absolute ridiculous and a mockery to the American people
I think dems think it's their duty to fill ur page up with crap
Thank u 4 pointing at REAL problem of lying commi anti-American evil demon devil commie traitor fraud baboon Bama & corrupt KKKillary!
This has come to the breaking point enough enough enough real people have real problems thank you Sen Cotton
Cotton are an idiot. This attack on the USA is a VERY serious and frightening cover up. Just wait til our power grid is struck by Russians
Sen u da man
Enjoy your remaining time in the Senate. Thankfully, it will prove to be your last. Real Americans will make that a reality, I assure you!
U did GREAT w sessions 2day!thanks 4 pointing at the REAL problems baboon Bama anti-American lying evil demon devil party!
Why are you trying to cast doubt about Russian interference in our elections?
Rather weak in today's meeting with Sessions-if it looks like a crook likely is a crook-looks like you want to be complicit in the crimes
Remember @gop @TomCottonAR writing a letter to Iran with other republicans to undermine our National Security. #47traitors #SessionsHearing
What did Trump promise you for your performance today at the Sessions hearing?  You're appalling.  Party over country eh Cotton?
Very very disappointed in the way you handled sessions. Pathetic.
Tom did a great job at today's hearing. He is completely right, this is a joke just like The Democrats!!!!
I've never seen someone gargle a man's balls like you did today. You took Session's whole shaft and didn't even break a sweat.
Hey Tom! Gonna send Putin a letter saying regardless of the outcome of the investigation, you will be pivot man at any Kremlin circle jerk?
You're so blatantly Party first and piss on  the country. A wanna be dictator is in the WH but hey-he's a Republican. That's your leader.
#25thforthe45th
Congrats on being the Sessions hearing's biggest a-hole.
You need to be voted OUT! #VoteHimOut
How do you know that 9 mo. of FBI investigation has revealed NO evidence of collusion? Closed session info? Are you leaking?
Perhaps some anger management classes would work well for you. You seem to have some deep seeded anger that you're not hiding well.
I'll tell you why Comey doesn't trust 45; 1.he is a well known liar. 2.He isn't truthful. 4.He lies. Been stupid all your life?
Thank you, Sen Cotton for being an honest, respectable man for our Country!   this hearing is a complete joke, and the Dems are ruthless
Your disingenuous line of questioning shows you have nothing relevant to add. You're a waste of congressional space.
Why must you act with such arrogance? Just ask questions in furtherance of the inquiry at hand.
Thank you very much for pointing out the obvious!  Hard to believe the left wants to keep pushing the false narrative!
Did any of the GOP members of the committee ask Sessions whether there was any collusion?
You'll have to tell your grandchildren one day that when you had the chance to defend our democracy, you used your time to make jokes.
THE REPUBLICAN PARTY WILL NOT DEFEND AMERICA AGAINST FOREIGN INTRUSION ON OUR FREE ELECTIONS.
#MAGA Great Job Sen Tom Cotton!! Direct and to the point. Thank you!
You also spent a lot of time orally pleasing Jeff Sessions.
if their patriotic how could they never bring up to the Russians insult of hacking our elections answer me that
all the meeting or affiliation with the Russians doesn't anyone find it weird that nobody asked them about the hacking
You were the most concise and informative speaker of the afternoon.
Thanks to Tom we found out that Sessions like Bond movies.   extremely informative!
Washington Sessions so patriotic why did he never bring up to the Russians the hacking of our election Liars
how long will the tea party hold the USA in jeopardy in order to protect this administration that lacks an inkling of honesty
About that platform question....http://www.npr.org/2016/08/06/488876597/how-the-trump-campaign-weakened-the-republican-platform-on-aid-to-ukraine …
Dude omg  your a poor excuse for a patriot
Your good old boy exchange with Sessions would have been appropriate at a country club in Alabama, not in a Senate hearing.   Shameful!
Tom Cotton pretends to be a Good lawyer,hé is not.His questions in hearing today were irrelevent partisan&stupid, poor representative 4 AR.
Pay attention to your job at hand and stop tweeting during an important hearing. We get it, you love yourself.
You went on and on abt what question the Dems should have asked & then didn't ask it.  You are a GOP hack.  Embarrassing

It's awfully strange that Trump admin. officials won't discuss conversations with POTUS on Russia/Comey but are happy to on other matters
History books will not be kind to you re: your performance at Sessions hearing today!
You can't get answers because the republicans on the committee are not interested in getting to the bottom of what happened

In this time with a very unstable person in control of nukes in North Korea we need to be very focused on our military spending.
You should be ashamed of your performance today. You're not interested in the truth. You're interested in the cover-up. @funder, anything?
Wow. Read all these comments and tell us you don't think you should listen. Elections soon will change things.
#resist trumprussia watching extremely close cotton ..
Your cocky performance today with Sessions did nothing to support democracy. Shame on you.
He also broke the rules of the committee put forth at the start of the hearing leaks have nothing to do with what the hearing is about.
I know I have found a good man when i see the liberals below and their responses.
Meaningless dialogue from an old missionary statesman
