DACA citizens have only known America as home & have studied for their careers, just as "Americans" have.They've worked for what they have
@SIIA_US Any promising fix in RAISE act for 1.5 million high skilled, working here more than 10 Yrs & paying ALL taxes?
Friend in tech industry hasn't had a raise in 5 years due to green card workers from India $0.70 on the dollar... fair ? H1B ?
Tell to your friend in TECH Industry RAISE comes with knowing # of new techs. raise won't come with doing same excel.
And you plz know that we aren't taking anyone jobs. We have been pumping to billions & billions of $s to SS Tax too.
And many commit felonies stealing SS#
@SIIA_US can you please help the legal immigrants GC backlog. You are the hope. This improves American jobs and businesses.
No, he can't.
All are talking Ilegal immigration, but legal process is so tough, and no one cares to resolve the long queue to get a Green card.
I agree, legal process should be streamlined but overall immigration should be culled to better serve American citizens and new arrivals
Have a 4 months old daughter who is a citizen, I can't change job bcas I will lose my place in the waiting queue, living with fear alawys.
Indentured servitude at the behest of corporations. I'm sorry, know it must be hard. Unfortunately as citizen not much better
@LamarSmithTX21 Pass RAISE then u can simplify the immig process &still control it. Dreamers 2back of line AFTER DHS certifies secure border
Because the current pres isnt a cuck like him.
No amnesty. None. We don't want it!
Senator, how RAISE Act will affect #H1B and similar employment based visas scam? There are 1000s #H1B in GC backlog.
There is no shortage of #skilled workers. The foreign work #visas are nothing more than a corporate scam on #American #workforce. No taxes !
I am a constituent. NO amnesty for none under any circumstances. COME IN RIGHT FROM COUNTRY OF BIRTH! That will influence my vote
reform the system first, remember how the Dems screwed Reagan on this same issue
@SIIA_US what abt kids brought here legally 10 Yrs ago & stuck in 70Yrs Green card backlogs? LEGAL Dreamers fix  needed.
Legitimizing Dreamers in exchange for your immigration reform is a weak position to start negotiation. Legitimization must also be on merit.
Wall funding, e verify, biometrics and reduction in legal immigrants
Senator, DACA recipients have paid $2 Billion in local, state, and federal taxes. How much has the leader of your party, Pres. Trump, paid?
Mr. Cotton, many US citizens have parents overseas that may need care in their old age. The bible clearly states to honor parents. Secondly,
And many us citizens have parents in CA where their kids can't afford to live.
And many US citizens are paying and in debt attending state colleges where illegals get state funded free college.
@SIIA_US What about hard working forever waiting high skilled legal immigrants? Is it a crime to follow all rules and suffer forever?
There must be a limit on importing high skilled cheaper labor from India
Immigration actually has a positive effect on the labor market. Read more, spew nonsense less:
Why? Why does one depend on the other besides wanting both to fail.
so maybe require assimilation, 3 year christian seminary and 4 yr military front line service learn English? If want to be American?
Why let all these people in when automation will take their jobs and the state/ govt/citizens will bear the burden. Higher pop. Less jobs?
Automation will take over a lot of white collar jobs. The sooner we stop cheap labor, the more companies Wiil invest in high tech
Quite UNFAIR if DACA's given Citizenship +Vote in Future Elections it would tilt the scale towards DEMS & IS UNFAIR 2 those who follow rules
Not allowed to bring in family.
Never citizenship, never job before citizen either. What about parents that broke the law?
Revisit your bill. Ask God for wisdom and ask US citizens from other countries about their thoughts on your bill. God can speak thru them.
Jesus criticized the Pharisees for preventing people from supporting their parents monetarily. Still, it is about caring for parents.
Why would we codify DACA?
Don't support DACA Tom.  Support the wall.
Thanks for ur efforts for hard working imm. Who after following due proedure wait 15 years for GC
Ps everyone reiterating 11 mil that was a total in 2012,in 2008 it was 3.5 mil,in January it was 20 million. you need to educate our own pop
Contact Harvard they are having seminars , have them testify before congress
Here the articles https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/world/asia_pacific/a-disaster-in-the-making-pakistans-population-has-more-than-doubled-in-20-years/2017/09/08/4f434c58-926b-11e7-8482-8dc9a7af29f9_story.html …
http://www.fairus.org/issue/the-united-states-is-already-overpopulated …
https://www.hsph.harvard.edu/population-development/ …
Doctor barlett from Colorado discusses pollution,lack of resources I believe he discusses economic and wages
Pls review the following data regarding overpopulation Harvard page giving lectures about pay and healthcare
How about we just enforce our laws for a change! End DAKA! We're tired of being forced to bow down to those who are here illegally!
People are just talking about illegal undocumented. What about who came legally waiting from yrs paying tax and waiting in line for GC .
And money for the WALL. #BuildTheWall #DRAINTHESWAP #TaxReform #MAGA
NO standalone DACA bill - ALL illegal aliens must be dealt with in RAISE Act and include funding for the Wall!  @sendavidperdue @JeffFlake
ALL illegal aliens including DACA should be dealt with in the RAISE Act-include funding for the Wall! @sendavidperdue @JeffFlake @RepDavid
RAISE act is a terrible idea. We keep cutting education and demonizing higher ed. We do not have the native workforce to fill these jobs.
You tweeted this tweet before. THEY ARE TWO COMPLETELY DIFFERENT ISSUES. Do NOT try to USE Dreamers as a means to an end. They are HUMAN ppl
Gee my brother in law got his and then later applied for and got full citizenship. Sure didn't take 70 years. 
You're concerned about American workers? When did THAT start?
And should lead to a path to citizenship so we don't go through this the next regime change.
How about GC Backlogs skyrocketing at 70 + years
This is a lie. My brother in law got his AND then his application for citizenship granted and it sure didn't take 70 years!
It used to be for folks who applied before 2009... not any more 
Punishing employers who hire illegal immigrants would be a step towards reform. Somehow I doubt you will make that suggestion.
If harder working or better educated people are taking your job, blame yourself not immigrants.
2/2 but we need to clear backlog. People have been waiting for over a decade #legalimmigration #DACA #greencards
1/2@chamath could you please help #legalimmigrants who have been waiting for #greencards for over a decade? #RAISEACt is a good first step.
@SenTomCotton ur support is imp for @RepKevinYoder 's #HR392. #HR392 has > 250 bipartisan cospnsrs. Ur gesture will brng goodwill to RAISE.
Senator let's repeal Obamacare and build the wall first. I'm your constituent. Priorities. What about all our homeless children citizens?
8 + yrs has been all about illegals.  Nothing good for legal citizens who pay for these programs.
As much as I hate that children r involved I believe the DACA children shud return to homeland with parents and make their country better
Senator Cotton, thx for your hard work.Whatever you do I don't want any Future DACA's
No amnesty!!!
How is it that these illegals received elementary education without proper documentation? No illegals should receive welfare benefits.
Wrong. Every time a Republican negotiates on immigration, they get screwed (Reagan). Just say no to DACA.
NO $  FOR WALL!!!!!!!
RIDICULOUS - build 10ft wall & they'll build a 14ft ladder, or dig under, or go around 
SO UTTERLY STUPID
You are the Israeli prostitut. On the payroll of AIPAC   Don't give a shit about American
And what about future enforcement? Does anyone on left ask "How do we have 11M+ undocumenteds in US? How does State Georgia sneak into US?
And a Wall, Everify, and Visa Tracking Reform.  Did I say a Wall?
Amnesty is a bad idea, we are flooded with mass immigration already.  Let's help people get home!  #RAISEACT please!
Agree

Please make provision in #RAISEACT to clear #greencard backlog. Waiting for over 10 years is not fair!!!
But it needs to take care of clearing the GC backlog who have been waiting for 10 http://years.next  regulations should be for fresh.
gonna ride that Trump train to 2020...

but could not do in 16 years now can do in 6 months hope you can now most of mad caller can not call and control the senate
#Fairness4Legals #70yrs4greencard #EndDiscriminationBasedOnCountryOfBirth @SIIA_US
Oh please! Immigration law enforcement is not discriminatory. Legal immigrants are welcome. Illegals shouldn't be here.
ThankU!Appreciate it.i'm LEGALSkillsBased Immigration.Already waiting 12+yrs & Still #70yrs4greencard http://Www.Siia.US  @SIIA_US
Also e-verify, Wall and tough enforcement of current laws.
Tell em Tom, this is not a handout
How many people should the USA let in per year?
How about protecting the American taxpayer why should we pay for their school their Medicaid my children we're giving free schooling
Most illegals don't want to be Americans! Leftists want their vote! Eject criminals! End chain migration! We have enough free loaders!
Just don't let them stay,that way works for American workers.
I don't agree, we need to stop adding on to bills. One thing at a time with NO PORK what so ever is the only way to move forward
You've had years you've even had a bill...get to it Senator. Make some sense.
So sick of this rainbow & puppy narrative. It's sad these people had BAD parents, making ILLEGAL decisions, for THEIR kids. Not US problem.
DACA should never have happened. Not acceptable to ignore US law. Disrespectful to every legal immigrant. Hoping for tight, limited bill.
Would prefer complete immediate deportation. They can apply for visa when they return home like every other potential immigrant! No favors!
#EndBirthrightVisas These visas have been corrupted - fraud/graft/corruption/felonies @realDonaldTrump
Include wall, deport criminal illegals, Raise Act, birth right citizenship to citizens parents only, e verify, deport visa overstay
Repubs hate immigrants.
Wrong, hate illegal actions, we can not put foreign nationals before citizens, or illegal immigrants before legal immigrants.
Children were brought here by their parents. Never had any other home or country.
They do, they are citizens of a foreign country were their parents are also citizens of that country.
You love fossil fuels and Jesus and hate people.
What? Love God and all people, use fossil fuels. Also agree with rule of law! Nations have borders!
You think you do. Good luck.
This, same to you, Safe Journey!
No. It's time you realize they and their family's need to become citizens. Time to grow up and realize they are all here.
You are so clueless to ARKANSAS NEEDS!!!! You have never represented ARKANSAS.
The unbearable white nativism of Cotton
Don't codify #Daca we don't owe people a path.  Have the fortitude to stand up to #amnesty
Says the Traitor who collaborated with Iranian mullahs to prevent arms control.
Stopping illegal aliens from disrupting America is required... take a stand
What happened to your immigration plan ?? Did it have to much teeth in it
Yes, pls. American's first, so many ppl are out of work.  We need to deport the criminals... no amnesty!  They are lawbreakers...
Raise Act must be passed
No pata to citizenship for DACA
Lets not forget their children , need to fix birth right citizenship, children of citizens not just born in the USA!
14th amendment needs clarification
Should be properly interpreted

Think it's time to help drain the swamp! Maybe they will start thinking about the ones who voted them in!
You should be working to reform the green card system and protect Americans w/o any compromise on DACA! Are you a coward now?
Why isn't Arkansas workers included
*aren't
You've wrecked your own state. You have no business deciding anything about anyone.
We didn't elect officials to ''codify'' DACA. It should be rejected with the terms it was done illegally from the start.
NO! Are you not listening Senator Cotton? NO to amnesty! No deal - no compromise! Stand up for Americans!
You are already caving. We don't want any amnesty. #NoAmnesty #NoDreamAct
We have to look at private sales of green cards through the EB-5 program. It's just wrong. 
If DACA becomes legal, then zero out refugee quotas for next few years. You'll be giving the Democrats enough voters!
@thehill Don't make DACA enmeshed with full immigration legislation. You know GOP doesn't want DACA to pass! Your condition unacceptable!
Dude you guys are going to cave and pass full amnesty its your thing. You will never carry out the will of your constituents
Wall, border security, deport criminals, including fraud, ID theft, and tax welfare fraud
Yes. let's deport the one's that have committed the most crimes, which would be people who are natural born citizens of the US. @GOP got
you scared about border security? Ridiculously unfounded. Do you that Dreamers pay about 12 billion dollars annually in taxes? They're
teachers and paramedics and students? I'd take a Dreamer any day over any one of you 'citizens' with your smug attitudes.
Yeah okay. I'll take your word for it.
They have to back. So sick of you R's caving to D's! What about ppl that have done it legally? End chain migration. #NoDreamAct #NoAmnesty
Send POTUS a note!
Perhaps it should be.

But, must it be?

I think not.
