@SenTomCotton I am Boycotting CNN I will not watch anything that CNN has there Lying paws on!
Because trump told you so....what a freaking shame. Trump knows you and how easy you are
Another bozo that needs to be voted out.
#resist
your words today, Tom, RE Susan Rice unprofessional. You're a jerk.
Moth to a flame....you love the limelight.
Scapegoating Rice since you've lost credibility with your own constituents. Party over country, business as usual.
Just Naff Off Tom with your Typhoid Mary comment. I expect men, much less Senators, to know better than to use grotesque sexist hate words.
Trump's tax returns now!
Dr Susan Rice to you. Save your NameCalling for your family members!!!!!
Just another deplorable Republican who really doesn't know what he's talking about Re: Susan Rice. What don't you understand Re: her job!
When Trump goes down all of you rats are going down with that ship.....
Susan Rice is "Typhoid Mary" b/c she did her job? Do your job & get to bottom of Trump/Russian connection. Hold a lying Trump accountable.
Tom I will watch you on Fox News or Fox Business,  @jaketapper I can't stand the guy!  Your base is at Fox which I am sure you know!
Why would we care you are the Typhoid Mary no one else your foot is  always   In your mouth you have no credibility
Talking about things he has no idea about
Your comment about Rice was disgusting. As independent u were one of few I looked to for conserv view. Well that over. Please search ur soul
Hell no! You could not pay me to watch "Very" @CNN #fakenews its makes me wonder what kind of person you are going on that #fakenews
So you're another guilty corrupt player in this whole Russian/Trump mob! That's ok, u will fall with the rest.
And will fall Hard
nobody cares what you have to say. You're just another soulless enabler of a dictator. No integrity.
Won't watch CNN. Ever
Russia/Trump collusion? Thoughts?
I wish the entire GOP would boycott the biased #MSM.
A bright honest looking young man, hanging with false news and in a den of thieves. Think man Think!
10 months of FBI investigation, much more done by NSA Rice, and NOTHING all agree NO COLLUSION But keep screaming it's very entertaing #MAGA
It's Jake Crapper!
LIGHT$, CAMERA, ACTION!!! a Talking Head with no end
Your last term Senator. Reality and science denying, treason defending, working-class screwing GOP will be voted out. #resist
Did you fight this hard for Merrick Garland, Senator? If not, you are a coward hiding behind party politics, and unworthy of your seat.
Why do you ignore?

I just saw your show.Wrong! McFaul,Obama’s Russia advisor said THEY met with NO RUSSIANS in transition
No thanks
Bring an interpreter Gomer Pyle.
ur headin into the dark world tom. They will stick it in ur ass.... What are u tryin to plug???????????
But, but, Obama 
You have such a hard on for Obama, #jealousy that you will never be 1/4 of a man of his integrity and intellect #Hillbilly
Speak!!
You say you don't have enough info to know what went on with Rice (no one does) but you feel safe in calling her Typhoid Mary? Hypocrite.
He's a misogynistic ! Typical conservative [fake] "christian"!
May God help you if you go down in history in covering up Russia's involvement w Trump's campaign. Do the right thing.
Keep covering for Trump's treason! When he goes down, ALL of you boot licking GOP traitors go down w/ him! Now THAT is draining the swamp!
So now @realDonaldTrump's distraction of "obama" "wrongdoing" is on the same level as Russian hacking? Party over country?
yes.. The son-in-law of 45 meeting with Russian ambassador. Totally "normal" as is his visit to Iraq 
Sneak Kislyak through the back door of TT?. Kushner met w/Rus bank?
Typical misogynist !
No. Never.
WHY????
The GOP is Now accusing #SusanRice of unveiling incoming Trump officials - They Should Be THANKING her for revealing Flynn's treason.
Get him to answer about covering Susan a Rice spying
I will never turn CNN on again
I will even in NZ I hope u speak ur mind and with integrity. Rise above the swamp Mr. Cotton. U know that road over there, the higher one!
Good luck...
Get ready for this is a nothing burger story about Susan Rice!
Too bad I don't do CNN.
