GREAT JOB  Sen Cotton You make us proud that you are on our side 
@NSAGov @FCC @TSA @FBI @SecretService @CIA @TheJusticeDept @DHSgov keep an @JamesBrienComey @HillaryClinton @AGLynch #FlightRisk
Cotton & Rubio seize the day:: Thank you from Florida; my family is proud of you both. #GodBlessAmerica NowOnToOurAgenda
COMEY TOOK NOTES OF EVERY MEETING WITH TRUMP – FAILED TO RECORD HILLARY’S 3 HOUR INTERROGATION
Did the POTUS ask for your loyalty at dinner? You're a Sellout to your constitutional oath.
Mr. Cotton..all I saw was you throwing America under the bus...dinner with 45 must have been delicious.  Is it really worth it...
Comey already did that!  It's clear who the other leaker was, he didn't just do it one time!
I wondered throughout if you read exactly what the WH gave you as talking points.  A+ job for Potus.  F- job from the People.
Thank you Senator Cotton for holding Comey accountable and exposing his double standards.
Nice job. #JamesComey conveniently selective on note-taking. Wish you asked about lack of notes from the @FBI interview of @HillaryClinton
Hard to understand this guy when he speaks. He's a perfect mix of Norman Bates and Gomer Pyle.  Arkansas you can do better. Much better.
IDK if we can 
SAD!
Sell out. How much advice did you get from trump at your dinner? GOP party over Country. SHame.
Did Coats/Rogers finally answer "NO" to the question behind close doors?  That is an important question to have answered.
The hearing showed how feckless GOP is. All softball. So ashamed not one stood up to Comey! 2018 will not be kind to you or others!
Comey proved he is as smarmy as Clinton!  What a dousche!  I wasn't a strong enough person to say no!  What a load of crap!
It is time you stop aligning yourself with Trump! He is a sinking ship and he will take you down with him!
.Saw it live, Senator.  Even Senator McCain did a more impressive job than you.
lol!!
why no follow up on Crowd strike declaring DNC hack was Russian?  Shameless.
Please provide a detailed accounting w your dinner conversation w Trump. Did you discuss Comey, Russia, loyalty or the hearing?
You are a partisan hack.  Shame on you, that was disgraceful performance today.
Judging by some responses on this feed, your time was better used than I thought. They tend to attack their largest threat.
You were outstanding.
Cotton was less partisan than Cornyn... that floored me. It's telling, and really implies things about Cornyn. McCain is just getting old.
It sure seemed like the RINO Gop establishment was disappointed COMEY had NOTHING scandalous to report about @POTUS. #DrainTheGlobalistSwamp
those where really good leading questions to paint Donald in the best light
Really wish you would have asked why he didn't resign after Lynch told him to shit can the Clinton Investigation
how was dinner with Trump the other night? Did you have burnt steak with ketchup?
Give Pence a shot...he couldn't be any worse
@SenKamalaHarris, watch and learn how to do it.
You clearly are working against the American public.... was the ice cream good or did you have chocolate cake
Did 45 tell you what to ask over dinner the other night? Did you get a chance to kiss his ring?
He never intended to resign .. he was in no doubt thought he duped Trump & was continuing to sabotage & bring POTUS down .. he got Trumped
Positively riveting.  Can't be viewed. . .
you sir, are a wonderful combination of dumb and dumber. You obviously enjoyed the meatloaf! 2 scoops with the beautiful cake?
We get it. Still party over country. Why isn't @GOPSenate outraged & willing  to challenge Trump? Reps would still be in power? Embarrassing
If they let 45 fall they ALL think that after Pence the position of POTUS is theirs. They forget tax payers are watching them!
You did a good job being fair on even handed Sen Cotton
After that little dinner meeting with @POTUS  prior to this hearing, I do hope you are eventually called to testify. Smarmy critter you are.
You did a great job. Please get to the bottom of this so we all know the truth.
Now that Trump is Pres. why haven't you been more persistent regarding the abolishment of the Iran deal?
We did watch. We know you had dinner with trump. Did he tell you what to do? Traitor to US! Party before country! You're disgusting and vile
First part good, and then Confusing.
comey allowed lynch decide outcome of clinton crap. he also lied and if not why not report complicit. leaked gov memoes to pub after fired .
WHY? what you did is a mockery...........Tell me, Senator, Did Trump ask for your loyalty at any time? America deserves to know!
Happy with you Tom, I really wish you would have directed a U.S. Marshall to arrest Comey. Plenty of admitted reasons
Do tell?
Certainly you are not proud of this performance.  The twitter sphere pretty much reamed you.  Probably shouldn't attack a free press.
Has anyone yet asked #FBIComey whether his interactions with @realDonaldTrump showed him to be a political neophyte with certain things?
Outstanding job trying to bring facts and reason to the impossible forefront.
Way to go! Thank you 
Need help patting yourself on the back. That's your job. That's what WE pay you for. Did couple of hours of work and now you are look at me
haha A senior investigator making case notes, at his leisure inconsistently Rrr typically ruled out at trial Insufficient file
Well done Senator.
to bad our leadership had to focus so much on Federal Officers HR issues/loyalty/insubordination instead of America's Future.
It was dissappointing.  People in other states commented on your poorly chosen questions how they were delivered.
Saw it the 1st time. Not impressed.
Senator, did you expect the "can't answer in public" responses?
Let's talk about the HR 10 vote today. Another Repub agenda of screwing Americans by putting bank CEO's salary above America.
We WATCHED you choose your party over your country. You are a DISAPPOINTMENT not only to Arkansas, but to our country.
Hmm.....I don't live in Arkansas....but Senator Cotton seems to be one of the best we got. I'd like to have 5 more like him.
I do live in Arkansas, and I hate to disappoint you, but he is not one of the good guys, and not even close to be being the best.
Nice job, Sir. Thank you for fighting the good fight. We have so much corruption in government. We The People have had enough
@FBI You should watch this and @marcorubio testimony! Impossible to think that the orange man didn't bring this up at dinner!
looks/sounds like dinner w/trump was productive for him. you served your master well. too bad you won't serve Americans just as eagerly.
You were rude, partisan,no opening statement & obviously don't care a hostile foreign power attacked us. Did your dinner w/ Trump affect Q's
Your description of @SenTomCotton was used by many throughout the country
You did your job. Well done.
You need to call for @realDonaldTrump to testify and settle this once and for all.
How was the chocolate cake Tom? Beautiful?
