Why won't you answer me? Am I going to lose my Ins because of pre-existing problems? I have Obamacare
so far the only replacement talk I've heard is them running away and hiding because they're clueless.
wanting elected officials to face constituents and explain the plan rather just empty slogans is communist?
your unwillingness to hold representatives accountable is the exact thing you think I'm wanting to do.
sorry but that is a total and 100% lie. Concerned voters.
The lady had a great point about Trump's tax returns. Don't you care about his interests in Russia?
if the source is teddy stick, you better believe it's true! #teddybearspunk
your constituents are going to vote your ass out in 2018 if you don't get out of lock step with #Trump. 
 @SpringdalePD
6 rapid fire tweets in a row demo that ur an att seeking fruitcake. Ur delusional if you think @SenTomCotton is serving  GH!
Why do you need security at a town hall?  That seems odd.
Those protesters were payed professional anarchist we're behind you & thank you for your service to this Country
Ms.Crabtree I must have hit a nerve with you,you're trolling me Bigly..I know that word will get you all over me again #troll
Please Ms.Crabtree ,I refer to you and your Ilk aspiring to a failed ideology of #Communism it's never worked! total #Idiocy!

lol your classy.
thank you :)
It was a sham of a townhall meeting.  Where did they bus these fanatics in from?
from Arkansas, the state he represents.
@SpringdalePDpleaserequireeveryonethatenterseachmeetingtoshowPictureIDthatprovestheyliveintheCounty&Districtyouare speakingin.
Tom, have you ever wondered WHY U need security? If U worked for the ppl&not the party you'd be fine.
Require IDs to ensure only legitimate constituents attend town halls.
he did. They were checked. People replied to you about this 3 times. Why don't you get it?
security for the pussy grabber supporter, huh?
Who's going to keep America safe from Trump's Russia ties, crooked business deals, mob ties, fraud, contract breaches, sexism
You definitely needed the security presence.
Nobody was in any danger.  The only danger was to your idiotic philosophy.  Show some respect to the voters.
Tom Cotton is a poster child for special interests. You literally can control his mouth by $s.
Implying your constituents are out to get you. It's the opposite. Shame. Sad.
Don't project your anger at people who don't like you painting them as dangerous.
even I felt the Bern!
good job on CBS this morning!
dude those nasty dems, don't let them scare you! They've been bullying us for years. Nasty blue shirts.
donors include koch, Goldman sachs, Murphy oil and others. He doesnt work for us he works for them. We need someone better

As angry Arkansans shout down @SenTomCotton at town hall, @FoxNews moves venue from Bentonville to Springdale
http://fox6now.com/2017/02/22/7-year-old-to-sen-tom-cotton-who-faced-angry-crowd-at-town-hall-dont-take-away-pbs-to-build-wall/ … 
That's the best you can say after all the important questions posed last night? What a coward way to evade.
Senator, the only thing we have to fear are your politics. Don't appreciate the innuendo that your constituents
were somehow dangerous. You made us angry, deal with it. Do your job! What you have to fear, are our votes.
Glad they got you out of the arts center safely after Toby's question! Hope you found your safe space!
I have been in your home in LR AR when your mother Mary, was a RA. She was a Christian lady and would be ashamed of you now.
Way to avoid answering important questions, it's so admirable. #PresidentBannon is appreciative of your loyalty.
You mean YOUR safety, don't you, boy?  #americanfascist
ONLY THING THAT COULD BE EXPECTED FROM THAT PART OF STATE
You know what might ensure the safety of your position? INVESTIGATE TRUMP'S POSSIBLE TREASON. #RESIST
as an elected representative, you had to get police protection for you to speak to your constituents?
you should also thank @Springdale_Fire for putting out that dumpster fire you left at the PAC.
next town hall meeting tell those libiral jerks to kiss your 
keep up the great work. build that wall! The media is our enemy though. Don't be so politically correct.
Sorry I didn't make it to the meeting young Sir, you have my total support, ignore the radical losers..
watching you get roasted by that woman about health ins was fuckin' great. More of that.
You are the only threat to your constituents' safety. Repealing and gutting the ACA will put millions in harms way.
this is actually a nice post on your part. If you could stop bending to Trump, AR would stand with you.
What kind of insurance do you have?
Safety from your constituents? These were moms, elderly people and youth of your district.
Uh, someone doesn't know what constituents means. @SenTomCotton
why man.  Why.  You will be thrown out
Be safe. Crazy times.
bad that you only represent your party plus Koch plus NRA. Some moderates still in Arkansas
did you vote for Cotton, Gary?
Could you have looked more wussiewhat a punk you are.
Did you  listen to people's concerns? Or were you only interested in your safety? What about their healthcare?
stand strong, many of these were paid protestors. You have faced much worse
Tom, I need u to tell these people that r saying they were paid protestors, that they were not. U know the truth
Townhall? I thought it was a Roast? Cause dude, your constituents ripped you a new one.
in what way?
DO YOUR JOB! DO YOUR JOB! DO YOUR JOB! DO YOUR JOB! DO YOUR JOB!
you did a great job trying to respond to a disrespectful mob mentality bunch last night. Keep up the good work #MAGA
Get over yourself, your constituents are not criminals
what about your support of Sessions  Flynn DeVos What happened Puzder & Harwood .A politician now nothing else
. Stand tall fellow VETERAN, AMERICA 1ST.
God bless you Tom.Keep up the good work. We know the protesters don't have a clue of how brainwashed they are
especially since since it was full of vengeful angry democrat supporters keep fighting against violent minority
the anger you saw is from independents. Americans have awakened and won't be silent. #MAGA #TheResistance
@ScottHastings @SpringdalePD that's all you learned and are thankful for...GOP watch for action and truth!
Where you scared Lil momma?
Still looking for a safe space? You seemed really nervous and not so cocky dealing with your constituents. Do better by them.
YOU NEED TO GET VOTED OUT!
Although I did not love your answers, I appreciate your courage and your demeanor throughout the meeting! Thanks
don't listen to the negativity, you do a good job. Proud of you
Tom please get another job.
As a friendly neighbor from La and fellow veteran, I stand by you. Never think ur alone in this fight.
What fight? This moron needs to do his job? Is that the "fight"?
what is sad is that you had to have security at all?  Stand by President Trump!!!
those UofA  professors sure spent many days practicing the cackling and ignorant saying. Why are they so vulgar?
cowards
and u got fired
Coward!!!
in what way?
good thing they were there to protect you from that violent 7 year old.
