Read more & whine less: https://www.americanbar.org/publications/insights_on_law_andsociety/14/spring-2014/who-is-responsible-for-u-s--immigration-policy-.html … The Executive Branch implements the INA thru 8CFR & EOIR adjudicates cases & controversies.
Do count your chickens before they hatch...
You're relying on a fool. Which makes you a fool.
If not for spell check you could not spell racist, first word out of ignorant people
Stop trying to undermine the Meuller investigation! You have prior history of partisan crap!
I would tune in but God has only given me so many breaths in this life and I want to make every one of them count.
Tom, please don't go on that show. Folks need to hold them accountable for their biased and unfair coverage of the President.
The unbearable whiteness of Cotton
Republicans are disgraced by Trump and revealed to be hypocrites and liars.
Tom Cotton represents me-most Arkansans I know believe it's time for congress to do their job and commit to a positive outcome for DACA kids
Why?
Really????
Why would you lower yourself to appear on MSNBC , Tom?
Tom Cotton is, in fact, the devil. If you want to see the face of evil, this is it.
@rushlimbaugh why do you guys put yourself thru these idiots interviews??
Just remember these racist Democrats are just following Obama's plan to divide the nation.We are tired of feeding em that's why we hired you
Saw your cold, arrogant and unchristian self talk. How do you sleep at night?
Why go on with those POS?
WHEN DO OUR DREAMERS come FIRST???? Putting ILLEGALS & IMMIGRANTS AHEAD of U.S. citizens is getting OUT OF HAND!
I'll pass
So glad I missed. Too many of you around.
If you can get their attention, fine. Otherwise, they are a waste of time. Hope you can get your message out.
No thanks. I want my breakfast to stay on my stomach
"You may say that I'm a 'dreamer' but I'm not the only one"
Tom Cotton is doing just what I hired him to doThese libtard bitches are purposless.He is helping make America great again @realDonaldTrump
So sad.  Ain't watching the Trump hater liberals.
Sorry, I've never watched that dishonest and unAmerican show and never will. Let me know when you're on Fox or OAN or NewsMax
Why go there?
Sen. Tom, be careful.  When you are walking in a pig pen, you might get stuff on your feet & watch your back  #FakeNews #fakemorningjoe.
Impeach cotton, useless
You'll raise the shows avg IQ 20 points
Sorry Tom, can't watch that show, good luck.
Parent steals car, not caught for long time, does the child riding in car get to keep the car? #DACA
Why??
Not many fans on this thread Tom.... better step up and get behind our president
Do your best to support our president,  instead of run from him as GOP usually does #MAGA
WHY? You'd getting a better audience appearing on Sesame Street!
It was nice to see Mika and Joe behave. Well done Senator!
White supremacist.
WHY?? There isn't a more 2 faced politico. I hope you don't gush and do support potus
Why Tom, why?
WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO WITH THIS KIDS FROM DACA??????
On CBS this morning and would not say would he would do a double talker.
.  @Morning_Joe makes me sick, I don't want to feel ill for the rest of the day. #allergic2bs
Why the hell...?
I wish I could stomach it, but Destroy him!
No thank you! @sendavidperdue and you bring shame on America.  Your Raise Act is not supported by demographics and will economically ruin US
You may need to take a shower after that
The coward @SenTomCotton will fix DACA, look at the body language of this so called leader, when he said he would fix healthcare #coward
Tom Cotton is another reason never to vote @gop again.
You are a part of the problem. Nobody but the worst of society likes you. You and your ilk will be voted out.
Love u but a fan of morning joe
Wow, that was heartless, ahistorical and terrible. You are a bad person.
We the People love your no nonsense approach to Governing. If we only had more like you America would be better off. Stay out of the swamp!
While you're enjoying morning Joe , I'll be having injections put into my spine this morning again .

Sorry Senator.  I like you but I can't watch that program.  His show is about hate and obstructionism.

The President is trying to resurrect a national immigration policy defined by racial engineering. http://nyer.cm/LgqCk2m 
Saw u on tv you are a truly bad person listening to all you said you are weak and not good senator
In that case I will not longer follow
Why? Please tweet summary afterward...nobody will watch. Sorry. #Fact
Just make government work again!  Stop pivoting to your comments about Obama - just do your job.  You work for us.
What you going to spin today?
Wow thanks I will be tuning out!
Can't do it, you'll be asked 10 times to criticize and humiliate out POTUS by this man....
Listening to him carrying Trump's water was pretty depressing. He can join the 20% happy with the DACA decision.
Pathetic performance @SenTomCotton on @Morning_Joe "Sessions can't defend DACA constitutionality in court," YET HES PROSECUTING LAUGHTER! U
The morning schmuck?  Why?
That should be interesting.
Sorry to hear it.
Please work on DACA without tying to other issues.  We need to start working together one thing at a time.
Love the work u are doing but cannot put that show on if my life depended on it.
As long as you can be free and make better life for family, illegal immigrants will ALWAYS try to get to America to come up!
You had to start interview with with words "Obama" and "illegal" You just don't get it. Divider. There will be no coming together. Too bad.
Jerk
How can you in good conscience say it's your intention to deny family unification out loud? So unAmerican so not what America  stood for.
What's best for the country > family reunification.
Good segment. RAISE Act does nothing to protect DACA recipients as you have written it. Got it.
Yea, I guess it's good he's making it clear what an immoral and terrible person he is.
Tuning out until you leave
Sorry about your luck.
Go have a nice time racist
Let our children be the judges of our actions. Let our actions be the path to our dignity...
I'm sure you'll spew a bunch of gibberish as usual
Why?
Since AR & states like it have the least number of dreamers living there, they shouldn't have any say on what happens to DACA.
Doesnt Little Rock have aconsulate? @alexis_equita What is your opinion of Sessions prosecuting laughter? @SenTomCotton @Morning_Joe
You, Cotton, are part of the problem.
WeThePeople need to shed the U.S. Congress of Party-First reps/sens like you. People First.
So you WILL work w/ Dems on DACA, but, umm...NOT REALLY.   No wonder we're in the shape we're in as a country w/ ppl like you in office.
#EndDACA.
TC is part of the problem. So impressed with himself. Will work w/dems on his terms only, no regard for what voters want. #countryoverparty
Common sense discussion with Sen. Cotton.
Thank you @SenTomCotton for always looking out for all of us 
President Obama's executive order for DACA is not illegal. So you need to stop with that lie. It's no more illegal then any of trumps
Cotton is not in line with American values. Scapegoats immigrants to score political points. Typical.
if Congress has acted when Obama first signed #DACA, you wouldn't have this problem
Cotton is another GOP dementor--sucking the joy and soul out of everything and everyone
Please don't lump us in with the GOP. We're evil, but we still have some standards.
I wish your ancestors had never come here. You are cold and mean.
Please #ProtectDREAMers for the love of God and humanity
How about American Dreams We are a nation of laws DACA is unconstitutional America First 
That was some double speak. Can't solve the dreamers in another bill. It can solve it your bigoted RAISE act? Please
Your true colors ... and aversion to color is showing.
Thank you for the heads up, would not watch otherwise!
This 
Punch @JoeNBC in the throat for me. #MAGA
No thank you!  You are waaaaaaay out of touch with what Americans want.  Being a Trump surrogate doesn't help either!
No he won't, he'll be luck to finish this term. Deal with it!
Bring your boots...they're talking serious sh*t today
. Thanks for the warning in time to change the station.
Another disgraceful arrogant evil republican!
This fool defending Session's "he can't argue it in court" yet Jeff prosecutes laughter @Everett30703625 @SenTomCotton is @Morning_Joe
Ah. No. To watch u lie to the American ppl as normal. No! I'll wait for abt 20 minutes. U R pathetic!
Its not principles you lack, its your principles that suck.
Oh Tom- I hate you are my Senator. You about cost me my healthcare. Can't wait to vote against you. About to change channel- can't stand ya!
Sessions literally prosecuting laughter @SenTomCotton looksstupid defending DACA constitutionality @julielovercheck @Morning_Joe @codepink
Senator, why don't you fight on Russia probe as hard as you did over some HRC emails?
Is Cotton selling his vote today?
IDK, will he pull his head outta Trump's arse?

Lol that a good thing? Sure the 3 people that watch will see u
Can you ask that  what really happened to that young intern that died in his office. Thanks
Don't watch this show. It is nothing but a  liberal MSM terrorist blog. Sorry. I actually like @SenTomCotton
It's a terrorist blog? How?
Ex GOP here, because of you and POTUS. There's a lot of us! I was GOP over 40 yrs. GOP is aiding an idiot! By the way, I'm independent now
Try not to laugh at @Morning_Joe perm.

Sorry, voting you out asap.
Lol - I'm so sure you live in AR. Cotton should be criticized for waisting time on another CIA propaganda venue. You are but a tool.
Hope you practiced all your lying!
Barf.
Not tuning into that circus! I #StandWithTrump
Why would I do that ?
Why would you want to be part of that circus show, Mr. Cotton?
He's already part of the circus show called The GOP 
Just turned to morning Joe who discusts me with his girlfriend. Only waiting for you Tom and then I'm off of that program of hate
Yuk, good luck, a little leven poisons the loaf, I heard you on Ingraham and she was not too happy with the amsswers you gave, friendly aud?
I am not interested in anything that you have to say Senator. Unfortunately you are a right winger lacking empathy.
Amen the son of a b**** is just like Trumpsky goddamn Nazi white supremacist
Sorry I don't watched MSLSD.
Sorry can't give that POS any ratings
Stay safe Senator...
He was on with #Graham and she pressed him on #DACA, going to a,friendly audience
