@bbusa617 Thank you for your service Tom and not backing down to Fake Tears Schumer. #MAGA

Dont burn bridges man. That  phone call last Sunday will help the Syrian refugees. #MAGA
@NightShiftNews  @bbusa617
Lets look at the big picture here Terry.  Stringent vetting is crucial when Isis is in 31 countries.
stringent vetting ok/ arbitrary bans illegal. No eminent security threat triggered this
This is who the above poster at the Holocaust museum is directed at. #UCBerkleyriot #Milo #MAGA #MAGA3X
Shameful mockery of annihilation of millions because of their ethnicity by Hitler! Never go back!
thank you sir!!!!
TRANSLATION: "Today I urged my colleagues to enrich ourselves at the expense of the environment as if there was no tomorrow."
This is absolutely the same craziest Narrative that George Soros PAID people to say & Clinton Team made up
You did, and now Trump has conspired with Puting to give Russia $500 billion and they can invade a NATO ally. #Traitor
Great, you voted for the RUSSIAN candidate
Great move. We need to be the U.S. of Exxon!  No conflicts of interests either.  bahahahah
I want you to make our Voices heard Today: "VOTERS want Cabinet Confirmed TODAY" Please tell Anti-Trump Congress & Senate
@sakotheAmerican No...do not support...
all so Trump can make more money. Sell out your country to foreign powers? You all hang for that, traitors. #GOPNazi
Thank you, Senator Cotton!
you are right, I think he will be very good, so are those who show independance thinking from Pres.Trump.
I have an innate sense that tells me instantly who will be good and who won't I watched all the confirmation hearings, and...2
nice job.
how the he'll are supposed to do better with Rex at the helm? You're a traitor to democracy and have stained your honor

Urge Mr Tillerson to sack the thousand dissenters who signed the letter of dissent.
why are you scared of your constituents? #dbap
The World has to be laughing at an "energizer" President with a "do nothing" Congress.  Really embarassing.
Hey Tom, in case you missed it, your constituents have been trying to meet w/ your staff but they aren't up for it.What's up?
Big Oil Exec as Secretary of  State? trumps joke about having another chance at Iraq to get all the oil. Nothing to see here
this is predictable rank & file politics. Do what your told regardless of who will be at the helm. Cabinet is so wheels off!
Thank u for representing the ppl of AR well! We will remember! Stand firm & strong!
Rex is the reason for Climate Change. Do not confirm him!
Thank you! The American people need a complete government ASAP!
agree
Apparently you are not concerned with being re-elected #notmypresidents #impeachtrump
I now believe you have no interest for what is best for Arkansas, but what will further your career in the Republican Party.
Thank you!
enjoy your bribe money
Thank you Sen. Cotton! Also thank you for serving our country with honor. And for standing up to Schumer, we loved it!
You haven't questioned a single Cabinet nomination. Really? Even DeVos? All Party before Country all the time. Sad.
How could you? Another vote party line?
You blocked an Obama nominee until she died of cancer. For a personal vendetta. Reap what you sow.
Big mistake..Exxon and US foreign policy are not compatible.
#Proud Arkansan I am
If twitter is of any indication you're not doing this right. Hold a town hall to meet with your constituents and hear from us.
История не будет добр к вам
Thank u Sen Cotton!
GOOD SUPPORT!!!!!
, so how do you gettue other side to so thier job? This is getting  old, America needs to get going.
The Democrats have been grandstanding for two days, Did they forget how to vote?
He blocked a woman til she died to spite Obama. We have all the time in the world.
I can just imagine the discussion on Russia. BTW- How's that investigation on Russia going?
Your children are going to see this shit one day. How embarrassing. #sentomcotton #spineless
You should be ashamed for putting blind party loyalty ahead of your country!  I am embarrassed for you, Sir.
You don't speak for Arkansas anymore. Answer us!
i'm sure Putin appreciates your help.
Why?! Serious question
thank you Senator Cotton!
your staff has been videoed saying there are threats to you therefore you will not see citizens. True?
Voting the party line.  Disgraceful.  You and the other Republicans are selling the country's soul to Satan. We will remember.
y do you look like u lost your kids in a rough custody battle all the time?
Thank you Senator
Thank you, Senator.   Your wisdom is very much needed to get these Dems working - More work, less grandstanding!
Not a fan of clean air and water then? How much will your portfolio increase with that one?
nice speech, the dems need to stop doing this cuz of personal reasons and represent the American people like their job is
Gross and unAmerican.
what's gross and unAmerican?
>>> @SenTomCotton <<<
Tom Cotton risked his life for this country, would you?
And now he's risking USians' lives with his politics. Also: Your question is irrelevant.
How so? Is that relevant?
By supporting an oil executive whose top priority is his and his boss's pockets.... and who's that boss? We don't know.
and you know this as fact?
You're a good man Sen Cotton! Keep up the Great Work! 
If you recommend it, then it must be wrong.
