good luck with the Soros sponsored rioters I mean protesters
Where does one sign up to be a paid protester? Is there a website? Who screens them beforehand?
n you believe everything thing bad about the right get ur head out of Obamas ass n pay attention
I'm asking questions. You're getting mad. See the difference?
ur askin sarcastic questions u cant get memad dont know u so dont act like it wasa legitimate question 1st answer was
It's not meant to be sarcastic. Is there a website to register? Interview process? Who is the contact?
contact the super pacs Craigslist had ads creamer was in front row of Obamas farewell speech he org the protest
Got a link? Are ads posted to protest at recent/current townhalls? They bus the same folks all over the USA?
be careful since OFA and Soros funded paid protestors will be bused in to harass you
Where does a protestor go to get paid? Who/where are these paid jobs advertised? Who screens them?
on how radical you're willing to be
You got links to show how so many in UT and FL organized, through who, and how AR folk can get hired?
tried pasting a link from a paid protestor but it won't copy. That protestor found the ad on craigslist
yes the organizers involved like Soros has unlimited funds research him.He has done the same thing
Instead of accusing a person, show us how/where these folks get hired.
Watch out for the paid community organizers!!!
Who hires them? Where are they organized from/at? Where are they screened?
Do your homework
I've tried, and I can't find them. Since you seem to know more, I thought to ask you. No one knows.
No one in this thread has provided info. And I've asked many.
Paul Sperry has written about it.
He lists the advertising that attracts the paid protesters? Where are these ads?
Let me know when you find them, comer mierda
this will not further your career which is the only thing on your mind
Your base is in these little towns so there won't be too much opposition. I dare you to come to Little Rock or Central AR...
His base definitely isn't in NWA. NWA is quite liberal. Love this part of the State.
This is not a liberal part of the state. Has voted Red for state & presidential elections for many years!
Interesting that you won't come to metropolitan/urban AR... not really interested in what "we" have to say. Imagine that!
The location of your event no longer says Jones Center. Where has it been moved?
Oh, you'll see me, to be sure! 
Get ready for idiot paid protesters. Arrest the lot of them.
How can I apply to be a paid protester? Bc a group of fellow teachers and I were going to be "idiots" for free!
You have some local Radio Guy (who wants a #coupdetat) planning to come, go nuts & get #arrested #PublicityStunt?  @SenTomCotton
is the event still at Jones center? I already took some vacation time from work to get there. Just heard it moved but where?
So you don't want to hear from those folks who go to church on Wednesday (a traditional church night). That's abt speed 4 U
not sure town halls meeting are good idea anymore, good chance for the liberal loons to come out & attack loving patriots 
aww come out of your safe space, we'll be gentle with him. We liberal loons intend to keep this country free.
Yes free to firmly embrace the 2nd Amendment! #ItsWhyWeDontNeedSafeSpaces  @smokinleather @OrourkeSandra @SenTomCotton
what about flynn
the fact that people in this thread actually believe that angry constituents are being paid to protest, is baffling.
they need to readjust their tin foil hats.
Thank you for agreeing to meet. I hope you are sincere about meeting, and more importantly, listening & responding thru action
I just heard the venue and possibly the date had been changed -could you or your staff please provide clarification? Thanks
@JohnBoozman thank you
Thank you for your time. See you there.
I heard that you canceled...feeling a little nervous? You should be. You will be voted out of office soon as possible.
American citizens with genuine concerns are getting sick & tired of having their worries dismissed w/ "Oh! They're being PAID"
,Haha,No one needs 2 pay us 2 speak & 2 protest.
Unlike trump,who ACTUALLY paid supporters {&paying tonight} 2 show @ his rally
why are some people being informed that the town hall venue has changed?  Where will it be now?!
You do not represent Arkansas, why come and pretend to listen.   The only person you listen to is trump
the right still believes that free speech is illegal in this country.  Are they really Americans?
Wear your big boy pants, it may get rough.
watch out for paid hecklers. Good luck
Where does one sign up to be a paid protester? Who screens/interviews them? Are these jobs advertised?
they advertise in large market newspapers around country and most are paid for indirectly by #GeorgeSoros
Copies/links to any/all these nationwide ads? Contact info? How r FL, UT, and AR protesters getting hired?
if you stop watching CNN and start watching @FoxNews @FoxBusiness they have put up on screen many ads  for protesters
Seems counter-productive to post them on Fox. Why wouldn't they advertise on CNN? Target audience, right?
looking forward to asking you why you voted to confirm DeVos even though a majority of your constituents asked you not to 
what factual evidence do you have to claim that a MAJORITY were against?
I doubt his voicemail was full of people telling him to vote yes.  There were, however, plenty of people writing, emailing
Meeting has been moved to a larger venue!  NWA has voted predominantly Republican for years! should be friendly Except outside
Word from the Jones Center is that you've cancelled.
The right. You still believe liberals are paid to protest.  see a Dr about the malfunctions in your mind
Tom is free to hire his own right wing nut job protestors.he has plenty of Koch $$ to pay.i bet westboro baptist is available
paid protesting is Trump's plan for job creation. Going to grow jobs Bigly.
Do I have to buy a ticket?
Hope you are prepared for the screaming thugs that will show up!  Extreme vetting needed.
Are you actually going to be there, or are you going to tuck tail and hide like you did in your office from your constituents?
Come to Hot Springs we would love to have you
when will you be in Little Rock?
oh we will see you alright "Do Your Job" get ready to answer the question!!
nobody ever comes to Jonesboro
Good Luck !  Pray the left won't show up .
Any thoughts on POTUS Vladimir Trump?
I hope you stand up for Arkansans and END transgender bathrooms. Stop this now @foxnewspolitics @foxandfriends
I'll be there. You better have answers about Trump and Russia
Great! You get to hear from people other than pants-shittng Republicans. #ACA, #DAPL, #TrumpRussia are all on my list.
Sorry, I will not be able to make the Town Hall; I will be in sunny Florida...keep up the good work. God Speed
get ready for an ear full
#TheResistance will see you there sir
Democrats will have paid trolls there
Sen. Cotton, members of Sen. Intelligence Committee have issued statements on Flynn/Russia investigation. Your thoughts?
Great! Now could you please have one somewhere in central AR too? Little Rock? Searcy? Conway?
OK Arkansas Ds here's your chance, this guy is anti Medicare, Medicaid and Health insurance#Givehimhell!
You are a man of integrity and truly fight what is right Town halls are obsolete. Use tech.
Any ground rules for questions?
Hope they BOOO you off the stage.
You are going to see payed agitators. Sad!
