Contradiction: "focus less on needs of special interests"/"only allow immigrants based on merit, higher skills." Special interests=Skills!
Not to mention this will help fill the doctor shortage that will only  get worse due to OCare. They'll need good English to treat patients.

Narrow-mindedness will only get you as far as Nowhere, and once you're there, you are lost forever.
Most of immigrant who came through chain immigrantion are doctors and good business mens near me so don't say lie
In which case, they would likely be unaffected by the bill.
but if they want to bring their parents, now they cant! So they are affected!
Not right now
most of the jobs held by immigrants are not "appealing" to Americans! This will hurt our economy
Like H1Bs in IT jobs? Or like multiple part time staffers in DNC positions making $160k/year?
i did not see any evidence on DNC staffers being recruited as part of h1b and making 160?! Source?
Not necessarily part of H1B. But my mistake, "immigration status unclear": https://www.congress.gov/congressional-record/2017/3/7/house-section/article/H1589-1 …
Businesses that traditionally hire immigrants should comply with safety & health regulations so Americans aren't harmed. #UNIONS
Appreciate your efforts, but until businesses are willing to cut into their profit shares, they won't pay Americans a living wage.
Well if you want to sell reasonable people on it - shut Stevie Miller up. He has no place in any realm of governing!  Of course trump either
I found Steve Miller quite a straight shooter. Refreshing change from all the political double-speak.
The #RacistAct will fail
Bigot
With this ridiculous bill, you effectively shut down the construction, agriculture, tourism and hospitality industries.
The statue's "stream of light shall pierce the darkness of ignorance and man's oppression until Liberty enlightens the world".
#COTTON #senat #Arkansas
Pls focus on health care and do the hard work of taking on the lobbyists. #SinglePayer
When have you repubs ever been focused on the needs of working families?  Like NEVER!
Yeah whatever Tom, you're full of it just like your Dear Leader!
Do you have any clue who works at poultry processing plants?
Trying to distract us from issues like colluding with Russia, Trump's constant lies, chaos in white house, MEAN trumpcare, etc.
He should be ashamed, but isn't. We need to make sure he is NOT re-elected. This is the only thing that will help. #VOTETHEMOUT!
We love this bill!! Now if ALL Republicans can act like they appreciate winning & its because of TRUMP, support this bill 100%! We want this
Thank you so much for putting forward a great proposal.  Fully supportive!  Hope enough others in Congress will pass this!
You call yourself a Christian ??? Shame on you
stop aging isreali boots. Care about American remember America American??
shame on you.   You on the payroll of APAC . Do you even care about American
The RAISE Act, won't pass
Great Job Today Tom! The whole Country is Winning under this President and you are doing a great job enabling him to get it done.
The RAISE ACT is being revised tomorrow, I understand.  As long as someone speaks Oligarchy they go to the front of the line.
My family and I support your efforts towards getting this legislation passed Mr. Cotton.
Bless you!  Thank you for your leadership, donation coming your way.
You know for once we kind of agree on something, now back to donalds taxes

This doesn't even make sense. Dog whistle politics. Throwing in words like "working families" to disguise your bigotry.
Everybody is a bigot, racist, homophobic, etc.  Whatever.
Anything you are involved in should never be passed.
How is importing HIGHER PAID Immigrants ..Helping Working Families When they might rather have their Aunt Or Uncle join them?
This is a great bill that at the least will flush out even more bad Republicans that we can primary. Will hurt any Cand whoopposes in 18.
RAISE-IST
Sounds like a RACIST act to me
Thank you so much for thinking of the American people!!! Merit based immigration is what America has needed for a long time!!
RUSSIA NEVER HACKED THE DNC OR THE ELECTION!OBAMA HAD HIS TEAM MAKE THE FALSE REPORT!BRENNAN,COMEY,CLAPPER&ROGERS ALL WENT ALONG WITH LIE!
YOU KNOW SETH RICH WAS THE DNC LEAKER&MURDERED 4 IT JUST BY THE WAY THE MEDIA CAME OUT YESTERDAY LIKE CRAZY &TRIED TO DEBUNK IT!
WIKILEAKS CONFIRMED SETH RICH WAS THE DNC LEAKER NOT RUSSIA!WASSERMAN SCHULTZ&PODESTA ORDERED THE AWAN BROTHERS TO MURDER SETH RICH!
Who is going to pluck those Arkansas turkeys and chickens? Boozman and Womack?
The RACIST Act focuses on the fears & ignorance of racist white men. The RACIST ACT WILL > develop a system that focuses on racism and hate.
Tom Cotton is a stain on America's underwear.  You ought to be in jail.
HOW IS DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ,JOHN PODESTA&AWAN BROTHERS NOT IN PRISON 4 MURDERING SETH RICH 4 LEAKING PODESTAS DNC EMAILS&BLAMING RUSSIA!
Congratulations #MAGA and #MASA FOR OUR GREAT AMERICA
Yeah uh huh.....all of you Rethuglicans lie, especially those from the South.  Hopefully, the voters of Arkansas will wake up.....
What a racist xenophobic liar. Conservative CATO knows what's up: https://www.cato.org/blog/sens-cotton-perdues-bill-cut-legal-immigration-wont-work-isnt-effective-bargaining-chip … Arkansas can do better. #racist #resign
Or it's just the National Origins Act with a new face.
The Raise Act is beyond brilliant, Senator Cotton!
This is terrible.
Why "terrible"? Do U HATE Americans? Do u want them 2 keep suffering w no jobs, low wages? Why do u hate America?
Fully Support. Thank you Senator
Would like to Interview you for our Radio station based in Washington D.C. to discuss this ! @rohitns
#MAGA
#AmericaFirst 
This is nationalism and anti-American. How did your views develop? How did your compassion wither?
How is nationalism anti-American?
Suggest to add to bill Theodore Roosevelt's "good faith and sole  loyalty" admonishment and requirement to all would be new citizens
This had little chance of passing, thank goodness. It's failure is assured after having that repugnant Steven Miller try to sell it.
LOL.R u serious?This polls very high w Americans sick & tired of low wages, no jobs etc. It WILL PASS or opposing lawmakers will b history
Finally Americans can go back to work & get paid what they deserve instead of letting the illegals take jobs away for pennies on the dollar
No fancy acronyms or amount of clever rephrasing is going to spin this bullshit into gold. I will take great pleasure in voting against you.
This will BENEFIT LEGAL IMMIGRANTS who r already here & MINORITIES who now can't get jobs. Do U HATE immigrants & minorities?!
And what about all the jobs our kids are supposed to be doing to develop? Mowing yards ,Washing dishes ,Const labor etc
How will more importing Muslims help the needs of working families?


Tom, like the picture of your house in the profile. The Arkansasians must be jealous of such opulence?  Better than WhiteHouse apparently.
Thank you Sir. Please make sure it gets tabled in both chambers of house soon and passes !!! 
@SenTomCotton putting forth legislation stating that preference is given to legal immigrates speaking English? Read Lady Liberties scroll
It's a 50 year old system that needs to be updated!
As a dem I'm not automatically against it, but explain, help understand, keep within constitution like your guns.
The rich white men are terrified that they might no longer control everything. They are afraid of change, diversity, etc. UNAMERICAN!
PS. you were a disgusting partisan sell out in the hearings. I found these, you might want to put them back in...traitor!
UnConstitutional.

I'm all for this! It makes perfect sense great job.
It will crate job shortages and create problems for small business
My grandparents came here, had to have US sponsor, job & there were no federal-funded ESL classes, they taught themselves English.
Thank You
