@TomCottonAR @BetsyDeVos you sold your vote and betrayed our future generations for $2600. Pathetic, you should be ashamed.
Nice vote, Tom. Now I'll work to keep you from getting votes in my state. What a coward!
Pretty much any random person better than *decades* of inner-city nightmare schools. Pity so many fighting for the status quo.
That's what people think these days. "We need an outsider." Funny that the outsiders are always mega-rich!....
Why are you actively trying to destroy education?  What does your mother have to say about this?
I'm sure the 26K helped you see things her way too.  #sellout
I see the low educated union sympathetic folk are clueless classless leftist liberal elites
And isn't "leftist liberal" oxymoronic?
please tell us how many calls and emails you got asking you to vote against DeVos, and how many you got in support. #arpx
PLEASE!
This women is not fit to advise any president
Disappointed, but hope Ms. DeVos leads our country toward more developmentally appropriate policies.
How much money did it take to buy your vote, Senator?
26K
your vote for her was cheap, it only cost her $2,500
thanks for sharing this statement. Do you see any truth to claims that DeVos will attempt to reallocate public school funds?

Do you think we really believe you?  Your political ambition over what is right will be your downfall.
did this conversation also include the $2600 her family gave you?
How much of the $200 million her family contributed to the GOP did you get? Shame on you. Enjoy your only term.
Only 26K
Did her contributions to your campaign influence your decision? Your constituents deserve a statement to that
@LDiamond39 thank you Senator Cotton, Betsy DeVos will be a excellent Secretary of Education, a win for the children
You were bought and paid for. #Resist
state of Ark will remember this vote and come next election, u can kiss ur seat goodbye #SENATORSFORSALE
such a slap in the face for every Teacher and Para in the public school system!
Is it in crayon? Did you include all the zeroes that were on your check?
like who cares what you have to say
support bill to abolish  of Dept of Education
so you have no problem with losing American school standards and risking states falling behind others? I do not understand...
You're weak.
My wife,sister and niece work for different school districts. None wanted Devos. Nor did anyone they work with.
You should apologize for not listening to your constituents. I guess the wallet is more important isn't it
Thank you for voting to auction off each kid to the highest bidder
keep towing that party line senator turncoat
deep appreciation?!? She has not attended one. Nor have her kids. Degree in ed? Nope! Lots of money and religion BINGO
Bad move. You continue to disappoint
You should be ashamed
who's running against him? Do the Dems have anyone ready to campaign their asses off?
so disappointed in you & @JohnBoozman. Maybe visit some poor areas of the state to see why public ed is so important
NOT what you told me in the letter you sent to me.  Arkansas needs 2 #StopPickinCotton
@4029news What a shame that the constituent most disappointed by your vote is probably your mom, former public school teacher!

I think we've heard enough from yet another rich white man who could give a shit about public education. #SHAME #DeVosvote
DeVos is what happens when an open checkbook is more important than knowledge and experience.
Disappointed.
even third world countries dont shyt on their own kids.  #cottonforsale #cashncarrywhitehouse your mother is ashamed of u.
I seriously will make a point to campaign against you after that vote. Shame on you
shame on you  for voting her in
, I am  a retired teach, but a voter. I am embarrassed for you, & appalled that you consider Mrs. DeVos qualified.
shameful and ridiculous and obviously trumped up. She is not supportive of public education.
You are so right about Betsy DeVos, she will be a great team member. Hopefully she'll make vouchers available Nationally.
I heard that Besty paid over $25,000 for your vote. Guess you never met with your constituents who wanted you to vote no.
Those thousands of $ she gave you paid off. Be ashamed, if you're capable.
You should be ashamed of yourself Tom Cotton. Putting party over our school children.
Why bother with statements when we know you're just a waterboy for @POTUS? @BetsyDeVos is a terrible choice and you're a joke,
do you REALLY believe she is the BEST or are you too spineless to stand up?Future vote lost.  2020 can't come soon enough.
Her "deep appreciation for the value of public schools" is contradicted by the public record. You've sold out the kids. #DeVos
you were bought and paid for, so drop the bullshit Cotton.
thank you for failing our kids.

love ya, mean it Senator Cotton!  Glad to have you in DC for Arkansans.  Keep up the great work.
for 60K I don't blame @SenToomey for voting for @BetsyDeVos     2600 is all you got? Sad.
Shameful. You know this is not what your constituents wanted. This is not good for any of us.
First class team?  Are you KIDDING me?  Take note, Tommy.  As a student AND a parent, I'm keeping score.
Arkansas is watching you.. And we don't like what we see.
Sir, you forgot your receipt.
She bought your vote and you should be embarrassed to have abandoned our public school system and supported unqualified BD.
Yes, and it only cost DeVos a $26,000 political contribution to you to buy your vote. @SenTomCotton
Cowards are the ones the one that are AFRAID of the trump tweet. Evil vs coward, at least the evil has convictions.Which R U?
Two types of republicans, "evil" and "cowards". Evil want to see the destruction of our education system.
You voted yes for a wholly unqualified education secretary. Shame on you for voting party over what's best for the people!
Same old, knuckle-dragging south, holding us back for 160 years.
sell out and I'm not even from your state
hope that sweet sweet $2,600 was worth the education for the kids in our state and country. #midterm2018 
you sold out the students of Arkansas . She is not qualified!
.@SenTomCotton you were elected to represent us, not think for us. Constituency spoke loud & clear against DeVos. Please explain your vote.
You have no respect. It's not about parties. She's a good person. But NOT qualified. At all. It was easy to see. Liar. Fraud.
so in private talks she appreciates public schools but in public, she fails to say so and shows lack of knowledge? makes sense
sell out!
My statement in response to your statement: DISGRACEFUL. Rural Arkansans DON'T NEED VOUCHERS, they need GOOD SCHOOLS. #DeVos
let him know how u feel about his yes vote on DeVos 

Phone: (202) 224-2353
mail box is 'full'. 
Shame on you.
shame on u for voting for $$$$ instead of your people!!
Shame on you. We will actively campaign against you.
Your statement is YOU DON'T CARE about constituents. Just donations. Or your failing school ranking. #shame #GOPsucks #greed
hypocrite
looking for a bigger donation next year Tom
I plan to work my heart out to defeat you!
Thank you.This is our home.We ought to protect it with all we have for our future generations.Look at Europe as hallmark.
if they had looked st Europe DeVos never would have been confirmed
with Gods help and your work with others.Our children will become a nation of good educated people which reduces crime poverty
You are we need a better educational system. You are sorely lacking in intelligence.
if it is the same intelligence you are using  nowI'll pass.Judgeing me shows you likely are lacking social intel bye
Arkansas state motto-Regnat populus: the people rule. Today the people did not rule, and you should be ashamed. #Betsydevos
Disappointed in you. We needed you to make the right decision and you didn't.
#CountryOverParty You have failed us again, we will not forget.
I don't believe you.
it is ironic that you have received multiple requests from Arkansans to vote NO and you thrown our requests in the trash.
because he doesn't care about his people. Nothing Christian about him
How could you vote for such a horrendous woman to be our secretary of education? has no one seen her résumé? we will remember
In case you need a reminder of why you're being replaced, come 2020, look back at how the people BEGGED you not to do this.
He already knows he's out next election so he needs to maintain good contacts that he can later sell off as a lobbyist.
Meanwhile in your own state " citizens are suffering due to work related disability
I am glad to see you taking a stand re: immigration/visas..etc...immigration should benefit country..not hurt Americans
Once your illigitimate president is charged w/treason your party will join the likes of the Nazi party in the history books.
you will be removed, respectfully. #TheResistance

Another sad day for Arkansans. I wish you had voted for our children instead of your pockets.
oh yeah! He took donations from her
Boo weevil,she campaigns against queers. Are you still on grinder,Tommy? Your aversion to pussy isn't a secret @LogCabinGOP 
who do the Dems have ready to run?
disappointing
I sense a pattern on your comments re: POTUS. Never disagree. Curious to see what it takes. #LaCheeserie
apparently our kids are worth $34k! we should have written a check for $35k at least we know his price.  Cheap
Because you're willing to put Republican Party power over the good of the nation and the good of students
This is bad and you know it. Why don't you go listen to all those messages in your 'full' mailbox?
Do you have a idea when Sen Sessions will be voted ALSO Any ideas for other confirmation votes this week?
We will hold you responsible for the damage that she does. That's a promise.
#VoteThemOut #2018 #2020
but I guess supporting @realDonaldTrump who has no APPROPRIATE EXPERIENCE or KNOWLEDGE makes it easier  #ledByTheNose 
2/2
Does it explain why you think its appropriate to confirm someone who clearly has NO APPROPRIATE EXPERIENCE or KNOWLEDGE? 1/2
bc people like you are freaking out about it
Why are you so lock step with @realDonaldTrump? Is it practice for the military parades? #PutinsPuppet
This nomination is bad and you should feel bad.  But you don't because you're a sycophantic ideologue.
HAHAHAHAHAHA keep cryin
