BHO was "the enemy" WTH are the GOP letting #Mueller continue=friend of Comey & is bringing in ppl who were loyal to Clinton -STOP the CRAP
My statement on the Reagan Administrations approach to Iran here: Insert hyperlink of BS here...
Last time I checked, PRESIDENT Obama never let Russians into the Oval Office with suspicious "Camera" equipment, unlike PIGotus 45. Treason.
Sen. Cotton now the time presents you with a perfect opportunity to really do the right thing by digging into the Clear & Present Danger DJT
But of course dear, if you say so
When can we expect to see your statement on the current administration's position on Russia? Look forward to you denouncing them also.
Not likely. Cotton and Rubio are dining w/ Trump at WH tonight, ahead of Comey's hearing on Thurs. I'm sure Cotton will give 45 a talking to
Got a statement on @SenateMajLdr telling Obama to keep it quiet?
How big of a pussy is Obama to cower to a turtle's threats?
You can't play that both ways
Can't wait to vote this out of office!!
Your priorities seem to be a few years too late. How about paying attention to what's happening now? Partisanship is pathetic do whats right
Seriously? This is all you got? There is no point in insulting you at this point. You are making yourself look ridiculous without any help
WTH-YOU don't know but should =BHO was espionage king 4 Muslim terrorist nations-all he wanted fr Russia=$self profit4 selling our resourses
At what pt do you stop blaming Obama for crimes of Grand Old Putin Party?& aren't you dining w/ Trump tonite at WH, ahead of Comey on Th.?
My statement.  Your an embarrassment
You are Stating The Blame on Obama as Trump Says All This Russia 'CRAP' is Just Democrats Still Grumbling About Hillary Losing to Trump!
This doesn't make sense. It's Trump who opened the doors to Lavrov and spy Kislyak.Shared classified info w them Where is your outrage?
YOUR Putin-loving party is the one supporting a treasonous grifting president who sold this country so he could keep pretending to be rich.
So I take this to mean you are going to be serious about cracking down on Russia right now and its ties to @POTUS officials, right???
Look for my statement later on Marie Antoinette and her refusal to share cake. #resist
Did you send a copy of your statement to Ayatollah Khamenei? He needs a good laugh again.
You know who the current President is right?
He might not. Some of these guys are incredibly unobservant.
You might should start looking at the current administration.
Where is your statement on the Trump campaign's collusion with the Russians.
Are you out of your g.d mind Tom? How about you do something about this administration's acceptance of Russian espionage?
@SenTomCotton what are you hiding Tom? This is not Obama's admin. This is America you're letting down. My America, your children's America!
Russian Espionage has happened. How are you cleaning house? @SenTomCotton this is not a partisan issue. This is an American issue.
What did republican congress do?
"Coddled the Putin regime????" Your boy tried to lift all sanctions on day 1 with absolutely nothing in return! That's coddling you puppet!
Your lecture today was great.
Glad my senator is focused on the issues of today, Tom.
He couldn't be more tone deaf if he tried. Obviously Harvard isn't as difficult as we've all been led to believe.
You are joking right? No mention of Trump cozying up to Putin?  No mention of undisclosed meetings by Sessions, Kushner and others? Traitor.
You're a fool thinking Americans are gullible to buy the garbage you spew. You turn your back on your country in favor of your party. Sad!
This is true!  Absolutely! Ty I'm glad someone told u how I feel lol
You r joking right?This is your concern? How about the illiterate, Russian controlled, obviously financially motivated man sitting in oval?
My statement on YOUR failure to crack down on Russian espionage:
Is this supposed to be an example of Republican leadership?
Way to keep up with current events #OutOfTouch Tom Cotton

That's a laughable comment knowing what we know about the Trump administration and Russia
Don't listen to the regressive leftists' mindless rants. It takes courage to stand up for what is right
Tom, I thought you were a patriot only to find out you're another partisan. Wrong side of history here my friend. USA 
And you and GOP are not cracking down on #TrumpRussiaCollusion you're  another #PutinPuppet putting #partybeforecountry
I bet Putin was not happy w/ the failure of the 500 billion Exxon deal. Or the many econonic sanctions 3/14, 7/14, 12/14 , 12/16 Obama fails
Russian Embassy Twitter is definitely pissed that Diplomatic properties have not been returned in Maryland and NY, another Obama failure.
Flexing muscles is a thing of the past. Now, we are entwined economically. U hit them where it hurts, money honey.
It gets quick results! Low death toll n better karma.
When there's no argument to be made about today's shitshow, they can only focus on history.
AgainTomCotton's obsess w/PresObama Trump,admin&repubs hobnob w/Russia then blame it onObama.Get the sequence right or wait for townhalls!
Traitor.
I didn't think you could be more incompetent, but wow!! You never fail to amaze me! Trump is literally Putin's puppet. #TrumpRussia
What an awful excuse for a person u are. You're cool w/ Trump & crew working for Russia & respond by blaming Obama. You, sir, are a traitor.
The more I think about this smarmy tweet the madder I get.  Its blatantly obvious you could care less about this country.  Traitor.
Trump administration - you okay with that crap?  Lock him up.
LMAO are you still obsessed with Obama??? It's JUNE! 
What about Obama sending people and $50 mil to affect the Israeli elections???? Why didn't you stop that? All countries spy on each other.
What does this have to do with anything... America is over GOP shiney objects game.
I mean seriously Tom this is all you have to say about Russia?  You're a vet?  You fought for the US just to be complicit in a coup d'etat?
Foolish. It's your party that the Russians infiltrated. Why don't you take the lead? FYI The fish rots at the head.
Seriously?!? You are such a hypocrite, a racist and an embarrassment to Arkansas.
Lololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololol
lol right????? Lmao funniest thing I've seen all day!
Yeah, foreign government influence is a big issue, isn't it, Tehran Tom? I'm guessing a traitor like you can't see the irony.
If President Obama had done anything about investigating Trump publicly you would have called foul for trying to tip the scales for Clinton.
Trying to make this about anyone besides Trump is just your desperation showing.
It's too late to try to blame anyone.
This is all Trump.
naw. You're party tried to block everything about Russian interference. Turtle face wanted it hush hush. You will go down with the ship.
... But what about the current president/investigation...
Blaming Obama for Trump's collusion. This is moronic.
What's your statement on the Trump/Kushner/White House spy ring?
But you're ok with Trump being in bed with them?
LIES & PROPAGANDA
Tom, we are not all as simple as your voters. Try being an American first and then a Republican
Next coming from the boy who blocked a qualified AA woman appointment bcz she was a colleague of our beloved P.B.O. Grow a pair. Weak!
Is this asshat's seat up for grabs in the next election?!
Hi, author of traitorous Iran letter, go chat with @SenateMajLdr
This statement shows you are complicit in Trumps treasonous actions.
U know what, I am SICK 2 death U past living babies who Can't solve crap so make excuses about the past,you're a tool that has made us mad
What about the Senate Majority Leader's refusal to go public with the information in the summer of 2016?
Here in Arkansas, you won't be reelected.  At some point, even a fool knows a fool.
TOO BAD YOU DON'T HAVE THE POWER TO TAKE ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR IT NOW.
What about the current administration's failure to crack down on Russian espionage and its cowtowing to Putin?
Is this for real?
Obama kicked Russian spies out of embassies last year. News is now reporting Trump wants to reopen them. Why? To babysit corrupt pres? Hmm?
Your kiddng right?
Senator you spelled Trump wrong.
... and your statement on the Trump administration's aiding and abetting of Russian espionage is what?
Yes, I think @realDonaldTrump s policy of total capitulation to #Putin is a far better strategy.
it's obamas fault! Lol! Yeah obama told trump to hand over country!  As a republican(not for long) you guys are embarrassing
It's amazing the mental divide in this country.
Hey Tommy, didn't you serve your country? I wonder which country you pledged allegiance to! It doesn't appear to be the USA!
C'mon Man.
Stuff like this makes me glad I got out of Arkansas.
Stop making a fool of yourself, unless you're nothing more!
Work in something that would help your constituents!!
The Obama administration is over.
Got a statement about the current admins position on Russia? I'll wait.
This is like a HS senior writing about his 8th grade teacher
Why are you making statements on what Obama should have done? Can we please move into the present? Or better yet talk about our future.
So your answer is to have Trumpster in the White House as Putin's puppet???
No. Trumpster will not make it four years in office.
Saving this tweet for when you run for reelection. Don't think it'll age well.
So.....The Russian hacking and disinfo campaign that swung the election to Trump was somehow Obama`s fault?
Listen to Cotton's message, his favorite 'Deliverance' music plays on the banjo in the background. Cotton loves him some cockholster songs!
Known Russian Spy Handler at Trump campaign events. The @gop invited the Russians in at every turn.
*Look!* A squirrel! ROFL! 
Not gonna work Tom. NOTHING's going to distract from #TrumpRussia  
He's going down and so is everyone involved.
Hummmmm
Why are Russians meeting with Putin right after meeting with Kushner?
Flight data suggests Russian banker went directly from Kushner meeting to join Putin in Japan. h/t @AmyJBrittain http://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/explanations-for-kushners-meeting-with-head-of-kremlin-linked-bank-dont-match-up/2017/06/01/dd1bdbb0-460a-11e7-bcde-624ad94170ab_story.html … 
That's right - while trump burns down the world, blame obama. Racist crackas like you and trump are the real problem
Whining from the Sen for Israel who committed seditious acts by writing letters to foreign leaders that he doesn't support America
I can't believe this is from today. The Jared Kushner espionage case is building up. Blame Obama?
The @gop is complicit and compromised in Russian Spying & election meddling. Everyone is laughing at you, Tom. #dailyRussianPuppet
We the People's statement on your approval rating as Senator.  Look 4 another job.  The guy who supports a man who asked Russia 2 hack an 
You don't get to defend #Russian #treachery and protect it at the same time, #Traitor @TomCottonAR #TrumpRussia #TheResistance
In Jan.,the Trump WH began secret effort 2 lift Russia sanctions. SD officials moved quickly to block them take over dude
No comments on how Trump is supporting Russian espionage? Why do you hate America and her people so much?

You even hide behind your tweets. All you Congressional Rs are dangerously cowards. Rs cheat for votes & then blame. Rs aren't leaders.
It's great you are concerned about Russian espionage in this country.   Let's get serious about this and end this nightmare now.
Curious- do you really not see how ludicrous this is or do you just count on your constituents being that ignorant/ill-informed?
Do you have any idea how foolish you look?
LMAO.
Your statement on why you've become an excuse making Russian stooge.  ICYMI:Obama imposed sanctions on Russia, Trump wants to remove them.
Are you Forrest Gump?
Short of arresting draft dodging @realDonaldTrump , what could he have done?
Obama is why I drink
Don't you have some fields to protect?
My statement on the Obama administration’s failure to crack down on Russian espionage: http://ow.ly/YVqa30cejL3 
What about your failure to crack down and current Russian espionage you disingenuous shill.
#butHillary #butObama #beaminyoureye
.@SenTomCotton I guess they should have just worked with the Russian spies then? That seems to be the hot new trend.
You're kidding here, right?
You are trying to hard, little boy. Let the chips fall where they may. You remind me of a 5 year old playing with spaceships and fire trucks
U can't be fucking serious
Ppl of Arkansas, thanks for giving us this pos
We sure as hell all didn't vote for him.  Some of us are stuck in a river of red politicians who basically hate their constituents.
So, do you have evidence of Obama collusion?
Just when I though I'd seen the dumbest in partisan hackmanship, Tom Cotton comes along and blows that baseline away. 1/2
Please... A reminder that below is the official Republican policy towards Russian espionage and influence.
Are you high?
This is an April 1st-like statement.....
What about the current administration's failure to crack down on Russian espionage!? They are the only ones capable making improvements now!
And ya boi @realDonaldTrump returning property to Russia? Ya gonna drop a pair and speak up?
This doesn't make sense. Booting the diplomats and sanctions happened on 44s watch. It's 45 who wants to give it all back.
Grow a pair, Sen. Find the patriot in you, work for the country and hold Trump admin accountable.
Do you have a statement about Trump's engagement in Russian espionage? Thank you Tom.
So inspirational, Senator. Please help continue to unite our divided nation 
Blah blah blah. No one cares. Do your job.
He did take sanction actions and left it to the next admin to do more.

Sadly they want to undo them, and others, not add more.
And how do you feel about trump reducing these 'inadequate punishments '? Hmmm?
Wait...Putin undermines our election to put Trump in power, at Trump's request, while you hamstring Obama and you now blame Obama?! FFS.
Trump is lifting sanctions against Russia Obama issued. Also, you are a POS who held up a nominee until she died just to spite Pres. Obama.
So where is your statement on Russian infiltrating the White House and the traitorous actions of dolt45
Is this for real? You know what the current president has done, right? Country over party, sir.
You really need to get some facts before you speak. You have no clue what you're talking about.
Where's your statement about Trump administration's obvious collusion with Russian spies and the Russian state? We're coming for you, Tom.
Do something about it now then.
wut? Have you been on a different planet the last few years?
Obama did respond, albeit only w/ sanctions. Trump, otoh, invited Russia to hack us ON LIVE TELEVISION and now I can't keep up w/headlines 
#ForSomeReason GOP needs a life boat. What? There aren't enough?
Nice try deflecting....
You could try sending a letter to Iran complaining about Obama - that always works.
Keep it up Tom, 2018 is going to be real bad year for Republicans. No way Americans are going to put up with this Trump fealty garbage.
So when are you going to introduce bill to strengthen sanctions against Russia?  GOP has all branches of govt.
lol lol lol lol @SenTomCotton your a joke
How's the view from Trump's lower intestine?I'll bet you can see Russia from there.#traitor.
Isn't your timing off? Wasn't Obama the one who took their spy property away and kicked them out of the country and Trump is giving it back?
#ForSomeReason I don't see a lot of support here, dude. #draintheswamp

Looking forward to your statement on actual current events regarding our present situation vis-a-vis Russia.
Like he would write anything derogatory against the Fuehrer. Vote him out!! #DoYourJob
Obama isn't the president. Where's your statement on the Trump administration's complicity with Russian espionage?
The CURRENT Russian White House is what you should address.  Your Republican loyalty prevents patriotism on your part.
Yeah. And what is your statement on health care - affordable for all Arkansans. 72143
trump towers been a russian hive of spies for years. trump laundered maybe $billions for putin and his friends. will trumps taxes show it?
Dude, Obama is the past, you need to focus on what's going on with Trump and the Russians.
There are no words. #ItsTheClimateStupid
Two things - 1. RUFKM 2. GFY.
