Give me your tired, your poor,
Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free,
The wretched refuse of your teeming shore.
Yes
Senator Cotton: Most immigrants do jobs 'Americans' do not want or cannot do. Your grandstanding w/trumpolini on this is NOT a credit to AR.
@SenTomCotton where's your plan to get AR off SSI and willing to work in fields & chicken processing for $8.50/hour once immigrants leave?
If You Truly concerned / American Workers needing a Raise.Efforts better spent raising Minimum Wage& Affordable HealthCare @realDonaldTrump
Smacks of #Despotism
Bullhockey.
This is abhorrent legislation that adversely affects the economy of Arkansas (the state that elected you) and is reprehensible on face.
THIS HAPPENS IN EVERY BORDER AREA IN THE WORLD. 

YOU AREN'T FOOLING ANYONE. THIS IS TO APPEASE RACIST VOTERS AND RACIST DONORS.
Stop #giving #visas to anti #American socialists & to #narcos & #moneylaunderers who come from #LatAm with stolen $$$ & #drug $$$
This is racist bullshit. The Republican party has become a white supremacist organization. It's shameful.
#womens #america #COTTON
Oh I see-less competition for the minimum wage jobs & MORE Competition for the above poverty jobs!     WHATTT!

Uh, your pal @POTUS fills his resorts with low-wage immigrants. Hypocrites. Repeal and Replace the GOP.
36% approval rating @POTUS. Repeal and Replace the GOP. Bunch of Nazis.

Excuse me Sir--but shouldn't you be more concerned with DPKR and its treatment of a American Citizen ..Warmber..remember?? @realDonaldTrump
Most immigrants work low service jobs, none that you or I want! Wages depressed because corps/cos/bus don't raise them to improve profits!
Blame immigrants? Why not have corporations take responsibility? 
#conservativepropoganda
Sir, take a basic economic course. Your arguments in support of this Act are, at best, extrapolations and, in most cases, simply wrong.
#SenTomCotton  This makes perfect sense to us out here on main st.  But you have those like @RepGutierrez who'd put illegals b4 citizens.
Thank you Sir- A true Patriot.
How about raising the minimum wage
RAISE awareness to vote Cotton out
You are just as evil as that little neo-Nazi / White supremacist Stephen Miller.
These type of people are afraid that rich white men won't be able to control everything anymore. That is ignorant. #VOTEHEMOUT!
Lying to your constituents.. Immigration doesn't push wages down, you and @realDonaldTrump busting up unions push wages down  #shameshame

Narrow-mindedness will only get you as far as Nowhere, and once you're there, you are lost forever.
You have my full support as an American. Great!
What America deserves is traitors behind bars. That would include you, Tehran Tom
Tom regularly visits sperm banks to huff cum.
He should be ashamed, but isn't. We need to make sure he is NOT re-elected. This is the only thing that will help. #VOTETHEMOUT!
Has anyone else noticed that nearly all of the supportive replies have misspelled or incorrectly used words?
you not n the payroll of APAC and shining isreali boots. You working for others interest not the American.
Jesus wept.
Hurry up, Americans, for these primo backbreaking jobs! Cotton is more deranged than Trump if he thinks Americans will work like this!!!

#trumphasalzhemers What's your excuse for being a hateful liar?  Nothing in the RACIST ACT is true!!!
Keep lying and hating, Tom. You're good at those two things, at least.
You guys are responsible for low wages democrats have been trying to raise it for years your the party of HELL N O
Excellent physicians come from the BANNED countries. They would not be taking US jobs, they would be filling a shortage.
Wow, even for you that's utter BS. Enjoy your $10 tomatoes.
Produce prices will be going up.
How about you support a $15/minimum wage?
Blaming immigrants is an old southern policy. Corporations in Arkansas treat workers like crap. Be they citizen or not.
We r a country of immigrants-including u Sen Cotton!

Watched you @SenTomCotton explained key features in the RAISE Act which places the American People 1st for Jobs before imigration_THANKS

THANK YOU SIR

Thank you Senator Cotton !!!  WINNING !!!  MAGA !!!

No, innovation, outsourcing (see Trump products) and consolidation is the problem. Blaming immigrants is weak and propaganda based on fear
Bullshit.  We need to educate our citizens--they're bringing us down if not retrained.
Don't take August off get this done this year pass it along Stop failing
Not enough of a RAISE! Under your bill, immigration would still be too much! Bring the numbers down!

There you go Cotton, you going to do it? No how about 45, Bannon, miller? Tell me who
Arkansans/Americans deserve better senators than you! ARKANSAS DESERVES A SENATOR that represents who WE are, not the hate they want to be!
He's a GREAT senator! We LOVE him. He doesn't hate, but U sure sound like U DO. Why do u HATE Americans and Arkansans?
Thank you for thinking of the American people! Merit based immigration is what America has needed for a long time!!! Thank you, thank you!

Thank you for looking out for the country's sake Senator.......

Absolutely agree!
