Not as bad as sending a warning letter to Iran to undercut a sitting president.

You mean like a president elect not divesting himself of his businesses as the Constitution itself says to?
What about when you sent a letter to Iran undermining the President ? Or refusing to even give SCOTUS nom hearing ? #hypocrite
@mundyspeaks Booker is a leftist
You mean like a president elect who routinely peppers his statements with verifiable lies.
it's usually custom for the PEOTUS to release his tax returns, oh, and usually not custom to write a letter to Iran as a sen
How about America though?
You stole the SCOTUS seat from the American people who reelected Obama. Screw your concern for customs.
The AMERICAN people didntot reelect Obuma. Illegals, Dead people, Voting mach flipping & ACORN multiple votes did!
ummm ok martha... settle down
Me settledown? How abtyou wise up!
you mean well, but your information is total shit, Martha
My info has substance. Yours is based on CNN smoking a substance thats probably illegal!
Sessions is a break from the norm.  His Career indicates that his version of law and order in America is out of date. #Reality
You literally sent a letter signed by half of the senate to the ayatollah just to undermine president obama
You mean like a presidential candidate withholding his tax returns?
@SFCGrambo Another in an ever-lengthening list of such political moves that will come back to bite stupid liberals in the ass.
what he said was slanderous, theater audition for Pres. Run.Im embarrassed knowing the  is watching & our govt looks like a 
so to is Sessions' blatant, ugly anti-civil rights record a disgraceful breach of his oath to "support & defend" constitution
stick to reporting football, then again you wrong about that too.....
rick, let's have this debate after you get your spelling and grammar up to, say, a fourth-grade level
@jefflcohen Love ya, Tom! You have my full support.
what exactly did u mean by T-BONE? Explain!!!
@SJ4DonaldTrump What would you expect? Racism at it's worst!
You mean like a president elect who bragged about grabbing women by the pussy just because he could.
A day PEOTUS behavior isn't?  How can you justify the things he says, does, his support of Russia? #Shame  #USfirstnotparty
not filling vacant SCOTUS seat is more disgraceful.
Unpatriotic is not to advocate for all people and provide them the same basic care u so openly  enjoy!
This vile betrayal of a colleague by Booker & Lewis was sickening, @SenatorSessions looked so hurt it broke my heart
You mean like, ah hell, do you really want to go down the "breach of custom" path with president asterisk heading your party?
@HotNostrilsrFun just another Democrat attempting to make a name for themselves to forward own political agenda. #Typical
You mean like a president elect who mocks, on camera no less, a disabled Pulitzer Prize winning journalist.
you must have been outraged when the Senate refused to consider Obama's Supreme Court nominee.
What's disgusting is that Trump thinks Sessions is prepared to be AG; his testimony shows he's not. @SenTomCotton
I'll admit Sessions doesn't blow me away as a best-guy-for-the-job AG-pick. @lawhawk  but what in his testimony stood out as disqualifying?
ya know what's disgraceful? Nominating a racist for AG.
@Cynthia_Jeanne3 All of a sudden Tommy Rotten (the traitor) is worried about customs and protocol and rules and regulations?
Americans are terrified what AG Sessions means for their rights and you're worried about decorum? Thanks to @SenBookerOffice
Enough with the partisan taunts in politics.  Time for our Senators to start focusing on the issues.
@LeaSavoy @SenBookerOffice Booker is auditioning for 2020. He's a liar and liars lie.
Concerning Sen Cory Booker & his "disgraceful breach of custom." Like you & yours not filling SCOTUS seat under Obama?
Kinda like the GOP refusing to hold confirmation hearings for a sitting President's SC nominee.  IOKIYAR, I guess.
@zoeziz Indeed Sen. Cotton.  One that will tarnish his career moving forward!
Go sit on a tuffet!
GOP's @SenTomCotton told Iran that a GOP White House won't honor the agreement that keeps them from getting nukes.
Senator Booker testifying against Senator Sessions is a disgraceful breach of custom: https://www.facebook.com/SenatorTomCotton/posts/727663187395219 …
No, a disgraceful breach of custom is the theft of a Supreme Court nomination. #GOPhypocrisy
so is Trump refusing to release his tax returns.  #dealwithit
Oh you have an issue with breaches of custom? Nail Trump to the wall for failing to divest. Then maybe youll earn your dignity
Didn't you kiss Iran on the pinky ring to denounce our president?
You should send a letter to Iran about it, hypocrite.
Breach of custom ? You ignorant fucking disgrace , after your treasonous act with the leaders of Iran you have no room speak !
.@SenTomCotton where is your outrage when the clown you're about to put in office pissed all over your customs? Get a job, factory job!
Didn't you commit treason sending a letter to Iran to delegitimize the sitting president of our nation? Have a seat.
Didnt you write letter to foreign leader undermining your Commander-in-Chief's peace negotiations? You know all about disgrace
Breaching customs is how USA became a nation we have always defied & rose above CUSTOMS @CoryBooker #kamala2020 #booker2020
There is NOTHING customary about #Trump & his unqualified cabinet choices. I applaud Sen Booker for doing this!
or not confirming president Obama's Supreme Court nominee. Piss off cotyon.
Yeah just like that letter u sent to Iran remember?
- Dems are truly bottom feeders / parasites who will stop at nothing.
just like nominees for confirmation not disclosing financial records?
I can't wait to vote against you. Between now then I'm going to tell everyone I meet to vote against you too.  Traitor.
I see it as a brave man standing up for his principles which will always trump 'custom'
you must have voted for the rule to cover up the illegal activities of congress persons.
this is disgraceful. GOP having hypocritical "standards" if I can insult the word standards like that.
why do you care about customs given your inclination to support @realDonaldTrump ?  He is a racist bigot and disgrace to USA
Your support of un unqualified degenerate is a disgraceful display, since u abandoned ethics what's the issue with custom?
easy for a white man to hide behind "custom" when minority rights are at risk. Hypocrites like you have done it for centuries.
no he's upholding ethical scrutiny. Do you put party & custom above justice, law & integrity? #shameful #nosessionsnojimcrow
And your letter to Iran or invitation to Bibi?
I don't recall you complaining when VP Cheney used profanity on the Senate floor against a sitting Senator.
- As opposed to your letter to Iran to subvert the President's efforts?
@CoryBooker U know what's custom?For a nominee 2 realease taxes.For PEOTUS to behave in a manner befitting the office.Shut up.
what are you afraid of? It is no more against protocol then the rushing of Trump cabinet picks before vetting is done
The Republican Party stepping aside and letting a kleptocrat megalomaniac do whatever he wants is disgraceful.
These hearings before completing ethics committee investigations is a MAJOR breach in customs!
.@SenTomCotton Nominating this racist is the real breach of decency and democracy.
the list of disgrace & dishonor is long, and @CoryBooker's name sure isn't on it. He speaks truth for many.
Hatch and Cotton, putting themselves above the American people as usual.
Booker has no integrity or character! Doesn't give a damn about it either!
@CoryBooker No, Senator. Shouting "You lie" from the well of the House to @POTUS was a disgraceful breach of custom!
.@SenTomCotton most disgraceful breach of custom Pres Elect's failure to disclose taxes & Senate's lax approach to vetting cabinet nominees.
on your disgrace spectrum, where does using your democratically held office to argue for the imprisonment of US journos fall?

We are solidly behind and strongly support @CoryBooker in #NJ against Southern racists like @SenatorSessions
on your disgrace spectrum, where does expediting cabinet nom hearings to avoid customary due process and ethics review fall?
@CoryBooker is willing to "break custom" because the matter is too important. Maybe you will have the same courage one day.
on your disgrace spectrum, where does the unprecedented 1 year shelving of a president's SCOTUS pick fall?
Custom versus ethics... hmmm... we'll go with ethics. Nothing disgraceful about doing his job.
.@SenTomCotton Perhaps you should repeat your faux pas and write this down in an open letter to Iran. #ProtocolFail
go write a letter to Iran about it you hypocrite
maybe write a letter to Ayatollah Khamenei about it.
So is sending a subversive letter to a foreign power...oh the hypocrisy.
no he is a principled person who is deeply troubled by bigotry.
Nah it was needed & necessary unlike your letter to Iran which was an attempt to undermine Obama. Fuck your Tom. #disgrace
This statement would be laughable if it wasn't so pathetically self-serving!
Writing a letter to Iran? Disgraceful breach of conduct. https://www.google.com/amp/www.usnews.com/news/articles/2015/03/16/senators-iran-letter-shows-deteriorating-respect-for-the-oval-office%3Fcontext%3Damp?client=safari …
Not voting on Garland? Disgraceful breach of customs.
Kind of like that letter you wrote to Iran?
maybe write a letter to Iran to complain. Youve got plenty of time while you're not busy confirming Merrick Garland #hypocrite
kind of like @SenateGOP and @SenateMajLdr rushing confirmation hearings without ethics checks and appropriate documents filed?
@NPJules    Booker thinks by pulling stunts like this  he will get accolades from his progressive  cohorts. #new obama
I remember Booker making the hostage video to suck up  to angryBarry after Booker embarrassed him. Lol, Juveniles
so is #PEEOTUS hiring hookers to urinate on a bed but you've got no problem with that??
So is writing a letter to IRAN- Not Voting for SCOTUS- Not debating a new AUMF- and taking Millions from AIPAC-#GoldStarDad
Ummm the “informative” letter to Iran that you penned   NOW that was disgraceful breach of custom!
custom doesn't dictate precedent when it involves a white supremacist
not "disgraceful" if Sessions' past actions don't warrant him to be a viable AG in the first place. He SHOULD be challenged.
So grabbing a woman by the pussy or having Russian prostitutes pee on you is somehow more your style? #PEEOTUS #hypocrisyMUCH
ICYMI @realDonaldTrump spent2 nite fendingoff Russian hookers pissing onbed rather than thanking Pres @BarackObama #micdrop #ObamaFairwell
So's colluding with the enemy to steal an election.
do you read what your staff tweets? How do people so ignorant get elected?
he is a disgrace to the senate
your party has no room to talk about disgraceful breach of custom. Trump taxes, full ethics paperwork ,etc
Yet here he is...Defending You!
My valued colleague @SenTomCotton is just fine & in great shape (inspiring me to workout harder). We often disagree but we both love America https://twitter.com/BretHyde/status/819010670620508160 …
Really?  We're still standing on custom?  NOT!
No, the disgrace is having a racist, who failed one confirmation hearing already, being nominated for Attorney General!
"YOU LIE." 

Need I say more?
Are you a Christian ?
"a breach of CUSTOM"? Your candidate breached natl security w Russia ties. Are you going to criticize him?
Seriously? The leader of your party threw 'custom' along with morals and ethics out the window many months ago.
your statement is uneducated
and you are the person who said you blocked Obama judiciary appts because u wanted to irritate the president.  Childish.
It had to be said. I'm just glad an Man of honor said it. Thanks for being a stand-up guy & excellent Senator.
You have no credibility.
at least he has the guts to speak the truth
STFU
The good news is .. Just like the Hollywood Hypocrites .. Nobody cares!! .. It's just hot air .. SoreLiberals
why no outcry about the biggest breech of custom in the history of the senate of denying a hearing on Scotus #shameful
@BeladonnaRogers #democrats don't believe in #American customs. @CoryBooker is a disgrace. Like #obama,only wants to tear down
Refusing to grant a hearing to a SCOTUS nominee was a far bigger offense.
The disgraceful breach of custom was your refusing to even to give a hearing to Merrick Garland. Disgraceful hypocrite.
Democrat Presidential Candidate 2020. After BO, the bar disappeared. But I do love T-Bone more than @VP
Your president elect is a disgraceful human being and is dragging my country into the gutter.
I thought his roll is to ask questions, not testify for the prosecution.
You should give your buddies in Iran a call and have a chat with them about that.
Custom, really. Draining the swamp eliminates custom. Are you asleep? @SenTomCotton #Goldenshowers
I disagree #StopSessions
yet you support a man who has broken every decent & respectful "custom" of our highest office. #hypocrite #TheResistance
H-y-p-o-c-r-i-t-e. 
How about those confirmation hearings for Justice Garland?
Tough times call for unusual measures. Don't  just go along to get along - Sen Booker is right.
I'd be more concerned with @SenBookerOffice if he acted like a coward and drafted a seceret letter in objection.
It remains to be seen if the Pres elect is simply a breach of custom or simply a disgrace.
so you want @CoryBooker to write a letter to Iran instead?
as is writing letters to foreign government
@MarlaMartinez93 it is dispicable how LOW people will stoop to discredit a Good public Servant with the highest Integrity .
Like your letter on Iran?
u got elected via an untruth
Sez the guy who wrote a letter to Iran dissing a US President.
so you're more interested in "custom" than seeking the truth...you ARE a true rethugnican!
less then a year ago he praised sessions 4 his support. Mentioned sessions by name. Dems have no moral standards anymore
Doing what is right is more important than doing what is a "custom".
Senator Booker standing up for Americans as he was sworn to do.  I know, foreign concept to you & your pals.
you sold out this chain of command a long time ago, sir. #letter
so is not properly vetting nominees
Putin "custom" and party before integrity and country is disgraceful. Yes, you read that right.
You choose to use disgraceful and the phrase "breach of custom" as it applies to Corey Booker?  Trump embodies those words.
Good thing you followed the custom of filling a vacant Supreme Court seat so no one would call you a hypocrite. Oh wait.
, where was your voice when the Senate breached custom when it failed to give #merrickgarland a hearing?
Your presidential candidate is a Russian stooge and a traitor.  Focus on that please.
Not being vetted properly before assuming a cabinet position is likely  a more serious breach,  doncha think?

so is peeing on hookers
you're bad mouthing your fellow senators?!Shame on you! He is speaking for those of us who don't have a voice in confirmation
I suppose not completing full ethics vetting is not also a breach of custom? Can't pick & choose which laws/customs to follow!
I think u will need 2 send a letter to the Mullahs 2 stop Cory from testifying
.@SenTomCotton what do you call sitting on cassandra butts nom til she passed #arpx #decency over politics
Because honesty trumps norms and customs - unless it comes from the rightwing?  (Hint: rightwing not synomous w/correct wing)
breach of custom? Really you voted for a Pussy Grabbing Putin Stooge and you r worried about decorum?
NO, @SenTomCotton, this is EXACTLY the kind of fight we EXPECT from you and the rest of @SenateDems @OversightDems! NO WAY to Sessions et al
You CANNOT be serious.
Arkansas residents a fan of "Golden Showers?, Tom? And you want to claim "disgraceful breach of custom" re Booker?? LOL
I'd say that's pretty much a mic drop on anything you GOPs want to come up with to insult Dems now. Golden Showers? REALLY
You moron--you want to talk "disgraceful breach of custom" take a look at your pretty boy Trump AND latest Russian crap.
So was your treasonous letter to Iran but that didn't stop you. #47Traitors
You mean like sending a letter to Iran undermining the sitting Presiden?
You conducted traitor conduct & should be in http://Gitmo.You  have military experience so you know the chain of command
you know what else was a breach of custom? Not holding hearings for Merrick Garland, you assclown.
says a white man w/all privileges that entails. Sen Booker has EVERY right to point out Sessions' hatred of blacks.
When GOP blocked Obama's SCOTUS nominee all breach of custom arguments died.
Just to be clear: you're an incredible embarrassment to your fellow Arkansans. I'm deeply ashamed you're my Senator.
