Please, Obama did what he wanted when he wanted
Joe Biden's rule. Lame duck prez can't nominate
Like the New York Times?
Again, grow up and stop with the name calling. Then we can have an adult conversation
Oh look, another pointless war
Pointless War for a Pointless President.
I have to agree, and now we are talking about war efforts in other areas. This cutting teeth/show of force has to stop.
Yes! Too many innocent lives are being lost already. War is only ethical/logical when someone attacks your country & you respond to defend.
Even physical war in this age is barbaric. Most war now is fought economically and with the market as the weapon.
are you willing to believe again? 
So swift he had time to give the Russians and SAAF an hour and a half heads up to prevent anything of military significance being hit..
Cotton needs to be voted out!
@MichaelDelauzon no innocent child should suffer from attacks by their own government! I could NOT be more proud of Trump!
But would you let the remaining children into our country to protect them from future attacks? 
no one is addressing real problem,Syrian people r 1's dying.All these different factions fighting from inside & outside but they r 1's dying
DS!

Let's get real, Trump let Russia know the attack was coming!  & Russia let Syria know! This just way 4 trump 2 slime out of Russiagate!
:one of the many banes to humanity, the earth and every living creature. You and all your cohorts.
So what you're saying is Obama should have bypassed Congress and just fired missiles instead of asking and being refused by you?
When Obama wanted to go in he took appropriate measures and went to Congress and they said No, 98 Congress petitioned against it...
You voted to ban Muslims from America. Did you know that included refugees from that very regime? Don't pat yourself on the back too hard.
what will you ask Trump to do about,  South Sudan and Somali war causing famine or is that just an AFRICAN PROBLEM?
You criticize Obama for following the Constitution?Why didn't you convince your colleagues to allow a response in 2013? Take responsibility.
Trump is a liar, reactive, & has no plan. Could u imagine if a woman had reaction to pics & then bombed a country?!
On Monday Trump said we r going to let Syria take care of itself..then trump watches TV & changes his mind. Talk about flake w/no ideology!
Agree. Better togather.
We will get our SCOTUS! God doe not need the Dems. ;)
he calls the shots.
Swift&decisive?Haven't you been reading millions of tweets tonot go intoSyria?Oh yeahThey were to Obama.So it doesnt countTrump is hypocrite
#keepbannon #firekushner @POTUS Misplaced praise. We just helped ISIS. Why would Assad do this? #defeatdeepstate
&when obama wanted 2 go in Britian said they wouldn't support it, &Congress said they were getting calls from constituents 600-1 against it!
Trump is a child and he did next to nothing  #americanfascist
That's okay. You goddamn people are now well on your way to destroying the middle class and turning control of this country over to Russia.
I support the strikes, but I do NOT want another Iraq, Sen. Cotton.
And warning them just before so that there were reduced damages? A symbolic gesture meant to distract from #russiagate ?
That's because you're a war profiteer and fear mongerer and a stain upon our Senate.
Everything republicans do is ok, if democrats president will ask they denied it.
No money for you.?
But,don't let those same victims of Assad into our country,right? RIGHT!! You sir and your cronies are HYPOCRITES!
@POTUS Why strike an airfield & fail to crater runways fail to damage planes fail to damage facilities? No runway craters!
first good thing he has done since he took office.
How about swift action against dictator el-Sisi for imprisoning 20 Americans. Your nose is getting browner by the minute.
Amazing how dead kids from #Syria mean nothing to y'all when they're #refugees...

#SyriaBombing
#WakeUpSheeple
#Trump is an #Idiot
Still he should have asked congress to approve an act of war against another nation
The only regime that is truly outlaw is the US regime. Even the disgusting Junker-Merkel-Hollande regime is secondary.
Disgraceful....
At least we did not harm any Russians.
Trump is nothing more than a show clown with no independent thought. Everything he does is to receive some false recognition. I hate phony

I like this Arkansas fellow.
@All100Senators Where were you in 2013 when Assad did the SAME thing & Obama asked for military authorization?? GOP own this!
Senator Tom Cotton was elected in 2014 when he beat Democrat Mark Pryor. Go ask Pryor what he did.
It was a rhetorical ? Re:GOP inactions but Tom loves to harp on past Obama admin-GOP owns it now
We're these chemical weapons any of the WMDs from Iraq? Just curious, I've never heard of any labs in Syria.
I'm 2014 Obama said he made them get rid of them so there shouldn't have been any
@radronin 
I agree with the targeted strike
But enough with the 'regime' language
.
@Cernovich
After he cleared it with Putin and #PresidentBannon?
Next!
Didn't #Obama ask for Congress's authority to bomb Syria? How did you vote then?
Trump Will Lose Playing Putin's Dangerous Game @realDonaldTrump @LindseyGrahamSC @SpeakerRyan @SenTomCotton @DrRandPaul
without congressional approval, what is going on????
U know better tom
He only needs congressional support to declare war. Paul Ryan Chuck Schumer were notified prior to the strike according to their tweets.
thx for the clarification tom
@DanaLVafiades Help Syrian group that hates USA against Syrian group that hates USA #GreatPlan We gain nothing
We are in control!
It is unbelievable that you are getting played by the CIA. What is your agenda another Failed state @1Patriot Writer @realDonaldTrump
Words from a great American Leader!
Did he ask for congressional approval b4 hand?
No more killing from this terrorist in Syria !
POTUS just helped the Muslims that want to kill us . Real smart .
They hate our hot girls in bikinis, or they hate they can't put them in a burkha maybe both, since they can't pull hot girls anyway
Senator.  It might be a good time to explain to the public the difference between a Tomahawk Missile and a Drone by Obama ))
Not our civil war to fight. The United Nations needs to handle these issues. @realDonaldTrump
The #UN never handled any monster like Assad, Iran, et al- I am okay with targeted strikes #Tcot
Same! #IStandWithTrump
You do realize the SoS just said that Russia may be complicit in Syria's illegal WMD program, right? Are you seeking a major regional war?
Do you also support the advamce notice to Russia before the strike? #WagTheDog
But yet " you cannot show a-little empathy for your citizens who are disabled and then tossed out like trash . None what so ever

WAS THE U.S.A ATTACKED BY SYRIA OR BY IRAQ/LIBYA ETC.SEEMS THE GREATER ILLEGAL NUCLEAR ISRAEL PLAN IS PRIORITY.
Showing strength My President and thank you Sen Cotton for supporting this
@SenTomCotton Just join the rebels, GO if you want another endless war! WTF is the matter with you?
You commend his unauthorized by congress show of force? No coalition? No congressional approval? If obama did this you'd be pissed
The constitution disagrees
I never said I disagreed with the action to strike, but he still needs to have congressional approval. Or do you forget 2013?
I don't typically disagree with u sir. But on this one I do. If y'all got the intell to back this up great. Why doesn't it leak ?
He didn't care about those kids when he put the ban on refugees in place. He didn't care until he saw bad pictures on TV.  Unstable POTUS
The US is the true leader of in the world once again! No bull crap red line! Plain & simple leadership!
Trump promised to stay out of Syria. Said let Putin go broke fighting there. War with Russia? Are you insane? This is wrong on every level.
Agreed, and thanks to Secretary Chaos for the lightning fast response.
you've been trying to get us into a war for years now, defense contractor pork tastes good doesn't it?
@realDonaldTrump @SenateDems RUSSIA GAVE THE GAS FOR THE KILL. RUSSIA INFORMED BEFORE STRIKE. RUSSIANS ARE LEADING US TO WAR!
Had Barack Obama had enforced his redline then all of this,  including the loss of a 1/2 million people, would've been prevented.
Launching missiles is gonna accomplish nothing. Maybe take attention away from Russiagate.
@Destinbeach22 @SenTomCotton Just taking out the airstrips so planes fill w deadly chemicals won't kill innocent children!
We stand behind.him 200%
Same Congress that didn't want us going in the last time?
Fighting ISIS directly.  I'm quite aware "deary".
2013.
And helping #ISIS ?
I appreciate your response.
No Tom, couldn't take 2 weeks to conduct an investigation?  Make sure before you attack another nation.  Wow this is bad bad bad
Unbelievable such transparent false flag could result in this escalation. No evidence,no investigation & we're firing missiles within a day!

Behind Tulsi Gabbard's 'Stop Arming Terrorists' bill
cc: @HadiAlabdallah @hadialbahra @SyrCoalition @PMcanadien @mariodumont @MFATurkey @MID_RF @PutinRF

I know. Thanks Senator Tom.

- God xx:)
........................................

I would have so preferred a more #peaceful solution.
Involving #dialogue and #respect.

- God xx:)
........................................

I wrote over 20 000 #tweet #messages, over the last few months.

To help #Syria ...

- God xx:)
........................................

I am #almost #dead, Senator Tom.

I can hardly breathe, anymore ...

- God xx:)
.......................................

#RussianArmy tortured me #too #much, over the last months.

Over this war in #Syria ...

- God xx:)
........................................

This is very difficult for me to accept, Senator Tom.

It could have been different...

- God xx:)
........................................

I cannot stop crying ...

I don't want to die, at 38 years old!

- God xx:)
........................................

I so wanted to be able to give birth to #JesusChrist.

I promised to ... 

- God xx:)
Still giving the middle finger to Syrian refugees though right?
Traitor!!! @SenTomCotton  You have no clue.
POTUS is not authorized to bomb another country without congressional approval. Unless the US is under imminent threat. He broke the law.
Sorry Chris, educate yourself b4 u talk out loud.  Law not broken.
Unfortunately Americans will now learn more about Iran and LH.
Easy boss. Let's play this one close to the vest until all the cards are laid.
America FIRST!
What next? Are you prepared for what may come?
^5
Leaders lead.  Followers complain
