Nope Tom cotton is a patriot. Looks like your in fairy land with your senseless remarks& really odd profile pic
Not to mention you don't know the difference between "your" and "you're."
Free Speech is a right shared by all.  Let's just hope the current attack on the free press by #potus doesn't undermine all free speech
Young people are angry at this administration. How else could they peacefully but forcefully protest?
Y'all love free speech but hate when it's used against your beliefs. Stop furthering YOUR agenda and listen to your constituents for once
As opposed to criticizing the protestors you might want to hear their message. Listen. Please listen.
Why wouldn't anyone be surprised you would take offense with a respectful, non-disruptive protest but delight in @POTUS' threats to press
Pence is a hateful bigot  #1stAmendment #PeacefulProtest Respect is earned not freely given to the undeserving StandForAmerica or BeVotedOut
pence  "deserves" NOTHING! The American people deserve far better than trump, Pence, &  now we can add YOU to the list.
Thank u again sen cotton for being fair to this admin that is being assaulted and saying no to party politics and the Dem witch hunt.
Pence has expressed a hateful, bigoted attitude toward the beliefs and rights of many of those students. They did the right thing
Nope u are a Liar. And u hate our constitution namely our freedom. #1A #2A #4A. Your criminal pall Hillary has a very hard road ahead.
You don't get it The walkout was not about freedom of speech People do not like what is going on. The WH AND the GOP legislature
As per usual, you've completely missed the point. The walkouts were a statement of freedom of speech. They gave Pence the respect he is due.
His speech was political end of story what grad wants that on 1 of The happiest days of their lives Pence is in deep with Russia scandal
You do realize that these students were exercising their right to freedom of speech by leaving, right?

I'm sure you're outraged. You and the VP are both poor, bruised snowflakes. Oh. And you're also a traitor, Tehran Tom!
VP's CREDIBILITY is being investigated, Naive fellow making trips of REASSURANCE His cred's are Blown up on these trips.
No pence does not "deserve" better. Y? Because he's VP? Good on those students, to peacefully express that pence's values are not theirs.
They were expressing their 1A right... I think they understand the amendment just fine. Stop whining.
It's always amazing to me how much Republicans HATE when others use their constitutional rights!
Pence has targeted the civil rights of LGBT US citizens & supported an unconstitutional ban of religious minorities. He deserves no respect!
Your own disrespect is staggering. Remember when you went behind the presidents back? How is it on your high horse?

The epitome of disrespect.  Hypocrisy, they name is cotton.
"No one cares what you think because you are a fake, and you know what I mean, Tom," she said gayly.
Notre Dame students joined a long tradition of university students peacefully protesting, actions can speak louder than words. #LGBTQ
Why were you disrespectful towards Cassandra Butts? You should be ashamed of yourself.
it's called peaceful protest. It's something people with balls do.
Respect is earned, not granted. Those grads aren't children, they're educated adults. You'd be wise to take heed, they're right behind you.
They were exhibiting free speech dummy 
Senator,they paid big $ to attend school,they can nonviolently protest and walk out of their own grad ceremony if they want.He still spoke..
Proud of the ND students speaking out when our reps and Senators won't.  Apparently only young have backbone
And why are you even talking about this?   Catholic? ND alum? Conscience?
This is the epitome of free speech. Free speech goes both ways--you're free to say it, but you're not free from criticism for saying it.
Nobody wants to listen to a man who calls his wife Mother, and is the worst kind of religious nut.
You are soooooo wrong. The student's believe in human rights-Pence
supports the travel ban ,among other hateful things -thank you STUDENTS
I admire those students, Kudo's to the students, they just didn't want to listen to a racist. FYI - I didn't vote 4 u n NEVER will
So you are being intolerant of intolerance?  Hypocrite
Pence literally killed Indianans by causing a huge HIV outbreak.  He deserved to be booed and chased off stage.
American people deserve better treatment from @VP. His misogyny and LBGT bigotry is unacceptable. A walk out is the best he could expect.
Seems like an adult response-every action gets a reaction Pence has a right to his beliefs just as the children who walked out do-freedom-
They aren't who need to hear it, apparently you are. They were exercising their right to free speech & protest by quietly walking out.
He should expect better treatment from @realDonaldTrump
What a disaster
They had every right to walk away from someone with a hateful history. Good for them. You can't silence love, Tom, as much as you'd like to.
I'm pretty sure they understand free speech. That's why protests can happen
I would have left cause you politicians are nothing but political party ass kissers. U put party before people and weak to stand up 2 them
Here's every post by Tom @SenTomCotton ; My statement on XXXXXXXX (hitches his wagon to Trump).  "My statement"  You're not important dude.
If he can not stand the heat get out of the kitchen
Quick get the VP a safe place. Conservatives are the real snowflakes
These students exercised their right of free speech metaphorically by walking out. Had they shouted Pence down then you'd have an argument.
Only thing that could top walking out on Pence would be you being ejected from Razorback Stadium filled w/all the Arkansans you've screwed.
https://xkcd.com/1357/ 
Pence is a crook bigot and traitor. He belongs in jail. What are you thinking Cotton?
Free speech includes speaking out against the VP if they so desire.
The First Amendment does not grant the speaker a captive audience.
Respect is earned not given!  It would serve Trump and Pence well to remember that!
I am glad that students had the courage to demonstrate their dislike of the VP. Pence is a traitor, VP aside. He has lied.
He got what he deserved. The people spoke and you should listen.
Pence has practiced & promotes a worldview that is counter to the message of Notre Dame & the @Pontifex . He knew this, he spoke anyway.
Really? We have a heroin epidemic in this country that is killing people and leaving innocent children orphans. Spend your time better.
Funny how Tom thinks it's only free speech until someone criticizes Israel. He is the ultimate special interest puppet.
These students also represent those of us that will vote and campaign against you in 2020 Senator.
Funny that you only think people have the right to protest when you don't like the person they are protesting!
"Way to go graduates! Walking out on Pence!" was not what I expected you to say.
Yeah, shame on those kids for exercising their right to peacefully protest. They really need to learn about freedom of speech...
The people often people of America deserve better
Pence calls his wife mother. Like in front of company at a dinner party. Mother, whose china is this? WHAT IS THAT MIKE?
It's a shame you just got re-elected because not I have to ask you questions for next 5.5 years that you're too #cowardly to respond to.
Like why are you supporting an unethical President? Are you also unethical? Do you agree with the tax 50% + cuts proposed for businesses?
From 35% to 15% hmm let's see who will benefit most from that?  it's on the tip of my tongue... Oh! TRUMP and the 1%
Anything Mr. Cotton?
Agree, erosion of self-respect and respect for others even when we disagree.  Left ignores and dismisses when you don't agree with them.
You are not there to critize citizens, you are there to represent us, do you goddamn job, we are the boss not you, do your job or get out
they were doing what u should of done a long time ago.
As I recall, you & your Repub colleagues CHEERED Notre Dame students protesting Biden's speech. Hypocrites. BOTH exercised 1st amend rights
Wait,  freedom of speech means we HAVE to sit there and listen? No,  wait,  that's not what freedom of speech means...
http://www.alternet.org/news-amp-politics/10-horrifying-facts-about-gop-senator-tom-cotton ….
Yes Nothing says more about Freedom Of Speech- like LYING TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE-like @VP has been doing regularly- What you didn't notice?
Free Speech doesn't require anyone to listen.
Pence keeps lying to the American people and is complicit in the White House's endless corruption. He has earned no one's respect! #MAGA
I would like a reply from u about Ivanka'a charity receiving 100 million in charity donations from Saudi Arabia after arms deal!!
We Hoosiers are happy he's not in Indiana destroying public education, promoting bigotry, privatizing prisons. Sadly, he's doing it to all
I applaud the students' non-violent protest.  Freedom of speech goes both ways. Pence has archaic stances on many issues-walkout deserved.
You think there would be more respect. It isnt like committing seditious acts writing foreign Govs that a Senator wouldn't support US policy
You are upset as you support the hate & racism Pence represents. You can't stand Constitutionally protect rights. You serve Israel over US
I think Pence got exactly what he deserved. GOP is very dishonest.
What you in Washington forget is that you work for us. We don't owe you any fielty just because of the title on your business card.
Again, no one gives a shit! You can take your "statements" and place them where the sun doesn't shine. Have another townhall!
Walking out was/is an act of free speech.
Hang tough sir. If you can survive and fight in Afghanistan you can fight in DC. I'm with you brother.
This is a priority for you? There's nothing else more pressing?  

Freedom of speech also allows people to refuse to listen to someone.
Oh get out with that. The students exercised THEIR rights, and as a senator I'd expect your awareness of COTUS rights to be a little savvier
So their freedom of expression is worth less than @VP's freedom of speech? Typical double-talk. Can you just keep your nose out of this?
They have the right to dissent, don't they? Or only if they agree with racism and bigotry will they be "real americans" shame on you
I applaud them for standing up for their beliefs. These are voters, soldiers, workers and you diminish their agency??
