Another RINO, but it doesn't matter. The GOP is dying.
@RepJasonSmith @McCaskillOffice please cosponsor #HR392 #S281. We are legally here, tax paying and law abiding please help us
Is the problem the immigrant or the corporation?
That statement is incorrect. Trump does NOT understanding anything about our system & ur RACIST ACT will NOT improve wages! Stop lying 
Stop being ignorant. Spilling low wage illegal immigrants into the workforce lowers wages. Supply and demand, basic stuff.
H1B is a temporary work visa, to be issued only  when skilled Americans are not available to do the work. It's time to send most back!
Americans are lazy and stupid if they can’t win a job interview against a foreigner who barely speaks English. In that case you fail at life
So, you're saying your white supremacy trumps a) unfit/crazy DonnieDaycare b) conspiracy & quid pro quo w/Russia c) decency & US values?
Stand with our president!  Republicans need to get it together and progress shown!
you should apply for a job on Fox and Friends or Hanninty. You make such a good boot licker. I think you missed your calling
That will open up all of the jobs picking fruit. Thank goodness, I was so worried.
Let's talk about YOUR principles. YOU stand w/a man who has no morals, no ethics, no honor, no integrity. Dark days in humanity right now.
YES! Thank you.
You’re going to be unemployed in 2018 Tom. Enjoy your last year as a congressional stooge.
Why don’t you tell your president to stop using cheap foreign labor at his clubs?  Stop making his cheap shit in China? You’re a hypocrite.
You are so wrong!
Yeah, so many americans struggling to get the fruit picking jobs from the immigrants.
@KapoIrani

If @SenTimCotton can’t put the well-being of US ahead of the ego of unstable con-artist Trump, then he needs to resign. https://twitter.com/politico/status/917468233627783168 …
You swore oath to serve Arkansas, not subvert Iran deal. How's that $960,250 from Emergency Committee for Israel treatin' ya'? #Hypocrite
Psst.Tom. Might want to get on the Corker express while there is still time. The tDrumpf train is heading for a wall. And it's not at border
Melodious, ya' got seven long years of this glorious presidency! Buckle up, Buttercup!
So, are you in for the white supremacy or the tax cuts?


Please address rampant work visa program misuse problem that displaces skilled American workers & takes jobs coveted by American workers.
Worst aspect of working w American workers in rust belt or oil/gas areas is their rampant addiction to heroin, meth etc. worthless workers
Heartless Destructive Cruel
god you're just so awful
@freedomcaucus @VP @RepMarkMeadows let’s get it done 
Someone ought to tell ppl in congress we voted against illegal immigration a wall and no amnesty rewarding 4 law breaking .Dems want voters
More of us voted against all that. We do not want a wall. We want to protect our immigration laws and we need to secure our vetting
AMERICANS DON'T OWE ILLEGAL ALIENS A DAMN THING! #DeportThemAll NO COMPROMISING ON #AmericaFirst
Your viewpoints are pointless. You're nothing but a traitor to America. Undermining Trumps National Security Advisers.
So, will Trump's own properties start hiring Americans instead of cheaply-paid immigrants, or is this a "do as I say not as I do" policy?
keep up the great work! Also thanks for your strong support of Israel.
Who is more likely to take YOUR job? A Latino migrant with no HS diploma? or a Norwegian With 2 Masters Degrees who speaks 4 languages?
You guys have to understand that Cotton isn't going to protect us. Or any American. He has Trump's ear about Iran. He's worse than Trump.
Immigrants get jobs, not because they work for less, but because they show up EVERY SINGLE DAY. Americans w/ minimal Ed or Qual? Not so much
@SenTomCotton think backlog issue before RAISE Act
Willing to hold the DACA kids as hostages! What a sick bastard! No humanity at all. Shameful behavior for a US Senator but expected.
Stop kissing Trumps butt Tom. Its degrading even for you.
U r an enabler for Trump’s racist policies. U should be ashamed becuz u know he’s not fit 4 ofc. Yet u put politics b4 country. Shameful!
Shameful to tie robust immigration reform to DACA kids. Morally wrong.
You are totally wrong about immigration keeping the wages of American workers down.
YOUR JOB-"support and defend the Constitution and laws of the United States of America against all enemies, foreign and domestic;" DEFEND US
@HouseGOP must STAND UP while we still have time! DEFEND NOW!
#CountryFirst or be assigned #CowardlyGOPComplicit
Be brave, retweet to GOP
What is the real problem is CEOs got super filthy wealthy instead of raising up their work force.
@SenTomCottonWant to cut immigration by almost half. Hurts high tech, hotel and agriculture. And doesn't think trump is racist
U are grossly out of touch with reality on the ground about this issue.  Ppl in America think there are jobs beneath them now & won't work
....no one--not even prisoners (who the farmer hoped would want a day out in the sunshine--would do the work).  Family farms out of biz.
I used to like you.  You need to go watch the VICE News segment of what happened in Alabama when migrant workers were forced out....
You have shown your true colors. You've been bought and bribed by your Moron Leader. You work for us not that Dotard.
You have proven to put trump ahead of the people,you remind me of smithers on the simpsons & trump is burns. You're destroying ur career.
I do wonder why there is such a bottleneck in the Senate. The house has passed many laws and the Senate very few. Pass Kate's Law now

Seen Cotton As a fellow Arkansas resident I totally agree with your stance. I am not aginst immigration just do it legally.
He says these conditions are nonnegotiable I hope he means it.
Just to be clear.. Trump plan is reAlity tv WWIII-- and you are okay with that. Good to know. #fxxxingmoron
Stand up for President Donald J. Trump. Help put a stop to the leftist bull that is trying to bring him down. Fire Mueller!
#PassTheRaiseAct 
Trump shows no understanding of anything but hatred and bullying. Shame on you.
Got to get fix for anchor babies in there!
Please stop u are an embarrassment for the state and mankind as a whole! Who made you immigration dictator?
How do you justify an ineffective glass wall? You are a sell-out!
Last summer our town was over run with Mexicans. Since Trump is in charge we have a whole lot less. It freed up jobs for legal citizens.
...because they recognise Trumps Disorders for what they are, You'll find more speaking truth as Senator Corker has. Waken Tom.
You'll stand for a long time Tom. and do not represent majority of a three way split in congress. You seem a little dim from other senators.
To the lone dissenter of the Corker amendment (read Iran "deal")

 ("consensus is the abdication of leadership")

GBY TC

Thx 4 the courage
Would be a nice step to stop calling it Obamacare, call it something else. Makes it into heated debate instead of rational discussion.
I know this is your passion issue, but why on earth is congress ignoring CSR issue? For political win if Obamacare falters? Outrageous.
How many immigrants in your state?
Congress doesn't work for Trump.  Congress is 1 of 3 branches of govt (Legislative, Judicial, Executive) and works for us & the constitution
It should be a mix of skill and family.  Families help provide support when things get rough rather than gov.
Your thoughts are inhumane. You're an immigrant too. 
Senator, 1000s of #H1B visa workers replacing Americans daily. Do we need more of “best and brightest” scam? Merit based will add to insult.
Americans like you are lazy complainers. If u lose your job to a foreigner who barely speaks English you’re a complete failure in life.
Thank you Senator, for supporting my President !
Thanks for sharing. Bless your heart.
Tom Cotton is our future President & America 1st advocate. #MAGA
So, your statement contradicts actual economic study reguarding the immigrant population? Grand. Another charlatan.
Chain migration? Be real Senator, that is a new way of saying “anchor baby.” This is nothing but an attack on those from Latin America.
If you were serious about stopping illegal imm. or raising wages you would support strict penalties for those who profit from their labor.
Meet the demands

Or

Send them back

It's that easy

#MAGA #DACA #dreamers #BuildTheWall
Workers boost the economy. Workers. Let's open the door to education and jobs. You aren't picking the strawberries.
Sorry Mr. Cotton.  Don’t trust anything from this administration.
Thank you for your service and let's not forget #EVerify
Your state, sir...my state, consistently ranks near worst in all metrics.  Educ/health/crime/ect.  Where the hell are your priorities?
He hates Arkansas.
I heard that Congress wants to pass Amnesty. Not only for DACA but for all! No Amnesty for anyone!

Disgrace of All Veterans you don’t represent us! But the NRA ,Arm Dealers and the Special Interests!
Refugee Resettlement needs to be Reformed or Revoked. It is a corrupt, taxpayer abusive program and it cannot stand as is.
We need an INDEFINITE Moratorium on immigration and refugee resettlement until nat'l poverty and unemployment rates are down to one percent.
recent immigrants are more educated than Americans in 26 states @TheEconomist #FactsMatter
So ????
I hope this passes
If they get citizenship then corporations can't take advantage of cheap labor. Trade policies have created a race to the bottom.
Money is free to move but not people. Wealthy professional's jobs are not put in competition. Far from it. Stop blaming the most powerless.
Thank you tell your fellow Republican they will be voted out if they do not support President Trump
Your statement shows your hatred for America and her people, along with your total lack of a conscience or morals.
The swamp is still do deep and there are still wayyyy too many swamp creatures.
Sounds like you are kissing up in the age of kiss ups!
Tom Cotton puckers up and plants a loud kiss on the Trump's pustulent butt.  Cringeworthy..
Who cares what you have to say lol
no amnesty! end DACA! no chain migration! LEGAL skills based immigration only!
Thank god you have brains! We need something. We're not saying dump everyone we're saying everyone goes through the same damn door
thank you @SenTomCotton !!! we need immigration reform!!
Could you please move to SC and replace Graham who wants to continue the immigration flood?
I see on a global level
Sad what ur allowing,when I was driving from Corinth to jackson,they made people believe they where telling me what say,so they could steal
Did u see what I wrote on Stacy Dash FB profile through my FB profile Tim West, @REALStaceyDash
God is tried of the lies,God's wrath is coming
No amnesty. No one should be rewarded for illegally entering the country.

Don't be part of the Traitor-of-Eight.
Excellent
The unbearable whiteness of Cotton 

He’s been sidling up to Trumpy influencing immigration policy

Another white nativist pining to be prez
That's racist

Here r my immigration principles:

No citizenship for DACA recipients - ever.
Parents & extended family deported.
Any past or future crimes, including ID theft, results in immediate deportation.
What small effect it may have affects Americans without a high school degree. To that I say-GOP should stop raping educational budget.
What? What does immigration have to do with the American worker wage system? It has little to no effect.
Economy is undoubtedly important, but it does not supersede safety.  Something the policies of any administration shld make as priority.
It's a shame that politicians don't feel the same same way about American citizens. PUT EDUCATION FIRST!!
I think you statement is SPOT ON, Senator Cotton. I pray its goals can be achieved sooner than later. We cannot wait on this important issue
Headass
The "president" is a terrifying lunatic and you know it. Your silence makes you complicit. The @GOP will never recover #CountryOverParty

This.Is.What.We.Voted.For
Thank you Senator for supporting an immigration plan that puts America and its citizens First! 
Let them in. We all come from families of immigrants
No!!!
Awesome!   #MAGA
Let people immigrate here, but let them do it *legally*. Illegal immigrants are a burden.
Actually they contribute a lot to the economy, but whatevs...
You are making deals with the devil
