Come to Ft Smith. I'll give you a tour of OK Foods or any Tyson plant- the white employees are mangement not on packing floor.
Raising the minimum wage, investing in education and training is how to raise wages. This bill is a disgusting attempt to pander to Trump.
You may want to research how that min. wage hike has gone in Seattle.
I have.
Interesting.  More jobs to be filled  and fewer unskilled immigrants willing to work for low pay would result in employers inc. wages.
Seems like the RAISE act would facilitate this process.
It's not the legal immigrants impacting wages in most sectors. Construction has been hit by illegal immigration which RAISE doesn't touch.
I can't argue with that.  Why no mandatory e-verify? Maybe that should be a focus.
Unfortunately your understanding of what is needed is elementary and incorrect. Say goodbye to your seat. Pull your head out of the sand.
I respect your service for our country, but what you just put together as immigration bill is quite ignorant....
We won't need to worry about those pesky sweet potato dishes at the holidays! Your bright idea will mean no harvest in the sweltering heat.
Have you been to technical graduate programs and find for yourself that one of the hooks for foreign PhD candidates is being able 2 wrk here
...do you realize we don't have enough young people born in the US to replace retiring baby boomers?...
You said it correctly! There aren't jobs Americans won't do. But there are lots of employers who won't hire Americans to do certain jobs.
Anything but Trump/Russia - right, Tom? This RACIST Act is just a decoy; you are a follower & Arkansas needs a leader. WATCH us vote you out
Why is it racist? because we want immigrants that won't go on welfare as soon as they arrive. Why should ppl be forced to subsidize them!
When explained, I thought what American in their right mind wouldn't see the sense this act makes? # of "right minds" was overestimated. 

you are from Yell Co.  You know better
They have deaf ears sorry wasted time
America stands with you Senator Cotton on Raise Act 
What color is the sky in your "America"? America does not stand with this man.
I'm not sure how I feel about the #RaiseAct but appreciate your remarks on Russia. #accountability
Your proposed immigration policy is heinous.
God, you have no idea what America is, do you? Your head is so far up Trump's, um - you know, you are think it's dark because it's night.
You say that Americans will do low skill jobs but doesn't make it true. Will single Mom in Little Rock move to Cape Cod to work summer?
But it is true go to Department of Labor and it will show Americans do every type of work illegals do and are the majority in those fields
White, English-speaking, straight, Christian, male, ambulatory immigrants only. Right, Tom?
... immigration is about a multitude things, but mainly about making us better.  This is not making us better.
https://www.facebook.com/cnn/posts/10157139145546509 …
You are a bigot who would have prevented my wonderful in laws from coming here.  They became great Americans.  I thought you were a moderate
I'm disappointed in my vote for you & I would call you misguided but you believe this mess.  I only hope our children destroy 45's legacy.
You want 50,000 more illegals at a tax payer cost of 32 million dollars ??? You must go!
@SenTomCotton SHAME ON YOU!! THIS IS XENOPHOBIA, SHAME ON YOU!!!!!!

CONGRESS,SUBPOENA ALL AMERICAN'S WHO VOTED FOR PRESIDENT TRUMP OR STOP RUSSIAN WITCH HUNT
https://twitter.com/Pamela_Moore13/status/892475276269170688 …
You might as well wipe your ass with this plan before you present it to congress because its DOA. Waste of taxpayer money all 4 lord TRUMP
Want a be.
Lies maybe you should pick some Cotton.
it won't pass, and it won't improve wages. Corps have alot of profits but aren't sharing moron
@CNN @FoxNews It's inacurate and wrong to assert that immigrants are taking middle class jobs from Americans.  #FakeNews
You also skirted questions like you are guilty! Your RACIST Act won't pass
Selecting CNN (opposition media) to expound on the adm's intent regarding the RAISE Act serves a greater purpose-OPPORTUNITY TO ERASE DOUBTS
You keep disgracing your office and country.
tell me who he represent ???
stop shining isreali boots . You don't give a shit American
Please bro sit your racist policies down somewhere....  forget about 2020 
Of course we need more tax payers to pay for those things...point is we need more legal immigrants.
Unless you are going to promote families with free childcare, free college education and help with retirement savings.
Without more immigrants eventually we will fall into Japan's demographic trap - more people retired than working.
We need immigrants for their brains, for their youth and to pay into soc security so that I can retire.
You seem to miss a key point - we NEED legal immigration - more of it, not less.

I'm sorry I tried to lesson to this LEADING interview but I couldn't make it through lessening to CNN FAKE NEWS push that they ALWAYS push!!
Spoken by Dems and defended by a good REPUBLICAN TOM COTTON! 
Just vote you out
Can't wait to see who's going to pick the produce, clean the offices, work in kitchens etc for minimum wages. Get a grip Cotton. Reality.
Still - not one word from your office
- @jaketapper - Well done Sen. Cotton.
this will NOT raise wages for americans when many immigra. workers barely mk minimum wage, Americans do NOT  want those  jobs. NO re yr bill
So exactly how does Arkansas benefit from limiting unskilled  immigrant labor Farms, poultry processing, mfg., who benefits?
Will mean stronger possibility for organized labor in those arenas? Isn't that against Koch Bros policy? What's the long game?
Tom, quit touting yourself. Overall , your just not that important. Your focus is misguided at best.
I do not believe a word u say you will have to show us   Words today do not mean 
Bigot
THIS BULLSHIT BILL WILL NEVER PASS.
I'm so sick of the lying Do Nothing @GOP. @SenateMajLdr will be voted out.
It the old guard GOP that are #resisting with the #DemocratParty
Might want to shift your focus a bit. #Kompromat #MuellerTime #PutinsPuppet #25thAmendmentNow
Why wld you waste your time with this fool? He's only going to distort your comments!! @jaketapper
Corrupt Cotton you hear about this yet? Grand Jury gonna get your beloved #Trump traitor
leave  the immigrants alone, how DARE YOU pick on the legal ones as well. We need them, they do not steal jobs from Americans. Plenty 4 all.
Raising wages and immigration workers 2 separate subjects, trump using yr bill to be rid of brown people. This is racist, unAmerican. NO.
many many immigration workers not even paid minimum wage, does trump really think Americans WANT those jobs? They don't.   Pulling yr leg.
When you are done with you DOA bill publicity stunt, American people will be left with more hate and mistrust towards immigrants.
Why is the minimum wage in your state only $8.50/hr?
