I know Americans who graduated skilled & cant get a job due to competing with lower paid immigrants.And their family paid taxes 4 immigrants
Tell that to parents of college grads working in Starbucks who can't get a job due to competition from underpaid foreign IT workers.
Their ignorance and lack of proper education is their worst enemy, not immigrants and minorities.
Read the damned Act, ya nutter.

No one has dug a grave for immigrants.
Did you join him in prayer?
http://politicer.com/senator-perdue-calls-christians-pray-let-obamas-children-fatherless-wife-widow/ …
Karma..God don't like ugly
http://politicer.com/senator-perdue-calls-christians-pray-let-obamas-children-fatherless-wife-widow/ …
GOP is deplorable! Grandstanding racists.
http://politicer.com/senator-perdue-calls-christians-pray-let-obamas-children-fatherless-wife-widow/ …
It's stupid

Narrow-mindedness will only get you as far as Nowhere, and once you're there, you are lost forever.
Why would you have trump endorse your plan?
https://twitter.com/RSHastingsIV/status/892794069620973568 …
Lying to your constituents.. Immigration doesn't push wages down, you and @realDonaldTrump busting up unions push wages down  #shameshame
I suggest you 2 learn a little history. As a white middle class Christian-I find you appalling, anti-American, anti-Christian.
The problem is the GOP can't get it done!
Thank you for standing w/ @POTUS Trump & the agenda 'we the people' want... that's we voted for him!
Are you planning on removing the Statue of Liberty?
What a novelty having senators that have not sold their souls for their personal aggrandizement.  God bless you and America!
My grandparents couldn't speak English. My parents could. This lawyer wouldn't be here under your proposed highly discriminatory policy.
Loved it
This is just more mean strutting from the Draft-dodger-in-Chief. It ill suits you, Captain.
Guess you don't care for Americans?
This bill will tear families apart of legal residents and citizens who greatly contribute to the economy. Bye Bye innovation!!! Bad idea!!
Sounds like a racist program to me!
Thank you!
Thank you for being a voice for the middle class and blue collar workers! 50 years my family has been affected by this.
For sure, your ideas of what the USA is and stands for isn't anything like what I believe in. You make me ashamed for our party.
Thank for your work Senator Cotton.
This is a thinly veiled attempt at discrimination; you know it, I know it, everybody knows it. We're wide awake now. None of this will pass!
This so-called 'administration' seriously needs an intervention. Are you ready? Senator? Hello? Hello?

HELLO?
Funny - most of constituents in Arkansas don't have the skills to support themselves
This discourages immigration and splits families. As a high-skilled worker, and american citizen with foreign parents, it affects me greatly
Like all of it-If my ancestors could learn English, so can others. It's a motivational tool that benefits all.
Thank u for the courage to put America first. We want immigrants, but it's all out of control right now.
Ew. Gross. Aren't we developmentally further along than needing to be so racist and stupid.  I am. You apparently aren't. Liars gonna lie.
Get out of Arkansas. You are terrible
Question for dimwitted @sendavidperdue: Who will pick GA crops? Did you learn *nothing* from the last immigration crackdown debacle?!
Immigrants contribute more than just picking crops. They are scientists, teachers, dentists, professors, lawyers, judges etc.
And most immigrants are invariably much nicer and more decent people than the ones trying to keep them out!
Probably the best decision @realDonaldTrump has made since he took office   
Great policy n overdue!!!
Thank you sir! 
@VernBuchanan pls support this Bill, Americans first!
Good for you sir. Glad to see some common sense, courage & action among the many feeble minded in Congress. Glad .@POTUS will lend support!
I've never been more embarrassed by my government.
Great job and the follow up via Stephen Miller was epic! Can't believe I just used the word epic! 
Thank you for standing up to the Democrats and standing up for American citizens!!!
Can't speak English? Deport @FLOTUS
Thank you. Makes good sense to me.

Thank You from daughter of legal immigrant!
Is this What Jesus Would Do.
Good luck getting the "Ruling Class" to vote on it.
I seem to remember it as give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free not give me the rich...
And the president did you forget about him
If you want to raise wages why not raise the minimum wage?
Great job... Thank you!
Thank you Senator!! Please stop low tier H1b Indians coming in and keep country quotas as well. We don't want majority India hold on visas!
Thank you.
#immigrantwhogotthejobdone @sendavidperdue  Know the facts, do your homework http://www.epi.org/publication/immigration-facts/#epi-toc-33 … This bill doesn't make US great.
We NEED this Bill #TheRaiseAct passed!
Thank you for working with ourPOTUS! We Voted for him & the Pubs to make America Great Again! #PromisesKept
How about passing Healthcare and tax reform, wall(all of it not a few feet). Go after treason w/Dems? How bout that?
Let's move forward. No more nonsense. Thank you.
did you forget that this is a land of immigrants? You are probably descended from immigrants! SAD!
This is a disgrace.  You should be embarrassed to sign your name and support this.
Thank You..both..for putting American citizens(taxpayers) workers..first.
By all means let us highlight the rampant racialist ideology of "white privilege".  Are blood tests next?

Republicans: ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS SHOULD COME HERE LEGALLY!!

Also Republicans: We need to reduce legal immigration by 50%.

Seems legit.
Legal immigration is ALREADY very difficult & mostly skill based, which is why we have such a huge illegal immigrant issue. Ppl wait YEARS.
You literally said we should only allow "skilled workers in" in the same argument as "it'll help American workers & taxpayers" HOW??
You "Christian" gents want to slash refugee immigrants & remove the lotto. You gonna push Lady Liberty in the harbor too? SHAME ON YOU.

you claim 2model this on Canada & Australia...try modeling their healthcare system b4 grandstanding about legal immigration
We Americans want immigrants to come in legally that's it, no negotiating this law and we want people who assimilate into USA
Call this what it is - We Only Want White Christian Europeans Act. #AmericanRacism
Your comment shows you are a racist
Thank you first
Should start with our own "legal" Americans that are a burden on the taxpayers before the illegals. Start in the ghetto and work outwards.
He'd be better off starting in his own state. The red states are the ultimate moochers.
Little ironic, standing next to the importer-in-chief of unskilled labor for low wages to work at his very expensive Mar-a-lago resort.
Do you guys never tire of screwing over Americans?
How much do you want to raise food prices to support your racist rampage?
Love the RAISE act. Teump , u, & Perdue please get it done. Total support for Trump & this act.thank you all!
About time.
Because immigrants have never contributed to a strong economy? Your ideology is showing, Cotton.
You suck.
You've basically killed your career with this piece of crap.
Stop exploiting the false fears that American workers have of immigrants taking our jobs and maybe work on improving our education system
Well done. About time
Can you get Donald Trump to not get low waged immigrants to stop working for his Companies?  Who drafted this with you the KKK?
Australia and Canada have similar, stricter versions - are they KKK?
You just keep signing your senate revocation act . AR HATES you Tom.
Thank you! #RaiseAct 
"Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free.” Better take that statue down!
Why? It doesn't say 'ALL' in there anywhere.
Thank you Tom Cotton
Thank You!!
A merit-based immigration system... Another example of unChristian look-out-for-yourself policies. Read the base of Lady Liberty again.
Great job!!
What about the ANCHOR BABY LAW.  When will that be repealed?

I am behind you on RAISEA! All the obstructionist better get on board. Americans are watching!
This is a stupid plan, but then again, most things that come from the GOP are. Can't wait to see this not pass.
Right? Like the entitled bros who dropped out of college & live with their parents are going to work at the chicken plant for min wage #dumb
Now THAT'S the Tom Cotton I've been waiting for!  Cheaper foreign labor has put Americans out of  work for too long.  Not everyone is
college/tech educated. All retail, administrative, service sector jobs belong to foreign wkrs now.  Even USPS recruits Green Card holders.
These are not jobs Americans won't do-these are jobs Americans laid off from. And let us not forget - 3/4 of Americans w/STEM degrees can't
find work in STEM fields, and 1/2 of all IT techs are guest workers.  Foreign labor, illegal and legal, has systematically and pervasively
replaced the American workforce, from crab pickers and the girl behind the perfume counter at Macy's to Silicon Valley employees.
Long term unemployed have had to resort to early SS benefits & cashing out IRA's, Medicaid and Disability just to survive.
No one hires Americans anymore.  Best workers in the world, but not as cheap as foreign labor.
used to be about making a better life.  now it's apparently about how much money they can provide.  good job
Unfortunately the RAISE Act won't help the US IT workers as its focused on keeping out low skilled workers.
Sounds like a good plan.  Kate's Law would also help. When does the Senate take it up
Fabulous. #logic Changes way overdue!
.@SenTomCotton @sendavidperdue It's a vile, racist act that hurts the economy. Your point is to make America whiter, not better.
How will this affect migrant workers vis-à-vis agriculture?
This is a racist and disgusting piece of legislation hopefully Senate doesn't pass you best believe you will hear from our communities #
Please Senator Cotton, We want our country back!!
Move elsewhere and start your own where you can be racist all you want.
There is nothing 'racist' about it.  If that was the case, NO immigrants would be allowed.
Thank-you. Suggestion: numbers need to be cut more w/ faster acceleration -- but get what you can through Congress. #MAGA @realDonaldTrump
What about those who love America? I love America and I'm from Iran but there's no way for me to come to America! it's bad
Then, help to reform your home country. America first for Americans.
Thank you @SenTomCotton finally some common sense reform from Washington.
Thank you sir.. thank you for your work... this is a common sense bill.. so u know the dems will meltdown on this. Stand strong #MAGA
Long overdue!! Thank you senators, this is great news!
You should make the bill retroactive, so we can send you back to Ulster
Thank you @POTUS, Sen Cotton and Sen Perdue. #MAGA
Please make sure this becomes law!!
Thank you for this immigration reform. I'm a Hispanic/American and I fully support your new immigration reform. About time and way overdue.
Are you American or Hispanic?
I know... what an odd question. No need to insult her, tho. Whatevs.
You are totally right!  I just get so frustrated with ignorance.
