
Stephen Miller favors immigrants who speak English. But the 1910 census shows his own great-grandmother couldn't. #oops 
Hey Diana it's 2017. Not 1910. Things change.
He Janice, Regardless of the year his grandmother came, Stephen Miller is a racist and a hypocrite.
Your hate for people is eating you alive. Sad.
Your shameless defense of a anti-immigrant racist while having the word "God" in your profile is what is really sad. I will pray for you.
Your shameless use of namecalling everyone outside of your little clique anti-immigration racists is nothing short of clanging word vomit.
Everyone? learn to count, I called out Stephen Miller then like typical troll shit you try to deflect so I responded
Just like in 3 more days you will attack someone else's character.Just as long as it serves your hate agenda. It's making you a mean person.
Seriously resign. Go to work for Trump and let us get someone to represent Arkansans & quit serving their own self interest.
Last I checked Arkansas is part of the US. He's working hard for every citizen.
Thank you for standing with workers. More on why we need the RAISE Act:

#OPPOSERAISEACT
You haven't said a word against the witch hunt against the president? Unless you stand up and back him I won't vote for you!
I hear Speaking English is a requirement. Now I've heard some of the Trump supporters.... Just saying.


Racists. By definition.
your not moving America in a good direction, this Raise act is NOT who we are. Shame on you
So open YOUR doors so my friends can move in and be supported while you work to pay our way! This IS what you stand for isn't it?
Shows your high level of ignorance as usual! You go pick the crops for our farmers! You just lost their vote!
@SenTomCotton what is your plan for the people who are in immigration line on employment based (EB) category for more than a decade?
This bill is brilliant for Americans!
Cotton, Perdue and @realDonaldTrump should rename their bill, ANPRA: American Nobel Prize Reduction Act.
Since 2000 the median income hasn't changed but housing costs have doubled Debt has passed GDP. Fate sealed in 2014 http://www.usdebtclock.org 
Both median income and real disposable income have increased. Biggest change is transfer from below median to above median.
As for the debt, it's fairly easy to understand : the US have been buying more than they sell for more than 25 years.
You should be discussing the removal if comrade trump! #ImpeachTrump #TeamPatriot   Russia is our enemy! Remove #treasonweasel
does your bill also provide money for taking down the Statue of Liberty since it represents an idealrejected by your bill?
By your theory, I expect to come to YOUR house and have YOU pat the way for me, my friends and my family! You do support that don't you?
don't see how your analogy fits,but i HAVE lobbied my city to sponsor and help refugees. Also have taught several of Sudan's lost children.
LMAO- What a joke lazy Tom
Thank you for all you do! MAYBE we'll FINALLY get something done! FIGHT for US! 
#AmericaFirst #MAGA

Many will debate U.S. to welcome all refugees. Early settler refugees had to live by/on their skills. Fact, we can't welfare all on taxes.
No thanks,  I was busy watching @maddow with @JoyAnnReid followed by @Lawrence. Also they have #higherratings!
So what are you doing trolling here?
Replying to a MoC is not trolling. Isn't it early for you to be out of your cave?
Hey Tommy ?? What country was Your family From?
#comeonman 
#ImmigrantsMakeAmericaGreat 
#immigrantswegetthejobdone
Love it, great program and understand some people may disagree but it is right for our country. We could reduce the H1B and offer green card

Totally agree, let's just make it better :-)
Christians need to speak out against the RAISE Act; closing doors on people who want to come here legally is WRONG.

I'm not surprised by the right's fear mongering tactics.
Fear mongering? How is it fear mongering to state or to address FACTS? Is it fear mongering to tell women to get Pap smears or breast exams?
Sorry, not sorry. You're part of the reason I am no longer a republican @SenTomCotton. You don't care about your constituents!
Good think @FLOTUS got in and got married before you started beating your discrimination drum.
Tom, this in just more bigoted, hate-filled, anti-immigrant legislation! And you, @GOP have repeatedly voted down increases to minimum wage!
Enjoy your last term by the way! Your pockets are full enough sir! Country over party! #TeamPatriot #Resistance
Godspeed
 We need those workers & those tax dollars. Not to mention, this is everything we don't stand for & your closed minds won't change that.
We've become those who favor corporate installed Oligarchies over nation-states. Even Bernie said it lowers wages.
Job well done! Thank you !

Go for it tom and take tuck with you
Common sense to discriminate. These people commenting  are paid like rally goers
Over 50% are on government benefits. That effects every US citizen or is it ok to discriminate against them?
WE need this!  Americans need to stand up for where are tax dollars are being wasted.
Great job Great bill the @HouseGOP @SenateGOP better get this right to the @POTUS desk along with #FullRepealOcare #TaxReform #BuidTheWall

BS
1) We are talking about legal immigrants . I can give list of Legal immigrant who came on immigration based and earn millions by hard word
You do realize there are news outlets that are actually, you know, news, right? And not the fake propaganda barfed up by Fox, right?
Proposal is going NOWHERE! .Just like your career in politics
think of it as max occupancy limits, like at a stadium, everyone wants to get in but only ticketholders allowed. impossible to let all in
Fuck Tom Cotton! He is a racist xenophobe.............white mans last chance to hold onto power!
Boy that was an easy interview. I mean the ?'s asked seem very easy. U need to go ahead & get a tv gig in Fox so we can get a Senator for AR
Thank you Senator Cotton. Why doesn't anyone on the #MSM show our debt clock? It's obvious we need change. http://www.usdebtclock.org 
You may be a Christian, Senator, but you've forgotten who Jesus is.
You just showed who you are and what you aren't sir!
How many GOP RESIST/Progressive members have stated they will not support this?
Love, love, LOVE the bill for merit-based immigration.  Hope you get it through!
The reason they take jobs is because most Americans don't want to work those jobs.
UGH!! Quit embarrassing us!!!
If immigration is based on skill and education, @SenTomCotton should be the first to be deported!

Welcome to the fourth Reich
Vote out the Swamp #realnews
Senator, I have given my prime years 24 - 37 contributing to US economy as a high skilled immigrant, no EAD yet, pls consider my tax credits
@realDonaldTrump needs to talk less and less and less. And stop the lies
OMG @SenTomCotton & @sendavidperdue are traitors going on FOX News - Trump's propaganda connection. Bet he called & rsvp'd a spot for y'all!

Lying to your constituents.. Immigration doesn't push wages down, you and @realDonaldTrump busting up unions push wages down  #shameshame
Your Racist views are on full display. Hint:Standing next to Trump amplified the Racism.
@SenTomCotton, please stop. Stop letting fear be your motivator. Stop using our Senate seat for your personal gain. Just stop, already.
https://youtu.be/0OhrfZHAn6I  #tcot  #RedNationRising #Trump #TheRaiseAct
ICYMI, the American dream hasn't been available to those with only a high school education for a long time, and immigration policy isn't why
Why don't you just wear your racism on your sleeve.. oh wait, you already do
This will help the middle class- great job. It will hurt the big Corp and rich Elite- let's see if congress is really for the people.
Showing who you really are
...and you are working an Trump's DOA immigration nonsense?!
Ur own Republican senators wont even support ur bill! We ALL came as immigrants some generation did ur get asked about English/work skills?!
Dude you got a better chance at going out with Rihanna than getting your bill passed and signed into law. I'll wait to let that marinate 

Narrow-mindedness will only get you as far as Nowhere, and once you're there, you are lost forever.
I can't believe with all the real problems we have you waste time on the racist nonsensical bill. I hope you are voted out of office soon..
racist piglet

http://amp.timeinc.net/time/4503313/immigration-wages-employment-economy-study/ …
White nationalist tv
This isn't going anywhere in the end, but you will be remembered for this, and history will not be kind to you.
What an embarrassment. Keep your hillbilly racist views in the south and secede. We want nothing to do with you. Ruin you own economies.
https://www.musicbusinessworldwide.com/despacito-breaks-time-streaming-records-4-6bn-plays-6-months/ …

you’re a joke, Senator Cotton.
You are a shame for republicans!
Oh no, I am going 2 have 1hard    2! I will be chuckling at ur ignorance all night! Wait, did that idiotic Prez, put u up 2 this? Has2.
Oh God, please help! Give these guys just a thimble full of brains. No make it a 1/2 thimble- so we don't overload them all of a sudden.
People speak more than one language in their homes - AWFUL.  How dare they? In seriousness,  this is obviously racist and ridiculous.
I caught that same remark from @TuckerCarlson. I speak another language (Spanish) in my house. It's not decisive and it's not awful
Merit based? You standing there confirms you being complicit w/ this jackoff! SHAME ON YOU! #coward
Good Job. Common sense rational and reasonable with consideration of American and American 1st.
Good job
Increasing the citizenry is the only way to a unified society We cannot allow marginalized groups to form. Orderly immigration is the answer
Gross
One lesson to learn from Nazism is that a society which does not afford all citizens equal rights is sick. Marginalized groups the infection
If they have an English test, can Trump and Melania pass it?
Lobbyist, lawyers and leftist lunatics 
Are doing their best to hurt America.
Thank u so much for RaiseAct.This is from a naturalized US Citizen of Mexican Heritage.Who loves our country &is why I'm 100% for Raise Act!
The Racist act. Can't wait to vote you out @SenTomCotton

This law as is will create many more problems.
I want to understand how a law like this will prevent ilegal immigration? When a daughter and a mother want to stay together??
Referring to LEGAL immigration,some ppl do enter this country legally. Absolutely they should NOT be admitted if they will be a burden!
I am not talking about ilegal, that's the whole purpose to stay legal. But you know visitor visas have a duration of 6 months.
Senator, I came to US when I was 24, today I am 37 without even EAD after a decade on H1b, Do yearly tax contributions earn credit?
Have you mentioned that relatives according to this law will exclude a daughter and a mother? This make sense at all??
I've been saying this 4 years
Thank you Tom, for being a force for change in DC.
Sen Cotton, you are proposing a law which will separate a son (US citizen) to his parents? Have you tell the public about this ?

If you were suffering I would not help you.
Great job on presenting the Raise bill. I'm all for the bill.
Is this where you are planning to work soon? Because non-English speaking unskilled immigrants will take away your job. Easily.
Thank you for wanting to put legal Americans first, hopefully the Rinos will vote yes for this.
Racist of a feather...
I have been hearing about this new RACIST Act you are part of and you must be proud!
Healthcare and tax cuts before @realDonaldTrump immigration period GOP you're not getting cheap labor without healthcare and tax cuts
Make it happen. New majority leader Cotton?
ICYMI - You suck
Senator, why haven't we heard a peep from Sen. McConnell and Rep. Paul Ryan?
I'd rather gouge my eyes out than to watch another moment of your debauchery.
You spelled racist wrong.
Thank you for this. Much needed.

Can't wait to see it not on fox  #superexcited
Thank you for actually representing the American people, unlike your corrupt and impotent colleagues.
Which race is he discriminating against and how?
Anyone that doesn't look or sound like him. The tip off was his proposed legislation
Which race though?
That's a great deal... but you still need to repeal obamacare!
