Mr. Cotton sir. Please have them respect you, or walk out. Nobody deserves to take the selective outrage. Behind you!
We are his constituents. He needs to answer our questions, rather than running and blocking access.
I agree 100%. Reread. Meaning more Q/A if both sides shared mutual respect.
Both sides need to see we are played against the other.
not going to argue with anybody, but my years on earth, I have attracted more respect by respecting.
I don't have to agree with everybody. There are answers, story after story, ACA is failing. Fact!
ACA is NOT failing. I know because I helped implement it in AR. Yes it needs some revisions
yeah, like the young buying in.
tell me about your values
liberalism is dumb, sure. but aren't the pic ppl part of the country? What's wrong with fat/female/queer/trans people?
hang on, I was just having a conversation. what's with the cruelty?
it's scary to me that when I offered nothing but polite disagreement, you came back with that bizarre screed
where does that rage come from? is it typical of the "family/god/country" perspective?
The people are speaking. Are you listening? #TheResistance
your days are numbered in the Senate. We love ACA and you want destroy the coverage we have!
he wants U 2 have better. ACA is expensive & failing plan. How do U know U won't like it better? U haven't seen it
failing stop watching Fox News! It has cut cost and created jobs!
I don't think I should have 2pay 4 those jobs or someone else's med. bills We work 2hard 4 our money 2 give it away
only 550 lost coverage when united healthcare drop out of the ACA.
how many will lose when Aetna/Coventry, United & others leave next year as they say they are going to?
We need a law to hold our officials accountable for shielding illegal immigrants. Too many are defying the laws on the books.
NIX the Idea of increasing refugees. WE The People Do NOT want that!
man up and go meet your people. Next election cycle I guess no one will "pick cotton".
Just because the left is louder, doesn't mean his voters will abandon him.
we should be tired of right n left it clearly does not work and it leads to more dysfunctional politicians...
it should be about the working class. I'm tired of their petulant behavior
there's no forgiving. I don't care if they replace him with a statue, he must go he proved it's Corp first.
did they mention they all hate you?
yea they were plants
if they were all plants then you would have to admit he has no supporters.
obviously he has supporters...he won!!!
He has lost a lot of them.  And for now...Russia and all.
and that's all "you need to know"
You're an honest fellow and if you were President we would be much better off. Stop blindly supporting the madman in the Oval
I WORK my ins is near $6K/year for 2--NOT$29/month. You represent my fam! THANKS you're great and we appreciate you!!
do your job. What kind insurance do you have? Tom you are so going to be voted out.
Senator u are a traitor to the party, u don't have to live around The vermin. Don't think you'll be immune
Love the fact @SenTomCotton got his ass handed to him! #votehimOUT #GOP #DoYourJob
yeah, I bet his butt will be sore for weeks! He deserved every bit too.
Never Forget 

2018  2020

@SenTomCotton FULLY SUPPORTS Trump and REFUSES an Independent Commission into Russia.
do they have donalds taxes. Hey i saw where china gave donald his patent over saying 1 China. Funny
RESIGN
What kind of insurance do you have? Oh wait, we the people pay for your insurance! #Resistance #Resist
Throw those Agitators out!!!!! What BS.  Those are Liberals!!!!!
Your comment to that woman who asked about her pre-existing condition was DESPICABLE!
Paid for Political HACK,  not for the PEOPLE!
Arkansas people yikes ! Very Rude if people did that when Obama was in there it would be considered racist... just rude
You are finally getting voted out. Hey put up a picture of your uniform quick! Say how you served. Duck and cover Tom!
#katieneedshermeds
NWA? That's neither Ice Cube nor Dr. Dre
good job Senator. I can imagine it's tough, especially w/a bunch of LIBERAL leftist doing nothing more than shouting u down.
I hope that you listened to the people last night. We want better answers from you
You are only some of the people. You do not speak for me. His silent voters back him and always will.
Last night was a joke. Sen I wouldn't give them such a platform anymore. THEY are wrecking USA.
let's talk about your "campaign donations" from DeVos, the other malcontent incompetent you helped Putin place. #doyourjob
you now have a choice.. Will your maker greet  you and tell you to go straight to hell or will he welcome you?
I give you credit for confronting many of your disappointed constituents.  You are not a coward.  DO THE RIGHT THING!
Your behavior at the townhall meeting was unbecoming of an official! Guess the $26,000 you got from DeVos clinched your vote!
Watching your #CottonTownHall rn. I appreciate you turning up. Telling Americans that we're not enemies.
how's your day going?
Proudly serving huh? That lady tore you a new one for threatening to so proudly take away her health insurance...funny...proud
my hometown area and proud of it!
I heard you got roasted by a constituent and urinated on yourself. Wuss!
WHAT KIND OF INSURANCE DO YOU HAVE?!!!!!!!!!!!!
don't listen to baby killers
Elections have consequences,yes. But WE elected Senators to represent THE PEOPLE'S best interest,not party or man,THE PEOPLE.
Thanks to my Senator he braved the storm of OBAMAMITES CLINTONITS potty mouths need to wake up we r here to #MAGA w/LEADERS!
#TweakandkeepACA ACA is NOT failing. Health care and pharmaceutical costs are what you s/b working on
thanks for holding a town hall meeting.  I think you need to do lots of work, but better than @SenSasse & @SenatorFischer
Who in this picture picked up the lunch tab? Oh wait tax payers did. I ran home and ate cereal on my lunch break
You were disrespected horribly at the Springdale Town Hall. I'm sorry this happened. We support you & pray for you.
maybe he should do his job?
Holy smoke. You got owned today.  It was delightful
Someone from CNN just outed you as colluding with Blitzer & Jake Tapper. Along with traitor John McCain and his wife Lindsey.
predictable, expected responses tonight.  Boring, uneducated, and unproductive on their part.  Hang Tough.  #You Got This.
Why can't Americans have the same healthcare Sen. Cotton enjoys?  Sham on Sen. Cotton.  Shame on him for destroying  the ACA.
Tom the idiot.
You really look like a fool at your town hall tonight Sen. Cotton.  You have no clue on the ACA or Donald Trump.  Enabler!!
- you didn't thank YOUR constituents who showed up at your town hall. How come?
you cannot ignore your constituents! Investigate Russia and Trump! Please do the right thing.
you got owned today! Don't forget "you work for us"!
the disaster Town Hall was not your supporters. You took the abuse well, but don't lose sleep concerned. You know your base.
He doesn't just represent his supporters. He represents all Arkansans.
he's sure suppose to represent us all. But I think he only reps his base.
Not a colored in the bunch.
Still smiling after that town hall?
pussy trump puppet.
None of this is some spontaneous uprising! Republicans need to get smart. Moreover, elected w/ an agenda, so implement it.
The CPUSA issued a preemptive blueprint for these national protests/ plans to resist, in SEP 2016 in the event a Rep won
relative of a communist party organiser, who spent years working on N.I. peace process debating these leftists,so get it. .
had occurred in Sweden, and then all pushed the rewrite when video footage exposed their lie. I'm retired Navy and the former
Austrailian and UK leftists groups involved in the open border movement all pushed the lie that Trump claimed a terrorist
means of damage control.They have armies of bloggers, and distribute the party line to rapidly respond & push their propaganda
a different means of communication for awhile. Also, they are fully coordinated with the international left, including their
used it against Milo on on the Bill Maher show. Republicans need to know what they are up against and not give it oxygen.Find
anything, or even being able to compose your thoughts.They are using this techinigue all over, not just in town halls but also
fired 1 unrelated question after another and deliberately staged a hostile atmosphere,while precluding u from fully answering
The technique they used is a military interrogation technique called "rapid fire." It is not designed 2 facilitate any debate
Captain Cotton, you got hit with a highly coordinated leftists mob squad who used you as a platform for their propaganda....
The problem with Betsy DeVos is NOT that the Ed department has too much power. It's that she is incompetent and ideological
It's time for the tea party to reunite and show up to support our conservative congressional members 
no Dept of education doesn't have too much power devos doesn't know public education can't help kids. U voted 4 her. Shame
Mr Cotton I support you and hope the congress fixes the Obamacare diaster soon.
WHAT KIND OF INSURANCE DO YOU HAVE?!?!
Love the fact @SenTomCotton got his ass handed to him! #votehimOUT #GOP #DoYourJob
investigate Trump & the Russians. If you don't then you are part of the cover up. If you do then you've kept your oath.
you're seeing an electorate that knows what you are and they don't like what they see. I am uninsurable without ACA. I vote.
He'll eventually realize voters have turned against him... he's still in the Dtrump honeymoon 
does anyone have video or audio of the college student handing him his pussy...I mean ass?
u should be ashamed of urself. Aligning urself w/ #Trump will cost u in the next election  #Coward
If you cant stand up for constituents you have no business calling yourself a United States Senator! #CottonTownHall #ACA
Tell us about Cassandra Butts
what’s it like to have a soul comprised of dog shit Tom?
.@SenTomCotton She died waiting. Honor #CassandraButts
#CottonTownHall #830days
https://twitter.com/YVSG/status/834571195555184640 …
To your credit, you showed up!  You have earned my respect for that, even tho we disagree immensely.
Vote Republican, Vote Trump and donate to the Republican party or these crazies people will take over your lives.
That townhall was so insane, You have to know those were mostly anti-trump, sore losing democrats. You did a great job
Good job at Town hall obviously a great number of people did not and will not vote for you...I would have walked out!
You are a valued Senator and I along with thousands greatly appreciate the job you are doing.
Clear with >95% party line votes you have put #partyovercountry when it should be #CountryOverParty.  Trump's taxes required!
God bless you for standing in that room w/a bunch of paid rabid animals tonight. #MAGA
great job tonight.  We are with you and @realDonaldTrump
The Oscar for best movie is, Escape townhall staring @SenTomCotton  @HouseGOP and @SenateGOP. They said it took little to no effort.
WHAT KIND OF INSURANCE DO YOU HAVE?! YOURE WELCOME, bc WE PAY FOR IT!!!!
Ur doing great. Thank you
Bless you for putting up with that mess in there. Waste od time.
keep up the great work Sen. MSNBC gave some time, its so rigged against you!keep going the right way
Why are you not letting your constituents in the Town Hall?
Remember when I asked for a letter to help me see my child in Brazil Tom and you did nothing. From Soldier to Soldier you suck
Sure
The mayors from central AR too scary Tom?
MC Ren sure looks different.
