That would mean his actions are bad. Makes sense to me, and contains more truth than he tells. Stop hating America, sirrah.
I love the auto correct typo...it seems you text about wine more than you call someone sir...me too.
I don't use autocorrect. Sirrah is an archaic word suggesting inferiority in the person so addressed. Can also means fool.
well look at that, I'm learning through Twitter. I thought you enjoyed a nice Syrrah. 
Cheers.
Once upon a time, yes. Sober 22 years now. Cheers, Ian.
Congratulations to you sir. I wish you many more.
Why are you an apologist for a draft dodging,Russian tainted traitor?
Translation: Donald Trump lies. A lot. Tom Cotton doesn't care. #russiagate
when we forget history, it repeats itself.
Speech was rehearsed.Guess you missed his paranoid tweet storm this morning?
did you listen Mr cotton. I did. He lies about everything. Why do you believe him? Arent you smarter than the average citizen?
translation from what? Russian?
@z56po You are the Senator of a state where a man can shoot his brother 6 times without being prosecuted, while on probation.
Tell that to the clean water he just destroyed with his EO. The delivery of a speech has nothing to do with it's content!
Beautifully put. EU, Israel tighten water laws...US gets rid of our regulation. How does this make sense? #water
2bad he read it off a teleprompter.Unlike his tweets,those are the mirror of his soul. You remember what a soul is don't you?
LOL. the traitor. the 5th grade sounding 70 y/o idiot did great? he should have watched Sesame St. growing up. he's a failure
.@SenTomCotton He lied,condemned antisemitism but not Islamaphobia,made vague promises,used Navy SEAL widow as prop. Usual Trump shit show
As if a SEAL's widow would allow herself, or her husband's sacrifice as a political prop. You dishonor them both
you are unbelievable.
The "ladies" on the despicable "The View" are blaming Trump for Navy Seal Ryan Owens' death.
what does "The  View" know about military operations?
Trump should nuke the view.
Torture Whoppi 1rst
Senator Cotton, the Dems know his speech was a home run!
NO it wasn't. We hear beyond hollow words. Presidency isn't theatre. We aren't props! Remember that Tom!
@kilmeade I agree.
Vet to vet: if your CO was erratic and compromised,would you trust him with your men's lives?
Nowadays the Democrat are so disgusted with Trump triumphant victories that all they can do is whine and twine over everything
wrong. He proved he can read bigger words.
When are you going to clean out that nest of Russian agents and traitors in WH?  Again, party over country?
Wow!  I've never seen so many hate filled Socialists on one string. Poor children.
so, why did the man Jeff Sessions met w 2x get a front row seat when no allies ambassadors did?
Also worth recalling: Ambassador Kislyak’s front row center seat at Donald Trump’s big foreign policy speech in 2016 https://cftni.org/recent-events/donald-trump-delivers-foreign-policy-speech/ …
did you just admit his actions contradict his "good" speech?! Lol wut 
a career celebrity giving a good performance? Color me not surprised 
Traitor TOM. This is YOUR Last TERM! 72702
Nah. Democrats know Trump can effectively read off of teleprompter. That's all.

Yeah because Killay's woman abusing husband was such a much better example! Give it a rest. 
Kind of like when libs lose an argument they cry race! #hypocritesall
Tom, Not World Wrestlng-real buget a joke for avg Am until post @POTUS 1% have to settle down and pay the price we all pay to
translation: you just admitted his actions don't represent any of the things he said.
@acarlo2706 - I wish the Democrats would Stop, Look and Listen and try to learn something
Thank you for your support! America appreciates you!
zip 72205. Maybe the other side meant the words they said and you're being patronizing, as usual. Hold a town hall in LR.
your translating powers are a good indication for why your words don't match your actions. Keep sucking that corporate johnson
@kilmeade 
The Govener made no sence he contradict himself over and over
to anyone paying attention, his words matched exactly to his actions.
Yes it was. And we would love it if Congress took no more time off til you get your job done. Get Trumps cabinet
@JHaystrand They can't help it their use to The last Adminstration! (Thank You Sir)!
It was amazing!
right on.
it means he had a good speechwriter doing damage control!   He doesn't walk the talk.
@kilmeade Tom Cotton needs to realize it's only day 37; not 8 yrs. It will all get done despite the war waged by the Democrats
@kilmeade Shave the beard
The DEMS acted like they were at a PEP rally for high school basketball game, thumbs down?Boos?Bad calls,so we sulk?
Can a speech be good if the person giving it is actually doing the opposite of what they are promising?
Sorry, Tom. Democrats are not that gullible. He's a wolf in sheep's clothing. Do not follow his example. He'll bring you down.
Why take an unwarranted shot st Democrats?  Don't you represent all the citizens of AR - like you said at town hall?
your translation illustrates one more way you are out of touch with half of your constituents
speech sounded like a speech should sound. Actions still speak louder than words.
They showed their true colors last night!  Not supporting the USA!!
You need to see a doctor about that rotting lump of flesh sitting atop your shoulders. You have good insurance for now, use it
ever hear the phrase "Actions speak louder than words"?
awesome!! You have redeemed your self in my eyes!! I was starting to worry about you 
What? You realize that means absolutely nothing, right? Congrats - your president read from a teleprompter. High bar, there.
Know what else would be good? If YOU would call for an independent investigation into Campaign/Russian ties. #DoYourJob
btw, if you're going to follow in trump's shadow, u should replace the stars and stripes in your pic to the hammer and sickle
democrats know how much trump lied last night.  But all u care about is your party, not america.
Yes, Pres. Trump has made good on his word & promises so far, and yet the Dems fail to recognize or acknowledge it!
I can't believe you are OK with him using a fallen serviceman's widow as a political prop.
I don't see how you arrived at that 'translation'.
exactly
Not even close, twit. Tell trump #ReleaseYourTaxes
He's the same man,his supporters  
"He's not a political type"His speeches are written,edited and approved by him
you will regret your decision to support this lying narcissistic toxic man
dems r so scared of @POTUS because he is checking everything from his promise list...they will be left with nothing to fight..
Translation unlike you traitors we hold Trump accountable unlike you who refuse an investigation on Russia/Trump involvement
Speach was good whose word were they
when I saw Tom Brokaw, Chuck Todd, George Stephanopoulos, bash him immediately after speech, I knew he hit it out of the park
VOICE is exactly what Hitler did to Jews.
No, we know someone other than Trump wrote his speech! This was the only time he has appeared sane!
@wittenp 
That's right. Keep it up with the partisan bullshit. Your name will be synonymous with "sell out" and "kleptocrat".
no it means his actions contradict his speech. You think defense number is high enuf? You for slashing at Dept ?
once again, your sole mission is to "gotcha/catch" @realDonaldTrump anyway you can. Were you 1/8th this aggressive vs. Obama?
"we will begin building a Great Wall!And who is paying"????....cricket$$$$$$
You don't listen to the lies at all.
Democrats>the party of sourpusses>poster girl>Pelosi. It's the Party no one should attend. Vote them into oblivion. #Nofundems
If he gave everyone in this country a pizza they would want McDonalds. He deserves a chance to do his job.
you hit the nail on the head!!
please start listening to all you constituents , not just the republican ones. Our voice matters too
Hardly inspiring and Actions speaks louder than words.
So uninspiring the Dow jones hit another record!
and your share of the national debt is about to go through the roof! Enjoy!
Word on the street, Hitler's speeches were good. He was still a bad hombre
I saw you tear up,it's nice to see such love for this country!
No, more like it wasn't as horrible as expected
@BeladonnaRogers 
ie he is a lying pos
You okay with all this new spending and expanding government Tom?
I am insane now
Here @SenTomCotton is where you look like a brat in a sandbox. Embarrasing! All OUR country needs you to act like an adult leader. #Resist
Finally, yes, he gave a good speech...but that DOES NOT erase the past 16 months of division he's been promoting.
If u served during Obama years, why did none of u do anything 2 stop that man? Cowardess?
translation: his actions are despicable. How stupid can you possibly be?
it's crooked not stupid or maybe both
The actions of @realDonaldTrump speak louder than words. #resist
Instead of gloating about a speech, why don't you find a way to keep your constituents from losing healthcare and dying?
Or, it could actually mean his negative actions speak louder than his words. A good speech doesnt equal a good leader.
how much were you paid to say that. Everyone knows your bought.
why won't you investigate him? Why did you deny @RepJerryNadler #ResolutionofInquiry. Are you compromised? #trumprussia
people who aren't brainwashed by him remember EOs that happened before his speech and therefore know it was BULL SHIT
your Base Voters r watching & VOTERS want/need #ACA & Clean Water-Listen 2 your VOTERS & stop playing 2 wants of your DONOR$
4the convenience of Corporations U r allowing trash/chemicals 2b dumped n water which HURTS us all-Base Voters r paying attn
time 4 you 2 pay attn & protect your VOTERS. STOP choosing DONOR$ over ur Base that VOTED 4 you-VOTERS need ACA & clean water
Your debauchery never ceases to amaze me, Tom. Translation: When he's impeached you'll be the Goebells to his Hitler.
You're insane.
pretty much sums it up.
Right, speech contradicts his actions, period! Go ask you town hall constituents
51 lies in 60 minutes is not "good".

President will be defined by his actions in the days to come... important issues matter, speech itself ultimately irrelevant
DID YOU FACT CHECK THAT SPEECH? I'm NOT a democrat by the way, but I DO FACT CHECK!
In reality, after his EO, he then said he wants clean water? After saying generals to blame for Yemen, praised fallen soldier
we know a lot of things, but this isn't one of them....
seriously dude?
Talk is cheap, like most congressional Republicans
are you really this stupid? How did you get elected???
Bing Translate is a terrible translation tool.
Also...did you actually listen to that little boy at your Townhall meeting? You sure should have.
Honestly I don't think so. I think they know pundits are starving for something positive to say so they praised this speech
No. It means we know DJT's speech contradicts his actions because we comprehend the #realfacts of his unAmerican actions.

No  not at all actually 
You need a better translator
Nothing about that speech was good. Nice try.
Ummm, not really. More than 3/4s of it was complete fiction. #TrumpRussia
@realDonaldTrump 's speech and reality have never been introduced and remain strangers.
it follows that you believe a good speech is one that contradicts ones actions. "Good speech" doesn't mean what you think.
Or maybe they just recognized him for the fraud he is?  You can put lipstick on a pig - but underneath it is still a pig.
So do you have an argument proving how Dems are wrong about trump's speech contradicting his actions? Oh…of course you don't.
thinks Donald's speech was good. Translation: @SenTomCotton was dropped on his head as an infant. Repeatedly.
Democrats say Trump’s speech contradict his actions. Translation:Trump’s speech contradict his actions
but a speech is just talk. His actions and the actions of those surrounding him speak much louder.  Quit enabling their hate.
one good speech does not make a good President. Pls do your job for We the People.
Always know how to twist everything.
uhmm..no. He just didn't yell. That's it. Otherwise: same racist Russian tool.
speech was fine..guy making the speech is an evil bastard.
but his actions are still reprehensible. Speech was coherent English. Doesn't mean he's a president.
he has set such a ridiculously low bar so far, that of course this speech will sound good in comparison   He's still a liar.
I think you're right here. Speech was decent. Actions are not decent.
This makes no sense. Why am I not surprised.
Wrong. Try again.
I thought it is was a very solid speexh
- They mean the speech was empty. They mean his actions contradict his words.
democrats acted like ilmannered children! I will NEVER VOTE democratic again! Not representing the USA  NO PAY FOR PIGS!!
The Democrats died last night.
Speech mightve sounded good, but @POTUS is far from it.
Democrats have completely lost touch with reality. It's the anti-American party.
It's more informative 2 listen 2 Fact Checkers, not lies & exaggerations of the ORANGE LIAR IN CHARGE!
'Good' the most ambiguous positive adjective in the English language. Way to Talk without saying anything, You're pathetic.
What the hell were they thinking using a former governor (replaced by GOP gov) for rebuttal?  No Gabbard or Booker? So weak.
We just know he can read a TelePrompTer.
not only was the speech good, the actions in the first 6 wks have been good too.  It's going to get harder for them to ignore
you couldn't me more correct sir. Speech was great. His actions completely contradict that. 
Your analysis is spot on.
Trump speech demonized Islam & Hispanics His rhetoric encourages hate crimes When did the republican become so inhumane
are you being willfully ignorant to the contradiction between his words and his actions?
interesting translation Tom.  U won't mind if I remind u of this tweet when you're unable to deliver, right? #douchebag
first time I heard him speak in complete and coherent sentences. I bet your proud of daddy Trump
Yes. You got a close up at the Address.
Amen brother
no Democrat yelled you lie as republican did, if democrats should respect the office why shouldn't that apply to republicans
racist
Perhaps they were overly influenced by the news coming from some un-named sources... (cough)..CNN, CBS, NBC. 
speeches don't matter actions matter.
by that logic you agree his actions are bad, so, good?
Actions speak louder than words. Speech was his best, but still same rhetoric.
Exactly Both @SenTomCotton and DJT are all talk no action. Talking Head Tom is simply @realDonaldTrump's waterboy. #JointAddress
Seeing Trump act normal brought tears of joy to my eyes. It was as if Jesus had touched him and made the lame man walk.
Or maybe it means that they think his speech contradict his actions? Just spitballing here.

