
Corporate $ will never leave the Democrat party. 30yr Career politician Bernie cant do it, he provides lipservice to monkeys & collects gov$
That must've been some good trump steak last week at dinner w/your masterArkansas Cotton keeps choosing party over country, he needs to go
Obama serving his master #1 sponsor of terror~need another $150 billion of $ on a pallet master? Need me to release more gitmo ISIS solders?
while liberals are drunk on #MSM russian kool-aid..in the meantime #MAGA continues...

http://www.conservapedia.com/Donald_Trump_achievements …
Comey was credible. 100% The only 1 not willing to kiss the POTUS a*s. This cotton guy or whoever he is made a fool of himself. Looked DUMB
you can tell sencotton blew up the alt left fake news propaganda, the trolls come to his twitter and nip at his feet. comey = weak snowflake
U made it to the KKK website. Bravo. I would forbid my child to stand next 2 u. U r a low excuse and don't fake u like the bl guy next to u
I just looked here at KKK site..looks like a terrorist sleeper site
Thank you for your great questions for AG Sessions. So many Senators were outright rude and obnoxious!
Did they get to see you make a mockery of our senate processes today? You are unfit for your job & ur constituents will remember
Thank you for what you said in the hearing today. One of the few adults saying something that mattered.
Yeah, because which spy novels AG Sessions prefers is what's really pressing right now.
Don't recognize sarcasm?? He then asked the question no one had asked. Trolling Republican Twitter pages must be a great job.
Also Delaine, questioning my ability to recognize sarcasm in response to my sarcastic comment, kinda turns your question around on you. FYI
Sen Cotton you are the man who came to dinner. Dinner at the White House seems to have been productive for Trump.
Did u tel thm tht u voted @BetsyDeVosED n 2 her position & she's going to defund PUBLIC Schooling? Bet u didnt!
Mr. Cotton thank you for all you do. You are smart and follow the facts. It's refreshing.
You were an embarressment in the Sessions hearing! What does Trump have on u? Your ready to call it quits. U need 2 lose ur seat in Senate !
How many of them are going to lose medical coverage from the senate trumpcare bill you are building in secret??
#ShowUsTheBill #NoTrumpcare
Your up their with Ted Gowdey on the honesty and real American list. Please give pointers to your colleges that r on wooosy list.
YOU COULD FIND ANY GROWN UPS TO HANG OUT WHO. UR ON THE SAME LEVEL AS A TEENAGER. GO BUILD A FORT.
Just followed you! Thank you for being the voice of reason today.
Keep up your fine work in Congress!  Wish we had congressional members like you in Rhode Island!
Amen!! His name says it all. His ancestors where leading the slaves picking COTTON. I got it now. You make me SICK.

Mr. Cotton, I appreciate you meeting with our great Arkansas students! That means a lot to them and a lot to me that you take time to do it!
You're an absolute source of embarrassment during Sessions' hearing. Shame on you!
Who do you think you work for Cotton? That line of joke questions to Sessions was below your office and intellect . Have some shame
Wanted to say it was awesome to watch you today. You really nailed it! Thank you!
You were amazing today

Neat job today!  NOT. Keep sucking on that cheetoh-colored teat.
Your jokes in the Intel Committee today were PATHETIC.  Everyone will remember what stand you take ...  #TrumpRussia
We know what GOP is doing- taking healthcare from millions of ppl like me- killing ppl- shame on you- stop before it's too late
You unfortunately did not demonstrate any leadership today. disheartening and will be remembered. U R not a true patriot. People over party
You looked like an absolute FOOL at the hearings. James Bond?
How do you feel after making a fool of yourself? History is watching you.
Did you explain to them why you are taking away their healthcare, education and fair lending? Did you explain why you don't have town halls?
Thanks for towing the line for Trump today! Pathetic.
Way to put your party over your country. Great performance there Tommy.
Thank for calling out the investigation for what it is a fictional story. You also showed respect to Jeff, an honorable man
You stated the obvious and the crybabies are throwing temper tantrums on here! Too funny 
Thank you for today-you brought instantaneous sanity
Also, thank you for showing General Sessions the respect he has earned, maybe You could educate your fellow councilman in respect & manners
GREAT JOB today! Thank you for being transparent and telling the patriots of our country what we knew, ZERO evidence.  Class act!
Did you tell the kids that you care about party over their country?
Did you ask them if they like spy novels too? How bout you show some leadership and start taking the #RussiaInvestigation seriously!
Great job today in hearing.  The committee and DEMs don't realize how tired america is of this BS.  Fortify next election and be done
Deport Donald Trump! #tomcottonjackass
You were awesome today!!
Tom Cotton very proud of you with the senate today!
Ty Sen Cotton for your great analogy of the drama at tax payers expense .
I agree. I would die if my child comes home and says that she met this HATEFUL man. He is SICK!! Doesn't love his country ONE BIT!!!
History will note you as either a liar or fool.
You were amazing today !! @jeffsessions
I'm originally from Ar. and people like you are the reason I left
What a loser
What are you so much smarter the n us I guess there was no smaller room session could have met in befor he went in the auditorium partisansh
YOU TOM COTTON ARE A TRAITOR!! INSTEAD OF STAYING ON TASK U DECIDED TO GO AFTER THE DEMS HOW DISCUSTING R U .. ALL THE REPS ARE COMPLICIT
This hearing is a waste if time and money you r questioning the real ag I the reason for hearing keeps shifting what in wrong in DC
Too bad they witnessed a Trump Turd at work vs a leader who values oath taken to serve country. What a shameful example you're setting.
Teach them something you are good at, treason.
Great to hear you speak today!  Hope you retire soon #Trumppuppet

You did such a good job well done we need to hear more You have said what half of the population is saying, very proud of you xx
You gained a fan today Sen. Cotton.  Finally someone who gets it.
That's great Tom but what about Russia? It's not a spy novel or joke 2 Americans who want to keep their democracy @CNN @jaketapper @FoxNews
Busy day Senator.
Do they prefer spy fiction or Jason Bourne?
Keep it up! 
