WE agree, Sen Cotton - It's so good to see common sense back in gov't ! thank you for your continued service to America~
send me your huddled masses yearning to be free
we're not receiving many "yearning to be free" - we're receiving masses of those wishing to diminish our Freedoms
seems we're doing a fine job of diminishing our freedoms right now TBH
You like regulation, that makes you free? You like PC bullshit- that makes you free? You like illegal crime? FREE??
I thank regulation for workplace safety, food safety, air quality.
Over-regulation is not a good thing. I know you can't zip your pants without it .. but we CAN.
remember when dams were unregulated?  That's how we got the Johnstown flood.
The people will have to take your word for it since the public has been left out the decision.  #dictatorship
I'm not a fan of exec orders! The people weren't left out tho. He campaigned on exactly this & they voted him into office.
And 54% of Americans voted against him.  We don't even get to read these orders.  Who knows what he's signing we never see.
Sure no problem.... I've got over 100K tweets since Aug 2009 you are welcome to go through at your leisure.
you're barking up the wrong tree!!! We're both conservatives, that voted for actual conservatives for President.
I didn't vote for Trump or more executive orders. I voted against both.
we both did
Thank you! We need the wall and Americans will help to donate money/time. Trust me.
trump not taking a salary,  he's volunteering,  we need a volunteer sign up form
you know that 'wall' will take 5000 years' worth of pres salary, right?
how is it common sense, how,
Do you have a fence around your home and property. Do you lock your doors at night? Lock your car doors?
Ithe last two should be reguardless of where a person lives.i don't have or need a (cont) http://tl.gd/n_1spil71 
Thank you for your continued service to our country.
Does he have your full support in the voter fraud delusions he is having? How about sends feds to kill blacks in Chicago?
@goofydon1 Thank You for putting American Citizens First! Why is so many have a hard time with this 
@SenJohnMcCain 
@ginah89121 it's his job. 
You're amazing Look forward to your leadership the next 4 yearsThank you #AmericaFirst #USA & our basic needs first @GOP #DC
Thank you @SenTomCotton for being the calm voice of reason in all of the chaos caused by Liberal media and protestors.
when did foreigners get the legal right to enter another country?
Congress needs to back @POTUS or he needs to #draintheswamp #BuildTheWall #ProLife
@LarryT1940 #GreatAmerican #AmericaFirst #BuildThatWall
it seems you support everything Trumpilthinskin does, do not get too comfy in dc senator, we are going to vote you out!
please do, Cotton wouldn't even pass a basic world geography test yet speaks in grandiose terms about world affairs.
:)
@USARising2017 

President George Washington knew that 240 years ago. 
Smart Man and Leader of Men.
All @POTUS is trying to do is to keep us safe. If Obama had done his job this would not have been necessary.
@lovingmykids65 awesome!
@michellewally64 thank you for your service sir!!!
@jessbriis Thanks for showing your spine Senator Cotton!
I sure wish there were more like you! @SenateDems get on board. We The People have spoken and were loud and clear!
I as a voter stand with President Trump @POTUS. He is doing an amazing job so far.
Thank you, sir, and all who stand with you  (of your colleagues).
It's actually not common sense. Building a wall is nonsensical. I really hope you're voted out ASAP.
How is this "nonsensical"?
It is ridiculously impractical and ill-advised. It will be expensive and ineffective.
@debra_bonanno Thank you, Senator Cotton! Wonderful!
you need to pop schumer in the mouth next time. Should have last week. #MAGA
@SenSchumer @CNN @MSNBC @ABC @CBS @nytimes
Ignorant Malcontents Risk America's Security
You damn fools protesting EO This is what you'll have in America.
Chant: "USA You Will Pay, Caliphate On Its Way" 
http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2016/12/uk-muslims-chant-usa-will-pay-caliphate-way-video/ …
@CensoredPatriot seems like Lenin left and Machiavelli stepped in. Why can't we just follow the constitution?
The estimated funding for this wall could be up to $25 billion, and will come from existing federal funds. Not from Mexico.
@POTUS has gotten more done in 3 days than @BarackObama did in 8 yrs!That is a fact!Thanks @SenTomCotton for #HOPE & #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Obama never had an American agenda. He was busy taking care of our enemies.
hope you don't plan on using US tax dollars on the wall Mexico is supposed to pay for. Another Trump lie.
@ReVi_AMERICAN Common Sense
@jessbriis Thanks Senator Cotton. Keep up the good work. And try to talk some sense into your hand wringing fellow Republicans
AMEN! THIS BAN ON REFUGEES, PROTECTS WE THE PEOPLE! AND HAS THIS US ARMY VETS 100% FULL SUPPORT
there goes your future political career, Tom
Thank you @SenTomCotton for standing with @POTUS and backing the American people who voted in support of these policies.
@LarryT1940 
Opinions on tariffs?
you have chosen to be on the wrong side of history
do you support a taxpayer funded border wall? what will be the impact for Arkansas tax payers? http://www.rollcall.com/news/politics/trump-will-order-taxpayer-funds-redirected-border-wall …
1) of course he does 
2) he hasn't a clue
15 of 19 of 9/11 hijackers were Saudis. All 19 hijackers would still be able to get in under this order! What common sense?!
you do not have the full support of your constituents. 
These poor dumbos don't know what they signed up for.
..and you know this because the unicorns tell you or are you clairvoyant? The human thing has ESP?
@debra_bonanno We support you with your support of our President.
@IdentitarianNow An effective vetting program needs to be put in place fast in order to relieve entry restrictions
wish we could clone this @SenTomCotton good man #MAGA
Yes they are. I like the move sending a solid message.
Thank you Sen. Cotton
keep it up and join the fascists. Yu call yourself a Christian? Hypocrat
God Bless You!
- well of course you do.  You sent a treasonous letter to Iran
@pamelava10 THANK YOU FOR STANDING STRONG FOR US ., "WE THE PEOPLE" Come First ,This is AMERICA NOT 3rd WORLD WASTELAND #MAGA
How is it common sense to block immigration with countries none of the 9/11 attackers were from? https://www.bloomberg.com/graphics/2017-trump-immigration-ban-conflict-of-interest/ …
Mine as well. We must do better enforcing stricter immigration and refugee laws in these times.
Absolutely Tom, thank you !
@zamboni5454  Common sense decisions orchestrated by a brilliant patriot POTUS may just save the USA! It's about damn time
Amen Pat!!!
We're behind the Trump adm.   Ignore the leftist fools.
thank God  beginning to wonder if Congress gave a damn about our safety
@hectormorenco A refreshing comment.
Countries banned: Iran Iraq Libya Somalia Yemen Sudan Syria
Countries of 911 hijackers: Saudi Arabia UAE Egypt Lebanon
Where's common sense?
the safety of our country is important and to its citizens I agree common sense..
you do know that all the Iraqis that worked with US forces are going to be murdered by our enemies right?
what do you think that Iraqi translator sitting next to a US soldier is thinking right now?
I would expect no less from you Senator.can't wait for next opportunity to vote you out of office. Trump bootlicker!
That's because you're a xenophobic racist.
Thank you Tom! You make me proud to be an Arkansan
Voters will remember your "Yes, Man" status.  How about you & your GOP ilk absorb the cost of the wall?  Maybe a pay cut?
A lunatic is now running the asylum.  You & your GOP brethren need to act go get him out of that seat.  He's unhinged, inept.
Don't ever try to say you're fiscally conservative if you're willing to cut safety nets but support this effing wall.  #STFU
thank you for having a backbone and representing us so well!
@tvogvo I sure hope you run for President someday Senator....you will have my vote!! 
Then MAKE Congress agree, post names of all those who supported a wall, AMERICANS DESERVE PROTECTION.
And Trump is a liar when he says Mexico will pay for the wall Pls don't take us on the alternative reality train of Trumpland
And you Sir have MY full support, and RESPECT! Congress/Sen #MAGA from a lifetime Republican.
Follow the law,, deny federal dollars to sancuary cities, use those billions to build the wall. Nation of Laws
Can't you introduce a bill to impeach Sen Schumer for not upholding US Law & stating "I stand with immigrants."
how is building a wall helpful for Arkansas!! GOP is suppose to be let the states govern themselves!! Only good for Trump!
You are a fool if you think he has no personal financial gains in building a wall. Putin is Trump's BFF
and you both have the majority of America's support. Thank you for your service, Sir! 
Nothing Trump does makes sense. That makes you a fool. You should be run out of town.
.@SenTomCotton I shake my head in shame at you constantly. I've never had a phone call answered. You're always on TV.
I hope you are happy time for you to leave congress you are putting our country in danger
Senator,way to stand up to that A-Hole Schumer..
You fought the savages you should know #thanksforyourservice
me too Tom!
why not stand up for Christians like you tried to do under the Obama admin. You now leave our brothers & sisters with no hope.
And because Saudis'pay big $s to congress and were home to the 9/11 highjackers means nothing. We are watching!!.
#americanfascist #serialliar
@theleightons327 nice answer to Schumer quip! Bet he's never seen a battle other than Capitol Hill spat in his life!
@CROWENATION2016 

and other people with common sense.
@theleightons327 @SenateGOP needs to revisit that bill to make it law to defund any sanctuary cities instead of policies!
so you are in favor of using taxpayers $ to build #wall? @KNWAnews
@4029news
@KARK
@KATV
@KHTV
They are unconstitutional when you deny people based on religion.
it was Jefferson who said of refugees: "shall the oppressed of the world find no refuge?"
refugees are not the enemy. His ban on them is inhumane.
Then you take the murdering filth Germany and Britain wishes to rid themselves of into your home and wallet.
"murdering filth"  nice. You should pray that we never need help from another country.
ours too as residents of Arkansas
simple minds think alike
just keep doing the right things, and block out the haters ignorant rants.  Great job!  Keep going!!
Why don't you talk to intelligence agencies first and find out where the real Isis people are coming from? Not from Dts list!
A border wall is common sense? #alternativefacts
There is no common sense in them.
Thank you @SenTomCotton for working with like minded leaders to make America safe.
participating in the #destruction of #democracy is not #patriotism. Your constituents are watching you; #America is watching.
Go get those fossils in leadership Senator! We are behind you!
please explain
@Carlapaul18 how could it ever be deemed wrong to simply demand that our laws are followed? Thank you Mr. Cotton, keep on it!
But, of course, you don't supoort the wall enough to actually raise revenue to pay for it.
With what money Mr. Cut Gov Spending?
thank you my senator for standing up for what's right and I'm sure you will let us know when you must disagree
Totally agree!
You're one the guys that got his ass reemed by a Army General for getting involved in a letter to Iran...Traitor Tom is what you're known as
Thank you!!
Not a single Iranian involved in any attack in Europe or US for past 20 +years. This is all politics!  I don't feel any safer!
Perhaps you will consider moving to Iran to feel safer. I am sure many would help you pack.
Passing immigration reform is better and cheaper.

Lmao building a wall is common sense? Wow.
yep, sure is common sense, mexico does on southern border,  Isreal does and many others.The Great Wall in China ring a bell?
good point. México, like many of Israel's neighbors, wants to destroy us; and we def need to prevent any more Mongolian raids.
Need to continue with #AmericaFirst
Especially the Rich ones!!  Hell yes!  Screw the rest!!
stop this
the fact that enforcing the actual law sounds radical to some should show the state we are in .
I applaud your seriousness for enforcing our laws finally!
do you regret the pain you put Cassandra Butts & her family through?
so are @POTUS44 environmental regulations, but evolution seems to have escaped you.
yes sir. Thank you Mr. Cotton
Salute. The Gipper Approves.

Trump's America "Make America Sour Again"
thank God, we need to get more voters here in AR signed up to vote for 2018 and encouraged 4 jobs and growth!!!!
