 God Bless You @SenTomCotton 
Thank you for your service.  America is Grateful 
RESPECT for Sen. Tom Cotton!
Thank you for your service to our country!! I enjoy my freedom everday!! God bless!
Thank you for comment to Schumer.
saw it....so proud of you!
Keep up the pressure Tom Cotton! Great veteran from Arkansas. That's the same for me.
Love the way you did not let Shumer bully you. Standing tall as usual.
I'm with you, but, please shave
Thank-you Senator
Democrats r being ridiculously petty.It's time to get on with business.Dems will lose more seats next election!
Have 24 hour votes if Dems don't vote on nominees. Great move
oh look a traitor!
you delayed a woman till she died... can't wait to see you in hell, I'll be your supervisor/head tormentor...
Sir, Please come to Oregon and show our Republicans how it's done I think they are afraid of the left side HELP
Please read:
I did. Schumer deserved your stern rebuke. He is a do nothing left wing crackpot. Thanks for your service.
Nope.
all the liberals that didn't show up to the inauguration of POTUS and blocking the cabinet ,FIRED
#ThankYou Sir! It's time for Sen.' s to get #aggressive about our #values & us & do it with class like U did.
hope you change your mind on Devos!
Both Enemies of the State
Well said! That's my Senator @SenTomCotton
And because Saudis'pay big $s to congress and were home to the 9/11 highjackers means nothing. We are watching!
Thank you Senator Cotton for all you do for our country!!!  Arkansas is PROUD of you!
Tom Cotton-a great AMERICAN!
get that immigration agenda going
my new fav senator!
keep up the good work!!
you are going far in the GOP
Great response to Schumer! Thank you for your patriotism - we definitely can use more if that!
I don't know how Sen Cotton maintained his composure so unbecoming
I wish there was audio! Lol
Give it with both barrels. He is tooo big for his britches
HOOYAH, Senator! @foxandfriends
Hey Tom " WTF " Cotton, what are you even talking about?
things are moving along as they should

So refreshing to see someone challenge the "old guard" and bureaucracy. Props to you @SenTomCotton . Keep the pressure on! @foxandfriends
You were great Brother, keep it up. We need more folks with balls to stand up to the naysayers. MAGA!
Thank you for serving our country on the battlefields and the Senate, not taking a knee but standing up for us
I'm so proud to call you my senator
fauxnews and the @GOP dishing out http://www.azquotes.com/author/5626-Joseph_Goebbels … style propaganda.
Great interview and I loved the end! Keep fightin' the fight.
Awesome smack down of Lying Chuck yesterday.   Please keep up your good work.
Dead Weight got to go!
On Purpose  #draintheswamp Put Then N Their Place 
God Speed Sir! A true Patriot that us Vets appreciate! Thank you. 
Sen Cotton's response was Great! Thank you for your Service To Our Great Country! God Bless America!
Btw thanks for putting Schumer in his place.
could you find a way to shut down Chuck and Bernie in their tracks?
Thank you Tom for being active in DC, much support from our home in New Blaine.
THANK YOU SEN TOM COTTON!
That's LEGAL immigration, not just "immigration." Very important distinction. #TrumpTrain @realDonaldTrump
love the beard Tom!
Good guy but beard MUST go
Thank you for continuing to serve your country on every level. God bless you!
When you are dealing with Chuck Schumer you are talking to political hack and determined obstructionist to GOP.
Nice Job Senator for putting him in his place.
since I missed it,sorry
I really hope you covered the nomination Process and How it's being Politicized Impuned
Thank you for your service Senator Cotton.
