
yeah, he doesn't understand your racism. I hope he never will. but nice trick using your kid who just wants to "see daddy" for agenda.
Such a low life selfish individual who has no business being a senator
The RAISE Act is a horrible idea and is not what this country is. You can't build a wall around the USA.
Awesome
This is creepy!
Hope you realize this kid's child will face catastrophic environmental destruction due to climate change. What are you gonna do about it?
Just get yourself a big old clue. You ninnies harping on this BS in unrelated tweets is so TIRED
That's just plain "funny" Lizzy. Cliff Harris is a well known Climate change denier with little credibility. https://www.skepticalscience.com/news.php?n=1095&p=3 …
Too bad the little kid that you pose isn't disappointed when it goes nowhere.
Always telling when politicians use their own children to advance their hateful agenda.
.Hateful agenda...? Working to keep jobs for citizens
 rather than pander to #DNCracists.

TRY thinking for yourself !
Frame it however you want, the goals are clear. Critical thinking is a major challenge for you. Another aggrieved racist for Cotton. GFY
.'the goals are clear" to give #AmericanCitizensJobs.

YOU need to look in the mirror!
Lordy you're willfully ignorant. How long have you been suffering with dementia combined with white entitlement?
Trump boot licker; I've lost so much respect for you Tom.
You're doing a great job pushing this issue. So proud of your leadership.
Heartbreaking.
Hope you like barbecue Senator. They are going to grill you for doing the right thing. Good Bill Good Luck God Bless
Indoctrinated by @foxnews - terrible to use your son in this way - your legislation does not represent me as an American #resist #RaiseAct
Probably possesses the same understanding as the majority of the GOP. Of course, he'll grow up ...
Adorable
Sir with this bill you are doing same mistake Clinton done in his h1b reform in 1990s. This could open up to large scale scam by NASSCOM.
I suggest making f-1 a dual intent and giving additional 10 points for those who completed their masters in USA to preclude NASSCOM fraud.
Amen, it about time.
God speed.
How did you get your son to do that?  RAISE is despicable and is going nowhere. Deplorable legislation proposal.
This senator is promoting racism using his own son.
So glad you shave that Abe Lincoln bread I bet your momma was too
Cute little guy.
What score does that kid get?
Дуже класно. Дякую за Вашу роботу!
It doesn't humanize your terrible record
Your bill sucks so bad you need to show a vid of a kid being happy about it? why don't you show a video of the children who are terrified?
Your child is kissing a television
So sweet. We forget how much time our legislatures are away from their families. This RAISE act is worth it. Get legislatures to bring it up
Cute, besides your young child has no idea what the RAISE Act does. However, your consituents do. This should simply be "son loves dad"
You're the man get it done Tom!
Lol!
He's to young to know any better. Give him time.
So your minor son kissing you on tv, shows he supports your 'RACE' Act??   @All100Senators
Thank you Senator Cotton for your stand!Your little boy is precious, we need more Tom Cottons in our country!
Time to vote #TomCotton out. #Arkansas deserves better. America was built on working class immigrants coming here & advancing once here.
Detest cottonswab and john bozeman. Both albatross around state of Arkansas' neck. Career politician and DT wannabe.
Ahwww how sweet is that it makes my day
Would you allow democrats to jump on this bill if they were to add legislation that involved some kind of legalization to the immigrants
Who are already here? With a path to legal residency; not Citezenship?
Thankful for your work on this. Much needed and long overdue  #MAGA #RaiseAct
^5
Adorable! 
That's just depressing.

He's a cutie!!
so we can declare open season on this kid?
Dude. That's weird.
One more white male juvenile supporter for the RAISE Act!
.
.
.
I fixed it for you. #resist
Aw... indoctrination, how sweet!
Awww No that would be the libtard Left!!
Great Bill #TheRaiseAct We NEED this Passed Now!!
Sweet Keep up the fine work, Senator

Cotton loves ignorant Americans
He knows your saving his future and giving him a path to success.
The kid likes cartoons - me too!
So precious. Keep fighting Tom you are not my senator but I wish you were ! Y'all have to lead you just have to

I see he has glasses is he covered under the plan,  or is he someone else that gets thrown under the bus,
The history of immigration to our country is one of EBB & FLOW. We've had 5  DECADES of non-stop TSUNAMI-WAVE FLOW

An ebb is long overdue

look in the mirror there bud
pathetic..
Being told to "kiss daddy" and doing so indicates support for your xenophobic agenda? No wonder you ppl always assume you have the votes.
You guys need to seize the narrative immediately! Don't let this bill die in the senate from obstructionist Dems & pro amnesty GOP.
Kid involved, I will leave that one alone.
You're a better person than me...
@SenTomCotton remember when you were so good at int'l issues that you wrote a unilateral letter to #Iran and they publically laughed at you?
MK, who gives a crap what #Iran thinks. You do? Go live there. Let's see how much crap they will let you say before they box you in a cage
FYI-YOU ARE FULL OF S..T. TRUMPS LACKY ALONG WITH NUNIZ
Adorable!

