Why is the Left obsessed with unskilled labor then complain about low wages.
Flooding our Immigration system with unskilled labor lowers wages. Higher skilled ones do what your Statement says.
Economics 101 tells you flooding the labor market with unskilled people doesn't help.Lowers wages.
Well hell she doesn't speak English
If GOPers in house or senate fight the Raise Act, they're fighting the Will of American Peeps not POTUS & 2018 is coming & will not forget.
Still support waterboarding ? Talk to Joe about that.
it's wrong, and will never become law you are pathetic
isreali prostitut
It sure seems like you side with the worst legislation all too often.
Glad to see you in the forefront and thank you for your service
I am a big fan of Sen. Cotton...but...not enough of a fan to watch Mornin wanna be rock star and his airhead side kick....
Senator Cotton voted against equal pay legislation and the Violence Against Women Act! Go Tommy go.
Check out the correlation between Republican election wins and Opiod prescriptions. Should we correlate the former with the latter?
It's VERY racist! Explain why jobless white friend unwilling work as bank clerk or use his truck to build lawn care business but wants MAGA!
GO SENATOR TOM COTTON GO!
EXPECTED RESPONSE OF RACISTS & BIGOTS!  Thanks, tho, proving your hatred, same as my neighbor #backwards 
Do you understand English? You should tell THAT you to my friend who voted Trump & too lazy to change a doorbell broken for 9 years.
Tell them about the time you wrote a letter to you pen pals in Iran. Is that spy fiction too? Traitor much or just when you are working?
So you voted to take healthcare away from 17 million people. Now you want to make it harder for farmers and hotel and restaurant industry.
Never going to happen Tom, What were you thinking????
Tell them what you think of people who are using Food Stamps! They are addicts? lol you are real winner.
Tom Cotton - the monster from the "Swamp" has emerged, and it is You.
You rock, Sen Cotton. The immigration plan you and Sen Perdue hammered is great! Let's get it passed!
Visit a chicken slaughter house,you will see why immigrants work them and Americans don't. Get in touch.
Why don't we look at educating our own population? Let immigrants have the lower wage jobs. Why make Americans compete for living wage jobs?
Good point!!
This is an EXCELLENT POINT !
Bigot
You blaming Obama for Russian attack was just gross, considering what Trump is doing.
Thanks senator!
Hitching your wagon to the racist-in-chief not a good career move Tom.
This bill is another sham & U were sucked in. How can U stand w/him?
Mr great great grandfather came over from France and only spoke French. Got a job and learned English in that order. So you a fascist much ?
He tell them about the $700,000 you got from Israel. You sure are a weasel.
Tom, pls.be my guest down in NC. We will go on farm visit. Your rational needs some updating. Will also improve your knowledge base.
Enjoyed you on the show!!  Your honest and logical approach is refreshing.
“must speak English” does this mean if the underage Russian hookers in Donnie’s piss tape are speaking only Russian you wont watch?
A brilliant retort. In depth highly researched eloquently spoken by a pathetic lifeform
Oh look! King Orange, is spewing Kremlin talking points again this morning about Congress and sanctions. Run along, comrade!
It's amazing u can pull your lips of Hil liar y's ass long enuf to tweet. Resume licking
shame on you
You came off as foolish
Great proposal- RAISE Act!!
You represent Arkansas...  
The #raise ACT should be renamed the #raceact.  This bill is disgraceful as it is designed to cut brown and black immigration.resist
You are disingenuous at best.Comparing the southern states with the whole http://U.S.is  a joke.It's bigotry period.
immigrants are building roads while the bosses are smoking cigarettes and talking on phones.they do it faster
If congress starts more wars, they should send their family to fight first along with the shills pushing for war.
Ashamed! #ImpeachTrumpNow
Pretty sure Stephen Miller killed any hope of this bill passing with his Norman Bates performance. Anyway, the bill is racist & unAmerican.
Making people speak English to come here? People BORN here, don't speak english, are illiterate but you depend on that. Activate xenophobes.
Immigrants are filling the positions your opiod addicted constituents cannot fill. Imagine 1 of these addicts fly the plane you take home.
The idiocy is astounding. First, several GOP states have actively LOWERED the min. wage. Interested is wages? Right..hahaha
Tom Cotton for POTUS 2024!
These families are our dear friends, the language, the collectivism, they enhance the quality of our lives. Shame on you.
Maybe change the bill to amp up the number of drug treatment specialist you allow in.
They fought in wars and sacrificed much for you and your ancestors. This is how you chose to honor that. Think about a new profession
reality: Arkansas pop 3 mil So Florida alone pop 6 mil tourism elder care ag  other industries need those immigrants 4 economy @jwpetersNYT
what do @SenateGOP @HouseGOP do2 ^ wages of home health care workers? in FL HHC r independent contractors 0 benefits$8-12 hr agency gets $16
Meanwhile back in the red states which are ravaged by drug addiction, 0.000% attention paid to helping them with that.
I am so disappointed in you Senator, my kids have grown up with hardworking, kind families in Springdale AR. You see them as a drain?!
Immigrants built this country, there hard work - extorted most of the times- gave you what you enjoy today
You could possible try to smart immigrate to Canada or Australia i stead of trying to change the basic frabric of America
Despicable  Bill steeped in xenophobia and a unresponsible claim to correlation to wage deflation that is proven wrong year in and year out
When I think of your bill, I think you are saying "you can not become more than that which you already are". That's anti American dream.
DO NOT watch him - but @SenTomCotton will tell the truth
No captain zero points
Who will see it, but the people forced to standing in line at Starbucks
Have never watched Joe but I'm sure FNC will give highlights all day! FN rebroadcasts MSM daily.
http://thehill.com/blogs/congress-blog/foreign-policy/203984-illegal-immigrants-benefit-the-us-economy … @SenTomCotton @Morning_Joe
Go Senator Tom Cotton!
my father come to this country couldn't speak a word of English I'm appalled sick of Donald J Trump GOP crumbling
If you want the Bill 2 actually pass & not just B a dog whistle 2 the base then add  automatic issuance of green cards 4 Dreamers 2 the Bill
Why not compromise on some things with immigration with some of the democrats
the immigrants who are already here. Place them on a path to legal residency; pay taxes. Pay a fine. Comit a serious felony banned for life
This bill will make sure your stain in history will run deep. This is a racist bill orchestrated by a xenophobe. You have a flawed argument
Senator stay away from those freaks.
The Trump's?
You meant the Trumps, not the Trump's and no, MSNBC and the other war mongers.
Biggest problem right now..obama is no longer in the oval..donnie small hands is. Perhaps your energies will be best served reining ...
when ur ancestors arrived to the US,did they speak English or they came with a dream and became a success.
You mean the Statue of Bigotry Act?
An ABSOLUTE disgrace to our country and @GOP for supporting discrimination & not holding @POTUS accountable for corrupt actions w Russia!
Can you..hopefully...seriously stop bashing Obama. I assume a man as allegedly smart as you knows that he is not your country's..
I'm sick of these dont kno how to run a Gov tom cotton blame Pres @BarackObama tom shld not b cong
He truly  is an idiot  surprised he wasn't  fraged
Your immigration stance seems very odd seeing what has happened to Rogers, Ark the past 10 years. You think Americans want to jobs @Tyson?
Would be smart to embrace and have them on your side. Or are your motives a bit more sinister?
Waste of time...no one watches them!  Liberal cheating hacks! #MAGA
The Trump's??
Blaming Obama for the shit show that is America/Russia is a disgrace.#FakePOTUS will endorse yr Immigration bill even if you tell the truth.
You represented yourself, Republicans, @potus, and our country magnificently! Keep fighting for conservative policies that help us all.
Racist policies?
Arkansas  sorry u have tom (trump)cotton  u need to vote him out he's  worthless  like his idol  trumpty  dumpty
Did you just blame Obama for emboldening Putin?!  You did mean to say Putin's boy Trump, right.  And blame yourself for allowing it.
Go after those hiring whom they can get away with paying much less. Not those who come here for a better life, like your ancestors and mine.
Tuned in, and you're a moron if you think Americans will choose menial or manual labor over gov assistance. We've created that culture.
Waste of time speaking to them.
How come Georgia crops have been rotting in the fields after major deportation efforts in 2011? Why didn't Georgians grab those jobs?
Thank you @SenTomCotton for speaking wisdom and statistics. Stay strong & carry on!
who rebuilds after hurricanes?who picks the fruits and farms?whosells flowers,water on the corners?to feed family
GO SENATOR TOM COTTON GO!
Ice cream sales and shark attacks increase at the same time ever year as well. What do you have that shows causality between ur numbers?
Your argument for this bill is not well thought out. You're just using dog whistles to conflate facts, & further a 'poor me' narrative.
Nice tom - blame Obama when the R congress would not come out with bipartisan statements. You are no leader.
You're either ignorant or lying...
Just 2 comment y did @potus get visas 4 low skilled workers 4 his  clubs y not hire #americans second comment I find your bill replusive.
GO SENATOR TOM COTTON GO!
Love your concern for working class Americans. Are you going to also show support for unions and an increase in min wage?
What would YOU KNOW SBOUT WORKING? GO SENATOR TOM COTTON GO!
Thanks for the warning 
ask Trump why he hires immigrants. They work what Americans won't do.contruction they don't take cigarettes break
Morning Joe? 
Caught the tail end, at least they appeared to treat you respectfully
The DOL statistics DO NOT support your statements.  You are opinionated and ignorant,sir!
I hope you read my tweet!
You're the one who is 'emotional' & uninformed. You're just kissing Trump's ass for advancement, & personal monetary gain! #illadvised
There's not a single industry in the country that isn't a majority of American workers? That sounds misleading at best.
After listening to u. U should have stayed home
Release your education records so we can make sure that you didn't get affirmative action for academically inferior Southerners.
Republicans clearly do not know USHistory -Ask the Native American Tribes about what language is "Native" to USA  - such a shame
Your points are absurd. Immigrants built this country. They don't come and take, they come and make us stronger. Racist lies make bad bills.
NOT THE CURRENT WELFARE RECIPIENT IMMIGRANTS. The immigrants that built this country WORKED. Unlike u
The " I Like 50% Mexicans Act"  I bet Tom used to eat tortillas and drink Margaritas until 45 told him it was un-American to have those.
Vile bill you are proposing. Most of America's family would not have made it here w your proposed bill. Nor many veterans either.
GO SENATOR TOM COTTON GO!
Why would you give the 2 most Repugnant people on morning  the Time of Day?
Why do liberals think we have no right to scrutinize who comes here?
Because Liberals are Americans too and we have a right to oppose your xenophobic, backward policies
Be careful..... they aren't on our side! Biased liberals!
Flying Monkey...Trump isn't on their side either...
The " Screw Agriculture Act"
Good luck these people are so clueless @Morning_Joe
So dissapointed to see you standing next to @realDonaldTrump supporting this.  Never thought you were another Stephen Miller. SAD!
Why? Tom Cotton is very smart. He is on Morning Joe trying to educate the liberals. He's a good man
Not so smart if aligning with Stephen Miller.

Why go on a tabloid news show?
Good luck getting a word in. Liberals always talk over what ever point you try to make.
That's a tactic used by the Right! You people always want to blame others for your deplorable behavior
support #RezaPahlavi for regime change in Iran. Iran regime is a threat to middle east.
No thanks.
Everybody is hung up on the must speak English- I'd drop that part just to limit the dogma from the left- now keep it out front and pass it!
Good luck with those weasels
Love 'ya Tom, but cannot watch MessNBC.
