She will be in prison for 7 years, far longer than others convicted of leaking.
coming from someone that is dying to get us into a war?
.@SenTomCotton @noonanjo Petraeus traded secrets for sex and got 2 yrs. Manning was a whistleblower and already served 7. This is compassion
.@joannesmoot @SenTomCotton @noonanjo No — he gave them to his mistress for nookie and a book. Manning saw abuse & wanted to shine light.
.@joannesmoot @SenTomCotton @noonanjo Manning is whistleblower who uncovered abuse. SHE has already paid 7 years. Petraeus? Probation.
How many people died because of Bradley's so called "whistleblowing"? 
It isn't "compassion"! It is disgraceful!
There's an answer to that question and the answer is ZERO. Is it OK now to show compassion? https://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/jul/31/bradley-manning-sentencing-hearing-pentagon …
Guardian that is a reliable source! ^sarcasm^
That explains a lot. Do a little more research.
oh honey, you are no martyr
.@SenTomCotton Please call for clemency for wrongfully convicted. Even his prosecutor calls for his release. #FreeLeonardPeltier @POTUS
MR. Manning gave away troop movements/assets. HE should have been executed as traitor!
We should not confirm any SC justice until Merrick Garland is confirmed. Any attack on Roe vs Wade I take personally.
we ought not treat a traitor like a president.
If The Commander in chief says that due process has taken place, then that's what it is! Get a grip!
Manning is no traitor
You are the Traitor, not investigating the Israeli attack on the USS LIBERTY.
Zionist Traitor!
It's been investigated already. @SenTomCotton @4divots
Same for Dick Cheney outing covert CIA operations.
#americanfascist
I agree with you, but that's not the big problem. The " issue" is what to do with Donald http://Trump.Got  a plan B?
you mean like the PEOTUS begging Russia & Wiki Leaks to hack into our democracy, for which they did? Great job, Comrade
Is it OK if congressmen send letters to foreign leaders telling them that Trump doesn't have support of majority of Americans?
- gomer pile! Do you have a brain?
like we treat Snowden, correct?
he needs to stay right where he is , he seams to like the company of men !
how about what happens to traitors in other countries? They face a firing squad
LGBT status, it seems, excuses treason and sedition. Good to know if you're an aspiring traitor…
Traitor? Didn't you send a letter to Iran to undermine US foreign policy?
Trying to understand, Russians hacking into our election process is bad?  Giving them top secret information is ok?
didn't you backdoor the executive branch with a letter to a foreign country??? #YouShouldKnowAboutTreason
@BarbSabran U #traitor Tom Cotten yur letter to #Iran undermined our @POTUS doing all u can to hurt USA & make us look weak
one name...Trump
remember... Russia, if you're listening.....smfh
barack HUSIEN obama is AMERICA'S worse enemy!!!
The first goal is to save AMERICA! We must ignor and undo everything barack has done that is harmful to America!
But, you're a traitor too! What a hypocrite.
bush cheney Iraq war look how you treat Arkansan
So surely you oppose Trump's appointment of Flynn, whose leak of classified info killed people.
Why does Obama spend so much of his time on #transgenders and freeing terrorist nothing for our #veterans?
Trators need to hang
The old boys club lost a notch in the bedpost. His tears are so tasty.
#GOPTreason for supporting a PEOTUS in Putin's pocket
Really? But you're supporting a man who's attacked the RNC, DNC, FBI, CIA publicly and who called for US citizens to be hacked
Chelsea was found not guilty of treason. Any lawmaker spewing bile otherwise does not care about the public knowing the truth @SenTomCotton
Why is Petraeus not in prison??? Instead he was going to be given a cabinet position! Petraeus betray us!
You are a traitor! They should have thrown you out when you wrote the letter to Iran! Backstabbing your own government!
This is insane. Obama and His cohorts are petulant children smashing things on the floor on their way out just 2 spite Trump.
But your a Traitor so there is that  Don't miss your flight! #KochWhoreCotton #Bought #PaidFor
you're a traitor. How'd you become a millionaire on the salary we pay you? You become more of a hypocrite every time u speak.
Pvt Manning isn't a traitor, but many in the US government are. Are you with the American people or against us?
Why did Chelsea serve time in prison (an all male one at that) but Edward Snowden was sentenced exile to Russia? 
@tvogvo Chelsea my ass
we ought not elect traitors who advocate for punishing whistleblowers to the Senate
Obama is un-American!
there has never been any evidence that what manning did resulted in the deaths of any American military men
unlike you she believes we have a right to know if our military is committing war crime in a foreign nation
you're in favor of corruption, so that makes you a traitor to the public.
There is no respect for military justice.
Chelsea my ass. You're playing along.
Start with the African American community still struggling to fight off racial lines and bigotry @SenTomCotton
When will U understand that Obama hates this country, he's done everything he could to destroy it!
so we should drop them in the sea at an undisclosed location right?
@jasonrapert who is Chelsea manning?  Prosecute Bradley manning in a second trial
But you're OK with Mike Flynn, who leaked classified info IN AFGHANISTAN for Nat. Security Advisor?
- speaking of traitors have you met @realDonaldTrump ? Russian puppet! #PutinPuppet
@OptimisticCon Thank you. Manning should be in prison. I would prefer he be shot, but commuting his sentence is an insult.
and we ought not treat don the con as a president. His rants on twitter are embarrassing
agree wholeheartedly senator. What ur views on Putin and his worshippers?
Tall talk from the guy Gen. Eaton called "mutinous" for trying to sabotage foreign policy with Iran.  @SenTomCotton https://goo.gl/ZmB6Ka 
Hillary did all that. Will Hurt went on the congressional record, personnel on a list in one email were captured and killed.

Bill Keller credited her leak w/helping to spark Arab Spring. It almost certainly prevented extension of Iraq War http://www.salon.com/2011/10/23/wikileaks_cables_and_the_iraq_war/ … https://twitter.com/MMFlint/status/821470875178434560 …
hate to break the news to you, but Manning was not convicted of treason so the "traitor" label is incorrect.
Anyone who "betrayed" the gov't that lied us into Iraq is a hero in my book.
But you're just fine with Russian collusion, wikileaks' assist, and a tainted president? Typical for a partisan hack like you.
Ammunition delivered. Don't blow it...
The American people elected a TRAITOR for "president" we should get use to calling traitors heroes in the US.
Like writing to Iran #traitor
you're a traitor
On this single issue I concur, boo weevil. Expecting #LGBTQaeda to roll out next in #charliewilsonswar ongoing wars vs. Iran?
You had no voice on @Wikileaks during the election,yet now you speak? Hypocrite much?
Obama's middle finger finale for the military will be
pardoning Bergdahl 1/19
Urinating on OUR UCMJ will complete it for him
(from Searcy). Where is your statement on an ACA replacement. Focus on important things.
thank you for your service past and present
.@SenTomCotton @jrc813jr If the US had adequate #whistleblower  protections, we'd not be in this position.
I'm thinking she did Obamas bidding and so is a hero in his eyes and his last chance to deliver her
let me get this right, u support trump correct?
Did Obama consider pardon for Putin as well?
I'm disgusted that you are representing my home state
You should be in jail for #treason. Still writing letters to foreign govts?
2. U have written, please nitwit !
U ppl got bigger problems then commuting a prison sentence. U got DJT coming in under a cloud. No one gives a hoot abut what
@ElliottRHams Traitor?  Are you referring to Obama or Chelsea Manning?
Are you talking about Manning or Trump???
Amen!
Of course, you're treating a traitor like the president. Right, comrade?
You've got a lot of nerve condemning the commutation of a "traitor's" sentence when you just helped elect one! #DJTtaxreturns
@OccamsRazorCuts that was seriously outrageous. Obama is a joke
Bradley Manning
This is a traitor who lied us into a war where 4,500 American lives were lost and 4T dollars wasted.
This is also a traitor who caused the deaths of millions of innocents and four Americans including a US ambassador.
i dont agree with you on this one Senator.

lick my love pump
prison & since our tax dollars paid for that slaughter we have the right to view it & condemn it you simple man.
he released video of u.s. soldiers murdering innocent civilians & shooting at children. They're the ones who should be in
Not worth reading. She's a whistleblower. What have you done lately for the American people?
our families didn't sacrifice themselves for this country to watch you allow our rights to be trampled on in secrecy.
you sit here and pretend to be a patriot while you sat how many years and let our rights be trampled in secrecy.
shame on you mr cotton. How dare you claim to be a patriot of this nation. 4 generations of my family fought and died for usa
And yet you guys sold us out to Russia to get an unfit candidate elected. Spare us the phony patriotism, Foghorn Leghorn.
When I was in Vietnam we were given 90 day wonders to lead us or the officer I watched get 19 of 20 taken out #FreeChelsea
@LonePatFan1 Amen, sir. The traitor, Bradley Manning, should have been executed.
So "Christ-like" of you..
Agreed!
Moreover sir, follow you, @tedcruz & @RandPaul voted for @realDonaldTrump and want @LauriLoveX left in England not in the USA
you're a ghoul
@SpeakerRyan -She served 7 years. Flynn shared info and wasn't properly reprimanded. You're pampering Putin's puppets now.
-How many years did General Petraeus serve? Why aren't you going after him and his Mistress?
Chelsea Manning has done her time, nearly 7 years, longer than the 1 to 3 year convictions of most leak cases.
but your constituents love Julian Assange and Wikileaks who helped spread out the documents.
@MeghanMcCain keep ur eye on the ball Tom. Russia has invaded and set up camp in Trump tower. Wake up.
@MeghanMcCain call Iran lately?
Republicans elected a traitor as president. What is the difference
She's done more to serve our country than the "president" elect.
nobody outside of ur universe bubble cares why u think Tommy
sorry, what u think, not why. I dont give a shit on ur why
I agree with you on 95% of what you tweet, not this. She needs to be free. Seldom do I agree with @POTUS, this time I do
...you see everyone has one! Don't let hrc off the hook!!
@MeghanMcCain As a former CI Soldier and current Nat. Sec. professional, I'm appalled. Absolutely stunned 
OBAMA IS A TRAITOR NOT LOOKING OUT FOR OUR BEST INTERESTS!!!!
We ought not treat the racist junior Senator from Arkansas as someone with credibility on matters of criminal justice.
Two words for ya: Scooter Libby.
why don't you focus on #traitortrumps actions?
I am in rare agreement with you, sir.  Thank you for your service.
Now that's funny coming from you!
@ReaganBattalion 
Hold that thought, when Trump is revealed as Russki agent!
Hey, @SenTomCotton:

Remember this?
Yup, Tom Cotton is a traitor.
The share-on-Facebook button on this page generates an error. my FB Friends need to read your statement.
Arrest Obama!!!
I agree Senator. Obumma loves ILLEGALS. Aliens, traitors, thieves. It his passion
--Sad but Obama enjoys endangering the American people.
I thought you guys love Wikileaks. 
Have you ever read a book on mental health.. or any book. Maybe you should.
when are you writing your next letter to Iran?
and you and the GOP elected one too.
you mean like someone who defends Putin over our intel agencies? You realize how foolish you sound right?
Cotton you can't act so aggrieved at Manning's pardon and yet continue to shower golden praises on Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) 24/7
Are you ready for Gitmo to be handed over to the Cubans?

whistleblowing wrong doing is bad? I think you have it backwards. Traitors are the 1s that had the whistle blown against them
Says the man who wrote letters to hostile foreign governments
1 + is US tax dollars will no longer fund his sex change. He is proof + Trans shouldn't serve #ManningTraitor #ObamaLegacy
.@SenTomCotton Pipe down; Putin made sure .@realDonaldTrump became President & .@GOP/.@FBI KNEW. That makes THEM #Traitors & you with them.
Politicians like @sentomcotton  who defend crimes of war should stay classified are the real traitors of a nation. #ChelseaManning
I think he is doing that so you can realize your hypocrisy, too. It will allow you to grow. PENCE AND TRUMP are not good!!!
Wonder if HE/SHE "Worried" about which bathroom 2 use @FoxNews
settlement and leniency are always worth consideration, whether you like the soldier or not.
Trump is the trader.
All democrat liberals- including Pres.Obama-are hypocrites- they criticize President Trump over fake Russia news & free a spy
TRAITOR TOM TALKING DISGUSTING .
in that case ALL politicians especially those writing letters 2 foreign gov interfering w/ intl security R TREASONOUS TRAITORS
I forgot politicians cannot be prosecuted 4 ANYTHING they say on House/Senate floor while whistleblowers jailed 4 speaking out
