This is just political rhetoric. Sorry your bias blinds you from any meaningful discussion on the best policies for America. Take care.
no discussion with those who support disrespect of troops, their families, veterans.
Obama significantly hurt our readiness…Way too much micromanaging…Our stockpile of ammo is alarmingly low. VA scandal has been demoralizing.
lol. I work with VA. Problems no different from private care.
difference is VA not concerned w in diagnosis/treatment. Private care level determined by bottom line factors
This, and likely similar future acts, started w non stop Russia talking points. It is time to end the conspiracy theories and get to work.
Watch "astounded" Kasich prove Tom Cotton lie. Trump instigated convention flip on Ukraine shows Russia quid pro quo
I nominate Senator Cotton for POTUS 2024!
Thank you for being a wise Senator in DC,  you continue to impress!
Thank you for sharing your wonderful tribute.
Thank you for this, Senator Cotton! Your compassion for our fallen heroes is so appreciated. I am proud of you representing Arkansans!
How did you vote on strengthening background checks for the mentally ill? How will you vote on government support for mental illness?
great job yesterday, too! Someone needed to say it.
Mueller should resign! Too much conflict.
Thank you Senator Cotton for all that you do and for exposing the fraud and hypocrisy of the left.  Please investigate and stop the leaking.
.@SenTomCotton How about you speak on the floor about the President being under investigation for obstruction? How about that?
Well if he did obstruct, comey, Mike Rodgers, and several others are going to jail for perjury from lying under oath that Trump didn't
Hey Tom, how much are you getting paid by big business, so you keep protecting the sexual predator, so you can keep giving them tax breaks?
Are you waiving a Robert Lundlum book. Where's Jason Bourne?
@SenTomCotton, you continuously pull all my heartstrings, every time I listen to your heartfelt words. Blessings, sir!
Thank you for this, Senator Cotton! Your compassion for our fallen heroes is so appreciated. I am proud of you representing Arkansans!
What are you @SpeakerRyan & Reps waiting to align with @realDonaldTrump and fire back liberals and incarcerate @HillaryClinton and her shit
Stop this now.  Enough is enough.  Let's get to the business of US get rid of the investigation. It's too much too long.
Cotton you are Evil.
Hey Tom. How are ya feeling?
Love you you are the voice of the ppl bless you sir we need you so Gods hand is on you too
God bless you sir. I thank you for your service to our country.
WHAT WERE YOU THINKING ON TUESDAY? YOU WANTED TO MAKE A JOKE OUT OF INTERVIEWING SESSIONS? THE JOKE IS ON YOU WHEN YOU DON'T GET REELECTED!!
Thank You Senator
Oh look, Tom Cotton whoring himself out again....
Excellent speech
Dam I wish we had 99 more senators like Tom cotton
Excellent speech Mr. Cotton. I have full confidence your leadership and those in the Senate.  Fight the good fight; keep the faith.
Thank you for having common sense and a brain. There are not many in DC. Can we clone you? We would have a better government.Again Thank You
Help Americans who are hurting not the rich.
Thank you so much for posting this and thank you to all that serve our country. God Bless!
The Media caused this shooting today. Media spreads HATE!
Excellent Senator Cotton. My father also WWII. We owe that Greatest Generation of brave men a huge debt of gratitude for their sacrifice. 
do you want applause?
Awesome Senator Cotton just awesome!!
Thank you
Did you happen to talk about your leaving the Republican Party in order to join the communist party.?
Show me some proof of that BS, or is it Fake News again? Idiots.
Just follow the money.
If certain legislators & journalists hadn't lied about Trump colluding with Russia, there would be no shooting.
Senator Cotton-You make me proud Sir! True Patriot of America and the working man...Arkansas is well served as is the nation!
He needs to stay out of Arkansas and resign. He's playing both sides for a presidential bid.
Hmm they picked a Bernie Sanders supporter to do this horrible act. Is Bernie being set up so he is shut up by the deep state? Interesting!
Tom Cotton for President in 2024!
@SenTomCotton in 2024!
