But how did you like his Klan rally in AZ?
How do you think tonights is going? 
What exactly was the decision you support?
I don't think we can afford to leave right now, but I also concede there's no good options.
Completely different. I think we have to use different arrows in the quiver for each. Stay a bit longer bc Daesh is on the ropes.
There's no good solution. But cutting and running in S Asia right now could really backfire. RU, PAK, and Iran are feasting.
That's why I tweeted this:
FYI: You cannot hide major military efforts/troop levels/etc -- it's a little something called intelligence.
You are a traitor to this county so of course you support the this traitor too! #coward #traitor
He read the TelePrompTer thank God
He gave no real details. What are you supporting
Whatever you do, make sure our soldiers get not only the equipment/weapons they need, but the right ROE so they can complete their mission.
What decision was that? He has no strategy and no commitment.
we love you dude
ironic to have a draft dodger make military decision Its like Nixon "secret plan to end the war" We lost in Vietnam will lose in Afghanistan
He stays on the teleprompter for an entire speech and you wet yourself with glee at the thought of sending more troops to die in vain.
You now own it.
@EuniceTrump His speech was totally devoid of details. Basically, we're going to add some troops and stay the course. Tom=Sad
PRETTY SURE HE IS NOT GOING TO BE ADDING ANY DETAILS... HE IS NOT OBAMA... DAH
We don’t
Chef, how many more years of things that haven't worked out are you willing to do?
Things change. They did in Nov 2016. They will in Afghanistan
We...Okay so what specifically will change in Afghanistan using the same old policies?

Now I know it was the wrong one. How many words did the president use, and how many times did he repeat himself? #ImpeachTrumpPence
Your a fool and you don't get my vote
The President is crazy and your enabling his mad agenda @SenTomCotton grow a spine and fight back.
Thank you senator for standing up for America and representing the great state of Arkansas
Yep. Glad to see trump embracing the winning Afghanistan strategy of the Mongols, the Persians, the British and the soviets.
Do not delete this tweet... let's see how it ages
They call Afghanistan the graveyard of empires for a reason. Trump will be just another minor footnote in Afghan history.
It is true that every great empire that has gone into Afghanistan has disappeared, it is also true that this is a "different" going into
It's literally the exact same thing  that every single nation has done before. They keep adding more troops and the afghans still win.
No more troops is what I heard--- more distance bombing of terrorists
4000 more troops
Who turned our @POTUS @realDonaldTrump into a neocon Warbot?
Kissinger
yell it
Let's see how long you both last. Gonna do everything I can to bring you both down. We have to stop stupidity.
Endless war. Wow look at those unemployment numbers! Military industrial complex. Brilliant
Trump read from a teleprompter...that's all.
That's because you have no SPINE of your own. Sashay away. 2018: outta there.
Al Qaeda? I thought the US was fighting the Taliban?
Any supposed threat is an enemy?
Reads a speech someone else wrote and you think it is a success if he manages to stay in this reality vs the one he usually lives in Low Bar
You better talk to @RandPaul because he doesn't and wants to block it .
I missed the "strong" part.. But of course, so did you Cotton. .you're just mouthing GOP Trump complicit gibberish..
Good.  Now you are going to go back, right? We could use that seat. Will your kids join you this time?  Fucking hawks.
A warmonger who wants more war.

Color me surprised.
His decision?  Lmfao Tommy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Aj4BTK6eDtA … Mr. watch this and weep, we are back to zero, and #Pakistan is at the center of it, get out now, let then kill eachO

Countries helping the Taliban, which America has been fighting for 16 years: Pakistan, Iran, Russia.
You also supported to repeal the affordable care act without a replacement. So sorry.  You do not represent the people of arkansas vt well.
a speech that said nothing specific and keeps us in an endless war.  Great job Tom
2018 can't come quick enough. Bye-bye
U criticized Obama for doing the same thing. what a hypocrite!!!!
Glad you see @POTUS  strategy of partnering with people who truly want to uplift themselves, their families & nations is the right one.
'Course you do - the Forever War is making a ton of money for you people with the connections! Shame about all those dead US service-people.
Thank you Sen Cotton for being a voice of reason
 
I don't think I was watching the same speech. Very vague and ambiguous.
You just don't support a clean repeal of obamacare right Tom
That figures. You're just another neocon whackjob who simply can't get enough war.
Of course you do! longer military presence ... , more money spent... , more into your pocket! that's a basic simple math!
U can't pledge allegiance 2 mentally ill Putin installed 45, destabilize the promise of our Republic, & claim 2 GAF bout  RESIGN @POTUS
No Rules of Engagement should apply.
The president gave a weak speech and you know it. But hey, you can tell yourself whatever lies make you feel better.
Thank you, Sarah.  We know who wrote it.  Not the #fakepresident
Meaning, I just saw the poles and they favor POTUS. So I am with him on this issue.
I agree with others.  Pres Trump provided no clear strategy in his speech and is sending MORE troops to Afghanistan.  What's next?
The bar keeps going lower, he read words prepared 4 him, he did the back stroke n didn't wet pants, #Bravo
More of the same. Basically he said we will be there indefinitely.
So quick to support him and pretty slow to denounce the epic idiocy he displays daily.
What a suckup!
Too bad you can't find the balls to stand with him against McConnell and Ryan.
@POTUS flipped and instead of nation building US will continue to waste $$ on chasing terrorists...another trump lie
1) not his decision generals decisions 2) 16 yrs is long enough bring troops home 3) 45 won't change open your  #impeach45now
There is always a tweet
Do not allow our very stupid leaders to sign a deal that keeps us in Afghanistan through 2024-with all costs by U.S.A.  MAKE AMERICA GREAT!
It would be nice if you supported arkansans for once.

It amazes me that Trump gets credit for reading a speech on a tel-prompter that others wrote articulating a policy others designed.
But it's ok to tell the world our navy is halting operations ??????
More mistakes. we never learn from history. https://www.facebook.com/exposingthetruthmideast/videos/336907453428122/ …
#CensureTrump #Censure
It's the unspecified number of troops being put in harm's way for an unspecified objective who are stepping up to the plate, big time https://twitter.com/foxnews/status/899831073642774528 …
Aaaand what is the plan exactly? He didn't say, he just blabbered on reading the TelePrompTer.
You have no credibility. No one cares what you think.
Name Trump's details, and be specific.
awwwww sweetness and light roll on top of steve
Thank you Senator Cotton
You got what you want. Now REPEAL OBAMACARE AND LOWERTAXES. BUILD THAT WALL
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @washingtonpost
Tom Cotton joins the crowd sniffing the orange butt.
Time GOP get's behind Trump's Agenda FULLY!  We didn't vote for GOP Congress do nothing agenda. Tell fellow Senators STOP "SLOWDOWN STRIKE"!
And so does American people!
Sure #trumpracist #gopracist
Huge difference between strong speech and strong leadership.
Why don't u explain to us exactly what he told us! Let's see-Obama didn't do anything right, but yet he's doing the same thing???!!
Puke.
Sir....Keep Trump Informed...! Tell Him What You Know About Afghanistan!!!!

#AfghanistanIsKey
Israeli shoe shiner   Who do you represent?APAC or APAC or yourself or few others.Not American nor people of Arkansas #cottonnomore #cotton
Cotton not belittling our president?
Fixed it for you
Well u need to get off your high horse and start supporting the person we put in office.u r so corrupt and feeding off the people u r sick
You are kidding half truth and no specifics
You are such a kiss http://up.you  kiss his feet probably
Tom Cotton, one of the honest good guys!
Anything to cover up his failures and criminality. The unbearable White Privilege of Cotton. Won't be sending your kid.
He read a teleprompter, So what. Still the same Obama plan you Did Not support before... He's still a Racist and you are still a coward
#facepalm
Of course you do Cotton Increased troop levels and stepping up the war means more profit for your Defense Industry dirty money backers SHAME
Oh shut up Tom
THANK YOU
We are blessed to have such competent generals advising POTUS.... and REAL American Patriots, like you, kind sir.
Strong as he actually read something that someone wrote for him without going all squirrelly?
He's the man. Great speech!
Sucker.
Troll.
What decision???
A strategy without a strategy, a change without change, a commitment  without a commitment, principled realism without principles or realism
^^David Rothkopf quote^^. Trump defined no mission, nor a way to measure results. His speech aimed to distract from Mueller's investigation.
Yes, please specify. Just exactly what is it you support?
*Crickets*
Send more troops, train more afgans, and stay much longer. Smells like what has been tried for last 16 years.
When Trump said "no you're the puppet" he didn't mean Hillary he meant you.
Dana Perino appears thrilled about it. Oh wait.
It was like the kickoff party for the #Trumpneoconwhitehouse. #WHATAMESS
Support what? A plan? What plan?
So you supported Obama's decision on Afghanistan too?
Yeah, you would & you'll go down with him!
Thank you for backing @POTUS & the America First agenda we voted him in for. #MAGA 
How about supporting some appointments?
Right there with you senator. 
Can you share your definition of strong with us?  I don't think we agree on the meaning of that word.
you'll support ANYTHING the Pres. is for, not loyal, just a KISS ASS.
I thought most 911 hijackers came from saudi Arabia.....wrong?  Or just don't want to talk about it?
The 9/11 terrorists were Saudis.
And that's the whole point isn't it? Why the hell did we ever get into Afghanistan in the first place. Thanks to Bush/Chenny/Satan.
Traitor Tom opens his inane pie hole again.
@realDonaldTrump US in #Afghanistan quagmire b/c of 9/11 (happened b/c of US support 4 Israel) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=95ncn5Q16N4&list=PL3C32560738EF3C30&feature=plpp … #SecDef
He read from a teleprompter. How is that worthy of praise?
If you call tha a strong speech your expectations are not that big.
Yeah right Obama's surge was 30,000 Trump won't even mention # we all know it's under 5,000 and what did he do in Syria? capitulate to PUTIN
The president likely had no idea what he was talking about and he didn't really make a decision, did he
Tom Cotton is one of the few in Washington I trust or believe. He says it like it is. We're tired of the sell-outs in DC. Have some backbone
Strong speech? About what exactly? Emotionally torturing our military families? Projecting less predictability to allies? More buck-passing?
Can you tell @PRyan to either support the president or resign.
But you "gave up on the workers in your state that requested your assistance , by ignoring pleas for help !! Shows a lack in character
Thank you @SenTomCotton
It's the same strategy as Obama's. What r u supporting? That he read like a big boy?
Are u stupid? Obama destroyed opsec. Nothing like telling my fellow soldiers that our president obama announced where we sleep and travel.
I like this tom cotton dude.
What decision? There was no decision. Of course the GOP would support him no matter was he says or does. It's really sickening.
But I really really hope it doesn't involve Eric Prince.
#25thAmendmentNOW #TrumpRussiaTraitor #SeanHannityFakeSpin #TrumpResign
#
Details be damned! So what if he doesn't acknowledge missing Sailors! Who cares if he blocks Vets on Twitter! I support this!!
Translation: Trump read from a teleprompter and let his generals make the policy decisions. He also kept his pants on, so BRAVO!!
How dare you. Shameful.
Then we assume you'll be ready to go over there, right?
What strategy? Please enlighten.
Well, it was a strong speech, but there wasn't much to it except more war, more death, more money, and it will last forever.
Tonight the teleprompter became Presidential 
#resistance
You're a #clown and you've stood with a potus who is a Nazi sympathizer. History will remember you but not in the way you'd want.
It's so neat that his last name is the same substance his spine is composed of.
https://twitter.com/Oooooo_Donna/status/899816948720128000 …
What decision did he make? Oh. It's a secret plan. Yeah. Stellar. I need to breathe into a paper bag and take a nap.
What Decision Tom?? He only said we are staying thats it!!..
He gave 0 details. How much will it cost? What are India and Pak supposed to do about OUR problem in #Afganistan? People will die
Barf
Hey dumbshit he gave no answers.  Guessing Russia has you by the balls too
Tommy what exactly did he decide?
You are white supremacist #TrumpResign
The president read what was put in front of him.  What about his comments about the nazis?
Of course u do! Hold on have you ever been against him?
Wow, surprised that you lick-spittle Repugs can even keep a straight face long enough to tweet this garbage. What's your cut Tommy-boy?
Unlimited numbers and unlimited time is not a policy; you know that. Tonight was about deflection and sounding like he's "presidential."
Bingo
@ReaganBattalion shut up asskisser.
He said nothing other than puff & vagueness
Sure....whatever you think
Talk is cheap.
It's a secret how would you know?
i guess last week never happened in the minds of rep sad party. they deserve to lose elections.
THANK YOU, SENATOR COTTON.
Why don't you give us the details of what he want to do, with his strategies and tactics.
Headline: Republican supports war
Of course you do  hypocrisy alive and well in the GOP
CORRECTION: tonight @realDonaldTrump became #PresidentGeorgeWTrump w/o exit strategy or troop #'s. He now owns every death going forward.
#trumptrash
Big deal he can read from a TelePrompTer
Finally a decision from Sen.Cotton. You've been quiet lately. Since you were getting shot at over there taking the gloves off u support good
Thank you Senator Tom Cotton! It's nice to see at least one senator support him! Knock some sense into those others who want him to fail!
Your lips on Trumps ass.  Nobody's surprised.
#censure #CensureTrump
This was quite a segment from @CNN that will be shared far and wide 
