Meanwhile, be clear that what you are doing, regardless of the "reasons" is playing horrible games with good people's lives. #DACA  #arpx
No he's not. Shameful that u care more about illegals than your own American brother/sister. Would u feed a stranger before your own family?
Unfortunately there are too many people like you who think this is an either or situation. It's not. #DACA ads to America not takes from.
Ya, it adds about 800,000 illegals that we don't need on top of the 11 million we already have.
indivisEureka is a person who likes low wages & Americans out of work. That is clear.
Where are you getting your data from? Hysterical propaganda based on prejudice? Get your facts straight then come talk about this.
There's an estimated 11mill illegals in the US. Fact. Google it. There are 800,000 Dreamers. Fact. Google it.
I wasn't disputing those figures. My last response was to the other account on this thread, about wages.
Removing young people from our country, many of whom haven't known another, is unconscionable. Removing "low skilled" immigrants is idiotic.
Coming illegally into my country is unconscionable. Obama creating this whole mess and blaming DJT is unconscionable.
And, without replacement of DACA, US would lose 700,000 jobs and $60 billion in tax revenue over 10 years.
How about noting how much the cost is to us taxpayers? For the illegal aliens here in our ctry and The Dreamers?
DACA recipients do not qualify for/get federal financial aid, Obamacare, Medicaid, housing choice voucher program, welfare or food stamps.
Really?
Truth.
2/ 41% more gov't benefits then natural/'native' Americans.
So you will continue to do nothing? There is a shortage of workers, so I'm not impressed with your total lack of knowledge on this subject
between 700k employed dreamers taking jobs from Amer. And 87% on US aid doesn't stop encouraging illegal immigrants. 2.4t / yr in Arizona.
Back here in the real world. Dreamers paid 11.6B in taxes. I have jobs all year I cannot fill. More jobs than people. Hmm.
Doesn't mean we break the law and encourage more breaking just to fill jobs for some management
Now they hurt more children and families because they refused to do their jobs?  Two wrongs don't make a right.
And more wrongs don't make rights either or fix anything. Just perpetuates it. At some point laws and needed and to be enforced.
I do not disagree.  Time for Congress to do their job.
Im not concerned about the American jobs that undocumented workers take. We need them here. I AM CONCERNED about H1B visa abuse
I feel sorry that you and some of your colleagues are so hateful. And in turn people hate you. Like you hate others. Sad circle.
#deportTomCotton #deporttrump
Fully support the President on DACA. Why hasn't the 'dreamers' made an attempt tp become citizens ? US provided language & education.  Why ?
Yes!
To stop others you place a deadline/expiration date/etc, so that it doesn't keep happening in the future.
Finally a voice of reason. Please help @POTUS @realDonaldTrump   He needs true conservatives 
No amnesty. Dreamers can never vote.
Rescinding #DACA does not leave #Dreamers in a legal state of limbo.  They were illegals before #DACA and they are illegals after #DACA.
DACA is their path to citizenship. Now that they trusted our government to allow them this path they have had it ripped away.
And before you say something ignorant like they shouldn't have entered illegally, it was their parents who brought them here.
So lets get this straight: when it comes to syrian refugees immigration, POTUS  is sovereign. When it comes to DACA, your hands are tied?
I am in total agreement with your statement.  Kindly push this message during the negotiating process. Thank you
@SenDeanHeller   This is the message to bring to the table!
GOP policies hurt working class; not immigrants or Dreamers. Dems will regain control of house !
You don't represent majority of Arkansans.  You represent the wealthy donors & Republican party. Why aren't Urepresenting all Arkansans?
You sir should run for President!
idiot
Mr. Cotton. What are you going to do about the employers who continue to hire illegals?  They should be fined and or put in Jail for enablig
Thank you for a reasoned approach.
@CBSThisMorning You constantly tout helping American workers (as if you care) but that's just a ploy for deportation  &  deceitful tactics.
How about a humane repatriation program for them & their parents?  Otherwise what happens to the 1.6 m parents? Will we "separate families"?
If they're so great for our country, wouldn't they be fantastic for their own? Like the Student visa prgrm, big chance to help our neighbors
As Promised, Build the Wall...!!! @JohnBoozman
Take a vote. If you want a wall, your taxes increase by 1000.00. Not mine. I don't want a wall.
So, what high "skills" did your Cotton forebears bring to these shores?  Where they PhDs? Landed gentry? CEOs? Royalty? No! #weRallDREAMers
Low skilled ? Many of these ppl are educated and contribute to our economy. Sad, Tom "Watch Me" Cotton. Your inflated ego is exhausting
And those who are here illegally due to O attempt to Kill USA - Your solution?
You are dealing in fear.  Nothing about DACA has created increase in parents/children coming without documents. Stop spreading racist lies

The President is trying to resurrect a national immigration policy defined by racial engineering. http://nyer.cm/LgqCk2m 
Conflating 2 completely different issues to justify this cruel travesty is deplorable. #DACAWorks You are clearly a white supremacist too.
And you (senate and house) won't get anything done.  Just words, no action.  And absolutely no moral compass!! It's disgusting!!!
Republicans sold their souls to the devil to get control of congress to further their agenda, and haven't got shit done.
U should be ashamed of yourself
WE DON'T WANT THEM HERE!!! If they want to come back legally and assimilate and be responsible for themselves great. come legally
If DACA kids want to be angry it should be with their parents..Pres O..told them it was temporary. Regardless. IT'S THE LAW.
You are not a Christian sir.
I want you to get the negotiator in chief to use your plan. It is a fair give and take.
So far with Trump he has been silent. A true leader stands up not down
Tom Cotton is no leader. He is an opportunist who is also afraid of Trump. Remember how he attacked Hillary email issue and Obama policies?
#ThankYou Senator.   #EndDACA
You're a disgrace to the concepts of family values and Christian charity. Your homespun folksy act is just another falsehood.
Unbelievable- so cold hearted! Real leaders care about others! Not you!!
Thanks you for all you do! Thank you for honoring the Constitution and fighting for all that makes America great!
Get those Senators to work Tom. It is almost hunting season here in Arkanasas!
Disgusting. Bigoted. Wrong minded. Politicizing hatred for politician gain.
Way to go and don't back down!
Tom, you need to plan your next career move because we are voting you out. I am ashamed of my former GOP. Voting blue until this stops!
Folks, whether you are Republican or independent we have to vote democrat from county on up, until we neutralize Trump & his cruelty.
You are a deplorable person.
I sat in your office in June and I can't believe you sat there and told us you were going to help the immigration situation when you weren't
gag...
Your position is mean spirited &  wastes the economic promise of dreamers :(
Where did you leave your conscience, sirrah?
Again, so out of touch with your own constituents-those you pander to in D.C. will not be the ones who will seal your fate come re-election.
Oh Tommy Boy, you had me at #IranDeal ... now you lost me.
Shame on you. #DACA

If you represent Arkansans, Arkansans suck.
You're all heart.
I couldn't be more disappointed in your representation for those of us who care about humanity, our neighbors. #DefendDREAMers

"We are a nation of good & decent people."-Jeff Sessions- I used to think so, in the last 8 months I have most definitely been proven wrong
Your statement is full of crap and fear!! #DACA is an investment in local communities and SS that bring in revenue. https://www.ilrc.org/report-daca-economic-cost …
Wow what a great idea, rounding up 800,000 children most of which have been here for years and send them to a country that alien to them
I am so angry that government turned a blind eye to illegals for years. NEVER AGAIN Senator! USE immigration laws. Illegal = deportation.
You're an opportunistic, heartless creep.
Seriously. You could make a strong argument that Tom Cotton is the greatest jackass in the Senate. A Senate that includes Al Franken.
Low-skill argument is a dog whistle for racism. Keep talking. Your party is losing what little Hispanic support you had. Farewell, GOP
Make this a 1 time, time limited thing. NEVER again will any illegal with children be given ANY special status. We are NOT responsible!
I am hearing you on Fox news. I like what you say. How about  stopping the citizenship to babies if the parents are NOT citizens in USA.
🖒
Easy to say immigrants = American unemployment and low wages. Evidence to support this is hard to find.
Chain immigration has been a huge problem.  Only people that should be allowed to 'piggy back' are spouses and non adult children.
From Wharton business school "by 2040 the RAISE Act could shave 2% off GDP growth and cause a loss of more than 4 million jobs." Bad for USA
If it was unlawful, why didn't you address that years ago?  Quit feeding the ignorant!
Excellent view. Must read!
This is clear racism and bigotry. The facts, stats, data, & real life stories don't match your false claims. Continually disappointed in you
Competition is good. The American born worker has advantages to achieve better jobs.
DACA was a stop gap and congress should have already acted. Limiting low wage immigration has neg impact on farmers. don't want those jobs
Where is ACA Repeal? Where is the wall? Where are tax cuts? Where are any of the things Trump was voted in for?
U suck as a senator be better if u just did opposite of what you think are good ideas let's try that
What about the Dreamers in the military. They r fighting for our country. Are you going to kick them out too?
Why not start with Trump golf courses? Does he need to hire non Americans as waiters?
Proud to have you as my Senator. Thank you! 
Figures.   Southern Arkansas
Thanks, Sen. Cotton! That's the legislation I want passed.
When are you going to be voted out of office? Hopefully soon!
Now end all federal aid and welfare to them....now.
Or you could acknldg that we use and need low wage workers and that their children can pull themselves up in the Land of Opportunity.
DACA is a jobs program for illegals to compete with Americans for lower wages. It's unconstitutional & immoral. No other nation allows this!
Great point! STOP BLAMING THE PRESIDENT He's having to correct the illegal mess Obama made but it's a legislative task not executive-branch.
Shame on you. These are young people we want and need - educated or service members, not low wage workers. God will punish you and your kind
Coming from the Senator of a state which continuously ranks in the Top 5 dumbest states in America. I am not surprised.
Your statement & @POTUS tweet regarding #DACA are an insult to hard working Americans.  It doesn't take 20/20 vision to spot #Amnesty.
$236 million a year over a decade is what you would cost Arkansans by rolling back this program. We can't afford that!
Disappointed.
But these people HAVE to be deported now.  Or POTUS & GOP has not kept his promise.  Americans need these jobs & college places they take.
We need the DREAM Act not RAISE Act, this was a program not amnesty, for a senator you sure aren't well informed
We also have the possibility of losing 800,000 contributors to are economy. People that buy cars, houses, pay taxes and are law abiding
Too bad the house speaker can't get on board.
When will Legal US Citizens be put first! Obamacare,reform taxes, border security. These are the important issues. DACA is a back burner!
Mess that Obama made? You're a mess. You're a traitor.
Sadly your statement is full of lies. I had hoped you'd take the high road stand up for this. You disappoint me Sen. Cotton
He NEVER takes the high rd. He is a conniving weasel. Only interested in Tom Cotton & how any situation adv. his agenda. Which is $$ & power
When I became a citizen in 1992, I had to do an American history test and a  written and verbal English test. DACA is unfair to Citizens .
Congress makes law, not the president. Perhaps @BarackObama  shouldn't have done a half-assed job?
You show your ignorance and bigotry when you assume they are "low skilled workers"
God Bless you and keep you safe.  We need a heck of a lot more Senators like you. Thank you for your service.
I think it is fair to point out that millions like me waited years to become citizens paying immigration lawyers. DACA is very unfair to us.
It is. I think Raise act is a decent bill tho. Deduct DACA's from immigration totals. End chain migration.
Yes!
#NOamnesty of any kind
Straight from Despicable Me. Put principle and people over Party @SenTomCotton. Protect #DACA and Dreamers.
NO AMNESTY...NO BENEFITS for ILLEGALS...DREAMER or NO DREAMER! PERIOD! SICK of RINOS!
It's not that hard if you're here you're here if you've committed a crime you're out if you're in school and can prove no taxpayer money
Heartless and cruel. It's not about jobs. They are just as American as paper holding citizens. They did nothing wrong
"Let’s be clear: the action taken today isn’t required legally. It’s a political decision and a moral question." Your morals are showing.
I hope Sen. Cotton will take time to read John Gartner's book

http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2006/04/10/AR2006041001385.html …

https://www.amazon.com/Hypomanic-Edge-Between-Craziness-Success/dp/0743243455 …
It's unbelievable to me that most of these DACA kids have taken jobs from " true" Americans.  I don't understand your fear at all.
These DACA kids are more AMERICAN than you are. You may have been born here but you sure have no clue what "American" means. Sad.
You had plenty of time to legislate. You failed, thus forcing DACA. Try to justify your cruelty however you like, it is still cruelty.
Their parents are the cruel ones.
Well let's be thankful that the land of opportunity now has the chance to show their children some grace.
Whatever grace we show to the children brought here illegally is a big fat slap in the face to all the people who immigrated LEGALLY.
Would you change your mind if we polled naturalized immigrants who've to see if they care? Take note - they are majority Democrat.
First, I don't care how they vote. Dems care about that. Second, I think you'd be the one surprised by the results of that poll.
If they were angry at Dreamers, they wouldn't consistently vote for Democrats. That's my point.
Cannot wait to see tens of thousands of white men doing the dirty work 7 days/wk, 12 hrs /d when Hispanics leave. Haha

Sent from my iPhone
Now here is a man that makes sense. Rare thing in the swampy DC area.
We get it's not the Heritage Foundation- but you might read it -
So...is legislation to punish employers of "illegals" coming? Didn't think so. You know you're  B.S.
Then why didn't you challenge it in court? Or support a GOP AG challenge? You had YEARS
Too stupid to.
No bc the program worked
There's that also!!!! 
#supportdaca
@sentomcotton Protect U.S. RAISED immigrant youth and support Dream Act of 2017 @RepCohen. Ty Rep. Cohen!!!
The Senate needs a hero right now. Clearly it's not you.
Good luck.
My Grandparents were both legal immigrants that came to this country legally and became citizens. They worked very hard & served in the USN
I have no problem with legal immigrants just really bothered by all these illegals. My mothers family was always taught only to speak Eng.
Thank you for your insight and patriotism, both qualities that are in short supply in Washington.
BS Senator...if you and your GOP cohorts had worked with Obama this wouldn't have happened. Stop your lies. Open your heart. Gutless
THANK YOU. Get to work and get things done!!! We want tax reform NOW!!!!!!!
You are Israeli prostitut. On the payroll of Nethanyahu and APAC.  I don't think there is any room for American
When Congress can't fix it, Trump will blame you. Half of what Trump does isn't executive level, either. But he does it

Yeah, thanks @SenTomCotton Just continue to goose-step in #TikiNazi fashion you pathetic fraud. The #CowardInChief loves you and we know why

Well said Senator Cotton.  Thank you.
You are a troll trying to divide America. Go back to whatever rock you crawled out from.
You're a terrible person who uses words as scare tactics. The low-skill argument is not supported with any facts/data. Shame on you
Go get em' Sammy!
Shame on you. We won't forget.
Sweet you can put it up after you address the platform you actually ran on.
Stop letting MSM run Congress!!!!!!!!1!!
With all due respect Sen. Cotton this is bull and you know. Grow a spine.
You know it*
yeppers...lower income white workers can't wait to start picking those crops putting on those new roofs in TX/FL
So that is all those illegal immigrants are good for is to pick fruits and vegetables.
Yes, the Left is where the real racists are.
So, no remedy #DREAMers but lies about their impact on the economy. Thanks a bunch for your utter lack of compassion and leadership.
White nationalism!!  Preserve white America!  This is what you and Trump look to restore!!!  Force out Blacks and Browns!! Jews and LGBT too
Dreamers have passed background checks, paid fees, attended college, and served in the military. Now they're not American enough?
Stop blaming Obama for having a heart. You sir will not be re-elected nor will you ever be President. You should never hitched wagon to DJT
Sleaze ball of Cotton suckin' that Trump tit dry
You are contradicting yourself.  You quote "those covered by DACA should be allowed to stay".
@RealMattCouch
They need to be deported period. What other country has such open borders as the US?
1.End Daca 2. Any of the 800,000 that have broken more laws, deport. 3. Find pathway to citizenship if they are upstanding citizen, 0 arrest
#NoDACA #NoAmnesty #AmericaFirst #AmericansFirst once and for all #MAGA
#Racist #TomCotton at it again. Making up bullshit to push his #racism in America. Your excuses hurt innocent children. Protect them. Period
I am close to one DACA person who went to college here and now works as a civil engineer in Little Rock. So what in the HELL are you saying?
That's a GREAT JOB that should have been taken by an American citizen.  Your friend is desperately needed in his/her home country.
You said he's illegal.
You're not doing too well in measuring up to the Divine standard of Principles layed down by the Messiah: http://uhj.net/bahaiprinciples/bahai-12-principles.html … Repent.
I'm against illegal immigration. For the 800,000 keep the ones that are working and paying taxes and not collecting from our government.
You are a part of the doomed 4th Beast of Daniel chapter 7, the end of which is very near. YOU may still REPENT.
Thank you for supporting @POTUS. Hope you do well with your proposal!
No amnesty.  They all have to go back to their country of origin.
You're a horrible person for standing behind Trump on this! I am one of your constituents and I'll never ever vote for you.
Thanks Senator.  It looks to me like the corrupt Obama administration left the whole world a mess.
Coward.
Jerk
YOU r a #Traitor !!!
You're a disgrace to the uniform and unworthy of the loyalty showed then by those you served with who will undoubtedly be affected by this
A Reasonable Start
Not a reasonable start. These people give more than they take. But with 800,000 I am sure you will make up the difference in lost taxes
You should be ashamed. You should be concentrating on all the white trash in America!! Start with The Nazi lovers!!
Love this! Now y'all get to work for us.
