Hey, @KidRockSenator @SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP #RememberWhen #KKK #DemocraticParty #ObamaLegacy
Tom Cotton: a corrupt and an incompetent politician from Arkansas, the most backwards, corrupt & impovrished  state in the South. 

@FoxNews
Please sir:
Get to work on our agenda. Don't dabble with the RINOs anymore - be the man they elected.
Sweet. Avoid talking America.  Am I right.
Who gives a rats ass. Arrest the left-wing Antifa here. We no longer have free speech
Hmm. Alrighty then. Still nothing from you on what's going on in America. #ComplicitCotton Voters have long memories.
why not leave foreign policy to the president, and get going on healthcare and tax reform?
#DemocraticParty #Protestors
Chinese Commi party Mafia knows they hv no little chance on votes so keep with iron fist
Pay attention to what's going on here - or had you not noticed the Naxi problem we seem to be having? SMDH.
U misspelled 'sheep'... Baaa
How about a few words about the Fascist in the White House?
Oh Nancy shame shame shame
Trump is sick. Do something about it please.
What is wrong with you? Why don't you care about what is happening in the US
I see this coming to USA shores soon w Globalists aka Socialists & radical fascist left going after anyone not like them. Build more prisons
Where are your statements on events here at home??? Your silence aligns you with them!
Are you surprised? China is communist! Therefore democracy is not allowed! The USA is not WORLD POLICE! Congress is ineffective!
If only the Alt Left and some Democrats felt that way about American Citizens!
Are you in any way aware of the history, geography, economy and laws of Hong Kong?
There was no democracy under British Imperial rule!

Clinton Fdn. bought @SpeakerRyan v. Trump:

Email: “He is on board, will retract invitation to speak.”

…
Will you vote to censur the president for saying Nazis who killed an innocent American are "fine people"? Will Congress take any action?
Trump never said Nazis were fine people. Did you not see the people that were there to just protest the removal of the statue?
STOP TELLING OTHER COUNTRIES WHAT THEY HAVE THE RIGHT TO DO.  IM SO SICK OF POLITICIANS TELLING ME EVEN WHAT MY AMERICAN VALUES R - SHUT UP
Blackwater Eric Prince profiting from private military in Afghanistan? YOU JUST APPROVED MEGA MILLIONS ON DOD. 
NO US paid mercenaries.
I was in HK 3 yrs ago when this crap started... Very sad and yes, it's a sign of their weakness. Start  econ warfare and China will implode!
@googlewell
It is getting yhe same here. We real Republicans live in fear because we have conservative values. Protect us.
ARKANSAS wants to hear your statements denouncing 45's hate fueled speech about white supremacy, KKK ,Nazis, monuments, Charlottesville!
Who do they think they are, Google?
Same hols TRUE for what the Left is trying to do in America.
Who does the republican tax plan and refusal of immigration help?
What about protestors in Arkansas  We the people have had enough of this craziness call out the NG violence and destruction should be jailed
Where's your statement on Trump and his awful statements? Speak up Tom! How can you look your kids in the eye and say I stood silent?
You won't defend protestors here but want another country too Hipocrite when you will denounce the Democrat  party of slavery & jail them
Well done, and well-said!  Thank you, Senator!
Toady Tom.

GOT NAZIS?

@GOP
@HouseGOP
@SpeakerRyan
@SenToomey
@SteveScalise
@GovMikeHuckabee 
@SteveKnight25
Totally silent on NEO-NAZIS?

No surprise.

@GOP
@HouseGOP
@SpeakerRyan
@SenToomey
@SteveScalise
@GovMikeHuckabee 
@SteveKnight25
GOT NAZIS?

@GOP
@HouseGOP
@SpeakerRyan
@SenToomey
@SteveScalise
@GovMikeHuckabee 
@SteveKnight25
How about a statement on the scum trying to end our republic right here at home ?
U mean these ppl?
Stand tall, Ranger Cotton.
Like Trump & the GOP have done to American protestors at the inauguration, who are locked up and the attempt to intimidate 1.5 Million more
Stopping China's illegal trade policies. 
Stopping China's illegal currency manipulation 
Trumps handling don't worry.
Finally! TY. Now we need more Republicans and @realDonaldTrump @StateDept & @statedeptspox WHERE IS THE SECRETARY OF STATE ON HUMAN RIGHTS?
Point noted.
You should worry about us and do some work.
Why are you commenting on Hong Kong, start supporting your President and get something done!
You voted No on Obumacare repeal, it's going to be a long time before I forget that sir.
Who gives a shit about what you thinks and your thoughts.
And we the people of America deserve better healthcare 7 yrs of lies and your worried about people.in Hong Kong #wolvesinsheepsclothing
I support but I would like to see a lot more action on domestic priorities by you and your senate brethren.
I think you are awesome Senator Cotton Thank you for your service
Too bad you don't care about Americans, sirrah.
In America they have that "right" in China they do not have that "right".
Well that's Chinas law and their government, I hate China but to complain about what they do in their own country is ridiculous.
Tom why are you worried about another country support your President. Can't wait for election  so we the people can drain the swamp.
PAY attention here at home! Your statement ought to be about pro-democracy peace protestors in Charlottesville...not HONG KONG!
These people were wrongfully accused & sentenced! The noose from Central govt is tightening!
But all those students are Libtards.  You sure you don't want them in jail. You seem to be OK with killing their American counter parts here
Where's Tom with all the news going on? He's trying to hide by going overseas. Have some guts, your stupid RISE Act is dead!
Very nice,Mr.Cotton but I'd like to hear more about the anarchists on both sides of the political spectrum right here.
Just like the deep state is treating Trump
China is a communist country.  They do NOT have the right to protest their gov't.  We do... they don't. Libs and Dems need to recognize that
Dissidents created havoc on the streets of HK   Peaceful but not at the sufferings of others. China is not USA or its alt left insurgents
Hey Tom, it's great that you care about Hong Kong and everything, but can you focus on fixing healthcare or taxes or something now?
Can the same not be said for the progressive attempts to shut off conservatives? Their rhetoric makes us stronger & more purposeful.
Lefty Lunatics on thread throw 3 young men to tyrants & go on rant against a President they can vote out?  What is wrong with u people?
I would have loved to see the flourish you put on your statement when Water Protectors were being assaulted and jailed. 
I'll wait.
Where's your statement about Trump's racist remarks?
"Trumped" up charges. Wink wink. We see you Cotton.
AND WE SEE YOU.
Someone has to say it.  No one cares, Tom. Get back to work fixing things for America!! Ya know -- your job...what we elected U to do.
Meanwhile our gov supports pro communist protestors how much more crazier can it get!
Thank you senator for your support of our President
Why do not u Senator issue statement defending @realDonaldTrump instead? Afraid??
Let's see your statement on anti-democracy @potus. 
Appreciate the sentiment, but this "not strength but weakness" when foreign enemies are overpowering our natural allies seems weak to me.
or the lack of jailing violent protestors here in the USA
And your statement about Charlottesville?
Here you go.
These repbs are  masked Dems
Well spoken
WHAT IS YOUR STATEMENT ON OUR SOUTHERN HERITAGE BEING DESTROYED BY SOROS PAID TERRORISTS?
History is a class mandatory for graduation. You will be discussed in that class and your inability to protect AR against Trump.

Where is your statement on Trump?
Here's our statement in dear @POTUS
Toady Tom! I see you 'following' orders to TRY & divert. You are concerned with China, but ok with white supremacy. We see ur TRUE colors!
Fool
Cottonmouth Tom berates Beijing about democracy while turning a blind eye to racists and white supremacists in the White house...

The unbearable White Nationalism of Cotton
We need to get China's attention. Cancel all Walmart purchase orders for just one day.
Of course you wouldn't be inclined to do that since they bought you too!
We've got bigger fish to fry in America.
Love it that all your care is rest of world but America !!!
Referendum for Biafra Jews and Christians.
I feel like this statement is stronger than the one you had for white supremacists.
Who?
We have enough for u all to worry about here that u all can't seem to solve. But  I guess its hard when u all work  less 1/2 yr For 176K yr
When are you going to address workers in your own state
Now do Pelosi
On topic, God speed with the legislation.  We need to support those who fight Chinese oppression and fight for freedom!
With that said, many of your party don't believe in civil disobedience for any cause.  How do you teach them about what is just versus law?
To bad Tom you don't have that concern for US citizen ,universal healthcare ,tax the multi national Corp.and billionaires shrink military
As one of your constituents I agree with you100%. Keep up the good work you're doing for Arkansans.
How about going after the Senator that called for Trump's assassination!

That dude is going for the Presidential track.

Nice fake BS 
Unacceptable.
Trump: "I think there's blame on both sides... you also had people that were very fine people on both sides." (via ABC) 
Unacceptable
Former Grand Wizard of the KKK praising Donald Trump's press conference: https://twitter.com/DrDavidDuke/status/897559892164304896 …
Notice the use of the word Trumped.
Why is this ok? How will you fix it?
Hey, remember when Trump cut funding from the DHS's anti-extremist program, and specifically ended investigation of white supremacists? 
