Please don't get sucked into their daily Trump bashing....
No fear of that, @SenTomCotton is a force 
You can send them to yourself...where the sun doesn't shine. Thank you!
You can go to almost any teaching hospital without having health care and receive free care. It's always been that way
But you should, because I'd give your dog much better care
K thanks. I'll put CNN on. You were embarrassing yesterday. I can only imagine what other countries thought watching you 
Actually a Republican who didn't fall in line and vote for someone I don't believe in just so I didn't have to vote for "her"
PLS tell these2 that they are HURTING our gr8 nation by skewing people's view on our successful/productive @potus
lol u have same profile as other corrupt HRC minion #Resist Bullies have dealt w/u for 2yrs
omG tell that corrupt @msnbc that perpetuating this narrative w/ZERO evidence is pathetic & their final downfall
What makes u think they are corrupt? Because they speak the truth instead of making Trump look like a victimized God!
You're helping NO ONE by going against our UNITED States. Sad.
Why is so hard for you to understand that although Trump wasn't being investigated weeks ago, that he is now?
Sorry Sen Tom, not even for money
Watching you Senator.  Make us Arkansans proud. Keep doing what you do.
The dueling banjos state. All party, no country from this senator
He does well for this country and state and we are the natural state just in case you didn't know. :) Have a good day sir/madam.
How does he do well? Specifics please. What is a "natural state"?
He represents our lovely state and stands to find what's true in the investigation as well as standing for important issues.
Disgraceful again. You've clearly decided Trump admin is innocent & that's clear by you ?'s & answers. You may as well be a cabinet member.
Liar and deceiver
Wow you look and sound like a republican robotic machine.  Every time I hear you talk it's like you're a programmed robot..no emotion 
Make sure to ask Joe how Mika is in bed. Russia probably hacked her personality.
There, there...@Morning_Joe will still be there to feed your Trump-hate with lies and dramatics. No need to panic, Snowflake!
You done a great job on the smack down during the #SessionsHearing,Why waste time with @Morning_Joe helping his failed ratings. #MAGA
Public outrage at AG Sessions' treasonous effort to dismiss the investigation into Trump's ties to Russia will be loud and continuous.
I did. You lied like a true Trump. Well done, former Senator Tom Cotton.
You're #DaBombDotCom I hope you got his panties in a wad 
Please stop going on that hate filled antiTrump show!
Just one more GOP lackey carrying Drumpf's water. "Nothing to see here folks! Move along." Deplorable. Will be glad to see you lose in 2020.
You keep saying there's no evidence of collusion, the investigation is on going and there very well maybe evidence. Get over yourself
Yet you've clearly decided that there's nothing wrong. And tell me why neither Sessions or Trump cared to get briefings on Russia?
Senator thank you for your honest interview of Mr. Sessions.
What interview? That was an interview? No was a help to do anything but get to the truth. Got his marching orders at WH dinner. All party
About time someone allowed Sessions et al to defend themselves against persecution they themselves called baseless. Kudos for Senator Cotton
Awwww persecution, sniffle, sniffle. How about 14 hour GOP-led Clinton Benghazi hearing that came up with nothing. Session a sniveling dweeb
If my memory serves me right actual Americans died in Benghazi. Thats solid evidence. Zero evidence in Russia probe.
Solid evidence of what. Sad event. How was it all her fault? Evidence. Proof
Well you got me there. At least it wasnt ALL her fault.
Be careful, you'll get dizzy and hurt urself from twisting and contorting to force desired untrue outcomes. Need better analysis skills
So sad you have your head in the sand.  Wake up and consider this nonsense!
Senator Grandstander: It's disgusting to see you act so irresponsibility during the #SessionsHearing . What's YOUR role with Russia?
Great
"Clearly exonerated"?!  Because Sessions denied, couldn't remember and refused to answer? More blatant lies from a repub senator. Pathetic
Wish you'd earnestly tried to get 2 truth at Sessions hearing. Too much 2 expect from an R, though. Your performance disgusted me. All party
Sadly mistaken if you think Sessions hearing put anything to rest bc he denied. Anything but. He mostly refused to answer, implying guilt
(Cont.) .. he did not "request" some improper mtg set apart and setting a precedent. We can all read the statement.. #Stopthespin
You mischaracterized Comey's 1/6 mtg w/ Trump. He remained after a group IC mtg as agreed on w/DNI to brief Trump poten embarrassing issue..
How's putin this morning?
The day you are elected out will be a glorious day.
YUK!
@SenTomCotton I'll wait until you go on Fox News.
Why would anyone listen to a traitor, Tehran Tom?
Is Matt Damon or Daniel Craig going to be there?
Good luck Tom Cotton.   You're in communist territory with those to indoctrinated tools.
Why are you volunteering to go into a Minefield with that show
Way to go at the "Witch Hunt" every time I think the Dems have reached a new low, they go lower! Danger to America is the Dems, NK & Media!!
More grandstanding Tom?
in spite of all the bombs being hurled at the Trump admin, remind the all RepubliCAN determination with @POTUS will #MAGA
Why? They are a bunch of liberal morons
Your questioning of Sessions was shameful!!
#NoComplaints when @POTUS had secret meeting w/ #Russians in #WH, no cameras but their's? GMAB. If this was the Obama Admin U would IMPEACH
Why do #Republicans quote so many movies and novels and cut spending for the arts? The WH today is more preposterous than fiction.
Thank you for showing up.  Such a gentleman.  Nice to have the opposing view on a show that is so bias and against President Trump.
Trump&his BS cabinet are puppets, you work 4us not Trump, if you don't understand that get out of government
I don't care if anyone Dem or Rep our country is the greatest in a world, don't let Putin &his mafia gang gov controll this country throughT
That show sucks
I am outraged that you care so little about this country, that you have no guts 2 defend this country from Russian's interference Shame !!
Good morning Sen.Tom Cotton. No Estate 51 from PR.
No thanks. Can't stand that Buffoon!
In my wildest dreams I fantasize watching @morningmika  throw a morning cocktail in your face. Makes me tingle just thinking about it.
By the way Jim Comey did not request that meeting, he said it under oath. Where were you
Really Tom, you should watch the testimony and count how many times AG Sessions said that he couldn't recall, remember. He was dancing!
And how much he enabled, following orders he got at his WH dinner
If Hillary backslapped w/ Russians you would go crazy. Extreme partisan intellectual dishonesty is what's wrong with America.
Take them tin foil hats with antennas! Lol 
I see you put your "TIN FOIL HAT" on again. You made a FOOL of yourself yesterday, as usuall-TRUMPS LAP DOG
The AG said he NEVER inquired before election, transition, or after about the Russians hacking our election. Is that negligent or collusion?
I'm sure you did great Senator, but I'd rather stick a pitchfork thru my own eyes than watch that dishonest circus show. 
Please do the
Then

You were awesome yesterday. Thank you!
And why is it so hard to understand that you can't decide what happened & guilt or innocence until AFTER the investigation is complete?
As a Russian Immigrant, proud American now are you kidding me 2think that Putin just hacked DNC& that they don't have something on Sessions?
He needs a good ass-kicking, Senator. Remind him that he used to be a Republican.
Your dismissal of the depth of Russian interference is disheartening. You are weak. Save our healthcare & earth.
The "people's business" is what to do to prevent Russia from interfering in our future elections!  That should be #1 on your to do list.
Didn't make your points...that Sessions 'clearly' exonerated from Russian influence; that this is far-fetched.
So I guess you'd be ok issuing subpoenas so we can get answers. When can we expect those to be filed & when are Kushner & Trump testifying?
Seeing you Senator was worth it but never again-they are a danger to our national security. KNOCK it OFF @msnbc
Wow, you are versed in alternate facts...
You're lying about Comey  & 'request' 1/6 mtg w/Trump. That was IC briefing & other mmbrs left for DJT to be briefed on dossier privately.
Are you a Dominionist & think every lie, bearing false witness, is acceptable if it gets you closer to overturning our govt for theocracy?
Bc of Republicans like u every member of my family recently left your party & are now Independents
Me too. Can never vote R again
You are truly embarrassing, get a backbone and stand up for the people who provide your paycheck, Donald trump doesn't pay u..
I can't believe people vote for u
He is still slithering away!
You were so mean and handled racist sessions like snowflake but you boys dogged Hillary out with Benghazi liar
Spot on!
Lying early not answering questions, bring your lying narrow ass back to Arkansas and take care of your Poor voters health care
Ok "Angela" ...he will. 
Are you taking up for this sexist bigot racist
Thanks for kicking some major ass on the Hill yesterday. @realDonaldTrump and Americans thank you.
I love you but there's no way I would watch that show or network & the nasty things said about our President! Fake news. Good luck!
To tell them how soft you were on questioning Sessions? Or that you are more concerned about emails than Russians hacking our elections?
Thank you for your service. Please let interviewers know that the hacking took place during the Obama administration.
Can't watch morning joe idiots there love you though
Rep to shut down these hearings democrats will have hearings for years smearing pplwill now investigate why sessions won't tell private talk
Wld NEVER watch this w/out you there. You ROCKED it for all of US yesterday exposing false agenda MUCH Gratitude.
Yes, anything but get to truth. Let Sessions not answer any Qs making him even seem more guilty. Rs have become VERY STUPID
Appreciate what you said yesterday because D.C. Is going to have to figure it out. Not very rational over there it looks like
This is gonna be great!!!!
No
Oh why demean yourself by appearing there. If we ignore MSNBC, maybe they will go away. You are too good for that awful show.
Ha! He acts like an arrogant, condescending jerk who has already decided w/o the investigation being completed. Reps chose to appt. Mueller.
Good luck with those two clowns on MSNBC. Why anyone watches those two is beyond me. They are so toxic.
Don't forget your Kevlar vest and food for the vultures.
You were great yesterday on point loved it those that didn't like it wouldn't like anything you do now it you could get
You're correct. I don't like pure partisanship. All Tom showed
Why go on that show? They are disingenuous.
Because they call Rs and trump for what they are?
Too busy reading Tom Clancy, thanks anyway
Good luck with that Hater
Thank you,hope you stand up to them all,they are trashing,bashing sessions.
Ask Joe what, exactly, did the Russians do to interfere in the election, and see how he reacts.

take a shower afterward
Yes, Joe and Mika will require showers after slime Tom will offer. All party, no country. Unpatriotic
unpatriotic? That is very careless of you. Senator Cotton is an Army Ranger and decorated combat veteran.
Give em hell!
Today's flag day. Make sure you fly your flag high. .
Definitly will watch because you're on
