@SenTomCotton this country is built on the backs of immigrants. Everyone except indigenous are immigrants or descendants of immigrants.
Who received no welfare and died of disease in the streets. Research Ellis island we did put quotes AMD we were choosey
1st wave immigrants - religious freedom, convicts, those seeking economic opportunities but became indentured servants.
I don't recall them getting welfare .
And SSA reports unauthorized immigrants (who can't get SS) have paid $100 billion into the fund over the past decade.
I don't feel bad about them how are they paying? They don't pay FICA .unless they stole someone else's I'd . They shouldn't get SS
While I won't change how I feel (immigration) I appreciate amicable convo. You gave me things to look into. Thx for being open to xchange.
No problem have a good night . One thing to consider automation why should we let more unskilled people .
Seems this act would pit skilled immigrants directly with skilled Americans and lower wages for both. More profit for corporations???
The illegals and refugees 4-8 kids ,,along with grandma
You gotta be a really bad BOT...
How come you didn't whine about HIb visas ? Zip it . You're hypocrisy is annoying .
What Is The RAISE Act? Trump's Newest Immigration Legislation Is Dangerous & Inhumane
To Americans ?
these professors would be the few to qualify on the merit system. This act doesn't even logically hold up to this bigotry. #noraiseact
You need to read the archives for the last 110 years and current events
That's a lie, Tom. Quit it.
Let's let more in
Stop that's racist, white supremacist agenda
How exactly is that racist , pls spew your wisdom .africans,middle easterners Asians South Americans speak English
Your bill is promoting illegal immigration...we are smart than you think..better fix illegal immigration problem that is why we elected you!
Congress should pass the Raise Act and give priority to skilled immigrants, not taxi drivers
But will drive the taxis...research shows again and again that low-skilled immigrants take jobs that Americans don't even want #noraiseact
This is only for you to try to put your racism into pretty language. Even the business sector opposes this. #noraiseact
I'm 100% behind this...........common sense legislation
be nice if people would stay in their own country they was born in
How about priority to the best skilled Americans
You going to pick ur veggies?No guess ur are a lazy person.
The RACIST Act won't raise wages for anyone. The very people targeted do jobs Americans won't do. 

The unbearable White Privilege of Cotton
One chart reveals everything that’s wrong with Donald Trump’s anti-immigrant outcry http://read.bi/2f80VzK  via @businessinsider
Explain why the unemployment is at 12 % it was more under Obama . You did hear of u6 number ? What's unemployment rate is acceptable ?

That's b.s.! This is just subterfuge.
A Senator who does not understand the compassion of country's history. Shame on You. This logic of yours is flawed. Just another GOP treason
Research immigration .you have no idea what your talking about. Ellis island ,no producers deported .
Dear @SenTomCotton didn't you push to get McMaster in his current position? Do you regret it now that his anti-Trump conduct is exposed?

its good. Whats your plan to clear current GC backlog? With current state, its unfair for people who are in line and payed taxes for decades
#BS
Thank you Senator Cotton. I appreciate your hard work!!
Raise law: let's bring a guy to cure cancer then when he becomes citizen let's prevent him from bringing his parents... really ?
2016 that couple with pay 15000 in premiums while they paid into the system . While these deadbeats go right on Medicaid
Racists Against Informed, Studied, and Educated
Misleading as usual.  You have absolutely no evidence that this is true.  2020
I work in a hospital in NYC
This is complete BS

We filed a brief with the 9th Circuit exposing personal harm Muslim-Americans could suffer under current #MuslimBan https://www.brennancenter.org/legal-work/hawaii-v-trump …
IT IS ABOUT RIGHT TIME FOR REAL #IMMIGRATION #POLICY FOR 21st #CENTURY. WE CAN'T JUST ACCEPT ANYBODY AS NO.1 #COUNTRY IN THE WORLD. #PERIOD.

Term lim8iys should be 5 yrs for all of you ..egos TO BIG PROTECTING YOUR OWN INTEREST..not Americans
My single mom MOM made 30,000 so i didnt qualify for school loan..LA free everything for illegals.TRUMP  WON..BUILD THE WALL STOP HARMING US
While you work to reduce the minimum wage?
So you want skilled immigrants taking over high paid jobs while Americans compete for low skilled jobs??
Ca. Dems worried they'll have to pay higher wages for farm workers.... DUH!
Terrible idea. High-quality people will go to Canada, NZ and OZ as they are less bigoted and less nationalist. DISCRIMINATION
... and forget about the rest. Like most of our grandparents and great grandparents.
Thank you Senator!
Cotton is there more we are not being told
It absolutely would not raise wages. Did your proctologist help you pull that one out?
Explain we have more people than jobs . How is that going to raise wages ?
As for the IELTS exam, is it going to be the General or Academic IELTS exam? For migrating to Canada one has to take General.
Please know NC State graduates 2000 computer scientists when the demand is 20800. NC Univ. if 1 enter freshmen calculus, 4 enter psychology.

Sen Cotton perhaps you may not know many highly skilled scientists/software engineers who hold Green card return to their home country.
That's why we shouldn't fund schools we should fund professions needed . Ps if doesn't affect skilled educated people .
@RepKevinYoder 's HR392 aims for a similar goal. A collaborative approach will bring both the parties together and make this a reality.
@SenTomCotton - Appreciate this move. It will be helpful for people like myself who are struggling cause of broken immig. system. Thank you!
only candidates with top hats and carpet bags full of cash need apply...
Awful name, but at least you're starting to think in the right direction
Thank you
It won't pass you fool
Where's your outrage Comrade Tom:
Thank you for continuing the GOOD FIGHT! You are SO appreciated!
One of the few good guys..
Those are some really large green cards.
you have twisted view of the world , I mean no wonder you were killing and fighting people in other countries.
Seems like a bad idea Tommy
Tom Cotton
But @TheDemocrats have their own priorities...
can you work with them?
(or at least RePlace them?!
Uh, You may need a better record)
there is no proof of anything you are selling Tom.

#Cotton You have 81k followers...you have an AVG 50 responses to your tweets on #RAISE...90%+ of which are negative.  
LAST I REMEMBER WE ELECTED TRUMP MAGA HELP AMERICANS BY RETRAINING FOR JOBS. WE DO NOT NEED SKILLED IMMIGRANTS. DISAPPOINTED SENATOR!
What about high skilled immigrants competing against high skilled Americans?
...and I, #Cotton, am The Decider of who is high skilled or not because I believe I am high skilled (even tho I'm a lawyer). I have spoken.

I'm sure all those immigrants Trump brings in for his golf courses are highly educated
No it won't

As Tom writes another letter to Iran. Get out Traitor
Senator Cotton, we demand that legislation be proposed to Repeal and Replace the unsustainable, corrupt Refugee Resettlement System. #MAGA
BS
180' from the truth.
http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2017/aug/3/irans-ties-us-universities-infiltration-fear/ …
Would your ancestors have met these requirements? Some of mine wouldn't have.
My grand mother was stuck in Ellis island where her husband was pulled to build a bridge . He couldn't get her out until,
This absolutely makes no sense.
Oh for christs sake, stop lying 
Show me in the Constitution the Federal authority to write this law.
RAISISM.
Thank you!
I honestly can't think of one thing that is more anti-American than giving more value to one life, over another's.
In the same way that tax breaks for the rich trickle down... not at all. You guys are beyond incompetent.
Yes because God forbid that we help the poor to a better life.
That's the thing we didn't give welfare .
Gross. Resign
Your gross leave .

Sent to me by Indivisible 33 in LA. Tom Cotton today at a French bistro in Beverly Hills. @OZRKIndivisible we found him! Time for town hall? 
And this is a leaked photo of the actual test to determine "best-skilled" immigrants through your RACIST Act 
You mean the rich, white ones, right. #15
The RAISE ACT is a great plan, now Congress can use up 7+ years talking about it and DOING NOTHING! @POTUS is taking ACTION-try to keep up!
Don't be ridiculous... it would make finding a job infinitely more difficult for Americans who'd taken time & expense of getting educated
Victim of war. 
She cannot speak English or even program a computer but she does need salvation hope warmth and comfort #refugeeban 
It would also save us money paid out in massive benefits to unskilled/non-English speaking immigrants. We cannot afford them.
.@SenTomCotton 

Pro-union laws, regulations, and policies would raise Americans' wages much higher, much faster.
How many times can I squeal about "The Raise Act"
https://mobile.twitter.com/LeslieGoldman4/status/893260212731129857 …
#NoBan #NoTravelBan #NoMuslimBan #NOREFUGEEBAN
Dear Leslie.....will you pay for them all?

Spare a thought today for the million kids in Yemen starving and afflicted by polio and cholera 
Yemen are associated with Iran

From the bombs we flee from the Sea we rise #Syria 
