She is WRONG and you know it.  Your words in support of her are hollow and meaningless.  We will remember this on NOV 6, 2018.
Betsy DeVos must be confirmed.  Our public schools are completely wrecked because of government monopoly.
They're government run schools just like the DMV...
your constituents have spoken loudly. Why are you ignoring those who got you there???
Would you be confident in a person with no legal experience in charge of the Justice Dept?  I doubt it. She has no experience
As a LR resident w/ kids in public schools I'm very disappointed in your support of DeVos. #Unqualified #PublicFundsStayPublic
I haven't heard any Arkansans who are for Devos.  I'm sure there are other GOP leaders who would be wonderful for the job.
Mark Pryor and Blanche Lincoln refused to listen to voters.  Learn from their mistake.  Be the hero; Vote No Devos.
Based on what? She is unqualified. Rich does not = prepared.
thank you Joyce
with all due respect, please reconsider. DeVos is dangerous for our children...especially those ahead and behind the curve
how?! This is embarrassing. Not surprised you did what the GOP has programmed you do.
She's never done it before, why do you think she can start now? I'm from MI and she's a rich girl who's never done actual work
they ruin it for everyone else and admin gives them a sticker
she's not as confident in you it seems
We want every child to have a quality education, while you focus just on putting it in their reach and setting them up to fail
you're a dope
where do you get that confidence from? Totally unqualified .#RepublicansagainstTrump
your constituents overwhelmingly disagree. It is literally your job to represent us.
the problem is trouble makers wont reach for it
Disappointed you did not represent AR who believe that DeVoe not qualified. Lost this Rep vote.
DeVos is wrong choice for Arkansas school children. Do the right thing for your constituents instead of towing the party line!
Well that's an alternative fact for sure. #alternativefacts #TermLimits
what are you smoking? Can I have some? Devos is not qualified at all
The head of the educ depart should know what IDEA is. It is sad to see elected officials put party ahead of ALL children!
she knows nothing about education. Donating money is what she does best
As your constituent and as a parent, I urge you to re-think this. What in your mind makes her qualified? Please Vote NO
specifically, other than gotcha questions, gossip, and rumor, what in your mind disqualifies her?
then you're the minority in Arkansas. No experience in education and no clue about IDEA = disaster for public schools
But for those physically unable to reach the rest of the way, tough luck? Reject Betsy DeVos http://www.usnews.com/opinion/knowledge-bank/articles/2017-01-19/students-with-disabilities-deserve-better-than-donald-trumps-betsy-devos?src=usn_tw …
How does the $26,000 contribution to your campaign by Betsy DeVos color your endorsement? No need to answer. The people can guess.
I know many of your Dem/educator family members that disagree. You're letting down your AR educators with this support.
come on, Tom. You know darn well she is not qualified for the position. She just gave trump big money. Shameful.
not DeVos for the sake of our students protected by IDEA (which she has NO CLUE about!) -signed sped teacher, parent, voter
vote no to DeVos.  You represent us, not someone who bought your vote for confirmation
You're either blind to her lack of qualifications or willfully ignoring them. Neither is acceptable as our representative.
Many of us are doubtful. We work in schools. You and Betsy do not.
you should be confident that she will enrich herself on the backs of kids. Sad
Don't CHOOSE to put my tax dollars into private schools via vouchers, when public schools are underfunded. Vote NO on DeVos!
Can she pass the PRAXIS on ANY subject?  Let's see her lesson rubrics.
Sir....Please DO NOT confirm her! Our children need someone that will take care of ALL of their needs....she won't.
@DallasWoodhouse she is the most unqualified person I have ever seen appointed to education. I watched the hearings!!
so you will not stand by the thousands of people you represent who are begging you to do the right thing?
So wrong @SenTomCotton Obvious your vote is DeVos bought-very reason I never have/never will vote 4 you!Sad you're weak&oblivious
Vote NO. Singularly unprepared. Singularly unqualified. No for DeVos
Why don't you actually represent us, that is your job right?
As long as those children are Christian. Especially white ones. With blonde hair and blue eyes.
That is doubtful Senator- even with limited questions allowed in hearing, it is clear she does not know ed law or policy...
Betsy is completely unqualified. Bought her way in. Vote against her.
I'm not confident that @BetsyDeVos will do a good job. IDEA is not new. #noexcuses #No2Betsy #kidsfirst
If you stand for public education, you will vote 'NO' on Betsy DeVos. She is unqualified and dangerous for Arkansas schools.
did you not watch her hearing? Yikes.
DeVoss will hurt kids' education.  Support her, and your political future is down the drain. People are LIVID!!  RECONSIDER!!!
Seriously? Please vote for the children of Arkansas who live in areas where there are no charter schools
, read FB comments on your support of @BetsyDeVos - you've failed your constituents and our children
as an educator I can attest you are so removed from the state of Arkansas. Vote no on Betsy DeVos.
@DallasWoodhouse tom corton can you get more books to the kids, audiobooks, also they make tv shows or broadway plays
Vote NO on DeVos. She is not qualified to run the Dept. Of Ed. Our kids deserve a person who understand public ed.
lol Betsy is a bust! Get and educated woman to run the department of education. Guessing they're lining your pockets too!
Please say NO to DeVos.  She is unqualified. She has no IDEA how to lead education. #DeVosconfirmation
As a former DODEA educator, I can assure you Betsy DeVos knows little to nothing about how to educate a child.
the only thing that is confident about DeVos was your campaign fund. #NotoDeVos I know who is not getting my vote next time.
She is not qualified. Please insist on a better nominee.
Confident? You clearly don't know anything about education, Senator. Listen to your constituents.
but what about the Grizzlies??   You are a shameful example of a Congress who puts ideology above country
Read ur FB messages. #ARKANSAS does not want #DeVos. Perhaps the $26,000 campaign pledge helped  #ICantKeepQuiet #RiseUnited
DeVos never attended pub schools, never sent her children to pub schools, worked actively against them. How is she qualified?
An education "within reach" mean kids & families will have to work to get something that is a basic human right
@PoliticsK12 I'm sure you didn't watch the same hear that I did, are not an educator, and haven't thought about MI schools.
@PoliticsK12 it's time to put Country before party and stop being unethical hypocrites
No Tom. Just...no. Please don't be complicit in enabling incompetence.
@PoliticsK12 on what basis?
So now we know you do not support public education.  She and her family spent their lives privatizing education.  #DumpCotton
@PoliticsK12 easy to say when she gave you money in election huh? Think you need to go back to school for critical thinking
you mean every child who has money. Those in rural or poor communities, tough shit.
do NOT vote to confirm DeVos, who is remarkably unqualified, as Sec of Education.
I recommend you talk to educators in Arkansas start with @DaisyDyerDuerr and see how they feel about #DeVos
Senator I am a teacher from michigan and I am confident she has NO experience and will not do what is best for ALL students
every child*

*excludes LGBT and low-income
our children deserve better than a senator who does whatever people pay him to do. You're a disgrace.
your strategy: oppose obama no matter what, comply with GOP no matter what. You're a drone.
#americanfascist #serialliar
How can you be confident when she does not even know what IDEA is? Do not endorse DeVos! I am an Arkansas voter against DeVos
your doing a great job. Get in Schumer's face more about his obstruction. We need more senators like you with gonads.
listen to the voters in your state about this instead of just following the party line. Disappointed.
money can't buy a government position. Her hearing was atrocious. She'll be a passing trend along with those who support her.
why are you so confident she will work to improve American children's education?
Nooooooooooooo!!!
Arkansans are poor and most can't afford to send their kids to private school. We need an educator to lead Dept of Education.
https://www.opensecrets.org/politicians/contrib.php?cycle=Career&cid=N00033363&type=I …
lol, lol, lol...are you trying to sell me a bridge to nowhere? She's incompetent...
...who are you again? #notmysenator
I can assure you she is the least qualified candidate EVER. My chlldren are counting on you to make your vote count. #notodevo
I'm disappointed to hear this.   I've tried to call you several times this week, can't get through for some reason.
I'm afraid she will not protect my sons who are served under IDEA. I'll remember to vote against you. Thx.
this confirms its time for the great Arkansans to vote you out of office. Stevie Wonder can see she's a poor choice. Smh @ U!!

Betsy DeVos is uniquely unqualified to lead the education department. She has no idea what IDEA is. It is the law!
ENOUGH! YOU ARE WITH THE PEOPLE! OR #LYINGTRUMP #IMPEACHTRUMP DRAIN #SWAMPCABINET
She is totally unqualified for this job!  She couldn't even answer Sen, Warren's questions!
You are seriously misguided if you think this. Do you actually care about kids & education? Your constituents are taking note.
she is not qualified.  She bought your vote!
// just lost my  and my family's vote  in Arkansas Judging by comments on facebook page, you lost a lot of Arkansas votes.
so disappointing. Your Arkansas constituency needs quality public education, not charter schools.
Competition in Education will do wonders for the tax payers pockets, offer choice and create new and innovative ways to teach.
Would u let her teach your children!
Amen!!!! Listen to the people of Arkansas, not your money trail!
She can't even spell!  But, I bet she can count money to her supporters!
your confidence is most assuredly ill-founded.
she has zero experience with public schools or qualifications to be in charge of the Deparment of Education.
I disagree Senator. DeVos has never been a supporter of public schools and as a constituent I implore you to vote NO.
so disappointed in you!  She has zero experience in public schools!  Her plan has hurt MI and will hurt the whole country!
im sure cassandrs butts wouldve been a great ambassador but you killed that dream.
except for special needs kiddos. IDEA cannot be left solely to states. No she is not qualified to do this job. Period.
I voted for Tom, but if he cast a yes vote in Devos direction it will be the last time he gets my vote.
AR leading the way, an elitist education system.  Education, justice, and healthcare should be reserved for those with money.
are you, though? Like, really? #powertothepeople #resist #educationforall
I believe you are right. I think she will work as hard as she can to learn on the job before she bails after a couple of years
No you’re not. You’re just eager to push the Republican agenda no matter how many people it harms. Stop lying.
She lost me supporting guns in our children schools. Our children shouldn't be in close proximity of firearms.
she doesn't believe in public schools and makes money from for profit universities. Vote no you hypocrite.
She is wholly unqualified, but that no longer seems to matter. Party above country, right, Tom?
I'm confident you're once again wrong. DeVos is just an anti-public school shill. ESD!!
even though she knows nothing of IDEA, no experience in public schools, and her failures in MI? I will remember this 11/2018
I'm not.
based on what evidence or experience?
we really do need it here in Arkansas Mr. Cotton, education is the future of these kids here and to find jobs available here!
she is a complete moron, Tom. Please grow a pair and stand up the people of the US
I am so disappointed.
she is unqualified and inexperienced. it makes no business sense.
why not stand up for your constituents on what's right instead of parroting the party line like you're told to
how can you say that when all evidence points to contrary? She's dangerously underqualified. Your wilful ignorance is shameful
she has no experience and your lack of common sense is hurting our state!
if you think she will be of help to AR you way out there
based on her qualifications or wallet?
based on belief or evidence?
As an educator in Arkansas, I100% disagree with that choice!
I will suggest the students remain in their location but funding n adequate training be given to improve education standards.
Additional info:
Is there any Cabinet nominee that you don't love?  All good if they're Republican, right?
nonsense! She has no experience whatsoever! She has never been in a public school for any reason! Please vote against her!!
no she will not and YOU KNOW IT..dont lie going back to b4 IDEA does NOT WORK diabled kids will be DOOMED read ur history
While I support conservative causes, her resume looks cloudy.
#CountryOverParty this woman is not in ALL of America's best interest.
We the People would like to know why our nominations are stuck. Where is the holdup, when will we get a vote?
They'll practically be able to see it from their house. The taxes on which will go to fund religious schools in violation of 1st Amendment.
She pretty much destroyed the education system in Michigan.. and Amway is a pyramid scheme..
what's up with these 1300 written questions for her? Can's the GOP just tell her not to worry about it and approve her?
We also need quality healthcare. You want to leave millions uninsured.
This statement is going to come back to haunt you after you've spent taxpayer dollars and wind up w/ schools like Detroit
Tom, stop worrying about GOP agenda and do what's good for us. DeVos is not a good choice, not qualified!  Man up.
I'm looking forward to the improvements she will put forth. Having a real choice of school my kids is a great opportunity.
@BevCross1 Tom thank you for your service when you're in Afghanistan and thank you for standing up to Schumer
Lmfao
do you regret the harm you caused Cassandra Butts and her family?
Nonsense. She wants to commodify children and gut public education which will increase spending
Not many people are.  People will remember your stance.
sir you guys need to man up and push outta committee. Have some backbone in there
@NikitaKitty Between DeVos & Zika the GOP is assured of having several more generations of ignorant voters... Well done!
Amen to that....
I like the answer she gave. Our public school needs  help
children first is excellent, but anti union is not so good.... is there no way to have both ? What union is against children ?
.@SenTomCotton Working hard is different than actually have the skills and experience to get something done. Our children before party, sir.
without any knowledge ??? Alternative trud ?
No confidence in her from this Arkansan.  #savepublicschools #grizzlies
she's seriously unqualified for any position. She has no business in OUR government.
because it's worked so well in Michigan and she is so experienced. Working hard is just part of it. Knowledge is another
Yep. We need to be preparing school kids with the tools they need to get jobs - not indoctrinating them politically.
I hope you can continue to work well with the new administration. Thank you for the updates
I'm not confidant
We are not.
