Please support the licensing and regulation of online poker in America.
#DoYourJob #RussiaGate  http://www.businessinsider.com/carter-page-trump-russia-igor-sechin-dossier-2017-1 …
It's just about too late for the US and democracy.
EXTREME RIGHT BIAS media. If GOP want to be taken seriously, move on from FOX. Most UNreliable per Politifact
Please drop your support for a nationwide Internet poker ban. It's anti-Tenth Amendment & anti-liberty.
Trump Traitor. You would let Trump give Arkansas to Russia before u pushed back against him. And healthcare!!!!
Please respect the 10th Amendment when it comes to online poker. Free states and people should have a choice.

agree w #poker tweets!Online poker = great way 4states 2raise revenue&provide consumer protection! #Fight4Poker
Another lying heartless  politician !!!
ur a manipulator just like your boss @realDonaldTrump. You can NOT be put America ahead of ur personal agenda @foxandfriends
You did great
I'm a Christian who believes that freedom of religion and no religious test is foundational. Our forefathers agreed. Do you?
Go right now to support #TrumpRussia investigations.All Constituents deserve the TRUTH & action!! Be on the side of angels! TY
You don't care what they say.
Investigate Trump and Russia NOW. too soon? Waiting for complete surrender of US? Country first.
Uhmmm, no thanks. One-sided nonsense gives me a 
I am beginning to believe SRONGLY IN TERM LIMITS as does my boss @realDonaldTrump .
Have your lips surgically removed from DT's rump, get some integrity and DO YOUR DUTY! You took oath to protect Constitution.
When did you and @TGowdySC become Russian agents?
Putz, puppet...Get a grip....
Senator Cotton stood strong in this den of wolves. Freedom of speech works both ways!
Fox- did you show how Cotton didn't give a straight answer, and even spouted GOP party lines to a 7 year old?
Putting #AmericaFirst on second base
Sen Tom sounds like a Russian sympathizer
Commie Russia has an agent
#Sad
answering questions on fix us NOT an interview. Get serious
you won't be our senator next time
I watch part of your town hall but had to turn it off because of the crowd attending. Disrespectful rabble
WTF-after town hall u still don't get it?W/o doubt a special prosecutor & ind council need 2 investigate Russia. Not too early
Matthew 25:43. Even the most conservative Christians understand that verse. It's why you had an angry town hall. We care.
Have you ever faced a sick child with parents refusing treatment b/c they can't afford it? I have. Not since the ACA though.
And I say that as an Arkansan from a conservative Chrisitian family & AR county. We care about the Bill of Rights! Protect it!
The Bill of Rights and Constitution are not partisan issues. You need to decide if you're with POTUS or with the Constitution!
are you anti bill of rights 10th amendment? a federal shutdown of state-licensed #poker websites is treason
Please don't let Sheldon Adelson dictate state online poker/gaming/lottery policy #StatesRights
love the beard Tom!!
Why do you preach "Free Market Competition" while Adelson pays you to legislate "Crony Capitalism" in S.3376?
when r u running for higher office?
Support Regulated Online Poker. Oppose all Federal & State Poker Bans. Prohibition of Poker is a Failed Policy!
Good job with this interview Tom.  My wife and I support your efforts, and appreciate your positive attitude.
Please oppose efforts for a federal ban of online poker. It's a state's right to decide. #LetStatesDecide
Coward
Please support the 10th Amendment oppose any internet poker ban. Allow us the freedom most of the world enjoys.
Tom Cotton is a poster child for special interests. You literally can control his mouth by $s.
Please support the licensing and regulation of online poker in America.
Please support regulated online poker in America.
good job Senator, next town hall let's mobilize more of your supporters, I volunteer to help
Please don't cosponsor the proposed bill to strip states of the right to license #poker websites again. Let the states decide.
Many conservative groups rightly oppose efforts to enact a federal shutdown of state-licensed #poker websites. #tcot
keep up the great work @SenTomCotton that you do 
.@SenTomCotton Hmm. You might look more principled on the #Constitution & federalism if you'd stop trying to ban states' #poker websites.
we love ya tom...people are just looking for attention
You are well liked because you are not afraid and well spoken.
Didn't answer most all the questions at the town hall. Why??
they were shouting because they have been unable to contact you. Your voicemail is full and you hide .
so dissatisfied constituents are protesters? Yes, they are protesting the lousy job you are doing #resist
I my not a liberal, I have no agenda I believe in God and I will make my vote count if this list is not back up
Loved your interview & voted 4 U, BUT my question is why did the Dept of Ag take down list of animal abusers?
These town hall loud mouths are making fools of themselves. Certainly not adults. Acting like bullies.
Is this a deleted scene from The Human Centipede?
YOU CAN BET NONE OF THOSE PEOPLE VOTED FOR YOU. THEY PROBABLY SCARED OFF 90% OF YOUR SUPPORTERS.
cause chances are they didn't vote for you and might not even live in your state
MIGHT
Oh my gosh, you got to be smarter than this Cotton. Obama has 250 offices around the states. Obama agitators!
keep fighting the good fight. Repeal and replace not repair Obamacare. Please.
:Time to start carding town hall attendees&verify they belong there!Not fair to constituents w/real questions!
Looking fwd to see what you do with "those people" #arkansas #Obamacare #health
Also, there must be a way to find out who is at the root of these organized protesters.
FAKE ACCOUNT
that facial hair daddy .
When is your town hall in central Arkansas?
great job Sen Cotton!!  Wish I could have been there, you are the best!
sycophancy reigns supreme. Nice to have him lick those shoes clean for you without charge.

As angry Arkansans shout down @SenTomCotton at town hall, @FoxNews moves venue from Bentonville to Springdale
http://fox6now.com/2017/02/22/7-year-old-to-sen-tom-cotton-who-faced-angry-crowd-at-town-hall-dont-take-away-pbs-to-build-wall/ … 
Get used to doing the damage control rounds on TV.
Tom the amazing shit sandwich!
Thank You Senator..American Hero Dance off feel good video for all of us.. https://youtu.be/gXKMzn6udEQ  
AMERICAN TRAITOR is more accurate.
No.
Town halls are for residence of community, demand i.d. w/address & pic to get in.
Trump using Bannon and Kushner is a politician delegating authority to unelected officials.  Deconstruction??
good job senator. You have my vote again.
you are a horrible senator
WELL HERE YOU HAVE IT FOLKS left Wing MSNBC Mika :"It's our job to control what you think".
Thank you for not calling vocal constituents protesters. FYI @foxandfriends you ARE mainstream media
Why am I not surprised to see you on the fake news network? You are a liar and a coward, Tom!
protesters need to learn republicans stand on principle they don't do what's popular they do what's right
Democrats out to stifle free speech by staged protests/shout downs & that is criminal.Bunch of pathetic losers.
Good job, Senator!
NO MORE REFUGEES!
Did you have your cake and ice cream today, @SenTomCotton?

@foxandfriends
: Did u see him at the town hall? He looked like a whipped kitten. I guess no more town halls for him.
Tom Cotton is an American hero.  Let everyone at the Town Halls speak & get it all out that's free speech.
that asshole is NO HERO!
Great job..
If the guvment won't enforce penalties it is not legal legislation, is it? It's a SCAM!
Ur a sexy man Senator! I commend you for standing your ground on stage. Keep up the good fight!
Stand up guy!
He's got the nerve to show up after getting a beat down
Why on earth would I ever do that? So ashamed of my home state.
staged protests by DNC RNC needs to heckle Dem town halls but we have common sense not hysterical
don't sweat these clowns, most of them either didn't vote or are from other states or are paid... good job!
you reek of oncoming capitulation....
nah man. i'm good on that
