Being on the wrong side of this mess will not be kind to you, Senator. Read some history known as Watergate. Is this joker really worth it?!
Hope you apologize to Susan Rice, you know when you called Typhoid Mary ; if you aren't a piece of 
Cotton is rotten!!   Not too smart!!   He is a butt kissing traitor to the USA!!
#Unmask...is that the #diversion word of the day?

#Russia
#Trump
#Collusion
#Indivisible
#Treason
Obama's unforgivable sin: not punishing #Assad for #ChemicalAttacks will current U.S. admin repeat?
yrump was against going into Syria,  said it at least 15 times in 2013 and now he blames Pres Obama!!  Obama ask for vote of Congress!!  No
If you are the future of the Republican party then you and the party will fall...What a joke
TOM SCUMY COTTON MEME COMING SOON
Media talking to Tom Cotton like he isn't a known traitor who barely avoided dishonorable discharge
No, not illegal or unusual. Why are you complicit in diverting attention from the real issue here should be an important question for you
When Ginsburg, retires or dies, she is 82, then Trump can choose a right wing Judge. If another place opens up Trump can choose a FAR right
RUSSIAN BOT @kirsten0602 USED TO ATTACK @SenSanders  & @HillaryClinton DURING ELECTION..@maddow TRYING TO REDIRECT TO MAGA
Very disappointed with Tom Cotton today.  Typhoid Mary? Come on man
'Typhoid Mary'?
As opposed to the Russian spy we have living in the WH NOW!
DO YOUR JOBS!
Wall Street Journal reports that Republican sources stated that the person requesting the unmasking was not Susan Rice! So eat crow!
Tom Cotton called SusanRice "the Typhoid Mary".  THAT is disgustingMr.Cotton.APOLOGIZE TO HER.U wouldNOT have calledA man somethingLikeThat
That attack on Syrian civilians is awful! God bless them,  I am praying for them!
We are all Syrians now!!!   Prayers!!



You are a fraud just like Trump.
Are you that stupid!
Very well stated Senator, but judging by the tired replies here I think you used far too much logic & honesty for the likes of @CNN.
You are sharp as a razor. You make me proud to have you as my senator every time you you are intetviewed.
Schumner's fault. Trump chose a middle of the road brilliant Judge Schumner blocking for no good reason. Gorsuch will be confirmed.
@sean_spicier @RexTilllerson @billclinton YEEEEEEEE! HAAAAAAA! MOTHER F@#%. @BarackObama @realDonaldTrump @SenSanders @HillaryClinton
You're an abomination!

9 reasons to support Tom cotton, you figure out why only 9
Another bluster by Cotton. Where is Trumpster now???
And we should care because? You are consistently one of the most ignorant, Un American and despicable pigs in the Senate. One term at best.
Great job Tom. Keep up the good work and Consertivitism.
If Republicans were smart they would stay off communist news network! Caution always.
Cotton...you are awful for America.
Had a chance to be something other than grandstanding propagandists....Nope. Awful.
TAAS reports Syria took out chem weapons depot held by Terrorists.
Sh/prob see flight path/coordinates/photos - hear communications.
I don't know why u would align yourself with this network or person  Best u go with President if u have hopes for political career
With all do respect Senator Cotton, when you go on a "shit show" be careful not to get any on you. CNN is as fake news as fake news gets!
Even better Toad Party golden boy, explain to earthquake AR where healthcare went if you shitheads ever agree on how badly you'll fuck them
Dubya counterpart, interviewed by Mitchell after Rice (Andrea so good, why no one prior to Rexy ignored): "Rice did her job."
If Ms. Rice is the Typhoid Mary of the Democratic Party, you are the genital warts of the Republican Party.
"Every time Drumpf needs a pussy to hide treason (Rice comments) I'll stand up and be counted, I'm the AR Earthquake!"
Love @SenTomCotton.
Trump's taxes.
Tom Cotton a true American Thank you for sharing 
BRAVO to you!  This is the closest thing to news I've seen on CNN. I'll send it to my CNN-lovin friends, who deserve OBJECTIVE NEWS! Thanks
When you want to take away people's health care, you are just as bad as Assad.
Tom you're a good man.Your patience with@jaketapper is to be commended. Arkansas has a good Representative. I love my vacation in HotSprings
we need more people like @SenTomCotton
The same media who refuses to air any news of #SusanRice rushed to show American viewers video of dying Syrians. #YellowJournalism
Great Sen Tom Cotton
Tom Cotton we know that your long neck ass is prejudice keep your mouth closed about Susan Rice, this is coming from a black woman Stop it
An American president just pointed the finger at these war crimes not to the guilty parties but at the previous American president. Not cool
Why do u pretend u care?   Have come to realize, GOP doesn't give a shit about any of us.  Sad but true.  Can see thru your selfish greed.
You should talk Rice illegal actions since CNN refuses to expose it to their followers
you have zero honor.
You would have probably told Abe Lincoln that...a veteran can have any beard he wants.
Skrrt skrrt
Call out their fake outrage, Tom!  @SenateDems
