


Why is Hillary exempt from being held to the same standard as us???
I can't believe this is how you choose to stand up against Trump. 2020
I agree.
A GOP Senator facilitating the US's slide into authoritarianism isn't the best person to say whether or not Sessions is good man / fine AG.
Good men don't perjure themselves. Or supress voters. Or take property without due process.
Tom, dude, pick one, Trump or Sessions, or right or wrong...
#RECESSAPT......
However, the president is on a personal vendetta trip. It's beneath the dignity of the office.
I wish you would make a positive statement about our president, President Donald Trump.
Do UC Irony in an old Racist Lawyer from #Alabama who fought #CivilRights as a Prosecutor being praised by a man named COTTON?
Lets hope @realDonaldTrump see this stmt. Its just sick how @POTUS is treating @jeffsessions. I hope POTUS pulls his head from his behind.
Sessions is getting exactly what he deserves. This is what happens when you get in bed with the devil. 
Karma,.
Jeff Sessions is a good man and a fine Attorney General. Statement: http://ow.ly/5Je830dUzKD  

Hoping he goes after you for violating #LoganAct during #Iran negotiations.
He's great on immigration. Not so much recusing himself from Russia crap! He serves at the pleasure of @POTUS Not to hurt him
No. AG and DOJ serve the American people not the President. This President hurts himself.
Too bad you suck Donald's. I mean suck up to donald too much
In complete agreement with you Senator Cotton.
When will the Republican Congress finally speak out about this president's actions and behavior?  Is this what you want in a President? #sad
If @USAGSessions was the real Conservative you say he is he wouldn't be pushing #CivilForfeiture The stealing & selling of property b4 trial
Why is it OK for Hillary and Obama to lie cheat and steal and murder our men in Benghazi, to break US laws our AG does nothing! do your job
No Trump (Hitler) said by God he is not..Trump is a lying crupte and shame on the GOP..stand up like a man put them in jail
I can't agree with you but Trump is the only person who could make me feel a bit sorry for Sessions.

I whole-heartedly disagree in every sense possible.
Go after Hillary,  then I stand by sessions
As long as he does not become Trump's "Yes" man.
Perhaps you could be the next AG
Sessions is not  aggressive. Leakers should go to jail. HC destoyed evidence. What will be done? Democrats harass P Trump
Stealing property from poor people isn't a good man, it's a move Hitler would love.
He's a (not so) good liar. You will be held accountable for your actions come election time senator. #dissatisfiedarkansasvoter
LoL ha ha ha
LMAO!
No, Jeff Sessions is not a good man and neither are you. However, Trump needs to stop acting like a school yard bully. Enough is enough.
Agree 100%, but I'm afraid being the better man won't save him.
not really
NOPE. He's a liar who perjured himself.
Jeff Sessions is a racist lying sack of shit. Lied under oath to congress. HE SHOULD BE IN PRISON.
Yes, I agree... but your President is a coward, and a low class human being. It becomes more and more obvious by the hour.
He should reverse his recusal.
No, he's not - and neither are you.
He LIED more than once. He should be fired
I live in Alabama and agree but I stand w trump sessionsshould go after hrc crimes & others. Play offense.
Tell it to the mullahs in Iran.
Agreed
#Sessions can't clean this up w/ few gestures, but something BOLD, or he needs to leave. He should request investigation of Clinton crimes 
He is the ultimate bigot!
Jeff Sessions is a patriot!
screw u, he is doing nothing to clinton and deep state, are u in deep state, mmmm
Civil forfeiture
Yep, he's a good man with whom I happen to disagree on a couple issues. Disagreement didn't used to mean public vilification.
As your constituent in AR.  I ask you to vote No on this Bill. Know you helped write it. This Bill is death to thousands. That includes AR.
why isnt he interested in looking into clintons and the crooked craps they did? uranium 1 the emails her collusion with the russians?
Jeff sessions lied to Congress and lied to the American people. He should be fired
Thank you for showing some leadership!  It is desperately needed.  POTUS is out of control = #there'ssomethingwrongwiththatboy.
@hughhewitt yup great man: bowed for his own honor and allowed full scale direct assault on new administration
I think all that is true.  The issue seems to be that he hasn't blocked leaks and is ignoring the DNC/HRC nasty biz. His job.
Except for the perjury Tom.  That's a problem Tom.
Except for that bit about unconstitutional Civil Asset Forfeiture
Sessions should be draining the swamp of Rosenstein and Obama leftovers while investigating many including Hillary, Lynch, Comey & Abadeen.
Obama & Clintons need to be prosecuted. Do something for once in your damn useless life. Biggest witch hunt/fraud in US history- coup
Should have never recused himself. No special counsels in 8 years for Obummer. Fast & furious, IRS, Benghazi, HRC- man up & support Trump
Tom why have I had to repeat my self umpteen times ! We all love Session, but he's not doing his whole job! You senators don't get it!
Know where that comes from @SenTomCotton who famously wrote a letter 2 our enemies underming our Pres! His approval is worthless
Is Jeff your favorite Confederate General ?
I agree. But he still has to toughen up on old colleagues and get mean for awhile
How do you feel about @realDonaldTrump?
Except for the asset seizure thing, Senator. That is wrong morally and constitutionally. Please do something about that!
Mr. Cotton, I beg to differ. Mr. Sessions is reviving failing policies that have been proven unworkable. Even wants to ban Cannabidiol.
CBD has been proven to help people with epileptic seizures, chemo effects and many other health issues.
So says the man who will never have HIS assets wrongfully seized! 

The 90's are calling Jeff, they want their failed drug policies back.
Agree. Understand Americans need to see law and order restored. Hold those who are above the law accountable.
Is this your brother from another mother?  Both of your profiles are interchangeable. Nah, you are just spreading hate by endorsing hate!
So whats the excuse for you hacks not doing a damn thing to investigate the many Democrat crimes?  U go after Trump but silent on Dem crimes
Issuing a statement on Twitter isn't really standing up for Jeff Sessions. Who would want to work for Trump. He'll stab u in the back.
Yeah, if you are a racist! Since taking office, Sessions has made America LESS SAFE. Daddy trump must have told you to say this - schmuck!
Well to be fair Hillary was for the Iraq War and the ACLU is Un-American so...
He is a complicit worm.
No he is not. Not are you. Drain the swamp by resigning
I stand by AG Sessions but @SenatorCollins & dems, well, it does seem you Rep up there R not for us Americans why not? @POTUS
Tell Trump!
Then why doesn't he go after Hillary and the leaks if he's so fine !???
But the Mooch is the man. That guy is entertaining. He should get his own show with Trump as the sidekick.
Bull shit.
When will you senators stand up against this president? Show some character.
you working for the interest of others not anerican and for sure not people of Arkansas.We all know U have second citizenship.
Your Bully-in-chief seems to want to tweet otherwise... #ADAPTandRESIST
You need to shut down Muellers Assasination Squad.  All based on BS.
He is a #RacistHobgoblin.
and screwed the president
No he isn't.   His stance on drug laws and immigration is abhorrent and unConstitutional.
