Do u know what would happen to your own home town if this went into effect? Tysons would fail, Dardanelle would crumble. 48% of your own
Home town are Hispanics & Latino's. Creating businesses, bringing in revenue. Morello's has doubled in size. Dardanelle's soccer team?
Manufacturers in the area ring your office so much you can't stand the sound of a phone. You're an embarrassment
Thank god @SenTomCotton isn't my Senator. Oh wait...I have @senmarcorubio. 
think that's bad.  I have @sendavidperdue  #GodHelpUs
Got you both beat..Senator Jim (Snowball) Inhofe.
Yeah, you win
2 can't complain to labor board when they r threatened by their employer because they r illegal. Living 4-5 families per resident
Except that it will surely lower the salaries of the higher paid workers/professionals suddenly being competed against by foreign labor..! 
If you care about workers raise the minimum wage.Even Arkansas is higher than federal, now that's ridiculous. You & I both know corporation
Can afford too. It's a disgrace the way large businesses treat their employees now. It's high time to return to the days when a business
Was profitable the employees enjoyed a raise or percentage of the profits. No one can survive on 7.25 & you damn well know it.
As opposed to the highly skilled workers of Arkansas.
Hate the Senator, try not to hate Arkansans.
Hate the far left who threw Mark Pryor out of office for NOT being liberal enough
Never watch MSNBC. Waste of time.
Yes, and you were laughed off the set.
Oh, Tom, please take a basic Econ class.

Increasing supply of skilled labor doesn't cause wages to increase, genius.
Exactly. That's not how supply and demand works.
Tom Cotton is talking total rubbish on this on CNN now. Tv going off.
Interesting plan, Tom. Immigrants get the high paying jobs while American citizens pick fruit in the fields. Great idea.
Yeah, we saw you and your right-wing nonsense. American businesses need those immigrant workers. Ask them. I have
1Contractors talk abt not having enough workers but they pay immigrants pc work so the houses are thrown together & they pocket more $.
I was born & raised in AR. The "speak English" part is what proved this bill's racist pretext. Please stop embarrassing the Natural State.
I listened & thought, there are many in his home town that can't even read, many who don't graduate high school. He's an embarrassing fool
@
You live in a fantasy world if you think Americans will do the jobs the immigrants do
That's BS. If you care about wages, raise Minimum Wage. You know it won't raise wages. We're not as stupid as you seem to think.
Better man than I to sit with that crew Senator. No convincing them of anything. Deep hatred to ruin this country is all they care about
Yeah I saw u. On the us side, there's a strategy. On the negative u stats are all off & will impact economy sorely.Also...unAmerican. Dearly
I listened to this & your other interviews & it is obvious you haven't a clue. It is sad in 2017 to see you pushing discrimination.
Have you answered that young woman in a wheelchair at your Town Hall saying she WILL DIE if you repeal ACA?  Still deflecting?
Sorry, missed it.
When my grandparents came here 2 gens ago, they didn't speak a word of English and weren't highly skilled. 1/
I hope they told you that there is no evidence to support your assertion. It doesn't even have face validity
So,like in European countries.  Does restricting labor supply ever work?
Exciting Russian developments today Senator!
Prioritizing certain immigrants would have no effect whatsoever on American's jobs, and you have NO reputable statistics to prove that
Go on Morning Joe 4 what Reps don't watch MSNBC, for a pack of lies & label R @POTUS all kinds of names, he has done his best U R the ones!
If I was Trump I would pardon everyone and everything and walk away from all of U whiny baby @GOPs see who gets the donations then!!!!
If U don't stand up for are PRESIDENT IN EVERY WAY WELL THEN R VOTES WILL SHOW, at least Hillary didn't make it, but U guys R unbelievable!
are president? We need better public education.
Booo
Sorry I don't like morning joe
so.. what about unskilled workers? what about the future of our agriculture? I guess we are fucked.
Quite a lot of immigrants, skilled and unskilled, came to the US after WW2.

The result?  American wages went up and the US became the
Worlds strongest economy and military.

That was also, not coincidentally, when unions were at their strongest and taxes on the rich were
Far higher.

As opposed to the last 40 years of GOP led fellating the rich and screwing over labor at every turn which has caused so much
Damage economically.
Cotton is merely scapegoating immigrants to deflect attention from how he and his party have been screwing over average Americans repeatedly
You want to raise american wages? Then quit felating the rich and blaming immigrants
=> So, we let the best-skilled immigrants in to make sure more unskilled jobs are open for Americans . . . WTF?
How does bringing in skilled immigrant workers help American workers? I'm asking seriously.
Yeah, WE ALL SEE - your racist white supremacist derriere bare for the entire world to see. Sorry, idiocracy, 1950s never coming back.
If your honest Cotton start at home and raise the minimum wage,but I will bet your telling a lie.....for alternative reasons
Trumps a lame duck prez Rolling out a racist bill disguised as a benefit to Americans WILL ruin you. 33% Remember that tattoo it to forehead
Why not call it what it is Senator? Racism!
You need to convince Graham, Johnson, Sasse, Flake,Paul Ryan, McCain, Murkowski and Collins first.
Racism is alive and well in the senate. Congratulations on trying to codify it
Hell Tom! How many times can you shoot yourself in the foot and still walk?
So following your logic you are looking to cut the wages of the best skilled Americans?
It was funny, but those that support you don't realize it makes no sense and isn't true
Ah....I see you're trying to make your all-white America dream become a reality
You don't know what you're talking about. Spreading racist wrong BS
You can raise their wages by increasing the minimum wage not engaging in racism
We need these immigrants to bring their attributes/skill/resources & start their own company hiring Americans!
Okay. Only let in skilled immigrants to take high pay jobs & leave unskilled positions for Americans. And this will raise American's wages?
How will that work? Now I have more highly educated applicants seeking the 1 position so why do I need to pay more? U got it so wrong!
You aren't very particular about who you hang out with
If you let best skilled take jobs, but not low-skilled, doesn't that mean Americans r left w/ low wage jobs? How does this help? #Economics
Ridiculous concept
Your an embarrassment to Arkansas and the Senate.
I'm sure were wonderful even if you were subjected to the clowns.
@SenTomCotton you are so well spoken! Keep up the good fact based work!
@davidfrum @Morning_Joe If you bring in higher skilled workers, won that just depress the wages of higher skilled workers?
Fighting for! You're just a racist! Maybe you should have your DNA checked! I'm sure your immigrant family did not speak English either!
Really?! Call it what you need to. It's not what America was founded on. It's totally not what my husband, father & grandfathers were
If immigrants are better skilled than U.S. workers, they'll take the better jobs.  Leave unskilled, shit jobs no one wants for Americans
How'd that work out for you, Tom? Don't forget your neighboring state, Texas, and many others rely on Hispanic labor for economic lifeblood.
I suggest when & if  Govt. ever balances a budget & understands economics, revenue, spending& debt we can talk! Not their bottom line!
It's DOA Trump used you welcome to the disgraced club 
Another area Govt. needs to stay out of! Cannot dictate wages they are not paying. It's not their Co., not their budget, not their $!
This is the same crap peddled by the Know Nothing party in the 1850s and Nativists in the 1890s.  Fear and anger towards people not like us
"Bored with trying to rip away health care from my constitients, spending my time chasing DOA bills now." #Fail
The bigger question I have is why are letting them in period.?
You would think with virtually full employment, as exists right now, wages would be rising as companies compete for employees. Why not?
You and your twisted thinking are what's a danger to this nation. You're policy is racist and will be rejected. But you're exposed.
So we take high skill, good paying jobs from American citizens and give them to highly skilled foreigners? Why? Because it's cheaper.
Senator, you go on that show & only 35-people are going to hear what you say. Go on FOX where your audience will be in the millions.
trying to improve on the Statue of Liberty poem you didn't.  Where did your ancestry come from? I must look up your constitution re this.
What s jerk.
Where was you head?  This will never pass, nor should it. there is a saying about artist, "trying to improve Nature" If you thought you were
Your proposal is racist & un-American.
@FrankLuntz helping these bigots rephrase hatred of immigrants? Raise minimum wage if you're so concerned about working Americans' wages.
Possibly the dumbest thing I have ever heard.  One has little to do with the other.  If you care about wages, raise the minimum wage!
If you care about the wages of Americans, support the DOL's new rule that will extend overtime pay to more Americans.
You can't claim to be looking out for workers while working to overturn a rule that would provide overtime pay to 4.2 million workers.
How about scrapping your Draconian bill and just raising the minimum wage?
We prefer WHITE ENGLISH SPEAKING PPL FIRST, THEN MAYBE BROWN BUT LAST< DARK SKINNED - HIGH SKILLED, NO FARM SKILLED< NO SERVICE SKILLED-
Religious arguments aside Mr. Cotton your arguments are not the America I know and love. I hope you don't call yourself a patriot.
I wish you were my Senator instead of the 2 brain dead idiots the voters of WA seem to love.  God bless.
Looks like Uncle Tom Cotton is @realDonaldTrump's lap dog from now on. #TheResistance #Trumplies #FakePresident #DemForce #MAGA
I admire how you stay focused and matter of fact in these issues. Great point on Putin.
You looked so uncomfortable on tv.   Having to support someone you can't stand must really eat away at your being.
Senator, you're living in a reverberation chamber. You repeat the same empty lines over and over again, and you hear only your own echo.
Ugh, ugh - Cotton and Stephen Miller - ugh!!! Dead eyed traitors.
As I understand it, foreign nationals are often brought in and then paid less than Americans demand.
Hope You Get VOTED OUT Especially 4 SUCKING @realDonaldTrump OFF BLOWING SMOKE UP PEOPLE'S ASS
Don't trust you.
Can you explain WHY you would go on a Show that clearly HATES @realDonaldTrump  and is working against him with Deep State and Obama's Army.
You democrats do know this was a democrat bill until they figured out they need illegals votes to win any election outside LA, NYC & Chicago
No stranger had to spend the night in the street, for my door was always open to the traveler (Job 31:32)
Yes, I am sure he listened closely and mocked you later.  Keep up the fight for Americans Senator Cotton!
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP   Anyone going on Morning Joe with those two NUTJOBS @JoeNBC @morningmika shows what side they are on. NO Excuses!
You are so off the mark on this it's  embarrassing to admit you're one of ours.
How r we free if Big Gov dictates wat private busness pays, and who the hire.
Do not oppress a foreigner; you yourselves know how it feels to be foreigners, because you were foreigners in Egypt. (Exodus 23:9)
Dude this bill is perfection, and in line with countries across the globe.
Other countries are not America given our unique history we have a duty to the world to embrace those who want the American dream.
No we don't and there is a historical precedent to curb immigration levels back to a fair #. Especially considering half go on public dime.
Who decides what is fair. I wouldn't mind so much if we were taking in refugees from regions that we decimated due to the war on terror.
Congress, which is why cotton and Purdue made the bill. I hope it is taken to a vote immediately. Find out where everyone stands
Why give priority to immigrants? Why not give priority to the best skilled period?
What jobs are legal or illegal immigrants taking from American's? Please be specific. I'm particularly interested in folks from Mexico.
Ask him,but hold ur breath for the answer the coward
Great Job Senator Tom, finally looking out for America and Americans first. Now let's see what republicans & democrats vote against this.
Don't compare it to the Canadian system. Just. Don't.
YES - the NEW IMMIGRATION JIM CROW LAW! Congrats on excelling to GRAND WIZARD!
Or, you could support Labor Unions-
I love that racism is trumping greed. Keep on pushing your racist immigration bill, that will go nowhere, it takes your mind off of taxes
We gonna vote @SenTomCotton out. He has backed trump from day one to hurt Arkansans and all of America. Cotton is a dick
You do realize there are much more effective ways to address low American wages than through immigration reform, right?
Ok... I'll play... how?
Oh god
Are you a racist or do you just act like one because of your racist dear leader?
I hope Tom likes picking onions in the hot son.
For the right wage, many Anericans would pick them.
I joined Arkansans to discuss raising our voices and our votes by giving priority to the best-skilled senators.
I need to know who is running against Cotton & Boozeman. THEY will have my vote!
#gross
Because giving the high skill high wage jobs to new immigrants raises American wages how?
What, are you like 6 years old?
There is Nothing but Libtards on that Nutty show!!
Senator Cotton - your performance in Russia hearings is a complete partisan joke. Your credibility is shot.
Vote him out
Don't forget you need workers in the farm fields, tending & harvesting America's crops...jobs Americans don't want.
I see you didn't fall from Sessions and Miller. Not shocked same state same type of white clothing
This will NEVER pass through Congress.
so if high skilled Americans come to the US, that is going to raise wages?  Won't that make Americans unable to compete against higher comp?
So you will be blocking the alien work permits for staff at Trump locations. Because Americans can also wait tables and cook?
Yeah, and now the "skilled" fields will be so competitive that itll be Americans with doctorates
Whatever! You are also the one who mocked & insulted the Russia investigation with your ridiculous questions.
Companies like Schueck Steel (Little Rock) hire people who can't speak a word of English, and need an interpreter during safety meetings.
Why don't they hire Amer. Workers?
It call comes down to money....
I like it, Tom! How bout this next: an IQ test at the polls. You cool with that?
And $$  Pay to play voting.
yes!! a fee, to make sure only makers and not takers are voting! we could call it something catchy … like … a poll tax, maybe.
and it wouldn’t be racist, after all — it’s just “prioritizing,” right Tom?

btw WTF did you think you were fighting for when you served?
And we have to give it all a name.  Jim Crow is a catchy one.  
Tom , the bill is already DOA @SenateGOP
GIVE it UP DOA!
Why not support wage subsidy and GUI in place of current welfare programs and minimum wage?
Says Stephen Miller's brother
lol - this bill is being panned by most economists and fact-checkers. Your first issue was trotting neo-Nazi Miller out to present it. Joke.
Your bill would have blocked much of my dad's family from coming to the US, including my grandmother. My father's a doctor.
This is a mean spirited and ill conceived bill.  As a high tech professional I support a move to merit based admissions - not this way
Reduce the cheap unskilled  foreign labor and increase jobs opportunities for local citizenry.As demand rises so will wages and economy
Wake up and smell the coffee. Immigrants are stepping into jobs that most Americans don't want. This bill leaves labor gaps.
Nazis in Arkansas...huh
Back this assertion up with empire has facts.  Otherwise, you look like you're trying to stop America from being more brown than white.
Empirical facts. Duh
...to discuss racism.
Where's the evidence immigration has lowered wages in the US?
I hope you didn't spend too much time cooking up that turd of a bill that is destined to go nowhere.
NPR had a discussion this morning about how bringing just skilled immigrants does not actually raise overall wages. This is a fallacy.
Did you bring your hood?

You're a Nazi.
