I've checked your feed everyday hoping for a statement condemning the POTUS public statements about being a Nazi sympathizer yet, nothing.
I can't help but think of how many post you would make a day if say the POTUS were still BO or (god forbid)HRC and they had done the same.
Washington Times blames Adam Schiff for spreading Russian propaganda by Fusion GPS to fuel baseless investigation!
Democrats intentionally used disinformation from Russia to attack Trump, campaign aides.  https://cards.twitter.com/cards/8q9jm/4jxkb …
As you march in lockstep with @realDonaldTrump - We Arkansans are sick and tired of you not looking out for us.
I am also waiting to see what you say about Trump's beliefs.  Does he represent your beliefs?
Yes they do. But what backroom deals did your president make with Putin before "winning"?
Your leader Herr Trump...loves Putin...everything with Russia is great.
Still waiting for that Town Hall...Did you see the press conference? Do you agree with the President? If you don't, you need to do something
Do something....or you and the rest of the GOP are complicit!!!
Please impeach
#ImpeachTrumpNow  he is a danger to our nation
Please read, slams Adam Schiff, zero integrity!
Democrats intentionally used disinformation from Russia to attack Trump, campaign aides.  https://cards.twitter.com/cards/8q9jm/4jxkb …

Democrats intentionally used disinformation from Russia to attack Trump, campaign aides.  https://cards.twitter.com/cards/8q9jm/4jxkb …
Tom you can do this, just stay away from Trump!
Silent on Charlottsville, are you?  DO YOUR DUTY & IMPEACH this man.
Impeach trump now
What about a white-supremist-Nazi-supporting President? Any consequences for that, Tom?
What do you have to say about your president?
So do traitorous presidents, and his cohort.
how many dollars did u get from this group?
Be a man and denounce @realDonaldTrump
No matter what's going on this guy is missing it!
why do use Fox News, because theyre segregated
Where are you Tom? Afraid to speak out because you want these white supremacists to vote for you?
Washington Times blames Adam Schiff for spewing Russian propaganda by Fusion GPS that fueled Mueller's investigation
Democrats intentionally used disinformation from Russia to attack Trump, campaign aides.  https://cards.twitter.com/cards/8q9jm/4jxkb …
Time to hold a town hall, coward.

I think a few of us would like to have a frank "in person" discussion about a few things with you. 
You repubs need to have consequences for supporting Trump......Period
Tell it to donald, hey did u ever find his taxes? Don't worry Mueller did.
We wait for your statement about Trump's racist unhinged meltdown today. He actually said there were very fine people holding those torches!
Where is your statement condemning the views of the Nazi president and supporting his impeachment?
Are you paying attention to what is happening in our country ? Speak up .

Our biggest threat right now is you folks in the Senate. Stop the war drums!
How about everyone just stop harassing Russia. If they interfered since the 60's when did it become an emergency? WTH?
The president's alliance with the KKK, NEO-Nazis and the white supremacists needs to have consequences too!  What say you?
Aren't you forgetting something - or do you want to be silent in face of a Nazi sympathizer
Really? You are such an obvious Trump Toady. Arkansans stand against hate - with or without you. Bye Toady Tom!!
What about NK and Iran treaties violations?
Hey Tom- I'd love to hear what u say a/b the @POTUS statements today? Please please let us know what u think???
You support a president who was once again commended by white supremacists for his statements today.
President Trump just lost it.  He's unbalanced. David Duke is singing his praises.  Is this the #GOP brand now? #deeplyconcerned
HELLO THE HEAD OF YOUR PARTY SUPPORTS NAZIS. 

Care to talk about that? #NoWhiteSupremacyHouse #ImpeachTrump
speak out on press conference. As scaramucci said "the fish stinks from the head" #Impeach45 #ImpeachTrump
GOP senators supporting nazism and white supremacy need to suffer consequences...
Why are you ignoring the shitstorm that is happening right now surrounding the #NaziSympathizer @realDonaldTrump
Pardon me ~ did you miss the news conference @realDonaldTrump just gave? He lost it on national TV. You might want to focus! Terrifying
Russian sanction bill is insane.
All of the sudden you want to shift attentions to Russia? Ur approval and support of @POTUS  should have consequences and they will nxt vote
What do you think about @realDonaldTrump's press conference? Is he representative of your party & ideas? How can you continue to support him
I would love to know the answer to these question. Unfortunately you have only demonstrated that you are a #coward because you NEVER respond
What about the Nazis Nazi
