Wat about Millions of Legal immigrants stuck in backlog? You do not even wanna meet us. How are going to address our concern?? RAISE is FAIL
That's bullshit, Tom. They're separate issues.
#H1B and other employment based visas should be abolished. Otherwise, RAISE Act is pointless.
First abolish the visas #h1b #L1 #opt alphabet soup scam visa don't introduce this new burden on the hard working Am Ctzs
Protects US citizens from what? Being lazy or poorly educated? Let IS citizens prtect themselves by being the best workers.
Pass the Dream Act. Codifying DACA would be a temporary fix. Praying that you find compassion since they only know  as home. #Dreamers
Just pointing out that people up to the age of 16 can apply for #daca, so it's safe to say a person 10, 12, 15, etc knows their native land
Thanks for your reply, have a blessed day 
Please send out ur research that shows immigrants & #dreamers don't help our economy. U give statements but never show us evidence.
U just don't get it! Immigrants help this country! Most work hard & don't take away jobs from Americans. Not sure why ur against them.
In other news did you see Jr's statement today? Guess he doesn't know it's a felony to lie to Congress! #LockThemAllUp 
"Trey Gowdy GRILLS Comey on Clinton Emails 7/7/16" on YouTube

Just pointing out your hypocrisy cookie!! You get up in arms ehen its the right but ur camp actually commits crimes and its CRCKETS
GreenCard system reform MUST include relief for legal high skilled workers waiting in 70yr backlog ! 70yr wait is a joke.
You are absolutely correct!
Then put the Twitter machine down and get to work on it.
By saying American, you mean white. This is BS pandering in preparation for your presidential ambitions.
Congress will never get this done in a million years much less in 6 mos
.Sorry we NEED the wall we were promised. Not amnesty!!
And NEVER, ever the ability for #Dreamers to vote!
You don't know enough about me or my ancestors to say that.
Mine: Dutch, Irish, French, & Cherokee (Trail of Tears).  I support #MAGA #NoAmnesty
@yojudenz And securing the border. Build that wall!
Stop using American Workers as a hostage. There is over 4 million op n jobs that can't be fulfilled. Read the news
The real problem is Congress doing ANYTHING.
My painters said they have lost jobs 2 illegals & 1 person said her union plaster husband was out of work 4 3 yrs bc hiring illegals cheaper
I cld careless abt sad stories about them that it's not their fault. The law is the law others took 4-10 yrs. 4 legal citizenship No Amnesty
Agree with you! I want to send them all back when they think they have rights. They have no rights it's a privledge to become a citizen
So far, the American worker has been left out in left field.
Give it your best
@SenTimCotton Glad to see someone understands!
No he does not.More than 1M legal immigrants are in backlog for decades.Estimatd timeframe is 70 yrs to get green card.He hs not addresed it
The Raise Act should be a great negotiating tool Thank you. Also, nothing said about the illegal parents of the illegal DACAs. Why not
Use your raise please push it love your raise
You're wrong on this Tom. Do the right thing. Green card reform will take more than 6 months.
Agreed. We have to fix the economics that drive black market labor and that includes revamping high and low skill visa programs.
But if you use that as an excuse to do nothing for dreamers because of legislative disfunction that would be terrible.
@realDonaldTrump immigration laws/procedures need fixing after repeal of O-care, including removing Cong. exemption, real tax reform & wall.
More than 1M legal immigrants are in  #EBGCbacklog line for decades. Plz clear & create #Fairness4Legals @RepKevinYoder @SIIA_US @immivoice
The GOP is poisoning the air/water, lowering the wages & stealing the healthcare of American workers. You don't give a shit about us.
Thank you very much sir 
How is your program going to affect illegal workers at Mar-a-Largo?  Or the additional exemptions requested for addtl illegal workers there?
How about using resources to concentrate on ppl who haven't passed rigorous requirements & given US Gov info that can be used as entrapment
How about doing something about Kushner selling EB-5 visas?
Did you get my tweet about Russians coming to US to have babies born in this country?  That needs to be addressed.
Right on!
Amnesty is a treasonous act
Build the Wall, Pass the RAISE Act, National E-Verify, defund Sanctuary cities & increase interior enforcement. Then maybe you can talk DACA
Please do not forget to address the backlog before you make any radical changes to immigration #Fairness4Legals https://siia.us 
Protect American workers?? You are ARKANSAS! TYSON POULTRY! No white American will work in poultry meat processing! You hypocrite!
YES RAISE ACT OR NO DACA DEAL
RAISE Act does not address employment based visas like #H1B. This renders it pointless and distracting from the real problem.
Pass the Dream Act. & militarize the border
Border enforcement, mass deportations, an end to birthright citizenship and the RAISE act together would be enough to justify keeping DACA.
Have there been studies that show that the Raise Act is smart policy? For instance, what will happen if we slash green cards by 50%?
Will certain states/industries be affected more than others? If so, which ones?
@SenTomCotton in 2024
Sen. Cotton, tell me how it helps these hateful mean destructive people to DEMAND our Government do what they want? DEMAND? SERIOUSLY?
 If DACA gets codified, millions of people will be EXTREMELY upset; taxpayers are tired of taking a beating for burdensome DNC programs
The Congress and Trump are already laying ground to codify #DACA. Meanwhile, there is no single action to stop #H1B visa scam.
Why don't they do 1 like they didn't pass for BO?
NOPE #EndDACA #EndDAPA #BuildTheWall #RAISEAct OTHERWISE enforce what is ALREADY LAWPERIOD Or YOU ALL ARE FIRED
tell me one job that American's don't get due to illegal immigrants?
Construction. Pay is low as many are paid under the table
