How do farmers, construction, hotels, restaurants feel about it?  Don't blame illegals for low wages. Many states pay $7.00 an hour mim wage
Do you realize you say "illegals"? That's the problem in itself!!! ILLEGALLLLLL!!!!!
This is for Legal immigration
No it's going forward...they clearly won't go after LEGAL immigrants with this new act
They're cutting legal immigration in half. That's literally what the order is doing. Cutting legal immigration in half.
I know so many illegals and legals that are just poor and live off the government and send her money back to their countries.while drawling
A muslim ask me for help at a store because they can't speak English they should not be getting Wic. Government program provides food.
Illegal immigrants cannot collect welfare. If their children are citizens they have the same rights as any other citizen. Now a) we dont
McConnell is no Leader for Americans. He always does opposite of what he says. L should stand for Liar. Remove him... he has had years...
Is this a distraction? To keep attention away from Deep State activity? We are looking to REPEAL AND REPLACE the Republican Party. Traitors!
Great Job, Why Republicans don't Stand Together with President Trump, Voters have Spoken Trump is our President, what going on Hateful
Conmon sense solution to solve many problems facing our economy and our safety as a nation in one bill. Bravo!

I beg everybody to honor their own vote & vote out these RINOs - we voted for @realDonaldTrump - these 'people' are shitting on our agenda
Nazi.
National pride
Racism. Bot.
Sounds good to me
I completely support this act. LOVE President Trump too. Good to see a POTUS again that doesn't take shit from people
Exactly!!!  Best thing I've heard in a while.
Love this bill. Change is so overdue. CA libs look out we r going take our state back too!
Sounds like a bunch of bullshit. The whole "you can come but you can't bring your family" if You're a hyperskilled imm. is a deal breaker.
Awesome!!!!! Finally proud to be an American once again!!! It has been a while.
Lost my job to an #h1b #visa this month. Thanks for @realDonaldTrump promise. Lost my #Jobs. @EndTheH1B at Fed #agency #USDA #AmericaFirst
You blame Obama for not arming Ukraine yet Republican platform was changed under Trump to remove this platform. Where was the outrage then?
DOA on the Hill
Start with the Seafood Industry in Alaska first, I do believe Senator Tom Cotton is working on this problem and he is doing a fine job.
WE SUPPORT YOU!! And the RAISE act makes perfect sense. TOO many come here now, JUST to get the freebies, NOT become Americans.
Liberals gonna hate this, smart people don't vote Democrat. Sorry,  people with common sense dont vote Democrat, or politically smart
Please Senator cotton I need a political party to campaign for. We need to put Family's First. Natural God Given Family's. No Money 4 Tears
This emphasis on English/job skills seems disingenuous coming from the party that supports Betsey DeVos and hates college.
And has a first family that barely speaks English.
Do you speak multiple languages?
I do, as a matter of fact- English, French, and Croatian. You? Btw, rump supporters are blocked so see ya, skippy.
Croatian is hard! Do you have Croatian ancestry?
My grandparents came from there.
 It's one of my favorite countries that I've visited. It's so beautiful, and the people were very friendly. Everyone was really
I really want to go. Hoping to go within the next year. :-)
I want a special council on deep state crimes and leaking. Why can't Republicans grow balls?? What are you afraid of??
This is wonderful
My children and grandchildren are bearing this burden because we will not proactively make the decision. But we must or risk losing it all..
Why @SenTomCotton aren't you out fighting for @POTUS. You talk a good game but that is all you @GOP @SenateGOP do! We will remember times up
So thankful, Sen Cotton,  for all you do to serve our country and make it better! Stay strong! We are noticing your efforts!
we are just glad it has no chance in hell of every passing.  Most likely won't even come to the floor for a vote.
After watching LEGAL immigrant get driven outta business by illegals because they didn't worry about tax&insurance or mortgage..about time!
Thnx. to curtail this vast Family Immigrants n DV visa. Plz. add citizen's siblings. Any option for those who are waiting in line in EB-2/3.
Finally Tom Cotton does what we want him to do. Thank you Tom Cotton
There Republican employers whom cannot fill an American workforce. Why? Opiod and laziness. Check you facts.
Extremist! Like Rush said, nothing but common sense.
Get it done
"Immigrants who can speak English..."  Senator Cotton loves America!
The immigrants are worth money to the corporation. This is why and the real truth of the statements given. Seriously!!! Wake up dead people!
The reason the corporate United States doesn't consider the people of the United States is because they are all considered as dead people.

Very short sighted. We could double the # of workers and jobs would also double. Have some patience.
I know this will be remarkable. Cotton doesn't mince words
I thought raising workers wages was bad for business, leading to layoffs. #PickStrawberriesAmerica
You're an embarrassment
Great work Cotton!! #MAGA
But can you get this over the FINISH LINE??!!!!
Thanks
Take notice Senator McCain, this is what a true veteran acts like in representing our American interests. Thank you Senator Cotton
Thank you, Senator, excellent speech!
thank you we need this.
We already have a pool of high skilled Americans,  Senator @TomCottonAR we don't need more. Zero "need" for 35 ur old Indian entry levels
Watch me tell YOU THIS! It's YOUR LAST TERM, traitor TOM. You've voted against Arkansas since you were ELECTED BY RUSSIAN MONEY.
Ty sir 
Twitter is blocking this video
Thank you 
https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/de-fund-subsidies-congresssenate-and-their-employees-get-health-care …
Take people off welfare who want to work and give them jobs that illegals were doing. Or subsidize and work program to fill pay gap
About time, sick of this country being the Handout Nation for the world. I am in full agreement with this new ideal to help this country.
Thank you Sen Cotton. STEM worker, trained my foreign replacements in 2003, worst experience of my life.
Thank You @realDonaldTrump for keeping your promises to the American Workers.
#MAGA
Another shameful,hateful & desperate GOP using immigrants to climb politically @SenTomCotton is pathetic and does not understand values.
Senator Cotton, thank you for doing SOMETHING in Washington unlike most of your colleagues.
So practically you are implementing the same system Canada already has had for years. #ISpeakEnglishJim

Narrow-mindedness will only get you as far as Nowhere, and once you're there, you are lost forever.
GREAT POST TOM !!! FEELS SO PROUD OF YOU !!!
#SenTomCottonmouth embarrasses Arkansas snakes on world stage. Only Standing next to Trump could make him feel competent az a human being.
Cheap labor will be very mad.
NO GOV. HC. U.S. is not socialist! Just repeal and let capitalism do it's job. Restrictions to the HC system too.
Everyday I am competing against thos who are on visas, and can't speak plain English in the medical field.
Keep fighting! It will not be easy!
You're extremely eloquent and make excellent point. A true patriot. Has a VERY bright future. #MAGA
It's a great plan and makes total sense.  Hope it can get passed even by our do nothing Republicans.  S. Miller also had great press conf.
Totally support this act.
How does it feel that you can't get 1k RT but Trump gets thousands on blah blah tweets? Hurts donut?
AWESOME, SOMEONE IS FINALLY LISTENING.
Tom you think way too highly of yourself. Talk with your constituents more. Listen to them.
GREAT! @SenTomCotton , when R U going 2 crack dwn on employers of illegal aliens, shut dwn job magnet? I'd really appreciate an answer
Finally someone who is looking out for Americans. Trump 2020.
I remember back when we took in 300,000 and they had a take classes to learn English and Civics first
@barehander
This was fabulous!!
Haven't read it yet, but I like the idea!
Fantastic! Make this happen!!!
I like you Tom. You got a good head on your shoulders.
Thank you Sen Cotton, this will restore US competitiveness.We will stand with u as u and our great President @realDonaldTrump make history!
Totally Support this BILL!!!
But with the raise act the liberal elites won't be able to hire maids for $100 per week anymore! 
terrible terrible work, senator.
REAL CHANGE!
I like your speech just keep up the good work
DISASTER!!!!
Thank You!
Is this before or after Stephen Miller took a dump on the Statue of Liberty? And why did you capitalize "Watch"?
8 months later and this is all you've been able to do?
Thank you for your leadership
@vivelafra @WhiteHouse smoke and mirror's senate won't pass
John McCain and Graham will try and hurt you.  McCain doesn't like newcomers.  Rand Paul.
Support this 100% thank you for your efforts! Good luck with the #obstructionists
We support the bill 100%. Time for the Tea Party to call the RINOs. 2018 is coming soon. Vote against any member that opposes RAISE.
Racists, unAmerican, bigot! This is coming from Aristocratic privilege. #StopTheHate! #Xenophobe #BadForAmerica (he wants blacks in fields)
So the Senate will pass this? Right. You guys can't agree on anything let alone imigration. You blew health care. Doubt
Thank you finally some common sense coming back to the senate
Thank you!
I like you!
@AnnCoulter @WhiteHouse LOVEThe RAISE ACT!!!
Thank ou for your wisdom and loyalty to America!
Thanks for RAISE - am praying it gains traction and will be accepted as a "common sense" step to our immigration problems!!
Hope you can get the rest of your idiotic colleagues to back this !! I am sick of the non-acting, no backbone members of Congress.
W/ you 100% Tom! Only one that voted against arming Iran, now the main fighter against mass invasion! Thank you so much!
Bogus legislation to try and appease the restless Trump base who fly the flag of nativism @SenTomCotton you REALLY need to spend time in AR
Thank you patriot Cotton 
how friggin tall are you Tom Cotton? You tower above Donald Trump.

Yes, yes and yes! That's what my ears are dying to hear.
Please pass the bill
Tom, you are an absolute patriot. Thank you so much for introducing this bill!
This FALSE logic is EXACTLY why immigration system is broken. H1B is capped too, at 65000 but waivers, spouses, families its busted.
And Cotton is a #globalist CON trying to create a legal basis for immigration for 500,000. Currently it is discretion of USA.
wow... impressive speech
Other countries do it. Makes sense to bring people who will be a benefit to the country.
100 percent correct and deport freeloaders!
Get it done

Solid and well written. Thanks to both you and Sen. Purdue. That's 2 of you working, 98 to go. Healthcare and Taxes before year-end or else.
Not being threatening, just conveying the political need for GOP survival.
So ashamed of you. I love my country, our constitution, and the democratic goals we the people stand for.
I will enjoy Republicans fragmenting on this bill as well. Trump's low polls, off-message nonsense will make this a non-starter. enjoy fight
Mr. Cotton you are awesome! #maga keep up the good work.
@SenTomCotton Please lead the charge to replace Mitch as Senate Majority Leader he cannot bring Senate GOP together & needs to step aside.
Good on you. Best of luck.
Just "Raised" the bar!! Drain the Swamp
Bring in nothing but skilled labor and you'll be paying double for basic work. In other words, you're hurting the ones you claim to help.
Great job! Much needed - for way too long.
Where was the @flotus? What about @tedcruz, oh wait the more names we bring out the more I support this.
Tom you're my hero !!
I am so sorry to know Tom Cotton is from Arkansas , sure nothing for us to be proud of -- but election is coming!
Get it done.  Get control away from the internationally controlled swamp.  Get America back!

All I know is the headline but on the surface I'd support a primary challenge to every Senator who votes in favor of it?


@AnnCoulter @WhiteHouse Great job !
Awesomeness
They were spot on now talk to @SenThomTillis about his obstruction of appointments for MORE H2B visas http://amp.mcclatchydc.com/news/politics-government/article161034329.html … thanks!
Honestly? I’d rather not
Matthew 7:7
“Ask, and it will be given to you; seek, and you will find; knock, and it will be [1/2]
All the nazis on Twitter are retweeting you like crazy.
Ask Trump how many illegals he has employed over the course of his career and how much he has saved by doing so.
you had me until i heard Trumps name involved
Sometimes I'm embarrassed to be from Arkansas. Our elected officials are as dumb as our citizens.. smh..
Great job today along with Sen Perdue
Loved hearing your interview on Tucker! Great Raise bill
It's actually terrible though.. have you read it?
I WILL NEVER WATCH OR LISTEN TO U! U MAKE THE SENATE LOOK LIKE A BUNCH OF EVIL SELF SERVING RACIST BASTARDS. I CANT BELIEVE U WERE ELECTED
Love It! Way over due!
not really....
It's not outdated. It's the premise on which our nation was founded. We're a beacon of hope around the world. How dare you change that!
Right on. We are a nation of immigrants regardless of their education, language and economic status. Shame on you @SenTomCotton
Raise the Roof Sen. Cotton! As a legal immigrant, I applaud your efforts on this 100%
Who is Trump going to get to work at his properties, though? Oh yeah, he'll probably just get illegals like he's done in the past; cheaper.
Way to go and Thank you!
stop shining isreali boots. Traitor
Thank you for leading the way for a immigration system that puts American workers first
But does it??
You realize immigrants cant TAKE American jobs. They have to be given the jobs. 

This is an old tactic where they convince
put out a balanced budget amendment
Thank You Sen. Cotton!
Love Sen. Cotton, I wish we had 50 of him, a smart and good man who wants our country back to being great. Thank You Sen. Cotton, we love u!
“Remember, remember always, that all of us, you and I especially, are descended from immigrants and revolutionists.”
Franklin D. Roosevelt
"Immigration is not just a link to America’s past; it’s also a bridge to America’s future.”
George W. Bush
Thank you! Do not pay attention to the Liberal Soros trolls on Twitter. Voting Americans support you 100%. Please get it passed ASAP!
Not gonna pass. Its trash
Thank you senator! Taxpayers are tired of paying for education, housing, healthcare & food for so many slacker immigrants on welfare.
Which taxpayers are you referring to? Because i pay taxes, and im not against helping others. could you be more specific next time..
I'm tired of people saying Americans won't do these jobs.  They will if you cut their welfare.
Love, love, love it!!!!!
Heaven forbid people learn the English language. Haters are gonna hate, keep up the good work.
America has no official language
Great job, Senator Cotton. Thank you!
You racist sh*t
Thx for all you do, Tom. You're a true Patriot!
For? Trying to cut legal immigration in half.... real "patriotic"..
