If you co sponsor Medicare for all and people work hard to get  now the government will ruin then we will cosponsor asking for you to resign
Educate yourself!
Thank you for standing with @SenSanders & the ppl. 60% of Americans want #MedicareForAll. Now that's bi-partisan!
Thank you! You represent me well.
I still don't know how it will be paid for. Will employers will pay into a federal fund and Medicaid abolished. I will ck you website
You did good, Senator. I'm impressed, for whatever that's worth.
Thank you Ms Baldwin!
Thank you for your leadership. #MedicareForAll   Good enough for Grandma ... Good enough for me.
Leadership would be denouncing predator Sanders not shitting on ACA and loyal Dems. #dealbreaker
I'd rather pay for you to have healthcare like everyone else than keep funding a 600+billion dollar military, bigger than next 7 combined
Why would I do that? I wasborn here. Im just as American as you are; one who believes everyone should have quality care. I should move4that?
Primary Rigger
Who pays for it? How do you fill coverage gaps? Tammy puts the RAT in democRAT.
Do away w Malpractice. Do like NM w capped limits & board review of what was Malpractice
While I do not oppose #SinglePayer, #GermanBismarckModel is a great compromise for #UniversalCoverage with Private, Nonprofit insurance.
Look into @TRReidAuthor's book, #HealingOfAmerica for a description. We could improve on the system used by Germany, France, Japan & others.
Yes! There is more than 1 way to universal care & we should be having honest debates about the different systems.
Precisely! #UniversalCoverage is the goal. Removing insurance Profits reduces costs & eliminates motive for denying legitimate claims.
THANK YOU!
Kudos for being the 1st 2018 candidate co-sponser!!  Thanks 
You know coverage and healthcare are two separate things...right?
I hope so because my girlfriend needs healthcare
Welcome aboard Senator! We got your back from here on.
Excellent! Most efficient, cost effective model.  I grew up by Canada.  NEVER met a Canadian that didn't love their health care.
No it's not. A free market would obviously be more efficient. That's why people don't advocate for single payer anything else lol.
Your "free market" is actually monopolies who make our healthcare the most expensive in the developed world w/some of the worst outcomes.
I want to make two critical point. 1. We don't have a free market in healthcare. 2. This isn't how I'd define a free market, but it is an
Example of Crony capitalism, which borders on downright fascism.
Thank you, Senators!
Makes you dead to me. NEVER promote or support bullies or frauds. Ever. #dealbreaker
So, who pays for "free"? Let me guess, the rest of us
The way we pay for medicare.  My insurance co. CEO makes $70,000. A DAY.  that is a middle man that needs to be cut out of USA healthcare.
Thank you Tammy
Medicare 4 All Is Way 2 Go. We R ONLY NATION Running Healthcare 4 PROFIT. Our Experiment Is A FAILURE. CANADA. SWITZERLAND. UK. Much Better!
We all agree that AFFORDABLE HEALTHCARE is the goal, but do not agree with Bernie that it should be universal FREE healthcare.
Who said free? I would rather my $$ go to single payer as I paid for medicare. vs insurance co.  My insurance CEO makes $70,000.  A DAY.
Wasn't Trump trying to deliver such healthcare, lower cost, transportable etc. Affordable Care Act was unaffordable with huge out of pocket
We need the ACA, not the chopped version the GOP kept hacking away at.  Those problems can be fixed.  Medicare for all would be best.
There is big problem with ACA, using insurance exchanges made/makes it more expensive, and as we saw huge deductibles. Totally uneconomic.
ACA (romneycare)was hacked away to please the GOP. It can be fixed. Medicare for all is best.
I'm an Australian, check it out. Just search this into Google...
Australian Medicare explained.
Stop trying to promise the moon and get real ! Im a life long Dem and i cant take it ANYMORE !
You're damn right!
It's a self promoting stunt,that will only divide Democrats & may result n losses at the ballot box; Bernie harbors no concern 4 Dem party !
Thank you for understanding what is important to me here in Wisconsin!!!
I really wish politicians will HC a REAL CONVO that EXPLAINS THE LOGIC & long-term economic value of #MFA
YES! THANK YOU TAMMY!
Thank you!!!
Everyone should have FREE HEALTH CARE, FREE EDUCATION, NONPROFIT FOOD, NONPROFIT ENERGY, NON PROFIT TRANSPORTATION, NON PROFIT HOUSING..dig?
#PeopleFirst
I'll support it when he registers as a card carrying "DEMOCRAT"!
Thank you
Thank you,  Senator Baldwin
TY @SenatorBaldwin for being on the right side of history and nudging this superpower to become the people we are capable of. #leadership
Sorry but Bernie is potentially real trouble. This is an empty pose on his part.
Thank you!!
Thank you from Wyoming where irresponsible lawmakers refused to expand Medicaid. Our working poor are suffering from no health care.
You promised the ACA would provide all with affordable care at lower cost and every promise was broken. Why should we believe you now?
most agree but no one is showing how it gets paid for, certainly not through osmosis.
You're doing the right thing!
Hey Tammy...how is it going to be paid for?
How about a #Federal #RightToDie law? How about working on that? I don't want 2suffer or put my family through another #suffering death.
UNTIL there is a #law that forbids #doctors from #refusing #MEDICARE patients, it's a no go! Some Dr's grandfather you in, MOST KICK U OUT!
I want ins 4all too! However, r u forgetting that we have a #Repub President, House & Senate? U aware #DOCTORS turn away #Medicare patients?
Bernie has been calling for this for 25 years ,not even your Hack Faux Liberals The Clintons did
Really??what took you guys so long ? You could have passed this instead of your Life insurance Lobbyist Give Away the ACA!
Why not just have Democrats and Republicans work together and fix Obamacare?
Hey Tammy is that the same health care that you and Bernie will have , no answer yet from anyone !!!
Focus Dems! It ain't gonna happen. Do not fall into this trap. Work to lower costs and improve ACA.
Will it be run with the same competency  ad VA? Remember Tammy, you ignoring our Tomah Wi Vets? Socialized medicine in sheep's clothing
Baldwin pandering for votes as always. Affordable healthcare would best be created in the free market.
I thought Obama care was the greatest thing ever?!?? Why are you pushing for this now? And who in the hell is going to cover the cost? U?
The right thing to do. We are the only modern economy that doesn't. 
Imagine if police and fire were 'a-la-cart' as in past centuries.
How are Ivy League Skull/Bones good old money families going to create markets/dynasties in an exponentially expanding poverty ridden USA?
Thanks!
Thank you Tammy! We appreciate your support!
I applaud you Senator :D You have chosen the right side of history. You also just got another constituent, best wishes
Its a service.
corrupt dems push something that won't pass while skating on price gouging insurance companies& pharma. You R fooling no one #publicoption
GBY, Tammy. You should be our next prez. Hey,  now there's an idea! I'm sure unlike Gov. Walker you'll soar like an eagle.
Thank you so much! We'll keep the pressure on and eventually we will join the rest of the developed world with #Healthcare  for all
Thank you. Who will you now convince to do the same?
Listen to Sanders, you know he has integrity, like no other
I'm in.
Respect and thanks.
Thank you!
Did you support Rand Paul ending our hideous wars & putting the responsibility back in the Congress? Or were you hoping to distract us?
Thank you!
Awesome! Great memories of seeing you @CathyMyersWI fundraisers! We need progressive women!
Thank you Senators!!!!
Thank you, Senators!
thank u
Thank you. It's long past time for democrats to stand for the health and safety of We, The People and not the profits of corporations.
Thank you, from one of your constituents.
Thank you Senator Baldwin!
Thank you!!
Thank you!
Yes.  The entire Primary Health Care "for profit" system is IMMORAL and allows people to suffer & die.  That's OUTRAGEOUS!
Go Tammy go!!!
Yes! All Americans deserve equal healthcare 
Cheap political talk. When it doesn't pass, what are you going to do to actually help people who are at risk of losing health insurance?
Yes! Why must children pay $500 for a life saving Epi pen but adult drug addicts get Narcan for free?!?!?!
I've never heard of you, but you have almost 5,000 likes on one post. Take heed, other Democrats. We know who you are, and are watching.
Congrads and thank you. I was fined $700 for not being able to afford insurance in 2016.
Yes! Thank you for your support!
We should also make the rich buy us all homes too! And also like beer? I like beer and the rich should buy it!

Thank you!!!!!!
I did have affordable, and dam good insurance, until obamacare!
Tammy took you long enough
Who's going to pay for this? We're what 19 trillion dollars in debt now? ACA is the rule of the land except for you and your cronies.
Typical career politicians don't solve the real problems u just ignore the solutions 2 protect your own personal gain supporting lobbyists


thank you. Thank You. THANK YOU! Now the hard work starts. We need the backing of the people to get this thing done. #Healthcare
How is this going to be paid for? Print more money?  Bigger debt to China?  More taxes?
At it least $1.4 trillion dollars, it's unaffordable healthcare.
Thank you, @SenatorBaldwin!
Do your job and...FIX OBAMACARE!
Thank you!
Thank you Senator!
All should go on exact same plan then. No special carve outs for ANYONE INCLUDING POLITICIANS. That's ONLY way you can convince me.
And that's just to start.  I also want my own unicorn you political supremacists
Great idea. Let's put inept govt between us and our Dr.  When you take EXACT SAME PLAN AS US, we may support it.  Until then UR NOT my mommy
U socialists.  Look at Venezuela; sure you'll deny that's "socialism". Broke Greece, Spain, a friends near death waiting at ER in Canada?
Thank you!!!
But @neeratanden is opposed to this. She wants democrats to continue to work for insurance companies and big pharma
2 of my favs teaming up!  Thank you! 
do this,also  I WITHDRAW my support for anyone that lets congress delist the wolves and opens up our National Parks to TROPHY HUNTERS
Thank you!
We're being evicted because our healthcare and paycuts are wiping  us out. Please make it affordable.
Shouldn't have to choose between living and a place to live.
Thanks for having more guts than most of your colleagues have combined. #TodaysHero
#MedicareForAll is the best way to get universal coverage.
Thanks, Tammy! I left you a rather strongly worded voicemail re: this issue/good to know you are on board for single payer! #MedicareForAll
You are not lying
Thank you. America needs Senators with courage and vision. Let's do this!
Thank you @SenatorBaldwin very much!
But can we agree that if we can't get there right now, we refuse to let this issue divide the party? NO ideological purity tests, ok??
We have the right to your services for FREE
Every darn Den in the Congress should be on this!
Thank you
Thank you Senator! Gets your colleagues onboard.  Hey @SenSchumer let's do this!
Thank you!
Hell yeah
I'm interested in hearing these proposals debated on the floor as well as stakeholders testimony. We must learn about cost drivers.
It is a miraculous freaking miracle we saved Obamacare. Stop wasting time. Other things to do like fixing Obamacare. Do them.
Thanks!
Got a plan to pay for this?
Tammy please find someone to run again @RepSeanDuffy WE NEED SOMEONE WHO CAN THINK HERE IN THE 7TH
True
#Medicare4All would be a giant step toward #MAGA in a very real sense.It would go a long way toward making unwell Americans healthy again 2.
#MKE & like to know when details of MedicareForAll~ SinglePayor~legislation language avail? Sincerely #WI #MedicareInsureds #MyTMJMyCells
Please tell your neighbour, @alfranken to hop on board this train. Dems need to unite behind this progressive agenda.
CHOO CHOO #SinglePayerTrain
You're awesome.
Thanks, Tammy! ON WISCONSIN!
Yaaaaay
Thank you!
Medicare for all is a fine prospect but do ppl know that in medicare you are responsible for 20% of the cost?
They have no clue about co-pays, or limits on SNF, or not having Dental, or being run by insurance companies. Neither do sponsors.
@SenatorBaldwin u were great today on msnbc... thanks for being a another great smart gal in our gov! We need many many many more like u!!
Good for Sen.Baldwin- If enough of you can work together to legislate MediCare for All- THEN we can truely say it's a right not a priviledge
They need 60 votes in the Senate, majority of House, and pres.  So, this bill has zero chance of passing.  It's a political stunt.
Like we're not already 20 trillion in debt you all spend money like drunken sailors, a bunch of dopes running our country
Thank you, Senator!
@SenatorHeitkamp -  are you supporting this?  Simple yes or know question.  I'll be waiting for your answer!
Are you also sponsoring poverty for all? I mean who's going to pay for this?
Thank you.
More proof #BernieWouldHaveWon
@SenatorBaldwin is one of the few politicians who, like @SenSanders , has been on the right side of history time and time again.
With that, you have the full-fledged support of the people and #progressives for your re-election in 2018! Thank you, Senator Baldwin! #WI
Way to go Tammy!
Tammy I will be honest with you, and I believe you need to hear honesty right now. 

Don't stain your career with this mess.
Thank you Senator Baldwin.  I'm from La Crosse and I appreciate all you for WI, women, and the country.
Thank you, Senator!
Yes affordable care by having a free market to drive down prices and improve the service
Outstanding! Thank you.
Unless the care sux
That's my Senator!
Yes !
Small and medium businesses would benefit greatly from #SinglePayer #Medicare4All
Make this work. The Philistines are just over the hill!
Yay, Tammy!
Thank you Senators
Thanks #Acct4WI2018 a #MedicareInsuredByProxy historically would be a #FaceOfWIHighRiskPool Why?  #FailedTMJImplants #WI and #MyTMJMyCells
Thank you!!!
#MedicareForAll
If we start regulating the poisons we are given as food options our disease rates will drop, bringing down costs of treating just symptoms
There goes team Bernie
"Every American should have affordable care." This is the language we should be using, not, "healthcare is a right." Thank you, Senator.
Yes! Maybe all of you Senator's can work with #BernieSanders. Since #HRC IS FINALLY DONE!
Should every American have right to choose for themselves,or is it the job of Fed Gov to coerce citizens to have coverage as decided by gov?
thank you!!
@clairecmc should also step up with Senator Sanders, Baldwin, and others and support Medicare For All for those in the Show-Me State.
Get the federal govt OUT of #healthcare distribution and everyone can choose what they need.
How do you "choose" something you need survival but you've been priced out of?
Thank you! 
Thank you Sen. Baldwin, this is the kind of leadership that give us hope in a very, very challenging time.
Have you even read it yet though?   oh wait, they haven't released the text yet so. . .   financing? CBO score?
thank you for being on the right side of history.
History is written by the winners, Tammy is not winning 
