Do you remember the Cruz plan? It will make bad legislation even worse.
The Cruz plan will raise costs even more for people with pre-existing conditions.
It'll stick people with junk insurance and bare bones coverage that does not include the guaranteed protections people have today.
On top of that, it'll destabilize the health insurance market and could cause premiums to skyrocket.
Thank you, Sen. Baldwin. I'm proud to have you as my representative.
Why should I trust what you say?
Thank you Tammy!
Thank you, Sen. Tammy Baldwin!
@SenateDems THANK YOU!
Thank you for the No vote and for all you do!!
Thank you Senator!
Keep up the good work Tammy! Wisconsin is proud of you for fighting for us.
Thank you!
Thank you from Madison, Tammy. We love you and know that you're fighting like hell for us and all Americans
Thank you!
R u sure about that? Your party said we'd save 2500 a family instead I'm paying 4800 more and have crap insurance with ridiculous deductible
thanks for fighting for us tammy. Unlike that "other guy".
Thank you for representing WI so well!! My family appreciates you!
I'm voting for you!
You should be working with your President.  Americans will remember you at election time
Keep fighting! Thank you.
Please do. Keep voting no on all the GOP's bs.
Please show our own Tammy Baldwin your support and gratitude as she fights for our lives
What is your solution?
Why not let people decide what THEY want to buy? If you need more cash to give away make a separate tax. Central planning never worked.
Thank you. I cannot imagine what kind of person believes medical care should be denied to any human being. Wisconsin is lucky to have you.
Thank you!
Thank you for voting no!!
Thank you for fighting!   I knew you would have our backs.  
I'm with you thank you for your humane politically values protecting the people
Thank you @SenatorBaldwin for representing Wisconsin!
Thank you!
Thank you. It's a safe bet that anything that Canadian reject tries to push is bad for Americans.
Thank you!
Stop voting via the aisle...and try to support America
Thank you!
Thank you Senator
Thank you Senator!
Tammy say it isn't so
You actually listen. Thank you.
Thank you for fighting for what is right for citizens-basic needs healthcare!
Reelection is near @SenBobCorker @SenAlexander #VoteNo @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins @SenDeanHeller #SaveOurCare @RandPaul Please.
@errollouis Senator, you and your female Senator colleagues need to be America's heroes now, save health for U.S.
Thank you Sen. Baldwin. We appreciate all your efforts.
So. The GOP will approve anything. They don't care.
Please stand strong vote no We are counting on you guys
Thank you
Looks like the Cruz Amendment failed! Is that correct? #KillTheBill
Thank you Senator!
I sincerely thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you Senator
I don't think yes is in your vocabulary. You have failed in every way. Talk a big talk but all you do is resist.
Shhh. You're not in her district
Thank you!!
Thank you.
Do they have a "hell no" option...Cruz is bad for Americans who need help with health care.
Facts
Thank you again from Texas!
Thank you! Thank you!
Thank You!
You will only vote yes if its about allowing illegal immigrants to enter US.
Bot with 9 followers
Thank you!
Thank you.
Why did first Awan arrest take so long???
Thank you for looking out for your constituents.
Thank you Tammy
With you, Senator. Not a constituent but with you all the way.  Stand tough, stand tall, for all Americans.
Thank you, Tammy! Wisconsin & the nation are counting on you to be a voice of reason in this stupendous chaos!
Thank you Tammy, keep fighting for us.
You don’t start a health care debate with a tax cut for the wealthy. A majority of Republicans showed us the "values" they stand for today.
