Thank you for opposing the Exec Order banning Muslims. Trump's actions are making the entire world a more dangerous place.
Thank You Senator Baldwin for your public opposition to the ban!!!
I'm a constituent. Thank you for speaking out. Now, what's next? What will you do to stop @POTUS ?
I hope Dems and Rep can wrk xcross aisle-we nd real leadership in the absence of sanity at WH #MuslimBan
Yes. So what are you doing to oppose this bigoted order?
can't do much to oppose it as a member of Congress. Courts have to unfuck this goat.
Reps have more of a voice than I do. Looking for more than platitudes.
agreed, however you also have @RonJohnsonWI to pressure too. His office dies reply to emails fyi
Just replying to those who pop up on my feed. Currently phoning my Maine reps.
I see, thanks for getting involved
Thank you for speaking up against the #MuslimBan!
thank you for opposing. Please continue your efforts in Congress
@igorvolsky Stop tweeting. Get on the floor of the Senate and protest this bullshit.
Also, no need for foul language. It just feeds the trolls.
yeah VETTED, LEGAL refugeees, however there are too many homeless Americans, Veterans, American children..care 4 them 1st
Thank you for speaking up - be loud and stand firm against this unconstitutional ban that goes against our values
Thank you!
Please withhold consent on Senate business and use the filibuster to stop other legislation if necessary.
thank you for voicing your opposition.
if they are not tied to Islamic terrorists operations.
Thank you for representing what is good about America!
Thank you for opposing the #MuslimBan and standing up for refugees. American is better than this. @SenatorBaldwin
Thank you for your stance on the current refugee crisis.  We need our leaders to maintain our core values in the face of this insanity.
Thank you for representing us!
I agree but if a % wants to kill us we need to do something about that %... What is your alternative?
What can we do to stop this idiocy? Who should we contact to fight back?
we need a leader to organize and unify the resistance
thank you for speaking up!
Words are cheap stand up and ACT
Welcoming refugees from Syria & Iraq makes the U.S.A. Very Unsafe ! Wake up Tammy !
Thank you Tammy, I agree!
Thank you for your voice of reason in these increasingly fraught times.
Thanks for taking a stand against this effort to undermine who we are as a welcoming nation, Senator Baldwin.
Keep FIGHTING this fascist regime!  No Ban, No racism, No sexism!  #NeverAgain #NoBanNoWall
Thank you for being my Senator.  It is a true pleasure and honor to vote for you.
Thank you for your support, continue to resist oppression and bigotry, and vote your conscience!  Make America free again!
Thank you for standing up to this unAmerican ban. Please continue to be vocal in Congress. #nomuslimban
Thank you. Please stand strong against this unconstitutional outrage.
Thank you for your opposition to the Muslim ban!  Please keep being a loud voice against bigotry!
Thanks Senator Baldwin!! Can we count on your support of the Democratic bill to overturn this EO
Thank you!
vote no on Sessions
Thank you for this statement. I'll pray for you and your important role in this crucial struggle in our nation's history.
Thank you for opposing the ban on immigrants!
thank you for supporting what makes us great.
Thank you for speaking out on the immigration ban.
we need you to do more than state the obvious. What have you done to remove Trump from office? Words are no longer enough.
thank you for your stand against #muslimban
Thank you for having the courage to speak out.
Thank you, Senator! Please continue to stand strong against this administration! #fillibustereverthing #resist
YES TAMMY THANK YOU FOR SPEAKING OUT
@JeffAshGB Nobody is stopping it either....just delaying from 7 countries.....quit overreacting.
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you - now oppose all nominees
Thank you for this msg as a WI resident I look forward to seeing Senate actively #resist this administration at every step.
why are u staying quiet about this act of discrimination
This is not the values that America was build Upon #MuslimBan
Silence on the Executive Order effectively instituting a Muslim ban is complicity #Resistance #NoBanNoWall
thank you for speaking up. Please do all you can to help.
thank you Senator Baldwin. This is a crucial turning point and we have to be strong in support of democratic values
Thank you for opposing the ban on refugees.
Tammy Baldwin and to all liberals.  Barrack Obama is to blame for President Trumps actions against muslim nations.
the country needs to hear outrage from all of congress, Republicans and Democrats alike. anything else is approval.
please act now against this ban on any refugees
then pls #StopSessions #NoBanNoWall
Start impeachment now.
Thank you.  Please fight this toxic immigration ban.
words are not enough. As a constituent, I want to see actions directly opposing the ban & supporting refugees.
Thank you in advance for taking ACTION on Monday against the Muslim Ban and Trump's unconstitutional executive orders.
Thank you for supporting refugees and the US.
Thank you Senator!
MORE PUBLIC STATEMENTS, PLEASE.
Thank you!
Thank you for speaking out against this awful EO.  Please do more.  Please!
thank you!!!!
Thank you Senator!
Proud of you for fighting against Trump Muslim ban!
please tell us what you are doing to stop this, a statement is not enough.
we need to take action to stop Trump from doing this to more innocent people.
Thank you for speaking out against the #MuslimBan Senator!
Thank you @SenatorBaldwin ! #NoMuslimBan #NoFascistUSA #Resistance
.@SenatorBaldwin Thank you for speaking out. #NoBanNoWall
what are you going to do about this?!
.@SenatorBaldwin Will you introduce/cosponsor legislation to counter this executive order?
Thank you for speaking out! I would love to hear more abt plans to oppose the #MuslimBan and overreaching EO's going forward
thank you for speaking out. Please continue to fight against hate in any form
thank you for speaking out!
Thank you, Senator.
And? What are you and the other 47 Senate Dems going to do?? #Resistance #DumpTrump
stronger words, please.
you are my Senator. I live in Appleton. Please fight @realDonaldTrump and defend American values and our Constitution.
WE LOVE YOU!
@ChrisJLarson stop voting for Trumpso cabinet choices. Fight!
Refugees, who have been thoroughly vetted, must be welcomed. Please oppose this travesty.
Thank you. I hope you will do all you can to fight for refugees - particularly Syrians.
Please continue to fight for refugee rights. I'm a WI who worked with refugees in Malaysia and Jordan
I so agree. You need to fight against this horrible Trump agenda. This is no longer the same country.
How will you be working to make sure this happens?
Rs think they will come in and save America from prez after Rs agenda is done...Too late. We hear their silence now.
Thank you! Please fight in DC for those who have no voice. Madison is so ready to be a welcoming home for refugee families from ANYWHERE!
@MatterFeminist what are you Dems doing?!
@jjdebenedictis Why aren't you on the floor of the Senate, with every other US Senator, protesting this? DO SOMETHING!
@igorvolsky As a WI resident, I urge you to put your words into action to fight bigotry, racism, and hate!!
THANK YOU senator Baldwin #ResistTrump #IndivisibleRadio #indivisibleguide
please tell us what you are doing to stop the #MuslimBan. How are our Senators + Reps going to turn their words into action?
help freedom ring. Leak more docs.
There is always a choice. https://theintercept.com/leak/ 
Stop Trump.
thanks for standing up to this, and please continue to do so!
“‘The foreigner residing among you must be treated as your native-born. Love them as yourself..." Leviticus 19:34
OK good. So when are @SenateDems going to stop trying to play nice, be cooperative? Stop voting for oligarchs & extremists!
fucking do something. Go to the airport. Introduce legislation today. Stop tweeting and fucking do your job.
A Chicago resident telling a Wisconsin senator to go to a New York airport is pretty fucking rich
@igorvolsky Congress alone has the power to stop a madman. So do it.
thank you for being one of the very few reasons I am proud of Wisconsin these days.
Please, for all humanity, stand up to the hate & fascism! Be on the right side of history! Your party must DO something!
we need more than righteous tweets.
You're going to vote against every nominee then, right?
@igorvolsky Retweet if your ancestors were immigrants!
Please introduce legislation to this effect!
What is congress going to do about it?????
