President Trump has signed a directive banning transgender military recruits http://cnn.it/2wOcBOR 
Not all ppl are fit to serve. Ppl w/mental health issues are one group out of many. Just because you want doesn't mean you are capable.
Being Transgender is not a mental health issue. Believing Trump is honest is.
It manifestly is a mental health issue. That's not a case against or for, but rather a reality...
Congress knows what must be done.  If they truly are patriots impeachment can no longer be a non-starter.
Taxpayers dont need to pay for your social experiment grow a brain Baldwin
So how much more do we have to suffer at the hands of a Nazi ? Get him OUT!
Sen. Enuf is enuf.. Washington HAS 2 get rid of Trump. How specifically can the public help convince GOP its on them 2 act
It's not ok for tax payers to pay for their surgeries
If a citizen will fight and die defending freedom why should their medical benefits  be any less than others?  BTW Most pay themselves.
What does that even mean? He is doing whatever he wants. Your words have no effect.
Words have an effect. Some French intellectuals words inspired the American Revolution and then the French.  Liberté, égalité, Fraternité
Dictator does not listen and does not understand. Sometimes, we need to take action.
Bigot!
Joining the military is a privilege not a right.  There are many reasons why people are not accepted.
Being Transgender is not one of them.
Um... not sure if you read the news but yes being trans is one of them
no problem with transgender,just a problem paying the hospital bill for the operation
The majority of transgender soldiers are no different than civilian transgender,  they pay for it themselves.
You don't get it at all.
This is only one reason to impeach Trump NOW.
And now the DACA thing too!!! He's sending the country backward
@realDonaldTrump is a joke #DumpTrump
What about fat people that want to serve? What about people who have mental problems that want to serve? Do you stand with them too?
@CNN Cannot believe the ignorant/hateful posts..how many of you are willing to put YOUR life on the line?!
It's fascinating that haters are usually impotent cruel abusers know nothing of double sex births in the thousands daily + they're heartless

25th amendment that's or what!
Gender has no bearing on fighting abilities. I've known a few gay men (one was a WWII vet) and were tougher than any straight guy I've met.
We're tired of Dems just standing around!
@CNN, I truly believe this is the worst week,so far, the racism/ hate spewing from our POTUS, heartbreaking
People who want to serve should be allowed to serve, draft dodgers like him need to sit the f*** down.
This is why you will hopefully lose against a republican next year!
It's time that Congress takes action against Benedict Trump as he's clearly not acting in the best interest of Americans nor our country.
When are you and the rest of Congress going to IMPEACH TRUMP ? ? ? ? ?
Would love to see some action instead of talk.  Talk is cheap

It's old practice slaves picked cotton made Masters rich slaves got beaten  hobbled raped tortured murdered families separated kkk Nazi Puke
@realDonaldTrump just KNOW your Cell Mate could be a Transgender!!! Good luck with that one!
They're placing themselves between USA and war just like everybody else.  Why draw attention to their privacy?
Says the Draft Dodger. 
The HOReps now need to do their job and impeach this fool.
“if the Pres be connected, in any susp. manner, with any person, and there be grounds to believe he will shelter...
https://www.bloomberg.com/amp/view/articles/2017-08-08/the-plain-answer-to-the-trump-pardon-question …
Should transgender members of the military seek treatment at the Tomah VA in WI, the one about which you refused to meet a whistleblower?
You would stand with then knowing your background!! Go join the military and see what being in the military is all about! You whimp!
@CNN Especially cuz hes a draft dodger.
Way to go @SenatorBaldwin
Please. Do. Something. I feel like so much more should be taking place to get rid of trump...
Thank you for continuing to defend America, @SenatorBaldwin .
I am absolutely with you Sen. Baldwin.
NATSEC benefits from troops having no big secrets. Trump gave troops secrets. This is bad for NATSEC. Trump is an idiot.
As do I.
Thank you Tammy!!
Thank you Senator.
AMERICA DON"T HAVE A PRESIDENT! #Harvey #TransMilitaryBan #Charlottesville #Psychopath #25thAmendmentNow #ImpeachTrump #GOPworthless
Thank you sentaor.
Brava, Senator. Boo @realDonaldTrump.
Disgusting!  He certainly needs to rid himself of his god complex. He shld be ashamed of himself but sadly u need a conscience 4 that.
You have the power to stop this. Soon we will know what side of history every senator and congressperson stand.
Combat is no place for someone with mental problems.
Especially coming from a coward who did everything he could to avoid the draft and going to Vietnam.
Not unless the rich and wealthy take there place I'm all for that let them fight for once
Joining the US military is not serving our country's wellbeing.
Crooked commie criminal Trump doesn't know what it means to fight for Americans.  He's Russian at heart.

And I stand with you, Senator. Thank you.

The gov spends more on Viagra for the military than reassignment surgery. How is that remotely okay?
I believe this is a hate crime. Trump is a spiteful hate filled President. He is trying to do as much damage to Americans as he can. Impeach

This doesn't hurt him politically, It just helps. And it distracts from things like him being a racist, misogynist, Putin sycophant, etc.
Thank you, Senator Baldwin!
Doing a job that he himself was too scared to do.
I stand with my fellow troops as well
Bone Spur Don avoided service. He's a despicable coward.
Standing with you Tammy
What Dave @dacawa said...
Ironically, Trump faked bone spurs to dodge military service.  Trump is a liar, a fraud, a bigot, and a coward.
