I'm so sorry to hear of your mom's passing
My condolences Sen Baldwin. I'm a former constituent & great admirer.
I am sorry,For your mom please help defeat the HELP for Wildlife Act,The Anti Wolf crowd are scaring you.
So sorry for your loss.
You are a reflection of your mom's kind soul, making a difference. May your mom know peace and you have support always. You have ours
I am sorry to hear of your loss.  I am sure she was very proud of you.
God's blessings, Senator Baldwin.
So sorry Senator. My prayers are with you
Keeping you and your family in my thoughts. I am so very sorry for your loss.
My condolences, Senator, and gratitude for the fine daughter she raised.
Prayers for comfort
Dear Tammy, I am very sorry for your loss.
So very sorry to hear of your loss.  It's hard to lose our biggest cheerleader, but no one can take away those memories.
I'm so sorry for your loss.
Hi
I'm so very sorry for your loss. Thank you for your service, especially in this time of such deep personal grief.
All of us at Team Schreiber send our deepest condolences on the loss of your mother, Senator Baldwin.
I am SO SORRY dear Tammy! You are in my thoughts and prayers during this tragic time! Thank you for everything you do! 
I am so sorry for your loss. My condolences.
I'm so sorry for your loss.
So sorry for your loss.
Very sorry for your loss.
I am very sorry for your loss.
I am sorry for your loss.  She was rightly proud of you.  Thank you for fighting the good fight.
I'm sorry to hear about your Mom. My condolences.
Sorry for your loss
So sorry for your loss
Heartfelt condolences to you and all who loved and will miss her. I'm sure she was very proud of you and all you've accomplished.
Deepest Sympathies Senator
I'm so sorry for your loss, @SenatorBaldwin.
Very sorry to hear about your loss.  Your mom had to be so proud of you
Sorry for your loss.
So sorry for your loss Tammy! I understand I lost my Mom! Miss her dearly! My thoughts & prayers to you & your family! 
May God comfort & bless u & ur family  during this difficult time. She & her kind soul r so proud of u, & will b as u continue the #RESIST
Senator, deepest condolences.
So sorry for your loss
I'm so sorry for your loss, @SenatorBaldwin.
Sorry for your loss Senator.
So sorry for your lost, Senator 
Deepest sympathies for your loss Senator Baldwin.
So sorry for this ultimate loss.
Condolences to you and your family, Senator.
Sympathy to you and your family.
Keeping you in my thoughts during this sad time.
I didn't know, I'm so sorry. Hard to lose a Mother. I know. I am thinking of you.
Sorry to hear of your loss, Senator
I'm sure she is very proud of you, Senator.  A parent that raises a child to go into public service has all of my respect.
So sorry for your loss.  Senator Baldwin.
My most sincere sympathies.
My condolences, Senator.
..Mary's Assumption week 
I'm so sorry to hear this.   May fond memories and love help you through.  You'll be in my thoughts.
So sorry for your loss.
So sorry
May you and your family, in your time of loss, have only good memories of you mother.
Mothers are everything. I'm so sorry for your loss.
Oh Senator Baldwin, I'm so sorry for your loss 
Sorry for your loss
Is there a reason that you and the rest of congress aren't pushing for impeachment or invoking  the 25th amendment? Your job is to serve US
Your mom's face was sweet and kind. I'm so sorry.
I'm sorry for your loss Sen. Bassein. May God Bless and keep your mother and give you strength. Thoughts and prayers are with you.
You have my condolences on your loss.
Tammy, how lucky you are to be the daughter of such a great woman. Carry on
So sorry to hear about your mother. Blessings for you as you remember her life and legacy.
All my love goes out to you. I found solace in the memories of my mother when she passed. I know you will do the same for your mother.
Sending you strength!
So very sorry for the loss of your mother Senator Baldwin.
I'm sorry for your loss. My thoughts are with you and your family in this difficult time.
So sorry to hear this. Losing a parent just stabs the heart. I hope you can take time to grieve. Peace be with you 
I'm so sorry for your loss.
My sympathies to you and your family ms baldwin
So sorry, Senator. Your Mom and you are both inspirations.
My sympathy for your loss, Senator Baldwin.
Cherish the memories.
so sorry for your loss
My sympathy at the time of loss.
Oh, I'm so sorry to hear this, senator. Keeping you and your family in my thoughts.
