Yes. Trump and Putin are in cahoots by Trump's own words.
as phony as a $3 Bill and Trump University
Of course there needs to be an independent investigation. But there won't be. GOP congress too corrupt. Will protect DT.
Me thinks thinks he doth protest too much.
#TheLiarPresident must release his tax returns.  And we need an independent commission to investigate his Russia ties.
I don't believe a word he says.
It doesn't matter what I think, we need an independent investigation.
#impeach
#ImpeachTrump
Well, he lies as easily as he breathes, so "Trump says" doesn't mean much. & YES MUST get to bottom of #TheRussianConnection
I think he does ! He is guilty , ready to be PUTINS Puppet !
I do NOT believe him. I hope a bipartisan independent investigation looks into the Russian interference with our nation!
He is a man of his word. Get to work!
He's lying!
He's lying. We need you to work to expose & impeach him.
He's either unaware of what the truth is or he lies through his teeth. TY for asking for an independent investigation.
did you ever wonder why Obama & clinton were funding ISIS? you bash Trump, i'm ashamed to have you for a senator!
another bald-faced lie
I think this is a distraction from the real issue. #endthefed #TaxationIsTheft
I think he's lying and needs a psych evaluation
He is #TheLiarPresident.  We cannot believe anything that comes out of his mouth unless verified elsewhere.  Sad!
What do I think?!?!?! He should be impeached, convicted, and spend the rest of his life in Leavenworth. That's what I think.
It doesn't matter what I think, but maybe you should spend more of your time working across the aisle to get stuff done.
Of course he has something to do with Russia.  Only an independent investigation will tell us what it is.
I think he and his minions are guilty as charged.
she
Parsed carefully.  May not have deals IN Russia, but Russians have investments in his US properties.
He, @POTUS does not tell the truth and he is not honest! @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems
he thinks the American people are stupid and treats us like we are, even his voter base. @trumpregrets
The man lies when snoring. Cannot believe anything that comes out of his mouth. Not even breath.
.@SenatorBaldwin I think he never expected to win & be caught!  #treason #russia #TrumpTaxes #republicanadministration #dangerousgame
@SharonEPowers1 I think he's a liar
HA HA...yes shouting.
can't this go on tv? I keep calling my WI congressmen and RJ and PR never answer or have voicemails open. Only you have.
he's a liar liar pants on fire. When will a independent investigation be done? He's said it many times Thru the years
I think @realDonaldTrump doesn't know how to tell the truth. His parents taught him to be a liar .
he's lying or he'd show his taxes and business dealings
show us your taxes and prove it    But I've already seen documents proving he does business in Russia.
Liar!!!
the hours of interviews say otherwise. Open your eyes America:((
I think he should release his taxes.
He has probably turned his Russian deals over to his kids, nobody has asked that question.
His alternative facts make me wish for an alternative president.
Investigate. Under any other circumstances, there would be a bipartisan call, and an independent investigation. Investigate.
I think he's a corrupt nut job.
Everyone else around him does. That's why he keeps say "I" (and ego of course)
I think Trump is in over his head and doesn't know what he is dealing with. Putin has him by the balls.
if you punch his tiny testes hard enough, maybe he'll recite his tax returns figure by figure
I think a pole is in order.maybe @johnpavlovitz can help out.
I would like to advocate for an investigation.  Would you support that?
The evidence indicates Trump is a conman defrauder.
republican president's alternative universe is propped by his congress and senate. He lies with no functional conscience.
@realDonaldTrump Simple! Demand his taxes and you will see!
He is lying.
The dems are fake and truly hate America.
I believe he does He is the leak in WH He is the epitome of Demagogue and we will see his treason behavior soon
I think the dems might have something to do with the Russians.  You have no proof. You are the minority. Again
: It is All Lies everything he says is lie, con, cheat. Russian interference is what got him #45
;)When will the independent investigation begin? Of course he has dealing in Russia. I want to see the Tax returns please.
I think we follow the facts. It's that simple
I think he is fake and has already shown that he thinks lying is a strategy.
maybe this could have been used in the campaign instead of focusing solely on his remarks against women. Terrible campaign.
Trump tells many many lies - this is just one of them.
@RonWyden I'm more concerned about this: Trump rambling Russia and Nuclear Destruction –YouTube https://youtu.be/cEo4hpGmjzY 
He's correct.
