Every American should have affordable care. Let's reach that goal. I'm cosponsoring @SenSanders' Medicare for All. 
http://www.jsonline.com/story/opinion/contributors/2017/09/12/baldwin-why-support-medicare-all-and-other-efforts-expand-health-coverage/657254001/ …
Not if you collect just $1 for every trade on Wallstreet!!
China with a BILLION people literally do it. Every other industrialized country on earth uses a form of #singlepayer
Not all facets. Do you trust Big Pharama? Insurance companies? An industry literally made too look or for profit and not people?
Because they aren't looking for a profit and paying their CEOs obscene amounts of money-which is paid for by our huge ins. premiums. Wake up
I agree that every American should have affordable HC but is it really affordable if our taxes jump significantly?  That is the fence I’m on
Maybe for you
That’s what they said about the AHCA. My premium went up 30% in the first year and is more each year ever since.
Believe it when I see it. Been told that before by our previous president.
Also, this may be unpopular but do we really want the gov in charge of HC. They can’t get SS, USPS, Welfare, even a yearly budget right.
Bernie your political revolution is happening!!
Sweet Jesus I hope not
Glad New York State has adopted his free State college for low-income households.
Working should be a must - if you are of able body and mind you should not be given handouts at other tax payer's expense
So how you paying for it? I mean you just raised the dept ceiling! Something's gotta give!
Ass, Gas or Grass....nobody rides for free!
#MAGA
Take it out of the 50billion bush saw fit to ask for our military.  No one over pays lik America.
Why don't you go away.
Where in the Constitution does it say health insurance is a right? Oh ya, there was no health insurance back then.This is a way to control u
It's a human right, that every human should get. We should amend the constitution and add this among others
And how do you plan on paying for this "human right"?
its payed for by taxes, but they will be lower than what we already pay for in healthcare premiums
The quality of healthcare will decline along with it. You want free healthcare, join the Military and earn it
You earn healthcare for being a human being, it's not a commodity that only rich people should have
I am not rich by any means. I work hard for what I do have. How do you "earn" healthcare for being human. Still has to be paid w/ money
If SP saves you money would you object to it ?
except for the fact it is not a right. People on the left should try reading books instead of burning them.
We need #SinglePayer not #ACA that's too expensive to use but #NancyPelosi is throwing Americans under the bus for her Wall Street masters.
Not true. Pelosi is a shrewd politician and knows what's passable. She got ACA passed when everyone else was going to throw in the towel
Pelosi and Obama gave us RomneyCare instead of #SinglePayer. Everyone pays for insurance but the poor still can't afford actual health care.
Bernie doesn't know how to operate in DC like Pelosi and Schumer. Idealism does not play well there, but it certainly does to his supporters
Healthcare is not a right but life is and liberals are all for denying babies their right to life.  Why don't you fight for innocent babies
"People deserve to die from a lack of affordable healthcare because I don't like that abortion is legal."

That's one heck of an argument.
You're right, @SenatorBaldwin: Health care should be a right. Thank you for fighting for universal health care.
Thanks
I'm happy she's my senator!
I'm wondering what's taking @SenSchumer so long.
Thanks Bernie healthcare is our right keep fighting #resist45
Where does the money come from.
Taxes
Right but you will no longer pay a premium to an ins. company or pay a co-pay to your HC provider.
True. I'm a supporter of single payer
Universal sounds pretty broad. This will open the door for more people including illegals to get more Government funded support.
I hear the sound of Government digging into my pocket again, Democrats are very good at getting bleeding hearts to support them.
@EWilliams22101 @SenatorBaldwin Sanders you miss the point as always In a Free Country Healthcare should be an affordable choice
"Affordable choice" would be ideal, but there's too much corruption in the system.  Single payer removes middlemen/corruption.
Who is being denied healthcare? Well, other than the things Obomacare forbids?
I had affordable health care til Obomb came along & effed it up! There's no such thing as "free" anything dumb(_-_) politicians!
Your state probably screwed up on purpose to make Obamacare look worse.
Liked my plan,doc,and price. Nothing Obama said came true. Dems ruined health care! Did zilch to fix it/restore it. Just get worse
Gun ownership is a right. When will you fight for the government to provide me a firearm?
I don't recall the Founding Fathers discussing health care in the Constitution Bernie.
too much gov. waste , private info. and gov. control...way too big a price in a free nation for single pay
We currently spend the most per capita on the planet for healthcare and it is not the best healthcare. #Medicare4All is cheaper.
false, it was gov. mandates that drove up cost of healthcare. co. benefit health insurance cost less than Obama care or Medicare.
private insurance carriers can and will manage cost better if opened to compete in the market place with fewer mandates
Healthcare is not a right. The 2nd Amendment is a right. Healthcare is consumer product. Get the gov't out of healthcare.
It is part of Defense. There are really little enemies that are out to kill us. Further it makes US labor more competitive.
HE IS TOTALLY WRONG LIKE EVERYTHING HE TRY TO DO THE WRIGHT PLACE TO HIM IS CUBA
"Affordable", and a "right", are and should be two very different things.
Where in the Constitution is this written? Anything the Government touches turns to crap. If Gov't is the answer, then how dumb was the Q?
 
Rights neither "should be" or "should not be." They simply "are."
If there's a prize for irrelevancy you would win it,
Long overdue!  Why are we the only developed nation to not have universal health care?  Tired of insurance companies  deciding my fate.
SENATOR GOD DOES THIS TO SATISFY GOD'S CURIOSITY !TO SEE IF WE LOVE GOD NO MATTER WHAT!
Bernie, All the best in your fight. Thanks Senator Baldwin for your support
Just imagine if @tammybaldwin would have cast her superdelegate vote for winner of the state Bernie rather than vote she cast for HRC - hmmm
Of course, it woulda been nice if any of these new supporters had spoken up a year ago. Or 15 years ago... Bernie's been fighting forever!
No it shouldn't.
Same rhetoric used in the OBAMA CARE this time the for runner to Socialism Get on board we going back to 1933 History repeats itself
All you needed to say last year was "and Mexico will pay for it"...and you would be President
Yes thank u come on bernie ur the Mandela of our time
I don't fully understand some people who talk about not wanting to pay for others insurance when we already do it for the elderly.
We all pay into Medicare and social security because in the future we will also have access to these programs why not pay more into it
I bet it really feels like something is happening for you guys. 

HEALTHCARE CANNOT BE PROMISED AS A RIGHT CUZ ITS SUBJECT TO SCARCITY!!!

Love u, Bernie. You're a national treasure and a gift. Anything you need to get it done, I'm with you. YOU made it happen.
Math apparently is hard for some senators... Didn't CALIFORNIA just reject this idea... which is the first tax they didn't like
Guess who's now offering help to a struggling Texas after a natural disaster? That's right. California.
This is COMPLETELY unrelated to single payer being rejected due to cost. Your response is called whataboutism and is never a sound argument
My point was that of course someone talks shit about CA, of course people move out of CA & then they call for help when they suck more.
Ppl move from Cali for better opportunity. And helping each other is called being an American. All this is still unrelated to my first point
Ahaha!! Helping each other out is American while you post about "liberals," retweet FoxNews & all of a sudden "have a point". Wow.
Helping each other during a disaster and forcing me to pay for your healthcare at the point of the IRS "gun" is completely unrelated...
You're not paying shit for anyone. Take your delusions of self grandeur & go help the people of your state out of their rubble. Period.
Please tell me you have nothing to do w/ Russia & not Like Jill Stein @DrJillStein says she doesn't either.That would be sneaky Russian op.
Health care is a service. You can't have a right to someone else's service that's called slavery
we're going to need Health Care Trump's dismantled efforts to fight global warming his administration is horrid @SenatorBaldwin
Has anyone considered the cost of this? Just curious - This totally irresponsible by Bernie and his cronies Amazed by the pandering going on
Paid that $500k security debt you owe yet?Socialst Sanders and his crook wife are a disgrace to this country.
Bernie, only a fascist like you   can propose free care for dreamers before US citizens.
Let's cut the pay and benefits of Congress and Senate to fund. They don't do anything anyway
Who will pay for it?? ME?? Bernie won't cuz he'll be in jail. #bankFraudBernie
Please research "negative rights" and "positive rights".

#MyLyrics           Please retweet 
ratify the constitution if its a right. otherwise its a want
It is literally my job to improve the health/well being of others, and I still cannot afford health insurance without compromising my life.
What is "health care"? Do I just show up at doctors and pharmacies demanding my rights? Do I get free food to not die of malnutrition?
Baldwin & Sanders you get what we get then I know you have our backs
Including congress
Says the man who has a crook for a wife, u need to spend more time teaching her what is right and what is wrong.
Great movement, but step aside and let the women @SenatorBaldwin, @SenGillibrand lead the way on this one. They are our future, not Sanders
"the U.S. stands out for having the highest costs and lowest performance"
Look at the snowball effect. Fall in line the rest of you Corp dems and unite under the progressive left. @TomPerez
Exciting!!!!
This is all a dog and pony show if even one Democratic senator opposes.
The guy still can't differentiate rights from commodities, can he?
Shut up and tell the real reason for government run health care!
Says the people that won't have to pay for it get thoseVOTES while you can keep your voters down don't you dare let them get self sufficient
The declaration of Independence speaks to Lif, Liberty, and the Pursuit of Happiness. My pursuit doesn't include paying the way for everyone
Value Added taxes  the people who use the taxable item pay for it.
100% VAT bullets 
100% VAT hotel rooms $ 250 +
100% VAT recreational pot
Healthcare is NOT a right. Show me in the constitution where it says it is
You coward, 
join the minions,  
no exceptions for congress people, 
then we will believe you are telling the truth.
You can't  regulate behavior, therefore you can't regulate health care.  There is no right to taking care of oneself. U either do or don't.
Even if it was a Right, why on Earth would it be subsidized? No other Right is. The government doesn't give you money for free speech.
Yes please! Finally someone who CARES about people!
Universal healthcare is a big Democrat lie. Only the rich will be able to go to places like Mayo Clinic. The rest will treated like cattle
How are you going to pay for it and make sure it is GOOD health care?
People who works, pay for Insurance (Just make it AFFORDABLE.) Take The Free lnsurance  from Welfare and people coming into our Country. 
Healthcare expenses in the US from Smoking ($170 billion), Alcohol ($253 billion) & Obesity ($270 billion)... I don't want to #support this!
There is no daylight between the argument that a person should not go bankrupt bc of a hurricane and bc of a HC condition. #universalHC4all
Right to life liberty and happiness....health care is personal responsibility.
Americans want economic growth not Commie programs.
Affordable isn't free. Why don't you concentrate on the fraud you promised to eliminate before promising more free stuff
So that leaves off socialized heathcare, as NOT everyone will get care,not enough time or doctors..waiting periods up to 2 yrs on needed HC
Health care for all is an inalienable right! That's all I'm say about that! @nytimes @TheView @washingtonpost @BostonGlobe
That's why u want ppl working at fast food places to earn $100k a year, to pay for ur idiot medical! u're going to tax the hell out of them!
Hello sir how are you please help me please please help me very important please send me money bank account sa9310000009747057006410 thanks
Lmao.   So the government can control the money ?  How has that worked out Grandpa?
You are a lier
@SenSanders @SenatorBaldwin: nothing quite like an echo chamber right?
#bankfraudbernie
It's not th governments job to tell a family they know what's best for them
That's MY Senator!!  Go Tammy!!
Yes please, far away
You want affordable healthcare? Repeal Obamacare and replace it with something that works!
When I was overseas they health care there people, why can't we
States rights.

Do you wipe your ass with the Constitution and then tear it up, or do you just tear it up?
Hey why don't you pay back the cities for protecting you during your failed campaign?
You're wrong senator Baldwin. You did a great job at the VA. No wait, that was a nice cover up scandal.
Now we have 2 idiots loonies instead of one!!!
If govt would get out of the way. We would.
I sure wish my Senators @senorrinhatch & @SenMikeLee  would get on board with this!  Let's move America forward!
Every politician should have. Term limits! Same healthcare as their citizens! Same retirement as their citizens! #TermLimits
Why aren't the house and senate on obamacare?  What's (supposed to be) good enough for us should be good enough for you.
American Children should be able to live their dreams to! Chicago Children are being KILLED any thoughts?
That would require curbing the cost of care.
Would someone please explain to me why they think healthcare is a right and not a privilege? Since when do rights come from others labors?
No. You don't get to decide, voters do. Just go away you old communist dictator authoritarian
Where is healthcare included in the constitution?
No it is NOT a right!!! It should be earned! Not willing to pay for lazy don't wanna work people
It's not a right if other ppl need to support it. I don't want 2 pay 4 health issues of smokers, drug addicts, abortions n obese.
Actually, this would allow for more control over the health of people like that.
Government should not have this type of ctrl over ppl. Not good. Need 2 keep government out of hcare. Socialized med has more neg than pos
@SenatorCantwell @PattyMurray waiting.
Why should it be a right?
Keep up the fight for universal healthcare!
Behold as the Democratic Party grows a spine only one year too late
Please do not preach when you have perks most of us only dream about.
#NoSocialism
#NothingIsFree
It won't be fair. To many already on welfare or don't want to work.
How will they pay their share?
This has nothing to do with healthcare just a healthcare insurance power grab by the government. Any Hosp will treat you already.
But it is not a right and I don't know why you keep misleading the ppl
I don't want government insurance

You're doing it Bernie!!!
Food should be a right.. tax everything
BUT, H/C is "NOT" a right. America is broke, $20 T Debt & growing. If onlycongress had been more responsible with taxpayers money.
Rights are arbitrarily made up by people so yea it can be a right
Bernie will pay for everyone's health with the money they defrauded banks of
What about lowering the cost of drugs so there is not a 500% markup on them? Regulate drug and medical costs. It's a free for all.
If we have universal healthcare, a key ingredient is that we will be able to finally negotiate drug prices . Which will lower them for all
@HillaryClinton says wealthy USA can't afford Medicare for all. She didn't say why. 

https://www.forbes.com/sites/traceygreenstein/2011/09/20/the-feds-16-trillion-bailouts-under-reported …

https://www.usnews.com/news/articles/2016-09-09/report-post-sept-11-wars-have-cost-479-trillion …
Yea and I should be a millionaire like you
No Tammy, not "affordable". What's affordable to 1 person, bankrupts another. SINGLE PAYER OR NOTHING!  NO COMPROMISES THIS TIME!
Can we get ponies too?
Is Congress going to be exempt from this law as well?
Crock! Bernie Sanders is peddling a crock of crap to Americans! Don't buy his BS! SOCIALISM SUCKS!
Do you enjoy paying astronomical premiums for your healthcare? MFA would stop this. You must be a republican.
Yeah Senator Baldwin! Let's do what's right for 99% of Americans. I don't care about 1%ers.
Bernie is in the 1%
Third world country
@SenSanders , great movement in the right direction of 2017.  Thank you @SenatorBaldwin
It is a right.  If u want it,  BUY IT
Then how come we don't have the same health care as you do ?
Because we aren't government officials, pretty simple…
QUIT SPREADING YOUR LIES SANDERS! YOU WANT HELATHCARE JUST LIKE ENGLAND! WHAT ABOUT THE LITTLE BABY THAT DIED BECAUSE ENGLAND'S HEALTHCARE??
Free cars and houses for everyone! Vacations should be a right too! No one should ever have to earn Anything Ever Again!
SENATOR ALL THOSE IN THE PAST BECAUSE OF LOVE THEY PASSED GOD'S JUDGEMENT! I KNOW MANY ARE REBELLIOUS !GOD REMEMBERS THOSE ;AND HAS WAYS!
Healthcare is a Human Right not a corporate right!
And while your at it, give us free plumbing and electricity too!
Those are your words.
They are yes
Really Bernie so u going to get ride of the insurance companies. Im in. Get rid of all billing
#RKBA actually is a right. We need universal granting of firearms.
If murca read past the headlines and stopped listenin to the rest of murca they would be alot less stupid.
Health care for all works here
Americans are one healthcare crisis away from bankruptcy. 
Thank you Senator for representing America. 
VATs value added taxes. Hotel rooms
Wrong! I'm not paying for it Bernie
SENATOR TELL ME THIS? HOW ELSE WILL A FATHER TEACH HIS CHILDREN? AND THOSE OF THE DISTANT FUTURE; HOW ELSE WILL THEY LEARN ?
show me where it exists in the bill of rights?
Affordable? Not like the "Affordable Care act" I hope. What do consider Affordable? I remember when companies paid for it. GREED killed that
Sanders means free for freeloaders. The rest of working America PAYS for it. NOTHING is free.
Referring to healthcare as a "right" is good for momentum on Dem side, but highlighting the economic benefits of M4A broadens overall appeal
Doesn't look that universal if it's only America... what about the other continents?
WOW!
just wow!
Man if you say universal health care it better be universal
educate yourself
I'm just kidding my dude...
Not a right Bernie
I'm guessing you weren't very strong in economics class!
With single payer u wont make it that way,again there will b a board who decides who gets what and when and why. ZOGIN DE EMIS bernie
Board?  You mean a death panel?
Absolutely, they will work off a bell curve.the only ones to get better health care will be the illusionary 1% that libs complain about
Totally agree, and then they scream racism, hatred and entitlement
Striking for a fair union contract without scab replacement workers should be a right. It's not in the US or South Africa.
SENATOR GOD HAS DONE THIS TROUGHOUT HISTORY IN THE TIME OF JOSEPH OR ELIJAH AND MANY OTHER TIMES!
bill?
well if it's such a ducking right Bernie, then y do y'all Dems showing such opposition when comes to passing a
Why don't you fight to put your supporters on VA Care. That's a government run single payer system they'll love.
Why not pay back the 2.6 trillion you borrowed from social security trust fund before you add another unfunded govt program? Be accountable!
Bernie should of been Prez!
Yeah then everything would be free and no one would have to work.  And it would rain cupcakes and we would ride around on unicorns
Where do you get "free" from this? Infowars or Fox ?
Oh I don't watch either of those
$20 Trillion in debt... http://usdebtclock.org 
You cuties
Do you drive on our streets? Use our police? fire brigade? Hospitals, highways, snow removal. All "socialism"educate yourself man
Read this thread.. Applies to you also.. you don't even know what you're talking about.  #uneducated    https://twitter.com/baobat1/status/907452659895910400 …
Amen!!!
As long as the there's money in Washington & the big corporations have everybody by the-you-know-what, not you or anybody can fix health c.
No it shouldn't
Please stop DIVIDING our party
