why dont you sue companies that make milk of magnesia and the whole galaxy for daring to use "milks good name"!
Most ridic thng evr. Would b even if there wasn't greater things to b concerned about. $ talks, greedy folks will be bought.
Let's all kiss one of the bigge$t, most destructive, misleading, unhealthy, cruel industry's ass!
This is #cronyism. I guess us peasants aren't smart enough to know soy milk doesn't come from cows. Vacate your seat #tyrant
Honestly, with the way the powers that be are getting set to rape our natural resources, you're worried about defining milk?
the definitions will lay groundwork as to future definitions of other product categories. Words mean a lot
Stop plant-based products from being mislabeled as butter! We cannot tolerate deceptive product names like peanut "butter"!
Nothing better to do in the legislature? #GotHempMilk? #GotAlmondMilk?
it's not mislabeled it clearly says the name of the nut on it. This is harmful to the plant based community!!
This is ridiculous. People using these products are intentionally trying to avoid dairy or minimize how much they consume
Should we also stop  calling   Coconut  milk?  Wouldn't  the  whole  thing   be  considered  picayune  politics?
people know what they're buying! The don't want to support an industry that murders for profit.
So government subsidies and price controls are not enough to save the milk industry? Stop the govt overreach!
People are waking up to the horrors and unhealthy facts of dairy. You can change the name but facts don't lie.
Wow, you are so ridiculous! Should women's breast milk also not be called "milk" for the benefit of WI's dairy industry?
Labeling Cow's Milk as "Milk" hurts our #TasteOfNY Dairy Shepherds! Taking a stand for REAL milk -- which comes from SHEEP!
as a tax payer who helped pay the salery of the person who came up with the name, I feel I'm owed an apology and a refund.
Then what will we call "milking the system" when $200K a year Senators work on trivia instead of the country's business?
What utter tosh. It's not labelling affecting sales, but people's choice not to buy cow milk products. 'Free market' USA?
Please leave office forever.
more like the rape juice act.
shut up! Caring about your farmers and the dairy industry more than those persons affected by animal products... Hypocrite!
"Milk" referring to plant based products dates back to the 1300s. I now dub thee, milk-trump. http://www.etymonline.com/index.php?term=milk …
Treating people like idiots who don't know that soy 'milk' is not from an animal hurts everyone.
So, consumers are idiots? Maybe you should hang out with your constituents more and you'll see we have a modicum of sense.
Are you serious?

Just as long as goats and sheep count as well as cows! WI makes some of the best goat- & sheep-milk cheeses in the world!
had sheep milk-cheese for the first time at Cheese Fest in Monroe back in September. Absolutely delicious!
I take it you've never heard of the radical new food called "coconut milk".
dairy industry is filthy & involves rape, kidnapping, torture, and murder; plant-based is better for everybody & planet, too
 milk industry DID THIS 2 THEMSELVES W the manipulation of their product through antibiotics & hormonesit's killing the 
nutcase attacks Trump, now goes after non-cow milk. Insane!
ANIMAL EXPLOITATION IS NOT CHRISTIAN!
what are we going to do about the peanut butter people Tammy! I'm a 5th gen butter Churner and they are not making "butter"
If people want cow milk, they'll buy it. If they want almond, hemp, walnut, cashew, flax, or any other kind we'll buy that.
Actually dairies should call it cow milk. Why support trying to dupe #consumers? Healthy industries use clear #labels not #deceptive ones.
awful! Bad for economic freedom, bad for consumer choice, bad for the planet. Stop this.
With all due respect, we're not idiots. No one is confusing plant-based milks for dairy. We're making a conscious choice.
this is a special kind of stupid, ma'am. You're joking, right?? 
how? People know the difference between the two. Competition & health concerns are beating dairy milk.
this oblivious effort is maddening!!!  Your state's @SpeakerRyan is out to destroy #ACA #SocSecurity #MediCare. #PRIORITIES
Aren't there things to be more concerned about right now, i.e. the confirmation hearings without background checks?
I mean, come on. We're going through what may start a constitutional crisis, and flouting of congressional precedent.
Maybe Senator Baldwin got confused - thinks it's MILK weekend, not MLK weekend.  Maybe?
This is an issue only for those who can’t read.
Let's make the dictionary have only 1 definition while we're at it! (Prize winner for most self serving waste of time ever.)
Let's focus on saving Medicare and Social Security!!!
Seriously?  We are about to lose the ACA and you're worried about making it harder for lactose intolerant people??
I'm from Wisc & this is the most ridiculous thing I've ever seen. We have real issues to deal with. This isn't one of them.
insane! cows like plant based milk better & so do i. "act" is absurd & responsible for tremendous greenhouse gas omissions
I generally agree with you, but this "Dairy Pride" act is a waste of time. WI industry needs to become more sustainable.
https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/milk 
No one is confused by this. People just like almond milk.  Get over it, waste of time.
As someone living in WI who is allergic to bovine protein, am I really "hurting" the economy if I buy Almond milk instead?
I'm sure you were paid off by the dairy industry to promote this. Shameful.
@InLWithLBeingL @SenatorBaldwin No, she's legit trying to pander to voters. Folks in Wisconsin are crazy about cheese & farming.
indeed
The COWS like the plant based "milk" better!
Absurd. People don't "accidentally" buy almond milk or nut cheese thinking it's dairy. What a wast of taxpayer money.
this a pretty low assessment of the intelligence of Americans. Insulting.
it won't matter, allergic to dairy.
What about the millions of cows who live in horrible conditions and whose babies are stolen from them? #boycottdairy
No risk of confusing the two for me. I'm allergic to cows milk....
So much do you get paid to endorse big #WIAg ?!
what kind of dipshit is actually confused by this?
Another case of self indulgence and misuse of tax payer dollars. No one is confused about where non-dairy "milk" comes from.
.@SenatorBaldwin this is patently ridiculous, and i’m honestly embarrassed that you’re endorsing this.
Here are more facts hypocrite @SenatorBaldwin doesn't want you t know about dairy. #GoVegan #AnimalRights @erinjanus
#hypocrite @SenatorBaldwin against AGCC but advocates 4 animal ag that produces more greenhouse gases than all forms of transport combined.
Coconuts are filled with milk. This sort of anticompetitive protectionism costs you credibility.
It really depends on how you define milk. For instance, coconut "milk" is not a dairy product, lacking lactose.
I fail to see this as a big concern, like rly?. I understand the difference btw cow, nut, or legume based drinks.
this is one issue I don't get. Believe me. People know when something is dairy or a replacement beverage, no matter name.
like soy milk?
non-dairy "milks" have been shown to be scientifically  way better for individuals than milk from perpetually pregnant cows
I know you've got to support your constituents, but "milk" doesn't have to come from greenhouse gas producing cows.
I know almonds & coconuts would be tough, buy WI farmers could be producing healthy/earth-friendly soy and hemp milks.
