Tell me oh-great-wisconsin-seer, why am I paying for pediatric dental in my monthly health insurance premium when I don't even have kids?
Bcuz those damn CEO'S r collecting mils in annual income It's about profit. These guys golf with Don can u
Oprah is a CEO and collects millions. Do you think she should keep her money?
R u serious her millions help ppl globally
She never gave me any.  And Obama never gave me a free phone neither. Smh, smh.
& exactly how important r u that u don't put ur pants on 1 leg @ a time like the rest of us.
I don't wear pants.  I dress in blue leggings and wear a red cape.
Seems DC with GOP is the perfect place 4 u u'd blend right in
Thank you!! Proud you are representing Wisconsin! #VoteNoAHCA
Thank you for representing your constituents!!
Thank, Senator Baldwin for fighting to protect our health care
Thank you from Pennsylvania!
Thank you Senator Baldwin!
they sent you to be a bipartisan servant of the people. tip 1 stay away from pelosi and warren. they are both bad news bears!
We didn't send U 2 Congress 2 do the bidding 4 Healthcare lobbyists who give 2 your campaign accounts
Darn right we didn't! Keep up the great work, Tammy.
Thank you Tammy from my whole family.
BOO HOO. You lost.
If that's your idea of political commentary, you really suck at it. Aspire for something else.
Healthcare is not being taken away. Quit spreading untruths and be a leader.
Troll!
E
I've forgotten why we sent you!? We sent - you?
Thank you for standing up for the people.
thank you for standing with women, children, elderly. We are only as strong as the weakest among us! 
Thank You Senator Tammy Baldwin for All You do for USA, For The American People and for All Your Constituents! 
What did they send her to do? Fail. To not succeed, to not do a good job representing her state?
I'm with you Senator. Please work hard to block this health care bill.
are there good people in Wisconsin because that's where Paul Ryan is from.
THANK YOU FOR BEING MY SENATOR!!
fight hard for us Tammy. we believe!
Reminds me of when the ACA was passed and millions lost their coverage due to excessive cost. But that congress doesn't care about me.
Thank you @SenatorBaldwin. Apparently @JimPressOffice does not feel the same.
Thank you.
Stand tall...by the wayhow many abortions have you had?
I can't wait to vote you out in 2018
@SpeakerRyan hear your Senator. There is life after the House.
Not for @SpeakerRyan.
Thank you!!!!!
Don’t need your vote hun
551 days til 2018 midterms!
You lose fool!  #MAGA
Nobody is stealing healthcare from anybody.Every American should determine whether they want health ins or not. Not a Communist dictator
That is exactly what Obamacare did to working Americans with the 40% Cadillac tax - wake up!
Now hear is an uninformed breeding idiot. Apparently you've no idea the span between days and years... Incredible!
How can YOU be sure of what will happen to someone else?Previous CBO score says 24M will lose healthcare. I call that taking it away!
The people of Wisconsin did send Trump to take people's health care away. What a shame!!
Well you "rust belt" people should have been paying attn. All Trump has ever done is LIE and most of us saw that early!
MAGA USA USA USA!!!
haha you lost
The public needs to be reminded of that. Republicans work for the big Healthcare companies.  Not the people that have benefited from ACA.
The Republicans did not want Ll these Americans to get low cost Healthcare in the first place. So they had to ensure such the law is killed
Government give me things!!!!!
Thank you for coming to the #SaveOurCare rally today it was wonderful to have your support and hear stories from your constituents
Obama Care will eventually take most people's care away from them because it is failing.
A lot of companies opted out of Obama Care already. So, we all pay higher premiums with virtually no coverage for many.
Democrats are just trying to hang on to Obama's failing signature health care plan because they do not want to admit they screwed up.
By the way, tell Nancy Pelosi to take her bogus stats, and go away!
Thank you Senator Baldwin!
#UnitedWeStand
#UnitedWeStand
Why be Dependant on the govt for healthcare anyway,just go away govt. Dems and reps your all slithering snakes In The grass all of you
You already did that by not fixing Obamacare. Perhaps a start would be canceling your special health care bill and be just like the rest.
Outstanding!
How do dems keep getting elected when they keep liying to the american people. AHCA will bring the healthcare out of gov and to the people.
I doubt you have long there.... "enjoy" it while you can- I flipped from blue to red because of you and @HillaryClinton
One less autistic person to worry about 
Yeah, and this will make it much more affordable :^)
They sent trump to do that
No they didn't they sent Ryan there
