@FriendEden100 @SenateDems    The Republican Party Are Gutting The Middle Class & Poor ( America's Backbone ) Need For Life!
The GOP will start with genocide of the poor!
CutsTo Medicaid On Their Agenda .
That would be a very complicated task & potentionally harmful to many.
Yes, & it is already starting! 
I can't remember what I tweeted. But always nice to get agreement. :)
  
Oh, MEDICAID cuts. (Love dancing to blues.)
Don't waste your time. He WILL be confirmed as the rest have.
Please vote no! I know it won't matter because Republicans can't wait to gut Medicare.
Thank you senators. Tom Price belongs in prison, not the U.S. government.
And you might loose with all the drama going on ...
obvious U are just following party line to slow down and oppose everything new admin. Is trying to do.
@Sibenjam @SenateDems the results of actions to take medicare away for a voucher is going to harm elderly for years to come.
...POTUS admin that Medicare/aid is not getting cut.
need to increase taxable income ceili g for SS and Medicare to 500k
stop obstructing and do your job.  I can't wait for the chance to vote against you.
Hello. Merrick Garland.  That is all.
elections have consequences
Agreed.  Just commenting on your obstruction observation.  Peace 
@SenatorBaldwin @SenateDems I give you all credit, you must be as exhausted as the rest of us.  Stay strong!
trying to install fear doesn't work in the modern era. You should stick to know, most are up for reelection soon
Thank you Senator Stabenow for fighting for ALL Americans, although a lot of us are too misguided to see it yet 
STOP FEARMONGERING MONGERING.  Work with Price instead.  That is your job!!  You're on notice.  #StopStabenow2018 
thank you senator!!
your going to be voted out in 2018
@Tawanda46 @SenateDems You know what? After the two cabinet appointments just ok'd I don't trust a single Democrat anywhere
just gets better every day
Thank you for standing up for Michigan. Proud of your record so far! #NoSessions
The Democraps have no power to stop anything. Wake up you lost the election and you lost the power.
You guys are sinking your party even more. Hope you and others lose their elections next time
sinking deep into the cesspool of democratic crap
Thank you!  How do ppl not see these noms are NOT good 4 average Americans but FOR corporate greed? Unbelievable!
Too late.  You already spent the money.
Just do your job and vote. Give him the chance to get to work. Fear mongering  doesn't help.
11-6-2018
just wondering why republicans and democrats can work together and for the people boths parties are bad
@SenatorBaldwin @SenateDems medicaid pays for nursing homes, w/o medicare how do families pay? & when homes close = job losses.
unbelievable but their paying millions for protection on trumps weekend golf and wife in NY protection
not to mention insider trading! #leveltheplayingfield
please stop this stupidity and move on. If you continue to participate this will be your last term.
And don't forget throwing old ladies in wheelchairs off cliffs too, remember?
horse hockey. Another fear mongering lie from the left
Medicare alone doesn't cover much. My Mom has a 600+ supplement plan to cover her needs. It's also been said by ...
GET IT YET!!?? TRUMP VOTERS!!??
Medicare CANNOT be compromised.  I'm a disabled baby boomer & must have Medicare coverage. I'm terrified. Stop him.

A spy claimed trying to use my own live playing music to learn how to sing to prove that I am not the only one who can sing along to music.
Dems use tactics just like the Tea Party did, get in the way, block, make a loud noise, protest heavily.
Never hear  reductions in welfare but constant scare tactics toward seniors. Find the fraud it's there!
Medicare for all would be less expensive for all. Choice of supplemental coverage is up to individuals
boycott and vote against all the Trumpies' appointments..
, because as a MD, he could not his Ferrari payments with his Medicare reimbursements .
and in 2018 say goodbye to your seats you obstructive, lying dinosaurs.
more scare tactics? The election is over, you lost.
I am a doctor. Tom Price is dangerous. Pleaseask legislators to say no. You are at risk.
STOP THE FUCKING LIES you are the ones who destroyed ALL healthcare in this country
Stop the GOP terrorists!
NOT just seniors rely on Medicare.  Young working families will have to choose betw granny and junior W/o Medicare!
keep it up Senator, please do your best to protect Medicare. You have our support! #StrongerTogether
Will any of you read Coretta Scott King's letter on the floor of the Senate?
Dr. Alveda King said Coretta would have not felt that way today. Would feel positive about Sessions.
your constituents are asking you and your party to do their jobs. Approve cabinet for president & stop obstructing
Merrick Garland ring a bell?
What's wrong w/improvement? Seniors have to have a supplemental insurance policy to cover what Medicare doesn't
Thank you for standing up for all of us.
Always using scare tactics! I guess all the seniors will go without healthcare - what a lie!
Can you better explain what is being proposed?
Thank you Debbie! Keep it up!

..is your agenda to push fear..you know thats not true..it's time for you to retire..you want to obstruct.
Seniors stand up don't let them gut Medicare!
seniors stand up for your children too! They will cover the gap and pay a heavy price
thank you! And also, HHS protects health care parity for LGBTQ 
Will Price enforce that??
I work 4 an AFC (adult foster care) company in MI.  The clients we serve are on Medicare/Medicaid.
Dtabenow, u r an embarrassment to the state of Michigan, stop hindering the grownups from doing what we voted for
