@SecPriceMD  change that instead of messing with ppl who are sick, poor, struggling You are a Dr before a businessman No?
I shouldn't watch your videos right when I wake up. SO ANGRY
HOLY crap. Did you not read this? What the ...help me out here.
I watched the town hall and was screaming throughout the whole thing. Man can that guy tap dance & obv. did not read the bill.
he's a LIAR
He is totally! I was so infuriated! Sadly so many people will be hurt! @WubsNet
he knows what's on it this is the GOP agenda take from the poor and give to the rich
@daveweigel  As Long they write in Congress has to take what they pass!
Because he is in cahoots with big pharma and ins companies! #Shameful He take from poor to line his buddies pockets!
Shame
Tom Price is a demon.
Quote of the day! Will the REAL TOM PRICE PLEASE STAND UP!
This real is Tom Price by the way, no seriously
It's b/c b4 Obamacare Ins co's were taking ur premiums & using most on PROFITS/SALARY for its CEO's rather than on healthcare
If life was a game that money could buy, the rich people would live and the poor people would die. #CNNTownHall #GetoBoys
Thx D.Bash for trying to speak coherently & logically w/Price.He belongs to another era, Nazism where basic humanity was zero
Even his argument re equal tax rates at the same income level is bullshit. Hedge fund managers' rates far less.
@daveweigel the only people Trumpanzees stand up for are the rich, Nazis & Putin. #RESIST @realDonaldTrump
PRICE HAS TO GO!
indefensible. 
look at him. Just look at him. What was expected.
@TopherSpiro @CNN
"Repeal & replace" instead of Amend is to hide repeal of wealthy's taxes of 0.9% inc & 3.5% on investment which pay subsidies
Can't stand this guy. He's talking over and through Dana Bashg.
he agrees that ppl should pay different taxes based on income but disagrees that ppl should pay different taxes based on income
I wouldn't say they "stick to their guns"; they refuse to admit they're wrong, ever.
They pay off the CEOs or else the insurance companies will not participate! What a ripoff ... This is complete Bulls**t!
Barf!
Because as you cut health care for millions of Americans, you must take care of those CEOs, poor things.
Indefensible.
Deplorables have been hoodwinked. They are getting what they wanted: the shaft and I'm not talking about coal mines.
Hey @CNNPolitics would the tax break be for the executives or the companies? $ goes to shareholders, not execs #bigdifference
priorities lol
After all the rich need to get richer whenever they can
Tax breaks for CEOs but the good news is we're taking away food from poor hungry children. Thank God Repubs have priorities. @CNNPolitics
Only the little people pay taxes. Thanks #1%Gang-GOP
WTF?! Did he really just do that!
Tom Price attempts to defend the indefensible.
what a bunch of koolaid drinkers commenting here. Blockheads, how would you like ur profession to be tax more than others?
stuttering CNN doesn't know what to do when common sense answers her in their way #fakenews
no that is not what it said...
.@CNNPolitics Apparently this is his Price Line, except he's forcing us all to go over the cliff with him & @realDonaldTrump. #ACA
poor health insurance ceos have been suffering w their 7 figure salaries
Don't know much individuals in the streets making $500 000.00 and up. What the hell is he talking about?
@shanekaiglenn while taking HC from tens of millions #disgusting
@daveweigel Then FEDS Shouldn't Have Had The POWER to Create TAX CUTS for RICH for 30 yrs Which=BIGGEST INCOME EQUALITY!
@daveweigel The "fact of the matter" is, this guy is creepy.
In an ideal #DontheCon Kleptocratic world.
He sure did.ACA pays4itself w/variousTaxes it raises,repeal isNot about$$$ it's aboutKeeping poor impoverished @CNNPolitics @daveweigel @CNN
Not only does this buffoon not understand the bill but he says you should lose insurance so a CEO parasite gets a tax break.
CNN is all about class warfare.
This man has no idea what he's talking about
it's a #TrumpClaim that taking away healthcare from more than 1 in 10 Americans will evolve a tougher American.
remember it is the policy of hc executives that will decide your level of care recd from your doctor. Obamacare curtailed that.
want to take $trillion out of health care? Remove insurance.
hc ceo of the big 5 have salaries in the $10s of millions. Yeah they should pay less taxes. What does everyone else think?
Yup, the rich get richer, and the poor are going to get poorer. WTH
the masses have to be important not just the elite. We know where his loyalty lies.
@ASlavitt Price understands $400M in lobbyist money and the $ that corrupt our voting system.  Ryan +$4M, McConnell+$6M. Price?
Tax breaks for CEOs making millions but higher costs & less coverage for the average American? This is political collar crime.
@RepTomPrice is a liar and a fake. Blaming Obama for @GOP giving the rich tax breaks while taking from the poor.
because he has friends who are CEOs and why not give the guy who takes home $27 million a year a tax break.
to be clear she's wrong- it's a tax cut for their employer, not the employee
SKIRT THE ISSUE & DON'T ANSWER THE QUESTION ASKED DANCE - basically they don't care about YOU!
CNN, show us your health plan since you want to control our Government?
come on Dana step up your game. You let him skirt around that question and in the end prove his point....which was a lie.
Tap Dancing Tom...@CNNPolitics @CNN
The cap on salary is so health care doesn't rise and we, the ppl, aren't exploited. Why is he defending the rich?
Why?
baffle them with bullshit.
but insurance CEOs definitely have worse reputation than health sector CEO s
That clown price is so fill of it
he is a crook and a liar, just follow the money look at all that money he put into Healthcare stocks before taking office.
Don't you think the people who buy the insurance should be getting the tax breaks. Retweet if you agree.
I'll give it to them They're very good at spin. It's BS but they stick to it
@Eamon0303 @CNN Tom Price is Trump's blunt instrument for the rich.
WTF!!!!
LIES The old bill limited the tax deductions insurance companies could take on CEO bonuses this bill gives them back in spades
Trump's entire cabinet is crammed full of rich people with no regard for their fellow human beings.
@ASlavitt my response to this is 
Now what? Cause this part of the movie sux, BIGTYM!!
Tom Price, being surprisingly empathic and indignant ab disparities... on behalf of wealthy executives. Empathy fail.
A certain segment of society that has made you a wealthy man Secretary. The hypocrisy is staggering....
this guy talks about insurance as tho the nsurance company has a right to screw US or they're administering treatment.
So corrupt they dont even hear how bad it sounds.
As if they need a tax break, they can afford health care
One more glaring example of the rich saying it's raining while they're pissing down the backs of the poor
@CNNPolitics @LaurenWern @CNN
some health insurance CEO's pay themselves with perks $100,000/hr UNC for 1, greed is what has ruined the economy
He id defending his and his boss benefactors Healthcare Execs paid for his campaign. #ImpeachTrump now save our democracy
the inside trader-they all need to go. To prison
Remember, @SecPriceMD is a @realDonaldTrump appointed #FakeOfficial just like @EPAScottPruitt
another #SwampMonster n #administration that can't see that the #Poor Rnot making same amount as #TheRich &getn taxed more
https://www.etsy.com/listing/472037952/anti-donald-trump-pin-womens-movemen-the …
@PrincessBravato @CNN I wished Dana Bash would have just reached over and flicked him in the nose...
Of course he would! That's all he knows or cares about!!
Price tried to come at her with, "you read it." Yes, she did. Maybe he should have read it, too.
@mkraju Tough work: defending the indefensible and unethical.
Of course he does! Psychopaths of a feather flock together!
omg they don't do shot but sit back and collet money from the poor.
...my BP went up about 50 pts watching that shithead, hey @cnn, do it again and have a debate format...
That is bc @TomPriceMD is in the upper wealthy group that will get the tax break. He will walk away with millions while we
survive, pay r bills, eat or have healthcare.
tax policy prefers income from certain sources. Like capital gains. It's not equal across the board.
I  these lairs get what they deserve!!
He acts as though it's belittling to the uber-wealthy to not get richer off of the sick and dying.
Of course. Tom Price is a shill for insurance, medical industry. He even got stock tip, lied about it under oath. #CNNTownHall
we already tax based on income amounts and income sources differently. Stipulations on income from public sources is wise.
Price is the devil
of course he does
Why should the CEOs get a tax break? Why not me? Why not everyone?
Be doesn't even know what is in the Trumpcare bill.
Eliminating a previous government overreach & punishment does not in any way shape or form equate to tax breaks. CNN FAKE NEWS
He's so full of it!
Btw is not a quote break. Is a bracket.
@ASlavitt @CNN "defends"
After having to care for those without ins., hospitals will have to raise co$t$ & rest of public will pay again!
& Bogus law$uit$ with ab$urd payout$ were part of what jacked up co$t$; HMO companie$ waste patients time/inferior care
the guy with cancer told him he was happy with ObamaCare & He was scared of future. nothing Price said made me feel better
I thought Price was cruel in his answer to the guy with cancer. when U R sick  all U care about is having good care
He's a disaster, however he thinks he's helping his cause. Nobody buys this shit, even when plied wearing a shit-eating grin.
He's wrong. It's not for CEO's, it's a tax break for the insurance companies themselves. You'd think he'd know.
no thing worst than when u try to justify ur wrongness. He Doesn't care abt the live of others what kind person
@ASlavitt he is sickening.
hahahaha he owned your station. Love it. You fell right into his grasp so he can show you how it's done
But its cool if insurance execs said "You should pay more because you're a woman or a condition is hereditary." #patientsfirst
Scary Tom Price lies with a creepy smile
vote for @ossoff
BAM!!! Pardon the pun. She's just not very versed in tax policy in general. searching to make a  point and makes herself look..
oh, sure he does$$$$
He had ZERO IDEA about this but 30 seconds later he has an expert analysis 
This #Trumpcare town hall is crazy.
whatttttttt. Ughhh he had to go yesterday
Keep selling all of the lies. Keep telling everyone it is so much better. Now vote delayed. Changes planned.
on someone's payroll I assume.
it's not and has never been about middle and lower class people. Never. It's a them enriching themselves over and over again.
Trump makes the rich richer and keeps the middle and lower class down!
 wow price
I would think CEOs of large companies don't need tax breaks on anything. When it comes to money how much is enough?
CEOs are getting rich off of people's illness. As long as heath insurance is for profit, it will never serve people's needs
WOW!  WHAT A BUNCH OF BULL
moo

UR disingenuous. U warp a bible verse 2 assert ur moral fortitude & advocate compulsory conformity 2 ur charitable ideals funded by others $
He makes a good argument for Medicare for all, do away with the insurance companies & these CEO's whining about pay get $0.
Gee, doesn't make me sympathetic to someone who earns million$ providing me needless shuffling of doctor bills and checks.
well, 45 and crew are all about tax breaks if any kind for rich not a working man's pres
He's so happy to give those executives extra income, and the rest of us crappy choices between health care and food
what's dangerous is him and the rest of that clam running this country. get them out of the WH soon as possible.
I don't know how people can not see through this charade.
not just ceos, it's surtax on anyone with comp>500k at health plans. They're doing fine with that tax there, by the way.
this was the point where my head almost exploded. The tax break will be for the profiteering insurance companies, idiot
BTW, OBcare didn't do that So step back & see if u can improve on that be4 u diss poor Americans
Ya, they need them while 24 uninsured lower income workers face early death cause of no access 2 affordable healthcare
He is an idiot.
Forked tongue spews words of no value.
what a bullshit artist.
ACA closed tax loophole in exchange for not implementing complete government takeover. Insurance companies should be grateful
the problem with these GOPs is dt they believe poor people are poor because they are lazy... They see themselves as hardworkers
they aren't making Barbie dolls!  They refuse to pay claims in the name of profit so yes, no special tax cut for you!
@HHSGov @RepTomPrice
Welfare for the wealthy. How dare you Price. At what cost do you sidestep your morality.
DEPLORABLE!
Sec. Price: you get to live on my income, afford health insurance, manage a budget. Just like real people. Try that!
That money is our premiums.  Health care should not be a for profit system!
@GlennKesslerWP so tax credit for people to buy insurance, and insurance co. can use said $ to give CEOs outrageous salaries?
the company pays tax for salary over $500k. not a hard ban on paying execs more than that.
@TopherSpiro @CNN Disgusting.
HOW does one defend tax cuts to  millionaires that ends up costing the lives of others due to lack of medical care,HOW?

I'm against this bill, but she mischaracterizes it. company could pay execs more than $500k, but overage gets taxed.
@SecPriceMD He has to toe that line,I mean its not as if GOPers have stopped believing in trickle down;even if it never worked
of course he would ... pathetic !!
@mkraju What an unbelievably moronic headline to defend an incredibly ridiculous policy.
A dem bill for a special tax on the CEOs of gun makers? Opposing it a defense of tax cuts for rich according to CNN
it is said that a Antichrist will raise up and rule the world, its here and we r paying them.
Elect Jon Ossoff for his seat in Congress!
