Pls Rt-make a bigger impact & Share Real life stories of people the #AHCA will harm

@SenStabenow @SenGaryPeters This Michigan constituent urges you to fight!!! Withhold consent and filibuster!!!! #trumpcare
#ShowUsTheBill Exactly what Obama and Democrats did. Then we found out you were hiding all your lies told to Americans.
That is a lie! The Democrats had hearings and there were Republican amendments to Obamacare.
Mostly technical. Not the core
32 substantive and 129 technical. At least you are acknowledging that there were amendments and putting that lie to rest.
That's just another SLIMY thing that the GOP's done this year!They've become the Party of Greedy Dictators (being led by their Trump LEADER)
You liked it when Dems jammed it down Americans throats with ACA
Oh sure.  It will be cheaper to line up all the "sick, lame, and lazy" who no longer have health care and just shoot them.
Emergency room care is just that.  You have to pay for it, it is not free.  If there is no insurance, there is no (affordable) health care.
Universal care doesn't mean you subsidize others.Taxes have a purpose; not all without a living wage have a choice. Health supports society.
Was gonna say incompetence but that's plain as day, hardly hidden.
A dead girl or a live boy? That is usually what they are hiding
 @GOP wont hold hearings on #Trumpcare or even agree to #ShowUsTheBill.
What are they hiding? 
THIS  #TheResistance

@LouiseMensch 

Thread-
Alfa bank/Kusner healthcare connection
…
Russian oil billionaire next investment - U.S. Healthcare
Same crap you were hiding on Obamacare
Enough with hearings already. It is time for Congress to do their jobs and legislate.
Show us the Bill. Can this even be legal?
Certainly no more than you fools hid in Obama care
That you are obstructionists. You did the same with Obamacare
There were lots of #ObamaCare hearings and lots of #Republican amendments to the bill. Didn't you know that?
Republican amendments? I don't remember any not with president Obama in power. The democrats owned that bill.
There were 161.  Your memory is not a prerequisite for the truth.
Your answer is so vague, I have no idea what you are refering to.
They should be impeached or whatever can be done for dereliction of duty, not representing their voters! GOP= Greed over the People.
Any Senator that votes yes to a health care bill that he hasn't studied should be arrested.
Was disappointed that no one asked Comey what was on the menu at the private dinner with Trump.
If this isn't totalitarianism, what is?
Authoritarian, Kleptocracy . ...on the brink becoming a Dictatorship. ..
CAN'T VOTE YES IF YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT'S IN THERE.
We have defended Europe and Japan for 2 generations. They have Universal Healthcare, and we don't. Please do the right thing for us all.
How would the Dems improve ACA? Generate and publicize those ideas--please. The comparison gives us something to fight FOR.
Great idea. You Dems will only try to slow up the process. Looks like same thing y'all did on Obamacare
HYPOCRITES ? meetings on Obamacare? Their were none. According 2 Pelosi Republicans had 2 pass it first in order to know what's in it!
He's the talking turtle!
What were all the hidden items in the ACA which NO ONE READ however PELOSI kept promising was Soooo Goood for the Country???? Two faces!?!?
Maybe the Russians are writing it. They must have something on McConnell and Ryan for them to be this blindly and stupidly loyal #vote2018
Don't recall Dems showing us the bill either. Hypocrits!
Can you hold your own hearings just to show how ridiculous this is?  Thank you for looking out for all of us.
Majority rules lol #Democracy! Thank you  @SenateDems for paving the way!
@SenateGOP  FIX ACA, Do your job!! https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/6/13/15792276/trump-obamacare-map?yptr=yahoo …
she definitively  needs to be replaced
oh my lord, not claire
They are nothing but a bunch of crooks from the top to the bottom.
They know you won't read it and will wait until it is passed to see what is in it. That is pelosi leadership.
Shame
Turtle food
They R hiding everything so they can BLAME DEMS as Obstructionist.....when in REALITY they (GOP) R NOT inviting Dems to participate.
@SenatorBaldwin Don't worry you have to pass it before you read it. Both Reps and Dems can read it after it passes. DTS!
They are hiding that we are all going to die sooner under their plan. Why tell us?
@potus 60% disapproval rate shame on the other 40%
Time to shut down the Senate. Please do whatever you can to slow things down and draw attention to this unconscionable backroom secrecy.
When 2018 rolls around, the way to change it is to get out and vote, teach the GOP a hard,humbling lesson. Vote.
Too bad - you all only want it your way!  Get over it and get rid of Obamacare.  Healthcare should not be political not single payer either
@realDonaldTrump can you respond to this before calling dems "obstructionists"
Crooks lark in the dark, in secrecy.
The GOP isn't hiding anything they hold all the aces just like the Dems did when they covered up Hillary's crimes and swept it under the rug
They are hiding the fact that they will gut coverage to most Americans!! They can't do it publicly! If all covered no need for secrecy
Hiding the harm
"We will just have to pass the bill to see what's in it". How dare you even go there? NO legislation to even reign in big pharma from you
Don't attend hearings, go talk to reporters GOP Senators don't want to! Stall, stall, stall!!!
Love this courageous women. We need more politicians like her. Hatch looked sick, old and mindless. We need to revamp Congress now.
Fight... Fight for all of us... Fight for what is right... Do whatever it takes!
Shut it down!
I should have voted for hillary
STFU and keep playing dead - that's all Democrats are good for.
Show us you're fighting! Make more noise on this!
Thought you gave them free reign on AHCA for some dumb Russian sanctions shit. Maybe work harder at pretending to fight the gop on anything
Fight this abomination with everything you've got. Millions will lose access to health care. Don't keep your powder dry! Fight now!
WELL BETTER FOR DEMOCRATS IN 2018 and 2020!  THIS IS A GRAVE TRAVESTY UNTO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE BY GOP REPUBLICANS!
Dems need to get tough! Fight for people not corporate donors.
I spoke to @JohnCornyn 's office this morning and the staffer said that "any Senator can provide input to the committee." Is that true?
What are y'all doing? #WithholdConsent Fight dirty. We need you.
The GOP must be held accountable.
Death certificates.
Republicans= Republic-cons.
You can hide but you can't run!  Next year Democrats rule!
Use your power to halt this, Dems!!!
They are hiding their traitorous unadulterated greed #StopTheCoup
Keeping fighting.  We got your back on this!  GOP will pay at election time.
Shut the Senate down. People will die if trumpcare is passed. Any delay is a good delay. Make Rs read the whole damn bill to the public.
what is the Democart plan to fix ACA?
BECAUSE THEY DON'T WANT "WE THE PEOPLE" TO KNOW THAT THEY DON'T KNOW WHAT THEY ARE  DOING  DUHHHHHHH!!!! HOW SAD THESE GROWN MEN PRAY FOR US
The f****** they have for all those ppl that they promised 2 help & ppl like me who knows their concerns r for the rich
Toomey's office hung up on me AND I am hearing that people cannot get through
EVERY SENATOR has a dedicated healthcare staffer. Here are their direct phone lines & email addresses. CALL TODAY!
POTUS IS NO LEGAL NOVICE
@SenatorIsakson @Perduesenate ... what is your position on the GOP health bill ....
SHOW US(A) THE BILL.  WE STAND FIRM
Then the DEMS need to be putting out ads about this. Sitting around whining is not the answer
How is this LEGAL???? How is this CONSTITUTIONAL???? When did our representatives stop representing and answering to the American people?
Maybe you have to pass it to find out what's in it.  Sound familiar?
should have passed single payer instead of AHA (Obamacare)  Oh, that's right. You were paid off by Big Pharma & Insurance.
Time to call Congress & get them to reveal healthcare bill for all to see. Healthcare is NOT just for McConnells 13 male senators. America!
Phones are flooded; try email?
You know this is going to be bad when it comes out. That's why it is hidden. They want to pass it before we know how bad it is.
@ChrisVanHollen counting  on you to deny unanimous consent and everything else possible to stop this travesty
This is from the party that put their bill together in secret and told America we will know what is in it when it passes.  Disgraceful
Unreal
The atrocities they are committing on the American people with the #AmericanHealthCatastropheAct. Gotta pay the rich sycophants more.
Just like the Dems did in 2009
DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT!
What were you Clowns hiding when you repeatedly conducted closed door meetings for Obamacare?
Maybe you should have been working on solutions to your Obamacare that by the way you let nobody see before passing!!!
A bunch of frustrated old, white, religious MEN making decision behind closed doors.  Makes me sick to my stomach.  BOTs need not reply.
@RoyBluntMO The Republicans may pass a bill that leaves 23 million without insurance and premiums that the poor and elderly can't afford.
Poor babies @SenateDems .  Just like when you @SenateDems passed Obamacare!!
Umm no, the ACA had over 100 public hearings and amendments by republicans.
And the @SenateDems rejected all, so we got Obamacare with only Dems votes,  lousy healthcare except those on Medicaid who don't pay a dime.
That must render this bill non existent.
Sickening what the Republicans are doing. The republican party has been hijacked by hoodlums. They shall be replaced, each and every one.
#liars #righttoyourface
This is not a government for the people. And I feel there is nothing we can do about it.
AMERICA IS NO LONGER ABOUT DEMOCRATS, TRUMP WITH THE HELP OF MCCONNELL AND RYAN REPRESENT A NEW FORM OF DICTATORSHIP!
@GOP have only one mandate. Cut taxes for their corporate handlers and the 1%. And try to hold only power. Shame on them.
You have to pass the bill to see what's in it~ Nancy Pelosi
They are hiding you leftists will no longer be covered for a waaahmbulance.
I will add my name to the FACT YOU WORK FOR US, WE WANT TO SEE YOUR BILL THAT 13 WHITE men put together!
#DEATHCARE Republicans are passing it behind closed doors zero public hearings #DEATHCARE we need to have marches asap call your Congressman
@GOP @realDonaldTrump what are you hiding? Cuts to viral health programs and bigger tax cuts for wealthy? @WhiteHouse hiding something.
Well Trump Care will decide the next election
@SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP smelling rotten tomatoes in @GOP AGAIN. What great surprise in store for underdogs that don't matter anymore?
Time to turn the House 2018
#GOP up to their usual no good ways,they shouldn't b n office,they r not working for the ppl,just themselves,kill Health Bill #R
@MitchMcConell is the slime of the earth .... seems after yesterday his wife is too.....
We already know Repubs  are willing to force the sick, disabled and elderly to pay more than they should or are financially able #Resist
BREAK THE DOOR DOWN!!
EVERYTHING!
.. Only thing left is a civil war .. We are that divided .. Unless we prove the idiot is a crook and a liar and traitor .. 
How is this even possible?
O you mean what the Democrats did with Obamacare?? Ya feels nice doesn't it?
Ummm nope, the ACA had over 100 public hearings and amendments by republicans.
Fair enough, I'll research more next time. Love for you to follow me so we could dm and discuss more topics. Love to pick your brain some!
When you throw sand in others' face you don't get invited back to the sand box. You might remember your mother advising yo so. @GOP
Something better than what you hid from us with Obamacare. You are such hypocrites.
There is a reason why republicans are the majority, ppl were sick of democratic corruption and incompetence!
So Dem Wits it was ok for you back in the day but not ok for Republicans? How does it feel? Thanks for reminding why I am a conservative
Stop them! You're in Congress, not the People. We elected a check and balance system. What Republicans are doing is unacceptable! Stop them!
Ironic that the Democrats are saying this when they passed the destructive Obamacare bill without ever reading it.
Turtle head is s lying sob.
The country is ungoverned by a fractured GOP while their Dem opponents can only offer nasty partisan obstruction.  Can it get worse?
Think #ShamingRepublicans will make them act like #Adults?
Where were you during #ObamaYears when #TurtleMitch #OpposedAnyThingObamaLiked?
@realDonaldTrump  Representatives in both houses are sworn to uphold the Constitution, and basically advocate for US, the taxpayers. Maybe -
what are they hiding? why aren't #democrats screaming from the roof? the @GOP #gangsters are completely screwing with lives! do YOU care?
Because the Orange Swamprat hasn't given permission to his Ratpack cronies. AND they don't know what they're doing anyway! #swamprat
Withhold consent. Slow Senate business to  crawl. This cannot stand.
Why don't you pass the bill to see what's in the bill?
McConnell has decided to take over the Senate in service to POTUS who wishes to take over the rest. We're in dangerous times.
Time to stage walk outs. Press conferences. Hold up votes. Hold up hearings. Stand up and fight Democrats!
We are sick of y'all. Guess what??? I hope it gets passed in the middle of night. At least they will have read it and know what's in it!
death.
@Whippenz #auspol

The world wonders why the American people allow some criminals to hold office yet prevent others from voting
#auspol

In many countries bankrupts can't hold office but in the US you have a bankrupt in chief.
THEY ARE HIDING A SHITTY BILL AND ANOTHER WAY OF SCREWING THE AMERICAN PEOPLE!
If memory serves - even most of the Democrats didn't get a chance to read Obamacare before they had to vote on it!
They're hiding destruction of our healthcare! What does Trump tell them!? Why #GOP, House & Senate, so CALLOUS? NO #Trumpcare #ShowUsTheBill
Thank you for calling them out. Don't let up.
Need FBI & DOJ Law! 1) Give status of investigations as NO, OPEN, CLOSED or 2) Keep quiet until he/she is charged with a crime!
Show Trump that true patriots will obstruct unAmerican actions like denying basic human needs because of poverty! Buy some time! Stop AHCA!
McConnall & Nancy P. Bad for America.
The GOP has a load of unwanted Shit in their Diapers and they are hiding. Hoping nobody smells their shame!
They reek of gross swamp gas.
So far, not one Dem senator has endorsed withholding consent to stop #TrumpCare! What you don't oppose, you endorse!
Isn't this abuse of power?
A tax cut for wealthy at the expense of seniors, veterans, & America's working poor.  Need drug rehab?  Too bad cuz rich need $.
Dems, don't let them murder us!
Have to pass it to find out what is in it... as your over-botoxed minority leader once famously said
Need to call Senators and ask why they are doing this in secret!!!!
At least they're working for their salary! This behavior is going to cost you big time in the next election! Former Dem.
Hiding the fact that Trumpcare is a disaster
What can be done? There is no politeness with these authoritarians!
A horcrux?
"One ring to rule them all"?
Viserion, Rhaegal, & Drogon?
The #SinglePayer Act?
(See Spending clause, U.S. Const. art.I, §8.)
Don't complain when Obamacare was done by a handful of people including kickbacks behind close doors.
I want to know what the Democratic Party is doing about this. THIS IS NOT NORMAL.
I agree. Tom Perez should be all over this.
They r hiding all the bad they r going to inflict in average people
2018202020182020 Bring back honorable lawmakers 4American. We sure do not have many Republicans who believe in democracy or the rule of law!
Because they want to only their way bipartisan doesn't work for them because their petulant children and can't share the toys or health
care
@sunshine161 you know if they do it in secret it's got to be a horrible bill. It has got to be something in the Senate by laws that
Prohibit this. To all of Trumps base I used to be one I have since changed my party to independent period I have since changed to
Be bad. He hasn't given us any jobs that the bass can do. Believe me my decisions did not come lightly. I did my homework you guys need to
Him. You guys are good people I too was one look at what he's done and a hundred days. I share your discontent with Washington but we did
Wrong. All the good jobs will go to big manufacturing we're losing Healthcare and everyday jobs are falling by the Wayside you are good.
People in the need to look deep inside of yourself. Stand up for your rights and tell Trump enough is enough!
This is so important that the Backlash will be swift and punishing. Appealing to their higher angels is a worthless as yelling in a canyon
Hey, remember when Republicans complained that the ACA lacked bipartisan support?
Need you ask. A disaster for the American people especially the sick. McConnell should be ashamed of himself.
They're afraid of the same thing as group of 4th grade boys in a "no girls allowed" club. Girls. That they are not adequate enough. Girls.
Expand MCR - impose a 2% sales retail tax to pay for it.  DO THE MATH!!!!!!
You mean the bill the house passed? You can find it in the public records. #NoWhiteDemocrats
To borrow a word from the current president, the GOP Senate has some real losers. So many are there only to represent the 1 %. Stop them.
Why aren't you guys fighting harder to make them release the bill? What are you afraid of?
Call republicans daily. THEY theink the rules don't apply. #ImpeachTrumpNOW #impeachGOP
political tantrums as usual. dems.did it with Obama care so they are doing it back.I can, you can't immature idiocy.both sides
