weak. that seat was stolen from merrick garland. dems should give Gorsuch the same consideration the GOP gave Garland.
And you know this because.... the Republicans voted on him?  Nope.
he was denied even a hearing when president obama had every right to appoint him and GOP obstructed. STOLEN.
not at all. denying him a hearing prevents a confirmation or rejection. but i don't argue with trolling eggs, so BYE.
Why even bother talking to him? GOP didn't give Garland that courtesy.  I think most Dems want what's fair and just.
That was the Republicans, genius.
haha-Yeah go back 40 or 50 years, cuz... that's what we're all about today. That's your heyday if you support Trump.
Except for the Republicans, which refused to vote and held it up LAST YEAR.
Elections matter Senator.  You block this nomination and Wisconsin voters will remember in 2018!
yeah remember and reelect.
In a non-Presidential year?  We will see...
Also guessing you said the same thing about Russ Feingold this past year.  How did that work out? @SenatorBaldwin
Why are U asking about Feingold? Besides fact that Twitter acct says Uenjoy irritating liberals, that is. #BYE
Fact is Wisconsin went for Trump in part because of @Scotus pick!  @SenatorBaldwin better remember that!
Actually, no. That's why YOU voted that way. Don't generalize (or normalize) the rest.
It's actually what exit polling said and I voted for him for a variety of reasons...
That's an oxymoron, women's reproductive health. You still don't get it. Your party lost. People have spoken.
almost 70 mil have spoken- happy Sen Baldwin is repping the alt-majority....you dingus
Hey Suze, have a respectable debate. If you can't, you show all how uneducated you are.
like "alternative facts" uneducated? Your people suck- get over it. Education has no merit in your world 
Again, with the vitriol. Education is central to the Jesuit mission and it's role in questioning the world in which we live.
so I assume you are working on opposing DeVos and sticking up for education?
I'm a big fan of school choice. The inner city kids deserve it. Look at how it works in NYC.
it doesn't, it's wrong. Call a teacher - inform yourself. Shame on you.
Can you check his record on environmental issues.  I think this is very important going forward.
Thank you for opposing Gorsuch. His attacks on women's rights are deeply troubling.
VOTE NO on #Gorsuch, for reproductive rights of women! #filibuster #resist
Judge Gorsuch should do honorable thing and decline.
Nomination belongs to Judge Garland
pls get to know Judge Gorsuch and help him get confirmed to the U.S. Supreme Court
we're counting on you to protect women's rights!
Honestly, I'd rather you just stonewall and filibuster until Trump gives up. #StopPresidentBannon #ImpeachTrump
He's anti-woman, anti-LGBT+, and pro-bigotry (disguised as "freedom of [christian] religion"). Filibuster & block him!!!
@AstrudGilberto2 -Thank U Senator.This man does not belong on Supreme Court.President Bannon installing all RWNJ extremists!
is there anyone you will support?  Or are you hell bent on not getting re-elected?  YOUR NO NO NO NO getting old!
When will you realize that your ideology is not mainstream? People nationwide rejected your "mainstream." Time to step aside
and this is where the GOP has to learn the lesson of blocking a SCOTUS just because. Blame them for starting the fight.
I just threw up in my mouth a little. Your constituents demand that you vote no and fight to protect our republic.
Gary, I'm curious, are you one of Tammy's constituents? Do you live in Wisconsin?
it says "WI" in my twitter handle.
Who knew? Then I suppose that the "Mad" means you live in the People Republic of Madison?
#ImpeachTrump #MuslimBan #resist #standingunited #ImpeachTrump #Traitor Trump
Tammy next election less than 2 years away. Tic. Tic Tic. Bye bye
no vote on anyone except Garland. The court is functioning without 9.
If u opposed the GOP's Garland tactics PLS do not filibuster! I voted 4 U: Pls make me proud of SOMEone there in DC!!
I was troubled when Republicans stymied SCOTUS, keep focused on the bigger picture and a nominee you can live with
please filibuster any nominee the isn't Garland.
you are fucking selling us out if any of you dems vote for him!!
promise us you won't confirm
U want "mainstream nominee"? No. U want leftist liberal. WI voted 4 Trump, and we will vote YOU out in 2018. Obstructionist.
Bob, you're missing the point. The GOP blocked Garland for a year, for no other reasons than to be bullies. #TryToKeepUp
Wrong. During election year, it should be up to "we the people" to decide who picks Supreme Court Justices...we picked DJT. Keep up
Actually the majority didn't pick him. And the GOP showed how much they cared about this country by blocking O's SCOTUS nom
why have you voted YES on 4 of 5 Trump nominees?
@Pie_SocialMedia 

Please give Gorsuch the same thoughtful consideration @SenateMajLdr & @SenOrrinHatch gave Merrick Garland
Not thrilled, but can't see petty fight like '16 GOPs. Give an honest look. While good on fed bench, SCOTUS 'nother thing.
Gorsuch will be a #cowbird on the Court. Vote no! #Nocowbirds
This seat is stolen. Gorsuch must be filibustered.
you are such an amazing woman . So articulate and clear about why DeVos is horribly unqualified.
as your constituent, please do your best to obstruct this. We can wait four years.
POTUS chose Gorsuch because Bannon wanted him, according to 'rogue' sources in WH.

vote yes to Gorsuch so he can be approved and be on the job soon. I live in WI so you are my voice. Now you know how I feel.
Merrick Garland

ah yes...so extreme he was confirmed to the circuit court BY A BIPARTISAN VOICE VOTE. #clueless
Gorsuch is all of the sudden only controversial now...
How transparent can you be?Confirmed before by an unanimous Senate, now not. 2018 here soon and YOU will be gone! WI voter
So was Merrick Garland, so that argument is moot
This was not Trump's seat to fill. Don't let them steal this seat.
*impotent blathering intensifies*
this is becoming an embarrassment to the party. Now you know why Trump won. You don't represent us anymore. Not my vote 2018
you should give him as much consideration as your colleagues on the right gave garland
how can you have a decision to contest whoever was picked? So it could have been God and you wouldn't nominate him. No 2018
filibuster! It's not their seat to fill
I pray for the day that Liberals care for innocent unborn babies!
And I pray for the day "pro-Life" means just that, all of life, and not just pro-birth.
birth is life
Stand opposed to this nomination.
.@SenatorBaldwin @JoeMyGod  thank you
u concerns 4 the disabled students is a joke when u don't support charter schools & school choice cuz of your big donor WEAC
I prefer @mcuban's idea.  Tell @realDonaldTrump you'll approve Gorsuch if he dumps DeVos.  He won't pass up a deal, ever.
The more liberals trash Trump on daily basis just strengthens his reasons to stay the course. Why deal w/haters?
@miracle2x WADR Sen.Merck Garland deserves your consideration.No to all ilegit admin nominees!Investigate Russianconnections
thank you senator Baldwin
Senator Biden's 1992  history lesson and not scheduling until after campaign is done.
I will bet right now; you will not support this nomination! The swamp is always the swamp.
female have rights out of the womb scientists r correct on the environment but not on a fetus @ 5 months can feel pain
Thank you for fighting for us, and our Constitution, Senator. Keep up the spunk! Rights and lives are threatened!
-well said!
Fair consideration? How about these two words: Merrick Garland.  We the voters expect nothing less than your #resist -ance.
Are you from Wisconsin, TeeTee?
I'd like to thank @SenatorReid for giving us #JusticeGorsuch and saving the Conservative SCOTUS
Since your handle says "Rustbelt" why don't you focus on your own part of the country.
nobody cares what you think. Worry more about Almond milk not being milk #backbencher
Obviously you care or you wouldn't be here.
filibuster him.
Thank you Senator. This should be Merrick Garland's seat. Please block all the way.
thank you senator Baldwin! 
Nothing to consider. Reject and resist openly.
