I’ve long called for @POTUS to make good on his #BuyAmerica pledge & support my bill to rebuild our infrastructure with US iron & steel.
Schumer it's always seems to be you telling @POTUS what you think he should do but I don't see you trying to work with him
He is about to sign Mr. Schemer. Why are we so late on blocking trying to block this EO? #DemForce #TheResistance #BlockTrumpEO
Figures. If it doesn't fit ur lib agenda, doesn't matter how good it is, u just want to block it.....whatever 'it' is, if Trumps names on it
When are you going to grow up and stop name calling?
His supporters don't understand the overall and far reaching effect of this EO and that it is being used as more of a quasi immigration ban
He is going to crash the economy.
Sometimes I wish I showed that much naivety.....No not really
Democrats NEED TO B A Megaphone!  U have great ideas but PPL never hear them. OUR Democracy is under assault and I hear crickets from Dems.
Better yet let Americans buy American grown cannabis
HE ISN'T INTERESTED IN BUY AMERICA WHEN ALL HIS FAMILY'S BUSINESS' TAKE FROM USA AND DON'T GIVE BACK. HE WILL BANKRUPT USA. TELL US DAILY!
Chuck chuck chuck, you really need to give it up on going against Trump. You've lost!
That's what the British told the continental army at the battle of Fort Ticonderoga did they quit? resilience and determination end tyranny
SUCKY  CHUCKY is nothing more than a DIVIDER, along with WARREN & the rest of those sore loosing dirty bastards. We need to UNITE VS DIVIDE!
And what are YOU doing to support American workers?
@BobEisenhauer @POTUS @SenatorBaldwin How about starting with making his own crap here?
It's a beginning quit fighting POTUS and work with him. What have you done the last 8 years
And have his family's businesses like ivanka build their factories here.what a schmuck little donald is
Does it benefit POTUS? Otherwise he is not concern, care or bothered. What's good 4 the ppl is not high on his priority list #BuyAmerica
I'm a conservative n I'm also for infrastructure rebuilding. But Dems have done nothing but try to destroy P45 n Rs. Why should we trust you
He might even try making Trump brands in the US with US workers!
https://twitter.com/trobinsonnewera/status/854668812888788994 …
HMMM...I HAD NO IDEA.  PERHAPS YOU SHOULD "TELL US DAILY" HOW DEMS ARE FIGHTING AGAINST GOP REGIME. MOST PPL DON'T READ TWEETS. THANK YOU.
Tx Senator for trying to work w @POTU$ on building our infrastructure & reminding him 2 use US iron & steel 2 generate work 4 avg Americans!
I think they are serious. And I support #MadeInAmerica :)
He and his family should bring manufacture of their Company's goods back to America first.
get over it already...
Is it a bill? What else is in the bill. You freakin politicians usually sneak then bulls^*t bills in with big name bills to ram them thru
How can trump say #buy American when he buys & sells to China & other foreign countries isn't that outright lying to Americans & two faced
What has Mr Schumer  done about the abuse of the H1B visa program?
Mr Schumer in gvt for over 20 yrs. Has he ever said Buy America? He always listens to lobbyists n donors.
You Should To Chuck!
Do you want to know why Bill Clinton met the AG in the middle of the night as well? You are a fraud
Must save and make $ then spend. Get behind @POTUS Ins reform and Tax cuts. This will save Americans $ and create jobs. #Infrastructure 
But it sort of conflicts with his use of Chinese steel.
And change his and Ivanka's practices!
Chuckie instead of being divisive try working with POTUS.
Shouldn't his OWN DAUGHTER stop tweeting about the trademark deals she made with Pres. Xi about Ivanka Trump clothing brand MADE IN CHINA?
They don't seem to care anymore. It looks like they believe that they can do anything they want.
Hater ,American workers before illegals and immigrants
Which POTUS wasn't listening?
Talk to him...if it's good, he'll push it with Ryan and McConnell.
I wish he would too, but don't u think if he were serious he would start with his own businesses? It's just more BS he'll swear is real.
What about the Trump line of products.  None of which are made in the USA.

He is not going to support anything backed by ahole Schumer.  If the bill had bipartisian support and Schumer would shut up, it has a chance
Keep fighting for us
.You ask why don't you have support?  Killary said why am I not leading by 50?Can it be that you are an obstructionist
Nobody knew infrastructure was so complicate!
Schumers failing trying to be the new Harry Reid. You're one of the few left. No one believes you're nonsense.
IDIOT democrats Trumps only bin in office 3 months. And if Schumer supports it no way. Its over budget and full of cost over runs. No thanks
Pass along
This con is NOT serious about anything - well, he's seriously on track to spend 1 billion on vacations and golfing
He will Chuck but you got to meet him halfway. My city (Detroit) needs infrastructure help to get water to flint
How about he manufacture his products in #AmericaFirst?
And stop making his own and his family products in other countries. Their hypocrites.
One step at a time Chucky. But not if it doesn't actually benefit real Americans. By the way that excludes you.
Trump has u ALLOWED ALL DEM Establishment 2PROMOTE GLOBALISM BY CLOSING PLANTS W THE HELP OF EPA &OSHA-GAVE TAX CUTS &HELP 2OPEN OVERSEASugh
Are you kidding right now!?Stop trying to take credit for what Trump is doing! You've been for NOTHING but resistance, so don't even try it
If he's really serious he and Ivanka would bring their manufacturing back to America.
The problem with us re-doing anything is that unions take forever and too costly. Nothing ever gets finished.  Look at NYC
Good idea, agree
I agree with that.
And if you're serious at all about Merica, u need to get behind #potus..You're a joke to the country sad,sad,sad
I'm a small biz that makes stuff.I like 'made in Americas', but Trump racism in all his actions. No thanks. @jorgeramosnews #buyamerican
Says Dennis the bot with 100 followers. Buh bye
Trollski needs Blockski = @dennisb3247 <--BLOCK WORTHY
Blockskied! No time for troll shitski.
I have a small biz & make stuff,so support 'made in America', but Trump racism lurks in everything he does. no thanks to his version
His own family's goods should be #MadeinAmerica
"Trump shirts were made in China, Bangladesh, Honduras and Vietnam"August 26, 2016  @washingtonpost
Well & good,but he's serious, start making his&daughter's products in AMERICA!Why promote buy America when your companies R in China&Mexico
yeah and trump & his family should start practicing what they preach
Stop wasting time just get the con out. T's &fam been enriching since daddy took office violating the constitution what gives @SenDuckworth
But wait, he didn't mean it
Has anyone told him?
Yes they are Using Canadian steel for the so called trasamerica pipeline 
Buy American?  Trump shirts are made in China ,Ivanka shoes,bags
Pipes also made with Russian steal.
He should also stop making his own crap overseas. Double for Ivanka
A couple more pledges you might revisit:
1. http://www.youtube.com/embed/Yb1qaouGMe8?rel=0&autoplay=1&loop=0&wmode=opaque …
2. http://www.youtube.com/embed/WgZMxqGHLXk?rel=0&autoplay=1&loop=0&wmode=opaque …
EXPOSURE: https://www.delphisalariedretirees.org/delphi/index.php/legal-a-legislative/941-judge-sullivan-orders-release-of-us-treasury-privileged-documents …
We misunderstand
It's BUYING America that he & his spawn are intent on
Chuck, get him out of the people's WH
#Impeach45 
#impeachTrumpnow
You lost. Grow up.
Chuck, remember, you are in the minority. You better put on your knee pads and start a kissin' and a suckin'.
Stop with the democrat only bullshit. The people spoke and you lost
The "give and take" concept starts with "give". A concept Dems have not learned correctly since they always want to start with "take". Sorry
I thought Democrats wanted to close down steel mills and coal mines that fire the furnaces to save the planet? Neither of u have a clue.
Under NO circumstances should ANYTHING proposed by a Democrat be considered until AFTER they vote to #REPEAL Obamacare.
I think spending resources on anything other than getting to the bottom of #TrumpRussiaCollusion #TREASON allegations a waste
ALL focus
THEN
Spend your resources, there's nothing to find. But along with that, can you all work on something that benefits the  people, please?
Schumer, Trump has got this, go play with your illegals in New York. MAGA
OMG, a tweet that isn't about Russia or tax returns. Is hell freezing over?
FIXED: Probably just another coincidence...
No, Chuck. What Tweety meant by "buy America" is he's got some real estate for sale...
And Tweety is more than happy to sell real estate to foreign investors!  One man army making sure foreign investors eventually control USA.
Reminds
me  of the Clinton foundation astronomical $$fees paid to bill clinton  for speeches in Russia!!!
Sure.
Or we can just sit back and let the GOP keep yet ANOTHER seat.
@POTUS: #BuyAmerican // @realDonaldTrump: lets diplomatically lean on counties that are holding up Trump properties #Kleptocracy
What about Make in America for Trump and Ivanka products? They manufacture the Trump goods in foreign countries!
if you were serious about your job, you'd throw your support behind #MedicareForAll
@RepDanKildee @dankildee if you were serious about your job, you'd throw your support behind #MedicareForAll
Let's see if you support the bill instead of obstructing everything.
I think he already said these projects would use iron and steel from the USA! Now will u submit bill to end lawn chemicals and protect water
I love that dirty water
Yep, and Potus should consider making all his companies do all manufacturing in USA & he should only hire American citizens.
He can't do anything about "his" companies since he gave up control to his sons.
Who regularly report to trump...trump didn't truly divest - that would require a blind trust. He has tried to obscure it, but he has control
