Today, we demand #ABetterDeal for hard-working Americans trying to get ahead: 
Where was this Better Deal for past 8 years. Dems lose WH and Now the American people need a Better Deal. What was it we Deserved before now
We need the #REALDEAL not more political bs please.

Here it is, the answer to everything, lmao,  
Correct Baldwin we do deserve better than dumbocrats resign now and be American and not the looser you already are.
"GROW UP" Bob Wagner!!  You sound like a CHILD!!!
What's a matter truth hurt?
Not 1 little bit!  Does the truth hurt you little boy?
Bernie won WI  U were SuperDelegate & refused to back Bernie.  Trump won WI - Support #PeoplesPlatform or be voted out! That's a #BetterDeal
You Dems spent 8 years making it impossible for hard-working Americans to survive. That's why they elected @realDonaldTrump. 
4 the last 6 years the republicans had enough people that they blocked whatever dems tried to accomplish OPEN your EYES and admit the truth!
Dems had 8 yrs n did nothing for Americans. Dems sold out our country to other countries n illegals. Shame on Dems
Open your eyes, be honest about how republicans blocked dems from getting anything done, then give an honest tweet!
Dems refused to work w or compromise with GOP while in majority not caring for middle Americans only caring 4 progressive global agenda.
The d spent countless hours in debates about the ACA negotiating, compromising and adding r amendments to ACA. R hasn't done any of that!!
Stop #CronyCapitalism paying #insurance #Taxpayers #moneyfornothing #bailout 

#Obamacare a gift 4 #elite
#wallstreet #control of #sheeple
I keep hearing Democrats disparaging the "working families" who voted for Trump as "stupid...uneducated".....  Will you stop this??
Oh come on Senator. Be your own person. You were elected by the voters of Wisconsin, right?
Or, were you bought like the rest?
Why start a new D message on a day WE SHOULD B SCREAMING ABOUT  HEALTHCARE? TIMING IS EVERYTHING- THIS WEEK = #SaveACA ,WTF DEMS? #NoBCRA
I agree with you 100% and pray ACA is saved!
@SenateDems you have had years to take the Gruber out of #obamacare destruction on WTP and help #Vets. NOW you want us to believe you care ?
You are not working for the working families you only hold them down with your wacky liberal policies. You spend, spend, spend w/ no money!
Change the stupid catchphrase!! #ABetterDeal sounds like a KFC commercial.
As tax payer who's paying UR salary,.instead of complaing DID U PUBLICLY OFFERED UR ASSISTANCE 2WORK WITH POTUS? Put us 1st &polotics aside?
Seriously?? It's the big companies that pay us... do you really think you can do better?
didn't we just have 8 years of a better deal.  Ain't gonna work
So much that u Had 8 years n now 7 mnths in theres a problem only u could fix?
Powerful Special Interest...you mean like the government public sector unions that you democrats have in your pockets,
BBBBut Tammy, it was the WEALTHY and POWERFUL SPECIAL INTERESTS THAT BOUGHT YOU AND YOUT SENATE SEAT FOR YOU!  Who are you trying to kid.
Sounds familiar, President Trump is already working  4 the forgotten middle class. Tell me what u are going to do for me that is different?
This coming from a group of elitists who don't live by the laws they enact.
This is to celebrity find you voted for tromp because you only read the headlines and not the article so ignorant!
Democrats and #ABetterDeal Here's The BEST DEAL EVER TERM LIMITS 
Oh what you are finally coming out of your elite bubble and see that FDABD for real?? That's only because you lost the elec if not same old!
We just had an 8 year "Bad Deal" thanks to you lying political hacks! AFFORDABLE Care Act ???? Really!!!!
The ACA is 100% better than anything the republicans passes in congress and both of mcconnel's 2 attempts The 3rd I'm sure is just as bad!!!
We do deserve a better deal, but we keep getting a #ARawDeal
Please, inquiring minds would like to know who these "special interests" are. Libs are the ones that want more and more gov't.
Sounds like the same old stuff.
Fix the #VoterSuppression problem. And tell @SenSchumer to stop trashing Hillary Clinton. HE's our message problem.
Does this mean u will stop accepting $ from wealthy & special interests? #ABetterDeal #Hypocrites
So put your money where your mouth is and resign.
Democrats are for illegal aliens, Refugees...higher taxes,Sanctuary Cities...anarchy....nothing that helps mid American's...
For example, you've done WHAT? Did your heals in and obstruct whenever possible? Refuse to contribute constructively?
No more congressional raises
what about equality and climate change?
You need to wake up too, quit acting and look why you lost, you gave us bad jobs forced healthcare with high prem,  crime went up
That is laughable. You only care about power and the accumulation of it.
A better deal would be if you legislators reduced the bureauracy by 75%
You think not controlling either House or the Oval Office is the best time to try to pass legislation? Where we you in 2009/10?
. I can not believe you are liying to everyone, trump has already started to do these items. Liar
@SenateDems No more platitudes. What is the Dem action plan for more working class middle class good paying jobs.
You BETRAYED your own WI constituents! We voted for Bernie & YOU gave us Hillary/Trump!!! NONE OF US BELIEVE YOU ANYMORE! #ABetterDeal
Tammy please stop letting Bernie speak for Dems. You are going to end up losing your base. This is why I no longer give money to Dem Party.
Trump won on this message. Not tied to special interests but an old successful business guy give waning yrs to public service. #ABetterDeal
But first we will take our summer vacation 
#obamafailedthemiddleclass
You're right. Tammy Baldwin resign so we can get a #ABetterDeal
We need term limits to clean up Washington so we can rid own selves from corrupt politicians on both sides. They whole place stinks!
Glad to see a great message come out!  Stand together and stay strong!
@SenateDems If you do what you say, everyone will vote for you
In the decade u been in DC we seen your skills 2 spend taxpayers $ but never ever done anything 2 save taxpayers $
A better deal for the elite in congress! GO TRUMP!
That's why they elected Trump.
If Democrats think they can offer #ABetterDeal to Americans, they'd all have to retire and make way for new ideas. Too far left ended y'all.
Largest group of wealthy powerful elitist = US Congress! Help us restrain them @COSProject States use Article V 2 provide Term Limits!
ONE VERY LOUD VOICE, DEMS.  THIS IS PROGRESS. THANK YOU.
Does free pizza come with that
Stop giving out Free.

HOLD ON TO YOUR WALLET!!!!!
Eliminate ALL lobbyists and SPECIAL INTEREST MONEY! See how fast the swamp/sewer will drain in DC! Many will retire ASAP!
