@Dimanc59 Thank you!
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you senator Baldwin
She's voting no for herself. She probably is getting money from lobbyists.
That's funny because I live in Wisconsin and I want you to vote yes. Or are you not representing your constituents anymore?
You must think you are the center of the universe.  You can get some help for your mental illness now that ACA is safe! 
Thank you for fighting the fight for your constituents!!!
Thank you!
Thank you!
thank you!!!
No federal government in private #healthcare  you guys can't run the postoffice, DMV or even the V.A. to name a few
Lies Tammy. And this wisconsin voter wants to vote yes. Better yet #FullRepeal
Thank you
The future is female! Thanks from MN :)
Thank you for your no vote!  I am so grateful for senators like you who actually listen to the people you represent.  
Tonight you ALL failed the American people. As re-enrollment starts people will have no providers and even higher premiums. Sad!
Skinny?  How about anorexic! Trump lets ACA Fail? Then Trump isn't doing his job for ALL Americans. Bipartisan Time Trump. Look it up. DYJ!!
DO YOUR JOB TRUMP. Work for your Constituents. Not just your Base. Bipartisanship would help Heal Country. But you don't seem to want that!!
Thank you Tammy in behalf of my diabetes and critical care patients.
Thank you
Thank you! May your fund raising soar.
keep up the good work!
Oh well.
Thank you, senator!
Thank you!
Thank you Senator!
Thank you.
Thank you @SenatorBaldwin . Trump promised better healthcare. GOP controls both houses and Pres but no effort for solutions. #MAGALIES.
You vote however the dnc tells you to. You are a democRAT tool.
Thank you
You should have voted no on Obamacare too.  My premiums have skyrocketed because of people like you.
You should vote yes as that is what the majority of U.S voters want
Thank You!
Thank you!
Thank you, you helped save lives across America
USsenate-rejects-obama-healthcare
Thank you Senator
Insures your defeat next election...bye bye Baldwin
Funny. I didn't hear anyone yelling for this good person to vote to screw people over. Thanks again.
Thank you, Senator Baldwin.
Thank you!
Thank you for your  persistence
Thank you @SenatorBaldwin
Thank you.
Thank you!
Thank you for doing the right thing! It's been awhile since I have been proud of the politics coming from my home state.
Wow I am suprised!  We all know how much you care about our Veterans health care. But why not propose an amendment? Job too hard?
Thank you!
west Virginia Gets Hit The hardest by Skinny Bill @BillGates Andrew And I agree @splcenter Lawfirm
Thank you @SenatorBaldwin Have a chat with @SenRonJohnson We are watching him. Vote no #SkinnyRepeal
Thank you. Keep fighting.
1. Thread. Maybe no one will read, but I just heard @SenJohnMcCain voted yes. Yes to taking away my healthcare. Life saving healthcare.

#2018DemCampaignSlogan 
They took your healthcare away- don't miss your chance to take away theirs Vote!
Thank you
Your a Dem of course your voting against it. You want single payer, don't you? Except you will have a better Gov medical plan
thank u Senator Baldwin! wish @SenRonJohnson would follow his initial instinct & do same. Instead of following the sheeple.
Thank you!
YOU DON'T CARE ABOUT MY FELLOW AMERICANS!
Thank you!
You are one who speaks for America.
Bye will see you get voted out
THANK YOU!
Thank you 
Thank you!
what Dimms did to working families is catastrophic, OCare is taking families saving and retirement away. HC cost DOUBLED IT #LyingDems
Thank you Senator Baldwin..
Is Tammy R or D?
Thank you!!
https://www.cms.gov/medicare/medicare-fee-for-service-payment/acuteinpatientpps/readmissions-reduction-program.html …
Senator remind them of HRRP!
Thank you Senator.
Thank you!
for 1/2 of wisconsin
Thank you so so so much. Saving lives
The #shame ful GOP rhetoric has changed to the 16 million losing insurance would all drop out because the mandate is gone. ACA is sabotaged.
Thank you, I wish @LindseyGrahamSC  would do what he said and not vote for this fraud of a bill
Too bad your state didn't vote for HRC and we wouldn't be in this mess.
Thank you for working for us!
Thank you, Senator
Thank you but please work for the American people and show your colleagues that the American don't want this  #SkinnyRepeal
Thank you.
Thank you! Please talk to Toomey
You are the problem no solutions. Just pay more with b.o care. Wait till we vote no to you. Baldwin are you a Russian spy causing problems?
Thank you.
Thank you!
@Dave2840David Thank you Senator Baldwin.
Thank you
Thank you!
Problem is most Americans don't trust the government the press or the drinking water in our kitchens. We have to fix that first.
Maybe you should have done more these past few months to try to help fix the Democrats Obamacare mess!
Thank you
Thank you. Glad to have a Wisconsin senator dedicated to health care for all.
thank you
Thank you Senator! Healthcare is a right! #SaveTheACA #NeverMyPresident
Thank you for putting lives before money!
Thank you, Senator Baldwin.
Thanks Tammy!
Thank you Senator for your hard work & effort.  Wish AZ senators copied you : )
Why don't you vote no for the Americans you represent. We all need good healthcare just like you do.
Thank you for voting no on the #SkinnyRepeal
As a mother of children ensured coverage thru ACA & as a healthcare worker whose job will be gone w repeal, THANK YOU!!?
A sane woman from Wisconsin
You are a hero
Thank you for voting no. Hope Sen Johnson is as smart. This is the wrong way to get a bill done.
Vote No, not yes with promises that Ryan won't keep. Flat out NO! Save 16 million Americans from losing insurance.
THANK U @SenatorBaldwin 4 showing us we are still a country of compassion ... U are a true American HERO!
We're keeping tabs on you idiots
Thank you!
and you will lose your job too.
I work in healthcare - hospice to be precise. I will lose my job if this repeal passes. My family will lose insurance if this passes.
Right on Tammy!!
Thank you! I miss living in WI for many reasons, not least of which is your representation. Keep fighting! #HealthcareIsAHumanRight
Any chance of getting Ron Johnson to vote no?
It's like the "bare divorce" my ex had intended for me (but failed)...all the benefits to the biggest "dicks" and nothing for anyone else 
Thank YOU!!
Thank you, senator. You're very much appreciated. 
Thank you for thinking of Americans and our familys health.  Don't be bullied by Trump!
Thank you! 
Thank you!
Thank you Senator.
Thank you! We are watching this mess helplessly.
#SkinnyRepeal 2018 the people that pay 4 U &your staffs free healthcare insurance &all other perks we don't have in our lives will change DC
Virginia won't be joining your little fantasy party, honey. @GOP will be kicked out of Washington in 2018, & Democrats will fix this mess.
u must B another elite federal employee who needs the Democrats 2keep your job odd R u R a transplant to VA 2018 career politicians r gone
Let's see how this tweet ages in a year
That's what Obamacare already is. Thanks for not helping contribute to fixing it, you obstructionist.
#SkinnyRepeal 24 yrs politicians have diverted discussion 
from the pricing of medical services 93.6% of total cost of healthcare problems
Keep fighting for us, Senator Baldwin
Thank You! And, your right the premiums are to high penalties ridiculous & it guts millions off Medicaid that's wrong & inhumane!
Thank you
Thank you Senator Baldwin
BS meter on overload.
#SkinnyRepeal End Predatory Healthcare Pricing
Why is Congress exempting its members from their health care bill?
#SkinnyRepeal u elite selfish person u&your staff have your healthcare insurance we don't cuz of U &Dems who exempt yourself from Obamacare
Thank you for putting people first!!
What about Ron? He's gonna cave isn't he? Can you lock him in his office until after the vote? disgusted in Hartland WI.
Good for you!
Good for you!!

Your job is to represent the people who elected you.  That is your ONLY job in government.
Thank you, @SenatorBaldwin - thanks for continually traveling the state and listening to your constituents.
Thank you!
Thank you
Your people need you, Sen. Baldwin.  They have only you.  THANK YOU!
Thank you Senator.
Talk to Ron Johnson   convince him
I'm ready to hear your Impeach and Remove language, any day now.
Thank you
thank you!!
This childhood #cancersurvivor thanks you!
Thank you!!!!
Thank you! You're not my senator, but thank you anyway!!
Thank you!
thank you so much Senator Baldwin!
THANK YOU
Thank you, Tammy.
Thank you from a grateful Georgian.
We need to impeach Trump Paul Ryan is the leaker in the Government
WooHoo
Thank you Senator Baldwin, from one of your Wisconsinites!
Thanks Tammy!! You are the best.
Thank you!
Thanks Senator!
Can you please talk to some @SenateGOP colleagues & appeal to their better judgement?
Time to #WorkTogether for #HealthCare!
Thank you, Senator! Thank you for standing up for us!
Thank you
Thank you sooooo much
Thank you!!!
Thank you, senator!
Obamacare is killing us. #RepealAndRun
Just Say No
Thank you Senator Baldwin! I (Catherine O'Neill) just sent u & Johnson a fax - it was mostly 4 him, but plz check out the Bruns article! 
Thank you for standing up for the people of #Wisconsin!  #KeepKidsCovered #DontCapMyCare #DoctorsSpeakOut
Thank you! 

Any chance you have pull with your counterpart? Asking for a friend.
Thankyou
At least someone from Wisconsin is doing the right thing! Thank you!!! #repealandreplaceRYAN
Thank you, Senator Baldwin!  I'm proud to have voted for you, and I'll be there for you at mid-terms!  On, Wisconsin!
Can you get help from Dean Heller and Murkowski?
THANK YOU.
Thank you, Tammy!
you're voting no to be an obstructionist. Where is your better idea? Ocare was it and that didn't work!
Who lines your pockets?  Why rob poor Americans to pay for illegals'/derelicts' healthcare when they feed off us & won't work.
Thank you so much for fighting for us Senator!
Dear Senator, from the bottom of my heart, I thank you for being such a compassionate person. We need more like you...
How do you and Paul Ryan come from the same state?
Thank you Tammy!
Thank you from Pennsylvania!
Don't play the Washington vs. us regular folk BS. It's enough to call out the consequences of the bill.
Thank you!
