you are way too soft on these guys...as usual
if u don't filibuster these appointments, u have failed us and the nation.  Fight back or go away...
He has never lobbied personally or known his company to lobby against sanctions??!! Yes Right...and I was born yesterday. 
You guys push for an investugation into the past presidential election. The dems will benefit from that.
DT is displaying underlying guilt that he is trying to cover up just incase some of what his people did is unearthed.

Pl do not allow DT to distract people from the fact that the election was rigged on his behalf
Block Tillerson.
Senators: "Do you lack the knowledge to answer the question, or are you refusing to answer the question?"
Tillerson: "A little of both"
@RepBarragan Exxon man'll say anything to get sanctions removed. Futures #drillingrights @maddow
Many of Trump's cab nominees appear as unqualified as the PE. Results of '16 Elect is a travesty w/dangerous consequences 4 USA
are you serious ?!  You're collective experience falls far beneath that of Tillerson.  What exactly is your point ?  Fail
i won't watch it because like all things democrat, you will edit to spew your hate how you want it.
You guys are beyond contempt. Given the abject failures of Obama's foreign policies & your support for them, just be quiet.
@mch7576 I dt believe the Till
Do not support this man, he has too many conflicts from his business dealings.

Exxon made a big bet in Russia. They need US policy change to cash in. 
I think the USA is in for a bumpy ride.
if that's all you twits got, go ahead and vote yes. Quit wasting time and our $$
just because you say so?your another clown!
at least use correct grammar when you're trying to be witty.    Your != you're.
DT trying to cover up the fact the election was stolen for him. Partly by the Reussians and many votes in republican districts
@SenateGOP @realDonaldTrump Negative SenDems, first Americans don't trust @CNN and certainly won't believe their cropped video

Donald didn't pick a cabinet he picked a criminal syndicate. 
What you know about effective foreign policy can be reduced to the following; nothing. Confirm him and let adults work. Thanks.
@jimmy_dore cover this !!!
DO NOT elect this person!!!!
Millions of Americans STOP Negative Bullshit Congress
it's impossible for this twitter account to post anything positive about the incoming administration. Impossibly stubborn.
I don't believe anyone is stopping you from posting a respectful, factual comment to support your views
Now about getting this investigation handled & tell America about our puppet peotus Known since April
Terrifying #resist #ProtectOurDemocracy
Did Tillerson voluntarily leave ExxonMobil or was he pushed to leave?
Just a wild guess. It's the few that made him look bad, right. I watched today, answered all. Didn't answer nonbriefed areas.
Wow....keep fighting the good fight!!!
@realDonaldTrump @HouseGOP @SpeakerRyan @SenateGOP @HouseDemocrats
@SenateDems STOP REX DO NOT CONFIRM
Stop Tillerson. For the sake of our country and this planet. He has closer ties to Russia than he has here.
@marcorubio @maddow - The Tillerson Nomination is motive for Putin to hack our election. 500 Billion Oil Deal ON Lift Sanctions
Amazing!
Cuban exiles hate russia
Sick old goats!
keep up the good work! #GoBlueTeam
wow! Amazing how you cut out his rebuttal answers. #faketwitter
he didn't rebut much.
incredible
Tillerson's "a little of both" was a stupid move. He needs these people's suppport. And he insults them. He's not CEO anymore
Typical democrat. Think everyone should pander like they do. 
I'm not sure if Tillerson gets through but whoever prepared him should get fired
Sign o' times. Unprepared ppl in most critical jobs in America. Will make heckuva-job-Brownie look like a mensch.
@RTMannJr
Yawn... Just because you say it, doesn't make it true! Next thing you're going to say is that #Hillary would make a great president!
this is not a Hillary issue (get over that)...it's much larger than that...are you not paying attention?
democrats need to learn how to work for the people instead of trying to enslave them
While this is good, I wish the Dems had followed Rubio's lead and gone AFTER him about his connections to Russia
Good, relevant questions all around.  Answers, not so good. #RiggedCabinet
Its obvious that he's in bed with Putin....They shouldn't confirm this anti-american POS
he wants to bring Exxon into gov control & then watch price of oil/gas. Blahaha crazy dude
Why do we entertain the possibility of these people? Just say no America!
desperate
he won't do play for pay. Vote him in
What Good will all this do? You can't stop it! Can you or anyone else Stop Trump? Bring him down! Don't stop until he's dust!
Mitt Romney would have been an eminently better SoS choice.
Tillerson seems like a reasonable guy. #OpposeSessions
u a holes are questioning a nominee about situations u as congress created. If he lobbied for exonmobile, that was his business.
Vote no on this cabinet of Deplorables!
Keep these nominees' feet to the fire! Great job to you and @marcorubio
Did Tillerson Explain Exxon Valdez Oil Spill and ten year lawsuit debacle that cost US Taxpayers $2.5billion? @ClimateTalker
... Democrats are Anti-American, Obstructionists.... Pathetic and corrupt.
To Rex
he lied and if #HRC didn't #RWNJ would have plows a gasket and open a new hearing for perjury.
@marcorubio Tore him to shreds please sensible GOP hold the line @SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC @Evan_McMullin
can you use your media team to caption those videos? #accessibility
You guys lost big time, get used to it.
#Corrupt Democrats
I hope u read this. U NEED TO
Senate Democrats are Fake News!
Obama's Legacy is Trump!
