Does it support a federal minimum wage of at least $15 per hour?
Yes
Good...and about damn time! #FightFor15 #RaiseTheWage 
Dems still need to support #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll
Raising wages will not create jobs nor lower the cost of living. Check what is happening in communities that have tried.
Agreed, right on. I am in favor of American workers being paid less as well. Will you join me in working for $1 an hour to drive this home?
#America is laughing........
I would like to see "Open, honest, effective government" added to those; things the GOP hasn't been able to deliver.
Man, what are you complaining about? You had Barry Sotoro for 8 yrs. and he didn't do jack. How much transparency did Barry give us? NONE!
Raising wages will increase cost of living.
We should cut wages to nothing so the cost of living will be zero.
Can you point to specific policies rather than empty platitudes?
They never have before. What makes you think they will now?
Persistence and resistance  With growing grass-roots pressure they feel cornered, look at Schumer suddenly moving left. Activists take over
#ABetterDeal You Democrats wouldn't know a better deal if it smacked you in the face. Want a better deal? VOTE REPUBLICAN!
#Democrats truly can't + won't accomplish any of these items;their agenda is division, intolerance, class warfare, see Saul Alinsky + Obama
Are you an Orange Clown bot? Been a Democrat 50 years and you are so wrong, you'll never be right.
What specifically does it mean by "lower cost of living"? Deflation?
Deflation is not the only way prices can go down. Business competition, etc
Deflation isn't a method, but a phenomenon, so antitrust & business competition could cause deflation.
Thank you! Thank you! A Democratic message that's positive! We are more than just anti-GOP!
please share the plan.
Whoa. Great slogan. Gonna go change parties now. Bwahaha.
pablum. no details, not that there is any mechanism (nor should there be) to ensure any Democrats support this platform. it's just PR.
Also, reduce taxes. People that make like $10/ hour actually make less than $8/ hour because of taxes.
Not feasible
Just saying it will make it happen! #delusional
You're still not getting it. A bigger voice is what we want. Start with eliminating superdelegates.
Raise wages=less jobs. I think you need to take a course in economics. Lower cost of living=more taxes, better future=more gov in our lives
Makes me hungry for Papa Johns #wiright #wi06
Say Broad sentance with zero explaination
Raise minimum = loss jobs 

Yall could never do economics could u?
Really sad! Very superficial. No listening to the people. Nothing new or revolutionary. Nothing I can get excited about. Dems lose again.
Baaaaaaaaaaad!!!!! Doesn't appeal. Sorry. Dems are still off track. LISTEN to the people. Or at least pretend to be. They will tell you.
A legitimate question: Where was this 'Better Deal' when Dems held the House and WH?

Or when they controlled the Senate until 2015?
@peaceisactive Get with the unions!! They know what WC NEEDS.
Sorry, Tammy but this is the worst damn slogan I've ever heard. It sells Obama short and sounds like the GOP deal isn't so bad. Pathetic.
Sounds nice, would love to know how this would be pulled off considering the damage being done by Trump currently.
Sounds like every politicians promise
Two of those things contradict each other by means of basic #economics u no the economics they DO teach you in school
and back SINGLE PAYER HEALTH CARE!!!
details? Of corse not. False promises 
starting to get really depressed same old dems who come up with nothing creative. Ask Julian, Kamala, Ayanna Pressley, Sheryl Sandberg, BLM
And I don't mean Sen Baldwin!
Literally everything in this picture contradicts itself. Can't raise wages and then say you want to lower cost of living & create jobs.
Economics has never been a liberal strong suit.
Better ingredients, better pizza . . . Whatever. Is this the best you can do?
Blah, blah, blah.
Until the @DNC gets pass this nonsense, your credibility is nil.
We want free tuition & Medicare for all/single payer. This just looks like bare minimum/talking points.
Ok.
So ... communism it is.
The current president is trying to accomplish all these things. Work together please for #abetterdeal.
Universal healthcare?
They bend over for far too many insurance interests for that hun
I think what we need is a Better Tagline. And how bout throwing in some Better Art Direction while you're at it. #ABetterDeal
Obama drastically raised the cost of living.. look at house prices.Why would we vote dem just to have nat debt skyrocket and prices increase
Hey butch stop chasing kitty and pay attention. Your name isn't Roosevelt. There is no better deal with you Baldwin. All talk all lies again
Raising minimum wage doesnt create jobs and cancels out the lower cost of living.Raising minimum wage = higher taxes = higher Cost of living
Sadly none of your policies achieve that.
add in HEALTHCARE in this. We all need it. Please do Bi-Partisan approach to help the ACA to fix it w. GOP. Don't let them get away with IT!
#RepealObamacare 100% now!
Oh bullshit. I'm a den and I dont believe it. Sounds old, used, and lame
You cannot get everything you want. You shouldn’t be making tons if all you do is flip burgers + raising wages highers cost of living
Better Pizza, Papa Johns 
(Oh, and LOCK HIM UP!)
Credit to HRC for the parts of her platform that are included in this deal.
The only thing that has truly energized both sides is the fear of losing healthcare. Good thing you didn't mention that.
It won't work, unless you put a #Freeze to Endless #HyperInflation & Out of Control #PriceHikes by #Greedy #Merchants & #Oligarchs
@ActionDekalbCo plan is light on details and using the same strategies. Biz doesnt need tax credits 2 hire ppl. They need ppl who r trained
Pelosi: #ABetterDeal “is not a course correction, but it’s a presentation correction.”
So, this beat out "have you seen the other guys?".
Didn't a socialist President (Roosevelt) give us a NEW DEALwhich took away  citizens rights - according to research.  We're still recovering
No specifics or examples of how you are going to change. The last time you held congress we got the Obamacare disaster.
Good paying union jobs I assume?
You antiAmericans will go down with the  if you don't  start telling the truth to the ppl!
the party of slogans.  Jeez.
#LegalizeIt - @RepSargent has the right idea for pathway to a #BetterWI - 
#WIAssemblyBill75

https://docs.legis.wisconsin.gov/2017/related/proposals/ab75 …
I love love love this message
Lmao
@SenatorBaldwin what can we expect for children, families and business in the Autism communities across Wisconsin and in Milwaukee? #Autism

