Hell naw! Democrats didn't even read the ACA before signing it. It couldn't possibly be as bad as that train wreck!
If the Republicans hadn't spent the time since it passed actively sabotaging it, some tweaks still might be happening but much stronger.
The only "tweak" that was going to happen was universal HC for all. Thank god Trump and the GOP won!
Yeah. Otherwise we might actually have the fine and cheaper healthcare that the first world countries have!
Because waiting 6 months or more for an MRI is just peachy.
More peachy than "whoops, you bruised your knee in fifth grade? Pre-existing condition, cancelling your insurance, pay for it yourself!"
Pre-existing will be covered, just as it was w/some ins co's pre-ACA. Just had to shop around, plus we'll be able to cross state lines. 
Will be covered unless the states say "go ahead, screw those with pre-existing conditions". And state lines thing? Won't work even if in it
We didn't know O'Bama's tricks until Affordable passed.

Can't be any worse that what it was. I have private insurance.
Just ask yourself, why are they hiding their bill? If it was really better, wouldn't they want to debate it in the open? Show it off?
Like O'Bama did. 
Look it's fucked up. I get it. But when has government not been fucked up?
Obama didn't hide any bill. There were plenty of committee meetings, public testimony, etc. There is none of that now.
Maybe thats a good thing. They had a committee and it sucked.
What committee was that? The one that sucked.
Don't worry darling you can keep ur doctor and same plan. Lol
What she's really worried about is losing her tax-payer subsidized cadillac #ACA plan while everyday ppl can't even afford the shit plan.
have ACA plan here in MA. (#2 in US for coverage & cost) No complaints. Ask yourself why problems are only in the red states & fix that.
Because, who would question the honesty of guy in a brand new fake account?
Let's see... Did Dems do the same when O-care was passed? (Did they even read it?)
Yes, they did!
Didn't Dems ram it through w/o R input. But, it wasn't right then or now.
Remember when the democrats wouldn't even let other democrats read the affordable care act until AFTER they passed it?
Yeah. That didn't happen. GOP just tried to do this exact thing. This is projection.
Should have as many public hearings on this one as we had on #ObamaCare before it was passed...
If the GOP is so pissed off at how Obamacare was handled, then this bill should have MORE hearings and MORE transparency. GOP are hypocrites
I would agree, but would amend that they are all hypocrites...not just GOP.
Well, I was speaking just in the context of their howling about how Obamacare was "rammed through," and now they want 100x the secrecy.
Some individual politicians are not hypocrites, but they're a rare breed. On the whole, I agree with you.
I agree, there are a few, but not many..
100+ hearings were held on the ACA, contrary to what the Reichwing claims now. Also over 100 R amendments were added that fucked the bill up
Jonathan Gruber!!! Can't deny that one!
Of course they should this is all about our health and future health.
Senator, democrats handled ACA the same way. Pelosi quote...we have to pass it to see what's in it.
Just like the dems should have 8 years ago!   PELOSI: "We have to pass it to see whats in it".
Don't you remember "Americans are too stupid to know what is in the healthcare bill" Jonathan Gruber mastermind behind Obumacare!!
Did they do that with Obamacare when they jammed it down our throats. A big fat NO.
Far too important not to hold hearings!
They seem to be very confused about who they work for...they are holding a public office and everything that happens is our business.
TYPICAL @SenateGOP DON'T CARE IF THEY KICK 24M FOLK OFF HEALTHCARE. NOW ITS YOU JUST GET WHATEVER! BOTTOM LINE WE JUST DON'T CARE ABOUT YOU!
Absolutely NOT!
Obamacare was shoved down the Americans people throat by Democrats who gave us Higher Premiums & Deductibles
Dozens of hearings and hundreds of GOP amendments over a 2 year process. Hardly "shoved down anyone's throat".
Sorta scared to see the bones in the Republican closets. #TrumpCareLess
Congressional Republicans
So The Repugnatans demanded to see the Obama version of the bill, WHICH LYAN RYAN HELPED TO WRITE, and now they won't reciprocate? #SAD
You're so right on!
Maybe it should be "Show us the thief "...
Didn't the democrats do the same thing with Obamacare? Have to vote on it to see what's in it?
Their hiding the money that is going into their pockets!
All this Republican secrecy is very telling that something fishy is going on with the GOP. #ShowUsTheBill
How does it feel bonehead
Yes, they should and more women should have been involved
Yes, we deserve to see what they are doing
I'm so damn proud she's in my district in #wi she's a darn hero
What were the democrats hiding when they passed the ACA without reading it? We found out and now it's disastrous.
Yes!!
If Rebs aren't worried about 2018 elections, THEY SHOULD BE.
Keep fighting for us in WI and for people everywhere!
Not all Americans are brain dead. Show us the bill and Deplorable Thrum's tax returns
Please just start talking about a fix and repair plan on ACA. Just say the words that assures the public. It wouldn't hurt. It assures
I know, they had Eight years to do this; right?
But it was OK for Democrats to hide what they were doing..........
I have a FT job. I don't ask ppl to retweet to see if I should do it. This isn't about a preference. Do. Your. Job. Make them #ShowUsTheBill
Just like @realDonaldTrump hiding his taxes. Let's not forget that we still haven't seen them. He is the king of diversion and distraction.
Maybe you'll get it at 11:55 PM on the day after it's passed.
They shouldn't get healthcare either or a security detail , I only wish they would get very sick very quickly and have no healthcare
Unfortunately republicans are equivalent to any other extremist group such as ISIS   The GOP are in the middle of a big D/(k contest
Thank you 
#WeThePeople demand @SenateGOP @SenateDems work in transparency. A Bill concerns all citizens, it's a democracy.  @nytimes
Waiting till after the Georgia election today, maybe.
are fast abdicating any right to lecture others on Human Rights and Democracy. To those doing this - have you no shame, have you no care
I thought I was reading about the Chinese Politburo or that of the old USSR, but I find I'm reading about the Senate of the USA. You
Thank you, Sen Baldwin! Ellis, WI 53105
@SenatorBaldwin Can you please talk some sense into Sen. Ron Johnson? As a physician I know can attest this will hurt society's vulnerable!
I'm in a Blue state. My vote, phone call, email, means nothing.
GOP, are you afraid of what the people want vs. what you're hiding? #ShowUsTheBill
Your statements on the floor were spot on...having your own life experience w/a pre-existing condition was quite powerful! #HoldtheFloor
NO- SOUNDS LIKE THE OBAMACARE HEARINGS WE NEVER HEARD-BUT WERE FINED FOR---ITS FAKE JUSTISE----FIX  F.D.A. U FIX HEALTHCARE PLAIN & SIMPLE !
No to Trump Care.
SKAT
Put the names of the 13 Republican men who are deciding the Death Care Bill on billboards in every State!
Nancy said you have to pass a bill and then find out what's in it.
@robportman Please Senator, open debate and transparency. Not a violation of senatorial procedure that has been in place for decades.
Show us the bill .... Sneaky no goods

 2018 people 2018
I think they should stuff it up themselves sideways but I'd settle for lengthy public debate.
What about when the Democrats said we had to PASS the bill, to see what is IN the bill?  HMMMM????
Any good legislation will have its proponents singing from the rooftops so everyone can see how great it is.

Bad legislation is 'hidden'!
What are you hiding GOP?  What have youtaken away from my Grandma where she will go hungry and not be able to seek medical care????
Why? You Democrats hid all the details. Pelosi quote, "We have to pass it to find out what is in it". Oh, and Gruber deliberately lying.
Any #GOP takers?  How about any hoping to run for president someday or even get reelected? #tattoo #neon
why I don't remember any public hearings for Obama care before you
U didn't with Obamacare per Nancy Pelosi we have 2 pass the bill 2 find out what's in it. We the taxpayers suffer Congress & staff didn't
These actions thumb their nose at democracy.
Only takes 3 Republican Senators to say "Without hearings, I will vote no" and it would open up the process for all to participate.
Anything that fears the light of truth should remain locked away in shadow. Despotism is born when governments lie to their people.
@SenateDems 
YES
How can they not? That seems almost criminal.
The two in comparison in black and white, how can anyone not see what is happening now is so wrong.
I'll RT if you sit down and reason with Lisa Murkowski, Susan Collins, Bob Corker, Rob Portman & Bill Cassidy. YOU CAN DO THINGS WE CANNOT.
Can they actually keep this a secret and shut out the American people? Isn't their job to serve the interests of the American people?
Show us the bill!
In their defense, Democrats didn't. Remember "We have to pass it before we know what's in it"?
Maybe they're hiding the list of mechanisms whereby obamacare was originally passed. LOL ... Y'all look quite silly.
time to flood those Washington switchboards again....don't let them get away with this...someone post phone numbers, I'm too tired today...
Just like when ACA, we made sure the GOP helped us with it! They should let us help.....oh....wait......
You mean the 161 GOP amendments to the ACA? yeah reciprocity would be nice here
We still live in a democracy. Why are republicans acting like dictators?
Youre right, but only because a dictator is one person.  This is the early stage of fascist regime filled with oligarchs.
Holding public press conferences would be a start. Republicans need to SHOW UP & answer calls. Not everyone has access to Twitter, you know.
They need to say NO!   Hearings won't fix STUPID!
It's not representing anyone if we can't see it.
Did dems show us the #AFCA bill before it was passed? Cue @NancyPelosi "we have to pass the bill before we find out what's in it"
ACA was on the internet for all to read.
of course! TY Sen Baldwin~~
Ok...I retweeted.  Now how about some action?
What about Obama care? Oh what's good for the goose huh' farce
ACA was debated on for a year, nothing rammed through about it.  Patriot Act on the other hand, 6 weeks after 9/11 signed
pretending not to remember anything? don't remember your favorite senator ? you got to see the bill before you know what's in the bill?
We don't need hearing no laws have been broken except the Dems stalling and doing nothing to help people who are dieing make a effort & help
What r u hiding we haven't heard one proposal from u...?
Enough of the re tweeting what are you guys going to do to prevent this from happening??? What are Dems going to do?
@SenateDems @SenatorBaldwin No.
Losing proposition. What they need to do is simply stop this assault and we need to shut down the Club for Growth @newtgingrich QUID PRO QUO
