They shouldn't even get bail for their terrorist acts against the 1st Amendment.
Jesus you talk like a parody character from grand theft auto
Or like this:
I see. So the first amendment only applies to those you agree with, right?
#Fascist much?
Are you talking to me OP or the guy who said they shouldn't get bail?
To you & the One & Only. You fail to realize that tge 1st Amendment applies to everyone, not just those viewpoints you agree with.
Richard Spencer & his ilk are absolutely terrible, but allowing them to speak is a necessary evil. All viewpoints must be allowed to be heard.
I'm against the government arresting them/censoring them because that IS censorship. But deplatforming shouting down or disrupting are all fine by me. A Nazi would not defend my right to speak so in turn I will not defend his. Nazism is a declaration of intent got violence.
Ok. So if I bring a group of Conservatives to your next event & shout down & disrupt, you're OK with that right?
Hahah. You guys were protesting nothing. Alt-right barely exists. How many people showed up to hear him talk
Almost none, because we scared most away.

...what have you done to stop the organization of fascists?
LOL. Yeah that's why nobody came to listen to the group identity garbage. They turned around as soon as they saw the hammer and sickle flag waving in the air
Imagine thinking the problem with white supremacy was "its group identity"
Imagine coming to a country built by white people and devoting your efforts to fighting white identity.

It would be like me moving to Pakistan and fanatically opposing any sort of desi identity.
Found the nazi
Notice you can't actually rebut my point. Can't even try to. Just ad hominem.

The modern left resembles a religion more than a serious intellectual movement. You know who to hate, you know what 'evil' is, but you don't know how to think.
"i continue to insist as i slowly shrink and transform into a corn cob"
Stopping free speech. This is how tyranny begins.
Nah I'm pretty sure people calling for genocide is
That's closer to the end.
Nazis dude... we're fighting Nazis. They call themselves this. We know what they want and what they will do. This isn't a debate. This isn't an exchange of ideas. That man and his kind are directly threatening people with their rhetoric.
Rhetoric is only threatening to the weak minded. Gird your intellectual loins and engage. Meet argument with argument. Excusing your violence is immoral. Supposed noble ends do not justify your foul means. Reason, not violence, is the answer. If speech isn't free, none of us are.
Our ancestors didn't debate Nazis into submission after they managed to tear Europe asunder in the single bloodiest conflict ever known.
You're living in a fantasy land. This isn't 1938, it's 2018. There are no parallels between Germany's Hitler and this guy. You're bastardizing history to justify your own violence. With that kind of sophistic reasoning you can justify anything.
Post collapse economy the demonization of minorities an obsession with military might and the increased privatization of the public sector along with industrialists running every branch of government. Yeah no parallels at all.
Richard Spencer is Awsome!!! He speaks for white america #MAGA
Guy materializes from England to defend nazi Richard Spencer:

Yeah right. This is not the hill you want to make your stand on bro.
You're defending him. If a Nazi gets punched you have no obligation to step in. You're voluntarily entering a conversation to attack antifascists.
Why do you feel the need to defend fascists instead of using this as an opportunity to oppose them?
This conversation is about self proclaimed fascists and their protesters. You are volunteering to defend the speech of fascists, people who celebrate genocide and would be happy to forcefully remove POC from the country. You are not at all obligated to do so.
I don’t understand how you can justify censoring free speech by comparing this to the rise of the Nazi party. 
There are so many other factors that can be attributed to the rise of Hitler during that time period.
Like a post collapse economy alienating the youth of the nation making them seek scape goats for the hardship in their life leading to the advocation of removing the other by force and isolating their nation? Yeah nope I TOTALLY don't see parallels to today AT ALL
By not allowing someone else's freedom to listen or speak you help them take away that right for your side too...  stop building silos and shouting down folks.  If your side is kind, considerate and more compassionate your movement has a chance of defeating haters with love.
Well said
Good work. Just donated! Not sure I understand the "just ignore him" side. How well did it go the last time the world mostly ignored Nazis? Ignoring is passively accepting. Or if people had stood up to them in the 30s, would these others have defended their right to speak?
Wow this is the most unintelligent and disconnected tweet I have ever seen. You should open a history book to understand the rise of Nazis. You will understand that the rise of nazis happened because of economic and social hardship due to the loss of a war, and not “acceptance”.
You're spot on. The Nazis only had a tiny sliver of support, like 3% voters, 4 several years despite heavy campaigning by AH and JG. Hitler was arrested, jailed, and barred from speaking publically!!! Then the U.S. market had a great depression and called on their ww1 debts.
The Nazis ultimately did gain support through elections by taking advantage of economic discontent and fomenting anger against those they claimed were responsible, including the Jewish people. Economic and social hardship alone does not equal genocide. P.S. Spencer is trash.
Hope it works as well as the violent efforts of the antifascists in Germany in 1930
How many people attended his speech? How many more heard about this because of the protest?  Please stop helping spread his message. Had you and your professional protestors just ignored him a year ago he would have disappeared by now. You're part of the problem also.
False narrative.
...ok. Those are two words.
1) what even is a "professional protester"
2) the false narrative here is that he still would have spoken if people hadn't protested. The pushback does not create the original push. Fascists like publicity, yes, but they *love* a lack of resistance more
Antifa are professional protestors. They're not there to protest, they're there to break shit, hit people and get publicity.  Congratulations, you got Richard Spencer a larger audience. Now go away. You have people to hit with padlocks that aren't going to assault themselves.
You seem very confident in what you're saying but I'm equally sure you've never been to a protest before, nor met any antifa
You'd be wrong again.
Richard Spencer has a right to free speech just the same way you people do.  By not respecting his rights, u people are the Nazis and fascists.
Citizens telling other citizens to fuck off isn't censorship nor is it tyranny
Thanks for your support!
I would rather have a right wing neonazi like him as a senator than an obvious and convicted traitor...

Signed bernie and hillary voter
THIS is what is wrong with our society! You ignorant imbeciles don't seem to understand that this country's foundation is based upon FREE SPEECH and not when it is to YOUR liking. Perhaps you really should go to a third world country run by a dictator and open your mouth there.

We must use our time to have people in charge to help us have a housed, healthy, and educated country.  This equals fair economic prosperity for people.  Per Senator Bernie Sanders, former Labor Secretary Robert Reich & Professor Richard Wolff
@xychelsea I hope you are not retweeting these idiots because you are against free speech and proud of their criminal acts. Anyone who thinks that they get to decide what others can say are just as bad as those they oppose.
Courage? 20+ arrests means 20+ people violating the law, and you are  proud of it? Free speech is the basis for all freedom. If you are  attempting to block free speech then you are the fascist. Calling people fascists for attending a speech makes you delusional and dangerous.
This is embarrassing
How is this legal? Cant these people get arrested for spreading this ideology?
Love seeing fascists screaming fascism..half can't define it. 
Anyone who attempts to curtail any freedom protected in the bill of rights is an enemy of the US.
Would you like to house some troops to enforce your tyrranical ends? Oh yeah..they get your room..you get the yard.
I don't care how disgusting someone's views are, (Spencer's are disgusting) stifling free speech with violence is true fascism. That's you.
I think the most effective progressive strategy would be to let him speak, and then let someone like @KyleKulinski take the microphone immediately after him to make a much more convincing counterpoint argument.  #FreedomofSpeech
Fascists sound ignorant and hateful when they speak.   Their toxic ideas don't stand up too well to true populist ideas spoken clearly with conviction.
I prefer the mockery tactic and the counter-speechify. Witness @NathanJRobinson at UConn when Shapiro was there.
Shutting down others from speaking does not exactly portray confidence in your own beliefs. Sunlight is the best disinfectant.
What would have been better is wait till Q&A then take over the line with notes.
Why shouldn't he be allowed to speak? I used to watch a KKK show on cable access and it was the best anti-KKK message you could imagine!
Because it's not only people like us who go. Most of them don't have open minds and they already hate minorities and the LGBTQ+
Exactly. They show up to have their biases confirmed, get riled up, and recruit.
And you think that’s a good idea? You honestly think censoring people is a good idea? When has that ever worked in history. All that does is give them a victim narrative and edge to their ideology. You create more fascists when you do this.
1st amendment.
Everyone up in this thread saying to ignore these guys... None of you are threatened by them. Spencer wants to kill or forcibly remove people like me. Ignoring is a luxury for people that would make out OK in a fascist USA
Be great if nazis went away stoped Recruiting at schools, stoped slicing throats, Portland
Plowing cars into peaceful protesters, Charlottesville
Shooting up schools Florida.
Spewing hate at the most vulnerable. Or if police protected folks from them, be great
Sent from my iPhone
Totally wrong. You were suppressing freedom of speech.
Freedom of speech doesnt shield you from others protesting yohr words. Next.
I agree with that. But, these protesters were trying to stop Richard from talking. They were trying to stop people from listening to what he has to say.
Good. Nazis shouldnt be given any platform. Those who believe his ideologies should know their views will never be accepted in a decent society
That's not courage..... you shouldn't have been there....he has a right to spew whatever it is he chooses. You showing up in protest..... made it an event. Ignore him....and it's a non-event.
I'm just against anyone who tries to censor another individual. Idc if he was a racist. He should have the right to speak and be heard by people who want to hear him. Trying to prevent people from making their own ideological decisions & beliefs is fascism in itself.

This happened to Germany because Nazis were allowed to hold rallies.
#RichardSpencer #AltRight #NeoNazis #Nazis 

Fucken saved
#NoPlatform
This is a Nazi propaganda poster from 1928, bemoaning how Hitler wasn't allowed to speak (he was).
5 years later, the Nazis were sending political opponents to concentration camps. 
Post this link to HuffPo and BuzzFeed tweets.
https://dm2.gofund.me/ian-bail-fund 

Anyway that we can get our boy out?
Yes because silencing someone's event will keep him quiet. It's you people that are the reason the cancer known as the alt right is growing. Let the moron speak and make an ass of himself. Then you won't have 20 arrests. And if you're ideas were truly better, why not prove that
In a debate. Oh wait, I forgot, you're antifa. you're a group of soyboy castratos and fat single feminists. And for the millionth time, you claim to be anti fascist but use fascist methods to silence anyone right of Karl Marx.
Doing the government's work for them, huh, anarchists?
You're literally the fascist.  You are disrupting free speech.
Too late, BOM:
No one knew who he was before the pres campaign, yet he leads an entire underground movement that already existed and thrives in its own way & has for quite some time, apparently.
I think they need to be spotlighted and shunned by their towns/businesses/neighbors.
I still get a kick outta the clip set to music, where he gets the stiff forearm to the head. 
He seemed so sure of himself...just seconds before!
You are the fascists. You’re just too stupid to understand that.
Courage 
Your bio says "confronting oppression in all it's.forms".. the irony
Free speech for everyone, even if I disagree.
Especially if I disagree

Video footage from KCL Strand Campus shows protestors disrupting KCL Libertarian Society event. | Credit : Hebing Wang 
You should all be embarrassed.
So brave.
London 
https://londonstudent.coop/news/2018/03/05/kcl-libertarian-society-event-disrupted-and-strand-campus-evacuated/ …
This beautiful San Diego wedding venue is so close to Sea World, San Diego Zoo & USS Midway Museum.  Check out the Crowne Plaza San Diego-Mission Valley
