we are also the first federal political campaign to use a tor onion service on the “dark web” https://xychelseaxqpywe4.onion 
our servers do not log visitors or IP addresses - the only info we will collect is if you donate or sign up to volunteer
at the top of our platform is the immediate and complete abolition of @icegov #abolishICE

Is this a joke? Come on it’s gotta be 
No it’s not. And you know, just thought I tell you this. If it wasn’t for her, we would have never known about anything going on in the Middle East.
It should be a joke. I was in the Middle East so i know what was going on. Didn’t need some dude releasing classified info. He should be in prison still
It's she, Bob.
They don’t want accept transgenders. They’re transphobic. I also believe that there more than 2 genders out their in the universe and beyond. For now we only know two. That doesn’t mean we should be close minded about having more than 2 genders.
No pretty sure there’s only 2
How would you know? Have you left this planet to explore others? I guarantee you when we are ready for extraterrestrial contact that they’ll be saying that there’s more than 2 genders.
Seriously we are talking about ET now? .  This convo has went way too far left for me. Sorry but there is only 2 genders. DNA says we have male and/or Female. Can’t argue with facts. Even ET would know better 
You have a couple of nice ideas.  The border issue is very polarizing, so I think it is good you chose it.

Contrary to most people thinking the US should 'come together', I believe we should separate thoroughly and peacefully.

Rationality isn't the driving force of the division
Would rather see this as number 2 on your list. Ending all foreign conflicts and bringing the troupes home should be a priority. It’s bankrupting the USA and killing millions. #AntiWar
I think stack ranking mission critical issues like anti-imperialism and universal health care is a mistake. Like asking someone what their "favorite album" is :)
Lol
You should add A Bill to End Starvation to your platform.

The 5 page piece of legislation would save 75 million lives within 10 years.

Read it here:
https://www.pdf-archive.com/2018/01/25/a-bill-to-end-starvation/preview/page/1/ …
Screw you. Send them back and you can go with them. We the people have had enough.
I hope you burn (melt?) ICE to the ground 
Probably because exposing war crimes shouldn't be a crime.
Do you believe that a trip between Boston and Montreal should be just as free of border checkpoints as a trip between Boston and Providence?
Seems like it, as abolition of CBP is part of her platform.
Sure, and pigs can fly too!

My 5 minutes of no more fucks to give. #WegotThis
First steps of freedom!! 

https://www.instagram.com/p/BUMgk0_BPbs/ 

…


why? 
I guess I shouldn't be surprised that a traitor thinks so little of US Citizenship that you'd destroy the concept. 

Are you trying to start a civil war? Because this is how you start a civil war. And that will be after the US is invaded. 

You are a danger to the USA
The agency is only 15 years old. Merely abolishing it is a minor reform.
You are a mental health disaster. Get some help.
Chelsea for president! 
A criminal wants to endorse other criminals.  #notsurprised

Damn she tagged em that’s cold
No
Thank you Chelsea.
?? So anyone will be allowed to import anything into the country, I can’t foresee that being a problem
ICE has only been around since 2003. it’s not as essential as people think it is. we were fine without it
I guess but agencies were merged together to form ICE as a result of 9/11. Customs enforcement has been around long before 2003 and would need to be reestablished. Chelsea only talks about the immigration side of it
They also are hugely active in arresting those involved in human trafficking.

I agree with or partially agree with some of your stances, but abolishing ICE is not one of them. Reducing federal power though is .
How about abolition of the police in general. Or at least disarmament.
Your platform, please! You won't get elected dog catcher
It’s on her website.
Abolish entire DHS.
is there a place for #Kanye in your goverment?
