Indict Chelsea Manning immediately.
They misspelled induct.
lol they really don't know how things work do they

I think it is for "participating in a Trotskyist organization" Or some other thoughtcrime.
R.E.M. - Everybody Hurts (Official Music Video)
Hang on Chelsea, lots of people are on your side 
Emoji Crimes 
That's how America works, they can try a person more than once for a criminal charge, even after a presidential pardon. If bitter dickweeds don't like something, there's no legal defense.
But wouldn’t that be double jeopardy? 
FUN FACT
On the 4th of July 2017, Chelsea Manning was the correct response on @Jeopardy.
I may be off on this one, but in order to indict you, wouldn’t you have to have been in violation of New York laws on New York soil? If you were elsewhere, then it would have to be a federal intervention, as defined by the constitution? I’m a tad rusty on the subject... thoughts?
I don’t think that’s the proper word
yeah. indict for grand theft adorable.
Guilty of being absolutely fabulous ?
Induct Chelsea Manning immediately (into the Rock N Roll Hall Of Fame)
Someone (not you) is really, really jelly
She meant elect Chelsea Manning immediately
Stop, in the name of love. Because you broke her heart.
Someone who knee jerk reacts to the headline without reading the actual article.
Who dat?
No... Come on...this could be amusing. Lets hear the charge. It might be something original

#fatchance
This is some unconstitutional bullshit. They need to read the goddamn Bill of Rights next time before they go cooking up their latest half baked bright idea for a new law.
You did the right thing Chelsea.  Thank you for revealing the truth. 
Yes. How DARE you care about your country and the direction it's taking. Whatever were you thinking. 
For your awesomeness!! 
I know thats a typo, but there are two words I think that, that could be a typo OF .. 
We love you girl!
So sad moving to DC from SS so wont get to vote for you! 
I think they want to watch us have sex?
Oh geez you have a die hard fan there.
