you look terribly ugly, sorry m8 but it's truth like you exposed.
Jealous people will only call others ugly.
Looking for something higher than "the look".
F*ck that guy with a nine iron. No ky.
Your gorgeous! No idea what that clown is talking about.

Bit your not ugly tho
Blessings, Chelsea!
Wolves don’t suffer the opinions of sheep...
Common twist of personal feelings with facts. Are there more beautiful? sure, but varies on opinions.
I respect you tolerance and candor; but this is simply not true. You ARE a glorious soul--both inside and out. 
You look great.
You’re hot 24/7/365 @xychelsea .
Troll. With only 8 followers. 
You got this, Chelsea. Lots of love and strength. 
Heck to that person.  You look cute, strong, and purposeful.
pfffft easy to h8 when you lead a meaningless life when no real accomplishments. I’m proud of you, nobody is perfect but you have brought to light misdeeds we all deserve to know 
THEY GOT IT RIGHT. YOU DID EXPOSE TRUTH. AND WE ARE FOREVER THANKFUL FOR YOUR SERVICE AND BRAVERY, CHELSEA.

THEY JUS MAD THEY COULDN'T DO WHAT YOU DID...OR LOOK GOOD DOING WHAT YOU DID.

Now I can rest my Twitter vocal cords. 
You're a beautiful person, inside and out.
Beautiful people come in all shapes and sizes, colors genders, genetic line, hat sizes, foot sizes, you get my drift, even the poor of spirit, like you...
Fake News!
I don't think there's a more beautiful woman. With everything you've done for this world. This person must be very ugly, they can't recognize true beauty!
I don't even like Chelsea that much but she's fuckin beautiful no bullshit
Haters gonna hate... your an amazing person and you look fab.
Bs,
RT @xychelsea: im ok with this  https://twitter.com/izci07mehmet/status/988179809833570304 … 

I'm not fond of your eyewear (just don't think those frames are "you" ) but otherwise you are cute as a button. 

Where the fuck did that phrase originate, I wonder...
@Izci07Mehmet you look great, this person is a loser
You're a great American and a hero!
I think you're hot as a firecracker.
Youre gorgeous gurl and i love how the hair has grown! <3
I think you are beautiful
Hmmm. I think you’re cute.
Pvt manning is still a man pretending & playing dressup as a woman, but still won't
allow himself to known as a "drag queen"
You’re beautiful and I hope you win your congressional race! #WeGotThis
So that guy believe the truth is subjective, like 'pretty', 'ugly' ... That's called taste. Ha-ha! Truth, like science, is inter-subjective.
You look like a ray of sunshine
People are cruel.
I'm sure I don't have to tell you that.
Don't let the bastards grind you down....
Good luck Chelsea
joke em if they can't take a fuck
you're beautiful
I really hope you don't believe that person. No one should think that about themselves. Anyway, there's no such thing as objective attractiveness/unatractiveness. And for what it's worth to you, based on the replies, seems like that opinion is outnumbered.
I think the haters miss the point of what ugly looks like.
you are brilliantly beautiful. knowing who you are, 
active desire of becoming makes us beautiful.

but that one is for sure 
"the reactive fascist structure of desire" 
pity, that's the only way they deal w desire.
you’re gorgeous sweetie
Totally uncalled for. But do you notice it’s coming from a person that doesn’t have the courage to show THEIR face.
You're beautiful .. normally I would love to call you a fellow Kansan ... but in this case I apologize you were forced upon us ....  you will do great things .... just keep expressing your views ..
You look just fine. Actually, you look fantastic.
I have to say, I stridently disagree, although even if I were in complete agreement I'd be pretty annoyed.
Fuck that guy, you look great
People that go out their way & take their time to call u ugly just aren't happy with themselves  Also,I encourage you to expose the government over & over again in an attempt 2 protect Americans & drop knowledge! You are amazing & beautiful
Chelsea you’re beautiful
You didn't challenge to a duel!!!!
Some folks are just horrid.
not true though
he looks like mr. burns
You are beautiful on the inside and out. This person is sad and apparently doesn’t realize that hatred and trying to tear other people down makes them the “ugly” one. Smh. 
Your are not only physically beautiful, Chelsea, but your beautiful spirit shines through and makes you more beautiful. 
You look great. And I love the specs. Don't mind that gobdaw.
Too cool and confident af.  Way to live it.
Very few care to see either your face or resulting comments. It's Twitter not Facebook.
Haters, ugh! I suppose it's the nature of the beast. I hope it helps to know I think you're beautiful inside and out! #Chelsea
Chelsea only grows stronger
What is the definition of terribly ugly? Surely it's part of a thing of judgement from personal belief? Each to their own.
Found another jelly salty sad person?
It takes a lot of work to make yourself up to fit the absurd beauty standards of this society.

The day we move past it is the day we stop holding back our true potential.
~when my haters have to call me ugly because everything else they think about me is good shit~
How dare you

Chelsea is adorable 
Nah. Chelsea is gorgeous, strong, and honorable!
I think you're pretty so my one tweet overrides his because I'm cuter.
