Lmao @MarkWhitney69 I will admit this had me laughing lol
Always nice to see you smile 
I love you!
Enjoy that global warming!

I didn't know so many people hated sunny days
Dafuq are those sores on your neck.. Kaposi Sarcoma?
#barf
The ugliest man I've ever seen 
You still look like a dude Bradley.. albeit a soy boy, but still a dude
She's the first ever US traitor/candidate alt right antifa man woman anarchist politician.

Identity crisis. Please get help, delete your social media, and settle for a quiet life where you can salvage some of your time on this earth and use your second chance at freedom wisely.
Ur cute!
omg you look so cute and beautiful 
well ok matt CHOACKES ON DDDDDDick
The GIF  says it all.

You should be in incarcerated at a male prison. You're despicable to this Country.

DFMB
You still have a shadow.
Dear Lord... You have a permit for that face?
My poop in the toilet bowl looks better than your face.
OH I AM IN LOVE!!! 

Can you stop with the #bullying?
Absolutely Gorgous!! xoxo

Awesome possum!
that looks like lyfantte park near Farragut north

A dude with bolt-ons. How gnarly.

You're a dude
What kind of life do you lead that makes you want to follow some lady around on the internet attacking her with low-effort tweets like this?
You look so happy.  That makes me happy. You go girl!
Absolutely revolting.
That face (barf)
That's one ugly little boy.
Imagine if anyone associating with elite capitalists who are source of imperialism for U.S. empire were shamed and called out the way people like @xychelsea are for being in same room as "alt-right". People who "normalize" the sociopath Clintons/Bushes and their evil acts...
You have something in your teeth 

Girl how bout Reality Winner? FREE HER!
I just threw up a little in my mouth
I'm voting for you!
Dude...
I don't know where you are but should it be this warm?
Hey Brad. 
Does it upset you that the person you're trying to upset with this is the one person that will just ignore you? That in the end of the day your insults are pointless.
Good to see you around again! I missed seeing you on here

It's refreshing to go out in a lighter top that shows a little skin once in a while.  Nice top.
ya i just bought a new heater
Looking great! Hope your campaign is also going great! 
But there is a price for those gifts, who is buying what? What's the quid pro quo, what's the this for that?
I'm speechless. A saboteur and a rogue agent is being treated like a celebrity and loaded down with gifts. While I sleep homeless in the snow. It's ironic, because it's the opposite of how things ought to be. The whole culture is reversing itself and becoming contradictory.
My heart melted <3
Gross.

Get those spots checked out dude
#BoycottOil or burn trees and rise seas.
Chelsea Manning: "Brain damaged, since the day I was born."

Ewwwww .... need a shave to get rid of your 5 o'clock shadow & whoever does
your eye makeup, really needs to go back to school.
I think she's nice.
No
Beautiful!
Keep on smiling, while your haters stay salty AF. That's victory.
If I lived in Maryland, I'd vote for you!
Personally I hate the hot weather, but you enjoy yourself. :)
I'll make you wildly warm
Puking won't help you be as beautiful as she is, and eating disorders like Bulimia are no joke, and can have serious consequences. Please remember that we all can be beautiful inside and that it's not good to compare yourself to celebrity types. You do you, and please seek help.
What a terrible photo! Yo can do better than this Bradley
Who is that? I think you're on the wrong thread. You're responding to a woman named Chelsea FYI.
You have horse teeth!
You are uglier than dog shit
At least everyone can still agree on nice weather 
Yeah, you sent the cold over here in California. High 70° Low 47° Brrr. Thanks A lot
That's cold?!?!
It is over here :O
You still have a cock Bradley
Say what u may but manning ISN'T  attractive
You look amazing <3
Me .. You 
Not being funny mate,but you had a better chance as a bloke!
I want to 
CONTROL YOURSELF JAMES

Geezer in his mom's clothes
@JesseBWatters @RealJamesWoods
@AnnCoulter @foxandfriends

This cannot become normalized.

A Criminal 

And subject of biological Voodoo

posts a butt ugly pic glorifying the weather... 

Are we exalting Freakdom as the new culture....
You look happy  I really like this picture
IF YOU DISAGREE WITH CHELSEA'S ALT RIGHT FRIENDS YOU ARE A TERF.
Thank you so much for being here. You have every right to withdraw from public life, it means a lot that you CHOSE to be present.
Since you are running for MD Senate, can you talk about things that concern the citizens you are asking to represent? Like the MD gerrymandering case in the Supreme Court that will be decided in June of this year?
Are you in the yard? Surprised they let you out? #Traitor
You look so good!  I hope you're doing well.
You look like a dude. Not even close....Try again
Cocaine is a hell of a drug.
enjoy yourself girl.
Can't you just go enjoy the weather or something?
Well, Bradley, you should enjoy it since you should be in prison.
I love Chelsea's dress, anyone know where she got it? 
Store
do me a favor, roll around in the grass, or at least take off your shoes to feel it in between your toes. i am so happy you are alive!!!!!!!!
That is one fugly DUDE.   And some other DUDE is asking for a “nip slip”... just too damn funny
I thought the glasses were cat ears at first :3
You look so pretty there Chelsea. 
Don't lie! this is one of the most terrible photos he has ever taken
Looking beautiful as ever
Picnicing with your friends from the #altright #Nazis #whitesupremacists from #Charlottesville who murdered #HeatherHeyer ?? #SundayMorning #AMJoy #CADem2018 Diane Feinstein
It's so warm that my balls are sticking to my left thigh.
Hey traitor. Cute dress.
Jealous! We got about 8 inches of snow out here

You look gorgeous today
You need to shave. You have 5 oclock shadow under your snoot.
Big hugs from Ecuador!
Climate change. I fear for this coming summer.
Chest like an ironing board.
Nice
Keep fighting off the terfs!  

#WeGotThis
What about gun control?
Such a cute smile, keep it up boo! <3
You are so beautiful Chelsea  I hope you win the election. Peace & Love to you.
Its good to be free Chelsa? Thanks for what you did for all of us...Now just live
He hacked off his penis and demands people reclassify him as a female. Lying is not beneficial
At least he had a penis unlike yourself...And his balls were bigger than your dreams..What have you've done in life? the exactly...no body knows you or will..Why? Cause you've done nothing nor will..

Gimme some nip slip
she's not gonna bang you
Too much partying not enough campaigning!  I think your misleading ppl #NazisForManning
what the heck it's still super freakin cold over here 
Joy looks good on you. <3
You look great!!!
Shut up diet Snowden
Gorgeous weather for a gorgeous girl 
Wouldn't call that gorgeous
Not funny! Your UK followers are in for the coldest week for 5 years!
Global warming
Looking beautiful today Chelsea 
Queen
Tank top in FEBRUARY!?
Hei... you look wonderful and joyful!  Congratulations!
Love & the Interwebs.
