Yes, companies should not sell user data in the manner they have been. The answer to that isn’t that the government should have access to it too with the intent to monitor and police “suspicious behavior”, especially not homeland security.
You’re kidding yourself if you think that the department that was down to enforce an unconstitutional travel ban will use this for anything other than surveillance of marginalized people. They’re also using weasel words to stoke fake outrage in this email.
The “limited use cases” they’re complaining about is this thing called due process. Subpoenas and warrants. Wow what a bother right?

The answer to issues of data and privacy being bought and sold is not to deregulate it even further. Privacy needs more garrisons.
If they come to you asking for aid in helping them capitalize on fb’s data mess by using weasel words to leak more data, I ask you to join me in telling them to fuck off. Policing would continue to be focused on criminalizing those most vulnerable, not protecting people.
This WILL be used to make ICE raids worse. To crack down on more sex workers. To fuck with protestors. If you have any doubt, please remember that law enforcement does nothing when they *already have all the information about who is doing threats and harassment*
This is so fucking dangerous in our political climate, *especially* for immigrants. Please do not let the real issues of privacy and online safety be co-opted to hurt more people.
*thats* the story I have to tell on this.
on a personal level I’m so fucking skeeved out that anyone would ask to use my voice for this.
Cc: @EFF
homeland security stay out of my DMs
ALWAYS snitch on the government.
As if they dont have access to all the info they want already?  Come on...
The email's content and rhetoric make it pretty clear that the government doesn't have legal, legit access to everything you imagine they do. Legitimizing their rapacious data harvesting w/o clear rules about what they get and how it will be used will do more harm than good.
The FBI showed up at my house t home ask about the Facebook groups I’m in. It’s happening.
This is not speculation, like the agent said it.
This is amusing...carry on...
How do they just seem 2 know? Weird, huh?
Ooh. Cuz they are in a FB group, it's public info so they shouldn't be surprised? 1. There are tons of invitation-only secret FB groups that aren't publicly listed. 2. If the FBI harassing people b/c of their social media activity, why are hate groups not being harassed?
@threaderapp, please unroll
This reminds me of when HS tried to force Apple to unlock the San Bernardino shooter's iPhone. It was security theater, trying to force the placement of back doors to private data, regardless of guilt. Turns out there were other ways of getting the data they needed.
god! the nerve of them pretending that the real problem with the mass collection of personally-identifying data is that the cops can't have it for free
Um "211" is one of our local helpline numbers, from "United Way" , i think. Not sure if it's just a Cleveland thing, or more national.
It's not in every county but it's a common homelessness/social services number. I work in homeless policy and "But 211 is already a thing" was my first thought.
I remembered that as well. I think they're just implying that this is an additional use case they'd be adding for 211. I doubt they'd completely repurpose it.
Greetings, fellow henhouse denizens! It has come to our attention that your eggs are UNSAFE! We are here to protect them!

... what? Why of COURSE I'm a chicken! What kind of unpatriotic question is that? Step into my office, madam, that we may legally eat... er, question you.
A point of clarification - the Senate Homeland Security Committee is not the Department of Homeland Security. While they exercise some oversight over some parts of the Department, SHSC doesn't and can't tell DHS what actions to take.
No if they’ve been getting complaints from the DHS that they’re losing access to data sources it would make sense that SHSC is doing political maneuvers to get back equivalent access. Of course they don’t bother ask if that access was legally sound to begin with.
Honestly I'd be way less worried about Homeland Security and more worried about local law enforcement doing this shit, though ICE is a part of DHS, and ICE are the jackbooted thugs du jour, so yeah, bad news all around, esp for immigrants.
DHS also does most of the rescuing of sex trafficked children.

What we need is clear laws on how social media data can be used.
Absolutely, but congress is run by a bunch of decayed tech illetrate morons and the lobbyists they prey on that ignorance.  They can't be trusted, what we need is some kind of crypto based social media.
The child sex trafficking issue is obviously more complicated.  But I have to wonder hoe much of that relates to social media, there are always idiots, but I imagine the smart and most dangerous traffickers know to avoid it.
I will keep saying this, no matter how repetitive it gets, who blocks me for it, or how futile it seems to be:

We must provide for our own publication and communication, and get. off. their. internet.
I don't get paid to do the work for public officials. And, no, I won't snitch or spy on civillians, we have rights.
but CLEARLY the solution to corporations having to much access to our private information is to give the government more access to our private information too!
This is why I deleted my Facebook. 1984 is here.
And it has been for a long long time now.  Before trump or obama even.  But hey lets blame current admin for every problem.
Where did this come from? 

Political influencing is a side effect. The problem of data watching us w this kind of scrutiny goes way deeper than that!
This is kinda terrifying.
They already have full access. Facebook is a government spy tool and people are dumb enough to post their daily activity on there and all personal info.
lol, this is what you've been begging for over the last few years though
