Looking good Chelsea! ,...Keep up your good work!
lindaaaaaaaa
Gorgeous!!!
Good joke. Man or woman still unattractive FACT!
I'm in love with you 
... it's like a rainbow gloriole....
So can we get this through Congress?

https://www.pdf-archive.com/2018/01/25/a-bill-to-end-starvation/preview/page/1/ …

Pretty please?

#EndStarvation
I heard you on @TheRealNews being interviewed and I thought you were great
Loved your interview on Intercepted. Best to you.
MY FUTURE SENATOR !!!! 

A double rainbow!!
very nice!
You looks so happy and accomplished! 



look at those legs
You look like you just had a gay idea. 
looks like sunday <3
OMG, the hair i love it! The dress is so cute on you too. <3
You look so happy. After everything you have been through, I am so happy to see that. Congratulations, Chelsea.
If you look closely you have a rainbow halo 
Do We?
Nice rainbow
Why did you steal furniture from a rest home?
Rawr!
You have a rainbow halo! @.@ 
I love you! 
Always Beautiful !!
Gosh how are you always so gorgeous and amazing
I feel like you’re in a three star hotel. Yes?
Sorry about this a head of time .... What an sad excuse for a woman!  Oh Yeah, it's Manning playing dressup as a woman.
Please Her Story Must be Told. Victim
Woman, you are fantastic! 
Do you know Daryl Davis and his outreach work with the KKK?
Why would Chelsea be related to the KKK?
That is a beautiful confident smile. Thank you for choosing to share it.
you probably had a better chance of getting laid when you were a man.
Just a dude wearing a dress.
Beautiful 
You will be a fine congresswoman
Hugs to you
In what alternate universe?
Beauty! 
Pic would be even better if there were bars in front of you
hi
Huh?
What? Oh hello Chelsea
Damn you looking good. Mmm mmm, delicious.
This one makes you look better.
Of course I shouldn't ask something personal, I only feel very curious to know about one of my idols (yeah personal decisions, but Stallmann for an example stimes writes personal things and I really enjoy them), so if possible can you do?, Can you share some of ur personality ?
Oh, Brad.  TMI. #Traitor
Cute! Love the dress 
looking good Chelsea!
Pretty!!
Are you a leprechaun?
So pretty Chelsea!
That dress is spectacular on you! Where'd you get it?
Let's see? I got it A STORE
Oh and with my color and  included
Looking great!
Nice nail polish.
How big is your cock


So sad
You have definitely earned your happiness. Just beautiful through and through and that blue dress 
Your smiles are wonderful
You look lovely...and there's a rainbow above you!
Do you still have your penis?
You got this, hun. Xxx
Yes, Ma'am! 
Hell if I know.

That blows my mind! That is probably exactly what it is!
Nice gaylo
Oh
My
God

;-)
Lovely dress, love the color 
Always nice to see you smile.
Love the rainbow above your head.
Does that happen all the time?
It's her halo.
CHELSEA I DEMAND YOU STOP BEING SO CUTE.
It won't be hard.
OH MAN WHAT A ZINGER. YOU SURE SHOWED HER!
I was hoping.  Thanks for supporting me

Exactly my thoughts any time I see a dude in a dress #What #Delusional
the great irony in "evangelical norm" calling this delusional 
I'm not the one denying science here dude!
Repent now, brother!
Okay, I'll play your silly little game, what do I need to repent of?
Cute sis!
You look really happy.   Yay!
Confident, comfortable, and smiling because you have zero f's to give to haters.
It's illegal to be this cute.

But Chelsea doesn't care. 
You look gorgeous and relaxed, lovely x
Of course there is a rainbow above his head
Nasty
The rainbow tho!!
Why u always look greasy and your hair needs washed? It's fact
You look lovely
Lookin fab girl
Campaign dressed like this.
looking so good there @xychelsea
It's a gaylo.
You're so gorgeous! <3
Looking good..x
beauty...
love your smile stay strong! the best is yet to come!
It is a cool thing to have laser depilation for free... 
Adorable!
Queer halo angel bless u Chelsea 
chelsea manning
mom i would die for you
Looking well Chelsea, glad to see you always smiling
You look great!


Gorgeous, darlin!!
Chelsea lookin' fiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiine <3
Love the rainbow halo 
Kick some ass Chelsea!
Awesome rainbow crown 
hey beautiful 
Why do you have a lamp on if you have the window open?
OMG you've got a rainbow halo!! :)
GUAPA!!!
Cheering for you. And thank you for your courage.
What's your opinion on the use of 3D Printing to create affordable housing and housing for the homeless?
Is that actually possible? If it is, people should look at doing it on a smaller scale, at least providing shelter for the homeless!
Yes it is. Several companies can print a 3D 650 sqft house in less than 24 hours for under 10k
