Yea, because that would help the gulf states and Russia who would love to dictate prices and use the excess cash to start wars. I thought you were against war?
The oil and gas is getting exported due to the restrictions on fuel export being lifted... this is only about making money are are the pipelines to the ports.
More of anything equals less price for that anything. Less price equals less spending money for Russia and Saudi and Iran etc.
Errr, no. Who ever taught you economic theory?

This is only about the rich getting richer, nothing to do with 4d chess
Well Economists taught me. More oil in the market equals less price. This is simple supply and demand. We are not talking about 10K finance reports and ROE
Saudi and other middle eastern producers have also upped there production.

Oil price is affected by one thing at the moment, politics.
Politics of course will affect the market in the short term. But supply and demand will determine price over the long haul. Politics affect it because they believe supply may be hurt. Demand is increasing with better economic outlook as well. We should max produce for that reason
'Long Haul', a bit of special pleading there?

Where would your claims be borne out in the numbers?  

Is this really about economics? Are you just a shill for the oil producers?
Chelsea come and #StandWithRed! The cops are trying to starve tree-sitters off their own land so they can pollute it! 


https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/local/virginia-politics/perched-on-a-platform-high-in-a-tree-a-61-year-old-woman-fights-a-gas-pipeline/2018/04/21/3b8284b4-435e-11e8-bba2-0976a82b05a2_story.html?__twitter_impression=true …

#NoMVP #IStandWithRed #WaterIsLife #PreserveBentMountain #ClimateChangeIsReal
Can you stand with Red?  #DefendWhatYouLove #IStandWithRed
Local police won't let her have food or water.   Tree sit protest against fracked gas pipeline in SW Va.
Any chemical analysis data for us nerds?
you sound like my narcissistic mother Johan Green think positive she said. BUT her actions toward me not the golden child was NEGATIVE. From what I see you want everything your war or not at all LIKE Johan Green
Yeah I can see how wanting to leave a little clean water for future generations could be considered narcissistic....
Oh fuck I love chocolate milk
You sure that  isn't tap water from Flint Michigan ???
I wouldn't drink that.
I just watched Gasland yesterday! Also I made this poster a few weeks ago but Pruitt's gone and done even more terrible things since then...
you could say we are in... fracking hell
Why do you have a chocolate milk?
calories and protein
I think Nesquik got broke and are unable to afford to produce proper bottles 
Mmmm...chocolate!
OFFS Bradley!  There is absolutely NO credible science showing that fracking is dangerous in any way.
@seanonolennon actually, it really shd be an out & out ban (as shd be w/nuclear power); we need a crash program, federally led, 4 renewable energy.   Opposing perverse tech like fracking shd be vocally a part of ur platform, and might actually attract some important supporters
Could be repackaged and sold in your refrigerated section as MooLatte.
Where do you get your #FakeNews?
What i want to know is-do you got this ?
Shut the frack up, DUDE.
Your disgusting
https://www.ndr.de/fernsehen/Die-Tricks-der-Oel-und-Gaskonzerne,doku1074.html …

From Germany...
or your own shit.
You have a chip in your manicure...
You should see what a jug of water from the Mississippi looks like.
Nowhere near that appetizing.
In STX just waiting for the earthquakes!
Is that from a fracking injection well, or a well nearby the fracking site? Sorry, I was wondering bc I'm studying environmental engr
Where’s the proof that’s from fracking?
Go to Dimock.
the fact we are getting earthquakes in Oklahoma from fracking to where they were considering stopping it and someone in government stopped them should tell you that those in power are funded by these oil companies to the point where they won't let you stop it
Whoever assembled that bottle has zero aesthetic
@joshfoxfilm
