What do rainbows and hearts have to do with your tweet?  Is that just flair?
#branding
ICE is an arm of the capitalist state. If u abolish ICE without dealing with the system and racism that created it, u will get another version of ICE down the road
agreed
Why aren't you still in prison?
I don't take advice from a traitor. Be thankful your not Russian.
Why should those who come to ANY nation ILLEGALLY get special treatment and those who are here LEGALLY are treated like persona non grata. That is not fair or justified . ICE is doing their job irrespective they are like ANY US or Western organization they are corrupt and there
law and order.  you can't just run around doing what you "FEEL"!!  we have rules for a reason.  hasn't anybody ever told you #NO ?!?
You may hate me forever when I say this and that is fine but let me say this though it was a mistake to make to apply inf the first place like millions of others who come to this country applied for the Green Card thirty seven years ago then March 28th make sixteen years I
Do we really have any rights anyway? In a world that doesn't acknowledge mind control and doesn't have penalties for those that use it, can we win? Are we free? I think not.
Wrong.  They enforce our border laws.  We live by laws which protect our liberty and freedom, written in our Constitution.   I don't go to work so some thug can take what I earned.  Likewise, we have doors on our houses, like nations have borders, to protect what we have earned.
Abolish borders. God didn't give us this world to divide it
Says the aspiring communist, while locking the door where he lives
Nah I'm just a regular communist. Also I have a claim to my home and personal effects. I don't think anyone has a claim to the planet. Also borders require a nation, which as an anarchist I don't like in general

Hell, that short thing was useless anyway! No one will miss it.  ..... 
looks like someone ran out of lithium

Why?
are some criminality they have a job to do and they must enforce the law , why should it be one law for those who are legal and another who are not. No that is not far or right. ICE should stay and do what they are meant to do
I think that BRADLEY should move to Mexico, since he likes illegals so much, he can go live in their country.
@xychelsea look who turned up dead. It has long long *been* time to abolish traitors and murderers. 
Slap some lipstick on buddy, gotta look good for Bubba
Or maybe we should abolish all treasonous traitors?

Why? Do you have a problem with enforcing the law?
Do you not have a problem with the government recreating the Gestapo?
And who precisely is being killed?
I never said people were getting killed, the comparison comes with their tactics. ICE has been ramping up their raids recently, arresting immigrants legal or otherwise without probable cause. Not to mention the Supreme Court rejecting the right to bail hearings for these people.
To me this whole situation is beginning to sound a lot like Japanese Internment, and with the extremist views shared by those in power it could get even worse.
And may I remind you of Joe Arpaio's Tent City? He held immigrants in a work camp without proper facilities in the middle of the fucking desert in Arizona, this went on FOR 24 GODDAMN YEARS! At one point he even called it his personal concentration camp.
And when he's about to get locked up for his crimes, ehat does our president do? He gives him a presidential pardon! Seems pretty fucking fishy doesn't it? Especially with these raids Trump has ordered. To any logical person it should be obvious that Trump wants a prison state.
Stop watching so much PBS, it’s shrinking your brain. Do you even listen to right-leaning news at all?  No.  I have a job so I have to go now.  Love to chat.  Maybe later.
I can only imagine how many White Supremacists got a job in ICE.
That’s one of the problems, your imagination.
there are reports of KKK sympathizers working on police stations across the country... just do a simple google... what I imagined before I saw the news was correct.
Yes, believe everything you read.  Nothing in the MSM is sensationalized, right? The fact that there is a very small percentage of racist nutjobs out there in no way supports that claim.  Back it up with a link or two pls.
https://is.gd/OjQSrM 
https://is.gd/ADESkB 
https://is.gd/SpZOd8 
https://timeline.com/white-supremacist-cops-fbi-b28b3b171d56 …

I just did a google for "kkk police infiltration"... is not complicated
Depends on what news sources you trust. I’m sure that there are racist police somewhere in the US, but it is not epidemic. You must also believe that because a number of US lawmakers have been photographed with Farrakhan, we have an anti-semiticism problem in our gov’t right?
Go away Bradley...
Violating the Espionage Act, stealing government property, violation of the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, multiple counts of disobeying
Hey Bradley, at least @ICEgov takes their oaths seriously to protect and serve.
a flood where I am in Florida nearly nine years of punishment of coming back and the one passport that I want to keep the British is now gone was safely in a bag on top of some chest of drawers ready for me to place in a safe place , the one I want to lose I have still the US
ICE will never be gone. But you will.
Why? They enforce our immigration process. They ensure everyone in this country is legal and if not they deport them. You campare them to #Nazis, but all the innocent people they slaughtered were citizens of that country. #Sheep
No... really YOU should be abolished
Don't drink and tweet
It is all very Nazi like isn't it.
Bradley, you have milked your moment of fame long enough. Better tend to your issues, because there’s no seat in Office for you.
became Citizen after applying in 2001 at the four and half year mark of being in this nation the first time was here longer than the usual vacation and I did it ALL LEGALLY and as I predicted that one day that I will deeply regret it and I do. The sad and ironic thing is Jan 28th
Remember when you tried to gain entry to my country last year and we sent you packing.... we don't allow convicted traitors in Canada ... 
Didnt eat your wheaties today Chelsea? 

As long as we have immigration,  there will be ice to enforce the country's laws
Don't be absurd, every country on Earth has some form of immigration enforcement. I dare you to go to Mexico and violate their laws, see what happens.
You're a dude
So you prefer criminal illegals in our country who murder people and rape children? Of course you do. #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
do you think undocumented immigrants have increased the rape and murder rates in this country? even though they have actually driven them DOWN? Of course you do. #ConservativesAreBlatantlyRacist
Say that to the face of a family who has lost a loved one due to an illegal criminal who has NO RIGHT to be here in the first place. #idiot
you’re referring to a statistically tiny amount of people. Natural born citizens are more criminal than undocumented immigrants. That’s just a fact. If you’re worried about violence in this country, you’d want them to stay. But if you’re just racist, then by all means continue
Not sure how wanting LEGAL immigrants in our country, regardless of where they're from, who aren't criminals & contribute to society, is racist. But that's just another liberal talking point used to defend anti-American, open border policies. I guess laws & common sense is racist
You’ve lost, and are now moving the goalposts. I explained how immigrants aren’t violent, and you have no answer to the facts I provided. Desperate, you now change this into a debate on the value of law in the abstract. Ridiculous.
To associate Mexican immigrants with violent crime is racist. To propose tougher immigration laws as an answer to violent crime is racist. The fact is immigrants are less violent than natural born citizens. Refute those facts, or accept your loss
I never said Mexican. I said regardless of where they come from they should be here legally. The fact that you're making assumptions that all illegals here are Mexican is your racist view. cya.
Her hormones are affecting his brain 
I had to read your sentence a few times 

Abolish ICE ? Foolish woman go live in mexico if you want to be around and help them.There will be many buses leaving for there soon.
FREAK
That's stupid
Since your still confused,  you should to move another galaxy!!!
Why is this hetrophobic scumbag not in jail...trying to normalize a sick twisted mind into a socially accepted identity is pathetically disingenuous in a values based society
As if shit I as taking advice from a person who dosnt even know if he's a man or a women I'll pass

Continuing your treason I see. Go away
Your next
You should be in prision
Shouldn’t you be doing your nails or something?.....you worry about your little world and leave the real world alone.....
I think they should abolish you back to jail.
Just wondering Brad, why do you think anyone gives a runny shit what you think?
It's the BEST thing ever- to clean up our country! Keep up your great work @ICEgov  MILLIONS appreciate your work!!!
Did you really say that?
Mr. Manning,  go put on your big BOY pants and grow up.
Soon as all the illegals are gone first then we can think about it buddy!
Go fix your lipstick  
Do you shop at target?
The men n women of ICE are heroes they put their life on the line to protect this great country of ours. Not like u a traitor of our country who thinks he's a woman. Just because u tuck Mr Winkie between yr legs doesn't make u a woman sorry to inform u.
What is it talking about?#Freak
If by abolish you mean triple the size of their force and let them do their job I'm with you dude.
Please do yourself a favor and seek professional help.  This charade you’re living will end badly if you don’t admit you have a problem and try to help yourself.

Abolish ilegal Immigration, build  The Wall.  Sanction Latin America and specially Mexico for not securing the border
Please crawl back under your rock and shut up! Your crazy is. It welcome here!
You’re a mess
Not happening.
What planet did you just arrive from, again? Asking for a friend...
ur a  bro, but pls keep it up
#redpillnation
Still sore about your foiled run for office. Hahahahahaha
Keep dreaming, they aren’t going anywhere. Who are you to even think you have any kind of power in any kind of way to get rid of @ICEgov
They enforce the laws concerning immigration in to this country. Of course, following the law is something you don’t believe in.
Go live in tijuana.
You're a clown @xychelsea
America has laws. If you don't like America's laws please feel free to leave. We will not change because of your crazy views.
You without a doubt Bradley are the dumbest SOB on Twitter
Ohh my.
Ok cup  the WH said they’d be right on that for you!!! 
Ok . But first we are going to abolish the illegal aliens.
You’re insane.  The hormones must be getting to you.  You belong in JAIL.
#LiberalismIsAMentalDisease
Christ loves you too, though he does recognize that you are a dumb b*tch.
I agree. #AbolishICE
or as I say: #ICEisSS
Woah there hotshot. You sure got them. Everyone, look at this madman go! You sure dont sound crazy or ridiculous or anything by comparing the two!
OMG  Yes “it” did and your tax dollars paid for it...
When people actually take your advice brad, the inmates will actually be running the asylum.

How’s your fake vaj?
Seen a couple... Medical mess is how it is 
can we just abolish dumbasswitches? yes u..
HE HIM HE HIM HE HIM MAN HIS HE HIM MAN    !!!   TRAITOR !!!!
No, CIA is first, sorry
OMG!!!! Do you people really think; at all???? SMH    
showing everyone just how confused/corrupt you really are!! Bradley!!!
You’re an ugly little boy
Dude! Listen!  ICE isn’t going anywhere!
Liberals hate laws being enforced, right Brad?
Got pee?

I’m thinking the same thing about you.
Absolutely perfect Douglas, I feel the same way about him/her!
You are mentally ill. Seek help.
You need to zip it buddy. We are a nation of laws.
It's long long been time that you recognize your DNA.
U r a male treasonous traitor
We have ice for a reason. They enforce our nation's laws and protect us. The myth that illegals aliens are all wonderful people is utter crap. Here is very long list of what our country has to deal with.
With male genital mutilation... yes the results are that bad ... and no more feeling anything except psyche pops
 good one. You definitely belong in another country.
A criminal traitor hates law enforcement, what a surprise

You are the one that should be abolished
Never gonna happen, move out of the country if you want to be an anarchist
Why? This makes no sense!
Mental illness cannot be reasoned with. But I’m sure there are plenty of sycophants who adore your depravity, sir.
Traitor
ICE needs to be expanded.
That’s ignorant dude..
That’s dudette! 
Support @ICEgov
Not gonna happen crazy whateveryouare

Please leave this country you hate so much. Perhaps your king Obama has ideas for you. You’re nothing but a traitor.  Sorry, not sorry.
Lol
I support ICE...
They are important.
Can you please just fall into the 41% already 

That’s pure idiocy.
No, it’s time to abolish multiple genders.  We have males and females.  
Little boy, go sit down somewhere
The level of ignorance in this tweet is so damn high, I won't even take the time to retort with something intellectual you will never understand

Oh, and #traitor
ICE= Gestapo. Nazism reconstituted & Americanized
Why?
Time for you to go back to jail Manning.
Coming from a professional criminal like yourself
#DisarmDefundDisband
Why do you say cooky crazy things? You seriously can believe the stuff that comes out of your mouth I hope. I support @ICEgov
It shouldn’t have existed in the first place.
Then who would enforce immigration law!
@OP
Agree!!! It's inhumane treatment!
Where have you seen a MASS force we barely make a dent in it and we certainly need what we do have so we don’t have anymore Kate Steinly type victims anymore. Most local LE isn’t allowed to do it at all and that’s a huge mistake by local and state governments.
You are the one who acts like a victim all of the time.
No without ice we don't have borders. they get all of the violent criminal aliens out of our country.When are you going to figure that out?
What? Why? ICE may need to be improved, but we need to have the ability to get rid of illegal immigrants and to keep them out. I would like you to give one real reason we need to get rid of ICE but not illegal immigrants?
So it’s open borders and free shit for everyone on my dime then? Excellent plan.
You give away most of what you earn to people who don't deserve it already. Why are you so reticent to help working folk like yourself?
Why not abolish them all? Run free  Run free all Criminals, Murderers, Drug Lords, Rapists, Pedophiles .... You’re batshit crazy! Your emoji’s are very childish. #BuildThatWall #Trump2020 #LawEnforcement #AmericaFirst
I'll make u love America Chelsea
Long Live The Dreamers 

Immigrants, even ones who are not in this country illegally, commit violent crimes at a rate far lower than naturally born citizens. 
People like you are way more dangerous. Especially when you peddle hate like this.
Screw that !!!!!
Legal fascists.
so heartbreaking! HORRIBLE what ICE is doing
Yeah, so heartbreaking and horrible to protect LEGAL American citizens by getting rid of those here ILLEGALLY...    what a shame...
and the ATF ...
and abolish the DEA as well ....
You are all on Native Americans’ land without proper permission documentation visas....
Exactly. Why not kick out all non natives and send them back europe?
law is a common rules that ALL members of the community follows 

     IF one seeks to break up the community using laws | that is a contradiction
You're a criminal. You should still be in prison, where we wouldn't have to read your tweets.

Shall we have military police combing the streets for illegal immigrants? After all, the Constitution says the federal government has the power in regards to immigration. Am I wrong? Did I miss something? Where are your ideas, candidate?
This isn't a recall election..
If it was, shall I compare you to Gary Coleman?
I support illegal immigration.. and also the right to shoot people who trespass. .. point being I see both perspectives.
You're out of your mind. First, you wanted to abolish prisons in America now this. I guess you want to live in a lawless America. You're out of touch with reality. I support @ICEgov and their efforts to #MakeAmericaSafeAgain.
Break the ICE! 
Well, Bradley, as soon as you let strangers come into your home as they please, we'll think about it. Until then, hush.
Bro, the individual and their families and friends are able to stand against evil and build lives with joy and love with a bond. The nation is a giant family to build a beautiful and thriving culture and which can stand against evil and assure the ongoing well being of all.
...and so they lived happily ever after.
ICE has no place in the civilized countries. Down with ICE!!!!
I heard mexicans were set to double their population in 10 years I think they'll be alright.
Sweet sauce! Go @LibbySchaaf ! #AbolishICE #PowerToThePeople
In your view should anyone on Earth be an American if they manage to get in?
Why start and stop with ICE?
#AbolishPolice
ACAB. 
A modern day gestapo.
Lolll that under armor
I bet you cannot vote being a convicted traitor and all Bradley
Cant tbey really thars a bit of a stupid law to keep punishing them forever yet expect people to get out and be good with no incentives if you keep punishments going
Yea for petty criminals, I would agree. But not for convicted Traitors. Should not be allowed on US soil in my opinion
1) She can vote, her state doesn't disenfranchise.

2) She was not even charged with treason, much less convicted of it.
