notifications are turned off of course
Welcome to extremely online. Enjoy your stay in Hell
Twitter needs a Benedict Arnold emoji.
the #DOD just isn't taking
 Chelsea!
Being able to tweet anywhere is a pretty cool feature. I check my timeline in the shower sometimes
That's my fantasy but my phone isn't waterproof
I can’t believe you didn’t have it already.
Always use my PC since it has a keyboard that allows me to type much faster, a screen big enough for me to actually read and all my pictures are in easy to access folders.
Only use the app when I'm travelling, like on the way to the gender clinic.

my word! good luck <3 you can always uninstall.
Welcome to the collective. #wegotthis on our phones now
It tracks your location 24/7 and eats up your battery
If you value your privacy, you will use a landline and not carry around a phone at all
Oh God I’m doomed! Mind u if they want 2 follow me while I lead my innocent life at almost 60 protesting ppl like HRC & going out in Greenwich Village  dancing at 2 am while pulling up WL on my phone 2show any1 who will listen that #BernieWouldHaveWon &DWS’s a crook So be it:) 
Tweetbot app is better mate
I hope you're doing well, Chelsea
Be careful. They may share your info with Wkikleaks
App CONSISTENTLY & intermittently blocks me from yours, @JulianAssange @ElizabethleaVos @Suzi3D @Snowden
You will never sleep again.
Welcome. I've been following you. I admire what you've done. Eventually most will. Well done you :-)
Welcome to the app!
Lol, i thought you already posted from your phone.
It’s not so bad really. Better than the FB app anyway

I found that flamingo works much better than the actual Twitter app on Android.  It'll autosplit long posts as needed.
I have a cheap flip phone, so do all of my "Twittering" on the desktop. :-)
I had a cheap flip phone but did not keep track of it
Going to be a contrarian here. Very good decision, should have done it earlier.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QgVPnWmUqd4 …
Yul Brynner and Deborah Kerr perform "Shall We Dance" from The King and I

You thought solitary was bad... wait until the notifications

#sorry #hadtodoittoem
my cell phone plan cost me nothing
honestly i feel like twitter is much easier to use on a phone, it's like it's made for mobile
Our thoughts and prayers are with you in this difficult moment.
Yay :)
Delete it Chelsea!  YOU WILL REGRET THIS!
Dont do it! its not good for onec health (i had it for a week)
The yo-yo of adding and deleting twitter continues...I refuse to go back. If I get out of hand, I even log out of the website to remind myself to expose myself less frequently
OH NOOO.... use security!!
Welcome back Chelsea, I hope you are doing well.
Yes! Now maybe I can figure out how to talk with you about your campaign! I would like to become a small part of your success.
Watch out Chelsea!!! The government might be watching you after installing the app 
rut roh
Welcome  :)
Are the alerts going to drive you insane?
you can silence them 
Yeah, this is definitely what hell feels like, isn't it.
dont do it chelsea
You made a terrible mistake!
