not my best worded or intended tweet - not everyone can do field work and I appreciate that
yeah, um, I get that this is kinda elbow jab reply, but not all activists are able to actually get out
true
Cant ask for an apology for some people with mental illnesses or physical disabilities are unable to practice what they preach off their computers
Seeing I can't edit I want to correct it here, "can't ask for an apology BUT for..."
hear ya
Why the lackluster reply ? I'm a white person with autism and maybe I take it personally as well, but I should take responsibility for my racist tendencies in my underlying biases which I may use on accident in my language. Could you do the same for assuming that people
I am so sorry for what you went through in that deleted tweet Chelsea, and glad friends were there to help you. You've already proven yourself as a hero. You don't have to answer to anyone anymore.

Your life is complete @afooltocry
1) The beginning is here.

Wow @ @ItsNotEmmi, really great. :-)

Cc: @AnarchoPakman;
https://twitter.com/AnarchoPakman/status/988105443812749313 …
Says the guy who betrayed her country from behind a keyboard.
fuckin yikes, way to be dismissive of a valid concern and then pull the "keyboard warrior" card. you don't know what that person has done to stop the alt-right, and she doesn't owe you her life story. lmao at the hypocrisy of yelling at someone for being behind a keyboard
from behind a keyboard. this is some social media clout bullshit and you should be ashamed for using your platform like this.
You hung out with Nazis
Imagine actually being this person.
"Existing near someone I dislike makes you irrevocably evil"
Why does it say this quote is unavailable? Not tweeter savey...
stop abusing emojis! PLEASE!
Why does this bother you so much?
lol, it doesn't.
Then why do you care how she tweets?
I don't. Her mastery of Twitter is self-evident
Why do people always pull the exceptions out?  I am disabled and I got off my death bed to Stand against this murderbycop epidemic went coast to coast... as well as I was up at StandingRock and down at BearsEars.   I endure pain 24/7 ... stop making excuses that are not yours!
Truth! Thanks. We need more folks actively engaged and willing to #organize -- together #WeGotThis
Believe in Jesus, He can help you
Aww the culturally appropriated Jewish Brown guy they bleached and stuck on a stick to waddle the world genociding Brown folks with...after of course genociding his ppl too.   Ahhh WhitePrivilege and Willfulignorance ...
this is... a bad response
You aren’t even a real girl
"muhhhhh liberals!"

Real life activism *is* hard. But we've reached a point where people have been burned too many times by the people they look up to. I think it would be better to try and regain these people's trust instead of calling them keyboard warriors and alienating possible allies.
Why u searching ur own name like that of ur busy "doing activism" lol
"stop hiding behind a keyboard!" i yell from behind a keyboard
That's a great idea too sir. If guys like you stood up, and against, the manipulation of little boys and girls to force them to go along with #leftist indoctrination then all of mankind would be better off. I'll continue to advocate against your idealogical propaganda. #MAGA
hmm.. not sure I agree with that.. both are important..
but you can get a lot done never having to walk out of your house
...Mark Rudd quote, "There are only two kinds of people who advocate for  #violence - very #stupid people and cops." -> https://mobile.twitter.com/tinysocialista/status/988126796846641153?p=v …
Saw the deleted tweet. Lots of love 
me too. all the love Chelsea.
like transferring classified documents? All those paper documents... How long did it take to load up the truck?
Who cares? Humans have free will and can go where they please. And really, a far right gathering obviously will never embrace a trans-woman. It's like if a black man took a selfie at KKK rally, you wouldn't assume he's joining the Klan.
Social justice warriors > keyboard warriors
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hyT1buoyTnY …
"FILM THE POLICE" B. Dolan ft. Toki Wright, Jasiri X, Buddy Peace, Sage Francis #FILMTHEPOLICE
In order to understand the other side it helps to interact with them. I think it's courageous. How were you treated?
Real stretch. I don't need to associate with murderers, rapists, Neo-Nazis or drug dealers in order to actively oppose them.
Not asking you to put faith in her! Only the we as free people black and Whites become like the founding fathers killing, fighting and dying for their freedom.
#fbi
This doesn’t answer those criticisms at all tho
I'm too far away to have a valid opinion on the alt-right thing, Africa has its own crap. Getting hate for activism likely means its working
Speaking of activism, have you got a campaign website online? Running out of time before the primaries.
Also, rallies, speaking events, that sort of thing?
Dropping the truth bomb 
i believe what i do on the internet has consequences
rack 'em
queen
preach
he typed from the safety of his keyboard
Keep on keeping on 
