People--especially White people--are taught to think of state violence as inherently legitimate, whether perpetrated by military, police, prison or economic policy.
Don’t be racist...all people.
privilege breeds ignorance. it's not racist to outline the fact that white people at the top of the social food chain are typically more often coerced into accepting state violence, as it has little to no affect on their personal lives. others don't have the privilege of apathy.
So how do you explain the Chinese?

Their government is far more intrusive and controlling than our own, and they don't have much in the realm of a large segment of the population which criticizes it.

Privilege breeding ignorance?
you literally cannot compare race issues in America with race issues in other countries. China is almost homogenously Chinese. there is very little social inequality in races. and plenty of Chinese criticize state violence. typically the economically under-privileged.
Whoa, the Chinese is super racist to their own people. This is beyond ignorant.
shh you can't use proper grammar and you're calling everything racist except the things that actually are lmao
It’s twitter, I didn’t know that I would be judged on such. English is not my first language, but I try my hardest to sound correct.
Or better yet imagine a world without traitors!
Amen
Imagine no states or tyrant leaders

Till then, treason to them all
No single Person should leak classified or opsec information.
You are right! Many should have done it!
No. There must be respect for the law or it’s all meaningless.
One has a moral responsibility to disobey unjust laws.
When did opsec become unjust? The congress can investigate these things without endangering people.
Lmao this is the most ridiculous thing I’ve ever heard
Why?
A world without leaders would be disastrous. Time to move out of fairyland back to reality
they used to say that about kings.
No thank you.  I think that is pretty lame. We elect leaders for a reason. Because most of us have lives, family and don't have time to run a country. We can't get 20 people to agree, how are we going to get 300,000,000 to agree? Nothing would ever get done.
What exactly is "getting done"? Bombing innocent civilians? Having scandals? Exploiting the poor?
Imagine a world without traitors.
I know educated left and independents who agree. #justsaying
Imagine a world without idiots. It might get boring but I would be okay with that.
Oh no....don't leave.
... me this way...
Imagine this world without traitors
Altho I am responding to an ambiguous tweet, I note herein that I regard Snowden and you, Chelsea, as whistleblowing heroes who have let America know the extent of illegal & unconstitutional behaviors taking place in our gov.  Thank you.
Don’t ever use the word hero when talking about these two.
It is unfortunate that we have so few self-sacrificing HEROES like @Snowden & @xychelsea to warn us of unconstitutional abuses in our government intended to be BY & FOR THE PEOPLE.
#HeroesHeroesHeroes  !!!
There’s around 1.2 million heroes and they are not included
I'm a vet.  Are you Fred?   Do you care that our soldiers are regarded as collateral damage in wars created to sustain banksters and control of oil, and control of other nations & resources?  Do you care that $$$ taken weekly from citizens are wasted in extreme for crimes?
I am 18. Leave for USMC Boot Camp in September.
I would like to think that would educate you, but it will instead program you.  Semper Fi.  You will likely come out worse in your B&W thinking.  Good luck.

A world without wars would be good also.
You will never have that with States/capitalism/rulers/cops.
Agreed. Although "never" is a long time, so I would like to think that maybe one day the U.S. will be so radically different to how it is today, that perhaps we will have a world without wars.
We are lost.
This is what happens when a nation moves right for 40 years, allows the media to become a corporate tool, kills dissent, turns us into a surveillance nightmare, gives all foreign policy power to the president etc., i.e. we have been heading to this exact place for ever. SHIT!!
There is a country that runs very well without a president, it’s called Switzerland. 

- Top notch infrastructures 
- Health care for everyone 
- Unemployment 2.8%
- No corruption 
- Gun control 
- Educated Police
- Correct taxes

I could go on and on with this list.
"Imagine a world without presidents" ooohhh sense some anarchist sentiment  Hierarchy's are inherently unjust, let's work towards a world where at the very least they don't define us. Love you!!!
Imagine a world where out information was protected from disclosure, that would be the world I would want to live in.
Yes, by all means, keep those war crimes private.
I'm trying to imagine a world without pseudo-adults using childish emojis to 'communicate' their vacuity. It used to exist. I hope it returns.
That's right they shouldn't!  And those who framed your constitution provided for that.  T-Rump doesn't have that power as far as I understand it.  Someone somewhere in the U.S. forces has followed illegal orders, and Americans should be looking to see who it was.
reminds me how JFK had ordered military to get out of Vietnam n 1965 + dismantle CIA after stopping THEIR attack on us to blame Castro/Cuba...then CIA dismantled JFK & we still fight fake wars & CIA still controls us~
You bring up memories and crimes that put a sad ache in my heart.  
May we one day succeed in purging ALL such evil with its selfish desire for money, power and control.
I sometimes have to bury my head from social media b/c reality has become so horrific being an American who is old enough to remember my father who fought n WW2 & feeling we were good guys & memories of JFK when I was a kid & now to this..................
This must surely be the cause of contempt for whistleblowers -- the truths they expose conflict with the programming that we are the good guys.  Fortunately, many today are waking to reality.  Only then can we fix it.
it's shocking to me how many people push back against anyone exposing true corruption or a politician who IS fighting for them, CIA Disinformation Agenda complete n 2018~
you mean like tge dark ages when we had kings feom europe impearilizing the world
No she means the next step in civilization. Feudalism is a backward system and was naturally broken apart by capitalism. We no longer have Kings but we still have rulers who rule by owning capital. The next step is for working people to be their own rulers
communism has never worked before , and honestly dosnt sound to good of an idea on paper . like mabey i dont want to split the wealth i work hard evreyday so its my money and i dont want to give it to some bum who lays in his pjamas all day @ his mums place
But you don't have to work as hard every day, the money isn't being taken from you. The people with too much money are the ones who don't work every day, they just make money from the money they already have
why do you think so many chinese or russian people imagrate here ? they have seen the horrors of communism and want to work twoards prosperity in america , a countey that lets you succseed and prospure
Like I said, we're talking about different things. You're talking about Soviet influenced statist nations parroting Marxism. I'm talking about libertarian socialism at the very least
thoose people could have atleast gone to highschool and worked at taco bell or somthing but no they want hard working citizens to pay for them
The vast majority of people on food stamps are working, many of them at taco Bell, for a minimum wage that has stagnated while executive profits have skyrocketed.likely they're also trying to raise children, and dealing with health issues caused by their job. We're all struggling
Wouldn't you still be incarcerated if there weren't presidents? 
Ok only in your pink world with pink unicorns, but in the REAL world that is how it’s done.
imagine justifying authoritarianism
Imagine being a sheep and watching fake news and being so weak minded you can’t think for yourself, just awful.
No single person should should have that authority to undermine our national security, or provide information to the world that results in the deaths of multiple people.
No one died as a result of Snowden's or Chelsea's whistleblowing.  What do you reference?  Most whistleblowers who have tried to use official channels wind up as Chelsea did.  Crimes protected.  Patriots imprisoned
Imagine a world without TRAITORS & WIERDOS!!!!!!!!!iF  PRES TRUMAN WAS      stil io charge, you would have a date with a firing squad!!!!!!!!!   Hank Whitney  Omaha NE 68117
Put a picture on your profile bot! #coward
You’ve got problems beyond help.
sadly, as we all do
You don't even know who or what you are! Until you figure that out, go away!
She knows who she is better than you. She's been thru incredible pain and needed strength and courage to become who she is. You probably just stuck with the gender, not to mention the religion and politics, that your parents gave you.
sentence by taking a few pills, acting crazy, and playing dress up. Even I'd do that shit.
Gender is so much more complicated than genitals and if you're going to insist on being thick about it I don't see the point in engaging. Maybe just stop posting? Please
Go back under a rock you twit
A world without presidents? Well then I guess you would still be in Leavenworth wouldn’t you?

Shut up dude or girl whatever you identify as
Doesn't want to be male and is not a female  just because it wears  and   so it's considered an "it" in my book. lol
You can call her an “it,” but you’re just a fucking asshole then.
I can't deal with the "satire" in this thread.
Is your message here gaining you traction in your bid for Senate?  Just curious.  Or are you no longer seeking public office?
for me that's the same one as the one without senators
Well... indeed, I imagine the #power in people’s hands... not #Corporations ... politiciansare a démodé figure ... 
#seattle
Are you sure, I am starting to think that maybe #WeDontGotThis
You’d  still be in prison. 
#YouGotThat?
I assume she is speaking of direct democracy, which means i doubt she would be imprisoned for leaking information that exposes war criminals.

I find it funny how right wingers support assange so much but then a trans person does something like him and its terrible
No shit. I highly doubt this was some random act by a lone person. From what I can read this appears to be much more coordinated than it may seem and we must remember that they have knowledge that we do not.

 I know there's a message in there somewhere...I'll eventually find it among the emojis
If I imagine a world without I see 2 things increase a lot...
I'm not very good at puzzles and you don't have enough hashtags in your bio for me to hazard a guess 
Ill let you know then.... its love and biodiversity
I'm glad I didn't go with my first guess then...Party supply stores and zoos would've made me look pretty stupid!
Party supply stores, lol!  I love a good party though, especialy when the diversity amongst the partypeople is high 
@salomon_hadren I can imagine a world without a president… by immediate and global canadianization! #JustinTrudeau for World Prime Minister!
The left wants a Roman peace without the empire and the right wants an Roman Empire without the peace. 
I must be a centrist, then… I spend most of my time thinking about getting a piece.
Weirdly all I could think of does he not remember George Bush's Mission accomplished? No smart person would reuse those words so soon?  But this is ..@realDonaldTrump
Most of the american presidents should be in prison for human rights violations and as war criminals.  If even one was prosecuted for anerican terrorism on the rest of the world they would think twice about it! Its criminal they're getting away with it.
This bitch... 
Or Prime Ministers that use the royal prerogative. Theresa may decided to take military action, without the approval of parliament, using a power that allows her to do so on behalf of the Queen. It's positively medieval.
Dude, crawl back on your unicorn and fly away. Or maybe call @MichelleObama or @KaitlynJenner They can talk to you; you guys can opine about #GreatAwakening and how POTUS45 is #winning #MAGA #KAG
On a world without presidents, you would still be in prison  #WeGotThis


JFK was going to expose military taking over our government, of course he was shot dead before accomplished, he had told them to b out of Vietnam n 1965~
So much stupid
Dear lord, you're one ugly IT!
@LowesRacing is this transphobic trash heap yours?
Dude, are you that stupid?
To answer your question @WTFNR_KOZ  yes he is.
Obama bombed people for 8 years without permission
What you are describing are Kings.  The WHOLE IDEA behind Presidents, was that they WERE NOT SUPPOSED TO BE ABLE TO DO THIS!!  #BlameCongress
There are more alternatives to something than kings presidents emperors or dictators. We now have the technology to do nationwide (or world wide) direct democracy
Imagine a world with human beings that isn’t confused about what gender they are.
Imagine a world without hate and trolls!
I don’t hate anyone sir. #werealltrolls
Me stating something obvious has nothing to do with fear.
I love you Chelsea you make being brave look fun! Can we hang out? Come to San Diego! 
A world without YOU sounds even better    #traitor
Imagine a world without white nationalists. Imagine a world where aspirational neo liberal fascists don't try to normalize the behavior of war criminals they befriended while incarcerated. We WILL do better. Just without people like you in government.
Wait did the guy who commuted a traitor ho broke the trust of his fellow service members draw a red line or bombed another country.

I believe no single person should have the power to commute a sentence of someone charged with treason.
Your world "without presidents" will be rule by communists?
love you, chelsea! 
I agree
Presidents, I can live with. Imagine a world without people who were convicted of violations of the espionage act.
You would instead like to see children gasp for air as they die.
Tell that to @theresa_may

Sure, complete anarchy.
"Imagine a world without presidents."  

1) You wouldn't be out of jail right now. 

2) You're nuts.
Isn’t the only reason you ain’t rotting in a jail because of a president? 
ur a dude
Simple minded garbage. Graduate from the 3rd grade please.
Says the utterly confused traitor...
That is almost as hard to imagine as politicians that always tell the truth .. or politically competent and educated voters. Then again, someone said, democracy is the worst possible form of government .. except for all the others. 
Maybe its time to invent a new form?
Don't use such patronizing language to describe disenfranchisement and propaganda. Yes the average voter is easily lied to and misdirected and their votes end up being against their interest. That's not their fault and it's not an accident it's the actions of the rich
I disagree. Sure it is their fault. Just cause the media and politics is biased and tries to keep the voter dumb does not mean its not the voters job to still get informed. It might be harder, but it is not impossible. Get news from left to right outlets, make the connections.
Imagine a world without traitors...
Imagine a world where people who reported on drone strikes killing civilians 90% of the time weren't called traitors...
Sure. Then they get a pardon and hang out with Russian propagandists while they run for senate.
Like who?
The whole alt-right.
I recognize none of those people hanging out with Chelsea.
(This is the part where you’re supposta use the google)
Ok Joe, let's think about this now. Would people who are alt-right really wanna hang out with a person who said it's okay to punch Nazis?
I could be wrong, wait no I’m not, a President saved your ass!
world without presidents=ISIS,alqaeda,taliban...
I love to imagine a world without politicans leading us but everyone gets to vote on ALL policies and the politicans do their job of serving the people
really? do they keep anyone safe? why are we starving, homeless, murdering, dying without healtchare? State and capitalist violence is brutal and a sham of "defense"
Notice not one of these boots respond to you? 
I’m fairly new to facebook and don’t understand what you mean when you say boots? I wasn’t actually expecting a reply as I usually don’t get replies to anything  I’ve tried googling and actually interested in finding out what boots and  refer to as now I am totally confused
girl. you're crazy! no we don't! we're in racial, economical, political, and social tensions all wrapped up in a global warming bow. I'm sorry but we clearly "don't got this"
All I can see out my windows is white today. April blizzard... global warming? No!!!
BTW It's called "climate change" by intelligent educated adults! Get ready for more erratic weather!
Let me know if they ever find a liberal you could call intelligent troll.....
Really hope you win your election Miss Manning Solidarity!
La La Land.... 
& no  chicken blood thirsty warhawks should be elected
God bless you, Chelsea. You are an inspiration to me. Thank you.
Or ratify laws, in ancient Republic of Rome ratification of laws required a majority vote from the council of plebians; that a direct Democratic vote.  21st America, with a population of 350 million, requires the signature of a single game show host
Mr.Obama got you out of prison.
We need to continue with presidents and our legacy. Without our government some other government will take over... Trust me u dont want that. Anyways i respect your opinions and i love you no matter what
 Soon itll b my turn. I will fix it
YEAH THAT WOULD BE CUBA..BENEDICT ARNOLDS CAN GO THERE IF YOU WANT..You WON'T UPSET THE AMERICAN APPLE CART!!
no you don't "got this"
We must pressure Congress to vote on two wars:
1. Invading Syria.
2. War with Russia.
If they vote for it, at least there's no question who to vote out of office in 2018, right?
Huh? Imagine a world without chemical weapons. That would be a better one.
This.
just imagining,, sadly 
I agree.
".. It's easy if you try" 
Imagine a world with Chelsea as Prez.#righteous
Perhaps the biggest scam perpetuated on humanity is the idea that we need leaders at all
I’d rather imagine a world without you Bradley.
Why the hell are you not yet in prison?!

You would still be in prison
In time
Imagine a world without you you sick man. I would love to live there
No single person should have the authority to commute the sentence of a convicted traitor. Imagine your world without President Obama.
*que the Sex Pistols- Anarchy in the UK
We’d have dictators and chaos. I too don’t support the strikes but I still support Trump. If he gets out of Syria that would be great.
Ummm... are you now a proponent of no government? Or just authoritarian regimes? Like the ones you helped when you became a traitor?
Imagine a world without traitors
Imagine being so ignorant
In a world without presidents, you'd still be in prison.
@DJDynamicNC What R UR supporting arguments, precedents, examples...
(i.e. civvy pulling rank...)
i have! 
Welcome to reality 
Haha sick own. Everything is bad and there's nothing anyone can do right?
Its the end... #repent
Imagine a world full of a unicorns, wearing fluffy slippers and we have houses made out of marshmallows and no one swears 
sounds fantastic
A world without presidents?  Cut it out, Brad.
cut out presidents, trash
Leave me out of this - I'm trying to decide which bathroom I use today!!!  #GenderFluid #GenderAgenda #GenderNeutralLaw #metoo
Wow, yeah...that’ll really bring her down. Keep at it, she might just never see your tweet!
It will see it
Imagine people who have permanently lost all standing to comment actually remaining silent. The use of chemical weapons represents a war crime. Retaliation is expected under both U.N. treaty and international law.
Torture is also a war crime, so how long until the U.S. bombs Guantanamo Bay?
Those convicted of espionage have permanently lost all standing. Manning was not pardoned. Period.
I can remember a time when the US Constitution mattered.  When it did, no president had the authority to declare war.  That authority was given to Congress. We have a good system. We need better people running it.
The president cannot declare war only the senate can
HYPOCRITE
You got it!!
Imagine a world without you! Now that’s progress.
Shut up Meg
Imagine a world without Traitors
If Congress would quit abdicating, it is their plurality that constitutionally is the branch that can declare war.
A world without presidents would be emperors and kings ,but even then a better situation would be a world without traitors which you know fully well
#BlackDicksMatter also
Go away......far far away.
Hush up Bradly.
lock "her" up.
Absolutely, an idea left over from kings and queens that belongs in the trash of history
A head of government and state is useful. The problem is over the centuries they tend to consolidate power more and more. Imperium Romanum syndrome.
Like the idea but how do you deal with people who  commit genocide or simply want your skin
Imagine a world where women and children weren’t raped and communities gassed in the name of freedom.  Imagine a world where  heads of countries were humanists.
I guess you fall in the "Mental Disorder" group?
They should have tried an operation on the piece of brain you supposedly have somewhere in your head
You were convicted of espionage and think that we should listen to you!   War has not been declared.   Maybe you just want more innocent children and other citizens to continue to be bombed with chemicals.
You in a contest with Cher for who can use the most emojis?
Muuuute

I can't believe you weren't muted, people stopped RTing you for a minute
For real, there must be 10,000 trans people who have been saying this for years, and who actually meant it and never joined the military.
Can we just create a president on the blockchain? I mean come on.. AI can lead us right? #wegot this ...nvmd... #terminator #judgementday #skynet #cryptocurrency #blockchain #war
Hope you win in Maryland.

Shut up, Bradley...

Imagine a world without fools & traitors like Bradley Edward Manning
Did you shake hands with Assad already?
I want a pony
Buddy, get checked.
A world without traitors would be nice
No single person should be allowed to get away with treason.

I though you died ... whoa weird
And no person should be a big rat
Never thought I’d be taking your side on an issue.
AMICUS CURIAE BRIEF ON BEHALF OF THE CONSTITUTIONAL LAWYERS' COMMITTEE ON UNDECLARED WAR #ArticleISection8Clause11
http://anthonydamato.law.northwestern.edu/Adobefiles/A71a.pdf …
At Least 1 anyway.  Started Jan 21,2017.
Yea screw those innocent kids that were gased ! Wait aren't you a CULT LEADER now cause you exposed crimes against civilians?  Your 15 min of Fame is at 14 #Hypocrite101
Well Bradley, I imagine a world where you're still in prison for your crimes, but a President let you out.
I am trying to imagine a world without traitor hackers that are confused about their sexuality
"Imagine a world without presidents." Wow you are incredibly stupid. Why dont you go back in time to the soviet union or its satellite states? Im sure you'd love that world without presidents
Or prime ministers.
Do you think we could, after sacking generals, maintain skills & capacities of military for peacemaking & building schools, libraries, hospitals both home/away, reversing trend of destruction & starting process of recognition it’s high time for reparations for neoliberal greed?xo
You murdered soldiers you were serving with, Brad
We vote these people in to make decisions it's called a democratic vote. It's a massive responsibility for them. get over yourself you wannabe your not important.
your right but...thats a civilization that far off, you got to have thugs to stop the bullies
You should be deported.  Never to return.
Its not a war; you should know the difference
Sounding a bit like an anarchist

Imagine a world where u are born with a penis and just fine with being a “man” it’s hard for a rational person to take your thoughts seriously
Imagine a world without Presidents, Putin, Trump and Xi.
Without presidents? So like.. without the executive branch or maybe expanding it to be more of a panel of presidency?

You should probably work on your commentary if you want to run for office..
Chelsea is a girls name.
No.  Then we would have a 1 world leader..as in a New World Order leader, as in the anti-Christ. And a 1 world economy and currency...as I. The mark of the beast.
but a single person gets to leak classified documents, without presidents you’d still@be in jail
someone will always take leadership... quit the utopia mindset.. it helps no one and nothing.
Free Audiobook: “The Market for Liberty”
#MissionNotAccomplished
WE HAVE TO  make such a world
Keep spreading the love! We need it more than ever! :)
What’s sad to me is innocent people being killed, disfigured and severely hurt by people of their own government in chemical attacks. Please open your eyes, you should love your country. Many wish they were as lucky as you, yet you’ll find ANY way to hate
Yeah, you'd be hanged.

 I did and it looks like shit for humankind and awesome for jack
