if they cared so much, why don’t they try doing it themselves? no - instead they ask for us to join their cause and do it for them - and when it goes wrong we all suffer and they just shrug and say “oh thats just war”
They'll be left in their bunkers with a dead planet above
Said exactly the same thing a few months ago,darkness for at the 6 months to a year,earth toxic,possible movement of the axis causing huge tidal waves,everything dead except for ants,in other words a complete disaster area.
You fucking suck. I hope you sleep well at night knowing that your actions could have inspired people to carry attacks against or guys afterward. You will be forgotten about and you do not matter. History will judge you to the most harsh degree and I hope you are ready for that.
You're right. It's hard to defend someone when your running for your own life. That's why it's good that those who live in safety and security sacrifice of themselves and want to bring the to others.
CHELSEA I WANT TO BE YOUR CAMPAIGN MANAGER
eXchelSea choo kirei nin da ze
That's what I liked about ancient warfare. Roman general Crassus tried to take over Parthia (Syria/Iran nowadays) and his head ended up on a spike.
Unlike you I’m happy to pick up a weapon and fight for the safety my children enjoy... Traitor
because more fighting is the only way to ensure peace.
Thank you for that bit of useless information.  TRAITORS should be very, very quiet
Especially, when the TRAITOR is breaking the UCMJ & just may end up in GITMO.
Then again ......

wouldn't the safest person in the world be you ??
dear Chelsea ~ 1.7 retwittings and all your likes + YES those people think they are safe ~ but whats brings them to this point?  "The time is  out of joint" + what this planet needs it PEACE no more violence <3
Trump Appoints WAR CRIMINAL to Head CIA?
http://www.ciwars.com/2018/04/did-trump-appoint-war-criminal-to-head.html …
Torture is immoral.
Trump LIES on Syria Debunking Trump Point by Point
http://www.ciwars.com/2018/04/debunking-trumps-lies-on-syria-point-by.html …
Are you going to change the system from within?
LVE > Fear ~ Chelsea Join Us 
#UnitedWeStand 
Texas A&M 4.29.18 
http://www.unitedwestandfest.com 
A Solution-Based Movement Uniting Students with Conscious Musicians, Artists, and Thought Leaders to Awaken Political and Cultural Change
Chelsea, I’m still slightly confused about what you stand for?
Seriously... traitor!
Isn't it ironic? ♪ NAMASTE ♪
This reminds of me of Mitt Romney protesting FOR the Vietnam War back in his college days, while at the same time he had a student deferment from the draft. Do as I say, not as I do. The people who rob us tell us to "get a (unlivable wage) job" while they are stealing billions.
I disagree with you on literally everything but this.
Not entirely true. I know infantrymen excited for war.
The same way that the politicians who tell us that having a gun doesn't make you safer are constantly surrounded by personal security who all have guns. To make them safer.
Coward
I think that’s why they feel they can destroy the world. They will be ‘safe’.
You’re not particularly smart are you?
Really? Dude get over yourself. You should also have been safe in your sealed room, in prison.
Please.
Just like those with healthcare. The ones who oppose medicare for all single payer are the ones who are bought and owned by the companies, and who have the money to be treated with the best care. This is a result of the class warfare.
Oh you mean like in Iraq with all those WMD'S.. @realDonaldTrump & his henchman are greedy nut jobs, avoiding scandal & subverting justice, not people who are genuinely concerned about or  working for stability & a more peaceful world

I ain’t no fortunate son
Tell us about your senate campaign PLEEEEEASE
What would your next move be?
Been noticing it since Vietnam- Anybody who is on war, should be first to the front lines- no matter what your age is.  If all other countries mandated this, we could finally be rid of the idiots, and the rest of us will easily find our way to peace.
Insert Black Sabbath "War Pigs" lyrics here.
Problem: they're all dudes. Unless they can find a way to breed, humanity ends if all hell breaks loose.
Send the warmongers and their sons and daughters into the war first. Front line cannon fodder. Like they do to the working classes. Bastards one and all.
They cant hide there destruction is also killing them!
Have you noticed the politians for war never offer up their own children or grandchildren.
A tale as old as time, a song as old as rhyme:

Old white men burning the down the world.
So... since I don’t have a sealed situation room in an underground bunker...
Says the traitor to his country and the people he swore to protect.
Thank you for making this point. Shared!
No - Sure plenty of the people in Syria who would benefit from military assistance would be ‘beating’ that drum. You just don’t ask them.
No one cares for anything but themselves anymore. Lack of empathy and understanding in the general populace is why wars will never cease
Some of us do care. Don't lose hope. See that little girl in my profile pic, I can never give up for her sake.
War is a racket and those who choose to “serve” are brainless racketeers IMHO!
It’s easy to be brave with another person’s body
And then there is Mattis.
For once, I agree with you.
It’s always nice to see you on here. It’s like you disappear for days at a time and then you come back and it’s so pleasurable when you do.

I’ve seen marines say similar things.
How about the families of the victims of the gas attack in syria? Are those the safe strong and brave people you're talking about?
Says a disgraced former PFC who manned a desk.
Don’t you mean “he’s”? Don’t forget who this POS TRAITOR IS!

I’ve noticed that people who call you a traitor tend to be cowards who believe more lies and fear the truth more than others. The real traitors want lies over the truth. I always have appreciated the fact that your bravery for telling the truth, Chelsea.
fuck off
Anti- war movements are great. Lead one Chelsea, but saying "Dick is the new pussy" is divisive and combative, so it's a drag on it's momentum.
Safer on a physical level perhaps, but not safe in their souls!
Facts
I don't know about you, but I hardly ever read my responses now.

https://www.monmouth.edu/polling-institute/reports/monmouthpoll_us_040218/ … Get off her back, will ya?
Why? Are you in love? Isn't she man enough to handle herself or does she need you to defend her? Snowflake? @foxandfriends @MarkDice
Did you ever criticize Obama? Do you think it’s going to change? No it won’t because there is to much money to be made in war.
Imagine caring about Bradley's takes on the military.
She was too busy being jailed by Obama
You can't really criticize someone when you're busy trying to not kill yourself and then get released like right before the dude who threw you in jail leaves office.
Right. The argument is the fact you're sitting in a chair hiding behind your keyboard and computer screen talking bravery to someone who risked her life.
Where the fuck is this coming from. The people you stood next to while serving don’t want to hear this, I’m sorry.
Obama bombed 7 countries. How many has Trump?
Should have just downloaded and shared it with  the Syrians and Russia

Traitor! You'll always be the scum bag you are
Treason to the US is the greatest thing ever actually
alhamdulillah
War?
Oh YES, if the politicans fight the first round. 
Bolton? .. Trump? ... Hillary? ...... anyone?
Ain't that the damn truth
It is called “splitting off”....
( more about that later.)
Let’s keep bringing consciousness to all of this!
Thanks Chelsea.

Trump wants to show how big he by going to war yet he dodged the Vietnam war by abusing medical deferments on three separate occasions. Like a lot if loudmouths Drumph is a coward.
Like this arsewipe..?
They're usually the ones with the most to gain and least to lose!
Or they're too old to get drafted not that they would ever have to fight most of the old men making decisions dodged the Vietnam war with deferments
it should be sealed... permanently

Nice LOGH

Hmm?
Spoken like a know traitor
Says the person sat in a nice comfortable home tweeting.
She rotted in jail for years for doing the right thing.
Agreed. I'm just pointing out hypocrisy. She is also amongst the "safest people in the world" i.e. she's American.
Smh...
she's also speaking out against going to war, what's your point?
I love you @xychelsea but innocent civilians are being bombed and gassed by Assad and Putin. We have an obligation to protect children and babies when they are being bombed to pieces.
Well I'm convinced. Remember when we saved all the children in Laos & Cambodia being bombed to pieces by... who was that again? Oh yeah, the US Air Force.
Good point. We should just let Assad and Putin bomb innocent civilians... Or an international coalition could enforce a real ceasefire with real consequences for ANYONE who violates it. That would allow humanitarian aid in and a chance for a political negotiations.
If by int'l coalition you me US & a couple island nation lackeys, just no. If you mean a REAL peacekeeping force I'd be all for it. Y'know, like the one we sent in to stop all the children & babies being bombed & shot in Gaza & the West Bank - oh wait.
I’m all for liberating Gaza and West Bank. Let’s get on with it.
Try putting *that* to a UNSC vote
Still doesn’t mean it shouldn’t be done.
It’s even worse when the brave are put in jeopardy by a traitor who wore our uniform. Then gets on his high horse and thinks he did something noble.
They’re called Chicken Hawks.
From M.A.S.H. tv show:
War is not hell. War is war and hell is hell. Hell is filled with guilty people who deserve to be there. But in war innocent people are killed and hurt.
Actually  I'm beating the war drum real loud......and I'm not lucky enough to be in a Intel room looking on from some computer screen.  But that's neither here nor there
Yeha they will run to their bunkersand watch people get grilled by some grand mother of all bombs and uncle of all missiles.
That will not save them. But you are correct they think it will.
whatever dude
“Chelsea, im way too rich to go to war. I mean why not send the poor, you know. They don’t serve much purpose anyway so fuck em” - some asshole, probably
Idiot
Reminds me of those dogs that have a big bark when there's a fence, but when you are face to face they run away.
They probably also have a lot invested in the project and are ready to stop fighting and get ‘er done so some dividends can be returned to stockholders.....
Very well said!

And it's always the geriatric arm chair warriors which are the loudest.
You're still a dude
never
Humanity must overcome this paradigm.
And generally the wealth to keep their kids from needing to sign up.
Government positions shouldn't stop you from going to war. Voted for war? Suit up and be prepared to head out. Remove age restrictions on enlistment, and force Congress/President to go. If you're willing to send our children to war, you better be leading the charge.
« In time of war, poor people will take the place of rich people. At the front.
In time of peace, rich people will take the sweat of people, from their front. » - Desproges, translated from French (‘taking sweat from the front’ = taking the money from their labor)
Yeah..
 I see that a lot. The idle rich are always telling working people to work hard.
I am always reminded of the Family Guy cutaway where W Bush finally goes to Vietnam.
wtf are you talking about chelsea
like most of those calling for this war and more innocents will die
And have never served because they were cowards...
Rich people declare war and poor people die from it
The Rich call it thinning the herd. It’s time to rise up.
Hashtag-chickenhawk
my Grandfather noticed this while he was in the trenches during WWl. He knew that young German soldier across no man's land was not the enemy. It was the idiot politicians sitting in their warm rooms making "plans".
Love this...this is so true. Every leader who proposes a war should be compelled to send their own kids to war with the first batch of soldiers - just to prove that the war in question is really necessary.
Troops are used as fodder for the will of evil men.
You are probably among the last ones who should speak on matters involving our military.
Why, ‘cause she exposed war crimes?
Because: 1) She was convicted of treason, 2) could not have had personal knowledge of the 482K+ records' contents, and 3),4)...N). She was convicted of treason.
Chelsea gets it. 
No he doesn’t
No, She’s Got This. 

#WeGotThis
He!!!!
*Hero
Your “hero” attacked a real woman
alhamdulilllah
A dude
You threw @CassandraRules under the bus for what? We could have created a bipartisan antiwar coalition but you had to protect your own ego.

You're safe too.
Everyone who doesn't want the war can work on stopping the war mongers without expecting them to be nice to people who think as long as they are polite and invite them to parties it's o.k. to want policies that take away their rights.
Who wants policy to take away people's rights? Cassandra? Which rights?
some of the people Cassandra promotes on the regular.. also going on and crying on camera calling someone a sociopath who helped expose war crimes because things didn't go how you wanted... pass.. ppl can all call the number to oppose Pompeo without hanging out.
"Hanging out"?

I would say sharing information and strategizing.
IMO, That's probably best done publicly or it turns into something where the press can easily drag both opposition movements down with gossip since they have an imbalanced of power currently. One public thing both sides could do right now is stop Pompeo
Senate Dems: Block Mike Pompeo's Sec. of State nomination. Do not build Trump's War Cabinet. CALL NOW: 855-971-2300 http://thndr.me/0mRwDY  
My position isnt to be BFFs with people you have fundamental issues with, its to put those issues aside momentarily to we can literally save lives.

Nobody will die if the American people start talking again. However many can if we dont. What @xychelsea did was counterproductive
It is always the poor young men who die in the rich old men's wars.

Politicians would be a lot less warmongering if they were expected to be in front of the charge.
Why don't presidents fight the war?
Why do they always send the poor?
It's like they are literally asking for a class war
It’s truly awful.  I feel for the innocent people caught up in it.
the emojis are back!
Can’t be denied
i missed your tweets, sis <3
Absolutely. Why do we continually fall for this con?
it's how imperialism works. the most depressing aspect in this reiteration is that the citizens of the empire dubly refuse to acknowledge that they live in one
but my bone spurs
You're still a traitor.
Matt over here LOVES war crimes and surveillance by the government
Wow u really destroyed matt with that tweet
Crying over here, I'm so emotionally upset I may have to leak confidential information about American troop movements.
at least that would make you cry unlike the idea of imperialist wanton violence in the Middle East would
Blah blah blah imperialist blah blah NAZI blah blah same shit different day
do you have brain parasites or something lmao
either that or he's having a stroke. Matt's an obedient sheep, he just doesn't like to question authority.
We need you in office Chelsea! How can I help?
HAHAHAHA that made me laugh. A traitor and someone who is confused like he is? I don't think so.
Yes and most often they are old men, who get fatter and richer from death and misery. 
You nailed it!!!
Truth
So true. Fuck warmongers.
Yeah, bomb them!
She right
He
THANK YOU
