Well, Bradley, you should know, if you commit crimes, expect to be prosecuted.
Who are you talking to?
Um, was I unclear?  Bradley.
Who?
Could you quantify exactly whose lives were endangered and how by Ms. Manning's heroism?
You mean Mr Bradley Manning
I mean Ms. Chelsea Manning. #transphobe #deadname #isthatallyougot #howaboutasubstantiveargument
His DNA says otherwise.  #HesADude.
there are more than two genetic expressions for sex...have you seen Chelea's genome sequence or something? Also sex and gender are not the same. #WhyDoIBother #GoodFaithArgumentsAreWasted #sealioning
Where you should still be serving life.  Go away Mr Manning
does it make you feel powerful to talk shit to an American heroine?
"Dissent is the highest form of patriotism"~ Thomas Jefferson (referring to a country with true freedoms of course)
U can not and I mean not say it's ok to forgive ppl for breaking the law on one thing if not all things like example u can kill a guy if I think it's ok or go ahead Rob the rich guy he can afford it. This is why u won't make office u are ignorant af and not mature or sane enough
Net she/he fake hangs her/him self to stay in the light Mark this day it is 4-12-18 and 65 degrees out side that will happen in her/his sorry ass life time
@xychelsea You are my #hero I want yo help support your congressional run, but I'm not sure how.

Can you direct me to your website?
U can start by helping ur own country turd
Thank you Chelsea! #solidarity #J20
99% of the protestors will not see punishment and receive at best, community service or probation.
I would hope so.  #WeAreThe99Percent
They broke the laws and your stance is it is ok as long it something you approve of?  Why is it ok for only resisters of the left are not guilty of crimes but the right is guilty of everything and every “ism”?
What laws did they break? That’s an interesting thing to note, because the prosecutors have no evidence any of the defendants commited those crimes. Instead they were all just victims of a mass arrest because somewhere in the city some windows got smashed and a limo burned.
You don’t need to take it from me, take it from the prosecuter’s own mouth. They don’t even claim to think that the defendants did the crime, rather that they were guilty for simply being in the same city as the crimes being commited.

That’s a human rights violation.
Seriously? Do you think that those from every angle cameras  can’t identify them?  Have you seen the videos? Go to live leak! For starters... you have to have a permit to gather and protest. If not.. it’s considered a riot.  Who cares if kids destroyed property? Adults do!
Just because your crimes went largely unpunished, that doesnt mean others should as well.
61 years!! For a protest!!!?
The charges are felony rioting and domestic terrorism. It’s very similar to the haymarket affair, because the people being prosecuted are not even claimed to have connections with whatever snowflake windows were smashed. Theyre guilty for being in the same city of a measly crime.
Brilliant!!!, I'm assuming the Stalinist "not turning your freinds in" is next?
All I see is WHITE PRIVILEGE
 u guys!!  Hi @Sueudry !!
Kick ass Chelsea! ¡Unidos venceremos!
King George would be happy to see what weve become...
Hell yeah
Way to go!!!
LOVE THIS

(and your shoes)

You are beautiful!
you can directly donate here:

thanks! <3

Star you are. Unbelievable. What did all these people do to deserve felony charges under Trump's inauguration`? God will not dare to travel to the US now. No Doubt taken in for question, since critical of DT. . Will wait for a democratic elected government.
That's the picture of the true Resistance!!!!
You're still a dude
Now that's not very nice :(
