I don't see how a UBI wouldn't end up as a giant hand-out to landlords while we still have this predatory system. Decommodify housing, health, education, and food.
Same argument apples to minimum wages. Same rebuttals apply too.
minimum wages force companies to pay more. UBI redistributes tax revenue, which primarily derives from wages (business income is only ~10% of federal revenue)
... yes...? Now explain how that leads to a giant hand-out to landlords...?

UBI would necessitate tax increases, no reason they couldn't come from 1% and rental property income (at least primarily).

That article not only conjures up a straw man version of UBI it then cites Cato institute studies... I mean... it’s one step away from being a Brietbart article
it brings up how people at the cato institute support UBI... because it will empower capital (by further entrenching commodification and consumer culture)
The Cato institute will support anything that is politically expedient. Their chosen supports has *previously* been used to discredit things.

My point is that the Cato institute doesn’t belong in any serious analysis supporting *either* side.
If and only if Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security, and all other safety net programs are left in place. Don't liquidate the social safety net.
It makes very good sense actually to not do all or nothing, which is a false dichotomy, but to replace with UBI what makes sense to replace, both fully and partially, and to also fight for Medicare for All to replace Medicaid.
Genuinely curious, not trying to debate (I certainly don't know enough about ubi for that): what do you consider programs that would be good candidates for replacement?
That's what the link I provided answers.
Aaaand now I'm THAT guy. Sorry!
Haha. No worries.
Exactly, Capitalism creates Classes and Classes creates Hatred. Money pits on against another in ways that degrades both - aka King of the Hill, my stuff is better than yours, it just goes on and on. We as a Species can not continue like this.
Communism does the same but with no way out and dictatorship on top. 
What's your solution?
;-) indeed! Trump THINKS he's our or wants to be our Dictator... Just look how he said the DOJ works for him...
Trump is foot in mouth. Granted. But the man brought NK to the table, lowest black unemployement, pulled out of TPP... Not bad. I don't like his Syria fixation, but we both know madam H would have started that war on day 1.
Was all SK. TPP was dead even before he took office. Yes, Syria... lots of fabrications being made and false accusations
It's true about Syria. TPP however was not dead. O made sure of that and H would have kept it up. I don't mind American first... bout time we took care of our house.
should check this on Unemployment:
Unemployemnt usually goes down in winter so that's not really telling. We'll see when the yearly figures go out at the end of the year, I think for them it's Oct or Nov. I gave 3 bonuses to my employees bec of tax cuts... to me economy is on upswing. If he could just keep off war
To expand on the Issue
A blast from the past via @ptcherneva 
16 Reasons Matt Yglesias is Wrong about the Job Guarantee
http://neweconomicperspectives.org/2014/01/16-reasons-matt-yglesias-wrong-job-guarantee-vs-basic-income.html … https://twitter.com/zachdcarter/status/989848736837881856 …
Job guarantee is top down centralized decision making. #UBI Is local, decentralized, from the bottom up organization. People can pool their #UBI to solve local problems in their community. Devastated communities and polluted environment will be solved locally and collectively.
We already have enough work to be done, but can’t do it because of poverty and debt. #UBI eliminates poverty directly, allowing artists and engineers to do the climate work, social work, elder care, independent journalism, etc. necessary in their immediate community.
sorry.  you're sadly misinformed.  please read this:
That argument relies on the assumption that the current welfare system works as intended. It doesn't:
Very good writing as well:
They already receive huge employer subsidies. More corporate welfare isn’t the answer to bad jobs or joblessness. https://twitter.com/deanbaker13/status/985818013457899520 …
ahhhh, Chelsea, PLEASE look well into this. What we need is a #FederalJobGuarantee and Mega expansion of #SocialSecurity . #Ubi is a Neoliberal program, as it will sill keep most of the population dependent, 
Yes! Chelsea, have you heard our 2-part series on #UBI? We think you'd really like it.

How would that work and why implement such an expensive policy?????
@xychelsea 4 you 
Hey, look! Our report on the #JobGuarantee just came out. 
cc: @TheSandersInst https://twitter.com/ptcherneva/status/986216409691770880 …
@xychelsea! Please read what Stevie Eevie has to say about the UBI https://www.facebook.com/RealProgressive/posts/2018167865179300 …   
Can I please have your universal basic income
Ubi is trash.
Chelsea a federal job guarantee is the way to go. UBI is a neoliberal scam. Haven't you read Chris Hedges essay about it? Please do and check out

Great idea also limit on maximum income
You telling a person how much they can earn. How stupid are you. Oh yeah you support Bradley
I don't think that is stupid.
But I do think if u live in a society where one man has over 110 billion and u got million living in poverty and u got ppl w 2 jobs still not making ends meet <- that is stupid
Work harder. Get an education. Don't rely on others to give you money.
UBI > job guarantee. there is a tonne of work that ALREADY goes unpaid today because it is “not considered a job” Raising children as one example. Childcare for a rich family turns unpaid work into a job suddenly, when in reality it is the same amount of work.
Hell yeah! #UBI
Finally some sanity
This is hilarious, thanks for making this.
Very bad idea
You slayed on @intercepted — keep it up and thank you! 
job guarantee > universal basic income
How about working and studying hard to earn your life’s allotment. Self Reliance!! If not, the world needs ditch diggers too...
That would end badly it would just trap more people in poverty than our current welfare system does. What would be the incentive to work?

There are better ways.
With full support to your campaign, I beg to differ. UBI sounds good until you consider the fallout. A New Deal 2.0 WPA-style Jobs guarantee is a better plan. Invests in our people and our infrastructure into the future-
I love you, Chelsea, but please take a basic econ class before you embarrass yourself.
UBI Is A Milton Freidman Trojan Horse On Destroying Social Safety Net
@StevenHailAus  @StephanieKelton  @RealProgressUS @RoccomillionMMT
Would that be State and Federal employees also. 
Shouldn't they make a maximum of $15 an hour to equalize pay for all?
The problems you wish to solve by UBI and single-payer healthcare are solvable -- large steps toward their solution have worked, then were suppressed.

But wouldn't any legislated UBI or UH ready more reins of power for the supposed "new and better leaders", and not each other?
Norway ended it, it’s stupid
Sorry Finland
any thoughts on Finland's rethink on this?
Only criminals and losers would support your talking points.
LMAO
basic income will let the people have the money they need  to control the economy to serve them
I would expand the qualifier about healthcare - unless other social programs that reduce inequality are in place, the benefits of UBI will continue to accrue to historically privileged groups. I'm thinking here about child care, the costs of which disproportionately fall to women
(not to criticize UBI, especially as a negative income tax model, and *especially* if you are contemplating one that rolls all benefits into a single program.)
I would also nuance the phrase "we shouldn't be required or expected to work in a society without jobs". I'd say something like "we should be free to define meaningful work for ourselves". People still need to "work" (used in the broadest sense) to live an actualized life.
Great ! Now slackers make as much as my hard working ass #TurdsGotThis
That's exactly the opposite of the point. There's no shortage of stuff that needs to be done, and people *need* to do stuff to live an actualized life. People *don't* need a job to work hard. Haven't you ever had a hobby, or a house, or a family you put alot into?
So I'll make as much money as NFL players by playing my hobby? Sounds fun but COME ON MAN
probably not, most UBI models use something around 60-100% median income. There will still be jobs, if you want to make more you can surely have someone pay you to do things like play in the NFL. Choose your best life for yourself, that's the dream of capitalism right?
So we just sit at home playing and get paid? Imagine are doctors doing that or farmers or electricians or store clerks or a balance drivers or movie stars or Teachers or pharmacist or cancer researchers etc etc. Money motivates and why stress yourself working CAUSE YOUR LOSING

Are you happy about your trip to Berlin ??
I would not be ashamed to vote for you.
Thank you for posting the issues page! I was very curious as to your stances. 

I am a bit sad there's nothing there on energy and climate change. Is that coming?
When society adopts standards to childbirthing and such that is sensible and doesn't cause overpopulation then I'll talk about some kind of universal anything. This is cart before the horse @xychelsea
Poverty is heavily correlated with higher birth rates.  Reducing poverty will combat overpopulation.
I call b.s. on that. The American Indians were and are some of the poorest people on the face of this planet and they have no overpopulation problems at all. Indeed it's the opposite.
That's statistical facts. But whatever you say, even denying science on that if it means you can be against social reforms.
Evidently my response upset him enough to block me.
Making life difficult for your average citizens will OBVIOUSLY make it harder for them to contribute to society if they're broke.  Our broken college system, healthcare system, and good paying jobs becoming scarce are it making harder for those people not to struggle.
In this paper from U.S. Department of Commerce, they discovered that higher payroll per employee have more skilled workers who worked harder and more boosted productivity because of 3 reasons.
1) It allows firms to attract more workers  with better skills 2) Increased morale, lower turnover and higher productivity  3) practices that that increase the return to having skilled and motivated workers
http://www.esa.doc.gov/sites/default/files/taking-the-high-road-new-data-show-higher-wages-may-increase-productivity-among-other-benefits.pdf …
So the myth that workers will lose motivation and productivity to actually work  if you make it easier for them to earn more money easily is false either through higher minimum wages or UBI.
The reasons for UBI  because automations are going going to replace actual people and steal the majority of the jobs that once required humans to operate. Automation is  inevitable and people are fucked if we just let it happen without providing a solution to that problem.
Yes!
Uh, Finland just stopped that idea after 2 years.....
Where does the money come from genius
We go this CULT will never answer u only call u names
We are 21 trillion in debt, you want add more to it?
Just curious, were you blocked by John Cusack?
Anyone who votes for you is wasting their vote.
All votes are wasted votes. If you don't believe that, then at least you'll understand there's no way to "vote harder this time".

"Not wasting your vote" has never helped you. I don't think more people "wasting" their vote will help either, but it's much closer to reason.
Sure hope you win the senate Chelsea! 
Not
well if you win try imposing it in your state see how it works then have other states lead by example.
Yes #UBI #WeGotThis
Who decides what a basic income is?
Why the WE GOT THIS CULT does. Anarchy at its best. Careful what u wish 4
Hey you finally took my advice 
https://twitter.com/L00tPrime/status/899722864575750144 …
UBI is likely a nonstarter in the work-obsessed USA, but more power to you. I look forward to you coming to change the debate!
And unicorns, don't forget the unicorns Bradley.
WHAT??? We absolutely need new and *better* leaders! Cmon yo... We need a libertarian viewpoint for awhile...
Sorry dude, doesn't work.
Yes please!! I donate to the German @meinbge every month and hope that the lottery of now will become the normal of the future.
UBI doesn't work without some basic rules. And it has to be very very low
How?
universal basic income  #UBI #WeGotThis
The oligarchs like it and there's a reason. Check out http://Stephaniekelton.com  and http://Bilbo.economicoutlook.net 
#LearnMMT
