So in your scenario did the US use chemical weapons on its people? Because unless you are really stupid to realize there is a difference
https://www.mirror.co.uk/news/uk-news/here-7-times-usa-used-10211423 … 
If you include tear gas we better start bombing big time, because most countries do not categorize Tear Gas as a chemical weapon
that's literally incorrect. do like 4 seconds of research before you say stuff out of your ass pls
Do research and look at the many countries still using tear gas today besides the US.
Great point. That totally changes the definition of “chemical weapon”.
We are already changing the definition of warfare so might as well. By the way that was not the point
No the point was that you were saying the US has never used chemical weapons on its own people, and you were wrong.
You are missing---willfully I hope---that Syria used chemical weapons on their own people and that can not be stated for the United States.  International law must be adhered to.
The United States uses chemical weapons on innocent civilians and also supplies Saudi Arabia with them and they use the chemical weapons on civillians in yemen
Show me where U.S. used chemical weapons banned under the Chemical Weapons Convention, the Geneva Protocol and the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court?  You seen to have proof so please share.
Here ya go and it’s seem
What about the phosphorus bombs at Falluja? Oh, let's not forget about napalm either.
Exactly to say America hasn’t used chemical weapons against civilians (quite recently as well) is just untrue and ignorant
You should still be in prison!!
Who says it'll be a foreign government who takes out the Pueblo chem. depot?
Another fire burning close by since yesterday. Like the third time this month it's been in fire danger... Seems a bit suspicious when you think about it 
Why has this tweet been deleted. Is it a trap of some kind?
Uh yea it would if we killed 500k of our own people
Youd prolly disagree with that ifbssy it was a right wing rebellion which got suppressed which resulted in 500k people read.
If they were using the facilities to purposefully for killing and maiming innocent civilians then yes. As Americans we would all be screaming for justice for barbaric order to use chemical weapons
This is why we need you in Senate. You talk sense.
Your joking right
Screw the mongers
We didn’t gas our own people. Your logic is either weak or designed to mislead the weak-minded.
 
Syrians probably would’ve turned and walked away if given the option, but in their case the gas was lethal. They weren’t being dispersed for disruptively demonstrating, just being killed for living.
There are so many issues here. Your implication that there are times governments are permitted to gas protestors is heinous; moving the goalpost from gassing people is unacceptable to gassing people is bad unless it's against protestors; the lack of evidence Assad used gas. Sigh.
You probably can’t distinguish rubber bullets from real bullets either.
That's a cute deflection you used to try to avoid supporting your statement. Thanks for admitting you lost the argument. Have a nice day.
Not a deflection or an admission but a reasonable presumption that supported my statement. You simply didn’t understand. Very simply.
LOL he was quite quick to delete his tweet 
It's ok cause a corporation is at fault and not a threat to our allies in the middle East but our own citizens it's all good /s
Someone should punish Michigan for not fixing the water pipes.

#AirStrikes
Hey, nobody's supposed to know about PCD. Shhhhh 
usamriid plum johnston(just a storage) , porton down ICI , IIBR and east city perimeter lab + depot , prc BW + chem inds who make btw flakka bathsalts spice etc > half world , else
LOL the coward deleted his tweet 
If our government gassed people yes
Surprise! This tweet is unavailable.
There is US law for what constitutes an "act of war."

#CallToAction
Get this hashtag trending:
#NoEvidence
#NoEvidence
#NoEvidence
#NoEvidence
#NoEvidence
#NoEvidence
#NoEvidence
#NoEvidence
#NoEvidence
#NoEvidence!!
More than chill... people would nutt in their pants..lol
What sort of mad man gasses his own people ....besides Obama I mean.
If they were killing US citizens, yes.
If the US can attack chemical weapons factories in Syria! Any country can attack chemical weapons factories in the United States.
But bombing a housing complex should be an act of war

I don't know why people put you on a pedestal. You have no idea what you're talking about.
The people of the US would be screaming for blood if this happened on our soil, we have seen that to be true after 9/11
Like when they tear gassed the water protectors at #DAPL?
Dies the US gases their own citizens??

Did anyone die?
You think that's why we are bombing Syria? Look harder. Yemenis are starving and Palestinians are being shot, but do they make a fuss or do anything about that? No. Your consent is being manufactured, stop arguing in favor of our oppressors.
Seriously though !
So you’re basically saying you support the holocaust as long as you don’t like the person who wants to stop it. #WrongSideofHistory
Yes
Do they produce chemical weapons?
 you are awesome girl 
Why didn't we BOMB the shit out of Union Carbide when they killed a couple thousand innocent human souls through their ABSOLUTE negligence & greed in Bopol, India a few decades ago!!
War is when two Militaries fight each other. This was a terrorist attack
It's always U.S. government double-speak. Hypocrites of the world unite in DC!
RU assuming the Pentagon position those places they say they targeted last night were indeed producing chemical weapons is correct?
Dear Chelsea

#Assad has been persecuting and killing his own people simply because they want to breath free and practice their right to self-determination

In the same way American people oppose #Trump. But with us Arabs, we have no checks and balances to keep autocrats in check
WELL SAID, CHELSEA.
Important perspective! Regardless of final decision, it’s always worth asking how we’d feel if it happened to us
So if Colorado started using chemical weapons on its own population.. you would be cool with that, right?
@JackiePeters55 Was a MAJOR 1ST WORLD COUNTRY B asleep at the wheel? In 2018 & ALL?
Contingency plans, many. O'Poop button?
This but unironically
That's a pretty stupid comparison considering the USA isn't in the middle of civil war and isn't using Sarin gas on its own civilians.
@JackiePeters55 If that theoretical situation happened, UR Intel sux if U didn't see it coming, air & IT defence was in D shop?
Yes Chelsea it would be chill ... if those facilities used their chemicals to kill innocent people
The UK USA n France launched an offensive campaign of aggression against a country that didn't attack us.

This is #NotOurWar and we spent years fighting to make the terrorist onslaught against Syria more deadly.

Our Gov has lied about every military action since WW2.
It is our responsibility to uphold international law for those who cannnot stand up for themselves. If not the US then who?
https://globalnews.ca/news/4145118/syria-strike-un-report-chemical-weapons/ …
Like the UN?
Or did you forget last year?
http://www.newsweek.com/now-mattis-admits-there-was-no-evidence-assad-using-poison-gas-his-people-801542 … 
"Secretary of Defense James Mattis that the U.S. has “no evidence” that the Syrian government used the banned nerve agent Sarin against its own people.”
#Syria #SyriaStrikes #NotOurWar
You do not make thought-through comments....
Well said man


Same thing can be applied to the military bases that we have around the world. Seriously imagine if China had a bunch of military bases that belongs to them here in our very own soil ?
Imean clearly they're not mad, look at how close they and putin moved their countries to our bases!
It's always Location, location, location with that bunch. If we can't put up a wall, then bombs away! smdh.
Eliminating three buildings where chemical weapons were stored and produced up until about three years ago when Syria gave up it's program would be considered stupid by most sane people.
possible

how is it that different than the mass gun shooting we always have
Totes mcgotes

Maybe we should drop politicians - not bombs - from planes 
