What's it say on your shirt?
oh it’s “silence = death” haha - from act up
It sucks

Chelsea got bigger balls that all you haters together, 

she's a true hero...
You're kinda cute there girl ;)

Happy sunday beautiful!  
Your big strong man arms scare the crap out of me.
@MaxinePWaters @ExquisiteTranny @NancyPeelosi @BevHillsAntifa7  Our Hero !
I wonder if she has thought about having her Adams apple removed? She is a beautiful hero!
He
It
Lookin good.
How do you manage to be so cute while being so dang fierce?!
Would you be ok with being referred to as “Lionel Hotbiscuits”? Asking for a friend (@annakatclarke)


I'm so glad you are free. I was following your case from very early on. So good to see you free and happy!

Very nice my friend
Those glasses are so cute! They suit you well
Funny I didn't say the face looked cute! Shame shame shame on you
Do you just try to insult everyone who tries to compliment her
Only the ones who lie and call it beautiful.  You know dam well that's a Face for Radio
Not looking healthy! Low energy! @xychelsea you need JESUS!
bitch fartman
you look gorgeous!!! i love your glasses chelsea :)
So cute 
What is it with the name"chelsea'" that makes people look like a dogs hemorrhoidal ass??? Clinton and now Bradley!?!?!?
You look so pretty :3
So happy to see you thrive, Chelsea. Your story changed how I see the world. Solitary confinement is torture.
Love you Chelsea. You are an inspiration to everyone. Never stop shining 
YOUR STILL A BOY
Cute :)



This is your hair style girl.  
We have more power than they do
See you at @Moogfest!
Nothing normal there.
aaa you look adorable’
Extremely cute
Sweet
Sorry, still look like a man with long hair.  You definately need to do something about your adam's apple.
Those lenses are a crime
oh hey, cool glasses :o
FACE MADE FOR RADIO
Fucking hot fuck
Lol
hope you're doing well, chelsea! <3
Hi gorgeous!
Creepy profile picture
You're beautiful, Chelsea
Ur so cute ily
Ahhhhh i love your glasses!
Been a while since I saw a "Silence=Death" shirt.  :)
@loganjames715 @annakatclarke
why do u do this to me

Wow!
Yuck!!!!
have fun in the sewer which is where you live now
I think you look pretty cool x
Pretty

go live in the sewers
good to see you

It is time for you to go live in the sewers
Come visit us in Tasmania Chelsea
Such a cutie 
Hard to believe I'm looking at a battle hardened veteran
Cool glasses!
Your glasses are cute and you're a fucking badass. 
Feelin’ those glasses
Wow, your hair's getting long! <3
gosh!  You're so pretty Chelsea 
your hair is getting so long!! 
Your eyes say it all. Courageous, brilliant and defiant.

Your glasses...And that hair! 
Very pretty
Good morning, hon!
Wish my adam’s apple was as pretty as yours!
Aw, hello pretty! HRT is changing you so much. Im on it too now. <3
Gorgeous babe
Gurl you give us life. Enjoy this sunshine.
Ewww
... Honesty isn't big in Lefts echo chamber.
Go live in the sewer with your friend

cute

OMG THOSE GLASSES. I LOVE
Goodness, you look like a school girl. Wonderful.
If girls looked like this I'd turn GAY #
Cool Glasses
Not Facebook.
This is a lovely photo - Thanks for posting.
You look sooooo much like your Mom here - both such very special and precious people.
Enjoy your Sunday, Chelsea! Lots of Love.
Love your curls! I always wished my hair would curl.
How's the campaign going?
This logo that was so important to our aids activists in the 80s has so much to say to our times!

Silence=MassSurveillance
Silence=MassIncarceration
Silence=MassDeportation
Classic shirt
Oh my god! Kill it! KILL IT WITH FIRE!
the sewers are where you belong and therefore you should be there
love how ya hairs coming in girl~<3
Perfect women don't exi--

*To the tune of Sunday Bloody Sunday* Sunday Normie Sunday
Was trying to read the shirt.  What does it say??
Your hair's growing beautifully! What do you do to relax on the weekend anyway?
Watching some Evangelion?
Still looking beautiful as ever Chelsea 
have a nice day Chelsea.
from Russia with love.
What's your shirt say? Love its design and your overall look!
“Silence = Death”
GOOD 
SILENCE = DEATH <3
Looking pretty without even trying haha. or at least trying 110%
I would say this warmed my heart more than you would know
Sup?
