Wrong!  It is called treason; no one has a right to come here illegally.
No; I believe in our Republic and the rule of law it provides.
That’s exactly what a bigot would say.
actually, people with low intelligence and no argument usually resort to aggressive name calling.
Check your privilege.
Excuse me?  I have no idea what you are talking about.  Check yourself!
Oh I do. Twice a day I reflect on my privilege as a straight, white, cis-male. I suggest you do the same.

Shut up you SHIM
Shim, lol
Yes we do!  We all need to be heroes in our own way every day.  You inspire  us to be brave and fight the good fight, Chelsea.
How is telling people who are here illegally that ICE is coming and putting the lives of those agents at risk brave?  Of wait.  This traitor has a dishonorable discharge so doesn’t know anything about honor.
I think Americans should know when their tax dollars are going to fund war crimes and injustice; don't you?  Do you think Martin Luther King was right when he said, "Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere"?  I'm sure we can find some common ground.
Yes we should know where our tax dollars are going.  Going to war doesn’t mean all our tax dollars go to war crimes.  It’s like police brutality, not all cops are bad.
Of course not.  But when war crimes are committed, they should be exposed.  Chelsea exposed them and went to jail for it.  Therefore, I think she is brave.
Should war crimes be exposed?  That’s a gray area.  What shouldn’t happen is exposing the amount of material manning did and putting American service man and woman at risk.  Not only Americans, but Iraqi security forces were put at risk.
How?
If they are illegal why should they get away with it?
Absolutely right. And we need to support such actions in any way we can. She is getting blowback for her action.
So you need to support illegal actions.  I’d expect nothing less from someone listening to a traitor.
Asshole?- I know right.  Takes a lot of practice to get this good at it.  

Thanks for the practice.
Happy for you. You must get called asshole very often to have this pic ready to go. Ever wondered why? LOL
I just happened to have it handy.  I know why.  I all ready stayed that.  Oh it’s a compliment for me and not an insult.
Yeah more criminal behavior. Go sit back down Bradley.
Bradley Manning needs to visit Saudi Arabia--the mutaween would quickly correct this mistake made by the Obama administration.
Whoever takes advice from you needs to apologize to the rest of us for stealing our oxygen.
You always mention this power. Why is that significant unless you intend to use it in a forceful way.
I was just about to mention this actually , she was playing with the law and that was an endangerment to society and to human rights. Sorry you abide by the law hate or not it is the law. For this 'mayor' to do what she did was reprehensible
You realize this guy is a felon that was pardoned by a should be felon?
What more law breaking officials who've been entrusted 2 UPHOLD the law??? Oh, that's right, Bradley, you're a traitor 2 this great nation, so it makes perfect sense 2 U, I suppose...#libbyschaaf needs 2 be removed from office! #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
we need a lot more of this !  we have more power than they do #AbolishICE http://wapo.st/2Cpruux?tid=ss_tw&utm_term=.b9a32b4743ef …
No, we need more instances of criminals being punished--especially traitors such as Bradley Manning.
Yes.
I'm no liberal. I do hate the government, and the idea of nations, so I guess you could say I hate America. The authority of the state is unjust, so of course I'm against it being exercised.
Pathetic.
I'm pathetic because I don't buy into nationalist bullshit?
Who’s “we” your male self and your female self? We need this shit to STOP! Just because obama ignored your criminal activity, doesn’t mean ALL criminals are ok, this is CLEARLY criminal!
Yeah I don’t even know what pronoun to use.
If illegals want to come into this beautiful country then do it the right way,go get your citizenship like millions have and are proud of it.Then you wouldn’t need ICE,but NO let’s go about it the easy way & make everyone miserable.They don’t do it Cuz they r criminals!! #MAGA
Unfit for office. Time to make a arrest for treason.
I would expect a treasonous disgrace like you supporting someone who ignores federal law. BTW when I see you in your uniform with the 10th Mountain patch on, I want to vomit
Wrong. Woof!
More of what? Liberal traitors putting illegal alien criminals above the legal citizens who elected them? Therein lies anarchy. I'd think that you would have a healthy respect for the freedom offered by the laws &privileges of this land; w/out them you would still be behind bars.
Ummm, no thanks. I'd like our borders to at least remain moderately protected.
We need more of this #manningforprison
You have power? When did this happen?
You have no power.  Zero power.
Are you serious lady! smh
All you crazy’s go ahead and let those MS13 fellas stay with you! F-in traitor!
Hi maybe u can suggest u would  like a cell next to Hillary.
I think u should be sued for any person breaking the law and caught in any STATE  YOU SHOULD BE ARRESTED FOR ALLOWING that to happen.
#Traitor #Blocked
You're an insignificant speck of dust....you have no power....just a legend in your own mind
Go somewhere and play with your homemade "puddy". 
Well Chelsea we don’t need people like you that dishonored the uniform and oath .. but I don’t give a dam about you . What concerns me are my brother and sister federal agents that will be put in harms way locating and arresting illegal criminal aliens not to mention the public
I got a great idea lets all go live in mexico...NOT
Chelsea will never be a US Senator. If you can't be trusted with classified information you can't serve. Even if she were to get enough nitwits to vote her in, US Senate will never allow her to be seated. Sorry!
I hope they lock her up with all the illegals.
Dude!!! Yes dude!!! You both need to be in prison!!!
Hey traitor it’s funny you want to be in politics when you don’t respect or follow laws. Please do society a favor and slither back under the rock you came from. News flash you’re a disgrace and so is the Oakland Mayor who also broke the law. Birds of a feather I guess.
Of course a traitor would think alerting criminals that law enforcement was taking action would think this is okay. 
#traitor #Treason
You are both criminals and if they rape anyone may it be your family.... not mine.
Go back into obscurity tough guy/girl.  What if one of those convicted sexual predators happened to...bad example.
A freak supporting a maniac. God help us!

Lock her up!
LOCK HER UP! SESSIONS IS COMING FOR YOU!
She’s commuting a crime.  Yeah so admirable.

We need her to go to jail.  She broke the law. Just another politician that thinks they are above the law. She and politicians like here is why we now have a real POTUS.  We The People are sick of politicians.
A lot more of what, elected officials breaking the law? No. We don’t.
This woman needs to be charged. Blame Democratic leaders for turning their heads to all the illegal IDs. They should've kept them off our welfare they should've actually contributed to society as our families have! I believe in what you did, but this is wrong.
Please leave Maryland. This is my home state. Not yours.
? I want to f*** you Manning really want to do please
Yeah protect the rapists, child molesters and drug smugglers. Yikes what a fruit cake. So as long as your illegal you can murder, cheat and steal. Liberalism is a disease.
Very Smart 
And why do we need more of this? How is public safety and public order served by allowing lawbreakers to run free, aided and abetted by elected officials?  police should be disbanded too then? Let anarchy reign? Youre either a paid agent or a total fool. Actually both.
Illegal immigrants  shouldnt  be taken care of by usa...we need to take care of our own citizens
These anarchist in political positions think they are untouchable since the head of the Clinton Crime family thinks she got away.... Not....
Hey lunatic, you need to move out of the country... Your illegal activity is coming to an end...  And your supposed senate run, will be mired in fund raising fraud as it already is...  That is the word...  Say hello again to the jail cell where you escaped from...
The Dems need a new voter base made up of non-citizens and illegals.  Bradley is fighting alongside the Demoncrats to achieve this goal. Sorry Brad. We the people won't let you.
What is wrong with the people of California? Their leadership to start. How can you be so fooled.
She's just a mayor, for God's sake.  Why does ICE even have to notify her?  Give her a false date if you have to.  Don't let her run the show.  How can her constituents put up with her behavior? I would be furious.  That's a lawsuit waiting to happen.
A long-standing disgrace--really our native secret police & an entirely renegade agency -- ostensibly with a specific agenda; but we've all heard outrageous stories about green-card holders & even citizens detained (for weeks & months!) by them. They need to be brought to heel.
Add this. And how do u run for office being convicted of treason.. is a commuted sentence the same as being found innocent? I think not
Frankly Bradley-we need a lot less of YOU. #AbolishTraitors.
The bit_h belongs in jail.....period!!!!
California, worst quality of life state in America. Who's controlled it for the last two decades? Yeah, just leave that one out there for you to mull over and people thought Escape from L.A. was just a movie.
They’re coming for you mayor. DOJ is looking for someone to make an example out of. Might as well be you
can't happen soon enough. I hope they destroy #LibbySchaaf's life, I hope they throw the book at at her and make every Democrat quiver with terror at even thinking of hiding illegal immigrants from @ICE & obstructing justice the way she did.
You are encouraging criminal activity.

@TheJusticeDept @jeffsessions #Prosecute #OaklandMayor #LibbySchaaf for #ObstructionOfJustice 

@LibbySchaaf 
Ever heard of treason?
How stupid can you get! But I guess you don't know the definition of ILLEGAL or breaking the LAW
The very thing you feel your protecting these people from in their country, you’re cultivating in your own.
How's the campaign going, dude?
Like anyone is going to listen to a treasonous traitor like you.
How's the illegal immigration problem in your uptown apartment?
So, when the inevitable tragedy occurs, another police officer gets murdered because the criminals knew they were coming and were ambushed, who gets the death penalty? Her fellow prisoners are going to looovvveee her! She is nothing but a #DISGUSTINGPUKE who should be jailed NOW!
let's get together chelsea

no source no facts
What she did was dangerous
She should be jailed
Why am I not surprised a traitor like you supports this.
No kid you really dont
@LibbySchaaf You rock!!!

LibTard
I was once sympathetic to Bradley Manning.
Just another anarchist, socialist, DEMOCRAT choosing to violate Federal Law of their
choice.  What is needed is a Federal Attorney to petition a Judge for a warrant & 
let the US Marshal serve it on her.  Remember, california is the land of fruits  nutz.
Do you still want to Fuck the Police?
Conscidering you are a traitor, no one is surprised you support breaking Federal immigration laws.
Thank You Libby 
BRAVO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You (it) should still be rotting in a prison cell or hanged for treason
Fabulous human being
She should be charged with obstruction of justice or interfering with police.
Yes, Bradley, we know you're not a fan of those who enforce federal laws.
OMG...really...you people are gonna be the downfall of our society. I can't wait til you are mugged,raped or even killed by an illegal immigrant. #Rejoice
Missed her at the really yesterday in SF.
Chelsea, @LibbySchaaf is a horrible mayor who has done nothing top stop the corrupt police department. This is an attempt to redeem herself with this PR stunt. She only serves herself and developers. #Oakmtg #Oakland
Well you do know a criminal when you see one!
Ask your friends to cut it out!
You know you're not running for office in the nutty 9th, right?
"Be This Guy" updated. A writeup on the OG  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/August_Landmesser …
You mean unemployed & broke?
I still don't understand why people are against enforcing the law.  If you don't like it change the law, not the enforcement.
yeah, keep illegals in this country. great idea. she should be deported with the rest of them and when she returns put in jail. laws are to be enforced and she's breaking the law.
If we truly did, they’d all be safe
Wow, shes awesome! If i was american i would vote for her! Btw, how is your run going?
How do you keep terrorists out? With pleasant thoughts?
this is going to backfire on the Dems next election - going to lose more black voters by supporting illegal cheap mexican labour - nevermind the 'centrist' voter who would rather not have criminals around - a platform based on bringing in and hiding illegals will be a failure
yes and I agree with you - doesn't change that this will cause the Dems the next election - consider that
I hope they lose the next election. I’ve had it with democrats leaders doing this; and Libby needs to be in jail.
Obviously you have a knack for disregarding the rule of law.
If the law is unjust then it is right to disregard it.
I suppose we have a different definition of "just" then.
She's a great person.
Native Americans were here first
Indigenous Americans weren’t Americans till they got here , they were immigrants too! 

From Asia
Wait...every continent was uninhabited and then a group of people came? You lost me on that one. Where did the group of people come from...space?
Yes they came from space.
What about this?
@MJH510
#BasicUniversalIncome 
#trumpIsAMoron #trumpIsAPuppet
Isn't Schaaf the person who covers for Oakland cops every time they murder a black person or rape children
AND continues to increase their (OPD's) budget rather than paying city workers what they deserve & funding initiatives to help our unhoused folks. Schaaf is no hero.
Good for her!!! 
