not gonna sleep much tonight
it is official I am a citizen of the greatest terrorist Nation on the face of the planet
Hahaha. You realize how many bombs obama dropped right
yes I do and I've explained that in other tweets Obama was the whitest black bitch I've ever seen he is a part of this military industrial complex and he was hell-bent on one thing world domination
Ok fair enough
A world where men didn’t wear dresses.
What a dystopian hellscape we live in, where pieces of cloth can be attached to any human being that wants to wear it.
Yeah it’s pretty rough.  Really hard to comprehend the fact there’s two genders and each hold a specific role in this world.  Let’s ignore basic biology to accommodate your feelings though.
Stop just stop.
TIL: Clothes are basic biology. Also society imposed roles are also basic biology. So, sociologists do DNA sequencing and tailors do research on curing diseases. Thank you for enlightening me with your wisdom Joshua.
I mean everybody knows that there are two genders. And when we we're born, every piece of clothing we're assigned comes right out the birth canal with us, just before the placenta.
Don’t let facts ruin your day too much, ma’am.
And as soon as you discover one, please let us know.
Tell that to Assad
Better than what? You mean a world where dictators don't gas kids? I agree, and Trump is trying to make that happen. You can thank him later.
Can't gas them after Trump blows them up I suppose.
You have never heard of the concept, "targeted strike" have you?

So she served, did you

This coming from a traitor shut your yap
What bad news to wake up to. Weird how everyone believes that Assad would harm the people he wants to save. Typical US and EU terrorist tactic to keep the war going for regime change.
Not going there is 99% of it. Bring all troops home! We can't have another #IraqWar or (insert imperialist war here name) again.
imagine there's no war, or weapons of war ....
Yeah...one without traitors, deserters and mentally disturbed transvestites.
Imagine a world where Bradley was an actual soldier, not a sexually confused young man who betrayed a country to get gender reassignment assistance. 
Imagine a world where the USA did not kill innocents in other countries because they want their resources. Imagine a country where Health Care was a right (like nearly every other country in the world) and wasn't just a privilege for the wealthy who can afford it. #Loser
What resources do we want in Syria? 

Name me a single country where health care is identified as a constitutional right.
Healthcare is considered a right in almost every  developed country except the US.
And you're not living in one of them because..?
I've lived all over the world. I don't really see what that has to do with it though. The US should at least be on par with the rest of western nations if not leading them, yet we are being investigated by the U.N. for human rights vios. It's an embarrassment

Fuck you, you never criticized Obama after the fact for his own tens of thousands of drone killings. Let the dedicated anti-war front handle this, partisan stooge. https://twitter.com/xychelsea/status/984972272673939457 …
What are you doing to make this a better world?
#NotinMyNameSyriaStrikes
  
#StopSryiaStrikes
Would be nice to see a real anti war party presence in the White House
Your not gonna get it with Democrats either.  Maybe a third party
Hurry up and win your Senate seat so you can run for POTUS in 2020.
Eww no
Whatevs Brad
You’re pathetic.

Honestly there’s no substance to anything you say, it’s just low hanging fruit for you and other MAGA hat wearing knuckle draggers.  Nothing but weak, unsubstantial tosh.
That better world is called “Thursday”.
Don't imagine it
#resist
Lol I like how you think saying "we can do better than this - #syria " is real policy. You're policy is to give out military secrets that put U.S. troops in danger.
Imagine a world with the US Military and NATO stop committing war crimes!!!
You and a Milano having a little tea party.  Cute
Whatever crazy changes happen in the world, one thing will never change: Your gender. You're still a dude.
Can we, how, what is your suggestion stoping Assad
Can you point me to your equal criticisms for past strikes by U.S. ?
She can't because Obama was the #Messiah.
F%ck you.
It doesn’t affect most of our lives so I think we can all still sleep soundly tonight.
Sorry  Chelsea. This is heartbreaking.
I'm sure Mattes wants to speak with you. Don't wear lipstick.
make me sandwich lady-errr boy
Yet you never criticized Obama's drone killings. Total hypocrite.
The sad part is, the left are anti war when a republican is president. The right are anti war when a dem is president. But people like me(libertarians) are the crazy ones even-though we are consistently anti war regardless of political expediency.
Plenty of Trump supporters and lifelong Republican voters (like myself) are absolutely "ape" over this obvious #FalseFlag.
Brad the rat.
Like Libya
stop being mentally ill in public

Imagine if Syria didn’t gas their own people
That's not very hard to do.. Unless youre completely brain dead and need CNN to think for you.
Funny pic!
Imagine a world without dictators that don’t gas his own people 
Right !  Syria should do better and stop gassing their people.  That should do it.
BREAKING!
WORLD'S MOST CORRUPT DEVELOPER USES U.S. MILITARY TO LEVEL ENTIRE NATION AHEAD OF BID FOR  MASSIVE RECONSTRUCTION CONTRACT.

@realDonaldTrump 
#Syria 
#wagthedog 
#WakeUpAmerica
THANKS COS YOUR TWEET IS GOING TO CHANGE ANYTHING
Yeah we might as well all delete our Twitters if that is the standard
I'm always delighted to see you tweeting but I'm always beyond horrified at the transphobic assholes that reply to your tweets.
Yep. Assad sure can. Russia and Iran sure can.
Please be nice he’s got a pertty dress!
Go try on a pretty dress or something. #insignificant
#OVRTHRWEVRYTHNG
so can Bashar,  Putin, and the Supreme leader of Iran.
We have to continue fighting. Continue fighting in the midterm elections and we will create a larger change than ever before 
Exactly.
We will. In the subsequent strikes.
Just awful, Can't we go back to the good old days when senseless killing of innocents was at least over oil.
I agree, fuck strikes alone, we need a no fly zone
yes but sadly we can’t just scream Eff You from across the ocean and then send bombers when we get sufficiently offended.
Pick the pickling pipping hot peppers off ur pebble pulled balls boring buddo, ur gettin a little too dang spicy up in this twitter land. Gonna have to wash you down with some nice cold milk.
Israel placed war mongers around trump after helping finance him. Annoying
We need direct action now. Occupy state capitals
