I'm sorry, but eating vegan hot dogs sounds like cruel and/or unusual punishment. I'm glad to see you back, though.
If I were vegan I would just eat... Veg... Isn't that the idea?
The idea of being vegan is to minimize cruelty to animals in any way possible; I had a kale salad for dinner tonight, but I put vegan ranch dressing and coconut bacon on it. Life is too short.
I have nothing against vegans,  I think hot dogs are gross to begin with and a vegan hot dog is digging the hole deeper. It would be a mistake to read anything more into my comment.
If you’re a vegan maybe I let up on you a little.
This Tweet is unavailable. WHY ? have a great day #crocus @marysalome @HaidaPrincess

Bradley, is that why you say such nonsensical stuff? #MAGA
Her name is Chelsea.
And we are aware of the war crimes committed by our government because of her brave acts..
Bs
You’re just like me! I  you, Chelsea!
When the wicked shall pass, the righteous shall celebrate.
Soyboy
Hey, she's transgender. There's a difference.
Hey, Bradley, haven't heard from you in a few days. Did that "hot dog" get stuck in your throat?
1. You're a creep 2. Her name is Chelsea
Have you gone vegan Chelsea? I hope so.
What are you scared of then?
And you are still a man
She's a woman.
*he's* male though
You sound like a very serious candidate! 
Yes, as usual you are in fantasy land!  Just like the champain you are 
supposedly running. YOU are just taking people's money and having fun
She IS a real girl.
^^Shows how stupid our youth really is these days.
Chelsea, I just want you to know, that you are fantastic (in case you ever doubt it): Brave, clever, beautiful. Such an inspiration.
You're inspired....how so??? This should be good.
You ever seen @greenchef lately? They have a vegan option.

Are you still here?
He.
Your attitude is infectious.!
in a good way
Yup!


Why do you not have a job?
Oh, don't worry, she'll have one.
Someday she's gonna add Senator on it!
I can't see who you replied to but I love your tweet, Chelsea! 
Someone deleted a tweet about wanting @xychelsea dead/executed. That's why the response rocks.
Thanks, didn't know. Terrible... :(
What games u playin
Get a job
That’s the best way to live! With compassion and delicious #vegan food 
In my news paper Politiken, from Denmark I know now t his.
You go to Denmark and Roskilde Festival this summer..rearly good news.
LOL it appears the coward deleted his tweet. 
queen!
Don’t worry, we’re doing good here
Do you play d&d or pathfinder? 
Most don’t believe or care about anything you have to say. 
Oh really? Give me a percentage.
Holy shit you're vegan??? Grrrl, I need you to be my BFF
a vegan hotdog is like alcohol free bear. Its some sort of treason but its hard to explain why.
I prefer all my bears alcohol free, have you ever seen a drunk bear?  They're intolerable drunks.
gold! sorry chaps no edit function in my phones twitter app
That's not a vegan hot dog.
Sometimes you need to grab a picture so the tweet doesn't vanish.
QUEEN
reported
Omg so glad abt #vegan part
So he's a vegan?
How do vegan hotdogs taste? I’ve been wanting to try
You are really strong!!. Congrats.
more power to you Chelsea :)
Tell @CassandraRules hi
When you're definitely for small govenrment
I have a fantasy about me & you.Don't worry its not http://perverse.It  involves
me taking you on at Trivial Pursuit.
Don't let hate like that get to you. You are loved. Love will always prevail over hate. You are loved

Who dare you inform your fellow citizens of the illegal acts of our alleged democratic republic that our tax dollars are funding. Sheesh....
#AmericanHero
While I appreciate that everyone needs down time, shouldn't you be out shaking the hands of voters???
ugh LEGEND!
So happy you are!! Are you going #vegan?
To be fair. Vegan hot dogs are worse than treason
Wow, I'm surprised they got the right pronoun
Xbox 4 xychelsea?! Y ami so uninvited?

That sounds like an awesome evening, enjoy! #vegangamers


some people have no clue. If you like cooking, Immortal Classic on Netflix, another South Korean series, is so great. The fresh food being prepared is a central feature of the story, and there's a lot about fermenting and lactobacillus :-) https://www.netflix.com/watch/80066605?trackId=13589554 …
https://twitter.com/JennyVSimile/status/911405085279883265?s=19 …
“You’re simply the best, better than all the rest!”
Let’s talk treason, shall we? @realDonaldTrump
Ever try making a carrot dog?
Love you Chelsea. Keep doing what you do.
MOM
Have a great night, Chelsea, you deserve it!
I'm glad your here.

ilu <3
I didn't know you played xbox. Do you have any recommendations for a girl who recently came into an xbox 360 for the first time?
. LOL #AMDG
Vegan hot dogs? Yummy
Escaped justice.
Right around the world you are an inspiration Chelsea love your attitude
what games
Great tweet...how's the Senate campaign going?
which xbox games!!! and hopefully u mean og xbox, thats the best one <3
vegan hot dogs? Oh you poor thing, they're forcing you to eat those horrible abominations.
Go Chelsea!!
I'd like to see plaques of you and @Snowden on a wall in the Jefferson Memorial.
Turn up Chelsea!!!!!!!!
Your Way is better, Chelsea. Let Mr. Smith play with his toy electric chair.
Xbox sucks
thank you for choosing vegan dogs!
Much love and solidarity <3
Mr Smith is not the one who went to Washington to support people in need rather than the people in greed . . . aka the #morbidlyrich
Such hate...  .__.
There's more love than hate  in this world.
Ok you being a console kid hurts me more.
But it's Okay for the Sec of State to transfer an untold number of documents including SAP's to her own Personal Computer in the basement bathroom of her home????? Double Standard!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Friend me!
Think I'd rather do the firing squad than vegan hot dogs tbh...
The question is, what games? 
So that’s what they think should happen to someone who reveals war crimes? Wonder what the sick fuck thinks should happen to the real villains
Xbox? Pfft PC master race!
Well, nobody's perfect.

Fable 2 or 3?
Where does all this cruelty stem from?
smith's reply is so disconnected from the original thread it means nothing
Chelsea, are you vegan now? You go girl <3
Which brand do you eat? I have been looking into incorporating more vegan foods into my diet. I have yet to find a brand I enjoy!
Meat hot dogs were never very good either, so veggie fake ones are less of a step down :-)
I occasionally get the Tofurky Italian-ish sausages or sometimes their kielbasa ones.
Field Roast has the best hot dogs we have found. We use them all the time for chili dogs. (Amy's has tasty meatless chilis.) Field Roast has some excellent sausages too! 
we got this 
GO, GIRL!
The right wing extremists are so baffling. Expose evil unethical things our government and armed forces do, and be vilified. But never get angry at the evil people in our government and armed forces that get away with it. Champion corruption and threaten whistle blowers.
Evil people, warped by mindless nationalism.
He's more flag now than man, twisted and evil.
Hi, are you already in Austin?
and running for senate. #WeGotThis

Best Tweet
At least they had the courtesy of using "her".
Ooh are you playing the Royal Edition? I just started that
Zoglo's was a good vege dog till it disappeared
What games?
Well deserved veggie dogs, a lot less calories. Watch the sodium though! For us older folks, not a fun thing to watch.
Are the nazis there too, or are you finished doing intel ops?
You're an absolute savage Chelsea!!!!
You're a man
*woman
Not to.mention running for office!
...and trolling twitter.
If you think what she did was treason, you need to take a hard look at yourself, and your beliefs
Are you vegan? 
Are you playing GTA V 
... there’s always a Mr Smith  ..
No that is incorrect Chelsea. PS4 exclusives 
the fuck is a "fantasy xbox game?"

Which game is your fav right now?
lmao wrecked
Please don't become a vegan.
Actually please do go vegan. That is if you really care about a peaceful world free from exploitation.
are you also hyped for the dark souls remaster?
With any luck soon you'll be helping to change American politics from the inside.
What games?
what games?
I hope she's playing Skyrim. That would be fucking amazing since she might learn and use  FUS RO DAH on the fucking trolls LMAO
And it drives them crazy.

(Also, yay for vegan hot dogs! )
"Them"?? .. You have no idea what manning did. If what he did cause the death of your kid... Sibling or parent, you'd see it differently..
She didn’t cause the death of anyone. Relax.
Manning is a boy..
Chelsea is a she, silly goose! 
You're still a dude
Wow. You are incredibly rude
How is that rude lol
What are you favorite kind of vegan hot dogs?
