I see you all have stopped retweeting chelsea manning and I thank you.
@Type1diabeetus Oh, and it is "WE" NOT We. E shouldn't have 2 fight 2 BE CAPS ;P #FightThePowerBackwardsInsideOutANDUpsideDown
Wot?
What if people memorized the Law instead of a book that clearly has not fixed the world? Theoretical question. ;)
Wha?
Wait..........are you tweeting me from 2 different accounts? Lol
Uhhhhhhh what?
Rex is "trollboy". When morons reach the pinnacle of their existence...
Buddy I've been on this site for almost a decade....I peaked long ago.
DOA
*looks off into the sunset*

.....I've been dead for years....
#peaktrans
All American people in all 50 states and territories of the United States in North America owes you, a big thank you.
Rex lives to disappoint. Bet he’s never fucked.
My name looks cool all bold like that

So I guess the war criminal who lied to the country to steal oil isn't a war criminal to you, but the woman who single-handedly ended the Iraq War is. You're a real genius, memecenter user.
@Type1diabeetus UR prolly not good enough if U don't get it.  Jus' saying...
Saying what?
Hey bro!!!!
Lol
Manning is still nothing more than a man playing dressup in women's clothes & makeup.  Who would want to be seriously involved with him?  Remember, Pvt 
manning is still an active duty member of the US Army.  And is in violation of 
his release.
I want to; think you, for blowing the cover on the sneaky government spying on American citizens in the lower 48 states.
That was @Snowden.
Challenge accepted!!
Chelsea. Quick. Pull up your emoji keyboard. Go wild! 
Hahaha, oh @xychelsea, you are a breath of fresh twitter.
Ask and ye shall receive 
I love you Chelsea! it case it helps
Love your work @xychelsea
Oooppp thanks for the reminder
Good morning Chelsea.  There was good news actually.  Apparently not one person died in that horrible attack on Damascus.
Apparently...
I will always RT you Chelsea 
Retweeting will continue!
.. until morale improves! 
Lives to disappoint; and to be disappointed, it seems.
who ?
He just wants the attention and free retweet of his stupid comment. Dont fall for it!
why I can't retweet 1000 times? ahh 
665 retweet, so damn close
I have the impression you do not tweet as much as before - if I am right, I hope it means you simply enjoy life more offline.
She is busy running for office and that takes away time spent online.
It does to me too Chelsea. I love a good challenge 
Well,  hell. I gotta retweet this,  don't I?
In fairness, you have been absent from Twitter for a while.
Can't retweet what's already been retweeted. 

Accepted and passed on. Bring it on, Rex.
No Bradley, keep tweeting.  It provides a decent approximation of the number of uninformed, unrealistic people out there.
I probably would start tweeting, multiply it by 100 and include him in every tweet 
How can you not find that tantalizing 

Hi Chelsea, just thought I'd pop round to tell you how awesome you are. Unlike that pos @Type1diabeetus, who is a disgrace to our species.
harsh
Sorry man, but going after Chelsea got my hackles up.
Who's going after her?
Gaun yurself Chelsea ! 
#brainwashed
i was just busy writing a song for her <3
I'm tweeting you.
llmmaaooooo
ill retweet ya ,,,,
anytime,,,
lmao...
That you should graciously take a pass on.
Go Chelsea!
Probably was...*takes a  and sees *...
@Type1diabeetus Maybe your 1300 followers have stopped. I imagine her 322K still do 
thx for everything you did and do  :))
You right now

That's a good tweet
clapped
I rarely write a card right the first time #kingminus #wotcStaff #gds3 #mtg
have a nice weekend <3
xD
correct me if i'm wrong but are you asking for a chALLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEENGE
Done and done. ;)
