we are also the first federal political campaign to use a tor onion service on the “dark web” https://xychelseaxqpywe4.onion 
our servers do not log visitors or IP addresses - the only info we will collect is if you donate or sign up to volunteer
at the top of our platform is the immediate and complete abolition of @icegov #abolishICE

Love it. 
I would suggest limiting the range in convictions to limit bias.
i.e. instead of 2-20 years 2-3
what is your stance on universal healthcare?

NO!  I don’t want govt rationed medical service!    I want FREE MARKET where I’m able to make my own decisions!
You can get private insurance on top of Medicare
Medicare is the exact reason why healthcare costs are skyrocketing.   Anytime govt subsidized something, the costs go up.   Doesn’t matter if it’s medical, college, food etc.   removing govt intervention is the ONLY way to control costs and ensure high quality.
Hmm, I might remind you that other countries exist (and they all have single-payer)
Their costs are really sky rocketing
True or false: Govt rations the medical care in a single payer environment?
I don't know what you mean by rational care, but in a candian system the government provides insurance to everyone, where as in a British system the government directly runs the hospitals. But the point they cover all people and provide better outcomes in a cost effective way
I’m just saying
A real hero. I respect Chelsea Manning. 
#WeGotThis

You call it running, some of us call it #hopeforthefuture
It’s failed everywhere else....one more try ought to do it.
Great site, I really liked your explanations of where you stand on the issues. You're definitely the best candidate for national office I've seen in my lifetime #AbolishICE #AbolishThePolice #prisonabolition

This is a well formulated argument. I can see why the right always wins the battle of ideas

LMFAO
Yes, run, Bradley run!

Abolish ICE? LMAO!
Smash the state one brick at a time 
What comes after you smash it?
Freedom
How interesting... How could anyone argue with freedom?

Ol Bradley here is openly embracing socialism, quite the opposite of freedom inspring policy.
Idk who "Bradley" is, socialism is a society free from class divide, where workers work together and there is no ruling class.
I know what socialism is. Freedom doesn't come with it.
I very smart
I agree with almost all of your platform. Important to have an effective response in place to cyber-warfare/terrorism, notably from Russia, however
You betrayed your country once already in a position with low influence, now you want a position of authority? The trans card got you outta prison but I doubt it's gonna be enough to get you into the senate 
Yeah. Refute the point if you disagree.
You most certainly do not have America's interest in mind....only yours..its painfully obvious...
HOLY SHIT YOU DID IT!!!! #UBI #universalbasicincome  GODSPEED Chelsea!
YESSS girll!! This platform is PERFECT! UBI, abolish ICE, abolish the DEA, universal healthcare, open borders, decriminalise sex work... finally someone saying all of that.

And I  this:
"A Federal jobs guarantee will only mean creating more bulls—t jobs."

#WeGotThis 
It's a Globalist wet dream and goals!! Congrats!!
Im not certain if someone who was found guilty & in Military prison with a record can run for any Congress seat?
She was pardoned by Obama so like Arizona’s guilty Sheriff Arpaio who was pardoned he too can run for senate.
No she not pardoned...her sentence was commuted...She only served about 6 years of her total sentence because Obama considered her punishment as completed & let her out. She received NO pardon but a commuted sentence. A POTUS or Gov can cut a sentence short and not pardon
Btw Chelsea gave Military Intel Docs of our soldiers locations to our enemies-enemies ambushed our military & many died because of her...thats guilt as compared to a Sherrif in AZ enforcing fed immigration laws because he is the Sherriff & its his job to serve & protect citizens
If you’re going to reply, please don’t lie. Don’t bullshit me to support your anti-Manning narrative
Im telling truth abt Manning. FACTS NOT b.s All kinds of documentation out there to back up tht she was found guilty for giving intel to enemies tht had locations of our military & they gt ambushed & killed. She was guilty & served 6+ yrs & obama comuted sentence. She's an ex con
Hope you get in.  Have you written a book yet on what you went through?
We're currently draining the swamp, not re filling it. But thanks anyway.
... no.
Another day, another reason to fall to the floor laughing uncontrollably.
Remember that time when she physically assaulted a female superior? Yeah, call me crazy but we can do better.
Bizarre actually that so many people see nothing hopelessly weird about having a confused/arrogant, convicted/Obama pardoned, male/female, political/non political, celebrity/unknown traitor in a major gov position potentially with powers to damage us all.
Pfft isn't that the majority of aholes up there??..
At least they know who they are... biologically speaking.
that's debatable...
Are there more trans people already in office there? Only 2 options and you don’t get to choose them or get assigned one.
That's a beautiful opening message Chelsea, it's true: we do need each other, all of us, and we CAN do better  xxx
Now that is hilarious, will it go for the man vote, woman vote, or the I don’t know what the fuck I am vote..

Dear @xychelsea THANK YOU for all you have endured.  These hateful people appearing on your comment threads have no idea how you literally put your body and life on the line to save countless lives... and to change the world.  You are owed NOTHING BUT THANKS!!  Many thanks!!
You are a disgrace and should not be allowed to run
Donating from New Orleans, LA. Basic income is coming! #Demandbasicincome
LOL a Libertarian Socialist... That is  an oxymoron if I have ever heard one.  Kind of like Jumbo Shrimp... Funny thing is there are actually people who will vote for this traitor.
It’s not an oxymoron at all. In fact, the idea of libertarianism being right-wing is *exclusively* American and only dates back to the 1960s. Libertarian socialism prepares that by at least a century, if not longer.

Some info on LS theory: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Libertarian_socialism …
If what she supports is libertarian socialism then I guess that makes me a libertarian socialist...
Not quite full-blown LS (it doesn’t mention anything about worker cooperatives or collectives or anything like that, which is pretty important to LS), but it’s definitely a *very* radical social-democratic platform, way left of anything else in mainstream American politics.
Shows that too many things are labelled and people should simply back what they believe is right, no matter what it’s called.
I kinda agree and kinda don’t. Labels can actually be useful as long as everyone knows what they mean... but given how a lot of people don’t know that liberalism and socialism are two diametrically opposed ideologies, that seriously doesn’t help their utility, haha
Yeah, I think they can provide a useful shorthand though. Most people I think have policy positions that are broadly encompassed in a specific ideology even if there are some outlying policy positions. I would self-describe as a progressive or green or justice democrat but...
there's certain issues where I differ with the main strain of those ideologies (green/progressive being ideologies, justice democrats is a specific group with a platform).

Also I'll remark, some policy positions are simply irrelevant in certain contexts... for example, ...
Lol, a traitor as a senator, how cute.
Lol, your header is a fucking joke.
Congrats Chelsea! Major props!
Can you even vote?
Instead of leaving such a rude remark, you could have clicked and instantly seen their pinned tweet. They became a citizen on the 19th.
An expert on political issues in a week? About right for a liberal to know everything. She is what is bad about the US. Dude should be in jail
She served time4revealing what was deemed crimes against humanity. Yet those who committed those crimes walked free. How lopsided is that?
Bullshit argument!! Laws are not for the person to decide whether or not to obey!! Follow the law!! He should be in jail
Totally insane #epic fail
Get a pardon for Edward Snowden pls.
Can I buy a t shirt or something if I live outside the United States
you're everything wrong with america. you would be a tumor of a senator
Thought you weren’t allowed to run for office?
I was wondering if you plan on helping Julian Assange? Or attempting to?

Oh!
(We were hoping @xychelsea was running to represent the California Republic) 
https://twitter.com/buell003/status/989716157509713921 … !!!
#Ecuador Signs #SecurityDeal with #USA, #Military Presence Expected in Ecuador #JustSaying (@Lenin) #Sad http://bit.ly/2r1QXCV  cc: @Suzi3D @AnonScan @canadianglen @LeeCamp @ElizabethleaVos @cestlaviv @FrancisJeffrey7 @BellaMagnani @greekemmy @RisePDX @birgittaj …
We need you to win. Chelsea you need to know that you such a wonderful inspiration.  Your courage is an example to those of us who have never been brave, who live their lives afraid and full of regret.  You are WONDERFUL!!
So, what’s your stance on white nationalists and white supremacists?
Hell yeah! You should let Jimmy Dore interview ya.

Best of luck from northern Europe.
No. If we are to have leaders at all, we need better ones than we have now.
Best of Luck Chelsea
#fag #asshole #disgrace #youdisgustme #traitor
yessss chelsea get it
Are you certain you want to do this?
YAAS girl YAAS!!!! Oh my oh my . Love you, Chelsea!
Going to be a short campaign.
You'd have better luck donating to the Clinton Global Initiative.
So you say a non-citizen has more #Rights than a citizen of the U.S.?
#TheDemocratWay
#SocialistAgenda
Go Chelsea!! 
traitor!! It sold info while in uniform! It should have been put to death.
Don’t waste your time
Do you believe Julian Assange is a Russian intelligence asset?
What is your stance on Russian sanctions?
Lmao omg , just when you thought you’d seen all the crazy twitter has to offer 
I doubt they will elect a traitor
Chelsea revealed crimes against humanity which were directed by corrupt “elected” people. Time to elect the messenger of the crime instead.
Go somewhere else with all that bullshit.
Why do you have xy if you're claiming to be xx?
Perhaps because sex is not the same as gender?
That's how they're blurring the lines. Biological sex is gender. Gender roles is a social construct. They try to say you can be whatever gender you want s if you're able to magically change biology. You can't.for some of the law makers to go along with this is unethical n reckles
I’m a farmer & woodsperson. Even in nature I’ve witnessed that sex is not the same as gender. Binary views appear to be a social construct.
Again you're factually wrong
Fk you
Hahahaha... Run!
LMFAO

Does it matter really?


Lol
What are your priorities regarding trade? How much and what sort of infrastructure investment do you support? Does your support for UBI tie in with a post-growth ideology? Do you view climate change as a symptom of wider causes?

I would love 2 know! Rest of your platform is perf
Dude, stop!
Every single bit of your platform is THE TRUTH, but I do have a minor quibble with the part about abolishing prisons. While a huge majority of criminals are falsely imprisoned on trumped-up charges, what do you propose doing with e.g. murderers/rapists once prisons are gone?
(I have my own thoughts on the matter, but you're the one running for Senate.)
IMHO, then the majority of the prisons should be abolished. They’re not rehabilitative. & what are your thoughts? Our dialogue is good4her.
I agree.

I would demolish the current prison system and replace it with a model based on rehabilitation rather than punishment, only imprison violent offenders likely to reoffend, and most importantly: NO current police/wardens/etc. would be eligible to work in the new system.
The only other options I can think of are execution (which, no), exile (doesn't solve the problem, just shuffles it off to someone else, and besides how does that work in a world with no borders?) or simply doing nothing with abusers (which, also no).
(Ofc I don't think Chelsea needs to outline everything on Twitter since 280 characters is not conducive to this sort of thing.)
You can sit the hell down, actually. You're a disgrace to this country.
Revelations she uncovered proved what was performed in the US’ name were disgraceful acts against humanity, killing journalists & innocents
Disband customs and the police, disband ICE and the border itself. Close all prisons and free all prisoners. Pay everyone UBI. 

You are downright insane.
Indeed.
Open borders, UBI AND single payer HC? .

Where is the magic money tree for this? You are aware that 15 million people apply every year to move to the US, and that's with the restrictions in place. How do you intend to pay for 30 million+ immigrant's UBI?
And Denmark is ending its run of UBI because it can’t afford it anymore. Great platform to run on lolololololol
You just gotta shake the tree. Today most billionaires pay zero taxes&>53% of taxes go to the Military Industrial Complex. It’s lopsided.
We will only release your information when ....a better deal comes along
The web address is http://traitorforsenate.com 
#SteinManning2020
How’s the hammer hanging
Baha!
Yikes
Traitor
You’re a traitor
In her disclosures, she revealed many who betrayed the public trust and committed war crimes against humanity. Then, who is the traitor?
Manning you are still living in a land of fantasy. YOU want to do great things, but have no idea how.  Never the less YOU will always be a TRAITOR.
A traitor, for revealing how many, in our name, violated the public trust by committing crimes against humanity?  Who’s the traitor?!
And those who were found gunning down journalists and perpetrating these crimes are the ones walking free. How lopsided is that?
As laudable as his actions were, he did technically commit treason in order to complete them. Sorry bro, I agree with it in principle, and wished he'd had a better lawyer, but the fact remains, he did commit treason, so it kind of makes him a "traitor".
Then I guess if 1 discovers that one works for Al Capone or Hitler and decides to reveal their actions then in your book they’re treasonous?
Probably more like a whistleblower.
Do you think I like the fact that legally he is a "traitor"? I stated the legal realities, and if we did live in a just, humane, and civilized nation, he would have been recognized as a hero, and all the troops would be home now. Unfortunately for all of us, we don't live there.
When legality and righteousness collide it’s time to cleans ourselves of the lawmakers. This candidacy will help this happen.
You should be in prison.
Did the people she reveal as killing journalists & innocents & perpetrating crimes against humanity go to jail? No justice, no peace.
Zero chance of winning.
Do you support #medicareforall or legalizing cannabis?
Just read some of the platform, looks like you do.  Great policies, hope you win
#medicareforall saves money.  Biggest misconception is that covering everyone will cost more.  We spend enough right now to cover everyone, with $100s of billions leftover yearly, but tens of millions of americans have inadequate care and 30-40k die yearly from lack of care.
Good luck!
So u think u can get a security clearance? Lol!
The same way Petraus, Michael Flynn, David Kushner, Paul Mannafort, etc. got theirs.
Wow! Ok.
Bradley you're an idiot, traitor, and sad human.
#UpTheRebels

Nope
This has to be a joke
Open Borders ignores those of us who believe in the rule of law (and therefore enforcing our immigration laws) -puts us in the racist box.  #ReconnectJulian
If you oppose changing the immigration laws because you believe in "rule of law" even though you believe in changing all sorts of other laws and support many changes in law that have taken place throughout history, then yes, you are racist.
I believe in the rule of law. If the law is changed, then so is the rule of law.If Congress wasn’t full of corporate-owned Dems & Repubs, perhaps important national issues like #Get$Out, immigration and climate change would be addressed,with changes to the law. #NottaBotOrABiggot
That is a very beautifully worded deflection. I admire your masterful evasion of the point I made.
I think it’s you who is evading. That’s not an in personum attack by label either.
Clearly, everyone reading this exchange will see that I am the fool here.
I second that agreement.
Bradley Edward Manning was convicted via court-martial of espionage & jailed from '10-'17. He gave classified US docs to @wikileaks & charged with offenses like aiding the enemy which should have resulted in the death penalty. He got 35 years & @BarackObama commuted his sentence.

Yes ! Go Chelsea
If you’re running I will nominate my Weimaraners shit in the backyard to oppose you. It’s your equal and stacked just as high... it probably smells better than your congressional pitch 
I believe in your freedom to do as you wish. I also believe anyone that votes for you is a complete idiot!
I respect your beliefs as well. She appears to resonate with many. And she’s not a bought politician, 4a change, thus more likely2represent
What is your stance on putting America first?
Don't be ridiculous ... you'll never be allowed to get another security clearance.
What the hell happened to this country?
What up dude.
Your cholesterol
Nah, the sky.
Why not both you transphobic pos
Batman > Punisher
TRAITOR
Manning revealed those who violate the public trust by killing journalists, killing innocents & crimes against humanity. Who’s the traitor?
You can't even decide what gender you are and now you want us to put you within 1000 feet of "the button"? 

Man, prison did something to you.
She knows what gender she is. You seem to confuse sex with gender.
Bro, naaaaa

Traitor!!!

!!!
In such dark days for democracy your campaign gives the world hope.
A bold, progressive platform. Exciting to see. Where do you stand on gun control? Also curious to hear your thoughts on education, specifically the school choice movement and the proliferation of for-profit charters.
"No ban, no wall, no borders at all."

That's not a progressive talking point, it's an anti-nation talking point.

That's literally the re-kindling the Communist International.

"We need to transition to a 'post-work' society."

Read the Communist Manifesto.

And think.
"The prisons themselves have to go."

To be replaced with what?

""Any so-called 'bill of rights' for cops, is just a license to murder."

Remember, good Communists, human rights are not universal, they only belong to those who 'earn' them by being good citizens, or good workers.
Which (people having to earn their rights) is also a terrible problem the right stumbles into often, but they don't try to combine 'we need a post work economy' with 'you need to earn your civil rights.'

Seriously, think for a minute, how those two actions are going to interact.
A traitor running for office?
GIVE EM HECK~
Go Chelsea!
It’s happening!! @moveover4me2 Chelsea Manning is going to put these surveillance hawks in check.
I love this platform go get em #wegotthis
MAGA
Save your money you have zero CHANCE!  # Face4Radio
Neither google nor bing show it
Really phenomenal platform tbh.
Did Kelly create this?! It looks amazing!
Great pic
YOU ARE DISGUSTING
Backpage was laundering $ and advertised for child sex traffickers. You may want to reconsider your support for them :/ https://www.justice.gov/file/1050276/download …
Congrats!
well at least you still have faith in the system... i'm just wanting  to move away from here at this point. but this great Government we have is going to make me pay 5k to do that. I have to pay the government to not be a citizen anymore. like slaves buying freedom.
#Panama  will accept you as an American refugee on a tourist visa.U can live there indefinitely by having their passports stamped every 6m
Yay. This is still on.
I didnt think you were a traitor for exposing evil to the world. I supported you. But you stabbed (your friend) Cassandra in the back & they all supported you. All to cover up your friendships with the right. You are more afraid of what the left thinks than you were prison. Shame
Looks like Canada said "NO" hey if TRUMP can win anyone else can! Good luck #onlyinamerica
With Scooter Libby.
Best wishes, @xychelsea!
just what we need.  more mental illness in government
eeeesh
Hope it's filled with emojis!
Campaign money!
#YouGotThis 
Go get them, girl! #WeGotThis
So happy to see this! #WeGotThis
I read the website...and that's legit. No holds barred.
GO GO  VAI  VAI  MANNING  @xychelsea 　!!!　行け生け　どんどん〜〜
You sir, are a complete joke
A JOKE calling someone joke ....is IRONY :)
I am really unnerved by the part about abolishing offices and processes in the government. You have Wikileaks critical documents and increased transparency into our military actions.
But then Wikileaks helped someone target political organizers in the US during an election.
That is a huge deal. If we cannot act to support politicians securely, with assurances that our privacy is protected, it keeps people from organizing and participating in our democracy.

How would we know if similar actors targeted your campaign?
Traitorous !
She revealed ppl who broke the public trust who slaughtered innocents & journalists & committed crimes against humanity. Who’s the traitor?
--GOOD--LUCK--FROM--THE--OLD--MANCUNIAN--BRITAIN,--FINGERS--CROSSED--FOR--YOU,--I--BELIEVE-ALL-BALLOT--PAPERS--SHOULD-BE--INDEPENDENTLY--CHECKED,--AS--HERE-IN--BRITAIN,--PARLIAMENT,--MAIN-STREAM-PRESS-MEDIA,--POLICE,--HAVE--RIGGED--MANY--ELECTIONS,-SCOTLANDS-DEVOLUTION-IN-2014.

I would vote the shit out of you #WeGotThis
Your definition of the problems with US empire being too much spending and characterizing it as "arms exporters" is so myopic it hurts.
But sure put forward those safe American narratives to court unsympathetic whites who want free healthcare but don't care if the US decimates sovereign nations, arms & funds right wing fascists, and enable slavery, genocide, and encourage mass exists. Typical American chauvinism.
Enemy Of The State.
No u
Looking forward to virtual phone banking for 'ya
Good luck!

It's not prominently featured on the site that this is a US Senate seat for Maryland. Perhaps something to emphasize a bit more.
Good luck, my friend.
Good luck  ( a genuine wish of good luck not a sarcastic one).
A purfect place for a traitor
stop it hurts
Publicity stunt level 1000
Run, Chelsea, run! We need you!
Run to Europe and hold hands with this lady!
This is not all you got, pal.
Good luck, you got this 
Is your website down? It’s not loading for me. Maybe it’s being crushed by all the traffic
Or it overloaded on awesome
Are you a girl or a boy? I don't know, really.
Stop guessing and see what she says.  Oh, I guess there’s your answer.
Anyone who agrees with this platform hates America
“If you disagree with my political views that you’re not a TRUE PATRIOT ”
Patriots generally hate America
Says the socialist.
Lost me at excited.
Are you an Independent? Best of luck! I love your twitter. :)
I'm wondering, and really asking for a friend. Can you actually fuck yourself? If so, have you tried?
Are you your best friend? If so, the answer is, in your case, yes. You should try it sometime. 
Lmfao, exactly what I was wanting to ask
I bet you two fuckers don't even know the constitutional definition of treason (a crime Chelsea has never been, & never could have been, convicted of).

But good to know you consider exposing our gov's war crimes to be "treason". Really speaks to what you think America is about.
If I we're eligible, you'd have my vote. Well done!
You couldn’t make it in Army without bad doing, why think you would be different in Senate?
She revealed bad-doings: killing of journalists & civilians, crimes against humanity, etc. She will uncover more bad-doings now.
Great and simple website
Gangi ūér vel međ ūetta allt. 
Shi*, I can't vote in US!  #Chelseaforpresident
Currently, in the US you don’t need to be able to vote. SuperPACs are funded with dark money. Simply buy a politician. Except not Chelsea.
This platform 
I'd vote for you if I could but I'm French.
Europe seems to be doing great these days with such similar platforms
America is finished! Put a fork in her
WOW! So you still going through with this?

I think we need better leaders
YESSSSS GIRL 
Yeay!!! Good luck!

Give it your all, you got this x
Oh my god
holy shit, you’re literally running as a libertarian socialist. god fucking bless u 


good luck hun!
You’re the candidate a lot of us have been waiting for to run—then win.
Do you support being barefoot in public places? I shouldnt have to wear shoes at walmart.
Do you really want the people of Walmart walking around barefoot?
Why an Icelandic domain for your website?
I will always support you! Wish I lived in MD so I could vote for you! 
#ChelseaForSenate
Wow how lucky
Finally
