I do not know, all the addictions are bad, sugar, tobacco, alcohol, drugs, medication. They die and destroy families, friends. with total impotence of not being able to do anything for them. There must be a limit and that others take control when we are not able to control it.
addiction is a disease, not a crime
Yes, it is a disease. But it is a crime to see someone you want consumed. And that the law does not let you intervene if that person does not let help. It is an impotence that is not desirable for anyone.
We as human beings will figure it out. Government and prohibition is not the answer.
http://www.lavanguardia.com/cultura/20180420/442792085374/muere-dj-avicii.html?facet=amp …
But letting die for not stopping an addition on time is not good either. When we need help we can not let laws get in the way. We sometimes reach a limit that we are not able to decide, and we need help.
I do not say to ban sugar, tobacco, alcohol, marijuana. But you have to know where the limit of the duty of relief is. Save someone when he is not able to see that he needs help. Do not let them die. When they recover they can then decide clearly.
Close prisons? What about violent offenders?
the prison system in America is nothing more than state-sanctioned slave plantations. 

No focus on rehabilitation, only on extending incarceration

tear down the prison system.
You can't rehabilitate someone who doesn't want to be rehabilitated.
we'll never know if it's possible when our prison system is designed to mentally degrade a person until they regress to an animal.
Some go into prison as animals. Some aren't created by the system. You can't lump "some" in with "everyone" to meet your idealogical demands.
and you can't justify slavery by saying "well some of them deserve to be there"

miss me with apologizing for the prison system
It's not slavery if they're criminals repaying a debt to society. 
None violent drug offenders shouldn't be in prison but you're pusing your agenda so hard that it makes what you say incredibly clouded and unattractive.
and that debt includes living in squalor, being fed nutrionally deficient food, violent reprisal for speaking out against authority, and being tortured with extended periods of isolation?
Let me make an edit: “End ALL the drug wars” #420Day
Pablo Escobar, Columbian drug lord, said the drug traffic with attendant violence in Columbia, was instigated by the American war on drugs.  Legalize drugs=end of massive profits, money laundering, murder.
Agreed. Keep up the good fight.
Let’s put stuff in our bodies and ride rollercoasters!!!  
Go further abolish all government
campaign website/platform when?
Chelsea, can we get your official stance on whether or not Jeff Sessions should get hella blunted?
you realize that there are killers and rapists in prisons too? Are you planning on letting all these monsters to live in your apartment complex? Maybe in your apartment?
Okay so what are you going to do
Except for the substances the American public wants banned, such as GMOs.
1 Jul 2018 weed will be legal everywhere in Canada
And yet, the same government that criminalizes recreational drugs prevents consumers from getting label requiments on GMO foods and lies to thousands of towns like Flint about water safety.  Taxation is becoming regressive.  Who owns our bodies?

Your just a complete idiot I'm convinced now! Ok hero were shall we put the murderers and child molesters?  You make Zero sense and your Sheep followers love you for it! We're all doomed with idiots like u leading us
If it happens, the world economy will shake for sure. It's a self sustaining sub economy that has all the dark activities and entities attached to it. Terrorism, Illegal arms, human trafficking, counterfeit currency and goods. I wish it happens.
Yeah...closing all the prisons is a grrrrreat idea dude. Drug addicts, murderers, rapists, etc. That makes perfect sense. Sir, just when I think the left has gone completely AWOL, it makes yet another leap into the bottomless pit of self-pity and arrogance. Man up!
Im coming off from being drunk, hugs and kisses and if you permit a make out session!
What is your position on sex work?

I agree.
You rock Chelsea! Where may I send a donation for your political run please?
If your wanting to waste your money that bad I'd say burn it#Sheep
Thanks for the weak minded advice. I will double my contribution to make up for your failings.
No to the sugar tax on Reese’s peanut butter. Make vegetables more affordable instead. :)
The government has a lot of bad fucking ideas.
So time to deregulate all drugs then? (genuine question)
What's really crazy is that with the e.coli outbreak in romaine lettuce today, marijuana is currently a safer plant to consume than lettuce. 
Delusional

You are a white dude
Racially motivated? Close prisons? Stop embarrassing yourself and those of us that have followed you for years now... Jesus.
I would legalise the whole lot; tax it & build swanking new hospitals & rehab centres for those who can't handle their crack!
I taught you today @BowieState when we read page 205 of “Aint Nothing Like Freedom” by @cynthiamckinney and how your actions led to the awe-inspiring Arab Spring. Reminiscent of Wendell Phillips and John Brown.
;D #WeGotThis
tend to disagree. I have witnessed the effects of long term use.
tend to disagree, never had any major effects for me or friends :D
Time to legalize ALL DRUGS and light centrism on fire.
Gatekeeping medication has to end.  People are poisoning themselves with over the counter herbs because the doctor visit costs a week's pay.
Agree. Curious how you feel about the opioid epidemic? How should resources be applied to stop it, or should they?
