@MadDapr let’s talk ; especially about the “one” on the second page
Check that... I would say it's about time... but the Time in which they want to address Gentrification within the Ledroit-Park/Shaw Community is extremely late.  It's great that it's included... Just concerned it would be too little too late.
“Gentrification”?
You mean the area getting cleaned up?
No we mean re-colonization. Lol catch up.
Re-colonization very interesting term for advocating separate spaces for Black and white ppl. Think that was tried already and didn’t work too well
Kevin you misread my comment, that's why I haven't responded. Re-read understand and then we can dialouge
“Understand” means agree with his professional victim logic, then you guys can “dialogue”.  Cool
No, Dumb Donald number 2. It meant to understand the context in which a term was being used to gain clarity on why recolonization was used & not gentrification
Has howard not heard: the days of segregation are over. They can be a REAL college now. Imagine that, blacks AND whites learning the EXACT same curriculum.  Shocking!!!!!
Just imagine when the fools finally get a job and demand to have a controlling interest in their comapny!!!!
Choosing to go to an HBCU has nothing to do with wanting to be segregated. HBCUs are very diverse. I sit in classrooms with people of different races and ethnicities.
Didn't see the students mentioned in that statement at all?

Also didn't know there were whites that go to that college, oh, cause it's only ONE% white...yea, diverse.....
White people do not create diversity!!! Several different groups of ppl create diversity. HBCUs are indeed diversity so many cultures and races. No need to create more damage to the universities by adding more racists. When do you ever hear about racial problems at HBCUs.. never
Wow what a racist statement. There are racists in every color creed and nationality. The % of real racists in the white cat. is very little in the real world. I am sure in your unicorn realm it is very high. you are the problem, not the solution when making these statements.
You are correct, however, they will never be able to see clearly thru their hate and disinformation
Lmao who created the hate
But thanks for admitting you do hate white people.....damn racist, sure your family is proud that you are learning THAT at college.....
Pretty simple, if you don't like how a college operates, go to a different one. BEST thing about capitalism

#HowardUniversity
And THAT is how they will enact change. When enough students no longer sign up for classes and threaten to move then the school WILL listen to them

Free market Capitalism works BOTH ways
Exactly, NOT taking over offices and making demands. You paid them to go to their school. You knew the schools policies beforehand, Now if those have changed, then you have a grievance. But you CAN'T just demand they change something you agreed to but dont like
>But you CAN'T just demand they change something you agreed to but dont like

Uh, yes you can.
Good luck with that when they act like chidren......would've been different if ANY of them had smarts enough to sit down with the dean and the rest of the administration FIRST!
Translation: "Black people, please protest in a way it is easy for us to ignore."
Black, white, brown, purple. You're either a racist, or a racebaiters. 
Either way, have NO intentions on conversing with you.
YOU'RE the one who brought race into it, where it had NO reason to be

See ya
I'm *shocked* that a trump supporting conservative went from gun topics to race shaming

Dave is the reason we cannot have nice things
Not out of the ordinary to have student representation sitting on governing boards via an elected intermediarySGA prez (e.g., Kentucky and Louisiana State post secondary educational institutions). It is imperative that primary stakeholders have a seat at the table.
If a governing system is void of a functioning systemic feedback component(SGA Board Rep.), U establish a “missing link” culture. Simply, those at the top develop policy based on their assumption of the culture. Blind policy making + deaf + blind  = Student/Public unrest
HAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Demand that THEY have the controlling interest if the college?!?! Really......

And enough they segregate themselves to a college that  that has a seug/robbery problem combined with today's age, they want to disarm police?!!

Okaaaaaaayyyy
What are you even trying to say?
That their demands are ignorant and have nothing to do with the financial scandal
How is combatting rape culture ignorant? Or asking about salaries and tuition hikes unrelated to a scandal, where employees miss appropriated funds to inflate their salaries?
Read it, that's NOT what they are asking......
That’s exactly what it says in the written demands that obviously didn’t read
Just for starts, they demand a srop to tuition increases although almost EVERY private school has almost doubled ther tuition in the last 10 years.....keep reading
Lol. It's a black run school--who is oppressing them? The university has let the students run it. I am sure that will turn out well!
If they are truly appalled, they should all threaten to transfer out. The power of their pockets is the only way to get action.
If you want to run the school, then start your own institution.  Some of these demands are ridiculous
Thank you all for your sacrifice. God bless you all
In response to your misuse of historic words, 
"Kiss our ass and get back in class"...
Whiny assed crybabies...
Those who cry are the ones afraid of change..  you deserve our sympathy Sargent!
We Americans demand students to start acting civilized, responsible and socially moral.
I'm glad your demands have been meet with these young adults. #proud
Bullsh!t! They are petulant children. Nothing can be farther from being classified as adults!
I thought you desire civilized, responsible,  socially moral... Oh I get it. You want a teacher.. I can get you an application.. but there is a gpa req 
Before one can lead, one must learn to follow. These and yourself have not learned to follow.
Says the anonymous Doobie. Touche` 

Something I share with students and boy scouts alike from my own life.

 3. To report all violations of orders I am instructed to enforce.

1 of many lessons for life.
Then if you are truly a leader as you say,  then de-nouncement of childish behavior. But I see you’re not who you say you are.
Ok
It's very good to see what you're focusing on.  Elimination of tyranny, secrecy and injustice.  Welcome to the club!
Lol what?  Jesus.
What exactly are your trademarking?  Your name?  hmmm.  
The demand for ending tuition hikes is based on the fact that median income for black Americans has actually fallen since 2008. I guarantee that none of you guys will connect the dots and realize that 2008 was the year that @BarackObama was elected.
#StudentPowerHU
#FakeNews
What was fake?
Wow. Your list of demands. I dont agree w every statement, but i definitively applaud the demand that the University serve the less fortunate of the community.
Unless you are a member of this university your opinion has nothing to do with what they are doing. If you are a member then counter protest and organize against it
If I was university president I would have had all of you removed and had your scholarships revoked.  It’s not you Home it is an educational space, go to class and learn about different ideas.
Guess they are too busy actually making America great for once
Not by occupying an administrative building. Going to class learning and then using that knowledge. That is what makes America great, contributing positively to society. Not whining.
Well it's not like they are taking time saying please don't take my toy guns. They are actually changing policy to empower the next generation of students. Are you afraid my friend?
Every single one of you should be kicked out and never allowed on another campus.
But then they would be working with you.. not sure you want that.
I have no fear of that. Their demands are ridiculous. Good luck in the real world.
I'm doing well. So are the radiologists, news anchors, lawyers, politicians, and machinists that protested with me in college. Perhaps we can help you get your next career move!? #loveForAll
And, what makes you think I don't do quite well? I'm retiring in a year so, I'm not interested in a new career. Mine paid well & I get to enjoy life, but thank you.  What did you protest in college & what year if I may ask.
I'm glad your doing well. Maybe you can help me with some retirement plans. My point is that we do well in the real world. Do you want to argue that point?
I am arguing that maybe some other kids wants get their education. From what I saw these kids were not allowing others into school which unless it is free they are paying for. Yes, work hard, and have a good 401.
Yes sir. Hard work and 401, thanks. Respected and understood. 

But to say they should be kicked out is brash, so I had fun. But they aren't keeping other young adults out of the school, perhaps that was miscommunicated somewhere.
This list of demands will make people not take you seriously. Pg 1 is good, 2nd pg is mostly ridiculous. As a student you have no right for faculty hire decisions. disarming police, really? That's the stupidest thing I've heard! What does this have to do w financial aid scandal?
Hahahahaha you people are nuts. You don’t get to demand anything. Sit there all you want. But you don’t just get handouts because your upset. The money will be returned and you’ll go on your way. Stop crying like little babies.
Professional troll. I admire your free time.
I disagree that students should be a part of approving faculty hires and tenor.  I think under that system, it would be difficult to attract top faculty.  But I agree with most of what’s here.
What they’re asking for is that the university administration and faculty be accountable to the population they serve, who are paying to be there. How do they not deserve that and more?
i think that accountability is important.  However, undergraduate students are not experts in their academic fields. It's a farce for them to evaluate faculty as though they are peers.
I think kids are smarter than they’re given credit for
To everyone saying they have no power to make demands- WHO PAYS THE UNIVERSITY'S SALARIES?!?!
Parents who worked.
Who’s going to be paying off the student loans for the rest of their lives?
Students who didn’t do their homework
Students who did what needed to be done instead of what they were told to do.
Students who got a bad education - and so on and so on
My point was that if the students at HU LEAVE, the college will shut down. Period. No students no income no jobs for administrative staff.
Right. In other words more SJW cannabalism
Expel all these agitators. Kick them out.
Did you attend college... Anywhere?
Please put more thought into this.  Germany once had their arms all removed.  Followed by the Holocaust.  Without Arms, there would be no United States of America.
...or we would be like China,Japan,Canada,Russia.. or any other modern country.
Ask the people in the mountains of China how modern they are.  Like I said, we needed our arms in the Revolutionary War to form our own government.  Peace.
Umm I was taking Hong Kong.. you can't go to Howard, you don't understand context. Let me help you get into community college near you. I should be able to help.
I'm a 69 year old Grandmother, but thanks anyway.  I had a great career.  Wish the same for you.
Yes yes!!!
I guess the news should be restricted so that only Howard students and staff get it.  Apparently nobody else should be able to voice their opinions.  So sayeth the Kommunists.
Colleges are not democracies, you don't get to pick the board of trustees. 

Next you say allocate funds, while also slashing college income from tuition. 

Some of these ideas are good, but with no actual outline of how to meet them or fund them.
What a joke! I'd close the campus before I'd agree to this!
Hey next thing you know you guys will be demanding the school feed all students throughout the school year for free.
 Also all student loans and future tuition should be paid because your black and there might have been a slave in your family.
You need to ask why the HUPD is not an "accredited" police department?
You can submit a FOIA request in you want to find out the Administrative salaries.
It's a private university and not subject to FOIA
I am fully aware that Howard University is a private university. Since it Receives funds from the USG that clearly means a FOIA Request can be submitted. That said, it doesn't mean the institution will move with an "all but deliberate speed" manner to supply this information.
It can't be requested for salaries.
Have you ever made such a request?
I have not but I know who and what is subject to them.
This is called black mail. The majority of these demands are utterly ridiculous
Prospective international students also await financial aid award/scholarship!!!!!
No way in God's green earth will police officers get disarmed. They aren't security guards.  You  get that, right?
Colleges across the United States are poisoning the minds of our youth. Doesn't make me angry, it makes me sad. I wish you kids weren't being brainwashed by the power elites who have nothing but contempt for humanity. Nice Paypal link by the way, working is hard, begging is easy.
I love this! Demand change!
Children do not make demands of adults.
What needs to happen is every single one of you who forced your way onto campus property should be permanently expelled. It may teach you how to behave in the real world, where such actions would get your asses fired were they to occur at a private company. Jesus.
Addendum #ComeyMustGo
If you think you've seen oppression, wait till you start working, paying bills and other such daily life.

Your just children and you know NOTHING about life. It just gets worse.
Maybe you should follow the 'children' and make a change in your life like they are.
i, for one, hope they fail every single one of them and you have to redo everything
ow wait, but then you be nagging cause they make you pay again right ?
You aren't special.
Hahaha. This is the funniest thing I have seen since @HillaryClinton blew an election that was rigged in her favor.
Your Demands?  How about they just throw your butts out of school?
I think your demands are cute, specifically the ones about officers disarming and putting students in charge of trustees
I can hear the fear in your laughter. But don't be afraid brother. No one wants to harm you. You will be ok.
Lol ..........
#StudentPowerHU up to you to keep your reputation not the corrupted administration – at Howard University
Throw em all out
Says the college professor? College graduate? High school graduate? Middle School graduate?...
The police should go through these students online accounts and phones plus computers and see who the leaders are and what else the idiots are up to ? Probably some super violent revolt .... squash them and send them home get better students
Why are they not being replaced with students that want to go to school and learn ? Ingrates and embarrassments to their families and friends.  The police on this campus should enforce order or how can any student be safe ?
Pump tear gas into the buidling and arrest them quit coddling these criminals . When they quit snotting and these idiots can see again expel them and replace them with people that appreciate an opportunity.
Ya, bet the fortune 500 peeps are lining up to hire y'all.  Keep it up, we the deplorables need something to laugh about. Assbag
In the words of Booker T. Washington, you play the victim for gain. If I was the cops I'd leave you to protect yourself when you need the big guns and you will, one time or another! And, as Dr. Jefferson says, it's one thing today; what/who will it be tomorrow!? Maybe even YOU!
Or you could stop being afraid of change and encourage the growth this society has always spawned. Breathe. Realize no one is going to attack you, and join the movement

Says the white guy
"Says the white man" wow, SMH
No I said guy. There is no definite that this is a man. Plus that term is dated. A rising minority losing priviledge doesn't get that moniker in this century... Sorry.. but there is still a place for you.. don't lose hope!!
Just questioning the choice of words. Kind of hard to have harmony when folks continue to throw barbs at each other.
I respect that. You are right.
I respect your sir, I see you are doing Scouts. I grew up as one, well deserved thank you is in order.
Aww thank you sir. Much respect for that appreciation. I see you are a level headed , differently opinionated gentleman and I can appreciate that diversity.
Sorry if I'm not on board with your "demands"
Aside from your other issues, I do want to point out, you have a problem with tuition hikes but also want the University to spend money on a bunch of things...where do you think the money comes from?
Although I stand with the students this is the most respectable anti-comment listed. Respect
I LOL'd when I read this...

It's 1/3 Temper Tantrum, 1/3 Entitled Brat, and 1/3 I-Have-No-Life-Experience-But-I-Think-I-Can-Solve-Every-Problem-With-My-Grotesque-Naivete.
Your gonna starve in the real world. By Felicia
Don't be afraid. They aren't coming after you. Your job at McDonald's is safe.
Your last demand should be that the university must plant several money trees that will cover the cost of your other inane demands.
"We are the music makers, and we are the dreamers of dreams" ~ perhaps your ancestors were the ones who said America could never be independent. Even naysayers are important to the narrative.
You demand improved student housing, but also demand an end to gentrification? You demand increased student safety, but also demand campus police be disarmed? You demand an end to tuition hikes, but also demand hiring counselors and improved student housing?
#StudentPowerHU
Here’s everyone’s reaction to your “demands”:

#AllLivesMatter
Aren't you named after someone from xfiles?
6, 8 and 9 you can forget. The rest you are right about.
There is a rape culture at this University? But you want cops to not be armed so they can yell stop or I will yell stop again. I would consider another school.
You are just hurting yourselves. No school no learning. Why don’t you burn it!!!
You want to make public reports of allegations on teachers who say something you disagree with. A public character assassination mechanism of any teacher who doesn't conform to your way of thinking. No competent teacher would agree to work with a social gun pointed at them.
And why would "students" form an investigative body? Students have no education or experience in such matters, and they have no power to resolve them. No, you just want a tool to shame people who won't give you your way. So much potential for abuse with this idea.
Lol, student terrorists making demands while holding hostages.
So you complain about tuition hikes and then demand all these other things that will require more tuition hikes to fund them. There is a cost for everything. If you want things done for free (ie food pantry) then do it yourself.
Combating Rape.. Providing rape kits to victims are good. Those other bullets are garbage. Mandatory course on not raping people??? What kind of college student doesn't know rape is bad? You other bullet is that you want you own policing force to combat rape on campus. Not ur job
Exactly what policy do you have in mind that will fix the rape problem? Do you really think grown ups don't care when a kid is raped? Not all problems have perfect solutions. But please share your idea.
And you want companies to hire you. Isn't it already hard enough already for a person of color to find a good job?
No. Especially since I'll offer them internships
Feed them beans
These demands don't seem unreasonable at all. Who knew the rape culture at Howard University was so prevalent. Informative.
We at one time treated the mentally ill, that was before liberal gender politics turn much of the nation into a cesspool of debauchery.
Bunch of idiots, I think it is time to pull all federal funding, that means student loans that are guaranteed and grants until this stops. The Majority of Americans, the ones paying for this don't support this childish nonsense.
So now the kids are taking over? Lol.
Can you provide precise examples of police violence on campus?
Obama's legacy. 
Hes probably behind this.
I agree they have mental health issues. I'm glad they are anti gun. Lol
You "demand" to have power to influence board decisions. LOL. You have neither the education or experience to make decisions. Try this.. finish your education and get elected to the board the way other people do. Then you can make a difference. You dont get power by demanding it
You want the university to feed the surronding black community? How is the Univeristy stopping your group from doing that? Get a job and work weekends, everyone chip in your money and buy a bunch of food and go feed them. HU is in the business of educating...
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @DailyCaller
Y'all are trespassing and should be expelled and jailed.
So proud of the students!
WHY?   The want handouts, not jobs.  They will never get hired.  Bums.
Attending Howard is a choice. Leave people.
You students are brave. I support you fully. I would gladly trade places with you. Wayne Frederick must go. #HUResist
Note to self. Never hire anyone from Howard.
Note to you, Howard is over qualified to work at your McDonalds

There’s always one idiot in comments Sending love & support your way #HUResist
Is #amophobia  the fear of ammunition or...but even that would be spelled wrong so....
Y'all gotta proofread y'all demands before sending them out next time lol 
Y'all are hilarious. Please tell me what #amophobia is 
It sounds like the fear of love from a basic understanding.
Stay strong baby Bison
Hang tight in solidarity over the ethical corruptness of those in charge of educating today's youth.  It's only your civic duty by way of legacy . #VoterRegistration #EnoughIsEnough
Many of the “demands“ by students who pay for an education at @HowardU should already be in place. How brilliant to add a mandatory course on what sexual misconduct means. And support rape victims! This is a time for admin and students together to put a transparent plan in place
After reading the demands, many of them seem attainable if students, faculty, staff and community can come to the table. Mismanagement of funds and lack of transparency of funds is unacceptable.  Inadequate college housing - unacceptable. Rape culture - unacceptable. Etc.
It’s the Divine in ALL of us that makes justice prevail #whyiamawoman is with the energy for correcting what needs to happen especially in the face of arrogance & greed #blacklivesmatter
Consistency is key 
@NenaKillzEm
How many genders are there?
2
science recognizes intersex/hermaphrodilia
That would be fake science.
Uhhh no. This is basic biology and is seen across the animal and plant kingdom. https://www.britannica.com/science/intersex … Mariuana growers uses hermaphridic plants to retain a bud with all female seeds.
Humans are not sea horses
The link was about humans, its basic biology.
Basic fake biology
As a Hampton Alum I stand with #HUResist
Let them have hell !!! that was scholarship $$$

this is a lot of fucking demands... how about keeping things relevant & handling shit 1 at a time? if HU were to enact this list, they would go bankrupt... don't forget, your school has a 49% acceptance rate... there is an entire other student body that wants to be in ur position
Proud of students for protesting, but wonder how keeping Title IX staff from entering & working furthers demand re: fighting S.Assault
Under the present circumstances, these demands seems reasonable.
How to create an ironclad echo-chamber
Wondering who y'all will you blame when a #MassShooting happens and there aren't any armed police or guards there to protect you.  #communismkills
.@HUResist Will you please share a link to a pdf of your demands. I’d like to share beyond Twitter. #Inspiration #StudentPowerHU
Look at my feed. I took photos of all the demands an posted them this morning.
Appreciate you!
Disarm the school police?   Sure. Why not just rename the school Howard Thugs.
What a s-hole school that looks like.
@MollyJongFast
Don’t go to Howard?
#LiberalLunacy
In France students have a seat at the decision table as elected student representatives in EVERY public university. They can be either from a student union or associations or even independent. Is it the same in the U.S. ?
Unfortunately no... The U.S. has always been about greed, making money off the backs of their students, by keeping students unaware without a seat at any table. This is why we have to protest. It's sad that members of an institution steal from hard working students.
I must say i am still shocked by the amount of money you guys have to put into getting an education... good luck to you all keep fighting for your rights 
100k is the average for 4 years. It took me 10 years to pay it off. Thank you. One day, soon I hope, we can join the rest of the civilized world and not take advantage of students.
What about lifting all financial/bursar holds on current & past students accounts that were/are here during the embezzlement, so they can register for classes/transfer credits. This needs to be added asap!!!
You are absolutely right. My child was affected by this.
This goes way beyond Howard. This is a higher education crisis across all schools. They have a monopoly on degrees and tuition has increased over 300% since 1980. Our parents never had to face the reality that $100K in loans was the minimum price to play in the salaried economy.
.Thanks to Betsy DeVos and her "Private Schools" preference.
Don’t forget about physically disabled students when it comes to counseling and absences
Why are we making it about something it’s not about?
Because they want to be given an inch so they can take a mile. Those demands are ridiculous, plain and simple.

They want to set up a system that oppresses everyone they disagree with; said something they believe to be whatever-phobic? Get reported and lose everything.
Make America Chaos Again! 
Damn straight!! Good luck! I have hope in you!!
Douglass also respected the 2nd Amendment
I'm not surprised that you don't understand the second amendment. It is a complicated amendment. Those are campus police on a private university. As a private entity the campus can create and enforce whatever gun rules they see fit. This in no way is an entanglement of the 2A
Im not suprised that you'd like  students who attend not have a Right to protect themselves ...  you want a #GunFreeZone with unarmed guards.  THAT is a special kind of stupid.
What's stupid is wanting rifles, questioning the political system but trusting the policing that's run by it.. special kind of weird
Don't own one, but not allowing someone to defend themselves against any attack on their person is evil and sick.
Howard:
David Hogg should go there to help organize.
I'm sure these students understand not every demand will be met. They are being smart by asking for more rather than less. You don't want to wonder if you could of gotten more demands met if you don't try!
None of these demands should be fulfilled, just throw it in the toilet.  Watch they’re going to destroy and start looting
People cry about not feeling safe at school, yet demand school officers to be disarmed  y’all childish
If you aren't attending that college then stop whining about what the students do

Attend to your own business
I also disagree with disarming the campus police officers especially in the climate that we are in
No way that disarm the police  piece isn't revisited later. But tuition is ridiculous, everywhere.
Why disarm police? Next time there's a shooting you'll be asking why police wasn't adequately equipped.
i find it interesting that students want public over site at a private institution?  if howard was a public school then i get involvement of the public - howard should stop accepting federal funds
Most organizations require external review to combat corruption. The public aspects are for students, not just for average citizens
Most of this document is laughable.
All but last set of points around democratization are very reasonable and constructive
Here are the links that i am aware of being shared for cash donations:

https://www.paypal.me/HUResist 

https://cash.me/$HUresist  

#HUResist #StudentPowerHU
Lol you people don’t deserve any money. Stop crying.
your language is that of a bully. stop please right now
if someone needs to cry that should make you listen more—not less.

your insensitivity to others is the problem—not the people being vunerable and asking for what they need.
 I'm an A&T alum and I stand with you all! Fight for your rights!
Shit. That’s a lot of stuff that shouldn’t have to be demanded.
Protests just before finals. Convenient
This is TIGHT! Amazing, focused and to the point. #StudentPowerHU
It's too hard to send you money! Please change paypal settings or post direct link where to pay from your website. Love, M
Help them with homework. That’s their real difficulty right now
This is how things get done. The machine is odious.
don't forget loan forgiveness, and students should get to vote on all matters that affect them similar to one of the ending points
@busboysandpoets can your 14th and K location do anything here with lunch today? I have a car and live nearby. Can deliver the food
14th and V*
You want the board out, alright.  People always fuss about those in power.

It's finished up by you wanting students in charge of anything.  No.  Just hell no.
Then this just gets weird.  Literally the only money you have coming in is from the police force that you no longer pay for, so in addition to the buttload of new counselors, you're also demanding the university feed and house private citizens who do have nothing to do with it?
First time you try that, the police walk away, but you won't have to pay them.  Then the rapes you cared so much about earlier are going to skyrocket, along with all sorts of other crimes.
On the second page you want to hire more counselors, again with no more money coming in.  Then remove guns from police and have them answer to a bunch of students and people who have nothing to do with the university.  I see where the money is coming from now.
More hires without raising tuition?  And an attendance policy where you can go if you feel like it?  Yeah, that doesn't really work.  If you get into a Masters program, you get one miss before you can't make an A.  In a PhD program you have to go if you're dead.
A woman is far, far less likely to be raped on campus than off.  Let's move on.  

Now we're getting to the crazy.  You want to freeze tuition but have them implement new ways to cry if someone hurts your feelz.  You may feel I'm mocking you, and I am.
Housing you may actually have a point, unless there is adequate housing available.  I honestly don't know.  Fewer than half our students live on campus.  Rape culture is just something you're throwing in there to look like you care.  Too many ingredients spoils the stew.
Okay, this will be fun.  First, let's look at doubling of tuition combined with lower income for black families.  Thanks Obama for that one; it's happening all across America, not just Howard.  My university has seen an increase in tuition too.
Rooting for your success, all of these demands are reasonable. Students need a voice at all levels of college administration.
Fight the Good fight
That is right!
Solidarity 
