Trump’s airstrikes on Syria are illegal without congressional authorization. 

Hina Shamsi, director of our National Security Project, had this…
So what would you do?
And this is your solution? 
Genius!
What is your solution?
take more than 11 refugees for a start?
How many have you pledged to take?
Personally, my church has sponsored two families and started a whole refugee support ministry that's become a separate non-profit. That said, I'm in Canada, and we too aren't taking as many refugees as we could, and it is shameful.
That is commendable. However, you keep answering questions asked of the other person.  

You do realize there are many, many Syrians who would prefer to remain in their homeland. That’s why there is a civil war.
so bombing their home land helps them stay? what kind of logic is that?
Do you really think you have a right to talk about our Military?
We all do, dummy. We're still citizens, & the military works for us, not the other way 'round.
Did you betray your country too?
If criticizing the parts of my country that ostensibly work for the public fits your definition of betrayal, I reckon I did. 

If, however, the definition of betrayal includes abandoning the responsibilities of being a part of an informed elected, the answer is No. 

And you?
How about leaking nearly 750,000 classified and sensitive military and diplomatic documents? Ever been convicted of violations of the Espionage Act? If not stay out of this. The “YOU” was not directed at you.
No. Everyone - and I mean every last citizen of the world - can criticize the US & its policies. Y'know why? Bc the US is the main superpower & sticks its nose into the affairs of every other country on earth. Every last one.
And as a citizen of the US, you, Chelsea, & I have a special responsibility to (1) be that informed electorate & (2) speak out when the gov't that's supposed to work for & be accountable to all of us, isn't. 

Recognize this?:
I can’t believe I was talking to someone new to tweeter. Never mind.
Please give a meaningful and intelligent question and I will answer you. I can guarantee my wit and high order thinking will mesmerize your feeble brain. Have at it, Snowflake...
There should have been an investigation to prove beyond reasonable doubt that this was a chemical attack, so far it is only "alleged".
The OPCW was on its way to conduct the investigation. The strike at this time was of no coincidence.
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Dak4n0XXUAMk4EB.jpg …
What is wrong is gassing defenseless ppl and the world standing by and doing nothing even though a pact was signed 100 years ago. It’s not all rainbows and kisses when dictators send armies and bombs. Sorry this just proves the world needs a police force and we’re it
Sorry, the United States doesn't go to war to help people. We didn't help anybody in Iran, Viet Nam, Iraq, Afghanistan, or Libya, and there is absolutely no indication that our country is interested in helping people now. Example: We're killing kids like crazy in Yemen right now.
I agree with some of your statement but all of that has nothing to do with this president or this situation we are trying to stop a dictator from gassing his own ppl. It’s not about helping Syria it’s about stopping the war crimes of chemical weapons especially against civilians
It directly relates. We went into Iraq, Afghanistan, and Libya to protect and liberate the people of that country, and it was an absolute lie. To believe otherwise in this situation is naive, and thousands more will die for it.
Weird I must have missed how we’re sending thousands of soldiers in to Syria like we did those situations . We’re not going to liberate Syria. Trump already said that’s up to its own ppl. Did you even watch his speech or follow reports of what’s happening?
Oh that must be why nobody is concerned at all. Just a few bombings, just a possible confrontation with Russia, I'm sure it won't escalate at all. 
"US Plans Open-Ended Military Presence in Syria"
Well obviously. It’s a hostile region. Doesn’t mean we’re sending thousands of troops. We have Tripp’s stationed all over the world in open ended situations so this article is pointless and just for clicks
Come on, Brad. There must be someone better to be making judgements on military legalities, no?
You spelled her name wrong 
Whelp, since this could be the end, Chelsea, I have a lot of respect for you and I wish you the best.
Yes, Chelsea. Thank you for your consistency on this.
The UK air strikes are also not authorized. Our Prime Minister only talked to her cabinet and didn't put it to a vote in Parliament. 

We now have a dictator in charge of the UK.
Man is setting himself up for an international war crimes trial. Even further embarrassing our nation.
Lol!
And illegal under international law.
Wars of aggression are war crimes.
Nazi's hung for the same thing at Nuremberg.
Me?
Two branches of War Party (DNC/RNC) have same policies:
1. More wars.
2. More prisons.
3. More spying on #WeThePeople.
Republicans/Democrats - both - bi-partisan effort.
All living Presidents are war criminals, under international law.
That's what I say, since you asked.
So says the traitor. Can’t make this stuff up. 
These people think the constitution is a joke. Just like abortion, war... they don’t care as long as they make $$$$
Thats because it is. it is a sham
Hear! hear!
#
Since WHEN does ANYONE in DC give a shit about DUE PROCESS, or anything involving critical thinking!?

It doesn't matter. We're fucked. Our stupid, incompetent leader has stepped too far over the line, and we as a race will suffer.
Well, not me; I'll be hanging myself.
Wrong. Only when he decided to declare war should he notify Congress.
The crime of aggression is an act of war.
@ACLU -- See UN Resolution 3314 for a definition of 'acts of aggression' & 'wars of aggression.' While missile strikes can be passed of as *just* acts, if Drumpf keeps it up I'm pretty sure we're in war of aggression territory. And that's illegal undern International Law.
You must have hated Obama then, he was the king of air strikes !
So is that just your opinion or are you Mad Dogs Security advisor now?
Mad Dog Mattis disagreed with all this shit, brother.
Not so - President Trump is not declaring war- it’s a one time thing like last year - so if he went to war would need to go to congress! Besides you’re  a traitor.
treason to this death empire is good
We need a hard revolution. ASAP @china @MittePiraten @birgittaj
All wars should be have been banned a long time ago.
Incorrect. The war powers resolution of 1973 allows the president to conduct full scale war for 60 days with a 30 day withdrawal period. It's all legal. I don't think we should be involved but I do think we should be very accurate with our posts
The US and its leaders do not submit to the world court. They have no authority over our president for better or for worse
If the shoe were in the other foot...just imagine the outrage!? That’s why we can’t have this kinda !
Well it didn’t stop him or Obama from dojng it before without repercussion.
Oh well, I suppose repercussion is up to Putin, not good.
Make no mistake. Syria, like Iraq, Libya,Yemen is being destroyed for this Israeli plan https://leaksource.wordpress.com/2015/01/17/the-yinon-plan-greater-israel-syria-iraq-and-isis-the-connection/ … Meet the war makers https://www.unz.com/pgiraldi/americas-jews-are-driving-americas-wars/ … and those who schooled Trump https://forward.com/news/national/370369/in-100-days-a-new-jewish-elite-rises-under-trump/ … away from non-intervention he promised
Tell it Chelsea
Thank u queen
God help us and the innocent people in harms way...

Do u understand that if u lived there or if we were invaded by them that they would throw you off the top of the building? #Libtards
wat
Thank you for your service to our country and for your input here!!!!
No she is not a traitor... She's exposing the lies that we are being told. I've been a Conservative Republican for many years and have discovered my Conservative Heroes have lied to me for many years going back to Vietnam in 1966...
what do you know about right or wrong
So was releasing classified information and you did it anyway
Your wrong
HUGE supporter of yours here in Australia.
Who’s President? doesn’t matter in this instance. He’s a fool, but other Pres’ would’ve done same. Also see UK, France response.
Can we stand by & let Assad use chemical weapons?
(Regardless of, or ignoring other regimes doing the same).
I'm sorry I guess we should just let everybody die from chemical weapons.
They are also in retaliation for an unsubstantiated chemical attack.
What do you care? You have
already betrayed your country.
Since you find the USA so
revolting. Why don't you LEAVE?
Oh, that's right, pvt manning
YOU are still obligated to the
US Army. And even Canada
doesn't want you.
Eu não consigo dormir. Eu espero que a reação da Russia não seja tão arbitrária quanto a decisão de Trump de provocar mortes e destruição antes de uma investigação.

Trump deu um mau passo.
Very much agreed.  They are a move to consolidate power and make Trump a permanent fixture in WADC.  I expect with a hot war the Mueller investigation to be shut down next week and eventual  impeachments to be blocked using emergency powers.
Well, Bradley, perhaps you should live in Syria, then you may have a valid opinion on whether or not chemical weapons should be used on civilians. 
Trump is an outlaw! Can a POTUS go rogue?
You live in a fantasy world.
They struck before OPCW could even investigate. This is criminal. How many times will we as Americans fall for the same old bullshit? How many humans must die before we stand up against the imperialism of the military industrial complex and change the world for the better? #noNWO
His quote in aug 2013: The President must get Congressional approval before attacking Syria-big mistake if he does not!
You’re a dude.
The US destroyed the #Fascist Assad regime's chemical capabilities on the Syrian  people!
America’s strikes.
Gee gee gong gong
Too late..?
im sure being anti-war she will be outraged about airstrikes next week on assads enemies like she did last week or the week before oh no she didnt oh ok
