The solution is to educate our country.
Then we would also have to abolish an entire genre of jeopardy questions. Honestly Chelsea, sometimes you just dont think before you talk.
It's not the office, it's the donors, and Citizens United that's buying the office.
If Bernie Sanders were President, we'd be looking at a very different Presidency. #FeelTheBern
What if the problem isn't the president, but the empire?
#SmashtheEmpire
Lessons from parliamentary countries: pull executive functions into the House or Senate. Voila: the President is party leader, political experience is built in, all Cabinet members are elected, and Presidents can be fired by their party at any time. PLEASE.
Girl it's the whole damn country
people say this and I get it but do we then turn over all that power to baying mutants of congress
Nope! You have no clue what you are talking about. How's the Senate run going?
is this a joke?  Are you proposing a repeal of Article II?
Who is we? You and your penis?
We have the technology necessary to implement Direct Democracy in the united states. we should do it. #abolishcongress #directdemocracy
We need a caring, kind and meaningful democratic government too.
That a: may already be happening, b: would not in any way end up as a good thing

Trump wants to be president for life. With the crowd currently in power he may actually manage it.
Made in China, backed by Russia, voted in by electoral college, the latter was supposed to prevent the diaper wearing demagogue from ripping America off.
Respectfully, what do you propose instead?
Yes the US electoral system is broken...
1. The person with most votes doesn't win (so no "will of the people")
2. No proper parliamentary system (preferably with seats proportional to votes)
3. Two (very similar) parties
4. Corporations etc can basically buy government they want
Parliamentary systems aren't the same thing as proportionality. Very important. Brazil has open list proportional and a presidential system much like the US and Canada has first past the post like the US but has a parliamentary system.
No president. No monarchy. No  tsar. No kaiser. No emperor.
Ok.
Have you read Lord of the Flies?
We can't help from the need to rule. When you have solved that, we will have a new game to live by.
A parliament and a Prime Minister is what you're looking for here.
Most parliamentary systems have a ceremonial president. I can't think of any place that has a prime minister and no head of state. Switzerland has no legal head of state, executive power is collegial.
Maybe YOU should be president 
In the ancient  Roman Republic a majority vote before a general assembly was required to ratify all laws.  2000 years later we need the signature of one lunatic.  Efficiency
I like that you have very good ideas Chelsea. The problem is that the rest of the world won’t follow us and that they would try and study our strategies to benefit themselves instead of helping out.
Getting the USA to become a proper representative democracy (rather than a talent show) would benefit all the countries that are allied with it. It wouldn't help "cold enemies" like Russia, but would you want to?
Yes I would love for the US to expand across the world so we can have open borders, the thing is, we need the super power countries to do it like those who are apart of g8 or g20. We need to find a permanent solution so we don’t fail.
And speaking about Russia, we need to make peace with them in order for this to work. We can’t just keep considering them as the enemy. There must be another way so we don’t end up fighting them for the wrong reason like we did with Iraq.
the solution is to abolish America
I enjoy your posts for the stupid
You are a fool
How will people govern? Humans have proven to not be able to self govern their own society.
Through democracy
Without a leader figure?
This is the most dumb thing I've heard this month. Congrats.
The solution is for Mueller to put Trump behind bars 
