channeled four
The name, not the therapist?

24 no solitary is more time than I put in on probation in embarrassment.

Hello.
Ed Balls
Traitor
Ted Danson
"hur dur u meen Bradley MAN-ning"

-people who think being normal, inoffensive and complacent with social more's is somehow edgy
Peyton Manning
Britt Avery.
Go off
Chelsea Manning roolz! 

YES GIRL YES
Chelsea Manning
Bradley Manning, the treasonist, even your last name has the word man in it.
Wow irrefutable evidence that trans girls arent valid oh my god her last name has the word man in it

http://www.med.monash.edu.au/gendermed/sexandgender.html …
Ed Balls
No emoji circus - not Chelsea confirmed
ed balls
Ed Balls
Ken Bone?
Get this sexy content off my TL
Girl you alt-right

You’re a man - that will never change !
You're a bigot.
It’s a man - that will never change ! 
And why do you care so much about her?
* him 
Actually, her. That's what her ID will say, that's what she will say, that's what a psychology report would say. 

You still haven't answered my question though. Why do you feel the narcissistic need call her a man? Were taught this way and are unable to feel compassion?
It was born a man - and that’s what it is  you can’t change that whatever you say 
Huge if true
what are you a pokemon now
Happy Ed Balls Day!


Ed Balls
Lol I love that this pissed off a ton of conservatives

MATT DAMON
Bradley Manning
Who?


K.

chelsea manning
Ed balls
can I ask, is tweet you announcing that you are now lowercasing your name?? is it a nod to bell hooks? If so I'm so into this!! just curious...
damn tru
Peter hitchens
Chelsea manning?

ed balls

And.....
Biological man
Two genders is basic biology

Realizing that gender is different from sex and is a social construct is advanced biology tho
Wrong
http://www.med.monash.edu.au/gendermed/sexandgender.html …
Not necessarily in that order?
Cute pic Chelsea. Brad here too. 

Due respect, but you have no business walking free. 

#FactsOverFeelings
Okay, fair call on the passive aggressive. And catty. 

Bradley has decades left to serve on his sentence, and was released solely for SJW warrior purposes. Yet another abuse of power and process from the prior administration.
Gotta get that misgendering for the extra edge
Nasty
I think people like her trump Kanye are making a mockery out out our democratic system.
Do you have a problem with her? She’s nothing like Trump. She wants to make some great changes as a future us senator such as protecting your right to privacy. Her website doesn’t track ips. You been blinded by some of the stuff the media tells you about her.
Yes I do.
Why? What did she do in your opinion?
we live in a society
Bottom text
why is someone tweeting their name worth retweet. Is there something I'm missing?
A previous Chancellor in Britain (Ed Balls) accidentally entered his own name into Twitter and sent it out, likely as he was vanity searching. It henceforth became known here as #EdBallsDay
That's good to know, it weird how some trends and hashtags come about, but I guess that's just internet culture.
^^^ should still be in jail.
GFY  She is a hero. Do not underestimate the possibility that someday you or your family may live in fear of drone attacks. I have a feeling you would want someone to speak up for you.
before you weave you're consensus, how about make me a sandwich. 
#ToxicFeminism
#SomeDayYoullPrayForThePatriarchyToSaveYou
Your #ToxicGroupthink is showing. It happens to be exactly the sort of thing that has resulted in events leading to the uber-expensive war on terror as well as the war crimes against journalists and civilians that @xychelsea had the courage to expose.
I watched the full video Wikileaks put out. They had two versions, 45 minutes and 10.

The full version shows the reporters hooking up with armed insurgents and, prior to the "war crime" in question, there's a sighting of what looks like a rocket launcher. "RPG RPG" is called.
The chopper gunner pauses before opening fire because, at the VERY LAST MOMENT, as they circle back around, the target area shows the reporters as what they are.

Then the one moron who's been trash-talking during the entire video screams "FIRE! FIRE!". So the gunner does.
The truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth - that's important.

And the truth is that Bradley Manning violated the law in order to release classified information which was later used for propaganda purposes - as you yourself just demonstrated.
#ChelseaManning

ed balls
Peter Hitchens
there's a reason why they wanted to keep you locked up, you're mentally ill and a detriment to society. funny how your last name is more indicative of what you truly are than your first "name"
Bradley Manning!
Happy #EdBallsDay @xychelsea !!
ah fuck, I can't believe you've done this
thanks chels
INDEED
ed balls

Tony Danza!
bottom text
Damn right!!!!
That is true.
.............
 yaaaas we love you in the UK Chelsea!!! 
#notAll
Good tweet
You sure are sis!
Most people learn to write their name around age 3 or 4, but, it’s not a race. You’re still special!
Matt Damon
I agree!
Agreed.
Chelsea I.A. “Psy Op” Manning
Is a man
Chelsea Mining? You #bitcoin alterego
Fox Mulder.  How ya doin', Chelsea?
sans undertale
I love you!! 
.... is a great inspiration, moral guardian, roll-model and a credit to her parents
Jason Derulo:

This is some @LILBTHEBASEDGOD shit, I love it
@LILBTHEBASEDGOD please bless Chelsea Manning's senate campaign or put the curse on Ben Cardin's reelection campaign 
huge if true
ed balls

Are you like a Pokémon now
Revolver Ocelot
*Shalashaska 
Me after you tweeted this

true
Big if true
chelsea manning is online
Go hide under a rock POS
*hero
is it that day again?!
What are you talking about? Every day is RUSEV DAY!
Ed Balls
*miss vanjie voice* CHELSEA MANNING
melsea channing
nelchea samming
It’s true
A fitting tribute to the master on #EdBallsDay
How were you ever trusted w classified intel?
andrew syrios
ed balls
Now that’s what I call posting
fascinating
Yee haw
Bradley Manning DNA Chelsea Manning imaginary friend
Chelsea Manning
Hi

Matt Damon
Drunk or high.
What about him?
*American Hero**
Ed Balls Day shall hereafter be renamed Chelsea Manning Day
"Thats my name don't wear it out" - Pee Wee Herman

me, myself, and you...
forget about balls.  balls int all that.

Ed Balls
Yeah I like her, she’s cool.

Tweets on Winston Peters NZ politician
Matt. Damon.
greenglass61
I know you are, but what am I?
Matt Damon

Yes
That is your name
My favorite pokemon
Amidst the chatter I want to thank you for your bravery in the face of tyranny and your courage standing up for freedom. We are mostly ignorant (currently) to the debt we owe you as a "free" nation
agree
Enter Password:
Has a penis
You can just go away now. To think I supported your release is laughable. You are not for a healthy country. 15 min is up
was this the last straw
Lol
Lol
ed balls
ed balls
It is too easy to accidentally tweet a search. #Twitter #UIflaw
The worst thing about this tweet is that it put that "Barbra Streisand" song stuck in my head.
oh wow
mood
melsea channing
Can't believe I had to scroll this far to find this reply.
I hope it was worth it, friend.
kanye west
oh cool so it's you who runs da shaze z0ne twitter
Predictive text says: Chelsea Manning is a great night to you bring my kids home tonight thank ya for the chance I love ya
Ms. Vanjie!!!!
MS. VANJIE!!!!
I must admit I'd rather celebrate #ChelseaManningDay rather than #EdBallsDay
#rexmanningday

Nope.
what did she mean by this 
It's Ed Balls day!
well now i know, huh. thank you!
 #EdBallsDay
Agreed.
Ed Balls
Haha, funny
Bob Dole, BOB DOLE!
IS A MAN
Brad
Your tweet game is stepping up @xychelsea
Aren't you supposed to be a girl? What's with that profile picture?
Hi boo. ;)
100 %
Matt Damon
Yea basically

Ed Balls.
Searching for your name again?
Yeah
same
Meghan Cardwell
chelsea manning
True
chelsea manning
IMG_4346.jpeg
You are the man, Chelsea! You represent the good part of America, otherwise standing for all imaginable evil such as lies, corruption, war etc. Keep going as you bravely did in past.
chelsea manning
@NatsSquid celebrity tweeting their own name theory
When @BG_Technology_ tries to search in @SlackHQ but accidentally @‘s you instead.
It’s a calling! 
amyrakunejo
yes, that's your name.
He is so creepy.
Fsho
Happy Ed Balls Day #EdBallsDay

Ed Balls @edballs #EdBalls what a pathetic person you've become, Chelsea
Miss..... Vanjie
I see you!
How’s the Senate campaign?
She can NEVER handle classified information again, so how dos she think she could be a senator, but I forgot she lives in upside down land. Criminals are innocent, men are women, and elections are won with the least amount of votes
Ed Balls
Am I the only one getting Space Mutiny flashbacks?
- lil b
@xychelsea YOU'RE A NATIONAL DISGRACE.
We should scissor sometime
I’m listening.
Pokemon?
chastity leighton
#respect
Why is this tweet popular?
Robert Smith Robert Smith
