You're still a dude
Says you, which equates to no one
No, science indicates that gender is much more ambiguous than simple sexual organs. Forcing someone to adhere to your interpretation of what that sexual organs means is nothing less than prejudice. If you really cared about science, you'd understand that
The truth is 2 genders. Those two being male/female. Please tell me the other genders if not male/female.
*Lol more freedom only applies to straight white cis people* 

- rugged independent libertarian
No freedom applies to every American.
You are a man
She's a woman
Sit down you are fake news.
Oh, go away!
You’re a hero!
You have no clue what a hero is.
Alpha Tango. Go troll somewhere else and let the adults talk. Take a nap.
Not sure what you’re talking about: but you don’t sound fully woke “...from your illusion of separateness.”  Maybe an espresso high colonic?
are you talking to me AdrianBrooksCollins? "High colonic"?

Her name is Chelsea...

Ugh. GIFs.
Ugh, traitors... amirite?
Fuck you traitor, you should be stoned to death
Uh, the ancient times called? They want their ideas of punishment back.
Accidents? Like trying to be someone your not, isn't that called transgender
Hi @xyChelsea... My name is Diane, i'm activist for human rigths... Can u give ur contact or Whatsapp for explain u about our interest please

Guess who misspelled "Challenges".

The Oligarchs’ ‘Guaranteed Basic Income’ Scam https://www.truthdig.com/articles/the-oligarchs-guaranteed-basic-income-scam/ …  #UBI
@xychelsea is still a man.
Hi Brad, how's it hanging?
Her name is Chelsea.
 you’re deranged
Brad is not a she, he will never be a she. His name is Brad.
Check the notification better I was talking @MissHines123 I know dudes no she
You two need to google "transgenderism".
You need to Google reality. Humans are born male or female end of story
How is the Senate campaign going?
Tolerance is a myth, so is acceptance.
You’re a traitor
Your views are warped
Tolerance and acceptance are also quite different.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MKSYzH1NZg0 …
Emilie Autumn - Thank God I'm Pretty
Enjoyed you interview with TRNN. How can media reach you to arrange an interview re your run?
Might have to look really hard to see the .3% of the population that identifies as trans...
You're disgusting!
Keep fighting the good fight, Chelsea! Equality and trans rights are being attacked like I’ve never seen before. It’s going to take a while (and a new administration) but with people like you fighting back equal rights will win in the end 
Join the gender critical movement. we are fighting for trans  people to be recognized as TRANS not as women, which they are not, and  which minimizes women. we can have trans rights without lies. women are a  sex, not a gender.
You're so sweet and not too jaded to tell obvious truths. I hope you never lose that. I really enjoyed your recent appearance on @democracynow . Seemed everyone had to smile.
Explain how this works...

A genetic dude gets extensively surgically and chemically altered to look like a woman and complains or sues if anyone calls him a man...
And then wants a day where people who refuse to identify him as a man cut to look like a woman get punished, berated or insulted for failing to make a big deal of it?
Silence on Wikileaks Editor?? He saved you!! Disapointed.
Fools
Speaking as one visible trans person to another, is there anything I can do for you?
I'd like to support your campaign but don't really know how.
Speaking of visibility, I noticed you've been absent from social media for quite a while... is everything OK?
How are you doing?
Anything we can help you with?
I'm asking because not a lot of people seem to be asking.
I see plenty of people being supportive by encouraging you, but surprisingly few that actually ask how you're doing or if there's anything they can do for you.
And I admit I don't really know what I can do either.
Thank you for caring.
Hi, Chelsea. Saw you on @democracynow. You do realize borders were invented to reduce tribalism by defining who owns what and separate conflicting value systems and world views from each other, right? The world got more peaceful post-countries.
Didn't you forget to have @JulianAssange's back as he is now in isolation? Why aren't you tweeting about that?  He was tweeting about you when you were in prison ALL THE TIME. What the fuck? You're gonna be silent?  What gives? #ReconnectJulian
Can't believe this traitor is walking around free today...
It's also #nationalsourdoughbreadday.

We support you Chelsea 
Stay strong you are loved

Why are you commenting then?
You go gurl! We got ur back all the way!  Just if you in the US Army (or other country army) again try not being the trader again and giving away all the secrets! #Wikileaks #DeepState #TheStormHasCome
Traitor
I bet you love @WikiLeaks.
You are morally, and objectively a bad person, regardless of what is in your trousers.
You belong in PRISON.
Whether Male or Female you are still a traitor
<3
Hey it could be worse.... you could be visible to nothing but a set of walls and the occasional prison guard for a good while longer.... #SpecialTreatment #Equality
Didn't you give a bunch of shit to Wikileaks and then went to prison? How the fuck do you just tweet about normal things? I want you to wear a cloak and use a typewriter font. 

I mean, it's great that you're trans and that you support trans people but like be consistent w/ image
O
FWIW, i dont have any issues with your "status" you can identify as whatever gender you wish. i support that. BUT, you are still a Traitor and a Disgrace. this "status" is the one that matters to me.
You’re just awful.
Nobody cares
Judging by the large number of people retweeting/liking, I would say you are very wrong.
You think those are large numbers...?
Are we using the thousands of people tweeting about #TransDayOfVisibility2018 as a benchmark? Or just this tweet? Because I would still argue that a combined total of 3,000+ is quite a large number of people who care.
We’re obviously using different benchmarks because in an entire country of people who use Twitter (not to mention the world) ... Most won’t even bother so, I would revaluate.
See, I really don't think I need to. You argued that "nobody cares." Yet even if only one person liked the tweet, wouldn't that mean someone cares? Rendering your argument invalid? Not to mention that you obviously cared enough to comment.
And you’re still arguing
Go back to jail traitor
Ur son Straight
chelsea thank you for everything you do to help change and heal the world. heres an article i just wrote about being trans and being a record producer https://genderamplified.org/barb-morrison-on-being-a-trans-music-producer/ …
Go betray your country, little man.
Traitor.
I bet you support NSA spying, torture, and the murder of millions of innocent civilians too. You're a disgrace to the human race.
You seriously need to go see a shrink. You really have some identity issues.
You have common sense, but you still have a penis. So biologically you are not a girl.
Wait- didn’t you betray America?
She "betrayed America" to America's greatest enemy: the American people.
 thanks for staying in the fight against all odds
In my life experience, I've found trans people to be quite visible.
You are an inspiration
Thank you for not giving up, on tough days it gives me hope and helps me keep going.  The Privileged and the deluded don’t know how important this is for all of us to have.  They take it for granted not knowing how hard it can make life.  Equality, being treated human is a right
Visibility is our proud defiance in the face of tyranny, the glint in our eyes when we force someone to confront their hate, the strength in our voice when we declare "I am free, you will not deny my truth." Visibility is our path that leads to equality, our hope and our right.
Agreed. It takes a lot more courage to stand up and speak out for people's rights than to shout hateful language at strangers. Be brave and beautiful.
You should be serving out your sentence in prison.Obama was wrong for pardoning you.Treason is very serious crime.
YES DARLING PREACH 
Truer words never spoken
Stand firm 
happy tdov mom 
WHAT do you believe is equality? Am I equal to you? Are you equal to me? Who decides?
It's a start, not ignoring us means we can actually discuss / share / communicate   people like yourself have given us that visibility...it's up te the rest of us to back you up
