Welcome to SoCal Chelsea! :)
i just got back to the east coast - ill be back tho
pink is very good on you
not as good as black 
Fitting, mr. manning
Yeah.. watch your step. The beaches ARE beautiful, but I once LITERALLY almost stepped on a haphazardly discarded syringe.
yeah, i didnt really take off my boots
chemtrag..
(exhaugse gas from plane..dont know is there are bad chemical in it..)
So beautiful
Looking awesome, @xychelsea ! Take care :)
What a pleasure to hear you at UCLA. You’re really a big-picture thinker, and the world needs more people like you.
(water’s always cold there even in the summer)
xoxo
Chemtrailed sky behind you, Chelsea!
You're the best Chelsea
Did your little peepee i mean clitoris shrink in the cold water ? "MAN"ning ?

As cold as prison
So good to see out and about!
Anyone ever tell you that you resemble a man?
Summer is near! 
So, Andy, this is your neighborhood????  If so, lucky you!!!!
Not my neighborhood, but within reach whenever I want! 
It looks like you're freezing, sister.
I love the keffiyeh! #FreePalestine
You mean Trump right? Don't worry, Robert Mueller will make him pay for his crimes.
Months later and still NOTHING
Looks like you need to update your profile pic.
Love to see your smile Chelsea 
Too bad you did not go in water and meet a shark. Of course it would have spit you out. Shark don't like things that taste like liberal excrement. Or just like pretending to be female you could pretend to be a shark. Don't worry Obama would save ya again.
#TaxationIsTheft
Fun fact, California has such cool water because the current comes from Washington/Alaska
Sup dude, you’re a terrorist
My backyard!! 

#manningforsenate 
Go away.  Traitor.
Oh, get some new jokes.
Your Beautiful!!!!
P
Beautiful scenery.. and I love your outfit! 
It’s the California Current I think. Our water is always going to be cold.
Bradley should be in jail.
enjoy
Drop down to San Diego. You’d like it here.
East coast beaches are much nicer!
Hey thank you for visiting my city. Be careful out here you might fall in love with a Mexican American  (a Chicano) from the hood...lol
you got to have a wet suit since the Pacific is cold until September, not ankle numbing cold like the East coast in Winter but consistently cold. It's very deep.  Yeah, a wetsuit...and a Geiger counter.
Yes, our ocean is always cold... glad you came to visit, even if you didn't say hi to lil old me.
Well, Bradley, being out of prison does have its benefits.
Next time you come out checkout Artwalk in downtown LA
thanks for coming and talking to us at UCLA! it was very interesting and you really spoke from the heart 
Beautiful photo!
did you meet with David Alexander English?
Why do all these people lie to you??? You still look like a man!!
You're welcome now get off the stage! The show is over!
You should have visited San Quentin for 20+ years
glad you are having a nice time.
See you're in my old hood.
How are the popo there?  Did you fuck them?
This Is Our WINTER!...The Ocean is Always Cold!!
note the #chemtrail geoengineering seen in your photo is destroying our health and planet.

Does CFR control CIA? If not why was he there? 
Director Brennan Spoke at the #CFR
Remarks as Prepared for Delivery by Central Intelligence Agency Director John O. Brennan at the Council on Foreign Relations, Washington, DC…

#VERIFIED cia-website = #GeoEngineering #CHEMTRAIL #SAIprogram 

"the National Research Council estimates that a fully deployed SAI program would cost about $10 billion yearly." - https://www.cia.gov/news-information/speeches-testimony/2016-speeches-testimony/director-brennan-speaks-at-the-council-on-foreign-relations.html …
Welcome back to our fair State! :)
Try the Sunnin Bakery (not Café) in Westwood and Qin West right next to it (if you can handle spicy). They're super authentic Lebanese and Chinese food.
Your account of our beaches holds up: Gorgeous weather, CHILLY water! Glad you got to visit 

Seriously, you might enjoy Go! Mrs. Go! on NetFlix. There's a great Transgender girl in it with an intense story

Pretty
REMEMBER:  We the People are watching all you do, where you are, what you are
saying & to whom.  Just waiting for you to violate again, & you will because its just
the person you are.  GITMO is waiting, or another country might accept you.
You look great in that color!
I'm sorry we suck here
Whattttt, next time you are out I want to buy you a beer for everything you’ve done.
You are so pretty!
Come to Chicago and let me do your makeup pleaseeee! 
check out "south end" at the south end of abbott kinney if you like Italian food. Also make sure to visit all the walking streets and the canals!
Looking great!
Ooo what were you doing in LA?  Was Milo Yiannapolis throwing a party?
I tried so hard to come to your talk, but the ticket cost was too high for non-students. Do you know if it will be posted somewhere?? 
if you ever find yourself in northern california i'd love to meet up and say hi 
Yep California water is always freezing. Go to gulf coast or Florida for warm water!
I don't know what's more beautiful, you, or the sunset!

I agree! Both Finn and Chelsea were traitors to murderous empires! What's wrong with that? #starwars
Like you’re clothes
Have you been to Venice Beach Fla.? Water warm and clear.
fantastic outfit, love the keffiyeh. come back soon!! 
I live there and it would have been wonderful to shake your hand. Come back anytime!
Warm Pacific currents really don't go far enough north to reach California. And as the sun goes down the dampness near the coast always makes it feel colder, beach is worth it, enjoy.
im lov the scarf
Next time your in SoCal come on down to San Diego.
Don't touch the water here, it's basically poison.
Looking good
You look beautiful 
I hope you can visit Santa Barbara some day, our little trans family up here would love to meet you!!
Happy #IWD, wish you were my Senatorial candidate more and more by the day 
it's always cold over there and it's bad
You look lovely :)
West Coast is the Best Coast
Go visit Santa Ana. One of the most boring and deserted city in California XD
Welcome to the Best Coast!
The Pacific is cold. All year long.
Who is your fashion consultant...Cracker Barrel?
Well, Venice hardly defines LA but thanks for coming to our lovely city!
Try San Diego @xychelsea Lived here my entire life. It's a great city (America's Finest City). Lots to do see and eat.... #SanDiego
Lovely picture of you im in love 

Hey, uh, you know we're coming up on that there MD primary, still running?
so nice to see you happy 
Happy International Women's Day Chelsea! Keep up the good fight <3
This week had been the most warm in a while. Glad you enjoyed it
OMG you look great! I'm so jelly I want to be warm.
you've crossed over the west side
my brother saw you speak in LA and adored you, we spent like an hour texting about how inspirational you are in the realm of state violence <3 <3
Happy women’s day Chelsea!!!
Cuuute Chelsea ^^
Woohoo, vacation! 
You're a dude
He's a Nazi
