Journalist always bang the war drums. The left's anti war movement has been replaced with pronoun movement. I had hoped Obama would be different but he or anyone ever is.
dems destroyed the left

we here tho
Ok, so terrorists fake a chemical attack (or people with motives) and now #America #Nato and the #UK are going to have an all-out fight and slaughter thousands of innocent people just to flex their muscles. #Russia is saying; REALLY? Me too! Stupid #media are loving it.
You traitor sob. Go hop back in bed with Jane Fonda every time you open your mouth you show what is wrong with the youth of today. #traitor #manwithoutapenis #syria
bahaha
Sorry, we are all busy,  trying to figure out the rules of cricket,... A game those britishers play everywhere on this planet. 

True.
Guaranteed to trigger #Republicans and #Democrats alike. Truth hurts! 

#NoWarInSyria #Syria
You were 'complicit'. My bad, you are a traitor.
traitor 


Besides journalists have a lot of informations but for their submission of their journal won't tell the truth! #ReconnectJulian  #Freedomofpress 
Bradley, you’re a traitor. Your opinion on anything is worthless. Sit down and shut up.
Treason is good, actually.
overstating the obvious — as if they care; they are actors and stenographers getting paid to act like journalists on behalf of the MIC, puppets on a string, pimped
Bradley
that's your reply?! pathetic jason
You fit right in with the liberal party traitor. Scum like the rest of em
Come again when your intelligence level is higher than the room temperature.
Kick Putin aka Russia out of the platform got it! Without Russia veto the other warmonger Assad would have been kicked out of the platform 5 years ago!
DRAG EEEMMMMM
Says a coward that got real patriotic  men killed
Brilliant analysis.  Sports (brutal ones especially) are perhaps the bane of our culture ever rising to progressive values.  People who think in game playing often are also Darwinists---survival of the fittest and all that rot.
You are a know and convicted traitor
What's wrong with that?
Devil is born from the foam on the lips of an angel, who had started to fight for the holy and right matter.
Grigory Pomerants.
war is good ratings! CNN learned this in Gulf War I and all have learned the lesson.
Corporate journalists are part of the establishment (more like lapdogs or pets).

Thanks for your statement, we seem to be nonchalantly walking into the end of civilization while “hard hitting” journalists ramp up the fear and slander and bring us even closer to Armageddon.
Why would they take job advice from someone confused with their own genetic blueprint?
Seems you need to do your research. 
Gender dysphoria is quite simple to understand really.  Doesn’t require much research.
Apparently not?
Perhaps to you and others suffering from it.
Being trans is not a diagnosis, it isn’t anything you “suffer from”. Then why am I even surprised you don’t know that. #ignoramus
Denial
Thinking that because one is a dude one gets to tell other people how they feel and whether their minds are right is a well-known mental illness: look it up.
And you are brave. Thank you
If you hadn't sold out to wikileaks you might still be in the military and able to sabotage this attack on #Syria.
chelsea took money from Big Wikileaks
it was in a cloth sack with a dollar sign on the side i saw it
Yes!! Bombing Syrians & then banning them from entering the country is like locking people in a building & lighting it on fire! 

Launch of call and plan to drive out Trump/Pence regime: Tune in TONIGHT! 
Wednesday live on Periscope at 6:45 PM
Get them, tiger <3
I'm a journalist and following you, I think I'm not wrong.
Um, you're running for the U.S. Senate. How about you actually campaign if you're going to take money from people...
Chelsea can win because of her platform,but she's running a very messy senate campaign.
Not having a website?
Not meeting with all of your constituents in your home state?
Not canvassing?
Not starting a phonebank?
Ben Cardin will win the next election in a landslide again
I seriously want Chelsea to win and get endorsement from large progressive groups like DSA AND Justice Democrats for her to have a higher chances to win ,but she's not doing enough for her campaign. Cardin will 100% win in a landslide just like the last elections.
Syrian chemical attack wasnt Assad or the Russians. I doubt it. Must have been one of those done by the US and EU funded terrorists that always do this to prolong the war.
Sarah, I think Israel is behind it.
I agree. Maybe the "attack" in Britain too.
Yes MJK, you are right.
You're still a dude
and you still think a fictional character like Jesus is real, LOL.
Maybe part of journalism education is being brainwashed into thinking that foreign wars are just games.
You go girl. Let loose on them.
glad to have you back chelsea
