we can stop the endless wars - we need to dismantle the sprawling military/police/intel state piece by piece as soon as possible
what about those who are killed by chemical weapons?
what about bogus charges against Assad?
Are you saying the OPCW 2013 & 2017 reports are bogus?
uhhhh have u ever read the Syria Files I suggest u spend about 3 yrs doing so.
It's all about one thing
a chelsea tweet without emojis? blink twice if you're ok
WTF you mean the rest of us struggle and die. You ran
Interesting how we reshape our memories of facts to fit our opinions, instead of reshaping our opinions to fit the facts.
Chelsea is no coward.
No, he just committed Treason, which is worse than being a coward!
It makes more balls to disclose details of the atrocities committed by your fellow military knowing that it will land you in prison. Chelsea has bigger balls than you and she's a woman now.
You're still a dude
You list your cats on your bio but not your girlfriend or wife. Interesting.
I don't have any personal details on here, but nice try.
I know.
we don’t need Steve’s personal details, he lists cats and crypto-currency as his interests.
Hah!
Anyone who spends all day responding to tweets with “you’re still a dude”
It really doesn't take much time, but thanks bud.
LOUDER! 
But the weapons manufacturers (the US has 6 of the 9 most powerful) will keep trying to shut this message up...
well said. WMD's all over again.
It’s the money.Always the money. Defense related industries will always lobby and they will always win.
Go back to jail you turd
Did you mom catch you at the keyboard again when you were supposed to be in bed...?
I don’t think you understand the heroic work that she’s done. People are way too fixated on the fact it got into the hands of Osama Bin Laden which is the reason people say she was aiding the enemy. She wasn’t and the Pentagon admitted that nobody from the US died from her leaks.
Hey Chelsea, call me crazy, but how do we know this attack in Syria actually happened and was ordered by Assad? Seems to be a tactic.
OF COURSE Assad's going to use chemical weapons, and so bring the US into the war, just as he's about to win it!
Wake up, US. Netenyahu's playing you for credulous fools YET AGAIN.
Putin won it. Assad is just a Russian puppet. Russians want their Mediterranian base.
You should join us on @AJUpFront
one of my regulars thats in the Army came in today and told me he'd be going off to Syria soonish - broke my heart cause he's a really friendly guy. 

What can I do as a poor person with no tangible power to make change happen? The spirit is willing but the pockets are empty.
Not a good time for you to comment. You should remain grateful that your sentence was commuted. A commutation is not a pardon.
She shouldn’t have been jailed in the first place. What she did was a service to the American people and international community.
Oh the Tranny Traitor woke up, and he tweeted without emojis. You got this dude!
Average chelsea right wing critic reply:
Transphobic slur 
Something something traitor 
Misgendering 
Not actually responding to the tweet 
You'll fit right in
‘War is a Racket’ as I’m sure you’re aware. The US’s most-decorated soldier put it best way back then.
The traitors are the western intelligence agencies who aligned with jihadists and countries like #SaudiArabia to enact a coup de etat in #Syria . Western allies are funding and supplying jihadists!
#MiddleEast #WorldPoli #SaudiArabia #Russia #USpoli
Yes! Thank you @xychelsea // #antiwar #peace #syria #NoMoreWars
https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/nov/30/us-coalition-airstrikes-iraqi-syrian-civilians …
#Syria #USAWarCrimes #UKWarCrimes
Dededee
Seems you talk about yer own issues, hm?
You should have been shot for what you did
This is someone who feels the need to announce that he's "not a Russian bot" on his profile 
Well yea, as Twitter pritty much accused me as such, because I'm conservative
And that trash should have been executed for what he did, the fact that Obama commuted his sentence speaks volumes to Obama's true treasonous behavior.
I doubt it's just because you're a conservative, mate.
I think it might have something to do with the deliberately provocative way you talk to people ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Traitors deserve to be punished
Another perfect example.
Why do we care so much about Syria:
Syrians are being slaughtered. It is inhuman to ignore it.
I have White poppies for peace available for anyone who wants one :) I can mail it for free to anyone, anywhere in the world.  (While supplies last)
You died?
You are right
Are you suggesting that the chemical weapons strike didn’t happen?!!?
thank you  #nomorewar #notinmyname
amen, sister!!!!
Someone said these things back in 2013 but changed his mind. Is his stupid or pretends to be?
Obama must now start focusing on OUR COUNTRY, jobs, healthcare and all of our many problems. Forget Syria and make America great again!
No, he was grabbed by the balls by the deep state, and now has to obey their orders. Which is unfortunate, i had high hopes for him.
Deep state my ass, if he doesn't do anything that's his fault. As potus has the power to start or stop those unnecessary wars. Also some months ago he gave more power to intelligence agencies by letting them to access backdoors whenever they want.
Your logic works in a perfect world with a rule of democracy. In US today there is no democracy, only oligarchy/transnational corporations/banks controlling the government from behind the scenes. I hope Trump has enough sense to stop this madness, but I am not optimistic.
But dude he made an aggresive statement then he changed his mind and said that us and russia should fix the relationship.
...the rest of us...?  Well, Bradley, you aren't part of the "us". 1: you're a traitor.  2. You were never in combat.
Im gonna get a copypasted response to these because all of these responses make the same damn argument with repeated namecalling and transphobia
You should. That's the beauty of this. Bradley gets to spout whatever inane unicorn utopia crap he wants. I get to remind him he's a traitor who's cost taxpayers way more than he'll ever  contribute. You get to disagree with me. That's how this works.
A: stop deadnaming and misgendering
B: she leaked files she felt were immoral. If you dont want traitors, dont be horrible like that

Her name is Chelsea.

Stop laughing, your transphobia isnt a joke
Let's just stop funding it via taxes and all start using crypto
Aww go lay on your Back  !
She tells the truth because it paid to not put ones soul up for trade *is bob Dylan and Shakespeare, with ruff and a lyre* xoxo @couragefound
I didn't know you supported Dictators gassing children. Shame on you.
Examine Congress and find the number of Vets or parents of Vets. Rather miniscule!
If we have to defend against Russia that will be verrrry expensive because they are so remote. Cha ching.
Sellout.
Have you been to war Chelsea? No? Then don't say "we", cause you ain't done shit.
I know 
100 years. That’s how long ago we used to be able to say that chemical weapons were used in war. Now we get to tell our kids that people just like them die all the time because of it.
I mean candidly who cares about us. The issue is the US is a murderous imperialist country. Fascists don't want war because it affects US citizens. Leftists don't want war because it's a material act of oppression on the global south
We don't have to be alone in our outrage--we can take action. 30 minutes from now Live on Periscope -- 
@RefuseFascism will announce a call to action and plan for driving out this regime.
Watch here: https://www.pscp.tv/RefuseFascism  

Please spread the word!

#TrumpPenceMustGo
The truth is rising.
Last I checked using chemical weapons against people is not nothing
Getting involved is just going to make more of a clusterfuck though.
I get that you may think you’re being peaceful and respectful of human life, but in reality you are not.
Exactly. Thank you for exposing these endless war crimes.
Lol and they call themselves Americans!!!
How can you face a dictator who has killed thousands of his Poeple and destroyed Syria like it is his toy to do whatever he wants ! Can’t face terror and killing with words and philosophy
Chill school kids have see-through backpacks now. School shootings problem solved.
It is not going to change. And it's just sad.
The US has been going to wars many decades - and always on the ground of other people. 
Except for Pearl Harbor and 9/11, the american population has never experienced war inside their country, not even by wars started by US.
Hey did Julian trade the Kerry emails for you? They never did release the emails, but did have a deadman's key?
thank you @xychelsea  for keeping up the fight to stop war.  We do not need war
When you say "we" struggle and die, are you only talking about Americans? Because this feels like some libertarian chauvanist "not my tax dollars" bullshit
"sweet nothings"
Not can, unfortunately we're stuck with karma. The correct tense is *could have*!
I want to help with your campaign, but I cant really find a good resource online for it. Can you please direct me to how I can help?
Open the country to refugees. Give them freedom that way.
We can do better, indeed
We have to ask ourselves,
Who really gains ?
The 1%
We have always been in a war. Why is our U.S. military so bloated? They just don't stock up military weapons for nothing.  Those weapons will be used later on and this Syria controversy is the best evidence of that.
Get rid of your manhood yet?
“Stupid” was Obama’s objection to the Iraq War. You need a deeper, anti-imperialist analysis than just “stupid”.
How can we do it?
Agreed.
