Some positive thoughts for all the friends out there.
Just keep swimming, just keep swimming! 
Know that you are loved 

You ARE positive thoughts! Don't think it. Just live it.
you are wonderful and brave and so full of promise~ YOU ARE NECESSARY~ i hope you have a day worthy of being yours~ 
#wegotthis
Stay strong, you are valued and whole <3
The TERFs will never accept this.

The smell of coffee brewing mmmm
You are loved, Chelsea 
#TimePhoneHack
We are.
You’ve got this
Pizza!
i love you 
and never stop doing positive things
Reminded me of this 90's short movie, The Debt:
Sending you positive vibes. X
I'm always negative  but your tweets always gives me    optimism  
Thank you, however I probably will do the opposite....
Love yourself. Not like the sitting President of course but the real thing. 
You're still a dude
Thank you Chelsea
I always think positive thoughts when I'm thinking of you 
And fucking carry on
Please
Well, Bradley, I am positive you should still be in prison, but oh well.
Always do! Thinking negatively sooner or later is going to come around and bite you in the ass when you least expect it or want it! 
You are a dude
And let these positive thoughts guide positive actions
Or try no-thought for a while :)
Dont betray your comrades! Dont betray your comrades!

Stay strong boo! <3
Why? Some people are shit and happy thoughts do what good? I guess can do that so as to give one's patience a boost. Avoid slapping a mofo and catching some jail time. OK. I think happy thoughts of Senator Chelsea Manning then.
#1. Forget politics.
#2. Do, watch and listen to things that make you laugh.
#3. Look inward not outward. 
#4. Stand up for yourself first. 
#5. Think of a stress free life and pursue it.
We who survive thank you.
Go back to prison, go back to prison, is that positive enough?
PositiveMentalAttitude credit to @Jack_Septic_Eye
I'm positive I don't want Trump talking to North Korea. Close enough?
Hey @xychelsea? Can you bring up how the DNC and DCCC are funneling money to Hillary's SuperPac again? @HumanistReport just did a video on it, and it reeks of corruption. People need to know.
Sorry to hear you are still struggling Chelsea and very happy that you have good friends around you.

You paid a heavy price doing us all a great service, and I'm grateful that there are still people like you on this planet with me.

Take care. I wish the best for you :-)
Repent, and come to Jesus!
hey i'm trying
I saw your delete and thank you for the honesty.  You are one of the people I lok up to, and have been for a long time.  You did a higher duty and paid the price, what more could anyone offer their country.
Done and done.
