I hate white supremacists but it is absolutely not okay to attack people, regardless of their ideals. Victimizing people involved in these riots is the first step towards the abolition of common sense.
I agreed - let their arguments be destroyed by better arguments in the public arena. Shouting down, and attacking people for their opinion is what a fascist would do.
I'm not giving money to anyone who shows up anywhere with the intention of attacking people for having the audacity to speak their views regardless of how shit their views are.
Here's a Penny.

#MAGA
What was the reason for the arrests?
Antifa showed up and got violent as usual
Richard Spencer is a moron, but are you really asking for money to bail criminals out of prison?
GFY
Yeah, god forbid if you ever fulfilled a promise/yiur word. It's everyone else's job to pay for your own actions. I would say go work on the corner to make some money. But hell, even men have standards.
I would, but your suffering amuses me.  And I just bought pizza.
I’d just let him talk and then right after he talks have someone go through everything he said and fact check everything he says and make a fool out of him on camera so everyone can see. That’d do a lot more than just banning him.
Check must have got lost in the mail.
Next it'll be YOUR opinions that are censored
No need to stop speech - it'll bring more attention anyway. If ONE American's opinion is enough to bring the gov't down, let it fall, we can always get a new one :)
Hows that felony charge coming along #LooneyLacy ?

It's not too late for you to take the redpill.

#Qanon

#internetbillofrights
Perfect shot of Trumps "Q" hand gesture as he says "we've set the stage" , making the link to a Q post. 

https://twitter.com/LisaMei62/status/971899221208174597?ref_src=twcamp%5Ecopy%7Ctwsrc%5Eandroid%7Ctwgr%5Ecopy%7Ctwcon%5E7090%7Ctwterm%5E3 …
You mean communism won’t cover your bail money?  Color me shocked.  Off to the gulag for you, comrade.
Chelsea, don’t endorse this type of action. You’re better than this. There are other ways to defeat these Nazis and anarchy groups are not the way, they make it worse. It won’t help your chances to win against Ben Cardin in the primary election. Please reconsider.
If you can't do the time, don't do the crime. Fuck it, county ain't so bad...better than probation
