"I've been homeless, I've been to war, I've been to prison, I've seen the other side of government… and I am standing on the merit of my own positions, being that we should stop these systems, we should roll them back" - @xychelsea on running for U.S. Senate in Maryland
#DNlive
Go Chelsea Go! You are such a breath of fresh air! You give me hope for a better future! Keep Fighting! 
@xychelsea I just donated another $27 to your campaign! I feel like you are a voice for my generation.
Interesting quote BRADLEY, but people like you are the problem. Asshats in elected positions are the main problem but traitors like you is what is far worse for our country.
Her name is Chelsea.
Not quite... born with a dick makes you a dude. HE was born BRADLEY and will die BRADLEY no matter what HE calls HIMSELF. And, if HE considers HIMSELF a chick, Roseanne Barr is hotter.
Great interview, thank you.
patriots come in all configurations
The awful things humans do to one another.  Go @xychelsea , you are doing great and I hope you become a Senator.
"We don't need ICE!"
Stimmt!

Wir lieben USA!

Lasst uns deshalb Trumps Krieg gegen Venezuela stoppen!
Chelsea I hope you get a chance to come back to DemocracyNow as a guest to talk more about what is wrong with the nation. You have a very wise perspective.
Chelsea, your activist platform for Senator is absolutely incredible. Do everything you can to get voted in. I am blown away by what you want to achieve, it's a noble cause, it is the right thing to do … get rid of ICE, start closing prisons.
Guns and poison. Also read the book by Jim Marrs, Population Control, how corporate owners are killing us and a related book by Dr. Kevin Ford, Exposing the dangers and true motivations of Conventional Medicine, a summary of the most commonly misdiagnosed illnesses of modern..
Common but legal poisons are being used in war and in the general population.  Example: Agent Orange, a herbicide in Vietnam, and Round Up, a related herbicide on United States crops.  Jim Marrs and Dr. Ford's books go into more detail. Current US policy supports more toxins
Brilliant interview! Thank you Chelsea for your honesty and integrity. You are so brave.
Manning is really sick, mentally ill. No country would survive Manning's ideas. What brainwashing, feel bad for Manning. What happened during prison time? WTH happened? Really sick, sick, sick.
Have to say it ...
⬇︎
Excellent interview!
I totally agree Chelsea. 

Now if only Democracy Now would stop promoting regime change in Syria and assisting this whirring death machine.

That's right. We need to stop them. If you are guardian and protecter of our free world. We need your help. 
This is one of the best interviews I've seen in a long time!! LOVE her! Thank you Amy..... and thank you Chelsea.
Finally found the time to watch this. <3 U Chelsea!
Thanks for a very inspiring interview, Chelsea... Your participation at the Sanders Institute You tube channel Discussion page would be greatly appreciated. Universal health care needs to be pursued using Goal 3 of the 17 Sustainable Development Goals for 2030.
She has my vote
You were so great on @democracynow ! Looking forward to your book.
That's an ugly dude
Its nice to see that voices like yours are getting dimmer, quieter, because people are starting to realize how amazing chelsea is.
You sounded like a freak.
watched this and another recent interview of yours tonight. 
if ICE=legal 
then all American should go back to UK..
@xychelsea told @democracynow 6 times they would have to read "my book" when asked questions. Lots of dodging just to sell a book? Disappointing.
Wow, da hat aber jemand ordentlich Wut im Bauch. Go @xychelsea!
a few decades
As if they didn't talk more about your damn future . Instead they just disturbed you with the past. It not fun seeing the pain in your eyes when they ask the beat the dead horse questions.
Great interview! I love what Chelsea said about Oakland in Baltimore resembling military occupied nations. She’s right. We the people need to end this insanity.
Funny how people commenting on this are still pushing the exact narrative neo-nazis wanted them to believe and turning against someone who's proven to have the experience and attitude to actually fight neo-nazis. Always with a tinge of "not a woman," too
What role do your war criminal and white nationalist friends play in this vision ?
the ones she spends all her time fighting?
No, the ones she socializes with in order to drum up support for her baby killing pal from the prison law library.
god, these are the people we've attracted on the left
bye
Democracy now is a GANG FIGHT at the expense of the PUBLIC. http://Www.ethicsfirst.ca  ICBC CRIME
@xychelsea you are needed in our world. If you can stand on your own conscious and speak truth into our nation you'll have many supporters. Stay true.
What up DUDE??
Awwwww.... I guess you told me! 
I like how she hangs out with neo-nazis and rapists.
Chelsea destroyed her reputation and any chance of taking her campaign seriously after being caught partying with neo-Nazis. I don't hear anything else after I hear her name.
No one forced her to do an escape-room fun time experience with the alt-right
Then went to the alt-right gala. If she's that stupid to be conned into attending these events, she's too stupid to run for office as a Democrat.

We have a tale of two Johnson's, one being @BorisJohnson of the #cambridgeanalytica persuasion. The other is Johnson Ko, of state run television and national defence science and industry. Major backer of Emerdata. 
…
