Everybody has their right to their opinions. But your "Daughter" is still a Traitor and it does not matter what he cuts off or how he dresses, God made him a male, so her delusional mind will never alter that "Fact".
Of course you meant HIS delusional mind.... #BradleyManning
Certainly isn't, beer gut.
3 generations of men who sit down to pee...
Another fine example for the children of this country. Three grown men, dressing like women
& none of you would be asked
out. Even by the most drunken
person ....
They're legally female. do you respect the law? Or do you just respect nothing, since you're nothing but a disrespectful little prick. I'd be surprised if anyone asked you out without you offering a few thousand bucks first.
I love you @moviestar!
Darwin is proud of all of you "ladies".
Love this <3
Wait, Chelsea is your Granddaughter?!?! I guess awesomeness runs in the family.
Hell, yes! Fierce indeed + the finest of kin -- @ArmisteadMaupin’s notion of "logical family” resonates here with power and love. You go, ladies!!
Mental illness runs in your family?



Love seeing this!! You are all beautiful inside and out.
Well, I'm sure Bradley knocked something, but not likely out of the park.
Aren't you bored yet? How much hate do you have in you that you cant just accept Chelsea for who she is? Shes LEGALLY female! the LAW states she's female! a body does not define gender!
Laws can be corrupted because men and women become corrupt (sin). Lots of things like abortion on demand are legal; that does not mean they are right.
Bad genes
Um....
Yay Bard!!!
wow! Congrats 

<3 <3 <3
Love love love
Can you start some kind of cult/religion/party/manifesto/crime syndicate please? And let me join?
Generation of three beautiful ladies x
Is this talk on video anywhere (or will it be?)? Thanks.
 Lovely!
Wow, wonderful! Congrats on the new granddaughter Kate. 

What an awesome trio! Go team. xxx Sending love and hugs all around.
Beautiful.  Gives extra meaning to "we are family"!
Love you Auntie Kate!
