Hugs 
You're still a dude
And you're still a mouth breathing cousin diddler
Steve's not lying so why call him names
Oh my bad I didn't know Steve wasn't lying. I generally practice the notion of accepting the gender a person tells me they are. Chelsea says she's a woman, I respect that. I guess I'll be asking for your DNA sample otherwise I cannot trust that you are the gender you say you are.
I go by what God gave me
Why? Democracy Now has been coopted by the establishment...it recites CIA talking points and is all in on anti-Trumpism (i.e. attacking Trump on insubstantial, petty things).
Please. Do you really believe 45's NOT serving the #DeepState?
But when it comes to the use of force, yes Trump does have an itchy trigger finger. But they most likely see that as a liability more than a benefit. Instability is good only to a point for these people and Trump is a wild card they can hardly control.
Missed seeing your tweets
Good interview!
You spelled Treason Now wrong. 
#MemoirProject:Ch6,2000’s:
#IraqInvasion
#ChelseaManningHero #ChelseaManningPentagonPapers2
#PentagonPapers2ChelseaManning
And always will be a dude.
Ignorance is alive in 2018.  Get a grip @RobertW44232107
That turns you on, doesn't it Robert? 
Enjoyed your interview
Chelsea love u
I did listen to your interview... Fantastic!!!!
Good luck, I listen to DN from UK everyday x
Girl, you need to tweet more!
Watching you right now!!!
Karma always wins - there were better ways to do what you did -
You are a selfish individual.
And of course-when you are scared and need help - My brothers and sisters would be the one to show up to take care of you and your problems you cant take care of on your own..oh, and we won’t refer to you as a piece of genitalia...
I’m sure they’d be glad to help. I’m white.
There we go - ignorance...
Or I’ve paid attention over the years....
#Traitor enough said
Fantastic job!  Looking forward to your book.  Thanks for being amazing!
funny you'd choose democracy now, because hardly anyone is voting for you!
Finally got to hear ur interview, but I gotta say it was kinda bummer: “I’m going to talk about it in more detail in my book” come on, this self-promotion sucks...
Where are your Fashy, alt-right pals?
Great interview.
I'm guessing you don't get much support from the DNC?
I was glad to be able to hear from you directly, Chelsea!
What a courageous Soul you are....
Please keep on.....
I'd love to hear you on @HackerRadioShow !
I wrote you two letters while you were in prison. We live in a broken society Or righteousness is punished unjustly. Thank you for standing up and doing the right thing. You’re inspiring, and the world needs more people like you. Thank you, Chelsea.

Loved hearing you today. 
Good luck Chelsea!
And you could be prettier if you were a real girl
Love yourself every day believe in yourself every day you got this
I can barely wait to read your book
You should be “doing time”.
Your voice is amazing!
Are we done hanging out with white supremacists?
1. FYI: a lot of the replies blowing smoke up your ass are likely Kremlin Trolls. If you'd like to know how that can be said with some degree of certainty. Just ask.
2. Would you be interested in reading something on Remote Cultivation & Steering via Social media?
 cc @benimmo @chrizap @propornot @webradius @StevenLHall1 @selectedwisdom @RidT @john_sipher
great interview!! thank you for continuing to fight!!
Great job, Chelsea.  You're going to make an awesome Senator.
Keep dreaming
Kill it Chelsea
I can't wait to see you chelsea!!!! I love that show
Democracy is not a GANG FIGHT at the expense of the PUBLIC. http://Www.ilaw.site 
The video will be up there now, then.  I'll beetle right over and watch it.  Blessings, Chelsea!
Beautiful I missed you!!I couldn't see it.Late.
Awesome- can’t wait to listen!
You're a tool
A Socialist supporting the party who formed the KKK & who didn't want to abolish slavery? And still violates the law & is ignored? Lastle, KILLARY the Butcher of Bengazi running the DNC!
Looking forward for your book
You were fantastic!    I hope you can do interviews on @jimmy_dore ‘s show and on @LeeCamp’s show and on @TYTNetwork . #WeGotThis  Keep fighting. 
Yes Chelsea, those are the shows we all watch.
Dope.
Go get em' Brad! Show em how big your BALLS are!!!
amazing!!!! 

Love that podcast! @democracynow reports the #Truth. Good luck Chelsea! Stay #Fierce!
You go girl!
Please out up link when it becomes available!

"I've been homeless, I've been to war, I've been to prison, I've seen the other side of government… and I am standing on the merit of my own positions, being that we should stop these systems, we should roll them…
You were great! I can’t wait for the book:) Congratulations to you on your many freedoms. You’re an inspiration.
Traitor
Give Amy a hug for me
break a leg
Take away. Stop military system. If you can do it as a senator then we need to support you. It’s a must.
Oh look, Bradley is back. Can't wait for more of your keen sociopolitical insights. 
I'll be sure to miss, ta.
Welcome back - missed you!
We're cheering you on 
Good luck, Dearie!
you should do intercepted podcast too
So glad you are on DemocracyNow. What a wonderful surprise! Thank you so much for your voice and passion. 
where? tweet link please
Search for podcast.
Thanks for the warning.
That's great!
Please send Amy Goodman my appreciation, Thank You 
I saw.
Good morning, sunshine! 
say all the things.
