I wouldn’t even call it impendin. upon every legal triumph for black people there’s been an agreement in the government to criminalize black life indirectly. More like ongoing
agreed
Does the term Lunacy mean anything to you???  Ethnic cleansing????  Ridiculous
Oh, this is so ridiculous.  Illegals are illegal.  They are not immigrants.  They have no rights.  They need to follow the proper channels to become citizens. If they are caught in this country, they need to be deported.  End of story.
What do you suggest then?
Not indefinitely detaining people? Not infringing on basic human rights?
I meant, do you have any suggestions about how to stop the government from doing those things.
Have justices who don't pass this? Add an amendment to clear up any confusion?
If America ever needed sanctuary the whole goddamn world be right to turn us away.
These illegal aliens get shipped to the land of origin immediately. 
Them they can apply for a visa, register as an alien, learn English, have a skill that will benefit our country, enroll to become a citizen. Report to 
Immigration once a year. NOT?
say bye-bye
ICE internment is carried out extra-judicially 100 miles from every US border, meaning that ICE is fully capable of detaining and harming legal immigrants without worrying abt proving the illegality of the person's immigration.
Also, unless you were young in the 1920's, you had welfare. In fact, until the Reagan era, America's welfare was one of the most well-rounded and directly generous on Earth and definitely better than today's system. Maybe your father was just too bull headed to realize that
welfare would have helped him in the long run. 
Sure thing, let's bring all the muslims over. You do realize they will kill you.
you truly prove that transgenderism is a mental disorder
Having an opinion proves a medical disease? Why are you not a psychologist already? You should go ahead and do that.

Besides, if you find it so easy to disprove scientific consensus, then medical school should be a breeze.
The government's appeal was begun under the Obama administration, and continued after President Trump took office last year.
You are a funny guy
Stop the what!?
You're going in one hopefully
You re still a dude!  Don't care how you self identify!
Completely unrelated to the topic at hand. Also shes legally female so suck it.
Sorry, but DNA trumps legal!  Still  DUDE!
You're living in the past. the time of DNA defining who someone is is over. That only defines who someone was born as. people have the right to live as whatever gender they want. Besides, the fact that you're using this as a way to 'insult' chelsea is sad. SHE DOESNT CARE AT ALL.
Thing of the past. Lol. It's  how they identify bodies if needed, because it is so accurate.  Of course he doesn't care, he committed treason.  Today I self identify as a unicorn, doesn't actually make me a unicorn!  Duh!
God you're getting boring. You care about treason, which is a law related thing, yet when the law identifies chelsea as female, you ignore it? You cant have it both ways.
Yep.  One is against the law, and against country,  and the other is against laws of nature and just plain nasty!
This is a horrible loss... The 21st century Dred Scott case.
Enough with the hyperbole...
You are a traitor, and you can’t even figure whether your male or female.....please keep your opinions to yourself. It’s dangerous to society when morons actually listen to you.
There are no detention camps. They are in federal lockup awaiting deportation
Indefinitely, without trial, I might add.
that has been done before and it will be done again.... it is part of the new world order program..... it is what I have fought since 1974.  WE ARE ALL STARING DOWN A GUN BARREL... the wall is to keep us in and under control also... never forget that.
You are so alarmist it's adorable
Detention camps? Um, sorry Bradley, it's called incarceration. That's what it's called when you've broken the law and are awaiting adjudication on your case. Perhaps you remember?
Direct action at Supreme Court tomorrow 12 noon. #WalkToStayHome #DreamActNow
I was detained at JFK for about six hours without any explanation.  Lost connecting flights and swore that I will never go to the US again.
acab my friend
Ethnic cleansing is a gross exaggeration.

I hope you & your #Antifa #PussyHat #Resistance friends try to do something illegal to break illegal immigrants out of detention centers, just try it Chelsea. Make our day! Nothing would make me happier than seeing you in handcuffs going back to Federal Prison! 
No way that biased argument bears any resemblence to ethnocentricity. 
Dude was caught with drugs, plead down from GTA to joyriding?

No way that's like Bosnian Muslims, Armenians, Yazidis, or Jews who filled mass graves.
Get a grip. 
Respect the dead.
Go look up how after both the emancipation proclamation and the civil rights act, democrats and republicans compromised to criminalize black and immigrant life.
This is a terrifying development. I really hate being right.
WOULDN'T IT BE COOL IF TRUMP COULD TAKE BACK YOUR COMMUTED SENTENCE!  I'D LAUGH MY ASS OFF AS YOU HAVE A COMPLETE MELTDOWN
What are you going going to do about it? Storm the detention centers with your Pussy hat friends? 

They aren't Citizens & as such they have no U.S. Constitutional right to be here. They should have considered that before they illegally crossed the border. You lost, again!


Who would know more about Detention Camps? A Convict!!
Such histrionics and conflations are destructive Chelsea.  I thought you were more intelligent than this. Disappointed
I don't know why any immigrant would want to live in your country now.
A disgrace... The country of Liberty? Hah!
Seems to me that the growth of detention camps etc. is a legalish process, so I'd start with legal processes.
Laws are not the same as morality, and we have some pieces of shit making and enforcing them, that’s for sure.
#ImWithChelsea
Each day America is a little more like Nazi Germany.

√ Pre-emptive attack and occupation of other countries
√ Gov't surveillance of everyone
√ Uniformed thugs brutalize innocent people
√ Indefinite imprisonment without due process
√ Persecution & torture of whistle-blowers
You forgot "nationalize health care", "redistribution of wealth", "confiscation of firearms", and "general desire for socialist economic policies".
Something tells me we won't get the good stuff . . .
This is the right ruling.  No doubt.
Go on ahead and house a few illegal immigrant criminals and tell us how that works out for you
I live in a crime ridden sanctuary city. My grandparents were immigrants that came here LEGALLY. Say it with me LEGALLY. Apparently it’s you that needs to leave if you don’t agree with our laws
