Chelsea, that's laudable, but surely as a preliminary you have to get the exorbitant costs of health care in the US under control, or it'll just be financially impossible. How you plan to proceed?
defund and dismantle the military, police, and prisons
don’t forget closing prisons
He cant give a "straight" answer......
we all saw it Chelsea
oops
Do not learn lips service from senates. Do what you like. P2P communities is kissing politician goodbye by stigmergy way.
Can you do me a favour and reply to a more relevant tweet
It's not free it's tax payer funded.
This isn't hard kiddo.
Universal health care, Universal education, Universal basic income. Period.
Who's paying for it tho?
“Free” aka “What are taxes?”
“Free” #LOL
So what’s your plan, for when Judges decide it’s not cost effective to provide that healthcare and send the police to the hospital to prevent them from taking their loved one to another place that will provide the care?
Yeah, look how good it is helping Alfie in England.  Learn how healthcare works
Lots of armchair deficit hawks on this tweet. The reality is, if we can write a blank check any time we want to start an illegal war, we can afford to give everyone healthcare, full stop.
Yeah just look at the two babies in the UK and the VA, Obamacare to see how well that  works. It would bankrupt the Country and there would be worse healthcare than we have now. Don’t fall for the fairy tale of free
Isn't this the dude that got a court marshal? Yeah. I can see why he'd want to defund the military and prisons...
Universal healthcare. Except for sweet, disabled babes.  #FreeAlfieEvans
otherwise known as a system where the government decides whether you live or die. Look at what's happening in England right now.
This dude needs some meds!
So you trust the government that did corrupt shit and locked you up and mistreated you with your healthcare??!
Well said, Chelsea )
Everyone? Including Nazis?
Expect HUGE tax increases everyone!
And how is it paid for?
Shave like 1% off the military budget
Well, seeing as how we spend over 3 trillion dollars on Healthcare, 6 billion (one percent of military budget) won't even touch it... You're using your liberal logic
Okay I was being hyperbolic. UK spends 128 billion a year, American population is around 5 times the size of the UKs, so for a round figure say 650 billion a year. US gov already spends 527 billion a year, you need another 123 billion, so still only 20% of the military budget.
Says you... However, facts say otherwise. The figure is MUCH higher than the one you pulled out of thin air
Short term possibly, there would be the cost of the transition to consider. Long term, the figure would likely be lower due to economies of scale. Regardless, your choice is to continue being the best defended third world country, or to offer people basic human rights.
And you could've finished your enlistment first.
Sounds good until I lose 80% of my income to taxes
Bullshit. We have questions, like: How are you gonna pay the healthcare workers while demanding their services for free? Healthcare isn't free, never will be. That's life. That's reality.
Right... I recommend reading "Basic Economics" by Thomas Sowell before making Utopian promises.
No military?  I mean I joined right? Just because you got kicked out don't go hating it that's ANARCHY waiting to happen #CultLeader
You mean “free” for the freeloaders who pay no taxes. The people who actually contribute to society (taxpayers) are the ones who will end up paying for this so-called free health care. 
Freeloaders? Why are some people so ass hurt to help others? Regardless, You pay YOUR taxes & YOUR tax money goes to YOUR healthcare, et al. That is the plan. Lift one another up, be positive & compassionate. #empathy
That would be great if people didn’t take advantage of the system. But they ABSOLUTELY do. That is one of the biggest problems with socialism. Why should my labor pay for lazy people?

Free Shit 2018.
Oh sure, can we all have a free Lamborghini too while we're at it? 
Nope! 
love you queen 
UNIVERSAL healthcare!
Lol what
Weirdo Manning also gonna provide everyone a free house and money for life. Will abolish education system and offer FREE stuff to people with no way to pay it—will finally just announce for all Anericans to steal what they want
You mean the kind of “free” care #AlfieEvans is getting?
Also @StarvationBill pls. Thnx. Bye.

Hell yeah. This is a platform I can get behind
Stop saying it's free when it entails raising taxes for everyone. It's not free. It's payed in advance regardless of level of need.
You go girl, such bravery 
Bahhahahhhahah!!! 
yes, we need UHC.  desperately.  but invariably, the question will be posed to you: "but how will you PAY for it?"  you NEED to be able to answer--and the ONLY answer that they cannot refute, you need to #learnMMT to know.  and once you see, you simply cannot unsee...
This Canadian agrees!
Medicare for all. Why wait until you’re 65.
Nothing is free
YES!
So doctors/nurses have to work for free?
I got a question:  Where is that money going to come from?
How we going to fund it Bradley?
Any and all procedures? Or life sustaining only? Dental? Cosmetic? You got the idea but did you crunch the numbers?
Ask the parents of Charlie Gard or Alfie Evans if socialized healthcare worked for them. People need to depend LESS on the government to maintain individual freedoms and rights over themselves.
Hope you're doing well by the way 
Who doesn't want free healthcare? The problem is who's going to pay for it and will we get the best service provided? If we want universal healthcare then the sacrifice is taxation through the nose.. Healthcare will always be a tough subject especially when Big Pharma is involved
Look at it this way- most medical treatments & surgeries cost $$$$$, right? Pay higher taxes that cover universal healthcare (dental, eyes, medical, et al), then you don’t have to worry. 
I think paying teachers state tax money would be a lot cheaper than medical cost. Medicine is VERY expensive and I think your life is more important when you need open heart surgery than settling for a lower budget healthcare system. Again its a hard subject
Imo it should all be covered by taxes: education, medical, et al. I am originally from the States, resident in Canada (with Healthcare). In places like Iceland- all is taken care of- you do not have to worry about selling you house if your kids gets cancer. The thing (I think)
True but can America afford it though, that's the problem. If we had more liquidity from the top *hint hint nudge nudge* then all of our problems would be solved. I truly think healthcare is important but again its a burden on the 
Hell yeah. It’s the only moral stance.
#MedicareForAll #UniversalHealthcare
#SinglePayer 
@dsam4a
Moral my ass
What if someone deliberately lives a destructive lifestyle?

Every Progressive who is for this should start paying 99% of their income to the government now. #MakeThisHappen!
Okay there, Jeb

"Please clap"
Totally agree! Billions are given to have wars everywhere no questions asked but no healthcare? It’s immoral! 
What form, specifically? #MedicareForAll seems to be the most prevalent at the moment.
Only losers like that idea.
No questions asked? Sounds like something a totalitarian would say.
Where are you at in the polls?
That’s what’s up Chelsea
Well being for all 
