Blacks shooting blacks every day for Nikes is gun violence
And white people shooting white people for meth is also gun violence what's ur point
That blacks only seem to care when cops kill black criminals and not when blacks kill one another for shoes and drugs
Nah we care about both. But one is an intra-community issue meaning you, living outside of said community, have no reason to be aware of the effort being made to deal with it. If you're curious I can point you to some of those organizations tho
Hahahahha   Pathetic!!    Least you're honest with your These blacks killing ppl are dif than cops doing it  Haha  What a joke
Well generally if two problems have different solutions it's makes sense to tackle them differently. Every gang could disappear tomorrow and it wouldn't have saved the guy who got shot in his own backyard for holding up his cell phone
Yea well when you rob ppl and run from the cops that's what you get....wasnt like some upstanding citizen chillin in his backyard
He didn't rob anyone 
But the killing fields of Chicago are just a fluke.
Damn deray is laying it down! #truth
Tell it to your brother

Gun violence or any type of violence happens before the police get there
One might hope if there were be less guns on the street there would be less need for police to use theirs. But I'm not sure that would be the case across all communities in America.
In all fairness.These cops face people with more fire power than ever before because some people think that is their rights Cops never know what they will come up against.
I agree Keith. It's a hard-ass job to be a cop when there's 300 million guns in circulation. My only question is whether they treat all citizens the same when they encounter them. The evidence seems to point to the fact that they don't. If less guns would it be different?
So by your logic cops can’t really stop any type of gun violence, given the prevalence of guns on the streets,  except their own.
Whatcha think
Surely you meant 'police violence using guns is gun violence.'
What if they don't use a gun?
War is gun violence.

This is a cop in camo with a sniper rifle during the Ferguson demonstrations.

We should disarm this asshole. 
Dear cops, 
Just one request.
DO NOT USE YOUR LEGAL RIGHT(?!) TO KILL ME JUST CZ I "ABSROB THE LIGHT" AND YOU REFLECT IT. #Humanity #WednesdayWisdom
Don't break laws
Dear Police,

How can you end gun violence
if you are gun violence?

-us

 Thread of my favourite TV Shows  
(In no particular order)
Sorry, you 2... but it's done with fists, mace and batons too.
upon first glance of that data, it would seem chopping off the hands of anyone entering the police force would be the thing to do, but that would be unwise, as getting them hooked on masturbating to pornography would greatly reduce the amount of breeding they do.
Yes
YES IT IS
When will somebody start teaching youth how to behave if ever confronted by police? If that one major component were improved officer involved shootings would decrease substantially.
So clearly the only solution making sure they’re the only ones with guns.
Black violence is gun violence.
Indeed!
From the pulpit.
It is violence with a gun but it’s a different beast
YES IT IS POLICE MURDER US MORE THAN ANYONE OR THING N IT HAS TO STOP !
With Trump being the president I believe the police are even more embolden to kill unarmed people of color.
I’m sorry, Deray. We will keep working.
Go do the job then give an opinion
I own some guns. I hold to the second amendment. I believe that the second amendment is being abused by the NRA and its supporters. That said, I don't believe that all police violence is gun violence. They have plenty of other weapons at their disposal.
I agree they have other choices. They just choose not to use any of those other weapons when it comes to minorities. 

And they rarely shoot 1 time. It's always multiple - 6x, 20x, etc. They don't try to shoot to wound a person; they shoot to kill.
You've got no argument from me. Minorities lose their lives at the hands of ill-trained, racist thugs in uniforms. This is no slam against the law enforcement community as a whole; just some really bad apples that happen to take what's not theirs to take.
Popular ratification,  direct democracy
To all the ppl liking like but not retweeting, you’re not helping
Truth
Demilitarize, disarm and subject police to the same laws and restrictions at the same level of enforcement and prosecution as the remainder of the civilian population, I'll fully support gun restrictions being proposed, til then, not so much #copsRcivilians2 #notworriedbyfedgov
Cops who kill get 3 weeks off with pay! Looks like a vacation to me.
I second that motion!!
Unless they are choking you
Wtf how can you be so dull
YES.
@ChelseaClinton, it's not fair for you to comment or like such comments, since you have your own armed, private security firm, watching every move you make. Let's be real here...
ALL DAY. EVRY DAY. SADLY
And the only legit reason for citizens to need firepower.
Meanwhile blacks murder blacks at a rate equal to genocide and you say NOTHING
Police & "The Troops" - domestic &  & Military Gov/Enforcers - are the mjrty of gun/projectile/bomb/drone/etc violence worldwide. USGov versions are the greatest current contributor to death & destruction worldwide.
Protesters, call "an end to the government’s reign of terror."
+ Think deeper - Gov/State is always coercion-based via its Enforcers, domestic & military.
Do NOT enlist or join domestic policing agencies.…
No it’s just White Males...biggest contributors to violence, death, destruction, serial killing, etc @nikkied6
ALL GovEnforcers, both domestic & Military, keep the always coercion-based USGov/State in business & creating Harm. That along w/ the belief by the majority of ppl that a coercion-based system is necessary for social order. It's not, esp in this INet age.
http://www.twitlonger.com/show/n_1sqcjnl 
BLACK MEN BEWARE. That mean YOU.
Discussion today - how do we reconcile gun safety and police brutality when both plague communities of color?
yes it can be. no question.
In fairness, sometimes it is baton violence and choking violence, but in general yeah.
Exactly my thought.  It is usually  a gun, but sometimes it is choking a guy to death for selling loose cigarettes.
Say his name: #StephonClark
Period. Boom

As long as you have guns on the street, you'll have police shooting in the street
Chains 
Whips 
Brain washing
Erasing history 
Jim Crow
Assassination
Mass Incarceration
Chemical warfare 
Guns 

Are weapons of white supremacy!
It's worse because it happens with no consequences.
Not really
https://sandiegofreepress.org/2018/03/battling-the-death-penalty-with-james-baldwin/ …

#BREAKING As decision looms in holice killing of #AltonSterling today, an ARMED & DANGEROUS co-worker, #RobinDucote, from the same Department is seen in this NEW #VIDEO trying to fabricate evidence…

#BREAKING As We discuss the MURDER  of #AltonSterling today, let's Meet ARMED & DANGEROUS pig  #RobinDucote from the same Department. NEW #VIDEO reveals she likes to plant evidence & lie…
Even if no gun is involved????
And extrajudicial executions.
It's a human rights crisis is what it is. If people are just going about their business and just by confronting a police officer, anything that officer imagines based on his preconceived notions might be perceived as threat, they're lives are endangered by the presence of police.
The threshold for accidental killing by a police officer being considered a serious offense is FAR too high (could he imagine a gun? idk sure if it's dark out).  The threshold for what a POC can do to ensure their safety is nonexistent.
Thank u for pointing out the obvious!
I was thinking about how the police think cell phones are guns when black people have them, but somehow they see a cell phone when a white person is holding it. Weird.
When?

I'm not implying America has tens of thousands of Dylann Roofs in blue uniforms. That would be understating the problem.

Thursday- "F-- domestic terrorism; police included"
Friday-      "F-- domestic terrorism; police included"
#MarchForOurLives Saturday & Sunday:
"F--- domestic terrorism"…
It is also protecting the vulnerable from predators the vast majority of the time.

Louder for the folks in the back please
Right!
Asterisk

As long as they use a gun.  Sometimes, they just beat a dude, or leave someone to die in a cell
Some do it with batons fam
Agreed , I feel it's important to point out that the cops are still shooting POC Every day. That shouldn't be lost in our current political climate. 
Yes.
@deray 

Oh right and I suppose the 2nd Amendment needs to be repealled as well.  But does anyone ever talk about black on black violence?  Latino on Latino violence?  Oh wait wouldn't that qualify as a block war?  Or Gang Violence as well?
And a much larger problem than school shootings.
I'd say they're both equal.
Cops killed nearly 1000 people in 2017, 30 or so of them were unarmed black men. School shootings accounted for 16 deaths in the same year.
And racial violence
Late stage capitalism. If I was a billionaire I'd also want to confiscate the peasants pitchforks.
Are you The Real Deray? The black gay activist?
Would love to know your opinions about your fellow black gay nutbar @PARISDENNARD 
Or, as I call him....Paris Twattard.
So is white nationalist violence. Now drink up.
93% of all Blacks who are killed are killed by other Blacks.  But, the less than 1% who are killed by cops is what you consider the problem???  (P.S.  And most of the Blacks who are killed by cops, are justified in the situations where it occurred.  #FactsMatter)
That it is. (& we more likely get shot by them than anyone else)
We have more power than the police. #WeGotThis 
seriously, that is the BEST explanation for the murder of people of color by police
Repeated daily across USA!!
“@deray: 
Police violence is gun violence.”
What do you call black violence in the streets of Chicago Detroit Memphis Harlem South Bronx ?
 Oh, and your beautiful city of Baltimore?
Civilian violence and systemic violence require different approaches.
and domestic violence.
#BlackLivesMatter #BlueLivesKill

I was just thinking the same the other day. This issue needs to be included in the discussion of guns as well.
Whoever can't see the obvious militarization of the police department is either a victim of white supremacy or a white supremacist ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ #isaidwhatisaid
Police violence is gun violence.
If this is your opinion, and you still support gun control, don’t ever say you care about the black community. If blacks truly are marginalized the last thing you should want is for them to be disarmed.
How exactly will you go about ensuring those people don’t get guns?
big part of the problem, y'all see it as the solution as well as the problem
Use the word some not all. Are all nurses people killers?  All of anything doesn’t represent the bad players speaking as a nurse.
a gun = an explicit connotation of violence
Disarm people too.  People without badges are not immune from corruption
unfortunately until it dramatically effects white people, it wont be viewed as a problem...see: opioid epidemic...
But that's not even being handled well. It's just getting more attention. The US government is truly useless at helping its citizens. Not just slow. Truly useless
It's a feature not a bug. It doesn't have to be that way. The oligarchy that rules us wants us to think government is dysfunctional.  It is but only for the 99%. See how fast the rich got their tax cuts implemented.
That's what I said. Frames of perspective going on here
YES
Police violence is the State violence 2A fanatics say they fear--unless it targets PoC.
The militarization of our police forces, also need MAJOR reform. IMHO
This won Twitter with five words.
With a paid vacation.
Will they ever stop?
Art.
And sometimes choking violence. And sometimes driving erratically violence...
... sometimes tazing violence, sometimes tear gas violence...
Policing is violence.

