With major structural changes - meaning, a complete overhaul of our economic & political incentive system - yes, we would do better.  Without fundamental systemic change, we'll react to the existing environment according to our nature.
This is harder to do than anyone knows. To overhaul the economic system is extremely difficult.
I have no idea how to get it done. Technically, we could do a Moon-Landing style initiative, and make mincemeat out the engineering problems. But socially\politically - I'm with ya.
I'm glad you say so.. Because alot of people think it's unambiguous. The zeitgeist movement people especially, you would have to engineer industry to minimize labor and create an online system to calculate available labour and find a way to split it up between people.
Count me among the Zeitgeist people.  The biggest problem is resistance to change.  As far as what kind & level of software & automation will be needed to cross over, I neither agree nor disagree with your view.  I don't know.  What we have now, is unsustainable.
Thanks for a sincere reply. Many of the zeitgeist people go straight to criticism if you say anything bad about the movement itself, including Peter Joseph. I've had exchanges with many of them on Twitter and they're all really stubborn in their ways.
My pleasure.  There is definitely a cultish side to it.  But I think they are looking in the right direction, even if they don't have all the specific formulas.
The thing I really didn't like was peters attack on Jordan Peterson. I realize alot of people are threatened by Peterson's views. But alot of it is as hominem. They really won't debate him. He even says that social justice types won't debate him.
we have to
Speak for yourself homeboy....im doing great

Hey everyone, I think we should all support reality winner! Don’t forget about her please. @standbyreality @bjwinnerdavis
Chelsea is in a gag order so she's not allowed to talk about reality winner 
Hmm, didn’t know that. I just figured people following her would also be likely to help support reality.
I kinda feel bad about reality winner  thou cause it seems like people already forgotten her. I hope in the next election, the next democratic president release all of the whisteblowers 
Your 4 words of wisdom is a inspiration!  NOT !
i think you could do with being a little more specific
love you and your unwavering optimism and light, chelsea
We are doing better...thats why Trump is your president

agreed
Yes we can! We need to elect candidates like @xychelsea and @Hafner420. Both of us have been homeless, both of us have been behind bars for unjust reasons (my case was a mentally ill guy w history of false reports and police hid that info). Hafner for Congress, Manning for Senate
Much
I've got an idea of where we can start. This legislation would save 75 million lives over the next decade. 

https://www.pdf-archive.com/2018/01/25/a-bill-to-end-starvation/preview/page/1/ …
What have you done?
We have in the past anyway and if we survive, may again
Yes 
Yes, Chelsea,  we can & will do better.  We're holding this vision ♡
We cant do a whole lot worse
Why everyone believes the air strikes were successful.
What else? :-)
"We" aren't the problem.
mo betta ☻
And we will. I know it.
we've gotta
Glad youre back! <3
Yup vote @SenatorCardin
More bombings. 'Better' bombings. So say the 'Democrats'.
And repubs
Sure, we can .. question is .. do those who can make the big difference also "want" to? So there is my pessimism
we will if good people try harder. Its in the bag #forsure
we must.
always!
love me
The World wants Peace. Pass it along
Any suggestions??
Love your optimism
I really would like to get involved helping you campaign. What is the best way to get a hold of you?
TOR. browser, .onions and protonmail ma G
YES WE CAN
Can we tho?
