ICE wrongly arrested hundreds of US citizens: report http://hill.cm/cLxOJ5f  
Millions ????   Really , millions ? As in actual millions, not some random number chosen to agitate people ???
i had assumed millions was hyperbole, so i checked, and it's not actually far off. ICE arrested 300k in 2009 (the highest) and 110k in 2016 (the lowest), totally about 2 million since its inception.
So, technically true ( "almost" 2 "almost" allows one to add an "s" to million ) , yet that makes the situation even more disturbing - that many illegal aliens arrested by ICE, which is only a minute fraction of the total of illegals .
I didn't say almost, i said about. Unfortunately I can't get the exact numbers for every year, but my estimate is 2.1 million, ± 50,000

I don't get the impression you're disturbed by the 2 million arrests. And in what world is that a "minute" fraction?
USA population is ~326 million. That puts those arrests at 0.65% of the total USA population. What would you say qualifies as a "minute" fraction? 5%? Less? so undocumented immigrants would need to number 40 million or more for yr statement to be reasonable.
i really hope I don't have to convince you that arresting and deporting 40/327 (12%) of yr country's population is a BAD idea
Apparently, I DO have to convince you that a situation where 12% of a country's population are there illegally is a VERY bad condtion .
1) that's not a real situation

2) good luck finding any evidence that undocumented immigrants are bad for your country, cuz all the evidence that exists is to the opposite. they help the economy and they commit fewer crimes than american citizens
If they’re here illegally, they’re doing their jobs.
Ice agents r here illegally
hello 911
@xychelsea ah the article says “hundreds” not millions! And @thehill isn’t always reliable!
i think you missed her point. she's saying that every arrest ICE makes is wrong, citizen or no
ICE is the gestapo.
So you don’t believe in our country having no borders or immigration laws?
Easy for you to say. I’m a bricklayer who has to compete in a market where employers exploit cheap illegal immigrant labor at 1/2 the rate. My trade and most building trades have seen stagnant wages for over 20 years while inflation has diminished our buying power.
That's also because the majority of the people invading our nation are living on welfare while they work, so it subsiduzes them to take lower wages, as they maximize their incomes
100% true. 20 years ago bricklayers enjoyed a modest middle class lifestyle. The ruling class and cultural elite don’t give a damn about the working men and women in this country. That’s why we #MAGA
How dare they punish people who broke the law
I know some people think we should just get rid of ICE, but I disagree. We should get rid of the entire Department of Homeland Security. This bureaucratic structures hasn't stopped,terrorism. It just menaces immigrants and takes,pictures of airplane passengers privates.
How about we abolish you, traitor?
And the Feds wrongly released you
Not hundreds BUT MILLIONS? maybe a bit exaggerated to fit ur NARRATIVE
I am the only candidate in OR CD-3 DEM Primary who wants to disband the NSA, CIA, and of course ICE. Sunshine will melt ICE. http://www.EricHafner.com  Hafner for Congress OR, Manning for Senate MD!
Borders exist to keep People on so they can be exploited by international corporations
Girl I feel like I haven't seen you in your tweets in months your back or were you ever gone
Can’t wait for the lawsuits! Hope they can have access to legal assistance!
correction:we need to arrest ice
We coulda told them that!
If you don’t like America fly to  Venezuela  and stay there. Fitting for a traitor.
And what about all the millions of illegals they never arrest??

Correction, ICE rightfully arrested millions of ILLEGAL aliens.  You cannot pick and chose which laws you are going to follow that’s not how it works.
They really are the American Gestapo.
EVERYONE ICE has arrested was arrested wrongly
Are you sure about that
Even the name is spooky. "ICE" a supervilian could take that name. 
But if you made it "National Immigration and Customs Enforcement" it would be NICE.
I'll go even farther: ICE wrongly exists. #AbolishICE
Fuck @ICEgov
Let's not. Talk to the one who pardoned you first.
My friend today
We love and support you!
You get falsely arrested then it might as well be millions.
Correction: ICE enforced the law.
#buildthewall
Do you have any source whatsoever to support that false assertion?

wrongly?
