Rather than your prayers, I'd have preferred your up vote on the bill which would have kept an assault rifle out of his hands.
you have no right to express condolences. You have consistently blocked equality in WV (1)
Enough of your hypocritical "prayers."  You have blood on your hands.
You voted AGAINST denying guns to people on the terrorist list  Give back NRA Blood money and vote for gun laws to protect people
we all know you were key in blocking legislature prohibiting watchlisters from  buying assault weapons.
Thoughts and prayers don't work anymore.Ban assault weapons. YOU voted against bill denying weapons to people on terror list.
stop taking money from the NRA- until then, your prayers are useless
Republican attacks on LGBT right and refusal to regulate assault weapons has a predictable effect. Your prayers are hypocritical.
Please encourage the #wvlegis to support hate crimes protections for LGBT people in the state. #wvpol
I hope you are voted out of office for accepting bloody NRA. Praying you lose your seat.
Don't pray. DO SOMETHING! Blood is on your hands. How do you sleep at night? #GunViolencePrevention
praying for the LGBT community too sis? Or just Orlando?
@harto I'm glad that there are a lot of people taking action. Your video is very moving. Thank you.
what will u do about current loopholes in gun laws? U have the power to do more than pray & ur constituents expect &deserve that
$94,261 in expenditures from @NRA, so you voted against bill denying guns to people on terror list. Thanks for nothing!
stop praying and DO something about gun control.
Unthinkable acts happen because states like ours vote to allow people on the terrorist watch list to purchase assault rifles!!!
#EndGunViolence #EnoughIsEnough #NotOneMore #WheresTheBill
but isn't this kind of your fault considering you voted NO to blocking people on terror watchlist from buying firearms?
Shelley, keep your prayers - God isn't fixing this. That's your job! Do something to stop the gun violence!
Praying doesn't seem to be stopping these tragedies. What *actions* are you taking to stop gun violence and LGBTQ hatred?
You've got $100,000 worth of innocents' blood on your hands& it'll never wash off. Your prayers should begging God 4 forgiveness.
Unthinkable? Not when our politicians take @NRA blood money to buy their inaction. Nice work. #lawsnotprayers #doyourjob
$94,000 from the NRA & you are still praying for victims?
#nrawhores
Hypocrite. $94,261 worth of #bloodonyourhands
Shelly, this tweet received 32 likes. You're missing the mark.
Shame on you. Shame. Bought and paid for by the NRA. Whose side are you on? Time to decide. Remember, God knows your heart.
Shameful! You take NRA money, Senator. If this is an "unthinkable" consequence, you're not very bright. Do your job, protect us!
unthinkable? What's unthinkable is how u can vote to allow terrorist suspects access to assault weapons.
. You should be ashamed you prostituted your vote to NRA A bill that allows terrorist 2 buy guns.Yes by all means pray. Hypocrite
Blood on your hands.  Took NRA money and voted to give guns to terrorists. Your prayers are worthless.
Your praying isn't working ... why don't you stop cashing the NRA's checks instead?
Blood money!
given you couldn't even vote to prevent terrorism watch list from buying guns it seems prayers are all you have for gun victims.
Don't just pray for them. Do something!  Stand up to #EndGunViolenceNOW
NRA owns you!
We dont need your phony prayers Senator.  You've accepted almost $100,000 from the NRA so nuts like this guy could get an AR-15. @SenCapito
@lawrenceangbk @SenCapito
.@SenCapito Thoughts and prayers are easy. When will you stand up & protect Americans by saying #NotOneMore? #NoMoreExcuses #ShameOnCongress
seriously? You don't care you take money from nra. You have blood money congrats. Disgusting
.....it's not "unthinkable", the NRA owns you and you vote to allow people on FBI watch list to purchase guns.
all that NRA money won't pay for soap to wash out that damned spot
...and to ease your conscience, I'm sure. $94K in NRA blood money, how do you live with yourself?
More prayers. If that actually worked, we wouldn't have this problem. You do realize that, right? Think about it.
well, the important thing is to staunchly defend your constitutional right not to have to reload mid-massacre you vulture
.@SenCapito Your prayers. Wow, that's a big help. Take your conservative ideals and examine them closely. They are hateful and, stupid.
@SenCapito
Keep your prayers and your @NRA cash all to yourself. Hypocrite.
.@SenCapito Your prayers mean nothing. By taking $335K from NRA & voting against gun control, you're complicit in the #Orlando massacre.
gun control not prayers, stop taking $$ from NRA #GunWhore
the blood of all of those people are on your hands, I hope it was worth it
Too late for the praying. Stop sleeping with the NRA, that might help our country.
FIXED!
Praying for more  from the @NRA in the wake of this morning’s unthinkable act of violence.
Oh now you pray - did you pray when you got your money from NRA? Pitiful Hypocrit, you won't be re elected.
your $92k from @nra bought you 50 dead gays. $1880 each. How's that feel? May your guilt consume you! #blessyourheart
Your prayers are useless without gun control legislation. Faith without works is dead.
don't send prayers send your NRA blood money do your job pass gun control NOW #ENOUGH  #EndGunViolence
Do the Orlando community a favor and resign. #hypocrite
"Praying for the Orlando community in the wake of this morning's RECURRING act of violence." Stop praying. DO SOMETHING!
nice job voting for no limits to this on terror list for #guns was the $90k worth it #neglegence #voteherout
why are you praying? You took nearly $100K from the NRA to allow this to continue. This is your fault. DO SOMETHING.
You wanna help? Pledge you’ll stop taking money from the NRA.
you take money from an org that supports supplying guns to terrorists. you support supplying guns to terrorists. Shut up.
Pastors pray. Politicians make laws.
No one needs your prayers. They need your action. Go wash the blood off your hands, then DO YOUR JOB.
I guess $94,261 is worth more than the lives of 50+ civilians? Stop "praying" and do something about it, hypocrite.
https://youtu.be/1FLGEr1zJYo?t=45s …
you don't give a single fuck, and nobody's buying your bullshit
save your prayers. The NRA paid you to vote against terrorists getting guns. Way to go.
you should have voted for terrorists not being allowed to buy guns
how does the @NRA money you received help you deal with this pain senator?
Why do you take money from @NRA ?
how do you live with yourself where political donations from a business like NRA come before human life.Keep selling democracy
shame on you
fuck you
you hypocrite.
you have blood on your hands
get off your knees and do something for Christs sake
Easily thinkable thanks to you supporting easy gun access
Unlike most of us, you have the power to do more than thoughts and prayers. Will you?
Thanks for the sentiment. Now are you and your fellow Republicans going to laugh it up on the floor while voting against gun law
Repent NRA adolator
shut up
pray for yourself. Their blood is on your hands too.
94k?  That's an impressive hush payment to keep you quiet.
As long as u continue to accept money from the NRA and vote against gun reform you are the problem. Ur prayers are empty #enough
even though you think it was a puneeshment from Jesus he's self right sis?
think about what you could have done to prevent this.
Your prayers don't do any good. What are you actually going to do to stop these things from happening? #gunsensevoter
I pray you have the courage to actually do something about this for once.
return the money the @NRA sent you. Don't pray. Do something
Pray for your corrupted soul while you're at it, since the @NRA took ownership of it for the low price of $94,261.
then do something beyond the whims and wishes of the NRA
Cash your NRA check
You support Islamic Terrorism! You helped this psychopath being able to buy a gun.
prayers are for feckless politicians. #GunReformNOW is possible but requires courage.
you can't pickup just one end of a stick. #BloodonYourHands
how much did the NRA pay you for that tweet?
blood is on your hands. Stand up to the NRA.
your prayers are bullshit. Do something real for once
I hope you lose your job in November
This is on you and your votes.
We do not want your prayers. DO SOMETHING THAT MATTERS AND LEGISLATE
your existence is a bad joke
is it completely unthinkable? Was this act a surprise? Because I was not surprised this morning. You need to pay attention.
unthinkable is you watching these mass shootings happen but not doing anything to help prevent them #greed #outofsightoutofmind
your fault! #greedy
let's pray harder. Everytime this happens we pray and it happens again. So praying must work, right?
you only got $94,261 from the @NRA ? You should ask for more.
Hoping to see your prayer-tweet at the next mass shooting.
please pass common sense gun regulations supported by majority of Americans to end gun violence epidemic.
@SenCapito
hypocrite
Prayer is the least you can do. Literally, the least.
blood on your hands
#Hypocrite
Impressive that you can pray and stuff NRA money in your purse at the same time.
@SenCapito
Won't vote for constitution mandated SCOTUS nominee. Will to block legislation preventing suspected terrorist from buying gun.
maybe if you did more than pray #bloodonyourhands
yeah, you know what doesn't stop gun violence? Praying. Know what else? Not voting for gun control #bloodyhands #stopgunviolence
Murderer
RT @igorvolsky .@SenCapito go $94,261 in expenditures from @NRA, so she voted against bill denying guns to people on terror list
how's that NRA money feel now. Those 50 deaths are your fault.
pray all you want, you and the rest who support the NRA, have blood on your hands.  Shame on you, step up and take responsibility
prayers don't help, common sense does.  But, you'll pray and take the NRA money instead.
did you vote for the bill to stop terrorists from buying guns? No? Then shut up.
True prayer is compassionate ACTION. What will you actually DO about assault weapons?
Shame on you #guncontrol now
should send 50 personalized messages to each of the families whose blood drips from her hands.
don't pray now you got there blood all over your hands sis
https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=James+2:14-26 … Faith without deeds is meaningless.
why did you vote against the bill to keep guns out of the hands of terrorists?
