Sellout. How much is your vote worth?
Why won't you say how you will vote? You owe it to the people you represent.
Well now we know y she wouldn't say what her vote was gonna be. She knew she was going against the people in her state
Yup! Truly disgraceful that she voted to rip away people's healthcare instead of working towards insuring all Americans. Gross.
But you cast a "Yes" vote for the "skinny" McConnell plan. #HealthCareVote .  I hope you think it was worth it when the next election comes.
You will be toast after this healthcare vote. West Virginia would do better without a weasel in the senate
Shut Up, we know what you are!! You vote with money in your pocket just like Arch Moore!
Shame on you for your YES vote for the "skinny" repeal! #MedicareForAll
Go @realDonaldTrump ! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain !
Looks Like Senator McCain is the Hero , so Sad Shelley.  So Sad.  I know you think the Party will protect you but we remember. we remember.
If you vote for this (still unseen) bullshit bill, I will devote every day of the next 3 years to running you out of office.  What a joke.
Freeborn Man, I'm with you 110%
Maybe you don't understand--I don't care about ANY bill until Obamacare is repealed or repealed replaced!  Nothing else will b remembered.
Shelley cares more about doing what mitch orders her to, than to help wv
@SenJohnMcCain just gave you the greatest gift you're ever going to get in this job.
Vote to repeal Obamacare!  We deserve better!
You are a disappointment, Shelley. Caved to the thug-in-chief, ignorant bully @realDonaldTrump People will remember you let them down.
You tried & failed to pass the Skinny Bill! You care nothing for your constituents! I'll bet you try to screw Veterans next! #TheResistance
With the opioid epidemic in your state, you should be ashamed of your vote on the terrible healthcare bill.
Please please please please please! Save our family from losing our healthcare. Vote NO on any repeal of ACA! Fix the problems with the Dems
Red states like yours & rural areas in general pay way less in taxes than they get back in federal $. Blue states & cities pay for your meth
Vote no senator, the nation needs your courage now
@SenCapito I'm sad to see that you actively attempted to sell out your constituents HC for an 8 page 2 hour old bill with no CBO rating
Folks reminder her of this! She lied once and voted Yes on MTP when she said No
MORE: I will only vote to proceed to repeal legislation if I am confident there is a replacement plan that addresses my concerns.
No backbone...thank god for  women like @lisamurkowski and @SenatorCollins
Get off Federal Opioid treatment.  It won't work! Charge pharma $1/pill that they can't charge back to us.  It CAN'T be put on us.
Won't need infrastructure when your constituents all die because they don't have access to healthcare.
I have been in healthcare for 30 some years.  Doctors do not and will not participate with Obamacare! Repeal and replace!
And yet, you didn't keep your promise to protect our healthcare. We will remember last night's vote
You done you betrayed us. Doesn't matter what you do now. Ur a complete failure
Sad,u caved in the plane ride,hope ur constituents remember
Right on Shelly
.U caved re healthcare ur state would suffer bigly shame on u @realDonaldTrump
You lied to your constituents. You voted Yes on  bill. When ur country called you did not answer. We will remember this come election Day!
You turned your back on the people of WV.
McCain, Collins, Murkowski were heros tonight! You showed WV with a yes to Trumpcare when you said No before! WV remember this! Thanks John
Shame on you for abandoning the people of West Virginia.  You should resign after voting against the poor and sick of WV
Shame on you!
Shame on u
Thank u @SenJohnMcCain @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins they voted no on the skinnyrepeal killed it and u voted yes against your constituents
Vote NO on "skinny" repeal!! What irresponsible, sloppy, last minute legislation! This is not acceptable!
You voted Yes tonight. Now I will do my part and vote you out of office when the time comes.
YOU'RE HISTORY
Also supported a horrid "healthcare" bill. Your courage is astounding.
The Senator will have to do a lot to overcome her yes vote for "skinny repeal"
Beast

NO repeal of ACA, undemocratic & unethical process.  Vast majority want bipartisan ACA, not destruction of healthcare. People over politics!
$ for opioid epidemic will do nothing if people can't get healthcare. Please don't send this to untrustworthy House. Vote no and save lives.
#Capito
When insurance companies reinstate the maximum lifetime benefits that ACA protected us from, I & many others needing expensive...1/
...cancer treatment will be without medical care. Remember that, just as we will remember who stood with us and who didn't. #SaveTheACA
Vote No! Ur supposed 2 protect us. WV needs u, America needs you & deserves http://better.Country  over party!Do what's right.
@SenCapito  Shame! You allowed yourself to get bought off.  This is 1/6th of our budget and you just allowed yourself to be bribed.
Capito has sold out W. Virginia and has decided to give the rich a tax credit
@SenCapito , I sincerely hope you are prepared to take full responsibility for what you've done to the most vulnerable people in WV.
And totally caved on protecting health of your constituents.
She did not remember this and is going to be Yes! Just voted No to go to committee while WV sleeps! Disgraceful
Don't do this. You can still vote no.
Do NOT trust Ryan
You cannot take away healthcare from people like this at midnight
vote to repeal Obamacare. Save the lives of the working class.  The working-class matter.  Repeal or get voted out!
I can hardly believe tonight is even happening. Please vote with the sense of nation the Senate was created for. And we don't trust House.So
Vote NO on a bill that everyone agrees is horrible policy.  The spin that this is just gets us closer to a good bill is obvious bull.
Vote NO on this "skinny" bill...did you read the details that large employers will no longer be required to provide healthcare
American workers without healthcare...are you really okay with that
other details....15 million would lose coverage in 2018...what child's eyes will you look into to explain why they will have to die
Sen. Capito, I ask you consider Matthew 25, and heroin crisis in your state. So many vulnerable people need you to be courageous tonight--NO
Please don't say yes to this bill. Don't turn your back to Americans
#VoteNo #voteno this ridiculous #healthcare bill, Senator. Introduced 2 hrs before vote, no debate, no questions. 20% premium  1st year.
Please vote no on the health care bill. Raising premiums, hurting constituents, is not what you were elected to do. This is shameful.
I am a WV voter! Do not vote for this horrible skinny repeal! Put country before ideology and party! Save lives, work to fix -compromise!
Yes. Now please vote NO on the #SkinnyRepeal.
Voting for a bill that will hurt own people is the height of cynicism. The process stinks, the bill stinks
Funny how you announced you made up your mind on "skinny repeal" before it was even released
Please vote NO
No one trusts Ryan or McConnell further than we can throw them.
My husband has surgery scheduled. If we lose ACA -no hope
How can u do this ? Where is your sense of morality and justice #skinnyRepeal
Please vote no. This is about people, not numbers.
Please Senator, vote no!
Vote no for WV.......
Please tell me this appropriations bill wasn't your 30 pieces of silver for selling out WV. You were elected to serve people, not your party
 You weasel! Killing AMERICANS  to give more $ to billionaires and then posting this?!?! TRAITOR 
And murder 23 million +
How can you vote for a bill people don't want...... This will not lower health care costs.
Please don't be a part of this cowardly attempt to save face. If you were going to repeal, you should have had the courage to do it outright
Please vote No on the skinny bill it will be bad for families..... This is not want Americans want, thank you Air Force vet family
Sen Capito, you said you didn't come to Washington to hurt the people of WV.  Please, please, don't hurt them now--vote against this bill.
Yet if you vote to repeal #aca you will be killing those with opiod addictions. Hypocrite
Vote no to #SkinnyRepeal you can't trust Ryan and this bill only hurts people. Work for something better!

**SIREN EMOJI***
CBO score says 6 million people will lose EMPLOYER-PROVIDED insurance in 2018 (next year!) under Senate bill. 
If you're going to vote yes on this skinny bill, at least have the courage to say so BEFORE you vote.
The bill needs to do it's job which is to PROVIDE HEALTHCARE! Please vote no!
Vote to repeal and replace!!! Voters do not want #Obamacare
VOTE NO!!!!!
PLEASE VOTE NO
are you going to be responsible for 16 million people losing insurance??
u cannot vote yes. We need our healthcare. You have to know how terrifying this is. Who will save us?
Senator, PLEASE do what is right. This is the time to stand by your words. The "Skinny Repeal" does NOT protect us West Virginians. Vote NO.
Insane. The Senate GOP wrote a bill over lunch that they couldn't write in 7 years. Now they have 2 hrs to review a bill impacting millions.
JUST OUT: AMA calls Senate "Freedom" Act a "toxic prescription that would make matters worse."
Vote NO on the Skinny Bill, please!!!!!
You said you didn't go to Washington to hurt people. WV needs to vote NO on the Skinny Repeal! A yes vote will show that you don't care!
If you support this vote, we will remember & we will make sure you lose your seat. Vote no, save your constituents. Vote yes, lose yr seat.
Senator, protect West Virginians and the fight on #opioid epidemic, vote no on #SkinnyRepeal. #SaveOurCare
Vote no. Americans are begging you to vote no. Listen to us.
WV CALL NOW!!!
West Virginia: never forget how your Senator handled the most important vote of her career. https://twitter.com/bencjacobs/status/890741405789941760 …

.@SenCapito YOU HAVE THE FACTS ON THIS BILL DRAFTED TODAY & SCHEDULED FOR A VOTE TONIGHT. WILL YOU PROTECT OR HURT?
BREAKING: Official word from @USCBO - the "skinny" bill we'll vote on in an hour will cause 16M Americans to lose their health insurance

26 of 28 members who continued to support Bush's war did not return to their jobs after election.
#VoteNo on #SkinnyRepeal for the sake of all Americans please let the process reset with proper bipartisan committee and compromise. NO RUSH

@LindseyGrahamSC @SenJohnMcCain @JeffFlake @SenBobCorker @SenCapito @SenToomey @TomCottonAR @lisamurkowski  PEOPLES LIVES OVER POLITICS https://twitter.com/aarpadvocates/status/890761573270269952 …
No skinny
Your voicemail is full and you are about to make an important vote that could have a terrible effect on up to half of WV.  What gives?
You will make history tonight. Please stand with WV and all Americans. I am begging you.
Great. Now vote no on terrible heath "care" bill
Senator Capito, please, please vote no on the healthcare bill!! Please don't make us more sick and more scared than we already are!
Senator, please stand up for the people of West Virginia. You say you didn't come to the senate to hurt people-- this is your moment to act.
How will you vote in the Skinny Bill? Vote NO! Have can you vote for a bill you have not read? It will raise premiums!
What about healthcare?
No skinny Bill!
THANK YOU! Hope you're still in the Senate in 2021 when the Dems pass single-payer with 51 votes so you can tell us how bad the process is
Vote NO on the skeletal repeal!  This will hurt the American people!
1 week ago-she doesn't hurt people. Tonight what will she do? 16M lose care, Medicaid cuts-rate hikes. WVirginians 1st or Trump?
Now stand by the people of WV and fight for them, and for their health care. Vote no.
Paul Ryan is not to be trusted. No,No,No Just say no to help millions of people survive
Please please please vote no on skinny repeal. The whole country is in need of your help! #NoSkinnyRepeal
#VOTENO ON #SKINNYREPEAL. The end result will be the same, West Virginians WILL. DIE. if you punt this to the House. Don't be a murderer.
The way this vote is being handled is despicable. You should be ashamed. Please put your constituents before party, Senator.
 Preach girl
Infrastructure is great but FFS, DO NOT VOTE FOR THE REPEAL. IT WILL BE YOUR LEGACY
But you will take health care away from your constituents!!! Shameful!! You are a disgrace!!

Esp. for the Sasses and McCains and others who talk about fixing the Senate, fixing the republic, etc. Give me a break.
Why is it so important to save junkies and not vets or jobs.
Honey, don't forget your roots steeped in corruption
But you blew it on healthcare. Disgraceful.
I don't have money or political power all I can do is ask you to save my wife's life
Jesus, Senator. LISTEN TO @JoeManchinWV, do the right thing for your constituents. #VOTENO on #SKINNYREPEAL. Don't kill this man's wife.
Vote yes to repeal and no funds for baby killers
Vote no on this awful healthcare bill in the middle of the damn night tonight.
please be the 3rd "no" vote tonight. the health and well being of millions depends on your vote.
Great and you bailed on everyone with your vote on ACA. I thought you had a soul, guess not.
Boy, I do love it when politicians treat my healthcare like a big mystery. Is it Schrodinger's cat, or can we just assume a yes vote?
WE WON'T FORGET
Capito says she has made a decision on skinny repeal but won't say what it is until after the vote. We know that means Yes folks! WV call!
Your constituency is counting on you. Alaska counting on your common sense @SenMajLdr bill is bad for the America Ppl please VOTE NO thanks.
Lisa says hi.
If you vote Yes, you go down with the sinking ship and your constituents do too!
Please vote no on "skinny repeal". No legislative games with life and death issue! We need open committee hearings and process.
Vote no on the Skinny Repeal.  We count on you to pass real policies, not to pass the buck back to the house.
Please don't sign this bill. Millions will be hurt. Start over in regular order. We can all do better.
Sen Capito....VOTE NO...VOTE NO...VOTE NO...WVians will DIE.  Many will at least LOSE Healthcare.  VOTE NO...VOTE NO...@Sen_JoeManchin
Please vote no on the repeal of the ACA for the sake of your constituents.
Then why won't you support repeal of ACA. We need relief from ACA.
If she does come out against #SkinnyRepeal, she would be a hero who saved lives in her state. If not, she'd be killing her voters for tRump.
@SenCapito - please watch @mattbc video to understand- no cuts to #Medicaid #medi
Mike Pence thinks I was 'personally irresponsible' to get sick as a little kid. Does their cruelty know any limits? #SaveMedicaid 
The country will remember your vote. Not just your constituents. You have done an injustice to the conservatives.
Senator, keep your promise of 7 years to Repeal Obamacare that was sold to Americans on a bunch of lies, Keep Your Dr. Keep your Plan.
please vote No
But you did a turncoat act against us yesterday. And to your fellow republicans. Or should I have said democrats. Just asking?
Senator, West Virginia needs you. Please vote no. #SaveMeCapito #VoteNo
So sick of all these people begging for you to vote no. I owe IRS $900+ cause I refuse to take from others and insist on earning for myself
I guess you're not smart like trump
Been unemployed since 2015, scrapping on odd jobs. I owe because I refuse to get subsidize insurance. Way to go straight to the insults tho
If you're voting for the skinny bill, you're slashing the shit out of opioid care by raising premiums drastically and cutting care to mill+.
Stand up for us!Stand up for your colleagues who are being bullied. #NoSkinnyRepeal The same bad bill squeezed into a size 0 dress. Vote NO!
Spill it, Shelley. If you made a decision, stand by it and be honest with your constituents.
Great, now #FullRepeal
coward.
Lying leather face arch moore
And.......??????
How about voting against skinny repeal?  It's sad @SenateMajLdr won't allow creation of real legislation, that addresses real issues of ACA
and turned spineless jellyfish on obamacare.
AMA comes out against "skinny" repeal.
but not supporting meaningful health insurance reform.

So...where are we with a NO vote for the 'skinny' repeal #VoteNO Sen Capito!!! #ProtectOurCare
Nothing but your vote on healthcare is on anyone's mind tonight.  Will you stand with the vulnerable or cave to this insanity?
But the voting this week is on healthcare. Your people NEED ACA. Quit trying to take it away in this legislative travesty. #SkinnyRepeal
Focus, lady. You're about to vote for a bill that will literally kill people. What the hell is wrong with you?
And voted to KEEP OBAMACARE.
Please do what is right for the citizens of this country. Vote no!
VOTE NO
NO Senator. NO NO NO. Where is your compassion for WV and all of US?
Please vote No!
Thanks Senator Capito. Back to the issue at hand, please protect us by voting NO on #SkinnyRepeal .
LOL.
Congratulations. Twitter is working with you democrats to protect Obamacare by blocking and threatening conservatives.
