Does it read "I'm ashamed of myself"?
Think about how bad this bill was: @Sen_JoeManchin is far from a tree-hugging liberal and he was amongst the most vocal against this bill.
You were open that this bill would be bad for WV but voted for it anyway. That speaks volumes about how much you care about WV'ans.
Sadly, Trump intimidated you and you chose party over your constituents. It won't be forgotten. People deserve to be able to go to a doctor.
https://mobile.twitter.com/AbeMartin7/status/891481635610398720 …
You went back on your word. We will not forget. You cast a vote to hurt us. It's our turn next #2020
Just called @SenCapito to let her know that I'm extremely disappointed that she voted against the interests of #WestVirginia ns today.
Worth being very concerned over:
Here's some Russians in West Virginia. Nice set up to become Governor btw "I sold my coal mines to Russians and they ruined your life ..." 
Mrs sen Moore, I want to ask you how would you react if a therapist acted like a coin toss about affordable healthcare act vs politics !!!
Now on my end , I don't like the one sided part of blame game abuse vs Gop side, then I don't like the controling part of the Dems !!!!
Yes enjoy your last days in the Senate. I'm ashamed to be a republican anymore you will not get my vote
It is high time you #KeepThePromise #FullRepeal #FightForLiberty Get on with it or get out of the way.
Voted the party line as expected
https://mobile.twitter.com/AbeMartin7/status/891726808026144772 …
Replace the back stabbing seven, join to replace the liar's who betrayed the people on the repeal bill
Taxpayer Funded Health Care for Senators. But, vote to repeal and take ours? We need health care for ALL WV. Fix ACA please.
Just guessing: "I'm a total traitor. I really don't care in US don't have, can't buy, or use the H insurance we force them to buy. ". Close?
Full Repeal is what we were promised. Keep your word! #FullRepeal
http://www.wvgazettemail.com/gazette-editorials/20170728/gazette-editorial-when-the-party-called-sen-capito-fell-in-line …   You caved by the threats of a soon to be impeached potus.
Loyal Republicans are very disappointed that you can't seem to keep your promise of #FullRepeal. FIX IT!! #FightForLiberty
Vote this #closetdemocrat out of office ASAP
You came for people's health care last night, we're coming for your seat in 2020
What makes you people think you're entitled to my money to pay for your health insurance when I can't even afford to pay for mine
Your Career is over because you lied.
Didn't you PROMISE to #REPEALObamacare? NO trumpcare either! #FightForLiberty!
Stay out of our lives our business and our healthcare!
The promise for seven years was #FullRepeal.  Cruz' amendment would address your concerns.  You let us down big time.  Do better!
only voted for the skinny repeal not overall repeal
Way to sell us out!! #thisrinomustgo
Gonna enjoy watching you get voted out. #MAGA
Where were you when your fellow women senators had the guts to stand up for what is right?  You're disgusting.
A bipartisan approach to improve the ACA is the solution. Republicans have sabotaged the ACA enough. Trump will not benefit West Virginians.
You also said you didn't go to DC to hurt people and that wasn't true tonight. Who know what you sold us out for but we won't forget in 2020

good
You did vote for ACA repeal before. You hung your campaign on it. You have failed your state & American's. Poor leader. Coward. Liar.
I don't care about your damn statement you & other Republicans promised to repeal & replace Obamacare. Do something!!  You're hurting us all
The number of likes vs. the number AND CONTENT of replies is telling. Enjoy your last term. You've earned the #flip.
Here's my statement, lying to the people is a sure way to be voted out the next election.

May I steal this idea and also post this picture in response to disingenuous posts by traitor senators?
Girl, steal away. I grabbed the photo somewhere in last night's Twitter - Rama and don't even remember where!
Capito has got know that we won't forget how she voted on HC and Devos and rivers and streams. Capito has got to go in 2020.
You sold out. Senators Collins, Murkowski and McCain voted with the interest of the people in mind. You voted out of self interest.
U claim 2 b concerned about premiums rising yet vote FOR a bill that would have increased them nearly 20%.  Actions speak louder than words.
When the vote was cast, you could have done the right thing but you didn't. Shame on you.
You voted to take away insurance for 16 million Americans.  That's enough for me.  
No statement needed, YOU ARE OUT!
Your lying through your gop smile.
West Virginia, we know you are embarrassed with this corrupt person. Demand her resignation!

You get FREE healthcare for LIFE courtesy of the taxpayers. Now it's clear who you actually represent, and it's not the taxpayers. #shameful
What a flip-flop. From compassionate conservative, to heartless Trump minion in a week. Sad you sold your soul. WV'ians will never forget!
On the wrong side of history supporting a madman. This is not normal.
Back to original order.

This is doublespeak. Will give generous donations to your next opponent & expect your behavior will end your political career. Disgrace.
Hope you mean that you're ready to be bi-partisan and represent all of us. ACA was originally a conservative idea. It's not "horrible". Fix.
Very disappointed that Republicans in Congress were not prepared to lead on the health care issue. Embarrassing Fail.
How about this, Senator? Do a bipartisan fix of ACA. It is ridiculous to repeal entirely.
Shelley, look to Murkowski, McCain and Collins for courage.  "I didn't go to D.C. to hurt people"... what B.S.  Have a nice weekend.
West Virginians will remember next year at the ballot box. Shame on you for not having the courage to do the right thing.
The voters of the great state of West Virginia need to Repeal and Replace Shelly Moore Capito.  Voters need a patriot like John McCain
West Virginia is the biggest shit-hole in country...
You work for us not your bank account
How does it feel to be a Trump lackey? To sell out your constituents?
SHAME ON YOU!!
Learn from GOP women Collins and Murkowski what real courage and bravery is. You have none. All you have is cowardice.
Are you even the least bit embarrassed to have caved while your colleagues @lisamurkowski & @SenatorCollins stood up for their constituents?
She got her 30 pieces of silver.
@SenCapito when are you going to announce you are not running for reelection?
You stand ready to work on a bipartisan plan, but will you?
I disappointed, @SenCapito. I thought you would stand up for women's healthcare and those who need help. #Medicaid
U voted 4 bills that cut Medicaid &increased premiums: U lied to WV & the US when u said u couldn't vote 4 these bills & then U did:boo
Two words Senator Capito: SINGLE PAYER!
I hope you have many free days to consider how throwing your constituents' needs under the bus was a bad call.
No courage when the time came. Hopefully u&ure colleagues learned lesson 2nite frm Sen McCain wht the senate should b&Not bribed by lying PT
Capito capitulated
You voted for a plan that stripped insurance. Period. Point to one positive in what you voted for. Just one.
Nope.
#yourlastterm
Sorry, lady. Voters will remember your caving to Trump and your vote to endanger their health.
You looked the mothers of sick children in the eye, said you would protect them, and lied.
I can smell the flop sweat through my computer.  This bill was a lump of raccoon dung, and you chose party over country. We won't forget.
You're toast.

Fail!
There is nothing you can say... you are a blight on your constituents
You hurt people.  Stop letting Trump bully you. Go thank the senators from Alaska, Arizona and Maine for saving West Virginia.
Shame on you. Rest assured people will remember how you voted in next election.
I am sorely disappointed in any Republican that voted against the healthcare bill.
FULL repeal of the ACA now!! Replace it with the free market, not with more useless government intervention!!!
Senator Capito, you missed a wonderful opportunity to consider your constituents before party. You could have been our hero.
Once again, Shelley, you have failed America. And if you think your loyalty to the Party and Trump means anything, think Priebus & Sessions.
I am not pleased to say I voted for you. You just handed the Democrats a major Victory against the American People. No excuses please.
Thankful for the other 2 republican women in the senate whose votes couldn't be bought.
Why, why, why....what a disappointment to those in WV who needed you to stand up for them.
Hahahahaahahahah
Hope you can somehow regain your integrity after your vote. Keep fighting for the 1%.
YOU ARE A #RINO ...THE GOV'T SHOULD GET OUT OF THE HEALTHCARE BIZ  COMPLETELY.....GOV'T SCREWED UP HEALTHCARE AND CAN'T BE TRUSTED 2 FIX
Please show leadership like @lisamurkowski and @SenatorCollins and work to #RepairObamacare End @SenateMajLdr immoral sabotage.
You lied to America and we WILL remember.
How could you vote yes for the disaster Skinny Bill? It would've placed 16 million folks uninsured. Was released few hours prior to voting.
Thank God for Senators Collins, McCain and Murkowski. Those Senators did the right thing. They put their country and constituents first.
I have confidence that you will do the right thing for WV.  Don't believe 99% of what media says.
What a total disgrace.  2020 can't come soon enough. #RINO
She's done and Manchin.
I've voted for you every single time since the Humphries race.  Probably not again
Should've voted yes to let it go to conference
Starting to think you care more for opiod addicts than working people and small businesses.
I don't understand when a majority of people from your district wanted repeal and replace that you didn't do more to cause that to happen.
Your vote last night shows you lied when you didn't come to Washington to hurt people. #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer = people not profit.
You threw your constituents under the bus because you were afraid to stand up to that orange clown in the White House. Sad!
You had a real chance to be an American hero. You may never see another one like it.
We voted for u, and in the end u failed us. Thank God for those who did stand up for the people of this country.
Way to little way to late for you now to jump on board you were one of the 4 who voted no to repeal and lied to the people who put you there
You should not have voted to repeal & replace with a plan that was much worse & would have left many of without healthcare. Do what's right!
#Notyou
If you'd only held out & not caved, putting party before country & constituents, you'd have landed on the right side of history. #RepairACA
For SHAME.
Why couldn't you have stood your ground like these women! Ashamed of you-you LIED-2020 can't come soon enough
These two women are the real "mavericks" of the GOP health care vote http://huffp.st/2kg3O9t  
I'd be more convinced had you voted "No"
SHAME ON YOU!!!!!
You realized you were voting to let people die without affordable health care? Monster! Coward and liar who puts party before people. 
The people will vote u out!! Traitor.
Traitor of the American people. U will not be hurt by your decision bec your elite club opted out. U betrayed us & POTUS. SHAME
Once again @SenCapito shows true colors & where she stands. Party over country & the American people. Talks out of both sides of her mouth.
You chose party over the people of WV- Shame. We were so proud of you "not going to DC to hurt people" No more. We'll never forget, shame!
NOT YOU !!!
Why didn't you stand up for what is right for WV? Very very disappointed in you.
You did what was right for WV. We desperately need a change in our healthcare system. You have my support! Proud to call you my Senator!
Disappointed by the vote.
Hey Shel, where are all of your defenders?Was there no one from WV willing to pay a 20% increase in premiums or give up ins entirely? #felon
Booooooo
I don't know how you justify your vote. It had the potential to take healthcare away from many and raise premiums in the process.
Here is our statement. YOUR FIRED! You fools have the house, senate and the Presidency and you are blowing it for the American people.
Over 70% of Americans (72% ind) support a bipartisan fix to ACA, stop playing political football, and work with Dems to make things BETTER!
Now's your time for redemption. STOP SABOTAGING. Fund the CSR's/risk corridor/comps, provide a public option, work on bipartisan fixes.
"I did not come to Washington to hurt people" - did you go there to do much, much worse?
3 R Senators saved MILLIONS of Americans last night from death, woe, and sky-high med bills. Capito was not one of them, sadly.
Looking forward to unseating you!  Have a great day and enjoy your federal platinum health care, you hypocrite.
#FailureFriday #FailureTrump #trumpcaredead
You're forever linked 2 Trump & turtle & WV won't forget your vote against them. U could've vowed to work with Dems & still voted NO.
And now comes the damage control when you fail...   But then, you lost my vote a LONG time ago.
Coward.   You voted before for repeal when you knew Obama would veto.  RINO
But but rural broadband!!  Super idea. Give people more reason to not get a job. Sit around and play video games & watch porn faster all day
You caved. Had hoped you would have joined the ranks of the strong, principled women Collins, Murkowski - who will make a real mark!
It's a shame you were going to throw your constituents under the healthcare bus and didn't have the courage of Collins, Murkowski, & McCain
Thank god for the brave women of the the Senate and American hero McCain!
Your only concern was your party and Mitch McConnell. At least John McCain knew it was wrong and stood against it. Unlike you! #Shame
no he was just grandstanding, he wanted to stir sh$t.
Coward!
Capito is a liar just like Trump. She did what she promised (in writing no less) she wouldn't do - just days ago!!! 
You betrayed your constituents in favor of rich donors. How does that feel? We will remember!
You sold out
I hope you find solace in your 30
Pieces of silver. Voting yes knowing the bill WASNT going to pass  will be your legacy.
This is disappointing. You let your people down and we won't forget it.
Senators Murkowski, Collins and McCain have courage.  You are a profile in cowardice.  When is your next town hall meeting?  Never.
Shame on you.  You put party above the people of West Virginia.
Flip flop,flip flop,hope you are searching for new job!
Time for you to go back to WV for good! #RINOS
Can't wait to do justice and vote you out!!! Your crooked family ways have ruined our beautiful state. Your name is tarnished. Thanks arch!
Where was the "replace" section of the 8 page bill? "Skinny repeal" was just repeal not replace.
What the hell were you thinking voting yes to denying millions healthcare coverage?  And here I was thinking you were a reasonable person.
Shameful. Immoral. Unprincipled.
Encourage everyone to call from WV and thank Murkowski, McCain, and  Collins for their  no vote . Country before party!
Shelley, how do you sleep at night?You yourself said you didn't go to D.C. To hurt people. Show some backbone. I am very disappointed in you
You need a backbone to govern.  #SelfInterest seems to be your goal.
The ACA is the worst law to EVER pass congress. It cost me 10K that I couldn't afford, then I couldn't afford the deductibles to use it.
Shameful!!
Calling these Senators today to thank them for putting #CountryOverParty 
McCain-202-224-2235
Murkowski-202-224-6665
Collins-202-224-2523
If there was doubt as to your loyalty, that is over now. Party over people. You will never be trusted again. Shame.
Your statement was your vote. You've shown yourself to be devoid of courage that Collins and Murkowski have in spades.
Your vote last night to kick 16 million off healthcare will be remembered. You can't hide from this one.
