No, it comes from taxes on people who earn over $200,000 /yr
False. Your premiums pay for your expected risk. That's how insurance works. Subsidies come from the gov. (Aka taxes)

A list of remaining patriots in the the GOP. Gracias! 
They arent republicans. Sorry.
I'm not!
Vote this democrat out
She's a republican
She's a closet Democrat
Don't try to pawn her off on us.  She's a republican, just like her crooked dad and her no account son.
Seriously we will pay you to let her go to the Democratic 
At least energy is clean teenagers can't follow current events #racistgop this is disturbing
Please don't fall for the drop in the bucket funding McConnell is promising you for the opioid crisis. Millions will lose HC.
vote NO today on the skinny bill
Who needs clean energy after they die because they didn't have access to healthcare?
Once you vote for this, you own it. You will own premium rate hikes, the insurance losses. The job losses. You're a public servant, serve WV
She's an arrogant  self serving liar.

Know what you are voting on.  Vote yes and a country could lose the only health plan we ever had.
Why don't you just go on your vacation and face the voters at townhalls. Your doing nothing but lying.

Once a corrupt lying swamp monster always one. She is so corrupt.
WV needs to vote out this cowardly lying hypocrite.

UPDATE FOR CALLS: skinny now includes "1332 waivers." DC speak for letting states waive essential health benefits. Aka insurance gets worse. https://twitter.com/caitlinnowens/status/890595703885635584 …
Wait until it's time 4 re-election Shelley bc u will pay 4 your shit vote against repeal. You ran on repeal. Shelley is a dried up old LIAR

Every Medical Org against @SenateGOP Bill(s). Per @ACSCAN 
Plenty of clean energy opportunities in WV. Rooftop solar being the easiest and cheapest. #solar #jobs
Won't erase the corruption of your family
Please read
"Skinny repeal” would unravel the individual market, exacerbate affordability issues critics are trying to address. http://spr.ly/60108s7vQ  
Predicting you will be voted from office in 2018 you ran on repeal of Obamacare then voted no so you and all fake republicans must go
You seem to forget the people who got you elected. Don't expect to get reelected
Nope she's a lying fraud.
Are you smiling because you stuck a knife in our back. You promised to repeal obamacare, you lied to us RINO. You are the swamp/Sewer.
This LIAR ran on repeal & won LYING 2 the voters. This evil liar made gov controlled aka Charlie Gaurd HC our future. Replace this LIAR.
We will vote u out!   We want Trumps agenda, not yours.  Not a team player.  How much of the Medicaid extension does your state benefit?
Slightly over 30% of WV residents receive Medicaid.
Why even pretend your undecided on the "skinny repeal".  You have been bought off. This is death to real healthcare by slow torture. Faker.
Enjoy what little time left that you will be a senator
Please please be a principals strong woman today in the face of corrupt back room dealings with healthcare. Millions of Americans thank you.
It's easy to smile when you have comprehensive tax payer covered health care. To bad you don't think ALL Americans deserve it.
Not in my constitution !
Why did you vote no today ???!!
Please Vote NO on repealing or repealing/replacing #ACA  Choose #American citizens instead of #Trump & the wealthy. Our People first #GOP
Oh your delicious hypocrisy.  30 pieces of silver to you if I may just taste your disdain for the common person for only a moment...
#traitor you promised to repeal Obamacare
Repealing AHCA-ObamaCare was the single biggest thing you could have done to help WV and the USA. You vote with the Dems!!! NO to U 2020!!
And then voted against repeal. What a joke!  VOTE HER OUT!!! SHE'S A PHONY!!
Keep taking those photo ops..LIAR! Smile BIG while YOU stab us in the BACK! REPEAL THE O'care NIGHTMARE!
Thank you for voting No on Repeal!  Stay strong!  You are a hero to me and millions of Americans! Thank you for putting people before party!
Such a disappointment! You should have killed the bill yesterday. It was your vote that allowed debate! Any bill passed now is on YOU!
You LIED for six months saying you would defend Medicaid.
But you didn't do the one thing that mattered repeal Obamacare
I have family in WV that will be DECIMATED if you vote for the "Skinny Repeal". They will die. Please vote no on the Skinny Repeal.
PLEASE don't cave to KOCH's and PAC's.  Our lives and health our important. Need a better fix, NOT 1% giveaways.
Liar liar pants on fire 
Get out of my party morons!

Bipartisan governors write to @SenateMajLdr & @SenSchumer urging the Senate to reject "skinny" repeal bill.  
You will be voted out  RHINO
Well, you lack of a moral compass and attempts to promise everything and deliver nothing has caught up.  You have everybody mad!
Had enough with this state. Tired of being last. Thanks for letting us down. My dad was right. We should have never come back.
Join the Democrats because you have failed to repeal Obamacare. You are a lousy Republican who cannot get anything done
Also voted to repeal and Replace the ACA with a terrible bill
Over 70% of Americans want a bipartisan fix to ACA, including 72% of independents.  STOP PLAYING POLITICAL FOOTBALL w/ our lives!
You voted NO on ACH repeal!! Would have 2 years to replace. You voted yes 2015. I vote NO for you 2020!!!!  RINO!! So Sad!!!
I'm sorry, Liar. I can't hear you through your lies.
Their only concerns are the money from lobbists! S Moore Capito, S Collins, D Heller, R Portman, L Alexander, Lisa Murkowski, & John McCain!
"the very fake 7"
But you voted to keep Obamacare!?!?!?!
No on skinny repeal! No, no, no!  Please.

Dems got CBO to estimate impact of GOP “skinny repeal” bill.

One takeaway: Uninsured would go from 26M next…
https://twitter.com/senatedems/status/885533596676763649 …
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Police Chief Probst (Star City): Medicaid cuts will force West Virginians to wait for opioid treatment. “That’s not going to help anybody” 

#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Police Chief of Star City, WV (pop: ~2,000): Programs to fight the opioid addiction depend on Medicaid. Cuts would mean less help. 
Resign.
Using your own words they are YOUR children so they are YOUR Responsibility just thought I would make that fact. Very insensitive
Lied lied lied to West Virginia in 2015 you voted for repeal hid under Obama
Just lost my vote. Traitor to gop and taxpayers
Thank you for your NO today. Keep saying NO! The American Medical Association tells you to vote NO too.
Vote for skinny repeal and we will vote you out. Or will just flip the house and senate. Your choice. Thanks for fucking WV.

#Pennsylvania thanks you #SaveOurHealthcare #SaveACA
VOTE for your constituents on health care. Senator. Keep standing up for W Va!
Clean energy is a pienin n the sky or we would have the technology now. Do something about health care instead.
Defend Medicaid LIKE YOU SAID YOU WOULD.
Blue Cross WV: 'Skinny' repeal will destroy state individual insurance market, cause thousands to lose care, premiums to rise. Vote NO.
No amount of lipstick is going to dress up these piggy plans so far.  VOTE NO and STAND WITH US for something better!
Pathetic
Good  job

Now how 'bout the *skinny* repeal bill? @USCBO says 16M lose covg & premiums go 20% Wouldn't U say that *hurts* people?
Way more than that are going to lose their coverage with obamacare.  Perhaps they already have.  It's collapsing, which was the intent
How many?
Just stop, you're hurting Americans! Resign. If not, at least admit you're a socialist, leftist, masquerading as a conservative
To bad she isn't for reelection until 2020.
What a major disappointment!!!!!!! You let down the American People voting against the Repeal! We will remember!!!!!!!!!
https://twitter.com/aslavitt/status/889189034446254081 …
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
5- in West Virginia, @SenCapito, do you really think someone makin$25k wants to pay 4x what they pay today? How is that good? 
You betrayed your state and your country.
You lied to us again.
She did it because WV has some of the highest rates of opioid addiction in the country. Getting rid of ACA would hurt her constituents.
My whole family lives there ACA is killing them
Again, repeal isn't going to be the solution. We need a public option or people in West Virginia will literally die. It's the solution
Delete your account, traitor.
do your job on #healthcare stop the flip-flopping  time to repeal vote yes today
Disappointed in your lack of spine to repeal ACA. You are not a conservative and shouldn't represent yourself as such.

We think this speaks for itself. We & 27 other orgs came together to ask Senate to vote NO on the health bill #KeepUsCovered 
Senator - MILLIONS of Americans are counting on YOU to make their lives better, not worse.  VOTE NO on skinny repeal!
Brian.  You are standing next to a coward.
200 billion is an inadequate kick in and NO JUSTIFICATION FOR GUTTING MEDICAID.  VOTE NO on skinny repeal plans!
Played on high school golf team with him. Super guy!!!
You lied to us to keep your seat... You voted to repeal in 2015.
You are a fraud, not to be trusted.
We will not forget this.
No more RINOS.
She could vote for repeal in 2015 because West Virginians hadn't noticed Obamacare was helping yet. I
Your losing voters
EMPTY TALK AND LIES.
I hope they brought up #LENR
Will you vote to bankrupt your constituents?
GOP health-care bill millions will be in dire financial straits,
vote with your party or switch ..you cant have it both ways
Help ppl w/opioid issues &ppl w/chronic illness Annual caps = loss of employer ins, risk pools &bankrptcy. Be responsible &improve #ACA #CBO
