.@SenateMajLdr is uniquely qualified to lead Senate GOP, look forward to continuing to work with him to advance policies that benefit WV
Seriously?  His lack of leadership and you voting against Obamacare  repeal is the reason we still have this mess. 2020!
Let's do it!
HeyShelly, watch what happens in 2018. If you think your job is safe in 2020, you are wrong! We are coming after U & your anti-Trump buds!!
I thought we all were. We wouldn't know it by the way the Senate is dead bent on not delivering anything.
Great. Actively demand Steve Bannon and Steven Miller be removed from the White House. That's a start.
EVERY Senator should be doing that for their state & get on board with our POTUS & his agenda! Not doing so will cost them their positions!
That's nice. Would you please answer the question. Why did you vote to end thousands of WV health insurance? #stillwaiting
grow legal pot. free comm. college. manuf clean energy. satellite web. single payer.
And who is going to pay for all that?
its all about priorities
Focus on finding a new job. Come 2020 you're done
Funds   For Drugs are being provided  See help used for the  WV people affected not in wrong pockets Ty
https://twitter.com/PiercedSkull/status/897578330798657537 …
Yes senator but please do not forget about repealing Obamacare this is hurting West Virginia is also
Simple solution: Tax EVERY1 seven% Cut Congress salaries by 50% (u will STILL make close to an undeserved 100K/yr). 
Gee that IS simple
Like seriously 
Wild though
But you voted to repeal not fix ACA which contradicts what you just asserted. #actionsSpeakLouderthanWords #wv @Appalachia100
Senator, proposed tax breaks will not help middle class, only business. Please give me one instance where trickle down economics have helped

The tax code needs to be fixed for families & small businesses. But GOP is looking to cut taxes for rich corporations and people.
What about your very incompetent leader who is bringing us to the brink of War?
I am so disappointed with our congr. leaders.  We chose our President, but our leaders on the Rep. side our intent on seeing his demise.
And doing what ever trump says
In other words, you're supporting tax cuts for millionaires, while screwing everyone else in WV.
what about voting for tens of thousands in WV to lose the single greatest economic protector against bankruptcy? #Medicaid
It would be great if you could somehow start a program training West Virginians to work in the solar power industry.
then get onboard the Trump train !!!!!!
Then how about leading in passing the Trump agenda instead of smoke and mirrors? As a constituent I see your shenanigans
Sure. 
You better be focused on the mad man in the White House!!!!
If everybody got to keep the first 10k untaxed and raise the cut off on Soc sec you could boost everybody
You are doing a great job. Got my vote for as long as you want to serve
All the republicans were toned to same ringing tone for tax reform and sent to the field to sell it.
It's hard to focus with you eyes closed.
then give them (us) a hand up not a hand out. A bankrupt Nation's check isn't worth much.
Great! No tax cuts for top 2% & big corps. Close loopholes so they pay fair share. Use that $$ for safety net programs for seniors, disabled
Wow , vote against the ACA. That way FULL time jobs might come back.
And screwing over small business with Obamacare.... vote her out
truly small businesses don't have any other tax code problems. ACA taxes for 50+ employees. That's not small.
How will the tax code change for small businesses? They pay own ss/med. That's the only diff. & they must have it. This is lip svc because
Better economic opportunities would have been created by repealing Obamacare because you reduce regulations, mandates and taxes. LIARS!!!
I don't know if you're a Democrat or Republican but if you're a Democrat all you know is how the tax-and-spend
Quit putting the tax burden of corporations on the employees. That does not work!
You better mean you will vote for corporate tax cuts Or you are gone
Now your helping law abiding WV citizens. Good job
And removing those healthcare
That's great & all good, but you better get Healthcare, even if you have to get in McConnell's face & help him. GO GIRL GO!!!!!!
RUSSIAN TRAITORS & LIARS
And Killing us by taking away our HEALTHCARE! WAY TO GO SMELLY!
Lol you guys cant pass a bill to save your lives

We know you will vote with your party regardless of the needs of the people you represent!
That's great but repealing Obamacare would sure help a lot of people i know in this state.
Yeah right, actions speak louder than words
You're focusing on what Trump tells you to focus on. He has you as his little lap dog.  You're giving tax breaks to rich. Healthcare to poor
You've shown that you don't care about the poor. I voted for you once.  It won't happen again.  Strap on a pair lady and stand against Trump
As you work on an improved tax code, could you ask @realDonaldTrump to release His taxes...as he promised?
Good that U remember US #WorkingAmerica_TaxPayers EVERYONE Suppressed & OVERLOADED w #TAXES 2PAY 4ALL #GovProg "4 PPL" 80% of them LAZY! @VP
The GOP tax idea is similar Reagan's trickle down theory only helped the wealthy didn't work middle class is the fastest shrinking class why
I remember it well. The Reagan trickle down never got to us in W V.   & We never recovered.
Retire
Sabotaging access to healthcare & promoting outdated jobs in coal may not be the best way to create economic opportunities for W. Virginia
You certainly were not focused on ensuring that sick and poor people continue to have access to health insurance.
Stop illegal aliens from staying in the USA:
Are you a Trump R - or the swamp kind?  We all know the difference now.
.can u make "powers that b" take ARC off the chopping block WV needs it good 4jobs &community's step up ur game
Considr actions 4 ALL USA....SINGLE PAYER...like Canada S death knell 4 life as we want. Canada Govt healthcare S mor restrctive thn China
Untrustworthy RINO who needs to be primaried. Rather have a liberal than a treacherous RINO.
@SenateGOP #ZeroTaxes30K
PENCE PRESIDENT is BETTER for GOP.  No more Trump bullying, insults and threats.
Can the public see the proposed tax plan so we can make an informed decision? Or R U hiding that in a locked room in the basement as well?
@SenateGOP you're a sell out
I am focused on getting the misfit out of WH along with rest of Kremlin Gang!
Jobs won't matter if @realDonaldTrump blows up the world. Deal with him first, then come back and create new jobs.
That does not appear to be your motivation. You would vote differently.  Actions do not match words.
But you sure disappointed us when you went along with that lame excuse of a health care bill.
I think a better use of your time would be 4 u & your peers 2 deal w/the fruit loop who is about to start a nuclear war. DO SOMETHING!!!

Agree let's raise taxes on the top 2.5% & reduction for the 26-51% middle class/small businesses & modest consumption tax so we-
stop Big Sugar from making our state 49th in obesity. No more Big Gulps, some or this perhaps https://twitter.com/npr/status/895785836284956673 …. TAX THE 1%
It's not just LaCroix that is gaining new popularity. http://n.pr/2uLlAM0 
No one is making you drink it. Why not stop the auto makers to cut down on deaths same logic it goes on and on its about choice
the portion sizes are an issue.Higher costs could nudge public to cheaper, healthier alternatives while providing rev
What about health care For West Virginians? You tried to strip us of that. Would you care to explain that?
Update tax codes for people like the Koch brothers? They desperately need more money.
All these shenanigans are created  just to distract us from  the Russian investigation.
No you're not.  COAL COAL COAL - its dead.  You are hurting your #WV People.  The tax cuts are for 1% folks like you, Jim justice & manchin
Are the Republicans planning to give trillions to the top 10% and pennies to the rest?  Tell the truth. How much goes where in tax cuts?
You were focused on letting millions lose their insurance
How about sharing those marvelous ideas with us at a #TownHall? We can talk about ACA then as well. Put some focus on that.
Yeah your spineless vote on HC showed us West Virginians exactly where u stand You picked your political party over us, that's indefensible
Why don't you focus on providing healthcare to West Virginians instead of tax breaks for the Koch brothers and the Mercers.
What about THE NUCLEAR FUCKING BOMB
How about a better healthcare bill????

Better economic recovery and GOP u all destroy everything u touch you are not patriots go live in Russia u disgust are founding fathers
Why do u always say just WV isn't Congress there to represent all the American people u do remember your vote affects all 50 states
She doesn't care about "all". Only those that pay her. Since "all" is impossible, one must draw the line somewhere. Morality helps.
so many don't want to get behind Trump. Money is the reason. Isn't it Capitol!! We the people are being robbed.
Repeal Obamacare and support Trump!
focus on NO NUKES, NO WAR!!
You're focused on doing exactly what you're told apparently, irregardless of what you say in public
When 45 starts nuclear war with #Korea this effort meaninglessFocus on removing #45 as potus! #25thamendment or #Impeachtrump & convict!
WE NEED TERM LIMITS AND YOU PEOPLE NEED TO LIVE UNDER THE SAME LAWS YOU PASS!!!

This is likely to end up in "fack feel good folder" every morning for fake potus.
Oh . . . is that why you voted for Obamacare?
How about creating an opportunity for people not to die? Oh, that's right--you voted YES on people dying.
Trumptax reform for the rich is abomination Eliminates deductions for head of household & earned income credits hurting low & middle income
Save the U.S today!  Support limiting presidential Nuke weapons power! NOW!
