Be smart VOTE NO. You represent we the WV people not the Uncaring Republican Leadership. Do what is RIGHT for your fellow WV residents
The new bill does 0 to remove medicaid cuts. It takes away healthcr frm 18 MILLION ppl; caps preexisting conds; 0 cover 4 essential benefits
The eyes of your state & nation are on you. Please oppose this horrible health care act. A bipartisan bill after hearings for stakeholders
Please look carefully at this bill, put party aside, and do whats right for WV and the country
VOTE NO. BE STRONG. DON'T SELL US OUT
Sheema Verma scewed up West Va medicaid  system.

Please please please vote NO!!!
Cancer is not a Corvette. Take the profit motive out of Health Care   Rework NOT Repeal.
My father is a constituent in Jefferson County, but he's not on twitter. Please don't pass this bill.
This is true for so many states, not just West Virginia.  Please help save health care for all of us!  #VoteNo on Trumpcare!
Please vote no for the people of WV!
Quit making excuses & do your job!
Repeal now or the voters will speak
If you vote just to get votes forget it senator
Here we go again. Vote no Graham/Cassidy Bill. It's an assault on our seniors, children and poor. Remember who you represent
.@SenCapito  #Trumpcare bill will STILL devastate Medicaid & hurt vulnerable in WV to give huge tax cuts to 1%. Be the 1 to #KillTheBill
Thank you for putting the country and the people first. Thank you!
Please don't help this revision move forward.
A 'no' vote is the right vote
Show your courage - add an amendment that mandates all Senate & House members and their staffs enroll in whatever healthcare plan is passed
Just say no!
This entire McConnell-tRump medical fiasco is hanging on your neck! @senJohnMcCain, you and @RandPaul will be burned! Stay and vote against!
Not constituent, but your vote on BCRA will have direct effect on all Americans, especially already suffering. Please vote no. #savemycare
JUST KNOW SENATOR,YOUR VOTE FOR THE BILL WILL COST HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS OF YOUR VOTERS TO LOSE THEIR INSURANCE:

Please do the right thing for Virginians and all of America. #VoteNo
Costs will skyrocket 4 middle class with preexisting conditions as healthy go to Cruz quality plans. See Insurance company report. Vote no.
Please stand strong and vote no on the revised HC bill. We need you. Healthcare for all.
in other words #obamacare works really well for #WV,  repub thought: just give it the #orangeman's name and not the black man's.
If congress passes, a new healthcare bill, all of congress should be required to the same healthcare, you pass for your constituents. Period
Hang in there and don't fall for the McConnell carrot for Alaska. The whole country is counting on your "no" vote
Please save rural healthcare!
Vote NO! The elderly and the poor look to you to protect them! Please do the right thing and stand up for us not the GOP. WV is watching!
GOP, is adrift with weak leadership! Spineless, cowards, who cannot get the job done, after 8 long years of whining!
God bless you.
Do what's right! #VoteNo on TrumpCare.
Please vote no on this dangerous bill!  Work with the democrats to fix what is wrong with Obamacare, not throw out what is right!
VOTE NO ON TRUMPCARE!  American's are counting on you to do the right thing!  Be a heroine!
The current reanimated shamble of a bill does nothing to aid those who rely on Medicaid. I implore you to do right by your state. Vote no!
Please put people before party and oppose the latest Trumpcare bill. Please show courage & a backbone. #SaveMedicaid
Dont let WV down.....NO on the bill
Please DO NOT vote for this health care bill.  With our president's integrity in question we cannot have legislation this important to pass.
Medicare  changes  could  harm  the  elderly  as well
I keep asking and I pray that you hear-please vote no on this "amended" bill. WV deserves quality healthcare!
Please, thank you for thinking of others. Pre-existing conditions need to be accepted. Could we regulate the cost of medical care and medctn
Please vote NO on this bill. You will see this bill will not help but will harm millions.
The Medicaid cuts are the same in this bill; it's all a shell game. Don't be fooled--stand up for your country!
Praying for your courage. Opposing this bill might be the hardest thing you ever do in the Senate. You will be able to hold your head high.
I've read it. It is worse than the previous bill. Please vote no. Millions of Americans including 4 million children will lose coverage.
