Or you can #FixACA. Please don't do Trump's bidding. You are better than that Senator! @morethanmySLE
Part of the reason #ACA is bad is bc it was passed completely by Democratic Party. Where were you calling out Obamacare for being partisan?
That it was passed along party lines implies that there wasn't GOP input, which isn't true. Enzi, Grassley, Snowe and others worked on it
And, of course, the individual mandate is a Heritage Foundation innovation.
The same guy you cited, namely Grassely, was a major proponent against individual mandate who called it unconstitutional
Grassley is the reason we have individual mandate and not (say) auto-enrollment
Based on what evidence?

Define failed. 184k of WV residents covered by Medicaid? I call that a success #SaveMeCapito
Pay 3000.00 a month and have high deductibles . Can't afford have to drop it and live uninsured till something better is available.
Something better available is not what repeal & replace offers. #SinglePayer would be a practical fix.
Your are crazy to say single payer and practical in same sentence. It never has worked anywhere
Single payer works in other places quite well. There are millions of people, including me and my children, who will be uninsurable w/ GOP
Veterans--Nope. Europe--Nope ask Charlie Gard's parents, Venezuela--big nope, Canada--Nope
I had care in France. It works. Husband was type I diabetic and daughter was born there. Never feared for bankruptcy & great outcomes.
When was that because it looks like the same struggle--too expensive economy killed

Schumer doubles down on his earlier calls for a bipartisan health care plan 
 
Obamacare was passed without a single Republican vote. If Schumer is really about bipartisanship, shouldn't he have been against that?
Medicaid existed before Obamacare and exists with GOP plan.
Jobs.  Employers picking up ins. costs.  Competition for good employees increase pay and benefits.  Workforce lowest in history under BO
Taxpayer Funded Health Care For Senators, But, want to repeal and take ours. Please work together to fix ACA.
FU

We are ready to improve the healthcare system at any time. But we are not willing to throw tens of millions off their care to fund tax cuts. 
Quit saying the GOP Zombie line. It's not failed, it's helped so many poor, elderly, planned parenthood needy families and women.

http://www.thedailybeast.com/team-trump-used-obamacare-money-to-run-ads-against-it … 
No, Trumpcare is not the answer. Bipartisanship to fix ACA is. And the GOP/Trump admin *must* stop sabotaging it.

Since the GOP have locked out public hearing from stakeholders, here is AMA letter yesterday (7/21) denouncing the most recent bill: 
Fraud

#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #BCRA #AHCA #StopTrumpCare #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
https://twitter.com/mattmfm/status/877932005593300993 …
Arch would be rolling over in his grave.
Replace with WHAT?? You have sat in DC for how long and still have nothing!!!

Six different versions of the GOP health care bill have been scored by @USCBO. Every single one would do great harm to millions of families. 

Proud to join Democratic & Republican governors from across the country to call for a new, bipartisan approach to fix our healthcare system. 
BULLSHIT - the gig is up.
M. E. D. I. C. A. I. D.
you can also place reforms on this bill but you probably didn't know that
Yes!!!
Throwing millions off healthcare, leaving some with fears about how they or a family member will survive is not a fix. Do not repeal the ACA
Zombies
It works when NOT sabotaged by GOP... the bitter nasty Nixon CREEP party, detroying USA daily.  #TrumpRussia
Ur terrible
This is the guy you want to follow? #justsayno #killthebill #repairdontrepeal
Seriously many men play a game of golf and dinner with discussion, nothing wrong with it. I believe your choice did the same, hmmm.
My choice didn't sit as his desk "with pen in hand" *waiting* for bill that saved lives to come his way. #ObamasLegacy #lazyTrump
You are right! He was on vacation somewhere 
How many full weekends has Trump spent in Washington? He's at his resorts crashing weddings at them more than working on what's important.
6 weeks... imagine 6 months!!! 
You do realize the President owns Mar-a-lago, right? He doesn't pay for anything, but the members do.
Just one weekend trip to Mar A Lago, his WINTER WHITE HOUSE  costs taxpayers 3.6 million.
I see you voted to keep this "failed law" in place today.  Your vote, once again, contradicts the 40+ votes you already cast to repeal
Rubbish. That sound we all hear is you selling hundreds of thousands of your constituents down the river, without healthcare.
Why don't you just fix the existing law - is anyone in Washington listening??????????? Hello???? Knuckleheads!
You're just another Repub liar. How can U be on the side of a party with pussy grabbing Trump as its leader? You're a traitor to WV & women
Have you really caved to party pressure? You know how bad the #BHCRA would be. Your responsibility is to US, not the GOP
And this isn't 'replacement' it's a HUGE gift to drug/insurance corps-we can beat you in 2018 if you don't support the people who voted 4 u
You promised not to hurt people so don't! FIX ACA-it's no longer Obamacare, nvr was just a way 2 get people to hate it-but opposite happened
Ty 4 helping the hard working mid-class who can't afford $1000+ 4insurance or else have all our income taxes taken in penaltiesTY Senator
Sorry to hear you cave for political "loyalty" and abandon your citizens.
No.  You will take healthcare away from millions.  Please do the responsible thing and vote no to proceed.  Work w/ dems to fix obamacare.
You weren't even part of those closed working sessions so you don't even know what the Senate bill is so please.
I thought you didn't go to D.C. to hurt people?
Healthcare is personal.  A bill that hasn't seen light of day, cobbled together, rushed through to win spells disaster.   Be a hero today.

#Obamacare can be better for West Virginians if the markets are sured up. Please oppose the motion to proceed!
Didn't you recently say that you didn't come to Washington to hurt people? How much is Mitch bribing you to do this kind of damage?
I hope your vote on this bill is etched in the minds of every American. You know how much pain it could cause. You can't outrun that legacy.
WHAT is wrong with you?? This is NOT a good person
You're literally killing your constituents.
ACA is failing only bc #GOP is sabotaging-using HHS funds improperly, not advertising pools, not funding. #SHAME Insurers had best year yet
Taking 32 mil off insurance by 2026-how can you sleep at night? #PartyoverCountry #ProfitsoverPeople This is a moral issue-taking away life
This is your hour to stand up for West Virginia and vote against repealing the ACA law. We need to make it better and WV cannot go without
Problem w/Dark $-we can't see who is now contributing to your re-election campaign. Putting #PartyoverPeople is immoral-Sold out&Killing WVA
@GOP STOP BULLY DT, STOP your war on Americans, STAND UP, a "yes" kills us & you will go down in history as having done so. Our  on you.
You can amend the ACA and cap insurance compa is and hospitals from exorbitant profits. They are out of control because they know they can.
US fairground becomes a makeshift hospital amid Obamacare grumblings http://dailym.ai/2uZTyko  

OBAMA/RINOS/DEMS/CAPITO 3RD WORLD USA!
Don't be a sheep. Stay strong for WV . Don't sell us out for your personal ambition
Please don't vote for Trumpcare!  Millions are people are counting on you to vote no.
You were elected to work for the people of West Virginia and are now guilty of dereliction of duty.Nothing in that bill help WVA. For shame.
If you repeal and replace Obamacare I will make it my mission to defeat you. What you are doing is murder.
Why repeal? IMPROVE!!! There is no responsible plan to replace ACA.
it would be better to improve what people have and get on with the job of governing
Please do the right thing and stand up for the American people. Trumpcare is a Disaster waiting to happen. Please Fix existing Obamacare.
I thought you said you 'didn't come to Washington to hurt anyone' Now it's OK to support GOP HC bill after Don the Con visits WV? Vote No!!!
Looks like you got bought @SenCapito. What R U getting to pimp this bill? It takes healthcare from 22 mil to give $ to the wealthy
Vote No!!
Why the flip to supporting this draconian piece of wealthcare
@ SenCapito? You know millions will lose coverage including your constituents
Your party has had 7+ years with ZERO improvements.  Can't believe you now.
CAN U HURT MIKE? IF SO U R HEARTLESS&EVIL!

Remember what u said , please  vote your conscience , hoping u have one
If you replace the ACA with anything other than medicare for everyone than you will be helping kill more people a year in USA then 9/11.

Capito, Heller, & others used to invoke needing to wait for a CBO score to justify wavering. Now going along with lack of a score—OR a bill. https://twitter.com/sangerkatz/status/889585434627645440 …
W-Va lost their Drs & Plan under O-Care! Sens Cruz, Graham, & Paul All had Good Compromise Additions 2 AHCA>7 yrs is Enuf!  Time 4 Approval
You must know that the costs w/o recovery are 6x more. $ saved in medicaid cuts will be spent on emergencies, jail, foster care, etc.
In what world is this best for WV? If you're truly concerned about opioids, the math for the current stats wont cover the costs of recovery.
Winning at all costs will bring u nothing but shame. All these pictures & tweets tell us u don't give a rats ass about hurting people-Liar!
Listen & listen carefully. Those perks an entitlements u have will mean nothing when ur constituents die from lack of care. Fix the ACA!
Shame on you-U did come to Washington 2 hurt people-just 2 get a win 4 this regime! U don't belong 2 a party-Ur an American who helps others
Unless there is a plan to fix real, identified problem, please vote no!
You are so wrong. Repealing ACA will only hurt West Virginians.
Anything but a fix to ACA is unacceptable. Passage will kill millions including MY Now disabled son VOTE NO this must not go forward
The ACA has not failed and is not failing. Do not be on the wrong side of history.
The GOP plan is NOT going to fix WV's or USA's problems with ACA! Hoping you will change your mind! #SaveACA & #MedicaidMatters
What bill Senator? Have you seen a bill??
#pork for WV bought you.
You are selling out. What did Trump and McConnell offer you? You are throwing millions of Americans off of healthcare. We will not forget.
Can you tweet out the link to the bill you are voting on tomorrow? America would like to read it. #showusthebill
Don't hurt your constituents & the rest of us by pursuing this reckless legislation. My friend's life was saved by ACA. Do you even care?
How can you say this without knowing what might be in the new bill? Don't be strong-armed into voting yes without appropriate process
Remember that the people of WV are your employer not @realDonaldTrump
Why can't you fix #ACA? #NoRepeal
you will be history. Deplorable. How can you sleep at night.
Vote NO on tomorrow's health care bill! You don't even know what's in it!
Call her (202) 224-6472 leave a message
Done! Left message. Thank you for the number.
Please #VoteNoMTP
Wow 68 people like your idea
Vote NO on repeal!  The ACA is saving lives and you know it!
You know this isn't true.  Vote No on HC bill.  Be amazing!   Be American.  This is UnAmerican tragedy for all!  @realDonaldTrump is a bully
Vote NO on TrumpCare. Oppose any plan that eliminates coverage for millions. Reject TrumpCare and find a bipartisan solution.
You answer to your constituents, not the #KochBrothers & the other 1% you are giving a tax break @SenCapito
Do right for your people. This bill will hurt your constituents more than you imagine
Do a
You have sold out. Your State will remember. SHAME
You're a sellout.
Who needs 144 characters?  DEMAND TRANSPARENCY
You need to be true to the people of WV and not be pressured by those who only want tax cuts for the wealthy.
Fix the law, don't throw it away.
#SELLOUT
so what are you going to do - have you made a about-face on the MTP? DO NOT TRUST POTUS on Medicare - he Does Not Care.
This so called failed law did not fail me. It saved my life. Thank God for ACA
34% of your nonelderly constituents r on http://Medicaid.How  can u even consider GOP bill? *I did not come to Washington to hurt people*
Not if it leaves 22 million Americans uninsured. The only winning bill is one that leaves 0 people uninsured.
What did McConnell & trump promise you to help kill the people in your State Senator? What price for their souls & yours?
Please don't let us down.  Don't let Capito stand for Capitulate.
7000 + Catholic sisters, “We have witnessed firsthand the moral crisis of lack of quality, affordable healthcare in this country,”
This!!!! Incredibly sad!
When you vote, pls remember my husband.  Always had insurance.  Due to ACA they couldn't kick him off.  #ACA #Obamacare saved his life!
Before denigrating PPACA perhaps you should learn about healthcare v health insurance. You may realize how disastrous is the path you're on.
NO! Not true. You don't even know what's in the bill. And YOUR PARTY sabotaged #ACA. so what did it cost to buy you off???
As a nation, we can't get to YES without having the proper plan.  Let's not just vote to push anything through, let's push the RIGHT plan!
please do not hurt my little brother with a pre-existing condition. He lives in Jefferson county
Shame on you...  I hope your next election shows you moving back home, facing the constituents you screwed!
Sure. Is that what helps you sleep at night? #Sellout
But you're not replacing, you're only repealing, and your constituents will suffer. I urge you to vote no.
How do you know Senator? If you know what's in the bill, how about sharing it with the people?
please stay strong! don't let that bully get to you, he just wants a psuedo win, he doesnt care who he hurts
ObamaCare is NOT a failed law and a large number of your constituents cannot afford cuts to Medicaid.  Work with Dems to fix it!
What about all the people who never had insurance prior to the ACA?
Decimating Medicaid in this Trumpcare bill will not help the people that need it, it will only line the pockets of the wealthy w/tax beaks.
Did someone hack your account?  This is wrong, you have no plan.  Try working with others and fixing.
Please don't let McConnell bully & bribe u into voting yes on the bad Senate health bill. People will die. U said u wanted to help people
We voted for you because u supported r r. Then you held out. Now you changed back. Support our President like you should have to begin with.
How much did they pay you? You sold your soul didn't you. I do see they gave you the talking points memo.  U all sound alike.  Sad 4 women
Please do not vote for a dangerous bill,crafted in secret. We need to fix Obamacare with bipartisan cooperation. And protect women's health!
You have the strong backing of 12-15% of the American People. #SaveMedicaid #McConnellCare is even #MEANER
If you vote yes tomorrow you support Trump not WV.  Medicaid expansion came w/ Obamacare not GOPcare. That's an oxymoron.  Go Bipartisan!
If you do not vote The Failing Obamacare out we vote you out.
Please do NOT cut Obamacare and Medicaid. It needs to expand. Please stand for comprehensive coverage for all Americans!
Vote yes on bill tomorrow.  Americans can't afford it!
I'm so disappointed in you... caving is not the answer ... this president does NOT understand the HC bill & you know it !
#NeverRepeal 
#FixACA
vote no
Or you could just fix the ACA and not deprive millions of Americans of healthcare.
You've had 7 years to come up with a "plan". You must think we're all fools.
#GiveItUp
Areyou kidding?
Look at what the @GOP's are proposing for a replacement:
#ScrewYouCare

http://time.com/money/4834075/health-care-costs-premiums-senate-bill/ …

#TrumpCareKills
Or, you can have a bi-partisan discussion to fix the current flaws like grown up adults & not rush to pass a bill that has had ZERO debate
Sen.Capito - please have the courage to say no to the "mystery" bill that is being presented for a vote tomorrow.  It needs to be examined.
But do you feel any certainty that will happen if you vote 4 the MTP? #SaveOurCare Why not work on bipartisan solution with female Senators.
You know what you can also do is just fix what's there. That way nobody loses coverage but it's improved. Honestly. Why not do that?
You are just another right wing corporate shill. Ins co Exec? Smooch is behind! Coal industry? Lie about them! Healthcare? Millions lose!
Just out of curiosity, what was your price? Never mind, I am sure greater minds than yours will publish what you sold yourself for. TRAITOR!
how much did you take for selling out your constituents?
How many West Virginians will die before that happens? Their deaths will be on your hands. YOURS!
I am just going to remind you of how devastating this will be for your people. How this'll destroy any progress with the opioid issue
As long as its based on a profiteering med/pharma industry, ANY h/c system will fail - ACA AHCA BHCA pick your acronym, whatever. @GOP
It worked, still works. Trump wants it to fail because it's not his work (not that he works I just see him golf and gossip). He's horrible!
How can you do this when you don't even know what the replacement plan is? Unbelievable that you would treat your constituents this way.
Murderer
Trump are will strip millions of Americans of health care. It's not a fix, it's a poison pen. You're betraying your constituents.
PLEASE do not succumb to the bullying from the WH.  You KNOW this is a bad bill and will not help the ppl of WV. They deserve better.
No. This will do more damage. YOU KNOW THIS.
The problem could be fixed, with the ,800bill, Trump's giving the wealthiest, Repare not repealed, that could. Save millions of people. 
The people of West Virginia would be better served with Medicare for All.  Do you have the courage to support this option? Stand up for WV!
This is a horrible bill that destroys the ability of hundreds of thousands in your state to get health care. Don't pretend to care anymore
You will be branded a murder and killer. The first person who dies because of this is blood on your hands.
Disgrace! Takes affect after elections and you're exempt? Seriously, a liar and a coward. Not willing to accept your own consequences?
Which flavor Kool-Aid was yours? Orange?
Why recreate the 'WHEEL" Senator?  rebuild/repair ACA with moderates from both parties. The other slogan is a cry of propaganda to demean!
So you pledged your loyalty to trump instead of the country very disgusting and you WILL pay at the polls U R absolutely going down
But you know this...
http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2017/06/heres-how-the-senate-health-bill-will-make-the-opioid-crisis-even-more-devastating/ …
#opioidcrisis /

What did they offer you?  How exactly did you sell your constituents out?
Shame on you
I had high hopes that you would vote no.  There is no good replacement option out there.  Please vote no.
repeal as promised
How do you sleep at night?! YOU SOLD YOUR SOUL!!
Please don't do this to West Virginians! You can fix what we have without hurting a lot of good people who already don't have much. Please!
You are a cruel human being! Every Senator should have to give up their government healthcare and sign up for the new Trumpcare!
The law isn't failing it's being sabotaged by Trump & GOP! You vote for anything less than Single Payer you're voting to kill W Virginians
So someone was able to put a price on you taking away affordable healthcare from people? What was YOUR price? So disappointing.
We're praying you do what you know is right!
If you have any integrity left .. if you've ever cared about someone with deadly illness .. YOU MUST NOT REPEAL ACA! And you know it!
Your "replacement" plan ensures intentional loss of life.  We know it. You know it!!  You're promoting death. We know it. You know it!!
shame on you. voters will remember this.


