You just voted to take Medicaid away from 2,300 veterans that live in West Virginia. Very unpatriotic and disgusting. America first??
American billionaires first.
Work on Repealing O'care. That's the main reason you're there. If that doesn't happen you'll go the way Scott Brown did. You'll lose reelect
Has anyone considered the wisdom of banding a subcommittee Thud?
Healthcare for WV SHOULD be the priority for you right now! Vote NO
#MTP #SaveACA #healthcarenotwealthcare
Clearly it's not
Who cares as you work to rip health care away from everyone in WV -- and across our nation!
When you brag about being bought for your vote.
Vote her out. She's a disgrace.
Way to go with the Boy Scouts
Coward.

W. Virginia  Shelley Capito is removing your health care and MEDICAID.
After voting for motion to proceed earlier today, @SenCapito now also voted TO BREAK THE RULES to make it easier to pass BCRA.
You had a chance to do something FOR millions of Americans today, and instead you did grave harm TO them. Shame on you.
Happy for your state. Does this mean now you'll vote for Trumpcare? For the sake of your citizens I sincerely hope not.
So we were at a turning point for shutting this insanity down and you CAVED. People of the 50 states are wondering what your soul cost?  SAD
Liar.
Liar!  Shame on you!
We are going to "primary out" Shelly C. Because of her defection on repealing Obamacare
O'care only helps those who pay nothing for healthcare, it's called welfare,and for those of us that have to pay we can't afford to use it.
I no longer have faith in you and I'd tell you where you could shove your subcommittee....but I was raised right.
I thought you were standing up for West Virginians. Not!
So screw the rest of the country just so may be a few of your people might get a little something. You handed my son a death sentence proud?
She doesn't care enough about you to be proud. To her, your son simply doesn't exist. She's evil.
Why aren't you talking healthcare?

Are you seriously going to vote to repeal ACA after you so proudly came out against it last week?
Because she's going to sell us out.
She sure did.   But she thinks you are dumb enough to believe her when she Tweets that she didnt.
There will never be a day that I forget @SenCapito saying she didn't want to hurt ppl & then voting for MTP.

Remember this date: 11/8/2018
What happened to your "no" vote? Sad to think you were coerced to vote for this.
Those of us paying too much for health insurance can't afford to pay other bills. No joke. Get shut off notices on utilities every month
Shame on you for your vote.
You'll never persuade your constituents that your 'yes' vote was anything but caving to Trump.  What a disappointment you are!
She'll come back with the so called side deal with the appearance it looks good and please her emperor. Vote her out WV will suffer the most
Selling out the people of WV. For what?


Your party is the American taliban and u r a terrorist.  I hope you get voted out.
Don't forget to SUPPORT the SHARE/HPA Act
Thanks a lot! Sell out. Who lined your pockets? How dumb we were to think you were on our side!
Lying Traitor to the American people #NeverForget
Shame. On. You.
Pls don't further debase our country by caving to treats and bribes from the Koch's, Trump, Wynn etc
Heller was a no until billionaire casino magnate Steve Wynn threatened him almost daily. What a sad, perfect example of money in politics.
I will contribute to your opponent's campaign.
Now is the time to show your courage and commitment to the people of WV. Stand your ground @sencapito


ready to retire!!!
You could not be of a sane & healthy mind and say those words. It would not be rational. There are consequences for putting self b4 others.
Buy out...that plane ride was expensive, wv voters thrown under the bus....Shame on you!
#MakeWVBlueAgain
GOP  murder by legislation 
#SaveACA could have been fixed

Cutting #Medicaid while giving the military  $700B is evil
Liar. #VoteThemOut #crookedGOP
THUD is the sound of your re-election chances after voting to destroy the lives of the people of WV w/this undemocratic, irresponsible vote.
I like that.
Shame on you
Hope you're ready for the firestorm once you vote to move Trumpcare forward, Shelley.
You sold out your constituents like we always knew you would.  Why do you even pretend to be something you're not?   #SHAME
Sen. Caputo; I worked in HealthCare X 20 +  yrs. Until I got sick & Lost my Health Then myJob Then my Home. Plz dont take my HEALTHCARE TOO.
U r full of . A uneducated brainwashed pub. 2018 is coming soon. Bye Bye.
Don't be a sell-out. You KNOW damn well what your constituents want
REPEAL OBAMACARE NOW!
Your our last best hope! Save us !
Vote no on Trump Care PLEASE
Shame on you. A no vote now will give you an opportunity to work with the Senate, all of them, to fix problems. Not make new ones.
Last term for you if you vote yes
#SaveACA Vote NO on motion to proceed!
She Lost Her Job as Senator if She Votes,For the Worst piece of health care legislation ever Written @JohnKasich @chucktodd

Dont vote for trumpcare..bad plan..preserve aca.
Republicans WON, because of one very important promise.  Repeal the #Obamacare DISASTER ... like you PROMISED THE VOTERS!
senator please protect our MY little brother with a pre existing condition. Vote no on #MTP
Pls vote no. This is a step back &a vote for an authoritarian state to come. #compassion&care4all
GrifterPotus.. Doesnt have your BACK! Vote NO... or your under the bus like everyone he touches.. no true? name someone doing well w DDT
yuou Know what your voting for?? Why dont you or many SENATORS know but Have to VOTE?? #voteNo
Do the right thing.
1st priority is to vote no today #KilltheBill
I thought you didn't go to Washington to hurt people? More GOP lies.
now Reps trying same thing except in secrecy...... worse. Plz come together on this, it is too important to be left to one side.
Remember what your campaign promises were 2 us here in WV. Repeal/replace or you will be exposed as a liar who says anything to be elected!
Vote NO! I have cancer. High risk pools = death. Don't make my young son grow up without me.
Both sides need to debate health bill, come to an agreement whether to fix or better bill. Dems went alone, good not great....
Now that's on it's way...Need to hold out, vote no.
Vote No pls. Trump doesn't care about your constituents. The speech at jamboree is proof. It's about him "winning" not the ppl of WV.
Your state would suffer greatly under TrumpCare, more than nearly any other.  Please consider this.  History has its eye on you.
You didn't go to DC to hurt people.  Vote NO
Vote NO ! Stand up for West Virginia !
SHAME
Many Republican senators have complained about the process for health care. Not one of them has said they will vote no today because of it.
Please vote no on health care motion today.  It could cause the death of thousands and no one is telling us what's in it first
So you've allowed yourself to be bought, Senator Capito? You said you didn't come to Washington to hurt people. Your words are meaningless!
Healthcare: please protect your good people. Vote NO. Do what is right.
Please consider your entire nation as well. Vote NO. Some many would siffer
Vote no
Please stay strong and vote no on Obamacare repeal. Too many vulnerable people count on it

Please vote for your people, vote no.
Is this selling out for a yes vote??? Sure hope you're not that easily bought. Vote no on BCHA, save lives.
VOTE NO on TRUMPCARE! Fix the ACA.
Your very first priority is to protect the American citizen, especially our children. Do NOT allow these MEN to bully you, VOTE NO on MTP!
please vote no on repeal and replace. Fix the ACA.
Please vote NO. Many lives are are at stake.
What are you voting on the MTP? Standing up for WVians or rolling over for the GOP?
ok....that's a good thing....holding to your no vote is even better ...  TELL MITCH FRIGGIN' NO......

Please vote no on healthcare today! Fix Obamacare. Thank you!
Fix the ACA.  Say NO to the vote today, whatever it may be.
thats good. all the ppl bankrupted by new ACA will need housing assistance.
Yeah! Make America a Go-Fund-My-Healthcare Again! Makes a nice slogan!
its all about priorities
If more WVians die because they lack healthcare, they won't care about your other accomplishments, will they? Vote NO #MTP

AHCA. BCRA. Motion to proceed. Repeal-only. All = HIGHER costs & LESS coverage for millions of Americans. Senate, #VoteNO!
HEALTH CARE. WHAT ARE YOU DOING? Stop hurting people. Fix ACA or the @GOP must go.
SHE IS PLANNING ON VOTING TO RIP AWAY EVERYONES HEALTH CARE 

CALL! West Virginia relies HEAVILY on Medicaid (which is killed) in @gop bill.
SHUT UP AND STOP AVOIDING HEALTHCARE. Stop lying and start voting YES
Maybe just an avoidance issue? Sure seems to be avoiding some issues...hmmmm.
Get busy with health care liberal
