Do the right thing, maybe I will share your newsletter.

Tom Harry and Jane work 60+ hrs a week to have bad insurance so @SenCapito can take their money and give to Dick who won't work 4 insurance
Well it looks like you may have another chance to keep your promise. Surely you don't want to go out as a liar.
#Hindsightis2020
Get educated on the entire bill and know the significance of what you are voting on in the future not just sound bites.
Political capital ALL spent on last vote. Might as well put your efforts into planning your retirement. I hear you will have great insurance
As a women you failed to lead. We need leaders in powerful positions That's not you.
We were so disappointed in your vote on health care.  Fortunately @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski and @SenJohnMcCain  took the heat for you.
Honestly, I think Capito didn't have enough faith in her constituents. Worried they would believe @POTUS , so she voted against their wishes
A leader does whats best,not popular.Even if more want repeal, its not whats best 4 our state.She chose 2 follow & party over WVns.Shameful!
You lied to your state. I wanted to give you the benefit of the doubt and thought you'd keep your word.i was again wrong on your behalf.
Though you'd like this @SenCapito. Ur mentioned in this video What do u think???Check out @charliekirk11's Tweet:
How Many Hundreds Of Millions Were Raised On The Phony Promise Of Repealing Obamacare? 

#BigGovSucks 
I saw something I hope to not ever see again the disabled in wheelchairs & ventilators being cuffed & taken out of the WH fighting for ACA 
And yet it happened repeatedly during the #ACA repeal fights. Arrests of people who would die w/o access to ACA. People BEGGED their senators to protect their care. 

.@SenCapito was just fine w/ voting to take away insurance from millions. 

She can just STFU and sit down.
Yes I got it and read your half truths in your Obamacare voting record. You should be ashamed by your act omission to your constituents
Please vote 'no' on any health care bill the block grants Medicaid or enacts per Capito caps. Thank you!

So disappointed in your vote. I had thought you would put human lives before party.
News flash just screwed working West Virginians again with high dollar low benefit insurance. Nope just like every other week
And you are affetcting the whole country not just WV,my senator doesn't care,we thought you were different.please don't do it again
Why did you sell your soul to that loser, You can't vote for something that is WORSE than the current policy.
disappointed in your willingness to strip millions of healthcare to appease Trump.Why didn't u stand up & demand fix of ACA.shame
It failed there is no fixing it!
the ACA can be fixed if they want to do it in a bipartisan way
Why should they want to do it in a bipartisan way.  It certainly was a concern when Dems pushed it through
that's a mature approach to life.
None of the Democrats want to "fix" it only expand it.  It is too expensive as is and can't be maintained as it is now.

High light of week, tried to end health care! Took payoff from crazy man!
Stop! You don't speak for us http://anymore.You  are a lame duck senator because we know longer trust you to support WV.
So disappointed in your vote. U have two choices now-- shore up/reform #ACA or get ready for #Medicare4all
Disappointed in my vote for her. She lied when she said she'd repeal O'care. My costs unsustainable bc of others free care. 1 term Senator
@GOP has more to do with insufficient subsidies fir middle class
Wait, is that a New York Times article. Lol. Sorry. I dont mean to be rude I know you think its real news. My g'ma thought the Enquirer was
Oh sweetie. Im sorry I used @NYTimes. I will translate for u:
Right. Good luck with that whole 2020 thing. U might have a chance with #Pence 'tho I will fight every step of the way...#Resist
God bless your heart. It didn't help you last time but nice try
I am ashamed to be a West Virginiaian with your voting record! You RINO!
Shame,Shame..@SenCapito we are still not happy with you!!
Just a reminder, these are women who are leaders...
You spelled liars wrong
Umm Capito said, "I cannot vote to repeal Obamacare without a replacement plan that addresses my concerns and the needs of West Virginians."
She's said a lot of things. 1 term Senator
You said you would not vote to repeal ACA without an acceptable replacement. Then you did. Why should anyone believe anything you say now?
I'd also like an answer to this question. You've lost your integrity.  Did a threat or a bribe make you go back on your word?
Ask your own Senator ours don't answer to you.
Apparently @sencapito doesn't answer to anyone...  Just a self serving politician.
I do agree with that
Great I'll make sure to delete it immediately. I'm sure it's nothing but lies anyway.
Send it to your friend Schumer
Your flip flopping, weakness & cowardice has managed 2 piss off constituents from both sides of the issue. You won't be voted back!
"You have been weighed and measured and found wanting".  I will find no creditably in any statement you make in the future.
you said you would defend Medicaid.
I'm tired of being in line at groc store with my hotdogs while watching others buy steak with food stamps. Now I'm paying for their O'care.
You've said enough to me by your votes. 1 term Senator
GOOD job on the yes vote. Now we can get you out!! You made your bed, now you have to own it.
Was so disappointed in your vote. People were literally begging you to vote no.
He voted no against the wishes of his constituents & as such his constituents need to show up on election day and vote NO to his re-election
Looking forward to voting you out in primaries. Need to get all the crooks out of D.C.
Very heartened to hear that you are prepared to work with Dems to improve health care for all. Please make a BOLD case for working TOGETHER
We all need our lawmakers to work together to improve the system, not to engage in political takedowns!   #bipartisanship#saveourhealthcare
You're so brave to offer to work with Dems after several failed attempts not to. We must Replace Capito in 2020.
Who would read a traitors newsletter? Vote this #closetdemocrat out of office ASAP
 no thanks
You knew what was the right thing to do and you didn't do it. Of all the states with the poorest people who would be neglected #Shame
I'm tired of being in line at groc store with my hotdogs while watching others buy steak with food stamps. Now I'm paying for their O'care.
But you & I will be paying more and getting less for it with this bill. It would have benefitted the wealthy ppl only. with $ breaks, not us
I wasn't for that bill. I'm for #FULLREPEAL
You lady are a LIAR! The bill you voted 'YES' for had NO REPLACEMENT plan, which means you were WILLING to sell WV's down the river!! SHAME!
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP pick from 200+ plans in the FEBHP! So why exactly are they offering Americans, those they WORK FOR, "skinny" plans?
I just hope POTUS hold back subsidies health care funds for congress  and http://staff.You  make the law ,taste it .Get on ACA.Carma .
@HouseGOP @SenateGOP have no qualms spending nearly $40 billion of OUR TAX DOLLARS for THEIR health plans! WE pay 72% of their premiums!
Self-serving @SenateGOP didn't want to fix #ACA because since it passed in 2010, they've had to pick a plan in the exchange just like us!
Reminder Va, NY, Indiana did not put you in office!
Dems are screaming bipartisan sol. They certainly weren't worried about it when they were in power!  If they were we might not b in the mess
Stop POTUS from wrecking insurance markets!  Please!
What about our healthcare? We DEMAND the same healthcare you receive as OUR EMPLOYEE! Who the hell do you @SenateGOP think you are?
What about West Virginians having hard times made you vote to take their Medicaid after you have lived a life of privilege?
Sorry I prefer my lies from the  in chief. Don't be a Ryan, grow a spine.
Your weekly lies are available is what I am sure you meant to say.
Did u apologize to constituents for failing them on ACA bill. U showed true colors u can be bribed #urfired
If u don't have the backbone to stand up to a bully with a 36% approval u need to have your constituents back not 45 or step down
Did you get that # from polls? Yeah, you keep watching those polls. Lol
Your father made millions off the backs of West Virginians, how much are you going to skin off of us?
@wvdemocrats knock out Capito.WV has weak eco & poor quality of life& in healthcare #46.Stop jailing poor ppl! @DNC
Are you seriously trying to outlie your father?
And it is filled with all the lovely lies you hope we are deluded enough to believe.
You talk about increase premiums under ACA but u voted on a skinny repeal that would hike them by 20 % work together to improve the ACA
Congress-owned and manipulated by profit-driven US deathcare industry. They line their pockets with lobby$$, invest,and ignore constituents.
If Republican senators fear Draft Dodger Trump so much that they bring up that garbage health bill again, VOTE NO like the hero McCain did.
Hello you great big sham you!
This update does not make sense. You admit that premiums are a problem, but you voted for a measure that would increase premiums signicantly
Do did note vote in the interests of West Virginians and you have yet to explain yourself. #backroomdeals #dirtypolitics
You are supporting a mentally unstable person in our White House and you have lost all credibility after your healthcare vote. #fail
Will you be lying in this newsletter, Liar?
Yes, she said she was worried about premiums despite voting to increase them.  She put WV lives at stake.  My family's lives at stake.
.@SenCapito, #WestVirginia ns are so disappointed in you. You could have been a hero. Maybe next time?
No, Thanks.
I'm so disappointed in you, Senator. Your constituents are suffering; and they will survive despite your actions.

The bill you voted in favor of would increase premiums not decrease them. Why did you vote for it other than putting party over people?
You need to reconsider your position on health care, please
Does it explain why you voted to screw over thousands of West Virginians?
It does not.  We want answers.
