Thanks to @MayoClinic for its excellent care – I appreciate your support & look forward to getting back to work! https://www.mccain.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=FF8ABBEC-F6BB-45F6-8E8D-A4D3BA906C83 …
"I did not come to Washington to hurt people." This is why we need more women in power - their nurturing instinct is a recipe for decency!
Well she's hurting me!  My premiums are up way over 400% and it's hard to make ends meet!
The difficulty with universal health care coverage isn't premium increase - U.S. doesn't see itself as 1 big family b/s of shitty ppl like u
Thank you for standing against a mean healthcare plan!
Repugnant ALWAYS lies, points the blame, hides what they do for themselves, forces all news to do what they say, FIRES the democracy.
And when he's recovered, how about trying a vote for repeal. A vote against, is a vote against #MAGA
Why is your friend being seen at the Mayo Clinic ? Isn't he a vet? Shouldn't he be at the VA? Y'all are hypocrites and traitors to our Pres!
The repugnant reps ENSLAVE our people to their demands, they do their best to TAKE away our freedom, always have hidden agendas. Traitors.
Go deeper and give him a lobectomy.
both fired
Maybe you can go visit him in Arizona - after you resign.
She doesn't need to resign, she like McCain will be voted out of office next election!
Most Americans can't afford Mayo Clinic, as @SenCapito and @SenJohnMcCain have forced us to keep O'care. Time for you to enjoy O-care too.
MCCain the top recipient in political contributions from Big Pharma and Healthcare? #DrainTheSwamp
Too good for the VA, just like Obama was too good for Obama care...always the double standard. Capito and McCain a real couple of traitors
REPEAL! REPEAL! REPEAL! REPEAL! REPEAL! REPEAL! REPEAL! REPEAL! REPEAL! REPEAL! REPEAL! REPEAL! REPEAL! REPEAL! REPEAL! REPEAL!
He should be in the VA.  He has done such wonders for them in the last 20 years
VA is an example of socialized medicine!
Choose your friends wisely Senator Capito!
You are supporting the Democrats and single payer by standing in the way of repeal and replace. Look at what you force on Americans.
Get off your rump and repeal Obamacare!
It is NOT in the best interests of MY peoples country, no repugnant rep will ever be for MY nation. You just like saving money & lying.
Figures she great friends with M Cain both Democrats
Glad McCain has access to insurance that tax payers pay 4. Meanwhile, thank you for denouncing repeal while the rest of us try to stay alive
YOUR RHINO FRIEND!
You are OUR EMPLOYEE get your ASS TO WORK!
Why we have to suffer because you Senators are incompetent and liars
Youre not working...no one thinks you are working...you are just taking up space...doing nothing to help the GOP senators.
He's a vet why not go to the VA hospital?  If it's good enough for us should be for him
You did not support the Presidents agenda thats why the GOP has the house,senate, WH ..
You were voted to repeal and replace and McCain is the Swamp!!
Another pol gets elected to represent the people then goes out & does what they want Remember & vote her out
@MayoClinic I can't wait till your ass is voted out!!! Have a nice day!
Guess a VA Hospital wasn't good enough for McCain...you all need the SAME GARBAGE healthcare you want Americans to have under Obamacare!
Just curious, why did you run as a rep. just like L. Murkowski and S. Collins when you are clearly dems? You liars. Dems must be proud.
DEMAND SHE LEAVE HER POST! LIKE @SenatorCollins - LIARS! dems that ran as Repubs. Want PP funded w tax$- so 2 pay for murder dem campaigns
I DEMAND you step down from your POSITION FOR LYING! DEMOCRATrunning as a Republican should be ILLEGAL! Take @SenatorCollins @SenJohnMcCain
We will weed you swamp beasts out soon enough 
Your friend needs to retire and let somebody not part of the swamp take over!!
@MayoClinic #RepealAndReplace Senator Shelley Capito! She REFUSES to vote to #Repeal Obamacare!! #DoYourJob #MAGA
Shame on you for not supporting our President. You have betrayed millions and have given the dems a victory. You should change parties.
Cut the nonsense and REPEAL OBAMACARE NOW. People are suffering out here while you people can't get your sh!t together...
No excuse! Middle class is hurting you just turned your back on us.That includes women, men and our children.
Time for your old ass to retire
Are you & McCain under OBAMA CARE? AZ doesn't care about John McCain. West VA is going to be saying ADIOS TO CAPITO......

http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/first-read/nbc-news-wsj-poll-just-12-key-trump-counties-back-n784131 …  For your brave, conscious stand, you will gain more Dem. voters than you'll lose from the GOP!
You MUST #RepealObamacare it hurts middle class families!!! Why should we foot the bill for the lazy freeloaders?!!!
Yes you are just like him sadly.
We will remember you on Election Day! 
Your $ASS is out, Bit*h!
@MayoClinic You need to go !
Why did you betray the working people? Need insurance!
3000 a month for unusable insurance
You are terrible.
How is it you're against the bill when you're state OVERWHELMINGLY supports the president? I hope you lose your job
I'd rather democrats gain a majority than have weak republicans like you elected
By all means think @ Sen McCain while you stick it to middle class once again.  You and all @GOP are a disgrace.  It will not be forgotten!
Explain @trumpazona @TrumpAZ 
@immigrant4trump @imanamericanfan @irmahinojosa_ 
@Italians4Trump
Wva this lady voting against @realDonaldTrump   Please show her the door and vote her out!!!#MAGA
Shame on you Senators
@immigrant4trump @TimeforTruth16 @ransom54 
@orlandoandresm4 
@TEN_GOP
I don't get why you can't vote on a repeal and then come back and work on a replacement it show's that you're not really serious about it.
Senators once are elected you forgat about the working people who don't have health ins b/c the middle class cannot afford .
Is that good ??
Mc Cain a snake .
He has done very little for the Veteran ! 
He is a traitor we the people R going to vote him out
I see who you are aliening with #Soros funded @SenJohnMcCain against our @POTUS President @realDonaldTrump  #Truth #DefundPP kill baby 90sec
Aren't you glad you don't have O-care, @SenJohnMcCain? I pray for your recovery. #MAGA
Thanks for standing with the people of West Virginia on healthcare.
so DISAPPOINTED IN YOU @SenCapito  you let the hard working people down in #WV  #Repeal is what you promised till the LEFT pressured you
You need to do your job/right thing! Might be only chance to repeal an illegal law. Pres is right. Unsustainable. Fiscal responsibility!
No wonder you vote against common sense you are friends with RINO globalist . It all makes sense now
Your name is out there now RINO. Keep hanging w @SenJohnMcCain. Fn traitor.
The Senate has "betrayed" America!
Pharmacist Rick
Yes, you & MOC won't lose your healthcare if the ACA is repealed but 32 million American Citizens will. How can you live with that?
Notice how the only positive replies to this stooge's tweets are from LIBERALS? This GOP scam is in the open, they are stooges for the left.
Yeah yeah, now get your ass in gear and do some work rather than obstructing healthcare!
What kind of health care does he have? Glad he's doing better, but I guarantee he's not on Obamacare #exemptelitists
Why is liberal McCain in the Mayo Clinic why not the VA?
Thank you so much for saving my family.
Pls start bipartisan process now
Did he use his Obama care??? That's right you ppl are above the law.
Shame on u Mrs. Capito.
John McCain is NO FREIND of @GOP. And apparently near are you. Can not wait to vote you out.
You would be missing your fellow swamp friend. Hes a traitor to the gop just like you!!
John McCain is a Traitor and if he is your friend... You do not keep good company.
time to get rid of this woman..vote her out
Thank you for joining Senators Collins and Murkowski in opposing the Trump/McConnell proposal to repeal, without replacing, the ACA.
The healthcare of millions of Americans who gained coverage because of the ACA should never be thrown into chaos to score partisan points.
I intend to contribute to your reelection campaign in 2020. America wins, when women like you are in positions of power.
Was just in West Virginia. Hopefully they wise up and vote you out
#RepealingObamacare Why do you Lie to get Elected??
We will do everything we can to help your challenger get elected next primary. #MAGA
When are u up for reelection? Asking for a friend..
2018 im trying to find out who her replacement will be so i can start campaigning for them now
God bless!
#RetireMcCain #RetireCapito 

#KeepYourPromise
#Hi #ImMrMeseeks #LookAtMe McCain is a hack and so are you for flipping on the repeal vote. Your career is a hoax on your constituents
Senator McCain is a Vet.  Why did he not go to VA Hospital like us?  Congress needs Obamacare. U can keep your doctor & save 2500 yearly.
you two aren't #republicans consider changing your parties. you will be voted out for not supporting @realDonaldTrump
Sen McCain is privileged to receive care from Mayo. It gives preference to pts w/private ins over Medicaid. CEO Noseworthy salary: $2.3 mill
We should just stop paying our insurance premiums. Why bother sending 2k a month then still need to cover a deductible?!? Done with est Rs.
Pass health care so others can have good health care!!!!
Agree.
Make sure to explain how Obamacare's 24% increase in Insurance Premiums benefit your constituents.
McCain voted to repeal in 2015 too. Should we add him to the liars list like you're already on?
You pay for it then since you don't want to repeal it now after voting to repeal in 2015. Obamacare can't be saved so stop your games!
Should b quick under your free 100% covered health plan. Your a pathetic wasted vote. I hate this state and I hate the inaction of GOP

Joe Manchin's message to GOP senators: "Let’s get together" on health care
https://bloom.bg/2tbPSaW  

You can't repeal the ACA without taking away 32 million people's health care. http://bit.ly/2u5rZ7K  
