Read my full statement on @POTUS decision to declare opioid epidemic a national emergency here:
You voted to cut Medicaid by $800B
Sorry to tell you I he lied about that as he lies about everything
Kills more people than guns.
Maybe opioids are a good way to survive what is left of the Trump Presidency
Now if Senators would only support the Trump agenda
@realDonaldTrump since you can't shut your BigMac hole,I'm withdrawing my savings and going to Guam.The promise of nuclear death beats this.
The president is a national emergency which you are enabling.
Good to hear your job is up for grabs in 2021
We need more treatment so badly.
djt says he has declared an opioid state of emergency. He thinks saying something makes it true, paperwork be damned.
Don't bet on it. @realDonaldTrump struggles with following through.
You have to be insane too to allow @realDonaldTrump free reign to put us in nuclear hell! Where are the @GOP brains??
Texas
When is the senate gonna get their head out of there ass and get rid of this bastard that Americans hate for screwing up our beloved contry?
The only good thing to hear from POS will be "I resign, effective immediately."
Those of us who have legitimate prescriptions for opioids to manage chronic pain will be the ones impacted most harshly.
Don't make me jump through hoops to receive my medication. My fibromyalgia makes my life hard enough.
Ok, but maybe address the bulge in his pants when someone says "nuclear weapon".
Now please try to help the middle class get affordable healthcare,we need help now
You can't vote to strip healthcare from 100s of thousands of West Virginians and then act like you care about their health. #Hypocrite
Why is @GOPChairwoman Ronna ROMNEY McDaniel retweeted this treasonous POS? No more money to RNC until it promises no funds to 7 traitors!
Yes, but all he's offering is interdiction & punishment, not $ for needed to. @SenCapito @POTUS
We won't have to worry about it anymore. Nuclear war will solve the opioid epidemic once & for all.
Oh & btw thank for nothing! So much for calling & sending letters to your office. 
We sent more letters.

Libtards lack ability to make their own decisions on healthcare. Wants the government to make decisions for them. GO MAXINE WATERS 2020
She sold out to Trump for flood relief money in exchange for her yes vote on healthcare.
OR she listened to constituents
Thank you President Trump and Senator Capito.  WV appreciates your work.
So, does that mean he'll do more than his "Just say no" plan?
Too bad you voted to take away health care for the thousands in your home state that need it for treatment.
No. I have a theory on that. All opposed to the "skinny repeal" met and decided which 3 would vote no. They only needed 3. 3 safest voted no
Hard to address it without Medicaid. Why did you vote to take Medicaid away from West Virginians?
Because she's a wahoo and not a true West Virginian.
She doesn't understand Mountain people who have hard times protect each other. Daughter of a governor. Doesn't see people's suffering
Yet, you voted to end health coverage to help with drug treatment.  We see you for what you are-a con just like Don the Con.
I don't think this is enough, curious why @pushkinforhouse hasn't acknowledged this given his comments all week. Hyperbole or hypocrisy?

I am more impressed by the every day people working on it every day.
yeah and why don't you vote for your campaign promise of repealing obamacare. disgusting how ronna retweeted a RINO senator.
#trumpdisaster
Gee, it sure would be nice to hear these wonderful accomplishments in person.. like at a #TownHall.
Start with the WV state board of pharmacists. WV Gazette reported that they have boxes upon boxes of complaints that weren't acted on.
He still wants to take away most of your peoples health care
What does this declaration mean in terms of real people? Money for programs? Just wondering...
Its going to take much more than a declaration. Here's a take from a recovering addict:
Says the person that voted yes on a health bill that would have taken health care away from millions! Voters won't forget
He is a narcissistic lunatic
Trump only cares about one person himself he is incapable of compassion for others it's called borderline personality disorder look it up
And to clue you in  45 don't give a flying shit about the opioid crisis because why would he want to gut the very program that helps them
Better late than never, I suppose. Seems like he got quite the backlash for suggesting just jail time & using the "Just Say No" approach.
Follow her example that's what a real women looks like she and Collins stood up to that SOB u are weak we wouldn't forget your vote

Really we will all be nuked dead if someone I don't know the GOP don't move there ass on this lunatic 45 who will need healthcare
Why are you not having Town Hall Meetings? Well if I was you and don't care about the ppl of your state I would stay hide too!! You LIER
His solution is to say "no no"  what a solid plan 
A little less talk and a lot more action, please !!!
Capito has got to ho
Wish it was sooner than 2020.
HYPOCRITE @SenCapito voted to STEAL healthcare from MILLIONS of Americans receiving substance abuse treatment through Medicaid expansion!!!
When we are are all ashes, it won't really matter.
We'd love to discuss this further while you're in #WV. Please? #TownHall
He won't remember his words tomorrow, and he may not feel like it then.  He likes to be unpredicatable, kinda like you on healthcare.
Hey, who needs insurance when there's heroin laced with fentanyl?  You seem ok to let that problem solve itself. #Huntington
legalize and grow pot
And we should believe him why? Neither of you have a good track record of keeping your word.
Good let's start with the Doctors and Pharmaceutical Companies that caused this problem!
You know what's a national emergency? This administration and the GOP. You betrayed the people of this state. Party over country.
Trump did nothing and will do nothing to help addicts. He spouted some stupid phrase like, 'don't do it"  He is worthless. Don't support him
Thank God he took some action.  His "just don't start" approach was destined to go down in a ball of flames.  Like his approval ratings.
You sold out your state's residents when you voted for the skinny repeal. You don't care about healthcare OR opioid crisis.
Why wasn't it an emergency two days ago during his conference about this very issue?
Or that's why he's wants to cut the budget for Office of National Drug Control Policy, cause he cares so much.
Yes a nuclear war will help clean up several epidemics. But survivors might need health coverage.
Your words have no meaning. You voted to gut Medicaid.
But you just voted to deny people access to help like this - are you on the other end of the seesaw with @SenDeanHeller ?
You need to retire you've made politics a career.
.he has no understanding about addiction keep it real health crisis not law enforcement issue
It's been an epidemic for awhile. But not officially until Pres Loco says so?
Disappointed in your healthcare vote!!!
Then you should agree to Medicaid expansion (especially in your state), no?
Yes, that would have been a tremendous start.
His solution! Say no! He's a moron and you are drinking from the well of stupidity. Like you're idea of stripping us of healthcare will help
Yes, 'just say no.' Very effective. Always a sure fire remedy.
Why don't you and @SenateGOP support @realDonaldTrump
Just don't start doing drugs. You'll be fine. How disappointing you are.
What are you doing about Obamacare?
