NO ITS NOT! STRENGTHEN OBAMACARE, THEN MOVE TO SINGLE PAYER,MEDICARE FOR ALL!!!
Healthcare is NOT a right however supporting yourself and your family is...jobs not handouts!!!
How in the world can you defend healthcare not being a right?
Because I come from a generation where your work reflects what you have...you are not entitled to what others work for....
What if your a single mother with breast cancer going through chemo, low earner, you still work a full 40 hours and still called lazy?
Keep your story straight. Do the suffering deserve help or not?
My sister is mentally disabled, my father is a war hero also disabled!!!!  Disabled are covered under Medicaid!!  Elderly is covered under
Medicare!!  Why 2 gov funded healthcare programs????  Why capable abled bodies not working for their coverage???  Common sense here folks!!
How can you say you & @realDonaldTrump are "on the same page". He hasn't kept a consistent thought on HC & doesn't even know what's in bill.
He just made comments about HC costing $12 a year! He promised EVERYONE Cheaper, BETTER HC. This Plan doesn't meet requirements. VOTE NO!
Jobs jobs jobs...competitive market drives down cost! Millions of Americans are without coverage and millions of others have cards & no cov!
Deductibles cannot be met and premiums are out of sight...this is NOT healthcare coverage!!
So u think reducing the pool of insureds & providing substandard insur will bring down ur costs? Insurance is based on volume and statistics
Also consider how many jobs in healthcare will be LOST if BCRA passes. WV will lose 23,000 jobs with repeal of the ACA. This is a disaster.
Read what will happen to WV: 

http://www.wvpolicy.org/how-many-jobs-could-the-ahca-cost-west-virginia/ …
This also assumes things will stay as they are today which we both know will not and should not happen if our reps are doing their JOB.
You are the problem, not the solution... And you are all going to regret not choosing the 99% minority over the 1% majority.  You'll see.
Loud mouth uninformed "patriot"

https://youtu.be/eQShv8DegdM 

https://youtu.be/jGOvOL3raIg 

Blood money, people will die all over the streets...
Funny NOT ONE media report of the masses dead in the streets prior to OCare! Instead of hysteria and drama how about logic and common sense?
