Thank you Sen. Capito. No matter the pressure, you must stand by the people of your state
Funny u say that from Connecticut
I think she is very brave. I am also not a Republicans (I'm an independent) I appreciated her courage...also wrote Sen. Collins.
It was tremendously disappointing to see you are not supporting the bill.
Seriously give me one good thing this bill does.  Just one
It gives people back control over their own healthcare.  Instead of the govt mandating what must b covered and fining non purchasers
Are you also pro choice then? I mean government mandates are bad right? Government can't tell us what to do
It told me I had to purchase. Only gave me pre approved policies. Then fined me if I didn't.  That is telling me what I have to do
I, I, I. Do you have the ability to think of others? 20 million children rely on Medicaid.
They did not cut Medicare.  You were the one that asked if I only cared about pro choice.  You didn't care about the children then.
Please remember your commitment to WV and do not support this bill that would devastate the lives of tens of 1000's of West Virginians.
So far I have found comments from Illinois, NC, Michigan, Connecticut, DC and New Zealand--Reminder they can't vote in our State election
Please put your constituents over your party.
We need you to work to improve ACA!!
$45b for opioid treatment is nothing compared to harm done by Medicaid cuts. Don't use the $ as cover; save Medicaid!
I'm not your constituent but on behalf of sane people everywhere, thank you for your refusal to kick so many of us off of healthcare.
GOP bill cut #Medicaide expansion 400% FPL $99,000 to 350% $85,000 family of 4, Is catastrophe health insurance unaffordable? #TruthMatters
.@SenCapito @senrobportman
Republicans' new tactic: "Look over here while we take away your healthcare coverage!" http://bit.ly/2swlr2L  
@SenCapito,Though the opioid crisis needs more funds, please don't let increased drug trtmt. $ sway your opposition due to medicare cuts.
Me and my son thank you! :) Please remember, if it doesn't cover as many or more people than the ACA, it's not good enough. Fix the ACA..
looking for free? You get Veterans Adm #RationedCare waitlist just like Great Britain & Canada!  Careful what you wish for Democrats gave it
The VA system is too small, not enough Dr.'s & facilities, Medicare For All utilizes ALL Dr,'s & Hospitals in the US. Very different systems
The only waitlists in those countries is ELECTIVE Care. If you want a boob job, that's gonna have to wait. Urgent care is NOT waitlisted
Maybe they can include women when they draft it next time
GOP bill cut #Medicaide expansion 400% FPL $99,000 to 350% $85,000 family of 4, Is catastrophe health insurance unaffordable? #TruthMatters
Reported added money for drug abuse laudable but utterly insufficient. Tens of millions will still lose healthcare coverage. No!
Please stand your ground on this. My fam lives in WV. One, a 37yo mom of 2, is dying of cancer. If AHCA was law she wld be bankrupt already.
No matter what he offers u,no matter how many rubles,&no matter what gifts Pence offers, it's not worth it. Think of your legacy! #resist
WHAT'S wrong, pray tell, with reaching across the aisle & working with D's to COMPROMISE & fix the ACA, as opposed 2 sabotaging it? Courage
Try fixing ACA instead of sabotaging it. Then we'll thank you.
The crum's being offered to you & residents, in order to get you to vote for CapitoCare (TrumpCare) is NOT going to fix probs. w/ this bill
Today's 45B is a "symbolic tweak". Do u care abt your constituents or do u just want to look like you care? Stand up for Medicaid.
Thx for ur clear thinking, ethics, courage. Bad bill, needs dumped not tweaked. Litmus tests: #insured, their costs & coverage.
Addressing concerns is crucial -hope team inclu @PattyMurray @SenGillibrand @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins @SenKamalaHarris #HealthcareBill
Thank you, I am also concerned about this bill. I hope a solution can be found that gets rid of negative effects of Obamacare without hurt.
Thank you for fulfilling your promises to serve your people!
NA & AA are resources with success for addicts. Most expensive programs for addictsALWAYS send them to NA & AA.Methadone therapy =addiction
Please stand your ground. You know your voters better than anyone. Don't worry about attack ads from hard right groups. Stand for ya people
You should have spoken out BEFORE you knew the bill wouldn't happen this week
Lady sen you just use the word compromised listen thats what trump need to do we voting you all out if you repeal an dont fixed together
U have heard about @SpeakerRyan 's wet dreams from college correct? RU in wrong party? Are you Neo Nazi alt right Russian traitor also?
I hope you get healthcare fixed!  Your job depends on it!  67% of us voted for Trump for a reason!  It was not to keep Obamacare!
Do you have insurance? How has ACA negatively affect you? What is so broken?
Your concerns mean NOTHING...!!! I helped elect you for MY concerns, you're meant to represent me not yourself. #RepealReplace

Thank you for caring about us, the American people.
My daughter has Lupus, hip&shoulder pops out, hernia, both knees cap shiftsw/ hcl,acl. Can"t get care deduct need lotto,
U talk about opioid problem, try living w/all I said & Dr won't give pain pills,  ovarian cancer survior, if ur child what would u do
Thank you for not supporting this anti-health bill.  I hope you will also address the massive tax cuts for the rich. #CountryOverParty
The #AHCA will hurt your state where you received bipartisan support. Cutting Medicaid will only make the opioid addiction problem worse.
I'm so proud of the hard work you do.  There must remain #mentalhealth and #drugtreatment access in this new plan or it's gonna get bad!
Thank you! The answer is fixing, not gutting, repealing or replacing ACA.  Smart, bipartisan people want to help. Let them! #ProtectOurCare
Thank you for putting your constituents' needs before party.
We are watching. Don't be suckered into it.  This will hurt the people who voted for you.
Well then help don't procrastinate come up with some ideas
Applaud you both for your stance on this terrible bill that will impact so many people negatively. Thank you.
Thank you! Please work across party lines, that is the only way healthcare/insur will work for Americans. We need to make permanent fixes
Women are looking up to you to  stand up for them.  Please vote no on this health bill that is an assault on women and their families.
Sad to see the peaceful protesters being arrested at your office.  All you had to do is talk to them.  That's your job!
She's a coward. She's also not accepting phone calls
Please vote NO on the AHCA bill!  It takes away too many protections for women, children and the elderly and disabled.
Oh after the bill stalled now you speak out. So transparent
Provide for individuals to obtain coverage through association. Require that any provider licensed to provide group cvge provide indv cov
So you all of a sudden oppose #Trumpcare when it is pulled. It's cowardly. The bill was crap to begin with.
Are you going to be bribed by a promise for more money for drug users yet 1000s of children and seniors die from lack of health care?  Shame
Thank you, Senator. This bill is against our core national values.
Glad you are looking after vul. WVirgians. They believed DJT that he wouldn't take away their healthcare. He lied. You don't have to. 
True political courage to oppose after delay announced
Well how about addressing the concerns of working taxpayers that deal with the mess liberals created by coddling dopeheads from the start
Thank you Senator, fix ACA. Repeal and replace trump instead.
Too little, too late.  After the decision is made you speak out. Stand up, don't hide in the shadows.  Why not a town hall now!
Fix ACA. Current Republican bill's are flawed, callous and immoral. Nation needs bipartisan solution. Enough!
you are very impressive...and everyone will have more time to understand the details of the complex healthcare bill
What exactly are your "concerns that need to be addressed going forward"? Give us a list.
Don't repeal, FIX the ACA
Too bad you wouldn't join the handful of senators who weren't afraid to speak out prior to the delay. We need courageous people rep. us!
Why did you wait until the delay was announced to make your concerns known? Your voice should've been heard long before now.
REMAIN opposed to Trumpcare #McConnellOr22Million #SaveMeCapito #RemainOpposed
For once you stood by WV. Good Job
Thank you Senator! Please work to improve the ACA and not let them pressure you into signing a revised version that won't fix this bad bill
Thank you for saying you will vote NO. Don't sell out at the last minute. Fix ACA!
I am a die hard Dem Shelley but I've always respected you and believe you want good things for us in WV. Glad to see you still do. Thank You
Thank you @SenCapito.  I hope that backbone you found will stand firm if/when @SenateMajLdr tries to bring this horrendous bill to a vote.
Thank you for opposing this bill! Health care is too important to be rushed through -- we need solutions that work for EVERYONE.
Not "too deeply" Shelley. Any cut to Medicaid is too deep. 

Get. That. Through. Your. Head.
Same for Rob, we all see the outs you're leaving to support this abomination if you can get just a couple $'s more in 1-time opioid funding.
Gotta say though - you both showed some real courage, waiting for @McConnellPress to pull the bill before announcing your opposition.
DO NOT CUT MY CARE
Great job with honest info!!  Solution: all the Liberal PACs paying for commercials in WV could donate those $$ to subsidize HC legislation!
Thank you for putting country above party. Please continue to look into ways to help ease the burden of health care costs on all citizens.
Good for you, and good for West Virginia. Thanks, Senator.
Thank you. Now help WV and work for universal healthcare and give help to everyone.
Thank you! Let's find the Real Solution to affordable health care. Giving tax cuts to wealthy people is not a solution.
Thank you @SenCapito! Thank you for standing up for us folks who sent you to Washington to work on our behalf!
You are not looking out for west Virginia! The fact that you waited to make a statement shows you are looking out for your self!
Please support the GOP bill that is why we VOTED for republicans to give them the opportunity to do that. Premiums r out of this world
Why do you hate children? Why would you want elderly Alzheimer patients kicked out of nursing homes? Is that a republican value?
Sad how much #GOP attacked #obamacare! Fixated on repeal/obstruct! #shame on you.
Thank you for doing what is best for WV
Thank you @SenCapito for joining @Sen_JoeManchin . Work together now on a bi-partisan solution. Make WV proud.
You are a coward for waiting for the bill to fail before coming out against it.  Plain and simple.
