Coal  I welcome you to visit Silicon Valley.
Be a great partner in return ? & do your job! repeal the UN-Affordable Care Act!, killing the mid class! you're a #BenedictArnold #Traitor!
How much did your premiums increase over the past years? And did quality of policy improve? If repealed and not replaced, will u have insur?
They doubled! along with copay's,prescriptions,specialist & emer room visits all went up,so us working people can subsidize the freeloaders!
If ACA repealed, will you have insurance thru work, or must you buy your own policy?
Earth to Fool ! we all had health insurance before ACA,you went and got a "job" that provides it ! remember? total #Idiocy,how old are you?
And employers kept cutting their coverages, ins. Posed caps and limits and people went bankrupt. None of this is addressing costs
Obviously the ACA is causing the same results! even worse, but the lie was told & the same crooks that sold it...exempt themselves from it !
That is a lie. A complete lie.
Really? Coal is the future?  You're delusional.
Obama loaned billions to alt. energies they could not make it and went bankrupt.  Coal is still 39% of the country's electric production
Coal continues to fall to 30%, behind cheaper cleaner natural gas at 34%. The last 35% is from zero emission sources.
Obama killed coal industry with regulations.  EPA pulled permits after approval.  Percentage will go up
Again many coal supply was closed because of regulations.  Supply cut off. and carbon caps.  BO did not believe in clean coal
You can believe regulations hurt coal plants, but market forces, retirements, logistics had more to do with the switch from coal to n. gas
I saw it. Ready to build, had fund. for 1 of the largest clean coal fac. & EPA killed.  Their comment--there is no such thing as clean coal.
It was already built and running. It just wasn’t cost effective. That’s why they switched to natural gas
Coal is the past. Get with the present, solar and wind power.
One of the most beautiful places in the world. More nav waterway than any state but Alaska. All poisoned by coal!
How do you like this mercury solution map.
ONE MEAL a month, that is 1/2 a fish! The coal industry has poisoned Kentucky's land, waters & children!
They should be forced to clean it up, except it may not be possible inside thousands of years Crooks, liars & killers
You are astonishingly evil, @SenCapito
Here's what Kentuckians can thank coal for..
Lying to your constituents again.  Coal is dead, and is never coming back.
What are you doing for our President?  Vote to repeal O'Care. Give him a winner. He has helped WV, let's help him!
Such a sell out
bulls**t......
Yes, WV is thriving......wait wait. I meant dying. Thanks Capito!
Complete rubbish
Trump campaigned on providing better healthcare for EVERYONE. Please don't be bought off for concessions.  STAND WITH US!
Just a quick fact check here: Obama actually created more coal jobs in his final six months than Trump has in his first six months.
Senator, MILLIONS of Americans have spoken - over 70% want a bipartisan  fix to ACA.  Please ignore the trolls/bots/attacks & STAND WITH US!
Disappointed in Charleston
Then why did you fail President Trump and conservatives by voting against repeal of ACA like you did in 2015?
Your party is the epitome of evil and sabotage.
NEW: Trump administration used Obamacare promotional money to run a major PR effort against the law http://www.thedailybeast.com/team-trump-used-obamacare-money-to-run-ads-against-it …

NEW: President Trump has made 836 false or misleading claims in his first six months as president. http://wapo.st/2tt24rO 
Sen. those coal workers surely will need affordable quality healthcare as we all now know coal mining can be very harzardous to ones health.
coal industry is dying by natural means and the death cannot be stopped and will also not be covered by Trumpcare
I just hope you have not let down the GOP.  ocare has failed now it will sink.  Who does that help?
And you repay Trump by not voting to repeal and replace Obamacare and making him the target of so much hatred...
You've seen the activism and heard how much this bill will literally end lives. But you might vote yes instead. You have no heart or soul.
No plan will leave people better off. You will be covered in the blood of millions of innocent Americans you will be killing if vote yes
"The president emphasized repeal and replace. We're still working on it. It's moved a lot farther..." 
Any plan will GUT MEDICAID. Pure evil
Lord, you are caving & will do anything to repeal. You're a sick, vile, cruel monster putting party over country

http://www.politico.com/story/2017/07/19/trump-congress-no-recess-health-care-240718 …
@SenCapito vote with @POTUS  or defeated in the next primary
What have u done for his agenda?
Please consider replacing McConnell as your leader.  His process is undemocratic and he is protecting only himself, not you. #SaveACA

Why not move toward the future with clean renewable energy and stop polluting our waters and the lungs of the workers?
Thanks for being strong for WV poor and children and veterans by not defending these immoral deathBills. You are strong and supported.
Disagree. Coal will not save our economy and will only hurt the environment for our children.
We the people are disgusted with you we promise when your term comes up you will b voted out change parties you lied!#No work no recess!
Important decisions need to be made ,not flip floping !Stand with POTUS.Silent majority will remember at the voting polls! Replace or repeal
No variation of a bill for the ACA will help anyone. NO VERSION will help anyone. EVERY VERSION will leave millions worse off.
There you go again, just lost me. Move forward from coal. Dump Trump is is only supportive when he is buying you. Shame on you Shelley Mo!
That's great and all but YOU NEED TO REPEAL OBAMACARE NOW !! Quit making us suffer because you don't like Trump. Get it together @GOP.
You need to stand with our president!
Just when I was starting to like you as my senator you had to post this...


The CBO just scored the latest Senate repeal bill.

17,000,000 Americans will lose coverage by NEXT YEAR.…
RINO get out of town .trator
Uh uh - coal owners are benefited - miners damaged.  Do your homework.
2/2 live below the poverty line?
1/2 https://www.yahoo.com/news/gop-senator-slams-obamacare-repeal-220443211.html … You really think having 75 MILLION people (25% of US pop) on Medicaid is justified? Even though only 14.5%....
Coal is a 20th Century industry.  It will not be "revitalized".  We must phase it out as clean energy replaces it. Please stop blowing smoke
Why don't you explain health care to him if they work with you so we'll? Hmmm? He's totally ignorant and clueless on that.
You couldn't send a tweet about Trumps threats to senators at lunch?
In 2015 you voted for a repeal only bill but I suppose that was because you knew it wouldn't get passed and did it for campaigning purposes
And this is how you repay him? By blocking the repeal vote from even hitting the senate floor? Backstabber!
Coal is dead please aspire to create living wage jobs for the people of West Virginia. It seems like everyone wants up to be the outhouse.
Great! Now help pass Health Care
Remember this ?? #KeepYourPromise
When @SenCapito mocked HRC for "doubling down on Obamacare" (10:10)
Talked abt SQUANDERED TRUST
#KeepYourPromise 
…
You are kidding.
Thank you for having the courage and integrity to vote no on the present bill on health.Proud of your decision.
Then why not help him repeal aca?
sad
Yeah and you should stand by your campaign promise to repeal ACA #Shellyspeakwithforkedtongue
U need to support repeal...election coming up
CBO score is in for the new repeal plan: https://www.cbo.gov/publication/52939 …
Yeah..because the CBO has been so accurate at scoring potential legislation in the past, right?
Do you have a more accurate way to score a bill?
Its the ONLY way bills get scored.  We know that the number of "uninsured" is bogus to start with
We know how many people gained insurance because of the ACA, so not really hard to figure what the number would be if we repealed it.
Actually, we really don't
And in return, you turn your back on @realDonaldTrump and refuse to vote for a bill you already signed!  A true disappointment to WV! #DtheS
But not a great partner in keeping coal country healthy.  Expecting you to stand strong in #bipartisan effort to #FixACA
Coal is dead. Doing disservice to your constituents with this lie. Very few jobs 4 humans as it is automated. #RenewableEnergy is the future
It still provides cheaper alternative to heating in many areas.  Are you advocating increasing their heating cost?
You lied to us. Shame on you. Drain the swamp.
Just realize 600 coal jobs isn't a trade off for gutting healthcare & Medicaid for 180K WV'ians.
Remember - you "didn't come to Washington to hurt people."
In contrast, your are been a very bad partner for the President. Brutus???
@SenCapito We need your No Vote & for all our reps to work together. We are exhausted from stress of losing care. We need bipartisan. Help.
So stand behind him for repealing ACA please WV will come out positive
@SenCapito I pray you are still a No Vote on Repeal. The @USCBO just released scores, not good. Esp concerned for Cancer patients, chemo. Tx
Coal is a dying industry. Nothing u can do about it. Help WVians prepare for future instead of placating them and feeding them b.s.
Stop wavering. Oppose this cruel measure that would leave 32M uninsured, premiums double
CAPITO is still trying to get to yes. Remind her why she came to Washington. 
Reminder who sent her to Washington!
CBO: 49 million without healthcare by 2026 if GOP gets their way! Despicable plan. If u couldn't do it in 7 years prior, Y trust u now?
Why don't you be a "great" partner & get rid of Obamiecare?  Come up with the solution. You'll be a National Hero! 
62.5 Million people are done with Capito Collins Paul and Murkowski they screwd their voters they r taking taxpayer $  and doing 0 no recess
People who are supporting your stand off on repeal are not Repub and won't be voting for youwake up because neither will Reps if not repeal
She wears a mask and fooled the WVA voters shes a democrat but wanted a political job did and said anything to get elected#Vote her out!
You do not support Trump's voters if you don't repeal!! 
Step down. You can't justify your existence.  Even this coal problem Never got any action from you.  You are finished.
Please don't vote for ACA REPEAL OR REPLACEMENT! Stand firm Senator! Work with Dems to fix ACA!
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
We find no evidence of the individual market collapsing. Rather, insurers on track to have best year since ACA began http://www.kff.org/health-reform/issue-brief/individual-insurance-market-performance-in-early-2017/ … 
https://twitter.com/senatedems/status/885533596676763649 …
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Police Chief Probst (Star City): Medicaid cuts will force West Virginians to wait for opioid treatment. “That’s not going to help anybody” 
Yes he stood up for coal country
When everyone else turned
On them coal is going
To China both WV Senaters
Turned on him we will not
Forget
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #BCRA #AHCA #StopTrumpCare #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
To be clear, Obamacare isn't failing. @realdonaldtrump is sabotaging it. 
Then why can't you support @realDonaldTrump when he needs it. Not just trump but all the American people.
Coal is done. Over.
Well, my husband was a coal miner for 25 years so I know a little something.
Talk about heath care!!!! Omg
Worry about healthcare.!!
A traitor in 2015 she voted for repeal in 2017 shes obstructing unseat this democrat!
