@MJPalleschi did u ask this question when entire Dem caucus voted angst will of people on #Obamacare ? Hypocrites.
you getting your talking points from one Ms. Tomi Lahren ?https://www.facebook.com/hasanpikerTYT/?ref=timeline_chaining …
no, I've actually never heard her utter a single word. And so what if I did?
senate Dems rcd $4m from teachers unions; Devos family gave $398k to GOP sens. Hmm...
I'm tweeting you to remind you of the hypocrisy of your argument.
I don't know one person in WV that supports your vote for DeVos. Money talks.
Common word repeated through these tweets = SHAME!!!!!!!
What have you actually accomplished for West Virginia?
you are an embarrassment to WV.
very disappointing for WV...
Capito has go to go. Repeal and Replace Capito . She sold her vote to Devos.
I'm really disappointed I honestly didn't think Capito would sell out the Children of WV by supporting Devos. Totally unqualified
Thank you for listening to the people of #WV and NOT the lobbyists and special interest liberals!
Christ, you're obtuse. DeVos is by definition a special interest lobbyist
LIBERAL special interest teacher union microcephaly lobbyists!
I rest my case.
Why? Aren't you one of those?
How many of us said yes to DeVos? I said no. Like Trump's tax returns, we'll never know. Prove me wrong.
The noise prior to this tweet does not represent reality. Proud to be represented by Senator Capito.
I think you're reprehensible for confirming @BetsyDeVos #shame
Disappointed in your DeVos vote.  We are actively looking for someone to represent us for 2020.
Voted against the best interest of the children of the state you are to represent.  #VoteNoCapito2018
When you lose the next election, you should be thrown from the state. Your lack of consideration for your voters is a disgrace
Extremely disappointed in your vote for DeVos. Horrible choice.
I am appalled. I'd be interested in knowing if DeVos is one of your contributors.
that's the ONLY logical reason... such a disappointment. Set WV school back in a bad way
You confirmed Devos and I'm sure you will vote for the racist Sessions. Vote no on Capito next cycle.
I have always supported you - until now. How disappointing.
So is your goal to make the people of WV too uneducated to notice you've destroyed our beautiful state?
I always ignored party lines to vote for you. Sad that you didn't reciprocate. I expected better from you.
I USED to support her as a strong woman, crossing party lines. #VoteNoForCapito we'll def remember
I have voted for you for every office you have held, but no more.  Devos has no qualifications.
You voted against your constituents. You voted against what is best for this country. You were bought.
#DeleteYourAccount
#DeVos
@SenFranken @SenSanders @billmaher Capito has got to go. She voted for Devos and will vote for Sessions
Capito has got to go Repeal and Replace capito
repeal and replace like WV has not greatly benefited from the ACA...numbers don't lie
Read the tweets from all WV-ians (and USA) you've totally disappointed. I hope you're never re-elected.
SHAME ON YOU for turning your back on public education
#CONGRATS and thank you for #DeVos vote for better education future for our kids.
you are an embarrassment to my home state.
I am so disappointed in you. You certainly lost my vote today.
Your vote was a poor decision and does not represent your constituents. I'm disappointed.
shame on you!!! You are just another DC puppet...enjoy your Koch money
You've let our state down. I will campaign for your opponent with all I have in 2020
.@SenCapito If you truly cared about WV, you would have voted against DeVos. Or did she give you money as well?
Here is the response my friend, a school teacher, received from Sen. Capito regarding her email on DeVos
WV is very disappointed in your vote today for DeVos. You just lost the next election. Stay in DC or KY
you are out of touch with the needs of the state you are suppose represent! Keep voting party lines
Shame on you, you let the kids of #WV down. #VoteNoOnCapito next election
This WV public school parent is extremely disappointed in your vote today.
I don't mean to be catty, (maybe I do) but that dress is UGLY!!
How about we talk about this being your last term.
WV will remember how you let us down in 2020. You betrayed both educators and students today.
have you read the responses to your vote..  No way for you to recover from this..  You're out in 2018
Your vote says all I need to hear   Beyond disgusted.  You put party politics ahead of our children.  Shame on you!
you just lost my future vote
wrong..  Just wrong
You think you are safe because WV went for Trump? Think again, there is something happening in these hills. We will remember.
ignored teachers and concerned parents for benefit of the Republican Party and the detriment of WV. You will never have my vote.
Betsy DeVos will ruin education for WV and the USA, you seem to care only about yourself. WV is only hurt by your selfishness.
@HoppyKercheval  #WV parents (not repubs, not dems) spoke up and you refused to listen. We won't forget. Shame on you.
It's sad that you didn't listen to the people of WV. I'm very disappointed.
Sen Capito SOLD OUT our children. No Respect!
.@SenCapito @TeamCavuto @FoxBusiness I vow to donate and even promote your opponent!! You & all treasonous @gop must go.
You realize we don't have charter schools, right? The millions donated to the RNC talks louder than your own constituents.
So, what sold you on DeVos? Was it the lack of basic knowledge about education or the whole grizzly bear thing?
.@SenCapito @TeamCavuto @FoxBusiness you just blew your chances of getting reelected! You don't give a damn about our kids or our country.
You have failed the children of our country.  You have failed West Virginia.  You chose #DeVos.
YOU HAVE NO SOUL!
ANOTHER EVIL REPUBLICAN, I HOPE THAT YOU DON'T CLAIM TO BE A CHRISTIAN BECAUSE YOU ARE EVIL JUST LIKE THE LOT OF THEM! GREEDY!
disappointed in your vote for DeVos. My children will be starting public school soon in WV & I am very worried.
YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF YOURSELF VOTING FOR BETSY DEVOS! OUR POOR CHILDREN MUST NOW SUFFER FROM HER!
You just proved that money is more important in politics than experience. You betrayed a state who desperately needs help.
It's a real good thing that you're an old woman who will pass away soon  you just voted your office away
shame on you for selling out the children of WV and the US, and endangering their education. Shame!
I hope you're tickled to death with your time in office,cause after today's vote, you're GONE
Great..you can tell us all why you have no respect for the voices of your constituents.
rich woman who's out of touch with those she represents votes for rich woman who's out of touch with those she will represent.
we need to vote you out of office Shelly since you did not listen to your people wanted
we will see if we can not find a better candidate for your seat that listen to what the people
Shame on you.
Fellow WVians, she feels SAFE b/c she isn't up for reelection until 2020! We MUST be vigilant! Dont forget. We must vote her out!
Go on @jaketapper and explain it. Don't just go to your fellow cheerleaders.Let a real journalist ?? you
Sorry, but I give you a "F" grade today for WV Education.
da cuando llegue el momento le darán la espalda y se irá por donde vino!
You're an embarrassment to WV.
You sold us out! How much did Devos pay you? Get ready for a humiliating defeat in the next election!
Would like to see the data on what you heard from constituents. Even my hardcore Repub fellow Mountaineers were against Devos
Are you aware of #WV ranking in education or poverty?! Or can you not see through all the $ in ur wallet
Capito sold her vote to Devos. How much did you get?
unbelievable. You're a traitor to the state.
You betrayed the children of this state for the sake of party today when you voted for DeVos. Our children will pay the price.
We'll be counting the days when you're replaced
you're a damn disgrace. Enjoy the time you have left in office because it's not much
Must be shilling for a national position, voting for unqualified billionaires, leaving WV.
Congrats on choosing money/politics over the youth in this state and country you claim to fight for & love. Hope it was worth it.
you picked party loyalty over what's good for WV students. Sad
disappointed that you went with money instead of the welfare of WV children :(
see here a picture of a coward: she must go at first opportunity
great job ignoring common sense. Ashamed that you represent WV.
u caved!! DeVos is going to be a disaster!
Congrats, you sold out the children of WV - my nieces, nephews. I'll make sure my friends know to #VoteNoOnCapito next election.
Don't waste your breath. You ignored us - your constituents - and voted your party instead. #NoToCapito
Enjoy your last term. We will not be voting you back in.
This was your chance to do the right thing, not the GOP thing. Voters will remember. Read these responses, you messed up on this
Thanks for selling our futures down the river! Way to look out for WV...
Shame on you. Did Betsy buy you off too?
So sorry that you chose to vote for DeVos. Her platform will not help kids or adults in WV get a better education. Sad.
Pathetic
Did you even research DeVos or just did what McConnell and trump told you to do? UR father wouldn't have
nothing you can say
Capito will not be reelected.  She does not listen to constituents.  Fraud like her dad.
I can't believe you voted for DeVos!  What is wrong with you?! You have lost my vote.
Your constituents will remember how you voted today. The people of West Virginia deserve better. #NoDeVos
As I see Devos passed Capito must not be reelected next cycle. Capito has got to go!
Judging these responses, you ignored your voters & clearly work for everyone but WV.
are you kidding me, is there one person in the state of WV that supported your vote for DeVos #notmysenator
Capito is a freaking joke. The dumbasses in WV keep voting her in. She hates the peeps of WV
talk about #sellingout our state for selfish interests! Failing our kids, shameful! Will vote you out.
Shame on you. Your entire state asked you to vote no on DeVos. I'm done with you.
Please make sure to clearly explain why you hate our children.
Shame.
what everyone else said
you should be ashamed
You ignored WV voters and our children.
I see that human decency didn't stop you from voting the way you did today. Who needs a heart, right?
Very disappointed. How could you let someone so blatantly ignorant into a position this important?
I am ashamed of you
u let ur friends and family down
I am so disappointed in your vote for DeVos. I will work diligently against your reelection from this day on.
WV will not stand for your spineless actions. We were all watching you, and you've failed us.
I come from a family of Republicans and teachers. You let WV down today and we will not forget.
You let my family, my #WV and America down today. Not the first time, and I'm sure it won't be the last. But #DeVos vote was big.
Giving me an ED Sec with no educ exp is like having a president with no govt experience... oh wait...
U made it clear u r about party not policy. Nvr will vote for u again.
how about you stand up for education and vote no on DeVos.
Your Yes vote today will be costly in 2018. It will be remembered. #VoteNoCapito will be the next campaign. So Sad.
, please share the tally of yes/no calls, emails, faxes, etc you have received from WV voters on DeVos
You have COMPLETELY disregarded the needs of WVians with your yes vote! We will NOT FORGET!  I hope the DeVos $ was worth it!
You just voted against the children of WV.
SHAME ON YOU!!!
Sad. But true. My home state!!
Disgraceful, you are supposed to represent the people of WV, DeVos will do nothing for our schools.
You just lost the next election! Way to sell out every children! I will remember this vote over all others!
If you continue to support treasonous trumpov and not call for him to release tax returns,  you are a traitor also.
.@SenCapito @TeamCavuto @FoxBusiness - Shelley is selling out her constituency with false hope, garbage education (DeVos) and EPA rollbacks
One last plea to put WV children before party politics! Vote #NoOnDeVos!
vote no be a rebel
