Holding a DHHR paper saying you've lost your coverage as of 7 1 2017 do to them lowering the amount of money you're allowed to make
Talk to @RandPaul, he has a plan...
Think about what your saying. Your talking about bad personal decisions. Your voting on health Ins. Think about law abiding working WV 1st
Anyone who thinks Obamacare is doing a good job has never had to actually use it. The system is failing. People lossing coverage. 7/1/2017
Don't let McConnell persuade you to change your vote vs Senate Health Care bill by tweaking it to make small changes.
Don't let McConnell change the bill to get your vote! Continue to oppose it.
Thank you. Please stand strong for the people of your state. #savemecapito
Cuts?
Thank you for following your conscience !
Do not even think about voting for it. I'm from Newell WV. Don't you dare!
Working class can't take on all the burdens when buying health coverage We don't get all  benefits and have high deductibles and premiums
Ever think expanded Medicaid is what's paying for much of the abused opioids?
My folks in Logan would be hurt by Trumpcare
Don't forget the harm to women this draft makes.  Women in WV will lose access to family planning, and preventative & maternity care.
It also defunds Planned Parenthood. #IStandWithPP So should you.
So planned parenthood can buy votes in elections . No thanks. Money wasted
I do vote for candidates who care about women's health, yes.
Fantastic news @JohnKasich @MalcolmNance @SenDeanHeller @GeorgeWBush__
Stop blaming the opioids epidemic on the federal government. Blame the people that start their own addiction.
Thank you!
No Medicaid cuts are acceptable.
It's not cutting Medicaid it's increasing funding, just not as much as Obamacare calls for
Medicaid grows because healthcare costs grow. This bill makes spending grow slower than costs, necessitating service cuts.
And this is my fault how?  Why should I suffer with premiums tripling to $1200+? Why should AZ suffer with 116% increases this yr
Why should Alaska suffer with 207% increases this year? Why should Iowa have only 1 insurer and suffer a 43% increase
You clearly have no idea what BRCA does. Premiums will be lower for young people, higher for old people.
Deductibles will be through the roof
I want healthcare to go back to the way it used to be.  Cheaper, better quality, more choices, and less taxes
How about the working class?
You're talking to a republican senator. They don't give a damn about the working class.
Our state needs some major Medicaid cuts.Young healthy people want great coverage w/o working. We are destroying society by letting them
Thank you for caring about our state elderly
NO cuts 
I have family that is losing it. And more cuts to come
You know what's right. You know how this is going to affect people. You may lose donors, but you are saving lives. #reallifehero
Thank you for putting constituents first.
smaller hospitals in rural areas will go bust also.
Thanks for your update
I don't believe funding junkies should  be in Health care reform, they should be referred to A.A or N.A.
Trump won WV state by a huge margin bc he promised to repeal Obamacare and that's what West Virginians want or they would've voted for him!!
Screw fundings for junnkies peoples health comes ffirst.
We don't care about drug addict junkie losers we want you repeal, you promised it, people voted for u bc they want repeal, time to deliver!
Thank you for listening and standing your ground. You have my support
Thank you!
Make the right choice irregardless of the backlash u may get. This isn't "Survivor" where u get a prize for lasting longer than the others.
I know u will hear u don't care about the overdoses in our state u want old people to die and kids with asthma not to get their medicine
Do that on the State level by empowering the States more. Every bill cannot curtail to every State's needs. Look @ the big picture
Thank you!  Please continue to fight for us!
Thank you. Stay strong.
Thank you for putting people before party
Just say No!
Thank you, Senator. Please continue to fight for urgent funded care for those with opioid addiction. #91deaths/day.
Thank you!
Sen Capito wanted to say the vid w mother of cancer survivor was touching, nice to see your compassion. TY for not supporting this bill
You should stop at "cut Medicaid". No cuts are acceptable.
Thank You Senator for standing with your state. We cannot abide any more cuts to budget or services here in WV, we must stop being last.
Now you come out against it. This is shameful behavior for a representative of West Virginia. Easy to take a stand after the fact. 
What does it take to make it acceptable to you?
& is devastating for entrpreneurs & small business owners w/out group plan access. My premiums would be approx. 40 pct of income.
I understand your compassion, therefore your hesitation to vote on the bill as it stands. However, please defund PP.  Save our children!
Father Destroys his Representative Over the Health Care Vote!!!!!  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zEc3TcUxDFI …
You are 100% correct. People have to understand that we can't afford to keep young & old people alive AND give Billionaires a tax break #DUH
Mabye just dont cut Medicaid?  How's that sound????
Senator!  Why cut medicaid AT ALL?? Please think of the Mountaineers you represent.  You aren't in Congress just to be a Republican.
Why are we cutting Medicaid at all?
So which West Virginians do you want to cut off Medicaid @Sencapito? Foster kids? Ppl in nursing homes?Pregnant women?The disabled?
Ldership plans to make the Bill even more draconian to appease Lee, Paul, Cruz & Johnson. Will you stand w/ your voters and oppose BCRA 2.0?
Finally a little backbone. Now go do something to make health care affordable. Not just a tax cut for he rich.
You forgot: it hoses old people  those w/preexisting conditions, and is all about giving $ to the super-rich. Why delay saying absolutely NO
Hoses ALL with Preexisting conditions, gives states a 2B incentive to cut our treatment which is death for many
"cuts Medicaid too deeply"? Please Senator, DO tell WV voters how deeply YOU think Medicaid should be cut. Then say buh-bye to your job.
Your were elected to repeal & replace not to submit to bleeding heart left!
Thanks for your thoughtful and, I believe, accurate view of the bill.
Don't let them buy your vote with a few modest tweaks. ACA has helped so many West Virginians. Work to improve it, don't destroy healthcare.
they said on TV , it doesn't effect Medicaid....
Fix the Healthcare we have now and just rename it if that makes trump feel better. Don't make Medicade cuts
Thanks Shelly you have taken the right course , now work to make it better.
Why are there cuts to that program to begin with?
A third of your constituents depend on medicaid!! There should be no cuts at all !!
Please work with dems to shore up ACA. You can change the name to Capitocare.
Thanks for standing up FOR West Virginians and AGAINST Trump! Please keep it up!
Thank you for putting people before party (at least for now). Good job.
She will flip for $
"Cuts Medicaid too deeply". So cuts are still okay?
Great, but it also jacks up premiums & deductibles, & eliminates essential benefits like hospitalization & ER visits. You're fine with that?
"Too deeply"

So you want to throw people off Medicaid but not as many.
It could if you put stricter rules because those safe homes are really ripping off the government with very little return
Senator; thank you-- There can be no question that more than $700B in Medicaid cuts will devastate struggling WV families. Pls vote NO.
Correct on opioid put more $ there helps with Medicaid; current law Medicaid $ projected annual growth too high compared to last 5-10 years
Even with the best retirement planning these changes will give our hard saved retirement $ to the super rich while we decide health or food.
Thank you for opposing. Thank you for putting the needs of real people over loyalty to self-seeking party hacks.
And, let me guess, you will vote for it anyway!
Also allows annual /lifetime coverage caps that affect EVERYONE!!
Speak out earlier, coward.
Yes. And West Virginia has been hit especially hard by the opioid academic, along with OH, PA, KY, and NH.
Why should I suffer in favor of junkies?  I follow the law and I'm taking a back seat to criminals? I don't think so
I only wish @RoyBlunt @GOP was thinking this way about his constituents here in Missouri. Same issues, but he doesn't seem to care a bit.
That's because he doesn't. At all.
Mo resident here, MO will be a death state upon approval MO will take the 2B incentive to cut EHBs which treat illness, RX, hospital., etc
#Amen
Medicaid expansion = letting able bodied, childless adults get treated for cancer, diabetes, addiction, and other illnesses.
1/2 babies born under Medicaid
Way to step up.  After vote postponed.  Sheesh!
Thank you Senator please vote no to Trumpcare and work in a bipartisan manner to craft a bill that benefits everyone
ACA benefits millions from coast to coast, including WV. No need to hastily craft an entirely new program. Fix whatever's wrong with ACA.
The reason Trump & GOP congress won't fix ACA is because it belongs to Obama Trump is jealous of Obama so he is destroying everything he did
