Stop lying and stop trying to screw the entire middle class to please the uber wealthy. #NoTaxBreakForBillionairea
No one in my home state of West Virginia will benefit from this. No one.
And the deficit?  Is that a win?
It didn't sound like Tax reform though. Just toying with rated.
I can’t wait till you have to run again
How many of the richest 1% in the nation who will get 79% of your tax cuts even live in WV? Yet you plan to cut our state tax deductions?
Look n puffy sis
Maybe that how they do their looks over to Russia. Sis want to fit in lmbo
#CHIP #CHIP #CHIP #CHIP
YOU'RE THE DEVIL
Welfare for the rich lady. You’re not fooling anyone but a 30 % mad max crowd
Keep lying to yourself and see what happens
#racistgop tax break for billionaires. Hey no man-made #climatechange ? No invoking the #25thAmendmentNow ? No #singlepayer? Just $ 4 rich
Not GOP package. You know its a billionaire gift tax. No win-win for kids on Medicaid n SNAP. And what happens 2 CHIPS kids? @VigilanceJCWV
Trickle down has NEVER worked before.
You can't seriously believe the stuff you try to sell to us.
More lies!  Trickle Down economics has never worked...wake up.
Especially for the wealthy...
Mrs Capito nothing is a win win when it comes to middle class  we are the working poor that is taxes everything we own we don't own nothing
Brought 2 u by same GOP leaders who crafted horrible healthcare bills. We need tax reform that gives no perks 2 wealthy. #taxtherich
That’s not the way we heard it was going to be.
The House will cave and the Senate will waffle. Perhaps we Mountaineers should start listening to Steve Bannon.
We are not idiots. The wealthy benefit. Mega donors like Koch bros are pushing this. It's not for us. We get screwed, same on health care.
Win win win for corporations. Biggest loss for working families.  Shelley, I thought you worked for the people...
You are brain washed.  This tax reform only favors the rich.
This is utter nonsense. Renew funding for #CHIP

The FY18 Budget gives $1.5TRIL in tax cuts to the richest Americans. It cuts about the same from Medicaid & Medicare. Whose side are you on? 

1: This executive order will offer CRAPPY health care, SPIKE premiums for people with pre-existing conditions, and DESTABILIZE markets... https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/917698839846576130 …
Wv is poor lot of people I know trying to make it will move in to 0 taxes and for all you Democrats that means pay no taxes vote for
More opportunities if you are in the 1%.  Less opportunities for the rest of us
Sen. can you share with ur constituents & the viewers of this tweet, the grade you received in rudimentary math? Can we get the Transcript ?
Clap Trap!
Nice try.
Vote for tax reform
Yes, that's what tax reform means. What has been proposed is a tax cut benefitting mostly the rich with no way to pay for it.
Only for you and the top 20%.  You think this is going to save your reelection. Grasping at straws.
Benefits the wealthy a lot more than it does the middle class.
Hmmm. So Anderson Cooper invited all 52 GOP senators to come on his show tonight and every one of you said NO. Profiles in cowardice.
Tax reform... Tax cuts are going to be the majority of what happens here.
2/2 In my personal situation, MORE income will be subject to tax. But without brackets, I can’t tell if I am helped or hurt.
Until all details are known, that can’t be said. W/o bracket breakpoints, effect not calculable 1/2
Unless you're not rich. Then, it's a lose-lose.
Tax reform for the middle class:  YES 
Tax reform for the wealthy: NO
Its a win win for the wealthy, the rest of us not so much. #dumpthegop
You can’t possibly believe this. How craven are you to sell this lie with all the poverty in your state?
Please Senator, let's not turn the United States in West Virginia into Kansas.
Yes it is. Pass the fair tax amendment now.
No vote for you. You're lying, Shelley.
Not GOP tax reform. It is a win for the wealthy owners of GOP pols like yourself at the expense of middle and working class Americans.
We need to see more than a 9-page outline.
For rich people and for you. Not for anyone else. You are lying.
Details for the middle class, please.
No, it's not. 
And you know damn well that it isn't.
Will you vote for tax reform?  Have you broken away from the RINO gang?  I don't believe you
Tax reform means higher taxes for middle class West Virginians to give your richest donors a tax break. Try being honest, Senator.
Bull shit.  We know the bottom rate is going up, middle rates may stay same or go up - the winners are you and wealthy buddies.  F.O. LIAR
A lot more for millionaire senators and billionaire governors Little change for everyone else. Capito has got go and so does @Sen_JoeManchin
Cutting millions from Medicare and Medicaid is a win-win for you? What kind of monster are you
The proposal is not Tax Reform.It is tax breaks for the wealthy on the backs of the poor and middle class. #Disgraceful
for your rich donors
Win-win if you are in the 1% collecting 80% of the tax cuts. At least be creative about your lies.
Trickle Down is a win for the wealthy ONLY!     Say NO to Trickle Down!
You have 2.6 Million dollars and you think you need a big tax break to stimulate our economy?   Fund the federal budget it makes us great.
Your tax reform is strictly for the wealthy. They receive huge reduction while middle class get nothing.
Did you read the data from Kansas I shared? No your reform isn’t for everyone.
More DEBT. Like Trillions more.

PS - i see we've moved messages from "no tax cuts for 1%" to "everyone wins". Sneaky...but we're not dumb.
No, it isn't. It's a giveaway to the wealthy and does very little for everyone else. Middle class may see INCREASE. #NoMedicaidMedicareCuts
Look Shelley, WV is a poor state. Very few people are going to benefit from the Trump tax cuts except for billionaires like @WVGovernor

The Top 1% get nearly 80% of the Trump tax cuts.  Top .1% get nearly 40% of the cuts. This is absurd. 

1: This executive order will offer CRAPPY health care, SPIKE premiums for people with pre-existing conditions, and DESTABILIZE markets... https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/917698839846576130 …
Except Trump and republicans tax reform is for the wealthy, like your governor. Middle class gets screwed Trump gets a big tax cut.
Shelley, quit lying! You know very well your statements are false and that trickle down doesn't work!
#FakeNews #FakeShelley
You lie through your teeth better than a lot of your colleagues.
Why did you sale your souls to Premier Toddler Trump??
A WIN-WIN for the top 1% not LOSE-LOSE for the poor and middle class WVians that voted for you!
Agree
YAY! More money for the rich!
everyone except for middle class homeowners - who will have to pay DOUBLE their current property tax liabilities w/o SALT deduction.
