Can you pass a revised healthcare bill that does not break the bank?
You don't have enough time and bills to sponsor in your term to make up for yesterday's f***up. Might as well resign now and be done with it
WV!  McConnell has taken out the $ Shelley negotiated for opioid add.  He knows she will vote yes anyway
Opioid funding Capito+Portman negotiated reportedly out of Skinny; they presumably know won't cost them C+P's votes. http://www.politico.com/story/2017/07/27/obamacare-repeal-republicans-status-241025 … 
How about all benefits for all veterans including those that received discharges for being LGBQT?
Kaiser: Uninsured rate, under any Senate bill, skyrockets 300% in WV. How does WV overcome a 300% hike in uninsured? They will blame you.
You voted to take away vets coverage they Medicaid. Endi their mental health benefits.  Stop preventive care and maternity. Stand 4 USA 
One of the top 6 biggest LIARS in the senate. You will lose your job soon. Obama minion.
Health care for vets JUST IN: CBO: 16 million more would be uninsured under GOP "skinny repeal" bill
What about our health care!
Capito  stabbed good WV' people in the back today by not voting for repeal of Obamacare. Corrupt like her Daddy
Capito failed conservatives today by not voting for repeal of Obamacare
Do you job
How big will MILLIONAIRE @SenCapito's TAX CUT be when she STEALS healthcare from 218,000 West Virginians???

#KeepCalling
LIARS the whole bunch of GOP bait & switch artists and cousins to tRump.
Must be vetoed!
Shame for vote no on repeal Now 300 have lost jobs at CAMC! NOTHING IS FREE EXCEPT YOUR INS ON OUR BACK GET ON Ocare SEE HOW U Rinos like it
Your taking healthcare from http://Veterans.How  can you sacrifice the people in your state who need healthcare. Party over people
U voted to keep Obamacare!!!
I am not living in your state but like what I read. Thank you for looking out for people
Your a liar
While you kill the rest of us.
You still voted for discussing stripping healthcare from desperate people.
I knew your number when I contacted you to help my husband who has been trying to get VA benefits since 1995 and you did nothing.
We're Republicans and we've had more help from Joe Manchin and Evan Jenkins, while you did absolutely NOTHING.
I don't buy your "support" when you screw vets out of healthcare. You are a liar who came to Washington to hurt people. Especially vets.

So many voters fooled by a charlatan like tRump.Never going to do anything right by for American people unless you are on his rich mans team
I hope the President vetoes any of your bills!
And then you vote against repeal of Obama Care?  TO MAKE US ALL EVENTUALLY GET SUCKY VA TREATMENT?!! WTH?!
You broke your promise about Obamacare. You are tainted goods.
Good conservatives need to run against both Capito and Machin
and make WV finally a a non bottom dwelling state
Okay, but what about health care? Nothing you do matters at the moment if you don't get that right.
This. The healthcare vote will define your career and your legacy, Senator. Please do what you KNOW is right.

Yes, many will use the only true power any American has anymore,the power of the VOTE and marginalize the GOP as a servant of wealthy donors
Who cares? Do what you said you were going to do. You've voted with Rep. 3 times on health-care bill in 2 days. LM and SC have the courage .
To vote for their people, not for MM or DT. You're gutless. All talk, like usual. You're MM and DT's lap dog. Get a clue. You didn't vote ..
Lots of folks telling you to vote no on repeal, few of them from W. Va.
Thank you for your vote against the Repeal and Delay bill, today. Courage is needed, when lives are at stake.
I urge you to also vote "No" on the Skinny Repeal bill that is expected to come to the floor.
Healthcare is too important to be decided in this chaotic, partisan manner. We need a bipartisan solution that goes through regular order.
It's not going to work anymore. You were elected to repeal. Either do your job and vote a straight repeal or resign.
Free market healthcare NOW! Repeal that crap.
Way to go Shelley
You mean Veterans who aren't Trans right. Because only the matter right? You hypocrite #traitor
But you just voted to strip medicaid benefits from veterans by voting for MTP. It is not too late to STAND UP and walk your talk:
How about the other working Wv
What about their healthcare?
You continue to be all mouth and no action. At least 2 women had the courage to say no. You just want the publicity-they took action. Weak!!
Wake up, Shelley! What about the 180k WV's losing Medicaid. I guess you forgot that yesterday. You are spineless. LM and SC have guts.Not U
That Republican bill will kill veterans.
How about maintaining benefits for millions of disabled Americans! No cuts to Medicaid!
Your reputation is dropping by the minute http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/health-care-senate-repeal-moderates-mcconnell_us_5978a2c7e4b0c95f3760892a?ncid=inblnkushpmg00000009 …
How many working veterans lose healthcare if Medicaid is cut?  #hurtsWV
If you want to help vets further, run as far away from #Trumpcare as you can. Let that monstrous bill die. For the sake of vets, WV and all.
Thank you for caring about our veterans!  #RepealObamacare #RepealAndReplace
Vote no to repealing ACA. Vote no on the versions of the deathcare bills you have not had a chance to read before vote. People before party
Please vote NO on Skinny-it will increase premiums! Tricks>gut Medicaid! WV people over party!
1) Veterans need expert healthcare and a lot depend on ACA. 2) what does VA committee feel about your president's transgender ban?
Vote no on reelection of Capito
Too bad you just threw the ones on Medicaid under the bus with your vote yesterday. Vietnam veterans are not pleased with you.
Some of the most vulnerable populations in the United States live in WV. Will you delight in their misery?
But not for our transgendered service men and women, right? Supporting hateful and idiotic legislation will cost you your career.
Are you excited to be a Liar?
And votes to make sure our state stays healthy and hospitals don't close? #ProtectOurCare #SaveMeCapito
Is that going to include transgender vets?
Too bad they won't have health coverage
I'm all for education help but. . . Was this one of the reason's you have voted with party line with health care? Your pay back?
Taking medicaid from vets is not helping them or the rest of us. What other "bargains" are you getting.
These bills won't really help vets much if they're subjected to the death of 1,000 cuts that is #SkinnyRepeal. STAND UP, CAPITO. VOTE NO. 
#CapitoLies

Cool, but let's make sure we cut their healthcare access.
MORE: I will only vote to proceed to repeal legislation if I am confident there is a replacement plan that addresses my concerns.
Go back to West Virginia and hide in your treason.
the sound of those veterans calling you out, for using them as a shield, as you allow their family ACA be un-funded, will be deafening..!!.
You should ask yourself, how does $100B help, when cut is $800B to Medicaid? That money spread out among states. WV will be hurt
How about their healthcare benefits Senator?

They would far prefer health benefits. You lied to us. You lied to the elderly. You lied to our veterans. You lied again and again.
Shame on you
Remember this? I don't think you do.
Be strong and fight for the people. You'll be a HERO to more than 32 million if you VOTE NO REPEAL!!Don't take care away children,veterans..
By the way Shelley Mo, President Obama tried to improve benefits for Veterans but Republicans continuously blocked, so quit your bragging!
Now WORK together for a 100% vote on HEALTHCARE! Women didn't even have representation when these bills were haphazardly thrown together!!
Please vote to keep Medicaid in WV.  The citizens of WV: elderly, opioid dependent folks and rural poor need your support.
If you think Portman payoff will save WV, think again. Cut of 49% to WV is massive. Not enough money for all states to make up $700B cut
Shame on you Shelley Mo! Your true colors shined through. You are NOT a nice person.
Now vote for full repeal.
And their healthcare??
Selling out WV again to the GOP. Once again, you fail to support your State and the people you were sent there to represent.
@SenCapito, please support your constituents. The BCRA will gut Medicaid and West Virginia needs Medicaid.
Kaiser: 214,000 WV'ians Medicaid will lose coverage

Rural WV hospitals will close, health care jobs lost.
#ORRA would repeal the #ACA Medicaid expansion, costing states $700B in federal funds from 2020-26 http://kaiserf.am/2vJ1uE7  
Have you run the numbers on how many #Veterans depend on the Medicaid system you seem bound and determined to destroy? #ProtectOurCare
I served from 1998-2001. Why do you guys only care about Veterans that served after 9/11?
But fuck the healthcare for the veterans anyway.
YOU, Senator, are NOT standing with WVians as you promised. You are a sellout and a liar.
Congrats on the bill why did you screw over your constituents by voting 2 bringing  that horrible hc the POTUS is jacking us with, shameful

Capito confirms that she is accepting the $750 billion in Medicaid cuts she denounced last week bc of an amendment that added $100 billion. https://twitter.com/petersullivan4/status/890257462221320192 …

Trump administration effectively admitting that "skinny repeal" is just a pathway to go back to even more damaging cuts in conference https://twitter.com/CNBC/status/890189449442865152 …
Excited for you to keep your promise not to go to DC to hurt people.

People about to be hurt: please call now. 
This is big. JAM HER PHONES. Tell her it's a Trojan Horse to gut Medicaid. https://twitter.com/petersullivan4/status/890257462221320192 …
They need HEALHCARE, Sen. Capito! I'm proud ex-Air Force brat, dad served 28 years, recently passed at VA. Got great care all vets deserve!

Keep your promise vote no on repeal without replace.
If you really want to do something meaningful ,PLEASE go back & join Senators Murkowski & Collins and save veteran's health care!
No one believes you actually care about people. Only a "nay" on whatever monstrosity Mitch comes up with will help fix that.
Please protect the #ACA and Medicaid for the citizens of our beautiful state. We are counting on you.
what did Trump promise you in return for your vote?
Very disappointed  in your performance
Once you send this bill off to Conf, Medicaid will be massively cut and they won't care about impact on states like WV. You should vote NO
Repealing ACA will do just that!!!!
??? Education but not health care for veterans? That makes absolutely NO sense.
Congratulations! Now, can you please protect the Medicaid benefits for WV, and insurance subsidies? Don't cave to pressure.
You should be ashamed of yourself. What about the neighbors and friends if these vets? Your priorities are askew.
@Vets_Vs_Trump @ConcernedVets she votes to cancel your healthcare and then wants to ed you with PR stunts. Laughable and shameful.
You sicken me. How about their healthcare? Mental health is barely covered as it is and You want to make it worse. Sleep well at night? Evil
Senator, you said you don't go to Washington to hurt people. I admire that statement. Now you need back it up with a vote for healthcare!
Yet on Healthcare, you would leave them out in the cold.  This is what your vote says.
What happened in the span of 7 days? It couldn't possibly have been that speech to the @boyscouts
Well, Missy, Hurt is turning to anger real quick. Your legacy and seat are on a downwards spiral.
Vets depend on #Medicaid. What are you doing to ensure veterans healthcare is protected? #SaveOurCare #ACA
You should be thinking West Virginia families right now, many w/ Vets. Portman amendment payoff won't save WV from 49% cut to fed spending
She voted YES again last night! Shame!
Senate *rejects* Obamacare replacement plan (BCRA w/ Cruz amndt) 

9 GOP NOs…
She's voting again today at 3:30. Call 844-432-0883!
Are they going to get educated on how to treat their own medical issues since you voted to take away their healthcare coverage?
But you'll happily screw them and their families out http://of.health  care. You are a terrible human being.
Nice self-promotion as you vote to destroy healthcare for millions, you self-obsessed twit.
Don't let Trump bully you! Don't repeal healthcare! It's easier to fix the ACA than start from square one. @realDonaldTrump #Trumpegomustgo
"I did not come to Washington to hurt people" - Sen. Capito

Did you come to Washington to kill people instead?  VOTE NO!
Lots of drug issues among our veterans. Please protect them by keeping and improving the ACA. Do not repeal.
Keeping ACA improves NOTHING!!  Please get educated!!!!
Thank you 4 working to improve the lives of our nation's finest (American Veterans) Sen. Capito. God bless you, Mam. #MAGA @Sen_JoeManchin
just another shill politician enabling trump's horrendous agenda. kept HER healthcare, destroyed ours! move along folks nothing to see here.
Let's be real, if you vote yes - PEOPLE WILL DIE - and folks will experience the woe & misery of extreme med debt and inadequate healthcare.
Sit down & shut up #hypocrite #liar. You're voting to rip healthcare away from them & millions of others. You're party is unAmerican trash.
If this is what you got for voting yes on poor healthcare, then you made a terrible tradeoff.
So if they can just avoid getting sick they're cool with you, huh?
repeal & replace!!!
200 billion isn't a justification for gutting medicaid. These are POISON  PILLS to the social safety net & healthcare for many.  VOTE NO!
And if they are alive, are able to walk, aren't too sick to learn, or working 3 jobs to pay for insurance, I'm sure they'll appreciate it.
So day before yesterday, not in DC to hurt people. Yestrdy in DC to hurt pple.  Today in DC not to hurt people. Do we need to keep calendar?
What about their healthcare? or do you expect dead people to come to class?
Sure , they know they will be dead without healthcare .
The skinny on "skinny repeal" is that it screws us just as much as other  GOP plans.  DON'T SELL US OUT for an inadequate concession.
You're a fraud.
It wont matter, if you vote to repeal Medicaid. Any bill that moves forward to conference, will do just that. 2M Veterans on Medicaid.
Are you going to vote to take away healthcare for15-32 million Americans?  If so, shame on you.  That would be "mean."
Don't repeal ACA
You're an evil person
Please don't repeal ACA.
BTW - how's your GOLD STAR health plan working for you?  You know, the one the TAXPAYERS PAY FOR!!!
Then why did you vote to strip medicaid benefits from veterans by voting for MTP and BCRA?

Skinny bill does ZERO to LOWER  premiums for any freelancer ages 50-64.  We cannot afford it!  WHAT ARE YOU DOING ABOUT THIS?
Senator, you've lost credibility here in #WestVirginia.
Why did you vote to move the garbage healthcare bill forward?
.@votevets what say you about Capito patting herself on the back for the ed vote a day after voting to move catastrophic healthcare fwd?
It'll be hard for them to go to school if they lose their healthcare, Senator. Do the right thing.
How are your voting on Repeal only?
Please don't repeal ACA
But fuck them and their healthcare right?
How can you vote for this bullshit when you know what it will do to your state?
Please don't repeal ACA
