All WV we need to vote Capito out, she only cares about herself. Vote no on repeal!
Carbon technologies don't matter when your WV families and children have no healthcare. You've let them down.
Stop lying about carbon technology there is NO clean coal even if carbon could be captured what a waste of $$ @davidclark1965
Vote for the health of WV! Fix ACA issues, don't repeal it and strip necessary health coverage from your constituents. We will remember!
Is this what WV wants???
Please don't vote to kill me. #trumpcare
Working West Virginians cannot carry able-bodied people abusing Medicaid on their backs any longer. What about us??
You are a Russian troll bot.
Vote NO!
Don't hurt your constituents with a Yes instead stand by them with a No
#MakeWVBlueAgain
And please vote NO on this health care mess; there is no plan; needs everyone's process, not secret nothings; all are watching! Thank you !
Thank you!
Coal is dead. How about you address that vile speech given by Trump to an audience of boy scouts? Do you think that was appropriate?
As a father I found it repugnant that a sitting president would infer the sexual escapades of a so called rich man with a yacht.
Not to mention egging the crowd to boo the former president who was a boy scout. You are all a bunch of syncophant hypocrites.
Complete  from Capito , she lied , she lies , get her out !!!!
sorry no clean energy under trump appointed EPA.  No science either.
Liar.
You are a terrible senator
Vote to Repeal & Replace Shelley!  Remember what you said during the primaries!  You'll be held accountable, one way or another!
PLEASE vote NO to healthcare bill. How can you vote for something when you don't know what it is! #SavaACA
VOTE NO ON THE MTP!
Make you vote matter on healthcare vote.  You legacy can be one of protecting and serving WVians or serving special interest.
If you can't stand up for our most vulnerable in WV then you have no business calling yourself a United Stated Senator! @GOP #KillTheBill
No on MTP - it's a trap. Pass a shell, shell goes to committee, no chance to amend/moderate, up or down vote. Millions harmed. Stand strong.
Please vote NO on Trumpcare.

Alexis Scott is one of almost 500,000 veterans who would lose Medicaid under the Senate bill. Share your story: https://handsoff.org/  
Please vote NO on the ACA repeal!
PLEASE VOTE NO ON HEALTHCARE!! We need Obamacare to take care of us. Will you please not let us down today?
Vote NO on this hidden bill no just WV will than you! #KillTheBill
Vote YES on Obamacare/ACA REPEAL! Represent your state! It's why you were elected!
Vote no on repeal and replace: people lives depend on this
PLEASE throw those 22+ mil Americans who'll lose medical ins. a bone. Stand strong & PLEASE do the right thing by them. VOTE NO! Thank you.

Simple fact - Today, @SenateGOP are voting to strip healthcare to provide large tax cuts to the wealthiest Americans. 
#BackDoorGenocide
Vote no Senator. Every vote matters and will be remembered in 2018
Hold your head up and say "no"
There is a clear right and wrong here
Don't be bullied or intimidated
Be a woman who does the right thing
will you stand up for your state and all states by voting NO on motion to proceed on debate of a bill you've not seen?
#SaveACA #ProtectOurCare
Please vote no!  This is inhumane
Vote No on MTP on an unknown bill and now McConnell has stated its a full repeal:
This morning, @SenateMajLdr informed me that the plan for today is to take up the 2015 clean repeal bill as I've urged.
Making deals with mobsters like Trump/Putin or Koch Syndicate never ends well. They are enemies to the people & will betray you. #SaveACA
Please do not repeal ACA. Work to improve it. Millions will lose affordable health care.
Please vote for no repeal!
I hope that when you cast your vote today you will close your eyes and reflect for a moment on the millions of lives you will impact.
“I only see it through the lens of a vulnerable population who needs help, who I care about very deeply,”
The bill hasn't changed -> Capito: If I Have To Be The Vote That Kills The Senate Repeal Bill, ‘I Will Be It’
Every major healthcare group took out a full page ad  in NYT today, urging YOU to VOTE NO on MTP.  Awful process & bill. Do the right thing.
DON'T FORGET MIKE PHILLIPS&PEOPLE LIKE HIM!
Let's be real - a vote on these bills is a vote for economic hardship  and death.  You need to own that, if you vote yes.  PLEASE VOTE NO!

