Please vote no. Asking for my disabled son.
Disabled were covered before ACA, will be covered after.
AHCA restricts and slashes Medicaid.
As u look over revised bill, we all hope u think abt the many ppl whose lives depend on affordable care. #AHCAKills
This woman's daughter with cancer would lose her insurance under Trumpcare – and she just confronted her senator over it 
What BS. She has ins w/her job and will still after ACA.
Problem is w #AHCA, employer plans can now add lifetime caps. Those of us w employer plans are in danger from #Trumpcare if we change jobs
Please vote no. I work ems in wv and I see everyday the lives saved by Medicaid expansion. This affects my job, please vote no
How  do you know who is a Medicaid expansion person?
You are clearly a robot
You are clearly deflecting to not answer my question.
It fails the people of WV on both your criteria: hollows out Medicaid and will lead to drastic cuts in drug treatment funding. Must vote no.
WVA ppl have spoken:AHCA is NOT for US. Watching & listening. Stand tall and make us proud.CBO=facts. Facts R facts.NO ON AHCA!
It obviously doesn't do those things.  Fix ACA; don't repeal.  Thank you.
A tax cut for the already rich while our most vulnerable get the shaft. This one is easy, Senator - VOTE NO.
Call (304) 347-5372 please call Mrs Capito and tell her No on the phone, send letters, tweet, hit her up on FB. This bill will kill!

Senator, please maintain your longstanding commitment to people with Alzheimer's and reject Medicaid caps
Medicaid is a lifeline for many people, including those with Alzheimer's disease and related dementias--please read https://twitter.com/aging_research/status/878244600162336771 …
Faithful voter here in Jackson county will remember your vote...don't hurt your fellow West Virginians just to toe a ridiculous party line.
You need to be a WVian 1st, Repub 2nd. Vote NO ACHA
Then the women. Do you like being shut out of the secretive meetings? Your party is cruel to seniors, children & disabled. Please vote NO !
The huge cuts in Medicaid will put 1000's of indigent seniors on the street.  #votenocaptio #whereareGOPfamilyvaluesnow
Don't let your voters down, know that the ACA means life or death to real people in your state.
I am not your constituent however you do serve constituents like me:
Please reconsider. Medicaid cuts will cut services. Sunset on essential benefits mean that companies may enforce lifetime caps again. #BCRA
Please don't go partisan on this bill. Too many WV and American people are counting on you.
Please say NO!   I will be without medicine if it passes!  Just say NO!
Pandering to coal miners & voting to take away their health care is hypocrisy at its finest.
U  need 2 consider needs of Americans as a whole.When fed gov takes over entire healthcare care,u can't just vote for your state.
Stand up for America and vote No on Trumpcare don't take 22 m Americans off healthcare
Please listen to your constituents and vote NO.
Many of us who are over 50 will be unable to pay for insurance coverage when we need it the most. #votenocapito #letsnotmakemorepoorpeople
“The righteous care about justice for the poor, but the wicked have no such concern.”
Proverbs 29:7
VOTE NO
Please VOTE NO on this deadly bill Senator Capito, for the health of all Americans #VoteNoBCRA
You GOP women were treated as 3rd class Senators by the party when it comes to the healthcare bill. First it was the 13 gang, then the men.
Do U have further comment on the immoral Trumpcare bill, likely to be voted on this week, which will throw millions off of health insurance?
She provided a document that layman can't understand-intentionally vague and complicated-NO we want to know what your vote is-yay or nay!!
Your statement better be that you're voting NO. Or we are voting #NoMooreCapito
I'm with you.
You have a net worth of $2.64 million.  Of course you want tax cut bill called healthcare.  VOTE NO FOR CONSTITUANTS WHO VOTED YOU IN
Any American woman knows how vital access to health care is for all. Please stand up and vote NO on Senate Don't Care Bill.
Why the round about & back again NO answer? You are either going to commit genocide against the poor, or you are against the bill
BLOOD ON  YOUR HANDS if you #vote for #AHCA #Trumpcare leads to suffering and death for everyday Americans, #tax breaks for #wealthy
Please vote no on this bill. It would only hurt your constituents.
Obama care is in a death spiral- this is a bill trying to save it from failing entirely.  Some people don't get that.
Simon is a #Troll. #BlockTrolls
Sen Capito, people om West Virginia ... many have so little. To take away true security for a tax cut for the richest of the rich is wrong
Reversing Obamacare confiscation of some to give others. People should be able to keep as much of their own money as possible.
I see 1 in favor of the bill. 4 who want no insurance plan at all 231 who say vote no. Interesting percentages
Please vote against this bill for the sake of humanity
Continue to support our Pres! The gov must afford the opportunity to ppl to take care of themselves! Healthcare is NOT gov responsibility!!
Senate bill gives pennies on the $ for what WV needs for opioid addiction $ cuts out Medicaid HURTS WV VOTE NO!
Here in rural CenCal, as in WV, #AHCA would devastate our economy. How many kids in WV need #Medicaid? How many HC jobs does it provide?
It would be CRIMINAL to vote 'yes' for the Senate Healthcare bill. If you vote yes, I will require you to look into my son's eyes and
tell him why his life if less important than the life of someone who can easily afford healthcare. What will your response be? I <3 him!!!
#VOTENO.  #noHealthAndNoCaring in #wealthcarebill. Thank  you for #thinkingAboutConsequences to your constituents.
Please vote no on this horrible bill. Too many lives at stake to follow party over country.
I don't see a single tweet supporting the bill. This isn't a tough call, Senator.
Please vote no
@SenCapito, this bill will devastate so many in WV.  Please place your constituents over party and VOTE NO on this bill.
No doubt ACA needs an overhaul, but this isn't it. Vote no! #BerkeleyCounty
Please, please vote NO on the BCRA! My family would be bankrpt/homeless d/t my son's severe hemophilia without the protections in the ACA.
Please vote no
Please stand up to these heartless people in Washington!!!!!
Please do not vote 4 this plan. I know Trump's rich supports r threatening Heller. I hope he n u will resist their threats. Don't be bullied
There is only one choice for this crap legislation @SenCapito MUST vote NO!
Mon county here- can't say it loud enough- Vote no. New bill is not Heath care at all. Work to improve ACA. Lives depending on your No vote
The 3 Kanawha Co. constituents in our household urge you to protect the health care many WVians rely on. This bill will hurt friends & fam.
Thanks for in-depth analysis of AHCA bill.  Hope it can be tweaked to include Medicaid, Plan P, et al on which so many depend before passing
ACA could be tweaked.  Toss this out and work on what is already being used.  Obama said it needed improvement.  Do that, don't repeal.
Pls vote no on this mean bill.  So many would suffer from losing benefits and so few (millionaires) will richly benefit from the tax cuts.
Vote NO! Dear G-d... these are children!!!
This bill will end the Republican Party if it passes
Page 133. This only commits to combating the opioid crisis for a year.  Show WVians you can vote with your constituents and state over party
As a registered voter in WV I ask you to vote no for this bill. It'll hurt the elderly, poor, children, mentally ill. Staying loyal to party
isn't as important as protecting your constituents.
This bill helps nobody but the very rich.  It hurts almost everyone in WV and the U.S.. Do the right thing, not the cowardly thing. Vote no!
#FullRepeal of ACA & NO 2 AHCA! No more gov't overreach! Common sense leg. 2 drive costs down is what's needed. Stand #UnitedForFreedom!
This lifelong West Virginian respectfully asks you 2 vote "no" on this proposed #healthcare bill. It hurts too many Mountaineers
Read: medicaid cuts, maternity care and drug rehab are not essential. Please vote no if you care about people more than insurance companies.
Health, professions, and the economy all suffer when health insurance interferes with delivery of health care. #FullRepeal #UnitedforFreedom
I see a lot more No than yes Senator.
I am not sure this is good enough senator. People in WV need healthcare. I read your statement and it did not say that you will reject.
This heinous bill
Vote No #trumpcare
This should be easy.  No mystery.  Not right for WV; not right for USA.  Pls VOTE NO!  Demand Better!
Entitlements have destroyed ambition and personal responsibility of too many Mountaineers. Medicaid expansion contributed. Stop!,
This Mason County resident agrees....don't put politics before people. Vote "No".
You promised to defend Medicaid.

This bill is a MASSIVE cut to Medicaid.

How is this a question? Keep your promise.
Please vote NO!  Don't deny people coverage to line the pockets of rich folks please.
Obama:
@SenCapito This bill is a tax cut for the wealthy at the expense of the poor. Please vote no.
We expect #FullRepeal! Dont contribute further to the downfall of ur party by pushing thru this monster! #KeepThePromise!! #UnitedForFreedom
No need to study moves of the Titanic deck chairs. Huge tax cut for the 1% - already making a killing in the market - stolen from the needy
As a WV Voter, I urge you to Vote NO! Please put W. Virginians first. We're struggling now as it is. No Tax breaks!
The most Americans are helped to greatest degree via free enterprise!
#Bible #Constitution #Liberty #FullRepeal #UnitedForFreedom #NoReplace
Please keep the health and well-being of the women, poor, sick, elderly&disabled of W.V. and this country protected.Women legislators say NO
This bill is just plain mean. Tax breaks for the wealthy funded by slashing our benefits. You must fight this disaster of a bill.
On the 1st page your draft refers to a 1986 IRS code. How is this supposed to help citizens know what is happening with their health care?
The whole country is watching. Please do not vote in favor of this bill. Improve the ACA instead. Please!
Let Resistbot make it easy for u. It took one text(50409) and about 4 min for me to have a fax sent to all my state Representatives! #resist
Checking in from Fairmont. Please vote no. There is no deal they can give you that would make "yes" worth it. None. Life and death on line.
WV lives matter, vote no on the AHCA
Vote no
Not a VW resident,but I hope you consider that reverend's daughter when you read the bill.Ppl are going to die and go bankrupt if it passes
cited as ‘‘Better Care Reconciliation Act of 2017’’, but better known as "Rob from the poor and disabled and give to the rich from 2107 on".
I will thank you, Senator, when you vote "NO"  on the Senate substitute for H. R. 1628,  ...
The concept of "repeal and replace" accepts the premise that the feds should be regulating health care in the first place. #FullRepeal
Looks like you live in Texas. Please study WV's needs before you weigh in on a state you obviously don't understand.
Well lady, this bill is a FEDERAL ISSUE and I can weigh in all I want. Got it?
Not sure if you understand how state representatives work, but just to educate you they represent their state.
On state and federal issues
Please stand up for what is right.  Vote NO on #healthcarebill.
Lots of great info on Medicaid in WV here:
66% on Medicaid in WV are in families who work.
174,026 West Virginians enrolled in Medicaid by January, exceeding 93,000 people that WV had projected to enroll by 2020.
WV depends on Medicaid. Senate bill would gut it.  WV highest in nation % on Medicaid.
A few #AHCA highlights: tax deduction for insurance CEO pay, phases out Medicaid to low-income adults, delays the Cadillac tax.
Vote no. Medicaid supports 1 of 2 children in WV.  3 of 4 nursing home residents. 1 of 2 disabled. And 29% WV residents are Medicaid/CHIP.
Trump won here because he promised good health care!  This isn't it.  Vote No!
Please do not support this cruelty
No trumpcare, No obamacare! Repeal completely as promised! #UnitedForFreedom!
EVERY anti-American sub-issue is a direct attack on America, not the President nor anyone else. Anti-Americans want the fall of America.
What it all boils down to, EVERY sub-issue under the Constitution is; American values vs. anti-American values.
YOU ARE FIRED! We don't do socialism!
Four conservatives OBJECT, but NO moderates, including you, have said NO.  This bill OR WORSE as is will become law; SAY "NO" NOW
Out of work coal miners need healthcare so they don't die. How are you going to vote?

For every West Virginian who gets a tax cut with the GOP health care bill, 18 will lose their Medicaid coverage. 
One woman's plea to you - are you going to ignore all of us? If you do, your career as a senator is over: wow
Reply
Repub logic: Bail out Ocare disaster and take blame for failure. Brilliant! #FullRepeal #UnitedForFreedom
Only one way for you to make history. #goodness
Replying to this is great, BUT CALL @SENCAPITO AND GET HER TO VOTE NO on #wealthcarebill. Calls work. Emails, faxes, tweets DON'T.
Please vote no. This bill is despicable and disastrous for Wesy Virginia. Isn't that your top concern as a senator?
Vote NO Senator, not good for the WV, be independent as your Dad was, keep up the good work.
#KeepThePromise No government run healthcare in America. #VoteNoAHCA #UnitedForFreedom #2018
That’s pretty much a load of nothing.
Ohio County here.  Senator Capito, please vote no on the health care bill.  Our state will suffer greatly
NO on the healthcare bill, let Obamacare fail be done with this crap.
Obamacare is clearly working, that's why people are fighting to keep it.
It's working for the poor and the wealthy, for us in the middle not so much, 1500.00 month with 10k deductible is not acceptable.
I do not support this healthcare bill at all, those who complain, you will loose your care anyway, Obamacare is dead.
I am the mom of a child with special needs this bill hurts my family. The struggle is real. I work and rely on ins to help with med  needs
If you care about the people of WV you will vote no on that piece of trash legislation. It makes women second class citizens & hurt the poor
Help Americans.  Vote no on AHCA.  This is not a healthcare bill.  This is a tax cut for the rich.  Don't be mean. This is life or death.
Dreadful bill. Anyone voting my vote in favor of this healthcare bill clearly has no regard for  the millions (yes, millions) of sufferers.
"West Virginia....mountain mama...you're gonna lose your seat...cuz ya chose to cheat!
Saw Capito on MSNBC typical BS noncommittal answer. Capito must go
Im suffering greatly because @Governor_LePage refused the expansion in my state.I beg you, please don't allow this to happen in your state!!
My grandma loves in WV. Please vote no on this monstrosity. Do what's best for your constituents. Please.
This is a life-and-death issue for myself & my husband. This impacts our pocket book & we deserve affordable health care. Vote NO.
#lead #defend #represent  Vote no! Protect the most vulnerable.
You need to do the right thing and vote no! This bill will devastate your constituents lives. Find your conscience now

wow 
Mom says she has insurance thru job, will still have w/o ACA.
That assumes she stays well enough to continue the job. Refer back to your Bible; it is against Catholic teaching to take from the needy.
"when you hold a banquet invite the poor, the crippled, the lame, the blind; blessed indeed will you be because of their inability to repay"
...For you will be repaid at the resurrection of the righteous.” this is from Luke Chapter 14.
Please remember to listen to your constituents, not @SenateMajLdr staff and not the Koch brothers. The actual ppl you're elected to *serve.*
Do what's right, think about your constituents. Vote no.
Do you have the courage of your convictions? Or do you just do whatever GOP leadership tells you to? Listen to your constituents.
My grandson has a disability! He is being raised by a single hard working mother that struggles to make ends meet. Please vote no!
Vote no & protect WVans. It could mean the difference between saving lives like my great-grandmother's (your constituent) & not.
Protect Medicaid!
Hope you listened well to the minister. When she says Mr. McConnell's #AHCA bill is immoral, she speaks with knowledge. Please vote "NO."
Vote no in this bill. My parents will not be able to afford being charged 5 times the amount of younger patients just for coverage.
Grow some balls Shelley and vote against this.  Actually put your people first and not your party #noAHCA
Veterans ask you to vote #YesAHCA
#NoAHCA
VOTE NO!
Stop voting this woman into office!!!
Please vote no. Don't turn on the state like the house members from WV did.  The ACA helped many WVins.
It is horrible.  People pay more & get less.  Not what we were promised.  Make ACA better not worse.  Vote yes and blood on your hands.
WV, one of the poorest states in the nation, isn't as far-right as you might think. Your seat will be in jeopardy if you vote for this bill.
Elderly and poor suffer under Senate Trumpcare. Wealthy (like me) get $$. Senate bill is greedy and immoral. Vote NO!
Pass it or be jobless soon.....
Many will die from this repeal--WWJD? Let them die, or keep the ACA while another solution is determined? Vote No!
Please vote NO on this bill. The Medicaid reductions are as bad as a coal company abandoning its retirees. Weirton is counting on you.
For my students whose families need Medicaid, for myself with a rare blood cancer needing the protections that ACA provides, please vote no.
You're a heartless woman if you vote for this bill.
This bill is a disaster for WV please vote No
Please consider ALL Americans when drafting healthcare.
Vote No to the age (over 50) tax. WV is a state with an older population
I think we would like to hear your opinion. Specifically how you are thinking of voting at this time.
A well reasoned appropriate response.  Thank you!
Clarksburg here! #VoteNoAHCA #TrumpDeathBill #SaveMedicaid
So you were not one of the 4 repubs who said today they couldn't vote for it. Not surprising at all. Party before country, right?
We voters expect the health care to get done not put off
I'm a constituent. Please vote against this bill.
