People need to get educated on what this actually does and stop getting their information from the media, Twitter and Facebook.
Educate us. Post a link here, on social media. Social media is a medium and not the inherent problem.
Like I said research yourself.
Unless, of course, you haven't done any research?
Seriously??? You really believe he cares what happens to help anyone.....
I don't live in your state but you're off your rocker.
This is on you.
Lie
The GOP is the death panel.  You're supporting #ACAsabotage and will own the disastrous results of this.  You choose party over WV and USA
Why not just auto set your account to retweet everything Trump tweets.
this is a disaster for our nation and our state!
Trump's Executive Order & refusal to pay CSR's will premiums, coverage, uninsured by 1 million & deficit. Which part do u applaud?
NO! Every expert analysis  agrees this will drive prems. UP for poorer Americans. You have to help us in WVA. POTUS is wrong & you know it.
Are you kidding?
New executive order from @POTUS is a first step to help make health insurance LESS affordable & reliable for all Americans. #FixedItForYou
Im sure that's what you would like to think.
Senator, you know this is not true. The CBO knows it's not true. Your constituents will find out it's not true. The HARD way. Good luck 2020
Are you serious?  Have you read the EO?
You’re delusional. You’re killing your constituents. Enjoy your time in office while you can, you will be voted out.
Complete baloney. 45 is trying a new way to gut healthcare for everyday Americans. You should be ashamed of yourself.
Can’t believe you’re standing behind that sham. 25th amendment for an unhinged prez.
I hope you have the pictures and stories of your WV constituents with you 24/7. SHAME ON YOU!
This does nothing but further destabilize the insurance industry.
Nope.
Allowing insurance cross state lines MIGHT help, stopping subsidies is going to cause costs to skyrocket.  That isn't good for anyone.
NO..GOP IS HELPING ACA FAIL!!!
FYI:
Rare joint statement from doctors, hospitals, insurers, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce urging Congress to fund cost-sharing subsidies. 
Shame on you for your destructive Republican loyalty. What about your WV constituents? No loyalty to them. Coward.
You chose Party over Americans. SHAME!
By cutting health care for millions?
Except it’s it going to be more affordable. Details details.
It was born by the pen it shall die by the pen it was illegal what President Obama did to give insurance companies money that way read
He did your job
Terrible move. Shameful. How sad that you think Americans losing coverage is a good idea. Shame. Shame. Shame.
What planet do you live on.
Such BS! Americans will die needlessly!
It's the first step in harming the American people...... reprehensible.  You people suck!!
You use words like affordable and accessible, but I don't think you know what they mean. #HEALTHCARECRISIS #coverageforall
Your constituents may hate Obamacare, but your support of Trumpcare will cost WV lives. Ppl can't vote for you if they're dead.
Impact on us >50, pre-existing will be devastating.  Do better.  Be humane.  Life savings will be exhausted with higher costs.
You have ZERO understanding of health care economics. Cheap policies that don't cover anything don't help anyone and will destabilize market
It is a return to medical bankruptcies!
This is a load of garbage. How is taking money out of the system, raising premiums for all any help? But it's on you now. You own #Trumpcare
Wrong!
You cannot be serious. This does the opposite.
It’s going to price out people with preexisting conditions and destabilize the individual market. But you keep telling yourself that.
Robs West Virginians of Health Insurance.  Shame on you for praising hurt to your constituents.  Shame.  Shame.
Please, Senator, explain how this will make my insurance more affordable?
@SenCapito you are a joke! Premiums will go up and plans with no coverage for pre-exisisting conditions will increase.
How can this help? Before the ACA, all I could buy was expensive junk insurance. This will end subsidies that help me pay for real insurance
You spoke at a drug court graduation yesterday. Seems your words pretending to care about addicts are lies too. How will they get treatment?
Except for your constituents right? Or are you still only concerned about rich folks and your father’s friends?
How it is suppose to make insurance more affordable when he’s taking subsidies away from poor people ?
I hope you suffer for supporting this. I wish you had any idea what people with less power than you go through. You never will though.
That’s a lie and you know it. Healthy people will get the cheap plans to never use and everyone else stays with the ACA.  Premiums skyrocket
You cannot possibly believe this. What is wrong with you? Why won't you stop lying to us?
If it is so good have congress be the first ones to buy, oh wait they exempt themselves from it
Naw...most of us know this is awful for this state. So do you. Unbelievable.
Unless you’re on Medicaid...which is what % of WV?  Shelly Moore’s War in the Poor!  Has a nice tint does t it
Good grief. Stop with the party-line lies already. Cherrypicking around the facts to keep people pacified.
You care more about helping trumpy than you do about helping West Virginians or Americans,Both of you will regretyour BS
How many West Virginians rely to govt. substities for health care or have pre-existing conditions which will make health care unaffordable
Instead of telling us WHAT it's gonna do, how about telling us HOW it's gonna happen and with factual evidence to back it up? Your a joke
Oh I forgot u GOPers are "god" fearing ppl so u just "believe" it'll happen the way u say and evidence to the contrary be damned my bad
You do realize this is going to hurt your state, right?
You never explained this Shelley. WVians deserve answers. DO YOUR JOB AND STOP KISSING TRUMP'S ASS!!!
Eliminating federal cost sharing of health care insurance shifts the burden to individuals, according to CBO.
did it include, killing all the subsidies you in congress get to pay your obamacare insure. that was not in law but executive action of OB.
You are so wrong and a sell out
Why do you choose to not see the writing on the wall.  GOP no agenda except undo others work
Better not vote for HR3999
Do you really believe this?
This will make health insurance unaffordable for the working middle class. This will not effect the poor or the rich. How is this good?
LIAR. NO MOORE CAPITO. NO MOORE CAPITO. NO MOORE CAPITO!!!!!
Truth. Because when young people can pay minimally and old and sick people go broke, or die, we’ll finally be “free.”
God, you ARE bought and paid for.
Please. Just stop. Lies make baby jesus cry.
Are  you nuts???
#anotherdayanotherlie
It’s not about affordable!!! It’s about functional, you need your healthcare to always cover you and you can’t foresee the future needs!
Do you 2 even have a soul? How many #westvirginians will lose their #healthcare. When Trump's in jail what will your voters think?
Surely you jest?
Mr. President, Madam Senator, give us less Exec. orders, more bi-partisan solutions. Legislative branch should legislate, POTUS, veto/pass.
CBO disagrees, says one million will lose coverage next year, and rates will rise. West Virginians will suffer. For shame!
U r crazy stop with the trump lies

per CBO: Trump ending subsidies increases premiums 20% by 2018 and 25% by 2020. Deficit goes up $6b by 2018 and $21b by 2020,
No
This is completely inaccurate. It weakens markets, hurts the elderly and sick, and is widely criticized by major players. Don’t be fooled.
To be plain @SenCapito @POTUS , this is a load of horse shit and you know it.
Nonsense. And you know it. His move will hurt West Virginians. #Shame.
no it's not.  it's a death sentence for the poor and the elderly.  how can a self-professed Christian serve Koch instead of Christ?
And you still haven't renewed funding for #CHIP

Disgraceful.
Except that it is not going to work
Yeah right. Try convincing yourself about it. All you @gop are trying to do is to only make it affordable for people that don’t it it.
Remember that there’s elections in 2018 and we are making a list of people not to vote for.
No, it’s a first step in the wrong direction.
Laughable at all the democrats crying now. “Like your plan you can keep your plan” I didn’t get to keep mine! cost me thousands.
Not. And how about dropping CSR payments. That's going to make it more expensive for everyone!
Nonsense.
Wow. You should be ashamed of yourself.
I used to think you were better than this, that you wouldn't drink the Kool-aid.
What about this Shelley? Care to explain?
Please have one of your staffers look up definitions of “affordable” and “accessible” as clearly there is confusion in your office regarding their meanings.
Why is the repub congress so full of greedy lying corrupt useless people who don't do one damn thing to benefit americans? shame on you
It's sabotage.  and you shouldn't lie
we know that isn't true.   why lie???????
You are infuriating.
Stop lying to us this is horrible we need pl to fight for us not belittle us

No.
NEW: The American Cancer Society reacts to the ACA Executive Order.

Concerns for millions of cancer patients.

…
Wow you guys are really delusional, or deliberately deceptive & desperate!
It doesn’t matter how affordable and accessible it is if it doesn’t cover anything. Medicare for all is the best solution.
This order will do nothing to improve the lives of your constituents.  How can you support this lie?  Will you be signing up?
His and your party healthcare plans exclude elderly,any with preexisting conditions and ultra high deductibles. GOP are executioners.
What exactly is wrong with keeping most of the affordable care act while fixing the few problems in it? Why trash and start all over?
Nice try. No it is not.
I call BS!
No. No it’s not.
It is not and you know it
are u f-ing kidding me?  at what point did you decide that sabotaging healthcare & f$cking over people with prexisting conditions is ok?  
Please, stop lying.
Are you not ashamed? Thought you didn't go to DC to hurt folks? That's all this presidency is doing!! Listen to Bob Corker-he speaks for me!
If you're wealthy! Majority of Americans are NOT earning what You Earn. Get Real!
Wow! That's a flip flop from your NO to repeal and replace. How are poor WV going to pay for independent insurance?
Yet another reason to not vote for your sorry tail
Are you crazy? It’s dismantling of O Care
I'm sorry, I respectfully disagree. Guaranteeing the CSR payments would be a great start.
I don't think so. The Spin downplays the negative impacts of decisions like this, but you are very right. The key to making the ACA work is
increasing the risk pool & increasing the stability of the payor market. The Govt. is the largest payor into healthcare.
That's what the CSR & Tax Credits built into the ACA are for. Here's a better way to make Healthcare work
181,111,774   total covered lives through Medicare, Medicaid, CHIP, the ACA, TRICARE, Fed, State & local Govt. employees & their dependents
55.45% of the USA population receives Healthcare coverage thru either the Federal, state, US territories & local governmental bodies.
I don't know how you figure that...pre-existing next?
God I can’t wait until you have to run again. People might not know who gave them healthcare,but they will Shelly Capito helped take it back
Oh right, you have healthcare paid for by “The People” you serve, yet you failed. You are just as bad as the Pussy Grabber @realDonaldTrump
He’s undermining the healthcare market which will lead to rising costs & return of junk policies & you are all complicit by supporting it.
Once again DT attacks women by allowing insurance to deny maternity benefits.
You mean decimate health care and make is nearly impossible for the elderly to get proper care. What was that GOP mantra about deal panels?
And what will you uselessly tweet when this plan screws most people?
WRONG
What a despicable lie. How can you be so devoid of conscience and morality?
And screw people with pre-existing conditions
Clearly you have been too close to the POTUS Kool-Aid bin. There are companies already announcing higher premiums after today's announcement

SHey@SenCapito That’s laughable and a slap in the de face to all Americans. Do your duty as an elected official, invoke the 25th#Censure4US
Rightttttttt!
@SenCapito you & @POTUS  are wrong. People will be dead because you are wrong #SaveACA #KeepKidCovered
New executive order from @POTUS is a first step to help kill West Virginians. You’re complicit in every death.
You can't possibly be serious? Do you live in the same world as the rest of us?
Sadly, no.  It's 'junk insurance' -won't be good for anyone who needs insurance (which is everyone) & it undermines real health insurance.
You have all lost your minds and you’re losing your seat in 2018. Grow a conscience and stand up to that madman!
When rural hospitals and clinics shut down, how will you explain the loss of healthcare jobs in your state?  Just asking ....
nope, not so. shame on you and the crap policies trump and the @GOP are now pushing
As w/other EOs, it was a stunt by @POTUS to confuse facts/undermine #ACA enrollment/rile up base. Endless lawsuits to follow.
It distorts the demographic pool creating upward pressure on premiums for older Americans
No it won't, and you fucking know it.
Heal the sick, raise the dead, cleanse lepers, cast out demons. You received without paying; give without pay.
Do you really believe this?
Didn't realize you were blind.
No Ma'am Senator.
Yes!!! We love JUNK insurance
I simply cannot believe you support this.
You are hitching your wagon to the wrong leader. You will be remembered on the WRONG side of history. Bad for WV.
You are delusional. WILL IT COVER US WHEN WE GET SICK?

You're willing to bet your Senate seat on #Trumpcare?  Enjoy retirement!  #SADButTrump #DrainTheTrump
NO, it is horrible and will raise premiums for older people and those who are already sick!
No. It's a sop to ripoff outfits, insurance analogs of Trump "University." It's many things, but none of what you said. #SinglePayer
You are mislead.
If so good, then put those coal miners on these junk plans instead of what Congress is trying to do.
Stop lying...you'll form a habit that's hard to explain.
Tell me why he needed an executive order and not legislation?
What a joke!
The Republican Party is seriously defective. Defective!
Thank you @SenCapito for stayin strong on the conservative values and agenda! Stay strong...  #MAGA.
Please start giving two craps for the people of #WV. We have a real opportunity for change, & you're on the wrong side.
So disappointed as a WV'ian to read this, Senator. I'd hoped you would be against Mountaineers losing their healthcare. Seems ur 4 it. 
New EO from @realDonaldTrump is next step in undermining&sabotaging progress made by #ACA in covering all Americans.
@ACPinternists
@PDX_Tom
Might not matter after the impending nuclear holocaust trump is excited to unleash on us.  #WV
...said no medical insurance expert ever.
Shame on you for this blatant lie - you have no facts to support this.
This is a flat out lie.  People with pre-exist. conditions are being thrown to the wolves.  And you know this.  And.  You.  Don't.  Care.
