Where is your honor?  You caved so quickly! We deserve to keep our healthcare. Clearly nothing better is in sight. Anything to erase Obama
If you have an ounce of soul, vote NO on the "skinny repeal". People will die. Please, show that you care about your constituents.
We guess you're gonna keep pandering to us as you vote to screw us!
You're horrible! Party over people! Disgraceful!!!! YOU WILL NEVER HAVE MY VOTE!! 
But there IS no reasonable replacement. Sorry Trump is vindictive but DON'T shirk responsibilities. Stop voting yes. Statement meaningless.
What do you plan to do with CSRs?
Sen Capito? CSRs? Hello? What is your stance.
No need to debate whether or not to kill 40K+ people every year, because the answer is: you don't kill constituents.
Please do not pass skinny repeal tonite..plz keep your conscience close to your heart..so many WV need you to stand for them..please vote No
Father is a crook. Daughter is a traitor. Who is surprised?

Shame on you, @SenCapito. Hasn't your family made enough money off ppl of WV?
They promise you little extra cash for opioid addiction? Won't go far. Your people are screwed because of you. So are the rest of us!
So many comments against what you did Shelly. How are you going to help those you represent? We are all watching

YOU ARE A TRAITOR TO WV. WE WILL VOTE YOU OUT
Sen. you lied to the American ppl about repealing O'care . You need to be fired! I hope this happens. Supt our Pres! U R part of the swamp!
Fuckin dem traitor
Your statement, LAST WEEK, about not going to Washington to hurt people was a strong message, too bad it came from a weak person!! #bullying
Way to go WV. Remember her name when your children are sick and there is no help
You're evil and heartless. You're sending people to their deaths.
Shame.
You, and West Virginia, will regret this.
People's health must not be your http://priority.Cash  for the 1% is.
You're one sick woman to hurt millions of people.

We will hold you accountable for this. It won't be forgotten. #ShameOnYou
Cop-out-to
SHAME! You have no idea what you're voting on. You will have blood on your hands. SHAME!
What a complete disgrace!  I'm deeply ashamed of the US
How do you sleep? You sold out the state of West Virginia.

Cruelty. Shame on you.
Coward.
so you DID go to Washington to hurt/kill people!
Gotta avoid that primary challenge from the Kochs

*Former senator Shelley Moore Capito
You're going to find yourself *very* unpopular with the constituents you've betrayed.
Good luck with that.
Try and justify your cowardice to the 166,000 WV on Medicaid. Disgraceful.
What if your yes vote today causes more uncertainty in the market and hurts West Virginians before a replacement plan is done?
I can't believe you did this. Shame!
You didn't come to Washington to hurt people, so at what point while you were in Washington did you decide that was your mission?
When you grind a West Virginian under your heel, you get coal dust. Perfect for stoking a furnace.
"Skinny" so politicians can claim a victory while Americans DIE? It is all about POTUS greed & tax cuts for wealthy @GOP stand up, vote NO 
Yes, blood is on your hands Senator, & all about POTUS greed & tax cuts for wealthy. Evil. Pure evil of any elected official supporting it.
How nice of you to vote away your constituents' healthcare-you must be so proud
I'm extremely disappointed. You voted in the worst interest of your constituents.
Do you know the poverty rate of West Virginia? What WV's are you really standing for?Don't use constituents to camouflage your insensitivity
We expected more from you.
O'care saved my life and enabled me to retire early from a job in which thousands were endangered daily because of my failing health!
20 hours to debate and write the bill at the same time is insane and you know it.
Coward. This bill doesn't help people, it kills them. Shame on you
You just failed the Fearless girl test. Sad . Incrementally throwing your constituents under bus.
Disgusting and rife with cowardice.
But there is no bill!!! What are you proceeding with?
COWARD!!!!
Look your retweets? Don't hurt your constituents
Very misleading! I am part of you're constituance & you said that you would vote no. Reelection slogan is gonna be "Vote No on Capito!
You lie just like @realDonaldTrump! He is in bed with a foreign power & you vote in his interest? Sad! #TrumpRussia #MuellerTime
West Virginia is the only state in the union to have a declining population. Last in the Union in every "good" way & first in all the "bad"
Now I know why my mom wanted me to be educated in Fl. & not WV. & it would be easy to vote out someone who's state they rep. Is dead last!
You are a disgrace.
Who is running against her? Vote her out
I don't even live in WV, but I'd happily donate to a challenger who will put people first.
I am a WVian. She won't be up for re-election until 2020. Please, please do contribute to her opponent.
Wonder if we could get a groundswell of support to call for her resignation? Yeah - just an idea borne out of frustration & anger
Probably not unless she is doing something illegal
I know, like I said just dreaming / wishing / hoping there was something concrete we could do to make her pay for her disloyalty-she'll cave
This nightmare will be over soon! America will thrive again
.@SenCapito How. Could. You. Do. This. To. West. Virginia. 

You do not represent West Virginians. I'm so ashamed that you're our rep.
This is absolutely disheartening but not surprising. She's never had us in her best interest.
Agree completely.
Senator Capital it's good to see that you and the rest of the swamp monsters are finally showing your true colors sad to call you a WVnian
I thought after Grand Dragon bird died West Virginia would finally go the straight path of conservatism sorry to see it's worse than before
Please!! And this should have been the republicans first order of business and blowing it!!!
Somebody send this whole thread of tweets to her office.
Bill tonight will raise premiums. Hurts the middle class & the poor. Fix ACA, lower premiums. Do what's right. Vote NO on Skinny Bill.
you voted several times to take away 100,000s of your own constituents' health insrnce leaving no ability to ever see a doc again 
Remember this as they vote to blast your working poor out of the system. They will vote you out.
I understand wanting to cut thru the red tape and move forward with debate, but stand firm! This bill is wrong for Americans, vote no! TY
You sold out to bully @realDonaldTrump & @SenMajLdr ! Stay strong and vote NO! #SaveMedicaid #protectourcare #SaveACA
McCain, Collins, Murkowski were heros tonight! You showed WV with a yes to Trumpcare when you said No before! WV remember this! Thanks John
Where in the constitution is a individual supposed to get health care
What happened to taking a stand for your constituents? Last chance to #ProtectOurCare. #VoteNO on Trojan Horse #SkinnyRepeal
Taxpayer Funded Health Care for Senators. But, want to repeal and take our health care. Please work together to fix ACA.
U will be remembered for ur cowardly & treacherous vote on 7/28/17! U w/be defeated @ the polls! I will do all I can 2 see this happens!.
You must cleanly REPEAL obamacare. We are mortified you are in the 6 !
My statement on you destroying health care for 800,000 West Virginans: you suck
Thank you Ike. Unfortunately, she is my senator & her vote is to my detriment. I wish her term was up in 18, I can't wait to vote her out
I'm with you. We need someone working for US, not for donors, and not for their own political gain.
Thank you, Lissa!!! I'll send another donation as soon as I can. Best wishes, always! 
Gosh, thanks so much! We will have tee shirts, if you're interested:
Awesome! When I get one I will tweet a pic 
Lissa, I donated. So sorry I can't vote for you bc I don't live in your district. @paulajean2018 ,you're next! #girlpower #WV #mountainmama
Thanks so much! I'll be fighting for a better WV for all of us, no matter the district. :) WV needs reps who'll work for voters. #wvpol
Liar
Shame on you.
Shame on you time to lose West Virginia 2018
Can you explain why every single medical organization and doctors group was against this?
Terrible, terrible decision. You will kill thousands.
good luck with that  enjoy the rest of your term
Absolutely disgusting. Hopefully you realize the harm this bill will cause before it comes up for a final vote.
When your rural hospitals close, you will be responsible.   Sleep well
Youre just another hack.
You could have killed it with your vote today... Who got to you?
What profits a man to gain the world but lose his soul.
To whom are you referring? McCain, Capito or TRump?
ALl of the above...
You should be ashamed.
Shame.

Debate all you want!  We will not go away! We will not be silenced!  You are trying to appeasing #45 by pretending to do something!  CRAZY!
BLUE CROSS BLUE SHIELD warning STEEP premium INCREASES, destabilized markets under skinny repeal. 

Stand with West Virginia. VOTE NO
You have betrayed us.
What are you going to do after you lose re-election in 2018 retire?
I guess you did go to Washington to hurt people.
Very disappointed.  Not surprised.   Party over people. Shameful.
For shame:
WV:the single worst hit state by BCRA. Share of the nonelderly uninsured would increase by 299%, per @urbaninstitute!
Disgraceful disregard for the health of your constituents. Shame on you.
That fence is hard to ride!  You just likely sold WV down the Trump river.  We women are hoping you women get it right.  You missed the mark

Disappointed! Shame! 
You're the worst Washington has to offer and will lose your seat ...
Obamacare was the best Cong could get at the time. No GOP support. If it is repealed, the GOP version will be worse. Hurtful to real people.
 nobody's buying your lies lady. Go crawl back under a rock.
A poor start toward your professed goal, Senator Capito.
how many privatized prisons in your State? & how much do they donate to your campaign? Disgraceful pigs in Senate.
Shame on you for even considering voting to take health insurance away from even one person in your state, let alone 20 million in USA
Liar.
Too late. You have allowed the fox into the hen house by voting yes. You won't be receiving a Profile in Courage award ever. You're a coward
Putin will take care of you Shelley,  right?
You should be ashamed of yourself.
Shame on you. I don't care what party politics are, you sold out your state. Shame. On. You.
Congratulations on further destroying your State. Percocet addiction will get even higher
You're a coward and a fraud. Good luck to the unfortunate residents of WV.
@SenCapito i guess you went to washington to hurt people after all.  i will never forgive you for this vote to take away my health care
you are a dirtbag and have no defense. Vote yes when it does not matter..vote no when it does! Shame on you!
I know a lot of folks are upset with you today over that #KillTheBill thing...but not everyone's mad...

#MrGlioblastoma
Did she sell her soul for a ride on Air Force One?
Sooo very disappointed in your vote. Our state is last on everything and this is what you support!  Shame on YOU!
That was my initial reaction too.
I may understand your yes vote on MTP but, please explain your vote waive CBO score for BCRA amendments.  You're a tool.
Shame on you. Hoping the people who depended on you to help them vote you out of office.
How you can continue to support a bully who treats women with so much contempt is beyond me. You are selling your soul for a pittance. Sad.
http://www.theonion.com/amp/56479 
Thank you for todays vote! We're counting on you!
Repeal Obamacare now stop killing the middle class you traitor
Sen Capito even after you spoke with people who were saved by Ocare, you can sleep tonight knowing you gave in to those with no soul/morals
May your soul understand you gave into party instead of country. How many pieces of silver were you given by McConnell/Trump? Hope it helps

"ABSOLUTELY DISGUSTING! CONGRESS HAS CADILLAC INSUR. that WE the PEOPLE pay for, and YOU VOTE 4 US 2 HAVE NOTHING! PATHETIC U CAVED ON US!"
I will use you as an example for my 2 daughters as how not to be. You disgust me.
Hypocrite. You should be ashamed of yourself.
How about remembering that voting for this will MURDER MILLIONS
You lost your moment. Good deeds don’t count when you sell out.
how very brave of you 
Why do you hate Americans? We are all just here until are caskets are ready . Today you sped up that process and for what?  R u happy now?
I had hoped you were different, that you had a modicum of compassion, but I see I was wrong.  I hope the people of WV make you pay.
#trumpchump
https://twitter.com/SenCapito/status/887329090147147776 …

So where's the beef?
MORE: I will only vote to proceed to repeal legislation if I am confident there is a replacement plan that addresses my concerns.
Thank you for voting yes and allowing this to provide to debate.
So West Virginia NOW u want her out? LOL from New York.
repeal and replace Capito
If you look up hypocrite in the dictionary, you'll find your face. Voted for repeal when it didn't matter & voted against it when it did.
You opened the door to removing HC from 100s of thousands of WVians so few would receive a tax cut. Shame.
Really darn shame that brain cancer isn't contagious.
Shame, shame, shame
Medicare and medicaid are 24.5% of spending on a 600 billion$ deficit budget. Repeal obamacare or doom all future americans, is math stupids
You have failed the people of your state and Americans in all states. Your vote in support of #murdercare is a death sentence for millions.
So disappointed in your vote.  You did come to D.C. to hurt people.
They say Donald Duck Trump has support in the mountain state! I have lived here my whole life, I know very few Trump kool-aid drinkers
You have sold your soul to a sexist, inarticulate bully.  America deserves better.  I am very disappointed in what Republicans are doing.
Disingenuous and sad
TOTAL SELL-OUT!!!  You guys manage to screw up every opportunity you have. Republicans are the real enemy of our President.  RINO
The Cruz amendment doesn't have a CBO score.  Insurance companies say it is "unworkable in any form."
You are set for life, and a lot on our dime. Why should you care about West Virginians?
Keep calling, maybe she will vote differently on final vote on Friday?
Zip it, coward. You have one more chance to show some courage & stand with @SenatorCollins and @lisamurkowski to protect us.
Your last name translated to Italian means 'I See' or 'Understood'. You will see and understand the wrath of the majority. Spineless sellout
Insurance coverage is not health care.  Change the debate to lower costs, without needing insurance.  No action is the worst we can do...
I will bankrupt myself to donate every penny I have to your opponent. You're an absolute disgrace. SHAME. SHAME. SHAME
Smart move to vote against repeal ocare and stab @realDonaldTrump in the back. Gallup says WV has highest approval of @POTUS good move moron
Shame.Sell out.
VOTE HER OUT!!!!! Fucking sell out!
Stay strong and oppose repeal and/or repeal and replace. It would be disastrous for the country if it passes.
Liar. 
#BCRA
I'm glad I never thanked you! You were too dicey...thankful for Collins and Murkowski.
Wow, the threats from the president at that Boy Scout rally must have really scared you, to throw your state under the bus like that.
Your constituents are depending on you to defend their access to health care. The toll in human lives lost will be on your hands

71% of the public favor a bipartisan effort to improve the #ACA, instead of GOP continuing repeal efforts http://kaiserf.am/2vY9OPF 
Governors like @JohnKasich , @GovSandoval & others know this bill will harm states like W. Virginia. Stand with WV!
The bipartisan group of Governors (including Sandoval and Kasich) who have raised opposition throughout GOP process oppose "skinny" repeal 
I don't believe you.
I do. She has crawled deep in pockets, and turns her back on her constituents many times, just like her dad.
I don't believe she'll do anything positive for her constituency.
Never really has. All lip, very little positive action.
Good list of the Lying, Two Faced, Show Vote, Rhino,
Republicans in the US Senate.

https://www.facebook.com/JeffersoncountyOhio/ …
I am extremely disappointed in your votes today. The small sops they offered to appease you are NOTHING compared to what will be lost.
Your decision was not in the best interest of West Virginians nor was it in the best interest of all Americans. Disgraceful.
Nothing changed , there is still no replace you caved , hope it was worth it
Bullied to go along with the other fools...
You have officially SOLD OUT. Shame on you
My statement to you:  you're a liar who lies.
You stand for yourself. SAD!
You are turning your back on your constituents.
When they are dying for rich people's tax breaks, do you think they'll still support YOU?!
Shame on you.
You voted party (And STRIPPING HEALTH CARE) rather than PROTECTING WV folks on Medicaid. You let Trump bully you and we will not forget this
Coward
Remember your "Pledge to America: Ensure Access for Patients with Pre-Existing Conditions" Leave the #ACA alone! http://pledge.gop.gov/resources/library/documents/pledge/a-pledge-to-america.pdf …
