Great job Laast night senator. You care about the future over your people and not just standing on Repeal principle. Shows you have depth
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you!
Take a lesson from Ben Franklin and know that govt doesn't belong in HC #RepealObamacare  http://www.uphs.upenn.edu/paharc/features/creation.html …
#MOORELies
Capito lied to her constituents! She voted yes to repeal. Even bought of, or caved to Trump's bullying!
http://Ins.Co .sProfitsClose2Doubled
UnderACA
http://Ins.Co .sHelpedBuild/BuyACA
NowTryind2Build/BuyGOP Plan
GovGetOut!
WhenJonathanGruber(ACA Architect WhoSaid-ACA PassedOnTheStupidity Of US Voters)AgreesW/You -
YouKnowYou'reWrong
So, your word means nothing. Congrats.
Maybe her "concerns" are her own political aspirations in the Trump era. If so, mission accomplished.
http://www.theonion.com/amp/56479 
So, The Onion is no longer satire?
Our new reality is surreal, and satire of surrealism is truth.
Your confidence is misplaced. Your lack of courage and failure to protect WV is noted.
your bravery will not go unnoticed at the ballot box, when T and the rest of his goons are gone it will return to normal
There's NO replacement plan. @SenCapito voted 2 proceed. She's a liar & a crook who sold her soul to McConnell & abandoned her constituents.
Doesn't that describe all heartless cowards who voted to proceed?
She's the one who made the promise.
You've proven yourself a liar and I regret voting for you. I will campaign against you when you're up for reelection. Shame on you.
We now have two democrat senators. It needs repealed. Why are you all so scared of free markets. And let states handle Medicaid. Feds can't
There isnt a plan and you voted to proceed I guess your word isnt worth much. Dont worry your constituents won't forget to vote you out
Thank you for voting not to repeal. You are saving lives!
When you voted FOR #repealobamacare in 2015 there WAS NO REPLACEMENT PLAN included. Now you turn your backs on your voters.
You voted for a full repeal in 2015. What's changed since then?
She knew it wouldnt pass then.
Exactly. All knew Obama would veto it. #TheyThinkWeAreStupid ... She planted herself on our side when she's really for the Darkside.
She has a conscience.  A lot has changed since 2015. Repeal with nothing hurts all of us.
She is one of the bed wetters! Not up to voting on an issue that really counts!
She did have a voice and it was no. Better no than people losing healthcare entirely.
Yeah a voice of hypocrisy! Some people just can't make the Big decisions for the greater good!
But she did. Went for the people over party. Fantastic!
Why'd you change your mind?
Thank you Senator Capito for being a voice of reason in the healthcare debate!
Y'all either repeal it......or get repealed in 2018 and 2020. We will not allow you to hold up progress.
Absolutely, we're done playing. 
#RepealObamacare or GET REPEALED.
#DoYourJob!!!
Susan Collins [ME], Capito [WV], & Murkowski [AK] are holding our Rep. party hostage!
#RepealObamacare, or be repealed from elected office! 
Look at them!! I don't think they know what ObozoCare is about. They were told to just show up.
It's time we act, we need to contact all three!
Contact them now, let them know their jobs are on line. 
You ladies are just fine. 3 cheers!!
All three of you will be voted out of the U.S. Senate if you fail to #HonorYourPromise and #RepealObamacare.
Your jobs depend on this vote.
do you not know a poor person, or do just not care, not every person who needs help is a deadbeat
I know families who are now poor because of Obamacare, which is why it must be repealed entirely.
congratulations!
The country voted for you to REPEAL - not Replace. You're a freaking COWARD!
Honestly, you give me hope for humanity. It's not a R v D issue. It's right v wrong. Time to find solutions that will work.
Coward!
If you vote to allow a repeal that strips millions of their healthcare, I hope you've got a hell of a resume prepared. Good luck to you.
medicare and insurance regulation should never be in the same legislation, you have been played by the D's  #repealobamacare
It's Medicaid,  not Medicare
Their both welfare,  paid by working ppl.
Check your paystub. Medicare is paid by you to used by you.
Repeal only right now! You will lose your seat Democrat. You are not a republican
How about addresses all of our concerns you work for us
Unacceptable.
She says as the country suffers, but by all means address her damn concerns
That makes you a fraud.
What happened?  We were counting on you!
You miserable, wretched, woman! You need to keep your word now!
Thank you for showing the men what it means to be brave and for caring about your constituents and the American people. Bravo!
Where does the Constitution say anything about replacement?
Wow... incredible
you didn't stipulate that when you asked for our vote and money. Funny - you voted for repeal when you knew Obama would veto it.
THANK YOU for caring! You & @lisamurkowski & @SenatorCollins are bright shinnng examples of why more woman are needed in government! 
So you misled voters in 2015. #PrimaryCapito
She didn't mislead, she flat out is a LIAR! It was all Kabuki Theater in 2015.
I truly regret voting for you and will not to so again. I will campaign against you and do what I can to get you out of the Senate. Shameful
Senator, the current call is to repeal WITHOUT a replacement. So can you confirm that you will VOTE NO on the 2015 Repeal Only bill please?
The bill was repeal and replaced in two years. Capito was elected running on repeal promise. Swindler.
Your concerns? You voted to repeal b4, why not now? Our Mountaineers are hurting from high deductibles, premiums, cvrg they don't want.
You've been lying to us for 7 fucking years!
No!  REPEAL NOW! Replace when a GOOD piece of legislation exists, better yet!  get Govt the hell out of HealthCare you RINO
Every country in the world has healthcare for their people. Why not USA!
Because CONS need the money to give tax breaks to the wealthy - inheritance tax has to be cut, Trump doesn't want taxes, Mcconell doesn't
Let's hope you are right and we all come to our senses. Thanks chuck for intelligent communication without insults. Common sense rules!
Thanks Barbara! Good points.
Because people will get hurt.
#TOTALrepaelNOW !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  TOTAL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Why?
open up the marketplace.  MAKE  healthcare FIGHT/COMPETE for our business!  We The People are the ONLY ones who know whats best for US!
No problem but those that do not want to pay use the ER and we all pay for that. I don't want to carry anyone anymore.
.....er is better than triple+ pricing for all.  Come on.  you will carry their load one way or the other.
That's true so better they take personal responsibility and be mandated to have insurance.
.....that is the problem-ins as it stands today is unaffordable.  The er is America's 'health clinics'  ..has been for 30+ yrs. develop that
How does that square with this:
Capito, in 2015: The 2-year delay will "allow us time to enact alternative reforms without disrupting coverage." (2/2)
You voted yes on this identical bill on 7/26/15 without this ultimatum. If you don't vote yes now, we will all know you're a fraud.
Wait first you voted YES in 2015 knowing BO would veto, but now you will not work with #POTUS you are phony as they come.
Or perhaps she's listened to the people in West Virginia that are being ravaged by the opioid crisis and has now made an informed decision.
45 BILLION in the bill for opioid crisis. That's huge. I live in Montgomery Cty Ohio. The epicenter. We've had 10,000 ODs so far this yr.
I have a niece addicted to heroin. Educate yourself. This bill would've given immediate aid to states.
for hundreds of thousands of people. Sorry about your niece, that's terrible. As an addict myself I feel for her and want her to be well.2/2
Good luck in your sobriety. Stay strong & busy.
Repeal this now.  You are subverting the will of the people!! We want repeal.
Why?
Govt should stay OUT of healthcare. Its all abt control. You promised us a repeal is 2015. You r now another GOP liar who WILL be voted out
Politicians are supposed to represent their constituents, & that includes not taking away their healthcare.
Repeal it and give "WE THE PEOPLE" the same health care plan Congress and Senate has. Problem Solved
Why repeal?
Liar.
There was no replacement plan in today's MTP
You lied.
Liar.
This was a lie!
(Cough) Bullshit (Cough)
You lie.
Coward
Keep it real. Your "concerns" are The LIVES of your constituents - regular WV folk. Human beings deserving of the dignity Medicaid provides.
Looks like you caved
Liar. You do not represent your people. You are a shill.
How's that going for you, liar?
So, what happened that gave you spinal collapse?
liar.
I would've thought we'd have to dig through year old tweets to find you being dishonest. It only took a week
SHAME. Sold your soul.
What did they give you Shelley? You're legacy will be one of shame. You have forgotten who you work for. Despicable.
So they bought you off with what?
Shame on you. I hope your constituents repay you by voting you out. I have never in all my life seen a more spineless @GOP
Coward
So what your concerns again? They certainly weren't for the health of West Virginians.
How did Trump change your mind?
we'll just put that in the won't forget column
Guess what?
Please, they are never going to do anything good for the American people and you know it!
Ya sure. Speak up and admit you're afraid of Trump. It's a mans world.
I assume you saw the plan b4 today's vote. Kindly share what's in it.
You're a gutless immoral sellout 
LIAR
So Broom Hilda you're confident & 7 years & No HC Plan. I would love to know what it took to buy your vote? Maybe a new position or money
Well, it looks like you tiled up the Trump people. That's ok, they get triggered by just about anything. Vote for what is best for the USA
Care to share?
How brave of you to vote to proceed with discussions on legislation none of your constituents have even seen
As far as I can tell there is no plan. Please protect our care. Please do the right thing!
Hey I call BS.
Oh stop. 
If you REALLY CARED you'd be honest about ACA & 'fix the issues' that GOP are CAUSING.

You are a TRUMP SYCOPHANT & we all see it
Yet, you voted yes on MTP w/o one. Have any principles?
LIAR. All of you are bought and paid for. You people sit there & u contradict yourselves & just go about ur day like its no big deal. SICK
WVU grad here. After that bizarre boy scout shout out you cave? That's some deep, deep cowardice.
Lie

Any further thoughts on this, Senator?
You voted for a straight repeal 2 years ago. Just change your party to Democrat and be done with it.
And what is the replace option today?
If your concerns involve not bankrupting & killing people, they will never be met if @SenateMajLdr & Trump have their way
what happened to this?
See where that confidence gets you at reelection time. #karma
You're lying here. Everyone, including you, knows you're lying.
Ummm, what happened?
They played you like they played the electorate.
Shame!
How could you be confident about the bill you voted to proceed on if you don't know what's in it?
Liar.
Then make those concern public instead of making them such a big secret...maybe you want to join the Democrats...maybe you should.
Coward
I guess that was a lie. I wish your health insurance goes away
Don't listen to the trolls. I'm with you!
You were bought off.
You sell out. Guess what. You just voted to hurt people.
Shame on you
You monster.
Hope that Koch bros money is worth the thousands who will die because of you!
This is a lie.
Liar
You lied here for all to see. 
Shame on you for your selfish weakness and disgusting decision. Traitors will be remembered in 2018.
This turned out to be a lie.  Why did you lie to the people you are supposed to represent?
SHAME SHAME SHAME....you have a lot to answer to your constituency and remember your job is less secure than ever because you work for us
Are you concerned that 22M too many Americans have healthcare? Your yes vote says exactly that.
Coward. Traitor. Shame on you.
So what happened here @SenCapito ? You voted for something that you don't know details of? You're a liar. #jerk #shame
You have shown us your true colors; you're a lying hypocrite, and we can't trust you to serve our best interests.
lmao what a lie this turned out to be, your concerns are worthless I guess
You lied. Voters will remember ALL of this.
Congratulations on lying to your constituents. I guess you did come to Washington to hurt people.
Please hold true to this original tweet and do not settle for a flawed, harmful healthcare plan.
As long as the replacement plan involves nothing and only deals with repealing Obamacare then that would be fine
Liar.
You lied to your constituents. This seems like the modus operandi of the GOP. Who paid you behind the scenes to change your vote?
From your words to Gods ears, lest we forget
So sad when even women can't stand up to these sexist, misogynistic, racist pigs, when you actually have a voice.  We will remember!!
Lies. All lies. One day you say X, next day you say Y. Cannot trust ANYTHING you say. I WILL be donating to your opponent. Pathetic.
Full of 

PLEASE vote NO!!
You're a liar.
Oh?
Liar.  You always were.  Always will be.
You lied!
Liar.
Fraud.
Not senator for much longer.
Buh bye!
Fricking LIAR!
Vote NO
Then you are a fool, who just bought a bridge after getting your purse stolen on the Metro.
feel like retweeting yourself today?
YOUR concerns .... how about the concerns of YOUR CONSTITUENTS,  OR THE MILLIONS OF AMERICAN LIVES you're about to destroy??

You lied @SenCapito
Shame
Well?
You lied
Wittgenstein will be happy.
You betrayed women today
https://www.realclearpolitics.com/articles/2017/07/04/repeal_now_replace_later_is_really_mean_134365.html …
well this didn't age well... a week later... #KillTheBill
You are a traitor just like the rest of your GOP slime pot.
Well Shelley, you are a woman so no looky looky at the bills for you dear!
liar.
Bullshit. You're a sell out. You're state has an opiate epidemic, you're KILLING PEOPLE.
What part of today left you confident? Liar. Hypocrite. Pawn.
Did you not see this?!
Every major patients' rights group in the country took out a full-page ad in today's New York Times to urge a No vote on Obamacare repeal. 
you voted for repeal with no replacement. this old tweet is a lie. are you sure you want to keep your job?
Unreal. You have failed your constituents.
Your craven indifference to those in need is duly noted. History will record your cowardice; more immediately, so will your constituents.
Shame on you. Shame shame shame.
Well you lied. Shocker.
Is there a replacement that you care to explain? You caved in and betrayed tens if millions #ShameOnYou
#liar #coward
BOOOO!  Shame on you
This was and is a lie. And you know it. You were bullied and bought.
Not only did u vote yes on MTP, but u voted yes on the very thing (BCRA) you opposed just last week! So were u lying then, or now? #resist
@TheSpaceGal 7 days ago.....
How is the plan now addressing your concerns?  You voted YES. So I assume you now have some new info?
Murderer.
Then you lied ?!
Coward. You should have voted no until you saw the real details of the bill.
a real "profile in courage" she is.  i'm so disgusted with her right now i can't formulate a decent response to this.
I hear ya. I have Pat Toomey representing me. 
@SenCapito is a coward
Why are you lying to your constituents?
Liar.
What a disgusting women you are.  Disgusting.  I hope you have no children or grandchildren that get sick...oh that's right, you're rich.
Wow, Trump threatens you and your integrity goes out the window.
