#noprobenorobe
And do you think what you just did makes America great again?  WRONG!!!!
Confirms the hypocrisy of GOP and YOU!
Voting democrat!!!
AND FOR THE GOOD OF NATION & SENATE MERRICK GARLAND DESERVED GOP RESPECT.  GOP block on lower court judges got this ball rolling

“For the good of the nation & for the good of the Senate” you could have argued that Merrick Garland should have a hearing. You didn’t. https://twitter.com/SenCapito/status/848981823728340994 …
Delete your account.
It's been proven that the majority of Americans want the ACA(with a few minor fixes)2 remain. So why is the GOP so hellbent on destoying it?

My no on Gorsuch isn't payback for Garland, but any Republican lecturing us on obstructionism this week get the Gold Medal of Hypocrisy.
No vote for Garland, so no vote for Gorsuch. Can't have it both ways.
Why didn't you try to move Obama's nominee forward? Seems a bit hypocritical of you to tweet this now.
More than a bit hypocritical.
Oh the hypocrisy!!!
You have also been trying to convince America that coal is "good for the nation," and that isn't true either.
For the good of the nation & for the good of the Senate, you should confirm Merrick Garland.
.@SenCapito Too late. Republicans went nuclear refusing to give vote to Garland. Party over country. #StolenScotus
Voting you OUT
Tell me who runs against her and I will donate!
Wrong thinking.  How about the good of the country? This SCOTUS  nominee shouldn't have been nominated much less voted on. WV 4 filibuster!
Please don't go nuclear. Please. Sincerely, your constituent.
Then do something about it. Lead!
Hey Shelley, how did you feel about Merrick Garland not even getting a hearing? Was that good for the nation?
We remember

No vote until the investigations are done. No lifetime apt. for @POTUS under investigation! @SenCapito voting now is wrong. @VigilanceJCWV
Neil Gorsuch is not good for this country nor are the extreme views of the GOP when it supports such a nominee and refuses Merrick Garland.
For the good of the nation & for the good of the Senate, there should be no appointee from illegitimate Prez who probably colluded w Russia.
With respect, Senate Republicans should postpone vote until R's and D's can resolve Garland travesty.
this is absolutely NOT good for the nation. It's good for your pocketbook and party status.
If the GOP were truly concerned about our nation and its institutions I feel they would've acted differently over the last 6 yrs
Only 6?! What about GWB? Reagan? NIXON?!?!
Ahem 

M
E
R
R
I
C
K

G
A
R
L
A
N
D
Do you know what role Judges have under r constitution?
They follow the law-That is what Judge Gorsuch does
He should be confirmed 100 to 0
#Garland
For the good of the nation, you should resign. Opinions like yours are damaging, and divisive to real democracy.
Town hall
I could not agree with you more.  It's time for the Senate to start being the Senate, They need to put the best interests of the nation 1st.
Merrick Garland didn't even get that far.
you do your job, let others do theirs and see if everyone agrees. I think he's a poor choice for the seat as are you. 2018...
For the good of the nation, Dem&GOP Senators must represent their constituents,act like respectful adults &not bring shame to our democracy.
@GOP failed your obligations when you didn't allow a vote for Garland. Despicable #notmyrepublicanparty #failedgop
You should have thought of "the good of the nation &... the Senate" last year & forced McConnell to hold hearings for Merrick Garland.
You should not vote him through unless you do not want to keep your seat
Respectfully, we've waited over a year now for a fully functional Supreme Court. It's wasn't a problem to make Merrick Garland wait?  Sorry
how is reversing Roe v. Wade good for all Americans? He's far too conservative.
2 words for you...Merrick Garland. Also, 8 years of blocking Obama. Enjoy your last term. You WILL be voted out. #StopGorsuch #ImpeachTrump
Merrick Garland
Do you know who Merrick Garland is?
That is a stolen seat. It was President Obama's seat to fill. I hope this was the song you were singing when Republicans refused Garland.
Merrick Garland. The hypocrisy is astounding
Have a seat, Shel
Like there should have been advise and consent, not stonewalling and lollygagging for all of #POTUS44 terms? Yeah, I thought so.
Senator your party has forfeited any claim of patriotism, it is a swamp of Russian operatives hell bent on international white nationalism.
Voting NO is not a fillibuster
Learn your political terminology
Democrats allowed a vote
which dictator @SenateMajLdr did not
For the good of the country, NO #SCOTUS nominee should go forward via rule change until cloud of treason over #TrumpRussia is investigated!
Dems know that during an election..the incoming president decides. They thought Hilary would win and still get their nomination. Wrong! 
The blockade of Merrick Garland brought us to this point.
#MerrickGarland.Enough said. Why is this even continuing with #Trumprussia investigation? WV deserves better than you. Meet with your voters
Wrong....Why didn't  Merrick Garland get his hearing ?
Says the party that obstructed every single thing Obama did bc they care more about self interest than Americans. Give me a break.
For the good of the nation, Mitch McConnell shouldn't be allowed to change confirmation rules in the middle of the process.
For the good of the nation, you should resign.
For the good of the nation, you should have given Garland a hearing!
Merrick Garland was good for Senate and the nation. This one is on you. Own it.
for the good of the nation, the Senate should go fuck itself.
For the good of the nation & for the good of the Senate, you should have considered Merrick Garland.
Merrick Garland
Amen!!!
Take away the filibuster- it's the GOPs only weapon when we win next election
What's the point of a filibuster if you can't block a big buisness sell out like this corporate bag man  SCOTUS nominee.
For the good of the nation there should be a Justice Merrick. No Republican cared about the "Good" of the nation then.
The GOP has no ground to stand on after refusing to even have hearings on Merrick Garland.
Then put forward a moderate judge. How would it feel if Gorsuch refused to meet with you, too?
Nope!  The clear and present danger is in the WH and until cleared by FBI, his nominee can't be approved.  #ImpeachTrump
Reduce number of Supreme Court justices to seven. Problem solved.
MERRICK GARLAND! !!
Bingo...!
Merrick who...???
Garland.
For good of  & for good of senate, there should be no SCOTUS vote while POTUS is under criminal investigation & legitimacy is in question.
Was blocking @MerrickGarland_ for the good of the nation too ma'am? Spare me ur ignorance and two-faced reasoning... #NoOnGorsuch
Merrick Garland, you hypocrite.

Trump SCOTUS pick Gorsuch said women should ask companies for permission to have children.

Yes, really.
…
Remind me what your vote was for Merrick Garland again? 
No confirmation until review of Russian influence in election is complete. If we have an illegitimate president, he deserves no nominee.
: For the good of the nation & for the good of the Senate, there should have been #Merrickgarland hearings
You should have thought of that a few months ago. Hypocrit
For the good of the country block Gorsuch. (It's only fair:)
Then you Rs should have not blocked President Obama's SCOTUS pick.  Hypocrites all of you!
MERRICK GARLAND ring a bell? You're pathetic.
Merrick Garland

In 1974, the GOP lost 49 House and 8 Senate seats. They were branded as defended a corrupt, criminal Presidency.
For the good of our state, you should hold town halls to hear from your "constituents."  Recess starts soon.  Let's schedule them!
Merrick Garland.
For the sake of our great nation, the republicans should have allowed a vote on Merrick Garland last year.  Shame on you.  @sencapito
Gota love it. Whenever GOP is about 2 screw Americans,"It's better 4 the people, better for the nation." Really means better 4 their pockets
Are you new to the senate?
I'm being serious 
Were you there last year?
Did you follow any news over the last 18 months or so?
Do NOT use the "nuclear option", please! For the good of our republic, please listen to your constituents.
Who cares about the nation's good? Not Dems.
"Filibusters are only okay if the GOP does it".
Really?  No vote whatsoever on Merrick Garland and you are going tell us what is good for the nation? #hypocrites
where was this when Garland was the nominee? You're so full of it, Senator.
For the good of tha nation & senate, there must be a filibuster of Gorsuch.  I assume you are now convinced I am right.
*the
For their good of the nation there should be a vote. If you don't have enough to confirm him, too bad. #NoOnGorsuch
.@SenCapito Remember that time you spoke out against Repubs not allowing a vote on Garland. Me neither.
I agree. He should just withdraw. And if confirmed anyway, he should just let Garland tell him how to vote. It's only fair.
You and your GOP colleagues should have thought of that when you refused to hold a hearing for Garland. #NoGorsuch
For the good of the nation & for the good of the Senate, there should have been a vote on Merrick Garland.
you only seem to be shouting loud when it suits your party, short term memory, accept it can/will happen, you DID IT.
Merrick Garland
Gorsuch ruled against special needs kids in schools. SCOTUS unanimously said he was wrong. He's wrong for America. Vote NO.
For the good of the nation and the Senate, we will remember the hypocrisy of the GOP and your complicit actions regarding #Russiagate

Then face the -60 vote and don't go nuclear. Be an adult.
Hold on a second guys! Okay, just listen to me everybody ... Merrick Garland!
For the good of the nation you should have given Merrick Garland a fair hearing. Whining about obstruction now is pure hypocrisy.
disappointed. How is it good to allow a @POTUS under federal investigation to nominate anyone to #SCOTUS #IllegitimatePresident
For the good of West Virginia & America, you should resign! @TheDemocrats @TomPerez She's good pal of DINO @Sen_JoeManchin
Merrick Garland. No Republican cared about the good of the country then?
For the good of the nation, a less despicable nominee will be chosen and also wait to vote after FBI concludes #Trumprussia investigation.
There should have been a vote on Merrick Garland
For the good of the Senate and for the good of the country you should have confirmed Garland.
No for the good of the Nation and the Senate you should confirm Judge Garland. Stop being a hypocrite
MERRICK GARLAND SIS
If 60 Senators will not vote for a Supreme Court Justice nominee, then we need a new nominee.
You were willing to deny Hillary a nominee for 4 yrs! For the good of our country you could wait until FBI invest. is done! #GOPtraitors
HYPOCRITE
The GOP's hypocrisy knows no bounds. Let me add 2 the list of tweets here. MERRICK GARLAND. 
Well, sorry it's hurting your feelings. It's gonna happen.
There shuld hve been hearng and up/down vote on Garland & Gorsuch shld have joined w all judiciary & refused nomination until done. Disgrace
Your memory seems very short. In addition, POTUS under current FBI invest should not be granted this honor of nominating a lifetime position
bring up Merrick Garland for a hearing and vote. This was stolen, You're wrecking america and tradition. Garland didnt even get a hearing
For the good of the Senate, give #MerrickGarland a vote
Like you suddenly care about the good of the nation. Republicans care not one whit for good of nation and made as much perfectly clear.
Go home to your kitchen, where #Gorsuch thinks you belong.
But Trump should not be allowed to nominate a Supreme Court justice in his last year, either.
A pity you weren't so conscientious about the interests of the nation and the Senate when Judge Garland was nominated.
There should be no Senators with ties to banking for the good of the Nation.
#For the good of the nation impeach trump & let him die in prison. Traitor
Think before you tweet. (Well there's a novel idea!!)
MERRICK GARLAND. Where were you then? #shame #traitor #criminal
Garland, Merrick. Ring a bell?
Can't wait to see your ass voted out- your Claiborne suits TOO
Excuse me, traitor?? Trump colluded with Russia and this nom should NOT go forward. When are you having a town hall??
Hey, have you heard about a guy named Merrick Garland who should have had a Supreme Court seat? I wonder whatever happened to him?
There Should be a NO vote on him.
you mean merrit garland
Susan Rice Susan Rice Susan Rice. It's coming. Keep playing games 2018 is looking like a winner for Repub. TY so much.
If Gorsuch wasn't a Heritage/Federalist robo-judge, Trump wouldn't nominate, GOP Senate tools wouldn't vote to confirm. 1/2
GOP doesn't care about the good of the country. You care about getting your way. By any means necessary. #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland
Another great Trump choice like Flynn and Brannon.  Guess they were for the good of the country also.
for the good of the nation's CITIZENS, this corporate toady needs to join the Liar-In-Chief in the sewer.
Where were you when Merrick Garland was buried? This is such cheap politics. Consider resigning for the good of Merrick Garland.
There absolutely should be. I am embarrassed in how you dealt with the last nominee for the court. Please do not support nuclear
For the good of the future of the nation and the Senate there SHOULD BE NO NUCLEAR OPTION. Republicans won't always be the majority party.
Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland. The GOP did not even give him a hearing.  Shame shame shame.  Merrick Garland.
Good of the Senate? If you blow up the filibuster over this then it was never a tool anyway. You broke the senate long ago.
MERRICK GARLAND.
GOP Senate shouldn't have ignored constitutional mandate when the sitting president nominated the first justice for the seat
Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland.
You participated in the illicit theft of a SCOTUS seatand are now enabling an illegitimate demagogue
Merrick Garland. Heard of him at all? Where was the good of the senate then?
That's cute. Where was your moral compass for #merrickgarland?
um, #Garland? Remember him? We've been without a full #SupremeCourt for a year. Was that good for the nation?
Exactly, the GOP scratched the dems back so they should return the favor, right?
For the good of the nation any SCOTUS vote should wait until we finish Trump/Russia investigations.
Merrick Garland.
Every Republican Senator is a cowardly lying hypocrite who puts party over country and doesn't care about the damage done.
The good of the nation requires impeachment of Donald Trump.
MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND.
Where was this concern for the country when you blew up Senate norms to block Garland?
4 the good of the nation, dems are finally showN a backbone. We the people don't want yur far-right candidate. #rememberGarland #hypocrites

You are shameless. Merrick Garland #StolenSeat
My god, your PR bunch has this on BLAST.  
MERRICK GARLAND.  Hypocrite.  Keep it up, you'll be voted out, too.
Your hypocrisy is showing. Merrick Garland would have been good for the nation & senate too. Hmmm.
