A 64-year old West Virginian making $27K would pay a premium of $22.4K under #Trumpcare compared to $1.7K under #Obamacare. #AHCAisMean
Then let's work to fix Obamacare. But what does giving tax breaks to 1% have to do with healthcare? #AHCAKills #NOCutsToMedicaid
"Several people"? Try millions of ppl! Is there fraud? I'm sure there is, just like w anything. So police the system but #NoCutsToMedicaid
Please vote no & stand up for West Virginians. #saveMeCapito
@SenCapito 

  You must stand  with your constituents and vote no on Senate Health Care bill!
Please please vote no on healthcare bill! Will hurt me, husband and son! We all have preexisting conditions!Tax credits ridiculously low!
Please vote NO!
You know what would be a good way to get constituent input?  Hold a town hall for crying out loud.
PLEASE VOTE FOR WEST VIRGINIAN'S AND NOT THE GOP.  VOTE (NO) ON THE TRUMP HEALTH CARE ACT.
I hope you vote no.  It does not improve healthcare and does not help the most vulnerable in WV
Dear Senator Capito. Any law that deprives multiple millions of healthcare is immoral. Vote no!
Vote No on Trumpcare! The people need healthcare!
Stop studying. Listen to your constituents who are calling and tweeting asking you to vote no.
Support WV, vote no.  I was here at this meeting
Dear Sen Capito: Your constituents are scared. TY for having the bravery 2 meet w/them. Please also have courage to vote NO if Sen bill bad.
Not seeing the senator's name on list of those opposing it. ??
Sen. Capito is a "has concerns". Howev WV is poor state w/ huge opioid problem -- wld lose funding in time + saw big drop in uninsured w/ACA
Have a conscience, Senator Capito, & vote no on this lousy "healthcare" bill. Woman to woman, is it really good 4 our kids? NO.life x caps!
Please vote No to the ACA bill.
Reject McConnell's cynical secrecy - save lives by supporting healthcare West Virginians have from the ACA.
you need to listen to these people begging for their lives , it's sad that you totally ignore west Virginians begging you to vote no.
Please vote no, do not repeal ACA
I hope you listened and will support them. Senator Rob Portman didn't listen to his.
You must vote no on Senate Health Care bill. WV cannot afford severe cuts in Medicaid. Would wipe out opoid treatment, which U care about.
Thanks for listening @SenCapito Please don't vote to decimate #Medicaid for West Virginians or any Americans #SaveMedicaid
Please listen to your heart and vote NO.  Republicans drafting bill did not have the health needs of the elderly disabled and poor in mind.
All these people begging you to vote no. Texas reps didn't listen to us. Will YOU listen to your constituents?
Please vote no on the McConnell Health Care Bill. Repair the ACA and move on.
You. MUSt vote no on Senate Health Care bill. Stop studying  vote NO.
Hope you listened and vote NO!!!!
Protect women's health. Do not let men decide what is right for women. Stand up to keep birth control and maternity care as essential health
As @Sen_JoeManchin noted, Senate's #AHCA will drastically cut funding for #opioidcrisis. Pls support open debate!  http://www.wvgazettemail.com/news-health/20170620/manchin-ahca-will-worsen-opioid-epidemic-in-wv …
We do not come to support your stance on Medicare!!! Stop telling the press that!! #ShameOnYouShelley #SaveUsCapito #ProtectOurCare
I'm absolutely sure they came to discuss you not taking away people's healthcare, so this is a bit misleading.
"But we can’t just drop them off and wish them good luck.” Those are your words.
Where do we pile the bodies?
Maybe you can give the bodies to Planned Parenthood.. they know how to profit off the dead
Obama Care is dead.  You have to come up with a workable alternative!
Please put the needs of WV over political party! This bill hurts vets, elderly, and children. And worsens the opioid crisis
#ProtectOurCare
thank you for being one of the few to not run & hide.  i, sincerely, hope you listened.
Don’t let West Virginia lose $20M in vital CDC funding. Oppose the AHCA & #ProtectPrevention http://bit.ly/2sQwQcy 
a government that have to heart the problem that live in the normally life is a good state
Will you listen to them? Help them by voting "no" until we get a bill that will not cut the legs out from under them.
Repeal and replace!
I am certain you will betray your constituents.  Shame on you Senator if you vote for this evil Trumpcare.  Medicaid does a LOT. Read up!!
Senator Capito, Please VOTE NO on this secretive ACA repeal. We have no idea what's in it. Do you? @SenateMajLdr
Please don't cut Medicaid. My aunt would die if you did. Please.
VOTE AGAINST this bill. Blind loyalty on party lines is not an excuse when people's lives are at stake.
Obama Care is affordable for seniors like myself & my husband who can’t afford to pay more for a health care Age Tax this late in our lives.
What did they say?  My guess is "Please don't strip healthcare away from me."
Please do the right thing, @SenCapito.
I hope you really, really listened and understood their plights.
Please reject #Trumpcare
You represent wv. Vote what WE WANT not what you think. Keep healthcare for us all.
Please vote yes on the health bill Wall Street Journal says no that means yes to me. They hate Trump
#fakeaccount
Thanks for speaking with them! We WVians trust that you will share the contents of the new bill before you consider supporting it.  We care.
Please stand with the people not the power save our health care
I hope you listened to them and vote NO to repealing Obamacare!
.@SenCoryGardner so if a bunch of us Coloradans travelled to DC, would you meet with us there? Such a dishonorable way to do legislation.
She represents West Virginia...
I know which is why I included my senator :-)
Supporting a slow elimination of health care will not fool anyone.  Support a political party or support WVians, make the right choice.
I turn 26 in a month! I am scared I won't have healthcare. What do I do if I can't get affordable healthcare? No healthcare? Bankruptcy? 
Please stand for what @POTUS promised. This naturally defunds Planned Parenthood. Bill MUST offer better coverage, more covered for less.
It appears many of them suffer from obesity. That is one of the main health problems in WV. In surgery dept at CAMC staff must average 250lb
But did you listen? Leave the current healthcare alone!
Please don't vote for any Healthcare bill that makes cuts to Medicaid, Medicare, or discriminates on the basis of pre existing conditions!
SHOW US THE BILL
What kind of garbage are you cooking up that it can't even go through committees?
If it's the "really great healthcare for everybody" that Trump promised why do you have to hide it?
WHAT ARE YOU HIDING??
The whole Republican Party makes me sick to my stomach.
Waiting to see if her baby will survive when he's delivered at 34 weeks. If she can hang on that long. Should she be without healthcare? 2/2
This secret bill is bullshit. It will affect the very life of people and it's not up for debate?! My best friend is in the hospital 1/2
Please, please, PLEASE vote NO on this sadistic "healthcare" bill.
Please repeal Obamacare. Too many in a boat will sink a boat, and we have too many able-bodied loafers on Medicaid & SSI.
I agree. Fortunately, most West Virginian moochers will lie dead in the streets after they get their fentanyl fix. Jesus loves you.
My grandson has Cystic Fibrosis, please remember children like this when you are making your decision.
A True Christian like Senator Capito doesn't care about you or your grandchild.
I hope they brought Shelley some cash!!  She only sells her votes too the highest bidder!!! #Trumpcare #TrumpCareKills
For every one of them who went, there are thousands more constituents back in WV hoping you'll protect us, not the GOP leadership.
Repealing ACA is not the answer. Work 2gether 2 fix. The ahca is much worse 4 America than the ACA. Don't say u care 4 WV, if u vote 4 ahca.
So what was the result of this meeting?You refuse to meet with us here so please elaborate.
Please listen to their concerns! How many WV constituents  will lose their health care with this heartless plan? I am one!
You have the right to purchase your own health care you do not have the right to get into my wallet in order to do it
Q Shelly how many were earning a paycheck. Once again I am a paycheck earner and tired of paying others bills with my hard earned tax dollar
How about adding some women to the senate's discussion of healthcare?  What an embarrassment and denigration of all women  in the USA.
Does that mean you won't vote to murder them to provide billiionaires with tax breaks?
Remember the older and disable that needs insurance in West Virginia
Too bad. They need to die since they're not productive members of society. So sayeth The Lord.
Thanks for hearing our voices. State over party! Medicaid has helped us so much!
She doesn't care. She will let you die in the gutter to finance tax cuts for those who make more in a day than you in your lifetime.
She cares about being reelected, however, and the more people stand up and voice their opinions, the more that concern becomes real.
Please vote no mrs Capito, on this awful bill. WV constituent! You need to fight for the people of this state who will be badly affected
So glad you met with them. Please don't vote without a CBO report. So many need help with illness, disease and addiction in our state
My family members still live in WV. Some have preexistjng conditions. Please do the right thing and fix the ACA, don't repeal.
Too bad, buddy. Your life for their money isn't a hard bargain for the GOP. Suffer.
I pray to God you vote against a bill that is restricted from debate and transparency.  Thinking you're better than this.  Support WV!
#SaveMeCapito  Children of WV especially those w disabilities & parents who are sick w opioid addiction depend on Medicaid & you!
Dear Senator. Healthcare was reasonable until gov't poked their nose into it!
Trump’s budget director called out people with diabetes as a Americans who do not deserve the protection of health insurance. Do you agree?
Thank you for meeting with us and listening to what an overwhelming number of #WV people want! #SaveMeCapito #ProtectOurCare
House version will increase my Senior $12K annual insurance premium to $20K! Who can afford insurance this high?
I hope you are supporting @POTUS . WV voted.  Go @realDonaldTrump ! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain !
I hope so too! With more West Virginians dead, the electoral college issue can be fixed! #MAGA
Please protect our health care.
Thank you for listening to us Senator.  We hope and pray you do the right and moral thing for West Virginia.
You go ahead and pray.
Plz insist on full debate and CBO score before any vote - hands off Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security and pre-existing conditions
Don't hide the bill and Ass it without discussion. The bill is harmful to those mike my daughter and the middle class. #notrumpcare
didn't know a meeting was an option. Don't vote yes without hearings or markups. Don't be a coward.
Don't let the McConnell take your vote for granted. Protect the millions who lose care.
I sincerely hope you will support the President on a new health care act!  Thank you for your service!  WV proud!
Yep! Kill 'em all!!
Thanks for meeting with us despite the chaos & confusion! Please be our champion
She won't unless you bribed her....Shelley is PARTY OVER COUNTRY all day & night
hope u listen.  hope u realize in WV healthcare can't be cut!
I think everyone is worried that the GOP marching orders are louder than the voice of your own constituents
