Liars should not tweet. No credibility in anything you say.

You are a fake and support evil
There aren't many opportunities for people who die because they don't have access to healthcare.
Vote her out he is a Democrat and Republican's clothing
"Whoopiii!! Now screw your healthcare.  I actually like Obamacare!!"
Corruption just like #FakePresident
Do they have. Healthcare? Asking for a friend.
Is it true the people working for the government get Obamacare free? I see a scam
Stress how important it is to always tell the truth and to keep your word! (Do not use yourself or Donald as examples of this.)
Did you tell them that you are still not sure how to vote on a bill that is going to take away their healthcare?!
SOMEHOW @SenCapito is undecided on Trumpcare. 

Here’s her office: 202-224-6472…
Did you tell them you didn't go to DC to hurt people?
Please find something in life that has some common since for you.
Did you tell them you're determined to make sure they can't get decent healthcare in WV, or anywhere in America? #PartyHack #spineless
Great - Check Never Seen Products -
I'd imagine that will be a very short conversation then?
I'm happy we have someone fighting for us. But I have two questions : will West Virginia help the flood victims in the McMechen township ?
http://www.kff.org/health-reform/issue-brief/individual-insurance-market-performance-in-early-2017/ …
WV is watching you. If you think we are all uneducated and not paying attention, you are wrong. You caved to the GOP. How much ?
Slash Medicaid!!
please vote No on skinny repeal or any of these rushed health "care" plans. Needs to be right. Be strong against the jerky bullying.  
Whiners gonna whine! Drama. The sky will fall!
300 lost jobs at CAMC because of Obamacare and Medicaid!!!!!!!


Please protect those on the ACA and vote NO to the Skinny Repeal. House will come back with a bad bill. Medicaid will be slashed.

At this point McConnell and leadership are just straight-up trying to con their own members.
We do not need cowards and liars in Washington D.C. Shelley Capito voted for Obamacare today and we will hold her accountable.
Has POTUS not done enough for your state with coal? Senator you have made a very bad decision for the people.

There is not one working person that likes a pickpocket in any way shape or form
You have the right to purchase your own health care you do not have the right to get in my wallet anyway shape or form in order to do it
While you're at it tell him 53% of the people in the state of West Virginia don't work and you'll take that money out of their paychecks
the people who voted you in will now vote you out. I voted for you every time you were up.. no more good luck in your future endeavors
Thank you for voting against repealing Obamacare.
Seems to me, you just threw yourself right out of the next term. Don't let the door hit you in  on the way out.
Just be quite hypocrite
Thank you Senator Capito for your common sense approach to actually understanding the needs of your constituents as related to healthcare!
vote no on the "skinny" repeal. It will up the costs. It solves nothing.
Unfortunately, many entry level jobs don't have health ins, & you voted to make sure employees have no other option. Did you mention that?
Won't be much opportunities for you. Have fun working at McDonalds! #DrainTheSewer #liar #MAGA
students who aren't paying insurance premiums that are RUINING household budgets! Lifestyle changing costs so I bear other's burden$. UNFAIR
THIS is why Capito is considering selling us out. No repeal, No sweet, sweet KOCH $.  WILL U SELL US OUT, SENATOR?
West Virginia?  really?  who stands to benefit more that the poor  of WVA.  Be a strong woman like others standing against Oconnell!
Shelley is Trumps and Satan's pet
Hope you have a job back up plan#Americans are coming in 2018 and 2020 to Put the GOP in the unemployment lines#lie to us#you will pay
Make sure to tell them that they may not survive till adulthood with no health care.
Resign
Bought and paid for.
Please read AMA STATEMENT ON SKINNY BILL  https://www.ama-assn.org/ama-statement-senate-debate-health-system-reform …
Senator Capito please vote no on Obamacare repeal!
Skyping with those few WV voters who don't think you're a bought and paid for liar and fraud. Repeal or resign.
I found out in March I had cancer. I started chemo.  I lost my job on june 9 I may need to get medicade soon. Worked the same job for 24 yrs
And make sure you tell them they won't get any #healthcare! @SenCapito #VoteNo #protectOurCare
You should be ashamed for voting against repeal of Obamacare after Trump won your state and got coal miners jobs back
Try readying the crappy ass healthcare bill your ready to pass, it's a lot more important. #KillTheBill
If you don't screw people over with health care. Have you ever heard of Maslow?
I hope you get voted out
Thank you for voting No! Thank you !
Thank you for voting NO on the latest repeal bill!
The Traitors - Collins, Capito, Heller, McCain, Portman, Lamar Alexander, Murkowski.  May the rage of the Nation rain down.
Lipstick on a pig press releases. Where is health insurance?

BREAKING: Insurers say "skinny" repeal will destabilize markets and lead to "steep premium increases and diminished choices" 

Senator it time to step back up regarding healthcare. Do the right thing. I would rather have my self respect than sell my soul.
They are cutting Medicaid in conference. Please stop this.
Cornyn on if Medicaid will be in skinny: "No, I think people understand we'll address the Medicaid issue when we conference with the House."
As a former WV 4h'er, I must remind you that the 4h motto is to make the best better. And the H's stand for Head, Hands, Heart and Health...
You were against Repeal & Delay last week. Have the courage to vote "No," now that it's poised to take healthcare from tens of millions.
There is no replacement plan in sight that addresses your concerns & this chaotic attempt to cobble together a partisan bill is a disgrace.
We need a bipartisan solution that goes through regular order, with public hearings and expert testimony. You can make that happen.
You need to vote for the 2015 Repeal Bill. Obamacare is destroying healthcare! Please vote for the 2015 Repeal Bill.
How many of your constituents losing healthcare is acceptable to you? If you vote for the ACA repeal, I hope you suffer the consequences.
Apparently the Healthcare industry will not be one of those opportunities, kids.
https://twitter.com/SenatorCantwell/status/890286025519640577 ….
Today I'm offering a measure to be voted on this afternoon to protect #Medicaid & the Medicaid expansion from devastating cuts 
Vote with Sent. Cantwell
Doodling on the computer while destroying health care for millions. Great multitasking, Shelley!
Nothing you do matters if you kill half your constituents by denying them basic health care needs. Stay focused and #KillTheBill
Did you also tell them many of their families will lose access to healthcare...
Did any not want to listen and allow debate talk?
Keep Trump away from 4H!
I'm confused by your vote for the BCRA which gutted Medicaid. Portman amendment not even close to making up the difference.  #hurtsWV
Traitor
Please vote NO on Trumpcare...no  caps on benefits and preexisting condition clauses must be preserved
Did you discuss health care opportunities for those students with preexisting conditions?Or the ones who need to stay on parents ins til 26?
How many of those students are at risk of losing health coverage because of your cowardice?
#voteoutcapito
People, people, people YOU are our VOICE! Listen to us! Please don't take our ACA away! Be STRONG! Do what's right! People over party!!!!
healthcare one of biggest industries in WV. Your lack of support will increase unemployment not to mention the people who lose.
Like being an oxy dealer.

Go to Hell.
Are you lying to them, Liar?
How many of those students will loose healthcare now? Don't fail them, they will remember.
The only variety is the kind of respiratory disease you'll get.
Shame on you. Today do what's right and vote NO
how is your vote yesterday supposed to stimulate any new economic opportunities in #WV as health care is at risk for your state?
Repeal Obamacare/ACA! It's why you were elected!
Have you also been considering your health care votes? WV health care industry will shrink if you vote to repeal ACA. #SaveMeCapito
WV would have many more opportunities if they did not go broke because of Obamacare which you now so surprisingly support. #traitor
#CapitoLies
Please. Tell them to apply in the mines like you promised. Tell them how you work for politics not people. They'll be lined up at the line.
You think your constituents really care about this right now?
health care not one of the opportunities, liar.
Did you tell them how our healthcare economy here is going to tank thanks to your vote yesterday?
VOTE NO ON "SKINNY REPEAL". Even this limited repeal will cause West Virginians to DIE.
Wow! I was only joking about 45 giving you a Repeal Badge; by the look of your attire today looks like you got more than one. MVP too?!
Maybe you can clarify for them how you lied when you tweeted this...?
MORE: I will only vote to proceed to repeal legislation if I am confident there is a replacement plan that addresses my concerns.
Teach these kids a lesson about accountability for the promises you make
you should skype with West Virginians that depend on the ACA.
Your word means nothing Senator. You lied about your vote.
Good god, woman. Are you reading replies to your tweets? People are *begging* you to care & vote against repeal. Are you that heartless?
How does it feel to be the most hated woman in the state. From what I've read it's now most hated in US
Listen!
I bet quite a few of these kids and their parents are covered by Medicaid and #ACA.
With ur current stance I would not suggest to them a career in health care. BTW are you familiar with those employment #s? #ProtectOurCare

Where are these opportunities. I must commute 2.5 hrs each way for a living wage.
Not going to matter in WV, if hundreds of thousands lose health care. Hospitals close, health care jobs lost. If you support, you own it
Please please on behalf of all the young men & women with chronic health conditions, don't take away our ACA! Work together-make it better!
Economic opportunities...You mean after our state's rural health infrastructure and jobs collapse thanks to the GOP "health care" bill?
I dont have any economic opportunities because I cant afford my utility bills because of my health insurance costs. REPEAL like you promised
If you think repeal will lower your health insurance costs you are sadly deluded.
Please support the health care 
And the Trump train supports you
Economic opportunities as long as you are wealthy and healthy enough to afford insurance.
Capito, you are still a liar.
Get healthcare passed need rid of Obamacare no insurance pay offs reduce Medicaid some and move forward taxes we need wins ME and AK bad ppl
Exactly!  Would be nice if she'd do what she promised during election wouldn't it?
They'll have more opportunities if they can stay HEALTHY!! I believe in you senator! Don't take our ACA away!! Work together-make it better!
So ashamed if your cave-in yesterday on the ACA vote.  I will work hard to replace you & donate to your opponents with pride. #WVnative
Oh no! A liberal working against a RHINO.
Kill the bill! Don't kill us!
Shame
Some of those students may lose their healthcare because of you
Are you taking away their access to heathcare? #KillTheBill
Her time as WV Senator will absolutely depend on it! First water! Then educ! Now HC!  Everything she touches shits onWV & lines her pockets!
What a coward.
Why did you say for 6 months you would protect Medicaid, and then vote to strip $700B from the budget?
Why should I pay for other people to have insurance when I can't afford my own premiums and deductibles. Do you people think this is a joke?
..
Name one.
How big will MILLIONAIRE @SenCapito's TAX CUT be when she STEALS healthcare from 218,000 West Virginians???

#KeepCalling
Why did you lie about your vote on the motion to proceed?
Why did she lie when she ran to Repeal O'care? If she doesn't follow through I GUARANTEE she'll be a 1 term Senator
Did any of them ask you about why you lied to them?
