
AARP will inform our 38M members how each & every Senator votes on this bill via ads, our print publications, social media & more. #VoteNo
You know what else is a threat to national security. Have your fellow Americans lose healthcare. Please #voteno
#Trump called you a fool and #FoxandFriends agreed
Republicans in the Senate will NEVER win if they don't go to a 51 vote majority NOW. They look like fools and are just wasting time......
And you sent a clear message that you are a Democrat. You will b voted out of office
What about the threats against all Americans coming from inside the US. "Asking for a friend".
What was the vetting process for the Awan brothers. May be time to focus on cleaning the house.
M. Obama stated at one point that ALL Fed officials will go onto Obamacare. NO ONE DID because each of you knew the failings. Hypocrite.
But you will stand for killing people with something called skinny?? #FailureFriday
What about threats to the healthcare of millions of Americans? Join Sens Murk and Collins and step up, do the right thing and vote NO!
Girl, how can you even tweet that after the corruption of your people?
So you all in the Senate and Congress have the power and know how to accomplish this eh?
Right.
Oh GOOD apparently Shelly is planning on retiring. 
Senator Capito - Pls vote no on #skinnyrepeal. If you are concerned about the nation's security, you need to be concerned about our health.
The people wanting you to vote 'No on skinny repeal,must live in the eastern panhandle  West Virginia is a shit hole
How about threats to our domestic security? Vote "no" on skinny repeal
But you will let millions die without access to healthcare. You're a real winner
We're all watching.  You are doing a GREAT job.  We've seen enough of Obamacare.
Meanwhile congress drags feet on Trump Russia crimes & Treason
But threats to American citizen's healthcare and livelihood you will stand for. Cool.
People dying because they don't have access to healthcare seems like a National Security issue to me.
Nice Work Senator. Way to change the subject from your defection from the voters that gave you the job. Keep it up ,next job dogcatcher
Repeal Obamacare damn it
Does that apply to internal threats as well? Because you surely do cozy up to a major internal threat at every chance.
Send a clear message that the @SenateGOP won't take away 16 million American's health insurance VOTE NO #SkinnyRepeal
What about healthcare? @gop bill is a threat to American's security. Vote no on #SkinnyRepeal
West Virginia, make Shelley Moore a one term Senator...!
Yet you are silent on #Ukraine meddling in 2016 election.
#hypocrite
And you sent a clear message that you really don't care about WV when you sided with your party instead of what is best for the people in WV
But will continue to support Democrat laws that force people against their will to buy health insurance to pay for everyone else. Marxist.
Do you really think the Tweeter-in-Chief (so called president) will sign your bill?
UNDEMOCRATIC to pass a bill without full disclosure, open hearings, bipartisan discussion & ammendments.  ACA took 11 months.  NO REPEAL!
If it passes in the Senate, it will pass in the House. It's a scam. Trying to trick Repubs into believing that the House won't pass it.
Can you not be brave like Collins and Murkowski and do what is right for WV and America?--vote NO!
Vote NO!
The healthcare fraud is a threat to our national security.
And we won't stand for threats to our SENATORS!!!! We support YOU Senator Capito. Thank you for supporting US vote NO!! Keep people insured!
We'll see. POTUS just nominated AlphaBank (Russia's 2nd largest) lawyer to head Criminal Investigation Div of DOJ.
Pls cont to stand up2him.
You people don't get it you
Think we are going to stand 
By and let you remove 
Trump... You asking for a civil
War.
There's one more threat-this healthcare bill is an internal threat to our nation #VoteNo
Well, other than the one at 1600 Pennsylvania Ave.  Selective defense of the nation by the GOP Senate.  You are so proud!  #PartyB4Country
You will literally be killing people by playing these damned GOP games.
You work for your CONSTITUENTS, not for Trump. Remember that.
But you'll do nothing about their healthcare ?
Oh? I didn't know you'd removed Trump from office! The national security threat is over! Hallelujah!
Even insurance companies are telling you not to vote for this.
Please do the right thing and vote no on the skinny bill. We are depending on you.
Do what is right for your constituents, women,  and your fellow Americans. #VoteNo
NO on "skinny repeal!" Don't let McConnell lead WV patients down that slippery slope! We are very afraid.
Please continue to be strong on #healthcare . There are no ironclad guarantees. You show your leadership by voting what you believe.
Vote no leave our healthcare alone or we will vote you out.
Do not vote for the sham health bill. If you don't want skinny repeal to become law DO NOT VOTE YES. You can force regular order. Save WV 
The biggest threat to our security is #trumpdisaster
Hmmmmmm, are you going to take that statement back in a couple of years? 
 https://shar.es/1Tebix 
The greatest hoax http://fb.me/4Vwwetk2G 
Omg shut up
You want to be on the right side of history.
TOTAL REPEAL. For ur working middle class. We don't need expanded Medicaid. Medicaid, as intended is fine. Send freedom & liberty back 2 WV.
Yes. And Please vote NO on this irresponsible "skinny repeal"! We need you to be a patriot and stand up for America 
Fifty constituents are now in front of your Morgantown office honoring lives that will be lost if you vote to take away their health care.
Way to go, #Mountaineers!  #ProtectOurCare #SaveMeCapito
But speaking of nat'l security, how long is the GOP going to allow the temper tantrums to continue out of control from the White House?
I don't live in WVA, but I have relatives who do & they're not on Twitter. On their & the country's behalf -- please vote no on skinny bill!
Pleased vote "No"- not only is this destroying people's healthcare- it is destroying the reputation of the Senate and the country.
Is the one where Gen Maddis nor our SOS have any flexibility whatsoever?  Great.
#voteno on skinny repeal, our state will be hurt the most if you let this pass.
Please vote no on skinny repeal, Ryan gave no assurance it won't become law
Yes! Great vote for sanctions. TY
Now protect your constituents. Paul Ryan will vote #skinnybill into law & lay the fallout blame on Sen.
Are you also going to send a clear message that you give a damn about American's health? #ProtectOurCare #SaveMedicaid
VOTE NO ON SKINNY REPEAL!  WE ARE WATCHING YOU SO THAT WE KNOW HOW TO CAST OUR VOTES!  #WVSTRONG
Please send another message, that Americans deserve better healthcare #VoteNO
#voteNoSenator
Tonight, will you send a message to the Senate that you didn't come to DC to take people's healthcare away?
Thanks for your action on this essential reaction to prevent WH independent withdrawl of Russian sanctions.
The Senate and the POTUS are more of a threat to our national security than any foreign entity...except maybe Russia.
Vote NO on the skinny bill and make us proud.
please vote NO on the skinny bill. 16 million will lose insurance in the first year. work on improving the ACA in bipartisan manner
Please do not abandon WV families by voting for the skinny repeal tonight.  Be a senator for WV not to score a win for the party!
And not just a loyal republican to score a win for the party!
Vote no on the skinny bill and send s clear messsge that this bullshit wont be tolerated.
VOTE no on the skinny. It's crazy!
https://press.aarp.org/2017-07-27-AARP-Voices-Objections-to-Senators-on-So-Called-Skinny-Health-Care-Bill … VOTE NO
Paul Ryan is trying to hoodwink you. Dont fall for it. I believe you won't. The GOP women have been a shining light. Dont let us down.

Is the health of America, our lives, to be voted upon a party line? 
Of all votes, shouldn't our LIVES get #Bipartisan committees &hearings?
But nothing for Americans to regain their freedom and choice in healthcare. Keep your celebration and do as you promised #repeal
Honestly. I prefer Trump handle Russia, Iran and Syria. Sick of paying for war
Hey lying leather face y don't you stop with the BS and send a clear message u actually support workers but welfare.
send another clear message and vote no on the skinny repeal
Send one Moore message that you care Moore about country than party. Vote no on #skinnyrepeal
The House will pass whatever they get from Senate. Ryan said so. VOTE NO!  SAVE LIVES! Craft a bill correctly like John McCain said to do!
Please don't vote yes on a bad bill. Don't count on the House to protect our care. Vote no on skinny repeal.
Obviously, this old bitty is going to vote YES.  She doesn't care about the people.
Thank you! Please vote NO on this healthcare bill that could be passed to the House without deliberation. Please stand up and fight for us

Senate moderates who vote yes are giving the bill to the Freedom Caucus. https://twitter.com/benjysarlin/status/890722760435146752 …
Do not vote for this bogus "skinny" bill. This erodes what little dignity the Senate has left and is the first step toward a toxic ending.
Stop Trumpcare
WE ARE BEGGING YOU @SenCapito TO PLEASE VOTE NO! THIS IS A TRICK TO GET #skinnyrepeal - PLEASE VOTE NO! WE ARE SO SCARED!!! 
What about our healthcare?
And the 2 "NO" votes?  @RandPaul and @SenSanders
you don't seem to be taking a stand to fix #Obamacare either 
don't think your safe because we cant kick you out until Trumps second term
RED ALERT: WATCH OUT! RYAN DID NOT GUARANTEE THE HOUSE VOTE ON THE SENATE BILL WILL GO BEFORE CONFERENCE COMMITTEE!  BEWARE!
Also sent clear message that they are going to ram a health plan up America's a$$ regardless of whether it makes sense.  Despicable showing.
Stop distraction attempts concerning nat'l security. How are voting on Health care? No one in wv with any sense cares about anything else!
This is mildly good news, but it doesn't excuse your shitshow of a "healthcare" bill.
Yes, thank you. Now, send a message to Americans you care about their health. Vote no.
Senator, right now too many of your constituents are wondering if they will have healthcare. Step up to the plate.
HOW ABOUT TONIGHT YOU SEND A CLEAR MESSAGE TO @SenateMajLdr AND @SpeakerRyan and VOTE NO! American people - we are SCARED TO DEATH PLEASE!!
Senators please vote No to ACA repeal.
Good job. Vote no on skinny bill.
Except from the White House.
Send another one that shows the Senate won't stand for threats to any individual member of the Senate because they don't vote with the pres.
But that we will continue to fuck up the national security of every other country on Earth.
