UR a hypocrite. YOU sought funds from ALL US tax payers but refuse to repeal ObamaCare for ALL Americans forced into a bad deal. Hypocrite.
NEWS: Just learned that because of your efforts WV may also lose healthcare coverage.
 @Jeff_A_Martin FTW!
UR efforts gained funds from US taxpayers but U voted against the repeal of Obamacare for all America though U voted 4 it before? REALLY? Fu
And how many less insured?
That's nice. Now do the right thing and vote to repeal Obamacare and defund planned parenthood.
You mean a bribe to vote 'yes' to a thoroughly sickening bill denying your constituents the dignity of decent affordable healthcare?
Yea WV is a cash cow that us taxpayers have to support...Thanks.
Where can one apply for flood relief?
What should we vote for NO or Yes on drug cost .
Great but be sure to protect health care and vote no tonight! This bill will destabilize markets further. So much harm will be caused
Vote no on repeal.
What about healthcare?
Trump blackmailed you
Shame on you for your vote on the "skinny"  health care proposal.  We will remember your vote when you run for reelection.
Yet if they don't have healthcare, they may not be around to benefit from it.
Your constituents deserve a dishonest health care bill to be shouted down. As you said you would.
Enjoy what remaining time you have left. Congress and The Senate has failed the United States due to inaction
That's great. Now, please make peace with President Trump and work toward getting factories back from overseas, pls. We are more than coal.
I was in clendenins big flood. FEMA wouldn't help me, WV didn't help me. Kind strangers helped me. Where does all this money really go?
Is this what u traded ur morals for when u voted for your party against ur own people ???!
Because of your sell out
Thank you , keep up the good work for WV .
Hate that YOU get anything from the USG since YOU give nothing.
Where was the RED CROSS?
Shelley, you sold out your state on their healthcare.
That is good but what are you doing for senior and the price of health care?
Is that what you got for your vote destroying our health care ? Soulless
So, your constituents who die because they don't have access to healthcare are worth $42M? At least they won't have to worry about flooding.
You still lied about repealing Obamacare so I guess you can buy us off because we're just just dumb country bumpkins
Don't let those men pressure you to give up your integrity.Your constituents deserve more as does this country! Women Power! Don't hurt us!
So just screw the rest of the country, u know in your  that this bill is garbage do something diff vote no for everyone
Congratulations, Trump & McConnell bought you for 42 millions, but millions of WV will die w/o health insurance.
Millions of WVians? There isn't even 2 million in the state.
Can we start calling you Tootie?
Was this the trade off for your vote on healthcare? Please go back to protecting WEAT VIRGINIA!
Did they buy your healthcare vote
It would be better spent on relocating people to higher ground and next gen sustainable and efficient communities than on areas doomed by CC
You're not fooling anyone. You sold out WV citizens last night. Don't pretend you care. We now see through you. You're a coward and phony.
Why was your name one of the 7 Senators who voted against Repeal of ACA?
Does anyone else find it somewhat egocentric that she said "Because of MY efforts "?
Just learned that b/c of your efforts 22 million may lose healthcare. #CBOSCORE
Was that your bribe for voting for people to die 
Sleep well
If constituents survive w/no health care, they'll be delighted re flood relief. Counting on you to be a voice of reason. Vote NO on repeal.
BECAUSE YOU SOLD YOUR VOTES
Is that in exchange for a corrupt YES vote??

Will the state also receive the news that thousands will lose health insurance, too?
Time to start talking about the elephant in the room. Hears a hint it's not your party's logo.
I hope you are not saying you sold out healthcare out for $42M for flood relief?
A certain % of America has been lead & fooled with propaganda to hate all things with Obama's name. Pres. Obama mocked for CARING! ACA HELP
Flood Relief & Now Pls Give Them A Fixed ACA, Don't Need To Incur Cost of Recreating The "Wheel" While Hurting Citizens For Politcal Gain.
Great news for the flood victims but what about health care?
Not because of your efforts, because of your vote. Bought! Just like Daddy!
Great,who us paying for it? 
20 trillion in debt how about we pay our bills first !
you are the best
Obamacare sucks, let's get rid of it
How much are you planning to cut Medicaid?
You effforts will also cause me to lose health coverage.
Breaking news: You're a lying snake that just put a vast percentage at risk of losing health insurance. Way to go.
Way to pat your own back weirdo. All that money but what exactly is relieved?
Time to close West Virginia
In return for what?
And because of your vote WV will pay unbearable insurance premiums!!
Vote no on GOP health scam, flood relief is good but life is more important
Is that how they bought your healthcare vote?
WV is going to need every penny for health care relief.
but are you voting to take medical care access from hundreds of thousands of West Virginians?
Good news but does not forgive disastrous Trump wealthcare vote.
obamacare is not "health care"... Medicaid in WV is a destination not a hand up! CUT IT!!!!!! JOBS FIX IT ALL!!!
@Sen_JoeManchin same claim
Good for us! Now REPEAL obamacare!!!! You're becoming as big a joke as Collins!!!!
REPEAL STOP WHORING FOR MEDICAD
So.. THAT'S  what he bribed you with 4 your yes vote!!!.. what was the blackmail part if you voted no??!! #crookedtrump
@usaforyoubruv Another 42 million? What did you receive in fed aid for Medicaid? No caps on that!
...would be interesting to know!!
Thanks Ms Capito. Where is it going t go?  We never know. I lost my father and everything I owned in Rainelle. Denver Barker Jr.
...healthcare for millions of Americans? Not important. This will NOT save your political career. Make the most while you have it.
Nice way to pat yourself on the back there Senator ....so, why the hell didn't you vote Yes for the total repeal and be honest about it.
Braggin' are we? Trying to make yourself relevant?
What about your efforts to REPEAL ACA so many needy WVians will no longer have affordable healthcare?  R U PROUD of yourself for that too?
Good Job. Now repeal AHC-Obama care and save many more millions!!  Ignore the Liberal Trolls on here.  It will not kill Medicare/aid
That's great. Will you step up and protect your people from #MassMurderMitch and @realDonaldTrump's effort to strip them of #healthcare?
By comparison,  ACA pumps $500M every year into WV's economy.  Then, of course, there are the tens of thousands who would lose coverage.
Your efforts, did it all alone did you?
Great! But that doesn't compensate for the damage you would do to #WestVirginia if you allow @GOP to take WVians healthcare away.
Your EFFORTS?  
B/c of ur OBSTRUCTION & LIES to West Virginians on HC u search 4 accolades? 
Thank u is not n order.  SMH.
@Kimberl05453181
Sorry, that won't make up for your terrible Vote in the Senate!
Hope you can do something beneficial for taxpayers in WV.   Go @realDonaldTrump ! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain !
You sold WV down the river.. HEALTHCARE... This is drop in the bucket. Your constituents know it. #Capitofailure
That does not matter if we have no healthcareVote NO!!! #skinnyrepeal
From selling us out by not voting to #RepealACA  ?
That won't come close to the healthcare WV'ians stand to lose because you caved to the establishment.
Is that what your vote cost?
In trade for how many that will die thanks to WV's opioid epidemic?  #HealthcareBill
And because of your efforts, many working Americans will continue to incur huge health insurance premiums with huge deductibles!
Please say you didn't sell your insurance vote. Noticed you voted to repeal. More WV will now not afford premiums. NOT good politics! #SHAME
Is that payment for your vote to take healthcare away from WV citizens
Let's hope that was NOT a bribe to get your vote on healthcare. VOTE NO on any GOP "healthcare" legislation. Focus on a bipartisan solution.
How many million will we lose, and how much unnecessary human suffering will we have, due to your efforts to gut Obamacare?
Wow you destroyed healthcare.
Give us the same efforts to protect our care and #VoteNO on this 'skinny' repeal
Started to sound like trump...toot toot that horn!
Payoff?
Yet people still have crappy #ObamaCare!
Strings attached? Only time will tell.
Thanks for finally doing something worthwhile !!!!!
You my friend are O-U-T. How dare you vote against us. WV voted overwhelmingly for #POTUSTrump and his agenda to repeal Obamacare.  #shame
You are opening the door to massive Medicaid cuts. Cornyn says so. You've been warned. You should stand with WV.
John Cornyn says Senate passing "skinny" repeal would NOT block far-reaching changes in conference cmte because House bill's scope is broad.
Man, if only we could keep our health care too.
Sounds good- Vote NO.  @lisamurkowski IS DESPITE being thrown  and being #bullied and #threatened by her Male colleagues.  #StandStrong
Translation 42 million more working TAXPAYER dollars to help nonworking no taxpayers yep I'm impressed as a working TAXPAYER @ won't forget
VOTE NO ON HEALTH CARE. #SaveACA
Vote no on evil "health bill"
Noooo. Because of the efforts of the US tax payers you've redistributed another $42,000,000!
You are welcome.
What is "sick" is the 20 Trillion in debt we are leaving for the young because of uncontrolled friggin' spending along with the unAHCA! DTS
Accepting bribes is a felony, missy. Your dad should have taught you that.
President really needs your vote to Repeal Obamacare
So now maybe you can focus on ensuring that your constituents (not to mention the rest of the country) don't lose their healthcare??
Well, that's good news. Now approach healthcare with the idea of protecting access and making it affordable.
Nice for WV!  How about Healthcare for the rest of the country? No excuses Sen, we're watching you. "Repeal & Replace". Do your duty. MAGA!

What about Healthcare? Repeal!! Americans are suffering. Do you care?
You really work for all of WV
God bless you
Make sure you don't vote to repeal ACA
But lose lives if you allow REPUBS repeal and Rob plan
Just learned you damned thousands to their deaths
What a comfort to the WV citizens who happen to survive the loss of healthcare & then make it through a flood.
I hope that wasn't the price for a "yes" vote...
Vote NO on HEALTHCARE. That's how you save US
Please apply that effort to making sure those of us on the ACA exchanges continue to have choices, affordable premiums, and good coverage.
Birds don't care about flood relief. If you repeal our health care policy you won't have many constituents left.
Don't sell out your constituents and the American people . The health of AMERICA and West Virginia is depending on you. Do the right thing .
Vote no on "Skinny Repeal".  It will lead to closed door conference (without you). Whatever they come up with will be "take it or leave it"
But will lose healthcare
Or trump gave that to you as hush money
NEWS: Still doesn't make up for caving and abandoning WV constituents in their time of need in regard to healthcare.
But you'll die frm no healthcare #ACARepeal
I guess they just bought your healthcare vote.  Do the right thing vote NO NO NO NO NO
Also because of your efforts millions are at risk of losing healthcare coverage.
Hopefully your other efforts will protect healthcare for WVins who need it the most
REPEAL OR STEP DOWN!
Your still losing votes you told w va in 2015 you would repeal I hope you get onboard and don't let this country down I  W VA
I hope this isn't a payoff for voting to take people's healthcare away. Let the press know if they are bullying you. Stand up to them!
lol congrats!!! way to do ur job
Is this a payment for your vote on Healthcare repeal? WV can't rebuild what you are willing to destroy. 50th is not acceptable, Senator. NO!
You are so repulsive.
In other words, in exchange for your #TrumpCare vote...
NEWS: Just learned that if you vote for the skinny repeal it would strip coverage & jack up premiums for WV voters

Thank you! And have a staffer check all the ACA whiners are non-WV citizens. As a West Virginian, thanks for all you do.
W. VIRGINIA - you have been through enough LIES - if Capito votes YES - she is giving you a band aid solution. #SavetheACA VOTE NO
Was that the bribe for voting FOR trumpcare after saying you weren't here to hurt people? You sold out cheap.
Seems like it
If #trumpcare passes in any form, this won't save your voters on #medicaid
in nursing homes
w/#PreexistingCondition 
over 50
working poor
We need to keep expanded medicaid and affordable insurance. Without subsidies, you know people will not afford insurance!
Get a life! Play that ukulele for some $
Do NOT stand with GOP on health care!!! Do NOT support Trump!
that would be a bad political move being that her constituents in WV in yesterdays Gallup poll approve of @realDonaldTrump over 60%. moron
Pay off money! How do you look in the mirror! Shame!
Because of you're action. I still have Obama care.  You lied & are a fraud. Family tradition is hard to break.
That better not be in exchange for a vote to Reapel - how many WV lives will you cost? #FixObamacare
does this make up for taking healthcare away from 22 million people? including the sick, elderly and disabled?
Could have really used that last summer. Did you get any money for the opioid epidemic?
You mean selling healthcare out? Way to go.
Wow! And just imagine how much you will save insurance companies if you vote to repeal the ACA!
Flood relief can't save people's lives. Good but not good enough. #SavetheACA
Republicans being Democrats.  Again.
Don't hurt your back patting it.
Thank you for that. Now please stand up for your constituents and don't allow their healthcare to be taken away.

Bought and paid for puppet apparently she is scared of Trump WOW
Good news, but also please don't take millions away because of #SkinnyRepeal. Vote NO. #SaveMeCapito #ProtectOurCare
because of your efforts how many West Virginians will lose affordable health care
60% of WV approve of @realDonaldTrump as of yesterday Gallup poll WV is #1 state that approves of Trump she repeal or she will be voted out.
You also took credit for a NSF grant to WVU that you had nothing to do with. Your word that this is because of you isn't good enough for me.
Why don't you put some of that effort towards voting no and protecting our care what good is this if we all die from that death bill
Suggestion: Follow it up keeping millions of WVers insured. No bill on deck do that. #ProtectOurCare #SaveMedicaid #JustSayin
Is losing your home in a flood worse than dying of cancer because @SenCapito voted to take away health care?
great now if u can just convince the rest of the admin that climate change is real, u might be able to circumvent the effects of flooding.
Yet, take away our healthcare.
And the flood of uninsured children, the elderly and the disabled?  They will drown in this sea of your cowardice to stand up and fight.
Don't hurt yourself patting your own back. Those folks in Clendenin and thousands upon thousands of others need you to say NO to GOP HC.
Good, now vote to completely and simply repeal Obamacare.
but will your constituents pay 20% more for insurance?  Listen to the people.
REPEAL OBAMACARE, YOU LYING FRAUD!
I've noticed that you GOP "moderates" start Tweeting about chump change when you're about to screw over your constituents.
Thank you for your efforts on behalf of flood victims. Please #SaveTheACA!
How about making sure that healthcare is not cut? Worth a whole lot more than $42M...
Agreed, VOTE NO
But are you going to vote to take away WV's healthcare?
please fix WSS so my damn house there will sell for the purchase price. am $30k underwtr facing foreclosure big loss.
