You're Republican... we're supposed to "trust you"??
..or believe you??
Americans need health insurance. Help fix #ACA don't vote to repeal it.  We are all in this together.
Thank you!
Thank you for your opposition to the Senate bill. Please protect your  constituents and all Americans by maintaining your opposition.
Incredibly brave and noble of you to come out against AFTER the bill was pulled.
Stand your ground, Senator, and protect our healthcare.
Besides opiod cuts Trumpcare penalizes the aged. 65% of nursing home res rely on M'caid. See AARP. Visit nursing homes with POTUS pls.
Thank you. If protections for pre-existing conditions & lifetime caps are gone, people like me will be devastated.Rare blood cancer=$$$$meds
Thank you!!!
thank you for not supporting this disastrous health bill.
Thank you for not supporting it. To bad it was ever passed to begin with.
The Bill is simply Obamacare Lite. Your WV constituents voted for change and that's what we expect, massive change starting w/ total repeal.
Thank you for putting your constituents ahead of your party.
It is still not right.  Do not repeal.  RePAIR.  Bipartisan is the only acceptable way.
Thank you thank you thank you
Thank you!! Agree!!
Thank you. Please vote no.
C if #SenCapito cares abt Americans & their lives/safety Pls Vote 4 #KatieLaw & No Sanctuary Cities 4 Criminals Act
Tomorrow the House votes on #KatesLaw & No Sanctuary For Criminals Act. Lawmakers must vote to put American safety first! #SaveAmericanLives 
Thank you, @SenCapito. Thank you for standing up for West Virginia. 
Get your act together GOP and replace O care You should stand with our Pres who stands with the people Now or never
Thank you for not supporting the bill.  Fix the current health care law.
Thank you!
Good for you young lady. .voting people instead of party.  It does need a fix, but this is not the right one to push through.  Proud of you.
Vote yes on the healthcare  bill...we have to start here because Ocare is an absolute horror...Opioid issues are no reason to betray
Good job today you are my hero. Thanks for your courage on behalf of all Americans #aca
@SenCapito THANK YOU. This may be the first night I sleep ... your voice is welcomed. HC is a right not a privilege for the rich.
It's not just folks who'll suffer from Medicaid cuts. Don't forget about families with preexisting conditions- GOP bill punishes them, too.
Thank you! West Virginia will suffer more than anyone. $2billion wont stop the #opioidcrisis or take care of the kids born into it.
Why did you wait until after the bill was already dead before announcing this?
YES!!!! Thank you, @SenCapito , and THANK YOU to the advocates who worked so hard to express their needs to you. This is the right decision
@Sen_JoeManchin Why are our senators not both on the senate floor Demanding a bipartisan HC bill? Wouldn't it be cool to get 30R +30D Vote?
Can't WV be a leader for a change? Don't the people deserve that?
YASSSS Shelly! It won't be in a week either. Please continue to not support it, no matter what they try and sell you on.
Thank you for responding to the people of WV! Hold strong even after the break!
Thank you!
Senator, these seems like negotiating tweets on #BCRA. At its core, it's a massive redistribution of wealth via tax breaks that costs lives
I really do not care if you ever replace obamacare but if it is not repealed this term I'll never vote for you again
Thank you thank you thank you
Senator, Thank you so much for saying that!:)
Brava!!! Thank you for your courage and conviction. You're saving lives.
Thank you Senator Moore Capito
That's what you say right now, after the vote was postponed.  Let's hope you keep that thought after the break. We will be watching you!!!
we love you shelley
we love you Shelley
Leglislation will not fix the high cost of medical insurance until the out of control medical and drug costs are reigned in.
thank you for opposing more of the bad big government legislation that only slow innovation and raise costs! 
The people in WV want to keep their $ in there pocket. Stop taking it from us. Win with Trump.
Obamacare is destroying the working class
Thank you. I don't disagree that the #ACA has problems which need fixed. I think you'll find #SinglePayer will lower costs and help WV

We see what you are doing! This draft is not the problem! Trumpcare will kill Americans! Hands off our Health Care! VOTE NO TRUMPCARE!!!!
Better late than never to see the light. Fix #ACA please.
Please don't take our healthcare away. Americans feel absolutely assaulted by the @SenateGOP and @HouseGOP with this #trumpcare death bill.
Thank you for choosing your constituents' well being over partisan politics & an unnecessary tax cut for the most wealthy in America.
THANK YOU @SenCapito
Hey @CarolineKennedy here's a Profile in Courage nominee: stands up for the people of her state only after party leader says it's ok. WOW!
Thank you
This is smart you vote to cut Medicaid in our state WV you will be  out!
TY! don't play politics, lives &  lives of our children & grand children. 2 many for 2long no health insurance, FIX the ACA.
Thank you for delaying the bill.. It is too Mean for people with disabilities..
Next time why don't you announce you don't support a bill when it really matters, not after it's already been pulled.
No recesses until it gets done.
Thank you! ACA is not perfect, but AHCA is much worse. Fix the ACA to provide more access and more affordability.
High time you said so. They'll toss you some free Narcan and then you can claim victory.
Wow are you going to stick with that? #mitchcarekills
Thank you, Senator Capito.
I hope when comes back up you don't change your mind. Why not go bipartisanship and tweek the ACA.. instead
Vote NO for this deathbill!!!!
Thank you Shelly
Thank you. Please stay strong through the delay as well and keep the spirit of the mountaineers alive and well.
Thank you Senator!
Thank you!
Good call @SenCapito !!!
@B_Scotti_ then add to it and fix it
Thank you for thinking if your constituents first!
Please read Prof in Courage.  Called your office this pm & they didn't know how you'd vote. Really? No debate-no disclosure= No Vote on ACHA
Note that the reason the vote was delayed was because enough Senators wouldn't commit, including @SenCapito. She did the right thing.
Thank you for putting the people of WV first!
Thank you.
As a WV native whose parents still live in state, thank you.
I have to support her here. She's staunch party advocate but broke w GOP-credit is due. Keep opposing bill! It will be back!
Thank you Senator.
Senator Capito, sitting in my office, breathing a long overdue and deep sigh of relief as tears that have been bottled up find an escape. TY
Don't vote for it when it comes back either. The people you chose to serve are watching.
You did the right thing. Thank you. Please continue.
Thank you for standing up for WV
Thank you for listening to your constituents. This bill hurts those most in need.
"There's nothing lower than stealing from the poor " JD Vance's Mammaw
No stealing from the needy, Especially from your constituents who nominated you to represent! Stand Strong listen to those voters
Took you long enough to care, but everyone appreciates you coming out after McConnell pushed back the date. #Leadership
Susan Collins has cojones. You do not.
thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you
Thank you for standing up for the American people!
Don't care about the timing, just so relieved that you stated your intent publicly.  Thank you for putting your constituents first.
Please stand strong -- the bill will devastate families in West Virginia and across the country!
Don't sell out over break
note to all the *key word* is DRAFT meaning she could later vote for it so keep the pressure up
Thank you @SenCapito for doing what's right for WV!
Thank you @SenCapito! Fix, don't repeal!
Yes!!!!!!!!
We voted for Trump and we demand you vote to repeal ObamaCare. It is disgraceful that you are not supporting what WV's wants! Vote Yes!!!!!!
Thank-you @SenCapito for your thoughtful consideration and wise conclusion. We are from NY, my daughter lived in WV for 5 years and love it!
Thank you for deciding to oppose this immoral bill.
Please please Senator Capito. Do not capitulate. Do not give in. This bill is wrong for WV and wrong for the USA. STAY STRONG!!!!!
Thanks, do not giive in. We in WV need health thats works. The rich do not need tax cites
@SenCapito.  I agree and thank you.  That written, it is not a Profile in Courage to stand against AFTER the bill was already delayed.
Thank you for looking after your constituents!  Hope everyone can work together to make HealthCare better for all now
I voted for you but not again, Do your job and be a republican!!! A vote against Healthcare bill makes you part of the swamp!!!
Thank you for standing up for all Americans.
Thank you Senator! You give WVians hope that we still have someone left on the hill with  @ACLU_WV
Thank you for standing up for your people Ma'am.
Thank you for standing up for all of us. Please lead Bipartisan efforts to fix our health care.
...very impressive to take this position...the bill needs work
Thank you.
Thank you, Senator Capito!
good now hold you ground no matter how much money they offer you to kill people
Thank you @SenCapito
Appreciate your decision, but why even consider it? 1/3 of WV receives Medicaid. Has a huge opiate prob & miners have lost protections.
You would have voted for it and sold out ur constituents if Mitch put it up for a vote. You shud be ashamed 4 waiting to voice opposition.
Thank you !
Thank you so much !
Stay strong
Glad to hear it, but concerned that you refer only to the "draft" bill. How is the GOP trying to persuade you to vote party line?
Thank you Our Senator.. Mingo County
Thank you for supporting West Virginians. The health care bill does not affect me, but I have many friends that would be hurt.
She'll cave. Republicans always do
I would liked to have commended your courage two days ago, Senator Capito.
Good for you! Thank you!
Thank you, Senator Capito!!
Thank you @SenCapito! Please continue to fight for WV families to ensure they have quality affordable healthcare. Medicaid cuts hurt kids.
Thank you
.....Only after Mitch put it on the back burner today.   Congrats on the courage now....sigh #TrumpCare #ShelleyCare

Thank you
Thank you, @SenCapito, for listening to us. Please work to improve tha ACA, not repeal it! We voters are depending on you!
I agree!Why can't you ask your Dem colleagues to help work out something everyone can live with. LITERALLY.Dems I've heard talk are willing.
About damn time.  Here's an epic thought:  take the ACHA as introduced by Obama and remove the 300+ amendments to it and start from there.
When you get to the original bill introduced by Obama you will find what the American people have said they want since the reworked version
Became law.  Invite folks from the medical community, invite middle income earners like me who do not benefit from the discounts, and bring
Democrats to the table.  Our  government works better when everyone is represented at the table.  The folks in Congress have no idea what
Your constituents are dealing with.  We pay for Congress to have the best insurance at no cost to you.  We pay you a living stipend and
Your salary exceeds that of most Mountaineers.  And you all take money from lobbyists.  The majority of your constituents do not make a
livable wage and frequently are forced to choose between paying the electric bill or buying groceries.  Stop giving yourselves pay raises.
Stop increasing the living stipend provided by tax dollars.  Cut out the living stipend altogether and eliminate Congress' special health
I am glad to hear that you are listening to the people of Wv
Thank you for standing up for constituents
Wish you could have found the courage to reject the bill before the delay. A Bipartisan fix is out there, we have to work together.
Yes it is! The Dems are ready. But any chance you both could leave the crazies at home?
I hope all those in WV remember what you are saying now, because when this bill comes back up, you shouldn't vote for it then, either!
Thank you from CA formerly of WV. Your constituents deserve affordable healthcare and a safety net via Medicaid. Hope they hold you to it.
Thank you.
STAY TRUE TO YOUR STATEMENT  FROM NOW ON. NO MATTER HOW OFTEN HEALTHCARE BILL CHANGES.
THANK YOU!  Country over party.
I'm not a Republican but I support your decision and I'm glad that you looked out for your fellow West Virginians thank you
Thank you for listening to your Constituents! We need the ACA here in WV. Work TOGETHER W/DEMS to MAKE IT BETTER. Don't rip it away.
What a bold statement: this is like forfeiting in the 7th when your 5 runs down. I didn't lose I quit. #stillacoward
I'm really glad that mom got the chance to speak with you last week. I hope you took it to heart. Thanks for listening.
Thank you for taking a stand for your constituents health Senator.
Thank you for thinking people over party.
Thank you for siding with those who rely on the provisions of the ACA.
Thank you!
Capito always leads the way when it comes to waiting for the party to decide for her.
It takes real guts to oppose your party and stand up against Trump....oh wait....this was after the delay was announced?  Coward!
Joint release w/Portman too.
At least you got this one right, sure missed on the secretary of education but that's another issue.
Thank you for listening to your constituents.  Curb the profits for the payers, promote preventative health through a better choices cmpgn
Thank you for standing by your principles and your constituents!
@DavidChalian such courage saying this after it's been delayed.
Right so bold 
