You were sent to DC to repeal Obamacare. You should do what we the voters sent you to do. Healthcare was fine pre 08 CLEAN REPEAL IS MUST
No it wasn't. We paid more for much less coverage and risked being denied coverage for needed services related to many health conditions.
Are u high. My premium doubled and I never met my deductible.
Do U have anything 2 offer 2 this conversion other than its Obamacare therefore I hate it? Do yourself a favor and #Fight4Medicare4All
We do not want government run healthcare or a single payer. Get that through your liberal heads.
I can also presume UR amongst the fortunate that has banked several years of wages just in case U do face a medical emergency & cannot work?
You can go through local clinics based on your income for doctor visits and medication. There are coops and providers.
I haven't a clue where U live but many rural areas dont have access 2 local clinics and will only get worse if Medicaid & Medicare gets cut
Thank U 4 choosing life over politics. Must work 2 get the insane GREED out of our Healthcare systems via #Medicare4All to bring cost down.
Right now, you are being a TRAITOR  to WE THE PEOPLE. REPEAL OBAMACARE.
by that you mean the working must work harder to pay to preserve the unearned benefits of the non-working.
Who cares what @POTUS thinks? You have a duty to follow COTUS & demand a #FullRepeal of this monstrosity @SenCapito 
#WomenWithNoPrinciples
COTUS?  (Citizens of the US??)  Guess what -- they LIKE the ACA.  Only 17% want it repealed/replaced.  Read a newspaper.
COTUS = Constitution @DrMDunk @POTUS @SenCapito
The SCOTUS ruled that the ACA met the COTUS standard.
That the majority of the SCOTUS misread the COTUS doesn't relieve Capito of her duty @DrMDunk @POTUS @SenCapito
Oh, I see.  *You* understand the Constitution better than Constitutional Law Scholars on the Supreme Court.  Right.
Don't have to be a constitutional scholar to understand that the mandate is an unwarranted seizure. Do have to... @DrMDunk @POTUS @SenCapito
...be an idiot, or have an agenda, to say that it doesn't @DrMDunk @POTUS @SenCapito
And the needs of WV are move than funding for the drug crisis. We need healthcare and coverage. Don't cave.
Trump doesn't give a *** about WV. He doesn't understand truth.....he's either possessed or a pathological liar.  He's not presidential.
So you're saying you're going to cave to party pressure and vote yes. you will go down with the sinking Trump ship.
Just back Trump Senator or quit. Or in 18 we will fire you! Count on it!
Keep up your support of the most vulnerable.
Please save us @SenCapito I will die without the ACA. So won't millions of children & adults.  Please vote NO until a good plan is crafted.

Had it with the entitled! We're broke!#FreeTheMarket!#NoTrumpOrOcare!#UnitedForFreedom!
Election is coming, election is coming I'm  as excited as if it were Christmas.
It appears this politician has forgotten very quickly why she was elected
.....but @SenCapito won't vote to approve a replacement plan....Catch 22....yeah, we hear you loud & clear, Capito; now you'll hear from us.
You voted for Repeal 2 years ago. 
Repeal and give us back our Liberty.
West Virginians need a replacement plan for you.

Well it's true!
Please stay firm in your work for a viable replacement! All Americans are depending on your leadership and strength! 
He's actually publicly stated that repeal without immediate replacement is his preferred policy. Stop lying to your constituents.
Trump just said repeal & replace at his lunch, contradicting himself from yesterday. He'll change is feeble mind again bf the day is done.
Tweeting "trump just said" is dangerous because he'll say the opposite soon after
Like 7 years crying about ACA then doing nothing when someone will sign the bill?Do your jobs or we are all screwed with dem wins next elect
What do you think the odds are that Dems take control of house in 2018?
Not sure R's and D's better get their shit together. Bet your Ass Russia China NKorea and Iran has theirs together! Then D or R wont matter!
Why R U implying ANY repeal is even needed? ACA cut avg. annual premium rise in HALF.  Insured 22M new folks. Works well. GOP sabotaging it.
Nope not true.
A truly thoughtful and well-reasoned rebuttal.
Lol ya rt
And they havent given you one and they wont
Trump backed our miners now back our president or flip burgers after next election! Shameful rinos!
@SenCapito Please keep your NO vote.  We the people, the poor, elderly WILL DIE slow painful deaths.  40% of Medicaid recipients are kids:(
I have utmost respect for you @SenCapito - I plead with you.  Don't kill 22 million Americans (children, elderly, poor)  fix THE ACA-HELP
#fullrepeal
Yes, this trainwreck of a @POTUS definitely has your back. Use the data below. Don't let your legacy be a tragic #Trumpcare attack on WV.
It appears Potus is arriving in Wv before next week vote is a message to Capito. Get with the program vote for repeal
No repeal of ACA w/o a replacement plan that addresses the needs of all Americans. Don't be bought, bullied or conned.
No, No, No, No, NO!!! Do NOT let these white male Republicans BULLY you into voting for the motion to proceed! This IS DANGEROUS WATER!!!
Please put this to bed, Wealthcare R&R is a dog that just won't hunt. Time to grow up & work across party lines to fix the ACA. #moveon
Yes it does. For profit insurance companies aren't interested in helping the needy, the old and the sick. Lifetime caps and refusal to cover
We can to move on without replacing stop being on the socialist side listen to your WV people we want it gone start over add when you think
WV benefited from Obamacare. Almost 200k people got insurance. I'm sure they would love to not have coverage again.
No WV did not benefit from Obamacare. Don't know where you got the numbers. That's why WV wants it replaced ASAP
You got bought at the price of this little girl's life.
Your newsletter sounds like you are ready to cave and sell West Virginians down the river! Trump had bought you out?
Please lobby for a bipartisan effort to fix ACA. To vote for a bettercare plan, which is neither better nor care, or repeal spells disaster
Repeal now!!!! Or 2020 you will be gone!
Any healthcare bill that cuts and guts WV Medicaid does not address our needs. Please put people before party politics. #bipartisanship
Repeal. Repeal. Repeal.
Get rid of Obama Care. Prove that you speak for the middle class and not just the poor and rich.
Looks like Moore Capito is now part of the political class. Do what you were hired to do.
Can you please explain why you won't vote now the same as you did in 2015?
Flashback: @senrobportman , @SenCapito, and @lisamurkowski all voted to repeal Obamacare before. What happened? 
Thank you for saving the healthcare and lives of the American people.
Shelley, you made the right decision! Thank you for choosing the West Virginians over party politics! I won't forget this come election time
Thank you for being strong, and I'm sorry for all the hateful BS you're putting up with just for having empathy and serving the people. <3
you voted repeal 2 years ago and now you betray the people who elected you. YOU ARE DONE
Do your job! You campaigned on repeal. Dont be a RINO and a liar! Don't commit political suicide! Redeem your integrity! Repeal NOW!
Thank you for standing up for common sense. Repeal alone is irresponsible. We need a bipartisan solution.
Does he really? Doesn't sound that way. He's quoted saying wants it to "fail".
CBO score on BRCA 2.0-22M lose coverage, premiums rise 22%; Medicaid cut 772B; Tax breaks for wealthy corps. 541B. disastrous for WV.
If that's truly the case a good start would be by working with BOTH parties to come up with a workable COMPROMISE. Politics is hard
Now help get this done!
That's funny, two years ago, you cast a show vote to repeal Obamacare. You have no credibility on this matter.
Government does not belong in the Insurance business!
You lie. Potus prefers a replacement but will gladly sign a repeal with or without it! Unlike you he cares about the working people.
Dick Morris Calls You Out as a Coward & Republican Party Disgrace- He EXPLAINS DIFF B/W "Repeal" and "Letting it Die" - #Wake Up #dickmorris
Stay strong! The Tea Party is coming after you!
The Dems force fed us this garbage.  Come to Fairmont WV, and look at the care! Ma as well be on welfare. Why aren't you on it
But remember one thing, we West Virginians expect you to vote to repeal Obamacare and to vote for healthcare choice for anyone who wants it.
Repeal, repeal and replace with nothing. This is a State issue.
Please continue to fight for all Americans for sane healthcare. Don't cave to the pressure of those who just want a WIN at any cost.
BULLSHIT!
Support the President, why are you there.
#FullRepeal #NoReplacement #FreeMarket  #UnitedForFreedom
Please continue to stand w/
rural ppl/hospitals
Medicaid patients
those w/ pre-existing conditions &
those over 50!!
I’m glad @POTUS agrees that we cannot move to repeal Obamacare without a replacement plan that addresses the needs of West Virginians.
Stay strong and don't take bribes from @POTUS. It will backfire on you and all of WV. The $ they offer do not repair the damage done #voteno
Thank you for caring about the poor in W.V. rather than the Republican party. I have always been a Republican.
Thank you for taking a little extra time to try and figure out a better way forward on #healthcare without taking a step backwards.
You better do something, or you will be one voted out next election.
Our elderly need healthcare. The greatest generation is being treated like crap on the bottom of our shoes. Save their coverage.
Why take healthcare away from wvians who need it? My daughter depends on it. It's not her fault she has a disability. Our children matter.
Please don't allow states to opt out of mental health, maternal care, or reproductive care!! These are essential for a robust workforce!
it be great if you reached across the aisle and worked with your Dem colleagues to build a plan that helps all Americans.
So you are with the Dems that healthcare is now a right? The Dems won on this regardless what happens.
@wvdemocrats If she votes to repeal Medicaid for West Virginians, Democrats have this seat. Candidate selection is critical
Stop being so vague...what exactly do you want for W. Virginians. You arent even willing to put that out on the table with the GOP
GOP Senators:Taxpayers repeal your salary/benefits/perks for 2 yrs & then we will let u know what u will get. How wd u vote on that deal?
#GOP promised 2 #RepealObamacare.Now do it!
Then why are u voting repeal only next week?
Bottom line is REPEAL. More than 2/3 WVs voted so on 11/8. expects nothing less than REPEAL. This isn't D time 2 go wobbly. GOP must unite
How did you interpret that from his remarks?
Actually he did not say that...
State govt & fed govt can't have dual jurisdiction over anything. Learn our constitution! #FullRepeal as promised every root & branch
What don't you understand about our constitution-fed has zero jurisdiction over Citizens HC! Learn our constitution!
Isn't it sad that you have2 be glad of that? It tells you you don't have a POTUS that cares about the ppl that elected you. Fight him4 them!
Much respect sen capito, ty for saving us. YOU HAVE NO IDEA.... ty
Very Brave of you to stand against Trump. I applaud your strength, Trump will view your strength as disloyalty.
I don't care what you feel. You didn't do your job. People who vote will remember that.
Shelly please consider before voting  something that will effect millions
I thought he wants to just let it fail now?
Please hold firm on the repeal vote. Americans are counting on you. Repeal without a good replacement will be catastrophic for our country.
REPEAL IT LIKE YOU SAID YOU WOULD
You just need to repeal Obama care government has no place in healthcare or insurance
Would you and the rest of your party do your job. Repeal Obamacare. You've had enough time to figure it out
Stay strong!   Fix the ACA!!!
You lost my vote.
This will be the death knell for your reelection if you don't stick to your promise to repeal it. Remember 2015 when you voted for repeal?
Senator you know full well it takes one to get the other started. You just sealed your political fate. Not smart
Please hold the line and stop the harmful cuts of #Medicaid for the #Disabled.  Everyone knows this is wrong except the President it seems
Please continue to work for us, the people, not these crazy politics; thank you for supporting and listening.
Thank u though for not throwing your constituents under the trump bus! I am sure the elderly, the disabled, the children, veterans love it
Darling u must live in a delusional world if u think that man gives a rats behind about a replacement plan lol
You voted for repeal 15 months ago for Obama. Do the same for Trump. Put repeal on his desk and he will sign.
Totally unacceptable & irresponsible to vote NO on Repeal, because now we R stuck with Obamacare!
Vote like you did in 2015!  Get this done.  You've been obstructing.
And I'm proud that you stand up for what is best for West Virginians NOT what is best for the party. You are a strong, courageous woman.
So you'll support it if he gives West VA something-to hell with people in other states?
Thank you for opposing repeal. Your vote effects all of us across the country. Repeal would harm a lot of us. Please fight for all of us.
Not what you told me when I voted for you.  Repeal it and take the 2 years to do your job & come up with something better! So disappointed
Repeal now! Run as a Lib next time around. Medicaid is unsustainable, when the convo starts with expanding it more, you automatically lose
Stick to your guns, lady ma'am!!! #Neverthelessshepersisted
RINO you have betrayed our party .drop http://out.you  like Obamacare go join the democrats ,we damn shore don't want you. In W.V
You run on Trumps successful push for coal putting miners back on the map .... now you turn your back and support Socialism?
Thank you for standing up against the healthcare Repeal & making sure it didn't take place! It would leave 32 million uninsured.
Thank you for being sensible and reasonable on this. I know you're getting a ton of strong arm pressure. Save ACA 
Not sure you heard correctly.
liar, liar , pants on fire......you do know everything is on tape right. can't fix stupid or Politian's fire her.
the people in coal country have given enough we don't need to give our health care too! Don't let Trump bully You!
Was your vote in 2015 just a political stunt? SHAME!
“It is time to begin healing the wounds of Obamacare and pursuing a health care system that works.” -Senator Capito 2015, what changed?
You're a RINO and you need to be primaried.  We're coming for you in 2020.
Are you about to sell out your constituents b/c Trump & McConnell told you to?
Please don't be so quick to agree with the reptile.
Stand your ground Senator on the repeal. The decimation of Medicaid will never be saving lives. POTUS need to encourage bipartisan work!!
You stood for WV. Your father would be proud!
Yet you voted repeal when you knew it wouldn't count Sad states took the bait hooked people on Medicaid as Ds planned Takes corage to fix
But you were OK with it before and voted for the repeal with no plan, so WHO GOT TO YOU?
Stay with it Senator! ORRA is even worse than the BRCA. Now is the time to show the Country your leadership.
Oh thank God Senator! I applaud you for being a human being who has a heart and soul
@SenCapito Thank you for standing up for Americans, real people, who need affordable, timely healthcare that works. #MoreSenateWomen
How about everyone in Washington leadership has to be on the same healthcare that you pass for us?
Thank you for standing up and not letting the repeal of ACA (Obamacare) happen.
Please stand strong and do not cave.  32 mil uninsured IS hurting people from Washington-which you said you don't want to do. Vote NO.
Repeal and replace as you campaigned for.
This is true, but the #BCRA is not that bill.  Any repeal replace needs to be a full bill going thru the full process with hearings.
Americans all across this nation are counting on you to hold firm on a bipartisan, properly negotiated replacement/repair for the ACA.
Really... like you Really care about West Virginians ?! Prove it by supporting @realDonaldTrump and American citizens
Pull up your big girl panties and vote to repeal.
'Cause that is all we care about. West Virginia. 
I'm glad that you've finally been exposed as the fraud you are.
Go home on recess you in Senate are wasting taxpayers money. Freeloaders do not deserve free healthcare...unless u are a socialist.
He said literally the opposite yesterday. He said let it fail, repeal now & replace later, all this week. These things can be seen.
#trumpcarekills #ryancarekills
But you voted to repeal in 2015. Are you that dishonest? Is it because Trump will sign the repeal ?
That this was coming was no surprise. There was 7.5 years. No reason and no excuses are good enough!?!
1st Republican will prooudly stand behind.
#RepealObamacare U voted to repeatedly. U campaigned in W.Virginia, u campaigned in'16 to. #KeepThePromise.Don't lie to your voters.
Trump does not agree! You need to do what we hired you to do liar!!
Get rid of it!  It's killing those that will be voting for or against you!
DONT GIVE IN. DONT GIVE UP. PREZ /VP DO NOT CARE ABOUT YOUR CONSTITUENTS. NUF SAID.
Why does the federal government need to be involved with private insurance? You people are Socialists...let the market work, lady.
Why are some applauding your "guts"? Guts are standing by your word and coming up with a solution! Repeal the disaster and fix it!
And yet you voted to repeal in 2015. You're either a hypocrite or a coward. Either way, you need to answer for that.
Your POTUS also agrees(with Vlad) that Vlad is a nice guy. Best buds,having a cozy little conversation for 2.
Please consider working with democrats. This partisan bickering has to stop & does not benefit the citizens of this country
Still don't want to hurt? Evil is evil. This bill is plain evil. This is about Trumps ego not the good of Americans. Please stay firm! No!
You can't rely on what he says.What's wrong w/ shoring up ObamaCare?Why repeal?That just makes no sense.Unless it can't be termed TrumpCare.
Well you all did promise BETTER health care. Hang  in there and get what's best for all Americans!
If you hang any hope on his position then you're in for a disappointment. He changes positions like most of us change socks!
We Americans don't need nor want another version of Obamacare or anything setup and controlled by Gov, Repeal and get the hell out of our HC
Thank you senator for having the guts to do what's best for the people. You're not picking "dems" over "reps", you're picking health & lives
Clearly the GOP stance on anything is: The last thing they just said.

Good thing your POTUS has no scruples.
The replacement is to join the modern world in single-payer...
A reasonable replacement? It would just go back to what we had before ACA. Was it that bad Senator?
Of course, but you are a liar, and a wolf I sheepskin. U are a RINO and obstructionist if you do not REPEAL NOW! The Dems will come to table
How stupid can you be Sue?If the bill is repealed Dems will have to come to the table- bill was based on a lie! REPEAL
You didn't feel this way in 15' "yes" vote to repeal. You RINO's had 7 years to get a plan. Truth is u don't want to repeal it. #replaceable
Healthcare is a right not something to have to beg for it. Many folks in the country depend on the ACA coverage to stay alive.#Savemecaptio
I'm glad you didn't go along with the #Repeal only mess... #WV
As a person who often criticizes your positions I have to say how happy I was to see you stand up and lead. Strong compassionate leadership!
Please don't vote yes to move forward. Lives are at stake. This bill will kill people.
You can make it better: Require health insurers to cover individuals everywhere they cover employees. Why let them off the hook?
Repeal, Repeal, Repeal, Repeal, Repeal, Repeal, Repeal, Repeal
