Why reinvent the wheel? Work with democrats to strengthen ACA. Our lives depend on you to do the right thing. Vote no on repeal of any kind.
You continue the pattern of corruption of your people.  what have you done for the coal miners?
Do Not Repeal Obamacare, OUR State will not exist. Fiscally, WE CANNOT stand the effects of Repeal and there is No Replace as you well know.
I'm not that old and I remember before Obamacare.  Our state was ok far better shape fiscally.  Don't drink the fear mongering juice!
You must have been a lucky one who didnt need medical care or wasnt denied coverage...
I must have been? The one who got crushed for the chest down and lost both my legs up to and including my hip? 8 months in a hospital?  No.
Either way clearly you got care. Not everyone is that fortunate. God forbid you get sick and have a pre existing condition.
I have absolutely 0 healthcare.  Ocare is a joke.  1200/month and 8k deductible. I am completely in insured. Plenty of doc bills to prove!
With your medical conditions you listed that means you have at least 2 mill in bills. So they went unpaid or medicaid covered them?
I pay what I can everymonth.  I have no other choice.  All my meds out of pocket.  I spent 10 days over the fourth in hospital. 38k more
Only your vote proves you shan't
forget repeal. single payer now plz.
Single payer?? Geez...Move to Venezuela or Cuba if u love socialized HC. Americans want free market solutions in the USA.
Please vote no! It will help hundreds of thousands of Americans! Please, Please, Please,
McCain-Portman-Murkowski-Capito-Heller-Collins-Alexander,7 Republicans who voted AGAINST repealing the lie of Obamacare!Voters won't forget.
Why not fix it. It does work for my family, much better than what we had before. Repair not replace.
I agree. My wife and I live in Phoenix valley. We had to trim income to qualify for a subsidy, or our '17 premiums would be $20K per year.
Hi I'm a health care reporter writing about people who have reduced their incomes to get subsidies. Would love to talk to you about this!
DM me or email me, rachelb@kff.org if you have a minute to tell me about your experience
You voted for an 8 page bill, 2 pages of which were devoted to denying healthcare to women. You're a traitor to the people
COWARDLY LIAR, GOT BULLIED BY TRUMP & MCCONNELL  & VOTED TO HURT WOMEN WHO USE PPH & 16MMs.
So where the hell was your vote when it was needed?
Then why didn't you vote to repeal it? Your commitment must not mean much.
Please explain why we can not build on the Affordable Care Act. The foundation is there.
I hope you are listening to actual WVians. Everyone pleading you to keep ACA is not from here
Far from true.
You caved.. plain and simple!
You had a chance and you blew it! It's been 7.5 years and you've done nothing. Now you voted to keep obamacare. Your voters will remember! 
Shame on you.  You have health insurance. You don't care about us.
thank you for voting against today's health bill. My son's life depends on access to care #ProtectOurCare @CF_Foundation
2020 is not far away. If you're heartened by the phony praise by these liberals, you'll be out in the cold at election time.
You disappointed us; those who voted for you!
You are a liar and aRINO. You voted no today to repeal Obamacare. I hope you are never re-elected to the senate again Traitor
Why? Give us your reasons for not making the Affordable Care Act better for us all? Is it all political? What about people?
Is there a reason why the Affordable Care Act could not be fixed? Why repeal and replace?
@POTUS must've really pushed your buttons; threaten 2 primary U? Sad U had 2 go 2 the dark side instead of supporting Collins/Murkowski
Not what the gop is giving us
Enjoy your .@SenateMajLdr bribe Capito and of course your  free healthcare paid for by the American people. #goptreason #ResistTrumpcare
Why not fix Obamacare and expand healthcare for all Americans. Not give tax breaks for Billionaires. It's the Christian thing to do. Fix ACA
Nothing changed but your vote. Still no clear plan. Still no replacement. You voted to kill millions of Americans.
Why not work to fix the current system? Women are natural collaborators and consensus builders. Abandon the hunt & kill mentality.
be brave! Protect the WVirginians who rely on ACA!! No repeal! Amend!! Dont strip w/out a plan!
Never mind

DONT DO THIS!!!! Hold your ground!!! FIX IT!!! DONT TRASH IT!!!
Vote "NO" on O-care repeal. Your constituents are counting on you.
Please tell me you aren't voting yes. @SenMajLdr is lying when he says he's doing this for constituents- the ppl are against this! #voteno
Then vote Yes
Heartless sellout.
If that means voting NO to repeal only, TY. If ur replacement plan throws WVians off healthcare, then you'll own CapitoCare 4 sure.
Do not cave to the pressures of an ignorant man who should not be in the WH. Think of your average American and their medical needs.
Please don't let heartless Trump & McConnell threaten you into abandoning Americans & cutting healthcare. #NoTrumpCare
Prepare to lose your seat of power
Right on! We need to make her well aware of what we can and will do!
This sounds like not supporting repeal and replace efforts? All #Dpc docs should want freedom that lost in ACA.
#Tweeters WV, hold her to #Full Repeal of ACA!
She's Exempt from ACA so she doesn't care about you. Don't be fooled!
If #ACA is so great, then why aren't they on it?

Really, Udeservemore
WRONG-STOP the BULLY DT, STOP your war on Americans, STAND UP, your NOT being strong in governing is going down in history and our  on you.
Please do the right thing and vote no on healthcare.
Work with Dems to make improvements DO NOT repeal! Women, people with disabilities are counting on you!
You need to keep your word senator. Do what you promise. Either repeal & replace or repeal now, replace later. If you are unable, resign
Please stand strong to protect us. Need a real replacement before repeal or else real people will really suffer. Serious business
For my grandma (who is not on Twitter) zipcode 26062 and over 140,000 children on Medicaid in WV please VOTE NO today #MedicaidCutsKill #USA
This vote is repeal and no replacement. You know better #shame
Please vote no on the motion to proceed. There is no shame working with the other side to fix healthcare.
All of the republican options to repeal and replace Obamacare hurt people. Please honor your pledge not to hurt people.
The ACA is a starting point!  Fix it, don't allow repeal. Trump is NOT for WV or anyone but Trump.;
Vote NO on repealing ACA. It can be made better without throwing 22 million off insurance and starting over. We deserve healthcare for all.
No you don't @SenCapito. You need to start by listening too the thousands of West Virginians who voted last Nov. and said repeal Obamacare!
Total error to replace with a plan w/o hearings and that will toss millions off coverage and HURT America first.
Please stand firm - for all the Americans who will lose their life if this new secretive healthcare law goes through!
Pls be brave....take repeal off table and work on bi-partisan fix to ACA!
@SenJohnMcCain Dont hurt the less fortunate, including women & children. Have courage not 2cave in2 the win/loss mentality of @potus on ACA!
U R going to hurt the less fortunate, including women & children. Have the courage not to cave into the win/loss mentality of @potus on ACA!
Vote No please
Where is your commitment to the people of West Virginia? Do you care about us?

@SenKamalaHarris @SenWarren @SenSchumer @SenSanders #resist
Repair if you must but don't repeal.
Then how are you ok with kicking 22 million Americans off of health insurance? Shouldn't the goal be 0?
Do not cower to bullying.Please vote NO for a full repeal of http://ACA.Work  together on bipartisan bill that protectsALL
So why did you hold out?
Remember that YOUR vote is not just a vote for your state.  It's a vote for ALL Americans.  GOP plan hurts elderly, veterans and KIDS!
The GOP plan is disastrous, and you can't believe a THING Trump says.  You know that, we know that, do the right thing -- VOTE NO.
Vote no on the motion to proceed.  YOU KNOW that your constituents, many of whom benefit from medicaid expansion, would have that CUT!
You was elected to repeal & replace, do it.
Shame on you
Senators who vote for repeal of h/c will not be forgotten nor forgiven at ballot box. Senate works for the people & people want healthcare
There are many who disagree.  Repealing Obamacare would be a HUGE mistake. Many thousands would be w/o ins & many would die.
YOU HAVE NO INTENTION OF REPLACING ANYTHING.
IT'S #REPEALANDKILLPEOPLE
Clean repeal!  No insurance co subsidies.  After that, how about supporting our President.  More Dems will fall in 2018, Rep could too!
I've decided to kill off my constituents & replace their lives with fourth houses for my rich friends.
Hi

No repeal until a truly good replacement. One you would like for your own family.
U'll have huge recession, med providers/hospitals bankrupt, stocks plummet, insuranceco's chaos, worse than auto crisis, that's what U want?
Republicans have had no system for 8 years, and still don't. You must be blind and woefully inadequate in your role
So basically you are planning on throwing the poor, disabled and elderly under the bus to please thug Trump!  Very sad!
I beg of you:  stay strong!

https://twitter.com/aslavitt/status/889189034446254081 …
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
5- in West Virginia, @SenCapito, do you really think someone makin$25k wants to pay 4x what they pay today? How is that good? 
REPEAL ACA now.
Repeal and replace is not working, so at least get this repealed.
STOP stalling.
Poppycock
Sen Capito do you choose money over the people of WV? You said you would vote NO on Trumpcare I think that it is cruel and heartless of you
Don't take healthcare away from our children and seniors. WVians lose in Trumpcare. If you truly wanna serve the people, stay strong with No
Do not sell out your constituents whose lives and health depend on your vote this week.  Vote NO on the motion to proceed.
You want entitlements for folks that don't vote!
Grateful for your common-sense leadership and No vote on straight repeal. Pls stay strong and work with Dems to create the needed fixes!
The #BCRA does NOT do this and every expert agrees. #RepairObamacare with sensible solutions that don't punish the poor.
Maybe some of the GOP who have been railing against ACA for the last 7 years could have given a minute or so to thinking up a better plan?
Why?  #ACA isn't perfect but it would work if it weren't being sabotaged left and right.  Fix it, don't repeal it.
Please don't repeal #Obamacare. Medicaid expansion WORKED. Help Dems fix what's broken!


I hope you remain committed to not hurting people
Remember you said you wouldn't hurt people
Senator, I'm not constituent but am concerned about BCRA. Please vote "no" on motion to proceed. Work w Dems on solution. #bipartisanship
Sure hope you have a sound plan that will go into effect the same day ObamaCare is repealed. So far, the public has NOT seen a decent plan
Do you realize how many senior citizens you'll be hurting in this country? Your vote counts and is going to cost lives.
No
You don't need to repeal it and you know it. Just fix it..as Dems have been asking for years. Don't want to hurt people, do you?

We missed you on our hike today, @SenateGOP! There were wild blueberries to pick, and we would have loved your company. Maybe next time? 
@SenCapito @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski Thank you for putting policy over politics . Please continue to fight the good fight!
So are you supporting the unknown bill to be presented on Tuesday?  @JoeNBC
Ask osiff how it felt to have the Trump
Train come to town. You and the rest
Of you're Rhino buddies better take
Notice hear that  ocomming
Really you passed the Bill
For Repeal prior to this
Was it good then or just a 
Lie you told for votes.
Vote on the same bill as before
You are quick to vote when
Don't count. I went from TN
To Ga to knock on doors
Against ossif you are no different
Than a Democrat U R fired

@sencapito My former micropreemie daughter's future depends on ACA+Medicaid. She adores visits to WV. Stand up for her and moms everywhere. 
Please opposé #RepealOnly . It hurts too many people. Let's #SaveACA
please stand strong and do not accept ANY cuts to Medicaid. Vote NO on MTPs of all the current Senate healthcare bills
All right, West Virginians, time to call Senator Capito and remind her (again) how the #ACA helps your family. #HealthcareBill #BCRA
She needs to be mooned!
& @senatorcollins & @lisamurkowski  need to be put out to pasture. Their politics are manure in the swamp!
By all expert accounts this bill is a disaster.  Hold hearings and come up with a bipartisan solution.  Don't destabilize the market.
Please do not repeal without a better replacement!!! Stand strong!
This bill doesn't, nor does repeal and replace later. Please stand by commitment, regardless at what is thrown at u
YOU CAN"T REPEAL!!! IT WILL HURT WV PEOPLE!!!!!
I would respect this stand more if saw u supporting Trump more publicly. Begun to wonder if you r secret Never Trumper n smell of swamp.

Please do not repeal the ACA. Strengthen and improve it.
Rumor has it you are voting for repeal now! Say it ain't so! Stick to your guns Shelley!


Repeal men's Death to Older Americans......
So you like Killing Old People Senator?
Medicaid isn't "affordable" care...it's welfare and should be capped!
@SenSusanCollins, @senrobportman, @lisamurkowski, I tire of Republican chameleons: http://www.hannity.com/content/2017-07-21-cruz-on-hannity-weve-got-to-step-up-and-just-do-it-on-healthcare/ … PLEASE REPEAL. @POTUS will sign!
Repeal before there's a replacement? Doesn't sound like a very good game plan to me.
You need and should vote to repeal Obamacare and support the president. WV is watching and we do vote
you mean you remain committed to keeping Obamacare.
Don't repeal. Guarantee CSRs, protect Medicaid.
Proud of your stance and principles.  Vote for people not a party.
American people want Medicare for all. It is time for our tax dollars to go to our health needs. We pay for government to have healthcare
Only ppl you are committed to is the welfare voters. WVians are hurting under Ocare. #RepealObamacare
Reforming ACA in a bipartisan way would provide affordable care. No tinkering of Trumpcare can fix that its inherently a wealthcare bill
@SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski @SenateGOP Maybe next time GOP won't exclude all the women from their healthcare planning. #SNAP
Stop being a political weasel. Repeal it!
Please just fix it, DON'T repeal!
Please vote for a clean repeal.  We need affordable insurance not the over inflated plans of the ACA!
I guess you'd prefer the Ted Cruz-style plans where you pay for "insurance" w/huge deductibles & bare bones coverage? Nonsensical.
Do the respectable thing & stop this repeal from happening! Fix it, don't get rid of the ACA! #patriotnotpartisan #votenocapito @SenCapito
When government gets into health care it takes 3 months to get a MRI that would have killed me to wait . 3 subdural hematoma on brain
Then pass amendments to push for Nonprofit They can work very well to save cost while still providing good jobs and quick care ,

YOUR A TRAITOR TO THE RNC
Reversed position? Embarrassed for you. Will work for your opponents.
You have the opportunity to get it done, don't blow it!
I'm deeply disappointed that your not on board with our President. I would hope that you and other Republicans would stop riding the fence.
To late, you blew it!  You have started a WV Freight Train that is going to run over you next election. Your done!
Show plan before repeal.we demand details, demand women and professionals and public hearings. People before money, deals profit
Keep your word. We donated and voted for Republicans to Repeal. The coastal left want you to keep failing Obamacare. Which side are you on?
It's pretty much what we already have. Why don't u just improve that? Honestly , you can't possibly like Trump. I hope u r that smart.
A mid plan under Obamacare avg deductible is 5k - this goes to 13k under Trumpcare. Improve ACA, add Medicare option that will meet access
You better be committed to impeachment, because a storm is a brewin!
Liar you are an Obamacare #traitor
interesting that your state has more people on Medicaid then people that voted for you

“I can’t even remember why I opposed it. ... Everybody needs some sort of health insurance." http://nyti.ms/2txuIYO 

Dear @realDonaldTrump: New CBO score shows 32 million lose coverage & premiums nearly double. I guess it didn't get better at lunchtime. https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/887654816507408384 …
Then keep your promise repeal Obamacare Care. Too many people on Medicare. Not enough working. Give to those who really need it
Thank you... hang in there. Need any help? Call me
Then vote to let it go to the floor I'm a Wv and co pays and deductibles make the ins useless
If all you can get is repeal - vote for it, as that's one important reason you were elected
"Access" means nothing if the plans are not affordable! Stand with your "no!"
Removing EssentialBenefitsWill Cost us All More!Higher Deductibles ZERO Covered!It'sA TAX BREAK NOT HEALTHCARE!
#SaveFixACA
#TrumpcareKills
How in the world would fake news know. This is just lies
Thank you for keeping our health and safety at the forefront as you work to improve access to health care.
.@SenCapito please do not vote to repeal #ACA. It can be fixed. Call and tell Sen. Capito to work with Senate Democrats to fix it.
Please call @SenCapito's office Monday & Tues! (& Wed, Thurs, Fri!). Tell her this is NOT the way to fix things! 
RichPeople Won't Die if they don't get aTaxBreak!People like Mike would b hurt many die wHC Cuts!VoteNo!Yrly/LifeCaps cause bankruptcies!
You want government assistance programs for WV   Those people don't vote for you?
More welfare, more poverty.
ACA has been the biggest hoax ever perpetrated on the American people. Being forced/fined 2 buy this is un-American.
This is unbelievable.
.@SenCapito Vote no on motion to proceed until West Virginians are guaranteed NO ONE will lose affordable, quality care.
#WestVirginia ns, keep those calls up!
Affordable care will come when you get the crooked government out of the healthcare industry!! #DrainTheSwamp #freemarkets #capitalism
Or the crooked for-profit insurance companies, perhaps?
Yes, when they can get the politicians to manipulate the #freemarket. True #capitalism would allow competition and better coverage for less$
How sad that you would turn your back on your constituents, the people most likely in need. SAD!
Single payer is the way, Senator Capito. But whatever you do, hold firm against this onslaught. Thank you.

Freedom Caucus Chairman Mark Meadows reacts to Parliamentarian striking down the abortion funding prohibition.…
Please stand for WV and vote No.... Don't  cut Medicaid !
How?
People have no Idea  the nonsense they say ACA only works for those who get it for free Single payer will compromise timely care! Repeal
Be aware that us hard working, tax paying WV residents are watching & are more likely to get to the polls than free loaders or drug addicts!
You will be OSTRACIZED if you vote yes
Get those other women in the room together and FIX THIS. Be a patriots and WOMEN SHOULD TAKE OVER TOGETHER
Work with Dems to fix it. Repeal is cheap tactic for political points that will blow up on you. Do not vote w/McConnell now w/no replacment.
Agree with others.  Let go of replacing ACA.  Just put energies in fixing it. This is ego on the part of GOP party. Waste of time & our $$
But don't cut #Medicaid for the #disabled. Senate bills are a disaster.
$200B doesn't make up for a $756B Medicaid cut. It's irresponsible to not protect those that rely on your vote the most. Lead and #VoteNo
Ha ha - you are too much Coal Capito!
Thank you. Will be watching your vote as many Americans do
Put good healthcare for US citizens first and no insurance bailout taxpayers money for insurance companies, and we need same ins as congress
