such a Trump toadie
Given that WV has elected a strong conservative State AG twice - I think you are disconnected
PS: Our Founders/Framers wud b Conservatives today.  Modern liberalism wud b abhorrent to them.
I have met a real conservative that was racist.  The only racists I have met were Democrats.  Honstly...
*never met a real conservative racist.
can't answer calls or emails! Shame on you! Disgrace to WV!
Disappointed but not surprised.
she voted for DeVos I think if trump nominates a hyena @SenCapito will vote for it. So no surprise on this vote

great vote people call the great senator sessions racist when he's not but the praise Byrd
He'll do what's best if you're a white man. Not so much for anyone else. This was a bad choice.
allow me to translate your statement: "corruption always furthers the agenda of corruption"
We are watching you both.
Does his woeful civil rights record mean anything? Will he serve with the interests of ALL Americans at heart? #Sessions
You call getting a death sentence for a known KKK leader woeful?  #RaisedOnPlanetOfUnderInformedLefties
You just voted to confirm a known racist as AG of the United States. For shame, Senator. "I was following orders" won't stand up
History won't look kindly upon people like you who turned a blind eye to this administrations ethnonationalism
Disappointed in your choice.  As s privileged white woman, you just supported racism
he's a known racist!!!!!!! What the actual!?!?!?
After serving alongside him u have witnessed his complete disregard & contempt for voting rights and civil rights for minorities.
.@SenCapito @SenatorSessions WOW. I can smell the dehydration of your campaign contributions from here.
Capito voted for Racist Jefferson Beauregard Sessions Capito has got go. Replace Capito next election
You care more about consolidating absolute GOP power than American ideals and principles
Sessions' record has demonstrated hostility and disregard for civil rights. I'm very disappointed.
Capito you WILL NOT BE RE-ELECTED we will make sure of that during the Primary.
Ladies and gentlemen Jim Crow, Esquire, is now the Attorney General.  The Republicans have no shame!
Translation: Capito supports racism.
"Proud" to vote for a known racist? Telling.
so you're saying that his racist history is inconsequential? Wonderful. When are you up for reelection?
Blah, blah, blah.  Just regurgitating what your GOP overlords instructed you to say.
#byefelicia

You're as dirty as your dad was...he would be proud.
#NOMooreCapito
first DeVos now this racist? Are you trying to lose your seat?
whatever helps you sleep at night #ursuchadisappointment #ulostavoter
When I read your bio, I shed a tear that a moderate GOP did exist! With DeVos and Sessions, you dashed my hope.
very disappointed 
Thank you, Senator Capito.
I can't say I expected better of you because I didn't. Just know that I'm appalled, and you'll never have my vote.
extremely disappointing. I look forward to putting my vote and campaign contributions behind your next opponent.
Yet again, a vote that does nothing but prove how soon you will be out. WV deserves so much better. #SessionsVote
Thanks 4 your support of the new AG! Ignore the tripe from the HuffPo WAPO & DailyKos addicts.
no statement on #DeVos huh? #coward #swampthedrain #draintheswamp
I'll make sure, for this and Devos, to donate to your opposition next election. Disgraceful.
Just finished painful task reading  responses to your tweets this week. 95% plus against you. #themoreyouknow
Ugh.  That is all.
U R as bad as he is. I wonder if they have told you to sit down? Do you walk 3 steps behind him?
Way to go Capito! Another blow for democracy. Amazing how little thought you actually put into your decision!!
Capito is a political hack who will not be reelected.  She is con like her Dad.
just like her dad!
you are a traitor to education and civil rights. Shame on you.
Okay, so now show us we were wrong. Be better people.

Disgusting. Traitor. What % of constituents support this? Or do you 'call your own shots'?? We will remember
Your statement, as usual, is very disheartening. Disgusted by the lack of common sense and questionable values.
.@SenCapito @SenatorSessions OMG I can't believe you voted for him! You are showing your true colors. Disgusting and disturbing! #VoteHerOut
confirmed samir khan at st. albans kmart wv before he met w/awlaki. how did he know to show. organized traffic
can't wait to vote you out when you come up for re-election
Interesting, but no statement about your vote for DeVoss who will gut WV's public schools, the backbone of our communities.
you really cited some good sources there Becky
gross
ENOUGH Ms. Capito!  All you had to release is, "All of the other republicans were doing it, so I did too." #VoteHerOut
@POTUS he's just going to be another yes man for trump! We don't want a dictator we want a balanced government
how about dismantling an unjust war on drugs? addicts need treatment and reform, not punishment!
I'm disappointed in your efforts to stand for the people.
thank you Senator Capito.  I've voted for you every time you've ran.  You continue to earn my vote. #smartlady
racist
hopeful he defends ALL Americans. He doesn't have the best record on civil rights.
