WHITE SUPREMACY.
Please call for prosecution of Charlottesville murder under domestic terrorism.
You can't even condemn the alt right and white supremacists? This is a cowardly statement.
Will it take a group of white supremacists marching on Harper's Ferry for you to say something specific? Way to take a stand
When is enough, enough, Senator Capito? The GOP is enabling an unhinged, inept narcissist who is nothing more than a lying con man.
But isn't President Trump opening coal mines again? Wonder if there'd be all this hate if HE had won the election? I seriously doubt it.
Um, he did win the election. And there is no coal boon. Trump stoked hate at rallies, offering to pay legal fees, etc. etc.
Where's the proof? I've never seen such poor losers in my life!
Be more specific. A domestic terror attack. White Supremacists. Alt right.
I'm going to give you the same to-do list as @Sen_JoeManchin:

1. Call it racism
2. Call for the removal of Bannon and Gorka from the WH
So what are you going to do about it, legislator? Staying "concerned" is ineffective. We know where your heart is.
Denounce white supremacy. Say it.
Answer the question Shelley. Do you believe whiteness is superior or not be specific
So Publicly condemn ol45! Oh wait, a ouooet can't do that to its marionette.
Lame
#DefundPP
*NEWS FLASH* Cowardly @SenCapito refuses to condemn white supremacist, neo-nazi, terrorists!!! What you don't condemn, you endorse!!!
Go one step more; name where those acts of violence are coming from. What prevents you from clearly standing against white nationalists?
Looks like the left was bused in to confront a few racists that should have been ignored.
It's called White Supremacist Domestic Terrorism.  It is okay to say that even in a state that overwhelmingly voted for trump.
Please actually condemn white supremacists. Don't be purposefully vague at a time like this.
Senator Capito, this statement isn't enough. Waiting for you to publicly denounce white supremacists/nazis/KKK by name loudly & clearly.
So to be clear, are you against white supremacists?
Call it what it is and denounce it, Senator. Domestic terrorism. White supremacy.
Nope. No more monuments to traitors.
KKK..white supremacists...alt right...domestic white terrorists?? Ring a bell?? SAY THE WORDS!!!
Antifa Black Lives Matter Black Panther you left out a few yourself.
Hello
I've never seen someone so committed to electing herself out of office....
Let's be real call them all out white supremacist KKK Black lives Matter Black Panthers Antifa don't go halfway like these squishy people
That's it? You support white supremacy every day by supporting this racist admin & racist voter suppression laws. Fix this.
Not strong enough, madame. Alt right violence needs to be called out. You are better than this President. Stand up
As long as you enable the racist Trump this shit will continue. #ImpeachTrumpNow
So what are you going to do about it?
So many of your fellow Republican senators have condemned white supremacy and this act of domestic terrorism, and so should you.
Trump's shameful moral void on Charlottesville leaves America without a leader http://www.philly.com/philly/columnists/will_bunch/trumps-shameful-moral-void-on-charlottesville-leaves-america-without-a-leader-20170813.html … via @philly.com
Which acts, exactly?
America was "founded" on it. What are you talking about?
They've taken their lead from our president.
Shelley Moore Capito I Agree 100%.
You know who's inspiring this hatred and inciting the violence. You must impeach Trump and get Bannon out of the White House. 
For a start.
The libtards are out in force. Since November I watch as the cupcakes riot,vandolise, and make death threats on our President
Tell the fool in the White House that.
We need to hear this as much as possible out of you, Senator.  I had a Republican co-worker who grew up in West Virginia and he told me ...
that the Klan remains far too active there.  Racism and bigotry can not be tolerated in this country.
Thank you for this sentiment. A franker one would've been better. Better still? Concrete actions by GOP Senators to STOP white supremacists!
You keep implying you might take some real stand against POTUS and the hateful agendas he blatantly protects and inflames. How about now?
Denounce white nationalist terrorists.
Yet,ur ok w/POTUS hateful,destructive behavior destroying USA.U have opp 2 stand 4 country & fellow Americans.Dont u care?#DOtherightthing
It was this Prez that said "knock the hell out if em" at his rallies. Surprise & outrage now?  Acts started before tonight.  Where were you?
separate yourself from the @POTUS and call out far-right #WhiteNationalism.  #Charlottesville @realDonaldTrump #itsyourlegacy
They practice and preach hate what do you expect what would happen!
Then stop supporting Trump, this is what he stands for. He has made a fool out of you and WV! #soashamed
Tell that to your buddy, DT.
NAME IT!  RACISM!
Shelley Moore Complicit, enabler authentique
Replying to ShelleytheWeakHearted will do nothing as she chooses not to hear us - she only speaks to us, she is not to be spoken to.
Senator please be more specific like-"white nationalist terrorists have no place in our country. #WhiteNationalistTerrorist
#Charlottesville

We need our leaders to be more specific. You must condemn this white nationalist violence by name. Say that racism is wrong. #charlotesville
Even when the potus encourages
Call out the white supremacist movement. Be a hero and not a zero
You're supporting the ringleader, so you must approve.
Then stand up and do your job!!  All these hollow tweets each day.... You are a US Senator for Christ's Sakes.  Be proactive!!
Did you forget bigotry?
Coward call it out for what it is or shame yourself

Yet AGAIN.
Tell us more about what kind of "hate & violence" you are denouncing, please, Senator.
I confess I'm disappointed. In order to be against it, you've got to *name* it: White Supremacy, KKK, Nazism. Please amend; we are waiting.
This is on u and your party for enabling that lunatic 45 to do whatever he wants the hell with people's lives but hey maybe ur a racist
Let's call it what it is - terrorism. Committed by Trump's racist supporters, promoted by T's incessant ridicule, derision of Obama & libs.
Nothing but empty words from empty hearted women
Call what it is Senator
I agree with you (for once).
Which hate? You sound like DT trying to sit in the middle. Are you going to speak out to rid the WH of the neo nazis DThas there
Who and what are you talking about? White supremacists? Neo-Nazis? A dangerous terrorist organization?
Why are you scared to say what is really going on?
Or in our White House. Speak up, Senator. Speak up.
How about being more specific, like white supremacy has no place in this country?
Need you to stand up to tRUMP. He's causing this
Yet you support @potus who encourages it every day and refuses to denounce. You make me sick.
It's domestic terrorism by WHITE NATIONALISTS-don't try to say otherwise
.@SenCapito Unfortunately, it is. And you're in with the worst of us
Oh Shelley, those are the ones your leader invites. Acts of hate are the norm for this bigoted and racist regime! Shame on you!
Then quit supporting their leader. The GOP has to own its role in letting this segment of America think they have a voice in govt
You own this GOP
When 45 doesn't specifically denounce these actions, this is what happens. When you don't call out 45, this is what happens. Own it.
Please be more specific.
Could you be more specific?
Love all your Democratic supporters. Hate in any fashion to INCLUDE Antifa, BLM, and White Nationalism is wrong! #TheHouseObamaBuilt
Yet your leader employs Bannon, Miller and Gorka. Approved Sessions as AG. Cut the bullshit, the GOP is the problem.
Took you long enough. Did you have to run your statement through Trump first?
It the politicians this is trickle down social disparity. You think whites are gonna stand back while blm and antifa make them look evil no
Not good enough, Senator.  Words don't matter any more. Actions matter.  @GOP OWNS this. The @GOP is the party of hatred and ignorance.
Funny were you screaming that when antifa was looting and burning cities or blm was looting and burning towns probably not
what took you so long? Waiting on the inept @POTUS to determine if #Charlottesville was worth noting? Be a leader. #disgrace
Yell it from a mountaintop. These people are emboldened by the hate they saw at their president's rallies, for example. Very dangerous turf
Wrong try again
Then condemn the violence. Take a stand against the current administration that encourages and incites it. We're better than this.
Antifa and blm incite it
Those ARE TRUMP/CAPITO PEOPPE SMELLY! LYING AGAIN? I'm not surprised!
People. Typo. You're still a LIAR!
