Did not Republicans vote Trump in to repeal Obamacare? Why do you thwart the will of the people? Get on board! Repeal & replace Congress!
Because they're Never Trumpers. Obstructionists from the getgo.
Now can you see how dangerous he is??? IMPEACH him!Don't be a bot! COUNTRY BEFORE PARTY THAT WANTS TO DESTROY YOU!
We are going to defeat Obamacare Republicans like you and Capito.
#RepealObamacare #FullRepeal #CleanRepeal wthell.wthell,so u got addicted 2 the medicaid money obama gave you?byebyecapito2020?
I hear, on @CNN no less, that the WH is going after you. I'm not ok with that. This is why I'm leaving party. Narcissists target ppl..not ok
I'm hearing you sister. I'm tired of the stuff coming out of this WH...and this is despicable. Never been more anxious to vote 2018 & 2020.
I'm almost a 25 year registered republican, WMD & (any) Bush war defender, Obamacare hater. I was WRONG & I'm def not ok with any if this.
I don't think this is normal
Definitely NOT normal. I'm doing all I can to be a more informed voter. More important now than ever before. This sh%t is crazy. Voting 2018
No doubt..i woke up a year ago as a casual voter & realized I had effed up not paying attn. I know politics is dirty, but this? No...1/
What Trump is doing to @JeffFlake is personal. If another member of Congress goes after him on policy, cool. I don't tolerate bullies
You promised REPEAL, DO THE JOB WE THE PEOPLE PUT YOU THERE TO DO FULL REPEAL AND SUPPORT OUR POTUS
Awwwww poor little person.  Did the GOP FAIL AGAIN?? 
Figures you two would be bosom buddies. The  "Crapito Flakes"! Fraudulent GOPers!

Did you profit from it also? All of you just pass bills that make you money! @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @TuckerCarlson
Ozone standards, that's so 1970s pseudo imminent peril. In the 60s, 70s, it was the return of the Ice Age.  Now it's, er, uh. Bill Nye y'all

Under BCRA, to maintain current #Medicaid program, #Arizona would have to make up $11.8B fed fund loss btw 2020-29 http://kaiserf.am/2vkF0sK  
Did you see this?
President Donald Trump's White House is recruiting primary challengers against Republican Sen. Jeff Flake of Arizona http://cnn.it/2vd8DvP  
Good Flake needs to leave.
Respected orgs like the American Lung Association begged for this not to be passed, but you ruled in favor of businesses than ppl.

REPEAL and be for real.
Trump won your state by 40 points...and you voted AGANIST repealing Obamacare today????????? RINO. Vote her out in 2018 people!!!

You do understand that ozone standards are related to health? Especially to those of the elderly and asthmatic children?
Dude you are not conservative and Dude...you might as well turn Blue cause well your gone come 2018 cycle either way.
That's one in a row
LIAR. Voted YES to repeal in 2015  no replace bill) because you knew Obama would veto. NOW you block repeal.  Liar. You should be ashamed
Same on you working for big Corp instead of the citizens.
I don't agree with this bill... I'd like to have #cleanair here in #PHX!
Just keep working eliminate the August break go on the same healthcare the American people have!
Though I wanted a no on the healthcare, do not worry about WH threats to your primary. Independent voters like you standing up to POTUS!


Vote repeal Obamacare or #VOTE SENATOR CAPITO OUT
watch our ignorant in chief veto it. He wants to see what he is breathing.
Start packing your bags your done
Repeal Ocare now. At least save face on your way out of the Senate.
You are with MC, clown are the two most hated senators  ONE term that is all you get  GO DR KELLI WARD
Ozone is deadly. Make sure you know what standards you are dealing with.
You Mr. Flake, Snow, Murkowski, Collins, and McCain are all RHINOS who will be voted out for not uniting with us and our President. ADIOS !
Then why aren't beneficiaries of this 'grant' not funding health care increases on individuals for lung disease?  Loss of Productivity?
Protect our air, water, environment, and our health.
Convenient how @JeffFlake has rediscovered his Twitter (and spine) now that #Trumpcare has failed - AZ needs someone who doesn't hide in 18!
Vote no to repeal. Do your job!
Great use of time!How about that healthcare bill and tax breaks?To busy meeting with outside interests?
The Witches of Obamacare

Weak knee Senators time to walk the talk.  Keep your Promise and Repeal Obamacare.  The Republican Party has a black eye thanks for nothing!
The senate could not pass anything in high speed lane on the freeway much less piece of legislation
Good GOD!  Where is that in the list of objectives we voted 4?Repeal ObummerCrap, build the wall, lower taxes, increase salaries, crest jobs
Yeah well you better vote to repeal Obamacare or your aren't going to have to worry about voting for anything you will be voted out of offic
well isn't that special Shirley but can't do crap with #health care
Get health care done!!!!! WhTs wrong with u?
Having clean air to breathe is a definite necessity. No time to waste. I hope this bill is good thing ?? Bipartisan support is encouraging.
Save the ACA and Essential Health Benefits!  VOTE NO!
Glad the Senate isn't moving forward to take my health care away, no thanks to you #coward
You lost my vote if I happened to live in Arizona. You sound more hardcore democrat by minute. #Obamacare your favorite choice #sad
Stick to your guns. Don't let anyone intimidate you.
After botching Obamacare repeal you're crowing about Ozone standards? What a bunch of clowns.
Agree
Whatever RINOs
Hey, Senator:
Someday you can wear Trump's enmity with you as a badge of honor.
You people need to retire. Now.
As a pediatrician and former environmental scientist, I can't get behind less stringent ozone standard.
It did sound as if they were letting their foot off the throttle with this bill. I'm surprised we even still have an EPA. Take note Flake.
U need to be voted out....
How do you feel about the healthcare bill? Disappointed that the Cruz plan you support wont be able to hurt Arizonans after all? Youre awful
Shame on all of you for failing us on health care once again. Lost my vote
#TrumpRussia #25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendment #TrumpRussiaCollusion #ImpeachTrump #Resist
AZ has frequent high pollutant advisories. You couldn't care less about your constituents re: this bill and your support of Cruz amendment.
We now go live to Jeff Flake considering the ACA repeal...
Had my doubts about you for some time now. This somewhat explains it all. Heads been in the ozone layer too long.
Better be before 2018....you are gone
