You caved. Another unethical minion 
Then why ignore the cries of the middle class? ACA is crushing Americans with insane premiums and deductibles : http://wvmetronews.com/2016/10/26/obamacare-premiums-spike-in-west-virginia/ …
It is failing because GOP state leadership did not follow through or rejected the parts that would have decreased costs. Sabotage from day 1
What a cute argument. Sadly l, the ACA is failing in red & blue states alike. Tell me: what state has seen premiums and deductibles go down?
Replacement plan? Sounds like replacement optional. I hope I'm wrong
Thank you for considering all Americans and their healthcare and not being driven by the pettiness that seems to be driving these efforts.
Thank you!
yeah, well. You just did & u will.BCRA votes affect every American but u sold us all for a few goodies for WV.

Wonder why we need more women?
Maybe because they have compassion and empathy!
Stealing money from others and crushing them with insane premiums is not compassionate nor empathic.
Also most of the people who complained about Ocare prices live in states that did not expand Medicaid. Do you?
Prices went up massively. Mine went up 300%. I skip going to the doctor now but I know I'm paying for someone else. https://aspe.hhs.gov/system/files/pdf/256751/IndividualMarketPremiumChanges.pdf …
I'm sorry that your's went up so high! OCare needs fixed but even what they are doing right now is still Ocare repackaged.
I agree. But they need to start over, not fix. Costs go down only with open competition on the free market removing regulations
Sounded good! So why did you flip and vote YES??? 
Where was this Senator last night?
But...you voted to move toward a vote. How does that work?
She cannot see or grasp the bigger picture. Such small mindedness doesn't belong in congress.
LIAR !
You voted Yes on MTP !!!
Thank you!  Pragmatic and compassionate leadership for WV and all Americans. Pls work with Dems to fix ACA.
Dems want Socialist healthcare, and they are not working with us. Now they're trying to make it look the other way to manipulate Singlepayer
Yep. That's our diabolical scheme...or I'm just a small business owner who needs affordable health insurance.
Meanwhile, my cost is up and coverage down. Yep, dems did such a great job in 09 when iy was shoved down our throats.
So...let's not be adversaries & find fixes for everyone.  Smart folks like us can work towards consensus.
yes we can. however, we need a clean start without politicians saying they know best
Thank you for caring more about the people than politics. Deeply appreciate your compassion.
You and other Republicans were elected on the promise of a full repeal.
Here's an idea: limit coverage on non-vital medicine and procedures. Prices on medicine andncoverage will drop.
What about "catastrophic" health issues, and the destruction of families it causes?
Thank you, Senator.
You voted for this in 2015. #MAGA
Do the people thanking you live in West Virginia?
Will the guy with the paper clip/safety pin vote Republican in 2018? Who else is thanking you? Not Trump voters. @Trader_Moe
Trump voters are beginning to organize to primary incumbents who don't support our President's agenda out in 2018. #repealobamacare
That wouldn't surprise me.
This traitor will NOT get any re-election.  Bet that.
I don't think that word means what you think it does...
Thank you for your courage and decision on health http://care.You  have been added to my very short Hero list
Senator, you must ensure that Medicaid is not decimated, and that persons with pre existing conditions continue having access to good care.
Crack down on ClintonFoundation Russian drug co. pushing drug scripts through shady Drs. A Wall will also help. N.A. & A.A. Works wonders!
Did you just vote based on the needs of the people you represent and not for the needs of your party? Who does such a thing? Well done!
Surprise!! You're latest vote to proceed without a replacement plan threatens & "hurts people". (Actually, no surprise at all.)
We took the House away from the Dems in 2010 and the Senate away in 2014 in order to repeal Ocare.  If you don't, you're going to be fired
The GOP bill does not "hurt people".  It helps many many families.  This sham "repeal" is not really repeal, it is just defunding.
GOP bill was junk insurance at best
That's also a lie.  Provision was that each insurer had to offer policies identical to requirements of today.
Not a lie, it leaves most protections up to the individual state's discretion
What about the middle class footing the bill, senator?
W.v gets more warfare assistance per person than anywhere else in the country be glad she stood up for some of you.....
Thank you Senator! We could use more like you in Congress. It seems that the OCare repeal is more about saving face than working for us.
Obamacare hurts millions and cripples our economy. You know this. You voted to repeal before. Do what must be done.
Tired of the BS socialist wealth redistribution.
Are there more people hurting today than 6 years ago when this passed. Yes. Obamacare is a failure #FullRepeal #dontflipflop
No.  Not even close.
Yes, for most. Perhaps your premiums haven't skyrocketed, lost your insurance or your doctor, but most have.
That's just not factual.
Increase in premiums,
Well premiums are increasing that's correct.  But at a slower rate than they would have without ACA.
That's speculation
No it's statistical modeling.
If u vote yes on #Trumpcare (tax cut 4 ultra rich), it will lead 2 the death of thousands, along with the demise of your political career.

It appears you are FOS after all.  Vote her out!
Manchin is out of touch with the ppl of West Virginia He will find himself out of a job in 2018...Support President Trump! WV won't forget..
Wow, a lot must have happened in a week.... Hope you felt good about that one senator
Another lying POS.
Way to stick to your guns, Senator! 

Oh, wait, you voted to hurt people after all? I guess just hope that Jesus grades on a curve, than?
then @sencapito vote to kill the REPUBLICAN NIGHTMARE BILL
You're a coward. That will be your legacy. Your grandchildren and their children will be known as the spawn of the coward Capito. Deplorable
Apparently you don't care THAT much. Thanks for contributing to the further bankruptcy of your constituents.
YOU ARE FIRED!
Don't do it

Missing: one backbone. Formerly belonging to Sen. Capito. If found please throw in trash, her free healthcare covers new one, not yours.
Your vote today will needlessly hurt people. And you don't care. What a hypocritical, worthless, terrible vote. You should be ashamed
What the hell is wrong with you? You've agreed to this BS?
But you voted repeal 
@RoyBlunt decided to throw Missourians under the bus; are you doing the same with West Virginians?
Then why did you vote to move the discussion forward, with no reasonable plan in sight? Are you really a career politician?
Is there are replacement plan or did just flat out lie?

I hope Trump's propaganda speech to kids was worth your soul.
Too bad your integrity didn't last that long. Enjoy digging those WVa graves when that opioid crisis spirals more out of control.
Well said. That's the integrity we need in government. Ignore the bullying Russian operative in the White House.
Better yet… vote to remove his ass from office!
It's sad that you were bullied into changing your vote. Maybe you can hang out with Melania
You're a coward and the people if WV deserve a hell of a lot better than you. GOP= INFECTIOUS HUMAN WASTE
You.
Are.
A.
Coward.
AND A TRAITOR.
You screwed all of us.
you're a liar and a sellout. #LockHerUp
Way to go trump....that's how you get shit done....she opened her eyes....others will too...don't quit...the battle has only begun to #maga
For shame.
so disappointing how could you vote to debate the bill
So much for that eh?
So much for not hurting people. You voted to continue to a bill that only needs 51 votes. Partisan. @SaveHealthcare VoteoutACAdeniers
You just voted to hurt tens of thousands of West Virginians and millions of Americans! #SHAME
Appears you did come to Washington to hurt people. Enjoy your heavily subsidized and unchanging healthcare while millions die #resist
After today's vote, looks like you DID come to Washington to hurt people.
Shame on you. No morals
What changed your mind? Don't hurt people
Please remember this today.
Only one with a Good Conscious will still vote against Obama care now!To vote to Not Repealing Obama care is having a nazi-conscious!
I pray this is not a stunt for re-election and that you are, in fact, one of the few GOP senators who aren't a full-blown monster!
please, I am pleading with u as a single 52yr old mom of 3 living w/multiple sclerosis, allowing this would kill me.
#VoteNoMTP #VoteNoBCRA
Thank you @SenCapito @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins for being the voices of reason and opposing the repeal of the ACA.
Do not vote for the stealth senate health care.
Senator I would only hope you expressed your displeasure directly DT for playing politics in the Boy Scout speech.  These are kids.
Price and Perry-infamous on women's issues- laugh as all those boys booed a powerful woman-to please a bloated up bigot
you will be voted out in 2018, if you don't vote to Repeal, the tea party still exists, we exist in the Republican party, now!
Do not let Trump come there and bully you. Stick to your guns and help the people not the party.
Please follow up with your words here! Vote no tomorrow! Thank you!
Please vote NO tomorrow!
Senator, Please remember this statement this week, when there is an all-out push to repeal.  50 million without insurance...
1 week ago. No change to bill addressing Medicaid cuts that will harm WV. Went from killing bill, to fealty to Trump
The Democratic party screwed up our Healthcare they want everyone to go without Healthcare but spend money and policies we can't use
Shelley you are a complete ass. Enjoy your last term. Repeal would allow free markets to come back a reasonable price, not NOTHING. Grow up
Before Hell/ary & the damned racist obama there was no complain of Health
Care,now you Capito & Murkowski have joined the demoCraps?VOTE NO
Capito & Murkowski must vote No on Tuesday, or else you both will be thrown out!Obamacre is nightmare from hell!Stop lying !
Not only Good for The Rich and Bad The Poor. I Disagree with High Insurance Cost for The People in Need and that only benefits others.
A Worst Health Insurance propose by Donald Trump and His Cabinet. WE THE PEOPLE NEED A GOOD HEALTH INSURANCE, affordable for Everybody and
Better Country, Better Insurance, at this Time We have The Worst Insurance Dispute in The Congress and Senate just to kill OBAMACARE, for
Health Insurance's for their People, If We are The Most Powering Country in The World, Why don't We have a Good Affordable Health Insurance
I Think that all People Residents if This Wonderful Country shut learn from other Country's like Sweden, Norway and Canada they have great
Get on board with a total repeal of Obamacare!!!!!
Repeal Obamacare! Americans are hurting. Support the Republicans and Donald Trump or you will be voted OUT!!!! REPEAL OBAMACARE!
Thank you for standing up for what's right! Not only for your own constituents, but all Americans who would've had dire consequences.
Sorry to hear about your position on repeal. kinda why we voted for you. guess we need to find someone else next election cycle
thanks for standing up for Americans and not just repealing ACA.  Please work bi-partisanly on ACA improvements that Dems working toward.
Thank you Senator for voting against this cruel bill. West Virginians deserve better.
Thank you!!
good for you!
West Virginia didn't expand anything, they just took the free money Obama handed them, where did the money come from, hard working people.
Traitor.
Thank you, Senator Capito, for your opposition to this horrible assault on the health of American citizens.
Stay strong on your decision of a NO vote, thank you! No repeal without a bipartisan replacement that actually takes care of Americans.
.@SenCapito 
Fact:
WVa has 51% of her Citizens dependant on both Fed & State Subsides & Benefits. Yet they Vote for @GOP=Dereliction of duty
Thank you for the courage to stand up to your colleagues and opposed the repeal of ACA with delayed replacement.
Thank you Sen. Capito
Thank you for this, @SenCapito. Any plan that takes care from our state's people is not acceptable. Please stay strong and stand up for us!
Thank you for this, @SenCapito. Please stand strong, make sure ANY plan would not hurt the people of #WestVirginia but help them.
I pray for you.  God loves you.
.@SenCapito's speech on the Senate floor just before voting to repeal Obamacare in 2015.
.@SenCapito's 2014 campaign ad to repeal Obamacare.
#Senator Capito cost W.Va & USA $772 BILLION savings, tax reform, Defense $, Medicaid Entitlement reform.OBama's Last Laugh #Henninger@WSJ
Thank you for choosing your people and principles over politics. You embody the spirit of public service.
#Medicare4all
Bravo!   Now lets come up with a single payer plan that covers all US Citizens.
Your concern is opioid dependency, so why not get separate funding for drug rehab clinics for your state apart from healthcare plan.
Thank you.
I can't believe how many ppl want to take her job for helping and making the correct decision.
Some of you in W.V couldn't afford to pay for insurance under the GOP bill based on how many ppl their rely on government.
*there
Voted for you once.... Won't make that mistake again :)
Thank you!
Thank you Senator
Thank you!
When Obamacare fails, and it will, I will be waiting to see your comments then, because you just owned Obamacare.
please update your profile picture to something more accurate. @MarkDice @Richzeoli
Please remember your vote ALSO AFFECTS MILLIONS OF OTHER AMERICANS, TOO.
Thank you. I lost my employer based insurance because of the 30 hr a week clause. Repeal would again leave my wife without coverage
I am from Colorado, not from West Virginia. I just wanted to let you know that I respect you principles in not voting for repeal.  Thank you
Help undo the de-funding of the risk corridor as a start to help lower ACA premiums.

Thank you so very much.Your loyalty to your constituents is appreciated!
So then support Medicare for all.
I pat my dog in the head when she shits outside in the yard instead of on the carpet where she lives.   *offers a pat*
Goddamn RINO's. Americans expressed their disgust with the left forcing ACA down our throats and yet you block it's repeal anyway. TRAITOR.
Thank you, Senator!!
Thank-you for your courage, compassion and leadership.
Thank you for your service to the great, beautiful state of WV and it's citizens. And to your country.  #represent #PeopleNotParty
Thank you. Please don't forget. Mark 8:36 For what shall it profit a man, if he shall gain the whole world, and lose his own soul?
Then support Dems efforts for public ACA option
Your excuse is LAME & WEAK!! Leaders need to have answers and courage and this is illogical keeping an albatross!!
Thank you for standing your ground on healthcare. You give me hope that someday this college educated WF can vote Republican again.
When the clean repeal vote means something, you turn and run to hide behind the skirts of the Medicaiders. Primaries coming 4 U,
Thank you!
Do not get bullied into doing the wrong thing!  You and GOP women are SOOOO on the right side of history!  Thank you!
RESIGN!
Thank you @sencapito.
A strong leader would find alternative paths to their goals and it is hypocritical to say you don't want to hurt people
But by that you mean only your people!! O-care is negatively affecting vast portions of society as a whole!!
As a whole Obama Care is crushing America. The Medicare need in your state can NOT come before the country as a whole.
You voted for repeal in 2015. WV and the entire country made do before the ACA existed.
Thank you for standing firm on such a bad bill.  Thank you for standing up against men who don't want to hear a woman's view. Good work!
Sure it is. Screw every other tax payer though right?
we are taking names.going to repeal &replace all dems & repubs in now. 2018,2020,2022. Tired of lies, on you  not pres Trump
Stand firm on the healthcare bill. This President has no credibility.
What about the mandate of the people who want Obama Care repealed?....did you ever think about that?...did you?
Thank you. Plz work for bi-partisan solution to fix healthcare program. Keep medicaid. Their push to pass anything is dishonest.
Thanks for letting me know your word means nothing! I am a WV voter and you lost my vote!
Do your job and repeal Obamacare, or are you just RINO?
http://bit.ly/WVvotDT  Your state overwhelmingly voted 4 REPEAL. healthcare much better B4 Ocare. Replace is unnecessary, repairs perhaps
Every day I will toot my horn.
Need real conservatives running not lying ones, Democrats need not apply.
You make a promise, keep it.
Don't live there but no many who do, get ready to be campaign against, liar
Be prepared to be campaign against, liar
Thank you! I work for members of Medicaid daily and we do a great deal for those with mental illness and drug/alcohol abuse.
Thank you for opposing this bill @SenCapito I depend on #obamacare for my health care.
Keep fighting!!
Thank you
Thank you Senator Capito!
Thank you!  You are courageous and have conviction!  We NEED so much more of that!
Thank you @SenCapito for your strength and leadership! I hope other senators join you in a bipartisan effort to improve health care
Thank you, Senator, for caring about PEOPLE.
Never give in to Russian mobsters, Koch Brothers, or dirty old men who might have Kompromat on them.  Do no harm.  #SaveACA
There should be more Republican senators like you standing up for the people instead of the party. Thank you
Thank you from a North Carolina senior retired independent.
Thank you for your "no" vote to repeal the ACA!
Thank you for having the guts to stand up for the little people! We will remember those who do in 2018!
I'm curious. Did you vote for repeal when you knew Obama would veto?
So get West Virginia to deal with their citizens and YOU STAND UP FOR AMERICA! Don't you understand the "US" part of US Sentator?
Then enjoy watching O-care tank... Peace out.
