Lol $50.00 bucks Russia and China will sell us coal cheaper.  US wages will drop below 10.00.  Go ahead send your kid in that coal mine.
...... Considering a decent salary in my part of the country is $11 that drop isn't much. Just saying.
You could change that. Without unions the rates won't match even that. People who say USA 1st want cheap labor. Can u beat China & Russia?
How do you suggest I change that? And again, with a near non-existent middle class, poverty is very real with many not making $10 now
Education,the future is tech. My 12 year old learns python coding at his school. You have talented people in WV they aren't being developed.
the situation
You're not in WV?Well this is moot. Contact your local representative and ask why they are not attracting companies to your state.
Since it's a nation wide issue, it's hardly a moot point. We're not much of  a coal producer, but our best jobs are oil and gas
Totally not.  Might as well try to bring back VCRs.  This will not move west Virginia or anyone else forward.  Disgraceful
I'd take a VCR. Have tapes I'd like to watch. Nothing to do with Climate Change. That needs to be fixed. I just miss VCRs and recording
Ok, so not the best example...
Gotta love when pple explain things so you understand. #ClimateAction #ParisAgreeement #ParisAccord
MUST WATCH @kerpen opens a can of whoop-ass on the #ParisAgreement. Thank you @POTUS for keeping your promise!
The president is trying to protect coal, a dying industry, and doesn't believe in climate change. Pence doesn't see the big deal. Dangerous
As said, they will both most likely be out of office before the Accords go in affect
Not to mention the fact global warming is a hoax, and just a vehicle to redistribute wealth worldwide.
#WV trust but verify, make sure your union is in tact and u don't risk life or limb for $10 an hour for something that kills the earth.
Thank you. Yes, I agree.
Nevermind that withdrawing from the Paris Accord is the wrong decision for the environment that your grandkids will grow up in
GOP = Group of Pavlovs

   MAGA (ding)
   America first (ding)
   Coal (ding)

Let's turn Texas blue! Vote Democrat in 2018.
I will never believe another word you say. This is the lyingest lie ever.
This is so wrong.  The USA should lead. Support #ParisAgreement Shame on you Shelley.
Thank you for supporting our @POTUS! Our son is attending college in WV, LOVE it there!!!
Terrible decision. What an embarrassment.
How is destroying our image on the world stage and poisoning the environment "moving forward"?
Right??! You are a coal mining state. To hell with #cleanenergy leave it all to another country. USA #13 #hooray!!
Tell it to our faces! Hold a town hall!!
I hope you don't want anymore to travel out of your country: you are not welcome elsewhere in the world #shameonyou
way 2 go
Dumb decision period
Money over planet
It's a terrible decision that embarrasses this nation & his speech shows he doesn't even understand the Paris Agreement.Disgraceful &selfish
What was embarrassing was being a part of the one sided agreement.
If you like an economy that's dead, ok. But many people in WV would like to move forward, not stay frozen in time or move backwards. #WVMOVE
I mean we should be investing as much as possible in every old and busted technology. GREAT IDEA. Can't wait to see you replaced.
@WhiteHouse @POTUS 
AMERICA is a sovereign nation once again.

EUROPE stopped dictating our lives in 1776.
Fuzzy thinking! Bad decision! Impact on WV nil. Follows decades of short-sighted public-private partnership decision making re WV's future.
wrong!
@sencapito how much are your children and moore capito generation going to think? You´re choosing to pollute and leave the world to nobody
Your constituents disagree. Guess your grandchildren don't matter as much as misguided party loyalty.
Agree
Well, I think that Trump just successfully made it easier to get rid of these supporting Paris Repubs, in 2018 and 2020! Thanks Trumpy!
I disagree wholehearted on this senator.  Our involvement was key 2 the buy in of the rest of the world.  Fee and Dividend will make it mute
@WhiteHouse totally not true. But we will over come the current GOP. Mentality
Yeah just screw the planet. No biggie SMH - you are all disgusting.
You shouldn't be so proud steer people towards the past. A good & true leader steers people towards the future. #makeourplanetgreatagain 
embarrassing and sad as u lay under the thumb of stupidity. U will be remembered as being on the wrong side of history. #legacy
Clean energy is clearly what's next--why are you saying this was the right move? You'd help make so many more jobs if you would embrace it.
Yes
Do you have a business degree from trump university?
I am a WV native. I seem to recall WV being on planet Earth, so I'm not so sure about that.
But sadly the wrong decision for our earth.
#earthFirst

It is shameful! Embarrassing! I can't believe you villains want to hurt this country and the planet. Sad!
Why, pls explain.  Make a thread so I know your reasons.  Waiting to hear from you. Will tweet you reminders a few times a day
Tell us how. Please give us a valid reason in how this will help anything. And maybe we can learn to be okay with it. Please.
In every moment there's the possibility of a better future,but U won't do what is necessary Bc THAT future doesn't ask anything of you today
No, it's not
There has been no warming for 20 yrs
Solar Cycle 24 suggests the Sun is going dormant
The planet is actually cooling 
#trump
#maga
And the wrong decision for the entire world.
History will tell.

Maybe? But the wrong decision for all of mankind, including those in America.
Is this what you plan to tell your grandchildren when they ask why America went backward while the rest of the world went forward?
Wrong!
Shame on you.
Humans have an alimentary canal, and it's incumbent upon some to remove their heads from that canal. Let me know when you're successful.
I am very happy that we are withdrawing from the #ParisAgreement  wish the withdrawal became effective today
Says the person whose economy produces the most coal East of the Mississippi River, and 15% of all U.S. fossil fuel. Cause you're unbiased..
2018...2018...2018
2018...2028...2018!!!!!
Please explain why it is the right decision instead of just parroting the party line.  Major companies are for it and they create jobs.
Foreign Nations are going to limit trade with US for this decision. Our economy is only as good as the demand for our exports.
You are unbelievably.  You belong in jail for treason just like your boss.  #traitor
This is a disgrace, siding with decisions like these is proof you put party over the people you represent.
Sure China is ready to be a world leader. You are as delusional as 45.
It is crazy to think otherwise. The whole world is laughing at us even more. #dumpcapito
It's Pittsburgh over Paris 
Sen., look many bots liked your post--ask yourself if the #fakefollowers R4 convincing leg. to put #partyoverpeople.
WV is on earth...so no. As a WV resident, I wish you would quit perpetuating the lie that coal can come back. Market cut jobs not regs
Makes no sense at all. What we do know, is that with a giant baby in the WH, we all need to prepair for a lot of bad weather in the future!
Are you trying to convince us? Or yourself? #shameful #parisclimateagreement
You all sound the same. Did Trump give to the script to say. Guess you are in his pocket and not the people.
Another weak ass comment. If West Virginia workers are unable to adapt to change, they should fall behind. Why reward ignorance?
Idiot
And looks really, really bad on the international stage. One of three countries on earth not in the agreement. Why?
So glad you are all in lock step with your Furher #toady #sad #resistance
No, it isn't.
Time for @SenCapito to lose her seat! Enough with this 18th century ideology! It's 2017 people!
How?  Exactly?
So disgusted and ashamed to have you represent my state.  Your stubborn stupidity is an embarrassment.
If you had actually written this and believed it, then you need a reservation in the same nut house that Trump will end up in, or goal cell.
You are the wrong representative forWV and our economy. Stale ideas stalemate our economy instead of moving us forward w sustainable energy
Are you serious?
Funny that the leaders of business that actually add jobs say ur wrong. But u probably know better cause u also want coal sludge in rivers

Americans clean sweep if the 2018 and 2020 elections bye bye to all Republicans
We stand with our President!!
#WeThePeople will not forget. #Vote2020 Retirement is near!
I don't believe you.
Shelley "NO MOORE". !!  Ignorant thinking
You cannot be serious! This will go down as one of the biggest mistakes in our history! 45 could care less about miners!
OMG- another person who is not looking out for America and our grandchildren.
No, it's the right decision to line your pockets with money. Quit selling #WV out. Bring industry, not shame. Coal is not coming back.
@WhiteHouse @POTUS Really. What kool-aid are u drinking.I'm from PA-coal is not coming back. Why do u try and con poor ex miners?
Oh yeah? Exactly how much money has Big Oil & Coal thrown at you? More like it's the right decision FOR YOU. Selfish.
Very Syrian
You are completely delusional!
You are wrong.  We need to have wider sights than 4 years.  This about all life, not jobs in the finite coal industry. Disappointed
Bullshit. I dont know of any west Virginians who think #ParisAgreement decision was any good for jobs at all. BTW where are jobs he promised
The only thing I can applaud here is her willingness to go down with a sinking ship. But, then; what about her children, grandchildren.
You liars , you are senile like him
Wrong. He brought shame upon our nation today. These terrible policies are bringing us into a Great Regression. Farewell science.
Why don't you do what your constituents want instead of what Putin and Trump want?
Coal is dead. Retrain the people of WV in sustainable energy jobs. There's a future there.
#2020
WV needs jobs but this decision is so short sighted. You know this. Work for jobs that will take WV into the future.
@realDonaldTrump is NOT leader of free world and did not do this to help WV. He did it to unravel REAL PRES OBAMA LEGACY.China will rule now
Are floods good for the WV economy? Tree loss from invasive insects? Fewer days for ski resorts? End of trout fishing? You're wrong.
I respectfully disagree as a weat virginan it is embarrassing after the pollutants we have endured to not have learned lessons God help us
Bullshit.
"America first" then choosing to ignore a tier one threat to American life, not difficult to see the vested interest in fossil fuels here.
Power is a torch true leaders light the way to the future with - Others  choose blindness + swing it harmfully. You fail, but others won't.
Is this a joke? You know we don't have a backup plan for this planet..
I'm with #Trump on this one! Wake up people.. Read about the #milestones of 2023 and 2030. Read the #facts about #depopulation and the plan.
We are proud of you here in WV,  Mrs. Capito.  Keep  up the good work and keep backing the President.
American business  leader dos agree.
Another idiot and/or buffoon.  Our children and their children will pay the price for your idiocy.
Unbelievable: extraction industries clearcut our trees, remove our mountains, poison our rivers, kill our workers and you think this is good
YOU, YOUR CHILDREN AND FUTURE LOOSE
Um. No. It's not. Coal jobs are gone. For good. They aren't coming back. Don't lie to the good people of WV.
Trump filed bankruptcy several time now he is bankrupting our planet.  Problem is there is only one planet
No you're wrong. You put party & personal agenda before 70% of Americans. The planet doesn't revolve around W. Virginia honey!
You've sided with treason. Unbelievable
Not really.  Her dad was the biggest con man to serve as governor.  The apple didn't fall far from the tree.
Good point gal
Are you a sociopath just like your president? Hold a Town Hall. We want to chat with ya sis
You need to leave office if you are unable to understand science and make policies that protect our future.
Economy?? Think about your home! Your kids! Or to pur it in your words: the cost of every natural disaster!!!!!
Maybe actors would've felt differently if the Paris agreement said:due 2environmental reasons only 3 movies/tv shows per year could be made.
Not polluted Nation's eather!Thoe I think Paris deal is just useless peace of paper! Solution have exists for twenty and  not used!
WRONG
#PUPPET
Idiots
Thank you @SenCapito for supporting @POTUS in the exiting of the Paris Accord. This shows you are for protecting US workers & taxpayers!!
Ask a miner whether he wants his kids to work in a mine or fix windmills. A constituent, hopefully for not much longer.
Today's BORDER WALL CONSTRUCTION UPDATE: Miles completed yesterday-- Zero; Miles completed since Inauguration--Zero. NEXT UPDATE TOMORROW.
Insanity
I never realized there were so many ignorant, profit driven, selfish people in DC
So your constituents will now lose health insurance and enjoy a more damaged environment. Who elected you?
Does the #GOP have a form letter tweet you all were instructed to use? What/who are you afraid of? #LiarInChief?
No disrespect but your support of this flawed president is on the wrong side of history! Our earth our children deserve better!
In all fairness to her, she stood by her father so its a lifelong character flaw.
Aren't people supposed to "live and LEARN"?
And puts the final nail in the coffin of the obama legacy. Go Trump!!!
This is how the US officially hands over its title as superpower—by fearing the future and living in the past. #ParisClimateAgreement
You are getting more stupid with every tweet
Save the coal industry.  Destroy the planet.  Seems about right.
BS!
You're right; let's stay in the coal era. We can start paying people in scrip and heading down to the company store next. 
Why people don't see the parallel to the Robber Baron era is beyond me.
You're just as pathetic and selfish as he is... shame on you.
She doesn't care about what happens here.
#turn2018blue
Wrong.
No.
No, wake up put a solar business in your district. How are u going to cover your lung disease with no healthcare?
She has made it clear that she doesn't care about the people who live here.
Yes.  He will re-negotiate better deal 4 U.S. Also what's cost of changing real reasons 4 global warming: orbit/tetonic shifts/sea currents?
beep bop boop..... bot
Why R U calling me a BOT?  because you disagree with my assertions which R based in what liberals keep screaming SCIENCE? Deal is bad period
No it's not kiss ass
Have you no sense whatsoever? Clean energy creates an infinitely higher amount of jobs
Shame on you! Shame! Shame! This is about clean energy jobs! Future of our planet! Our children! Clean air/water! You sold us out again!
It's not going to impact what we're already doing towards that much tbh
Shelley.  How many jobs has DT created for the dying coal industry?   I suspect not one.  Coal is dead you must look to the future
Technology has and will reduce the workforce in mining.  Never mind the price of natural gas
SURE OK WHATEVER..now stop the bullshit!!!
