You never should have voted to confirm her in the first place. You let the hard working people of #WestVirginia down... #StudentDebtCrisis
Not sure I understand how @BetsyDeVosED is to blame for our WV Dept. of Admin's failure to submit the required audit three straight years.
Nevertheless, I'm hopeful @usedgov will agree to hold WV Higher Ed harmless for this inexplicable bureaucratic failure.
She has the power to overide a minor technical error on a form. You have been in office for years, use our oversight powers fix issues.
We're not talking about a minor math error, but a failure to submit a timely audit 3 straight years after a clear warning.
@Sen_JoeManchin letter refers to minor technical errors. Put #WestVirginian students ahead of @BetsyDeVosED and her #ALEC cronies.
Try not submitting required docs to the Feds 3X & see how Charles Town makes out. I hope we receive forgiveness, but Gov. needs to explain.
Where was LOCEA?
Last week you said: you came to Washington to help, not hurt. Voting for the BCRA today will harm hundreds of thousands of WV'ians. Vote No
SHE LIES!!
Maybe next election results will be better heard!
In 2020, this will not be forgotten.
In 2018 either, I hope. All available removals of these Saboteurs of Democracy & our people of less than elite status.
My hope is to remove Manchin in 2018 and take her out in 2020.
Can Manchin be used to help remove the GOP b4 being replaced, since he is near GOP anyway?
He would find a way to side with them.
You voted for her. Maybe don't vote for someone who CLEARLY doesn't care about education? Maybe don't vote for someone with NO experience?
Repel  the ACA  !!    Or we the people will elect someone who will.
It would be a departure for her, but who knows? BTW, sorry our pres is a child and threatens you. Thx for your no vote!
I can't tell you how many times You were called asking you to vote no on DeVos, don't act like you didn't see this coming.
The number of people who begged you not to vote for her are all chanting "Told you so". She's only here to fill her own pockets, like you.
You make joke! 
How not real funny. 
You screwed your state. 
Worth it?
Yes, 'hope,' as though we'll forget you voted for DeVos's confirmation.
"Bureaucratic technicalities", like you did w/healthcare? How many times must it take to get the msg? Murkowski/Collins, women who get it!
Be so glad when your out @SenCapito and @BetsyDeVosED ...God won't have pitty on you. I take comfort in that.
You voted for her. Like you give a damn about the needs of West Virginians.
So hope is what senators do now ? Umm I hope when I take their healthcare they won't die   I hope they will forget I'm a sellout
old Betsy is a disgrace to education & is totally unqualified for her her job. Money got her the job #gop
Why aren't you willing to lay down in the bed you made? You put her in office - this is on you. Own up.
Too BAD you put your PARTY ahead of the PEOPLE of WV over ACA.  Wait 'til your voters finally see what you did. To quote YOUR boss, "SAD."
hello dear
Seriously?  Looks  like a snake, bites like a snake.   She's what you voted for so no surprise.  Your talk and walk don't align .  Sorry
You confirmed her.  Do your homework and start putting your constituents first and not political parties.
Same for healthcare ma'am? Asking for WV?
Why should she, or anyone? You obviously don't put the needs of WV ahead of partisan hacks.
you should do the same in healthcare.
If you were concerned with putting the best interest of WV students first you wouldn't have voted for DeVos.
Hope that I win the lottery too, but I'm not planning on it.  Still, I have better chance of getting my wish than you.
Exactly who do you work for, Ms Capito? If money weren't part of the equation, would you support this morally bankrupt charlatan? Come clean
Betsy doesn't care about West Virginians, but again you don't either

What a joke
You expect a lot from someone who has never set foot in the type of classroom that 90% of US children experience
She won't.
Betsy was born to the right father and married the right man. Those are her only qualifications for anything.
I think that question was settled in her hearings.  Should have voted no.
Why do you care? You just chose rich donors over the majority of your state. Your words are meaningless!
Hoped you would put the needs of WVians above party.  Looks like we both will be disappointed.
Why should she?!
You just sold out your own constituency!
Coward!
It feels as if you failed to put the needs of WV first in your vote today.
You know this is bullcrap. You know it deep down inside that this is a mistake. You are only concerned w your job. Its over. You are Done
Hope @SenCapito will put the healthcare needs of WV citizens above bureaucratic shenanigans— What? Really? Never mind...
Hope is not enough, Senator.

MAKE her.
She won't and YOU enabled her.
You voted for her. I'm confident she'll care about West Virginians every bit as much as you do.
Senator I think you need to change your parties. You are becoming more a progressive/socialist everyday. @HoppyKercheval @WVMetroNews
#CapitoLiesLiesWillContinueToLie
Disappointed today
Of course DeVos will put party over country.. Y'all have.. shame on you..
You simple ass
Your blind party loyalty is gross. You don't care about WV.
DeVos is not for students,  just $$$$
You put an end to healthcare for many West Virginians for bureaucratic reasons. That is the pot calling the kettle black.
Why would you expect her to something YOU yourself were unable to do today?  Kinda hypocritical of you!
You are both despicable people that are only out for yourself.  Your healthcare vote proves that. You and Betsy are screwing the people over
You know DeVos does not put students first. It's disingenous for you to "hope" she will. You do not have WV's back.
I hoped you would have voted no to Betsy but yet here we are ...
More empty "hopes" backed up by a politician's cowardice- a decent person doesn't throw a match in a barn and hope nothing catches fire.
shame on you
Betsy Devon will never put student needs above the rich students or her own needs. They are paramount to her.
While you're at it.....get govt out of education too!!!!
Fuck off
Betsy DeDevos???  Really. You are so out of touch here!  Maybe you need to live in the small towns you represent!
Yeah! States are used to being incompetent without reproach. How dare you uphold a standard. Its your fault people will loose services?
Hope you will put the needs of WV ahead of #trumpcarekills or live with the catastrophic consequences
Why should she?  You don't.
Sending them all to private school?
Really like YOU have put your constituents & fellow Americans FIRST See how u kn sleep tonite Oh  wait you can piece of 

Devos is a vile evilcocooned in wealth/privilege who cares nothing aboutor their needs especially the poor, disadvantaged oror.
She bought herself that job. She is not qualified to do it. And you guys rubber stamped her anyway. So you own it now. All the destruction
oh, good god. You must be joking.
Of course she won't. She is soulless, like you. #YourLastTerm
She won't
Stuff it because u damn sure didnt put WV healthcare needs first. TRAITOR!
Replace capito
You clearly put your GOP agenda above your promises to your people. Stop pointing fingers. You've no room to talk. @BetsyDeVosED
Liar.
Too bad you didn't put the needs of your state above your party politics 
Shut up Shelley everyone is sick of your fake take a stand bullshit.  You didn't care about WV students with your Healthcare vote.  #coward
My Friend Tina speaks for me today :_( 
SaveMeCapito. Save my son. Save Mercer County and our Healthcare .
Like you are putting the needs of WVians by voting party over people. Liar liar pants on fire. You don't represent the people. #sellout
Try putting the need of your constituents above party first.
We are a Country not just 1 state.
Why do you only talk about WV
No one who undermines public education in America, such as Betsy DeVos does, puts W. VA students first. Privatizing education is abt $$.
That is why we asked you to vote NO on DeVos. Please don't make the same mistake again. Vote NO today!
Really?
And hope YOU put the needs of WV's most at risk ahead of same. Vote NO on repeal today.
You COULD have voted NO! This person is highly UNQUALIFIED and is / will make billions by privatizing OUR education system-how could you?
Also hope youll put the needs of WVians to have access to healthcare over party loyalty and predidential bullying
Find the courage and do the right thing. Vote no
Will you do the same for healthcare?
Hope u will put the needs of americans above politics and vote no today.  History is watching you
I hope you think of those SAME kiddos when u vote on #BRCA MTP.
And hope YOU will put needs of WV residents above partisan repeal of ACA and vote NO!
Hope @SenCapito will put the needs of WVians above tax breaks for the 2%. Vote no to repeal the ACA!
Cant help folks while bankrupting thier future with high taxes poor Gov controlled healthcare and education. Venezuela is case in point.
You voted to confirm her after both public and higher education professionals warned you. You are the cause not the cure
She won't read it.  I don't think that she reads anything.   She's just running her playbook.
Vote no on MTP and Trumpcare!
Don't be bullied or intimidated
Your heart already knows the right answer
Don't do it
You have the power to change many lives for the worse
Your voice is critical at this moment
Those are the same students that need you to vote no on MTP. Save their health care and #FixACA #VoteNoMTP
#SaveACA #ProtectOurCare
Vote NO on the mystery bill. Those same students deserve quality, affordable health insurance so they can access healthcare.
How about we take out the insurance part and provide healthcare to everyone!
Vote NO today on the Motion to Proceed. "Skinny" BCRA Trumpcare is still deadly to your West-by-God-Virginia voters:
I'm as interested in reading your letter to her about as much interest as you show is paying attention to my tweets
Are you regretting have approved her appointment? You knew she isnt qualified, and doesnt care to help middle-class or lower-income students
Capito, whatever Trump promised for in the future, remember how he is treating Sessions, his MOST loyal supporter. Don't Trust him! VOTE NO!
Please continue to stand firm by voting "no" to repeal and replace.
Why did you vote for her confirmation?
Sis had to say yes to Trump. Hopefully, she won't make the same mistake with this disastrous health care bill. Listen to your ppl not Trump!
You should put the needs of WV  1st by voting NO in this procedural  vote.
I hope you put the needs of WV and other Americans above political rhetoric and vote NO today on healthcare.
She won't- she can't read
U REALLY WANT TO GO DOWN W A GUY INVOLVED W MONEYLAUNDERING RICO SEX TRAFFICKING &CONSPIRACY?
I hope you will put your liberal views aside and vote yes to health care today.Why should @realDonaldTrump help you . U don't help them



Why should she Shelley? Why would anyone in the Trump administration or a current Republican work from a point of helping Americans? WWTD?
WWTD? What would Trump do? The most greedy unamerican act possible. The beginning of America last. Who doesn't laugh at us? We stand for 0.
Just as you will put the needs of your constituents over the millionaires who want tax cuts, right? Vote NO on ACA repeal today, please!!

Most  nurses and doctors are against cutting Medicaid please consider their wisdom and vote no on consideration of the house bill
think of the children who rely on Medicaid vote no to cuts on Medicaid
we didn't vote for u to close planned parenthood or cut Medicaid please protect us and vote NO today Please
Hope you do the same and protect WVins healthcare today instead of party lines
This will not be on @BetsyDeVos . Asking for paperwork on time is not that hard.
Well Captio that's what happens when you put someone into power that your state voters tried to get you to vote no on. You're vote hurt
I hope you will put the needs of West Virginians above all else today.
Will you do the same for WV and all citizens and stand against this joke of a healthcare vote?

Please remind those who don't understand, #BCRA denies access. Junk policies or unaffordable pre-ex pools = no access, no chemo, radiation. 
History will not look favorably upon this chapter of our country.  Now is your chance to do the right thing for your people.  Vote NO!
Hope isn't going to cut it.  You need to actually vote with the people.  VOTE NO today.  STAND WITH US or stand with PAC's and the 1%.
Awful process. Awful bill. Today's the day you were elected for - to  ignore the KOCH/PAC $$ and STAND WITH US. It's pass or fail. VOTE NO!
Like you are putting the needs of 166,000 WV children on Medicaid first ?
Will you put WVers' health needs first today? #ProtectOurCare #NoOnMTP #SaveMedicaid #FixACA
Please protect your constituents healthcare in WV and vote no.  We need you back at home to protect us
Thank you! Now PLEASE do a similar letter...message...vote(!) to try to protect healthcare for all West Virginians!
You should be a democrat
And we hope you'll put Americans' lives above the @POTUS's need for a political victory. Pls, @SenCapito, VOTE NO TODAY! #countrybeforeparty
You are a terrible person
Sorry to say you knew her agenda when you voted to confirm her. But you CAN help WV by voting no today and saving health care!
Why didn't you listen to your people? Why didn't you listen to teachers?
Hope YOU will put the needs of your constituents over your pocketbook by not repealing Obamacare.
Looks like you have some voter's remorse, Senator. Your constituents tried to tell you!
And hope you vote not to strip HC from a lot of your constituents
You voted for her. So, thx for that. Meanwhile, we hope U will put the needs of WV's working families above the squeeze from @SenateMajLdr.
Today is when you get to deploy your oft stated disagreement with ALL of the TrumpCares. U get to do the right thing & protect your people.
Remember when you said this? NOTHING has changed.
MORE: I will only vote to proceed to repeal legislation if I am confident there is a replacement plan that addresses my concerns.
Here's your promises in case you forgot.
Hope you will put the needs of your state citizens above mindless Republican party solidarity #voteNoTrumpcare
Need to get unions out of education
We hope that you vote NO today to save MILLIONS of lives! Keep your PROMISE! TY!
Hope you repeal Obamacare do what you promised please and I hope Betsy does right for w Va
If we keep doing the same old things we will keep getting the same old results. WV school kids ARE left behind
You have great health care. Do not vote to take ours away. Vote NO! #NOMTP
I hope you will put the health of American children above party today.  Vote NO on the MTP!   #KILLTHEBILL
vote no on ACA
You voted for her. Not only does she not care about poor, WV students, she also doesn't care about sexual assault. Good job @SenCapito. 
Hope you are planning to vote against Trump's attempt to take away health care. Many WV vets are counting on you along with WV workers.
Funny how you could have prevented her being confirmed.
Repeal and replace today! Stand with our President and fulfill your campaign promises!

I hope @SenCapito remembers as she watches Trump make this vile speech to Boy Scouts that 166,000 West Virginia children are on Medicaid. https://twitter.com/mrdanzak/status/889617053447008256 …
I hope all you folks in WV pleading with @SenCapito not to repeal the #ACA also CALLED her. I'm not in WV. My calls don't help.
Hope you stand up for WVA's vets, suck, elderly & poor today and vote no on MTP. Will do West Virginia and country good.
Do the right thing and vote NO!!!!! #VoteNo  #SAVEACA
Donald has no real political power anymore he's just a man child pitching a fit do you really want to be on the side of a man baby.
She won't. She is using her bought & paid for job to establish a theocracy in America & destroy our public education system to do so.
Vote no on wealthcare do not devastate our economy which is what this will do trump and these bills are historically unpopular.
You should do the same when it comes to healthcare! Dont be a dork! This isnt a game, people will die!
Vote no on the MTP. For your constituents and all Americans.
You want government funded
Health Care government to
Pay your education air 
Port contracts and you
Call yourself a republican
TRUMP TRAIN!!
Please don't hurt people today!   Vote no on the MTP on healthcare!  Let's do it over together and better!
You better vote NO today.
She won't and McConnell won't put the needs of children first either. Vote no on MTP.
DeVos is a joke. #fakechristians shoving their religious BS down r throats. & we will not be saying merry Christmas this or any other year.
Maybe your party doesn't care about the people of WV? DeVos' intentions were clear, yet you voted for her.
A stronger stance would have been a no vote on Devos @SenCapito.
Preach.
I don't believe you entered politics to hurt people. I read about your family & your history in WV. Praying you'll vote no on MTP.
Never mind that. Vote NO later today
‘It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends’  (J.K. Rowling)
Put the needs of WV and the US first and vote no on this sham of healthcare Bill
#CapitoLIEDLiesWillContinueToLie
Hope you do the same today with your vote against MTP. Do you know what you'd be voting on?
Please don't repeal HC
You voted her in. This is your bed.
Let's hope you put the Medicaid needs of the citizens of West Virginia above all else today. Vote NO on the motion to proceed.
DeVos is just one example of what happens when you appoint people who will deconstruct agencies meant to serve and protect citizens.
Hope you have same concern for healthcare vote...do not support this despicable process and truly awful bill. You know you can't defend it.
Hope you will put the needs of WV students above your party loyalty today and vote NO on healthcare. So harmful to WV children.
Betsy DeVos doesn't care about poor,  middle class people or education and you republicans approved her... shameful
Hope you will put the needs of WVians and vote against MTP today
Vote YES on ACA/Obamacare REPEAL! It's why you were elected! It what's the GOP ran on for years! Follow through!
Do you know how a lot of school services in WV are funded?  Medicaid #JustVoteNo #KillTheBill #DoctorsSpeakOut
She doesn't care because the Koch brothers told her not to be.
Please please vote no today. Stop this insanity. You didn't go to Washington to hurt people.
I hope you put the health care needs above the GOP/Trump need for a W. vote no on MTP
Today you hold the future of millions in your hands, lets worry about Betsy DeVos after we DONT take healthcare from millions of people
You voted for her!!!!!!!!
I hope you put needs of WV above party
Thank you for that, but please don't vote to take away our healthcare. Many of our students depend on that as well.
hope you will put needs of wv before ego of #putinPuppet.  vote no on motion to proceed.  proper healthcare reform requires regular order
You voted for her, good luck!?.
As I remember correctly, you voted for DeVos, despite her plans to harm public education. She is unqualified and on a Christian mission.
Public education in WV is a damn joke. Do something different
