"Tax reform" aka screwing everyone not in the 1%
Capito approval is low: MetroNews West Virginia Poll evaluates approval http://wvmetronews.com/2017/08/31/justice-trump-capito-and-manchin-metronews-west-virginia-poll-evaluates-approval/#.WagswQr1JQY.twitter …
How phoney is this.
Tax reform for the wealthiest Americans    what are you doing for the people of West Virginia?
Oppose Brian Benczkowski - no way this guy w/ Russian connections should be taking Mueller's old job in the F.B.I.
Deplorables.
Pence is Trump's translator.   Trump LIES, Pence knows it's a LIE but try's to spin the LIE.    Not how a good Christian should act.
Careful Shelley, Mother is not gonna like this one bit.

Is he alone with a woman? I'm telling Jesus....
These comments got me 
Please do not sell out to 45 and henchmen.   You're better than that Senator
No. She's not.
30 Silver Coins to you!  You may place one in each of the holes where the auctioned bits of your soul once sat. God loathes you, Told me so.
Uh oh, don't tell mother! Is she hiding somewhere in the car? I thought he wasn't allowed to be alone with a scary woman without his mommy.
Deliver tax reform Shelley!!! Or we will not support u!
Ugh
that reminds me. it's garbage day.
He is a liar and a total whack job. Capito has got to go
You should be ashamed. But you can't hide the glee.
Boy are you a sell out. Such a shame
@VP...what would mother say about you being so close to a woman?
I bet the "Appalachian Storage Hub" is a fancy name for dumping  toxic waste from other states in our streams and rivers!   #CapitoMustGo
First I ever heard of an Appalachian storage hub but what else is new ,btw Huntington is getting a centralized WI-FI you might check it out
just a quick reminder to keep all babies with candy away from these very fine..... we'll call them "people". 
Does Mother know you're sitting that close to another female? 
It doesn't count because he had his fingers crossed. 
Wow, Senator, you are brave or maybe just complicit.
We don't want the hub. Period. We're sick of paying the costs so other people can benefit.
You can't represent me if you support Mike ( pray away the gay) pence
Nothing like sucking up to the administration that's selling WV down the river. #voteherout
Ewwww
Yea for VP Mike Pence!
Disgusting
@WVAChamber is just an extension of the GOP.
#Capito are you selling out to the devil and his cohort
Good start working with President Trump and get it done. Thank you.
Waiting for that primary!
Glad the photographer was there to chaperone... you two look a little too chummy for mommy...
Support tax reform
She's got the lean in working for her as he appears dazed confused or tipsy
She's sitting awfully close to him, isn't she Mother...
Was mother around to babysit Miley?
What will mother think of you sitting so close?
I have no respect for this lying and Trump-defending VP, and sadly Senator no respect for your cozying up to either. Neither cares for WV.
Is this allowed
Geez, shocked @VP could be with you alone
He sat by a woman other than "mother"?  Hoot
Shelley watch out now he'll take your rights away in a heartbeat
I wonder if you plan on supporting @KamalaHarris and @SenSanders Mediacare bill. With you being a supporter of  expanding the program
Keep better company girl
Alone? Sitting much too close and looking o provocative
How many in WV make $600,000 to get a tax cut?  How many in WV will pay as much or more taxes as safety nets are cut to benefit the rich?

Mother does not like how close you are to him.
...like his wife, I suspected @vp was a womanizer, but you, you @SenCapito disappoint!

 I hope you get what you want, you, you homewrecker!

REALLY discussed giving more government welfare to the wealthy & corporations while @GOP Congress starve the poor children and elderly
Does Mother know about this?
Holy shitballs, is that @VP in the backseat of car alone with a "woman"????
Appalachian storage hub?    ...    ..    Kooky.
Yuck...is his wife there...she doesn't like him to be alone with other women...
Repeal Obamacare liar!
Looking good SMC!
Did you discuss @POTUS and the job he's doing polarizing the #USA? How there are #manysides to #Nazis? How Secret Service is out of money?
Great pose. When Houston is struggling. Sad Human being.
U LOOK SO HAPPY N RICH!
SURE M HAPPY UR TAX CUTS WILL BENEFIT THE WORKING POOR!
LIKE BRINGING BK R PENSIONS? 
& TAXIN 1% HIGHER THAN WAGES2?
Where' s mother?
I prefer to think he calls her "mommy". 
I'm sorry, did you say something, Liar?
How embarassing for you
Wait a minute..are you alone...in a car...with @VP?  First time I'm glad to see he lied.
@VP is a disaster so... 
FYI, it's not a source of pride to be seen with a bigoted corrupt misogynist.
Why isn't your name on this letter?! Do you support white supremacists?!??  #HR496
https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/899275024871436288 …
#Censure #CensureTrump
Democratic Senators are asking DHS why the Trump administration repeatedly de-emphasizes domestic terror attacks. 
