Kind of a glaring example why ALL people need healthcare. Everyone is vulnerable. Think about it @GOP.
As he's on tv right now babbling  lies and demanding repeal   He used Arizona as example. This is why. It's not Obamacare fault
Since we can see, based on his actions, #45 has no compassion. Obama attempted to provide coverage not to score pts. He cared about humans.
??? My neighbor got on the roof and "attempted" to fly. He's now got two broken legs. After paying exorbitant premiums, he can't afford the exorbitant deductible. "Caring" is for kittens. America needs a leader. [from the *front*]
Not sue what state you’re referring to but is not one with an exchange. I’d like to know what your idea of “exorbitant “ is   But the Guy would still get treated and passed on to rest of us
If you have to ask what “exorbitant” is, albeit a relative term, you can obviously afford it. Good on y’all. As a reminder, in states with “exchanges”, he *still* couldn’t afford it, everyone else had to. It’s amazing how Social Security is always going broke bet never Welfare.
SS isn’t going broke
That wasn’t the point. In actuality there’s no S.S. “Fund”. There are, of course. Proverbial I.O.U.’s. Perhaps you should re-read it?
Glad to see all united for Sen. McCain.
Don’t speak for me. Only the CORRUPT ARE FOR HIM.
Much respect for McCain. Don't agree much but I respect, appreciate and honor his service and tenacity. Patriot. Praying for Mav and Fam
Goodbye 
A President with some class, something this country sorely misses right now
its classy to cheat now
Has more class then trump has ever shown...so he got a blowjob..get over it...
He got a blow job, lied about it, totally destroyed the girl to a point she had to go into hiding. 

Just thought I would finish the story for you.

The only class any clinton has is the one that's above the law.
Good thing he has insurance, Current POTUS eliminates medical options for millions of Americans
Pedophile
He's done. Counted out. Bye bye.
The both of you are a disgrace to this great nation.
Yeah, don't bet against him because he's already behind you poised with a knife to stab you right in the back. Did it in Vietnam, he's done it time and again as a "conservative." He's a lying snake. Karma caught up to him though.
I just hope he lives long enough to face his part in govt corruption and the #FakeNews dossier. Then die like the traitor he is
There is no swift recovery with a GBM. Your life is measured in months, not years. Why such ignorance? By everyone? Cancer doesn't care that it's John Mccain or Teddy Kennedy.
He's already recovered and has shown his true color.  He's a dang Damocrat like you are.
As he’s shown his entire life, don’t bet against John McCain. Best wishes to him for a swift recovery.
dont know his specifics, but Glioblastoma is incurable.
Agreed.

He is one tough sunofabich.
Thanks for demonstrating that @SenJohnMcCain was always in your pocket.
Told John to use over-the-counter Paul Stamets "My Community" mushrooms.   After chemo.  They do work, I used them plus radiation.
he's tough, my uncle  had the same thing, refused treatment, he lasted a surprisingly long time at home.
You'd bet against him in the game of politics though, same as life
Bill we still need your help

I'm all for the vets,
@eaglesfanjoe_sr

PLEASE! I beg of you! You're influencing my vote! 
Also as he's shown his entire life, betting on him is a losing wager
Unless he's running against a non-US citizen, junior Senator from Illinois who beat your wife in the 2008 Democratic Primaries...

#MAGA

He's one hell of a democrat  #DrainTheSewer
I hate to say it but I could care less what happens to McCain. Better of without him. #deathpanel 
John isn't enrolled in Obamacare. He's exempt.
Saw an old speech you gave while running for President and you said loud and clear "Let's make America Great Again".  Do u remember that ?
Is this 1 of ur wild fantasies..

Nice work if you can get it



I CANT BELEVE A BIT*H LIKE YOU CHETED ON UR WIFE WITH A SEX DEN
Bill, "The Lord rebuke you", in Jesus name, amen.
Jehovah Rapha - The LORD is our Healer!!
#Politico_76 quella spalla dx...... by P.
Guess warped globalists stick together - too bad you were both complicit in abandoning POWs from the war you dodged
Giving attention to China human right can win you and your party millions of supports. China is the last of human rights place to develop.
I missed you and your dsy
I missed you and your day
Rapist
Haitian People asking Where's their money, Foundation.....
(Alttaki fotoğrafı çekmek için 45 dakika zaman harcadım @dickc"12 saat önce" notunu çıkaramadım)
ÇOK GÜZEL HAREKETLER BUNLAR @billclinton

Системы вентиляции, Системы кондиционирования, Кондиционеры, сплит система, Воздуховоды, вентиляция, Вентиляторы http://www.stroyip.ru/goods/212 
Well there it goes. My vote is officially influenced.
John McCain somewhat  picked country over party. But he's at his last few years. Hopefully he has a change of heart all the way.
Gönderdiğim son şiirden sonra Müslüman olduğunu düşünüp, yönelişi durdurmak için SAVAŞ hazırlıkları varmış
https://twitter.com/M_Mesut_M/status/892214383279038464 …
@USArmy
Yeah, while he runs off to the Mayo clinic for treatments. Bet ALL of our vets can't go to Mayo for treatment...
His cancer will kill him
#AntiZionist #ChristopherBollyn http://www.bollyn.com/   RE: #WTC911 #WarOnTerror #Zionism #Neocons #WMDs #War Etc!
Hey çocuk.. Bak; babandan mektup var.
I respected you as POTUS. You had a feel for the People. Now I think u r a con. You sold us out to China, n Russia. So, so disappointed in u
I miss you as Potus and the 1990s! All my best Mr. President
good stuff! thanks for showing those with opposing views can get along.
"I had no sexual relations with those women"
Mr. President. Did you try to Bribe Nawaz Sharif $5b To Stop Pakistan From Atomic Tests in 1998. Nawaz Sharif is Publically saying it. Deny?
You made all those laws to lock up black men but yet you got a black son? Bruhhhhhhh.



He showed some true courage
Nawaz Sharif claims that You Offered Him $5Bn for himself if he avoids Atomic Tests in Oct 1998. Could you Bribe a PM in Persom Mr. Clinton?
Dear @billclinton, former PM Pakistan claimed that you offered $5billion to him personally to stop nuclear test by Pakistan. Confirm pls?
We want your take??? Can you file a case against this man if he is telling a lie otherwise u people are very mean and hypocrites!!!
@billclinton Sir, Nawaz Sharif ex (PM Pakistan) has claimed u offered him 5 billion USD to stop nuclear tests.  Please Clarify.
Sir you should respond about Nawaz Sharif Allegation that you had offered him 5 billion dollars on stop Nuclear Attacks
Dear Sir, former PM Pakistan claimed that you offered $5billion to him personally to stop nuclear test by Pakistan. Confirm pls?
Dear @billclinton, former PM Pakistan claimed that you offered $5billion to him personally to stop nuclear test by Pakistan. Confirm pls?
Dear @billclinton, former PM Pakistan claimed that you offered $5billion to him personally to stop nuclear test by Pakistan. Confirm pls?
Love you man..
Good for you
Thanks cousin. ;-) Cassidy clan. My grandfather was Patrick J Cassidy the publican. I wish you had gotten to meet him. He was a great man.
May McCain burn in hell where all traitors of the American people belong

[월드피플]<무슨 일이 일어났나>출간 앞둔 클린턴, ＂솔직하게 털어놓겠다＂ (출처 : 경향신문 | 네이버 뉴스) http://naver.me/xJHSdKuh 
Why because he has the insurance to help his ass that he will vote to take way from millions of other? No thank you
Oh yes, and wish him well.
Do the bimbos you're dicking at home know there's a 50/50 chance they'll catch whatever it is that you have?
Mr. Former President sir, please do the DANA test so if @danney_williams is your son or not, he can shut up about it.

Why do you support a war monger? Are you a war monger as well?
We must take responsibility for our failures If not we teaching the young generation to blame some1 else for failed jobs,failed marriage etc
What then would be the title of the next book if she doesn't win the next election? We must be careful of who will blame for our failures
Thank you Mr. President. I couldn't agree more. A true respected Hero across all isles. Get well soon John McCain. A truly honorable man!
Hope he can join you in prison Willie
Yes poor man ..im an Artist if you like Art ..x
He's also shown that birds of a feather vote together.
Why don't you acknowledge you have a son!
Bill Clinton is a Rapist
John McCain = Fraudulent RINO, "I ain't no Senator's son. John Fogerty
Do you think 45 is mentally unstable.  To me he appears to be CooCoo.  Very vindictive against all Dems and ZERO good ideas for America.
You gotta get her to speak up

오바마 속임수(Obama Deception) 2009 다큐(HD)-일루미나티, 월스트리트, 군산복합체, 빌더버그의 하수인이 된 미... https://youtu.be/-ycNwKCP-RY  @YouTube 님이 공유
Thanks Slick. You're a classy guy!
we.
Right on, Mr. President!  @JohnMcCainDaily @JohnMcCain @johnmccain2016 is one of the most honorable people this nation has ever produced!
Your not in jail yet. You should pack your bags
dude, he has terminal brain cancer. what do you mean fast recovery? anyways, good ridden. except few mericans, no one is going to miss him.
superUSAmust be strong u r still the leader of the world, have to be! Dont believe fake news also about Poland Soros&Tusk makes Astrourfing!
yes,life for young
