Thanks Mr Clinton. Now we are being attacked by Spanish government and their fascist armed forces. Terror is intended to be back.
#Hey bill... Justice is... coming
DO YOU KNOW WHAT IS FAGES CONTROL OF MEXICO PLEASE QUIET THE @FiscaliaPuebla
my potus
Hillary you are very right a 100%  #OMG, Bill Clinton your POTUS as well as very many Americans who still believe in H.E B.Clinton & Obama
B #y pp yes BPl
Not only Barcelona or Paris WE shall do something for Myanmar muslims who are killed by budists !! Please share and help please!!!
Standing with and grieving for the people of Barcelona in the wake of this despicable terror attack.
Are you sorry though?
God bless America .... Mr.P .  My name is Bakhtyar ..and I am from Kurdistan  Region Of Iraq ..
Is there anybody out there who can stop this snowball to hell that we are all on?
are you high
Help to ARAKAN !!! At least share please!!
..and I want your opinion of the referendum in Kurdistan .. many thanks to you sir
If only you had killed Bin Laden a decade sooner....
Miss they day we had a rational leader in the oval office ..mr Clinton I would vote you in as pres 1000 more times
Rapist
What about the government police attack against peaceful citizens during the #CatalanReferedendum ?
We miss you, Bill!!!
Missing your wife Hillary should be our President. Our Democracy is in trouble. Gulf War Veteran.
Thank you, Harry. Me, too :( Thanks for your service.
Welcome worried for my country.
Hi Bill & Hillary Clinton we Pray U guys are doing Well?  Pat and Curtis Helms!
thats amazzing https://goo.gl/14Bjq2 
@billclinton @joan_lia
Thank you so much for caring anout goodness, and life, You and Andrew Jackson, are too far and few between, and.Hillary, Is my queen, !
How about standing against the want to be nazi Dictator we need help and guidance
Myself as well . Wishing we could all get along. The future depends on tolerance, Not violence .
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hYZIODJ999s …
Had you governed better, might not have happened - think!
I would love to send you a box of Lamborghini Cigars.
How is Mordecai going?
How can you stand when you couldn't keep awake for your wife's debates?
Go fly with your mate Lolita 
agreed
Obama, and Soros... an evil pair.  Your wife joined this couple, to doom America, does it matter to you?  Oppose them, BE A HERO BILL.
POTUS YOU MUST STEP UP NOW! WE CANNOT GO ON LIVING LIKE THIS! DO SOMETHING AND GET RID OF THE CRAZYMAN IN THE @WhiteHouse! PLZ PLZ PLZ
Sir y nt to stand with Pakistan as we daily face the situations n even many from ur side
Get a blow job today?
Good point Bill so lets get rid of Maria Nadal
YOU KILLED PEOPLE OF WACO AND DEADCATED A MONUMENT TO AL QUITA
我孙笑川实名制操你妈
More crocodile tears from the Clinton's. Stop with the BS WJC
Me,Ms.Tricia Spring Robinson's"Everything Clean Act"! From now on, there will be very clean water,soap,liquid tissue,food,med's for us all!
We are terrorizing our selves,by keeping quiet about, "Our very own",terrorism where all psycho maniac criminals will be fired & locked up !
Baracks disaster. BlackDemonAct,EconomicalDestruction's 3&4 ! My Congressional Committee notes of "American terrorism" !
I,will,putastoptothis,DespoticEraPsycoManiacswhohasbeen,spitting,ejaculating,puttingallcommoditiestotheirverydiseased feeling private parts!
Send them some money from your foun-day-shun.  Then have a good cigar and you'll feel better!
thank you kosove republic free
Me too! We need to keep praying so it doesn't happen again.
To prawda
Please tell your wife that we love her !!!  The caring people of the world that was behind her, voted for her and are very proud of her !!
Dad don't forget your child. Being the God n Cŕeator of your country I'm fed up with this darkest country Bangladesh. Take me back home.
Why didn't you think about abolishing capital punishment in Arkansas while you were practicing law ex-Governor? Is the economy fixed yet? 
How much did this speech cost US? Why should I be forced to pay for drug to be illegal? Where's Friedman's Negative Income Tax? Answers now
You are a great caring person and was a wonderful President. Wish you and Hilary could come back.
It's sad to see how people use religion as an excuse for their mental state of mind. Terrorism is wrong and should not be tolerated.
@billclinton plz may we have a #follow sir thank you #BillClinton
Sad
@KRLS @raulromeva as you once said, the future will be Catalan or will be taliban. Those words are stronger than ever.
Happy Birthday
What are your thoughts on eastern, central and south Eastern Europe and how the nations shall shape themselves in the next decade
Me too
"Now I want to say something to the American people and I want you to listen to me"
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KiIP_KDQmXs …
By twitter. Acxount going to be erased sooner as possible
I am a nice  well how about no more for free for wealthy,
Russia rigged the potus election and still in office, all on government access  of analog 
not a registered to vote, the electoral states are stocked
Bill did i not thru McGruff and you to North Korea in 2008 and hostages negois
Trimp and daughter sleeze vonka wont leave me alone as rest of fam
Nbc news just showed the white house and where is the dome and a flat roof
All is somewhere safe333, felt dirty of a disgrace so cleared tweets
Nay to trimp proposal, he wants a wall build it on America's side and pay yourself for and dig out and separate from pacific to gulf, agua
Mexico and a border wall, trump words of mexico is going to build a wall along mexican border on mexico's border side and pay expense
Revenge from the nay to the mexican border wall and spain influence besides myself
lol u were impeached

Solidarity against All terrorism Foreign and Domestic. Silence is acquience. We will be a better people and nation conquering this.
Nice
BILL: YOUR STATUE IS NEXT................YOU ARE A GREAT ROLE MODEL !!!!!!!!
رحم الله الشهداء من المدنيين الأبرياء وشفى المصابين وصبر أهاليهم على المصاب الأليم .دأمين
Killing innocent people in the name of anything cannot be justified. Terror must stop. Humanity must prevail. Life must be lived in peace.
for one to be productive in his nation like u major factors to consider
Happy Birthday President Clinton
Happy blow job Bill.Get Hillary to apply more upper plate adhesive.Tape a popsicle stick under your dick.It'l help keep it up!
Mr. President   what's your thoughts  about Donald Trump
Happy birthday Mr President

Bill clintons a rapist
Happy Birthday....!!
Happy Birthday 
Happy Birthday!
25years ago,
You could get government as couple of dream.
But 
Where is Continuity of Policy after your team fail?

Pull up sunken mouse.
Happy Birthday
Happy bday!

Happy Birthday to the greatest casual second row the Little Rock rugby team has ever fielded- happy birthday Billy Jeff! We love you
Happy Birthday!
Happy Birthday Mr President!
So very sad !!! By the way Happy Birthday to you !!!
Happy Birthday, Mr. President!
Happy Birthday, Bill.
R.I.P. For the Barcelona our condolences so sad :(:(:(:(:(: god bless them and there family in hard time our prayers with there family
Señor ex Presidente México y yo lo queremos #felizcumpleaños
Yes

HAPPY BIRTHDAY!1!1
Dude, you're a rapist. Who cares what you think?
With you Mr. President. And Happy Birthday !
Tells us what happened to all the money your family took from Haiti.
Happy birthday bro
We're pulling your statue down.  No statues of rapists needed.  It's offensive.  The sight of u is nauseating.
Socialist International (SI) is the worldwide organization of social democratic, socialist and labor parties of course associated with BLM
AND STILL NOTHING ABOUT THE 6 POLICE SHOOTING IN OUR OWN COUNTRY. Hypocrite
Praying God will comfort 
Words Matter and mostly in such circonstances Clinton's elevate spirits
Happy Birthday Bill! I hope you have a wonderful day and a wonderful year? 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MR.PRESIDENT
사람으로서 할수없는 망행을 국내법과 사회에 고소 고발 합니다,
여러분에 도움희 피로 합니다,
President Clinton. Condem attack. Spain has great EMS but 90.00% of World do not & needs it. Pls support #OneGlobalEmergencyResponseNetwork
Many more happy returns
Your divine guidance 
  Kosovo made star, 
  Being shining. 
  The moon that laughs 
  Bring us freedom 
  Our people 
  freedom-loving
Happy Birthday Mr. Pres. Kisses. Unknown. Silvio. Italy. Rome
God help Barcelona
I hope you will give Mr Trump a needed hand up.
Sir Bill Clinton, Happy BD.
I am DR.PPP.
I am the Celebrity Guru award winning author of the book
"You are the Celebrity". I wrote about you
Not Charlottesville who were injured?
So sad our world is !!
Why, sir, have you not joined VP Gore in unambiguously calling for the resignation of the madman leading our Democratic Republic to ruin?
You're a #disgusting #rapist. Please remain quiet
