Que bien felicitaciones
Happy Labor day Mr Clinton. Thanks for reminding us today that we used to have great presidents!
A man raping an intern and lying to the entire Nation about it was NOT a great President.
#FactsMatter BOT
You look hard at work, billy 
All workers of iniquities will find their ways in the lake of fire! @BillClinton, you've killed MANY people, and GOD shall do  you the same!
From Hillary's book of excuses "stand by your man!" 
Or kneel by him LOL 
In front
If you remove all Democrats in the Senate from that statement (since none of them have worked in last 9+ months),I agree with your statement
I love how you always beat @realDonaldTrump to all of the important announcements.  Trump simply uses twitter to belittle others.
That's because he was a real President and understands what a President should do each day is acknowledge citizens.

@SonjaMcDaniel94 ma'am plz don't listen to trolls @billclinton was and is way better than what we have now in the whitehouse
Way better than trump highest approval ratings left a booming economy lasted for 2 terms trump ain't coming back in 2020 bill won twice
Add macron to trump pl change bit climate change  russia allow  usa in pay 3 trillon iran deal  eu power n korea  power
America works because of all the men and women we honor today.
#HappyLaborDay
we all Miss You Sir
Every day!  And Mr Obama as well!  We need a caring, intelligent president.. Not what's in the WH now!
Obama lost us billions and refused to stop ISIS and NK before they were problems and Clinton was investigate 40 times by the fbi. Good try.

How many republicans where hung to death by the democrat party when they were aligned with the KKK?
I can go str8 Pro str8 2 da $$$ Chest Hop Blue Scorpion21
You have a great history of being an honorable man, and honoring women right?
http://ThePayz.com/?refer=36928 
NWA 60-0 Tag Champs first year Big $$$ Budlight Coronas take ova Steve the Blue Scorpion 21 LAN
People work to fulfill ur image of civil injustice for the benefit of the elite. I am just one person my story rings true for others.
Bill has no honor
President Clinton, I just watched the road to 9/11 and you had nine chances to get Osama Bin Laden prior to the attacks.  Why didn't you?
we respect you as a president..and a human attitude..tunisia
please save rohenjia
21
Your wife sucks. #NOT BAHAHAHAHAHHA, see what I did there? 
The some men and women you fleeced for so many years.  #MAGA

The children give us the joy to build a more peaceful U.S.A. for them Mr. Clinton.
I like you vey much Hillary is my prisident
Thank you Bill Clinton
I wish you could be our President again. We miss an  you!
That's mighty big of you Bill seeing as you started the downfall of jobs in America...
Thank you all.....
Thank you!
Well said, love you Bill.
You owe Haiti about 1.5 Billion dollars.
Impeached

BILL: Imagine the dreams of a new White House intern...before you made her famous. You destroyed her life--that's "real." https://twitter.com/billclinton/status/905244711371370496 …
what about your Speaking Fees ? Not much to talk about lately?  . We're NOT FORGIVING SHIT  Justice for ALL 
America doesn't work. Are you blind?
more people would be celebrating if you had not allowed their jobs to move to Mexico by signing nafta.
 Mr. Bush signed NAFTA in December 1992,  It was ratified by Congress and signed by Clinton Dec.1993
America will never be destroyed from the outside. If we falter and lose our freedoms, it will be because we destroyed ourselves. – at PUC-SP Campus Monte Alegre
Absulatly right 
Sir
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=699765480208368&id=100005247678032 …
Hh
Hi dear
Hw
Bil Clinton uno de los mejores presidentes de USA
And unfortunately we are left with trailer trash like Trump in the Oval Office because people are stupid
America works because we have to eat and have a roof over our heads. Who would work for the man if they didn't have to?
that leaves my life long Dem Party membership & d #HolySpirit says Galatians 5:17 Scripture fulfilled & I've done-->https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=2%20Peter%201:21&version=TLB …
Dems obtained d @advocatehealth courttrying 2 use my skin color I defeated that by telling truth my supervisor didn't say racist statements
& I wrote ts in my #August2017 misisve 2 U & d chiefofficer w/d DNC!! So Hillary needs 2 know it's GOD's WILL that she lost cuz certn nat.
I don't see why ur wife's now blaming @SenSanders 4 her loss cuz d #HolySpirit has reveled it's d #curse of GOD per Duet. 28:38, Haggai 1:6
You're an evil satanist, go away please
@realDonaldTrump @ChelseaClinton DAD'S ONLY BIOLOGICAL CHILD 911 #YOLO @ParisHilton @KimKardashian @IvankaTrumpHQ 
Totally right
saludos mi amigo americano
Thank-you President Clinton.  I used to work for your friend Mr. James H. Gilliam Jr.  Thanks for all you do,
You have my permission, including your wife to access my "guest" wifi. Follow starwolf and your wife may be the first female president...
@deejay90192 'Honour'
Sir I am Unemployed man.i have no job.i mean u r a mighty man in UAE.give me a job in ur company. pls pls pls sir
Yes Mr Clinton and your corruption is minimal
Sorry, i am a D Trump supporter, but I 've Always liked B Clinton
WISHES

Repent, pedophile!
I agree!
America works only for 1% of people
Merci mon président
Love you, Pres. Clinton!
What about tomorrow and dt??? Oh why can't we impeach this maniac?
We are working because of the great job you did turning around the worst economy since The Depression while you were President! Thanks!
???  Signed Gramm-Leach-Bliley & Commodity Futures Modernization Act. Nice kick-off to the Great Housing Bubble. Oh- & loved that Greenspan!
Well, I didn't always agree with Alan Greenspan's decisions, however we were in the black and I have not seen that happen before or since!
GovInvestment leads to good return on inv- ROI. Bal Budg extremely bad idea for fedgov (differ fm family budg). Take a macro-Econ course. 
Already did in college, but thanks for the advice!
This is world cup football 2018
https://youtu.be/XOrAOmTQxr8 
https://youtu.be/RR9-QTQA54Y 
https://youtu.be/tL6Wh5-Do1k 
https://youtu.be/i-y2zi-0OZ8 
I'm sure it does billie on your side of the trax where your surrounded by security guards to show us your important
I am not black and I retrieved myself.
Who the hell is responsible for taking one nation under God out of our classrooms. Hang the bastards.
Yo billy...take the f------train man...nobody cares what you think.
Hope you're enjoying all the women you can handle sir.
Montana will lose a million acres to forest fire this year. Smoke is covering the entire country. Please help #MTFires #MTStrong #MTFire
Bill can you see my tweet
eh...how many women went into labor?
Okay Bill, it's time to ream DJT a new one!  You've been quiet far too long.



America also works to put rapist like you behind bars!!!
Nice lie!
He does, don't be mad at him because you hate yourself.
Great president
Your wife is very tolerant.
It's not a career Bill I understand your the head of your family and a man.
Trump team considering plan that would tax the $$ workers place into 401ks up front to pay for corp tax cuts.http://www.politico.com/story/2017/08/22/trumps-team-and-lawmakers-making-strides-on-tax-reform-plan-241873 … #Resist
Myanmar is a toy for American.
Really,
What about those people in Arakan attacked by Bengali terrorists
DADS ONLY BIOLOGICAL CHILD B6603224/CA#YOLO CHARLOTTES WEBJOHNNY RIVERSMANDY BURKE DAVIS CA @realDonaldTrump
Miss ya president Clinton!!!
祝愿朋友们，美国劳动节快乐！
Happy Labor Day to you and your family.
Evil man
Correct you bet
And cigars right pal...wink wink
Yes...you are one of them
You were always a thoughtful president that never missed a beat#GOD Bless You!
Very true!
Thank you President Clinton... would you mind moving back to WH?? Asking for the country... SOS!!!
Please stay a prominent figure in all of our minds sir...we are on the wrong course and need correction.
Horse breath
Thank you president Clinton 
Sale300,000usd.P.A..n.I.t.g.o.d.o.fThaiemailpanit1967@gmail.cm
What would you know about it? You're wealthy  because you charge $200,000 per speaking event, not from hard work.
Bravo! 
That's correct Sr. Equal blame, I guess
I wish to work like you
Amen!!#PORTOfLA
Dems where are you???.....missing in action.
Pls help Rohinga's people in Myanmar. Pls do something about them and try to stop genocide in Myanmar ..Ensure punishment to Suchi's govt.
God bless you Mr. President
BILL, YOU COULDN'T BE MORE RIGHT!
Yes alright
Who has the courage to save the Muslims of Rohingya (Burma). Where is the freedom of religions !! Where is the tenderness !!
Why are other Muslim countries not coming to their aid, why are they not saving their brothers and sisters??????
I am sorry.Arabs cowards do not care only chairs
great President!
Happy Labor day Mr president
huge deficit means work? if so, maybe america deserve ruin.
Let's ask Cathy O'Brien how she feels about the work she did for you, @HillaryClinton and your friends.
Thank you
America the beautiful
Please just go away...

U the man Bill .. always
Just think of all the lawyers you kept employed.....

You got any evidence to back that up or just your bullshit accusations?
People forget about that!  Some thinks it's for parting!   You are the best.   Miss you and President Obama in the white house!   :-(
It's not because of you you cost me a job when you was President thanks a lot

Thank you, Mr President
Thank you Mr. President! We miss you and love you!
Thank you Mr President.
The windowmaker in minnesota, I honor him on labor day
N Korea was supposed to dismantle its nuclear program under your deal, huh?  They took you for a ride.
The windo
That's right
Nice reminder of how you President
Except trump.
What are your thoughts on the current economic climates?
True talk
And America is not working because of trumpito. I MISS YOU MR. PRESIDENT CLINTON, ALONG WITH MANY OTHER PEOPLE.
Stop The killing of Muslim in Burma .
Love you Mr. President!
And thank you for the crises we have in NK. How does that make you feel. A non convicted rapist raping America ? Have a great day.
Had any inappropriate sexual relations today?
Bill Clinton. You're still around. Well I'll be. Heard you had given up idea of living in White House. Guess what I heard was wrong.
Big country!! God Bless
