Proud that our four-star rating by @CharityNav has been renewed, showing our operational strength and transparency: http://wjcf.co/2ujQTC8  
I'm glad that you're proud...what are you doing now to help Haiti since you kept all the money?
Lol, that's the oldest of Fake News!!
Please.
Watching too much this
Some libs dont get it never will
Absolutely correct. That's because Democrats don't drink Koolaid or follow cult leaders like Cons do.
lmao bless your heart! You have a good day now.  Glad you think govt controlling what you say and how you pay in everything in your life.
Smart of you to give up & accept the facts!
Thank you Mr President and
Secretary Clinton
Oops, you forgot to ask "May I have another?"

Nice try. You sthink he should stay @WH while 27yo HVAC is replaced? If he did golf every wknd he'd STILL accomplish more than the last guy.
Not to mention, he DONATES his salary. Check out what he did with his 1stQ paycheck! He's awesome! #Trump2020

Thanks to Clinton Foundation for providing AIDS medication to millions.
Some one has to clean up after be Bill.
Bot
Bot Bot Bot Bot
Bot Dr Feelgood



Oh yeah? Who are you ripping off today?

This is fake news
Clearly you don't read the newspapers. No wonder ....
There are no papers that are not biased these days. None of them
The good news is that the news itself shocked you are n the first place otherwise you've said something different. Well, the news is true.
I doubt it very much
Oh so that's where he learned a new word! I just wonder how many people had to explain the word Transparent 
It is a lunatic!
Mr President
Thank you and Mrs, Clinton for really looking out for the people of the United States!
I guess @ClintonFdn owns @CharityNav
You should be proud sir!
Seriously

Your foundation is what America is supposed to be about. trump foundation,on the other hand,is nothing but a scam that he can skim cash from
Do you ever read anything that isn't Clinton propaganda? Check out the Haitians that have been protesting them.
What Stealing billions of dollars from Haiti Clinton Foundation getting caught child sex trafficking.
So you took in $177 mil in 2014 and "donated" a total of $5 mil from it? Who are you trying to fool?
Bill, you are kind of gross.  Especially, leering at Ivanka at the Inauguration.
The haitians seemed to be overjoyed with your work. After giving you hundreds of millions of reconstruction $ they got 2 porta potties.
Or paying 800K for your daughters wedding.  Don't think you wanna talk about foundations.
It was a great portrait
How much money did you steal Bill?
What a complete load of bull shit!!!!
TRUMP DONATE 1 MILLION. WHAT DID U DONATE CLINTON? THERE R GIVERS & TAKERS & THEN THERE R STEALERS WHO WOULD TAKE FOOD FROM A BABY IN HAITI
You guys are a bunch of butchering thieves. I will say you have good hit men on your pay roll.
I KNEW CLINTONS WOULD B ON THE MONEY BANDWAGON TAKING ADVANTAGE OF ANOTHER DISASTER. THEIR FOUNDATION NEEDS INVESTIGATED& THEY NEED JAILED.

Scamming and committing treason is nothing to be proud of, unless your a Clinton.
I'm sure Haiti doesn't agree. How much did Chealsea's wedding cost again???
Bill gave our missle technology to China and Nukes to N Korea. Put our Country in grave danger 4 his greed.

Thieves!!!!
You mean you miss interns under the Bill's desk. 
True liberal 
Waaa waaa with your 500 followers. Poor baby
Love President Clinton, Love Love Love Hillary Clinton heart was broken when they cheated because I know they did and love Chelsea

He was a smart POTUS unlike the teenager we have now
No he was a liar and a cheater. No respect for his family nor his step daughter @ChelseaClinton . He never respected the need of America
Never proud in of always work more and be proud with everyday work Clinton foundation not just in for Country work for all same around my World in Love ya tick
I'm #Blessed proud being an American from the bottom of my heart I always and forever #Thanks My #Hero @billclinton #President Of #USA Amen.
Are you proud of ripping off the poorest of the poor in Haiti? Clinton Cartel stole millions and the Haitians got tents & cell phones...
Bill you're a rapist and a thief - who do u think ur kidding?
Do you mean the corruption foundation?
Mena Arkansas Murders...you all are a sick bunch. Hoping for justice for the families of Kevin Ives & Don Henry.
Those two weren't from Mena
Your right, I just hope you realize the bigger point in that they were murdered.

Chelsea had a very pretty wedding gown. Those Haitian children didn't need to eat.
Open a freaking book and stop believing everything you hear.


So YOU fabricated a NY TImes cover to "prove" that it's "fake news"? 

OMG....you & Gore are still winging it...
Take that flag and put it where the sun doesn't shine! Bigot, white supremacist and neo Mary. 
You should be; the Clinton Foundation stands as a wonderful example of people using privilege to help others, all over the world. Love you!!
Paid for @ChelseaClinton wedding. Nice and helpful.
People like you Bill but could you tell your wife to shut up 

Haiti would disagree.
"Haiti would disagree" => Fake news
Dry Cleaning Industry thanks you too for all the business have brought them. Did Ana Navarro's blue shirt stain come out? Who's this?
 Crook!!!!!
Proud to be the Legacy White House PORKER eh Billy Bob
It did a fabolous job with chelsea’ wedding!!
Have no trust in anything you say anymore.  You have become a grifter
we are very proud of all u have done! 
What is there to be proud of? What does he do?
Im proud of any1 who gets off thier ass 1 gets 1 good thing done. I did not vote 4 him, he was r CIC. Appreciate him now
Pay for play
Just how much DID KSA and Qatar pay you to genocide an entire nation? 1400 child brides a day, would love to know? Bush taught u how to deal
Hi Billy & Hillary Clinton we Pray that U both are doing well & we Pray that Hillary will take office in 2020 ! Pat & Curtis Helms !
@ClintonFdn @CharityNav 
Great work, We, EDUCARE CHILD HOPE INITIATIVES LTD, We are Non _ Profit Organization .
Bill and Hill passed out watered down AIDS medicine. Whatta deal.

How much did it cost u for that endorsement??
U siphon millions out of donations for yourself 
Example: Haiti 
U r a shill, crook & TRAITOR
Thieves

Credible source please.

Thank you. Will read the Harvard report.
#PayToPlay #InfluencePeddling #Haiti #UraniumOne #ClintonCash #RussiaSpeeches #ClintonFoundationScam #Chobani yeah effective in scamming!
Yeh, those Qatari bribes to level Syria for their pipeline is working out well for you! Not so much for the Haitians though!

Good one !!!!!
Romans 6:23
For the #wages of #sin is #death, but the #gift of #God is eternal #life in #ChristJesus our #Lord.
You're tweeting to the wrong person. Here's the correct one @realDonaldTrump. Boy does he need it.
@ClintonFdn @CharityNav well-done bill Clinton
@ClintonFdn @CharityNav 
Now the truth based on #IRS filings & not on websites run by your cronies.
Hey, uh Haiti called. They want you to call them back as soon as possible.

Thanks for being a voice of reason Mash.

Are you proud of all your "friends" that have been murdered? Rapist Billy

Besides the admission of sexual assault , who refers to themselves as a "star" ? And why didn't Billy Bush tell his family the tape existed?
now we have all those Haitians Obama brought in pouring across Canadian border!!  NO thanks Clinton or Obama!
We should send you across the border!
http://www.torontosun.com/2017/08/07/trudeaus-lost-all-control-of-our-border-crisis …

we do not even know who is coming here and won't know! NO one is vetted! Lets move criminals into your home!
And No.... earth is not flat
Oh that 6% is doing wonders,oh except for the stolen money from Haiti!
Him bragging is sign that elitist's, and leaders from questionable countries are NOT paying to play cause the Clinton's are done!
Yeah Bill, we all appreciate the great work u did for us in N Korea. Tarmac meetings with AG Lynch still happening??
& heard in every country about 4 years after a Clinton Foundation project has been executed...papa is that you?
U dny the truth n regret ur vot,U believe n false over truth n u see ur lost pain flash n front of u,u vot the Elite ur power, Hillary truth
@ClintonFdn Please reach out to your son @danney_williams. Or at least give him some of the money from your fake foundation.
doesn't the foundation own the rating firm?
I'm proud of you too
Thanks for arming NKorea. Another mess Trump has to clean up.
If you never do another thing this week, just listen to this liar, please. #NorthKorea #BillClinton #NuclearWinter 
Give Haiti their money
Are you still inhaling the purple haze that surrounds you or has dementia set in
People should question where that money came from.
Haitians would argue otherwise.
Piece
Have you ever met Elizabeth Carlisle?
You're just another part of the problem.
Bless you President Clinton
Are you proud of no's of children who suffered when u robbed Haiti of its donations? Didn't someone die recently who was going to speak out?
You are a big CORRUPT phoney! Have you been to Haiti lately? The decent people have nothing!! Toddler orphans running all over the island..
We're proud of all the work you and your family have done too, Mr. President.  The Clintons are a great American family.
so proud of you and Hillary. God Bless you both and your family
Wow, how your eternal fate must be burning the dried crust of your withered soul. I hope the children that you rape, haunt your every breath
Dear President,We still have a lot of work to do.The Pilot of Health Care Reform is one of those.
http://tothefoundation.blogspot.com/2017/07/ts-on-health-care-reform.html …
We love you mr. president! @billclinton  and @HillaryClinton
Thank you!
yeah i'm very appreciate your foundation work and Clinton sir i have need help in my village that is too poor +918860366445
Seriously WHY won't you guys ( @HillaryClinton )GO AWAY once and for all! At least Barry stays away for the most part!
https://twitter.com/PGHowie2/status/894742182371803136 …
Thank you. You done good for an ol Razorback!!
You and your wife make me ashamed to be from Arkansas.


Auklet the Bot!!!!!

It's not work it's criminal activity that you and your wife spread.
Thank you Mr President for all you & your family have done for US and the world. You don't tear US down you help build US up! Family Values!
Wonder if @realDonaldTrump and his so called "charitable foundation" can do the same. Lots of people talking about fines for misuse.
Man they are so desperate
How's your son?
Definition of a sociopath. No remorse for #ClintonCrimeFamily #ClintonBodyCount What an insane family. #LockThemUp #ClintonCorruption
Did you Lewinsky AG Lynch on the Tarmac ?
You mean it shows you got better at covering up fraud, waste, and abuse.  You are a liar, a thief, and worse.
Keep doing the right thing Mr. President
congrats
Very intelligent well spoken the real experience  u cannot miss luv u
Did you mention that to Lynch on the tarmac?
how about helping out the haitians like you promised, return money your foundation stole
@billclinton we need you back. You were the reason for my good years.
Thanks for the work you do!
Yea Right.
Unrelated - looking forward to your testimony against @realDonaldTrump regarding Epstein/Trump Model case.
Thankyou!!!
Pay to play and the Fraud are just great qualities
Just wondering what kind of rating Trump foundation receive!
Haiti anyone?
The American people know the truth
 wth? Corruption in full swing. Pay for play.
Rather than congratulating yourself, you should be spending the time you have left, finding a good lawyer!  KARMA is coming your way, Slick!
you only give 10 percent to charity that does not help that does nothing.Give them the money you took from the middle east for favors.



Bill & Hillary, continue to do the great humanitarian work you do with your foundation.
Clinton foundation is money laundering family business
4 stars, huh?  I must assume that Crooked HC's "pay for play" accounted for at least 1..1.5 of those stars!
Thank you
I audited your Foundations tax records... you KEPT $30 million in donations to Haiti and used it to invest and collect $1.6 mil a year since
Haiti?? Monica's Blue Dress? Foster? Rich? All your RAPE VICTIMS? Benghazi Victims? Email Servers? The "suicide" victims? #LOCKUPCLINTONSNOW
You know what work is? The current President creating 1.1 million jobs in his 1st 6 months. Thats work HillBilly.
Criminal enterprise

Including Haiti.
@billclinton have you asked Justin how he feels about all of your work in Haiti? Canada is seeing now how badly you ripped off the Haitians.

We are proud too how upfront & how much good you do
How much besides billions did u get for those speeches?  Is Hillary still in the woods? She needs some nice shiny silver bracelets.
I follow you to read these comments.
Seriously?
@ClintonFdn @CharityNav thank you
lol really your foundation works as your personal bank account. Great job on your deal with North Korea see what's happening now .

You mean, pay for play and income into CGI and the Clinton foundation?
You should be proud Pres. Clinton! Great programs especially in the #Climatechange #Health & #Wellness. @ChelseaClinton @HillaryClinton
#Retrospect
I thought you guys closed up shop?
Really? really?

Wow
Ah yes, soooo much to be proud of. 
Too bad donations to your "Clinton slush fund" has dropped since you cant offer pay to play
How much did you have to pay to get that rating, Bill?
Proud of your criminal Ponzi scam??? Rapist Billy
Except for Haiti, right.  Kept all their money & helped with child trafficking#PaytoPlay is all the Clinton Foundation is and nothing more.
Haiti????
Yah, you'd ought to be proud of this Clinton, real fuckin proud cause you have contributed to desolation of planet in major ways- see below
How is buying chelsea her wedding dress with foundation money helping Haiti or anyone else?
Great work!!  Congratulations
How big of a bribe did you have to pay to get the 4 stars?
Proud of the money you stole from #Haiti ? Btw what happened again to the official who was going to testify against u and crooked?
Live you guys all.
Yes, you must be so proud. #ClintonFoundationForRichGirls
