Whoreable hillary is a lair and she is going to JAIL for her crimes
Bill, you make me ill.

we did and we didn't want Hillary
Vote today for the sake of America’s future... for the sake of our children!
No longer should Russian rule be in our government.
Yes, let’s return it to the rule of pedophiles and satanists! The things Democrats will ignore just to have their flag waving. Incredible
This guy sounds very ill informed Quick someone get him some books with pictures!!!
Yet I’ve done the pre requisite reading. You clearly haven’t. Read Podesta and Clinton’s own emails. Wikileaks, start there.
Russia altered Podesta’s e mails to make them sound worse that is a fact.... vote blue
How did you come to that conclusion?  Show me your proof.  Wikileaks has been sued multiple times and won all cases. They do not tamper.
evening of December 2nd, 2010, a handful of America's media and entertainment elite—including TV anchors Katie Couric and George Stephanopoulos, comedienne Chelsea Handler, and director Woody Allen—convened around the dinner table of convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein.

every human's  right
It’s been proven our votes don’t count for shit anymore
I think your vote counts, only one way to find out! Vote! :D
Yes VOTE. So stop cheating
Dear Sir , we need to secure the voting system, it's imperative.
We did vote. And thankfully, the right person won.
@realDonaldTrump @thehill
I remember your mother. She really struck me as a fun person. She obviously was super mom.
I did for Trump, not your two faced wife. Mother to a chipmunk faced daughter. Tell me is she yours bill or is she John McCain's our famous traitor.

Appeal to people of America to vote more for democrats work to be ya democracy people that's only way to remain in freedom for freedom for all no matter race faith equal in law tick this is Sam Love suggestion tick
After you and your wife fixed the Dem primaries you have a lot of nerve. people didn't vote because they detest Trump and they detest you wife.

Someone PLEASE tell Hillary Clinton and Nita Lowey to arrange for Hillary to run for US House District 17 in the 2018 Midterm elections. Speaker of the House could be the shortest job Hillary Clinton ever had, and would most effectively correct the grievous error of 2016. Peace!
Hey Bill what did Monica's pussy taste like
Considering the DNC rigged the primary and presidential elections why aren't you upset with them instead of those who reject playing a rigged game to benefit warmongering oligarchs on either "side"? Haha, I kid.
WARNING: Beware the fine print in Liberal policies. *May not lead to the utopian paradise promised...
Yes it is. Vote dem across the board. GOP needs to be stopped.

We have voted.  America spoke loud and clear. Your family is no longer welcome within our govt.  And neither are your friends. The plug had been pulled, the swamp is swirling into a giant whirlpool. We are not sheeple,  we will not stop until America has been restored.

You should of helped jhon kerry and the Diebold voting that wasn't a patriot  or core just let bush steal it why dont you work on one vote for one American majority rules
Lol thay stole the eliction from crazy burnnie and couldent fill stadiums with free jay z and Beyonce concerts
U riped crazy Burnie off
Bills a rapist dont trust em

This is so perfect. In the. In the midst of yet another #Clinton lie, the set falls on them. 
http://jobzipo.com/account.php 
... and clear the way by all means necessary...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8CSThCo8h7A&t=3s … @_worldEvolution
Nice one
We need you to go away first. Take your ill gotten foundation money and return it or burn it. And don't forget your treacherous so called ho
Rapist!
But not for you
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS 
At the Height of his impeachment  Bill Clinton's approvals were @ 71%. Trump's as of Nov 17 2017?  42% (the lowest in 70 years).

Bill Clinton has highest Post-WH favorability rating of any potus since WW II; 1 point ahead of Reagan #Justthefacts #gallup
What's your point
You & Hillary are the most greedy people.  145 Billion to your Fund, you get 1/2 million to speak, something is wrong with the picture!!  I hope you both get locked up!!
Check it out! farazsagar will design fiverr pro  infographic charts timelin... for $15 on #Fiverr
Keep your pants on.
One of the great speakers of our time!
Bill - Why is your administrative fees 90% and 10% go to help people, on the other hand Eric Trump who supports St Jude Hospital gives away 88% and keeps only 12%. Why such a disparity?
YOU AND ALL THE ILLEGALS YOU SUPPORT RIGHT BILL?

#Democrats are evil we do not need #GunControl we need #Democrat control RT if you agree #MAGA #Trump has made America better 
Obviously you inhaled. It’s time to exhale.
We are asking all the retired Presidents for one last action - help us unseat this masked dictator, ‘Trump’. We need you - don’t stop now.
We have voted, I'm a democrat. Voted for President Donald Trump, and I will do it twice. Saving our future.
Very well said, Mr. Clinton!

Don’t cry because it’s over, smile because it happened.
When will you come clean about the women you raped? Apparently Democrats believe the women now so it's time to come out.
It's because of you guys that Democrats like myself voted for Trump. And that is not Fake News. 
That is your only job now Bill... are you satisfied with your Accomplishments.... ritorical,  we know
President Clinton I hope you realize that it was Barak Obama, your wife Hillary who put Donald Trump in the white house. You may ask me how, these two individuals waged war against the institutions of family, church and Christiany.  Christians  pinched their nose to vote Trump.
Yes vote Republican!

we didnt want your old lady. we are finished with u crooked clintons
Itaty police they are killing black in roman in ltaty
In my free speech opioid you need to stop talking and you, your wife and daughter all three should be in prison for your crimes against humanity and the treason against the United States!
Seriously-  can everyone just move on from that...  we have enough to talk about with our current President.  And I’m pretty certain that they are trying several individuals that ran Trumps campaign for Treason!  But good old mr president will try to pardon them I’m sure!
Plain and simple there are no real democrats or republicans anymore most are economic moderates with a shift on protect the economic middle class $125,000-$500,000 salaries.
@BillClinton when are you going to come out and apologize to all the women you sexually assaulted/harassed?
Republicans won five remember slick
Legally voters that is
Many Americans voted and their choice was NOT to have Hillary in the White House as our President.  Once learning about her emails, couldnt vote for someone who was more careless with her emails than I am with my personal emails.  Wish democrats would wake up
Thank God your wife is a former candidate that didn’t win!
Stop projecting yourself onto our POTS Trump, you are the liar, you & Obama areally the dictators!  All you were was a pervert in the Oval Office!  Does"I did not have any sexual relations with that woman..." ring a bell?!
God bless Hillary and Bill Clinton good job
We thank U both Bill & Hillary Clinton & we thank God for U both that is so True ! Pat & Curtis Helms!
Actually some think  democracy takes lying, rigging, Collusion with RUSSIA for fake dossiers, and buying off people, hiding money, for Democrat only club
Well said Mr.Clinton Everybody Must vote to make this world better. Trump is destroying our country and wasting too much money and Social Service also.

The electoral college is so a handful of cities can't decide the fate of Americans. And thank God for that cuz it stopped Hillary from becoming potus

Bubba - retire, let it go, don't push the limits, unless...you are ready..
Let's get this together
Okay mr. Lewinsky we don't need no more people like you and your wife
The Democrats job is to CHEAT!  Masters at Election Fraud!!!
Mr President , you are and always be the best !

A memo your wife never got.
I can’t wait for the day the indictment goes down on your wife and then when you try to help the Democrats in 2018 it shows failure
We would but we will NEVER trust you @DNC  you lie ,steal, murder(they say) and then you do Russian probe for 4 months about @realDonaldTrump and you have nothing cause there was nothing . It tels us what you DEMS do with taxpayers money !!  Hi @KellyannePolls  @hi @FoxNews   x
U were on Conan last night & it's astounding what U said because IT ALL APPLIES TO U & HILLARY. ITS LIKE WOW YOU GET IT, NAILED IT above law
WE DID VOTE. WE PUT THE BEST FOR THE JOB IN THE W.H. WE ARE DISGUSTED WITH THEIVES AND TREASONOUS BITCH THAT SOLD US OUT TO RUSSIA. 
DICTATORS CLUB THAT HILLARY PLACE.
SHE SOLD URANIUM THAT BELONGED AS MUCH TO ME AS HER. THEIF.
MURDERER  BENGAZI 4 deaths  ON HER AND OBAMA
Your job is to shut the eff up and keep your wife busy so she stops running around making excuses
And your job is to take foreign money to fund your fraudulent "foundation". You and your wife are liars, and the USA doesn't need you.
Bill Clinton the ex president guy. Bill Bill Bill Bill Bill Bill Bill Bill!
Get rid of that damn college electoral vote!!!
Bill's hands are shaking bad now.  Is that a symptom of syphilis? Just asking.
Bernie Sanders looks better all the time
Just saw comments from you on Conan; does your conscience bother you after exporting our uranium stores when you criticize Trump for lying and interacting with dictators?  Just because you are smooth doesn’t excuse your abuse of power #liar #abuseofpower you ought to know
You are a has been and irrelevant please stop talking.
Voters,in nyc are so busy surviving 
Working to pay the bills,that they do not 
Have time nor care
@BillClinton we need to all Vote to get this crazy man out of office. Our country is NOT a reality TV show
Why should anyone vote when the popular vote doesn’t count!!!!!
Yes but stop w rigged voting machines & never vote for anyone who takes $ from business or Labor Unions
what rigged... who accepts money... are you talking to TRUMP
Yes sir , Mr POTUS. Right on.
It didn't work for Bernie Sanders
It didn't work for @SenSanders!
This is the right description about democracy.
Indeed
You will notice that we did exactly that here in our Commonwealth. 
Except for when the electoral college defeats the majority making it NOT a Democracy. Lol. #AbolishElectoralCollege
@BillClinton  we went to work. @countthevotes
You tell ‘em Bill!!!!   Vote. Vote. Vote.  Let’s turn this around.
Bill, I’d love for that to be entirely true but for a lot of us our job today is the job we had yesterday where they tell us to get fucked if we want to leave to vote.
Dear Bill, Please just go away, far, far away. You are a cheater, womanizer, crook and you know it. You have no right to instruct anyone. You are shameless. Thank God above Hillary didn't win, bc you will revert to your immoral. Habits, just don't like you or Hillary
Shut up and sit down! Tell your wife to turn her self in! It’s the only way!!
...and they did!!!!
Bill you're why Hillary didn't win
You all drink the koolaid?
Yes. We know the results of not voting. Please I urge everyone to exercise their right to vote. There are countries where people have no right to vote.
Pretty sure most the Democratic party are in bed with Russia not to mention in bed with children...
Democracy could work better if your wife didn't buy the DNC.
Pervert rapist
Amen
We know what your job is.
Very true! Let's go out volunteer to our communities and vote for our voices to be heard!
And still low turnouts.  People deserve the crappy government they get,  then they complain.
From the time you vote yr responsibility begins to correct when it goes wrong. Gov't 's stop their citizens for fighting for rights!
Democracy is also robbing peter to stuff pauls pockets. Government needs to cut the shit.
Congratulations to Democrats in Virginia and all of US
I thought Bills job was to request sexual favors...oh well my bad
And to tell us "I did not have sexual relations with Monica"  do tell us more. Bill, were listening more closely than ever.
I BET FROM WHAT I REMEMBER ABOUT YOU IN ARKANSAS CAMP MEETING ETC I BET DEEP DOWN YOU KNOW WHATS HAPPENING NOW IT BE OK JUST DO RIGHT THING
Absolutely!
I know. I'm so bad I should've voted. I'm so lame I'm so sorry GoFundMe
Now I feel excluded from our Country. <--This is how I feel.
So true Mr.President Clinton. I'm still feeling like your wife didn't win. Its kick to stomach and gut. I remember how happy I was when I voted for you and running mate on ur re-election. I was  proud of my country. I was happy that u were my president.

Damn straight are we not tired of Russia-Trump collusion. Vote turn out in 2018 take back our country. Vote vote. No one wins if we dont
Dear President Clinton. It was a great day yesterday. Even in Ohios lower level elected positions went democrat. New blood more moderate dem
Honestly it's best you and Hil stay away.
Señor a yudeme con mi operasion nesito dinero para pagar mi nobre es pablo López
#cnn #cnnfakenews #brianstelter #brianstelterlies #cnnlies #millennials #democrats #liberals #neverhillary #imwithher #hillary

Free @KwokMiles Twitter accounts 
Id be worrying about that sick pedophile paradise you went to with Kevin Spacey. Your day is coming. HAPPY TRUMP DAY!!!  7 MORE YEARS OF MAGA!!!!
We did it President Clinton! You were the first person I ever casted a vote for after I turned 18 and I think of you every time I vote!
maybe your job is to VOTE in future.
#Trump2020 #Trump2020 #Trump2020 #Trump2020 #Trump2020 #Trump2020 #Trump2020 #Trump2020 #Trump2020 #Trump2020 #Trump2020 #Trump2020 #Trump2020 #Trump2020 #Trump2020 #Trump2020 #Trump2020 #Trump2020 #Trump2020 #Trump2020 #Trump2020 #Trump2020 #Trump2020 #Trump2020
We truly miss some one the white house that cares
our job today for everybody is to get this world back on track. Get over yourself!!!!!!!
I am idea to you can tell to CIA would be investigated to eaxm to the VOTE in 2020 but l want to kick out from president trump. 

I hope to Michelle Obama would be time her new president in 2020.
Bon soir je vous aim et. e beaucoup
vote
Yes sir
#myzimbabwe

And realize the answer is not the leftist socialist DEMs who offer only high taxes, mandates, penalties, Bizs offshore, corruption, deficits, staggering debt, poverty, dependence, weakened military, & massive fed govt.
