this is nice, but can you plz also recommend books by idiot sheriffs and make obviously fake promises about border walls? thx
Blessings to Texas. You are a better leader as a citizen than sitting POTUS. Sigh. #StillWithHer.
HRC Nobody cares what you say. Go back to the woods.
Thank you @HillaryClinton. Your words & presence bring a sense of calm & order that I actually crave from our ldrs these days. Pls stay!
Is the Clinton Foundation set to make more money in Texas than in Haiti?
Here is mixed hurricain  black white  etc   combat  at cassino d c  ousted  wombs of ireland   russia putin s block ban usa ousted
Hillary, return just a 1/4 of the money you scammed by, pay to play.then we can rebuild several countries.k luck back from uranium sales would be a nice start.
WHat about your best friend the sex fiend Harvey Weinstein?

Help me make money off this...
Maybe the Clinton foundation can helpmthem.likevyou help the hatians
http://ThePayz.com/?refer=36928 
our thoughts and hearts to Victims of Hurricane Harvey
We need you Hilary!
I thought we were supposed to donate to the Clinton Foundation like we did for Haiti
Best way to help Hurricane Harvey victims...Don't give any money to the Clinton Foundation.

A picture is worth a thousand words ... 
Please take Hillary's blood
You are ____.jump on any wagon to further yourself. Just look in history...you constantly have conflicting answers...the way the wind blows.
Many lives have been lost in these storms, they all need help, I feel for the families  that lost their love ones. All lives matter.
Let us all continue to pray for the people in Florida for Hurricane Irma, Harvey in Texas, & The Virgin Islands, Mexico, &Puerto Rico.
@BillClinton @HuffPostImpact   good morning how are you Jesus bless you
@BillClinton @HuffPostImpact   Good morning sister Jesus bless you
If your part of It I want nothing to do with it
Definitely don't give money to your foundation , we actually want the money to get to the victims this time.
Here's how you can help. Send Me. Hillary R Clinton ALL YOUR MONEY. I'll make sure it gets there. Bahahahahahahaha..  Bat crazy witch.
Like you helped all The Haitians.I dare you KILLARY followers read history see the real http://clintons.sex  rape, whitewater,Travelgate
Just like you helped Haiti.
Where's the Clinton Foundation?
OOOH, like you helped the people of Haiti???
Why not your prayers? No one wants to be thought about that's just dumb. Just like your 2 failed campaigns. What happnd?
Two faced much
http://statefort.com/the-rachel-maddow-show-on-msnbc/ …

She was with Rachel Maddow taping a seg and caught on tape laughing about IRMA wiping out all those Fl Hillbillies
Hey how much money can you get out of this years hurricane season.

k
But no prayers huh? No surprise
You can also do that to my house after Irma. I am 81.
Make huge contributions to Clinton Foundation and see it go to Chelsea's Anniversary Dinner just like they did to the people of Haiti!
Trump is handling all so well. God Bless President Trump...
Soliciting more money for your personal use?
Priceless, the Clintons will help Houston like they helped hati.... laughable
Hey Hillary, how about Haiti, I hear they need help
How are YOU helping ?
Don't forget about hurricane Irma we in South Florida still having hardships
And how about you take 100% of the revenue made from your bogus book you just released and donate that money to the people effected
How about you make an effort to help these people by donating your own money not money thats stolen from the Crooked Foundation
You'll be in jail soon enough
Just go away already. President Trump has everything under control
Just like she helped the Haitians
All you need to know , do not donate to the Clinton Foundation if you want the money to get there.
Help now donate to @HillaryClinton Foundation and watch your money disappear #Magic
Thanks for tweeting something useful. Unlike our President who is just tweeting bs
Let me guess. So you can steal our money? Like you did the haitians?
Take note at being presidential @realDonaldTrump #NotMyPresident #HoustonFloods  #HurricaneHarvey
Thank you for being presidential when the real president is not. This actually helps America rather than brags about your abilities
Swim down there you wretch
How much of your substantial personal fortune are you donating?
S/B asking DT that. Oh wait he's looting taxpayers, stiffed contractors & conned so many you need an encyclopedia size book to list them all
He's giving his presidential salary all but $1 back to America. More than Hillary has ever done
Shes not president & there4 cant give her salary away - ur point? She's been a champ 4 HumanRights far longer than Trump.
trump has not yet shown an interest in championing Human Rights. trump's biggest charity donation goes to..you guessed it...trump.
You're so smart
How are YOU helping? Oh I know a book tour! 

Thank you, madam president.
I love you
This is devastating. These poor people.

Thank you from Houston Hillary!!! 
Just don't donate to the "Clinton Foundation". They'll never see that money. Just ask Haiti.
Nevada Dems are #AntifaProud and ##AntifaSytong!
You should be President.
Thanks for all you do.
This is a leadership tweet!
Its just hard for everyone going through that hope there r people willing to help them. God bless the usa
It means that after international wars imported in Africa, that's how you should think rescue for this continent. Since we're Also affected.
I'm running out to donate to the Clinton Foundation.  I'm hoping for the same return as the money I donated to help Hati
This is a President.
Presidential message as opposed to being a book critic while people are suffering!
I  u, @HillaryClinton. My  was broken when I woke up Nov 9th. I  that u stay relevant. Plz keep speaking out against this madness.
This is what leadership looks like.
All Talk....
Better than not even acknowledging a tragedy..
And who did that
@lee_moran will the Clinton corrupt foundation pitch in?
What the hell is this witch doing on my feed?  Other offensive S***T they arbitrarily block!!!  WTF!!!
@HillaryClinton @ChelseaClinton @billclinton thank you to your family for knowing how to address devastation. We have donated!
Why you are not the president, this how a president should act specially for those affected !!!
What help tip  madam Why don't you help them financially by  raising flood funds?
Meanwhile, Old Orange Face is touring the government has full handle on situation. Thanks, Madam Secretary, for lending real citizens a link
Touting. I doubt he tours Houston and the area. Might have to climb stairs.
Yes, let Hillary tell you how she help Haiti !
Thanks HRC! You're awesome!
What's Hilda the Beast want now?  More charity to be sent to her special hurricane relief fund? Back to the woods loser we don't CARE. MAGA
kween
You belong in the white house.
Please stay away from the victims, we know what you did to the victims of Haiti after the earthquake that killed 200,000
Fake news. Google the truth please.
Thank you Madame President.
Madame delusional criminal liar...she'll never even be a President of a PTA. Not electable to dog catcher.
Opinions/attitudes of brain dead/ heartless goons like you & NUTZI @realDonaldTrump r a "yooge" reason I supprt @HillaryClinton & !
Which is why she's a loser, clearly just like you. But good luck with that.
You shouldn't look in the mirror every time you tweet.
I've been a winner & so is my elected President. No worries for me. I'm not a resistance pussy or useless to society like the left.
Real winners don't have to insult and bully people to make themselves feel like a "winner". Only losers and failures do that!
Look in the mirror, not insult when fact. If you still think Hillary or 'your side' was right, you need to Take meds or go back on them.
I sure wish you had won
Had it not been for the usurper aided by Russia/Him& for ppl who still believe in the GOP playbook of trash & fakenews,HR would be our Potus
Thank God she lost!
At times when disaster strike, you are such a better influence than @realDonaldTrump
Please Hillary, consider running in 2020.
NO!!!!!!!!
YES!! In regards to ur profile, Hillary would be the best to fight NRA....damn good reason to vote for her...

#StillWithHer 
#Hillary2020
Sorry don't agree.  Her baggage has baggage.  If she's as smart as I believe she is she won't want to subject herself to the insanity again.
But as you already noticed, yes, the gun thing.  BTW, that quote of mine is from a Brit.  Makes it even more poignant.  :(
Well, reconsider your view anyway... We'll stay in touch 
For sure.  Ultimately we are on the same side and want the same things.
Vote for Trump again MAGA
maybe you could give them some of the money you took from Haiti!
It's all about the money for you isn't it? I suppose that money will find it's way into the Clinton foundation somehow.....
yeah no clinton foundation is needed thanks. we actually want the money we donate to GET TO THEM
Everyone ? There are a whole lot of "deplorables" in Texas, Louisiana and Florida !
@BillClinton please save rohinjia
@BillClinton please save rohejia
Just make sure you don't send it directly to HER like you did for the Haiti relief. They'll never get it. Just sayin'
Just dont donate to the Clinton Foundation
Don't help anything she suggests..may be Chelsea needs anniversary dress now..)
Wat did u do for hurr victims? Ask them for donations to ur scam foundation? Kinda like haiti eh? All the superpredators  in haiti
Are you going to donate something (anything) to Harvey victims?  I have.  I think it would say something positive about your character.
Like you helped the people in Haiti?
How much money have you personally given to the victims of hurricane Harvey?
1 really bad way 2 "help" is 2 give2 anything related 2 Clinton Foundation. They used 4 Haiti relief 2 fund Chelsea Clinton wedding. Scum
Why don't you use your foundation money to help them? You have billions right?
Whatever happened to the money so many people gave for Haiti relief ?
With Clinton Foundation like in Haiti?
only a total fool idiot would give money to Clinton's
Hilary your thoughts are not important. Give money from that foundation.
REMEMBER what the Clinton's did to Haiti. They stole millions that should have gone to help those poor people. Listen to Haitians on U Tube
Hillary you are a very good person...keep important matters in the public arena as you are. Work like this is vital
STOP!!! DON' DO IT!!!
,Help the needy God will help you .All people on this beautiful world belong to adm & eve.
I would never ever donate to a charity organization that you or your husband were with! Look at India and Haiti!  Total criminals!
Vote for Trump, best way to help America in general
Uggh can you just take over Hill?
This country needs you Hill, mightily.
We NEED JESUS! not hillary.
We need all the help we can get! The Lord works thru people like Hillary
From Houston TX thanks so much for your thoughts and prayers
Be safe. Keeping you and your fellow Texans in my thought. 
Why aren't you president when you actually care
Because Russia wanted.Trump to be president  because he would destroy the country  and is a disgrace look at all the hate since he got in
Prayers 4 Texas
Clinton's will figure out a way to capitalize on this devastation.  Like they did in Haiti.
Another Hillary Clinton foundation.
Where's your million dollar donation Hillary? You shouldn't have spent it all on bad pantsuits.
Mrs Clinton. USA President 2021?. If not best candidate since Barack Obama.  World missing a leadership role of high regard.
Or do like you and head to WI to sell books
Well at least you care Hillary.  If someone didnt do it who will. Egg head has other things on his mind like going on vacation "living it up

You are not the president.Trump is your president.Get over yourself.
Ha!! like you helped Haitians and Bengahzi.Go http://away.You  fraud.
Snowflake alert
First tip, don't give a penny to the Clinton "Foundation".
Will the Clinton foundation be in the Caribbean and Bahamas soon? The devastation is horrendous! Can someone tell me when?
Where's the Clinton Foundation? I thought their money was 2 help those in need... can someone tell me when they'll show up with relief?
What are you doing?
@HillaryClinton! I would not donate to anything that has your name attached!
BETTER WATCH OUT, THE CROOKS ARE BACK.
You mean your not blaming someone for the hurricane. #loser
So you are directing, organizing the people, I think people know what to do if they want to help Killary, we need no instruction from you.
