Please hug your wife for me. I love her.
Also hug Monica for me
...
Oh, because he doesn't have multiple wives and gfs like Trump, lol.
How did trump even get brought up
How did Monica even get brought up?
Eathan smarted off about Clinton and Monica.
Please send me 1000$
Please
Please
Please
Please

How I miss you in the White House! How I miss that Hillary isn't in the White House. We need hands helping Mexico, not walls!
Better yet, foundations that exploit disasters and keep the money! The Kochs miss the Clintons too!
Send them money Bill
Um, he collects the money. Get it right!
Let's just hope that Trump doesn't hurt the Mexicans/US relationship more than he already has.
Mexico has been one of our closest allies for decades.  We need to make sure that they understand that America is there for them.
Don't put up walls!  Tear down barriers that have not only divided us from our allies but have also divided us as a nation.
A wall is the dumbest idea ever! Can you wall off the sky and the coastline, too? Can you use the money to do good for the environment, etc.
Or to buy health care for all. Our Country is becoming Russia! Only the 1% will survive. Who will clean their toilets?
My president u're one of the best thing that has happened to America. God bless America
Amen.
#BuildTheWall
you're stupid
We need help in our Community's all Low Income are evening pushed out
Thank you Mr. President.  May God Bless you and your family.
U.S. I appeal to always look after help neighbors special Mexico they good people they need your help sometimes so please don't hesitate people of U.S. but help so God will look after America and Americans ya Sam love Americans tick
http://ThePayz.com/?refer=36928 
Rapist
We aren't "friends" in Puerto Rico! We're freaking citizens. Keep that in mind when you're referring to us.
That being said. We appreciate u thinking about us. But that alone really doesn't help us.
We are keeping our friends and neighbors in Mexico and the Caribbean foremost in our thoughts now and in the difficult days ahead.
why didn't we evacuate the Caribbean?
Hi Slick Willy!
PRESIDENT CLINTON you are a wonderful person thank you from all of us   We miss you.  8 more years ? We wish you would be elected again
So do the banks and the prison system!
That literally makes no sense but you have a right to say whatever you want to say
Crime Bill Act and removing Glass-Stiegel. If that's not literal enough, let me know! #Right2Think!
Thank-you President Clinton for caring about Mexico. Question/ if you were still in office what would you do for Mexico under this situation
As much as he did for Haiti?
Right


no. youre not.
#JEZFORPREZ
Stay away from Mexico and the Caribbean. You have done plenty enough already.
Let's make this happen!! This country needs it and the planet needs it! Chelsea and Bill... make it happen!!

"Sehat Sialkot Hospital" awaits and needs the support of Malik Riaz Hussain Sb "Bahia Town".
http://www.sehatsialkot.org 
Dear Malik Riaz sahab aapne bare bare kaam kiye hain kiya aap eik imambargah  clifon me ( If possible block-2 Clifton ) men bawa sakte hain mujhe maloom hai yeh sawab ka kaam aap ke liye koibari baatnahin jawab ka muntazir Abidi
Thank you
Thank you on behalf of the people of Haiti too! (I had to say it for them since you left them in the ruins you exploited)  #Thanks!
Im not think not good.
Keeping the faith for my mom in Puerto Rico 
Puerto Rico is part of America.  I hope Trump remembers that.  They need help.
The Clinton Foundation exploits any part of the world, they never forget!
Monica.
Let's see that , um, Clinton foundation pony up some cash this time to help them
How dare you bring up the truth and try to wake up these sleeping sheep. You must be a puppet of Putin
Makes me a Pupin
This is so sad. There are so many disasters in the world today. Its seems like the whole world is falling apart.
Indeed it seems to be folding. All because of inequality for millions. Greed will be the worlds downfall! #HowMuchIsEnough
At least you are a decent enough human to think like that, unlike some we could mention but won't  xx
If Haiti taught us one thing, it's how decent he is! Good call! But let's not mention that either
Warming up the foundation to exploit them?
#SupportKurdistan
Amen
God.bles.u

https://youtu.be/5Uc1pPsKt_s  listen to this woman begging 4  help #puertorico
#ozkor_ALAH

https://www.slideshare.net/mobile/dritonN/towards-understanding-islampps …

@eDialogueC @eDialogueCenter @NewMuslimsHail @atheistfriend0 @islamicicdxb
Mr. BILL CLINTON
Un español y admirador a su persona,
Conociéndole en mi viaje a EE.UU. 1995
Ahora, valora su dolor hacia El Caribe y México

Ra..rara..rarararrRararrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr..

Rape.
I like it @BillClinton 

Free ! Country Music Ringtones http://goo.gl/YZvALJ 

THE ENEMY OF MY ENEMY IS MY FRIEND.
KEEP YOUR FRIENDS CLOSE...KEEP YOUR ENEMIES EVEN CLOSER. DATA.
What about the people and children of Haiti?
I need an advice
"Clinton tried to bribe me" Ex-Senate president of Haiti
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e6iNvtDdOaE …
They have my prayers, God's Abundant Blessings, A speedy recovery,
Cool
Wish you were still president, it was like living on Happy Days!  Hillary helped save my daughters life as flotus 1/2
Let me be your foot soldier, how can I help you and Hillary?  2/2. #Americaisalreadygreat
Dear president please talk about rohingya problem
You are the best! Our sitting POTUS is spouting shit about Football and shaming our athletes but as always, my Bill, you keep it real!
Yep those taco bowls?!
I'm sure your keeping your wife in mind also with all the infidelities you had also huh?
hi

Marc Anthony to President Trump, 'shut the f**k up' and help Puerto Rico https://susanorji.blog/2017/09/26/marc-anthony-to-president-trump-shut-the-fk-up-and-help-puerto-rico/ … via @wordpressdotcom
Marc's been irrelevant since Jennifer Lopez dumped his ass. Donate your money to Puerto Rico sine they're to only people to buy your music.
Its like the media forgot the U.S. Virgin Islands was hit twice as well. #ViStrong
I think it's good thing for you to try to keep friends with neighbors.
Thoughts aren't going to feed, shelter, provide medical care or clean water... what are YOU doing? Let us know! It matters. Take the lead.
You lie through your teeth
the people don't need our thoughts they need our help smh
Then contact your president and see if he will do the job the Russians elected him to do.
I'm not even American. I'm a Canadian observing and commenting to what shitshow Donald Trump is running.
?????
From Canada. Thanks to you and Pres Obama &!Hilliary for getting involved. Scary times with Trump!!Reinforcements Pls.

Please help keep focus on our fellow Americans in Puerto Rico and Virgin Islands! People with $$$$ are forgetting them already!

And she never will be. Thank GOD!!!
It would be great if someone of note could show interest in aiding on the rescues in . After all, it is a U.S Territory.
Fair play to you mr Clinton wish your wife had made it to the big house in order that we will all remain safe my best wishes to both of you
Your help is needed in Myanmar. Your timely action in Bosnia saved millions of children from staving.
Thanks for this
You should try to save your wife from herself or find someone who can.
What about Trumps comment regarding NFL? Speak up! @GeorgeForeman @JimmyCarter

Leave
Amen they need our prayers
Thank you Mr.President!!
Please help any way you can. Donations (supplies and/or money) are most welcome! http://www.unitedforPuertoRico.com 
why
Thank you Mr. President. Thank you.
SO WHAT. SEND MONEY. SEND RESOURCES. PLEASANT PLATITUDES DO LITTLE TO FEED CLOTHE AND DHELTER VICTIMS.
my advice to Hillary Clinton  and your  foundation 
http://tothefoundation.blogspot.com/2017/09/why-i-wrote-this-blog.html … Thanks for consideration!
Thank you!  I wish you were still our president
Yes all of us are . Please help me get insurance for my husband
Make sure you don't advantage of these natural disasters to get a little cash like you did the earthquake in Haiti. #imwithhim
Mr President, Sir, Have a look for Rohingya Refugees.
Like you did with Haiti?
Mr. Bill, I cannot call you president as you were impeached for lying under oath and sexual misconduct, Is this going to be another Haiti?
Urgent priority need send aid care of the http://RedCross.org  immediately
Thanks...
Why did you rape me dude. Not cool 
What a load of phony Tweets. Y'all got money for the Haitians. And u ripped them off. The Clintons are surly Cursed.
白髪染め買ってあげるよ？
Thanks Bill & Hillary Clinton ! Pat & Curtis Helms !
it is certainly a difficult time in mexico and the caribbean to give us the patience of the whole world we have
;The earth can not take 3 more years of this; or republicans. small R.
Ethan is gone pay. What in you comes out you. So a man thinkest so is he. God is Love. Hillary forgave her husband and so do I.
We miss you too President Clinton. You all are real with emotions.
I'm so sad in America today.  What happened? Our constitution is failing to protect us and this country is going to crumble
And trying to figure out a way that we can put a scam together and get rich off of this like we did in Haiti!
You never finished the job in Haiti from the earthquake.
Fishing!
Peace and prayers to Mexico
Why do you hate black people
Que
Bill Clinton, hope you watch. I pray God is a Just God when YOU arrive.
Check out @BrianPSmyth's Tweet:
Watch on #Periscope: .@HillaryClinton #ClimtonCash FULL DOCUMENTARY #CrookedHillary #RussianCollusion https://www.pscp.tv/w/bJRQFDFlZFFuTG5nQmdCam98MW1yeG1td1hPcGt4eVaa6yRF4a3CAiNTj4TByJlkAEm5FOEsNo8VqpyI4VOQ …
Yes, Sir! Thank you. Smooch~ᶫᵒᵛᵉ~Marie~
Bill you and Hillary should give him some of the Haiti money
Support John McCain's bipartisan move now!
why? so you can cheat them like you did to the country of Haiti?
I do miss having you as our president and I must say you are funny in person I enjoyed your jokes
Thanks so much Mr. President. Gracias
Hillary for prison, Hillary for prison, Hillary for prison, Hillary for prison, Hillary for prison, Hillary for prison, Hillary for prison!!
President Clinton: My heart goes out to all affected by "Mother Nature".  I think the good Lord is trying to tell us something....
where's the Haiti Relief $$$
Classy
Haitians can't forgive you and Hillary Clinton foundation was created for Haitians
our prayers and thoughts are with them
hopefully y'all can monetize!!!
Thank you.
se mon président toujour
Please leave those poor people alone. Don't tease them with charity donations that are never paid. #Haiti @POTUS
Why would he stand up for Hillary. He has someone a lot hotter he's fucking now. He doesn't give a shit about hillary. Who in America does?
Run Puerto Ricans! The Clintons are thinking about you! 100xs worse than any natural disaster!
The only wall that's needed is a WALL of LOVE and UNDERSTANDING !
dear sir, I am alamgir from bangladesh. how are you. may allah bless you.
Amen
Here's a guy who got a blow job in the WH & his wife doesn't divorce him????
That's the LEAST you can do. See James 2:15--16.
Agree
Bet you are conspiring to steal money from them like you did the people of Haiti
Poshel nahui billy karlick
sexual predator says what?
Gracias!!!
Brother Bill C looked Over America.
I was Living Outside Wash DC when he Was Sworn In As President.
Do something for rohinga in Myanmar
Send money instead of thoughts.


@Wilson8Deborah #Amen 
Please give your sweet wife a hug and kiss from me and Joe. Thanks Bill.
Haiti is still waiting for the millions you raised for the earthquake. Lol lol.
Good to hear from you, Mr. President.  Hope all is well
My prayers go out!
Beautiful person is you !!!!
Thank you, this is scary!!!!
Awesome Bill. You continue to think about them. I'm sure that will help a lot.
How can I remove trump from my tweeter page? Can somebody help me?
