Additionally, @GuidestarUSA renewed our top rating this week, awarding a Platinum Seal of Transparency: http://wjcf.co/2da6FrY  
God has come in india..
#Prophecies_Of_Nostradamus
Dafuq are all you bois doin like Jesus nice bots not really at least vary the message
Ah, so I guess robots do listen to feedback
Ah I was looking at your handle and lack of profile picture as 'cheap bot'
Whoa pal that wasn't a roast haha holy shit
Thank You President Clinton for all you do Reading you wife's  book and its wonderful
Clinton Foundation = A

Trump Foundation = Fraud
If you only had a brain.
Grateful for all the money you siphoned out of it...

lol.
More money in your account
I am proud of your family's dedication to helping around the globe Mr. President :)
Thank you. I am grateful for all you and Secretary Clinton have done for America and the world.
You, Hillary, and Chelsea are models of what not to be. Grifters, the three of you.
How much $ to play? 

This bs was debunked.
Not as mush as the Dump's golfing and pounds and pounds of fried food
Congratulations! Where is Trump's Foundation? Oh, they had to close it because of mishandling funds like buying his own portrait...and more

Bill, you guys kept all the money donated to Haiti, then you bought out women owned companies and have been charging them since, NOT GOOD!

How much money does the Clinton Foundation stand to make off of Texas? More than Haiti?
Hey Bill, we're still waiting on your new book to come out regarding how you make women's skin crawl...
Nice to see a charity foundation being used to do good & money going to help people instead of being used to buy portraits of its namesake!
Exceptional work by your family to help others around the world.  Thank you for your efforts
Your opinion, but you are wrong. I suggest you do some investigation

Congratulations. Can you call that crazy bastard in the WH and tell him to cool it? Many thanks.
Ha Ha Ha I can't stop laughing.  Bill, is Hillary deceiving you, or do love to lie to us all?  How was that visit on the tarmac? #deception
Proud that we share the same hometown. However, I'm ashamed that @SarahHuckabee  is from that same hometown. Thanks Bill 4 ur service
Yes! Can't believe the stuff #Huckabee says. How do you just lie so easily? TY for all you and your family does Mr President! 
Huckabee knows more about them you do or what the media does, I trust Huckabee way more than Clintons.
Everything that comes out of her mouth is a lie.
I agree everything that comes out of Hillary's mouth is a lie
Well done, Mr President. We are also proud and grateful.                        PS: Can you help us with No Korea?
Billy don't you mean corrupt and criminal
The only time I ever said life is good was under your presidency and Obama's presidency.
You must be on S.S.I. if you think life was good under Obozo.
Transparency my a$$! You are the most corrupt politician alive!

Is the Clinton library still where you spent the most funds?  Tributes to yourself....

#TuesdayThoughts
My Gov records
My Gov officials
#Americans OWN our government

Clinton deleted Gov history to hide her corruption
#Prison
Why did OJ Simpson's criminal trial just pop into my head?  That was odd.
In the Democratic primary of 1984, Gary Hart got knocked out of the race because there was a picture of him with a woman sitting on his lap.
That was a litmus test to see how outraged the American people would get.  The Deep State had its work cut out for it to prepare the way for
you.

Miss you hate Trump Mr.Evil
Happy Birthday kind sir.
...
https://youtu.be/7vHaX_hRlb8 
We are grateful to YOU for 8 great years. Happy birthday Bubba!
Happy Birthday
Take that @realDonaldTrump Transparency matters most.
Happy Birthday!
In honor of your birthday I will donate to the Clinton Foundation. Thank you & @HillaryClinton for the important work you do 
@billclinton Happy Birthday Mr President!
Happy Birthday!
Happy Birthday President Clinton! 
Happy Birthday (today is mine too). We miss you!
Happy birthday to you both!
Thank you!  I hope you and your family are all well!


Congratulations, Mr President @billclinton, Sir.
Where Is HILLARY?  WE NEED HER VOICE & WISDOM!!
What, your pay for play, Uranium One Deal, Ukrainian Election interference....?!
Yeah right! Ask the Haitians where the money is that was donated to them to make their lives easier by building new accommodation you thief
@ClintonFdn @GuideStarUSA how do you clintons breath At night using this foundation..
Is a fucking scam
@HillaryClinton @gulayyedekci @BulentUtebay Thank you Mr. President your support after 17.08.1999 at Istanbul earthquake :)
Thank you for your service @billclinton
You should be! You are one of our best admired 
Presidents of the twenty-first century.
Slick BJ Willy Clinton
I never had any doubts. Our organization is between silver and gold. It takes a lot of hard work to get Platinum.
I'll bet you are Willy. So really why did you straight up LIE about Monica?   AHHHH, but you got caught didn't ya big boy! Creating hate...
@NaropaU @AniPemaChodron @Oprah @DalaiLama @billclinton I will ensure #Ginsberg receives the #HighestNationalHonor for any artist #Howl
@GOP @KYGOP When #AllenGinsberg sent request #PoetryAward on his #Deathbed you never #Responded only a #SouthernBoy could #SaveYourLegacy 
http://newlivitrans.com/ve-dep-van-nguoi-me-cua-da-lat-thang-8.htm …
Just one question: was your daughter upset when she found out you are not her biological father?

Umc did not treat gangrene in timely manner my daughter lost her life pictures speak for itself
News refuse to let my daughter STORY out because umc is ran by the state I can't believe it's ok for umc to kill people an get away with it
State bar filed charges on him just waiting on my hearing date
My daughter was 29 years old umc stole her life att. I had never filed my daughter case medical malpractice case
My daughter death certificate and medical records does not correspond with each other death certificate says one thing autopsy says another
No money for expert so umc got away with KILLING my daughter she was a person that was disabled nobody care about disabled people
My Kenya Clark caught Gangrene an sepsis at umc hospital an passed away it only happens to poor people PiCTURES speak for itself
Just nervous about what is happening with North Korea.

What's that cost Americans? You've got dirt on them too huh? Wonder how much they have on you.
In principle it's not bad bill.
You are grateful and proud of greed and money. Everyone with an internet connection remembers freak day at the zoo, don't you?
Lifelong Dem. here Mr. 42, and you served this country w/ pride. Transparency is not what the foundation is about tho. Don’t lie to our face
Give Haitians back the money you stole.
Miss you, Bill! Keep up the great work!

#MyLyrics            PRT 
Lmao  ooookay. I bet you are grateful
Thank Mr. President
Heh Billy. we hear NY and the FBI is currently doing an investigation into this wonderful foundation.  We will see...
Daughters wedding
Show these idiots who have tarnished your good work.

Do something please!! You were our president
Until "you didn't have intercourse with that woman".
scammer scammer liar liar "I didnt inhale"  Had sex where? Helped Hati where? Clintons.............. $$$$$ just in it for the money? 
Former PRESIDENTS MUST STEP IN! TRUMP IS A MONSTER!
A CIVIL WAR IS BREAKING OUT IN VIRGINIA! YOU AND ALL PAST PRESIDENTS NEED TO SPEAK OUT ABOUT THIS! WE ARE ON THE EVE OF DESTRUCTION.SPEAK!
You failed on the Fair Packaging and Labeling Act as president. It is still illegal to label a 2 liter soda pop as 2 liters only in the USA.
Then please well my head
Let's talk more anoutwhat's going on in our country, and less about your foundation
Well delivered
Well dilivered
God should bless you. I am your follower. Suresh Mallick
Lynch is going 2 turn on u Bill.
Someone has to pay for the grandkids weddings
Congratulations! Much respect for your charity work.
Hey Pres Clinton, can you, @HillaryClinton, the Bushes and Pres @BarackObama and Carter speak up against the orange king? It's time!!!
PbClinton, your life travels have brought much relief to needed areas. TY 2 U and your family. Best POTUS in my lifetime
Had you stayed your ass on your own damn plane 
We really dodged a bullet... almost ended up with RapeyBill back in the White House
Trump 2020
What a joke
I wonder how you will come out when the government reviews your "foundation"
Of course they would praise you, they don't want to die. #ClintonBodyCount
Fake foundation stealing money, bribes, politics, you are a criminal soon your day will come. There is evidence and it's coming for you
What ever happened to the money that was supposed to go to haiti?
How much did it cost you?
Great PRESIDENT and wonderful family!may God bless you.
Proud of yo!
Raped 15 women btw
raper
Don't you mean transparent illusions?
Yay, yippie ki-yay!
Bill thank you for the great negotiations you did with North Korea during your Presidency. Your failure is glaring
Yeah right Billy. Your coffers must be running down?
Congratulations
Money wisely spent!!!Why does she need money from your foundation??? So wrong!!!!


Thank you for the work your foundation does,& So sorry for the way You,Hillary,Chelsea have been treated,God's Blessings on all you do !
Thankful and grateful to you, Hillary and all the good work your foundation does!
Great 
Thank you Mr President.
Please Bill, save us from nuclear war.
Hey Bill, would you please run for president again, in case you haven't noticed, we're on the eve of destruction!
