
■NEVER FORGET #BENGHAZI
I won't . Hours of testimony multiple commissions 2 find out a GOP congress refused 2 appropriately fund defense & our SOS did everything possible to prevent this tragedy unlike the attack on service men in Nigeria that Trumps #IllegitimateAdministration wept under the rug
President Trump has done more for us and our country in 1 year than clinton and obama combined
You forgot the word damage. "Done more damage for us and our country"
There you fixed it for him so it could be based on a semblance of facts and reality #FactsMatter
Damaged what
Seriously list is too long & don't believe value in debating people when facts are clear but don't match their world view so they ignore them .1 constitutional democracy by specifically targeting people based on faith 2. Military by illegally banning transgender 3.environment etc
What'd she do to cross @HillaryClinton ?  Now, we get no "Z".  Thanks, Hillary.
She is dead, why are you telling her tou liked her book?
This tweet is a coded message to all conspirators to stay strong and stick together.
Great book.2
A cryptic call to allies and conspirators for help and a reminder to "stick to the script"
#q
A for Alibi that is great.
P is for prison.
M for Monica
Pretty much defined your careers, huh?  What's the body count up to now?
I cant remember the “C” book.... was it C for cigar? Maybe C for Criminal? C for Clinton Cash?..... oops... thats 2 C’s......
C is for cookie...it’s good enough for me@
U strike me as a "pizza" perv, not a cookie monster.
#LisforLiar #IisforImpeached #Pisforpredator
Stay wherever you are. US doesn't need or want you in America.
What did she have on Hillary?
So you killed another one... what's the body count up too?

omg did you kill her too?
Did you kill her?
Oh no!! This is sad news! She was a terrific author  RIP.
Me too Mr President. I started reading this series many years ago, and even re-read them later.

@BillClinton Sue Grafton!! Wonderful novels. She will be missed!
So that’s where you learned it from...
Lol  L is for Lock her Up
#ReleasetheMemo
Blue all the way!
America damn sure don't miss the Clintons though!
This American sure as hell does miss them.
Lol
Me too!  Just finished “W” and starting “X”! Can’t believe she’s gone!
You would love A is for Alibi!  More criminals do

The MAGAts are trolling. Block the troll.
Lol fragile girl.
You're the little MAGAt crying about it.
Am I....
Lol, still!
Did you killed him too? 
More like HITLIARY&Huma
I’m saddened by the passing of Sue Grafton. Have read the whole “alphabet” series. Nevertheless, it’s saddens me more (truly incensed) by the evil crazy crowd whose notifications include the Clintons and Obama’s to rehash debunked issues. I’m betting they are deplorable trash.
Ooo Kool we can wee bttttthe /
Did Sue have info relating to Uranium 1?
And L is for liar...Bill
Some of your fave titles:
A Is For Adulterer
C Is For Cigar
 I Is For Intern
 L Is For Liar
 P Is For Philanderer
Han ar bessstt..persident in hjøra!!
Figures you would like “A is for Alibi” how about L is for Lying?
 I have no doubt at all your family loves a good alibi...
Congratulations, I'm glad that you did not rape Sue Grafton, as far as I can tell. 
But come on Slick Willy, you know that the Haitians paid for you child's wedding.
Chelsea Clinton used Clinton Foundation resources for her wedding -- email from top Bill Clinton aid Doug Band https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/52046#efmABYACC … 
I just found out reading your tweet! #RIPSueGrafton One of my favorite Murder Mystery writers. I too will miss Kinsey. Thank you Sue Grafton for all the years I have stayed up all night not being able to stop reading your novels to the end. Died before "Z is 4 Zero" was finished.
What did she have on you guys?
Your a LIAR...
You and @HillaryClinton have never loved the same things ... so get real!
Hillary is gonna need an alibi when they cuff her ass up.
Përshendetje Nga Kosova
Did your wife have her #ClintonCrimeFamily whack her?
Did Hillary have her killed?
Liar...liar.....
“A is for Alibi” - Something that Bill & Hillary SPECIALIZED IN!!!
You should join them

a is for alibi? yes fitting
E is for Embezzler
P is for Perjurer
L is for Lothario
Did you love love her too??

LOL Yesterday, you had an alibi..... today, you're going DOWN!!!!!!!


Yea and RIP Seth Rich I'm sure some one will release the truths he was going to expose about the Clinton Foundation. These movements are always bigger the one person or one group of people. You only need but minimal light for darkness to retreat 
Alibi... that one you and Mrs. will need.
A is for adultery Bill...or is it affair? How's Monica?
Yeah... you would like Alibi. You need one that's for sure.
Yup, likes the Alibi book.  Alibi............. hits home huh???
Have you read @atensnut Juannita’s book? Its disgusting and you are the key character.
I loved her work too, R.I.P.
Where’s Hillary?
La vérité est la...
god love  you     
Rest in peace.
Oh no. I love her books!  
Alibi - how many do you have to sort?
How does Monica feel about this tweet?
She probably likes Sue Grafton, too.
Long vacation?
M is for Monica?
It's 5:46 PM, 1/8/2018, I just wanted to remind the world that @BillClinton raped Juanita Broaddrick @atensnut. Where's @Oprah to speak up about this?
How are you?
Where is Hillary? I guess no cell phones at GITMO. Will be happy when Bonnie & Clyde are locked up/hanged for horrible crimes committed against humanity. If all revealed to public there will be no safe place for these 2. It will make u want to vomit 

抓捕的这名小男孩十一二岁，罪名是发布反共言论！这就是共产党统治下的中国人现状！ 
Y’all probably killed her
If course you and Hillary liked her. She wrote about criminal behavior hmmmmm behavior you and your wife have been involved in.
The American Social Welfare Model needs to be modeled to apply to countries around the world rather than don
Here's an even better read....
This is Billy's last post... Before GITMO... #FlatEarth
Because we all know that "being misleading about a blow-job" is a capital offence, right?

While money laundering, conspiracy to commit electoral fraud, and being unable to recognize the truth at three paces on a bright day are just "Trump things".
God we miss you and your lovely wife. Guilty of being human. One of histories worst tragedies was her loss. Let her know millions love her.
is this your last tweet ??
You will need a great Alibi for many "yesterdays" when you were raping women and underaged girls. You tho, we will not miss. When you get to Gitmo, tell Podesta I said hello!

When @HillaryClinton goes to jail will you have @MonicaLewinsky move in?
I’am sorry exactly what kind of work do you do besides colluding with Russia, having sex with woman other than your wife. Please let me know
^_^^_^
oh, sorry, she did not write the most famous novel that could be that's '#SlickWilly and #HildaBeast Crime Family'......

btw, are you in GITMO yet??
Condolences
Now find that clinton had x off another friend

For those of you unaware of rape of Eileen Wellstone by Bill Clinton, please watch this video. https://twitter.com/alwaysactions/status/949401625512304640 …
The double standard must stop
Oh my God, now your house is on fire along with your pants!
Tick Tock, Bill
Part of the Clinton death list or no?
Abs S is for Seth. Remember the one who found out about your fraud? Ugh, there are so many letters in the alphabet, and you have a name for every letter, don’t you? Oh, yes, here is another one: M stands of Monica, B stands for Bengazi.
Lol, and C is for Comey........ the one you paid to keep you out of jail!
Hi 
Look when Obama and James Comey go to prison with Bill Clinton Comey and Obama will have to fight off Bill Clinton in prison because Bill Clinton is a rapist. The Clinton name means crook's and rapist.
No more reading about peanut butter and pickle sandwiches for dinner.  I loved those books - she wrote funny.


Plenty of time to read in prison
#LockHerUpAlready
“P” is for Pay to Play. Clinton enrich themselves. Read “Clinton Cash”.
Don’t forget “B is for Broaddrick”, “C is for Cigar”, and “I is for Intern”! #classics
Punctuation always goes inside the quotations. Examples:  "T is for Troll,"  "RWNJ," and finally "Trump is an asshole!" #English
How does it feel to know you were directly responsible for murdering innocent little children in Waco Tx in the 1990s? You are disgusting. Evil. It was all because they believed in Jesus Christ as Lord and Savior.
RIP Sue Grafton. Hillary and I loved all your novels from “A is for Alibi” to “Y is for Yesterday.” We’ll miss Kinsey and you. Godspeed.
You'll get to do a lot more reading when you're in prison you crook.
Sue Grafton ... I like. But you Sir, are a Stain on American History. Don't worry, I too graduated from an Ivy League University. What a pack of self-serving Virtue Signallers. "Lawd, don't they help themselves" said John Fogarty in the song Fortunate Son. Lawd indeed!
G is for Guantomino.
@HillaryClinton Did you light your house on fire?

Lock them up!!!!
clintoncrimes #pedogate #stophumantrafficking #arkancide #filegate 
#MAGA #theStormishere 
Hey Bad Boy Bill, shoulda stayed with Monica cause she stays #winning #Trump
Wonder who he has sexual relations with now!!!! Hmmmm I’m sure not Hillary
What about those two boy's on tracks murdered.
Wah hoppined?!  Are your computers made of straw or paper?!  You keep having these problems with burning puters. We all know what your hiding.
She may not suffer here on Earth but God will certainly send Hillary straight to hell! Hope she likes heat!
I'm still hoping she faces real justice here on earth.  I hope the truth comes out about them.
Yes. You need “A for Alibi”. Badly.
سيتم اقتحام جميع البنوك والشركات الايرانية القطرية والاسرائيلية واقسام البوليس  وحرق مقرات الملالى وحرق صور خومينى باراك وأردبيل و آرومية والحسينيات وطهران واصفهان( 40 مدينة ايرانية)ارسال اردوغان  والبشير وحسن نصر الله والحوثى وتميم مليشيات مواليه لهم لضرب وقتل المتظاهرين /
#freeinternet4iran
#freeinternet4iran
Song | The #World Is Bigger Than #Five
Hello Bill well I will like you to message me
Seeing what you look like, he probably will be dying to message you.
A very sad loss. May she rest in peace.
Well said by a great president.
Hi
So telling. You and @HillaryClinton have committed all of your ALIBIS to memory for so long that one day you're going to trip up. So, that fire at your house was really evidence disposal à la your own Clinton-esque falò delle vanità, right? LMAO
Godspeed? You mean satanspeed, correct? You do worship Satan, don’t you? #followthewhiterabbit #LockThemUp #perpwalk2018
Rip Benghazi. Rip Monica. Rip Haiti.
Sad news!
All the titles describe well your life-long crooked character. Maybe they helped you to hide a lot of evidences of your crimes, who knows. Well, God, CIA, deep state & sponsors know & will hold you accountable one glorious day.
Hey Billie are you trying relight your candle in the bedroom?
So sad to hear.  She is one of my favorites. Do you have a favorite?
You did not have a sexual relationship with monica Lewinsky
