Watch: President @BillClinton discussed our fight against the opioid epidemic with @ConanOBrien last night. 
And keeping him and killary out of prison
It’s pathetic when a TV host cares more about America than our sitting President
President Trump is the most patriotic President in MANY years ! Time to wake up! Merry Christmas 🕇
WRONG!! Look up NAZI!!
Disgusting mouth!!


Is mentioning Harlem and the Apollo Theater the only way you can pander to blacks without calling them smack heads in the interview?

Nice but you and Obama could have prevented much of.it by not obliterating the safety net or leaving people at the mercy of banks seeking loan mods so they have to live outside like animals.
Trump is doing that as we speak and I didn’t have to donate for your xmas fund, I mean your bank acc.... tomorrow
U should have our .@POTUS he's The Who blew this out in the open
Wouldn't it be great to have a President again who actually WORKS on solving important problems instead of just tweeting about them?
Watch: President @BillClinton discussed our fight against the opioid epidemic with @ConanOBrien last night. 
He's a dangerous coward and a fraud. https://www.facebook.com/Danneywilliam/ 
The hypocrisy is astounding...
When do you talk about the cigar?
Crock of shit... Selling opium yes and human Trafficking

As a pharmacist now disabled by 55 years of Crohn’s disease and in constant pain I beg you to make sure people like me are always mentioned as you so rightly and courageously fight opioid abuse. I’ve seen all too well the struggle people in pain have. Drs timidity impacts care.
Hezbollah thanks you
corrupt foundation, corrupt creators
While our POTUS wants to STOP the Heroin from flowing here from Mexico,
The Clintons convince u fools if u give them money the opiod crisis will stop!
Frekin con man! Use his own money to print flyers
Za e
THATS A BUNCH OF CROCK...THINK OF ALL THE DRUGS YOU RAN IN AND OUT OF ARKANSAS THAT KILLED THOUSANDS WITH YOUR DRUGS ... AND NOW YOU WANT TO HELP?? YOU AND YOUR OLD LADY SHOULD BE IN GITMO AND I LOOK FORWARD TO THAT DAY....AND IT WILL HAPPEN
#BILLCLINTONISARAPIST

what?
i’d start here 

Lol.  He’s partly responsible
Liar Crook Scam
INSERT CIGAR NOW

Well, at least the 10% of @ClintonFdn money that's actually used for charity rather than paying for your private jet and wedding dresses. right?
The fact that the @ClintonFnd is at all involved tells me that this is simply another money laundering and PR scheme.
Conan O. is hanging out with you?
Now I've lost all respect for him.
Same. I had hoped he wasnt one of them. Of course. They all are.
An opioid problem that got worse under 8 years of Obama. The democrats didn't give a shit it was a white middle class problem but now it's everyone problem they want in.
Found a new way to rake in money.
How did you break your dope habits and philandering?  Old age I bet!

Retire.

Congratulations  for the charity o.
More has been done for the Opioid Crisis in TRUMPS 1st YR IN OFFICE than all 8 of Barry's.  Barry made deals to SAVE the poppy fields, TRUMP is blowing them to hell.  TRUMP ...  BEST POTUS EVER ...... puts USA 1st ,not the Muslim Brotherhood.
Juanita seems credible to me.  I believe Juanita.  You should be in prison for being a rapist Bill.
Dear bill with all these revelations about elite globalists like Arkansas if only their was something that could help all of humanity Antartica disclosure not going to help a humanity suffering like perhaps I don't know nesara tesla patents and healing technologies
Thank you for sharing the dangers of opioid use with millions, schools need to realize it is their job also to warn their students of the deadly reality.
And just how much money is the Clinton Slush Fund giving to help with this problem.  As much as the CSF gave to Haiti? Some say you’re not getting the money you use to get from the Middle East and Russians.  Is that true?
Liar  LIAR  SEPER LIAR  since #BillClinton was in office when his bodies #MayoClinic and others were killing the cancer patients & elderly with really cheap #opioids and the imports from #China to blame name loaners in #CentralAmerica #LockHerUp

Bill - what do u really think will happen to u & ur wife when y'all die?
All those deaths y'all r responsible for...
Public confession - NOW
Hey, Bill - remember her?

Hillary Clinton bragged about Bill Clinton not using Twitter when he was president from 1993 to 2001.

Twitter was not created till 2006. #Clinton25 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8CSThCo8h7A&t=3s … @_worldEvolution
Combating? LOL  Don't you mean importing?  What about those mango ratlines Bill?

Bill Clinton is trending.

Just going to leave this here 
"wear ORANGE"  all Prisoners in Prison feel PICKED ON 
HELLO FROM GUADALAJARA, MEXICO
Hows that? You donate 10% to charity so far. How much is the foundation kicking in??
@BillClinton pervert. tramp. sleaze bag. mentally ill power hungry liar.
Wow can't believe people are still being seen with you.  Don't come near my sister or mother.
You are so gullible, Conan. Did you pull your checkbook out and donate?  , that’s what I thought!
Right Bill, like your “foundation “ helped the children in Haiti? Your “foundation “ is a SCAM!!!! I just hope someone investigated it! THIEVES and PHONY! 10% of your “foundation “ goes to charity and the charity is the “CF”

Hey @BillClinton what makes this so called opioid "crisis" different from the crack epidemic and why does not the 1994 Crime Bill apply equally to these WHITE "super predator" "drug thugs?"
Juanita Broderick is getting her second wind
It makes me sad that you were impeached for lying, but @POTUS has told over 1600 lies IN office and not one @HouseGOP or @senategop have the balls to do anything!
Love you, Mr. President. Love ya to pieces.
Mafia Don isn't one tenth of the President you were.
Come out! Come out wherever you are! Ratlines! Pedophiles!(link: http://wlsearch.tk/ ) wlsearch.tk
You would think people would know by now; Dems NEVER resign. They circle the wagons & defend each other no matter what & look for more scams to enrich themselves.
Maybe in today’s climate justice will finally be served in Bill’s case!

Why not have the Corrupt Clinton Foundation help sexualy abused And assaulted. By you and others.
it would be even better if the foundation could do something about the #Suicide epidemic amongst the DNC and Clinton associates.
Psst, Mr President, whatever you do, don’t watch @seanhannity  show tonight.
I'll say it again, I did not have sex with that woman! 
Indeed I did have a relationship that was inappropriate with Miss Lewinsky.
You are one SICK man!! All of you & your friends needs to be locked up! How do you ever sleep at night?!

Bill Clinton is trending.

Just going to leave this here 
What's in for you, stud? There's gotta be something you can pirate away...
Rapist #JoanitaBroaddwick #sick #pig #JailTimeIsComing #304

#Democrats are evil we do not need #GunControl we need #Democrat control RT if you agree #MAGA #Trump has made America better 
A subject of public interest , made by a public figure , vaunted to be headlines and change a conversation. Slick, Tell ol" Roy how You got by the Women. NO? Aw Slick.
Did Conan ask you about the rape allegations against you? Women said you raped them? Is that true? Care to comment?
Where's the Haiti money?
This foundation received millions of dollars from Russia while America lost out on uranium deal. Foundation is a scam and Americans suffer because of it and have been sold out to foreigners for what belongs to us.
Just like you helped Haiti. Those people hate you for the money y’all raised and stole from them and never helped.
https://www.nytimes.com/2017/11/13/opinion/juanita-broaddrick-bill-clinton.html …?

Oh bullshit!
It's going to be nice to finally see an investigation into the Clinton Foundation, but don't worry, they will look very close into John McCain and his money laundering foundation as well.
https://twitter.com/StephenHaskins2/status/930270182982979584?s=17 … (Let’s have fun &, Well.... “Hood Letter”! Join me?) - Build A Star Enterprises-
So now the @ClintonFdn is stealing money that could be used to help combat the opioid crisis
I bet is was great having them, you need to be ashamed of yourself
Pay for play. Is this real? #uraniumone
The rich go around the world on private jets and ask the less rich people for money....but most of that money goes to fuel the private jet
See my baby? #TAKEN and scared & lost needing me. 1997 A.S.F.A. funded this. Judicial system not of God or Justice but will claim to be so and defame my character. $$$ CORRUPT. They look past every dollar's creed In God We Trust b/c they don't touch the $1 bills like me. Credit
Y can't u see psychiatrist r as worse! I was sad depressed since childhood so pushed to take drugs. Cardiomyopathy fibromyalgia hrt palpitations dizziness extreme panic sleeplessness w/ out drug lethargy too much. Powerlessness. My babies are being #TAKEN you do not care do you?
Thanks
The rank stench of Clinton bullshit
Thanks...
Your not relevant anymore. Just stop.
Read everything you two were poorThat’s why, you guys got greedy. Made all kind of deal.Our President was rich.don’t need to deal to be rich
Why don’t you tell the truth? What else beside investing in Rail rood, oil, and the things are talking about. Now call you Clinton Dynasty.
After 25 years just remembered Mr.Clinton.Leave everything to our President.Were you all a sleep? Just woke up? what about Brazil? Involved
deer billy, and does that have found themselves in a struggle with opioids and other drug related struggles...  be a pro legalization of marijuana so that we can monitor the sellers of drugs and know of stash and safe houses and other drug houses to combat and bring down the drug

I hear your meeting up with @NotlouisCk  and Bill Cosby by at fantasy Island for a full conference on the Weinstein crisis ? BTW was @ConanOBrien in his Blue Dress, ? " I did not have sexual relations with that woman? Ummmmbullshit !
How are You, my First President ? All fine, I hope& secure.Sending some time news.
This guy is a joke!
hi boss
 @BillClinton 
 @HillaryClinton more...sorry
Dear American people, please help me to come to America to escape persecution, war and sectarianism in Yemen 
I got a lot of blowback on FB suggesting Narcam should be in your house if you have teens... best parents in the world or "not my kid".. why even take a chance. It only takes one time to create an emergency even if you have the best kid in the world.  Well done WJC.
Great talk sir...wow
Bill is a crook, a pedo and a rapist.
Bill,were YOU ever able to procure Chelseas former college girlfriends younger sisters telephone numbers???lol....lol....lol..
Please read the WSJ today, Friday 11/10/2017, p.A15."POTOMAC WATCH",Kimberley Strassel has dealt Hillary Clinton the final coup de grâce.This plus wikileaks plus PV Videos and she doesnt have a leg to stand.She is NOW perfectly exposed.

Show me how much you love me brothers and sisters, reach down deeeep into you pockets the more you give the more I love, So gimme your hand, let me take you to the river!
We love Clinton fondation
Most crooked foundation!
http://www.buyermall.online 
Question how effect they have been
Hahaha funny you save anything Lolita express
Don’t donate to the clintons. They only give what they want to give. They don’t pay for anything they do. You do!!! Every dollar you give lines their pockets and funds their campaigns and gives them more power to pull the wool over your eyes!!!
That's Great. But Sir what about the issue of Jaundice in infants during their first four days of life which is so rampant in Africa. Its complication causes deformity in children.
Who cares what the Pedophile Slick Willie says or thinks? HE is a lying murderer, Pervert and now loser. Comparing him to President Trump is like comparing a genius businessman to a homeless person who makes a living gathering bottles. Trump has so much more moral integrity.
Thank you, Mr President, for the human connection that brings policy to life.  You get through to people in a way many cannot.
Don't you mean like only a serial abuser could
Thank you
Wise man
