But you didn't stand wt the people of Rwanda when they needed U so much during the genocide that happnd during ur watch.Hw about that sir?
No president is responsible for the foolishness of another country.
Rwanda had a genocide while the world watched. What happened to Humanity??
what was the world supposed to do?What was Bill supposed to do at that point?
Thats not foolishness!! Close to 1m pple died within 100 days. Those were lives. The International Community silently watched
my point is,its time African leaders raise above tribe and clans and play clean politics.
But never compare genocide and foolishness! People told you and may be you changed your mind and statement @edykirimi
I never said genocide is foolishness.I ment Bill was not to blame for Rwanda.
I hope not like the criminal mockery your with ran! I want my money back from the BERNIE SANDERS CAMPAIGN!
I voted for Jill Stein &will proudly vote again fearlessly working toward a real beneficial change 4 all,never blinded by fear&manipulation!
Your vote was wasted.
No!Your fear keeps u living in conformity&complicity 2abuse,crimes &D deaths of hundreds of thousands in the Middle East!indifferent cruelty
Make sure u call D Clinton's lifetime friend, president T& protest against perpetual war profiteering!Democrats &GOP working 4elites greed
I'm an Independent. So stop right there 
Better stated, you R confused & cowardly dependent!Move on &continue life in hypocrisy supporting d same evil.hopefully you will awaken!
Hopefully they had no Russian meddling
USA had no Russian meddling. Pentagon just wrote about how it was made to look like Russia
Wow you are in for a giant eye opener.... They aren't even hiding the Russian interference these days. It's been admitted... Wake up!
In podestas emails he said they were going to run with this fake story, told the person to dig into it to try to find anything to twist. 
Please just keep referring my last reply. I am not responding to any deflection you are putting out there.
No problem, we can agree 2 disagree but u might want u read reports and such the actual pentagon and such puts out rather then CNN/MSM
Good luck to you.... You are going to need it. Hell we are all going to need it.
U2 :)
Your no longer The President yet your tweets are more Presidential than trumps.
Indeed
Will be as fair & as credible as you & Hillary .  Obama involved too!  It's a fixed election
Too bad we can't say the same for USA 
Do you hope the Kenyan people have a fairer election than Americans in 2016 primaries?
Ask Bernie how he feels about those Primaries! free and fair!?!?! what a crock!
He's too busy working for real people to complain! 
. Really, this is truly to mattering for both sides whom they needs of Parties.
U lied to us as one of observer that elections in kenya were free n fair @big liar.
Do never be stressed by NASA supporters of their vuvuzella blowing efforts .you are great sir.
Like you stood with the Haitians you criminal!!!
Agree
Mr. Clinton, is their anyway that we can even know that our own elections in the USA are free?
I hope your crooked wife isn't part of the election. Imagine if her guy she supported lost to a fair & credible process would she go around the world and say that the husbands made thier wives vote for the other guy???
President Bill Clinton is Still the President of the United States & Worldwidely he still Cares for the World's Happenings.God Bless you.
Sir, we're glad you care but unfortunately the system has been comprised just like it happened in 2oo7. No TRANSPARENCY in tallying.
Acha kutuharibia cv.
It's not a crime to speak your mind.. Don't tell me  this is "kafira"
100%  Agreed. It was unnecessary.
Thankyou very much be blessed sir

What, with ilegal votes like Democrats here?!
Yeah we need to have our fair election process established again and stop Russians Meddling in our elections Hillary is our president really
Chrissy, I seriously agree with you.
Freedom in Pease in incoming days ya Love Grace Peacefully life in Freedom to be and God will support you if you in those way right way ya Sam love tick
Kenya is WHERE Obama should have run for President, NOT America.
They need to impeach that hateful lunatic for sure he is bipolar 
sure bill wonderful speech
Are you sure you not stepping on them?
Thank you Bill for being concerned about African nations.
Sure wish you were in office again...
I agree, we haven't had enough women that aren't the first lady giving BJ's in the oval office
If you don't have anything good to say, keep your mouth shut
Thank you Mr. President
Kenya s bigger than u @ahmednassir Abdullahi
Believe me, boy, we need some peace in this country. All we got is just Hate and Division, caused by a Reality Star.

#ThisisNotPresidential
and we see that its all in the streets everywhere hate filled people destroying property and assaulting people 99 percent democrats
PIENAMENTE D'ACCORDO
Thank u
Unfortunately there is nothing like fair and credible  election in Kenya!
Who exercised  their democratic  rights but was stolen ..and further  killed  for protesting  against  the computer generated results. Say.
Save Santa Ana Wildlife refuge..no. wall
Hohoho........FAIR and CREDIBLE part of it is still elusive.
Hello   Bill
Thanks for standing with our Kenyan brothers in spirit
Mr. President you need to be vocal. We need leaders to speak out against this tyranny!
Love you
TOO BAD YOU DIDNT GIVE HAITI THE SAME RESPECT
If only you stood with the people of Haiti who you robbed.
Thank you
Hey bill check #StopKiberaKillings #StopKisumuKillings #stoppolicebrutality #StopKiberaKillings &see what kind of ethnic killings is ongoing
Hahahaha #BS #Bildo you should pay back every #Cent You #Stole
Mr Clinton good mind
Was it credible #StopKiberaKillings
U R THE BEST
God I miss your administration!
Lied, about everything
Criminal
we are happy for ur faith in us Mr president
Sir, it turned out to be a charade. Democracy was violently attacked. Kenyan's voting rights were gruesomely blocked by robots
Year, @realDonaldTrump also won the elections in the USA fairly.
We the Kenyan people really appreciate.
Can't your foundation build ground on Nigeria soil, want to work with YOU.
Sir we were with githeri man
Sir Uhuru won and I love uruto
Love you Bill

Thanks @billclinton!
Mr president this is open rigging.
Miss you as our great president. You and Obama are very wise men, among toddler Trump and his retarded minion's.
hahahaa alright
@ChelseaClinton TY 4 being #presidential & talking abt what is going on in world,w/compassion & perspective @Lawrence
Thank you
MR. PRESENT I WISH THAT WE COULD BE A KINGDOM SO U WILL BE THE KIND FOR ALL YOUR LIFE CZ NO PRESENT LIKE YOU
thank you potus
But why the result takes so long to be released
Was hers credible?
@billclinton  thank you mr president
In the name of "peace" we can pretend nothing happened; the reality they tortured & killed The IT guy And hacked ;we are happily hypocrites
He looks just like you don't let Hilary keep you two divided
Mr. Clinton,get the rules changed. Come back please. You might have slipped once or twice. I can't even say his name on a tweet about you
Thank you president
We don't want the corrupt government,we are tired
Do you think obama voted absentee?
What about Haiti Bill? What about Haiti and child trafficking? And still living in tents, you were a big help to Haiti.
God bless you Mr President...
Lol.
Fair.
You and the Mrs are as corrupt as they come
Can the international community expert pressure on IEBC Kenya to announce genuine result they want to rig in Uhuru as president
The government and IEBC are doctoring results and put fake one on the screen.
Mr President,  please tell Trump to resign. I keep telling him but he won't comply
Thank you Mr. President. We know Raila's reputation when he loses elections
We hope so...
let's hope Odinga becomes patriot enough to respect the will of a people united
How is your BS N Korea deal working?????
Apart from the fact that someone has never conceded defeat since 1982
The kenyan soils? 
Its moisture endurance in doubt.
Amen,let the will of the people be heard
Kenyan opposition leader raila odinga has refused to conceded defeat and want to plunge the country to civil strife...
Thanks sir
thanks
Thank you Sir.
Thankyou Sir.
Thanks  Mr. President
Bill Clinton Black. #Singing
Amee
Its Quite Unfortunate that the IEBC can't even say if the results thy are posting to us are True or False!The most SHAM elections in hiatory
Купить ОКНО в Екатеринбурге недорого цены http://www.stroyip.ru/goods/window 
We are still waiting for the results patiently
Thanks Mr President....
Thanks Mr former president, and I suggest that you should say something about the outcome of Kenyan elections
Thanks @billclinton  hoping we shall remain peaceful
Thank you very much.!
Thanks Mr President for standing with us .my God bless u
They are already streaming cooked results
Thank  you  oping  election  thieves  have  heard  this
Asante sana
Thank you Bill. We are waiting patiently as IEBC completes its task.  Regards to Hillary
It's well sir
That's what am hoping for too as a kenya
Thank you Mr. President for the kind words to Kenyans.
So far so good. We thank God.
VThank you sir
Unlike #Ethiopians who never exercised democratic & constitutional rights especially since 2005 but you strongly support this tyrant regime
As things stand right now, these elections have not been free and fair.
Kenyans spoke, clearly, through their vote &, now, let our institutions, IEBC particularly, speak fairly. God's abundance grace to Kenyans.
thanks Bill
We  need  all  international  observers  to  end  this  by  calling  for  fresh  elections  for  presidential
It's wasn't Free and Fair Sir, can u intervene please something wrong somewhere in Kenya, we just need peace
Thanks @billclinton  This country needs to wake up and move on in peace
This is Kenya,where the leaders propagate peace more than justice delivery. We're already in tension courtesy of cooked results.
They were free and fair.Namngoja tufight
@wgkantai There was no election in Kenya Sir.
Thank you President Clinton.  We need peace.
@mohammedhersi 
@JesusIsComing_2 

 We have THE MIGHTIEST #ProphetDrOwuor in this land. His Almighty God is watching over us
Thank you dad
Thank you Mr president
thanks Bill

Thank you so much Mr president. With God all things are possible.
The people in Kenya have exercised the best elections ever ..the people have had their say let the leaders respect that
I hope the Russians are on your side to rig it again as they have been accused by a very big country that portrayed to be world Police
Hello
If only we had the same
We appreciate
thank you mr. president. we are pleased for you concern.
after election we remain as kenyans
Thank you  ..
He won with 99% after intimidating and threatening opposition. Not very democratic.
Thank you Bill
We love you Mr. President!
God love Kenya people! Peace, love & Unity.
We can live in hope that will be the case for Kenya 
You go!, Mr. President!
Your presidency gave us 8 years of peace and prosperity, I miss you and President @BarackObama.  Who is going to save us from DJT?
Thank you mr.president.
Thank you sir

Thanks Mr president we belive in our electoral body now more than ever this elections are free, fair and credible good job @IEBCKenya
Thank you for your continued love and support of human rights.
Get a life you criminal
How I wish your words could come to pass, am seeing the opposite of your words, thanks anyway Mr President
May their process be more fair and credible than ours was in 2016.
Happy Free n fair election to Kenyans
@billclinton you are So loved by many you & your Family. Me included ~Rogelio
This could be us one day
Thank you Mr. President for your standing with Kenyan people. We salute your solidarity.
All is well so far?
Thanks Bill
