With many parts of the island still in need of supplies and power, we've been proud to work with partners like @DirectRelief to help facilitate the largest airlift of medical aid to Puerto Rico. 

To support: http://directrelief.org/donate   

#GivingTuesday
Thanks to a new partnership, called #SolarSavesLives, we're also joining an effort to help restore power to Puerto Rico—and we're grateful to the many organizations who have committed to supporting it. 

To support: http://solarsaveslives.org  

#GivingTuesday
Thank you President Clinton it’s nice to see A President doing something for PR.
Maybe he can make up for all the money they stole before the End. Life is short.
I’m sure the Haitians would appreciate it
After hurricane Andrew in 93 people were left to live in tent camps for a decade. We can’t expect any help while we have a Republican gov in office. We never get the help we need. Fl had its own state homeowners ins. They cancelled us for no reason we paid our premiums on time
Wasn’t Bill Clinton president until 2000? Because that means that 7 out of the 10 years you lived in tent camps it was under a Democrat president. And didn’t Clinton foundation raise close to a billion $ after earthquake? Sounds like a bipartisan show
Would’ve died. I wanted to leave. Was ready to go but was doing what I was told. I will never do that again. Even tho everything worked out doesn’t mean it will next time. Sometimes I think they are just thinning the herd like Katrina. In 04 we had all the help in 05 they were
One thing we agree on is population control. However I would argue it has little to do with a president and is definitely not partisan
It doesn’t help when the govt gives 30 mil to a 2 month old new company in St. Cloud for roof tarps and the company goes belly up. Thank goodness they vetted a different company to do the work but 2 months wasted
BS....HOW MANY WOMEN AND CHILDREN HAVE YOU AND YOUR OLD LADY TRAFFICKED OUT OF PORTO RICO LIKE HAITI ..AMERICA AND AFRICA

So you going to pillage Puerto Rico they way you did Haiti?
How's Haiti doing, Bill?
Amen! I wouldn't let Bill Clinton near any child of mine !
Great job President Clinton. You are a man with heart for the the poor and sick. God bless you and your family.
Says Trump, Chief  STD Warrior.
Kind of like your great efforts in Haiti?   Where does all that money go?

Seize the Clinton Foundation Assets for its crimes against humanity. #HaitiGate
Meanwhile President Clinton goes quietly about the business of getting food and supplies for Puerto Rico.  No fanfare, this is the first I’ve heard of it.  Bless him.  I always loved the way he really got out there and talked to his constituents personally.
Yeah, he got out there, a lot, I don't know how much they talked...

Haven't seen a dime from Clinton foundation for Harvey in Houston.
What kind of joke is he putting on people now?
This is beautiful!
Great another 10% of the donations. Congrats.
CLINTON CASH — Director's Cut — FULL OFFICIAL MOVIE — Bill & Hillary Cli... https://youtu.be/rmMe-2qaSss  via @YouTube
Hey Bill, I am interviewing Juanita Broaddrick later today. I’ll have a link posted later. Any questions you’d like me to ask?
Yeah, ask her why the prosecutors didn't think she was a reliable witness?
Remember Haiti
Laura Silsby IN YOUR CLOSET
How is it people are still giving money to you? You guys were broke leaving the White house (per your wife) and now you guys are worth 250M. Plus you are the reason we watch out for sexual harassment in politics. You groped everything.  and you comment on Moore. SMH
Give all that Hatian relief money back you efn demons
Thank you on name of good people of Porto Rico to Bill Clinton foundation for such help God Bless ya Bill and Sam Love you tick
Thank you <3 

Where can we find details of money received by your foundation and where money’s was spent by this foundation? Thank you
Love you, Bill(Mr. President) we don't have a real President in Office.
@realDonaldTrump THIS is how you respond to a humanitarian disaster. Pay close attention, even you might learn something.
poor you
Bill may have been somebody if he wasn't so morally bankrupt?
Ah yes. #GivingTuesday  and tell us, Bill... what exactly did you give to that woman...oh, what's that you say? Nothing? Such a charmer, aren't you? Haiti, or Puerto Rico? Nothing. Americans are not blind..but they're tired of your lies.

THOSE ARE SUPPLIES MEANT FOR SOMEWHERE ELSE
What about Haiti?!
So much class.  Love you, Bill.

Just like you 'helped' Haiti right Bill?
give me a break, what a bunch crap. hey bill, look happy the camera on you. that makes me sick. im sure he is checing out the women down there. hillary its 12;52 am, do you know were your billy boy is ?
Clinton crime family always has a agenda noble in this video but still scums
I guess they are looking.g for new victims outside out country. Good GTFO
Yet all either one of them did while in office was steal from the American People
You are a scam artist seriously you don’t give flying crap about anyone but yourself and your “wife” and daughter are the same you have no shame!
https://scout.com/college/ohio-state/Board/104375/Contents/Doctor-who-exposed-Clinton-Foundation-corruption-in-Haiti-Dead-112175898 …
We love you so much
Tick tock
Bill saw your tweet about Roy Moore on twitter, people on the glass houses shouldn't throw stones, you are the poster child for a politician rapist#MAGA
Like you gave back to Haiti, Or did you just take a lot back?
What about Haiti? How are they doing? Asking for a friend.
Bill... you know one way or another you'll be screwing somebody. You're hopeless
Looking for kids to sell to pedophile rings.#pizzagate
Thank God for Former President Clinton #support #ENCOURAGEMENT



Enough of the Clinton’s !
The gift that kept giving in Billy’s orifice Office
Atleast their money is being spent correct if that's true and not a camera scam before it's seized before jail time.   They screwed Haiti.  Your cells await for you.
Oh good idea...not...the corrupt government just put that money in their own pockets!!






Mic drop  Remember how "legit " @ClintonFdn  is .... not! And former or ex ( impeached ) President Clinton is his actual title!
Is this like the Haiti cash?
DO NOT LET HIM NEAR THOSE CHILDREN HE WILL STEAL, RAPE, AND EAT THEM!!!
Be sure not to rape anyone while you’re there Bill
Thx U  President Clinton For Caring About  Puerto Rico in the Virgin Islands that was lovely watching those people light up when they saw u there to help them Godspeed
I bet he helped about as much he did in Haiti

STAY FARRRR AWAY FROM THOSE CHILDREN YOU PSYCOS !!!!! The truth is coming out & everyone will see u all for what u truly are !!!

Seriously, millions upon millions of dollars in donations to your foundation and all you can show for it is 12 totes of medical supplies?
Hillary Clinton
love,peace,health with  http://rationalculture.com 
Dear all public social responsibility and customers social responsibility through charity, social responsibility advertising more initiated, in all American malls, film houses, other services including airports, hotels, gas stations, collection box for public to put money
Don’t give them the same “help” you gave Haiti
Why no investigation into your & Lynch's tarmac meeting?!
We Taxistas in Brazil are having a hard time because of the UBER type of apps that are wanting to take our profession, we need help, we are literally screaming for help, for God's sake do us a favor
Gimme your girls
It is important we acknowledge the work of the Clinton Foundation for its efforts in addressing most of the challenges and global iniquities.
Tell that to Haiti.
We all know little st. James is Clintons favorite island
What's it going to take to lock the creepo up?
Where's the $millions you stole from Haiti????
& where are all the children they stole out of there ?!?!?
From the thumbnail it looks like you're holding a decapitated head
It is important we acknowledge the work of the Clinton Foundation for its efforts in addressing most of the challenges and global iniquities.
It is important
Bill, I put your event together, read this news, I should have wrote your speech too. -OO @BarackObama @cnnbrk
Bill, Im glad your getting your divorce. Have the best Holiday. -OO
Do you have Contact to Germany!?
The government dont help abused and raped woman!!!
Please help us!!! Please help us with Hillary!!!
#meetoo
Good work from the former President

Former President Bill Clinton is reportedly facing a new round of charges of sexual assault from four women, who claim the incidents occurred after Clinton left the White House in 2001.
Realy? Im not surprised. Ill look it up..
God bless you sirs and your foundation your good work
So very kind of you, Mr. Clinton. Thank you and God bless you and Hillary for all you do. We love you here in Pa. 
Haiti
Dear Clinton and Hillary
Go ahead, future generation look forward to seeing you.
Help? You and your pedophile clan steal children, if their is a disaster, children gone missing when you help'

中国！
在共产党统治下的中国人没有任何隐私！只要你被共产党盯住！任何事情都别想干！包括娱乐！申请Q Q号都不能用以前一直用的头像和网名，因为即使你现在刚刚申请…

Thank you so much 
Like you did with Haiti?
Thank you President Clinton my heart is so grateful for your kindness, I know what kind of person you and Hillary are that is why I voted for you and her, may God bless your soul always
They might get you after all Uncle Bill
The Clinton Foundation is the biggest unprosececuted charity fraud that ever existed!
Puerto Rican's better hide their children and there money too. #Haiti
U did a great job in the Dominican Republic too. Oh wait, u ripped them off and did nothing for them. Probley to fund your .#lolitaexpress trips. #DrainTheSwamp
Watch out Puerto Rico ask Haiti their living in cardboard boxes Clinton foundation folks living large.and watch out slick Willy likesm young
Bill, if you only treated women like you treat the poor.  The Clintons are going down and its about time.   Those who INVEST (donate) in the foundation you better pull out! Hillary and Bill are no long the king and queen of the US.
So disgusting, the "foundation" only gives 6% to the cause. Millions of dollars filling the Clinton's greedy pockets instead of feeding starving desperate people. Disgusting
Hello! There are information about especially dangerous criminals, we need your support, here are the names: Korzhavin Vladimir Nikolaevich, Mezentsev Dmitry, Miass, I also would like to implement a project to create a vaccine against all diseases (there are theoretical scientifi
Bill Clinton accusers revive allegations amid wave of harassment claims: 'It never goes away'
You people have NO Shame
This girl was a beautiful 20 year old who fell in love with a snake. Bill Clinton ruined her life.
We all know how Bill Clinton gives. Seen @atensnut’s new book? Bet it will outsell Hillary’s in the first hour.
Scam artist
Your stupidity knows no bounds
Speak for yourself bozo
Clinton Crime Syndicate 
WTF would give a dime to your floundering foundation given the fact a rapist runs it?
Keep up the amazing work 
blessings for the Clinton. very good humanitarian action to Puerto Rico
Let’s remember that the N Korea crisis that exists today is bc of the “deal” Bill Clinton made
#LittleRocketMan 

How can someone help in Puerto Rico - my husband and I can help in many ways! Put us to work!
Thank God for the Clinton Foundation
I miss him so much. Truly a humanitarian.
Th CF is there to steal from the PR people
Wow @BillClinton watching a AR reporter tell how much of a weird freak you are, I’m thinking you might just lose that pension but it’s too much to ask for prison time. Do you and @SenFranken trade stories about the weird kinky s**t you’re both into? So glad @HillaryClinton lost
LIES
And what is the Trump Foundation doing? Lining its pockets with money made by pumping the government. PR is not important. These American citizens can’t vote so they are useless to Repugs, including Trump
They also don't pay any federal taxes so how much money should they really get? What happened to Haiti's money?
@potus @DonaldJTrumpJr Clinton is at it again, trying to take advantage from Puerto Rico just like he did with Haitians.  Watch Him Closely!
Thoroughly debunked mythical nonsense but that's what happens when the weak minded have access to YouTube or Facebook to get their information. The internet should come with a straw to blow in like a breathalyzer and access is only granted when U have an IQ that is double digits
We  the Clinton family.
That is a real President.
Good job president Bill Clinton.
Get loan to facilitate your business,we give out financial facilities against SBLC from a rating bank
We can issue maximum of 100 million euro and below
1,Project financing
2,Startup business loan
3,Recapitalized company loan
For inquires
email: dougrichinvestorslimited@gmail.com
Great idea Mr President Cinton
2 words dan bongino
Hey BJ, did you rape anyone while you were in Puerto Rico?

Thank you President Clinton and Clinton Foundation!!
What about Haiti????   @seanhannity
Cite your source, plz provide links. No tabloids.
Let’s help Puerto Rico
Where can I get help in Arkansas or elsewhere? #Thanks
Check out
You Rock Mr. President.
GOD Bless You And The Clinton Family Always 
Clinton foundation..... biggest scam ever
How so? Charity watchdogs give it an A+. It is heavily scrutinized and subject to IRS audits and it a public charity making it even more closely monitored so pls enlighten me on how the scam works...or shut your cakehole.
Don't let him see your daughters... RUN! #BillClintonIsARapist
Thank you President Clinton. Did the group of our 5 last presidents sent a memo to the WH? You know, the "how to..."?
Lock up all your money and valuables Puerto Rico! The Clintons are coming!!
