#1) The Mentally Ill should not be able to get a gun
#2) Weapons comparable to the AR-15 should not be sold, distributed or trafficked.
#SandyHook
The Second Amendment doesn't mean that any firearms that can be made by man should be legal to own.  It simply states that we have the right to "bear arms".  It was written when the musket was the most advanced "arm" available.
Incorrect. We have the inalienable right to weapons capabal of over throwing an entrenched kgb style federal government. Obama, bushes and Clinton's are all in the same constitionally subversive group. You're scared. So you twist the truth.
Nobody should be able to have nukes. But they do. Having them  keeps others from using them. The regulations created an unaccountable kgb style overwatch that couldn't be touched or held accountable. they prey on vulnerabilities in human psychology. Sorry the strategy scares you.
You have no right to regulate Americans. Maybe violent criminals and refugees and other non Americans. Double speak Dems don't like that answer because that's their whole party.
There was a car wreck involving a drunk driver that killed two innocent people here yesterday.... we should outlaw drunk driving..... oh wait....whoops.
Well, there are common-sense laws against drinking and driving. It’s reasonable to assume that if there weren’t that there would be even more DUI deaths and injuries.
Same goes for gun laws
So what additional gun laws do you suggest?
Honest question: what gun law would have prevented Sandy Hook? I hear the slogan "common-sense gun laws" often, but for those of us who don't think in slogans, what exactly are we talking about?
Why aren't those gun controls working in Chicago?
Because guns cross state lines ... duh.
Because the only way to stop a bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun. They took the guns from all the good guys there. That's why.
How can you tell the difference?
My point here is that the only people listening to the Chicago gun laws are the good guys. That lets the bad guys run rampant. Let the people arm themselves and the bad guys won't run free from fear of anyone stopping them.
Arming everyone doesn't help more guns means more gun deaths
She would feel much more comfortable if the whole world was blind.
Yes, please blindly follow. That's my one wish.  Hand them your weapons and pray the police come fast enough to save you when you need help. Don't dare defend yourself.
Absolutely
USE 0.2 btc and you'll be earning =0.1 btc every week
USE 0.1 btc and you'll be earning =0.09 btc every week
USE 0.05 btc and you'll be earning = 0.07 btc every week
USE  0.03 btc and you'll be earning 0.05 btc every week. DM me if interested
They whole purpose is to take guns away from americans .anyone knows communist policy knows thats a big part of taking over
It’s to bad the previous administration did NOTHING with the 8 years they had in office to address this issue.
Why is the previous administration’s failure always a license for this administration ‘s continued failure?
It’s not, but it’s a reality. Your obviously a Dem /Lib,  you never held the Obama administration accountable for these exact same shooting and situations, only now are you speaking up.  Be consistent at least and not party driven
Oh come on now we all know Sandy Hook is a hoax and you just blatantly bring it up it already created more gun laws then needed that's what the hoax was about capture and create more gun laws so we cannot protect ourselves against are rogue government you've developed
Never forget Sandy Hook or Las Vegas!
WE NEED CHRISTIAN TEACHINGS BROUGHT BACK INTO OUR SCHOOLS!! NOT GUN TEACHING!! I THINK TRUMP HAS THE RIGHT IDEA ABOUT THIS PROBLEM!!

gun laws would not have prevented this.  Unless the teachers had guns in their classrooms...that may be stopped him.
Bill, can you explain what a common sense gun law is?
Why is your wife not in Prison for letting our boys and Ambassador in Benghazi  be murdered and knowing she could had sent them help, But told everyone to stand down hypocrite
A far different sentiment than that of the alt-right..who not only promote gun ownership for all without control..but have cast doubt on the mourning families of Sandy Hook. How uttetly despicable. There is nothing the current admin and Repub. party can do to redeem themselves.
NRA offered a comprehensive plan to keep our kids safe, but Obama refused. Ideology over the kids.
Yeahhhh.......no. Sorry. Gotta veto you with the 2nd Amendment, amigo. Ever heard of it? It's in that thing called the Bill of Rights. Right next to that thing called the Constitution of the United States. Ask Khan. Khan's got a copy of it. The one his son died to protect/defend.
A common sense president would help immensely as well....

Criminals dont follow laws  and for people like Bill clinton to preach laws is absurd.sence he has broke so many..and anyone backs him same
I love you Bill.
What we need is more guns in the hands of good people. Look at Iran those people don't have a chance. Now what is important today is to Release the FISA memo the people deserve to know
Yes! Clinton for presid...... ah.....
A long as there are liberals the rest of us need guns.
I’m all for preventing horrible tragic situations like this, but what laws would prevent this?
Americans are ten times more likely to be killed by guns than other developed countries. Maybe we should ask those other countries how they do it?
Or we can look into their gun laws
Thank you Mr. President! #neverforget
hoax - adam lanza died 2 days before sandy crook - the things people do to try and get rid of American's guns is crazy. But to be honest, my favorite was the medical examiner - that guy was funny, i keep his video bookmarked when having a bad day.
What statists and leftists define as 'common sense' do not align with actual common sense in any form, Bubba.
"Mourning and Remembering" just as worthless and transparent as passing on your thoughts and prayers. So disillusioned with my leaders. #justasking words

Ya yes Bill is absolutely all right people of U.S. you need a gun's law to be strictly and carefully review all who haved and we're is on wich hand will be first alway criminal records check Ya Tick Sam Love

Use your influence to champion strides in mental health! Equal effort on that may have real results.
More gun laws..that'll stop the criminals.
Not getting into a gun debate. Would stop some, obviously not all, or at the very least make it more difficult. This is my opinion.
It'll stop law abiding citizens from having guns..that's not the demo I'm really worried about..that's about it..but opinions and stuff
How would it stop law abiding citizens?
Like no gun zones..who does that stop from carrying
No I asked how it would stop law abiding citizens from having guns... that’s what you said.
"Having" a gun on you..is what i meant

But to answer the "buying" a Gun part..
I'm sure they could make it difficult as shit to buy one....look at any government ran entity
It shouldn’t be as easy as buying a box of cereal lol if you think it should there’s no reason to debate this.
No one should own a military assault rifle. Every other civilized country in the world knows this.
Well said, Bill! Time for #GunControlNOW!
The electorates should  know what to do in the mid-term elections  next year so that their voices  will be heard through the ballot. We  learned from the U.S authorities  that the killer acquired all those  weapons(42 guns) legally. Can you  imagine such ''freedom?!".
Please, contact me, l make the killers non-existing
@BillClinton just words!
It's nice to tweet happy thoughts calling for gun control, but the Democrats didn't pass real protections when in control  and the Republicans won't do anything now. Less bullshitting on Twitter more courageous stands to end this epidemic of death needed.
we have gun laws dumb
Not to mention semi-automatic or automatic riffles? The carnage in  Las Vegas is likely to happen elsewhere if drastic is not taken to curb  easy access to high caliber weapons. Why are the Republicans reluctant  to legislate and act decisively on gun control?
Yes. We must keep fighting for common sense gun laws. Thanks for all you and @HillaryClinton do to bring attention to this very serious issue. #Onward
It’s not a serious issue with law bidding people 
It’s the criminal element that doesn’t care one way or another.
“Outlaw guns and only the outlaws will have guns!”
THINK!!!!
By banning gun free zones and allow conceal and carry to transfer across state lines! We need to act
Exactly! More good guys with guns will shut the bad guys down. Why is this such a hard concept?
It's a shame the women that were abused did not have concealed carry licenses isn't it Bill?
Amazing how many of them
Bill with respect 
Its not the guns, or the gun laws its the people are the problem.its strange you blame the guns or gun laws but American never to blame .. strange
We need to ban ALL guns. Now. Simple as that. Give people a gun amnesty when they can hand in theirs and then start police searches of houses. #NoMoreGunDeaths
Two people like your idea of police going into houses in order to search private citizens property for guns. 
That's telling.
That's because it's a reply. If I retweet onto my main timeline then more will see it and support it. Watch...
Just don't include me please. I don't need a bunch of SJW's all over my page tonight.  I'm taking a night off from being a nazi.
Shall not be infringed....

#hypocrisy on display.

There is no law that could have prevented this except...repeal of the Second Amendment which is a goal of leftists.
The man was mentally ill. After this event, laws were passed to make it harder for the mentally ill to purchase weapons. Trump reversed that decision.
He used his mother’s guns you moron! Secondly, that moronic Obama law prevented people on SSD and SSI as well as retired citizens on Soc Sec from purchasing. It was a leap toward ridding the Second Amendment. Thank God for Trump #maga

That’s an answer?
Tell us, Bill... which gun law would you pass that would have prevented Sandy Hook or any other similar event?
Who is pushing them? Do tell! Democrats had control of congress in the first years of the Obama administration and didn't fix the problem. I never hear anything from them except on anniversaries, so I'll have to assume it's BS and they are as in bed with the NRA as the GOP.
Trump Reward Saudi War Crimes in #Yemen with Weapons #1000DaysOfWarOnYemen
Sadly, Pres. @BillClinton, if Sandy Hook meant something, effective #guncontrol would be in place by now. #NRA wins. Everyone else loses
President Clinton, you could have done so much better. You helped to fill prisons and encourage the over-policing of low income areas by law enforcement. You need to speak more often about these mistakes that continue to have ramifications today. You had your chance!
Fuck off Bill I got fired by the US SS for not killing a child which in turn got me my British SIS job and why you so afraid of guns someone stick you up before.  I am okay with making people check gins in in the cities buy out here you aint taking our guns.  Hahahaha Marry Xmas
The congress is too incompetent to even remove bump stocks. Only option is to replace @gop #CleanSweep
We need common sense laws against sexual predators like yourself.
Gun law? Where the gun make? Sometimes the brainwave frequency leader is out of logic until their own “gun” also fall victim as their own threat! You need to protect your own “gun” first! Unless you start to tweet about your nsa brainwave frequency control!
Despite the fact that cites with more gun laws have more gun related crimes than cities of relative size.
....and to this day, NOTHING has been done to help stop this! The NRA & their stooges, the Republican party, have blood on their hands!
Lol. You do realize there are many people who identify as democrat that are part of the NRA right?
The NRA funds mostly Republican Senators and Reps
It's hard to take you seriously...wrong messenger
Abuser of women how about an apology them talk about other issues please
I recently returned from a 3 month stay in Shanghai, China. The #1 question directed at me was (very politely) What is it with all the guns in America? Hard question to answer!
You really need to go away. Please.
C'mon @BillClinton. What we need are honest politicians who address the issue earnestly.  How many die each year from alcohol-related death's (for example)? Let's prioritize our LIMITED resources and attack those leading causes of death. I know you're smart, Bill. You can do it.
‘Cept for police & military, only evil bastards own guns. & they will shoot em up for sure if we don’t ban guns from all civilians.
Agreed! #SandyHook
What's a sandy hook?  Is that a beach game?
& a common sense President with a fully functional brain..
Do you know who Väinämöinen is? I believe he once had sexual encounter with you. Do you remember it? I have a videotape of it.

I know you and Hillary will continue to fight for what this country needs.
False flag!! You're not kidding those of us who know the truth!
Set an example Bill.... disarm your around the clock security detail!!!
The fact that the NRA owns the current president and GOP, I doubt anything will be done, now.
They can start by banning and confiscating all assault weapons and. Making it illegal for members of Congress to accept bribery money from the NRA
We already have 20,000+ gun laws in this country. Well over 95% of mass shootings take place in “gun free zones,” Sandy Hook being one of them. 

What we need is enforcement of existing laws and a heavy concentration on mental health issues, not more gun laws
Nashville news yesterday stated that every other day for the past year a child in our state has died from a gun shot. That and I've noticed 3 shootings a night have become every day occurrence. It's sad.
Modify laws and work hard with values among adolescents, the family unit and many apsects that have been forgotten.
Didn't Connecticut already have the type of gun laws in place that liberals want to see instilled nationwide?
Crawl back in your hole Clinton
Works so well in Chicago 
As long as we have satanic globalist leaders like yourself in the world. We will keep our guns and our gun rights. #MolonLabe
Oh, common sense gun laws would remove all the people who use them illegally from this planet. And I know that you agree even if you can't say it.
Can we get your voice involved in what going on in this WH. This junk tax bill, health care, all the destructive stuff this moron is doing to American. President Clinton your voice is needed.
The laws mean nothing if you don't enforce them. So it's safer for Americans to carry there own protection. Becides your a terrible example.

We don't need gun control, we need rapist control. #BillClintonIsARapist
We have common sense gun laws. We need more mental health clinics.
You should be in jail
Bill you did have sexual relations with those women & it's okay
It all boils down to the rights under 2nd Amendment strongly supported by the political clout of the #NRA, allowing every American to bear arms. Until major changes are made to the Constitution & the NRA is neutered, these killings will continue! America the choice is yours!
It's getting to the stage where no one bats an eyelid about such horrors! It's apparently part of US psyche that guns are a right! Until that changes the shootings will keep happening!
#ThankYouPresidentClinton
No, We need common sense leaders. Its why we elected POTUS TRUMP. *MEGA
If only we had a leader that could /would champion thus cause.
Is Trump a good president for people living in the United States?
I agree thank you for message James
It’s too soon to talk about common sense gun control laws.

Right, @NRA?
How about free guns for criminals. No matter what law you make, criminals will always be able to purchase on the streets. So then who are we penalizing? Those terrible law abiding Americans???? Think About it. What can’t criminals get?? What can’t terrorist get?
Gun control #NRA is the problem.  Lobbies for more deregulation.
I disagree. People need to change how they treat people, and what they portray in public. Political correctness, or how to treat others, began in the US with guns, with euro-americans demanding freedom from government oppression and the opinions of others being forced onto them.
Uh oh, did you leave Hill alone in the woods?  Re: Gun control, why not start with enforcing the laws already on the books!
Reality has showed us that as long as the gun lobby controls the puppets in Congress, there will not be common sense gun legislation. How many people must die at the hands of people with any assault weapons?
Keep guns out of the hands of Democrats and gun crime will drop 90%.
How are those “common sense” drug laws working out?
Enforce the laws already in place.
Notice fellow citizens that no words of remembrance from Trump on the Sandy Hook tragedy
But, Mr. Clinton, who will decide the laws, and will they use common sense. The vast majority of lawyers and politicians, do not display common sense when it comes to the common public, only what benefits THERE agenda. So, where does that leave the common man to protect his famil
...against criminal, that have open access to a plethora of illegal weapons on the street. I postulate, that the law is not the answer, but rather, education.
How about we actually enforce the laws we have now first and give the police more help to enforce them
We will restore law and order in America,then you bill clinton along with your wife will be held accountable.
In response, the Republicans take away the 250.00 credit for teachers buying school supplies
FU Bill. That had nothing to do with gun laws.
Why did you lie about @MonicaLewinsky ? Answer me now!

oral sex
19 years ago. What were you doing that day, Bill? Seems like yesterday to some. You know who.
GUN CONTROL NEEDED TODAY.
BAN AUTO AND SEMI AUTO GUNS. THEY HAVE NO PLACE IN SOCIETY
Thank you Mr. President.
#Repeal2A #SandyHook
How bout putting a Holy Bible in every classroom. And asking, How you doing in the Lord today? How are you doing in the Lord today Mr. President? You are a living President of a Christian Nation. Leviticus ch. 26. I have the Spirit of The Lord in me. Bible:power:Presidents:class.
Mmm.....no
Arms and ammunition has the purpose of safeguarding lives without agreeing to humiliate human existence with invitation to unwelcome punishments.The pledge to protect lives is a fundamental responsibility and should have no excuse for its proper execution.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS Can Congress make this a priority please?
@BillClinton what have we done since Timothy McVeigh? We get profiled for our tribal license plates. You are family and I don't even get a decent response. You are out of touch! I am your cousin and yet you don't listen.
We need guns to protect us against sexual predators 
The laws that we already have should have stopped the sandy hook shooter  he was a confirmed problem and it still happened the laws are not the issue nor is it the guns fix the mental health problems
Hear, hear!!! Mr. President, I, for one, am sick and tired of pronouncing teenagers who are brought to our ER full of lead. Where do kids get guns? From merchants of death who smuggle them across our borders.
We need to first prevent Rapist like Bill from going anywhere near a school.
Where is the money your foundation stole in Haiti
How about the victims of Obama’s Operation Fast and Furious?
What we need to do is get rid of ammunition first and then slowly make it impossible to own a gun by phasing out the manufacturing push heavy regulation on them that will drive the price of manufacturing through the roof which will be passed on in Sales.
Bill Clinton is a rapist.  Of course he wants to ban guns.
Words from a real #president
So you are going to take away the guns of citizens who won't attack anyone and have them unprotected when law breaking criminals rob them? I don't think so
Clinton you paedophile and war criminal, you know sandy hook was staged. How's your aids treatment going by the way?
Do you believe any Criminal follows any gun laws all these gun laws do is restrict a legal gun owner
We miss you in the White House! Merry Christmas to all the Clintons!
Amen, Mr. President.
Thought end diversity/chain migration would take care of this- or was that DRoof/or Vegas. Must be easy to apprch complexity like Republican
Never Forget Sandy Hook and I totally agree Bill, we need gun laws. Too many mass shootings. Thank you for being a leader and a voice on this.
Amen
How many guns do you have bozo! I'd say don't lie but for you that's impossible!
Talk more about John Mulaney
Thank you this is so true something have got to be done about all this killing  we need Peace and love not Guns why do people need to have so many Guns no one should have no more than one Gun per household no one should have Guns that is used in the Military No one should have
I’m not seeing average citizens w military weapons. Where is this happening?
What the world needs is true Jesus followers
Rapist
Funny lots of talk NO ACTION where is the Dem talking about this over and over. Where is the “Gun Contol March on Washington “ nope aaaand nope. Dems like to talk but do nothing. And yes I hate Trump and an indy
Am an indy*
#BillClintonisaRapist
Don’t push too hard or your old ass will fall over. Go retire somewhere and keep your thoughts to yourself for once in your life. Still love ya Wild Bill but seriously grandpas ought not be tweeting.

You are no longer relevant.
I hope that with "common-sense gun laws" you mean a complete ban of firearms like it is prevailing over here in Europe.
Wireless Charger for Phone
%30 OFF
http://bit.ly/2Ai5BJ8 
As a relative of 3 victims of gun violence (RIP John, Reggie & Tony), I kneel in solidarity w/Sandy Hook. Those precious babies matter. They are too important 2B ignored. We as a nation must rise up against the GOP/NRA/Koch oligarchy & stop this madness. #EndGunViolenceNOW
Or maybe we need Common Sense people in the government
I was sharing for Gud reasons cause of remember the sandy hook event !!!
Regular people shouldn't have guns. Just the police & military should have guns
Whatever sex scandal bill
