Did Hillary suck Weinstein's dick after he payed to get you off the hook for sexual misconduct?
Dammit...typo:paid
Hello from Belgium 
Where are you. Mr. Clinton?  We need you more than ever.
Keep aways from dem young womens you old doggie dog
Was Monica Lewinsky trying 2 B a young leader at 18 working at white house staff? How did that go? A lot of inspiration or perspiration?
Thanks...


http://ThePayz.com/?refer=36928 
And life just goes on for you Clinton’s like you did nothing corrupt in your lives. There’s only one judge & he’s bigger than you or me both
Stevie, how does your current President compare? https://trumpwatchdogs.com/2017/07/24/trump-model-management-investigated-for-violating-teenagers-and-immigration-laws/ … #HimThough #TrumpModelManagement
Remember how inspired you were in 1998 ? Awe the good old days impeachment very inspiring
And getting said impeachment thrown out by the Senate...my favorite part! 
So your saying that you have absolute faith in your United States Senate? Very interesting. About 95% of Americans don't.
Since the Congress has been gerrymandered into a Republican shithole , it's no wonder 95% of Americans have no faith in the Senate or House
And the stock market was doing so well under Obama? And Black people dont kill other black people in Chicago right? Lies never end with Libs
Obama was mixed...a poor choice to represent black people
I bet you are especially the young females! Perv pres!


The volunteer with university students is very good and I think university students are new powers in the society.

Hey Hillary Clinton, your husband literally settled a sexual assault lawsuit, so how about shutting the F up?
You  seem to be inspired by anything “young.”
Just the girls right?
Great

Even ditched secret service 

Flight logs show Bill Clinton flew on sex offender's jet more than previously known

…
https://youtu.be/Qd_uyLf9JWI 
We need you back @BillClinton
Be blessed Shabat Shalom
Marcus Dwayne Gonzalez
Aka
Malik Dawood Goines 
Haha had to use a Penn name
Yes I am only a security guard, but I am an educated voter, who has ideas and a vision for this country.
So please let Madame Secretary know that my be tough comments, and more like Golda where to encourage and not to make her feel angry.
I was not ready to let gridlock happen, and like all Americans I wanted actions and results
The one thing that made me take action is that while I get mad as heck at some of the things that go on in America, I do love this country.
Don't support.
Are radical and even drastic with my approaches to finding ways to pay for programs. I would also say there are programs out there that I
I also like Senator Liberman feel it's necessary to find ways to pay for these policies before we try to enact them. I would say my methods
believe in
Not getting all of what I suggested in play, that's why I put the call out for Americans to fight for everything, and every policy they
Tell Made Secretary that while I gave them both my suggestions, I gave her my vote, but president Trump actually listened, and while I am
I was just trying to stay in shape till it was time to leave from meps
Memorial hospital
Under there insurance, so I don't understand why, they said call my daddy I called.my Sargent as instructed, he drove me back from grady
Forth a just claim.
Unwillingness to state the facts correctly. For almost ten years they denied having the xrays, the medical records and any attempts to bring
To the system, maybe it will make for great comedy. Mr. President please believe me it's just frustration with trial in absentia and there
Maybe the pain will be a jolt
They asked for new evidence do you think they need to see the video
A simple insurance claim on a 10 Percent disability to my left hand
They also forget that my time in service and the dates are incorrectly stated. It's more than 20 years and they refuse to honor that and
Reference a 21 inch knife wound and back injured as my reason for not completing my enlisted service
I was also disheartened that the U.S. Army continues to deny and confuse my hand crush injury. They have all the paperwork and continue to
Served.
Very down to earth, but I am so hurt by the attacks on Constitutional freedoms, and was shocked at the few Congress person's who actually...
Love you Bill even though I had to switch sides.
@ChelseaClinton @CGIU @Livestream What a joke.

Yes we will
Yes Inspired by Young Girls Leaders with a Passion problem is, it's the wrong type of Passion
Only a Kennedy can restore hope right now!  #Kennedy2020
Especially the young females right Uncle Bill?

https://twitter.com/hotfunkytown/status/919289809738391553 …
On your death bed. Lay out the Zionist Jew plan for the world. If you want to call yourself a man. Incriminating the Bush family. Thanks
Hearing your Health is Poor.  Legal Americans Aren't Praying for ANY CLINTON or McCain 
The President can afford his health care, he can sleep at night, he says he is rich
The President can use his pen to do away health care for poor, use your pen to do away with your health care
Can you spot the number 11?
Bill Clinton-sexual preditor. Hillary Clinton-self serving liar Chelsea Clinton-delusional. Pinnacle of corrupt American Parasites!
You are the best
Say Bill, do u know where I can get a free copy of your wife’s book? Just asking!
Powie father of lies the devil is hard at work with the no morals depraved Clinton family powie i spit on Clinton name
Hi Mr. Clinton please spread Cultural Marxism.  I think it will be great in destroying freedom and prosperity.  So everyone can be equal.
Thank you. You are a great role model to all of us.
Truly laughable!!!   Guess U would be a great role model for an inspiring sexual predator!!
Geeezzz!   Low standards!  
Great work Mr President. I am an alumni from Northeastern university. Was there all through your 8 years of presidency.
You fooled them didn't you Slick Willie, you will never fool God though.
My family!Thank you President!!I love everything about you and your family!!!
Do love these women to..they know him
Power=Corruption
Any pretty young things among the members,  Bill? Keep your eyes open and you hands free, baby!
http://www.albertpeia.com/oxfordassault.htm …
My daughter is there now!! Thank you for giving all of these amazing young people a platform....
#killary comparing #Wienstein to #Trump is laughable. Closer comparison is @BillClinton @POTUS hasn't had anyone come forward #ClintonCartel
Thank you for all that you do and for your continued leadership in the world. 


#BarackObama #MichelleObama #BillClinton #RapistBill #HillaryClinton #JoeBiden #ChelseaClinton #JuanitaBroaddrick #KathleenWilly #PaulaJones https://twitter.com/ivan_trumpovic/status/919161143553228800 …

We all know Sick Willie, that you love the "YOUNG" ones...Wasn't Monica younger than @ChelseaClinton when you abused her???
Love to be part of @CGIU IF GIVEN a chance
Bill, I'm inspired by your 'leadership' lol


The trash don't fall far from the asshole tree...
When are you going to acknowledge Danny Williams as your son?  Why have you not brought him into your family?  Racist?
BILL CLINTON IS A RAPIST

Lol that's where you find your next victim you sick son of a bitch.
You have your own whistle.
Great man, doing great job to make our world greater. First African American president. Bless you.
Bill isn't African American. Do you even know who slick Willie is?
911@realDonaldTrump MONICA LEWINSKYKREETA CAMERON DIAZ PARK
God we miss you president Clinton! You didn't let GOP do this to America and refused their bullying. Can't you help us? Make some calls?
Are you going to tell them about this Bill?
Are you sure you didn't mean you're inspired by the young women?
#Harvey Weinstein #bestfriend #fellow #rapist
Please don’t hope. No one has time. Hope young leaders not to inspired by you sir!
Hide Your Daughters from @CGIU   @BillClinton is the teacher & @HarveyWeinstein is his assistant!  Creepers!
I think it is very important that an interchange of college students’ leaders.
I've notice you, your wife, and Obama's have not tweeted at all about your good buddy Harvey Weinstein. Is this to avoid legal issues?
That is the way it goes.3 of them got a lot from the crooks like them selves Sure don’t want get involves. God relieved their true colors.
Young female leaders?
We need you now more than ever -
شاهزاده رضا پهلوی تنها راه نجات ملت ایران
You inspire me and so many others!
Big cigar fan, are you? 
Don't rape them please, Bill.
Do they teach ethics and about interns or lying under oath?
Watched it live. Very encouraging in these troubling times.  Thank you President Clinton.
Thank you for what? Ripping people.

DANDY @realDonaldTrump
Inspired admitted sex abuser and rapist, uh oh hide your women!
That was trying to say. Glad some one said it!

The man had a private interlude with a consenting adult woman, he lied to protect his position and his family. He didn’t say grab them btp!
President Clinton' penetrated a young intern with a cigar in the oval office while under investigation for sexual misconduct
Exactly. Very well said! Leftists are morally bankrupt.
Sir, unless something is done by our elected reps, there may not be much left to celebrate.
Ya I bet, you mean young women!
Go away.

quizá primero veremos a ver si se despeja y me facilitan toda la información
.

Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein, chats with sex-predator Bill Clinton and his daughter.... NICE TOUCH ON THE SHOULDER, EH ?
.
Gotta protect those big democrat donors
.
YOU BET YA !!!!
Bill...go away!
You must be squirming in your boots. This H Weinstein issue is reminding the world of all the twisted things that you did in the Oval Office
Yea we know how much u love those young leaders younger the better for u
Please help the Kurds to confront the Shiite and Iranian masses in the Kurdistan region
Miss you Bill
Do you think his victims miss him too?
What victims Trump is start shit all over the place
Your comment doesn't make sense.
I got to NU- you're responsible for so much suffering around the globe & your family has played an outsized role to stymie human progress
my assumption: those folk who want to be on the subhuman track of thought & use its logic will be the ones that are subverting human rights.
I remember this young leader inspired you
https://twitter.com/jacksonramos01/status/918915742774583296 …
understanding that they're on the subhuman track of thought can help folk elevate themselves so they think beyond it?
"...didn't care what their SUBRACE was." this distinction helps folk understand they're using the subhuman system of logic when they say it.
it helps folk who do not want to b on the subhuman track of thought; ones that want to b on it are a different story.
understanding that they're on the subhuman track of thought can help folk elevate themselves so they think beyond it?https://twitter.com/dagemh/status/919003118125436928 …
... but ... we need to settle on being part of the "human-race" as who we are for what i'm saying to make any sense.
it helps folk who do not want to b on the subhuman track of thought; ones that want to b on it are a different story.https://twitter.com/dagemh/status/919003668527140864 …
even the word interracial's weird, right? technically it just means we relate to each other using a human scale of thought, as human beings?
doing interracial (intersubracial) = being human.
even the word interracial's weird, right? technically it just means we relate to each other using a human scale of thought, as human beings?
Bravo. Love it!
Miss you and your Presidency.
Will we all survive this unhindged madman trump Presidency?
Part 1 & 2 available now on Amazon Kindle! Read to the children and help combat racism and promote equality!!!
And I get to sexually harass new girls
any of them blowing you?
Absolutely
Are you legally allowed around young people Bill ?
and as everyday reality gets better, governance gets better. as we build democracies, we must understand it'll only be as good as its demOS.
@sandras_story ... more power to you and your initiative.
and as everyday reality gets better, governance gets better. as we build democracies, we must understand it'll only be as good as its demOS.
And just what do you think a Clinton's initiative is?
CGI's foundational notion's to support intitiatives so they can grow. its not my business if you're meaning a Clinton's personal initiative.
since you got to ask me a random question, can i in turn ask you one ... what's a Trump-Construct-I-Con's initiative?
You hunting for more innocent young women as victims? Predator & pedophile. You are so gross. All the money in the world can't wash it away
Love the optimism for America. You learned early the path for a leader to take. "When you come to a fork in the road, take it!" - Yogi Berra
And, if you come upon two forks, take the wooden one & whittle it into something special, melt down the silver 1 for charity. - Curley Vegas
Any comment about Harvey Weinstein?
Yea, he taught him everything he knows!
Trolling for new interns and victims Bill?
Yo Bill what about Monica? Are you gonna apologize yet? @FoxNews
Why?  She's just as guilty.  Takes two.
Takes 2 toTango.Both are liar http://crooks.How  do you think they got rich tearting poor countries using money from his foundation.
money was supposed to help poor people instead help hem self That is why Clinton foundation was closed or still closed nothing went to poor.
Each day of the Trump presidency I get more pissed off at you and your incompetent wife
