Estaria bien
Nice
Merry christmas and happy new year and happy holidays To everybody.
Our Universe is amazing!  If we could all have the view of Earth from space we would all learn to appreciate our home even more!

These images look like a cartoon
These will be missed!  Thanks Science!!
And F U science deniers!
Can I believe in God and science
I totally believe in God and science. It doesn't have to be either/or.
Also, just look at the prophecies! Also pretty undeniable!

The country will succeed only when the country's policy will be successful.
http://ThePayz.com/?refer=36928 


We will give the answer to the terrorists if the citizens of the country are together.
We cant leave out this dome we live in
Cooler weather in my opinion on your phone number
I say vision to time to the six Astronauts will mission to land on Saturn in future
Yes indeed ! ;) Read this please !  It is time to came forward. I'm sure you know about this.  Thank you.  http://podcast.sjrdesign.net/files/070_RingmakersOfSaturn.pdf …
Agreed. Can't wait for the next chapter of outer planetary exploration. Cassini, was truly a cutting edge tour de force..
Nice pic
Damn son, no shame parading your Saturn Cult here?!  Ballsy and stupid.  Your post is giving off a real Esoteric/Babylonian/Rapey vibe.
Beautiful-ethereal
Really enjoyed this. Thanks for sharing.  
Please please please...never defund NASA. They bring us mere mortals inspiration, awe, hope, and sheer beauty.
Who are the Illuminati?  Those would be the people standing with key lights behind them.
Amazing . Thanks for sharing with us. We   Miss You Mr President !
You miss a serial rapist? Good to know.
Clinton how come you banned gays out of the military I remember cause I was about to enlist wen I was 16
Remember when you raped those girls
salut comment allez vous .?
All good things come to an end;.
"Now let me tell you something young man." For the longest time I tried to pin down your verbal style.  What do you sound like?
Authoritative, exasperated yet patient.  Then it hit me.  Your mom was a nurse.  That's were you get it.  "Ah feel your pain."  Yeah, right.

SURE HOPE GEORGE H.W BUSH FOUND HIS SOCKS@realDonaldTrump @ParisHilton B6603224/CA BOUNCE
https://www.gofundme.com/lost-it-all-in-harvey-texas …
What is wrong with your wife? It's sad to see her making a fool out of herself and you. You might want to talk with her. 
Shake hands, continue for future home
I UNDERSTAND YOU MAY BE A RAPIST ACCORDING TO INFOWARS DOT COM (Lol, you can all call me a Russian Bot now) Juanita Brodrick? That her name?
Why would she call and quit. Not statistically logical. U are 2 of the brightest people in USA.
Maybe you could tell your wife she lost 

Yay Cassini 
Hey Stpd Herd Duece An StnkerStone Had A Three Headed Love Child!Miss You AceTell Cali Said ello
Mr Clinton. I need you to know that it is not only possible but necessary and will be truly enjoyable. We only will need to keep brainfresh
help me
Rehana Fatema
Dutch Bangla Bank Bangladesh Ltd.
Shib Bari,Khulna.
Account no.-219918
swift DBBLBDDH.
Mobile no.  -  +8801718131727.
May I ask u for a financial help!
Rehana Fatema
+8801718131727
rehanarfis@gmail.com
God bless him
I've read your life's story. I always remember the death of your father at the age of 28! Does he know that his son was the president of us?

,How can posible to this climate WORST?-----Cartik

EVERYONE, please do whatever YOU CAN to help this post go VIRAL! #WednesdayWisdom 
Although, please please please pull some strings so Hillary can run again and get embarrassed by Trump in 2020. THAT WAS HILARIOUS! #MAGA.
So how many children out of wedlock do you have? It's ALL coming out very soon. You and Hillary should probably leave the country. 
Thanks Bill. You put us all in danger after your spineless weak deal with NOKO. You're a rapist and a liar. Is Loretta goiod in bed? 
Grettings from 
Have you seen your son @danney_williams lately?
https://www.gofundme.com/lost-it-all-in-harvey-texas …
work for the hunger free world
Remember when U.S. presidents could make insightful statements about science? Sigh.
So will Monica !


Good one Bill. Wish you can also be with us once we all will be able to have our bodies aligned to fly thought our universe. Working on it
Previously said about the Mars expedition-how are the schools?
Goto he'll stop these attacks
I read about this in the newspaper this morning and was in awe just looking at the picture!
Thank you Mr. President
what a rapist
اخبارك كيف حالك انت طيب ممكن نتحدث
I always thought you are into law.


Were there space-whores up there, Bill? That's what you usually spend your time understanding.
An amazing journey. . . 
Thank you Cassini Saturn and Science!  Thank you Mr. President!
the world.
Universe of understanding and love from God, Who remember those presidents who have done great contributions for their own country and
"When I was a baby/your age .@BillClinton was president, and #Pluto was a planet." @CassiniSaturn #Cassini (in old man/woman voice)
I hath not seen er herd nor mInD concevD yhat goD has 4 hu lov hIm'corIthIans 2 9
Yet 50% of the country still believes in some made up god. What a joke
BS! Why do people now a days still believe NASA? Your country is bankrupt, corrupt, broken and sick, YOU should fix that first, questions?
US is as great as it's citizens;30% are ignorant, but that 70% does miracles!
I pay my respect to you.
like it
OK
So enjoyed this! Thank you for posting! Beautiful!
Beautiful
My dad wrked on Cassini, since he's passed liked thnking it was out there with him in heaven. Sad it's gone. Hppy it did so mch. Like him :)
Lord how I miss an intelligent #POTUS  - 45 probably thinks Cassini is an Italian pasta that gave him gas at dinner that one time
Intelligent?  You call a rapist intelligent?
Let's have a cigar to celebrate. Wait, mine seems moist..
space achievement
That means it would have launched during your presidency, @BillClinton. I miss having a president who believes in science. #StillWithHer
Thank you PRESIDENT CLINTON, for all you. Still do for our world. You are awesome.
CRAWL@BACK IN YOUR HOLE, BUBBA,,,,,,,,



Congratulation! Cassini' success. I enjoyed the pictures of Saturn and its moons in NewYorkTimes's article.
nous remercions l'effort des chercheurs scientifiques.
We sure understand how faithful you were to your crooked old lady!  Now go away stay away don't need to hear from you
Nice thoughts, dear @BillClinton
Wow.  A president who understands and appreciates the value of science and scientists.  imagine that.
But not too understanding of women that say no.   How many did you rape?
加油Hope Hillary cheer up and start a new career.http://tothefoundation.blogspot.com/2017/09/why-i-wrote-this-blog.html?m=1 …
Do you think this Congress will put money in the budget for basic science? They're already cutting this type of program. Ignorance is bliss
Enlightening; Amazing
Thank you Mr President.
Way to go @BillClinton - Lol!
Cassini Probe Realizes Too Late This Was A Setup All Along http://trib.al/bVEeYZh  
Can you please run again?
Tell yourself wife she rocked on Rachel Maddow last night... Also tell her to troll trump and shred him to pieces on every tweet! 
Wait I take that back... Don't tell her, ask her.... She's pretty fiesty, not trying to get you in trouble! Lol
I don't think she minds... ask Monica..
My favorite planet..I will be sad to see it go
To infinity and beyond.
Undoubtedly True.
Hillary has to run again
This is a President
We still love you !
Thank you so much for sharing this!
Wish you would not have raped all those women
Thank you Mr. President: best since JFK whose centennial we celebrate with a flotilla crossing Buzzards Bay, MA -an Oxford alumnus
Except for the rape and sexual assault against women
And twenty three years ago you paved the way for North Korea to get nukes. There is a special place in Hades for you and you crooked wife.
Science-NOT-Silence!
m,. .mmm.llo OK lli.it. l.or  on lpolo.
Into too 8oIt's love It's
Great
I am astounded by these wonderful pictures! I'm so happy for what has been learned by this mission.
Amazing trip, thank you to everyone who made it happen!

loved your wifes interview with rachel she is presidential just like you 
and i cried
Thank you Pres Clinton...thank you for believing in science!
Too bad you don't believe women have the right to say no and not be raped
