Another one added to the cbbc?
You sure ur wife didn't do it
Did Hillary have him commit suicide?
I’m sorry for the loss of #KateSteinle
Of course you are sad. No more favors.
Yeah.. another victim of being in your presence.
Grow up little cupcake
You share a few young women when you saw him ???
The man is offering condolences and you tweet this garbage. Grow up little girl.
What do you think about people deciding NOT to elect a sexual predator?!? Aren’t you glad you’re not running NOW??
Huh? You know that Bloated scab sitting in the Oval Office? He was elected last year.
Bill is a rapist. For all of Trump’s disgusting behavior, he’s not accused of that. And don’t pretend all Dems didn’t fully embrace Clinton up until 5min ago. Neither party has moral high ground here. Both disgusting.


What about seth rich? Do you care about his death?
You missing a lot of friends.
Remember Vincent?
Lots of people seem to die on the Clinton's watch for some reason...and you just saw him last month...hmm!


Even though you abandoned me and only took care of Chelsea, I still want to thank you for giving me life. Happy Father's Day @billclinton. 
Pig
What dirt did he have on you?

Bless you for being part of the caring tribe ongoing ...
Pedo
Aids is a result of the humans disobedience to God's laws
Nice
Did you kill him too?  Bodies mounting.  Do you tell yourself the ones standing in the corner of your room aren't real?  LOL...they are REAL...Bill...they are REAL!
http://www.neonnettle.com/news/3396-big-pharma-boss-with-clinton-foundation-ties-found-dead-at-home …
Daddy?
Red Dawn: Communists occupy San Francisco
Bill how’s the Lewinsky’s lately? It must suck having Hillary smoke your cigar.
He certainly died to young but he was not friendly to the homeless, mentally ill and low income people living here. He was a mayor for the rich
“If you have nothing nice to say, keep quiet” is what my mom used to say!
I'm sure your headed down that same road! To many women and unprotected sex. The little round things are called condoms.
Sorry for your loss President Clinton.
It was great to see you and @mayoredlee and will remember this day always.

#NeverForget #Respect #LoveandKindness #LGBTQ #AIDS #SanFrancisco #California #UnitedStates
I wish you Merry Christmas. Best Regards, from Seoul, Korea.
As a Bay Area resident I can say we are sad and heartbroken at Mr. Lee’s passing.  He was a kind person who had the interest of his constituents at the top of his priorities.  He will be missed.
Am sure everyone misses Sanctuary Ed!
Hallo Bill and wife. Meget chrismas and Happy nye year.
I share my condolences
May his soul RIP

We are very grad to know you and your Bill Clinton Foundation we would Like to be in our Family foundation to success our goals.

老百姓用煤量只占到能源消耗的百分之七，却打着治理污染和雾霾的幌子，不让人们烧煤取暖！一立方米每日价格二点五元人民币，老百姓根本用不起！只能凑合用！
如果烧煤就会被拘留！请问中国共产党政府，雾霾如果是烧煤引起的，…

He will be missed.
Yeah you probably had him killed you are a murderer JFK 2 SDD
sorry for the loss sir but we trust in God for everything that's why we honor him as our father. RIP. Ed Lee
Aww; I miss you
Condolences


Rogelio nieto García Imágenes de amor para celulares
God bless his soul in peac
Put out the penis!
Did you and Hillary kill him?
Why don’t you do us all a favor? You and that old HAG of a wife yours can follow suit of the mayor..and CHECK OUT.
Brother's keeper loss,he be missed
Have my sympathy.
I am so sorry for your loss!
So sorry for the loss of your friend.  Always tough losing people we care about near the Holidays, we recently had a funeral for a loved one. Wish you and your family all the best.
Thank you!  Mayor Ed Lee will be missed.
Sorry For your loss @BillClinton

Surgeon who exposed Clinton Foundation corruption in Haiti found dead in apartment with stab wound to the chest https://www.intellihub.com/surgeon-who-exposed-clinton-foundation-corruption-in-haiti-found-dead-in-apartment-with-stab-wound-to-the-chest/ … via @intellihubnews
Tampa visit?
Sorry for your loss Mr president 
U should be sad also for killing children and making many of them orphans in IRAQ
Bill Clinton killed Ed Lee with a pair of nun chukas
good man
We are all saddened
May his soul rest in peace
You spitting any cotton lately., Mr. magoo?
Здравствуйте
My condolences for your loss!!
was he always a spectator at your gatherings
My symphony to you President Clinton. Arkansas misses you as well as America
How can you miss someone that you probably killed
Rip Mayor ED Lee
So will all the other people you have had killed.
Rapist
Ty Bill Clinton spoken like a true president
Unfortunately he approved Sanctuary city policy  !  Which results in crimes against Legal American citizens.
Those are words of a real politician! You are a brave lad; can't we have you back? Please! 
Sorry for your loss, Mr president. With that said, we need you to come back to work, there's a terrorist in the WH we need you to handle. #billclintonisliamneeson
Sorry for your loss mr president
Class Act,  he loved and fought hard for people in San Francisco and the Bay Area.  I’ll never forget what he did for miles scott, SF Batkid
My condolences to Mayor Ed Lee and his Family I wish to convey that all of my family gives thier deepest respect to all of his Family also mayor Ed Lees accomplishments and goals he bestode to the community we are humbly grateful He will be missed God Bless
My friend Montrail Brown was murdered on November 20th, 2017. Please help find his killers. If have any information please call the LAPD. His family and him need justice. Please help them. 

Please share!! 

Please repost this and get your friends too as well. He needs justice.
So sad, he will be missed.
How I you doing
Your prolly wishing it was Hillary we know how you feel
Please just go away.
You the realist alive Bill
You're a sexual predator! #Resist
Om shanti 

Such hate! A man has gone on to be with the Lord! His friend post his sadness and you attack his character! Wow! How low can you people go!
I don't think murderers are truly saddened by anything except getting caught. Plus, no one cares about a rapist's feelings.
Right the murderous, scandalous rapist is the victim and I'm evil for calling it out. Get your priorities and morals straight.
You are evil! I’ve read your tweets!
Such hate! A man has gone on to be with the Lord! His friend post his sadness and you attack his character! Wow! How low can you people go!
Who? I never heard of him. The media said he was Frisco’s mayor.
Yeah??? Right
A lot of the Clinton's Doctrines, is on full display in some of these Democratic Victories. Tied Ed Gillespie to Trump, and Hammer him. Tied Roy Moore to Trump, and Hammer them. Just like you used to tied all of your opponent to Newth Gingrich, and hammer them.
The Clinton's Dubbed the Bob Dole, Jack Kemp, Tax Plan, a Tax Scheme and I Dubbed the GOP Tax Plan, a Tax Scam. Its all a part of what we Affectionately Called the CLINTON GORE DOCTRINE. We have tons of research to make our Candidate Win
I would like for you Mr Bill Clinton you are deeply missed as President..
@HillaryClinton Thank you for inspiring me to do everything we can to weed out hate, an idea that transcends politics. When I pitched the idea to @VP,he hugged me for it. Composting hatred is a great spiritual Promised Land amendment for uniting our county Just in tiime for X-mas

#WePray
Very thoughtful,heartfelt and sincere words from a great president.
RIP

Been served w/ subpoena for CGI Mining in the #UraniumOne 'Matter' ?
Bet you're saddened by that too....
I know it hurts sorry for you Bill 
i'm reading your book.."my life"...great read; sad to hear bout your friend in san fran; merry Xmas mate - have a good one with your family.....be of good cheer...

The MAGAts are trolling. Block the troll.
Nice to read condolences from you and Hillary. Stick around. You both are needed.
Rip
Ok bill I can see ya
Sorry for the loss of ur freind he sounds like a pretty good man you know he'll be watching over u MR.CLINTON!!
We know he's not going to where Kate Steinle went after a 6 time deported illegal alien shot and killed her went, he'll be in hell for supporting these criminals over the citizens of the U.S.A.

Vous devez à Haïti l'argent de sa reconstruction de 2010 Mr Clinton co-président de la CIRH.
What a loss to the AAPI community.  Rest in peace,  Mayor Lee.
So all of you well wishers support a known sexual harasser and abuser? I bet you hate Roy Moore though. There is a term for that. "Hypocrites."
I share the pain with you and the bereave,the former American  president  I like most.
Condolences to his family
Please, deepest condolences to family and all. Kindly, have a nice day though Big Bro (FORMER) President, Bill Clinton. Good afternoon. Pat.
why isn't hillary  in jail yet? You should be too!
Not a Hillary supporter. Not sure what luberal is but I am a supporter for common sense. A trait that unfortunely you were born without. Putz..
Obama was better than Trump
Are you sure?


Grow up
Ok
please give my Christmas greetings to Hillary and the rest of the family.
@HillaryClinton wishing you and the Nation the kind of Light that can weed out hate and unite us all in love and peace
I advocate a unifying civic prayer, composting the bad into the good or uniting the American spirit. We need everyone, Muslims, Arabs, Jews, Blacks, Hisplanics, Native Americans, Asians, Republicans and Democrats.
I interpret goyim in kabbalistic sense.  To be Jewish, is to have awaken intention to connect with HaShem. Goyim refers to Nations of world. We need infuse their desires with ours as spiritual fuel to power humanity for Tikkun Olam
https://wioxday.com/collections/jewelry-accessory/products/shuangr-new-5-colors-beautiful-bracelet-for-women-colorful-austrian-crystal-fashion-heart-chain-bracelet …
Ah, me. I so miss the days when presidents were literate.
Condolences to you and his family
Sorry for your loss of your friend. :(

R.I.P
Thank you Mr. President
Trump is a liar
I want to merry him
Me too, god bless!
