Interesting how Dem ex Presidents are the ones who help others, unlike the Repubs
Seriously inappropriate
Curious why you feel compelled to say these things when we are just wishing a sick man a speedy recovery
working hard for others is a concept the current @POTUS has yet to understand ...
Your mind is so warped you can't see the work he has already done The bias news doesn't talk about it! Sad 
LOL ... and another comedian has come to share her thoughts

he did sh** ... he is nothing more than a turd polisher and you eat it all up!
You can't see how the economy is changing for the better?????
He's a LOSER, white trailer park trash with money ... a con man ... a fake watch salesman ...
Pay no attention to these hateful people Mr President...their orange leader is not and never will be fit to lick your boots..
First he isn't orange and second you will see this country turn around and become great again! It will be stronger and more respected
Yes. The entire world holding their breath to watch DJT do something right. Nope. Jimmy Carter, he is what good men act like. Now hush.
Oh please he was the worst president in history!
Your "guy" has already earned that title in the 5 mos he's sullied the white house. Jesus, has it only been five mos?
Coming from a Dem who only thinks their opinion the best! You demean anyone with a different opinion!! This is a free country last I checked
Who demeaned you? Pretty sure you initiated this thread by demeaning a sick former President. Hmmmm.
I only stated the truth What did he do for the country? Dems demeaned Trump since he was elected! No one ever held a bloody head of Carter!
@ChelseaClinton a great American, whose deeds match his words! Still doing it at 92! God bless him! 
He is the best
Hang in there  Mr Prsident
I adore President Carter. He is amazing.
Yes. He sure is!
You remember falls road in Belfast years ago? I asked you about Roswell for a laugh and you answered on national TV 
Yes Carter does great work unlike your faux foundation for self gain. # Haiti audit please
It's be nice if you were thinking about ur son @danney_williams who u abandoned
I think Jimmy Carter is the best human being on the planet,I was so proud that he was my first vote for President in 1980 !
I was an independent and my first vote ever was far jimmy carter
Great !
amen
Former President Carter is an American treasure and an example for all. Thank you for all you do as well President Clinton.
My he recover fast in the grace of God
Thinking of Jimmy Carter today. He was working hard helping others through Habitat. I wish him a speedy recovery.
Go Jimmy!!
Smoked any Monica cigars lately

Love the pure and straight forward honesty of President Jimmy Carter.
We all join you in our prayers for prez Jimmy Carter 's speedy recovery,  prez Clinton
And what about that poor Haitian official who died in a "suicide" who was expose the Clinton Foundation? #WheresthemoneyBill
We love you, jimmy carter!
President Carter was one of the best presidents in this country besides Abraham Lincoln and President Obama he was a peoples person & loved
President carter is a man of integrity and honor. We miss that in politics today.
Well nobody is thinking of you 
Let's be honest you're a Trump supporter so the chances of you thinking at all are very slim

President Carter never asks for much except another house to build. Wishing him that one more house, Hydrate Hydrate.
He shall overcome ..we love him
I love Jimmy Carter however Habitat did nothing for Jersey Shore Hurricane Victums
Big Disaster-not enough resources
Amen to that
While not a great President, Jimmy Carter is a very decent, humble man we can all learn from.
Amazing man!
God speed Pres. Carter
We join in prayers for his speedy recovery
PRAYERS FOR HIM
Miss ya,bill and Hillary. What a mess our country is in now.  How the heck did this happen??? We need your help!!
It happened when Obama got elected for 8 years!!!
Sure you are....Sure
 LMAO
the stuff u took from White House after your impeachment which people seem to forget boggles my mind
Billy Jeff.    Please help the Democratic Party

Between Monica and all this North Korea crap u got us in, u should just disappear into retirement!

I think you just wish you were roaming the halls of the WH looking to get your dick wet (again)
This man is and always has been a true Christian and a really good person wish more of our politicians would lead by his example

He is a true American Hero!
Get well soon, President Carter

Trump take note.
Former President get well and keep on keeping on.
Forgot the Former President Jimmy Carter doing what he and his wife do best, helping others. Get well Jimmy.
Do you ever think about Monica?
Ahhhh Lee..
Great to hear from you President Clinton. We're also thinking of Pres. Carter, an amazing human being as well.
@CarterCenter if it wasn't for his presidency my American story would have never been a possibility I owe my existence to president Carter
How so?
His increase to human services and creation of the department of ed allowed my young immigrant parents a path to success & naturalization.
Thanks for sharing that. President Carter is a very special man.
He's my personal hero. I wish I can reach my 90s some day and be building homes for the less fortunate. The epitome of presidential.
I sincerely hope that you and Hillary are doing well, Mr. President.  We miss you.
The country was healthy and prosperous during that glorious 8 years. The GOP wasted millions of dollars just to prove he wasn't perfect.
President Clinton was one of the best. Balanced budget, surplus, economy great. Good times!!
He's one of the kindest and most generous men. The world needs more people like him.
How many houses has he paid the mortgage in full by surprise for people? How many college tuitions has he paid for?
what is your point Roxy ?
Troll is trying to promote unfounded urban myths about Trump's "generosity". Trump does not even pay people the money he OWES them.
god bless the both of you bill!
Danny williams
Maybe put your thoughts into Trump. He was working hard all day for the deplomacy and securities of our great nation.
Laughing Ace I will say a prayer for you obviously life is not been kind to you to be that mean but you can take him lessons from Trump
How is that mean? The prayer should be utilized where best needed. The Democraps
Jimmy, doing more for the world in one day than Trump can do in a term.
He gave away the Panama Canal. One of the worst moves in our history
Was it one of the worst moves? Worse than slavery, internment camps, and human testing?
You mean the slavery brought about by the democrats? And yes, it was a critical blow to our long term sovereignty.
ok, crazy
Nice counter argument
Alex Jones much?
Establishment media much?
Pres Carter in his 90's continuing to help with Habitat with Humanity while 45 is making an ass out of himself in France. 

What a great humble president. There is no such thing as ex in the eyes of God. Let the will of God be done for a true man of G
Amen
Oh no!  Prayers sent!
DEMOCRATS did this 
.your legacy ..your wife and un are terrorist https://twitter.com/ssssylynn88/status/885916037224558592 …
You should be president .i voted for your wife only because i knew you'd be in there somewhere.....Reagan clinton best prezs of my lifetime.
Oh how I miss you.
Carter the god father of chaos! We all have him to thank for creating radical Islam
Dr.'s here in Winnipeg took good care of this wonderful man
Thinking of the Carter family.  Oh, how I wish you or your wife was  sitting in the WH!  If only the "come back kid" could come back!  
What happened to Jimmy Carter???
We needed him for four more years.
While Carter was working to help other people you
wer working hard to put more money in your bank
account.
At 92 years of age!!  What an amazing example to all Americans helping out those who may be less fortunate.  Get well soon, Mr. President.
Jimmy Carter cares about people
Amen
President Carter is a true gentleman. Exact opposite of you! You, one of only two US Presdents to be impeached!
"stay hydrated and keep building", inspirational and dedicated to humanity - always! Class act! Get well soon!
Unlike the Clinton's that stole the charity money for Haiti and spent it on Chelsea's wedding. Remember Chelsea
Truly a Man of the people
I'm very glad he's recovering, Glad he wasn't attacked by another rabbit.
Why isn't the #FakePresident sending wishes
Anyone remember just how many women #slickwilly molested with cigars?  Or at least the year he was impeached?? #ClintonBodyCount #Benghazi
And what were you doing?
Thinking of Jimmy Carter today. oour thoughts are with him!
Ah yes , "Presidents", that's what we're missing 
Wishing former president J. Carter well
the only president that help the poor.
Carter a true christian
Thank you Mr President God Bless Him It appears he is doing well
@WedgeAloha #Resist Thank you! Pres Carter ops under Golden Rule! Topsy-Turvy, NOW! Good are mocked - Vile are emulated! Scary!
Get well soon
This should be top news!
Colluding w/Russiansis standard.I think a lot of #TRAITORS would do it-#trump#500BILLIONREASONS
#LOCKHIMUPDonnieat 39 Jr's not young
Mean while #45 was hitting on first lady of France?
He is a 
And your a Dem with only negativity to spew!
Oh, you mean like Bully in Chief, Trump? Sorry.
A real role model. He has been giving back.
Yeah...Real good man Bill. He literally gave the world today's Iran. Another great Dem move.
Prayers for. President. Carters. Health. God bless him and family
May god bless him
He was back at work today!
We have free healthcare for all Canadians and visiting presidents.
Bill Clinton is a rapist #infowar.com
We  You, President Clinton!
Mr Carter is a first-class human being, a humbling example of a life well-lived.
Of course you do...
@ChelseaClinton
Thinking of writing a book 'Fake Hillary' to compare the horrible Hillary tabloid invented and the real One that dedicated her to country.
He is the best example we have of a very good man. I'm in awe of him.
Thank you for being such a warm and thoughtful person Mr President.

Me too Mr President! 
We all wish him well.
Prayers for President Carter and our nation. The fact that such hatred was introduced into wishing a great man well is terribly sad.
Rapist and convicted sex offender that's disbarred and impeached. Alledged bastard daughter promoting the rapist through womens rights? WTF?
Get well, Jimmy!
Jimmy is a hero to the people. Drinking water jimmy!!!
A true gentleman who has become one of my heros.
Amen.

He went right back to work
He, like you,  Hilliary, and the Bushes are the hope Americans hang their hats on... we will rise again.
*Bushs
Such integrity with a pure heart...great man
And President Carter - wishing you well & a speedy recovery! You are LOVED by all of us Red and Blue and Independents xx NYC
Thank God he's under the care of the Canadian health system.

Please bill take Hillary on a cruise n romance her, so she will forget of running for anything ever. Or back to woods.
President Carter is a wonderful example of what we should all aspire to be like. Speedy recovery sir.
Jimmy is one hundred times the man that Trump will ever be.
He's in my hometown Winnipeg Manitoba Canada
thank you for your true service to mankind. You're one hell of a man. I earned your presidential fitness award. Get Well Mr. President. Love
Bless his heart
Of your many flaws, Mr. Clinton, I respect your candor and honesty of how brilliant Jimmy Carter truly is
Better'n Trump although as I recall you shunned this great human being throughout your presidency because...politics.
92 God Bless him.
Mr Carter is working hard now why don't you help the people of Haiti and give them  the money you disgracefully stole from them?
Thoughts & healing prayers with you JC @CarterCenter
Such a good man
He's an amazing man, physically working as hard as he does at his age. He's a tough one.
AMEN 
Bubba!  How's our #QueenHillary?
the man is amazing Grace in action
.@billclintonさん

Thinking of◯◯ today. He was working hard helping others through Habitat. I wish him a speedy recovery

Thank you very much.
Rock on Bill Clinton & Jimmy Carter, feel better.
You've done a beautiful thing with the CGI and your Foundation. Thank you and your family for your lifelong efforts at thankless politics.
A great man. Still working hard for the people well into his 90s.
In these times of crisis 4 Democracy,  we see how much we took our past Presidents 4 granted ! Thanks Bill &Hillary! GET WELL @JimmyCarter !
Sending thoughts and prayers to President Jimmy Carter....
Nice to see nice people doing nice things .it's so easy to be nice .
Bill, miss you and Hillary.  Thanks for your kind words about President Carter.
Well wishes jimmy
Carter is the Elder Statesman, you, Bush Sr, Bush Jr, and Obama need to aspire to.  Need role models Above the Fray more than ever, today.
You're not foolin anyone w that bullshit, cocksucka.
Absolutely
As a Canadian I thank President Carter for his continued hard work for those less fortunate than himself. Stay well. 
Very happy he is helping!! He is one of our good guys!Thank you Canada, for your support, till we get this cancer out of our WH!!   
You have this Canadian's support. My wife is from Florida and we cringe at what is happening in the US as she has family still there.
Did they vote for DJT? He won in Florida.  I can'tcant understand why they fell for his BS!!
No she's a Democrat and has lived here in Canada for 10 years.
All the best Mr Carter !He brought peace between Israel and Egypt !! Unlike the Oslo accords , this one is holding quite well !!
Get well soon!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Amen Mr President. We are all praying for President Carter.
Please God Bless !!
谢斌说让我用亚瑟？我还是觉得安琪拉好点？弄觉得呢？弄觉得我用撒英雄好点？
Where are all the fountain of youth drugs when you need them. Talking about cell regeneration. Let's get on that Bill. Be useful, vital ones
Why don't you start thinking about your own flesh & blood, @danney_williams ..such a horrible father.
Wouldn't it be great if the CURRENT president had a soul?
Ameen
Pls give Give Jimmy the laugh he needs.  He's the man.
What was a 198 year old doing working on houses in July?
Not the greatest president, but easily one of the greatest ex-presidents. Recover quickly and fully President Carter.
He is such an example
A true enlightened person who walks in the footsteps of Jesus.
Me too ,such a kind ,caring man for all people.
Carter I am amazing man.
Prayers for President Carter. 45 could learn something about humility from him.
You made me worry, seems he's ok though. Glad for that. Good guy!
One of our greatest presidents and an amazing human being. His wife as well. Sending both prayers for peace and acceptance.
Sending love and prayers to one of the great ones, get well #JimmyCarter  
A hard working American and humanitarian. Hope for the best.

i love Jimmy Carter and wish him a speedy recovery he is a fighter i love how hes still working in his 90s!
You are fucking AWESOME
Remember Atlanta 1992?
