He had his music. Alzheimer is so sad 
Happy Birthday! Hope you are enjoying your day w your family!
1 OF THE 3KS N MY MOTHER HAS "ALZHEIMERS"...SELECTIVE MEMORY. OR TRYING TO COVER UP FOR THE 3KS...COR PURGERY & OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE.
Lug .
Thank you, President Clinton for your comforting words about a true American Music Icon, Glen Campbell. We need your leadership right now.
I miss you sir.
What do miss? Raping,stealing etc

You mean as an imposter look-alike? Yeah, you can relate.
How thoughtful to have a President express sincere condolences.
My dad's friend had alzheimers, his wife had a daily helper, played music (he used to teach music), treated him normally, he did great.
Books are great. But,you should always do them little; so,they shall get on your term better and all you writers.
True.
THEY ONLY HEAR THE "GOOD STUFF"! ALZHEIMERS! GAGGING OR SELF CENSORSHIP!
#GentleOnMyMind......he was really something!
That  is  very good
What about your bipolar disorder? Or is it just complete lack of respect for humanity? God will see you soon and then u can explain to him
You look like death waiting to happen...like George H. W. Bush
Music and dance helps alzheimer people, my friend did great w/music, he was in a wheelchair but he knew who I was the whole  time.
Glenn was awesome. My mother had Reel to reel tapes of him we used to play back in the 60's. Never forget the sound and voice!
I agree. I met him as a kid when he performed at Harrah's hotel in Lake Tahoe in the 1970s. Very kind man.
He didn't have to run over that young woman the way he did there is no excuse for what he has done.
A true credit to the human race.
I believe @realDonaldTrump has Alzheimer's- save us!
Nice crazymama. Man dies of dementia and you're talking Trump. You goooo girl. Way to sleaze it up and make it nasty. Two snaps up.
He was a great talent and also very brave in how he fought the disease,refusing to allow it to limit his life anymore than it could.
How did you go when as Governor of Arkansas you landed 41's Drugs for him ? http://www.oni.agency/justice 
So very true Sir
He was my favorite when I was learning music.  "And the Wichita(Arkansas?) lineman is still on the line..." forever in my mind.
Okay
My Condolences, to the Glen Campbell Family!!!/•©.
Please stand up for us. I voted for you and campaigned for you. Please stop this fuel of anger in our country.
You will be in jail soon
My husband has early on set Alzhiemers. It's the long goodbye. I hope we can do it as well as Glenn did.
He really was. RIP
....so agree. Enjoy you and GW together!
So many great songs and influences in music, Beach Boys etc Glen in The Wrecking Crew the s a must see documentary as well.
Please watch his documentary and see what music can do !
Well said, just wishing our current pres. was just as eloquent.
Glenn Campbell was a Music icon who is a musician I respect. May he rest in peace!
His gift of music is beautiful, sharing his illness with the world inspiring and gives hope
My prayers are with you his family
I love the musician in you mr president!
Amen.
Don't he had a choice on living with Alzheimer's, that was decided for him.
Hello mr
يقال بان الشركات المسيطره على الاقتصاد الامريكي لاتسمح الا للضعفاء ليكونو رؤساءا للولايات المتحده .
I agree with you
You might wanna get some of that yourself Willie. The reckoning is coming.
PRESIDENT BILL CLINTON also is a global iconic personality. We celebrate his good deeds to humanity. A BIGGER CONGRATULATIONS.
I totally agree
RIP Glen
His music will live on.  What can the Clinton Foundation do to impact the work on Alzheimers?  The numbers are staggering.
Has everyone forgotten that he beat Tanya Tucker nearly to death and left her in a hotel room without calling for help?!
Купить ОКНО в Екатеринбурге недорого цены http://www.stroyip.ru/goods/window 
Christ, Bill. Can't you just go away already. America's had enough of the criminal Clinton Family. Really dude,please. Just go away...
What a nice tribute
I loved that dude. My dad had all his albums, and when I was learning guitar, he was a go-to to hear how it's done! Thanks, Mr. Clinton !
loved that movie & his last album, it was awesome he chose 2 share his last concerts after Alz dx 1 best that ever was voice/guitar/all
Have you seen Monica lately?
May His Soul RIP
Does everyone forget that he used to smack the shit out if Tanya tucker ?
Did he decide to live with Alzheimer's? wow! I don't think so!
I thought it was great how he would take a suggestion and come up with a song just like that in the moment!  Rip GC.
A talent that never quit.
@tmmckinney777 Glen Campbell was a great singer and a even better human being,he will be missed !
You are right sir.
I'm a dem..but (tha PPL)are in trouble,Sir! @billclinton @BarackObama @GeorgeHWBush @43georgebush  #MentalHealthMatters  #WERSCARED #so #sad
Bill you are no small icon yourself 
!
Trump is also living with alzheimers.
Rhinestone Cowboy was my fav song as a child... imagine the BX, NYC all my friends n I @ Our Lady of Victory singing in play yard. #RIPGLen
Couldn't have said it better myself, Glen Cambell a true icon.  God bless him and his family.
He was a great 12 string guitar player !!! We will surely miss him....
Never believe a liar! #Bill
Lovely
Amen.  On another note.  We desperately need you and @HillaryClinton now.
thank Mr C. so much for his strength and his willingness to share his experience with Alzheimer's.A person with his celebrity sharing helps
RIP Glenn!
You were and still are the greatest president ever!
Great singer RIP.
like a rhinestone cowboy - 
Horrible disease RIP RHINESTONE COWBOY
Sad day thanks for sharing
Meant yes, that Glenn C. Was.

We miss u as POTUS plz help us as much as u can considering the circumstances. SOS CALLING ALL EX POTUS AMERICANS NEED Your HELP. Come quick
Hecwas
I hope more will be done to prevent Alzheimers.  It is a horrible disease.
Monica Lewinski, Patriots could care less about your opinions, rapist and adulterer
That's what's on your mind? Help Us. #45 is going to get us all beds right next to Glenn Campbell if someone doesn't speak up
Alzheimer's is a dreadful disease , anyone with it should publicize it to help others be aware
Thank you President Clinton. Hopefully someday the anguish of Alzheimer's disease will be no more.
Great tweet!! Totally agree.
He couldn't stand u, like most patriotic Americans. Please take ur criminal wife and Chelsea Hubble and disappear
Great songs loved him
yes he was a Great Talent,  Gentle on my Mind
hmmmm.
Amen
I'M from Arkansas too I meet Glenn twice always treated me like a friend he is a great entertainer and musician glad to be his fan
Très bien
Your legacy will be a great talent for getting a blowjob from an intern
I also. Will remember glen Campbell a true artist
He will always be one of the greats!
What will your legacy be? Great talent for screwing staffers and how you managed to live with Hillary! Oh and meeting Lynch on the tarmac.
True.
Another way to invest and savey money https://b5ug.com 
"Decided"? I'm dealing with my mother's over here. There's no "deciding." Maybe if you have money, support- but not from where I'm standing.
A champion at overcoming alcohol n drug addiction! Why didn't u include that Bill?!
his songs get stuck in your head for days. He was a legend!
Well said Mr. President
Awesome artist!
He also was a frequent player in Albuquerque.  Legendary.  "By the time I make Albuquerque...
Arguably the best song ever is Wichita Lineman. The lyrics, melody, arrangement and Glen's voice and phrasing meld together in perfection.
Wish you were still in charge of  our country.   You ARE a great President!    Still claim you as my president!
I agree with you Mr. President! He lived in the moment.
Yes. For sure
True. His family will be remembered too for how they honored him.


nic man
~~^€%%^^*
Thank you for your continued cooperation
Cooperative and Agricultural Credit Bank
account number
1002570974
21 million Yemenis suffer from poverty and live in difficult humanitarian conditions
I hope you can help up to a million dollars only
hollo

The way that he chose to deal with Alzheimers was a comfort to many who are affected by the disease, family and friends as well.
A treasure - blessed we have his musical kegacy. #treasure
So go in miss Hun bill sad sad day good nite cowboy 
Libtards, never stop...
Mark,Why do we need his leadership?
Glen was one my favourite music artists sorry we lost him.
NOT A GOOD CHOISE....OR LIVE OR DEATH......LIVE PERSONS MUST LIVE OR DIE....

#birthday what Dr Martin Luther King Jr talked about equality 4 all which I cited in my #timecapsule n your @WJCLibrary #Staytuned
So like I'll mention n my upcoming #August2017 misisve 2 U I'll share w/@Pontifex how d #HolySpirit gv me Revelation on my @BrookeBNN's
You need to give a eulogy for America for the things you and your family did and still do to bring her down.
One of my all time favs-  thank you for recognizing his life and life beyond death
Always the voice of reason!  Love the Clintons
May he RIP 
And so will yours !!!
RIP Glenn Campbell.
You are the best Mr. President!
A worldwide hero...
A worldwide hero... none of us can ever forget him.
Loved so many of his songs.
Is there an unspoken ex-presidents rule that prevents you all from commenting when the country's democracy is being destroyed?  CRICKETS!
¡¡¡Dios mio protegernos dale luz ala ciencias p/encontrar cura!!!!!
Thanks to You!
Thanks You!Mr.President Bill Clinton,North Korea has a lot of Power and nuclear bomb!

Didn't know he was from Arkansas.  Loved Glenn Campbell's music.
How thoughtful....too bad your legacy is as good as the Arkansas Razorbacks
Well done to you! Gracious and thoughtful!
Looking foward to YOUR alzheimers, Billy?  I am.  Hillary for prison.
Did you listen to his music while raping?
Your truly missed, President Clinton
Hey bill
Hoping and praying for a cure. @womensalz #alzdignity
I don't think you have much choice in deciding to live with Alzheimer's
