This one's really, really good, Bill.  I highly suggest you read it.
don't send the list to @realDonaldTrump unless the list has some photo books, 10 pages max
Loan him yours!  Albert
A MUST....
Hmm...

1984 isn't on that list, I'm surprised.
I remember when presidents read books. Thanks.
"Finding Cassandra's to Stop Catastrophes"...sigh. Story of his wife's life.  
Good
Bet your favorite is your little black book of interns.
Monica.
How about cigars?
Rape, um...Rape...stealing from the middle class and...umm...Ohh yeah Rape!
Amidst the insane level of crazy-making news: new Louise Penny novel!  Thank goodness for small miracles.
Like to see you endorse your wife's book.  Not for accuracy but for her struggle and your participation in that.
I think you enjoy a little Monica time more then reading a good book
One of them is the ladies. So I’ve heard.
Any books that suggest where to hide your cigars?
I didn’t see ‘What Happened’ on the list....
Yeah! Like a good cigar
Like getting a blow job from a female intern .
omg thank you Bill!
TKS BILL...."NICE CHOICES"!
#Hey bill.. I can't be bought off.
...other than a good cigar, eh Bill?  hehe
Here's the cover of one I'm waiting to read
BaZinga!
Why would I care?
#ozkor_ALAH

@eDialogueC @eDialogueCenter @NewMuslimsHail @atheistfriend0 @islamicicdxb
https://www.dineshdsouza.com/store/product/books/big-lie-book-signed-by-dinesh-dsouza/ …

Also 'Hillary's America' would be a good book for you to read, it's about your wife.
X xhlzzzp. , cxx. R. C. X. Cv  xv cg cc by zx        vtx yxszxzvax cix very
   CTX,
I await Your wife's book.

thats  a  wonderful book list
I would like to send you a book to read
I just wanted to say happy belated birthday!!!
Your a smart man Mr Clinton. I'm a Republican but we need your help to bring this Country together. We are all Americans.
Wow! Impressed. You are a fellow book lover. I might read "High Noon" about the Hollywood Black List. Sounds fascinating. Like true stories.
Also read "The Nazis Next Door" How US Became a Safe Haven For Hitler's Men.
Another true life horror story.
Read "BLOWBACK" America's Recruitment of Nazis by Chris Simpson. Fascinating yet troubling. But a good read!
A few things Bill enjoys more than books? Oh, this will be much fun! Let's begin...
Could you recommend Monica too?
#ozkor_ALAH

@eDialogueC @eDialogueCenter @NewMuslimsHail @atheistfriend0 @islamicicdxb
Have a beautiful birthday Mr. Clinton from the Highlands of Scotland.
Did you read bill Cosby' s book on  "how to rape using Spanish fly " ? JW
Cigars???

I love reading,too!!I couldn´t live without books! Brigitte from Germany (I was living  in Kansas for 1Year 1997/8 when you were President
Just read Blindsided on your recommendation. Excellent! A great story...Thank you
Wow. You take advice on a serial rapist??
Like Monica Lewinsky, Jennifer Flowers, rape?!
Mr. President: What do you do with your books once you're finished with them?
Boy, don't read those books! Read my pussy instead!
We all know that Mr. Bill! :) Hope you are well sir.
Have you read this one?
Yeah there's nothing like reading a good book in one hand and a cigar in the other is there billy???
How about reading the Bible read Matthew were it says love thy neighbor as thyself Democrats are big haters.

Some other things you like... Blue dresses, running drugs, womanizing, flying with pedophiles, giving away state secrets.
A president who reads...how refreshing
Im older. After a man has been sworn in I refer to him as President. No matter what.No-Trump-e knows EXACTLY what he's doing. His father KKK
No beach read Mr. President ? might I suggest "It Happened In The Hamptons" you know when you want a little less of the "heavy"
I applied a job in CGI U. Thanks for your consideration!
I read One Hundred Years of Solitude because it was one of your favorites. Great book. Thank you, Mr. President.
I remember when you were in office! I was working the midnight shift 711 and how proud of you then as well as today thank Mr. President!!!
Oh yeah? In these times of #Russian & #Authoritarian takeover of our #WhiteHouse, I think you should recommend #AnimalFarm by  #GeorgeOrwell
I think we all know enough what else you like from Gennifer Flowers, Paula Jones, Kathy Shelton, Juanita Broaddrick and Kathleen Willey. 
Here are some of the portraits I donated to @librarycongress #JeanCocteau #Akhmatova #HenryMiller
Please add Journey of Courage; it's one of mine! Thank you, President Clinton.
Not your typical coming of age story, and the white supremacists will hate my book.
One of those few things has to be getting head in the Oval Office
Thanks for the Boys in the Trees reminder!
Let me guess what you enjoy more: Rape, blow-jobs under resolute desk, and lying to entire nation.
Read your books Mr. President. Your a riotous man.
And you read playboy for the articles.
Like #GorillaMindSet
Those other things you love doing is fucking interns in the oval office, and selling Nuclear reactors to North Korea.
Appreciate your ordering my daughters book Prison 917:  https://www.samanthanicklaus.com/  @SamNicklaus
Try I Love Today: A Story of Transformation.
High Noon recommended Top 10 Westerns on Mashable, so thanks for the book ref. Very interesting!

#MyLyrics            PRT 

Thanks!

I can think of a few things you enjoy more... say Monica! Lol!!
Thanks for sharing your list. Nothing transports us like a good book.
What? No 'Lolita'?
Please stop this madness. Promote peace within our differences not anger
Can I see u, is she for me
I highly recommend THE SMEAR by Sharyl Attkisson...what an eye opener!!
I love reading too. did not know we had day dedicated to us....thanks!!
Are the more fun than sex island? Hm how about that? Is it more fun than say, I dunno lying and ruining the country?
Are they more fun than a Monica?
Mines from Congo developp rwanda country.This is president your political plan.Millions congolese people died.Possible to correct this.
hi...!!!!
Yeah I know you like those cigars
I hope you've read The Underground Railroad by Colson Whitehead, recommend it and so did Obama. 
I've read yours, enjoyed.   
Through books I've been everywhere & every time.  Camuned with Feynman, stepped on the moon with Armstrong.
A good book to read takes you to places you have never been
I bet getting blown by interns is one of those “few things”
Right wink wink ....we believe ya Billy Blow ! Reading is always entertaining ....http://web.archive.org/web/20010208141616/http://www.burstnet.com/ads/ad1353a-map.cgi/7154?378,30 …
Does on of these books tell all about your trips to pedo island & how many underage girls you raped? Or KilLIARy's lesi affairs on pedo isle
Is there nothing you can add to the actual to the total crisis in your country? I think it is not quite enough for a former world leader.
Here is a good book too.Remember Monica Lewinsky name.We must #forgive.Then we can go forward and live http://amzn.to/2wPsBwQ 
cigars, rape, murder , lamps
Thanks for reminding us what it's like to have a president who reads...
much respect
Try these: "Somewhere For Me," by Meryle Secrest, and "Ghost Story," by Peter Straub.
fuckingyour life
Hey bill!  Just a reminder that your wifey wasn't sworn in 203 days ago!
I ain't scared of some geriatric that couldn't win a rigged election
Or walk up stairs by herself.
Or successfully battle off 80 degree "heat."
But she could dodge fake sniper fire
She could also dodge the justice system
Only because everyone set to testify suddenly comitted suicide
Hey Bill, check it out!
Reading is the first step to entrepreneurship
Nice habit
anything you recommend is worth looking at. Thanks Mr President!
World knows of very different interests
Mr president your biography books one of my favourites
I knew I liked you for a reason but why aren't you acknowledging ur son  that upsets me more than the 3x
I see " How to get Filthy Rich off of Asia is on the list... a little light reading after "How to get Filthy Rich off of Haiti"?

Y'all should read The Clintons War on Women by, Roger Stone.
I voted for you. Please stand up for the President on what is going on in North Korea. Please cross the line and make an impact.
Like BJs under the desk? A little assisted suicide now and then?
We know what you like more than a book you corrupt goon
U gave NK how many millions of our dollars to curtail their nuclear programs when u were president? well that sure worked out good didn't it
I think more democrats need to read the prince by Machiavelli. Not as words to follow but to better understand current events.
We miss you so much Bill. I was a kid when you were president but everything you did as president was great.
@billclinton Hey Bill, you forgot "Adultery for Dummies", "How I paid for North Korean Nukes"and the best of all '"What Happened"!
First book Bill Clinton would recommend? How to Swindle your neighbor! How to f*** your countrymen? Best book of all how to hide your money?
.Do those few things include interns, cigars, and raping?
Nobody cares
Do you enjoy a good cigar whilst you read?
And running around the Oval Office with your pants around your ankles chasing interns..
I bet you enjoy a good cigar every now and then.....
Still have Flowers on your desk in the morning! 
cc @FCTbookfairNg #FCTBookFair
There are few things I enjoy more than reading a good book. Here are a few I’ve read and recommend: http://bit.ly/2wJGOLK  #BookLoversDay
Yeah like cheating on your wife
Don't you like interns, cigars, and blondes more than books? Oh, and knocking people off. Or up. Danny says Hi.
Do you have any books on how to jam a cigar into an interns vagina? Sorry, I would have done the same thing if married to that wilder beast
Nice family you have there
"Lying sack of shit?" Just sayin.
