This one hard to prevent but mental health is a side show due to many years of bad government and thugs who have no gun permit & lots of gun
If anyone in government in the last 20 years gave a crap about the inner cities with tons of mass murder due to thugs with illegal guns .
Hey Bill, Let’s look at all the killings in the inter cities that can be prevented due to lot of lawyers and very liberal government last 20
The lies and cover ups have been just as unimaginable!
Mr. President, this is the only country in the world where it IS imaginable. US gun culture has to change.
Yah, in other countries they make bombs.

It should be, but with about 250 million guns about its never far away. Your gun laws are ridiculous.
Where did you get this from? Its made up...
you are a kind hearted president America ever had. I too express my condolences.
Using your intern as a humidor in the Oval Office should be unimaginable in America.....
it would be if you didn't have the NRA lobbying government and donating money to campaigns. See AUSTRALIA
#PrayForGunControl
too right. i'll bet my right arm those who want guns are conservatives
Well, Australia shows that is absolutely not the case. In fact the rest of the world shows that is not the case
Thinking of your trail of victims. The Clinton crime syndicate. Dixie mafia that shoots first, ask questions later.
#LockUpClintons
#Arkancide #hillary #handcuffsforhillary
#BillClintonIsaRapist #AuditClintonFoundation #HandcuffsForComey #HandcuffsForMueller
Sadly, it's all too common and we have grown immune to the depth of the tragedy. All due to an unholy alliance between @GOP and @NRA.
Agree, and people hung up on 'right bear arms'..
So why did you not do something during your Adminstration? Like Hillary, you are all talk. Forgot, you brought oral sex to our attention!
Yeah, I wonder how he got those automatic weapons.... Oh... wait a minute...
You are a strong man and I respect you highly.
Sorry Bill, but it's only imaginable in the USA.
Hey Wild Bill, maybe when you were President you could has passed tougher gun laws for many of the thugs back on the street with no permit!!
It should be, but thanks to your "dictatorship" bush  hussein it isn't! Don't accuse our,Great President Trump with your mistakes TRAITOR!!!
Again! May God help America
Houston, we had a problem
God bless Las Vegas remember song of your legend Elvis Presley goes like this VIVA YA VIVA LAS VEGAS Viva rock and roll in America and rest of world viva rock and roll ya Sam love rock and roll
Donald Trump is real shit hole...
My prayers for all
Let me guess, white+male+prior history of violence+owns guns+loner=profile. #GunControlNow
Except he had no criminal history of violence or mental health issues. Which make him just a white gun owning male who wasn't alone.

It happens way too often for n America to be unimaginable. Amend your gun laws.
In Chicago no one doing all the killing has gun permit. It’s been weak liberal Government who allows lawyers put thugs back on  the street
It is along with a lot of other things
It is unimaginable- that the Liberals would arrange for this type of killing with multiple shooters just to try to destroy the 2A.
SO WHY DON'T YOU DONATE TOUR OWN MONEY TO THE FAMILIES INSTEAD OF STEALING FROM PEOPLE THAT DONATE

Hey Hillary Clinton, your husband literally settled a sexual assault lawsuit, so how about shutting the F up?
Mr Clinton . Please help not just Vegas victims. I am victim of old black blues musician . He is serial sex predator. People covered him up
But what about all the rest of the victims
NOPE. Thanks to Obama
What about these victims?
Hello... Bill Clinton Sir How are you. I want to talk to you . Please give me some time.
People getting Shot and the Police Don't Show, Happens every night in Chicago.
#SupportKurdistan
cepernic 599 C.P 9015 PICO TRUNCADO SANTA CRUZ ARGENTINA LA PATAGONIA
Email: pastoreduardodavila1@hotmail.com
…http://ministeriojesuselbuenpastor.yolasite.com/ 
Thank you Bill Clinton for your service to America. I voted for Hillary and I'm still with her!

It’s creepy that your wife won’t go away
You mean like the execution of nearly 80 people, including 16 children, you ordered in Waco, Texas?
Nah what’s unimaginable is the amount of women you’ve raped, had your wife cover it up, yet haven’t gotten in trouble for it.

Please help usWe wake up scared each day n our child,grandchildren need protection from this TV star Our White House
https://twitter.com/dotcomlandlords/status/917929859548139521 …
They masons put on an average show..this one is a complete nonsense
Rhuwanda and Oklahoma City very real

CNN Host Worries Hillary Clinton Condemning Harvey Weinstein Would Be Too "Dicey" Because of Bill (VIDEO) http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2017/10/cnn-host-worries-hillary-clinton-condemning-harvey-weinstein-dicey-bill-video/ …
,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,my fel,low feeling
@BarackObama I have the answers & you all won't listen. Fighting the wrong war! Tiny taste> http://whitehousecritic.com   http://obamacritic.com 

It’s will never stop, guns are every where.
Should we take a look at your Disaster Response record? Will you and your wife attend dinner with Trump after his presidency?
And of cigars and vagina. I wonder what would make you think of that
Thin
How about the victims of Harvey Weinstein??? That should be imaginable too, but I know you can relate to him!
you should be helping putting your wife behind bars
Is this the place where everybody says stupid stuff cuz everybody says stupid stuff here
But you did nothing about it either
 Bill Clinton is a RAPIST.
Yes! We are all praying for them and for the truth to come out in the name of Jesus. Need justice in this country.
A country full of guns, no laws and mentally unstable white men, I m surprised that america is surprised
Please Mr President, find a way to remove Trump before he hurts the nation and its people further. His madness must be stopped!
How does this make you feel??


Waco ring a bell?
Dont worry.  It aint you and Haiti.
So where are your pictures and videos of all the help your doing. Congrats you've proven a point..talk the talk walk the walk sweety
I can order a bump fire stock online but I can't order cold medication and spray paint in California.
We are not safe now and you can still imagine that anything can happen. God bless America
Says the man responsible for the murder of 76 Americans, including children in Waco, Texas.
Covering up shit like this should be unimaginable too, Bill.......
Put more taxes on gun purchase and less on college education... that will help in minimizing the issue..
You killed more at Waco.
You have not aged well billy boy. All that evil and sin is seeping out your pores.
Thx Mr ex president God blessing u,

Or in Benghazi.
Mr Clinton , when the television series generate violence violates the freedom of expression violent series should punish
America is the place where many great things happened. its sad(unimaginable) that people there are suffering by firearms regularly.
Ah. That moment when you forget about the Massacre you ordered 24 yrs ago killing 78 Americans #LiberalLogic



Remember Waco, Texas? You should. You killed more.
Um, Waco, Ruby Ridge. Were on your watch and directed by your administration
Bello Bill, Hope all is well...Please join with the other presidents and have my money released 2 me on 10/10/17
So should what u did to @MonicaLewinsky
Bit too rich bill considering uou wrrprrdident for two terms and did nothing on gun control
Are you also thinking about what Harvey Weinstein did? You should... He was one of your major donors and everybody knows it.
Where were all these people at when it came to voting in the last election???
@Billclinton. I wish you were still ln office!
Bill: Help us the American people. We are trapped with an insane person running  the country.
*cough*
AMERIIKAN UNELMAT AIHEUTTAVAT ,VAPAA RIKASTUMINEN ON LUONUT HENKISESTI  KÖYHIÄ IHMISIÄ,JÄRJESTELMÄ ITSESSÄÄN SAIRASTUTTAA ITSEÄÄN.
We see this time and time again.  What do you mean it's unimaginable.  At the rate we are going with gun violence, this is expected.
#SupportKurdistan
Amen
At least you did something about gun control while you were president. Obama didn't lift a finger until Sandy Hook.
Honorable Sir:  Will the One America Appeal concert be televised?
And yet here we are in  2017...more racist and violent than ever. Way to go America! ~Smooch~ᶫᵒᵛᵉ~Marie~
Yeah, I thought the president getting a blowjob in the oval office was unimaginable as well.
Yes President Clinton,this should be unimaginable in America.I remember when you told me terrorism is a war of ideology.We're ready for 2018
Thank you for coming to Thurston high school in Springfield Oregon after the shooting.
he has created a lot of victims - he would know
Very sad indeed!may their soul  rest in peace amen.
@HillaryClinton might think getting your dick sucked in the WH is UNIMAGINABLE.
It should be on imaginable period. The average everyday citizen does not need a fully automatic weapon. Las Vegas makes no sense ,FLR LO
New historical research regarding Constitutional Convention-2A. SCOTUS violated the Constitution. Requires study  https://medium.com/militia-stand-down-the-first-objective-reading-of/militia-stand-down-the-first-objective-reading-of-the-2nd-amendment-58d51f2d42e4 …
How soon you forgot about Waco.
u were saying

And more:"If you think assault weapons are a human right, but healthcare is not, congratulations, you are what's wrong with America today."
Your actions with a young intern in the White House are unimaginable in our he White House
Guess you forgot about the 76 indict men woman and children of #Waco #liberalism is the disease
This guy with all his money wouldn't have been stopped by any reactive laws that hastily get put in place
So should having a president who cheats on his wife while on the job in the oval office with an intern.
Care to explain Waco, TX sir???
You're responsible. Traitor.
Thanks

Las Vegas gunman planned to escape after massacre, Sheriff says https://susanorji.blog/2017/10/05/las-vegas-gunman-planned-to-escape-after-massacre-sheriff-says/ … via @wordpressdotcom
For sure it's imaginable in America
I'm guessing Waco doesn't count ??
Anywhere there are humans this is a possibility.
He smiled calmly at me. “There are some things you do not know.” -Illusions (my current read)
Your behavior in the Oval Office should be unimaginable in this country!!!! 
Post attacks..when it was determined that the shooter was a Caucasian....I noticed that no news/media used the word "TERRORIST" towards him!
#SupportKurdistan
Praying for all the families of the victims.
Agreed Mr. President.
Please do something!
Amen Sir
this shouldn't be happening
I agree
Should be. Hey words. How sad that it isn't.
Yeah. Shame it was a leftest anti-Trump ANTI-FA Democrat. That's your's and Hillary's legacy.
Just wondering......Should burning children alive in their home be 'unimaginable' in America? #Waco
It's scary
I know
What kinda car is that Mr. President
I heard you on a commercial, hope you are doing well
What's unimaginable is that we had u for president ugly man!!
