Nobody wants #Obamacare!
A failure!
Here is what they want me to get... 685 a month....13,000 deductable um thats high way robbery the obuma care act is just making mo ey for the insurance company that is with the 20,000 per person discount the gov pays. Dont do it let it fail
You have no idea what you’re talking about.  Yo need to go through the ENTIRE sign up process. And you will get those amounts adjusted. Try it and finish the process. You will be happy you did.
I called them didnt do it on the computer dont spill this crap with me. There is nothing to love about paying half a years wages on a deductable. Or paying 685 a month thats almost the same amount of my rent so what there to like .... i think not
I got a similar result but let it fail???? And then what? The lack of care in this country is a disgrace.
I'm an executive chef thanks chum. Work full time always have done. Went to culinary school, passed with flying colours. Passed my exams at advanced level (from U.K.) never asked anyone to pay anything for me. Thanks for your condescending nonsense
..or not working. The rest of us work-stiffs are standing by to pay for your insurance. Thanks obama for the great new rates BTW!!
How can you possibly call is Affordable Care Act oh, almost a thousand a month with a $6,000 deductible
This coming from the guy who said obamacare was an absolute disaster during the 2016 campaign.

It’s incredible; the Clinton’s don’t hold any official position and they still care deeply about the well being of all Americans... While the person who in this moment holds the highest office couldn’t care less...
I can't afford it!
Did you talk to a navigator?   I met a woman who said she couldn't afford it and I found her a free bronze plan.  Also, remember you get free preventive care and birth control without co-pay.
I can't afford the deductible so there is no point in paying for insurance I can't use... I wish tho...
Find someone in your area to help you find a plan.   If you can get into a silver plan there is help to pay the deductible and the co-pays.   https://localhelp.healthcare.gov/#/ 
Nice try  no one is listening.
Since the Affordable Care Act, we can't afford to go to the doctor anymore.  To those who support this nonsense
                                                
F your insurance
Sounds communist

Done and Done!
Thanks Mr. President!

@BarackObama @VP It is unfortunate that we have not modeled our National Healthcare like various European countries.    European citizens have FREE healthcare.   We could too, but we have an excessively high and wasteful military budget.
Are you on Obama Care?
During the campaign you called it the craziest thing and now you promote it?  Typical lying politicians....or typical lying Clinton.
Thx u
Hillary is our real 45 POTUS! 
She lost twice.

Why did I support President Trump? I was raped by Bill Clinton & threatened by Hillary Clinton. I supported the one person who I believed had the chance of preventing my rapist and his enabler from being sent to the White House and back in the seat of power.
Yea, did you sign up for yours?
who is your healthcare provider???
Oh yes the best... pot smoking sex with intern draft dodger lying to the court only president to be impeached yeah i dont think so oh and advise dont become friends with ole billy bob 121 of his friends have (killed themselves ) just sayimg

Why did I support President Trump? I was raped by Bill Clinton & threatened by Hillary Clinton. I supported the one person who I believed had the chance of preventing my rapist and his enabler from being sent to the White House and back in the seat of power.
Well I tried to get coverage and was denied. Government would rather pay to raise children of low income families rather then pay for birth control!
BULL!!!
So that means pay monthly for so - called health care after you cover the first 8 grand? What were you people thinking? Why did you do this to hard working people? Just asking.
Be sure to tell couples to be aware that if a wife receives SSI and the husband wants to apply, the wife will lose hers in order for the husband to receive his. So many little quirks that you're not telling people. You force people to divorce to receive care.
ACA = one of the biggest scams perpetrated on America, Obama presidency being the biggest scam.
Bill I know I been hard on you, life's been hard on me. Like a test I needed to know you still had that #Grit & #Mustard people get soft & in politics the bigger the ass the longer we last. Thank you for respectin' my request we can begin now I'm ready go back to school @Harvard
Didn't you criticize the Unaffordable Care Act during your wife's last disastrous campaign?
I don't have to now Billy boy go sell your snake oil to someone else.  The Mandate is gone.

You mean the same #obamacare YOU CALLED THE CRAZIEST THING IN THE WORLD just last year!! 
EXHIBIT A:
I’d rather sign up for a free prostrate exam by a Klingon
You are really a work of art. Why the hell don’t you crawl back under a rock w/ old droopy drawers  and give it up?
POTUS
Does it cover sexual assault by former Presidents who tore down Glass Steagall as a favor for their oligarchic banker friend?
What you doing still on Twitter!  I thought they slapped you in jail by now!
It Helps millions
But a hand full will try to destroy it
Please speak up of the Trump Corruption destroying the lives of Americans
Glad the ACA registrations were high despite the shorter enrollment period.
Hi from Canada President Clinton 
History will remember President Bill Clinton, and your legacy will be written in gold.
Ok thanks for four hard woriiic
You sign up for it first Slick Willy.
People who work can't afford it Bill.  Do you have Obummercare?  I suppose not.  You have the old kind of insurance....maybe 100...500 deductible or no deductible.  6000.00 for these working class.
My friend and wife was told they had to pay $5,000 in advance in Alabama just to get started bad law. Obama care sucks!
We are so lucky in the UK that healthcare is free to all.
Go jump in a lake
GO AWAY!!


Please help my premiums have gone up to $1000 a month for a family of 3 that never go to the dr! Are there any other options?? We just can’t afford this
The AYATOLLAH MILHOUSE BENITO OBAMA'S "obamacare" has done to our healthcare system what Slick Willy has done to women his entire sorry existence...
the best President
I’m sitting here with no insurance because I got hurt on the job. I work, I pay taxes (extortion).

@fokyourkouch
Hey Billy I'm still waiting for that Monica cigar
This is not affordable care. And this is not Freedom. You certainly enjoy those ILLEGAL kickbacks, slick Willy. #WakeUpAmerica
Why would anyone want to sign up for something the average middle class family can’t afford to use? My family pays the mandate, it’s cheaper.
4 days
Thank you for Affordable Health insurance! God bless you richly for caring about people who otherwise would be without any health care!
I'm a 60 years old female whose husband divorced after 26 years of my faithfulness to him and our family. 
I'm grateful! Blessed by God



Yes people, sign up for high premiums and horrible care.  Then send Obummer a note and thank him for a horrible TAX - people forget this is forced on the American people not a choice and we get a whopping extra TAX on our returns.
I am a nurse, no one one signed up except very ill people who couldn't get medicaid.
You are a crook
I make $9.00 an hour..just finished my online application to http://healthcare.gov  and found out that I'm not eligible for ANY coverage..not even Medicaid. Unbelievable
Go away.......
So grateful for AHC. my husband recently went on SSD.  Private insurance cost $1700/month.  AHC under $100/month.  We have limited income since I get SSD too.

It's not affordable because the GOP is starving the ACA because they failed to kill it.  TRump threats caused insurers to jack up prices to buffer their potential losses. Thank the GOP for these increases.
Oh please you push something you’d never ever have to use. Stick with your day job! I’ve spent my career in healthcare and insurance mgmt. Ocare is THE WORST THING TO HIT HEALTH CARE
I agree, and I am Canadian.



GO AWAY.....nobody cares what you say... LIAR
Did HilLIARy make you do that Bill? You said it was crap during the election in a rare moment of clarity.
Thanks
What, for the DISASTROUS OBAMACARE! !
Too expensive, I'll pass
Respectfully truth. Thank you.
Listen people have to be educated to know this is something they have rights to. It’s the American way damn it’ fuck@trump!
AFFORDABLE, AFFORDABLE? By who
Not the middle class
Have you no shame? No, I don’t think so... https://scout.com/college/ohio-state/Board/104375/Contents/Doctor-who-exposed-Clinton-Foundation-corruption-in-Haiti-Dead-112175898 …
@BillClinton make sure you get those shots.  You never know what you can catch.
Didnt you say with the ACA regular Americans were getting the shaft ?  Flip---Flop
Do I need to if I already have medicare with medicaid as a secondary?
what do you know about health care?
So ironic how you care so much about the American people when your foundation screwed the Haitians.
This country sucks
It’s such a horrible plan. Will I ever see my own doctor again?
You said it was JOKE , craziest thing anyone ever saw while on the campaign trail !
Mr. President Clinton 
What in God's name is going on in Washington D.C. when is someone going to put an end to the corruption. They did it to Al Gore, and now they have done it to your Wife Hillary?  When Will it stop!!!
Imagine the hero u would b if u stood up for what was right. I don’t have to tell u cause u already know what is right. Stand up sir, your heart screams patriot.
Why so you can take more of my Hard Earned money to give to those who refuse to work?  How much is your Premium, BILL?
Remember what you did with those cigars and Monica Lewinsky
Go to helĺĺ you pheďophiĺe
Another government screwing......
I'm insured but not sure if I have the right or best insurance plan for me 
Says the sexual PREDATOR. Go away CLOWN
Premiums for popular Obamacare plans to soar 37% for 2018 on average. Remember "Keep your Doctor. Keep your Insurance. Premiums to go down $2,900"?
We signed up this year too!! WooHoo!
Bill we miss you
Remember this why are they frantically pushing people to sign up for this???
There is NOTHING Affordable about it!
I make too much money to qualify.
I can’t afford it
At $2500 a month....NO Thank You!
Bill in expecting one of your Monica cigars for Christmas
Slick Willy who cares what you think or say!
Government health care is NOT for the Awakened Men and Women or their Families. http://Healthcare.gov  should be banned for the Collusion on the American Families!!
One problem, it’s not affordable, deduction $15,000 and premium out of site. Don’t mislead the people
Would’ve been WAY more affordable if republicans had worked out issues & hadn’t tried to just destroy it, making the entire market unstable. THAT has made insurance more expensive for EVERYONE.
Hey #ALABAMA only four days left to sign up for healthcare! Your state is in the bottom of the barrel as far as health goes! How's that #republican leadership been working for you these last few decades? Rich get richer, poor get poorer and unhealthier.... #Vote #DougJones
We hear you Slick Willy ! We hear you !
I can’t afford it.
We have the NHS here, God bless it, we are bemused by the US system. In UK @realDonaldTrump would get free care if you hit him.
I would love to sign up for the health care that our Congress people have it has to be a lot better than Obamacare
Just go away Clintons
Never liked you though. Yet beyond MY DISTAIN.  This is important.  @BillClinton is still a slimebag. Horrible, horrible slimebag.
It goes up every year in addition to slashed subsidies by Trump. We are doing pretty bad.  http://amp.timeinc.net/time/money/4987453/obamacare-subsidies-bipartisan-deal …
Yes, just do it !
Thanks for caring, Mr. President.
Good morning  Bill & Hillary Clinton!
Have you signed up for it? The plans are so expensive
Happy Holidays President Clinton. Is there anyway possible I might be able to schedule an interview with you? I need to get your input for a book that I writing? Please send an email reply to photojournalistbrian@gmail.com. 

Thank you

Brian J. Vickers
Done over a week ago.  Thank you for reminding.
I’m so grateful that I successfully received health care through the Obama care that I could afford.  Thank you Mr. Obama, you are my president, may God bless you and your family
It's the craziest thing ...
Hey Bill ... Call me next time you're going on the Lolita express. I have a friend that loves that kind of dirtiness
SINCE U WONT BE ABLE TO AFFORD THE PREMIUMS U WILL BE SCREWED. SO WAIT UNTIL REPUBLICANS FIX THE ACA MESS!
I wonder how many Alabamians took advantage of the ACA and now fear they'll be losing it BECAUSE OF REPUBLICANS. Vote @GDouglasJones
#TheResistance #MuellerTime #NoMoore #supportjanedoe13
The fact that former presidents are pushing for this dumpster fire, speaks volumes.
RT over and over. Time is running out.
thanks bill!
@BillClinton @TeamTrump @GOP @DNC So Bill your pushing Obama Care I guess we should send a check to you for The Clinton Foundation also 2 great examples of Democrats scamming Also who masterminded the Russia scam your FBI  buddies the “Chickens are coming home to go to Jail”
Yeah...about that...I think I'll pass...
Nope. Waiting for repeal
Too expensive for most
#stilltoexpensive #pleasekeeptrying
To expensive. Rather take a penalty. Which in itself is wrong... "Can't afford health care? Well then we will hot you with a fine. Good luck affording to pay your rent now!" Not that you care.
