He's sweating it!  Won't be long till he won't be allowed to have a phone to tweet in the facility he'll be remanded to!
You mean the Alabama Mafia.
Doug Jones he is great I'm optimistic for his run campaign for Alabama people they deserve leader as his Doug Jones ya good luck to him for Alabama yes Sam Love you Alabama tick
YES IT IS MR PRESIDENT!  SOOOOOO HAPPY!!!
It's a win for all of us.  Thank you, President Clinton!
Oh good I’ve been waiting for the slut word . I can go watch a movie. No I’m not a sore looser. Why are you celebrating instead of attacking me?

Democrats are liars and cheats.  And you Bill Clinton should be in prison for your crimes.  How can you look in the mirror each day and live with yourself?
come to think of it - you originated the lying to victory method - kept you in the White house - shame on you - you have grandkids.
Very original, snowflake!
It's a win for the people of the United States Mr. President. It lightens the sadness that many of us in the Bay Area feel today at the unexpected death of San Francisco Mayor Ed Lee. May he rest in peace.
You smoke a lot of weed huh?
Oh I don't smoke it. If you knew what you were talking about you'd know you don't have to smoke cannabis. You can imbibe via edibles, tinctures, topicals. Btw, I see you're new to Twitter. What part of Russia are you from?
Yep your a pot head
Da. You're a Russian bot.
Sit down and catch up!  Read a book, educate yourself!  #NOMOREMOORE
What did I say that was untrue? I'll wait.
HaHaHaHa
Yes it is, Mr. President, yes it is!
A win for all of us. A win for women.
Except for the unborn. Very sad.
Guess the age of consent won't be going down to 14 in Alabama.
ITS ANOTHER RIGGED AND STOLEN SO CALLED ELECTION BY DIRTY DEMORATS
Couldn't do any worse than you did as President. You desecrated the office with your immorality just like you did as Governor of Arkansas and Hillary, truth be known went along with it because she saw her conceived notion she would buy the presidency one day. It backfired.
Born in the USA. Love my country. Not a Democrat, not a Republican, not a Independent. I'm of the realist party. Because I'm not part of the corrupt political establishment some that are or disillusioned like yourself will call me whatever. It doesn't matter with ignorance.
I see the truth of what's going and state it bluntly. I make no concession for it or apologize for it. No sugarcoat from me. Organized crime i.e. Corporations really run the US government truth be known. Trump I hope can simply help make life better for the overall people of US.
I believe Trump is a realist above all too. I like him because he's not a fake and sincerely cares more about making America great again than polishing his ego. Trump didn't need the job as president for ego, fame or fortune. He really cares about people. Opposite of Politicians
Trump is not doing his job. He watches TV 4-8 hours a day. More to the point he has when suffering from a degenerative cognitive condition that is affecting his judgment and behavior
And for Sassy @roymooreshorse who did not choose this life.
Hahaha!  Perfect!

A great campaign bringing n illegal voters~ wouldn’t have one otherwise~ Yep it worked this time too bad it didn’t work in 2016 when psycho Hillary was doing it~
And how much did the Democrats pay for the lies in this election..
ACTUALLY.. Hillary is still making her blame list and couldn't take the lose like her supports over a year later.. but Democrats will be getting the Karma of the CORRUPTION.. a year too soon to be blowing your hot air
Once again you need to resist the urge to predict the future. No one predicted a year ago we'd be where we are now. Your comment re Democrat's karma is wistful thinking on your part. But we'll see. You may be right. Or not.
I'm NOT sure that Bill Clinton is the best example of NOT being a sexual predator. In other words, this is like the pot calling the kettle black
So what part of Russia are you from? And is it your hobby to beat Dead Horses?
lol
We're turning Alabama BLUE!!!
With the help of the LIBERAL media! Don’t get too confident...2018 & 2020 will be a “RED” year! #MAGA @GOP @realDonaldTrump
With the help of voter turn out! This is the will of the people of Alabama!!! Need a safe space there buddy??
#StopAfrinGenocide
Bring pride to your office. This guy had it in spades. #BangItLikeAScreenDoor
It’s a win for America
Speaking of sexual assault, don't you have any shame?
You tell them Mr President!
What was he then? Take your head out of the gutter.
So what part of Russia are you from?
OMG!  Spoken like a true Alabama Crimson Tide fan!  #yourredneckisshowing
He likes em in blue dresses.
Thank goodness he will only be a 2 year senator.
Are you ever going to jail? You should have been the reason Roy Moore should have won.
Oh go bang Monica again.

I don’t cry like a Democrat.

I SWEAR I DID NOT HAVE SEXUAL RELATIONS WITH THAT WOMEN !!! 
#STFU @billclinton #Liars #@HillaryClinton  #Clintons #ClintonFoundation #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Maga   Monica Lewinsky and cigars ring a bell ??
#Asshat
Can't you come up with a better distraction than that???  Oh, following the trump game plan I see

YES!!!
You understand the irony of you, a rapist, chiming in on this race... right? 
Could you and Hillary just go away and spend all your dirty $$$ some where far away...
Russia?? You must be a special kind of stupid.. I'm from Minnesota, USA.
Not stupid. Suspicious.
Is it your hobby to beat Dead Horses?
As a matter of fact it is. At least until justice is served.
Soooo, BILL CLINTON IS A RAPIST.

Its also a win for humanity!!
I agree. Why do people have to be so angry? Just take care of business, help out Americans and do your job respectfully and all will be well
Republicans are filled with anger and hate. Their world view is twisted.
Too much Fox News I assume.
No that's democRats who are hateful,hence the violent demonstrations against trump who is turning out to be a great president don't you think so mr. Bradman?
You mean the violent demonstrations in Charlottesville I assume. Your Nazi friends?
Yeah. #ThankYouAlabama. Big win for you, @HillaryClinton, @DNC & the DeepState. Y’all going back to Epstein’s island w Soros 2celebrate?? Or just gonna do something simple for #DougJones like your signature tool? Or did you give those all out to @alfranken & @RepJohnConyers??
You 'little mad,' or 'BIG mad'? 
I was responding to a poster who said vile things about Jones and Clinton. She's such a snowflake that she deleted her original comment, and blocked me!!! 
Congratulations Doug Jones! Thank goodness Roy Moore lost this race.
Awwww thank you

Yes indeed
yeah.. you deserve it so we'll just steal it, right?
no it is not!
Doug Jones and the Democrats stole it! It will be a short stay!
Amazing isnt it....very democratic of him.
.

You should be tried for Treason and Killary too.

It was bought and paid for by the crooked democratic machine! Believe me, he won’t last very long! You may have won this little feat, but ALABAMA IS ALL CONSERVATIVE!
Waiting to see just how far down the rabbit hole Mr Clinton ur name in the sealed inditements is... This time u won't get so lucky as times before to wiggle out!
Mr. President, you and the other former presidents need to issue an 'ultimatum' to the Trump Admin - List 'red lines' that, if crossed (again), will lead all of you to actively and publicly lobby for impeachment/25th amendment/resignation etc.  This is important.  Do it soon.
I Love United States of America
Rigged election.Just like Hillary's was.Only it didn't work out so good for http://her.Now  it's time for you corrupt people to pay.
The US needs real Politicians to turn the tide on the very negative  commentaries coming from the White House. For all our sake. 
Can you run for a third term please. Ridiculous law.
Curious if Jones opponent was so bad, although no “DRESS” was ever presented, what does that make you Mr. Clinton other then a hypocrite  ???
How much can I buy uranium for. like to know how much to send the Clintons foundation to make it happen. Congratulations, join and Obama made the two worst American deals of All http://time.You  must feel like a moron telling Americans I made a great deal with N. Korea
Christian conservative republican here and can honestly say, thank God the Democrat won that one... and thank God thank the republican won the White House.
THE DEMOCRATS R OBSTRUCTIONIST ALL OF THEM. NOT ONE VOTED 2 GIVE R HARD WORKING MIDDLE CLASS CITIZENS  A TAX BREAK. WHAT DIRT BAGS.
CAN YOU PLEASE HELP MY BROTHER WHO HAS BEEN DIAGNOSED WITH ALS to get trial drugs just sitting there on the shelves @ the FD A into the hands of ALS patients to try them in hopes of finding a cute.
No one else is willing to help us so hoping you will please & thank you
Weak campaign. Only won because of opponent situation which you can relate too.
I was hoping to visit you guys back at the White House after that Atlanta olympics Bombing.

Aww crap, is that Juanita?
Recount will prove otherwise. 
Doug Jones is a clown
Hey Bill how do you feel about voter fraud, oh that's right you are a Democrat never mind.
So how many illegal votes did Soros bus in from illegals & out of state, plus dead people's votes....?!
Rapist
Amen

I wish I could have met you and Hillary. I’ve been a fan since you were POTUS!
I know my entire family was cheering when Doug Jones was elected.


You should be locked up right with the others guilty of what y'all ACCUSE others of... There's a Reason You got impeached!
Very smart to keep the missus quiet.
Dear bill regarding all these elite globalists revelations if only their was something that could help all of humanity and improve the quality of lives of people UFO disclosure Antartica et disclosure oh bill did I mention humanity is suffering something like I don't know
Nesara tesla patents and healing technologies
YOU ARE A RAPIST MOFO!!!
He won't last long being a liberal lap dog. He won because 1) Hollywood liberals became surprisingly concerned about Alabama and 2) he ran against a flawed Republican.
Bill he won against a republican who “supposedly” harassed women. Moore could have used your help on how to get around that problem
U HAVE NO RIGHT CONGRATULATING ANYONE WITH YOUR JADED PAST.  BOO ON YOU.
It is a win for corruption and socialists.
Correct Congratulations
Clinton= Crook. Unfortuately the Republicans had a very flawed candidate in Moore. But I'm confident they'll reclaim the state in 2 yrs with a better candidate.
Unfortuately the Republicans had a very flawed candidate in Moore but they'll reclaim the state in 2 yrs with a better candidate. Clinton= crook
Dou sim com todo amor bjos
I wonder Bill, did you smoke a cigar in celebration of Jones's win?
Hey you did it in Arkansas back in the day. Also just found out you were an American Legion guy in high school I went to boys state. Didn’t get as far as you but happy to share some the alumni heritage.
Go President Trump

i think mr trump he is worry now
Says the impeached womanizing rapist.
Amen!
So your comments about Moore come from experience. Lolita/Epstein/Pedophile Island...
said a rapist
Sleazeball rapist offers congrats. Irony.
Stay well Mr President,The world misses you.
Ugh
Who cares what this sickening man thinks
Just like you should have been removed from office after your impeachment. Instead, you lined pockets so you and your wife could remain in politics, and you could still receive your post-presidential check...NOT MY FORMER PRESIDENT

it is moore than we could have ever hoped . A Big Win in spite of republican obstruction on the right to vote . 119,000 registered voters were denied because of lack of photo ID , 31 offices that supply those ID s were closed
A real predator congratulating a DemocRAT, that's all.
Mr President thanks
congradulations
And the country
Lol
If Moore were really a PEDO, the establishment would welcome him with open arms, just like you're doing to Doug Jones 
Poll from Nov 2016
I'm glad he won but this isn't a win for the people of Alabama
More #pork #giveaway
Big Win for Our Country!
Still raping women, and jamming cigars in interns vagina's Bill ?
Hey Bill, Monica still needs money for her dry cleaning.
Love  my president......
High praise indeed. LOL
Do you remember Monica lewinsky?
let you say all president
Oh, Bill, you are the last person who should be making any comment at all on an election that hinged on sexual impropriety.
Smug, corrupt, criminals > 
#BillClinton #Hillary #ClintonCrimeFamily  #DNC 

http://thegayrepublican.com/2017/12/us-surgeon-clinton-foundation-found-dead/ …

https://www.healthnutnews.com/dr-crespo-cancer-researcher-found-dead-in-nys-upper-east-side-hospital-bathroom/ …
And the people of America!
Yes indeed.
Diddler!
this is positive and uplifting vibes we need to hear from a President.
Now just to find you a nice sec to give you nice blow jobs on a daily bases 
Congratulations Jones
You were a great President and continue to be a man I'm proud of.
!!
Hurry up, you’ll miss your ride !!
Yeah you're really Bill's "kinda Guy" huh? A real "Smuck!" 
You are great! I like you!
Now begins the "heavy lifting" in 2018.. to look back and see what went wrong and correct it.
We know our election was stolen !we are not backing down!Alabama had her election stolen by soros!

What is wrong with this country Steve Bannon and Trump I am 60 years old and 11 grandchildren in all my years I am disgusted by our lack of integrity
Please go away. Congratulations from a predator are not helpful at this time.
It's a win for America, Mr. President
Jones is a baby killer who wants open borders.  We are doomed.

hi good morning please how are u
good to now you are vegan so AM I but I am god and an atheist so I don't believe in Myself ! but I do believe in vega nism if it kills ME !
Daddy!
The hypocrisy of democrats is mind blowing!  #doublestandard #rosecoloredglasses
#democratstakebackcontrol
Yes it is Bill!  I wished I could have voted a dozen times!!  
Nice tweet Mr. President, I hope you can help other @TheDemocrats or even sane @GOP members that are right for the country #countryoverparty
Maybe, for your personal interests it is, but not for our country!
Yeah keep killing the babies.
It's a win for all the people of the United States.
YES
....and stop by. Hillary will be out and we’ll split an intern.....
Have you see Juanita lately?? She looks fabulous
