Meanwhile when you were in office you embraced #WhiteSupremacy and they endorsed your wife on her campaign
YOU & HRC had a CONFEDERATE FLAG on your WALL

HC Endorsed by KKK

Her HERO- KKK Wizard Byrd

YOU Lying Dishonest WOMAN ABUSER
HRC main HERO was  KKK Grand Dragon  Sen Byrd

Bill the GROPER
Democrats created White Supremacy and the KKK and BLM And ANTIFA Militias. All LEFT Wing Organizations
Annnnnnd condemn BLM terrorists annnnnnnnd ANTIFA terrorists.  There, I fixed your tweet bubba.
Yamelette
Yes we should. Which is why we voted against your wife.
These people are more dangerous than ISIL, is it enough to just "condemn" their actions?
We stand against hatred. We also stand against historical revisionism. Which you are attempting to politicize as hatred. Hypocrite
That's funny coming from him
Agreed, we absolutely must condemn hatred & white supremacy. We must protect the 1st.
Violence & hatred are as deeply rooted in white supremacy as equality & justice are in the constitution & they are at odds.
The Confederacy symbolizes the ultimate use of violence to sustain the oppression of the black race by the white race.
Use of and the protection of Confederate symbols = intent “to incite an immediate breach of the peace” to the ordinary citizen.
Use of and the protection of Confederate symbols by common knowledge = “inherently likely to provoke a violent reaction.”
Speech by white groups protecting Confederate symbols by common knowledge = tools of social ostracism & “fighting words”.
We need a national conversation about violence and the 1st Amendment. #FigtingWords≠FreeSpeech #Charlottesville
By the way Clinton thanks for paying for North Korea's Nukes, you should be locked up for that...
Thank you sir!!!
Thanks so much.. Such a good man.....his steps were ordered by the Lord.
Obama's Lord is Satan!!!!!!!
Yes we must condemn white Supremacy !! Vehemently ! While also condeming Alt-Left violence and Marxist ideology. Vehemently !!
And big schlongs with a mind of their own
Echoes of the great speech you made after OK City bombing: http://tinyletter.com/DavidDayen/letters/the-roots-of-charlottesville …
Your admitted and admired political mentor was a segregationist. You brought Confederate Flag back to Capital in Arkansas
We could say we condemn it, but it doesn't mean it would cease to be t don't realize when they die without Christ in there hearts. Judgement
Okay, Bill. Whatever. Leading with the "protecting free speech" bit here shows your colors more than anything that follows. You can go now.
Thank God we have a real white President condemning white supremacy unlike Drumph the orange mistake
That sounds pretty good. Sign me up. Can Ivanka be my intern? @Gov_Christie
It's not free speech when used to incite or produce lawless actions.
Yamelette
It's not free speech if only one side gets too speak sir , I may not agree with what they say , but I will defend their right to say it
Same thing Trump said.   What gives with all the Trump haters?

My president...
Thank you !
Liberals have nothing good to say period you disagree with them they start their crap! Violence is all they know!
Right!
Nice words from Great Bill Clinton 


Great!
That's all nice and well meaning but until they label these acts of violence as terrorism what's the point?
Nice message president emeritus. How I wish fellow president Trump should learn from this.
Thanks Bill!
@realDonaldTrump Free speech does not mean we must be silent listeners. We are free to dissent & #Resist. #Charlottesville

I am white, and I don't care of the statue is removed.  You/Dem have been pushing your agenda of hate, and I feel you are responsible.
Even as we protect free speech and assembly, we must condemn hatred, violence and white supremacy. #Charlottesville
Can you run again?
This moren's father was in the kkk, it's what ingrained in his fiber. H warned them. #Imwithherstill
Remember your story about a black church being burned?  Didn't happen. This is how rhetoric amps a situation.
Racism exists in every race and is wrong in every race. #AllLivesMatter
Super Predators
Oh good. So long as hate groups like #BLM & Antifa are allowed. 
You and your wife have ties to the kkk aka Robert Byrd! You know, Hillary's mentor
Hillary and Bill kiiss Robert bird ass?!!! and much is probably raw
Bill condemning people is hilarious. Impeached for sex in the Oval Office and he thinks he's a saint. He should just be quiet, period
I am a white heterosexual cis-gender male.
I'm not a gender freak. Lol but good for you.
Im glad you didn't get triggered. Thank you for not that
How different this act of terrorism would be if it were a Muslim that ran into the crowd. Double standard.
Yeah, ok, whatever
Hey Bill what about your buddy Obama who attended a black nationalist church for 20 yrs? BLM? Nation of Islam? Etc.
And condemn Black supremacy #FakenewsCNN  #crookedclintons @billclinton
the police and mayor didn't protect free speech and assembly tho'
This is from actual resident of Charlottesville smh
Sir-
Please denounce the terrorist groups antifa & blm. 
How long will this take??
If you fail to denounce-you are them.
Thx
AJ
Correct Which also includes antifa and blm and...

Obvious set up by Dems, Siros &
Antifa!
I guess in hind sight giving the Nukes to North Korea might have been a bad idea
#ClintonCrimeFamily
#ClintonBodyCount
#LockThemAllUp
You and your wife's neoliberalism allowed the conservative take over. Dancing toward the middle and over the line to Oligarchy! Shut up now!
I agree with you, Bill Clinton!
jajajajaja has anyone looked at Clinton body bags I don't need to say another word!
Yet #Charlottesville was paid by George soros
I did not have sexual relations with that woman........

Who remembers this ?
The resemblance is striking. 
Mobs with torchs radicalised against an enemy of difference. 
But we all know how story ends. #impeach #Trump
So you agree hillary should be in prison?

#NATIONALSTRIKE until Trump is removed from office. No more fucking around let’s do this before he destroys the world #InternationalStrike
You're my favourite president! Je vous adore  @HillaryClinton @ChelseaClinton @billclinton
I could not agree more Bill
BLESS you... I miss you guys SO MUCH!!!!!!!!!!! - T.M.
Well said Bill
#CLINTON CRIME FOUNDATION. .. HEY BILL ...PAY YOUR RESPECTS TO YOUR DON.
Hey Bill, Does LITERALLY celebrating Robert E. Lee count as supporting hatred & white supremacy? 
Can anyone confirm that @BillClinton pushed a "Robert E Lee Holiday"?  This seems like an important & devastating point if true. #hypocrisy 
Bill, AntiFA are Marxist Socialists and fighting for white genocide... come out for the RIGHT side, I mean you used to care.... right? No?
Heard a part of your wife's book. She describe you to a T. A bit rich for her to talk about our pres being a creep. Cigar in the oval...

And rape.

Yes, and we should start with the Democrats. We all know Charlottesville was a set up by the left just to take down our @POTUS smh
I must also protest The Organized Corruption of @TheDemocrats &the @GOP EveryIncidents of PoliticalCorruption is an Attack on our Democracy
ممتاز
Amen
Not good enough, 
Please provide support to law and order. Life long democrat voting card soon to be flushed down toilet. I voted for hil.
Can't you and George Bush and Obama make tougher statements about this madman we have for President. Protocol doesn't matter!
except if it in any way adversely affects any bank, or the ability to consolidate media companies....
How long does it take to impeach this mistake
@Joe_Gerth and denounce antifa Anarchists and the new black Panthers who advocate killing Jews and white people
And Bill's right to molest women!! 5 rapes, molested known dozens and all protected by Hillary and The Lib machine.
I CONDEMN white supremacy, La Raza, Black lives matter, and all supremacist minded hate groups @billclinton! Will U condemn @HillaryClinton
Call WH switchboard 202 456 1414 Ask to be connected to Chief of Staff's office. #FireBannon #FireMiller #FireGorkaLight 
Call White House!
Bill? Want One?  @TrumpBopBag
We must purge the White House of White Supremacists!!!
#Charlottesville well then, do you condem #Antifa & #BlackLivesMatter also?
TWO FACED SOB!!!!!!
I concour
Says the number one white privileged male in America....
Forgot to mention rape and sexual abuse, but carry on
Exactly, and we must learn lessons from #Charlottesville, a year+ in the making, I argue in my piece @Jerusalem_Post
Yrs ago he (Obama) would b bringing our coffee - Bill Clinton
U were saying?
Bronze statue #1 #bearcatbeginings @uc
As well as #antifa
I vastly disagree with you Mr. President, but this statement is SPOT ON.
Speak on it
Oh just shut up and go away.
think to white supremacy is shameful and stupid

Go away clintons
We are all one Nation under God
Oh and Pochdigeno for President 2020!
#epstein 
 https://twitter.com/rejialex7/status/896704751164903424 …
Sez the serial rapist who enabled N. Korea's nuke production.
Another one with access to a mobile in jail. Is it your own or are you sharing Obama's?
Really nigga
#cigar #Monica #physicianhealthyself
A Muslim's condemnation of domestic terrorism in Charlottesville, VA

Covering your bases much, Bill?
Black voilence and blm OK!?
TWO FACED SOB!!!!!
Did you call the Orlando shootings by its name, Islamic Terrorism? Nah, didn't think so.
Gee, why not condemn Antifa and BLM too...why leave them out?
Yeah right
@realDonaldTrump... this is how a real President reacts to hatred and white supremacist.
I agree, but this isn't just freedom of speech anymore, not once people have died.

Remember when Hillary called the black youth "super predators?"
What about BLM that is founded by several Nation of Islam members who think all whites are devils? That includes you, Hillary, and Chelsea.
Then tell me why you made law that put many blacks in prison for crack for many years,and white who use cocaine got less time
You know that's why I still consider as the President of the U.S why your Views, Planing and Management was the best unlike Trump inRacism
What does that mean? Fuck NEO-Nazis and their views, but this country was founded upon anyone's right to express their detestable view
We were robbed of the 1st woman president of @HillaryClinton,  DT is a cancer on democracy and our great country!
SJWs and FemNazi are Cancer
CALL Trump out.
Please speak out with the other former presidents to denounce what Trump is spewing.
Meanwhile, Trump tweets the Trump train running journalists over.
There should be laws that punish terrorist acts like the one in #Charlottesville
Lol weren't YOU integral in the prison pipeline system as well? Ah the irony.
Well said by a real man. Thank you for actually condemning the hatred and choosing your words wisely. This is not a time for vague comments.
Why does the law allow the assembly of persons to spread hatred and to cause violence.
America the beautiful yeah right.
Spoken like a true president. Thank you.
@Politico_01 that's the key word "white supremacy"
Mr. President, I am co-council to 574 Ret. combat vets, thats 6 full co. Of military men&women. We have all pledged allegiance to your wife
The green light and we will fight for what is right!
We pledge our allegiance to our rightful and legal Commander in Chief,Madam President Hillary Clinton
You can delete my tweets but I see thousands get posted. That tells me that hundreds of million despise you and you cant silence us all.
You must be a Nazi
Voting american that despises lying rapists
What we need to do is there's a law in my state that I've been paying on kids that are not mine for over 13 years  is change it
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1797188490294873&id=100000112175066 …

Here is my petition
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1797188490294873&id=100000112175066 …

????
That's a group of people who use threats of& actual physical violence to shut down speech they disagree with. No one on the left says a word
Ahhh I get it now. You're equating a nazi to a human. So a paedophile should be allowed to be a teacher if they're qualified in your mind?
& because a nazi in that time/place was smiling & passive it meant in your mind that he couldn't be dreaming of driving through a crowd..oh
Are you talking to me?
Yes. You said that animals that talk shouldn't be subject to the same treatment as other animals
When and how?
Really? Donkeys are the  party of racism, KKK, eugenics (racist founder of Planned Parenthood, Margaret Sanger), LBJ, enslaving minorities in the inner city with welfare Andy Jackson, race baiters etc. (D'Sousa. Hillary's America: The Secret History of the Democratic Party.)
Do you know about the persecution covertly affecting some US and global citizens?
Mr. Clinton You can help other people in the world
We wont to live as other people in our world !
today wars are in the different country because of now  justify and democracy  
You can help this country to have peace.
all of us we are human.
from Yemen.

it's ok to be white..quit demonizing white people for being born.
If George W. Bush joined Twitter and his first tweet condemned white nationalism then I would retweet George W. Bush and I never considered that I could ever retweet George W. Bush.
and antifa  bad on both sides.



http://ThePayz.com/?refer=36928 
