Just announced: We're partnering with @solarfound and solar energy groups on #SolarSavesLives, a relief effort to help restore electricity in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. Learn more at http://solarsaveslives.org .

YEP MORE MONEY IN YOUR POCKETS

Hillary Clinton bragged about Bill Clinton not using Twitter when he was president from 1993 to 2001.

Twitter was not created till 2006. #Clinton25 
You mean the Clinton Slush Fund?
That 90 + percent of actually goes to charity according to charity watch organizations. Keep drinking that faux koolaide #FoxNewsRepublicanBrainwashingMachine #TrumpStateTV
LOL, btw, which flavor koolade do you prefer?
I don't like koolaide.
How come most of the money for the Clinton Foundation goes to salaries and expenses?  It helps nobody but you and Hillary to make you rich.
Imagine the savings to millions of Americans..after all the corporations can't charge fo the sun..

Great
Yeah right.
Partnership? Clinton Foundation?

With all that is coming out about you and Hillary,it don't take a mental heavy weight to figure it out.

Yep,you plan on making a lot of money for yourselves.
All the while President Trump is focused on bringing coal back.... like its 1920 again!
Thanks for doing what our President refuses to do..... look forward!
This is what it looks like when a President shows true leadership on creating energy independence for America! via @ReallyAmerican1
Trump only cares cares about pushing fossil fuels because his master runs a #PetrolState


Here you go Clinton foundation  willing to be a partner's in future solar energy groups you all we'll come in Bill foundation  ya wellcome Sam Love solar energy tick
Do you mean like Solyndra? $350M taxpayer dollars DOWN THE DRAIN! https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/specialreports/solyndra-scandal/ …
He wants to destroy America at every turn, maybe thats what the Russians want him to do!
Dear bill with these globalist elite arrests surely humanity can do better than solar like I don't know nesara tesla patents healing technologies we really need leaders who care and want to improve the quality of life of all of humanity
Or something like et alien disclosure
We love you
Who are you stealing and taking money from now??

Alright!!  Can't wait to see how you'll exploit Puerto Rico for profit like you did in Haiti!  Exciting times!  What was the percentage of funding and donations was used in Haiti again?...15% or so?..Grrrrreat!
Doing more than Orangeface!
Keith please stop drinking.  You're delusional
Proud monthly donator, #42! Thank you for all that you do!
omgosh! U r getting so screwed!
Like you really give a F... about Americans.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8CSThCo8h7A&t=3s … @_worldEvolution
Oh good God...just like you "helped" the Haitians?  Run people run!!!
@HillaryClinton 
Seriously, ANYONE is willing to connect with the @ClintonFdn ???
The kiss of death!

Bill Clinton is trending.

Just going to leave this here 
Kinda like the hospital for Haiti?  Instead paid for Chelsea's wedding?
Come out! Come out wherever you are! Ratlines! Pedophiles!(link: http://wlsearch.tk/ ) wlsearch.tk

I am so glad someone is doing something to help those in Puerto Rico. Our new clown in office doesn't seem to want to do anything but abuse them.
Look like they are involved.
Love You Prez when you were in office i had the best paying job in my life when u left so did the job security my life hasnt been the same since I hope things turn around i am tired of the struggle
More crime. Yes
What happened to Monica Petersen? #ClintonFoundation #LauraSilsby #PedoGate #Childtrafficking #MonicaPetersen
A REAL President. Thank you. 
Sex offender and thief
Thank you so much Mr Clinton from America
Thanks...
Chao tong thong iu
Dem & Pedo-wood Gate (moving children from PR ?) ... Well...well...
#FollowTheWhiteRabbit https://twitter.com/sadforjournos/status/928669197948813313/photo/1pic.twitter.com/UWuYQpdHRa 
Clinton foundation is a legal loop hole to launder money! Fools
Thx for your care and leadership
What's you kickback
Thanks President Clinton :)
They just keep on doing admirable things in spite of it all. How many of us would just say enough and move to Europe?
Another Clinton Scam?
Actually its reversed 999 is the mark of the beast
Perv.....Charles is gonna GET you!
This iis so nice idea
Bravo
Say big dawg. Why not justice for #SethRich lol and look at @EdKrassen succin you like monica
Thank you! I think this would be a big help in rural areas of mainland North America as well once those who are suffering so horribly are helped.
Honestly? I don’t know how u sleep at nite. U r the epitome of greed, lies, sexual deviance and power mongering. God help u come judgement day!
Great president sir
Partnering means we are getting paid then you pay another company to do some work only one this is good for is Clinton Foundation!
@ChezFlorette @ClintonFdn @solarfound Great job, Pres! Hurry!!
So they'll screw them like they did Haiti?
Thank you!
Excellent
scam
trying to scam in the name of another national disaster?
Don't you think you're hurting the cause by attaching the Clinton name to it?
As u pocket more for yourself, what a web of lies u weave. Shame on u for disrespecting our president. God will b the final judge, good luck with thatin the next life!
The Clintons are dirty thieves
How much will you pocket from this?
HEY BILL, ABOUT WAT YOU ARE SAYING ABOUT TRUMP BEING A DICTATOR, YEA SURE WE BELIEVE YOU, JUST LIKE WE BELIEVED YOU WEN SAID ON T.V. IN OUR FACES IN OUR HOMES, "I DID NOT HAVE SEXUAL RELATIONS WITH MISS MONICA" YEAH WE BELIEVE......NOT! YOU AND YOUR WIFE ARE CRIMINALS, LIARS
like Hillary
The #ClintonFdn is a tough act to follow @BillClinton! I've got an idea for #Haiti but nothing's ready yet :) Making #philanthropy great again - and again!
At least someone cares.
ALSO LET'S TALK ABOUT HAITI AND HOW YOU AND HILLARY RECIEVED 13.3 BILLION DOLLARS FROM DONATIONS! AND WHAT YOU REALLY DID WITH THE MONEY BECAUSE YOU DID NOT HELP THE  PEOPLE!ARE YOU GODLESS MR CLINTON,BECAUSE PEOPLE WHO LIVE BY CHRIST DO NOT STEAL FROM POOR PEOPLE!SHAME ON YOU!
,I feel to much greef about Carlifornia Forest Fire I00 of people were died and after A Truck crused (1)
@BillClinton How dare you and Obama dump a mess like N.Korea into @realDonaldTrump lap and then insult him on Conan"Are you talking about foreign countries or here"? What did you or Obama do about N.Korea?NOTHING! YOU AND OBAMA DID NOTHING BUT SIT ON YOUR HANDS!
#GlobalWarming Is a liberal hoax.. 
THANK YOU!!!
Where do you come off calling Trump a liar on Conan! You have a short memory! Quote by you“ I did not have sexual relations with that woman”
Now this is the way to do it - not some bogus 300 million no bid contract.  We can not rely on this administration, it must be the NGO's.
So PR is the new Haiti....................#corrupted
منور ياغالي كلانتون
ريس طيب
You don't want me to go there. I have 5  distributors in PR the electric company stolen  from its people. They already have what you want to give them. They already have panels. My company's do your stealing again.
#cnn #cnnfakenews #brianstelter #brianstelterlies #cnnlies #millennials #democrats #liberals #neverhillary #imwithher #hillary
AWESOME!! Helping our brothers and sisters in need is what love is all about! Thank you!
Oh Bill...Do TELL America the % of drop your syndicate Foundation since the last election!! 80%? 90%?  ALL?  You're just a giant women abusing BLOWHARD.
Join #TeamSosa together we can fight the good fight. Spreading Kindness, love, understanding, passion, "Understanding", people want the simple things now. We need to focus on helping the low class become the middle class. Join my run for Presidential campaign.
Thank you, sir 
Yay. This is great news. Thank you. 
OMG that is amazing
Good idea !
Wow - This is such a great move  This is how you make an effort to truly help. I hope this venture draws major attention !!!! 
Whatsamadda, Bill? Doesn't anyone wanna give you money to speak any more?
Electric companies across America deride solar and don't want you to have. Electricity swirls around us. Everything rubbing past another builds charge, static. We need to learn how Tesla captured it. We sit on giant iron ball. Electricity should be free as he intended, wireless.
Thanks for signie that immigration law in 96, that all democrats have been fighting agaoy since then, you separated millions of families, but I don't hold it against all dems, just you.
And make you richer than you need to be. How about donating 100% of your time, and divesting your profligate wealth?
Renewable is the way to go absolutely
Great job, we’ll be waiting for Armageddon before the Trump foundation does a darn thing for non whites. Maybe Trump will send PR a portrait of himself.
Thank you!
Will you do the same for African countries?
We need solar energy in , today is day 50 without power since hurricane Maria.
Clinton Foundation: Together again! Billie’s close friend and his former VP, All Gore, became a billionaire promoting climate change hoax.  Clintons want a piece of the pie too?
MEET THE RAPISTS
死詐騙犯
Thanks for helping Puerto Rico. 
May God bless you 
Thank you Mr President.
Bill Clin'n
Which world? Mr. Clinton perhaps your world?
Thank you @BillClinton another great President!
Defunded military
Sexual assault
Impeached for perjury.
Ya amazing left wing hero! 
The only thing that would top it off for you is if he was a convicted child  molester.
Start with the suffering Americans in Puerto Rico? #WorstPOTUSEVER has no intention of FEMA aid.
Just how you too show your face anywhere. You 2 don’t know the meaning of shame.Suddenly visiting schools.Hillary telling women brunch of BS
All these years you, Hillary didn’t do nothing except ripping off ppl. Now both in hat water remembered to help. BIG DEAL.
As long as not ask ppl help money for your foundation.Y can afford be partner w Solar,benefits goes to your pocket. ppl aren’t full anymore.
Thank you so much on your kindness sir.
Have you approached Tesla? They make a power wall storage battery that would keep appliances running at night. Also, they have shingles that can be used to collect solar energy that eliminates the need for solar panels.

You are not in need! Except for your need to go to prison.

Glad to see someone is doing something to help those in Puerto Rico. More than the fake news promoter in office
Thank you President Clinton & @ClintonFdn  Always thete to help people devastated by natural disasters  TRUE AMERICAN 
Can he help the man made disaster we created last November?
Huh ? What the Election that was tampered with by the #RUSSIANS ? Sry I'm confused by your reply #RidTheROT45
It is a shame that our current President couldn't help these people. Thank you Mr. Clinton as these people are in great need.
God bless you, Bill Clinton! Trump has done diddly-squat for Puerto Rico. These are Americans! Show him how to be presidential by leading thru example.
Thank you. Our idiot in chief is doing nothing. Thankfully we DO have real presidents that care
Good for you, Mr. President! You are doing more for Puerto Rico than Trump has ever done!
CONGRATS Mr. Prez.
Don't forget to install power lines underground instead of on poles, like it's done in Germany.
Thanks for the sun.Makes me http://happy.Thanks.So  ordered.Be guided.So be it.Signed.God.Holiness World Emperor Ricardo B. Dino
Super!!!
