what. the. FUCK?
LOL Your sense of humor is as sharp as ever, Mr. President!
Amazing what make- up can do now days


Very good life of people can be save in this systome
You must say that to all the ladies!
If she is sooo beautiful to you Bill, why didn’t you cherish and be faithful to her? Oh that’s right I forgot, your marriage was just an arrangement for the both of you to climb the proverbial political latter.  Your words no longer holds any merit to us.
..she still needs to go on trial for all the stuff that's against her.
THATS ONLY ... YOUR OPINION


Blinded by the light 
Don’t forget this birthday there bill!! Lol!!

Stop lying Bill, u out doing something naughty right now 
And you know this for a fact?
Giving his past , it was a funny comment lol
Not funny. Their personal life is none of your damn business.
Stop being so sensitive lmao, he got caught cheating years ago.
EXACTLY! So why keep bringing it up???
Better start “dogging” Trump’s mistakes then, cuz he’s THE WORST OF THEM ALL!
Happy Birthday Madame President!!! (Yes, she is to me!) You look and are and always will be AMAZING!!! XOXO 
Wow way to set the bar low for AMAZING 

More like 70 million DELETED EMAILS #impeachHILLARY
What about the 22 MILLION EMAILS Bush “supposedly” lost??? #hypocrite
lol @ anyone who thinks my tweet was serious
Any defamatory tweet that’s been haunting them for over 25 years IS a “serious” tweet and NOT FUNNY!
Prove it!!!
You seem like a real treat
H-BIRTHDAY: my dear wife @HillaryClinton as well as to my other mistresses whose birthday's presents were purchased in the same store. Ouch!
Awww
生日快乐
Happy Birthday to your amazing wife! God bless her!!
Happy birthday Hillary!   Hope it's a year filled with happiness.
Best president of my lifetime.   I actually got to shake your hand after a speech while deployed.   You were incredible.  Happy Birthday!
HappyBirthdayHilary
Your extraordinary role in
improving lives of millions of
women/girls paving the way
SOON for 1st female President
Respected by military unlike you 2 criminals
GO AWAY both of you!
Oh, did "Energizer" turn 70 today?
That's lovely, Mr. President!


#HappyBirthdayHillary 
It's sad that you tweet happy birthday to your wife.. go see her face to face... Tell her. Or is this just for publicity?


OH BILL   STOP IT    JUST STOP IT
#Benghazi
This couple should be shipped to a desert island to fend for themselves. They are good actors both corrupt -study their history
Happy Birthday Hillary!
Happy Birthday, Hillary!  
Happy Birthday to the rightful President of the United States!
Not quite as beautiful as 69, am I right Billy Boy?
Look back in the comments. Some dude asked if they were "down for a 3-way". Noe THAT is EEEEEEEEEWWWWWWWWWW!
Yes, I do too. But the guy should burn in the depths of hell for putting that thought in my head. May he have warts that never heal!
Absofreakinlutely scary!!!!
Tick Tock 
What did you get her bill ?
An orange outfit!
Happy 70th to your wife.  You guys are American symbols of hope.
America is grateful of your time as President and your wife's service time as First lady, Senator and Secretary of State.  The Clinton's are a huge part of American culture and American politics.
You are obviously mentally challenged..
I know! She puts the ug in ugly!
Nice glamour shot. Put those saggy boobs away. What are you?  60?
Nice comment what are you, like 10?

You wish you were with Melania LOL
No one cares you devil!
FCK you
You are married to her?? 
Happy Birthday Hillary! You're awesome at any age. #HappyBirthdayHillary
Why don't you get a kinder life! Or do pick heckle you on your special day?
Jeny there are no words to describe just how classless you really are. Oh, and rude.
Hillary is responsible for Trump. Her rigging of the primary has cost our country more than she could have ever imagined!
Trump voters are responsible for Trump.
But  some voted against Hillary and she gave many reasons to do so.
But they CHOSE to vote for Trump. No one forced them. Trump voters are responsible for their votes.
True, but a better opponent  may have produced a different result.
I don’t ever see you wishing @MonicaLewinsky happy birthday 
Ye ya she his beautiful and hard works congratulations for all your sacrifice on your works Hillary Clinton you and Bill are perfect partners in work most importantly in LIFE ya Sam Love ya tick
Happy birthday.
That moment you realize you haven't slept with your wife in 30 years.
Wow! 70? Soon you’ll be wiping her “server” with a cloth.
barf
PRESIDENT TRUMP LOOKS GREAT FOR HIS AGE,DONT YOU BOTH AGREE???...............
Laws and crimes meant nothing to the both of you, as you lived off of us; Americans, your entire adult lives. Have either of you ever done an honest days’ of work, that didn’t benefit your financially? Probably not! You both are elitist opportunistic political hacks.
Wasnt  so beautiful when u were fucking Monica
Happy Birthday.  Thank you for the example you are for women and girls.
Exactly. All women and girls should be soulless monsters. Just like Hillary!
Pretty judgmental from someone who isn't God.
Hillary being called 'soulless' is not judgemental. It's fact.
It's a fact. No. I'm not even qualified to say that about President WTF, when it's quite evident he's a person of no morals, no ethics.
Did Trump help sell 20% of our uranium to Russia? Russia? LOL The country liberals swear is our enemy???
You should probably look up the facts on that deal.
Ugliest couple in the world
Said the fake Christian.
UM well ok then psycho lady
Thanks for proving my point.
Why you are a clinton supporter I have no idea. Must be into witchcraft and a compulsive LIAR. 
Why are you following me?
Happy Birthday Hillary! You look fabulous!
True love weathers all storms & prevails. We're all flawed & make mistakes. Loved ones always love us & forgive & vice versa. Forgiveness
Happy birthday Mrs Clinton.
Yes a real beauty bill lmao
How many years do you think is fair for @HillaryClinton  pay to play scams? And what abour you Bill? What's your role in all these scams?
Lol
Happy birthday Mrs Clinton!!
Get laid
Guess you're scared of her too! She is embarrassing our country and ruining your legacy!

Bill and Hill every time they appear  the GOP gets new recruits. The two true deplorable
Happy birthday Hillary...hope i look as good as you at 70..xoxo
Thanks...
What a load of crap ..bill every knows u hate this old hag
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MRS. CLINTON
Happy birthday
Here I got you this cigar to celebrate!
Happy birthday Mr President, may you be forever young and elegant!
Cut the crap Bill, no one is fooled by your Bullsh*t.
Really how sick are you
Ooh happy weekend

50 years ago
I want
The amount of butthurt of Hillary not winning is hilarious to me.
Yes!!
Happy 70th Birthdate Mr. Clinton. GBU.
Happy Birthday 
Happy birthday Hillary
happy birthday MR.
Agree, Beautiful at 70. Love you.
happy belated birthday our hero
Happy Birthday
I just threw up in my mouth a little
Happy Birthday Hillary
Happy Birthday beautiful lady. Thank you for all you do. God Bless the Clintons.
Happy Birthday! I hope you had a great day! Can’t wait for Republicans to stop using you and Obama as scapegoats!
Happy Birthday Hillary....

Russia’s Troll Factory made a fake, race-baity ‘Hillary Clinton’ sex tape, ex employee told @tvrain http://thebea.st/2yNBxr8?source=twitter&via=desktop … @thedailybeast
Bill, have you gone blind?! When was the last time you actually looked as Killary? I'm guessing she probably actually wrote this herself.
Same holds true for the current president then...numerous affairs, bragging about grabbing pussy, among other things. Open doors!!!
What about those EMAILS mr.clinton!!!
What a comic.  Did you get her a cigar?
No reply yet from Old Slick Willy.  He must’ve taken Hildabeast to a Russian Restaurant for her birthday.
Right on MR. President you rock
Yay Scorpios
You must be talking about one of your mistresses !
Love to you and @HillaryClinton !! Thank you for your service to our country!!

HAPPY BIRTHDAY! MRS. RODHAM-CLINTON, IF ANYONE DESERVES A GREAT DAY, YOU DO!

Better get to Specsavers
I could not be more proud of who you are, amazed at what you've accomplished, & horrified at what you've been through. Your strength awes.
Got Uranium?
@HillaryClinton our true president
Happy birthday!!! God bless Mr. President!!
Lmao .
Happy birthday Hillary.....May Gob bless you
Happy Birthday to KILLARY 
Hello am from west Africa Nigeria my name is rukayya want u to give me a loan of money $500,000 will make fundetion to help children's
Happy Birthday. Welcome to the 70 Club. We are legion.
Botox & makeup camouflage 
You are the most smart prisedent in my opinion i like your period in the power
happy birthday American citizen
How much did she/the Clinton foundation pay you to say that?

This is lovely. Sorry, Hillary & Bill, for all the ignorant comments in this feed.
Gimme a break billy
Happy birthday!
#MeToo
So sweet! Love you both!
Don’t pay attention to all the haters. Hillary is a wonderful and beautiful woman and I know you love and have respect for her
Happy Birthday to my hero!
In the REAL WORLD THIS is what LOOKS so beautiful The Clinton's are NOT in our White House! Thank God  #MAGA

Happy B’Day
Hillary is going to prison for her treason.
This just in: @billclinton fires low-level staffer managing his twitter account after Bill saw this tweet.
Particularly in Striped Pansuits.
Jeez Loueez... are we getting as deplorable as this swamp occupying our OVAL OFFICE? FLOG...just wish  effn woman happy birthday Diós Mío
...ok.
Both of u have served our country.I take pride when I reflect back.I feel nothing but sorrow to the future.This is a mess as I knew it would
And almost a year since y'all lost! Aren't anniversaries great?
Happy Birthday Hillary
Happy birthday Mr. President

Happy birthday Bill
Criminals ... Corrupt ... Low life ... Scum ... Happy Birthday.
Happy birthday ma'am
Happy birthday.
That’s quite a sweet compliment 
Let’s celebrate with a cigar

Happy birthday!
Did she get a bj?
Happy Birthday Mr. Clinton, enjoy your Special day with your loved ones...
Mrs. Clinton, ex-FLOTUS, ex- SOTUS, ex-SOSOTUS, Madam, Happy Birthday. More happy returns in the years to come!
Hey Bill, get off the liquor and visit ur optometrist.
Best president ever!
Happy birthday. 
Happy birthday Many More and keep smiling 
Lol tell that to your girl and boy friends... pedophile get a grip’ get help!
Were u thinking of Monica you little hewhore willy
Happy Birthday, Hillary! Enjoy YOUR DAY 
How sweet!
Please tell Madame President Happy Birthday from me too. #madamepresident
