Whose better at sexually assaulting woman and getting away with it?
Donald Trump
I think Bills got him beat. Don't think you can top getting head in the Oval Office from an intern.
He didn't exactly get away with that. Remember he was impeached?
* was found not guilty of the two impeachment articles charged against him, therefore he was not impeached 
** getting head in the Oval Office isn’t assault.
House voted him guilty, not a single democrat in the senate gave him a guilty vote. Party politics as usual
Was found not guilty of the 2 articles of impeachment, therefore not impeached. Call it what you want to make yourself feel better. Fact is still fact.


Invoking God in praise of an Illuminati/satanist member, wow ignorance at its best
So blind and following the masses. Its easy to listen to your TV and basic friends. Easier to understand the shallow hate of man and ignore his principles. Thank God Hillary or Bill is not president.
Plus I dont have a MAGA hat. I dont even really like Trump all that much. Just know how crooked the Clintons are, and the Obama admin
Why the hell are you so obsessed with the Clintons?
They are crooked and most people have no idea.
@BillClinton Should be called the mamba instead ;)
Dog interuptious! Good dog!
Very good doggie.
Truth

And you’re one of the greatest Presidents of the United States!
u and kobe have 1 thing in common 
Plus you’ve both been accused of sexual assault!!! #brotherhood
www. @JamesMBerry2
Sharing Shame in Common ...
One pre-rape and one-post rape. You can relate to that, huh?
لقد خسرت امريكا الكير عندما راهنت على تنظيم الاخوان فى الشرق الاوسك
2/2 it’s no wonder that this country’s moral fiber is a mere shred of what it once was.. Neither of you should have lead a panel on kids and sports at a Clinton Health Matters Initiative Conference. Birds of a feather..


Along with Michael Jordan!!
CLINTON CASH — Director's Cut — FULL OFFICIAL MOVIE — Bill & Hillary Cli... https://youtu.be/rmMe-2qaSss  via @YouTube
If a president who had sex with an intern in the Oval Office and then lied to the world about it on national television and a basketball star who had a well-publicized extramarital affair are the best in the way of role models we can put in front of our youth today, ...1/2
thank God for the his power of breath

Yikes dude, didn't he rape a woman?
@BillClinton love you so much ! Thank you for being the Kobe of Presidents!
Well Bill you earned being called a Rapist.
You cheated on your wife almost as much as Kobe
What is Kobe and Bill Clinton have in common rape


√
Good Morning Mr.President...
American Politicians make me nauseated when they talk about "our values" , "American values", especially around election time .. Obama and Trump been fierce supporters of the Dictator of the Nile who executed 15 today.. till when Mr. President?
How about Merry Christmas to the people of America you are a sorry person for forgetting the most important Holiday season thank god no more Clintons to late go fly a kite
We want the air to Canada

Why don’t you and other ex presidents he,p and get this clown impeached.  Don’t want to tell my kids we live under a dictatorship
Good basketball player who was even better at following in your footsteps when it came to harassing and abusing women!
Sr mi inrespet a say sorry bit Obama me tiene envidia
Death to traitors
KOBE SHAQ & JACKSON DATA.
Please see what Israel is doing: Israelí soldier choking a Palestinian boy to death
Merry Christmas President Clinton and Secretary Clinton!
Merry Christmas and Prosperous New Years
Sir Merry Christmas
Liar and despicable
Merry Christmas..

如果说中国共产党政府是不要脸的土匪！那脸书一次次封禁我的账号为什么？？？脸书的脸在哪里？？？ 
MERRY CHRISTMAS to you and yours.
Sad @BillClinton you can praise @kobebryant but cant even call your own son
Sad
Really I am One No Family No Really No Friends yes I   am  ve Mr Bill Clinton  Happy Marry Xmas & New Year God Bless your Family
Read CNN CHAOSNEWSNETWORK
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=301232463719886&id=100014994037545 …

https://twitter.com/vaiZ9hvornJdFhp/status/944921020657434624 …中国，说好的人权呢？信仰自由呢？？没有，这里没有任何人权！在共产党政府统治下的中国人，只有被奴役压迫的权利！
Your kinda guy Willy, a rapist.
god love youuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
Good will of farend.
Lock him up!



This girl Manaal Munshi (9th grade student) was getting bullied by couple of school (West Boca High School, Boca Raton, FL) girls because she was Muslim. Yesterday she decided to get this over & talk to girls (wearing…
Ok drug lord rapist. I’m sure there’s a noose waiting with your name on it
Good day Mr.President..
You are the idol for me who are coming from a poverty and destitute countryside in middle China and now I am in NYC as an asylum with the hope and dream to become a medical doctor in America.
If @BillClinton is your idol, you are screwed pal
Ok fine now would the rocking chair that has been beckoning you receive its due!#lockherup
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=301704290320526&id=100014428728477 …
Hillary has a book how to “LOSE” while @MonicaLewinsky has her own weed out !
but keep in mind your still a molestor
He's the Los Angeles raper like you are bill

Ink bbbjb
The Christmas greeting to the former president is that the wealth of the Americans should bring to the poor countries the skills to bring Social Welfare to their country. It is the design that is needed to bring people closer together.
Ngày Giáng Sinh đã quay lại, Tổng Thống nhắn gởi gì đến ân nhân và bè bạn của mình.
Keep up the good work Mr.President..
ADV,HAPPY CHRISTMAS WISHES..
President Trump signed the tax overhaul budget bill ... Merry Christmas
Бил Клинтон помоги .
i absolutely agree about the young man!



Pos rapist
Going down with your wife and step daughter!! Lmao it's going to be fun to watch.
MERRY CHRISTMAS  GOD BLESS Donald J Trump and GOD BLESS LEGAL AMERICAN 
wishing for you always

I actually have a few more numbers retired.  But they told me to leave a few for the rest of the players.  When I wear a jersey, it’ll be retired.
Thanks

I scored 81 in a game once
This is not about mistakes President Bill Clinton or Kobe Bryant were accused of? This is about Kobe’s achievement playing Basketball ! Congratulations Kobe Bryant!
The underage women they abused don't seem to think it's a mistake.
Bill I think your a good guy being polluted by people around you.....

https://www.facebook.com/roangming.jiang/posts/564262737257560 …中国的盛世和谐
When will we se you play the sax again.
#WhatHappened?
Hillary Clinton popularity hits all-time low, poll shows http://fxn.ws/2DkSWXB 
Referencing an article saying Hillary Clinton's popularity is at an all-time low with no research or evidence, wow! Sure got Bill that time!

DIGITAL GOLD RUSH: Play games and earn Bitcoins! https://coincontroller.com?r=1a0a4ab57coincontroller.com/?r=1a0a4ab57coincontroller.com/?r=1a0a4ab57co …  #Bitcoin #BitcoinCash #BitcoinMining #bitcoins #BitcoinFutures #Litecoin #Litecoins #Ripple
OLD BILL CLINTON THE DAMM PREDATOR EVER 2 B IN R WHITE HOUSE. WORST THEN OLD AL FRANKEN.
How does it feel to be the most notorious rapist in the world?
Ask Trump
Hey, he’s a rapist like you!
Congratulations
We miss you

共产党是成功的IS，IS是正在成功的中共。如今世界凡IS都是一片打，可对红色中共，却是一片喝彩。世界都知IS恐怖，可谁愿抬下手，揭开红色头纱，看一看中共纱下恐怖？IS成功了也不过中共般治国。中共治国超IS原教旨…
Congratulations Bryant.
. @BillClinton congratulating rapist @kobebryant ? Pot/kettle
Let him know Mr. President
Bill Clinton gets a sting of mamba on his dick in kampala when I was there hobho bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton arrived 1 week later for black mamba
Very understanding couple of america
Now that’s greatness!!! Much respect to you @BillClinton!!! Recognizing the gifts of @kobebryant shows you’ve still got it. #Kobe24 #Mamba #NBAsGOAT

#hopemamba
Wasn’t you called the mamba for different reasons
Where were you educated? 
Auburn university & Ga state how about you 
Well...you may wish to not embarrass both of those universities on such a public platform! #DoBetter
Babe, if you didn’t get the critique ....I can’t help you. Enjoy your day 
Didn’t ask for help from you or anyone else  peace out
Let’s all retweet this message as it should create awareness not to let another #homelessperson die on the street in the freezing cold.
Let’s enjoy #Christmas but let this music video change our perception of the less fortunate.

http://youtu.be/hGJVBjoc9GQ 
Merry Xmas 
Awwwee how cute. One sexual predator tweets another.
http://Meat.org  - MUST SEE factory-farms! love animals then leave them alone and go vegan
What would they call you the cigar man
 you Mr. President but I call MICHAEL JORDAN for that honor.
24 greater than 23
