"What counts in life is not the mere fact that we have lived. It is what difference we have made to....." #ActionAgainstPoverty #MandelaDay 
What counts in life is mot mere factthat wr lived,it is what differences in life we made ya to the World to people ya,Mandela yus to say remembar World don't ever forget those words,he sacrifices him self for his dreams to the for his people first and continue for the World same
If only some could see that those who make a difference do it for the good of others not our selves.....

My name is salamatu,i am 32 years Old,I am Single (five years ago), Black, dark black hair, brown eyes, 5' 9", 141 lbs.,Long Hair  and a healthy Lady. I am self-sufficient, Beautiful, happy, secure
اللهم امين
Halo
@NelsonMandela All those years in prison didn't break him it made him strong he became the great one may rest @BillClinton @WSJ
A rapist honoring a terrorist. Nice Bill. Nice.
Nelson Mandela was a terrorist??? I must have missed the history lesson.
Pay no attention to Clinton haters. They'll say anything. Mandela was a great man. Bill Clinton was a great president. Period
And men cheat on their wives everyday, what's your point? Morally wrong but not against the law
And they have many gold mines. enlil
Mandela was a murderer, terrorist, and tyrant and killed many innocents intentionally.
He didn't kill Vince Foster or Jim McDougal, however.

Go away PEDIFILE billy
Yes he has inspired me very much also
@gina_din @NelsonMandela very true.
Good for friends.
Great leader, he will forever be remembered 

Thank you, Bill!
Naturally true and this must be put into perspective for every general election in Africa Sierra Leone  Elections needs good monitoring
Vincent and Andrew And MikeP agree
I don't know why you and the Warden are so ruthless. Why? Look at them. If you committed your crimes openly, do you think useful idiots care
Btw how do you love voodoo yet hate black people? Admit you hate them. You're a Democrat after all...
Good
I warn to trump be carful thousand empire came and went look at earth do u see any trace of them just with one GOD we solve our problems
Nelson Mandela was a hero and will ever be,for he made not only Africa but the whole world proud.Greatness for ever, Nelson Mandela!!!!
Damn, but we needed that today. Thank you Mr. President. (All the way from Arkansas!)
You sold out farmers Constitutional rights to justice & claim to treasure freedom! https://brsinv.com/2016/02/05/thomas-jefferson-explains-path-to-oligarchy-william-jefferson-clinton-perfects-it/ … via @blueridgespring
Out of the night that covers me, 
      Black as the pit from pole to pole, 
I thank whatever gods may be 
      For my unconquerable soul.
Just like what Dalai Lama and Shakespeare said. But only upgraded!
Its nice to see someone on your good list.  We all know what happens when they're on your "bad" list.
Still can't believe Mandela is the second most persecuted political figure ever behind #TheRealDonaldTrump
Our corrupt primeminister #NawazSharif said that you had offered him heavy amount to ristrict nuclear Attacks...you should respond
Nelson made a big difference in many ways.
Please...research this before judging.

In other words, Mandela was everything that Trump is not or never will be.
@NelsonMandela He was an Admirable Character on the Human http://Stage.RIP  MADEBA
I read every tweet in the @SouthPark version of your voice and it does not disappoint. Also, what a very respectful tweet. #HaveANiceDayBill
Yes!!
Thank you Mr. President for remembering. And #ImStillWithHer !!!
Honoring a criminal.. smfh
@realDonaldTrump This a tweet by a leader, about a leader! Learn something!!!
You would support a terrorist.. I actually liked you as president, but Mandela was a murderer.. last thing your family needs is to honor him
Why won't US reconcile and sit with North Korea , Russia and Iran as preached by Mandela
You make a habbit of supporting murderers? I thought your wife was the only murderer you support...
I m sorry for USA blame this country how pay money soldier for nothing all religions have one god and USA want to be empire ??? How
unfortunately trump is a mad crazy idiot selfish a business man so let see how pay war against North Korea Iran Syria Iraq china India Europ
Peter Gabriel and Yousou N'Dour for you and HRC on Mandela Day 
One of the greatest people in my lifetime.
A selfless leader unique in being,  how i wish all Africa leaders would be like him.
He was truly an inspiration to the world.
Thank you Mr. President!
And what do we remember for when you are gone doctor #BillClinton
You don't care about this man. Know more then you and Hillary care about  the ones your Foundation is suppose to take care of
Missed but never forgotten.....
Le "Rationalisme Chrétien " philosophie  spiritualiste. Vous viendrez écouter Mandela, Martin L K, Kennedy, parler via mediums?
A beacon of humanity. Against all oppression, in favour of equality.

Yas he was so a very president
I once met his exWife whom was speaking/raising US $$$. I advised she stop buying communist weapons; N. Mandela tossed them in the Ocean.
True dat!!
Hello Mr. President, we sure miss you.  I was truly honored to call you my President unlike the  in the WH now.
You love rapists? Sick
Good old days of rapists? Whatsamatter, afraid of cuts to your govt check or something?
A real freedom fighter.....
#maddow #ImpeachTrumpNow .@CNN
.@SenSchumer .@SenFranken .@MarkWarner .@SenWarren .@SenGillibrand .@OversightDems
 Come fellow SNOWFLAKES
We're AVALANCHING the .@realDonaldTrump feed
JOIN THE FUN
  PLEASE RETWEET …
Thank you sir...
Did our so called president recognize. Such a great man and leader. Because I'm sure anyother would've
sir with all respect you talk too much about freedom but in your country usa we saw the opsite take iraq as an example
Thanks @billclinton & @Nitemists
How about the people of Haiti ..
Missed you dearly

Epstein is involved in many Trump allegations which are more believable than something you just made up.
Your "words" are WEAK & you have ZERO PROOF, snowFLAKE LOSER :P
Contributor!
This tweet fell right next to Trump's latest tweet on my feed. The disparity in grace and wisdom is striking. Thx for rising above the fray.
Now that is how a #RealPresident does it! BTW @POTUS!   Mr. Clinton I truly believe you captured the truth about #Mandel with your words
Does what? Rape women rather than simply engaging in idle male locker room chat with Billy Bush?
Thank you Clinton for remembering a great man who fought for his people and equally throughout his life I applaud you sir for remembering
A sexual predator praising a terrorist. Lovely.
So what is your input on trump/Russia   Too quiet Bill!! We need another voice against this possible (coup/treason) !!!

No is no comparison trump is a traitor to his own country and corrupt as hell his whole family
Some people just are ignorant and dont educate them selves sad!!!!! Blow job verses pussy grabber and wanna be dictator whos worse ?
Well spoken as usual, and well taken! Great Man!
Wish I new president felt the same way,
thank you Mr. President for your inspiring words. You were the best President of my life time.
He indeed has made a profound difference. Hope we will continue to move it forward.
@NelsonMandela Give us all a chance to develop our talents in a peaceful manor.
wow
what a great guy
a rapist celebrating a terrorist, guess it shouldn't be a surprise
you probably had a Che Guevara T Shirt in college
SO INSPIRATIONAL
#TrumpTillWeDie  Fook Mandela 
My life matters to me and my family, but does it matter to you Bill?
I hear all your tweets in my mind spoken in your voice. Thought that only happened with @morgan_freeman :-)
#rapist --> @billclinton
#MandelaDay #Mandela. He without  sin, let them cast the first stone.
You know Trump will never say anything nice like this about anyone unless it's about him
Great Man!
Bill you didn't write this.
Mandela was such an honorable man. In spite of everything, he forgave. That's a hard thing 2 do sometimes. I'm thankful that you reminded me
He truly deserve to be remembered  very few are willing to sacrifice their life for others

And you didn't  learn anything about him. So sad.... You fail cause  Mandela was a man full of ideas to help people. But your were busy.

I'm remembering you Sir. You were the greatest President since John F Kennedy and Hillary would have been the greatest President since you.
#Mandela was a true leader with a sincere, loving heart. 
Yes, thank you Bill Clinton
Would you please share this message urgently
Well said President Clinton! As a South African I am so proud of his legacy!
Great inspiration #MandelaDay2017
Don't you have a word about Lui Xiaobo? Your policies are responsible for HR abuses in China.
And now You've succeeded in inspiring South African natives to Hack to death white farmers and other white landowners. Obama is proud.
Huh
Excelente Mr President
in desperate need for TRANSFORMATIVE FIGURES
like Mandela who modeled right behaviors,inspired others
spoke and supported necessary change!
I remember
South Africa blindly supports one of the biggest Thugs in Robert Mugabe !! Don't be to blind on Mandela s legacy !!

Yes we all need to have his courage.
Can you help me am young in Zambia African I need help please sir help me for my education please please sir
I wish you folks were still in the White House, Mr. President.
A hero. Will never be forgotten!
Trying in vain to remember how many leaders in the world can rival Mandela today & the list is very disheartening.He's a rare diamond.
It figures that you were friends with a murderous communist. #MandelaDay
Hello Sir, on this #MandelaDay lets help young @becky_nekesa attend Young Leaders for Health Conference
Mandela = homicidal terrorist, you fool!
Thank you Mr. President for your inspirational words.  So refreshing in today's world.
I can't wait till Trump starts celebrating #KruschevDay or #StalinDay.
Unless we act now, Whites worldwide will suffer the same population displacement as South Africa and become oppressed minorities
Happy Birthday to my hero Madiba.
Pres. Clinton, you're missed.   Sorry for the stolen election of Hillary Clinton. Pay no attention to haters in replies - they're ignorant.
Who misses him? Women who weren't raped by him yet?




Madiba would not hv looked kindly on ur & Hillary's corruption. Think of what he would hv advised u both.
