Meanwhile OUR President is crucified for not serving because of bone spurs and you never served a day yourself, Billy! Balloons, balloons make Bill happy  God Bless & TY to our Veterans!
You, crooked Hillary and your doner owned globalist friends, the Bush's & Obama are a stain on this country's history! Epstein Wiener Weinstein trend! #RoyMooreChildMolester #APEC #trump #MAGA
"I loathe the military"
Actual Bill Clinton quote from his draft-dodging letter of excuse to the Draft Board

#MAGA
Still my president Mr. Clinton
Still a rapist
Who raped who
Bill Clinton is a rapist.
BS who did he rape?
Broaderick is one of several accusers
*Broaddrick
Brother, I love you and you’re wife but it’s time to own your philandering ways. Our culture needs you to go through this process to purify our party and regain your credibility. You have as many skeletons in your closet as Weinstein. Shake em out for the good of the country.
"Philandering"? Hes a rapist.
You just like the guy that fantasizes and writes about it.
First @SarahKSilverman says she’s my friend and now I’m a fantasy writer. I knew 11/11 was gonna be a good day.
Shes trying to compare Bernie writing bad satire about gender roles years ago to Bill Clinton raping women. Pretty gross
Is that what Bernie's calling it? Special.
Youre really going to keep going with this arent you? Do you know how you look right now? Not good.
I don't care what I look like to Bernie's cult. If you want to shit on President Clinton's tweet for veterans on Veteran's Day you're the 1 that looks bad.
Thank you. You were worth it!

Is Monica’s dad a veteran?
You could care less about our veterans Bill.  All you care about is yourself and your money.  Bill Clinton for prison.
A big F U
It is a shame that there are so many homeless veterans.
Clinton, like other cowardly Presidents, turned his back on the crew of the USS Liberty.   And other innocent Americans who've been victimized by Israel, with impunity
Thanks for posts like this!
Benghazi
Thank you, sir. And a huge THANK YOU to YOU for your service as our President and our Commander in Chief. You were a stellar President and a good man. Thank you.
He was the president who stuck cigars up an interns vajayja!
Oh yeah, and that was such an "impeachable" crisis!! Nothing, compared to what Cheetolini has done. Insane muthafucker.
I love all veterans of U.S. God bless them and they're families to ya Sam Love

God bless all veterans.
Now here is what a good President should tweet on Veterans Day.
The best president since John F Kennedy
Remember when you served?  No?
He was in ROTC in college, dropped out and voluntarily placed himself into the Vietnam War draft lottery. His number just disnt get picked.
Dear Presidents of the USA,
Dear Sir,
I Would like to write more about to all our Veterans in all over the World.
Why so many Americans THEY had to Die only because of the Scientology Church of America???
The Devil is the BOSS FROM CHIENTOLOGY CHURCH of the World.She is Together with all the Dictators.
Wait, you said that you loath the military didn't you? That is the word you used isn't it?
Gm Mr.Bill Clinton ..
My name is Barbar Commissiong and My son is Roy Commissiong Jr .He is a active duty Marine..
We need your help and support to stop Willoughby court apts from trying to evict Us out of our apt .Plz help a vet and family.Have a heart

He didn't assault anyone. His experiences were all consensual. What would motivate you to throw some trash like this into the thread?
Darius needs to mental floss.
Oh, foolish child. Bless your heart.  You actually think that everyone has to believe what you believe. Don't worry, you'll grow up one day and you'll stop believing articles from subpar barely second rate news sources.
You could care less for the vets,, you were a coward, went to Canada to void Vietnam.
Bill Clinton accusers revive allegations amid wave of harassment claims: 'It never goes away'
You should thank them, Draft dodger.
Yes sir we loved the way you guys treated us on AF1 go suck an egg!

Bill you have done more for the Chinese missile industry than you've done for veterans
WOW I GOT THE BEST BRAND NAME FROM THIS GURU....GET YOURS NOW AT A CHEAP PRICE.

Said the guy who should have been one of them.
Thank sar
Dear bill with all these globalists arrests I ponder if only their was something that could improve the quality of life of humanity like I don't know nesara tesla patents and healing technologies or something amazing like et alien disclosure
Are you thanking them for fighting when you were too cowardly to do so? My father and uncle fought in Vietnam while you were draft dodging. Boo!
This guy was flying Air Fuck One when your kids were dying for nothing!

http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2017-11-20/four-more-women-accuse-bill-clinton-sexual-assault … #predator
Happy anniversary Bill! 19 years ago you were impeached. Only the second president in history! Congrats!
Bill, you were the greatest, & smartest, of any 20th century President? I wish you could run again.
It's just come out by a secret service agent that bill was sleeping wit under age girls aboard the Lolita express. What a guy

Hillary Clinton bragged about Bill Clinton not using Twitter when he was president from 1993 to 2001.

Twitter was not created till 2006. #Clinton25 
Trailer trash. The male on the left that is.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8CSThCo8h7A&t=3s … @_worldEvolution
You cared so much when you ordered the gunship away from Somalia just before Task Force Rangers' raid. You also showed how much you cared when you didn't pull the trigger 3 times on OBL

Bill Clinton is trending.

Just going to leave this here 
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1796565203969475&id=1534519560174042 …
To you and all your veterans! Fuck you people. Your mothers are fucking whores

looks like the walls are closing in on you
You are,One of the Best.
Help me save lives
Funny coming from a draft-dodger.
Hey, Bill. It would be a shame if you got all caught up with your wifes traitorous schemes, lol. Besides the fact she should be in jail for corruption, you should be in jail for rape!
Bonjour, 
Une ballade en France.
Une ballade un footing en survêtement avec votre berger allemand ?

Blowing In The Wind (Live On TV, March 1963)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vWwgrjjIMXA …

http://www.planetaryrings.com/2017-10-15/ 
Since Democrats are so motivated to rewrite history, let’s change the name of all Clinton streets and William J. Clinton schools and (God forbid) tear down any Clinton statues - if Robert E. Lee represents slavery then WJC represents sexual abuse.
Hey i saw you in San Antonio several years ago downtown.  You were in the back of a car wearing a brown/golden tie and you waved at me and i waved back at you from the bus.  Thanks for doing that.
他可能对你不怀好意
#MeToo
It's a stare that means, you found me out but also means I'll get my wife to have you killed.
#MeToo
Is the Clinton Foundation going to offer jobs to the women you assaulted prior to your #MSM free ride run for the WH?
Circle the wagons billy, it's all going to fall. Soon... soon . . .
The Clintons are finished. Time to move on to prosecuting @billclinton and @hillaryclinton. They are liars, cheats,and totally corrupt. Time to get a special prosecutor. Start with the corrupt CLINTON foundation.
Didn't your wife like kill soldiers?
Didn't you say you "loathed the military" while you were president??
I believe the women, Clinton is a sexual predator.
Don't know how close y'all were, but Lana Munn recently passed in Hope,ar. Funeral is Saturday
I am disabled w/a felonious past and b/c of 3strikes law am banned from SNAP in a state I didn't commit a crime in. Hungry USA!
Oooops! Decisions in life can come back to haunt you good or bad
Once you are a convicted felon you are always a convicted felon.Thats why we have computers  to track felons as they try to victimize more victims or system



Hey Bubba!!!  Here are TWO words to describe YOUR significance in America TODAY!      GAME OVER
Remember the 1998 Iraq liberation act?
You still have time to give @danney_williams  a Christmas he will never forget and meet your son!
wonderfull
Each and every veteran is a better man than you.
#BillClintonIsARapist
Everytime i see you or  hear your voice i think back on the time i was watching tv and you lied to our faces, not even flinching, just lying like a worn out rug. 
Go away. We dont like the Clinton's.  Don't you get it by now?
I didn‘t had sexuall relations with that woman   (X) DOUBT
How many times have you been around the world with women that didn't want to go there Bill
How about Benghazi?!
The Clinton foundation is only for the Clintons
The Definitive Take On Bill Clinton by @larryelder
Are you the most famous? Could you wish my son and class Poppy a merry Christmas please? This would help the class find a most famous and help them win £200. Thank you 
You know billy I would in no way piss on you if you were ever on fire. Please you An the female dog stop your tweeting. No one CARES
Why Else would ANYONE Waste Money on hearing you Talk , if Not about your Perversions ? What else is there? U r a Hollow man
@POTUS @HillaryClinton @BillClinton did Al Franken attend any Speeches ? And were the Speeches about "How to Molest Innocent Women ?"  
You might want to delete your account. #BillClintonIsARapist #BillClinton #ClintonFoundation #ClintonBodyCount
time for that clown Franken 2 resign !
,This time I waching. To US Law and Order life Excution,Prison but I think it is right never loose it!---(1)
Criminal rapist. God knows. You will not get away w Him.

LOCK HIM UP!!!
Come out! Come out wherever you are! Ratlines! Pedophiles!https://t.co/ybnh5hEy07?amp=1
https://www.msn.com/en-us/news/politics/%E2%80%98what-about-bill%E2%80%99-sexual-misconduct-debate-revives-questions-about-clinton/ar-BBF1tmr?li=BBmkt5R&ocid=spartandhp …


Too bad you were not so appreciative when you protested against US involvement in Vietnam whole a student at Oxford England
..end of the road for ya Crazy Bill, big crash, over & out for the corrupt Clinton Era, great future ahead 
Bill, what's your secret when it comes to being married to one of the world most diabolical persons?
If you really cared about military vets and their families, you would leave your wife
Your thoughts on Weinstein?
Thank you for what bill? Oh I know, fighting in your proxy wars and making you Mega Money?  You are nothing but a perverted Twisted piece of crap!
yes 2gether my father


God bless you & your family you have very very strong wife god bless Hillary
LOL!! Huma already hitting that! Nice try!
Yes mr president
Za bho
Hello Mr president are u can help me found one job in america
Yeah, I think he has a couple of jobs, if you are under 15 years old and attractive female....but more a job on demand so you need to have 24/7 alert ...interested??

#ThatFace when the whole room knows you are a #Rapist #RapistBill
https://www.nytimes.com/2017/11/13/opinion/juanita-broaddrick-bill-clinton.html …?


The New York Times posts an opinion piece that actually states that they believe Juanita Broaddrick was indeed raped by Bill Clinton...

I think hell just froze over...…
Yo Billy! Bring me to that billionaire's island with the underage girls!!!
I like u sir I want to I meet u
You could care less about vets.
if its 'everyday'... why did you wait until 11 months and 11 days into the year before mentioning it? And why aren't you veteran yourself? *chuckles*

Hey Bill ya know what time It is? It’s INVESTIGATION TIME!
@luv @POTUS @chuckwoolery @MarkyoungTruth You are anti-American, you passed the best laws, for expectant mothers in Massachusetts, to fund your terrorists that operate theKaren&Tanya Howard, Artie&Darren Powers, Ronald Jewell, Katrina Greene Nulls,Tara St Rose,Tracey Brooks,
Nathaniel Grantham, Asheem Taylor, ETC..Your wife set our CIA military in Benghazi&lied on innocent people! You are both child molester, murdering drug traffickers!Clinton is saluting their terrorists, not our U.S.military, he&others are known for murdering our CIA military&CIA!
