Edith Windsor's landmark Supreme Court case required the federal government to recognize same-sex marriages in 2013 http://nyti.ms/2wXvDAv 
Yes Bill, she did. Thanks for DOMA
If you look at the historical context, the choice was between DOMA and the existing ban on servicemen even suspected of being gay.
Adam, that was DADT, not DOMA.
DOMA was better than the Constitutional Amendment the Right wanted.
They wouldn't have been able to pass the constitutional amendment banning same sex marriage. He should have vetoed DOMA.
Clinton signed DOMA and then ran radio ads bragging about it during '96 reelection
https://twitter.com/LisaTalmadge/status/891714303438532608Read … this :
wow he was in the same room as some LGBT people before signing away their rights, this changes everything
#BarackObama #EricHolder did NOT uphold LAWS b4 #SupremeCourt challengers. All branches of govt turned blind eye in fear labeled as #racist.
@nytimes Gross.
So, why isn't your wife Killary on an apology tour, apologizing to your victims?!
Thanks Bill, your a genius! George Carlins take on Bill Clinton/NK
Mocking someone is so much more effective when you spell "you're" correctly.
You really should try to be a little more effective with your so called arguments. Btw how's that Russia collusion story coming & Dossier?
Yeah, I’m going to bring out the rhetorical big guns against a spliced together Carlin skit. Ooh, now you’ve got a meme!
Yep, kinda cool! And you have Hillary Clinton ! Enjoy

In standing up for herself, Edie also stood up for millions of Americans and their rights. May she Rest In Peace.
Clinton didn't introduce DOMA a republican did It was overwhelming yeas in both House & Senate GEEZ what President would not sign after that
There are so many lies about the Clinton's out there.
Yet you ignore Harvey Weinstein's decades of abuse of women. #BirdsOfAFeather #Hypocrite
Here's another one who stood up for himself. https://www.facebook.com/Danneywilliam/ 


Thank you Bill for standing up for the LGBTQ community! Unlike good old orange who's banning transgenders from defending our country 
Look-up DOMA
I understand that but the important thing is he's now on the right side whereas our current President is on the wrong one.
Love the one you are with ..  Marry the one you love. 
Or ones.  Or dogs, cats, etc.
*confused*
marry a dog or cat?
bot gone
Color me not-so-surprised. After seeing 'its' tl... well, now I know a direct question shoos them away.
Thanks 
I will never vote for your wife Donald Trump is Making America Great Again he is my President
Amen
@HillaryClinton  is on record saying "marriage is between a man and a woman".  Now pandering to the community for support? #CrookedHillary
Bill hook me up with some of your prostitutes lmao
Marriage no, legal union, perhaps is the language that should be used.
He is an abuser of women & is paid in 6 figures to speak to women's groups
@BillClinton I like trump
Gay rights are derived from natural rights. Our book, The Real Culture War defends Individualism for all against oppressive Collectivism.
Will Hillary sell the home next to yours in Chappaqua? Maybe you can use the home for Hurricane survivors since it won't be used for WHSTAFF
Your remarkable Foundation!! THE WORLD NEEDS YOU BILL AND THE USA !
This is a golden opportunity for you Bill! You can smell a quarter under 10 feet of water and under a Earth Quake victim!
Bill I know you and Hillary are depressed we understand this!It's time for Bill to get up and help with the George and help the survivors!
Bill I would think you have a few tarps and Slinkys left over you can pass on to Texas Florida Islands and now Earth Quake in Mexico
BILL WHERE ARE YOU AND YOUR FOUNDATION HELPING THE WORLD LIKE YOU AND YOUR BROTHER FROM ANOTHER MOTHER BUSH HELPING HAITI?

It took 40 yers to complete the corruption of America. Thank you Bill.
That she did !!!
Thanks lot. And she rest in peace
We all have the right to follow our dreams!
#dropdead #pervert #POS
Thank you Edith for you determination in life to live love and be strong!  Rest in peace.


Did you try to rape her too?
So True Bill & Hillary Clinton we will all miss Edith Windsor ! Thanks Pat & Curtis Helms !
good by an soooo LONG
How are you?Mr.Clinton.
So, so sorry to hear of Edna's passing.  She made such a GREAT contribution to society during her life!
Hi billy
Thank you Bill .. 
lol. Bill, do you even know what you believe?
Thank you so much
_()()()_
Perhaps a public apology to her for lack of courage would be appropriate, Mr. Clinton.
And I'm not a republican.
#NEVERHRC
I've always liked you bill
Thank you for such kind words. She will be admired
Hello, I want to address you to inform you that there is an alleged organization that claims to be yours: Green Air
HUMAN RIGHTS DEFENDERS HAVE DIED SEARCHING  SOLUTIONS. GOD IS POWERFUL.

Keep hating on her. On her worst day she's 1 million times a better person than you are on your best day.
Yeah ok!
@nytimes bill if you only made 2 email/Tweet in offoce. Wad it brcsuse your phone stank?
Exactly...
Kiss me
Sir, I expect your glorious  help as I know you are so kind hearted man. I am in money problem. 
+8801718131727
rehanarfis@gmail.com
She stood against human nature
montel Williams says ending daca is race play for white people: changing the picture on the 29 dollar bill is race play for blacks & women
according to articles in nature & science it was confirmed raw garlic & onions are excellent antibiotics: why no expansion in Africa
tolerance of gays is different than societal endorsement:  Hillary lost because she placed women, gays, and illegals above the middle class
if incest was endorsed by society would it grow: YES, social norms are learned: what does that say about gay being genetic:  the gay lie
a survey of NY high school girls found 50% had lesbian experiences:  so what happened to genetics:  social norms are learned: the gay lie
Did you try to shag her too Billy ??
if you are pro Syrian revolution must you be pro hamas violence: after all both are fighing for freedom from oppressive regimes
what billionaire funded that case: deviancy advocacy should not be admired: court decisions are oligarchy rule by judicial infiltration
montel Williams said ending daca is race play for white people: but civil war statue removal is race play for black people:
the woman's movement says killing a growing fetus is a valid solution for irresponsible sex: all advantage and no responsibility
the woman's movement wants a matriarchal society: by their own words: the world would be a better place: but it isn't
A true pioneer of a woman!!! Much love, inspiration and admiration for this great lady!
She was standing up to legislation you signed off on, Bill.

She was standing up to you.

You are the antagonist in this fairy tale story.
I mean, do you have any grasp how gross it is to say something like this, as opposed to, I dunno, expressing your regret for past decisions?
Heroes don't just manifest, context devoid.

She championed people like me, against people like you. An example of which being: you.
I grew up in a culture where the dismissal of my humanhood, of my ability and right to love, was validated by your words, choices and action
Of course, if you were capable of things like shame and actual human empathy, the original tweet wouldn't have been defecated onto twitter.
You are the one who signed that horrible bill into the Law! #hypocrite
resist, insist, persist, and enlist - we did that with dems. tell UR whiny wife to stop whining even though she does make Trump look good
Bet you wish you'd did her too.
@nytimes So sad !!! God's Speed to Edie !!
Bill Clinton brought the LGBT community DADT & DOMA & then laid the blame for *his* discriminatory policies on the LGBT community. #ByeBill

Sit down
Why didnt YOU legalize same sex marriage, Bill?
@grandoftwo @nytimes 

 you, Bill.

pal u literally are the reason DOMA existed but ok?????
Get her name out of your mouth
Hey Bill remember that law you signed? That's what she was fighting against for her rights
She stood up against the DOMA that you signed

Edie understood that basic human needs are to love and to be loved.  Why should anyone have the right to interfere with with that?
RIP
Somehow your commenting pn this doesn't seem appropriate
The House & Senate represent YOU & YOU elected them to be your voice Clinton heard & signef what the majority wanted Now you blame him?
Yes.
Yes. In spite of you...

Didn't you sign the Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA)?
Too bad you didn't have the courage to stand with her in 1996.
Uh...but you signed the Defense of Marriage Act.
yes.
I'm no fan of that wife of yours but do something. Stop her from this endless humiliation, this crazy blame tour. For pity's sake stop her.
Lyin' Willy, who we believe is a bigot (which is NOT ok), signed low-ratings DOMA & is now co-opting queer rights activists for likes. BAD!
@nytimes I think I do exactly the same thing.I stand up for myself, for other women's rights and for human rights  as well.
In fighting a law you signed.
She wouldn't have had to do that if you hadn't been a craven bigot who signed DOMA into law, you hypocrite.
Yet you blocked her attempt to marry 
Sent message Pres center sir god bless very real library
Thanks for seeing the light, if somewhat belatedly (re DOMA), Mr. President. But you knew it was wrong then too, didn't you?
I'm guessing a bot wrote this. I refuse to believe any single person could lack this much self awareness.
RIGHTS YOU SAY! NO RIGHT TO GET AWAY WITH WHAT YOU PUSHED IN YOUR LIFE TIME BILL!
Hypocritical tweet! I don't want to hear that you evolved. When we needed your leadership you abandoned LGBT folks for political expediency.
ifb

James Comey and sexism are the biggest reason I lost the election- Hillary Clinton https://susanorji.blog/2017/09/13/james-comey-and-sexism-are-the-biggest-reason-i-lost-the-election-hillary-clinton/ … via @wordpressdotcom
Love it
don't ask don't tell Bill. You really disappointed me.
Civil rights for all, and government existing for the protection of those rights.   Such liberal thought.  Would the FF's win today?
They owned slaves and wanted a government only for landowning whites and the minority of the opulent so I think they'd be OK
Dude, DOMA was your law. Don't you feel even a little ashamed by this?
@nytimes thank you Edie

http://www.islam-guide.com 
Wasn't DOMA something you signed? Wasn't she literally suing to get rid of a law you approved?

Had u to thank for her fame: if u hadn't signed DOMA, Edie's contribution would have been unnecessary. #ThanksBill
BUBBA CRIMINAL CLINTON IS ONE TRULY DISGUSTING HUMAN BEING,,,,,
Edie my hats off to you dear! RIP. Your deed will remain clear to so many of us! Don't worry we got your back! ( 53% anyway) 
Remember when you Fucking signed Fucking DOMA?  Your complete lack of courage is the reason she and millions like her had to fight so hard.

Europe steps up response to Hurricane Irma https://susanorji.blog/2017/09/13/europe-steps-up-response-to-hurricane-irma/ … via @wordpressdotcom
always want to retweet rapists
I don't want to read the disgusting comments that might be on here so I'll just say thank you for supporting love #LoveIsLove
Thank you again for your own proficient thinking, in Flint, Mi Mr. @BillClinton. My hopes now up to meet with you again. @RepDanKildee 
Why do they call you a rapist Bill ?
Thank you dear Mr President for fighting for our LGBTQ rights as well Edie will be missed dearly but she'll live on in our hearts 
Pres, Clinton: U possess both  brilliance & empathy.  Your detractors dwell on your human flaws as if they are exempt.
Next step is to legitimize adultery.
RIP
Bill in my circle, Trump is a very dangerous fool
The real question, billy boy, is did she blow you and did your wife cover it up?
Beautifully said, Billy.
lmao you signed DOMA into law
