How an overweight shelter dog saved Eric O'Grey's life: http://cnn.it/2BSXXcU  
Yesterday I learned rescue dogs are only available if you own your home. Puppy mills and breeders get to sell to ANYONE.
Hi Katie this is not necessarily true - many apartments allow dogs. To my knowledge every large regional humane society/SPCA will adopt to people in apartments, although all will call the apartment at time of adoption to make sure they allow the dog. Thank you for adopting!
Good to know. This was in Poway CA and it was German Shepard rescue group. A very good family was denied because they’re renters and now they’re going to buy one 
Please encourage them to continue looking at other shelters, especially larger ones. With a little patience, they’ll find the dog who is looking for them. 25% of all dogs in shelters are purebred breeds - they should save their money and adopt.
There is something to be said about the fact trump has not had pets. 
How are you doing
President Trump says making America great again but he is making fool every American.
Brainwashed people like you are the only ones looking foolish.
@SuzieFord5 @Amitshukla_toni @BillClinton @Eric_OGrey
#AdoptORShop - it should be a personal choice.
Bill what is it like watching @realDonaldTrump crash and burn? Do you and @HillaryClinton laugh out loud ever day.
What planet are you living on?  Only crashing and burning is the Clintons!
LOL. Can you read or do you just watch @FoxNews
Can YOU read?  Maybe you should to find out what's really going on!
I love the "I know you are but what am I" response. Very original.

I see you went to the wrong Rehab center Bill, your intervention should be in how to treat women and when you admit it you might be on your way to recovery How is that penthouse on your library working out for your playnights?
Hungry children in Haiti are having a rough time too you POS.
Oh lord, I love this man y Peety!


Bill Clinton, the Bible says "anyone" can be born again and saved from Hell fire. Just follow Romans 10: 9:10: If thou shall confess with they mouth the Lord Jesus & believ in thy heart that God has raised Him from the dead, Thou shall be saved. Repent of Your sins & be forgiven
I have had rescue dogs or free adoption dogs all my life. Have a great Aussie Sheppard right now....
What a beautiful dog you have!
To be slick must take a Willy small intellect. Finding a home for such tiny minded folks is not as easy as it used to be. When sources claim they Willy don;t know how slick they can be, they finally walk away from that Willy that has been so slick for years. The slide is broke!
guess what you an your wife are getting a freetrip to Cuba ,reopened just for an your trash of a wife devours her make book an make millions
So much so that we would risk our own lives for them 
My little friend on my profile picture
Dogs are precious! Please don't walk dogs on hot pavement. It is horribly painful. I personally know of 2 cases of dogs getting paralyzed (In Newport Bch CA) recently. 1 totally...1 partially. It doesn't make the news.....but it is horrific and beyond painful. Test by walking on.
Hahahahaha , you know its a shithole when they reetweet FAKE NEWS!!!!

These are the awkward ones to get away from the actual crimes practiced by Clinton s?
What an incredible story! Thanks for sharing @BillClinton
And Trump of course has no pets.
THERE ARE UNLIMITED LESSONS TO LEARN BUT LEARN BY ADAPTING YOUR RATIONALITY, HONESTY, SENSE OF RIGHTEOUSNESS, LEVEL OR PROFESSION WITH MODEL CHARACTER BY DELETING THE GREED, ANGER, VANITY & JEALOUSY FROM THE HEART ! YOU WILL BE THE REAL UNIVERSAL STAR ! THANKS !
U r so right,as usual!  But I  expect nothing less from ,the "King of the World! "
Thanks Bill! #AdoptDontShop End #DogMeat

Thank you, @BillClinton! 
Thank you!
Lol
Do all of the Clintons watch the lowest rated news show, and proven To be fake CNN news?
This book touched my heart and soul. <3 Thank you for being a force of inspiration that make this entire story come together!
Would it have saved Seth Rich?
CLINTON CASH — Director's Cut — FULL OFFICIAL MOVIE — Bill & Hillary Cli... https://youtu.be/rmMe-2qaSss  via @YouTube
You can never go wrong in doing the next right thing.

Seriously? SMH...
If it's free to #AdoptDontShop, I'LL DO IT!

If not I gotta see if I can use these...
I wish someone would lock you up already
@Marina_Sirtis Zomg! Something I agree with a Clinton on! :D
Thank you! God bless WJCF!!
Love these important lessons! Rescue dogs bring so much love and happiness into our lives  #AdoptDontShop
Thank you!
Thank you Mr. President!!!
Poodle got me
So true, Mr President!
My president good president in our country history, please advice my party Democrat people to elect John Kerry to lead Democrat for president, he is good truthful, God spirit is in him, he is the savior of Americans, Obama is evil and plz advice Obama to be like you and Bush
Love this president Clinton. Thank you for continuing to take the high road and showing the world what a real president looks like.
@cnnhealth yy771
@cnnhealth qe
@cnnhe√alth jhhx7
@cnnhealth y5
HTE ACCOMPANIEMENTOF SOMEBODY YOU ARE IN LOVE WITH AND MAKING PLANS CAN SPUR YOU
My Bella got me out of the dark hole when my daughter passed. She's lost weight, I haven't but my health and depression have improved.
@cnnhealth 
THANKS BILL.
My baby's get me some pretty ruff times. Thank God for these special gifts.
Trump needs a puppy! I just can’t imagine being that cruel to a puppy.
Thank you, from a dog-rescuer. 
#adoptorshop I have both in my home. How about we stop pushing people on how they get their pets and get off the HSUS and PETA propaganda machine

I must care about obesity in view of health.
Thank you, President Clinton! 
I think they let inmates have pets nowadays Bill.
Excellent advice.Thank You both!
Here's my adopted pet- 1-year old!
Thank you for sharing the importance of adopting! Rescue pets are deep souls and give the most incredible love.

I luv my President Clinton.
Your a crook
Adoption of a pet can save/change your life.  I know. Because it happened to me! Karma,  my baby girl,  keeps my head above water,  drives me to do more,  keeps me sane,  calms my anxiety,  puts smiles on my face...ALL DAY... Just seeing/  thinking abt her!
Eleanor Roosevelt agrees! #adoptdontshop (she also voted for @HillaryClinton and loves snuggling with her Clinton plush)
During my annual physical, I told Doc that I walk the dog 3-4 miles/day, and I wouldn’t walk that much if I didn’t have the dog.  Doc replied, “When the dog dies, get a new dog.”  I’m 71 and walking a one-year old 90# puppy.
Good for you, keep it up!
Hello Mr. President. I want to thank you for all the work your foundation has done and will be doing in 2018 to aid those most venerable in our world. Happy New Year to you and your family.
Why you gotta bring up his weight tho ?
Would rather see you in jail for rape.
. Shelter animals are cute!
lets ask some of yo ladies what wise lessons they learned of tangling with Slick Willie...

Aren't dogs the best Bill?  Here's a video I made for my dogs, two of them passed over the rainbow bridge, you might enjoy. The words to the beautiful song inspired me to make it to help me in my grief.
...can change everything, and something, got a hold of my heart, I do not live anymore in the dark.
Thank you, Mr. President. “Adopt. Don’t shop.”
I wish you could go back to Nr Ireland and sort it out again
Agreed all the dogs I have and had are all adopted
Agree.
lesson for Bill Pig from PizzaGate
You can't buy #love. #AdoptDontShop
Adopt a Pet ;Save a Life( maybe your own as well) & be a Hero !Make this a little for the better with one awesome gesture!#SaveAnAngel 
Yessss!!! Adopt don't shop  thank you    and #friendsnotfood make every day Earth Day!  Changing your diet can make a huge difference in your health and the environment
Thanx B-dawg!  Your big heart means a lot to this world.
My rescue stoled my heart!
This made me so happy. #AdoptDontShop
I see a investigation in the New Year, how about you
Who is better than you?
#AdoptDontShop
Hey Bill, is that words on how to rape women and get away with it, or how to get blow jobs in the white house?
Wonderful story.
Thank you, I am so humbled and grateful for your recognition. As you say, a pet’s love can change everything, so adopt don’t shop!
Very wise indeed. And Mr. President-please consider Senator Clinton from Arkansas. We desperately need your compassion and leadership.
Great story, we need more stories like this on Twitter.
Sir,Happy new year advance.Please help to poor people child for home,health,education and engagement of poor people.
Life with dogs.
I love my shelter pup
@cnnhealth you go girl!
Get Hillary a dog

Thank you for sharing Mr President
Message of hope from the Big Dog!
We have three animals that were all rescued. They are part of our family.
Thank you for your goodness. Real men are kind to animals. 
I couldn’t agree more!
I've never regretted rescuing an animal. That's how I ended up with 7 cats. I have however, been in the position of regretting helping a human who then  turned on me.
I love the #adoptdontshop.  My #rescuedog has my 
Thanks President Clinton for sharing that story.
Just when I think 42 can not get any sweeterSWOoON
Thank you President Clinton. Miss you. You are a true leader.
If Trump had a pet it would run away.
Adopt don't shop!  My mutt Chemo agrees. He got me going again after I beat Stage 4 lymphoma.  Happy New Year!
AND Chemo is dreamy.
and his dad is chopped liver
Not true..... but Chemo is dreamy
Appparently, being unfaithful and banging interns also helps.
This is true but, don’t give them ideas they might get rid of all the pets or cutoff the funding for ASPCA.
We agree, @BillClinton! (And if anyone's looking for a loving high-energy goof of a dog to go for tons of walks & hikes with, Night would be a great match (as long as they have big dog experience, 'cause he needs some remedial puppy training!) - adopt!) https://www.petfinder.com/dog/night-38946121/pa/philadelphia/morris-animal-refuge-pa247/ … 
Yes. 
Hey Slick Willie, remember me?
Dear Clinton Sir had ur dinner just now had what a great leadership did in ur period it's very nice lots of love belated Merry Christmas from India Bengalore pls reply once
Your vegan story inspired me to become one.  Just 4 months into it and I can't believe how much better I feel.  Off all meds, bp way down, cholesterol down 26pts, losing weight, exercising more.  Whole food plant based is the way to go. #BillClinton #vegan
Thank you and great job!
Thank you for sharing your story. Nothing like the love of a pet. 
Thank you :)
Just rehomed an obese 11 yr. old yellow lab whose elderly owner died. He'll get lots of love, less food, and more walks.
Your biggest legacy will be the perversion in your heart
Love this story!  Thanks for posting.
U  WOUD  BETTER  HELP  ME  U   WOUD  NEED  NO  INSULINE   MORE

Yes Bill, also a competent Politician of which you weren't makes a big difference too. Too bad  you and Hillary can't see past your nose to support a President in Trump that is and will continue to make a difference. Trump is the peoples President instead of self-serving like you
Bill, please tell me how do we get more Democrats in the Senate, I can't take the lies anymore.
Wow, love this story as well! Merry Christmas Mr Clinton! Let's heal everything this year!
 my pound kitty. keeps my chips safe from the Donald.  #TheResistance 
#AdoptDontShop
He really stepped back from the spotlight. Jimmy Carter called, wants his life after presidency back...
Very true!
One thing I actually agree with you on!
Vegan! Whole Foods Plant Based ROCKS!
Yay! <3
@cnnhealth Love those #Pets - Helpless #Animals 
Rapist
Trump needs a dog to find a sliver of humanity.
@cnnhealth
Love you Bill
What a dufus ..right Bill?  Zero legacy!!..Zip!! Nada!! ..now THAT is embarrassing!  
Merry Christmas from all my heart from my family to yours
I loved this story. I just hate that Peety died but he had a great end to his wonderful life!!
Even dirty dogs can make it big
Obama
You tell em Bill!
