
About as many as Trump?
Why not talk now?Sexual harrasment & abuse is not something you ignore on one side while you bash the other with it.Double digits both ways.
Thank you Mr President unlike @POTUS who's not giving a crap about us
According to trump its a presidential way to communicate himself exactly without the filter of MSM, so where is he, nowhere ever 4 real pple
and where was yours, buster. I've never had a million dollars but I gave a bigger proportion of my wealth than trump did! And You?????
prove it! liar!
It's devastating and President Trump for some reason won't even mention or tweet about it.  He's more concerned with your wife.
Really? The press conference stating when he will be sending help...was when?
Perhaps because the federal govt gets a LOT of its money FROM Cali taxpayers?
Hey 
Mr.
Clinton,sure wish you were back in business are the 
White 
House.
You knew how to run this country well.
Supp0se war by n korea loss be more then no time for sorro  so put all effort  by all no war be there
Why don't you donate the money you and Hillary stole from the American citizens.  We don't trust anything you or you swamp have to say.
Can you light a Monica cigar with that fire or is it too moist
And so many Americans as a result of #SanctuaryCities..
Put your dirty money where your mouth is#cant wait to see killary in jail
Are you ever concerned with problems from NOT having the wall? I’m from Tx- WE NEED THE WALL https://www.facebook.com/newswest9/posts/10155124524315017 …
Ok, Fair enough.
So.... are u for California burning, or against. Because I'm against and I don't even live there! If you are for it, FU.
https://youtu.be/IrG_ruywQ38 
Does not mean much coming from scum
Tragic! #LibbiRealtor
Thank you wish you where still in office you are one of the greats


Sad testament to our delicate environment....that we're helping to destroy.
dear Billy You have to remember You are still The God s President of US till The next The Gog s One will be on duty  so keep The Health
My dad's family was from Santa Rosa. It Is very sad.
Trump doesn’t like CA because they didn’t vote for him.
Wasn't those Fires, SET INTENTIONALLY,
to DETRACT from news that
Awan Spies WERE WORKING FOR obama.....?


Real presidents will always do real things ! Trump hasn’t tweet about California because he’s lacks a heart !
Because he has no property there....doesn't concern him...boarder line personality disorder...
You dont have a heart, you gave it to rhe Russians!!

Thank you sir.  I'm happy to say that our local and state politicians have been amazing.  Federally of course, not so much.
Bullcrap.
My neighbors that lost everything and are dealing with FEMA might disagree.  Unless you live in the fire zone, pipe down.
Shame on the American government and people, you put your back to Kurdistan at very difficult moments in our war with Iran .Tell me why ?
Because we have an amateur in the White House who doesn’t understand diplomacy.
We need America's support for us because of America, and our friendship with it is being attacked by a terrorist Iran
Were kinda busy right now. Please leave a name and a number and we might get back to you. Have a merry jesus christ loving christmas.
You have to help Kurdistan. Kurdistan because of its historical friendship with America was subjected to a blatant attack from Iran terroris

Mr President. Our country needs real help. Trump is destroying the democracy. Can u think of a way to help? Thank you! #ImpeachTrumpANDPence

Thank you @BillClinton
Wish you were still President
May the Holy Spirit of God console them
Amen 
Aye what are some special smoothies I can use to make our god serve us???
Your support is highly needed ..
https://www.gofundme.com/lungs-disease-copd-help …
Save a soul...also share
It's so scary and sad to see so many displaced people. Unfortunately it's heating up and drying up more. #CaliforniaFires #GlobalWarming
thank you person who knows how to act presidential
Fires are pandora, We must care about fire.
Dear Mr. President, please come back. We so need a leader of our country.  The US needs a president so badly.
chump has yet to even mention the fires! When is the Fab 5 going to start campaign against that learning disabled orangutan?!
John13:34-35As 4Us_We, This SelfSameDay HasAnObligation 2Obey "GODS Word"_Its Not "DoNot Touch"...But Simple To "Love 1Another"
The pedos thank you.
Thank you president Bill Clinton
You better hurry up and get out there and have your foundation rip off a bunch of people like you did in Haiti!
... we love you President Clnton.
Have you 'tweeted' anything to Danny lately?
I 'tweeted' therefore I 'care'  -  weirdo
ORANGE JUMPSUIT  -  that ALL I can think of...  HEH
Especially the wine,!
What about OREGON Bill ? Oregon had 963 fire this summer and some are still burning until we get our winter rains to put them out
Thank you President Clinton for  you and your family, Remained a great leader and loving to all Ameicans.
I agree on it
California forest fires often happen every year. We must think dry Climate on guard.
Thanks for acknowledging the fires. It's awful
Was that arsonist paid by Soros to start the fires?!
It’s nice to see comp(ass)ion and not complete (Ass)dom.
And you can thank your perverse politics for the tragedy....illegal Mexican
Yes. We are praying for them.
Yes, this is so sad. My heart goes to all the residents & victims of Calif. for their loss and devastation. You all are in my prayers!

So sad!
http://ThePayz.com/?refer=36928 
Thanks Mr President for words not offered by the current holder of this title. I live in Mendocino County, blessed to be ok, many are not.
Thank you, President Clinton!
Thanks President Bill Clinton
Aliens just tell me real or fake?..
Thank you @BillClinton for saying what the current president doesn't have in him to say
Here’s to all that need our thoughts and prayers
Trump hasn’t talked to the President of California yet. He likes to make those phone calls himself.
Thank you, President Clinton: so much more heart-felt than anything coming from the current heartless occupant of the White House.
We got our butts kicked, still hundreds missing. Not a word from Trump. This can no longer be an acceptable way of behavior from any leader
Are prayers  are with Calf Amen
about to lose our house.  Was with SF in Vietnam.  Shot in knee, broke my neck in helicoper crash, Can not get anywhere with VA
Thank you for your caring remarks.
Thank you!  I can’t wait to get out of this smoke!  My lungs hurt so bad.  #bluescruise
Hello and hi have a good day
Thank you @BillClinton, we want you and your wife @HillaryClinton (the REAL president) back!
Friend Mr. BILL
También en SPAIN estamos sufriendo incendios, aunque aquí es el hombre.
Pero nuestro corazón también está con California.
So sad.
Thank you President Clinton.
our hearts are with our friends what does it mean? We must avoid it.
Thank you.  California is burning and the current "administration" won't mention it because someone may say "clinate change".

Thank you Sir God bless
More people dead in CA than Houston yet DT no where to be found. Thanks BC for kind words. Wish you were still Prez!
How u like trump. Just asking
You President Clinton were & are a greater man & POTUS then Trump could ever be! Thank you! #ImpeachTrumpANDPenceNow
Thanks from Napa.
Thank you Mr President. Unfortunately the current President feels different
Yes, President Clinton my heart is with them too. Thank you President Clinton, you're a great man with a huge heart, both you and Hillary.
Mine, as well. The key message is, you and HRC have hearts and show heart. Thank you both.
At least we have one president tweeting about the CA fires.
Thank you !!
As a Californian I thank you. It’s a pity 45 has shown zero concern.
Thank you President Clinton. #California loves you and @HillaryClinton Hialways.
We miss you
Russian Collusion:
Thank you
Thanks...
That crazy nut that is in office is going to start a war,  and Hilary Clinton should have been the new president and keep Obama work going
Hello my friend I still say that your wife should have been the new president
@ARSHAVIR_DBA
Here's a Man with Class unlike our President @realDonaldTrump all he cares about is himself and polls
odd trump has said nothing
Nice to know that a former POTUS is paying attn to what’s going on in CA - current one sure as heck isn’t! (We saw your motorcade here in Northridge 3 days after our EQ; your FEMA showed up a week B4 our insur co. YOUR govt was here for people....)
Thank you Mr. President
AWESOMELY MISSED
You are so right on.  It's not a political issue.  It's a human issue.
Thank you for speaking out! PLEASE CONTINUE, WE NEED AMERICANS.& WORLD TO SEE WE DO NOT SUPPORT TRUMP OR HIS DYSFUNCTIONAL BEHAVIOR
And never once mentioned by that guy in the White House
http://mashable.com/2017/10/16/scott-rosenberg-screenwriter-weinstein-hollywood.amp … You knew too.
Y'all probably tossed some evidence in there
I didn’t have sex with that women
Thank you Mr. President for acknowledging our tradegy.  This prez doesn’t care!
One of my favs!  @realDonaldTrump you are The Tin Man, the Lion, and The Cowardly Lion.. three characters in one. No heart, brain or courage
Now THAT is a presidential post!!! 
Thank you for acknowledging it!!! Sincerely, all of California
President Clinton is a compassionate leader.
@LindaDStrawser And now we add loss in the Santa Cruz mountains as well
Can someone teach @realDonaldTrump how to tweet please
Thank you 42. You were/are a true POTUS who cares about ALL Americans, even those who may not have voted for you.
has anyone told 45 about the fires in california because as far as i remember he has not said anything, i guess he is waiting to get all the facts in. yeah right
Thank you @BillClinton. We need your leadership now more than ever.
Why not go to the west coast and give one of your speeches.
Thanks Pres. Clinton.The idiot in the WH doesn't know to do this. He'd rather bully, lie and give himself credit for everything!!!
TY Pres. Clinton! Nice & refreshing to see another former president have compassion. Unlike the one currently in office #prayers4cali 
Thank you.
You are only upset because you & the Dems are seeing votes go up in flames. #Califires
Apparently all they will.get are your verbal farts
We know if this happened on your watch you would have been here already. Thanks for the well wishes. Send money.
Thank you Bill for your presidential concern.
Enjoyed your conversation with the prior Canadian PM. If only more tuned in #processwillwin
Thank you REAL President!! Need all 5 of you to speak out more!
well i hope the golf course won;t catch on fire an disturbs someone else game!
Thanks for the effort Mr. Clinton...
That’s the presidential response. We need you back!! 
Our hearts are with the families of the people you had murdered
Yet another example of presidential class that is surely lacking in the present White House!
From one disaster area (Puerto Rico) to another, our hearts are w/ you. Thank God you are not being blamed for your tragedy by 45. God bless
Thank you President Clinton.
Bite me! You don't care about the people in Cali. You only care about yourself.
Mr. President - thank you!  You and President Obama should be examples for # 45.  Oh well!!
Thank you from us Mr. President
