So does your High Quality Columbian Cocaine Addiction plus your Erotical Affairs at Tax Payers Expense
Where were you when crack was destroying the inner cities? Oh yeah, promoting 3 strikes and destroying families.
I rub the balm on my thigh. I have chronic nerve damage. 
It's half THC, half CBD. Years of looking and meds, I put it on 3x s day. Great!

Your wife is the reason people turn to drugs.
Yes I hope there fair one, many chronic pain patients are loosing there medicine over it, That isn't the answer either. Patches in China, need to be at higher monitoring.
Please support kratom... Kratom tea saves lives
Yes there promoting med Marj. But know this for serious suffers. Doesn't do what you'll be hoping for, also it cost a few grand out of Your pocket to come close to any relief, that's totally not ok!!   We have how many dying from drinking, they don't stop that!
regardless the fact, that I'd a refugee status because all my  life I'd been persecuted in my country because I'm a Jew.
              Meantime, my lawyers are preparing a petitions to courts in order to find a justice for me and my family…
  I'll be apprecciate for your respons
Thanks for the great work!
You should have treated the Crack epidemic with the same importance, but you made it a high crime thereby locking up millions of POC. Sad!

Hello Mr. ex President Bill Clinton. You don't know me and I don't think ever heard of me, but I'm a victim of your unlawful decision in the Immigration act that you've signed during your codemtion as a president of the United States.

Since November of 1993, me and my family were refugees and have  received a social security and a green cards. All my family are US  citizens for many years, but I was unlawfully deported from the United  States,
It's called the US consulate mate
Mr Bill Clinton can u work with me help me get illegal drugs off the streets of America .I was wondering how are you I miss your presidency ! God bless you sir
Wow
You don't mean those opium fields you had us guarding. Do you realize how much opium you shipped in to the good old USA. I did my part bill. I made sure you got your shipment to epstiens island. So you and your pervert brother's could get high and rape another boy. We're aware.
If you people don't live in pain you don't have a right to have discussions without involving people that suffer. The problem is for many illegal drugs are cheaper and we are treated like criminals for being in pain .
Just exactly how are you affected bill
Sure does affects us all...puts money in your pocket....right!
I know it does I've  lost good friends, the deep state should stop bringing it I to the country.
THIS MAN IS A EVIL MAN..YA LL CRAZY PAISIN HIM.
#justiceforchester #justicefor chriscornell
Something needs to be done, and a border wall is not the simple answer.  Bags of drugs can easily be thrown over a wall, or sent under a wall without anyone knowing.
Yeah I think if Mexico would cooperate with U S  this problem wouldn't be nearly as bad also if they sentenced smugglers to death it might stop
ALSO PEOPLE SUFFERING WITH CHRONIC PAIN being denied pain meds and no one cares ,WE DIDN'T DO ANYTHING BUT GET SICK AND NEED HELP ALSO!
Truth! 
https://www.ncnp.org/journal-of-medicine/1929-doctors-fleeing-pain-management-dumping-patients.html …
Has anyone noticed that ALL POLITICIANS don't touch the subject or chronic pain patients being denied much needed PAIN MEDICATION ?
Please use your influence to help get the FDA to ban #OPANA . There is no legitimate medical event that can't be treated with a different less addictive opioid for pain. #CoffinsOrCoffers Take a stand!!!
Give us it to your old lady!  She'll live it!  Probably already is!
I saw but honest try take just 1 - 15 year crack user & try 2 get him 2, not even normal, just decent life. Just 1. Then try it on the next.
They don't have anything but crack. So what do they have, what are they without it? Yes the stigma is for a reason. Most can't recover.
maybe there r intermediate jobs that will get previous users back being able to work. Maybe gov give intermediate jobs. Retrain their lives.

If you care about the issue- Ask @HillaryClinton why she took more money from Big Pharma than all other candidates combined. @CNN @FoxNews
Bill Clintons you are a rapist pig. Pedophile
As did the Crack crisis but the response was to lock them up. Nixon declared war on drugs, it continued and extended to your 3 strikes law.
is it like Mena?
Can you shed some light on major Company who makes the US Saline Solution for all Hospitals & Medical Puerto Rico? Major shortages?
BnmmnnNmcmmncnvnnmmvmnncnbnnnnbv z – at JWU Harborside Academic Center
The problem with Cannabis  is being able to function while taking It.. I have a friend who has sever chronic pain, cannabis doesn’t work.
Sure there is abuse but people that really need it are going to be at risk.
As copay goes up from 10.00 to $182.00 per refill which is now.
Actually I think OxyContin is the best pain medicine out there which has the least amount of side effect.
I know people who have been taking OxyContin for twenty years with no problem.
Some deaths have been from people who forget how much.
I wonder how much counterfeit opioid death there are.
I believe more deaths are actually from the counterfeit ones rather than the real.
Definitely will tune in to the important discussion.  Thank you.
http://pre09.deviantart.net/b489/th/pre/i/2014/082/3/b/you_re_sucha_hippo_crate_by_applepie232-d7bdgk8.jpg …
What a pathetic copy cat, jumping on our POTUS Trump's coat tails!!
15 years in Afghanistan, the USA military are opium farmers. What else have they accomplished?
Mr. President, we all do respect, what will happen to people like me that have a chronic illness that causes incredible pain? Who will help
My sis 63 opioid addicted for nearly 20 years. Complications from surgery. Menace to parents age 94. Help!
Big Medicine wants you to buy more expensive and synthetic pain killers.
thanks.
Strip the manufacturersof their licenses, expose the beneficiaries of the big pharma companies. Educate about addiction.
Yeah, Trumps working on it.
Narcan for opioid overdose responders #FLNARCAN
Narcan for opioid overdose responders #FLNARCAN

Happening Now: Former Pres. @BillClinton expected to arrive soon for Clinton Foundation Project, Narcan donation. @wjxt4 

Showing how narcan works. @ActionNewsJax 
How to end the opioid crisis? Cannabis instead for pain and many other ailments. I was never a smoker or asxwe used to say timer...
“Uh that was supposed to be “toker”
Who are you kidding?  Remember Mena? Now Offit and Clintons have their dirty fingers in all these deals.
Learn ang lìsten to the people.  They aĺl want laws to regulate the doctors .  Get your shit together.
@BillClinton please hit backspace once at "more" in your profile information.  Sorry I'm nuts about that for some odd reason....
This is my story just one of millions
those with chronic pain, such as trigeminal neuralgia, CRPS MS etc rarely get addicted butthat ignored in this take all prisoners campaign
1) In Baltimore u spoke but omit major population hurt by screed against opioids Many w chronic pain rely on them as only/last tx available
Sir,Pain Patients r dying bc of Opioid mess. Drs need 2 decide 4 patients,not govt. 20 yrs on opioids 4 RSD. I work, pay taxes, vote. Help!
Rogelio nieto García
How much money are you making off this?
During Nam the millitary had palets of drugs brought here by the wealthy,I saw a story on it about 25 years ago
I am medically on opiates,I have bad reactions from  too many inflammatory diseases,I wouldn't make it! But now I can't get my meds medicad
https://twitter.com/JacobAWohl/status/924846639696592896 … #jeffreyepstein
Kevin Spacey and Bill Clinton went on convicted pedophile Jeff Epstein's Boeing 727 for the first time in 2002 http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/who-is-jeffrey-epstein-a-study-of-the-man-linked-to-worlds-of-celebrity-politics-and-royalty-9954397.html …
@HillaryClinton @BillClinton  Liar Liar pantsuit   on fire. 
TRICK OR TREAT it's Mueller at the door.
Solutions by crooks at the Clinton http://foundation.com 
TRUTH

This is the truth about the so-called #OpioidCrisis 
#opioidsummit 
 https://www.ncnp.org/journal-of-medicine/1929-doctors-fleeing-pain-management-dumping-patients.html …
Thank You President Clinton my 34 yr old daughter with 2 children died. She had an operation and they gave her oxy. Went to heroin and od’d
How many billions did you make off of it
Didn't you know? The Golfer in the White House solved the problem: "Don't Start and lots of Advertising"
Rape effects us all also #RAPIST
Maybe the Clinton Foundation could donate to help end the crisis
Sex offender
Please understand their are people with chronic pain.
an excellent team work of experts past presidents can give the best results for that .thanks
Look at the number of retweets, I think that tells us who bill Clinton really is.
Please this is only an epidemic because of your CAMP campaign and denying millions of Americans from pain relief by natural unharmful pot
Hob nobbing with the Bushes doesn’t exonerate you from the pervert you really are! Your wife is a failure as well! Retire & get Lost!
we hope that they're also looking at the health care providers giving this stuff out like candy
Considering who you are married to, we will excuse the occasional Vicodan if you need it.
#EpsteinClintonSpacey #PedoIsland
Did you inhale this time bubba?
Just tell kids ‘don’t do drugs’, simple, right? Omg, he is Americas biggest idiot! Will watch. Ty
Doubting BIG PHARMA will be attending, intending to help in our current epidemic.
#Opioids have a place as Pharmaceuticals, just Not for #Addiction or #Recreational Use. #Support #Therapy #LAWATV 
https://m.facebook.com/TrishsAtTheVault/?__tn__=C-R …
To continue ... I never abused them, bought them off the street or did heroine.  STOP PUNISHING THOSE OF US WHO TAKE OUR MEDS RESPONSIBLY.
I have chronic pain where vertebrae are fusing and no cartilage in both knees. Ive been on pain meds for 20 years. Not addicted

I'm a single mother needing help and was hoping u could help me, please
Thanks Bubba, but I'm too busy watching your wife flail into the pay for play you and she have done for years. Monica's got nothin on HRC.
thank you for embracing this epidemic with the concern and gravity it deserves. 
i am a recovering heroin addict and almost died from an OD.
Not True.  Get Real Facts and Not Gather False Information.
There’s worse thing in the world to be worry about, uh!
Except for minorities
Pot is the solution
Yeah They help my pain so they effect me nicely. But I love you Bill. Better when on my meds lol
Thanks President.
Reminds me of your cocaine connection with Barry Seal.  You can’t hide Bill!
Just don’t start is the easiest way to not get addicted - kelly swamp rat Barbie
@RealRonHoward @JohnsHopkinsSPH Oh go smoke another cigar
Jealous much ?
Thank god for trump on this. Bill Clinton you are the sex crisis that affects us all.
Lot of pollution and climate change going on, y'all need to get on these matters, too. Easy, make laws to get corps to reduce factory usage, shut a bunch down, even, and make better fuels solar/electric, carpool, ride bikes. We tell you the solution, but no laws to enforce them.
You’re going to need some opioids when DOJ finally gets around to the real treasonous acts you and Hilldawg committed.
Lol from the biggest coke head and pedo to make President ahahahaha big thumbs up Slick Willie
The Clinton crisis is worse
Will not tune in to anything with Slick willie the pervert involved in it!
Only pussy grabbers for you ?

Thank you.
Follow the moneyGo after the pharma companies sending thousands of pills to small pharmaciesThat’s the start of the problem.They are pushers
I have multiple solutions to this terrible problem. I am on the front line fighting everyday. I just can’t seem to get anyone to listen.
Ha ha
What I said is funny?
Wait you don't want to throw them in jail? What about the people dealing? Waittttttt! This is a white problem so it needs a doc not a cop 
Very Good
In DC? #ICFGWForum on #OpioidCrisis is Nov. 1. Examines issues that impact and complicate the epidemic. register - http://bit.ly/2gOpymg 
I have taken myself off my pain meds 3 times,I always end up back on them,cause pain is making me mean,not the meds....I am afraid !
Absolutely
maybe America should learn to control drugs from the Philippines.
Didn't you create the drug cartels via the CIA when you were governor of Arkansas?  You should probably not speak on this topic.

Absolutely Agree.BUT Not everyone abuse opiates.
BUT-What about OUR 
Gun Control Laws ! ?
More ppl die getting shot !WE NEED to do something
Thanks...
