Thank you for being a real president and humanitarian.
The Dems are such perverts, but then they did mock Jesus...so I don't expect much else from them!
#THANKYOU Mr. President Clinton
Former
They have the distinction of being referred to as Mr President for life.
Who thought of that,let me think,5 x presidents in a room,standing president walks in and their all introduced  as Mr President, think not.former president.
Sorry Boyle you are wrong
Your right I'm wrong,I looked this up and that's the way it's done,I don't understand it,but,yes I'm wrong,your right.
Way to own it Boyle. Much respect!
At least Bill has a brilliant mind something we'll never seen again in a President since the current #stablegenius has lowered the bar for being President

Can you remind people that you were impeached? I find it hilarious that people are actually saying you were a good president. Remind them please.
His acquittal makes your point kinda moot
oh my god....I literally understand why this country is falling apart now...
Ya you right not pull back,we have to continue support other and founding global health issues good luck will be I'm pretty sure Sam Love
Wonder how many VD’s you have given Bill?
We'll see just how important soon, I'm soon. #TickTock
Hey Billy! Looks like you're not the only pervert in the Dem party!!!
Thank you, Mr President. 
Nephew Cy...yC
I’m not kidding when I say that I’m somewhat concerned for your health Mr President. In recent photos and videos it looks like you are wasting away from some long term health problem. Also, you have some skin issues that I’ve seen on AIDS victims. 
Hope that’s not the case.
Please stand by America’s president and support deregulation, jobs, tax cuts, and construction projects!

He had flaws but I miss him

Sill making Watered Down HIV Vaccines?
Hmm wasn't it your global initiative fund that sent watered down aids vaccinations to 3rd world countries, and those poor people got sicker. Nice try liar
You are a crook!!  And you let people with AIDS die in Africa while you pocketed MILLIONS $$$
Bill,ushould really keep a lower profile.
What nerve you have Clinton. You steal from the very people that you claim to help and care for.  You should be greatly ashamed of your doings.
yC,Rome,Italy...Signed,Cy!
yC,Cy
Same year you signed the "Defense" of Marriage Act banning gay couples from getting married, making the lives of gay people with AIDS more difficult -- while you were committing adultery, making a mockery of your own "marriage".
But I thought AIDS
was CREATED and SPREAD
by the CFR-CIA-BushClintonObama   MAFIA...

WAIT - That's YOU,  ...right...?
#NobodyBelievesYouAnyMore

#Checkmate 
#4/10/20
I'll never forget that you send me a letter giving me your condolences for my sister's passing (from Aids) & telling me everything the @ClintonFdn was doing to end this horrible disease. Thank you for everything you d for the world, President Clinton! You are a class act.
And a sexual predetor!!!
Cool!
Rapist
You must be referring to trump!!!!
And we must stop denying the importance of Science.
You mean the importance of GOD?!
this is a terrible desease.there are lot's of speculations where it started.
Thank goodness AIDS remains incurable,
Yeah, keep up the fight. God knows how often you've been thankful not have gotten infected .. with this at least.
Hey Bill,
Orange is the new black!
Yes everyone look at this big giant rock we spent so much money on when it could have gone to the cures we suppress so we can keep making money from the victims.
What about all the $ we could save if we get rif of trump & his administration!!!
And really ask the people in Haiti about the Clintons. They will tell you the truth about hiv/aids drugs and why  the Clintons are Billionaires now because of aids drugs. Imagine that. Aids drugs made them billionaires. Find out how.
Hi Bill Remember Wood Haven Apartments In Santa Maria CA I Am Now At Ana's Place Homeless Shelter In Bronx NY on Maps By Prince Maurcel Thanks For Your Help.

Rod Robert B Welch

You are perfect godfather for this monument.
Your 'manufactured' disease has been outed. Stop the bullshit!!
So what are you doing here, marking the spot where you had cheese pizza? I ask because I see a huge corny smile on your face at a 'Memorial" marker for AIDS.
You guys look like you are about to piss.
Trump lays his hand on the Holy Western Wall and soon he will build a Wall on the American Southern boarder.  You lay hand on your rock ... its best and a good thing that you do ... Aids ... its bad ... thanks.  I hope with your history your okay?
Did you ever give AIDS  to any of the women you sexually assaulted?
Oh Bill, Rapists like you don't matter to anyone but liberals.
how much of this rock scam went 2 u re pockets, haitians need there $$$back
Trump is undoing everything!!!
Excellent sir .you have been such a wonderful person of every excellent

AIDS/HIV. Created in the US. Sick....
Wear gloves while touching the stone!
But it's totally fine to pull back the criminality of spreading hiv
Bill!!! HELP!!
Where is this please
From the guy who sold hiv-tainted blood from Arkansas prisoners to Bayer Pharmaceuticals LOL dude you're just too much just go away
ms.president i hate you,you suisid my eya
and my hand,,,respekte anisa for you.
You better. No telling how many sexually transmitted diseases you have and have passed across the world
I heard the chemist invented aide and sent it out to ruin gays.
Wake up people. Investigate. The f..ing virus was created by our govt. They want to kill us off.
U.S. is responsible for aids.
Have you ever thought about changing your name to Bill Clit?
Haven't you been paying attention, this administration is going to destroy our America! They don't give a damn about anything but all the money they will rake in! People dying, so what, their souls are evil!
I hear that Hillary is still pissed off that no one sexually abused her not even you.
U look like u have aids.. Seriously tho the evil within u 2 is visible..
hey bill. Just wanted to wish u a WONDERFUL #MAGA monday!  U've been kinda quiet lately. Something wrong? #QAnon

did you have any sexual relations with that rock too?
LOCK UP THE CLINTON CRIME FAMILY IMMEDIATELY!!
You outta know. You look like you have it
Maybe some foundation money could go to it.  Americans would love to see where the money came from.
And America would love to know where that money goes to. Certainly not to charities.
Is that why you look so sickly?
At least it was consensual and he didn’t just grab p—-y!  And be stupid enough to brag about it!

Thank God for President Donald John Trump!
Make America great again



中国:
十几亿被共产党压迫奴役的人们！随时面临强拆房子，冬天不许烧煤取暖！出外打工被清理！无处安身，只能露宿街头！幼儿园的小孩子虽然可能被猥亵！生病了无钱医治只能等死！从吃喝拉撒没有一样是放心的！哪怕死后墓…
Wrap it up Billy boy.
Bill no one blames you for not being attracted to Hillary.  But you should take responsibility for your STD's
اركع 
Stop spreading aids then
Well said Sir. To you and Hillary Clinton from Australia.
A great campaign to support is Jesus Christ's campaign to not have sex with multiple partners, men-on-men, woman-on-woman, and no sex before marriage. This effort would make great strides is putting a stop to HIV/AIDS. America, do you love enough to make this change? Amen&Amen!!!
I hope you've been tested 
god love  youuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu bill

Online shopping from a great selection at imarku Kitchen Store. http://amzn.to/2Apl669  via @amazon
We will support you

Comme il était important d'inventer une loi que @POTUS légalise aujourd'hui ! Loi contradictoire au droit international que vous prétendez défendre, aux résolutions de l @ONUinfo en faveur d'Israël honteusement! @BillClinton  tricheur pire que #trump qui signe la fin des usa
Lots of people understood you. Next time try mongol
Chuck Schumer
Thank you mr. Clinton you were a big job creator? You know what kind?
it is really what is happening in the world today but the most terrible is your silence our silence, the silence of suffering humanity but it says nothing, nothing is disappointing ; #AlgerianSoldier
Bill could you kindly put your dog on a leash
it's sad that we still have people squeamish talking about AIDS in our own country.
EVERY TIME I SEE YOUR FACE
there should be stop violance in the disputed area. Respected if we are really very genious gyes then we should work to save the humanity and save the world. I hope if we think about one second that we have to go back to god, then me must help creation.
Good also is the current drive to force sexual predators and spousal enablers from public office...

You and Obama... The greatest we had...
Russia, Iran,Cuba would agree with U Me? not at all, although Bill gets points for after his first 2 horrific years on our economy he listened to Republicans instead of his moronic radical wife&lowered taxes, cut welfare, cut spending,internet freed up to all  & economy took off
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=406325469785218&id=383018155449283 …

How’s Monica doing?
You’re awesome Mr Clinton! 
Are you a white nationalist? reason I ask is Bill Clinton's MENTOR & hero was WILLIAM FULLBRIGHT! A staunch segregationist! Fullbright  voted AGAINST EVERY CIVIL RIGHTS BILL! He hated black people..so this is Bill Clinton's mentor& hero! If you dont believe me, Google It, fact
Mr former president who is the designated survivor of US?
How I can help financially
Nerd alert
I wish u were the only President! That Jewish Monica screwed you.... just like they r going use Trump!
Dude! Clinton has Aids that dude is hurting...
Just look at him, he is sick..very sick.
Thank you for great Love To Human welfare.God bless you sir.
They got the fire down below
覺醒 人子可靈鈍
The 1st Real Christmas just dated 20171225 by The Holy Arrival Lord369DiAMONDSiDiongGong Himself 
Rogelio nieto García Imágenes de amor para celulares

Monika
They got the fire down below
wtf
Hmm...AIDS...
The division of Yugoslavia is caused by the Americans, the United States caused global terrorism is one of you, it was worth it.
Hello!!
I am a professional graphics designer. i will remove or change background any images and amazone; ebay product super fast.
I am so grateful for all you have done for the AIDS community especially for the hemophilia community.  Thanks for signing the Ricky Ray Hemophilia Relief Act, named after my son.

What a shameful man!



LavendarSkies
If0nly 
What isit?

