It's nice to see a president talking positively about our sports .


http://ThePayz.com/?refer=36928 
Hey Bubba when you going to give the money to Haiti and when you going to say something about Harvey Weinstein.  Let me know
Honor!
Bill honest question, how many people did you rape? I don’t need gender or age. Just a simple number will do. YOUR MY INSPIRATION Bill. Lol

@HillaryClinton 500,000,00 for a speech in Moscow in 2010 hmmmmmmm
Congratulations Team USA
You didn't know?
Between you and Obama I don’t know who was the most corrupt president
So that means you want to make America Great and keep it that way? Dont tell hillary! she will be mad that you have crossed over to MAGA!



Lawyers for Imran, laptop with name“RepDWS” must not evidence because he put note saying “attorney client privilege”
God we miss you Bill!!!
Meanwhile while they play...bill will sell their URANIUM to Russia and pocket 500k for a speech to Russians??? and they say rape doesn't pay



Good stuff xD
How would you know?

Watched a great match. Congratulations to Team USA.
#supportkurdistan
I am sorry? How about some words for everyone suffering in the islands while people wore flags and golfed?
I thought all presidents stick together and have respect for each other but you guys show you are divided and if you're divided we all divid
To the ex-president I thought you guys stick together you know how hard that job is all presidents just stick together
You don't even care about the calamity happened in las vegas,, #inhumanity
sir i love to meet you. make it possible. because you are my all time favourite personallity
Nice !!!
congratulations
Jesus bless you because you are help people 
Great to now Det you love JESUS Bill Clinton
U were a good President and u left a good legacy to American people. God bless u sir and uphold u
My role model hope to see u one day 
Wish to go to America but I'm not financially stable.God can use u sir and I will be very happy 2 see u
I salute u sir, how are u and the family hope God is take control?
Sir, I need your help very badly. Please reply to me

This is  my advice to Hillary Clinton and your  foundation 
http://tothefoundation.blogspot.com/2017/09/why-i-wrote-this-blog.html … Thanks for consideration!
http://tothefoundation.blogspot.com/2017/09/fs-details-for-introduction-of-tcm-in.html …
World best cupal of politic. This is great .  This is history of world.
Hi Bill Clinton
THANK YOU PRESIDENT CLINTON for all that you do .
How about ,"Congratulations Kenya, u r 2 receive ur HD pornstar body makeover&biggerthanmost retirement via USA Army!" &then I b like yay!
Thanks...

Really?
Thank you President Clinton. Let's pray for some divine intervention in the current administration.
Love u president Clinton
Just saw this tweet & Trump & Hillary came to mind . Today some one told me that present US First Lady has remained a Play boy cover girl 


Bill wait till Europe get USA in Ryder cup 
Would've been good if you guys would've come together--you, Obama, Bush 41 & 43, and Carter--to warn the nation that Trump is unfit to serve

Find another Monica yet?
Was Monica the best playing with you?
Chill Bill
Trump will be a better than clinton'swife.
My love for your music done dey pass my love 4 my girl
#SupportKurdistan
We miss you so much Bill 
Can anybody give us some attention?
We are un-saudi girls and we have dreams to live better life.

Hi mr
Congratulations our team 
Would you ever consider running again as VP?
Hello president "the best" Clinton good to see you here and can we vote you back in office? GOP changing rules everyday! Bill and Hillary!!
@presidentscup 42..43..44..er er hum forget it smh


Thank you for the inspiration our family starts reducing consumption of animal products first thing in the am 

Wish you could run again. The country needs a leader
good morning sir how are you
Good to see you out there Mr. President
No Dilly Dilly
Silly silly
the first president to saytake a knee
It's a shame #OrangutanDonnie was there to ruin the mood #WhyDontPresidentsFightTheWars #IDidNotHaveSexualRelationsWithThatWoman
We all enjoyed seeing you with 43 and 44 together.
I got HRC!s book too!
It was more than just a strong victory. They MURDERED them.
Thank you Mr president for all your support to the Kurds we love you

Cigars all around!!!!!!
Yeah Trump will probably take credit for it somehow. Please rescue us Bill!
sos
See... that’s how a President tweets.. 
On another note, it was so good to see you and your fellow presidential fraternity on the first tee this week.  What a a wonderful site.
I am happy for them (USA) but it has to get more competitive. It was like watching pro's play a college team, we need more of a challenge.
Shut up shill.
  
How many child's did you pick up while you where there.
Thanks Mr President! It’s a nice change to like and show respect in a tweet to a President!! #ImpeachTrumpNow
He Bill, what do you recommend for removal of this type of parasite?
good morning sir
Support #kurdish people, those who have destroyed #ISIS and saved the world from terror #SupportKurdistan

Ahhh the former pervert in chief has spoken lmao
I think technically, the best played the second best, ja?
Please be our president again. Please tell me you and the other former Presidents have a plan to save us!!
It'll be a treat to watch it after you know who is gone. Hopefully next year!
We need you and your wife Trump is destroying the country
Mr Clinton, could you and Hillary please find a way to toss out putins election results 
Hi sir Shawn Mr President just took
Support Kurdistan independence
- please come back. We need you. Current POTUS has too many temper tantrums...
Perfect proof that money does not give you class .  We have an uneducated , draft dodger, hater, how I miss educated Presidents.
Why aren't you in @realDonaldTrump face for insulting yr wife @HillaryClinton and not watching golf at #PresidentsCup?
Because silence is golden!! Mr. President and My President Hillary are highly educated. No need to get in a clowns face!
Dear bill Clinton. Save us.
#KurdistanBlockade
Was he a good president before or after the stains
You're allowed to watch golf, you're retired lol 
So glad @realDonaldTrump got to give the trophy  did you see @PresidentsCup tweet so are they
MR PRESIDENT SATAN HAS BEEN REVEALED TO US WHAT ARE THEY GOING TO DO !YOU DO KNOW SATAN IS PURE EVIL
Always a treat to see you tweet!
I know you won't reply, because you have tact, but when you saw HIM, tell me a part of you wasn't wishing for a stray golf ball
Why don't you speak out against the NFL and you being an ex President you shouldn't bat an eye to it.
thanks bill
Always good to hear from a real president
Mr. President, what are the citizens of Puerto Rico, also US citizens supposed to do with a golden golf cup??  Really??
It’s symbolic and it’s 45BS.True.  
And 42 can do what he likes, he’s fundraising for PR and he knows he’s lucky he can take a sunday off :)
Lmfao!
Understand that Trump is there today. Did you say hello? If not that’s OK! How about George & Barack?@HillaryClinton OK if they ignore him 

Congratulations!
Bill we all know that you are a moral man, you did not do to all those women what they say, and the woman that says you raped her, Who knows
Watch out Trump cheats at golf
Thank you Mr. President aka #theFoundationOnWhichThisProgressWasBuilt
Bill, help us all
But president Clinton, what can we do about Trump????
Today I Nigeria's Independence
President Clinton you are awesome and that's all I have to say
Így hirtelen jól jönne egy klassz 3. csodás vezetéknév is! Puszi a családnak és szuper mami!
Hey! I've been looking for you! Why haven't you been home? -H
Just listened to audiobook of My Life - you’re one of the most brilliant politicians of our time
Hi President Clinton!
Youre interest is here in #Kurdistan the alley that has been loyal for a long time.
Mr. Clinton, you were a good president. I will not forget your mourning speech to Helmut Kohl.
Greetings from Munich.
How in the hell did I ever love and support you if these horrible people do?
Did you tell Trump to stop tweeting like an idiot? Tell Hillary I voted for her and bought her book. I also raised my sons to respect women.
Like Trump would listen to President Clinton.
Can't be the best Bill!
The Irish weren't playing 
Thank you Mr President
#Kurds nation got right 2 have their state,as same as you're nation did,please don't forget #humanRights & as yall know ur intresnt is here
