
Hey it seems your wife @HillaryClinton forgot how much of a sexual harraser you are what’s your daughter think @ChelseaClinton
That this guys a perv
A dude like @BillClinton who’s raped women is worse
He's never been charged with rape, where do you get this crap from, Fox?
He’s been absolutely accused of rape, just like @HarveyWeinstein he’s paid out money to settle lawsuits about sexual harassment
So has Trump, he's done the exact same thing, numerous sex allegations, settled lawsuits.
So then why is @billclinton not a pervert again? He’s a rapey pervert

It is a crime to use a public office to confer a benefit to a foreign government in exchange for money.



Yes here he is!





Stay away from the kids pervert
Great job all. Billy, remember to Leave your cigars at home!
....will America survive???? I wonder!.
More brainwashing of young minds :(. Sad!
You should be looking forward to an interesting conversation with your criminal defense counsel.
Emails reveals  Bill Clinton met with  Vladimir Putin just before  Uranium One Deal  Lock him up too Sold out USA http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2017-10-20/emails-reveal-bill-clinton-sought-meetings-key-russian-nuclear-officials-just-uraniu … 
If you  need Help  then Welcome. They are Dangerous. Greeks  are  with the Chientology Church of America too. PAPADOPOULOS 1967. ANSWER.
How  many Death Persons  for the Democracy  in America. Spyridon Georgios Kanellopoulos and Jfk Kennedys, Aris Onassis, Mandela, Helmut Schm
I love  the Way from the Chientology Church of America, how they Want to Destroy the Earth  together With the Greek Mafia of Them 
In the Year 1998 The Clan Tsirigotis  was Together  With the Clan Malediven  and the Clan Milosevic  and Albany Mafia Against America.
Wow! See how much #the5 are appreciated. @GeorgeHWBush George Bush. #jimmycarter @BarackObama. Ps: the #CGIU2017 looked great.

I wish Hilary Clinton was are president right now trump is making so much mess of everything in our country .I am afraid for country
Hillary and bill are rapists haha. Traffic children and have non profit organizations that directly fill their pockets hahaha. Joke!!!
Shane, don’t quit your day job, you would never make it as a comedian
Can you just take over the Presidency?  We need you and the other 4 living presidents to save this nation
We need an honest run election with no interference from the DNC or the RNC. Let the people speak!
Thay did speak hear all the crying
Yeah, buyers remorse is harsh.

RAPIST

life are the sense of reasonly. You want to achieve anything then used them well.
SORRY?
Amen
Kennedy should not even be there
 What do these people think about
Anyway.  Bill Clinton and a kennedy. A lot of history to talk about there
.
Please help&vote, then share.It's about whether to fire or keep Orin Hatch in the Senate.                 https://twitter.com/llake1927lake/status/920079898416427008 … 
Truly hoped it worked.
Hey Bill how did you like it when Harvey Weinstein helped pay your legal bills during the Monica Lewinsky era? http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/10/16/harvey-weinstein-helped-pay-bill-clintons-legal-bills-during-monica-era-washington-post-archive-reveals.html … LOL

Hey Bill, call your wife back home..... in case you didn't know she's traveling around the world making an ass of herself.


Mom.....dad......Monica ?
Do something about that crazy ass wife of yours.  Omg.  Talk about destroying any semblance of a reputation you had left.
For Your America  My Mother and my Father Was killed in Greece. In the Year 1961.The Wall. 1995 in Big Friday. They were  my Parents. 



well isn't that SPECIAL, One rapist(Weinstein) helping pay the legal bills of another(Bill) on the Monica Lewinski case, you both are SICK!!
Chels, can I call u that? U should run 4 prez or vp w/Kasich. We’re all dying 4 integrity & bipartisanship. That can trump this mess! 

How much are you getting paid this time Bill?
@HarveyWeinstein
Mr President - volunteered for your campaigns back in the day - really miss your leadership these days

So WHICH Rockefeller are you a blood (but illegitimate) descendent of again? ALL of your criminal "foundations" should be shut down!
Rapist.
sir send me some bitcoin help me    1G4bk2MKWQYgBZnfWbWwMf5uYqe3fpKdgg
Give away the amount equal to the Harvey blood money you have on your books -- unless Weinstein in your kind of guy??
Mr. President!  Always good to see you sir.  And to show it, I even used caps in my tweet.
Peshmerga forces attacked by Iraqi forces/PMF in #Kirkuk using US equipment, incl Abrams tanks & Humvees gifted to Iraq for the war on Isis

Hey Hillary Clinton, your husband literally settled a sexual assault lawsuit, so how about shutting the F up?
Says the sex offender

Mr. president, PLEASE SPEAK OUT BRAVELY AGAINST THIS HORRIBLE PRESIDENT#.
Good,well why,don't you,look forward to helping me, a friend of the family;The OwnerofTheCommonwealth! Maybe I can catch you,at that event !
I was not aware,that the event happened yesterday,that would of been,a perfect time,for you to,print me out my id cards !They were stolen !
You suck!
Hey Bill, do you miss the Oral Office???
Rapist
So Bill, you are keeping Harvey Weinstein's FILTHY DIRTY money. Not surprising since #BirdsOfAFeatherFlockTogether. Say Hi to your big buddy
Oh yeah right, other Kennedy trying to climb aboard the gravy train for Clinton money & an attempt to be relevant again. #Won'tHappen #Over
Counting on you, Mr President, together with your wife whom I consider Madame President, your daughter, Rep. Joe Kennedy to help save us!
It would be my great pleasure if I'm invited!
The lupe's Armstrong Greg pearce
Yeah you can let them know how to have srx with Monica and spy on women children in phoenix,az at Hayden house rapin babies Greg and russell
Me. President
#NeverTrustUSA #Persiangulf
I hope it's about sexual assault.
Isn't that Kennedy a believer in the idea that vaccinations cause autism? Doesn't that make him ignorant?
Wish I could be there to see cgiue2017 come to fruition.
Happy Anniversary Hillary and Bill. #HilaryClinton #fareed #bill Clinton #Aquila
Do have fun, watching Hilary on Fareed, she so Presidential, I'm wishing she was Madam President today.
Keep wishing #never
You've done enough damage.
Since the media has ask you countless times I will .Will you give every last dollar back to Weinstein or his wife who left him.GIVE IT BACK
Maddy O'Brian I hear what you are saying. Wasn't a fan of either of the Bush presidencies but I don't think they are evil
I bet you are ole Billy Boy.  Over 1,000 college students to choose from.  I bet Weinstein and Weiner wish they could be there with you.....
Rogelio nieto García Imágenes de amor para celulares PocketLIVE Joined the Room Russia T-mobile
Hope they keep the interns away!  You and a Kennedy together might turn into an rape fest!!
GOD BLESS OUR TRUE PRESIDENT TRUMP!!!
ABD GELECEGE YÖNELİK 
HAZIRLIK YAPMALI
ÖNLERİNDEKİ BÜYÜK ABD ÇÖKÜŞÜ ADINA
That makes one of you. Zzzz.
The real sad thing is that we all voted Hillary in... she did win the popular vote !!!!
That shit is over move on
You must be a trumpeter
I don’t know what a trumpeter is? But I’m sure I’m not that...
Hello Chelsea my Name  is Bernadette I would love to be your friend on Twitter if you don’t mind I live in Derry I was there when your Mum Dad and your self came to Derry it was so amazing to meets yous you are a Beautiful Family and I was delighted to meet you all
You should speak about sexual assault some time.
Great, the 3 stooges and 1000 meme's, I'll pass on that stupidity.
Let's rebuild #USA from hurricanes and fires! Stronger. Faster. Hurricane and fire rated... Better. #madeinusa
EXPLAIN , IF YOU CAN, THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN YOU AND HARVEY WEINSTEIN,,,,,,,
Irrelevant. You and your wine party political 1% are just (R) light.Take from the workers to enrich the privileged. Why vote? 1% Win,Win,Win
Ok, you are a man and it is about women, you didn’t speak out, why? Weinstein is a contributor, do ? Be brave,  your silence speaks for you
I think we should let President Trump serve , it's early to say he has failed
yet they recognised policies in terms of defense, aerospace and development
I salute you H.E 41 ,  I also look forward.  GBU
Thank you and I love everything about Williams Jefferson Clinton!
https://www.xclussivegist.com/2017/06/14/revealed-need-know-male-menopause-ii/ …
I'm in West Berlin  back  since the 08.09.2001. Remember the Wall 1961-1989-2001.
We miss you, Bill. The Clintons will always be the First Family, to me.
You are  nice. But I have  a please. Be careful with the Chientology Church of America. 11.09.2001. They are for troubles. Dictators.
,------Your's--Ravi Pratap Upadhyay,'Cartik'.
A re-birth of ideas and Nation building.
Words of wisdom that will change American way of at looking at USA now and it's past glory.
,This time Trump exit to Unesco and other isolations harmful for US interet!(1)-Cartik
So “Harveyesque” of you. Notice you don’t tag the hag-steering clear of her these days? Oh slick Willy!


#democrats speak up now!!
Bet you are . College girls haha
@BillClinton miss the wisdom you bring to the nation and the charisma you have.
https://m.youtube.com/channel/UC-OOxxA8QobYlV2GwoPJnaw …
I guess the women better hide.
Or love to ask Bill why he had such a hard time answering these questions??  https://www.facebook.com/retainyourfreedom/videos/1127280197307013/ …
I would love to go and ask why bill and Hillary and Chelsea were taking bribes from other countries??
Good! We need Sane Voice's out their over Trumps insanity sir!
Sorry I missed it. Enjoy Chicago!
Mr President please do what it takes to return freedom and democracy back to this country
Bring lots of cigars.
How many of the female students do you plan to molest, like your BFF @HarveyWeinstein
Tell them how you aren’t just like your pal Harvey.
Remember when President Clinton said during his farewell speech that 'we were on track to be debt free by the end of the decade'...
Who cares what you or any of your deviant family says anymore
I think Joe Kennedy should take a run at the Whitehouse!
I'm with you!! Please America is going to need help after this Nightmare is Over.
Donnie was once a friend of yours, can't you talk some sense into him? Please! We're losing our Country to a maniac. #PleaseMrPresidentHelp
Please include plans on how to accelerate the impeachment of El Dump - thank you.
what did you ever do about Juanita Broderick , Bill ?
I love you America. Be only Careful of the Chientology Church of America. They are all the Dictators together. I am Greece Personal me.
Remember  Germany  1961.The Wall. Greece 1967. Cyprus 1974. America 2001. Greece 1917-2017. Kanellopoulos Spyridon Georgios. Akis. 
We miss you.


He's policy's deprived more black peoples they freedom than any president , glad your wife did not get elected, evil hypocrite, cheers
Hi Bill ... Hope you are well ... looks like Hill is not taking your advice .... She needs a long vacation.

#42 Frm. Pres. Bill Clinton,  @MLB #NLCS Game 1 @Cubs Chicago vs @Dodgers Los Angeles,  I HOPE you have a chance to watching through SERIES☻
Please come back.
Fake foundation stole million from the Haitian people, millions
I bet you want 1000 students because half will be female pervert
It's always interesting when you're around co-eds.
Greatest president of modern time!
Bill Clinton is a brilliant mind and was an amazing president and a class act. I was a PROUD American then!
Dearest President Clinton,

Please help our struggling nation and save us from Donald Trump before he ruins us for good. 

Thank You
Pres. Clinton. I have (and am) a huge supporter. Askng you to consider a national town hall on sexual relations.Your chance to lead honestly
