
Of course we all stand against “terror” but you stand against it only in your part of the world or when against you
Hello Micky it’s Christian from MONTREUX je suis en direct maintenant tes tweets
On viendra vous voir au plus tard en janvier.
Tu as des nouvelles de Michel Failletaz?
Êtes vous en suisse pour la fin d’année ?
Je dois appeler MICHEL cette semaine je te tiendrai au courant
Salut,
Je ne sais pas encore. Et vous quel est votre programme ?
Réveillon au MONTREUX Palace comme chaque année
Bonnie Bonnard. Vous seres en Suisse qq. jours?
YOU AND YOUR OLD LADY HAVE NEVET STOOD AGAINST TERRORISM YOUR OLD LADY HAS ENCOURAGE TERRORISM
1 YEAR !!!!!!!!    ENJOYS BABY REDS !!!!!!!!!    CELEBRATE  !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
In trump We Trust.  MAGA
Is that the best response you could muster? Thanks for continuing to shine dim light on Trump and his supporters
i Luv Reds Crying !!!!!  8 Years Baby !!!!!
In prison. And that's just a start
OHHHHH poor crying baby...... want some candy?
No ones crying. Just looking forward to seeing Trump in an Orange jumpsuit
Costco shoppers we have a sale on bathroom tissue on aisle 9, and a book signing at the back by the restrooms.
Again this is all you have? Hillary  really sad. You have nothing else. Stop watching Faux News because they can't stop talking about her
That is exactly what you do, hypocrite!!
I think this attack is English terisom
What you think about single MOM !
We all sorry for victims and agains't all kind of terrorism ya tick Sam don't love terrorism tick
And thank you for the much needed words today after yet another tragedy.

Amen. Now come home and bring @BarackObama, @HillaryClinton, and @MichelleObama with you! It's going to take all 4 of you to fix this mess!
Blah
#Bot
No #Bot here all real flesh!
Oh, my mistake. #RussianTroll
Nope wrong again, North of the Future #Wall. #Patriot living and supporting the good fight!
You misspelled #RussianTroll


Before I make any comment I would like to know the identity of the criminal!
Trumpf!!!!
Now, I’ll comment it appears once again a #Muslim who we once questioned actually did what we suspected and committed an act of #Terror!
... and that act of #Terror was in #NYC a #SanctuaryCity
You thanked the New York Product Designers. LOL
You can’t stop fear ignoring immigration laws.
We praying for people
The Clinton's and the Bush'es need to keep their thoughts to themselves and keep their mouths shut!!!!!
Good
It depends on what the meaning of the word “is” is.
What do u mean u stand against terror?! How about 50+ dead bodies w/connections to Clintons?!  How about what really happened to Set Rich?!
Yes, BRAVE TO NYPD... 

Why do past leaders fight against current ones?
Have you made a sincere statement in the last 40 yrs? I have never heard anything from you that sounded authentic.
An attempt? I think that fool was successful! Ppl who live behind gates....don't get it.
Why are you talking? 

Go to jail already, crook!
Trump wins presidency, defeats Clinton in historic election upset |

MAGA !!!!!   8 Years !!!!!
Absolutely not negotiable as we know that the war against terror is for the world.
FU
This is what Liberals want us to do...accept terrorism / normalize death/murder as a thing that just happens.
Opinion | Americans must prepare for a future where terror is routine http://nbcnews.to/2z8SOZs  via @NBCNewsTHINK 
Well, it's not like keeping the petro-dollar, doesn't come with strings attached. Ka-boom inshallah!
Where is the foundation money after the expense of your daughters wedding everyone in Australia want to know

I am sure your heart breaks for them,  Muslims is your thing.
How many people have to become "victims" before you all recognize the failures in the immigration policies under the Democratic Party???
You rape women Bill Clinton shame on you!
Absolutely

I liked this, you are a man who sees a long distance, in this life, I have passed the commandment.

Are you going to man up and go down with your wife on Treason and money laundering and protect Chelsea on a plea deal or E1 for themselves?
How much more CORRUPT can you and that evil wife of yours possible get?  Do you have even a crumb of guilt?!?
Wrong people, Bill. http://www1.nyc.gov/site/nypd/index.page … and @NYPDnews
Thanks for the wise words, Bill.
I'm requesting an exclusive with you Mr President my friend I'm sadly missing your wisdom please Shawn Thomas minnier
YOU SHOULD HAVE STOPPED HILLARY WHILE YOU HAD CHANCE.     NOW YOUR WHOLE FAMILY  IS DOG MEAT.   FROM A DEVOTED DEPLORABLE.
MAGA....
President Bill Clinton  The 1st President that I ever voted for! Love  The CLINTON'S  still America's First Family 
If that were even remotely true Dems would allow surveillance again in NY
EMPTY WORDS.
Spare us your hypocrisy, Bill. by the way:
Your wife and her former boss allowed this to continue because they were afraid to say : #RadicalIslamicTerrorism
@billClinton I met you at the meskwaki casino
So miss you and Obama. What could have been, if Hillary was the President.
See @realDonaldTrump ?
This is how a classy, legitimate President reassures us.
WOW. Elizabeth Warren just told @jaketapper that she believes that the DNC/Primary situation was rigged for Hillary Clinton.
Every tragedy is very bad for every one. It means for the country, state and the victims. USA should do something for the mental health.
Now THIS is a presidential tweet!
Thank you for being Presidential.  We need one.
WOW the walls are caving in Bill Boy, what are you going to do????
13 potential criminal charges in the "Uranium 1 Scandal" LOL Per Greg Jared
6 anti corruption all felonys, racketeering for using the found
Does this place look familiar to you?
Stop calling Donna Brazille's attack an act of terrorism. It was her duty and responsibility to report the truth of Hillary's fraud.
Yes Billy Boy, you are beautiful,  but YOU forget the usual lines "My prayers are with the 8 dead people" or let's go shopping. 
Just Stop !
Bull
Love you mr pres. So sorry Hillary isnt pres. She really won. Trump sucks
Thank you for words that make sense. Thank you for not disparaging someone every time you speak, like some presidents.
$ 2000 for free
$ 10 per click
No Sadiq website fraud

https://gainurl.com/giqbJr 
As Chinese we like your family . You make us can be no.1. Wish you and your wife can take over US. Make China Great Again .




Thank you Mr. President .

In tutto il mondo c'è questo pericolo , in particolare qui a ROMA , la risposta deve essere CULTURALE.Dobbiamo entrare dentro le loro menti
D New York attack is a response to d American Foreign Policy. Both d attacker nd d cause of d attack is a product of d American System.
Very true iam with you
You're goin' down buddy! You and your little wife too. Is there a cell big enough to fit the Trumps and Clintons together? Party!
mr Clinton I Thank You Very Much From Ethiopia
So very true and so awesome. Thank you.
@realDonaldTrump. Donny this is how a REAL leader responds to a national disaster.
Thank you 4 speaking up President Clinton! The moron @realDonaldTrump is no leader! Condolences to the families of those killed/hurt in NYC!
Another sad day in America. Thanks to you and former Presidents that have joined together to help Americans.
You stand against terror by endorsing Schumer's crap and #SanctuaryCities? You really need to get a clue, Bubba.
A President that can speak coherently; how novel this is.

Thank you. This is what “Presidential” sounds like. Miss you!
We Will NEVER BE DESTROYED. Thank You Mr POTUS, NYPD and all First Responders
Gonna send ALL of the unvetted immigrants to hiLIARy & tour house.. big sign with directions. Feed, bathe, clothe Give tonall.. you dior!
Love you
How much you getting
This is what a President tweets
Thank you Mr. President. Wish you and Hillary were still in charhe
When are you going to denounce Terrorism???   Give back the money to the communists
Thanks for your open borders, politically correct bs!!
You made America great Mr president let’s make America united now... we miss you
Mr. Clinton...wish you could run again in 2020!
Me too.

Why don't you and the misses sail quietly into the night.  We have had enough of the Clinton's in society.
All the X POTUSES (?) POTI (?) Picking up the empathy slack. Thank you we miss your human nature & reassurance in times of mass grief.
Thank you for your continued leadership when it means the most!
thanks mr. president.  you are missed as leader
See this Islamic attack....be specific
AN ISLAMIC ATTACK !!!!
Holy crap! This is amazing I actually agree. Get my thermometer
We feel same sorrow in Pakistan
Love you, brother!
Your wife wanted a %500!!increase in immigration from Arab countries..anything?
So it's not a terrorist attack?
All the politicians are surrounded by security. The common man is not
This is what a real President says.  Not DTrump who insist on scaring people to deflect his screw ups
Can you please reach out to Trump and teach him how to unite instead of dividing us in times of tragedy?
Thank you Mr. President.
Is this what Hillary and Obama mean by saying it is our values to accept such people into the USA ?
And divert attention from Trump and Russia 
Thank you President Clinton 
Another coward,mowing down innocent people. What kind of God would want a believer to take another's life?

No bills for an out right truck ban. Disappointed
#haiti #145million
Nice to hear from a REAL President.
Love you Mr. President!
Perhaps you should’ve taken out UBL in Kandahar when U should’ve instead of using an underaged intern’s tonsils as a speed-bag.
When are you going to apologies to all the women you have sexually assaulted?
How about connecting the dots and revealing that radical Islam has declared war on western civilization? Trump calls an Ace an Ace.
Is this a joke? Thats what terrorism is.
God bless New York!
Ask Europe. Acting as if nothing happened is really teaching them a lesson. They are thinking twice now.
Till the next, and the next...islam is a death cult, always was, always will...perfect tool for chaos and dictatorship though...
Well said that man! A dignified and measured response unlike the incoherent ramblings of the current dumpling in charge!
@richeisen just retweeted a serial rapist. Wow.
Fuck terror!
#readytonine @ToonsterMusic @NucleicGames
Thanks, Donald. Oof dah
YES I HAVE FEAR OF JIHADIS. I HAVE FEAR OF ISLAM! DO SOMETHING!!!!!
That's attack proof that new York sleeping on terror attacks
Get rid of these Muslim terrorist. Deport.
You ain't foolin' nobody Slick.
I miss your leadership Bill. Life was good and prosperous for so many of us when you were President!
Please you take care only about your self.stup up mr...clinton
