Like to see what a mob bookkeeper/drug addict/gunslinger looks like?  Somebody arrested in Florida back in 1989 for Grand Theft 2nd degree?
Ladies and Gentlemen ... Ms. Theresa Strosser.  (1962 -2017).
You have to get to the end of the video where she says, 'It's just like in a movie, ah,' to realize this was only some money making con.
I saw the letter you sent Milch.  Milch who sent the mob bookkeeper/drug addict/gun slinger my way.  Milch who recommended I watch Mafioso.
My last fifteen years in #SquirrelHill is the Greatest Story Never Told.  I but know what happened.
Greetings from The Coffee Tree.  Stop by some time when I'm there.  Of course that would take guts ...


"Mr. President ... was 9/11 an inside job?"  "How dare yuuu ... "  Flight Attendant sheds new light on 9/11.
tell me: do you trolls operate inside the Internet Research Agency, or can you work from home?
Thanks for your tweet mister Clinton
Thank you so much for remaining a leader for our country. Really miss you and Obama in the Whitehouse
Heard your wife is going to prison over Benghazi.   Will you be able to make your own dinner.
Anyone who disrespects our previous leaders is ignorant to their accomplishments while in office. Trump, the most hated President in history

"I STAND in Solidarity with the United States in the Global War on Terrorism."
Boa noite
Rapist
What a classy reply. You were a real comfort to survivors and their families reading President Clinton's words on that anniversary.
Says the man who refused to take out bin Laden and prevented all of this
What a classy reply. You were a real comfort to survivors and their families reading President Clinton's words on that anniversary.
Thank you, Mr. President. Oh, for the days when we had someone in the WH who knew what their job was. Be well, Sir.
9-11 might not have happened if you took out #OBL when you had the chance.
911 wouldn't have happen if bin Laden and the taliban didn't commit this monstrous act. Don't blame Clinton because of their evilness
This didn't happen in your term that was last peace America has had thanks to you PRES BILL CLINTON you were best president of all time!
Are you kidding Brenda. Bill failed and led to 911.
Oh please? He bombed terrorist training camps no terrorist til Bush became pres then HELL broke loose.he had us financially fit LOVE Clinton
Sometimes I often wonder if you were born with a conscience! Do you not take any responsibility for all those innocent lives lost on 911?
Thankyou sir
It was CIA behind 9/11
Osama is being with u
He is ur excess card to any oil rich country
Dnt try to make us fool we r well aware of that
Why is it...bad things happen to americans when republicans are in office. I miss you Mr. President.
Like those your wife was responsible in killing. Benghazi
Hey Clinton YOU are the reason why we elected Trump
What's up Mr. President
UNITED STATES PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP AND VICE PRESIDENT MIKE PENCE ARE VISITING THE FLORIDA, TODAY.
You see the photos of you and Chelsea I posted for that time? - your face was a comfort to everyone - hope you're well - love to the family
You had 9 chances to get Osama Bin Laden prior to 9/11 according to The Road to 9/11 documentary. Why didn't you get him?  3000 people died!
Thanks...
Yeah thanks for setting up that  attack while you were president.. Go away....
Thank you, Mr President.
Thank you!
yes.
AND You r United in forgetting #Benghazi.Sad.
#September11 #NeverForget911
I remember 4 others who died, but your wife @HillaryClinton just remembers them hurting her politically. #Benghazi

James Comey and sexism are the biggest reason I lost the election- Hillary Clinton https://susanorji.blog/2017/09/13/james-comey-and-sexism-are-the-biggest-reason-i-lost-the-election-hillary-clinton/ … via @wordpressdotcom
My condolences Sir, Really miss you in Office. #SouthernCameroonians suffer rape, torture, forceful abductions from #PaulBiya & his Military

Europe steps up response to Hurricane Irma https://susanorji.blog/2017/09/13/europe-steps-up-response-to-hurricane-irma/ … via @wordpressdotcom
Good morning  mr president
It was failures during your administration that led to 911 and economic downturn.  Don't lie. You and Hillary are Looney losers.  Fad away
Some convicted Felon's n a IRS Examiner named Michael Booty are u freaking serious n the neighborhood looted my house I was lefted with $O
Carolyn Mayes n her son Raymond Mayes a ATF Officer helped the FWPD set my house on fire plus they flipped every house that I owned with
What's funny I worked for the IRS n 2001 n Processing on the 9th Floor at The Earle Campbell Bldg on Commerce . N 01/09/09 my Branch Chief
@ParentalRights. How about the families who bill clinton destroyed. By adoptions

Thank god Sandy Berger misplaced (cut them up w scissors) all of the docs he stole from National Archives showing Clinton whiffed on OBL  
@ValentinaChvez6.vi una llamarada en el cielo después la Uds. A Perú c/ lagrimas
I figure here in next 5 years everyone will have to learn N. KOREAN AND RUSSIAN AND GET USED TO DAILY BEINGfREE AS weARE n THE PENITENTIARY
AND DAMN I'M WWWAAAAYYYYY OOOOFFFF #42
Did they positively identify that flag the 3 fireman put up that eve some idiot stole that night? A guy walked up supposibly gave tofireman
Ya Bill or Mr. 47th (?uh oh a lil history brain collapse here help me out Bill Clinton who I defend ALL THE TIME bc of all these idiots.dem1
Thank you President Clinton.
Myanmar genocide ..by Aung san suu kyi.
Thanks a lot for Long Beach...
Thanks for not killing Ben Laden when you had the chance, and thanks for letting th Rothschilds buy the United States
Hello
So why in 1999 did you grant clemency to 16 Convicted Domestic Terrorist's who murdered US Citizens? No concern for Victims or Families

sure good job sir
Happy Belated Birthday Bill. August 19th I believe, get a Million from Qatar like last year ? 
$500k speeches kinda dried up too ? And the Mrs. , wrote a book.  Prison Soon 
you need new material,  how about a book. "Bill, how I ended up in Prison and the Bitch that caused it all".
saving the book title " from President to Prisoner" for Barry 
You people set this up & worked w terrorists to take our freedoms & steal billions. Were waiting for charges. Follow the money.
Your not in jail yet Bill get ready
You could've killed Bin Laden & you didn't Why?
Your a Great man , but most can't stand Hillary
thanks.
Cómo siempre trabajando unidos por este hermoso país!
How about Benghazi your wife lied to the faces of the families of the Americans she was trusted to protect and they were slaughtered
if you saying bravely right what things compelling you about Burma Muslim
We never forget  those who died in Iraq , Afghanistan , Syria and Palestine.
Thank you President Clinton.
God bless you
Never on earth can anyone forget the terrorist attack of Sept 11. Nelsprings Foundation pray for the families and loved ones of the victims.
Don't forget NJ
Bill totally forgetting what his wife did!
Gop's fault for not giving them more security
We are with you too with prayer for the departed souls
Anyone believing in 9/11 conspiracies is a total nutjob !!!,!

oui bien dit
Thank you bro
About the only thing we are united on.
God bless you all. Bill I liked you as our president. Despite all your indiscretions you were a good president thank you. 
How u gon Party without that Record???
great
We remember how the American people were hoodwinked by our own government
البقاء لله .دأمين
How do your promised to following the third world war. I has announchement the third world war by bombing WTC and FBI building
A real president
We will always remember. Praying for the families & America
It's true
Can't you be our president now?! <pout, pout> smart and charismatic, caring. I'd take back any former living prez right now... even a Bush 
Ha le vrai democrate
Yep, where even such a devastation didn't stop Hillary from her usual lies & deceit, claiming she was there on the very day of 9/11/01, NOT
O.K.
My respects to all families
Thankyou Mr president.

Today we remember and vow to #NeverForget but it seem we have forgot.
We forgot how we are a United country, indivisible
Its what makes US
I am still waiting ok
Hope Hillary cheer up and start a new career.http://tothefoundation.blogspot.com/2017/09/why-i-wrote-this-blog.html?m=1 …
It's ashame our first responders had to fight for what should have been an automatic response from our government. Pay for medical care!
We all remember the brace men & women. We also remember your role and Hillary's role. 
#Benghazi #September11
you served welli'ish -sans awful indiscretions-your life & wife after were obismal- greed +lies
You many "deaths" are on your "Clinton" watch? Hope it's not mine now
You are also guilty of disproportionate use of force using this incident.
I know many women who began to differ
I and my family's will always remember the people who lost their family, love one's, Amen
Tell us the truth
You can't handle the truth!
You are the best still remembering how to be a real president
WELL SAID! to those of us  who lost loved one's at the WTC,UNITED WE STAND! We will never forget 9/11. 🕇
Dados
Hey billy--- who's blowing you now?? Humma??
Really? Was that before or after your evil partner in crime OBAMA ,FIXED DACA TO GET HIS MUSLIMS IN AND THE REST OF HATE GROUPS????
.@BillClinton: America will #NeverForget you sitting there reading a book to kids while Iraq attacked us! #September11 #MAGA! #GOP!
Some may put him down but he could think on his feet ...times were great too. Like to hear this coming from him. 
Amen
America remembers #September11th2001
RT. You can purchase at http://www.tashrenee.net 
Thank you President Clinton.
I am a l #graphci_designer #logo_designer.
Remembering you chose not to take out #OsamabinLaden when you had the chance.

Bless them all.
Not our despicable, embarrassing #NarcissistInChief ...apparently today is ALL about HIM. #TrumpFILTH #Illegitimate  #StillWithHER
Must be United for the families of those who are getting killed in Burma. They are also losing their families. Not getting attention at all.
You realize that @realDonaldTrump thinks you're thanking him personally. He claims he was in the rubble "helping" with first responders
We love you Bill and thank you for this beautiful message.  Now, the U.S. needs you,  can you please come help us?
Bill would gladly like to put his cigar in your pussy...just ask @MonicaLewinsky
At least he would ask first
That's not what the others are saying...
Juanita Broaddrick, Kathleen Willey, Kathy Shelton, Paula Jones...just to name a few
Great hoes think alike. What came about with those allegations? Oh yeah nothing.  Good try
I do remember that Clinton had a chance to get Bin Laden!!
God forbid you touch one penny of money for victims like you and your crooked wife did in Haiti!!
I visited the crash site in Pa. Wonderful National Park ranger gave a heart rendering talk and tour of the site. Won't forget.
Those that remember see your crocodile tears.
Will you and your wife please go away. We seriously do not care about anything you have to say. Time to go out to pasture.
PRISON
This was your fault. You know that in your heart
Hey Bill! Tell Hilary hi and thanks for tweeting about 9/11! It will always be rembered!
My heart goes out to all of the families that was affected by this terrible loss. RIP to the courageous people that lost their lives. #9/11
If only someone had given you an opportunity to take out Bin Laden years before he attacked us. Oh, wait....
#C4News 

Democrats are in bed with Islamofascists.

#JimmyCarter brought infant-rapist #Khomeini to power.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=60MC3bVFG6s …

#bbcdp
@UncleRUSH @JoyAnnReid @BetteMidler @HuffPostPol @CNN @diddy @NancyPelosi
@tylerperry @davidaxelrod @donnabrazile
So how much are you giving to the victims in Houston and Florida.    Florida voted for your wife.   She lost!!!!
We need a president now.
United we standed, 2001. We don't know what to stand up for, 2017! 
@rleedep  yes yes loves you President Clinton
Thanks for allowing them to train as pilots in florida...
Thank u President Clinton! Love that u and President Obama still lead this country in uniting our people!
Thank you sir
we also remember you had a chance to take OBL out and did not.......
Thx Mr. President
Let's not forget the men who's life where taken in Benghazi that is also a 9/11  
We will never forget.
Thank you Mr. President!
hang in cuz!  Rigsby
If you woulda had balls to do something about the USS Cole or the embassy bombings stead of diddling Lewinksi 9/11 never would have happened
