Individuals can be racist or fool.But, being fool and racist at the same time is very dangerous and damaging. -#DACA
Direct your hate at Congress. Trump gave them the power to save DACA forever.
While in office .not before or after.
Thank you. You continue to teach us...
Nothing Slick Willy has to teach would interest anyone but a Liberal & we already know that tired old refrain.
@TaraSlone women who re tweet Bill Clinton most also love OJ & support Bill Cosby! FML. So annoying. So annoying.
You're starting to repeat yourself like the clown who is currently in the oval.
You Clinton Criminals need to stop talking. Your time is  past & we don't want to revisit that past. You & your family are causing a divide
No

How much money u.s. currency is sent to Mexico every week they don't pay taxes and you know it
60% of them get paid in cash they stand on street corners for work they steal Americans jobs the law is the law say bye bye to them
Yeah! More real that they are taking everything we worked so hard for and smirking with free college, healthcare, food and housing.
Is this you, sir?
American dream are most in hand of American youngest population so make dream to reality Americans for American and the World to be a better place to be in grace for Love of Freedom for all in this planet call earth your only World so good luck Sam Love this World in freedom love
It's so sad. He's not a real leader. Just opposes Obama.

Yea, well Trump is a racist,  in my liberal voice
Yeah, that's why he's been praised for helping the Minority Community #WhitePrivilege
You forgot these

https://youtu.be/7YMJI0A0978 
Nah, we were discussing Trump, not the #ClintonCrimeFamily and their history of racism and corruption
Can some @realDonaldTrump voter and DACA beneficiary explain why is a good idea to cancel it???
Crickets.
I've asked this same question and the only response I ever get is "They are illegal, they don't deserve to be here" or something similar.
If these "Dreamers" want to stay in the US they need to apply for citizenship and do it like every LEGAL immigrant in the US
They aren't eligible to apply for citizenship, and that is a large part of the problem.  The other part is people like you.
This is the problem. This is AMERICA NOT MEXICO. 

And FYI my husband is a MEXICAN AMERIAN and agrees 100%
Has nothing to do with nationalities, is matter of human decency, but well is just my opinion.
Translation: "shit there goes our votes"
If DACA is for kids why are the majority of DACA applicants in their 20s and 30s? Stop lying #RapinBill
If #DACA is a program for "kids" then why are the majority of DACA applicants mostly in their 20s and 30s? http://www.fairus.org/issue/sixty-four-percent-of-daca-applicants-past-high-school-age … 

Right. And I never talked to Russians...I swear. Under oath. 


Does this mean I can start breaking laws! Anarchy is the way of the future.  Look at Chicago working perfectly there.
YOU SIR ARE AN EXAMPLE OF WHAT HONOR AND RESPECT THE PEOPLE OF OUR COUNTRY NEED RIGHT NOW....!
What kind of dreams you suppose those kids had you visited on the island?

Thank u for speaking out. I long for the days when you were the President.
No offense cuz I luv ya Bill..but shouldn't they also share the tax burden and have to pay their way thru college like us "privileged" ??
they do, cuz
we need you!! And Mrs Clinton you too are The real potus..
"I was a young dreamer once, but you made me suck your dick." - Monica
Weak statement Bill. President Trump can't crush a dream of an immigrant who works through the legal process to become an American!
Did you finish high school? Sad
Trump is a calamity for America.
Illegals are a calamity for America.
It's great to hear from another real President @billclinton ..Thank you! I miss @billclinton & @BarackObama @realDonaldTrump @POTUS #Resist
Yeah nothing better than hearing from a rapist ex-president thanks Bill
Oh, @spitdabit I guess u love hearing this pathological liar @realDonaldTrump who admitted on tape sexual assulter/rapist who is a failure.
What?...you need to clarify
Remember when we had a surplus and a POTUS who spoke in full sentences? Miss me some Billy Clinton.
Do U also miss the scandals, the times he molested the young interns, being impeached for lying, the countless accusations of rape? #libtard
You mean the same allegations against trump.  Hahaha. The hypocrisy!!!!
Except there's probably not a blue dress hiding in a closet to back your claims.
You mean K Starr's claims?
Argh!! U do realize K Starr was just the investigator, right??  He was assigned to investigate the multiple accusations against #slickwilly.
We've been talking about reform since before you took office. Everyone has kicked the can. Your post is nothing but more politics.
Thank you President Clinton.  Thank you for speaking up and staying on the side of right.  Bless you sir!!!!
This is real!  
Each year approx 65,000 undocumented students graduate from high school. Free education for #IllegalImmigrants. I pay taxes for them#DACA 
Not to mention most get special aid and take resources from kids that need them
Then let them come in LEGALLY - no problem....there's always been a way...no skirting around the law.  Let them come LEGALLY :)
Newsflash. They're already here. And you want to send them back to a place they don't even remember. Alone. That's a problem. #heartless
Yes.  They CAN come back, LEGALLY!!
You really think it's that easy? What if your 18 year old was shipped off to a country all alone, where they didn't speak the language?
Yes. What's hard to understand??
So they should get pulled from their lives, lose their jobs, and go through a process that takes years? You are heartless.
They can thank their parents for that
So because you got lucky and were born here you think you are better than someone whose parents came here to give them a better life?...
Thank you for speaking up for what's right, President Clinton!
At this point in time, I don't know why they'd even want to stay, your beloved country is turning into the American Nightmare.
Great... the door is there
There are countries outside of yours, I live in one of them. We used to respect America, wish we could again, but at the moment, it's a joke
Don't speak for me. BHO created this mess. And not to worry, POTUS put it in the hands of congress where it belongs. Make it legal.
@BillClinton We the people would like your corrupt wife behind bars, you charged for rape, and @ChelseaClinton twitter account deleted
Wow yet you like Obama & George W Bush did nothing and now its @realDonaldTrump's fault Just #FOAD let @POTUS clean up 30 years of Crap!
MONEY PAID OFF ALL HIS CRAP. YET THEY ATTACK OUR PRESIDENT.BOTH IT N KILLERY SHOULD HAVE BEEN THRU WHAT THEIR TRYING TO START STILL.
How about these people? http://www.ojjpac.org/memorial.asp 
If ppl cant trust the president of the US who can you trust?
Well said Mr. President. Thank you. 
#DREAMers are Americans. 
   #DACA
Hey Bill, I have to ask you. How many of these young people are you housing ??
See the thing about DACA, it allows those young people to support and provide for themselves.
Sure it does. How about the American kids dreams ?
No one is stopping their dreams.
That's the difference between a liberal and an American.. Get a life..
....says the man trolling an ex-president's twitter account
That president planted the bombs our country is dealing with today. You had to be alive and American to know that..
What about the dreams of our Veterans? Let's take care of those who protect us vs. those who came illegally
Why can't we do both?

Can we not accept views evolve and what said at one time in the past may not be how a person feels in the present? America allows for change
You do know DACA is illegal right, just like the people that are hiding behind it?
Billy, don't u have to be an American to have the American Dream?
 Imagine there's no countries...
John Lennon
They also are productive members of our country. Why would we deport young, educated, loyal people in our country? Why?
Mr. Prez.  All of our families came here with dreams. We are all immigrants.  We are all dreamers. We don't own dreaming. No one does.
Did you come in legally?
Yes. Did you?
Yup. Proud American since 2010
Some were too young to remember your actions with immigration but I'm not !
I miss you Bubba!
Thanks you Bill!
This is setting politics aside Sir. This is fairness in the same plain field. We do not protest carrying Mexican flags and burn America flag
Thank you Mr. President
Law and order sets the stage for legal immigration Bubba. That should take precedence over the new stock of voters Dems need to hold office.

These kids and adults ARE Americans! Let's protect them!
Good man mr Bill Clinton
Please go haveva cigar and go away!
Because it's not a law, and it doesn't give these kids a path to citizenship, they live in limbo.
Amen to that!
Kate Steinle had dreams too. They died along with her because of an illegal immigrant. HER. LIFE. MATTERED.

Totally, if we held DACA standards to all citizens would be a major problem.

Spoken like a TRUE PRESIDENT
Say it Mr. President! Not like Illegal Elect BUM!
What have you got on jeff sessions?
If they have lived here most of their lives, schooled etc. Why can't we make them legal. Maybe married. Isn't this American way.
Yes Sir!
RAPIST! 
We can't ask #POTUS to give anything that is not in his heart. We're screwed up with this guy until impeachment.
You failed to make them legal. Shut up. Congress fighting each other rather than passing laws.

So how is it swinging these days Bubba? Any new fresh Interns lately ??
You said a mouthful thank you
He knows how to be a leader
As POTUS promised not to tax IRA for purchase of first house, MY DREAM.... YOU LIED or didn't follow through.. I still have letter
Get in the fight, sir! Lobby! Scream! Talk about the President like only a President can! America needs you! Please!
LMFAO......
Glad you put dreamers ahead of American interests.  No surprise.

I can't even read your post knowing how many young people you violated. #rapist

Trump is enforcing immigration law & forcing Congress to reform if so chosen. That's the duty of Exec branch. You have a problem w/ that?
Anything to attempt to erase Obama's legacy.
That's exactly what we've elected Trump to accomplish! He's doing a fantastic job of it! #MAGA #AmericaFirst #AmericanDreamersFirst #EndDACA
Pandering for the vote
You defend the DACA Dreamers............but what about AMERICAN DREAMERS ?
You did nothing about it so you have no right to make that statement. Even Obama said it was temporary.

And we wonder why this world is shit.  It's people like you
Thank you, Mr. President!
Hey Bill, you mean like this?
Keep it in your pants today Bill. Remember one day at a time.
Yup
Absolutely !
No they don't. Dreamers are a drag on working middle class taxpayers because resources are being spent on illegals rather than US children
A year will accomplish. We never are satisfied if everything is perfect, how boring. Lots I want always will,  likely will die wanting..lol
This coming from the POS Pres who called SWAT on 6 yr old Elian Gonzalez & sent him back to his commie Daddy! Yeah you're so virtuous!
Obama should have made the Dreamers a priority He placed them right in the lions mouth. Now he cares ? Bull crap
Says the man who made 26 trips to Pedophile Island.
Oh STHU already! Does  Elián González ring a bell?
For you bill
You mean illegal aliens right?
Illegal is illegal period @TaraSlone
Didn't you send some terrified kid back to Cuba at gun point?
Were any of your hookers illegal
Bendiciones
Bill your as two faced as Hillary. Your saying Americans ppl are not smart enough to do the jobs you have to sneak in immigrants
SO TAKE SOME FOUNDATION MONEY AND PAY THEIR WEDDINGS AND BUY THEM CARS LIKE THE KID GOT! HELP THEM LIVE THE DREAM.
Still trying to convince people that you care about anything but yourself, hard to do isn't it Slick.
Well said .... thank you! 
What's this fixation with you and young children?
Lolita island calling your name again?
You know I actually like you.  How you live with that woman remains a mystery!  God bless you !
Bill thank you for sticking up for an illegal executive order by obama. Obama knew he would me never be around for the consequences. Coward
The intimidation of Trump administration is fascist in tone
Did you tell little Elio Gonzales that when you were president?
db
Who cares what you think.
You sold weapons to our enemies.
Go hide in the woods with your crooked wife you washed up good for nothing.
2,139 DACA Recipients Convicted or Accused of Crimes Against Americans  http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2017/09/05/2139-daca-recipients-convicted-or-accused-of-crimes-against-americans/ …  …
There have been no logical articulate arguments supporting @potus action rescinding DACA. Our former presidents show what real leadership is
Do you not have any regard for the constitution?!!!
It's not unconstitutional. Article 2, section 3.
You sounded a like @realDonaldTrump on immigration! That's why you were popular then, still objective!
Thank you for speaking about this President Clinton 
Yea,go ahead and reward lawbreakers.
Thank you Mr. President for your continued support of our country and what it stands for. #DefendDACA #DefendDREAMers #Daca
They would be great for their own country. So let's send them back.
KKK grand wizard Trump winning
