Happy 93rd Birthday to Jimmy Carter, our 39th President! #39turns93

Aug. 1992, WJC & Jimmy Carter work on a house with Habitat…

Says the guy that gets his facts from Infowars, that's rich! #Pizzagate
How long until the remaining, living Presidents get together and say "enough is enough" to #45?  Trump doesn't deserve to fall into the same history books as you guys!
We shouldn’t forget either, we should learn. But let’s just give him a blank page.
Let's give him a "Billy beer"

http://ThePayz.com/?refer=36928 
That Jimmy Carter is a Giant of A Man!  He and Roselyn are beyond Fabulous!
GIANT of a man, LOUSY President. Time dosent make them be great......
Remember gas lines,poor Military, Hostages. Men we lost trying to save
You mean hostages who suffered because Reagan blocked Carter, so their release would be on his Inaugural, so he could take credit?
Oh......
Don't believe everything you hear. Jimmy was a good man. The job was above him. Its ok, he won't go down in history as our worst
Believe it or not there have been worse Democratic Presidents than him.
Quoi? Well, I'd go w/ Whig John Tyler as crappy President: they kicked him out & he later was part of traitorous Confederate 'government'.

Happy birthday Mr. Carter.  We still love you.
We celebrated in Marin County. Time for Carter to shine! That's my mission, from the daughter of a federal criminal under Reagan!
We need you, Mr. Clinton. We need all former POTUS.
Thread: @BarackObama, @TheBushCenter, @BillClinton, @GeorgeHWBush, @CarterCenter - Gentlemen, we are in dire need in the country RIGHT NOW

If You See MyMother_I Am Going to Rest MyHead Hurts We Have Come To Far Say Hello To All The Poor & Suffering
Carter a saint compared to the other corrupt ones.
New world new concept  black verses white
Jimmah, finished your second term yet?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY Mr President! And many more.  Thank you for the professionalism and direction as our leader during your service. 
Bill,
You and your lovely wife should be in JAIL!!
YOU for RAPE. And HER for OBSTRUCTION of justice. You can share a cell
Probably would be the first time in years you will share a bedroom.!!!
I bet you’re thinking about a Big Mac in that picture. 
LOL. I remember when Bill used to go on jogs in DC and end up at McDonald's!
Those were his prime McDonalds days. Lmao
They were. LOL. I had forgotten about it until your tweet. Made me laugh!
My brother was an intern at the WH. He used to joke about that all the time. #Bubba was his nickname?
Yes. The Southern nickname... Bubba.
Jimmy dumbo carter,,the worst president in my lifetime until obama came around..and don't flatter yourself jimmy..thats the value of dirt

Yep, a communist just like you
He is the president who destroyed Iran in 1979
happy birthday
Happy Birthday Mr President 
Happy birthday Mr president sir
Happy birthday to you
Happy birthday President Carter!!!
Oh my goodness. Happy birthday jimmy Carter!!
FYI talker- Stephen Paddock's Brother about to talk before his earpiece told him to shush? "Steve was an Arms..."
 https://twitter.com/IWillRedPillYou/status/915460305374892032/video/1 …
https://m.facebook.com/groups/425764684475548?view=permalink&id=475940522791297&ref=m_notif&notif_t=group_comment …
Yes!
Happy birthday Mr Carter!
I have always thought you were the best President America ever had.
You cared for the oppressed in this cruel world. You were the first to ask for Palestenians to have their homeland.
Mr Clinton is like u.
Yes God bless
Happy Birthday President Carter, to a gentleman, scholar and true humanitarian 
Happy bdsy
You didnt speak much and if you did open your mouth you said what Hillary demanded of you and the others business well we all know you took
Happy Birthday President Carter!!!
Tuyệt vời đó
Happy birthday President Carter!
happy brithday to you,
Many Happy Returns President Carter. X
Happy Birthday President Carter! You have become a true inspiration to all. Bless you in all you do.
Happy Birthday Jimmy @CarterLibrary
I get a happy surge when we address 44, 43, 42, 41 etc and including President Carter as “Mr. President.” They were elected. They served.
Happy Birthday Mr President Carter God's Blessing
Happy Birthday Mr President
It was a reaction to the crap they put in our bodies and radio waves that are causing brain cell malfunctions
God bless you, Mr President!
A true American hero. Jimmy Carter, without fanfare, worked hard building homes for Habitat for Humanity & recruited countless volunteers.
Interesting to speculate that if you and the Bushes hadn't been so phenomenally corrupt, would Trump be in office today?
@WJCLibrary Happy Birthday To a truly inspirational American
Happy Birthday president Carter
WHAT A BLESSING MR#39TURN93; AMAZINGLY AMAZING!!!
Carter was worst that Obama and as bad as Bill Clinton
@DonnaFEdwards @WJCLibrary Happy B'day #39turns93
The only President that was a true Christian. Happy birthday , President Carter.
Damn boy
Exactly is correct...
@WJCLibrary what an awesome moment captured. Thank you both for your service & sacrifice to this great nation #GodBlessAmerica
Mr President ah yes i remember when we had one
God bless you, Jimmy! What a great place America would be if more men & women volunteered their time helping others like you do even at 93.
Happy Birthday President Carter
Hongera sana bill clinton ibra kutoka tanzania
That's pretty cool! Well done President Carter! A real Humanitarian! P45 should learn, but won't. Stopped learning @ 5.
Happy Birthday Mr. President! God Bless you for all you do! May you have a happy, healthy and prosperous year ahead and many more birthdays!
Wow 42, you sure was handsome! 
We can be relaxed in Clinton library.
Adding my Happy Birthday to a wonderful man whose lives his life with grace and dignity! 
Happy bday, Pres. Carter 

93 years old

(and still more presidential than trump)
Happy birthday President Carter
@espy25 @WJCLibrary - per @StephenAtHome - can't separate the 'act' from the accomplishments...sometimes...such a drag.
My God. Jimmy hasn't aged much! He is a hero. I role model!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BRO CARTER
I love that about y'all! But seriously, wtf can we do about aid to Puerto Rico? My measly donations can only go to far. Help us help @POTUS
Also Happy Birthday, President Carter! You are awe-inspiring.
Happy Birthday 
Happy birthday Mr. Carter, and as many more as you would like. We so need more examples like you.
Great picture!
Respectfully person
Has Sir seen how lost The World, suffers so much & we refuse in knowing  who can SAVE us! The Evil one controls 4 now, gonna go SOON!
Happy Birthday, President Carter. You are a shining example of a president, humanitarian and simply a good person.
@JimmyCarter Happy 93rd Birthday! I Appreciate Your Humanitarian Efforts! love you!
Awesome throwback, sir!
You were the BEST president who honored our country and the oval office! Bush is your biggest fan too! He said you mastered politics! Miss u
Happy Birthday Pres Carter
You're fired!!!
Happy Birthday #39! Your love for humanity is still strong! 
Time for a golf game between #42, #44 & #39!
And President Carter, you are a dream come true. If only many more would follow in your footsteps.
Thank you for your work Mr. Clinton. I am, and always will be, a fan.
Mr Carter -on a COMMERCIAL flight to Nashville came to Economy to meet us OMG- REAL Class doesn't  need to travel on Private Planes!
A true HUMANITARIAN!
Happy Birthday, Mr. President
93 that's not just  peanuts
Working hard or hardly working? (I kid). Happy 39th, 93. Or whatever. Does Carter have a twit?
God bless President Carter. Happy Birthday
Happy birthday Mr Jimmy!! You are an inspiration
Hope President Carter made a special birthday wish 4  & if he did I hope it had the name Trump in it.
Jimmy Carter is an amazing wonderful human being. Pres Clinton you are also the best
Jimmy Carter is a man who has never stopped giving the very best to America. He opens pathways that others should follow!
Happy Birthday President Carter
He didn’t make it to the presidents cup, because he was rebuilding homes in Puerto Rico… I think, happy birthday Mr. President!
Happy birthday President Carter
HAPPY BIRTHDAY  PRESIDENT CARTER  
Carter is the greatest!
Happy birthday to President Carter.
Happy Birthday President Carter!!!
Wow!! Happy Birthday Mr. President!!!
Happy birthday Jimmy
How far the office of @POTUS has fallen. Shameful   Dotard now in residence.
Help, there's a madman in the Oval.
Talk about a guy making a difference! Great job Jimmy!
Happy Birthday President Jimmy Carter! 'A President who builds houses after disasters.' ( others golf.) A man of action, integrity & grace.
Happy birthday to President Carter, a man of integrity.
Now that's a class act!
happy bday President Carter
When Presidents understood serving all the people was their job.
Wow!! Happy birthday Mr. Carter..
Happy Bday Mr. President ...I still got the pic u sent me when I wrote to you in 7th grade...just can't find it lol
God bless them real presidents..and free us from the fake white trash..
A fantastic reminder of the absolute dignity and integrity of those who once held office as President.
President Carter, Happy Birthday& Best to you & your family. You & your lifetime of good works are appreciated.   Hope & dignity, yr legacy
How many houses has @realDonaldTrump helped with?a true POS.
Happy Birthday President Carter!  #39turns93
Happy 93rd B’Day President Carter. A fellow Georgian, along w/John Cox, former DEM Sec of GA & friend, privilege to have you as Governor.
Smart indeed # 39 turns 93 many happy returns may God continuously blessed you in every regards. May wellness and health stay around you.
May God bless you and keep you, Mr. President!
Trump never drove a nail in his life
Happy Birthday Mr President
What a great picture of two of my favorite presidents
Happy Birthday Mr. President
You, President Carter, and President Obama are three of the best! I have so much respect for the three of you!

Happy Birthday President Carter.
