Fact that we have to consider these kinds of insidious meanings behind neutral everyday words say a lot about the state of the world. 
I know I just started looking into #pizzagate & im horrified. Reminds me of the 90s in Belgium when it was discovered that Marc Dutroux
Wasn't some lone wolf but acting as a recruiter for politicians. When the case got to hot and the public revolted it was shut down
Also the reason my dad said hell no you ain't going to a school camp I love my dad #rip

he needs a trial too ..hmm so do you.
TN Ballooon gif shop called da cops on me a week ago ? - like was a tradition at phoenix ?
Wink wink. Balloons.
And people are talking about Trump grabbing  P;$$/ ? Balloons huh sure good one.
That's kinda creepy, in a Pennywise kinda way.
& THAT is creepy, eww yeah...#Pennywise creepy @StephenKing
"Whatever floats your boat, Georgie!!"
Ahhhhhhgggghh. What's that in the sewer?
Ha ha ha!!!

HappyNewYear  ENJOY TODAY
HBD! CHEERS OBAMA! 
Fact check: True

There is a REALLY BIG balloon in the White House right now!  Or it's something filled with hot air, anyway!
Many happy returns sir.

You love pussy too
Happy Birthday Mr. President! @BarackObama #HBD44
hahahahahah Bill

No comment.
Happy birthday. God, the Lord be with You! 
Matthew 6:33
But seek first the #kingdom of #God and His #righteousness, and all these #things shall be [1/2]
.. The fuck does any of that have to do with wishing someone happy birthday?!
Romans 10:9
that if you #confess with your #mouth the #LordJesus and believe in your #heart that #God has raised Him from [1/2]

 Happy Birthday  if u don't mind a wish suggestion... A REAL President back in office would be nice!
Love you Bill. Can you and Barack decide which one will grab your third term and save us???
Maybe Fox can be vp.
Love you Sir Fox
HOLY. SHIT.
I miss having a president who's secure enough to have a self-deprecating sense of humor.

Do you love a good cigar?
We miss you !!!!
We thought you were more of a cigar man !!!

Happy Birthday @BarackObama. Lets Make Your Birthday Great & Tremendous Again!.
Trump loves balloons, okay? like you have no idea how much Trump loves balloons. How does a balloon even stay in the air Bill, nobody knows
Hahaha @billclinton Come down off that grass 
Two of our greatest Presidents! 
This guy (@billclinton ) has a sense of humor
you also like some good head from an assistant
Happy birthday big daddy we love you
Who doesn't love a good balloon?!? Gotta love @billclinton.  We miss you too sir!!!
Bill Clinton, Bill Cosby, Mountain Man from the deliverence & Brock Turner. The official Mount Rushmore of rapists.
People easily forget.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY PRESIDENT OBAMA. A president worthy of the name. 

@ChewLinabury I wonder if they're pink
From one real president to another! Happy birthday President Obama!
Yes, the president caught sexually assaulting interns is a great president.  Wow....
Consensual isn't assault.
How is it consensual when he was her boss? Having that power displaces the argument of consent.
So anyone who agrees to have an affair with his/her boss can claim assault? Or only when it suits your agenda?
It's not ok for anyone who's viewed as a powerful figure to have an affair with anyone who's position is so inferior.
There can be consensual affairs between people in different levels of power. In fact the less powerful can be the aggressor.

Big Blue Balls.

I am soooo sorry..im sorry.. 

I'll see myself out
 We see what you did there! I miss genuine humor in the WH. Happy Birthday, @BarackObama! 
humor is a sign of intelligence.
Trump has literally never made me laugh, chuckle or even smirk. The Clintons and Obamas made me lol in every (non serious) interview.
Cheeto & his cult think mockery & belittling are funny, only other bullies find joy in that.
They're all graduates of the Mike Huckabee School of Comedy
Is that a sister school to Trump University? 
Equally as successful!
Are we measuring success by money or the number of poor/senior citizens lives ruined? Meh, doesn't matter.
Ah ya ye for balloons no problem come to Sam love I give for free with pleasure ya Sam love celebrations tick

Barry is a little younger than me and I would be a far superior president with more administrative experience.
Haha yess!!
@BillClinton, what is that sexual innuendo for? #HBD44
You and Sectretary Clinton are both class acts. We love and support you. When the recall election comes soon, PLEASE run again!
Oh yeah!!!!
By balloons you mean  Blow jobs LOL

Belated happy birthday to the classy and intelligent President Obama, and greetings to President Clinton.  How we miss you both!
99 red ones
I bet you like a good. Cigar to..
Happy Birthday #BarrySoetoro
Beautiful Birthday Balooni fromi our side to Mr Obama
I miss u both Mr. Presidents
Miss you both
Happy. Happy. Happy.
Balloons are nice.. lots of balloons are better #bastilleday2017  
You win, Mr. Clinton, you win.  
I bet you do
Good morning sir
Clinton/Obama the world needs more US Presidents like these two men. No more man baby #45
Sell it!
Happy birthday pou pou pidou
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MR.OBAMA!
What did your cigar taste like after you shoved it in Monica Lewinsky's vagina?  Bet that made for one heck of a birthday gift huh Bill?
Hail SATAN! #billclinton #barackobamabirthday
Happy birthday
This is hilarious!
जन्मदिन की बधाई
many many happy returnz of the day, mr Obama via Mr Clinton ...u r my one of the best political personalities, Mr Clinton ...good health
hahaha shady! 


no doubt...you are so full of hot air, I am sure you can inflate many balloons
Ola BOM DIA A TODOS JESUS ABENCÕE NOSSA VIDAS
You rock Bill.  Nothing but love for the Clintons.
God bless you America
@Ben_Stanfield I thought this was a parody account at first  also I read this in my head in a Bill Clinton voice.. 
Hallo Bill Clinton
Greetings from Ishinde Tanzania.
But do you know how they stay in the air?

Is that a euphermism?
Maybe he's suggesting that a good balloon needs a big prick?
Plenty of those on all sides of American politics.  Quite a few here as well
Seems to be the minimum qualification
You misspelled blowjob
Lmao that was good
Are you sure you just don't like the blowing part?? ;) <3
By balloons I think Bill means something else!
Buy him some cigars. Let him get his own humidor, though.
The only real reason I voted for Hillary is I wanted bubba back in the white house!
Such a politician,  lol, bunch of kiss a....
Did @billclinton just make a nitrous joke?
The death of the Japanese suanpan is there on every street corner, where fat black mums r trading off their calculators of Texas Instruments
U love condoms!
Happy Birthday
Happy birthday  You truly have it all! We miss you terribly - Michelle?  ... We need smart people like y'all in office! #vote2018
Read this in his voice...
Try again, this time in a coherent sentence!
MAY GOD BLESS AND KEEP EVERYONE TOGETHER IN THESE VERY SERIOUS TIMES CONFRONT USA. DON BLACK.
Big up boss
And many more to come 
Ooh happy belated birthday Mr President
BaaaaHahahahaha! Love ya, Bill!
HBD om @BarackObama kapan neh pulang kampung lagi hehehe
He means Condoms Obama. He loves a good condom to use as a ballon. He has all kinds he has them in All colors & shapes.
Happy Earth anniversary to the best leader
Hbd bill
Cause it trips hillary out.
People actually believe Trump is a Christian? That right there shows you how Christianity stacks up. Pilfered with mentally ill it is.
Do you think "balloons" is Bill's code for oral?
Bill & Barack are America's best ever presidents this world will ever know,
So does she
Happy birthday and good morning from pakistan
How many times have you flown on known Pedophile Jeffrey Epstein private Jet Bill? Over 30 times right? I know what you've done
Happy birthday pres. Intelligent ppl love you. @CNN @nytimes @rolandsmartin @ShaunKing @MSNBC @KeithOlbermann
Is that what they call BJs now?
Happy Birthday :) to you!
Bill who do you think you have fooled, you know you will face God one day and He knows the phony that you are.
Junk
Is it just me or can you actually HEAR @billclinton saying that to @BarackObama?! So good. Missing 42 & 44 and can't wait for 46!
Are you on drugs?
When you say balloon you mean some head right?
See this is how presidents should use social media ,with kindness & humor not hateful ignorant rants or to bully people they dont like.luv u
Happy Birthday Barack. Celebrate in style. Life is too short & you are worth it.
Big love to Hilary from me too!!
Barf

So glad you can't go anywhere near the WH!
You so silly Mr. Former President.. everyone loves a good balloon!!! My fav the one with ur name on it.
#EPIC new moments in
#AMERICANHISTORY
Hahahaha.


Hbd lister président @BarackObama
Happy Birthday Mr. President @BarackObama.  May God keeps you safe blessing you longevity and happiness always...
Happy Late B-Day Black POTUS From Money Memph
Happy birthday
If you'd used a balloon that day, Monica wouldn't have any stains to show!
Did you say baboon?
Gods not real. Christian nonces.
@ckupchella
There is one out there of this but a giant "P****" slips in....lol
Hey Bill, did the ex-President bringYouCoffee
YouKnowLikeYouSaidHeWouldHave a few years before he became President
Maybe a big, fat, orange one - full of hot air??
We all know you love a good balloon job me son.
Not the only thing you like to get "blown" up, eh!
Nu
Yar obamy btaya e nai , cake kat'ty tera yar b.c
Maybe he'll get a cigar... EVERYONE knows you like a good cigar, @BillClinton!
that business with the balloons at the convention is what lost the election!
@haykendall 
You like them because #balloonsblow, gotcha     >.<    ping @BalloonsBlow
Happy Birthday, Mr. President, belatedly. We miss you.
haha  is balloon the word you were looking for Mr. President??  :)
Wishbuba very very happy birthday @brack obaman
#TeamBalloons 
Balloon or blowjob?


And Cigar.
Is balloon the code word for sex?
I'm guessing 'balloon' is Arkansas slang for fellatio ...
Nooo @billclinton - balloons bad  #HBD44 
Happy birth day to Obama
@BarackObama happy birthday good man
Better be biodegradable, Bill.
Hmmmmmm lol
Give me a fucking balloon!
@BarackObama Happy Birthday Mr. President!

