President Jimmy Carter has arrived at the build site to start the final day of the 2017 #HabitatCWP in Canada. 
God bless Jimmy Carter. A truly great example of a remarkable man. Be like Jimmy.

Positivity Break

Jimmy Carter builds homes, not walls. What would YOU like to see a President do? #BeLikeJimmyC https://twitter.com/GeorgeTakei/status/886040060667342848 …
If you're asking about the current office holder he could return an iota of dignity to it. He has been most disingenuous & disgraceful. 
There was that ONE time after the Louisiana flood when @realDonaldTrump spent a WHOLE 49 SEC pretending to help unload boxes of Play-doh!
Someone just posted this.
#BeLikeJimmyC

#BuildBridgesNOTWalls
(h/t @AlannaAldridge)
Listen up @realDonaldTrump. May we all be inspired by Jimmy Carter & his noble acts of selflessness. #BeLikeJimmy #BuildHomesNotWalls
did @realDonaldTrump even tweet concern for #39 or was he too busy hate tweeting & threatening the GOP 
#BeLikeJimmy 
#CountryOverParty
I don't think he commented but I'm not sure. I don't follow him.
17 yrs after access tech & still trump with America great again means bush jr gw has done airport but not many companies 2 super power??um*+
Why haven't YOU! been out there, swinging a hammer for America?  Leave our daughters alone... pick up a hammer and build something!!
Jimmy Carter has done more since his Presidency to help #Americans than #Trump has in a lifetime. Jimmy Carter!
God look after and bless Jimmy for his life most his life he dedicate work for Humanity Humanites for help people what great work job to be ah ya Sam Love Jimmy and his work tick
second worst president in history..you being third..obama being first..bush 2 being fourth and bush 1 being fifth. Wilson being sixth worst only because of the federal reserve.. Funny, Trump gets castrated for things you all have done too.
nation united states is priority but better more political & develop their own states & cities & some time 2 relax & talk2 bublic & BUS?um*+
Communist in the building!
Question, Sir: Am I reading this right? Do past Presidents refer to each other(assuming more jokingly) by number? If right, that's a riot 
Jimmy Carter does not change. Always dynamic. God bless him.
12 yrs ago, I appld 4 HFH. I was trnd dwn bcs "Income 2 low. My 2 chldrn wr at hme,Cllg grds Indpndt.IDsbld nw. MS RA. ?
Jimmy Carter is a very good man.  Please stay active in this current horror show by the person in the  white house.  He is a disgrace
Actions speak louder than tweets #helpthepoorinSpirit
#39 let Americans down, it was fu$& hard to wear my uniform during those years
Love that man #JimmyCarter
Get the f?$&” out of here, just go away
dear bill Clinton , i think better west pressure upon saarc nations 2 billion & growing to permanent birth control operations & victory?um*+
Wait... are you talking about the antisemite Jimmy Carter?
Love you Mr. President...loved your wife as well


Yeah..I hear bill Clinton is up a lot with num erous women except his own wife.  LOL
Indeed sir spoken like the real President been there done that right. What we got our selves in to with this Administration unbearable
Amen
No, you can't *>).
Not w/ that super ciallis ass rapin' shit you got I am sure.
" @billclinton @mch7576 @Habitat_org Cause #39 President Carter Is A Rock Star We Love Him Here In Canada!! "
@SupermanHotMale @billclinton @mch7576 @Habitat_org
 92 yrs old. Cancer survivor. Builds house for the poor. #CarterIsABadass
;The Carpenter,s Son;.
The great son of the Earth


Awesome!
Žq
We like #39 and #42
Love Jimmy!
Jimmy Carter is the epitome of Christian values in America. This is the fast that God has chosen & he is living it daily to honor Him ...
One good thing about Jimmy is, he donates ALL of his time! U Billy boy spend the donations for your own benifits..05 on the dollar? CREEP!
God Bless President Carter! He is one of the most giving human beings!
Speaking the truth. President Carter's resiliency is astounding. Keep the positivity alive.
Look @GOP this what a Christian looks like, gaze in amazement for as long as u need to it's rare to see one in real life!
Tell trump that's the way to go
welcome
#maddow #ImpeachTrumpNow .@CNN
.@SenSchumer .@SenFranken .@MarkWarner .@SenWarren .@SenGillibrand .@OversightDems
 Come fellow SNOWFLAKES
We're AVALANCHING the .@realDonaldTrump feed
JOIN THE FUN
  PLEASE RETWEET …
Good for Pres. Carter ... I have an ap in but not sure if they got or not ... no one would acknowledge so I filled out + 1 I am a DAVet
Welcome back Mr. President 
#walksthewalk
I'love US Country very much.
Yolanda(Europa)
Donald Trump is ROSSIAN Idiot!! 
Yolanda(DK)
Thanks for the update my bests times was when you were in the white house
Jimmy Carter the most beloved president
Rapist Bill!!!!

Whatcha doing billy boy? Counting up your girlfriends while married list?
OLACAK İNŞALLAH...PALAVRA ATMIYORUM.
ÇOCUKLAR KADINLAR YAŞLILAR İNSANLAR ÖLMESİN YAV GÜÇ EKSENLİ DÜNYA YI İNSAN EKSENLİ DÜNYA YAPALIM.
SN.CLİNTON İYİ OLMAK YÜCELİKTİR ,ENERJİ İLAÇ SİLAH SANAYİ PARA KANYONLARI NEREYE KADAR ÖMÜR KISA BIRAKIN HERKES ÖZGÜRCE YAŞASIN
Jimmy Carter is a proven keeper! God bless you and your wife.
39 is might fine all the time!
Love this guy
One of my favourite  president of united states after  barak obama
Trump, Espionage Act of 1917
 Hang em High and Bury them 6 feet Deeper than Most. Waaat??
Deep Down inside their really Good U.S Traitors.

Don't be smart about Carter. He is a better man then most of you in that office since like 1976.
Jimmy Curter ex-ordinary Good Human, Bill Clinton well educated good man and foresighted but he is afraid to some one.
God bless ! I admire you so much.


Welcome back #39.Enjoy life!!
So much winning Jeremiah... get help
Wow  4 replies! Who's triggered lol
And here's #45 @POTUS golfing incessant tweeter tantrums and hours on end watching tv. His idea of #MAGA
This is how a classy gent behaves.  Bravo good sir
I agree!!!
TrueAmericanHero!! Fuck Evangelics and @baptistpress who turned their backs on this great example of a Christian!!

God Bless Jimmy Carter.
What an honorable, compassionate & kind man has God made in President Carter.  A national treasure & hero.  Hilary & you too - love you both
Yeah Billy boy here was a whole Ham during his presidency
Real President! He makes me smile!
Clinton the perjurer. Talk about The White Tiger Investigation! Who is your prestanombre? Sin verguenza!
Such a great man. A true example of integrity and Servant leadership.
he gave up on america tg Reagan came around
At 92 President Carter has more life in him than most 20 year olds these days. I salute him! We need more like him!
Drink lots of water President Cater & take rest breaks in the shade.
Like your style! Just a couple retired cops slinging jerky now  25 Gourmet Flavors 8g Protein  http://Jurassicjerkyllc.Com 
Such an embarrassment you and Hillary
Thank You for reminding us of this great humanitarian. About one great American from another.
The climax is coming!
Do you know why I love you because you love your country.
Thank you for a presidential tweet.
560 children between 0-6 age are in prison in Turkey with their mother..
Love Jimmy Carter!! 
This man is definitely one of the good - love his dedication and spirit!
Real Presidents 
THE GOOD MAN, UP.
Beautiful man and spirit!
Ditto to you sir and your family!
And where are you?  Why aren't you out there with him?
Remember when presidents spoke they spoke like this.. not screaming fake news and SAD!
Jimmy Carter what a legend! Bill will u be going to Haiti to do this?
I read years ago that Jimmy Carter commits to one weekend a YEAR to Habitat for Humanity.  Helps his image I guess, but in Canada? Whatever
God bless you
Never liked him as President, but do appreciate & support his good works.
An amazing man! An amazing role model!!!
I like the new fad of referring to each other's presidential number like you're clones or robots in a serial production.
Is a new world clinton,is a new world barrack,you all are being lied to.stop playing that SHIT game.IS A NEW WORLD.
My hero. Welcome, President Carter!
Back in the saddle!! Congrats 39!!
A former President Who continues to GIVE BACK.A current President who NEVER gave a DAMN THING or SACRIFICED NOTHING.#39 A TRUE Humanitarian
Love u 39. Thanks 4 all that u do, but please remember 2 drink more H2O in this heat, not ready 2 lose u just yet.
We still have a President we can be proud of.
God bless you sir
One great guy
Who is that sitting on President Carter's shoulder?
The fact that he is maligned by the religious right tells me volumes about them.
Jimmy Carter is a true statesman and a man of great virtue. He holds true to his values and is dignified. Clear opposite of DJT.
God keeps his angels at work.  A good man, glad he's on the go again.
An example of a true Christian man. President Carter is always a blessing to all people, and one favored by God.
U and Mr. Barter away Land 4 fake peace r 100x worse than NIXON & Benedict Arnold.Ur both liberal Socialists makin money on Capitalism
Can't be kind for a second. The man was released from hospital - jackass
God bless you Jimmy Carter
We still love you bill, too!
#45 please resign and go play golf
Can't say the same of your current President who continues to blame President Obama for everything
I love you jimmy Carter!!!!!
Hillary failed on this one. I'd watch his back and check ignition wires under the car dash before starting
Troll
Trump couldn't keep up with Jimmy for one day!
Mr. Clinton, I really wanted your wife to win, but there is that dunce in the White House. I so wish we could have a "do-over" !!
I hope his great care was on the house, Canada style..........thx for coming to visit and support Habit for Humanity
We  President Carter. God bless you
Bill Clinton is a RAPIST?
I didn't know you had cell phone reception out in the woods with Kilary. Hashtag thatbitchwillneverbemypresident
And by their deeds you shall know them. Jimmy Carter walks the walk.
Yay #39
How awesome that a 92 yr old former president is building houses while the current presidents sits and watches golf!
He's a nail. I mean seriously. How?
Awesome see, that's my birthday twin#libras
well boy,welcome ontje square and compass
President Carter is an example to us all.
Carter looks buff.  Good hard work is what America needs.
Wonderful, thoughtful and classy gentleman.  A treasure!
Wow!  You are a living legend.  
