He doesn't have his priorities straight. This is reality, not Reality TV.
So did Haiti
RETWEET this. President Trump needs to hear this.
Well you're not going to get any from Donnie Trump that's for damn certain those folks can vote and he don't care
Then take your millions and go help them.
Tell it to the "son of a bitch" in presidency right now
...while prez is clueless.  Hillary is right.  He is worse than she thought!
Estaremos em oração
We need our help too but United save lives help everyone
Clinton foundation should definitely step up and donate some of that big time money 
He's to busy worried about the NFL.
Sorry Mr. President we have kneeling at football games to deal with.
You'd think the current POTUS would care about this more than kneeling
Monica kneeled for Bill and America was not amused.
Actually a lot of people didn't give a damn.
Using power to seduce a low paid employee. Yep, sounds Democrat to me. Something Weiner would do, except now Prison for that guy.
Many people of all walks of life do. He only supports the ones that grab pussy and "apologize"
Sorry @BillClinton 45* is fighting with ball players........priorities man!
Then help (rip them off) them slick Willie.
Thank you for your plea!
@realDonaldTrump is going to try to fit that in mid-October..in between Tee times & pissing matches.That's how you 'president' don't ya know
Sorry President Clinton our current POTUS is to busy fighting pro athletes and trying to start a war with N Korea to care about PR + USVI
Thank you. We really do. #utuado is needing help bad,  food and water
Nice
They haven’t been able to vote for decades but now y’all wanna help? Interesting....
Maybe the Clinton Foundation can help like you did in Haiti. Oh wait...
#42 Fmr.Pres.CLINTOMN; I know that the Island  of Puerto Rico, has been economically insolvent for some time, now both the the VirginIslands
2/2 cont'd  and Puerto Rico are financially strapped in peril, needing  everyone's our support.
We know. Tell @realDonaldTrump to do his goddamn job!
And our current White House occupant doesn't care.
Why is he ignoring them! Does he think they are immigrants!
Yes they do , somebody needs to tell #potus
So why not send them a big check from your personal bank, I mean Clinton Foundation, account? Huh? Put your mouth where your money is.
Please advise the idiot sitting in the Oval Office! He needs the reminder! He has the power. I can only donate and I have- not enough!
I’m not talking to him either. We will have to get someone else.
Well you and Hillary are loaded Bill so dig into your own coffers.
It's been 25 years since Hurricane Andrew. It's inexcusable that America continues to have ineffective response w/every major hurricane.
Kap and m
You are so correct! Use the money from the Clinton Global  cash cow 
Have you checked coast guard and fema updates lately??
@mcuban @BillGates @NetJets We need the private sector to help mobilize air transport of life saving supplies, medicines and volunteers.
to bad you did not think about that when you phase out IRS section 936 in 1993 puting the island into a recession 10 years later.
Dear President Clinton. #PuertoRico #USA & #World needs #OneGlobalEmergencyResponseNetwork 2 provide reliable #EmergencyResponse globally
Is Trump refusing to help them because of some debt that PR owes? what is going on???
Why? He didn't write it, & probably hasn't read it.
What world are you living in? Chump not read something about him and his real estate empire, that's like asking Isis to stop killing people
Red Cross, UNICEF, UNIDOS, call your MoC and tell them to fund FEMA relief.
Our #ToddlerInChief is too busy throwing a fit about #TakeAKnee to behave like an adult @POTUS Besides, PR people are brown. He doesn't care
Maybe the Clinton Fondation can help a little...
Lol...
FEMA is there!
And Potus support ?
FEMA is part of the federal government.  They responded.  I am not sure what you mean by support.
How much did you donate? How about the Clinton Foundation? Oh yea I believe Haiti is still waiting. #TakeAKnee
Carlos Beltran donated $1 million to PR hurricane relief. Feel free to follow his lead and help those that need it.
So why isn't this idiot on office sending help? Oh wait, I know why.Wrong skin color
Someone explain to trump very slowly and loudly Puerto Rico is US territory
It only works if you put his name in the briefing every other word: Donald Puerto Rico needs help Donald please send aid Donald or they...
Maybe if we put an american flag there he will pay attention
Or if they take a knee ....
I swear i heard him call Puerto Rico “Mexico 2”
*facepalm* twice, once cause, wow,  second time to make sure this is reality. Good Lord.
Thats what i said till i heard him push for the repeal and replacing Barrack Obama
Watching news coverage of GOP health bill hearing now.
Can you bring a map, crayons, a history book, and a Capri Sun to the White House to explain to Trump that Puerto Rico is a part of America.
Tell him that hot women are in danger! (Maybe @JLo can help.)
Too bad @realDonaldTrump doesn't realize that they are part of the US!
Thanks Bill for being more Presidential than our President!
7 times more People support Lebron than Trump!
Yep has to be hurting your cocaine empire you worked so hard to build
You're not getting away with what you did I'm Haiti twice!! They don't need you stealing and squandering any aid money
#GOPLies &  #GOPHate as your #FakeNews Fox bubble is obvious. #Repubtard
Tell us how YOU'RE helping, Bill.....
Sorry but the current president is too busy focusing on the NFL. Maybe if the people "kneeled" he would wake the hell up. @realDonaldTrump
And just how much money did the Clinton Foundation donate? Anything for #houstonflood or #floridahurricane? #hypocriteClintons
Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!  We haven't heard from our family. Very scared for them.
How about those millions from the Clinton foundation?
Absolutely. Jesus take the wheel 
Wait, what? Trumpito just this morning said the relief effort is the best the world has ever seen.  Rave reviews! 100% from Rotten Tomatoes.
President Clinton...you are missed!
So has Trump
@MSNBC @CNN Why are you not reporting on this 24/7 and sending top talent to cover this crisis? Less NFL kneeling and more on disaster!
Thanks Bill!!
Praying for everybody!
Holy shit bill Clinton's still alive. Hey Bill your rich take your ass down there and go Jimmy Carter on there ass they need your help
WHERE IS THAT CLINTON FOUNDATION MONEY.  WITH ALL THE MONEY YOU MADE OFF OF THE MISERY IN HAITI YOU SHOULD KICK DOWN SOME MONEY.
Why have you and Hillary not yet sent a ship to Puerto Rico to get out special-needs families?
Same reason your president hasn’t
Please any private planes that can go Mr Clinton Mr.trump is too busy being a bully.please help Puerto Rico families are helpless.
Good for you, former President. I need help to to pay medical bills medicine and fo food any ideas
Ask Trump
Yes! Please sir, President Clinton
Give them some of your millions foundation man
You are right Pres. Clinton. This Pres. Trump the rump doesn't give a  for any of us. I have donated what I could, I hope it helps someway
Maybe your wife can give some of that money she got from selling Russia our uranium, which likely was then sold to North Korea, to 
Bill you have mega millions please tell America what have you and Killory done personally to help
Well said! Perhaps some shld also be reminded that a protest led to the founding of the United States.
@realDonaldTrump
Oh snap!
Sorry Bill our POTUS is too busy worried about the NFL
Maybe we need a JJ Watt to start funds rolling into Puerto Rico. An NFL player who's doing the president's job
Where there's a disaster there's profit. Where there's profit there's a Clinton.
You forgot to mention a Trump to tie list
Well if you remember the extension maybe you can call the current occupant and tell him waiting til 1st or 2nd week Oct will kill folks
I’ll be there next week
@BillClinton I agree but our government is out of sync
The virgin island are mostly black and PR is mostly brown iur president is totally white. Citizen of VI and PR count vote any questions?
Sir can you and the former president's step in and handle this and overtake the white house and get rid of Donald. Please and thank you.
Wake up Orange Fail !!
As Long as the world keeps the money from the @ClintonFdn, #FEMA and #SamaritansPurse will respond! @JulianAssange can Verify your donation.

Poor Tracey! You’ve been made to Flaug yourself over being white! #RaceBaiters Never win @TheRevAl @BarackObama @HillaryClinton  @VanJones68
LOL Don't hate me because I'm beautiful 
Follow me help me get my followers up please n thx
Thank you sir.
Trump cares more for the NFL kneeling for the anthem than the Americans in PR and USVI fighting for their lives!
Mr Clinton,  what is stopping the USNS Comfort being sent to Puerto Rico? Those poor people can't wait another day.  is itthe end of the FY?
The President has spoken!
So how about digging into that Clinton foundation and helping out? Where'd that Haiti money go? They're still waiting too.
Ask Trump to help
Is it POSSIBLE FOR MILITARY TO MED FLIGHT OUT CHILDREN & THE ILL of PUERTO RICO WE MED FLIGHT IN THE STATES TO HOSPITALS
Apologize for bombing Al Shifa medicinal factory in Khartoum 1998.. You killed innocent people to cover up your gate.
surely hilary can donate half of the donation she got from her deals with the enemy
I'm sure Trump can help after he swindled people out of paying them when declaring Bankruptcy

Maybe your foundation should step up
Tell Trump to stop tweeting about the NFL and focus on helping Puerto Rico
@fola37 My oga @fola37 longest time sir
Thank you for including USVI! They are American citizens too.
Hey, idea! Ask for donations! Puerto Rico could make out like Haiti!!
Just like Trump while declaring Bankruptcy!
So why don't you help Bill?  Why not take the millions raised for Haiti that never got to them and send it to PR???
Let's hope u don't send the same team u sent to Haiti that pilfered all the relief aid for themselves! Just go away!
Our fellow Americans in Puerto Rico and the US Virgin Islands are in peril.
They need our help now.
Thank you Mr. President for acknowledging the Islands. Our current disgrace of a potus doesn't seem to care. These US citizens need our help
Disaster. We can do better.
I am sure they would take help from you
No shit
I can't remember when did they become states
They didnt.
How about sending them the Haitian money?
USE THE CLINTON FOUNDATION TO HELP THEM! YOU'VE GOT MULTI-MILLIONS BILL!!! C'MON BE A PAL!?? 
You try to make it appear as if there's no help there already.  There is, there has been right from the start. It takes time to clear passg.
Yes, Puerto Rico, US Colony, needs help! #EndJonesAct
No foundation  $$ left???????
Remember #haiti don't give any Clinton a dime
Please don't get the Clinton foundation involved. Those poor Haitians who are still crying about the injustices your foundation caused them.
More #GOPLies U R watching #FakeNews Fox & believe that idiocy. #Repubtard
Yeah okay

I suggest you hop on your private jet, fly south, and roll up your sleeves instead tweeting about something needing to be done.
Ask the NFL ... they seem to be Richie Rich
Well open the foundation pocketbook there swifty. Or schedule another Chelsea wedding
Yes they do Bill ! BTW how are you doing . I met you several years ago at GW hospital
Where is Trump?    #disgraceful
So get off Twitter and go help them.
Isn't that what the Clinton Foundation does? ...Never mind.
Maybe you should start a fund raiser and send 1 cent of every dollar you collect
That's right Mr.Clinton. ..
Maybe you could give Puerto Rico some of the money you stole from Haiti
Repubs spew #FakeNews from GOP propaganda Fox. Sad.  poor #Repubtard
#PuertoRicoRelief 
#oneloveaglobalmovement
all proceeds to relief efforts
The guy "doing" your old job seems unaware or totally oblivious to human suffering
We are in desperate need of sending the donations to PR from US. But the airlines don't want to help.
We're with you on that. How can we help
So you can say you'll rebuild but keep the money raised.


#GOPLies spewing #GOPHate & #FakeNews Always falsely blaming others. #Repubtaed
Bill Clinton is the shit. I never met him and would take a bullet for him any day all day!! Salute to a real deal American.
Thank y so much
Don't worry Bill, FEMA is there! Very difficult operations underway!!!
Well I hear that Clinton fund did well, let some $$ go bill.
Good luck with that clown in the people's office
Have you met with Monica lately?
Is there anything you can do mr Clinton
Better get down there and "help" them!
THIS IS FEMA AGENT 8323..IT'S TIME 2 RELEASE THE FUNDS IN 2 MY BANK ACCTS
Same help you gave to the Hati?
yes ooo
Scam remember what he did to Haiti
WHAT DO WE DO????
How much is the Clinton Foindayion helping?  Hmmmmm.....
Foundation
God bless us
And then on to Haiti?
Yes I have good friends there who live in Guaynabo and are upper middle class native citizens. They share such sad stories of basic needs.
You continue to show what's important .you never took a knee.a stand.thank you
SO WISH YR WIFE "WAS MAKING THE CALLS! 4 THOSE IN DIRE STRAITS.RATHER THAN POTUS WHO IS RUINING US AS A CARING NATION.EGO IGNORANT TRIPPER
Like when ypu pulled the Navy out! Do you people have any sincerity?


Bill, take some of that money you and Hillary stole from Haiti, and give it to Puerto Rico Now. They need our help now. You can do it, Bill.
This is one of the most important things we should be focused on now.
You and GW need to go there like you did with his Dad for the tsunami. We need real Presidents now.
Sir as a human you dont think rongians in burma need urs attention plz....
Well you and your wife have millions of dollars that you stole from your foundation... why don't you donate that money??
so many #GOPLies spewed by the ignorant #GOPHate You stole ideas from #FakeNews Fox. #Repubtard
Maybe the Clinton foundation can send some of that 15 million that Haiti  didn't get and give it to Puerto Rico
McPrivilege: donate your $$. No need 4 #GOPLies & the #GOPHate you spew. #Repubtard
Nah dey spics
.Take the dirty corrupt #ClintonFoundation pay to play money & Give It ALL To Puerto Rico. Do something decent although alien to you Bubba.
Yes you are deplorable with your #GOPHate & #GOPLies.  #Repubtard
If any sane person lived in the WH they would be getting the help they so desperately need!
Amen
What about the Clinton foundation? Oh yeah to wrapped up in scandal to help
#GOPHate is pure bliss to you. You spread the #FakeNews & #GOPLies #Repubtard
Sir, you & your fellow past POTUS, need to join forces and speak up against tRump
He MUST be removed from office for the sake of humanity!!!
You can donate all your millions.
