President @BillClinton and San Juan Mayor @CarmenYulinCruz meet before visiting Puerto Rico’s largest farmers market—which reopened this week powered by solar panels provided by @ClintonFdn partners. 
Give it a rest, sir!
Right, because helping people is something we should stop doing.
Clinton's or their foundation... are not helpful. Do your homework. #Scam!
The Clinton Foundations helps feeds and aids millions and millions of people a http://year.You  obviously have NO idea. Sad.
U people r nuts. Good news is u have lots of company. #wakethefuckup. Lots of docs/facts abt Clinton Fdtn. Try some facts n wake up. U might like it...or just stay asleep....
You calling us nuts is rich coming from a brain dead Trump supporter
Thank you, President Clinton!
Keep it up, sir. You’re probably doing more for Puerto Rico than the current president.
LOL I think you're confusing the clintons with the trumps
What a great country we'd have if you were president.
Thank you Mr. President. We sure could use your leadership in the Oval Office right now.
Crawl back in your hole Bill. No one wants to hear from a deplorable that disgraced the Whitehouse
This is so positive. Awesome!
Thank you President Clinton for all you do
Thank you.  Our president it doing nothing
Ed he gave tonight 93 M to the police , Sessions just announce it ! The help to PR stop because they did not paid 82M he hates PR !
You could rebuild whole country with the cash you have gathered from pay to play
Whatabout Bengazi
Yes, lots more to do. Let’s roll up our sleeves & follow your leadership please
Rogelio nieto García Imágenes de amor para celulares
Now that’s a real president.
Wonderful. Thank you for stepping up and helping our near neighbors. Grateful for the Clinton Foundation.
Thank you President Clinton for helping the people of PR.
Thank you, great president!
So all of you sheep that love Bill, got 1 simple ? Would you let Bill spend time with your daughters.......I thought so.
Nice. Thank you for remaining true to humanity.
Are you going to help Luke you helped Haiti? #NoThanks
Mr. President. Shipment today of thousands of tons of relief aid ported in Puerto Rico.  Jones act prohibits off load of aid.  Please help.
Can it be helicoptered off?
Or, just outside of port jurisdiction, passed to many small private fishing & pleasure vessels to carry to small waterways/docks??
I have a Dinghy says Bill
thank you
What was your cut Slick Willy?
Glad your grateful for @realDonaldTrump
I’ve seen your work in Haiti, I’m not impressed.
@CarmenYulinCruz Great Presidents continue to be great leaders.
Thank you President Clinton from this Virgin Islander!
Thank you Mr. President for helping your fellow American citizens that are in desperate need.
Any boricua chick for you tonight...
Slick Willie
Thank you!
Bill when are you going to apologize to your victims?
Thank you Mr. President.
Thank you!! Have a great Thanksgiving Sir
Mr president they cancel the help to Puerto Rico, not paying the ppl fixing it, but Sessions announce tonight that the are giving 93M  to the police, just like in Russia ( milicia police ) the bill in PR was 82M , why does they hate Latino Americans like that ?
@realDonaldTrump @THErealDVORAK @adamcurry wow
Good morning  

THANK YOU BILL AND HILLARY FOR YOUR CONTINUED EFFORTS TO HELP THOSE IN NEED!!!
You mean continued scams?
Where's the help from the chumps? What have they done to enrich the lives of anyone but themselves? I'll wait
Keep up the great work President Clinton .. You and Hillary are my hero's I voted for both of you and would like to do it again.. Past that on to the Big Girl! 2020
Your hero is a man who raped and assaulted women?  Or the enabling wife who attacked his victims?  Wow
Bill definitely did not rape Monica L. .. another setup by the republican party.. Well, he won't make that mistake again either and what about your Pres. True work of art Just grab them by their P... what a pc of shit and you should be ashamed, look how many has come forth on him
Juanita Broaddrick (rape), Paula Jones (sexual assault), Kathleen Wiley (sexual assault), Leslie Miller (sexual assault),  should I keep going??
you can go on all you want to I could care less about your republican opinion.. another big difference Bill paid for his mistakes and your president continues on without procecution.. when does he pay for his assaults etc
Thank you so much for helping out, Mr. President. God bless you!
It takes a CLINTON to be Presidential.
Oh fuck off. They ruined Democrat party. Time to let go
Why are Haitians trying to warn us against you, your wife, & your "relief assistance" organizations?
Awesome! Please keep up the good work Mr President....
Like ripping off Haiti?
Kinda makes you wonder why he’s not accepting a salary for doing his job as President of The United States for so many ungrateful, hateful people.
He doesn't need a salary! He's already fleecing everyone! And FYI he is not the first "prez" to reject the salary
And what about your 4 new accusers?

Breaking news: Clinton foundation finds new cash cow
Thank you Mr. President WH bully isn’t doing anything
Is Puerto Rico open for business?
Thank you SIR
Your foundation stole millions from Haiti relief to pay for @ChelseaClinton wedding...You are a crime family...and then there is all that rape you're accused of...
@CarmenYulinCruz they had you at Virgin, didn't they?
Thank you very much....
How many children do you plan to traffic from there? #Pizzagate #Pedogate
Wish you were president
Please report the facts on the ground. Clear & precise. I trust you.   needs someone to give us the truth about what our people of Puerto Rico need. @BillClinton
陕西难友多次向莲湖路工行讨要自己血汗钱购买时银行宣称保本保息零风险的泛亚日金宝2年多未能取到1分钱，8月3日因无钱救治哥哥病死母亲疾病缠身也无力治疗现银行不承认与其有关更不承担任何责任和费用！吴妈妈8.3银行维权第116天SOS

@CarmenYulinCruz And how much did you pocket off of this disaster Bill?
Remember Haiti?
You raped women and raped countries by imbezzling charity donations.  Remember the poor Haitian kids and Chelsea’s wedding dress??  Clinton Crime Family
Hopefully the Puerto Rican women don't bend over in front of you. http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2017/11/sex-predator-chief-white-house-maids-afraid-bend-around-bill-clinton-says-linda-tripp/ …
Like in Haiti...families like camping vut not fir their home dipsh*t! What yall kept was .92 cents of every $1
Thank god for a president with compassion.
Start giving back to Haiti!!! Crooked..
Hope it doesnt turn out like Haiti
just how much wil you and MrsBillClinton bilk the system for?Nothing like stealing from the needy in the name of your foundation like you did in Haiti
Bill keep your hands on top of the table
Rod, take your medication
Send some Uranium one money you stole from us
Charlie Rose today. You will be next Billy Bob!
Ya está bien de  discursos floridos .Q ca------jo va a hacer para traer materiales y más. Brigadas? Con decir We need help no se resuelve nada.

We prayed and #Tag for Texas, Puerto Rico, when they were hit by the hurricane.
We prayed  #Tag for Manchester and France when there was bombing attack.…
Thank you for helping our fellow American citizens! 
Gotta come up with their next scheme to rob donations from the people who need them.
Thank you Mr President!
People in Haiti still need help.

#BREAKING:#ChelseaClinton used #ClintonFoundation cash like her personal ATM to pay for her:wedding,living expenses & taxes on gifts of cash from her parents Killary (#HillaryClinton) & #BillClinton,etc according to a bombshell email made public LockThemUp …
It takes a Democrat to get anything done!
Amen brother!
Don’t wast your money donating this Clintons Scam Foundation. You donate $100, only $10 would go to victims, Clinton keep the $90.
Thank you .. I still believe we need a new election and Trump is stupid.

fake
Thank you President Clinton.
Like the way the foundation helped in Haiti?
All that money from Uranium One. And other Clinton Crime foundation funds. PR needs to help itself, the Feds can only do so much. Sorry
Trump can send the money from his foundation. Oops. He just shut it down because they took all the money.
Thank you president clinton and the Clinton foundation for assuming the critical leadership needed to help our fellow Americans in need.
Write em a check then ,come on show me what you got,
You slime . You are a disgrace.

Look at him a skeleton of flesh that’s all that’s left. Donald gave it to u hard and told the world on TV exactly who and what you are. So I know every day you wake up u must feel ashamed of your self .... we hate you and wish u a long life so u may suffer the embarrassment more
Please help ST. CROIX! They have been forgotten!
Knowing you and your wife yall probably money laundering money threw this somehow..the best thing you did was get your dicked sucked while in office.
Your kids have health care thanks to Hillary! He was one of the best American Presidents of our time!

With all your stolen dirty money.  Can’t wait until you both are locked up and your “foundation is closed down.  Your time is coming.   #clintoncrimefamily #killarycrimeboss
did clinton say to which one of his organizations that we send the check?
Mr president thank you so much for all you have done for the citizens of Puerto Rico.I will always be thankful.
He hasn't done anything, dummy

Yep, crooked Bill and crooked Mayor. Bad for the people.
If y'all get back in the White House, can I have a sleep over?

America needs you!!!
You know, ex-president and forever sexual assault dude, it would have helped Puerto Rico a whole lot if your wife didn't crush everyone's hopes and dreams by rigging the election she ended up losing to that other sexual assault dude.
Shut-up.
The people of Haiti are still waiting for their hospital
I ask u as a democrat that left the party over UR sex predator allegations. I refuse 2 support ur fmr BFF #45 for U both are the same. Step away frm the Democratic organized anything. U & #45 taint the process everyday UR both part of it. U#45 & Jeff Epstein partied on children.
Thank you Sir. Ya'll are the best!
For sure it’s a very nice initiative, Bill! Wake up and continue the efforts.
Bait and switch
I miss true leadership like this.
WTF
Puerto ya not Porto sorry for previous comment I'm sure help will continue for Virgin Island and Puerto Rico don't worry be happy people Sam Love you tick Sam Amour

Haitian people did not see a dime of the money donated to the Clinton Foundation. Media covers up #OneAmericaAppeal #StopBetsy #Hannity 
You mean like the @ClintonFdn helped Haiti?
Thank you! Our people deserve the help.
SO DOES FLINT MICHIGAN!!!
Maybe use that Haiti money you and your foundation stole to help PR and the Islands

Don’t get in the way of the Trump Foundation - you’ll get overrun.  I’m pretty sure they’ve got a team down there looking for loose change.
#fuckingmoron
#resist #bastardregime
#Impeach45
#Indict45
#Jail45
You and your wife's time is over as well as you're foundation... nearly 40 years of corruption and scandal is enough. More things are coming to light of day every week. And your enablers are abandoning you.
Thank you Mr. President!
What did the #ClintonFoundation do with 90% of the money for #Haiti? You're a #rapist and a crook. Your day is coming.
Emergency Watch will Now Be in Effect -> Haiti is Still waiting for You to Honor Your Promise!
Fund raising again eh Billy...

Don’t worry. @realDonaldTrump is going to score some illegal ivory to help pay for relief
Ah yes, another opportunity to pillage funds from the poor by the Clinton's - the writing is on the wall here
Mr. President, I pray that you & other millionaires/billionaires and legit people in the know help get the entire island of Puerto Rico in renewable energy. Use tax breaks and volunteers to get it done. This has lasted too long.
In order For you to help you have to be getting money
Im danavan trump 
اعلام کنید مخالفان برن خونشون .دشمن ترامپ دشمنه آمریکاست
Clintons just go away
... Could play a role... embezzling the cash? Tut-tut #ClintonCash
Like you robbed Haiti? Take your dank old hag back to the woods
Instead of Trump worrying about what NFL players do, he should focus on Puerto Rico's current situation.  We miss you being President, Mr. Clinton.
Criminal Clinton cartel! Evil people
How much does the @ClintonFdn have?
Thank you Mr. President for your ongoing efforts to provide aid to Puerto Rico.
I hope they know to keep their children away from you (STICK IT IN HER SLICK WILLIE) HILLARY, AND THE PODESTA BROS!!!#
Thank you, President Clinton! Thank you for not giving up on #PuertoRico 
Like you helped the Hatians....two words 1 finger!
Keep doing good work.  The media will never report it but some of us know how much good you've done in your life.
Thankyou!
I am puertorrican but I more glad that you are friend of Puerto Rico. My deceased parents always have respect for you and your family. One think I always know is that you are always there for the people of Puerto Rico in good or bad things. I wish you a happy holidays .

Thank you! I sure wish you could run for President again.
And what is Trump doing!?!
Thank you for not forgetting about Puerto Rico!

To help alleviate pains of those families who are not allowed to work in Turkey or have to live in refugee camps abroad, I am starting this campaign so that these families are not starved to death or forced to take a life-or-death journey to safety. https://www.generosity.com/fundraising/help-victims-of-turkey-purge--2/x/15946698 …
Isn't your clinton foundation under fbi investigation. #JusticeForHaiti #WhereIsHaiti's$6Billion #Haiti2010EarthquakeRelief  
Just take a trip to Haiti,see for yourself. Nuff said.
What are the panels powering? Open air breeze? It’s a farmers market.

Chelsea must need another dress!
Are you planning to steal the money like you did in Haiti?
Wonderful work!!!! Such inspiration!!!
Like when your fraudulent Foundation played a role in Haiti and you ran away with the money and used in on Chelsea's wedding? Ok good!
What happened in Haiti Bill?
Bucket list item 666: Devirgify all islands.
#WhoWillWeSacrifice #VirginOlivesArePrudes
What about the ppl of Haiti that u screwed over like you did to so many women? Ur time is OVER! Go Away and take ur crooked "wife" with you.
Thank you, Sir
Thank you for STILL being presidential...that other guy sucks at it.
How much did you swindle folks out of now Billy?
Tell us all about your deplorable actions to the people of Haiti
Where's the Haiti money?
But wait, didn't the SCROTUS give TOILET PAPER? How can you compete with that?
So you and lying mayor have teamed up? So do you plan to steal all the $$$ from PR like you did to Dominican Republic?!?!  Clinton Foundation=Criminal Money laundering scheme!!!
Thank you President Clinton because the moron in the WH is doing nothing to help Puerto Rico 
Which was in Feb 13 1975 now 18 years later same month feb different year 1993 and #13 says higher then before which is the 26 of Feb 93
Count up from 13 to 26 Tell me what u get smell SUMTHING I DO NUMBER GOD THE FATHER AND CHRIST JESUS IS WATCHING YALL RESEACH !!!!
Thank you. Pls. hold your head high. One thing I know, you cannot be in A Mandatory Nursing class, whilst been assaulted miles away. Unless you are identical Twin or someone is impersonating you. That's how I made my decision. Trump & Hannity will always be & go Low
Thank you for your leadership and caring, Mr. President. @POTUS has certainly dropped the ball on this, leaving US citizens in peril
a real president, like yourself, would have stepped up here - not like the current administration
U spelled rapist wrong
Dear Mr. POTUS, I will not waist your time. Can we please send solar panels to Puerto Rico. They can act as roofs as well as generate power which they can sell back. We can bring them out of poverty.
@Carlitas__Way  
