I am a 77 year old woman who believes in equal rights for all. Hillary is the only one in History to take her place as first female as President. All women before me and their absolute need to have her blazing the trail for women is NOW. She is the people’s choice as our female
We need Hillary.
Hillary is our President
But Hillary herself said that not accepting the election results was “A Threat to Our Democracy”. 
& knowing she rigged the election, paid $9 mil for a fake dossier 2 spread Russian propaganda 2 interfere in our elections & used by Odumbo admin. 2 obtain illegal FISA warrants 2 spy on Trump tower, 2 start a counterintelligence investigation & Comey 4 Mueller & she still lost
They cheated and spied as illegally as they possibly could, lord knows how many mail in ballots they faked. Still couldn’t beat Trump
VK yes they cheated READ this....http://usnewstoday.world/breaking-4-million-democrat-votes-were-just-declared-fraudulent/ …
Mr. President, maybe right now isn't the best time?
I do not know why people feel the need to troll the Clintons.  I am grateful for their service.
I'm not trolling them. I voted for Hillary and was in high school when Bill was President, but I would have voted for him. Doesn't mean he has a really dangerous history with women that's worth considering after recent events. We believe Moore's accusers and not his?
He already paid his price...move on
Thank You! That's what I'm saying. He already paid his debt to society. Let's focus on what's going on right now. Not what he did years ago in the past. It's not about him anymore. It's about these bad guys we gotta get out of office right now.
#TrumpRussia makes Bill's Oval Office Blow Jobs look like a Ladies Lunch on the #HousewivesofNewYork 
There is nothing anyone has on Trump. What do you think you have? 
Bwaaaaaaaaaaaaaahahaha  #GoodTryButNo
You mean President singular?
Get rid of California and HRC no longer won the popular vote. Like it or not, Donald Trump is OUR PRESIDENT. HRC should have campaigned, instead of running on a delusion of “entitlement.” 
We have never, in this country’s history, ever elected a president based solely on the popular. Never

Now learn some history
Remember when you were both lying during an interview about you being a sexual predator and a light fell on Hilda's head? #memorylane #whathappened
Hillary sounds like a hooting owl 
While we're reminiscing, remember how Hilly smeared Gennifer Flowers said it was her "15 minutes of fame" called her a liar and then for some reason compared her to the daughter of an African American felon? Seems racist and not very supportive of women? #memorylane #ImWithHer
Important people watch these videos, they need to understand she's been a demented liar her whole life, that way they'll understand what she's capable of, i.e. what the DNC was capable of when it was her against Bernie.
Yes and she still lied and rigged the primary.

I’m watching. Hillary has to become president . She is our best and only option to save America and undo the mess this administration is causing. #InstallHillary #Hillary2020
Rape survivor Kathy Shelton might disagree.
A round of applause to u,u voted a sexual pervert and predator and a Russian puppet and made him the most powerful man in the world...kudos
Lol thank you for the applause.  Kathy Shelton was 12 when she was brutally raped. You can learn her story at this GoFundMe (I do not know who set it up).
https://www.gofundme.com/kathyshelton 

FYI, we had several candidates running for president, not just two.
Please do
How many criminal acts will be committed tonight?!
We will find out when Muller is done. We've got 3 so far hopefully he gets them all.

And they are.  And they are all consenting adults. Move on
The original sex predator
The original best actress of the year award goes to... Ken Starrs star witness

DemoncRATS are evil!
Clever, Cynthia. You’re truly the first person to ever associate “rats” with “Democrats.” You should be a creative writer with that type of outside the box thinking.
We need answers on what really happened to Juanita Broaddrick. 

This isn't something that just goes away.
Juanita Broderick under oath said Clinton did nothing to her. She even signed a legal document saying so. When she can lie she lies, but when it becomes a legal statement she changes her tune. Clinton had several consensual affairs nothing illegal.
Hmm. Seems trump was part of this. At least two teenage girls have accused him of rape. Then there's the other 14 women.
No they disappeared because of death threats. But they are asking for an investigation now. And we can't wait. Long overdue.
He's a mobster.trafficking and laundering.obstruction. It's all coming,you better get prepared for reality.
Wish you didn’t! Do you realize how many lives have be ruined by these criminals?
Yup the 1% were ruined im sure 
Bernie just joined the 1% last year and he is continuing his fight for the people. Hes a long time politician and civil rights activist, not lile trump who only cared once a black man was president and trumps kkk dad started rolling in his grave.
Hahaha! Have you even SEEN all of his numerous interviews about the country over last 40 YEARS?  Obama had nothing to do with his desire to run, as he has considered it for many years.  The country practically begged him to run for decades! Even Oprah asked if he wld run. Ugh.
Really? Is Oprah an authority on candidates?
Love you President Clinton. Always will. Be Blessed 
Why? What did he do that was so wonderful? He’s about as corrupt as they come
Economic growth, job creation, drop in Inflation, declined poverty rate, consecutive budget surplus’, welfare reform…
Forced the legislation on the banks that caused the housing meltdown down that damn near collapsed the world economies.
That was a bipartisan decision made by Congress.
Name me any president you think was good and I'll list their mistakes. He left office with one the highest approval ratings in US history & America prosperous and stable. He might not be a good person, but he was a good president.
Why does everybody forget you left office with all the bills paid and no deficit to speak of. The Republican felt the need to cut taxes and to start a war. Thus the deficit.
Let's see.. Clinton enacted the assault weapons ban which led to the Dems losing the House for the first time in 45 years. Newt Gingrich became speaker, and FORCED Bill Clinton to do welfare reform, and upheld the Reagan tax cuts. History is a thing, Read some.
I don’t have to read history I was there
So was I. You must have been hittin' the pipe.
Good to know you and Hillary will be in the same room together in 2017. Stay safe Bill

Picking up chicks is what inspired you, Bubba.
You are kidding right?  This is s joke, right?
Why a joke?  He is back to where he started.
Yes please discuss Mr President why you signed NAFTA and WTO into law that made possible my former employer to ship my job, a union job by the way, overseas for cheaper labor. Thank you for selling out the American Workers and making “Made in China” possible.
Will any of your victims be invited ?
Oh good grief. GO AWAY!



Don't forget to drag those $100 bills around to get people to pay attention
Well @HillaryClinton you're married to a cheater and pedophile. Might was to choose your words carefully lol
Don’t stop thinking about tomorrow. 
Fleetwood Mac is on the radio as I read this (different song, though)
Which song?
It was Gypsy
So I’m back to the velvet underground...
Money and Women. Wasn't it Bill?
#BillClintonIsArapist
Will you be bringing a cigar?
Lol


Bill Clinton is trending.

Just going to leave this here 
Let's revisit keeping the nuclear bomb out of North Korea. Wait. Oops.

https://www.facebook.com/TheTrumpRepublicans/videos/552291248449203/ …
#WeKnow what happened to your secret service at #Waco.  I suggest u read Zero-Hedge, they wrote an article just for your wife.
Have you NO shame?  You the snake Carville and your beast of  a wife have destroyed our culture.  Thanks to your big bad BJ in our precious Oval Office. Disgusting!
Grifters. Liars. Serial predator . Enabler . You fleeced this country and stole furniture from the WH. Worst SOS ever . Machveiallian plotters.  Vile . Evil .   Be gone .
Bill Clinton never apologized for his sexual offences yet Hillary Clinton blabbing on demanding Moore and Trump do so even though zero proof they actually did wrong.

Disgusting dirty Democrats = Clintons
https://twitter.com/trump45_prez/status/932774477376770048 … #MAGA
#MUSLIMUSA https://twitter.com/amymek/status/932295135286693888 …
Didn't realize public service meant that the public served you. Not a bad gig when the public donated half a billion so Bill could fly private and Chelsea got a $3M wedding.
Well, if you drag a dollar through a trailer park......
LMAO.
So happy @morningmika  just spoke out about you ! You are the reason Trump is in the WH ! Your husband did not live by decent rules when he was in the White House
u forgot he was impeached and law license revoked. He was punished. No need to relitigate.
Hillary’s reaction and behavior after losing the presidency has been a set back for women in politics. No MAN who has lost has ever continued blaming everything under the sun for their loss the way Hillary has. It’s been a YEAR! STOP!
Rapist. Serial sexual predator . How many trips to Epstein' island?  CF is money laundering op. Clinton Crime family is done . Be gone .
Since you are going back in time anyway, is now a good time to make apologizes for lies you told to the American people, and the shame you caused our country?
Look back at the 2016 campaign. Look like that went well. #MAGA
#BillClintonIsARapist
Bill Clinton is accused of sexual assault by four new women 
The ideals which led both of you into "public service" was self-service, greed, the ability to rape, pillage, plunder, and murder without paying for your crimes. We know, Slick Willy. We know what you've done and will never forget. Hell is waiting for both of you.
What is this the jelly of the month club? Do all former presidents do this? Do all losing candidates write books about what happened? No, just the Clintons.
Did you discuss #DickingBimbos ??

You look so embarrassed.
Why is Crooked Hillary even given a platform to speak at? She should be locked up for her endless string of scandals. My favorite tweets from @POTUS are the ones focused on locking this snake up! 
I have said the same thing. He looks very embarrassed. She is making a fool of herself. Only people without discernment can't see it.
Whatsa da matta yu!
The Mafia still 'acting' as if they have power 
#WhiteWater
#MenaAK #Contras #DrugRuns
#ClintonBodyCount 
#ClintonFoundation #HaitiDonationFraud
#UraniumOne #RussianCollusion
#DNCCorruption #ElectionFraud
etc

AND #TrumpIsStillYourPresident
AND #HillaryWillNEVERBePresident
I did not have sexual relations with that woman
or I can grab em by the pussy anytime I like. You can do that when u r famous.
Action and talk are different lmao
pretty slimey. https://www.buzzfeed.com/amphtml/kendalltaggart/teen-beauty-queens-say-trump-walked-in-on-them-changing …
Proven lie by a witness try again lol
16 women accused trump of sexual assault. He admired on tape he takes what he wants.
Innocent until proven guilty here in the USA
sorry but when you have multiple accusers and witnesses and audio, u r what u say u r.
No need to. The quick and less excruciating answer is greed. When will you two go away?
You both are going down. I think I hear sirens.
Why?  We have been trying to forget it for the past 25 years. Please take Hillary and retire from public. We are not that into you.
#ItTakesHillaryToRAZEaVILLAGE #LOCKherUP #HillarysWarCrimes #HillarysRefugeeCrisis https://twitter.com/MikeGravel/status/759433673158426627 …

Yes Bill let's go down memory lane this was the first time America should have put the Clinton crime family in jail
Hilary is a traitor
James Carville? Ah yes. I'll never forget his inspirational and liberal quote about the Paula Jones scandal: "Drag a hundred dollar bill through a trailer park, you never know what you'll find."
Don't forget to blame Fox news for your wife not getting elected.
More like Wikileaks and John Podesta 
You have time for this but not for the Foundation u closed about a month after the election? Interesting timing. We “get” it.
They closed a big part of it. Tell me, why isn’t Hillary working at her Foundation full time instead of selling a book? No power left to sell.
Wall Street analyst Charles Ortel estimates Clinton Foundation fraud to be in the $Ts
Bill. Put a fork in it will ya? You are finished. Done. Finito. Dems are deserting you in droves. The Clinton machine is dead!
remember this HRC? You called us deplorables, O called us clingers & said the election couldn't be rigged. Find out the dem. did rig it and you still LOST. Also You are not a womens advocate after ruining the lives all of Bill women on the side. You are done, go away please
25 years later the Dems have realized that you are no longer useful in their party. Because of O HRC getting thrown overboard again. 
#Rapists & #Murderers @BillClinton & @HillaryClinton
I wanted to come see u two. It filled up to capacity immediately so I couldn’t . Please do another talk together soon. #ImWithHer
Yes, lets look back @ ur campaign @BillClinton,& all the women who accused u of rape, sexual battery, & harassment. Then @JamesCarville could offer to drag a dollar bill through a trailer park before you move on to how @HillaryClinton stood up for women who "deserved to be heard"
#LockHerUp
Lmao
Who cares Slick Willie
Dicking bimbos. Funniest words ever spoken by Colin Powell.
Next they'll jump on Colin Powell for calling women bimbos.


@HillaryClinton , why does your Twitter profile still state FLOTUS , shouldn't it read Former First Lady? You need to fix this. There is only one @FLOTUS

Hahahahaha! This is great...wish I could've been there to help mop-up the 'river of tears' from all the #DerangedDemocrats suffering from #TrumpDerangementSyndrome! #MAGA
The inspiration for "public service" is blatantly clear to those who lived through it and paid objective attention; greed and corruption. Many lives destroyed. Clinton Foundation coffers full. Yeah, we know.
Let's talk about this! #slickwilly #billclintonisarapist
I hope there's time 2 include how stupid we all felt for ever supporting you once the truth of your policies came out. YOU collapsed of our economy, YOU put thousands of blacks in prison for slave labor, YOU got away w/predatory abuse, YOU wiped out thousands of small businesses.
Most of that is just Inaccurate. Lots of that was W Bush.
You are delusional. I was a kid back then and even I know the above tweet is 100% true.  Get a clue. #NAFTA would be a good place to start your research.
Rapist
Just what we needed. A family of crooks.
Thank you for all that you have done and continue to do to help our nation. Ignore the trolls. Continue to embrace the positive. #ImWithHer


#sadtweet
BUM
Misfit gathering don't miss it!
How many no shows or how many Russians attended was there lets see the invit list!
25 years from now you should still be in jail. #uraniumone #treason #traitors #billclintonisarapist
According to ur wife u didn't tweet during ur presidency..so tell us with her being a huge moron is that why u cheated on her..
I'll just leave this here
This is what happened. 

Y?
Oh brother! Do you REALLY want to relive that mess you call a Presidency! More like an exhumation
OMG now THIS is hilarious!!  I'm wondering what scandals you'll be reminiscing: Sex Scandal, WhiteWater, Betty Broderick, Jennifer Flowers? Please oh please do tell - LMAO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! @FoxNews @Varneyco
Kickbacks, unchecked sexual assault, election rigging, living off the taxpayer, we already know why you got into politics.

My Latest:  Treasure Trove of Documents Tying Russia to Uranium One https://www.hannity.com/content/2017-11-20-sara-carter/#.WhNbyDIbfxo.twitter …
#Mostyn #SethRich #ShawnLucas #Whisenant #DontKillMeHillary #QueenOfCorruption #ClintonBodyCount #ClintonCrimeFamily #Wikileaks
Whitehouse painting
We already know.
Bill definitely wasn't tweeting when the was in the Oval Office!, Hillary!! But you forgot to talk about what he WAS doing. 

#25toLIFE #TheStormIsComing
Just got away and be quiet. No one wants hear what a rapist has to say.
I will I need a good laugh, will #Hillary really be there? Will she be making excuses for her asskicking at #MrTrumps hands, man that woman sucks!

Will Monica be there ??   Or Webb Hubble ? Chelsea sure looks like Webb....
I cannot imagine that you will be talking about the real lucrative deals that really inspired you, young interns notwithstanding.
Carville... another Clinton crony who attacked Bill Clinton's sexual harassment accusers.  He's the one who said (of Paula Jones), "If you drag a hundred-dollar bill through a trailer park, you never know what you’ll find.”  Paula Jones has much more class than either of you.
Our Nation's Constitution is a work in progress . It's Time Americans and Free Press put it to Work for them . Work on unfinished Business of Amer. Democracy .With a must needed Constitutional Amendment for Protection of the American Vote . Written in Stone . JUSTICE AWAIT. TRUMP
No thank you
Would have been better had U NOT BEEN BORN!Your Feeble Minded Blithering will only B laughed at!

Question: Is what Monica Lewinsky did considered public service? Asking for a friend.
4 more accusers.. I hope the got tested! Its bad enough he’s a rapist but he looks like AIDS hasn’t been good to ole Billy!
did she figure out what year Twitter was invented yet?
Looking at your bank statements are ya.
What inspired you both was greed, lies, rape, and how much money you could take for personal use from your foundation! A foundation that is a scam and cover for you illegal shenanigans
The clintons have paid for nothing...
You beeter be more concerned about the #UraniumOneScandal President Clinton. Hillary may just get you behind bars alongside her . . .
Were u inspired by all the women u could "talk to" in the Oval Office by abusing ur power? Is that what inspired u? How about all the "suicides" of ur "friends" that were spilling the beans? Is that what inspired u? Or was it that you could sell our country to the highest bidder!
Be sure to remember the when @JamesCarville said: 
"Drag a hundred-dollar bill through a trailer park, you never know what you'll find"!
FBI informant gathered years of evidence on Russian push for US nuclear fuel deals, including Uranium One, memos show
You+wife+Obama 
STOP YOUR CRAP and ACTUALLY DO A SMOOTH TRANSITION OF POWER YOU OWE IT TO US THE PEOPLE+POTUS++

To hell with the Clinton Crime Family.
Will @JamesCarville drag another $100 bill through the trailer park on the way to the studio?
Whoever spread rumors that the Clintons aren't speaking to each other after the publication of "What Happened" should take a look at this video. They even share a house together! Bill and Hillary are deeply in love. Oh, how the press seems to have lost direction ...
I keep praying for your indictment!!
#MeToo #ClintonBodyCount #ClintonCrimeFamily #SethRich #ShawnLucas #Whisenant #DontKillMeHillary #QueenOfCorruption #JuanitaSaysHi #ShineYourShackles #LockThemAllUp
Money, Greed, Power, am I on the right track????
Nice!
Hey Bill just like Hillary is glad u didn't use Twitter as president we are also glad Lincoln used restraint and didn't nuke the south
That was an interesting interview of the both of you.
Do you have that big of ego that you actually have to celebrate something 25 years ago or perhaps desperate for attention? Since when do we celebrate a 25th anniversary of when someone became president?
"The ideals that inspired us all to enter public service" Would those be the same ideals that inspired you to sexually assault four Women ? Were those the same ideals that inspired you to sully the oval office with Monica? You two really need to go quietly into that good night
Who cares.....The Clinton’s are done
Please spare me 
Public service? Seriously? Self-service is more like it...
Without Ross Perot, Slick Willy doesn't get elected.
Love how your wife's campaign tries to cover up your pay for play donations https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/20665 … … - too bad they were too stupid to delete the emails - this email chain is an interesting read
What ideals?? U guys have ideals?? U sure could have fooled this nation !!!
Oh remember when Hillary stole White House property when her husband's presidency was over? Yea we all do.
GO AWAY!!!
You served the public alright. The female public. Your "ideals" are scary. #metoo
Talk about your son?? Danny. We all know who Georgie was talking about while threatening them on the phone.  "Do you think anyone would believe, he has a black son" good ole' Georgie.
Sadistic and pathetic to have a celebration for a disgraced and impeached ex-president who was also an admitted sexual predator!! I remember watching this unfold in 1999, knew he should have been out of office
Nope, won't be watching.
https://twitter.com/moekamerow/status/932666319555592192 …
SHUT THE FRONT DOOR: @FoxNews MOB wife, Ailes enabler, and fake judge @JudgeJeanine Pirro is a speeding  law breaker, says cops. Well she's fast and loose with the facts too. #LOCKHERUP http://nydn.us/2zUlVT4   via @nydailynews
Please keep it up. We need you and your wife to stay as the face of the Democrat Party. We couldn't wish for anyone better. Well, maybe Al Frankenstein...

BANCO DO NORDESTE NA TV ...NOSO TEMA APOIA
Do they allow tweeting from Guantanamo bay?
We all know about Bill and his women but Hillary & Vladimir Putin need to get a room already.
We all know what your inspiration was...#BillClintonIsARapist
You're deplorable.
Just when we were trying to forget what a corrupt/sick family we let in the White House.
Will you also be discussing your deviant sexual abuse of women?
Please let Hilly know that Twitter wasn't founded until March 2006.  And please, bring HER to heel!
No thanks. Your legacy of womanizing, woman assault and sleazy behavior is certainly nothing to be proud of and it follows you today! And Hillary should never taut that she is a woman's advocate again!!
#MeToo #RAINN
Twitter wasn't around back when he was president, but Monica Lewinsky was...
Is that what you call it? Public Service??  I guess those women did NOT need “servicing!”
Hillary, POTUS can tweet about your ugliness & do his job.  LOL.  You wouldn't be able too.  You couldn't even campaign everyday, always napping...

Mr. Clinton.  I don't know how you've managed to do something so unbelievable for even longer...be married to Hillary.  Don't feel bad about cheating.  Cant think of a man who wouldn't have.
Will @MonicaLewinsky be attending I heard you two spent a lot of time together behind closed doors I also heard that you had a hard time walking after your private meetings with her! Hey @HillaryClinton Did you put that in your book about your husband being a rapist and a cheater
Ideals like luring innocent girls into your den of perverts by saying your a champion for women all the while forcing them to suck your dick.
Sure look back 25yrs at the many more victims you had by the MSM, Dems, Hollywood covering for you.
Good evening plis never see my mother michele the my father obama
You ought to all have a great time revisiting the good old drug and perverted days together. BTW - how's Web Hubbell these days? You should invite him too being he served under your administration & is part of the family. 
http://thegatewaypundit.com/2017/11/senile-hillary-brags-bill-clinton-not-using-twitter-president-5-years-founded/ …  Hillary, if we had twitter back then, perhaps we could have sank him like we did you.
#JamesCarville locked #HillaryClinton in a closet to prevent her from dragging #BillClinton down. Everyone knew she was toxic. After she screwed up healthcare with her bad attitude, she was sidelined to prevent her from screwing up the 1996 reelection effort.
