With top musical talent from Texas & beyond, Deep from the Heart: The One America Appeal Concert promises to be an uplifting, unforgettable night. Bring your friends, family and neighbors, and we look forward to seeing…
Tonight, we're coming together for an unforgettable event helping storm victims begin to heal. Tune in: https://www.oneamericaappeal.org/#livestream 
We are proud to have called you our president.
You were part of what made America great.
When "he" goes low, WE go high! Thank you, President Clinton! 

What a tiny dotard
WH daycare.  
Yes but Trump is in the special needs Department
I'm tuning in just to touch base with normalcy again. Great cause, but you could honestly be selling dog food and I'll be glued.
I can’t even deny that 1/4 of my hope in electing Hillary was the fact that we would have Bill back in the WH.
Right!?
I’ve imagined the things he could have done as first gentleman and his advice to HRC and I have such grief. I wish I was making this up.
You are not alone.
I agree too! I REALLY hope that we have someone to run in the election of 2020! I CAN NOT HANDLE ANOTHER 4YRS OF THAT MANS BS! HE'S ONLY
BEEN THERE 9 MONTHS! THINK WHAT HE'S GOING TO DO BEFORE THIS TERM IS EVEN UP, THAT'S SCARY TO THINK OF! ALL TRUMP THRIVES ON IS NEGATIVITY!
@BillClinton we miss you! We had no idea how good we had it when you were in office. Thank you for continuing to provide leadership!
Haha, it was scheduled 25 years ago to happen now. But yeah, Trump loves to get credit for stuff he didn't lift a finger for.
I give #45 credit for a lot of things. Not a damned one of them is good.
Every thing  President TRUMP  does is excellent
You must realize that sounds ridiculous. No one can do EVERY thing excellently. No one. Not even you dear leader #FatherOrange.
@BillClinton you playing some smooth jazz on your sax?
Have a wonderful time at my alma mater (TAMU) - and thank you!
I will be watching all of you "Real Presidents"
Great minds for great nation....
Nothin but Love and respect for this club of "5".
Will Monica Lewinsky be there?
Grow up and move on
That's right Sai! At least Monica isn't his daughter that he'd like to date...
Thank you!
These 5 have a message for the white supr racist nazi s in the us. You are nothing you are small and you wil never Bring hate.
Please tell me you're coming together to evict the russian con man from our house.
Putin went to Bill's house and gave him Millions for Uranium One deal .
Thank you Mr. President
Love you all because you understand differences but come together for the good.
You have proof?
So grateful for ALL OF YOU !!!!!
Thanks to all of You! I may have not have voted for some of you. But I know you're all great men.
did you invite Danny?
Thank you for thinking of people first. Hope @realDonaldTrump learns something from you all but he is probably  now or blaming your wife.
President Clinton, I truly wish there was something - anything - you and the other four POTUSES could do to set our country upright again.
Your wisdom & knowledge is really missed Sir along with Mr. Obama America is in a dark time. Lunatic destroying US values &global presence.
Definitely looking forward to it!
I will watch with melancholy for the days of when a President was PRESIDENTIAL!
Missing all the former 
Unfortunately if you watch the nightly news it’s clear we as Americans tear each other down more than lift each other up. A nation divided
Just what Russia wanted!
Like I’ve said before, if Russian hackers are mind controlling Americans, then we’re weak minded anyways and deserve to be played like fools
33% are.
Donate some of that Russian money they gave you.
How many sexual predators will be in attendance? Asking for a friend.
Do you deny he didn't sexually assault women and also associate with known sexual offenders like Epstein and Weinstein?
No they were out there prior to him being elected but Dems myself included at the time voted for him anyway.
Good to see past Presidents stepping into the moral leadership void created by Trump.
So impressed how these Presidents are pulling together to keep us together. Just when you least expect it, a miracle happens. #42 #43 #44
& Carter #41 Thanking each of you collectively on your success raising 31m 4 #HurricaneRelief #DisasterRelief #DisasterRecovery #PuertoRico
Thank you all for reminding American what REAL Presidents do.
Thank you all former Presidents doing this event to help fellow Americans. This is what unity looks like. Wish Trump would learn from it.
How will you fellas be dividing the money between your foundations? Not using the Haiti disaster relief as a plan, I hope.

These men did not leave America better than when they found her.
The FUCK.
Wishing we had a president in the White House..
Wait until Thanksgiving & Christmas.  Then, we'll all see how Trump can make himself obnoxious focus of attention when peo just wan-a break.
U need to invite president Trump...
You are missed. Thank you for all you continue to do for us.
Bill is a true leader genuine
You all served us so well. Thank you for being a fine President.
Please help save our democracy and nation from the executive and legislative branches. Please. They are tearing our nation apart
Hand Deliver The Funds,, materials and supplies in person to those in need! They will never reach the NEEDY, Economic Justice For ALL US A
Bill Clinton is a Rapist!
Is there a tv network carrying the concert? What time?
It says 7:00 p.m., but no network is mentioned.
Yes.  8:00 p.m. EST.  7:00 p.m. CST.

#Yemen #Somalia #MONEYMONEYMONEY @HillaryClinton @ChelseaClinton U SHOULD ALL BE INCARCERATED! #TRUMP is YOUR FAULT! #USA #bombs EVERYONE!
Good stuff from you my dear friend.
 Thank you, my dear Gilberto! They make it easy, don't they?! Peace and love to you always! 
! I'm fighting two fronts: 1. Against the terrorist israel regime. 2. Sexual assault against women, girls.Check some on my number 2 tweets.
I wonder if America didn't have such poor leadership right now! Would this be necessary! I have to say thank you to these POTUSES!

So very nice. Thku President Clinton and all . We were so very fortunate to have you and President Obama in our most sacred WH..
It’s remarkable that most Americans would love to draw a name from a hat and welcome ANY of you back into the White House.

I am tweeting this with tears in my eyes because no matter the party, the Office of the President was of knowledge, integrity, & patriotism
This is how presidents should work...together ... for the best the world applauds you all
Great!!🖒
So exciting to have all 5 living past Presidents together again !

Thank you all for inserting some normalcy of peace and compassion #BarackObama #BillClinton #carter #bush's
Look at that photo of some "REAL PRESIDENT'S" THAT PHOTO MAKES ME PROUD TO BE AN AMERICAN, SOMETHING I HAVEN'T FELT IN A VERY LONG TIME!
Great  Men. Great  Presidents. . These Wonderful men are American Presidency Heroes. .. thank god
Wonderful idea!
Bests Regards from Belgium  
We miss you!!!!
5 former POTUS Are raising money for hurricane victims. Trump is busy golfing and attack tweeting  widow and Rep Wilson. Think about that
Yes. Let's all join in. It's time.
I love the presidential picture I cannot even fathom  that freak of a man sitting in the White House will become a part of History. Tragic!
Mark on Twitter I get angry I say things but then I feel bad. The Donald brings out the worst in everyone doesn't mean
You inspire a country. Thank you, legitimate presidents.
God bless America!
Amen to that.
Gentleman thank you for standing up and speaking out. Leaders should inspire and respect citizens, even if they have a different opinion.
Sad that the former Presidents must step up because @realDonaldTrump is too busy golfing & tweeting to solve problems.
All past Presidents 5 of them! Can these guys all step in for the US for we have no president and we need one hell 5
You look great Bill.great for what you have done since you left office.great work for the people.
We're always stronger together.. thank you Mr President 
They all can come back, they can alternate every 3 months; it's something to respect and appreciate these of honor #therealfive
This country could sure use lifting up together. Thank you for being a part.
Thank you for the good you do 
Like what?
Clinton Foundation? Speaking up for persecuted Americans?
 what about Haiti? Do you actually know what they did there?  U need to do some research. It's all a guise. The Clintons are corrupt
I want to donate to Puerto Rico
Contact UMCOR. 100% of all donations goes to disaster relief.
I'm also so proud of the previous POTUSES banding together to stand as one! Is there anyway you guys can get Trump to resign!? Seriously!
5 legitimate living presidents working together. The 6th is the amateur who is already destroying the nation.
We need more of lifting each other up than ever before. Good job our former heads of state.
I’m looking forward to @grahnort ‘s full interview with Hillary tonight 
Amazing getting to hear all five living presidents speak right now during this concert for relief. What a treat. #OneAmericaAppeal
I love you sir barack

So strange having presidents who don’t feel the need to brag, lie or demean people outside of their base. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
@Bush41
WHO IS PRESIDENT CAN MAKE AMERICA BACK TO THE BIBLE AND BACK TO GOD???
I know it's in the interest of charity, but please don't let that crook Trump anywhere near your efforts. Thank you.
Proud to see all of these former presidents tonight.
You are among the worst presidents in history
God Bless  Bill,  Barack,  George 1 and 2, and the amazing Jimmy!! You have inspired all at one level or another!!
Thank you 5 wonderful president s
Thank you all for your commitment and love for the World!...
Thank you to my former Presidents...ALL of you make Americans proud!!!
#onenationunderGod
Proud to see our Presidents working together.
You know what? Since entering the seven levels of hell, I have not one complaint against any of those presidents.
Wonderful work against Donald "Destructive" Trump! Go for it! Thanks to all democratic, human minded people!
God Bless you guys!

This effort makes me feel proud of America and privileged to be an American.
But you know it's killing him. :)
Deposits to the same banks as the Haiti funds?



mommy;

You & wifey @HillaryClinton SHUD BE IN JAIL #Pig #Liar #warcriminal #Hypocrite #Thief #Haiti #Benghazi #Iraq #Afghanistan #SethRich #sudan
Some more good stuff my dear friend. Let's add uranium1 sale, transfer to Russia.
Sadly this does not shock anyone They'd probably sell their grandchildren to highest bidder! Never #Clinton #Bush #Trump AGAIN #USA PLEASE!
Don't ever let the Dumpster fire in that Sacred club. He does not belong with real leaders.
Thank you sir for being a beak of light inthe time America desperately needs leadership and heart.
Still spouting absolute rubbish. The man who set the banks free and established the private prison business.
Trump went golfing. Thank God. I think I would puke seeing his fat ass standing beside them.
don't regret Americans.The president were chosen by u.
Watching this incredible show and supporting with my 
@realdonaldtrump would like to toss some paper towels. Says they're really soft. The softest ever. Would that help?
Thanks to each of you for being Great Men and Leaders. Would you please say more in opposition to the Trumpian America and his disrespect.

Corruption? Let's talk about the current Potus.
Ok
This nation can never thank the five of you enough you have done so much for the relief and I'm glad it's just the five of you
The Real President's Club...doing the right thing
Will be tune in

America's real Presidents who truly cares about all of US and not just the Rich like #45 Repubs are doing nothing Good for the Country


I was 35 years old when Bill Clinton, Ark. Attorney General raped me and Hillary tried to silence me.  I am now 73....it never goes away.

women abuser 
Real Presidents stand together for something good,for the good of our country.Disagree with them as you will,but they're helping all of us!
Look at that lineup of crooked LIARS. Wow.
I'd be happy to stare at 39-44 sit on a stage doing nothing.
The adults in the room banned toddlers from their party. Poor Trumpy, no one wants to play with him.
Have you forgotten that, as president, Bill Clinton LIED under oath?  And that’s not even the worst thing he’s done!  Please take off your rose colored glasses, people, and live in the truth. Sheesh. You all are so sad. Truly, and utterly sad. #UraniumOne
Thank you
E PLURIBUS URANIUM
Thank you, sir, from a displaced Texan.
See you there! (From Section 121) 
Wait for me! I'm coming with Meat Loaf and Ted Nugent! Maybe Kid Rock too!
Thank you for not invited @realDonaldTrump. He doesn't deserve the honor.
Yes,  together works!

The five of you could take him!!! DO IT! DO IT!!
I've been checking from time to time to see if there has been any donations delivered yet to the people. Have not found anything, anyone????
America has spoken, and we won't be silenced by your distractions. Lift each other up? Come on, you mean take our $$. WE r already lifted.
THIS IS LIKE SETTING THE TABLE FOR A MASTER CRIMINAL,,,,,,,,BUBBA CRIMINAL CLINTON SHOULD BE IN JAIL,,,,,
Really, proud?? Neither you nor Bush 43 were singing the National Anthem. Everyone else was. Give us a break. #stopgrandstanding
Thank you
i am really like obama
@lorenalouise08
we miss each of you! 45 has scared the hell out of us! Wish the  5 of you could help us out of this mess and keep your presence active
And the 5 remaining living presidents, have it well in hand.
The only President that isn't a crook in your line-up is  Mr. Jimmy Carter!
Thank u soo much for being here for us. Is @HillaryClinton going to  be there?
please have CNN News announce the time and channel the concert will be on .
To see 5 evil men, no way, I  love President Trump.
Great ideas from this five brilliant Ex president can improve ideology and political thinking?
Thank you for coming together in unity for my state.
Thank for your service to our country.

I hope Trump's not invited. Looking forward to this.
Please help us!
I love that you guys are hanging out now #realpresidents #oneamerica
Love ya @BillClinton and @HillaryClinton. Peace!!
AWESOME
I think of you quite often and what a wonderful leader you were President Clinton The state of our country now Is very sad
is it me or it sounds like “repeal?”
I am proud to see all five Presidents..standing together...in unity...TY...
Good to see a real president again

Wish I could be you thank you for uniting this country
Please don’t let you know who speak via video. 
We As we are you one love cheratone kinshasa the same time others may guv..
I’m proud of you 5!!
See you there!
Was never your biggest supporter even as a democrat but I’d take you back any day.
I just glad #DotardTrump was not there.
THE WEAK PLAY GOLF WHILE THOSE WHO CARE GIVE TO OTHERS!
These celebrity-ridden displays help no one (except maybe advertisers). How about some real, tangible assistance?
Thank you, Mr. President, for your service as leader of the free world!
Lift me up daddy
