Ya and your great Country is honored to have you as great servants to your great Country people of America Bill well done you done amazing job and prosperity to your people and people around World special to Kosovo democracy is  for world example how to react for freedom democrac
Thanks, @BillClinton. It was a privilege to serve our nation with you for those 8 yrs. Along with our team, we were able to do a lot of good for a lot of people.
We wish #metoo emerged back then by @MonicaLewinsky as it cld have saved many girls and women to come by creating awareness and from any possible abuse . Mr.Gore ,you will go down as the finest Presidential candidate America never had

Thank you!!! You were outstanding!
He did a great job put us in black for the first time ever!!
Replace "our great country" with "the Deep State"
What else is it the anniversary of? Hmmm...


How would you know you where to busy with your pants down
I bet you are....it was like a crime spree
Why?
You should be grateful you're not in prison. Al too. And Hillary.
MAGA!
You gave us mass incarceration, Wall St deregulation, NAFTA & welfare "reform." U were a neo-lib disaster for the middle class and the poor.
Do some fact checking. Easily obtained on google. Extremely good economy. Best time of my life in regards to income & savings.
That's right; Wall Street LOVED neo-lib Bill. YOU ask the incarcerated, the million jobless (NAFTA) and homeless (Wall St. deregulation).
There was a huge increase in Federal funding for prisons which was bad. But the Control Act also created COPS and expanded criminal and juvenile justice prevention initiatives.  States were also culpable in expanding the prison industrial complex.
Thank you Bill, we need you now!!
Not perfect, but light years better than any R since Ike
You both were amazing leaders. We need your wisdom & intellect to guide the leader we currently have.
me too Bill I wish you could take over the new guy not my President at all!!
Just wear a short dress he'll find ya
Yes, but he's not like that all the time you have to show you respect yourself!!
I voted for you & #AlGore in my first election when I was eligible. Thanks for elevating the middle class and being the President for Gen X.
I remember how he used to bust out with his sax sometimes.  He was pretty good!  Loved him, he rocked.
Yes same here!  For a young buck like myself, I thought he was the coolest cat around! 
Impeachment is forever.
It was a day from Hell that lasted 8 horrible years.
Did you forget you were Impeached?  I haven't .
@michaelshure @algore Did you also wake up ashamed of Hillary corrupted the whole primary?
I remember this. I was 20 and it was the first time I ever voted. Remember seeing you campaigning in my neighborhood in NY.
How many women have you raped since then? How many have you have killed since then?
During these trying times, thanks for helping us remember we had statesmen that knew how to act presidential. Wish Hill & you were in the WH
You are greatly missed! Thank you for your service.
My husband passed & the letter I received was signed by you. I was grateful...you did great things. Miss you as Pres. God bless!
You guys did a great job!
Please run again.
Amen.. you were a good president.. God bless you
@Babanasidi01 @algore time really flies you got me counting years back
We literally have never missed you more. Holy shit.
Don't read the comments.  Don't read the comments.  DAMN, I read some of the comments.
Loved you're presidency
Slick Willie you are one murderous, lying, pervert with no morals whatsoever! You and your senile alcoholic wife need to be locked in Gitmo!
Thanks, President Clinton. You, Hillary, and AL are all my heros! Bless u all! Xo aka CAPTAIN HILLster, Proud Clintonian Democrat
Miss you Bill,but this time Hillary should have been POTUS
You guys changed my life. I drove across the country, volunteered on transition & got hired. It was an honor and a privilege to serve w you.
Bill also changed her life.
Thanks for your good work as POTUS.
Can we have Gore and Biden run in 2020?
PLEASE GOD!
You was a great president !!Miss having you a our president
If only we could return to those more peaceful days. Best wishes, Mr. President & Mr. Vice President
And we were honored to have you lead us. And how GRATEFUL we would all be if you could do it again.
Come back bro! You and @BarackObama = a dream team!! 
Oh how I wish you were tweeting this from the Whitehouse
And it was an honor to serve you, Mr. President @BillClinton
I wish you can be elected AGAIN! Thank you for your service
#Globalgoals Good morning Mr. #Clinton.
F*** you rapist.
Launched war in Europe. The starter of the US decadence.
We miss you Bill. And more than you know.
You also signed #DOMA & #LGBT might have forgotten but I havent you nearly Killed @Ediewindsor_ took much energy for her to #win for us all
Thanks Bill for everything you've done and continue to do
We were honored to have you as president sir. Thank you for all the good you continually do thru the foundation & CGI.
Thank you for your service. We miss you
How about waking up to Monica
Wow those years flew by. Thank you President Clinton for 8 wonderful years.
What you woke up alongside Al Gore......?
I wish you could be president again. Thanks for your service Bill!
Thank you for your service ~
Thank you!!
Thank you, Mr. President.  Thank you for serving our county so well.
Thank you President Clinton for your continued service to our nation!
So happy to have voted and support ed you.
My life was enhanced during your Presidency  Thanks for your Service and accomplishments
Unfortunately not all Americans were happy with your presidency, but you didn’t see us in the streets destroying  shit
wished you were never born; a better world without you and your family.
An era. A team. 

Has it been that long?
I am honored to have voted for you twice, Mr President! Thank you for your service to our country.

ME TOO!
We were the lucky ones!  Congrats to you and Mr. Gore
25 yrs since that amazing night in Little Rock? This pic in the State House immediately after GHWB called to concede. Airline Pilots say THX
Sir, you were a terrific Gov. and President!! I know several public school teachers that you helped!
Thank you!!!
Two of my Favorites! 
Your standards are rock bottom, or maybe you identify with perverts and liars.
Let’s bust out the cigars Bill!
And met Monica.........
Miss those days of real presidency and a WH working for the common good.
We miss you both dearly mr President
I come in US 95, salute having my #RoleModel President @BillClinton #PartnerForChange w/ @AlGore #AMERICA economy successfully progressive.
Too bad you raped & got impeached so your legacy is you were a womanizer with big problems.

Wow!! happy that the presidency gave you a blank check to be a cheater and a abuser and not being punished.
It’s been 25 years?! Man I feel old. You were the first president I was able to vote for. And I was so excited you won.
A great leader, symbol of democracy,  you lead the World. The Economy was better, We admire and pray for your long life and prosperity.
Corruption at its finest and 25 years on.
We made money hand over fist 
Thank you from the bottom of my heart 
#WeAreHillary 
#StrongerTogether 
#StillWithHer
#FightForDemocracy
Just you waking up is a miracle, since CROOKED H is your wife!
Great to have you as president then
Great
We miss you and your family sir!
Aww the anniversary of your sperm stain. The time you spilled a potential clinton on someone's dress.
We miss you!
You were a GREAT president!
I miss you both and Hillary Sssoooo much!
I am grateful that you did!
Thank you for you service, Sir.  It was an honor to cast my first vote for you.
had problem voting that year. suddenly wasn't registered. daughter first time voting had to vouch for me.  Coincidence not at all GOP
You served alright, this Country a bag of Lies & Disgrace. Grateful to God your partner didn't get to Serve us up more.
We love & miss you too!
Wish you were in the WH!!!!!!
Grateful to have had you Mr President
Much better times! Thank you, sir.
What I wouldn't give to have you back!
My first presidential election. I was a senior at Duke and I was so excited excited to cast that ballot for you!
Remember that night in LR.  Walking toward the State House and seeing the motorcade on Broadway & 7th.  Great music in 1996 on the river
Thank you for making the 90's a good decade for America President Clinton! #42
CHIEF LIER IN ACTION - I DID NOT HAVE SEXUAL RELATIONS WITH THAT WOMAN - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KiIP_KDQmXs …
Oh okay...
Grateful & honored to have you! Very proud of that vote!
Thank you!
It was the most prosperous & safest time in my life. Thank U 4 ur service.
Yeah!! And look at us, now! I sure hope Trump packed his Golf Clubs!!??

Waking up today, still grateful your wife wasn't elected.
We love you so much Mr.President thanks for the 8 great years!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8CSThCo8h7A&t=3s … @_worldEvolution
I miss Bill. I was there at the Old Statehouse to hear your first acceptance speech! A great night!!!!!
I bet she doesn't miss him. And she supported him until this:
You were the first President I was able to vote for! You made me so proud of my vote! Thank you!
So how is the kickback for dirty money?  Makes for a wonderful breakfast.
You were he first President I could vote for out of High School 
What were you doing waking up beside @AlGore ?
You were better than  strump. That from Canada.
Wishing I were waking up this morning grateful that @BillClinton & @algore were in the White House today. Thank you for 8 GREAT YEARS!
What is"is"? You made Head not sex.Thanks slick Willie
Thank you for your service.
And impeached!
can't believe we still haven't met yet!
D World is at peace wen u were there
Thank you for your service Mr. President. We yearn for yesteryear
Would love to put you back in the WH - this current admin is bat$hit crazy. 
Truly missed!
You guys need to lay low for a bit. Remove the lightning rod and the strikes will fizzle.    A successful ambush starts with good hiding.
He is good at ambushes:

Don't remind me that's when the nightmare began
Sure helped you line your pockets.
Happy anniversary, Bill. Have a cigar! Good thing Al Gore invented the internet, or you couldn't use Twitter!
We know how you got there bill. Contra and cocaine  gray matter and charm a hillbilly mobster. You can't clear it with the Lord bill.
I was so hoping you would be serving again in capacity of nation's first First Gentleman.
My first presidential vote!
How i wish you were still POTUS
@Donnalee711 @algore Gore won.
Come on back Bill, we will let you run again.
miss you bill.  Storm the castle bill. Pull your dick out your sax hole and go golden shower Trump like a gd master.
Well we miss you / at the moment No words can describe whats in the Oval Office
You were impeached such a sexual predator maybe bc who u were married to. Poor women
greatest president ever shoulda been king
Monica SERVED you, you naughty boy!!
And we were honored to have you serve as our president. You are missed.
Yea, thanks to you, we no longer vote for career politicians
All good and well, but you forgot Socks III+I/II's birthday again.

~Socks IV+III/IV
Thanks for making me feel old!
Ya we were all blown away! Especially Monica
You were a great President. Thank you.
My market account grew to over $100,000. while you were in office.  Six months after Bush got in and I lost most of it (Great Recession).
Remember when we had intelligent mature men in the White House? Good times. We miss you guys!
And you gentlemen are both truly missed!
My first Presidential vote!!!
He was not morally perfect while in office but he was a great president for both parties and the nation.
And we were honored to have you. Looking forward to seeing you in CA
You will always be known for being a GREAT POTUS and bringing jobs to millions of people! We miss you as our president! 
Congratulations
Such a great day. I went to President Clinton's first inauguration.
Fortunately for America, your wife can't gloat about this! #NOTWITHHER
You influence the world during your reign. A global leader per excellence. Bless you.
