My Global Politics Professor at Univ. Of Minnesota, Michaela (Michelle) was from Romania. I remember her feelings.
Hi @BillClinton Catalonia need your support. Free Catalonia
As a Kosovan i support the Catalan people! #FreeCatalonia
Thanks Donat!! So gelous of your victory!
Ull get it one day just like us i promise! #ViscaBarça #FreeCatalonia

Congratulations!
FUUUUUCK YOU!
thanks.
Tell the Truth- the exoneration of Slobodan Milosevich in 2016,  a man accused of the worst of crimes, genocide Everything you and Blair did there was for the purpose of using Kosovo as a strategic pown. Tell the truth how thanks to you US led NATO bombed Serbs based on lies.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HTjgPWhFIPE …
lol
We love you Mr.Bill Clinton , you gave us a chance to live peacefully and have a better future , you and the Allies , we can never repay you for what you did here in Kosovo
terroristterroristterroristterroristterroristterroristterroristterroristterroristterroristterroristterroristterroristterroristterroristterroristterroristterroristterroristterroristterroristterroristterroristterroristterroristterroristterroristterroristterroristterroristterrorist
https://soundcloud.com/elithamedic/c-prod-by-elithamedic …
Mr.  William Zippergate, the last thing you will see at the last moment of your life will be blood of killed serbians.  Congratulations.
you are a terrorist who support ISIS in Kosovo
jsui daccor avc le fond de ske tu dis mais ISIS c en Syrie c tou gros

Your policies ruined that country.

Still no chair in the UN, Billy. Your Frankenstein monster is rotting.






Thanks Billy for concerns and commitments to independence in other countries while Americans are loosing theirs. How much money did you and Hillary get for your foundation on that one. Good riddance.
#civilianmassacredespitetruce
 You will forever have a place in every Albanian hearts! You truly are our Hero!  Faleminderit!


Wish the same could be said of the ppl of Waco tx! How you & Janet never went too prison? Shame on you for allowing that

Respect for life for you and Hillary you saved my people of genocide vomits by Serbia, that god blesses you the Klinton family.
Is @HillaryClinton still suffering from ptsd after the shooting in Kosovo?
..!.. u
Indipendence? HAHAHAHA. They are your puppet state. They cannot as much as fart without consulting #Washington. Not to mention that I will forever hate you and your country for those 78 days of bombing.
Tic tock Q anon....

Hey Bill, is your wife still chilling at Cedar Rapids?


250 people killed in the last 2 days in #EasternGhouta due to aerial and ground bombardments of #Assad and its allies. #SaveGhouta…
That’s when it was ok to support a recognised terrorist group and bomb a sovereign state. Serb cemeteries, monasteries and churches being ruined daily since.
A lot of fake likes on this tweet
THE CLINTON BODY-COUNT | WHAT REALLY HAPPENED http://www.whatreallyhappened.com/RANCHO/POLITICS/BODIES.php#axzz57b5ns5ur …
The Clinton Body Count


You are still so handsome!
keep blessings  always
17 bodies I wonder what organization did that was it yours
KOSOVO IS SERBIA
The “people of Kosovo” are irrevocably bound to Mother Serbia! That’s an incontrovertible reality! KOSOVO IS SERBIA, you merciless monster! Kosovo will eventually be returned to the Eastern Orthodox Serbian people & your name will go down in history as that of a demonic criminal!

Quel con ce Clinton! Tu peux être fier de toi, « Bill the rapist » comme dit @realDonaldTrump d’avoir donné l’indépendance contre le droit international aux gangstérisme de l’ UCK #KOSOVO
"I did not have sexual relations with that woman"
Thank you so much! We would of never been able to do it without you. We love you! You are in my heart.
Happy President’s day everyone!!
it was a terrible mistake - generally I support "velvet independence" (Czech Rep. and Slovakia) though Kosovo is now a den of conflict (because it had always been a part of Serbia).
Double standards: independence of Catalonia was suppressed.
Happy Presidents’ Day Mr. Clinton, we miss you at the WH
Had @BillClinton the @POTUS they wouldn't have dared to do even 1% of the atrocities they all are doing in Syria
Thieves.
Can you please help promote my go fund me page or possibly donate? I am in desperate need of help! Please help me!
Hello mr clinton how are you today?l am from Turkey Ankara
Hi
Happy Presidents Day! 

We will be grateful forever Mr President.May god bless you and your family
Happy President Day
Thank you very much president @BillClinton 
God Bless you and USA!
@QamilLezi from Kosovo
I forget. What did you do about gun control when you were in the WH. Less than the number of times you got blown in the WH
Thanks for your service in stopping Genocide and religious persecution in one region. Mission accomplished without sacrificing any service member.
AND TELL MY CHELSEA THAT I WORSHIP HER DEARLY EVEN IF SHE DANCES!!!!!!!!"

YOUR VERY
Good Scandalous episode on Fox News tonite.  They were talking about your "stuff" on Monica's blue dress.
congratulations to Monica Lewinski fir keeping your semen stained dress. watching Fox Scandalous

Good Morning Mr.President.
Thank you Mr. President God bless you. #kosovo10
Who in the hell can trust you or your wife or anyone or thing or what you say .you both lie and can't be trusted at all.the lies and the bull shit and the untruthfulness and all you two have done .Who can believe anything you say
Congratulations Bill, for your exemplary leadership.
Your an idiot and so is your murderous wife.
Slick Willie you must be looking forward to seeing tonight's episode of Scandalous on @FoxNews ...Hopefully you'll be watching with your "love" child @danney_williams and that woman, Miss Lowensky. @HillaryClinton @ChelseaClinton
And Congratulations to Hillary on the 10th Anniversary of surviving that horrendous fake sniper attack

P.S.... congratulations on being responsible for the murder of a half million children while deregulating Wall St
Congrats

As a former soldiers from UÇK(and now, neighbor of yours) that you helped to survive and achieve the goal to bring freedom to the people who have been suppressed by the superpowers of the world for so many years,I want to thank you for all you have done Mr. President
What’s up bill Clinton! I sure did love it when you were the president years back, your a pretty smart guy and hope all is well!
Power te the people of Kosovo if they can keep their democracy in better shape than we're doing.
Kosovo is Serbia and you know it
Thank you, Mr President for having a hand in that process. You are one of the greatest Presidents in American history.
Help Catalonia please!!  Congratulations for Kosovo ! 
Did your wife’s brother end up owning a gold mine there too?
@wikileaks #DeepStateInPanic @neoliberalshil1 @EndlessWars #ClintonFoundation #witchesofinstagram #MarchAgainstMonsanto @Depopulati0n @bankingsense #vaccineepidemic @CIA @phillynewsnow @GazaReports @curecancer1 #mkultra #falseflags #targetedindividuals @Gangstalking8 #policestate
Wesley Clark is a Clinton supporter. Traitor to the Republic
Thank you Mr President for all you did for my country!
Thanks MY President. By helping Kosovo indipendence and democracy, US is paving the way to peace, prosperity and rule of law in Balkans.

Thank you for doing the right thing and standing up to evil. We will forever be grateful to you!! 
Dear bill we know pharma have the cures we are worthy and deserving of those cures #ReleaseTheCures
Ironic how in court Milosevic was found innocent. Wars to cover your own corruption Billy.
What does it mean with these 13 Russians with face book accounts?
You are very silly man
Pervert!!
Thank you for your support!
God Bless you Mr. President!
The good of all people are better because of you and your wonderful wife !! Claudia
Thankyou guys for your many years of public service. I hate all the aweful false things they write about you.Thankfully most people don't believe them.
The role @BillClinton played in Independence for Kosovo is brought to life every day on Bill Clinton Blvd. I loved spotting the Irish flag amongst those of countries supporting #Kosovo
Ti si klingtone brij jedan po suntawily
Monica Lewenski ....
Thanks for paying homage. Grateful for your family!



Good day Mr.President..
Thank you for everything 
МОЖЕШ ДА НАМ ПУШИШ, КЛИНТОНЕ!
#PizzaGate
Inviting Hillary and you Bill Clinton to come play golf at Jacob Golf Course, Located at 351 E.  Willett Dr.
LARAMIE, WY.  82072 JUNE 02, 2018 AT 9AM
Thank you, Sir. I think you raised US (the majority) well... Best parent, ever.
What??? Someone has independence?  I’ll believe it when I see it.
Are you going to tell the same to us when we will be independent? Why you’ve got different approach from Kosovo to Catalunya? Is it the violence on one side and peaceful in ours?
hey Bill,do you think there should be equality in harassment? women claim equality in gender/pay? i know i am asking the wrong person,but seriously nowadays women say its harassment if we ask can you be my friend???? what do you think??
i mean the other thing is that if the girl likes you ,they want to be friends and if they are dumped or if the boy is dumped,then it can go on harassment,so basically they use harassment as advantage,what do you say Bill ?
