
I blocked the lout.
I'm with you Mr. President. Prayers for Coach Popovich and his family. 
Nothing but respect for my president 
RUN FOR PRESIDENT AGAIN IN 2020. I WILL VOTE FOR YOU 
Thank you. One big heavy heart right now in San Antonio.
As a fellow basketball coach I express my deepest sympathies to Coach Popovich and his family. I cannot imagine the anguish of losing my life mate. She is the best part of my life.  Cherish all the memories.
BILL CLINTON. I LOVE YOU SO MUCH. I LOVE YOU A LOT.
YOU AND HILL ARE THE BEST ! 
WE LOVE YOU 
Y’all that are making comments in poor taste, move along. 

Here, in SA, Pop and the Spurs are family. Think how you would feel right now if someone did that to you. 

Show some class, people. Don’t be like that professor yesterday. 

RIP Erin & Mrs. Bush. 
What's wrong with you? The former President of the United States sends condolences and you blast him? Gross! Move along yourself!
I wasn’t blasting him at all. Just the people who were making ugly comments about President Clinton and others. Did you see what some people were saying about him while he was expressing his condolences? Sorry that it looked the wrong way, but certainly NOT what was intended.
STFU   
You STFU. He’s talking about somebody who’s wife died.
If she only had a brain.
Yep,  #Deplorables 
Thoughts and prayers with the Popovich family... as a family man that desperately loves his wife and kids I can’t imagine... god bless.
Love you Mr. President! And Hillary too 
Class!!
#Classs #Respect #Dignity
We appreciate you, Mr President
You were president when I was born 
Sorry, Pop.
So sorry for your loss. Prayers for you and your family.
Stay strong coach !
Yes sir with a great salute to you and your family, all ten fingers up

Well done. Our thoughts are with the entire Popovich family at this difficult time.
Coach Pop????? Lord let me read the news.
I doubt Bill Clinton knows who Popovich is or the the team he coaches.
I bet you could fill a library with what President Clinton knows that you don’t.
You were such a good president and it was an honor to serve with you as our commander in chief
You are also a good human being
Thank you so much my president for reaching out to coach Pop’s family.

Pop, God bless you and your family. We morn with you.
I have total respect for you Mr. President 
Texas 2 step  ...first  Texas 1st Lady ..now Spurs 1st Lady...hmmmm now both on God's Cabinet and Team...
Well said president Clinton.
I agree President Clinton
You are the best
I wish we had a decent person as President today.  We miss the Clintons.  We are dealing with insanity.
One of the greatest coaches ever, and one of the best genuine men in basketball.
It's so sad
Very classy statement. I shudder to think what current potus will tweet if he even knows who Pop is.....
Cant wait for Republicans to joke about a woman dying to make a political point.
I guess you were away from social media after Barbara Bush died? Convenient. #youreafuckingmoron
Respect
I am glad your happy bill Clinton
I am happy he is trying too do something. Then nothing
Love you, Bill Clinton!
Thats very nice. Also, did u or did u not rape juanita broaddrick??
Maybe try some respect when someone is offering prayers to someone else!
I got your campaign slogan. It can be “I did not have sexual relations with that woman.”  notice me senpai
Very inappropriate you dolt
クリントン大統領
Praying for Coach and his family in these hours of mourning the loss of your love one.
Thank you, Mr. President.  This means a lot to me, a devoted Spurs and Pop fan.   My heart is with Pop, his family and all who knew Mrs. Popovich.
Sorry for your loss
SPURS
Hello Mr. Clinton, we lack health issue in Sierra Leone West Africa
YOU ARE EVIL...!
Many prayers to you and your family.
Lovely sentiment Mr president,  may the Lord give  the Popovich family strength in this time of mourning.  God bless us all
We owe you a great deal for your brilliant book
My love to First Lady mrs Clinton
Thank you Mr. Skirt Chaser...you like dem thicker women, dont yah little man.
Thank you Mr President for saying those nice things too my favorite coch

From the leader of the free world as we know it to the leader of the NBA
Cvg
My fav wrk-study job at Pomona College was getting my ass deservedly ripped regularly&good naturedly by Popp. 4 my lame filming/ video taping skills of his practices and games!  Erin always had a warm- wry smile and frequent raised brow,but loving smirk 4 his antics-RIP ERIN P:).
@BillClinton @HillaryClinton sending 

Miss you and Hillary so much, Mr President 

Hello Bill

GO away
Murderer

Rapist
Games are won by players who focus on the playing field –- not by those whose eyes are glued to the scoreboard.
Well said, sir.
God Bless Bubba and the Soul of Erin
Go screw an intern
Prayers
Hi
Tu es une personne grande avec un coeur grand. .. beaucoup de respect pour toi monsieur le president
Sicko
Are you fine?
Why can I said thank why you bill you're a killer you're killing my people in d.r.congo I hate you one day it will be you know that what is going around come buck around thank you for what you are doing to my people God bless you

Accept my sympathy
I go with you BC,God bless GPopovich.
R I.P
bill, you need to reveal epstein.u cant escape the past but u can gain a better future thru repentence.
God is a Good God,  he will be in control
Thank you! God bless WJCF!!
..

Footage Of Abused Children Captured On Jeffrey Epstein’s #PedoIsland http://nyeveningnews.com/2018/04/14/footage-of-abused-children-captured-on-jeffrey-epsteins-pedo-island/ … 
Amen. Cheers to the shouldve been 1st First Husband of our country for NOT being a narcissist.
Sir still can rember since your visit to Maldives and capital Male' as I told you if you donate it must be accountable. Sir. if you can help to restore democracy and opposition jailed leaders and have a fair election in the Maldives.
My Condolences to coach Popovich
#Prayers4Pop #GSG #Love2PopsFamily
Nice
Idiot
So sorry  to  hear  the terrible   news about  your  wife.  condolences  to  you  and  your  family
No one cares what you think "Slick Willy"..
Hello
Prayers for Coach Popovich and family 
Sorry for your loss coach Pop
Please what is good governance and what is bad governance?
Prayers to the Popovich family on their loss.
Thoughts n Prayers
Hello how r u and ur wife
Yes 
O
Thx u Mr. President, very heavy hearts in San Antonio today

Merci
Praying for him and his family.
“But nothing makes a room feel emptier than wanting someone in it.”
عايش حياتك انتة يالا
So sad.
Go to YouTube - sunflowerqueen1
http://cartoonistpk.blogspot.com/2018/04/india-uk-relations.html?spref=tw …
Across the world...
You have my entire family’s condolences Pop. May Your pain be eased by knowing Your wife is in The Loving arms of Her Savior.

Prayers for Erin - family & loved ones
Mr. President @BillClinton I join you in extending sympathies to Coach Pop and his family
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @washingtonpost
Hi Bill Clinton you don’t. Know me But I’m Ed Penland
Is anyone experiencing problems with aol email this past week?
A few days ago and even today!
At least you still have your wife for now.
Pop we are all thinking of you and sending good thoughts to your family!
bill clinton is a rapist.


Prayers for Coach Popovich and his family!
How many people have died after they crossed you and your wife?
Rest in peace. 
My condolences for yuor family.

RIP... Praying for the Family!!! 
I am sure the heavens will bless such a compassionate message from a rapist.
Class statement, as usual, Mr. President. Thanx.
Sorry for your  loss
Dear Sir please try to treat all people  equally in the world because we are all God's Children ,believe you're also a SAVIOUR for this WORLD
Get ur ass back in my NBA Jams
Please please help sir
Lying bastard!!
Can i just say. Mmmmmmm
Tick tock slick Willy
Agreed & concur MR PRESIDENT, also condolences to THE BUSH's also the fam of wrestler BRUNO SAMMARTINO.
And I'd prefer to have any LIVING FORMER PRESIDENT IN OFFICE COMPARED TO THE CURRENT Tweeterface in Chief of usa who makes a mockery of the office sir !
RIP god bless you and your Family Erin

Have a cigar
Sorry Pop on your loss! Been with my wife since August 9th 1974! Can’t imagine! Take care!
Coach I hope you find comfort in God's grace
#reversetaxcuts
Mr president you define America and humanity always standing with you
Bos yapma amk masonu
Who's Erin
My President.
Your delusion
Gregg, may you find solace and warmth in the memories of the love and time you shared together.
Lol unlucky..

http://bleacherreport.com/articles/2675542-gregg-popovich-comments-on-donald-trumps-win-over-hillary-clinton …

Lauren
Sad 

Awesome
My wife left me
Prayers
