Great story of people caring about each other.
You STOLE ALL THE MONEY BILL!!!  Maybe  if u built more  than 6 houses they could afford roads and cars and food.  How many millions did u Rob Haiti of???
G
Well it is CRACK! You snort that and you snort the life out of everybody and everything! Just spend one lunch with one of my older sisters! This is not a joke!
With who's money bubba

Meanwhile millions of single mothers make these types of efforts every day to care for their children, unappreciated. But let it be a single dad and they get all the pats on the back

More like the Muslims killed Jews for thousands of years now
Pray for syria
If you're a woman, I suggest you dont go. You might not make it out.
Goes to show you miracles happen everyday

Treat your son to a better life Orick !
Well done Mr. President

A meal? LMAO
Bill, my husband and I, from Wi. are visiting Little Rock. We had a wonderful day at the Clinton Center and our lunch at 42 was awesome too.
What do you love about it bill? The fact that he had to walk, the pain? The pressure? Pressure is something else when it comes to the heart, love all
This is nice.there is good poor people ready help others, amazing. Blessings to all of you from Victor Ville California
Can I come too?? Please?
I thought you were a pizza fan
Why don't you treat Haiti to a meal?
Clinton=YUCK


请关注中国南京钱旺冤案
WE SHOULD EXECUTE BOTH CLINTONS.....Clinton authorizes loan to Mexico - Jan 31, 1995 
History Channel › this-day-in-history › cl...
On this day in 1995, President Billy l Clinton authorizes a $20 billion loan to Mexico. As the value of the peso hit an l.l..
why dont you just send him financial assistance.he is deserving.
Make sure you bring tour kids when you come to dinner...so the Clinton foundation can sex traffic them and make more $$$
Don't worry..It will may be later..stay close
Whatever action is performed by a great man, common men follow in his footsteps, and whatever standards he sets by exemplary acts, all the world pursues.
Maybe you should have bought him a car Bill.  Insead you hoard and funnel your  money to your so called foundation.  You sir are a POS.
When are you gonna invite Danny Williams over for a meal?
Nice one sir thank you on his behalf
This is the amazing America that I know! #HelpYourFellowMan
Hey Bill are you still getting b******** from Monica Lewinsky why don't you donate all the millions of money you have to the poor people here in the USA put your money where your mouth is
And pay for it with the money I stole from the American people. Mr.  Lewis come to my home and I'll treat you to a meal with money I earned just like you.
I love this story too.I miss you being Potus.
Hello Mr Clinton, much love and respect to you and your family
My name is Saques Daceus and I am a true supporter of you and your wife and I ask you to please check out this link for me and support
https://www.gofundme.com/single-father-fresh-out-of-surgery …
Words cannot express my repugnance of this horror of a human being


I had lunch in the Clinton Presidential Center a few years ago. Classy and delicious. Thank you and Mrs. Clinton for your lifetime of service.

God bless that hardworking man. How about you give him a job too @BillClinton?
Tears in my eyes
I just want to add, your 10 year ban on assault weapons saved the lives of many people-old & young. Thank you!
Ya, he’ll treat you with all that stolen money.

Wow everything you have Billy and you offer a meal?
How about pay Mr.Lewis rent or mortgage for a year?
Do something truly impactful!
His coworkers bought him a car!
Do you really think a meal with you is so impactful?
#Monica!
Me too! I love people who ethics like his! Then the topper are his awesome coworkers! Life can be good!
You are a good man Mr. President.
Thank you for sharing!

خدا روشکر که انقلاب شد وگرنه این آمار سینمای هالیوود احتمالا برای سینمای ایران میشد. 
94 درصدزنان هالیوود آزار جنسی را تجربه کرده‌اند . 
@AfsharMahnaz 
…
Wow...free lunch....
Probably paid by "Clinton Foundation."
Love your offer, Bill, but I'm sure Mr. Lewis and his family would benefit more from the cost of that meal being applied to his car insurance. FTR, Forty Two is excellent!
22 miles per day, both ways?  Bullshit.

It’s a good story. The article didn’t mention the most important thing. So could you please ask him, How long did it take to walk the 11miles? I’m just wondering. Did he ever jog? Did he have to walk home too? interesting
I read his starts at 4am and 11mils walk. So I’m think wow what time did he have to leave? But it’s not in the article 
Unbelievable story

But who else would recognize something of true value,  no one but the GREATEST PRESIDENT THE WORLD HAS EVER SEEN 

GOD BLESS THE ONE AND ONLY , PRESIDENT 

BILL CLINTON
I would love to have lunch with President Clinton and Hillary!
Sometimes add frozen mixed vegetables and serve with real butter. Cod fish goes well
YESH ON STOLEN MONEY. DO YOU KNOW WHST IS IS?
Watching the Bill and Monica show   What a liar he is
Beautiful story
This Young Man did what he had to do to provide for his daughter
He got good people around him who did a nice thing for him
This is what América is all about beyond race, age, position, background...coming together to take care of others
Such a refreshing story !
This is phenomenal! Kudos to you Mr. Lewis for being such a great example of a great man!
What a good story. It shows that their is still hope for us...if we can get rid of the pretender in the oval office. Their going to have to exterminate the whitehouse!  Infested with hate. Send in the clairvoyant to cleanse the crazy in the air and sage that place really good.
Your the best. Always were always will be. To bad Hillary was robbed of the election.just like Al Gore. Popular vote should be the only vote. The EC is outdated and hackable. Time to rely on the peoples choice. Paper ballots only with no hanging chads. I counted those for weeks
That is the American attitude I have enjoyed most of my life (I am 83).  I am so disapointed in the deteriation of America's Love for one another.  For the past year it has been a love for money, riches and a hate of other 
Americans who might not be rich or look the same.
why didn't he get a used bicycle, at little cost? Cut his commute by 4 hours. Now gas and insurance $. Foolish.
Wouldn't it be awesome if we still had a President who cares about humanity and has compassion? As both President Clinton and Obama.
Great story, someone with grits and determination, no excuses! Mr President, how about on top of lunch the @ClintonGlobal foundation offer a scholarship to the daughter? @ChelseaClinton
With all the illicit funds collected in pay for play schemes...
why dont you "treat" the country to its money back that you and your wife took for the last forty years ?
good idea ?
huh?  say something billy boy.....
btw, being married to that hag sure hasnt done you any favors....
What a wonderful story.  Thank you for sharing Mr. President.
Good day Mr.President..How are you today?
AnotherLevityCheck:UncleBillCome&SeeMeInCanada&I"llTreatYouToTheBestHamburgerThat$6.66CanBuy!OrDoes$5.55SoundMoreAppetizing?
A wonderful demonstration of selflessness I think Karmen's well being is in very safe hands.
Making American greater....! What a lovely story of pride, strength and sucess!
Dear President Clinton, Your family is amazingly wealthy on many levels including financially. Could you offer this family more than a lunch? @ChelseaClinton can you help dad pick out some great books and other necessities for them? 
Love to hear some human compassion and sanity in a culture that is lacking this at the moment. Thank u
This is an great example of hard work and ingenuity in an effort to support himself and family. We need more Americans like him!
Love this story!
Please be our president again...
@taymalin22
God Almighty walk to you, you are rich, help me, I will walk
Thank you to all Mr. Lewis’s outstanding coworkers for this outstanding showing of “LOVE ONE ANOTHER” Amazing how far we can go walking....having a bite with President Clinton. Mr. Lewis is a courageous and outstanding LOVING DAD. Have fun!
You'll go down in your mental mind thinking..of "she made me do" .....it! I Wil say that when u acted morally (Had to be a time) I loved you as my President. I still remember the sax.
A blesssing!
What an amazing story that warms my heart. God Bless his colleagues
In this ugly trump world it’s nice to see a story about the goodness of people. I know there’s more good than bad in this country but right now it’s really hard to believe it.
Clinton is warm!
Thank you for sharing this wonderful story. Will you be sharing others like this?
Ça c'est un Homme de conviction.
Does the ClintonFoundation ever do anything NICE for an American in need? with NO strings attached? Or are billions just paid out for Political Corruptness? Such as dossier, sex scandals, Seth Rich, Dr. D Lorich, JW McGill, K Oberwein, S Lucas, V etc.........
nice
He means the Clinton parlor room......we're happy endings are possible...

w
What a great story showing good things about humanity, love and friendship.
You owe Haiti more than a dinner you thief!
Beautiful story. That kind of dedication to a team and to your family never goes unrewarded by the universe.

There is nothing quite like a man that blows his own horn, telling the world how good, decent and self righteous he is. Thank you Mr. President.
Wow, u are going all out bill, with the $500,000.00 the Russians paid you for a speech maybe you could by him a new car and pay the insurance for a year?  To much money for you???
Democrats are pedos
Why so you can pander about how the crimes bill you passed and your wife championed helped poc out so much?
Great gesture and offer by President Clinton.  And we applaud Mr. Lewis’s colleagues for their contributions.
Great gesture and offer by President Clinton.  And we applaud Mr. Lewis’s colleagues for their contributions...
Agreed Mr. President.  Mr. Lewis’s determination to walk 11 miles to work everyday embodies his love for Karmen, fatherhood and parenting. Congratulations on the car Mr. Lewis and wishing you and Karmen many, many happy miles and memories.
I love you Chelsea you are such a kind person and have such compassion for the underdog I love that about you thanks
Good for you! Enjoy your car, your child, and your great coworkers who obviously love you. You must be one hell of a guy!
Thank you! God bless WJCF!!I love my family!!! Happy Birthday to LOVE on the 27th of February 2018 and for sure I will send the good things for you and Children by another http://mail.Love  is the greatest gift of all!!!!

So cool! 
Bill is a predator and rapist
Doesn't surprise me that Clinton would catch this story and be so kind as to reach out!!
Thank you Mr.  President
Will Monica be there?
Story is 5 years old.
Have your groceries and other necessities delivered to your house, now including Target.
Just keep your lady co-workers away from him Mr Lewis. You know what I’m saying??
Mr. President, great idea! May be you can inspire @GM to gift Mr. Lewis a beautiful 2018 CTS Cadillac.

“I still believe in a place called hope” & a man called William Jefferson Clinton.
I miss you Mr. President! @BillClinton
cooler Dad respect
Oh give us a break. Lol
Pretty cool story. I think you can do better than that though, Bill. What about helping him will bills or rent for a while like @TheEllenShow does? A meal would be nice but maybe something that can help long term would be better? #200kPOTUSPension
Great example of the indomitable American spirit!
So that you can cheat on his wife?
This warmed my heart.
Hope somebody tells Mr Lewis about your invitation @BillClinton because there may not be a social media @MrLewis. Hmm, maybe he had to chose taking care of Karmen’s (?sp) needs  over getting a smart phone. #JustSayin
 world needs and deserves more human touch stories like this. We could not be all evils.
Worth millions upon millions...treats people to free $10 dinner...big spender. You could have paid for the cars, bought cars for everyone. But Hillary probably doesn't allow you to spend like that.
I would like to see the president Bill Clinton
You are so kind Mr. Clinton 
Rapist
Isn't this one of Bill Clinton's actions that endear him to all! Hon. William J. Clinton is one great example of a man! I am learning from your examples! Your wife is one beautiful model to which all women shall be compared. Supportive, selfless and a super mom! We love you both!
Dear Mr. Lewis, please be careful. You'll come away from that meals minus the change in your pockets and the keys to your car.
What a very nice thing to offer! I hope he takes you up on your generous offer, Mr. President.
You won’t pay for the meal you national disgrace. Your Ill-begotten funds  have ALL been the result of a career of opportunistic fleecing of taxpayers and extorted funds from your sham foundation.

Mr. Washington - here:  Former President Clinton, want do YOU plan to celebrate?
Love in action.
Wonderful story. Wonderful invite.
Yes!
Love this, but he might need more than a meal Mr. Clinton
I’ve met u in town several times at Santas and at welcome to town dinner. Need some1 with clout/hero like u to make a call on my behalf for #justice
Amazing story!!!!!
Watch out for his notorious "cigar"; you never know about Bill.
Why not contact him privately and do good simply for the sake of doing good, instead of publicizing it?
Beautiful people we need so many more
#sometears Good to be reminded of some good in the world
OMG!!!  I would walk further than that to meet you at the Clinton the  Center for nothing to eat...lol!!  Hillary too....we love you guys!!
Be very Leary Mr. Lewis...Ppl that associate/associated with The Clinton's tend to have a lot of "accidents"
Bill - virtue signaling - Clinton (as per usual).
Are you planning to get matching orange jumpsuits with Hillary when you go to prison?

Asking for a friend.
I love this story to... Bill, that is very nice of you.  Keep it up!   I’m a no-body but when you get in touch with Karmen please let him know that I would like to pay for his auto insurance for one calendar year.  Someone should please connect me to this gentleman.
@MichaelBuadoo may think he's nobody but this offer to Mr. Lewis is GREAT! Now I know that we have good people around who believe in old-time values of helping others! Dr. Michael Buadoo is a fine example of man. Mr. Lewis' effort & his co-workers' help are worthy and honorable!!
When the Lord has His signature on anything, miracles happen.  It is a privilege to be a part!  Can’t miss a chance.
Barf
