BLESS YOU for posting THIS old Man... My BEST wishes and BLESSINGS to you and your family, hope ALL of you been well...
I am certain that MLK would call you a liar. You couldn't acknowledge your only son. You're the epitomy of racist. #DanneyWilliams #ClintonSon #ClintonsAreRacist

50 years after the “Murder” of Martin! NOT the “Death”. Dying is natural- Murder isn’t.
Yes. Murdered by the Intel agencies bill Clinton supported.
Proof it
Did you hear what he said? He said Bill was president. God help us. Trolls are not fact filled, at all.
Obvinously i didnt mean he was pres when MLK was murdered.
He will pay.
You have no business claiming MLK work ! Your policies and horrible corruption have only set MLK dreams in the mud ! Fuck you man !
Although I agree with your tweet, Raffy, the language seems a bit harsh for a self-proclaimed "good christian"....  come to the other side, it's more fun.....lol
Still pandering to the African American voters i see
Still don't have any followers, we see!
I want to build Disney land in Houston Texas because whenever I was a kid I always want to go there but my parents never have time because they were always working. Home sweet home Houston Tx. XRP ripple 
Always nice to see your tweets
Well, thank you, Diane!
I Have a dream as well
Plz follo me Sir Ji

Okie, then find #evil and remove from office.  No joke. The #power to make decisions & brainwash others through #fear
Thank you Mr President
Says the man that militarized the police. 
And invented super predators....lol. yeah, he's a great guy.
President Clinton, I so appreciate that there are prior Presidents who can make a thoughtful and coherent statement on an important issue without insulting, bullying or lying to anyone! BTW, my family & friends are out there protesting & marching to help elect Democrats in Nov.
That is just funny as hell....  you do know this guy perjured himself in front of a grand jury and was impeached for it.  Right?  Truly admirable.....lol
Nope I specifically saw obama send Mlk's dream up in smoke for 8 years.
Slick Willie needs to go somewhere and sit down . He is an embarrassment to all the other Presidents
How's Monica?
Absolutely,  it is a terrible tragedy that he was murdered and people like him who only wish to do good are killed by those who are ignorant and only wish to do evil.
http://nortonsafe.search.ask.com/search?q=HRC+murder+video+FRAZZLEDRIP&chn=1000&doi=2017-07-23&geo=US&guid=1B80149E-A8EA-441B-A186-F7D22A8A466C&locale=en_US&o=APN11908&p2=%5EEQ%5Ecd20us%5E&prt=NSBU&ver=22.9.3.13&ctype=videos&tpr=2&ts=1524047706861 …
Weren't you in England with your commie mentors avoiding, and protesting, Vietnam?   Ah, the good old days, eh?
Pervert, Madoginist

With that picture, I'm sure he loves you too....  I believe he prefers blue dresses.....lol
Well said President Clinton, what a shame 45 couldn't have enough respect to recognize this day!

They attacked democracy in Brazil, in Brazil there is no right, there are US employees, the fight against corruption only judges on one side the judge judges political enemies and protects their corrupt friends!
Need EVERYONES help bringing Awareness to MUSIC OVER VIOLENCE / Chicago. Information and Video in link below! Let's give the kids  Studios in the public libraries instead of guns! Please RT and donate.
Good evening Mr.President.
How are you Mr.President?
AND I HAVE SOMEONE FOR YOU TO CHECK OUT SHE'S IS IN THE WRONG I'LL GET HER NAME LATER 
Unlike your inaction to the Rwanda Genocide.
What a 1st couple they would have made
Those who have sacrificed their time and lives for the betterment of the humankind and the world have fulfilled the purpose of being human.
Go get another blow job in Oval Office Billy.
Tic Tock
So why did you marry a proud Goldwater Girl who supported segregation?
You need to wrangle in your wife. @HillaryClinton is off the rails. Can she possibly embarrass you and your party anymore? She actually said she started the Me Too movement and that women woke up when she lost are you kidding me. This is exactly why she lost!
So what happened to the young Blk adults that are killing each other, taking drugs and not lifting themselves up to learn in school. Parental failure.
50 years after the assassination of #MartinLutherKing I will be walking across the #EdmundPettusBridge to support those who fight against the systematic oppression of people based on their race, religion, gender or sexuality. #MLK50Forward #Diversity
Any dates with girls lately Bill?
does your wife know you are talking dirty with another man on the internet
Ma atani dakhlal zanna aur mera nafarman naar me zayega md.Sam.)syed Ali esa bin Mriyam sun2016

A wonderful American that help break barriers #MLK50
While Dr. King’s dream of unifying and improving the lives for all people still remains significant today.  I am hopeful that his dream to embrace all people regardless of their race, religion and politics will be our reality someday.
Even though, it's 5 decades since his untimely orchestrated criminal demise. What he stood for lives on...........
Good day, Mr.President.
Give me some gay girls
Bill Clinton does incest 100% confirmed!
Yes
You're a mob boss and murderer. You committed adultery then and you still are. Everything and everyone you are associated with are evil. You, are evil. You shouldn't speak that good man's name.
good day sir
That's all right
Very well said, we should all do what we can 2 help make his dream come true! #BlackLivesMatter
In my senior high school, I made A speech that calls "I have a dream".
Now that's how a president speaks. The Clinton years were my most prosperous, thank you.
Hello sir.
Yet there has been little change in racial relations in America; they continue to be divisive and if MLK Jr could see the state of affairs in our country today he would be heart/broken.
Billy, no doubt you haven’t boinked Hillary in decades!! Why are you still hangin with her? Time to get your own pad!
Bill Clinton, our first black President.
Bill, you are irrelevant so just fade away somewhere with your "bride"!
Dr. King would be very upset to know what is going on after fifty years.
one of my favorite presidents. As a black American your kind words in remembrance of dr. King is appreciated. Thank you!!
Why can't you just be an American?

Why is it important for us to know what color God made you?
Lord knows I wish I could. And if we follow Martin's dreams maybe one day I will be.
クリントン大統領
如果接着欧巴马再来两个克林顿或欧巴马，美利坚与中共将不是贸易战，而是刺刀战，中国人民将被迫穿上军衣去征服世界……。克林顿同志，中共现在有能力危害人类，特朗普先生现在为你们擦屁股，你内心有没有一点点愧疚？
你在舔川普的腚，你内心有没有一点点欣喜？
Some of the ignorance in your comments just show we have a LONG way to go still. Unfortunately, I've lost faith in some humanity that we'll ever get there in my lifetime. #RIPMLK
Go away and hide
 You are a pitiful pos .
Amen!!! Sadly,frumpy trumpy has regressed the nation a few decades.
Indeed, we have to "be" the change he sacrificed his life for.
go away grandpa: your soooo 90's
I miss intelligent presidents.
I miss YOU so much, Bill!!!
King was a wonderful man....you Clinton are a real bad man...we all know you ...you can't hide
Yes, Thank God these criminals are nowhere near the White House..
Not only does his work lives on, but the struggle continues to lIVE on as well 
I agree President Clinton!!!
Go away
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=154866418543075&id=100020591523247 …
yes bill Clinton a call to action to stop people like you for the things you do to woman
#MLK50  



I wonder what Dr. King would think of this?
#MLK
MLK’s words and spirit shall live forever we need him more now then ever a man that changed a nation n not with force but with love n kindness n preaching, they killed his body but not his soul his spirit his heart 
Mr Bill Clinton we love u as n Albanian u are our hero, plz help me what I can do my nephew came to US on a student visa on Easter Sunday they send him back n he has entered the US all the time with no problem plz help n MLK shall live forever
The entire world miss a different US president.
Nah
We need his words and his spirit today as much as ever.
Thank you for making my point.
Go away bill. Take that thing you call wife with you
Aww a Hannity lap dog.
Nope.  Just saw billy boy on tweeter and keep hearing his wife cry.

And the dial has not moved much since MLK.  He was hated by the government and is now being glorified by orange one in white house.  Give me a break!  Trump can't stand what MLK stands for.  Miss u Mr. Clinton
As young Hispanic man at the time we had nobody speaking for us. I was glad he was taking up the sword for people of color. I was told we were not capable of learning, I was glad he was here. He made a difference thank god.
What action should be taken exactly?
Your the guru you tell us
Rest in Peace,  MLK, Jr
Oh how l miss you in the White House! #BestPresidentEver!
Slick Willy @BillClinton @BreitbartNews @FoxNews What did you ever do for black people during your corrupt, scandalous 8 yrs. in office? Little or nothing. Now you pontificate and desperately try to stay important in the public eye. Sleazy, sleazy. Disappear in woods w/fake wife.
What about your son @danney_williams he’s your son and half black but you don’t acknowledge him?#MLK
Well said, Mr. President...
i'll bet vince foster had some wistful memories
Yes!
@realDonaldTrump - THIS is what leadership looks like!
I got a lot of love for u @BillClinton. The nostalgia is real!!!
Good call Bill, let’s have a cigar, I’ll bring my own
Dear Mr. President Clinton, 
Dr. King legacy lives on, but Black people are still getting slaughtered by the thousands everyday by RACISTS COPS. So, do all of us black people a favor. Start speaking out against INJUSTICES to the Judiciary people.
If your wife didn't want to "bring them to heel" & hot sauce in her purse, might believe you
You must be so proud to be one of Trump’s 32%.....
Words from a real president
I still love you Bill and Barack. But Michelle and Hillary are the best. Just kiddin....thank you for distinguished words. We're starving for presidential appropriateness. Love to you from the Atlanta GA Grandma.
Absolutely Right
Mr. President.
Hi Bill, got a question for you: How has how you look at race in the U.S. / in the world changed since you were President?

The GOP and trump want to make America white again white supremacist want to take are country back to the 1940s so do Trump's supporters


Please, you and killary just go back to the woods. I'll donate a case of wine and a box of cigars for you through your regular channel...the Clinton foundation.
@HillaryClinton idea of a call to action: ‘I AM QUEEN, DESTROY EVERYTHING, BURN THE CITY DOWN, REVOLUTION’... she posted the above and then some to a @CBSNews periscope feed night after her 2016 election loss... Thankful she is #NotMyPresident 
We are keeping the dream alive here in #topeka with a #mural across the street from the @BRVB_NHS. Come join us. #topekaproud
Go away bill
We love you and your wife. She was robbed by Putin and the deplorables. I wish she’d run again!
Miss you Mr. President. Very well said
You not in Gitmo yet Bill?
Why should he be. Leave him alone

More now than in recent memory. America will get through this dark time.
Amen
Absolutely right
You sure did a good job of that in Hati, out here making MLK proud
Hi bill I love you
Hey bro I don't think you got my last tweet but can I have like 50 dollars?
Hey Bill jerk off on another dress Danny Williams wants your DNA to prove he's your bastard son.
Another one of Trump’s 32%.....
Go see what I’m fighting for on @youthradio #MLK50 project https://youthradio.org/journalism/the-legacy-of-mlk-is-alive-today-in-these-young-activists/ …
Stand up for what’s right I need help everyone stand with me stop what your doing this is a emergency
I agree
Thanks President Clinton. I both enjoyed and appreciated your eloquent words of wisdom.
3 pillars of MLK. To end; Racism. Materialism. Militarism. The top 1% continue to earn 200 plus times what employees earn. We spent most of the money we have as a country on military. And somehow. Someway. Racism has crawled out of the muck to be heard from again. We failed MLK!
Thank you Mr Clinton for recognizing #MLK50. Have a great day
All it seems like all we have done is gone backwards with Dr. Martin Luther King’ sdream that he had Especially recently because of The Republicans and Trump. And also some of the media. With their racial overtones that they use to divide us. My dream is get rid of Trump and GOP!
We don't need to simply honor Martin's legacy - we all need to continue his work. Words espousing thoughts and prayers are empty - actions to realize racial equality and social justice would be far more in line with fulfilling Martin's legacy rather than simply remembering it.
We still have much to learn from Dr King.  Peaceful protests accomplished so much but we have a ways to go still.  All men are created equal
How many days has it been since your last rape?!??
Bill, You are so out of step. Today it’s immigration (the wall) and China (trade wars) Didn’t you get the memo?
Clearly..YOU did not. Clinton's tweet was in recognition of MLK.
Sir...I miss you being President of this great land..A man who speaks with wisdom and compassion.
Are you kidding me? The man who was getting BJ's in the WH and exposing himself to women and who had to pay off a woman for doing it and was impeached? Are you kidding me? That tells me a lot about your character.
https://twitter.com/julianassannge/status/981670133549551616?s=21 …
Or atleast thats how it seems in our history. Mr. Clinton
Oh so true as i just told Vp pence, change doesnt come without death.
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @GOP #Impeach45
Yes. Judge a man by his character, not his skin color. 

But you predators know that, you’re just conning ignorant people out of votes.
Please speak-up against the Trump administration. Your silence is almost complicit.
Thank you for remembering 
Mr. President, recognize MLK ORIGIN. Call for Biafra Jews and Christians In W Africa REFERENDUM.TRUTH is the foundation of LOVE . BIAFRA of Eri of GAD of Jacob of Isaac of Abraham of GOD. DNA IS YOUR FRIEND.
...yes Mr.bill, but his words and view's r not followed by ur nation! #shooting blacks in USA...
as for our European policies, what did you remember from the fight of these men, except the anniversary date?
Gilles, from Normandie, France
We need his legacy more now than ever.
what ur saying bill is that America should take action against the clinton criminal network that u and ur wife run,because u 2 cause so many hearts to aches and deaths and have left so many people in poverty while u live the high life,And its black people u do the most damage to
I miss you and Hillary. Best economic times
Always got to be butt hole. It's about MLK and nothing else, my goodness
Waiting for you Mr President to pay Homage to Former president Mandela ex wife Winnie Mandela after her passing, you do know she kept Madiba your friend alive.. Waiting on you sir.
Why?? Why are you waiting on Pres. Clinton to pay homage to Winnie Mandela? Did Trump pay homage? If so I missed it. Why pick on Clinton?
.
I don't think President Trump will pay homage to a murderer...

50 years have passed Dr. King and we are still trying to keep your dream alive 
You’re absolutely correct about Dr. King and his commitment to humanity. This world is a much better place for his contributions and words.
Please work to undo the hardships your three/strikes law imposed on African Americans.
I wish you had more control over your wife.
