The #FDNYFoundation joins the #FDNY in mourning the line of duty death of Firefighter Michael R. Davidson. Donations can be made to the "Scholarship Fund to Benefit the Children of FF Davidson." For more information, click here: https://bit.ly/2ueEAHL  
http://nortonsafe.search.ask.com/search?q=HRC+murder+video+FRAZZLEDRIP&chn=1000&doi=2017-07-23&geo=US&guid=1B80149E-A8EA-441B-A186-F7D22A8A466C&locale=en_US&o=APN11908&p2=%5EEQ%5Ecd20us%5E&prt=NSBU&ver=22.9.3.13&ctype=videos&tpr=2&ts=1524047706861 …
WHO ARE YOU KIDDING? YOU AND THAT HAG WIFE OF YOURS DO NOT PRAY! AND, IF YOU DO GOD IS NOT LISTENING TO YOU! BECAUSE YOU ARE GREEDY AND EVIL!
Can you move it along now? You're seriously annoying
I am annoying to you because of what you are! If you do not like what I say do not read it!
I know who I am, but what are you?
LOOK IN THE MIRROR, LITTLE GIRL! WHO I AM IS A BEAUTIFUL, INTELLIGENT REPUBLICAN WOMAN AND PROUD OF IT!
If you or your wife could you would have killed him. Thank God that you don't know where his widow lives. You would rape her and her kids
You pray to lucifer and you are headed to Gitmo. #maga
That true
love watching you
I love it you 2 will be protected but your physical is the best shows you will suffer scab boy you're so gross
Very good person Mexican love you
https://twitter.com/StephenHaskins2/status/980529275970482177?s=20 …  or 
Would it be unhealthy for a president to lead the “practice safe sex” agenda by tasful responsible cinematic visual representation for the youth & single adults to follow as they grow towards finding/ building the perfect mate of a lifetime?…
I care so much for my son and I miss him please help me
dude you have lesions all over lol
I love watching the wicked suffer
old scab man 3 ex presidents will fall

Zzz s
Nice
The data in the program is corrupted and needs to be repaired. The virus has been allowed to spread for years and now it has become a cancer destroying countless lives please help it needs to stop now
I’m struggling and I need help I’m being forced to stop being a father I have been turned into what the court decided I have all the proof and this outcome should not happen to any one
my dad didn't have lesions purple lol one woman your Satan god really helping you
lesions all  over make up boy
weak people drink and screw many lol please linger
my god my dad a medical Dr said Willy is filled with std' s lol I don't want you to go to prison I want to watch you suffer medically with Obama care lol watching Hillary drink lol
love your face lol and your drunk wife
Hillary is clean she has not touched you lol
keep your make up artist pedo Epstein lover I know you will never be punished I love watching you suffer std old. man
you murdered so many and they love to see you purple boy with your lesions lol old sick man
you lived with satan  I love it
aiids boy
Rudolph without make  up lol
lesion old aids man lol

RIP Michael Davidson
Good day Mr.President. ******
God bless his soul.
I don’t want to die but I come to realize that only in death will I prevail and you will stride to be better which is what this country has become
Good Morning Mr.President......
#QAnon
Pandering again Slick Willie?...

Good Morning,How are you Mr.President?

Good day Mr.President....

Russia is a priori guilty. West trust only those who can strike them in the face
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4aaKi1Oxj1Q …
How's "The Energizer" these days? SS loved her cookies. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b1ZAqCi1mhs …
i did not have sexual relations
Rp
Good day Mr.President..........
I hope that my sacrifice will give everyone the transparency needed to help the countless others who are being wiped from existence SAM Michael Neino
I am being wiped from existence and all my years as an extraordinary father is being denied so are countless others
All due to the corruption in the family law legal system this is not constitutional and not the USA were I was proud to be a citizen

So sorry . RIP.
Good day Mr.President......
Good day Mr.President..
https://cartoonistpk.blogspot.com/2018/03/cartoon-on-noconfidence-motion.html …
so said
Prayers for his family.
Go get you gals at Vegas clubs they waiting your wife wont kno
I'm here now Playa all paid no worry hurry
How many sexual violence accusations settled out of court?
Bill Clinton came to the rescue of Laura Silsby who attempted to smuggle over 30 children out of Haiti... She was convicted of this crime but received less sentence due to Clinton’s help
74% of Americans believe the “deep state” exists! How far have we come? Light years from what was previously touted as “conspiracy”! Word invented & used in the 60’s to deceive public. What happens now? CENSORSHIP BY STATE RUN MEDIA! Wake up brothers & sisters! #DeepStateInPanic
Happy New Year hope things are well
What's up President Clinton
Forever Rest in Peace
you are worth hundreds of millions of dollars and you spare this guy prayers! GTFOH! give his family $1m or shut up.
#SEO #SEO
I Will #Drive Your #Targeted #Traffic For #Affiliate #Marketing
Defund planned parenthood. The baby killers
All Governments of all Nations initiate plan, strategy, process and governance for giving 100% free health and education to all Humanity by 2025 AD, through building “Health and education corpus funds”
Good day Mr.President..
Hey do aliens exist??
Rest in peace  and may God be with the family members and give them strength though this in Jesus Christ name. Amen
Prayers for the firefighter and Thankyou President Clinton for all you do!
God bless you
You have the grip,
More news like this,
More qurrael like this,
More people out for.
Monsters express
Will be demonstrate
Lose ground in w house.
Garrenty it will 2020.
Deepest sympathy
God bless his soul.

So very sad, may he rest in peace.  This is so tragic. :(
@HillaryClinton Good job so far. Tweet after "60 Minutes - Stormy" tonight. keep the pressure on the nut. That's how to crack it! e ":-)"
Wow you’re old! It’s been a long time since we met.
You corrupt Rapist! Pushing Stormy into believing it was Trump programming her! Mk ultra child sex slave of yours!
God bless your family . Rest In Peace
From Woodside Queens.  The neighborhood of heroes.
Thank you President Clinton. I miss having a heart in the WH. 
My heart too goes out to all the family, friends, and all that love Michael Davidson, a true American hero, putting his life on the line everyday, protecting and serving others. May many follow in your path. 
#FDNY
because you and yours like God would not kill people unnecessarily.
Do you believe in allaha?
SO ARE MANY NEW YORKERS! THANK YOU PRESIDENT CLINTON! ESPECIALLY FOR USING YOUR TWITTER ACCOUNT FOR PURPOSEFUL AND IMPORTANT MATTERS!
May the Almighty God receives Mr Davidson' soul next to Him !
@BarwhsB @BillClinton  Thank you as a President that you sent Condolences to a Hero. R.I.P. Michael Davidson! God Bless you and your family.
Really Bill?  Good for you.
Bet you are really with his wife
God bless the firefighter, and God bless you President Clinton and Mrs. Clinton. I am your biggest fan. Thank you Bill and Hillary for all your work for this country!
May God welcome you home and wrap his loving arms around your family.
Thank you!God bless WJCF!!
Don't retweet pedophiles, Kevin
He only went to his best friend, Jeff Epsteins island 25 times. Maybe you need to educate yourself on who Epstein is.
My condolences to the family, and thank you to President Clinton for having the empathy that 44 does not even have In his DNA!
Are you sure you don't mean 45?
Yes 45 fat fingers, for sure apologize!
Too bad 45 has zero empathy.
Thank you president Clinton.
@BillClinton YOU STAY AWAY FROM HIS 4 CHILDREN!!
We’re on top of it Bill #BarstoolSportsCommunity

Clinton will be trying to hump the widow within the week.
Prayers for you and your family
Is it odd that everytime i read something written by Mr Clinton i read it in his voice?
Not at all.

Whenever I read a dump tweet, I hear it in Stephen Colbert's @StephenAtHome imitation voice!
RIP You made the ultimate sacrifice in the performance of your duties @CCUN_NYC @SharonCapel @Oikoumene @wdarinmoore @NicolleDHarris
My deepest condolences to the children, to the family, to the relatives, to the friends and to his wife Eileen of the late Michael Davidson. May the compassionate Holy Spirit comfort you during this mourning time. In the name of Jesus Christ. May His Soul Rest In Peace.
So sad!! Four little babies without a daddy 
Looks like FBI in Little Rock
Bill how many times did you and Hillary say Rest in Peace during your political career? I wish to say Rest In Peace Clinton's ending your political careers !


May He Rest in Peace
Is time for mourning and solidarity !! 
Pitch in America !!
A real President
RIP... Praying for the Family!!!
Why do not you do it if you do not want to guess?
what do you feel if you take your daughter out to the mountain and rape her and kill her?
If you need to be a bit honest, you will never get to the blood.
hey clinton do you think the people you died cause the parents who are left without children and the children who are without children?
中国南京钱旺集团冤案  涉及百万人口  至今中国政府放任不管 老百姓无处申冤  。很多家庭半死不活 人民对政府失望到底。 世界这么美好，为什么南京发生这样的罪恶，南京一把手张敬华何时可以被绳之以法?  逼我们丢脸丢到国际上
Rest in peace
Why. Y r not Sorry. Say SORRY TODAY OR ID
@FDNYFoundation Thank you President Clinton. RIP Michael Davidson. My condolences to his family, friends, FDNY.

from The Mermaid Suite.
God bless the fallen
So sad
Our condolences to his family and loved ones 
#blueribbons2018
RIP..
https://youtu.be/iV0mfKdk6iU      kim
RIP Brave hero.
The Davidson family as well as his family at the @fdny are in my thoughts & my heart. And I know it is not my responsibility but I would like to apologize for all of the idiotic rude comments posted under this tweet. This has nothing to do with political views, likes or dislikes.


God bless your soul, fireman Michael you laid down your life for others, forever hero.
Absolutely heartbreaking...
Firefighter's save lives Clinton's take them. A stunningly stark contrast on good vs evil
Ignore the russians and russian sympathizers that have crawled out of their basket today.
It will make them crazy!!!
Praying for his family and friends. 
Help for Bolivia, here I leave the account number. Thank you! God bless you.
Regards!!!

