At the invitation of local leaders, President @BillClinton will travel to the U.S. Virgin Islands tomorrow & Dominica on Tuesday to visit communities impacted by the devastating Category 5 hurricanes last year.

…

Happy Valentine’s Day,
Will you get some virgins in the Virgin Islands??
Want to con more $ from funds???
Is cause there’s virgins there

Skipping Haiti???
Virgin Island, ???? That is how you got your Erotic Affair escape that involves Underage ... Say it ain't So ...  Twitter is allowed to know the truth about you, just wish your dad used a condom
Money to be made, right Bill?  Like in Haiti?
Bill Clinton is a rapist

Now that is FAKE Fricken News you BOZO!
You must be talking to bill.

The leaders in Haiti welcomed you one time as well.....don't think that would happen again. You should be ashamed and held accountable for what you and your wife did to the poorest of the poor!
Way to go Mr. Clinton!  I ha e a friend that lives in the USVI and she just got power back a few weeks ago.. at least someone cares since our own president is pretty much useless.. #imstillwithher
You're disgusting. #BillClintonIsARapist #metoo #dems #democRATS #ThursdayThoughts
DON'T FORGET TO VISIT HAITI,I AM SURE THEY WOULD LIKE TO SEE YOU


Dear President Clinton, Dundalk remembers you everyday. Thank you for going the extra mile on the peace process.
Today Ireland is a different place thanks to you and others, but we must keep talking!
Naw
Stopping at Pedo Island on your way??
How’s MONICA? Didler! Your true colors!
All your little girls! We will never forget!
Do t you have a job or a life? Lol
I certainly will follow Mr. President. I voted for your wife too.
Those poor people would be far better off if your plan crashes on the way.
I'll pray the hangman gets you before your family has a chance to hurt anyone else.

To the people in charge of this events. Please make sure to keep interms away and save.  God Bless you.

Great Yankees 
Am from Kenya am looking money for school fei Dont  have 20'000 I wii go to school.. Coll me +254707215593
Prevent Trump from Twitter. Crazy man
How much are you getting Bill?
Please enlighten us about what goes on here #Humantrafficking #PedoGate
Please explain this pic in North Korea  
#Magnolia #MAGA
Good boy, Bill. Do another pointless act of Liberal posturing.

Si
DEAR CLINTONS,
I hope you have made a wise DECISSION to join team LIGHT. If you stilll working for the DARKENESS (satanic & Luciferian) YOU will have 4 days to make a wise choice of world you want for you and your Family; otherwise, The Light CANNOT protect you.
God Bless you 
THE TRUTH WILL OUT!

Like what you’ve done is really bad.  And option 1 is maybe ok.  That’s why FULL STORIES!  Full versions.
It’s those middle-men who maybe do ok.  But may not have lots of zeroes.  The ones with lots of zeroes help run this stuff.  That’s where the middle men come into play.
Some zionists should pretty much have 0000000000s in their bank accounts by the time seized assets occurs.
Believe that zionists
Like hell people are going to allow the money they have saved run things again
Some of them can’t be helped with option two.
They choose.  Not me.  They keep up the ridiculousness, option two is fully on the table on my end.  FULL TRUTH.
There are two options

1.  Corrected behavior of heinous actions
2.  Corrected behavior of heinous actions w/ bankruptcy.
Deterrence.  Because plans to do things like this are not cool.
Dealing with the antichrist and “antichrists” is not exactly a smart decision.  After cover up number 666, I realized it’s not reasonable.   So the choice is theirs.  I was in worse than a jail cell for 8 nights for no reason.  I’m not eye for eye, but I’m not dumb.
No one wants this to happen ever again.  They have families?  So do plenty of people near a river.  No one wants a fake Jew plot like this.  No one wants to have to think like this.  About whether or no they’re going to be railroaded
It’s not petty theft.  Years of chances.  YEARS.  I’m a moderate on justice, and you know as well as I do this is unconscionable.   It’s deterrence.  You watch “AJONE”?  So how many have died?  How many innocent people have been killed as a result of all these actions?
You want to stop homelessness?  They’ll have a home firstly.  A bunch of people are in the same place.  “DOC Rivers”.  Go search through how many jails are near rivers.  Tell the Zionists this is what they deserve.  

It’s whether or not their assets are left alone.
Don’t start this game
Trump KNOWS Haiti Foundation is used to traffic kids- listen to end (link: https://youtu.be/qCnmIISWbeU )
It's bad enough the #DeepState sold us out as a nation - we can get it back and will - but the unforgivable act by many starting with @HillaryClinton and others high up is the abuse of our children-the selling - the 'rituals' - the sex trafficking and for that you will all suffer

Little Saint James Island is part of USVI.  Or as Jeff Epstein’s pervert friends know it, “Orgy Island”

How's Monica, Bill????
You and Hillary make me sick. You both robbed those people in Hati and act like nothing is wrong. How do you sleep at night?
I don't know why your perverted self is still around!!! Can't y'all just disappear or is it you have to stick around due to being so close to finding out about your dirty secrets? #goodthingsdontlastforever

Bill, Hello. My name is Alexandr. I live in Russia, Novosibirsk. I have no one to turn to for help. $700 000 for you it is a drop in the ocean. My account: recipient SIDOROV ALEXANDR EVGENEVICH, the beneficiary's account 40817810444050298312 SWIFT code SABRRUMMNH1. Thank you
@BillClinton Loved watching your documentary last night “Scandalous” is a must see. More coming too. You’re a class act. How is it you’re a free man? To think your lovely “wife” tried to get you back in the White House. Thank God for DJT! #MAGA


@Druid_Returns

For what???? A fling?

Oh, what a tangled web we weave...when first we practice to deceive
Watching Scandalous. Unconsciable!
No wonder you look like you could be Trump's father! I hope Monica got something. You really stole her life.
Do you ever wonder or think about this Lady?
Hummm? Going to get another 500K for a phony BS speech Bill?

Tick tock tick tock...enjoy these while you can .  We all know what lies beneath the surface.
You should really be ashamed of what you did to Haiti! #RICO

For Lent you should give up worshipping Lucifer. Its not working.

When was the last time you went on that Lolita Express?
Rapist
Hey @angelurena unless you’re already compromised, which is likely, you should probably find another job unless you want to end up locked up #ClintonCartel #CrookedHillary #BillClintonIsARapist

Bill will do anything to get out of the house!!!!!!!!!!!
Guess Haiti has run out of $$$$
Why do you want more of these poor peoples money?
i am very poor . place help me.
give me 100 dollar.
How's the Energizer bunny? loser
Good Morning Mr.President...i feel Lonely..
Monica is there waiting for ya 
Got any babes lined up to c Bubba?
Hay Bill Clinton you where never the 42 president Hillary Clinton was the only thing you where ever in charge of was your zipper.there was no way American's where going to let her be president again.

Good gravy. Leave those island women alone!!!!! I hope the govenments are dropping leaflets that a rapist is on his way.
Billy, do us a favor and just get lost. Both of you. America and the world have had with you.
Evil pedophile watch this
To watch you be a no good rotten liar, rapist, cheating, crook that you are
Sir,you doing a good job in past you helped cancer patients of India through your Clinton foundations.Wish for your long healthy life
Oh shit! The next Clinton Haiti scandal to emerge!

Loretta Lynch pilot Dimitri Noonan, BREAKS silence.                According to Noonan’s attorney:
“Dimitri has first-hand knowledge of 2 people other than Bill Clinton & Loretta Lynch who were on that plane.…
hello Mr president bill please French language Mme Hillary presidents devra saisir le conseil constitutionnel et le congress pour examen et overture d in prices contre trump et le fraudes does elections
Not going to Haiti? Come on you can do it, give some of that money you stole back.. How much can you guys scam from these people?
#ClintonRussiacrime family
ON THE RUN?  or sending a body double to USVI and you going to Gitmo? #qanon #TheStorm @POTUS
You’ll be free from @HillaryClinton soon enough bubba
#HillaryForPrison

You deserve the truth. Here is why the FISA memo matters ↓ 

You can run. But you cannot hide
Bill, Please use ALL of your weight-DO NOT allow them to initiate a false flag. Do not let them do it! Use everything you have Bill. Please. You must end with being a good steward. Negotiate.
Mr. Clinton,

Carter Page said he worked on your presidential transition team in 1992-1993.  How well do you know Carter Page?  
http://bgia.bard.edu/speakerseries/archive/?year=2008 …

What other work has he done for you and Mrs. Clinton?  #QAnon    #MAGA    #Clinton    #Obama
Thank you President Clinton for your many years of great service all over the world
Try not to force yourself on anyone today. Thanks.
Bill, Hello. My name is Alexandr. I live in Russia, Novosibirsk. I have no one to turn to for help. $700 000 for you it is a drop in the ocean. My account: recipient SIDOROV ALEXANDR EVGENEVICH, the beneficiary's account 40817810444050298312 SWIFT code SABRRUMMNH1. Thank you
Knowing about you that your rich by heart@ us.
Don’t give him any money
Thank you! God bless WJCF!!Yes, good to be there!!!
Good evening..
Why not go back to Haiti - where your help did nothing but line your pockets.  Did you catch the Uranium One testimony?
who was better: your wife? or Monica?
I know the answer!!!

#ArrestThemALL
Hang some. Jail the rest.
Well well whom did you Rape here??
What a LOSER!
Oh boy...
you are agood humman wish you and your Family all love
Truth is out!  #DrainTheSwamp
GIVE HAITI THEIR MONEY CROOK
Some convicted child-traffickers need your help?
Thank you Mr President for visiting my country Dominica. We are forever grateful, I am forever grateful
Ohhhhhh..... Yeahhhhhhh... You kniw Bill is having a great time in USVI. No Hillary to harsh his gig! All Bill needs are some tasty waves, a cool buzz and No Hillary!!!
visiting your friend Jeff Epstein?
Haiti revisited?
Why don't you use some of that money that was to go to Haiti to help these people, instead of helping yourself.
And just who is paying for this trip? Don't use any of my tax dollars to pay for anything for any Clinton. Period.
Love you Bill Clinton
Get off Social Media, You and Hillary are F’n CROOKED!!!!!
Mr. President, your fine work & ability to touch others lives post-presidency is a great credit to you.  My dear friend ( deceased) John Deardourff (and his wife Betsy Griffith) told me great stories about you & Mrs. Clinton. He thought you were The Best...& he was a Republican!

https://www.instagram.com/p/Be5hg7iH13K/ 
Tell us the truth about these islands the real damage done and the lack of aid from this horrible president drumpf
thanks.
Go have another underage affair and fade away so we can forget about your corrupt activities
i like your attitude,Mr.Clinton
Why would they invite you to do ANYTHING? Mr. Clinton you're just a crony-capitalist, pretending to care about the poor and less fortunate. Your academy award wining performances are tremendous. Don't pass go and go directly to jail, sir.
