Tick tock tick tock
Us REPUBLICANS ALREADY KNEW THAT. Thanks HILLARY FOR MENTIONING IT.
GOOD .... SO WHERE DID THE MONEY FOR THE HAITIANS GO ??? INTO SLICK WILLIE KILLARY AND CHELSEA'S WEDDING AND THE REAST INTO YOUR POCKETS AND THE SES
Since you surrendered your law license back in the day and donate your speaking fees to CF - where'd the $ come from?
No Clinton Foundation funds when to my full replacement two years ago either, that was all slush-fund and blackmail money.  #cleanasthepreacherssheets
The Clintons get enough money to pay for their only child’s big day.  I don’t believe this allegations
LIAR.
no, they were used for child trafficking
Ha!!!!
"that depends on what your definition of funds is"
I want to be perfectly clear I did not have sex with that woman !!! Remember that lie

FUND RAISING...... OUR ORG. (SAVEANDCARE ORG) WITH THE SUPPORT OF WOMEN SUPPORT INITIATIVE ORG. AND HOME FOR ORPHANAGE ARE RAISING FUNDS FOR WIDOWS AND ORPHANS AFFECTED…
Hard to believe anything you folks say.  You did not have???   Really
i don't trust you Slick Willie as far as i can throw you!! you have screwed people out of their money for years!!
Wow, you had nothing when Hillary ran for president but you are not desuetude now. I am very sure the Clinton foundation is more than able to make sure you guys can live one step above the illegal immigrants coming into the country by the thousands.
I can think of some people that were insulted worse by your and Hillary’s actions publicly #JuanitaBroaddrick #GenniferFlowers  
#MonicaLewinsky
Oh right....you mean like how you "never had sex with that woman"  #billclintonisarapist
Yeah sure lying bastard just like your wife
No one cares about your feelings. You’re corrupt AF.
We all know no money from Clinton foundation was used. It's just the trumptolls that are in misery.
I am insulted right along with you

Chelsea Clinton utilized Clinton Foundation funds for her wedding email from leading Bill Clinton aid Doug Band https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/52046#efmABYACC … …” tweeted Wikileaks with a link to some Podesta email that describes using ‘base resources’ for your wedding.
 buttons pushed.  Clintons are so stupid.  Now we know Haiti funds paid for Chelseas wedding.  
So THATS what Bill Clinton and Loretta Lynch were talking about on that tarmac, how to properly misappropriate the funds. The FBI investigation thing was CLEARLY already taken care of.
Dont know what your referencing, Haiti money was stolen prior to the tarmac meeting,

So sad you have to even explain this is not true.
https://youtu.be/tXZCd-T_7WE  Are you sure that this isn’t true? How do you know that this isn’t true? Why are you so sure it is t true? #PayAttention & don’t allow them (Media, Establishment, Deep State) to brainwash you. Do your own research! Use google! Find different sources!
She's not even your biological daughter. just enjoy life on a beach and die to your STD like an adult.
Tic toc tic toc
Depends on what the meaning of the word "pay" is...
"I did not have sexual relations with that woman, Ms Lewinsky.."
Why he's a chip off the old block isn't he Bill?
Let’s see receipts! I believe the WaPo this time
you want to talk about truth and insult?
You F.cked and insulted a young intern!
You R.ped a 12 year old!
You are a Predator!
TRUTH!
Don’t insult the American people we know who you are!
20+ years of lies
Oh yeah 
Since when did any Clinton tell the truth ? 
Chelsea looks the double of her dad Wes Hubbell. 
Nice family she has a father in law and father both been in jail.
Husband related to Soros .
Wow .
“There ain’t nothin’ more powerful than the odor of mendacity!”

Sure we believe you, you were impeached for perjury.... remember?
I believe you, Mr. President!

And my last one of the Hillary Tripothon! Hope everyone has a great day!

@HillaryClinton 
…
Its just the make up for you killing thousands of kids.
Did all the money go to help restore haiti??? Please don't answer me answer God
a personal insult to you? it is a personal insult to me how you treated women "he's still dicking bimbos" I heard someone well-known say.... (read Wikileaks people, the Clintons are disgusting) Also books: "Trance-formation of America" & "Thank you for the memories"
Maybe you should see a little of this we almost believe your story close but no cigar https://www.facebook.com/DavidJHarrisJr/videos/1996288290583651/ …
Or raping women
Says the liar that doesn’t inhale
Shut up all of you ! Bringing up monica ! Build a bridge your current President has lies more times then any Clinton! Australia is lol at u
Thats right you used Russian payment for uranium
Your philandering poking prodding sexual misconduct at the @WhiteHouse is A PERSONAL INSULT TO  Especially on our time & dime ! #CrookedHillary #ChelseaWedding the #hypocrisy shows your #TrueColors let our people go stop the lies & BREAKING #peacefultransitionofpower #MAGA
IF YOU NEED TO DENY
Sorry if you're triggered Mr. President, but it's a well known fact that your corrupt foundation is used for your own greedy crony-capitalistic purposes. You bilked the Haitians out of millions. Why should we believe anything you or Hillary say?  We all know that y'all are liars!
we know that
But it's absolutely true that you signed the infamous "Defense" of Marriage Act into law, banning gay couples from getting married, and bragged about it on right-wing radio to grab the homophobe vote, all the while committing adultery.
Selfish Clintons, Go return the money to the USA
Doesn’t everybody know that you guys are pretty loaded and have no need to use donation money to pay for your daughters wedding

Then LET'S TALK ABOUT YOUR BROTHER IN LAW IN HAITI YOU GAVE HIM GOLD MINING RIGHTS, LET'S TALK ABOUT KRISTINE MARCEY CHILD TRAFFICKER FOR YOUR PAY TO PLAY
You may want to ask CHARLES ORTEL AND ALL THE DEDICATED ECONOMISTS, LAWYERS THAT INVESTIGATE IRS TAX FRAUDS, YOUR FOUNDATION WAS NOT SET UP TO BE A AIDS VACCINE GIVER. THOSE TAINTED VACCINES GAVE 100S OF THOUSANDS THE AIDS VIRUS. FACT DOCUMENTS
#followthemoney
How can anyone believe a disbarred lawyer?
You Lie!
Where did all the Clinton Foundation Money go?

Hundreds of Millions in
Payoffs to your $“wife”$ through you for bribes

Russian Uranium Deal

#ClintonCorruption

@HillaryClinton
@johnpodesta
@ChelseaClinton
@FBI
@jeffsessions
@DNC
@ClintonFdn
@ClintonGlobal
@WJCLibrary
How can anyone believe a disbarred lawyer?
Spit of Chelsie Clinton the resemblance is uncanny.
Awe diddumms 
Remember when you & Hillary provided assistance to convicted child trafficker, Laura Silsby, resulting in a reduced sentence for attempting to traffic 33 children out of Haiti?
yeah when u take the money from Haiti u can then say it is yours you lying rapists
Soooooooooo, then where'd it all go? And why have so many people died that wanted to hold you accountable? I'll wait.
Don't worry Slick Willy. We have several more,Million of them ready for you.........but how does the Clinton foundation manage to spend only 8-9.5 % of all monies taken in ,did that money pay for the little hogs wedding ?

Let's have an audit of the foundation and see where the money went. Certainly not to the suffering in Haiti.
Liar, liar, pants on fire.   Not the first time you have lied, is it?
Bwahahahaha. Ok maybe it was the money from uranium one? You know, those pesky Russians??
That's kind of like you saying, " I did not have sexual relations with that woman" see where this going? You should move away. Far away.
From the man with the slick cigar
 liar liar pants on 
Oh. Because you say so?
And you didn’t have sexual relations with that woman........

I, did not, spend, those funds, on, that, ceremony!
Liar
You stole the money... or please do tell, where is it? Haiti never saw it.
You and Hillary are an insult to America, thank God she didn't win. Patriots are waking up. Blood is on your hands and your day is coming!
Ya...and you told us you "nvr had sex with that woman" soooo we are to believe you now? Yr dna was all over her monicas dress...and Haiti's terra firma you "helped" is all over chelseas wedding dress...you...hellaree and yr spawn are an insult to We The People for life! Jst shhh
How did you make your multi-millions then? From Hillary's "Best Seller" books?
 ....  oh wait.....
I think I just threw up in my mouth
He's gunning for you too


I'm going to start asking this before every flight

SAYS THE LIAR IN CHIEF!
YOU LIE! "I DID NOT HAVE SRXUAL RELATIONS WITH THAT GIRL MONICA" ! HAHAHA !
I did not have sexual relations with that woman... 

Yeah yeah yeah, and you didn't have sex with THAT woman...Hahahaha!  Tick tock Slick Willy.
https://twitter.com/FoxNews/status/967497269921681408 …

Good tv tomorrow night
TOMORROW: A special 2-hour SCANDALOUS - First, Episode 5: 'The Whole... and Nothing But' then an all-new Episode 6: 'Impeachment' - It all begins at 7p ET on Fox News Channel! http://bit.ly/2EO4XsZ  
I'm sure Monika and all the others share your righteous indignation sir..

Why does everyone put so much weight in what WikiLeaks says? More Russian trolls I suspect.


Why does everyone who looks into the Clinton foundation and child trafficking in Haiti end up dead? The coincidental deaths surrounding your Scandal are as statistically impossible as Hillary's 2016 primary exit polls.
Sure Bill, it all depends on the meaning of 'using foundation resources' 
"using foundation resources for her wedding and life for a decade, taxes on money from her parents...."
#Gitmo is awaiting #ExposeTheDeepState #ObamaGate #WeSeeYou #GreatAwakening No we are not Russians #WeThePeople have the power!
This statement is contingent upon Bill’s definition of the word “funds”.
Mr. President
You have the right to remain silent!
I DID NOT HAVE SEX WITH THAT WOMAN, MONICA LEWINSKY! Yeah, your last public denial puts a bit of crimp in this one. Let me guess. You were back to waging your finger, while you were tweeting this one. #OldHabitsAreABitch  BRAHAHAHA 
And what's your point? Trump does it all the time.
Yes it is an insult
Why does this insult you ? .. your entire wealth was built USING OTHER PEOPLES MONEY...WHAT A SCAMMER ...WHAT HAVE YOU EVER BUILT ?
Oh BULLSHIT Bill...wait till they start looking in to Haiti....

You’re a proven LIAR AND PEDO AND CHOMO
It just never made it to the bank so why would hatti still look the way it does if you oh I don't know give them the money in the first place.
O, so Haiti funds did pay for your daughters wedding.
Yes, Haiti money paid for Ugly Chelseas wedding...Wikileaks already proved that...NEXT!
The records are public. It gives donation ranges not specific amounts but the donors are listed. It also shows high spending on travel not on actual aid.
Did Bill Clinton have sexual relations with that woman? He would said no, why should we believe him about this?
Yes, Mr. Trump lied to seniors and disabled people but he didn't fool me.  I read about his meeting with Lyin Ryan about Social Security.  That I believed.  I will never forgive him for those lies to seniors despite the Word of Our Lord to forgive.  I forgive when he is gone.
We still miss you Bill. So sorry you have to respond to such nonsense.

I believe you. Happy Valentine's to you & @HillaryClinton
It was a personal insult to me when you began wrecking MY DAMNED COUNTRY! Get bent Bill. Try explaining to your 5 year old daughter to respect the highest office in the land while you lied to the country.
Yes & he did not have sex with that woman, Monica Lewinsky. We know. https://twitter.com/billclinton/status/952271892756553728 …
This news story, that some people voted for Trump because of this ancient history, is about as believable as an offensive video causing the Benghazi massacre. Or the 100s of other Clinton fairy tales.

The lies generated by this administration and supporters are only discerned by the rational thinkers.
Lie!
We believe you Bill!!!
Of course you do. He's never ever lied
Your a lying piece of s***...!!! You and your wifey will get yalls issue soon enough!! Bet on that!! #MAGA @realDonaldTrump #PatriotsRiseUp #resistance
Yes
Sounds like when @BillClinton said "I did not have sexual relations with that women" all Clinton's are liars. @ChelseaClinton @HilliaryClinton
Bill Clinton is a disgusting rapist.
Thief and collusion all in one:

Absolutely!
Wait until the offshore bank accounts are exposed. Does that include metaphysical currency? I've been listening to the Haitian people...
You could of used this pic.
You demand Trump to proof it so show us where the money came from for paying for it.
@BillClinton I have evidence that say otherwise. Nice try in lying. It’s funny that you had over a million dollars sent to you by the Middle East, I see here as well you sent some money to a charity in the Middle East and they sent the money back. You can’t hide the truth you.
Liar

Is that response like I did not have sex with that woman
Bill Clinton Says Haiti Funds Didn’t Pay For Chelsea’s Wedding, Then Wikileaks DROPS A NUKE!
Bubba really me thinks you doth protest too much.
So it’s ok for the Clinton to commit Crime without consequences and still be protected by the illusion lunatics who continue to believe the crooked Clinton’s are innocent. Wonder what the future of  the United States looks like in another 10-20 years.
I trust you #MeToo
Bill did you return all the furniture you took from the White House? Well it was a whore house when you lived there but you know what I mean! We know your foundation only gave 10% of donations you collected for victims in Haiti
LAIR
Only if you say so slick Willy.
This is horrible! Leave these people alone! If they did do it so what?
Are you fucking kidding me? If someone robbed your house and you caught them you wouldn't press charges? Justice needs to be served.
Considering you could pay for the wedding with interest you collected on the money you stole from Haiti 

You may actually be telling the truth

kinda
That is the craziest thing I've ever heard (well, maybe not considering what goes on every day in "USA: The Reality Show Version"....your humanitarian efforts are well-respected and Chelsea is such an exemplary young woman.
#LMAO
What exactly is “this one” doing?
It Depends on What your Definition of IS; IS. Y Don't we Do a Real Audit Right Now; including an FBI investigation; into The Clinton Foundation apropos charges of Pay4Play in Uranium 1 Deal, & access 2 Interviews with HRC. Faux Charity; only 10% to charity; 90% Expenses. Slush
Lies
You all should watch bill clintons 1995 imagration speech he sounds just like trump. These people dont care about us the say anything for a vote. Flip flop and pander. Keep us turned against each other so we do see there real crimes andagenda
Hillary is an insult to #WeThePeople
Bill, Trumpsters don't have cognitive thinking because thinking is elitist.
I did not get a Lewinsky from that w...  Errr  Uhh..  In did not have sexual relations with that woman, Monica Lewinsky
I believe you.  It is just another attempt to blacken your presidency.  Those of us who appreciated you do not believe much of what these people say.
