We're excited to work with @mcdonaldscorp to establish new nutrition goals for #HappyMeal offerings worldwide: http://bit.ly/2EHrZRj  
Tell us more about the industries of the escort service and money laundering as in The Clinton Foundation. Thanks for the Democrats Bill you were only impeached as President and not removed from office which you should have been. (7) votes shy in the Senate kept you as President.
And give me your take on Donald Trump’s morals. You are dead wrong about the Clinton Foundation @56brownpelican.
Donald Trump is a man that in the past has not been without immoral issues I'm sure. Unless he has broken the law that is his personal business. He loves the US and is President to it's citizens to help them. Clinton Foundation is a questionable thing. Read next text to continue.
FACTS:Bill Clinton was extremely immoral before & after becoming President. Impeached as such and 7 votes away from removal. Hillary was first lady, Senator of New York, Secretary of State and ran for President. Her factual record in politics for 30 yrs shows her ineffective.
Hillary Clinton as many failures. She compromised national security as Secretary of State in various ways with the Email clearance issues, support failure in Benghazi, selling of uranium to Russia, Russian collusion in her election, political interference by her husband and her
in her campaign for president with both the FBI and the DOJ. Evidence supports all of this to be true. Bill & Hillary are not only corrupt but have both broken laws and should be prosecuted by due process. This is why Hillary Clinton did not get elected to be president. Next-
Under investigation which should have continued and would have if Bill wouldn't have met with AG Lynch on the tarmac in AZ to change that should have made Hillary Clinton not able to run for any public office. Her and Bill are what's wrong with Politicians being self-serving. End
The most brilliant President.....
Give him a cigar for Monica!
thanks.

What about bubble gum cigars because you don't inhale when you have sex in a closet? Allegedly
let's discuss the murdered boys that witnessed the "incedent" on the train tracks
I know how to spell Incident but apparently autocorrect doesn't
Check b4 U send
Wow! An angry 12 year old boy
fuck off pathetic loser, only people with low self esteem go around on twitter correcting typos
He who relie on spelling truth wins 
Lets see how long  trump  and e u brexit  david camron syria war  gouth east demascus putin  chancellor a markel go on
Yeah,okay,all orange.
The right color, 
Today -- marriage

Thanks to Ronald Reagan and Donald Trump.  It is Unfortunate that You Setup the Bush's and the families of 9/11 for a BJ
U hurt bottoms all right. By analy raping little girls at lolita island

Customer first!!!!!
Too bad you blew it with the Fair Packaging and Labeling Act. Had you stuck to principle, we would have legally labeled two liter bottles of soda pop in the USA today


@HealthierGen @McDonaldsCorp Yes, but for some evident reasons industries aim to make so much profit that helping is forgotten.
The clintons   FBI CIA FDA and George soros all one big corrupted family
2.
Never any cigars in them


Below is a list of women with legitimate accusations against president Trump.
"the list"
.
.
.
.
The end.
Dats da boy
To the guy who said you should have been removed, I want to say yes you did wrong by committing adultery and then lying but thank God you did not sell out your country to our enemy.
I can't wait til Monday because I will be at your presidential library observing all that calm relaxed smooth sailing carefree  success you made our country. I cried because you couldn't stay on. We need to change term limit. You were brilliant and effective and unbeatable
In every industry...
Very nice
thanks.
@BillClinton did you do the right thing for the Haitians?
Clintons are scum and done. Herpes Hillary and cigar bill should take the Haiti money and run.
#lockthemup
#clintons us
What cell number are you in, I'll write
#Shsallin We are livin this!!!! – at Riverside Superior Court - Hall of Justice
#shsallin Who has the scariest bailiff of them all? Santiago does, that’s who!!!! – at Riverside Superior Court - Hall of Justice
Why does this sound like “The Jack Daniel’s Driving School”
Happy meals ? Really ! Government involvement in what we eat is not acceptable , America not going all Soylent Green Lol
Well Fk me. So now they are trying to tell us MCcrap is good for us. Have you heard of obesity? I have even heard a whisper of solent green effect Hmmm people burgers.
Why don’t you make food that is hot and fresh so bacteria doesn’t kill someone? No one gets a hot burger from McDonald’s, Luke warm slop!
Why do you support Putin's Puppet while attacking those who stand against Putin's crimes & strengthened our Country?
(Its rhetorical - I block Putin-lovers).
Ya and thanks for letting China in the wto

Who's bottom line Bill ?
Yours
Trump Is Stealing America Blind,...
while you throw trash at the last President in modern hx to give his successor a Surplus.
Stop supporting a weaker America.
I spent most of my working life trying to impart that knowledge into people whom sadly the vast majorly of the time preferred to listen to greedy accountants with no expertise in marketing concentrating only on the current financial year.
Love, love love you President Clinton!
Who cares
Bill, who are you to talk about "doing the right thing"? SHAME ON YOU (AND HILLARY ) to keep commenting on things like you and your wife are a normal human beings.
Leave the 4pc nugget with all fries and a coke to drink alone. Mind your own business. And try to keep from sticking cigars in women’s vageen
I agree  with you
How much did they pay you to tweet that Slick?
I can’t eat there anyway as a vegetarian. Even their fries are dipped in meat juice. Sigh
I agree Bill, doing the right thing always has long term gains, and benefits everyone.
Thank you President Clinton
What do you know about doing the right thing?
Go soak your head.
STFUCLINTON
What a loser you are! Go find something productive to do.
.
Shut up Bill @BillClinton
Your bottom line certainly never suffered. #Haiti
Hey #BillClinton let’s admit it: the only #bottomline ur interested in is on a #skirt! #MeToo #POTUS42 #HillaryClinton #bottomline #ChelseaClinton #Haiti #ClintonFoundation #WallStreet
Thanks Bill but the country has other things on its mind today.
Address that.
Thank you! God bless WJCF!! Truth and great!!!
クリントン大統領〜〜
Hey Bill. How's Paula Jones?
This is stupid.
Physical education  needs to be be  brought back and students must all not be able to pass till able to do so many pushups and sjtups and to complete a 1mile jog
What's the difference between a citizen and a consumer?
Why is it legal that companies know more about me than my government?
What's a company doing anyway with a national security clearance? What do they need one for?

Too bad the Social Security Administration and liberal U.S. Gov’t agencies have only tried to euthanize him.  At least the U.S. Gov’t has succeeded at destroying him instead of helping him.     https://www.youcaring.com/jefffellers-1094238 …
Yes good initiative
*written from the Lolita Express
Me president god bless you and family
This hits home for me in so many ways, because major corporations dont realize keeping your CSRs happy and well paid keeps customers coming back for more bottomline you get what you pay for. Marinade on that!
Haiti would disagree.
What have you dont for Haiti? Shut up and find something productive to do for the planet!
THE CLINTONS ARE PROFESSIONAL CON ARTISTS.EVERYTHING THEY DO IS FOR THEIR BENEFIT.DON'T LET THEM FOOL YOU ANYMORE.
@bigfatsurprise
What industries are helping costomers ?
This is what moving on AND moving FORWARD looks like. Thank goodness some people can still do this! :)

How’s your friend @SenGillibrand doing nowadays? #Democrats #MeToo #TimesUp #ThursdayThoughts
what exactly does the clinton foundation do? #Haiti
Launder huge amounts of bribe money.
the ' charity" is just a front.
I truly understand.

One of the best skits ever!
McDonalds and Healthy - Best Joke of the last 2000 years !
What hurt our tax base , billy , you signing NAFTA after stern warning from a man named Perot !
Ya. And he also pushed and pushed  for China to China get in the wto promising a better America !
Absolutely!
It all starts with the people serving the food and how they handle it.
code talk. WE SEE YOU.
In America, the basis for all good works is enlightened self interest .
We are not a  naturally generous people, all bullshit to the contrary notwithstanding.
Shouldn't you be packing for Prison @BillClinton ??
agree
Well, how Adam Smith is that. 

Your political apointee (and my mom), Michele Hunt - @dreammakersorg - has been writing about just that. Businesses need to know that they can DO WELL BY DOING GOOD. @GreystonBakery & @benandjerrys are excellent, living examples! https://www.amazon.com/DreamMakers-Innovating-Greater-Michele-Hunt/dp/1783535687/ref=mt_paperback?_encoding=UTF8&me= …
Her newest book, "DreamMakers: Innovating for the Greater Good", tells their story and many more... https://www.amazon.com/DreamMakers-Innovating-Greater-Michele-Hunt/dp/1783535687/ref=mt_paperback?_encoding=UTF8&me= …
Especially in the Foundation industry, right Bill?
Shut up already. Go find something productive to do for the planet.
Doing the right thing because it helps the bottom line- and not absolutely irrespective of it- is the essence of neoliberalism. Do the right thing. PERIOD. Full stop. If you're worried the bottom line when making ethical decisions, you're inevitably going to make an unethical one
Not interested. You have to be happy to eat happy meals.
I don’t go to McDonalds because they show Fox News on their TVs. It’s ridiculous!
Where we live every McDonald's within a 50 mile radius will only play CNN on their TVs, I bring my daughter in after school and ask them to put a cartoon on one of the 5 TVs and they refuse and tell me"if I don't like CNN I should eat across the street at Burger King
Rapist

It's not trolling if it's truth.
Caring for the Children is Job #1
SAYS THE MAN WHO SIGNED NAFTA AND SOLD OUT OUR JOBS TO OTHER NATIONS!!!!! GO AWAY!!!
Veggie burgers on the menu please. @McDonalds. Thank you, Mr. President. Still “I Miss Bill” in our house.
Bill Clinton is a rapist
The US Attorney In Little Rock, has convened a grand jury to investigate 
the Clinton Foundation charity fraud,
this will be their Waterloo.
McDonalds isn’t the place I would go to eat healthy or take my kids... and you even look at the reg menu the price of a cheeseburger less than 2  vs the price of a salad like 7. Someone with very little money will get the cheaper option
Indeed
Can you confirm or deny whether or not you and Hil-dog legitimately funded Isis? Also I hope you get mad stoned today B
I liked the Super Size fries. It was my choice to pay an extra 39 cents. They took that choice away. People complain because they have no willpower, because they have been brainwashed. Those Super Size fries were good!
Correct. It is just as easy to do the right thing as the wrong thing @BillGates
You’ve completely disappointed me!
hey Mr. @BillClinton how r you doing,is Hilary doing good,how is Chelsea?
It's important that we help and not hurt the customers. 

As Mr. Eugene Krabs once said: #TheMoneyisAlwaysRight!
What does this have anything to do with the matter at hand?

Why did you tweet this? What does this have to do with this thread? What are you trying to achieve? Just trying to understand your mindset...

You were trying to prove that you were also a troll I guess...

With all do respect sir-I get the point, but could you please not use McDonald's as your case study?

I designed this bead art beanie in your likeness hope you like & see it  

Bill you probably would ship these McDonald happy meals overseas.
Can you name two more examples?
Awesome example, thank you. I'll say Tesla as well - winning the hearts and minds (and ultimately the dollars) of environmentally conscious consumers.
