We know about you and lunch lady’s
Hey! You two belong together. You’re wife is a POS and a hypocrite to boot!
By raping their mommies Billy?

North Idaho kids are heading to Washington DC! Would your foundation like to help in the cost? Message me to donate.
What a great and meaningful trip for kids who otherwise wouldn't be able to access east coast national capitol!Where can I donate to help?
This is a great gesture, but It actually makes me even more sad that there are kids with "Lunch Debt".
Let these donations be brought to Africa too,  to help Africans mostly Liberian
I really need helped in my organization if anyone can help it's a big applaud...
Imagine what your foundation could have done if you hadn't used all that pay-for-pkay cash to line people's pockets - like the Russians.
And shit, all that cash the Riskiest paid you for your speeches could have have bought a LOT of books for poor school districts.
Buncha Crooks!
Remember boys and girls...
Helping kids is helping a whole génération. Good work
Its nice to see genuine acts of kindness, but everything has a price including women....
He’s dead. So...
I agree Mr. President, but I also feel no student in economic distress should have to worry about whether their mom or dad has money to pay for school lunch.
They shouldn’t.  We have a free lunch program for those kids.  We’ve had it since i used it as a kid.  The rest are subsidized and offered at a lower price.  Our current administration is trying to take both of those away.
Of course they are :-/

FUND RAISING...... OUR ORG. (SAVEANDCARE ORG) WITH THE SUPPORT OF WOMEN SUPPORT INITIATIVE ORG. AND HOME FOR ORPHANAGE ARE RAISING FUNDS FOR WIDOWS AND ORPHANS AFFECTED…
Clinton=Yuck
Thank You Mr Clinton for sharing this story!

HELLO ?ISTER BILL
https://soundcloud.com/elithamedic/c-prod-by-elithamedic …
Guns kill, he'd be alive today if he didnt have a gun. #GunControlNow
Why doesn't your foundation do this for our children here Bill?
Tweeter refused my tweet , I wrote what about your black son ???? Forgot u bore him ???
You have a black son Ass hole ,what about him ?????
Awesome
Thank U PRESIDENT CLINTON for sending out this tweet. What a great man Mr. Castile was & such a wondrful thing that he brawt this 2 the forfront. Such a waste of a life. RIP Mr. Castile U hlpd so many children & that help continues becuz of U. SUCH A GREAT MAN!
Its One Thing To Talk About Something And But Actually Doing It. Thats Bill Clinton!
Thank you.

While Trump wasted 93 MILLION in taxpayers funding, to ferry his LARGE butt to his own golf courses, & charges us for that too..That money could be used to help all kids eat.
On the other way, one' d get another interpretation with Ivory Coast' s memory. Red Lily (Cabo Verde' s Marine)' d be driver of Blue Dahlia to deal with unity of Blacksea/Whitesea and transfer of Black Rose from Middle East to Bistro through Canape Plan.
I totally agree every step to bettering our schools is a step in the right way.
Democrats announce their 2020 Dream Ticket:
Better than your BJ with Monica, and your Lazy eyes on Forgein/ Internal Affairs.  And your Daughter is a Shame Reflection for attacking the Trumps.
I would like to do my part to help our school children have safety in schools with my invention http://fireescapechute.com  school scenario
The blue colour' d refer to Blue Danube and tall children. In fact, there' d be Black Forest (Germany/Whitesea) and Blue Danube represented by army and civilian for Mars. Then Asiatic' d be East Germany/Blacksea to take back Australia-Indonesia-Vietnam.
also think the lunches should be improved re quality. Even if it's the only meal some kids get does not mean it should smell nasty.
What a great story. Thanks for tweeting this Bill. I may have missed it otherwise.
President Trump became the hero of the entire world today!
Little Rocketman blinks! Something no other president was able to accomplish!  He is averting a nuclear war!
Ok you two @JoeBiden that's all I got to give please get me hell outta here I want a #Beer  & #SteakDinner  & I want go to Hawaii visit Pearl Harbor complete my #Granddaddys path to #Peace & fulfill my #SilentPromise I made at 5 years old to make the #Blaine family #Immortal
I wonder what bill , Obama & Hillary think about the great news with NK? I bet they would rather see NK have nuclear then give credit to Trump, that's how sick these people really are..
There you go!...a noble act that we shall be equalized...times a million. Also, my humble respect to a great Mandatary of all time Mr. Bill Clinton and family. Ex animo, Mr. F. Alexis Bernabe.
CNN CHAOSNEWSNETWORK
Poor Slick Willy.  Still trying to stay relevant by inserting himself in someone else’s moment in the spotlight.  Please go away.

Cool
Good day Mr.President..Can get my all my needs today?
We need Clinton back in the White Castle

What a heart he had, need more caring people like him. It disgusts me that schools would let a child go hungry, they would rather throw food away that was not eaten at lunch, rather than feed a child .  I would like to know what the hell our country is becoming????
May he Rest In Peace. He didn’t deserve to die so young!

We have wonderful people in our world, and recognizing these great citizens with the turmoil in the WH & Congress it gives me hope for our countries future.  Appreciated you and HRC for you contributions to our great nation, sad what lies do.  I was honored to vote for HRC!
#HRCvideo
Liberal posterchild:
Black- check
Repeat offender - check
Goes for his gun when pulled over- check
Hanging out with dope smoking crowd- check.

In the words of Jim Carrey in Liar Liar, "STOP BREAKING THE LAW 
A$$HOLE!!
And this man had his life taken unnecessarily so!
How do you know their parents don't have jobs. You really aren't in touch with the real world are you?
By molesting them! #PedoBill 
Sacrificing to Molech? 
Vids coming 
The tough on crime fearmongering you peddled helped build up the conditions of unaccountable police violence that killed him and your antipoor, antiblack, antiwoman decimation of the social safety net helped create the want that this charity addresses.
@GovMarkDayton Let’s extend this to a statewide fund! Matching donations/partnership with private business (Target, Gen Mills, 3M).
Nancy Pelosi donates crotch stained,skid marked,arm pit stained outfits and a nut cracker gavel To museum for being Lady Speaker of the House.Which museum will allow custodians to wear while cleaning toilets.Step down before you get too much behind Ms.Polosi.

Bill everyone has a ploy,now I know the cop just didn’t come up to the car and shot than say “drivers license and registration PLE#SE ?” Everything happens for a reason.
Just like feeding the kids in Haiti, oh that's right, that money was used to pay for your horse's wedding.
Go away
Great job
Jizz on a dress lately??
Sir, Good thoughts and activities remain, even when the persons are not there.True homage to the personality.Thanks for sharing the article.
Awesome
why now you want help the child
#cheaters
Dengan cara menggali dana dari masyarakat yg perduli akan nasib anak anak.
Thank you! God bless WJCF!!Yes,it is meaningful indeed!!!
Philando's fist was one my son looked forward to bumping every morning at JJ Hill Montessori.  I appreciate you highlighting this story, as he meant so much to so many.
Why don't you donate your money back to Americans??? We are broke!!
我有冤屈，江苏钱宝网政府站台，中央宣传，现在翻脸不认人，说是非法集资，警察疯狂上门找人登记报案做伪证，以单位。工作相威胁，政府一点责任都没有吗？野蛮执法+联合媒体随意抹黑，这种做法还让我们老百姓怎么相信国家，相信共产党呀，希望中央领导能看到消息，派人下来公平公开解决这个事情
wat about Nigeria
salutes
Beautiful...
@POTUS @Donaldtrumpjr20 @MSNBC @CNN Hey Don Sr & Don Jr, why don't you use your hunting allowance to pay school lunch debts in New York instead of using the money to travel,hunt,kill precious wild animals for joy and pleasure! Hmmm pay lunch school debt or go kill a wild animal.
Cash in bill cash in....
Good Morning Mr.President..
Yeah, I guess you do need the children alive so you can visit them with Epstein.

Fine gentlemen and such an unfortunate loss for our country. Why are kids going hungry or in debt for lunch. I don’t get it. There have been programs for this for all this time since I was in Kindergarten.  We are a better society than this.
He should wipe out the school lunch programs and replace it with something the kids will eat instead of throw in trash

Out of tragedy comes some good.  Proud to be from Minnesota.
You received $500,000 one speech in Russia you couldn't wipe out the debt that was owed by that school? You ought to be ashamed of yourself to even bring this up
I’ll always love you, Bill. You’ll always overwhelmingly be Gen X’s favorite President and personal hero 
#ReleaseTheRawVideo #MAGA #MTWGA #WhereWeGoOneWeGoAll #WeAreReady
What a wonderful way to honor his memory. #PhilandoCastile #BlackLivesMatter #kindnessmatters
Your photos are obvious of the liberal democratic agenda . Pimp the Minorities. Get there vote and keep them dependent. Refugees and illegals are Your next big windfall.
You are so fake
What and deeply meaningful way You creep on women Bill .
Hope you and many others who care about impoverished families and children will also support this cause!
Intersting post. I did not know you were still alive Bill.
How can you wake up next to Hillary every day...Now I know why you cheat...I would too
Tearing up just seeing this beautiful guys photo, knowing how we lost him. So glad good still being done in his name. i think i will always have wet eyes when seeing his pic.
Thank you for posting this, president clinton! Phil was known to ppl in my family and a real good man. This is awesome and honors him well. May he RIP
He was a good man with a good heart! Opposite of current @POTUS
Btw, we miss you as president still! Thank you for your mannny philanthropic works. Hillary too, is just so inspiring to women and an incredible lady who gave so many yrs of service.  u both!
A wonderful thing to do..thank you. But, I have to ask, why do we have children in debt for lunch? Richest country on planet.. executives pulling in 100's of million dollars a year, and we have children in debt for lunch? Got to be a sin in there somewhere. Shame Shame Shame

Weiner's Life Insurance File to be released soon so American's can see how you & Hillary really feel about children!
That’s really nice!
Mr. Clinton #StillMyPresident
Billy Boy the great humanitarian....not!
So why is CNN supporting this? Illegal immigrant?  A right doesn’t make a wrong any better.
This is a great story.
This touched my heart.  Philando should NEVER have died that day.  His legacy lives on.
Castiles memory will live on in our children. Sometime you don't hear the truth about someone until he's gone
I like you your wife and your daughter saw your daughter on the View about her new book which ill look for i feel democract and some things Republican so dont get upset
When citizens are armed to the hilt,racism is seen as a simple stereotype-it’s no wonder there are nervous police on high alert. Stress would be unbelievable, their judgement affected by deep seated suspicion and fear. Wouldn’t want to be in their shoes. Tragic avoidable loss
Monica approves
We need many more like him. God bless him. And his family for enduring this tragedy with courage and principles he left them.
Great man ! 
Indeed, it takes a great mind.
We need more people like this in the world
Thanks for sharing this with us, President Clinton! I am from Minnesota and what happened with Philando Castile rocked our state. It's wonderful to see this large and kind act. Children deserve to eat!
This is what America is about. Helping out, not enriching oneself to the point of obscenity.
クリントン大統領
Thank you young man!!!
Thanks Jefferson tomas
"Hi" Mr. President Clinton.
From the pedophile in chief that means a lot...how's that Haiti relief money doing that i donated to
Very heartwarming... thank you for sharing Mr. President
Poor man. The sad story of his murder haunts me.
Great
Such a sad loss... the world is a poorer place....
Why does it take something like this to feed kids in America. We should be ashamed.
I agree wholeheartedly. But no kid should ever have school lunch debt!
This is a perfect example of love out of a horrible act.
The Haitian people are still waiting for their money.... It would be nice if the Clinton Foundation did something Noble instead of rip the world off....
They need successful education.
Thank you for tweeting this, Sir.
What a magnificent gesture which deserves headline news
Wonderful
agree
