This weapon was illegal in the USA between 1994-2004.  Uses of it in mass shootings declined.  And America was still a free nation with a right of self-defense.  There's no reason we can't renew the Assault Weapon Ban today. https://twitter.com/KLemkau/status/963949652084129792 …
The AR in “AR-15” rifle stands for ArmaLite rifle, after the company that developed it in the 1950s. “AR” does NOT stand for “assault rifle” or “automatic rifle.”
The term "assault weapon" denotes a category of weapons which includes the Colt AR-15 and other semi-automatic rifles. The fact that AR in its name stands for "ArmaLite rifle" is irrelevant.
I don't get why ppl split hairs like this. I don't care what you call it, it's was designed from the outset as a weapon of war to kill people and it is scarily effective at that job.
No not at all... there are more killings by guns in gun free zones and states fact.  if somebody wants to kill they WILL with a weapon or not. I for 1 will protect my family and friends if that means killing with AR15 so be it !!!
My state started enacting gun control legislation in the 90s. Since 1994, the number of gun-related deaths has decreased by 60%, so if you're trying to say gun control legislation doesn't work, you're wrong.
You obviously don't live in Chicago. ...lol
Yeah, the gun lover's favorite city to bring up, ignoring the fact that bordering states have shitty gun laws and Chicago PD has traced a LOT of guns to those states. Sorry, that argument is spent.
No it isnt.  What's spent is blaming other states for your problems...  But, what is seemingly missed is the value and prestige that portions of Chicago place on being a punk.  Bunch of weaklings who need a gun to be a man.  Poor victims of society.  Ha!  Just punks....
Two wrongs, don't make a right, Bill. 

All of your body guards have access to these types of weapons your trying to ban. All Americans should have that right too. 
Stop being pretentious. Not everyone is a threat to your way of life. 
Argue 4 Healthcare to prevent more tragedies
this is the reason we have president trump as president to defend THE 2ND AMENDMENT and the great USA
@BillClinton, I know Bush 41 and Bush 43 are Republicans, but maybe could they be convinced to join an all living ex-presidents initiative against Assault Weapons similiar to how you all came together after the Hurricanes. #AssaultWeaponsBan
Excellent idea Maggie.   
I'm not rich or power so they can 100% steal the idea.
NEVER GONNA HAPPEN. ...AND NO ONE HAS MURDERED MORE PEOPLE THAN YOU AND YOUR OLD LADY AND YOUR MAFIA FORMER PRES
We need to take a good hard look at the violence on TV & video games. We preach love & non violence but these kids are growing up with violence & hatred everyday on the their TV screens and monitor! We can't think this is NOT going to have an effect on their psyche! #mediareform
There are violent TV programs and Video games all over the world. there are people with mental illness all over the world. THIS is an American problem and it’s called GUNS!
I agreer,  you are absolutely right.
You’re the reason we have “assault weapons” Bill.
Says the guy who is surrounded by armed people to protect him.   Yeah that makes sense
To accomplish that we would need a Clinton in the WH. @realDonaldTrump just adds to the problem.
Weapons werent the problem, it was a BlowJ with some snort of Cok for your membrane that weakend USA defense force
Thank you for speaking out Mr President
Oh yeah he’s a roll honorable person I suggest you guys watch a documentary called scandalous I told you about the real Clintons and what kind of womanizer bill was and how horrible Hillary treated those women if you liberals have the guts to
I was told the assault weapon ban had no effect on mass shootings statistics.
https://youtu.be/Tj6czCqj1mE  #MAGA #Biden #BLM #Mali #TPE #POTUS #GBR #USA #RT @miakhalifa #Bali #Africa #Spain #RTarabic #rtทักเดม @ClintonFdn @ObamaMalik @BarackObama #ATL #NYC #0225あんステ踊ってみたin関西 @amyschumer @SenWarren @JoeBiden @ObamaMalik #PAK #POL #PUR #TOG #RVA #MD
Remember how many house and senate seats you lost with that while you were busy staining Monica’s dress?
Boy, the bots are sure out tonight! @TwitterSupport
Not a bot here. Just letting Bill know I remember his crooked presidency! How old are you? Like 2?
Obama had 8 years to re-enact legislation.  Why no action?  We want to blame a president who has been in office for 1 year?
Obama was blocked by Congress in every legislation he tried to pass
He was able to sign a SECRET deal for our Uranium Ore to the Russians against our laws for Congressional consent.  Why isn't Obama in being prosecuted for that CRIME alone!!!!   Hillary was also in on the deal and she received kickbacks from the Russians.
Sadly, it doesn't matter what Ron says. America's No.1 killing conspiracy: @NRA & @GOP will gladly continue to exchange the deaths of innocent men, women, and little children for money.

Terrorism, American style.
Lol the shooter in TX was taken down by an NRA Instructor, and Not one of these "Mass shooters" has been an NRA, GOA, or other national gun organization Member, and go look at mother Jones, they have data going back to 82 and the first time an AR15 was used was in 2006
So you think the stats are wrong? That sounds like a good reason to once again DO NOTHING. I don’t give a rats ass because ONE was too many. Columbine, Auroara, Sandy Hook, Pulse, San Bernardino, Parkland..... #ENOUGH
Then what do you suggest, stricter background checks, Fort Hood Orlando Navy Yard shooters, all passed the standard background check, All had a Security Clearance that require a psychological evaluation, clearly state what changes aside from an all out ban is that you want!!
Well @RSuz52 what more is it that you want, No I am not a bot or Russian Troll so you can stop yelling to @twittersupport once you can produce fact and not feelings I might consider what you say, well what are your thoughts that will not take rights away Lawful gun owners
I guess that you don't have any thoughts of your own that do not infringe upon others rights
Here’s one YOU are still a troll
An AR15 is not an assault weapon. The ban has been in place since 1986. There is nothing an AR15 does that any rifle can't do
If you are so worried about Trump then why would you want to disarm the country? If Trump is so bad wouldn't you be afraid he would just takeover after the guns are gone? I know that's how I feel about the Democrats. I will never disarm! #tic_toc_slick_willie
Well said #MrPresident 
The right to bear arms shouldn't mean assault rifles.
@POTUS you listening
@realDonaldTrump you listening
#USA you listening
@USCongress You listening
@FBI You listening 
@USSupremeCourt1 You listening
@BarackObama Say something.
#TimeForChange America
There IS NO REASON civilians need weapon of war.. BAN assault rifles PERIOD..
Anyone that is caught wt an AR-15 should have a mandatory 5 year prison sentence..buy them back.
Guns can be bought..children cannot be brought back,life is top priority 
Absolutely! I've been arguing with people that civilians do not need assault weapons. You do not hunt with one and is not suitable for home protection due to the penetrability of their bullets.
People hunt with AR15S and other AR variants all the time
What are we going to do about that gun in your pants?
Thank you @BillClinton   One of the best US presidents in this country’s history.
He's hugely responsible for this mass incarceration issue. So "one of the best" doesn't quite paint a good picture given his competition who condoned slavery and started the war on drugs and the war on poverty. I guess your standards are low for presidents.
Still one of the best. If not him, who would you say the best presidents were?
Obama.
Agree. Nothing personal @BillClinton , but @BarackObama First, then @BillClinton   Both great. And let’s not forget the great Ladies @HillaryClinton and @MichelleObama 

FUND RAISING...... OUR ORG. (SAVEANDCARE ORG) WITH THE SUPPORT OF WOMEN SUPPORT INITIATIVE ORG. AND HOME FOR ORPHANAGE ARE RAISING FUNDS FOR WIDOWS AND ORPHANS AFFECTED…
AMEN Ron!
The 2nd Amendment shall NOT be infringed upon per our Constitution and like it or not, We The People will work until we get ALL our Constitutional Rights RESTORED that you criminals STOLE from us
President Clinton your assault weapons ban did not stop the broad daylight robbery in LA where the assailants wore home made body armor. Not to mention it did not reduce gun violence drastically. It had more than 10 years to prove itself. It did not. 
#StopDemLies
No reason exists whatsoever for any civilian to own an assault rifle. Should be strictly military use only!
There is no such thing as an Assult weapon, it is a made up term to describe a Semi-automatic rifle, to prove a point Google a Ruger 10/22 ranch rifle and tactical rifle, tell me how one makes it more lethal than the other, and Yes by the AWB of 94 the tactical one was banned
Some kids won’t have the wherewithal or the effort to go to black markets. They’ll stick to gun store. If that means they get a pistol rather than AR 15, it will save lives. Could be yours or your kid’s next time, sweetheart.
I agree with this 100%.  Why do you need a powerful Rifle to hunt in the USA, especially urban areas.
yeah, everyone has the right to bear arms, just as every kid hat the right to feel safe at school and come home to their family every day. I'm not saying we need to take all the guns, we just need to make them harder to get.
I know criminals cant have guns, but thats not what im saying. There should be more backround checks, and teenagers should be able to own a a firearm, also people with mental health issues shouldn't be able to have a gun is what im saying.
He passed a background check and the FBI failed to follow up on two separate tips about him
He shouldn't have been able to knowing that he got expelled form school for abusing his ex-girlfriend. We just need stricter background checks and teens shouldn't be able to get guns.
I find it ironic that Bill Clinton wants to ban guns.  His wife who was in charge of Health care reform helped govt push through Purdue Pharmaceuticals drug OxyContin which created the opiate epidemic which takes more lives then guns now. Hmmmm
Where did President Clinton call for the banning of fund. Your hatred for anything Clinton blinds a discussion about reasonable gun control.
He said assault weapons ban. He did also affectionately lure a 22 yr old girl to get him off in the White House and declared it not a sexual relation. My bad for thinking he might mean more than what he’s saying!
Yeah but you’d need to #takemoneyoutofpolitics
Then he'd be broke!  
Love you Mr President!!!!!!

And tax the sh*t out of the ammunition
Bill what does the AR stand for in the AR15?
Stands for it kills too many innocent people
No only the person using it kills too many innocent people. Not the firearm
So he could have done the same with a revolver?......I'll wait
Yes he could
 you're delosional
Own 2 shotguns and 4 handguns. Nobody "needs" an ar15 with 30 round magazines
Thats your preference not mine. When someone comes to your door that has one trying to take everything you have. Dont run down the street trying to find someone to help. Let me know how that turns out for you. Ill wait.
If you really want to reduce the number of people killed, stop supporting abortions and open borders.
Abortion is the biggest killer....not gun related but it’s not being banned, why?  Follow the 
Not related at at to this tweet. Please show some respect.
No respect is due, if you support the murder and dismemberment of babies you are not owed respect. More kids were killed by abortion that day, than in parkland.
Where did you get the idea I am supporting abortions from my tweet ? I simply stated that this us not the time or place to bring up abortion . This tweet is about some of our Countries children being murdered.  Again Sir try to have some respect .
Remind me when the Columbine shooting happened?
What's your point @DeusNeco? Are you staying that since we had a 'Columbine" nothing should be done and this SLAUGHTER of our children continue? #KicktheCan and do NOTHING.
No I’m saying that the Assault Weapons Ban did not work. Those 2 monsters still used other guns to kill. Wanna make a change make the gun laws so harsh it can’t help but change culture. Illegal possession 25-life. Guns used in crime auto life. Gun used to kill auto death sent...
It didn’t work because the gun lobby and people like you diluted the law to create loopholes. What we need is a simple law banning these guns, period. And universal background checks. And some type of age restriction like for buying booze. How can a kid buy AR-15 but not a beer?
We already have universal background checks. Every gun I have bought I had a background check.

Vote blue! Screw the NRA!
Please read the constitution & try to not pick a color. We need to get back to rule of law!
How magnanimous of you! However, I just read your information you gave about yourself! What a hypocrite you are!
God have mercy on your NRA-kept souls:

Richard Burr
$6,986,620 

Roy Blunt
$4,551,146

Thom Tillis
$4,418,012

Cory Gardner
$3,879,064

Marco Rubio
$3,303,355

Joni Ernst
$3,124,273

Rob Portman
$3,061,941

Todd Young
$2,896,732

Bill Cassidy
$2,861,047
And what About those that get Money from a group that kills a kid every 90 seconds, and has spent more than the NRA on those in Congress and the Senate, Plan Parenthood is that group plus they also receive taxpayer money to do so (as well as a tax write-off for the contributions)
Pretty ignorant statement. Way to pull statistics out of thin air. Federal funds by the way the law is set up go to healthcare, testing and education. No federal funds are allowed to be used for abortions, those funds come from private donations and grants.
Timm Freeman, the NRA only gets the tax write off, they do not get ANY Federal Funding FOR ANY program, like Firearm Safety, or Hunter Safety, and I did not pull the stats out of thin air they are posted ONLINE.
Thanks @BillClinton Turns out:
#2A was ratified the year that King Louis XVI was caught excaping France
--When African Americans were counted as 3/5 of a person. 
--When slavery was still legal.
--And women couldn't vote.
--And a musket was the standard weapon of the day.
So was every other amendment in the bill of rights.
Bot. Ignore. 
Wrong. Truth hurts liberals
Right. They won't do away with gun deaths, but it'd a start. They'll be grandfathered in. We can't let the NRA monopolize speech on this...and they will try, because they'll throw millions of dollars at this issue.
Not as much as Hillary paid for a fake dossier filled with lies !
I'm glad you know that for a fact. You must work for either the RNC or at the WH or maybe your sitting at a computer somewhere in the Kremlin. If none of those is true I would advise turning off the InfoWars or whatever other propaganda you have been torturing yourself with. Bye.
 I blocked the turd.
Me too.....but I had to get a shot off first 
You did good.
@BillClinton just spoke the truth but just wait for the Republicans to start snipping at him for speaking out in 3..2..
He did not have sex with that woman ha ha ha...yup he always tells the truth and I am British. All the British news  wondered how you were so gulable to believe a sex fiend he he ( what's a republican ? ) for once you don't have a crooked Potus and you hate him.  Typical yanks.
You don't think Trump is crooked? Good thing you are British! Trump is the biggest con man out there! Did Bill have sex? Yes but so did Trump many times over. Trump is in bed with Russia so bad it's not funny. All their money is funneled through there. Stick to the UK!
Wow did trump have sex with many different woman in the Whitehouse and rape woman like Bill. Sorry didn't know. Haven't seen that on the news yet. Please keep me posted. We heard that Chelsea had a special relationship with Dad?  Is that true..  Monica style ?
I agree. It’s time to ban these deadly weapons. Maybe Wayne LaPierre @NRA  and @POTUS need to start working together along with Congress to get the job done. Plus we need increased background checks and more stringent checks of violence on social media!
Bill was behind the shooting = globalist
Bot @TwitterSupport
Sir, with he utmost respect the AR 15 never left the market between 1994 and 2004. Several “features” were removed, mostly cosmetic, and they were still sold. We have significant societal issues creating despair the likes of which has never before been seen in advanced societies.
Other countries have same if not similar societal issues, yet they don't have students being gunned down. Why you ask....because they value life over gun sales. We don't.
Even if a ban is imposed, how many thousands of these weapons are already "In the wild"?

An amnesty will be needed to have them turned in.
So tell me how banning guns has made Mexico safer or Honduras safer??
We have a strong federal government better able to impose its will than those countries. You already knew that but it’s fun to repeatedly go through rituals we find comforting, so you say the next thing. GO!
Oh, then why had crime skyrocketed in the UK and Australia after thier bans?? So how's the war on drugs working out, oh ya that's right there is still a heroin methamphetamine weed ecstasy problem in the US Oh but please go on about how the US is better able to impose it's will
Oh, that’s the problem - you just have the wrong data!  Murder rates are 4x higher in US than UK or AUS. 

So happy I could help! DM us for a coupon code for an anti-gun shirt! 
Murder is already illegal, never stopped you though did it? #greatawakening #maga #lockemup #ticktock
what about a ban on RAPISTS.....oh wait u would not vote yes

#LOLITAexpress
Amen.
And Columbine happened right in the middle of that.  So how did that help with school shootings?
right
#NRA #BoycottHertz #GunControlNever #2ndAmendment  #BillofRights keep your fucking hands off “OUR”guns!!

This time, ban them forever!
Why did you yell at an Iraq War veteran
SCOTUS ruled that is legal to own under the 2nd amendment
When was columbine?
@AceAgogo here's your resource.
I second President Clinton!


Rapist
..and guess where the guns are made ? Should we bring that manufacturing back home?
History: 1993, President Bill Clinton awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the highest honor given to a civilian to , "Marjory Stoneman Douglas" #ParklandStudents #MarchForOurLives #StonemanDouglas High School



Freedom takes many forms.

In the US, for example, you are free to buy and own guns. Here in the UK, I am free to send my children off to school without once having to worry, even for an instant, that they might get shot dead at school today. It's just...a different freedom.
Mr. President - we still need your help and leadership to protect our kids.  Please step in and do all that you can to help end the stranglehold the NRA has on this country.
Your Whole Family Is A Joke.
What Happened?
Hillary Lost?
#USAWELOVEAPARADE
Maybe the rest of America can learn from our great state. We are beginning to see this sign at more and more Texas schools! Learn from us.
Thank you sir.
I wish we had someone like Bill Clinton back in office that would do something not just twiddle his thumbs

https://youtu.be/7RdAhTxyP64 
The president and Congress know full well that a bill taking away bump stocks is just a way to appease people that don't know any better. They need to get rid of combat weapons. Don't settle for anything less
#enough
There's no such thing as a fucking assault  weapon
Sorry bill you're an old white male also from of all places Arkansas. You're out of touch you initiated welfare reform that did nothing but make things worse and you also initiated mass incarceration mostly of brown and black poo who usually can't afford bail or attorneys
Poo?! People! Twitter doesn't allow editing of tweets.
What is going to help children like this?
I agree
Then please enforce @realDonaldTrump to make such legislations


What's an assault rifle Bill? If you don't know just ask Monica, she might be able to lend you a hand.
Thank you from your formerc Canadian  staff members and your on going mutilatrral Norte Americano partnerships!! 
@MishaSaranovich 
@TeamCanada 
@BCVacation
Bush grr
Your weapon was never in question was it ?
Your whole family is so phony......
Witness has come forward stating That Bill Clinton As Arkansas Governor Murdered 2 Children ..Beat Them and Stabbed Them and threw them on railroad tracks.. Witness claims he has a video ..#TickTock

& @HillaryClinton 

#NuremburgTrials_2pt0

The sound of FREEDOM... Coming to a theater near you, if it hasn't already. LMFAO
https://youtu.be/xW2ijF2ya1c 

Ty @POTUS @realDonaldTrump for being a PATRIOT & shining the LIGHT on the roaches.

#notSickOfWinning
#GreatAwakening
#1776_2pt0
Trump decision going bad even daily....
Bill Clinton is a Rapist
Yes. There must be ban of weapons on public places, especially schools, because human mind is often  emotionally imbalanced...
Guns Don't Kill--PEOPLE DO!!!
might want to research MKULTRA and anti-depressants too!!!

I wonder why there is always a "drill" when these horrific crimes happen?
I agree with you Bill ! Im for you and your family and OBAMA the more I think about it Trump has done wrong ! I do not like guns this kid getting a hold of guns not good
Speaking of conviction, Soon will be yours. @POTUS
If a ban were to occur would it also include confiscation of the 8-10 million semi auto  rifles? The prices on those remaining would skyrocket and create a black market, gun theft would skyrocket as well.

We know they have the cures we are worthy and deserving of those cures #ReleaseTheCures
Wow never knew that. Why was it repealed?
Any object can be used to assault,from a semi truck to a ball point pen,let's call anything you can assault someone with an assault weapon.Maybe those tactical weapons are not needed but the second amendment gives Americans the right to have one.They may be needed against tyranny
So, because you think you have the right to use weapons of war as toys, people with problems have the right to have them too, because they have them same rights as all Americans. I do not think the forefathers considered the toy playing with sickness when they wrote the 2nd Amd.
Ron is not right. The main thing your “assault weapons ban” did was make it more expensive for law abiding people to buy AR’s. The “assault weapons ban” addressed the cosmetics of the gun. You still had semi auto, high cap mag, pistol grip etc.
Only if the secret service agents protecting your corrupt family are willing to give up their assault rifles.  Yeah.  I didn’t think so. Elitist
Amen
That's right bill you got rid of some weapons when you were in the white house, it made it easier for you to eliminate 40 some of your friends/co-workers or just people digging to deep into the Clinton's
It is a foolish excuse to don’t take care of gun control. Their is a lot they can do to make safe our communities. It is not about losing rights, it is about losing money as usual. It is insane to think Americans are losing rights with gun control.
It’s NOT the gun.  Goofball
Did making rape illegal stop YOU from raping?  Sexual harassment in the workplace is illegal too. yet it did not stop YOU.
That's so right!! The only ones who need assault rifles is military!!!!

There's no reason we should!
Thank you, Mr. President. If only we had a real one in office now.

Columbine happened during this time period right
Love you Bill
What's going to keep the bad guys from getting black market or already have them , assult weapons are not the whole problem , someone that is going to do what the 19 year old did in Florida might come up with another plan , you need more done TREATING people like this .
Agreed. No one disputes that more needs to be done for mental health issues and especially towards diagnosing and treating people who show signs of being angry, hostile, desperate, stalkerish, etc. But why not make it more difficult for people to get guns then? And no AR!!
Because anytime you make a law , law abiding citizens will follow new laws and those who don't will still get these weapons
Clinton foundation is a ripoff.stop http://stealing.you  were impeached.remember Monica.
Since when do you know the difference between right and wrong?
Reading between the lines, the target it this specific gun, the AR-15. Why isn’t the discussion centered around the violence enabled by guns no matter they make/model.
Really, what brought about the legalization of this weapon after 2004?
Give it up #Traitor!  #WeThePeople can see the light of #Truth as your wall of corruption comes tumbling down! 
#ObamaGate #ClintonGate #Treason #FakeNews #GreatAwakening #MAGA
I left my gun home the other day and it didn't shoot anybody. Chicago, strictest gun control, highest murder rate.Criminals don't care if things are illegal.We need to keep our weapons to defend ourselves from criminals and from tyranny if the government get out of control!
Actually why dont we sentence folks to the death penality instead of club med. That may have a dampening effect of people who want to commit murder. And get rid of MKUltra.
Please!
Good Work Mr President! Check out book: GLOBAL WARMING OR GOD’S WARNING: A Prophetic Explanation... …http://www.drdesmondcoverleypropheticministries.com 
Thank you Bill, we must do something to get rid of the NRA!
Go back to your cigars at @billclinton, no one really likes you
#treason #PedoGate #Epstein #murderer #sedition #gunrunner #drugrunner #ChildTrafficking #HumanTrafficking #hangthemall
Assault rifle is a made up political term, it is just a rifle and no you will not take our rifles. This "ban" had no impact on crime. The horse has left the barn on the number of ARs in the  country. Try something different.
BUDDIES BILL COSBY & BILL CLINTON STILL FREE TO RAPE
Sir, the question is not WHETHER to reinstate the ban on assault weapons for civilian use, rather HOW SOON this can be done!
No idiot. No such thing as assault weapon.
Cut the crap, Bill.  The '94 AWB was a load of shit and you know it.  Folding stocks, flash hiders and bayonet lugs have absolutely nothing to do with the function of ANY firearm, and banning guns based on cosmetics is both stupid and ineffective.
These are the only guns we need!
#GunControlNow #guncontrol
Lol the bot is stuck in a loop!!!!!  #RussianBot
We have too, it can happen but it's going to take all of us to put pressure on Trump and his followers, but we have to do this together parents teachers Congressman our governors, senators, write them. Every State should be protesting now on behalf of our children. Trump/ban guns
To me, it is a mystery how a modern democratic nation can't see that this having firearms around normal people is at the source of the outrageos murder -and not only mass shootings- statistics in the US. We all undergo moments of distress. They can be fatal if a gun is at hand.
Thank you Mr. President for your leadership in this.
Two sides to everything - 2nd amendment gives free people the right of self defence while at the same time provides free people with the access to kill for the sake of killing.
It didnt work then

Columbine happened 
So did the Los Angeles Shooting in 1997
And over 3 dozen mass shootings

With pistols.

This is dead
Pedo chomo
