That's great! What's this I heard about 3,000,000 meals, only 50,000 sent?
She was paid by govt to deliver them and failed miserably
I SAW YOU ONTV. IN CHARLOTTE,NC.STANDING BESIDE REV.BILLY GRAHAM http://CASKET.YOU  SELF-CENTERED http://SINNER.YOU  SHOULD HAVE BEEN ON YOUR KNEES PRAYING AND ASKING GOD ALL MIGHTY FOR FORGIVENESS FOR THE EMBARRASSMENT,DISRESPECT, WICKEDNESS YOU DISPLAYED AS POTUS.
I bet the Haitians would rather have their children back!
Is this guy one of the Clinton connected people that made off like a bandit in Haiti? I’ll guess he cooked a couple of meals and somehow ended up with a few million dollars of donated funds lol.
How many kids did he cook up? Where does Silsby fit into trafficking kids? How many are on Jeff's Island? #PizzaGate #WeThePeople @POTUS
Use your dirty money to do something Good
Clinton=Yuck
Such a shame that less than ten cents in the dollar donated to Clinton Foundation for Haiti actually made it there. Imagine what more could have been done instead of the money lining other peoples' pockets.
Site where you get you figures to verify your ambiguous statement.
We’ll use the Clinton Foundation’s most recent IRS tax form, for 2014, as an example.  The foundation reported total expenses in 2014 of a little over $91 million but grants of just $5.1 million. That’s close to 6 percent of the foundation’s money being spent on grants.
Thanks Jose great for the gear work

He put in what you & the missus took out of Haiti
Remember every, single, vote counts! 2018 and 2020! Stop the haters and stop the hate! Pass it on!
I bet this cook got an earful about Clinton in Haiti. They despise Bill
Wow congratulations! we need more people like Chef Jose. There are many starving people out there.:(

@HillaryClinton @BarackObama @NancyPelosi @SenSchumer
Bill you’ve got lot of nerve talking about Haiti after all the millions $$$s that poured into Clinton Fdn and a fraction went to Haiti. You & your wife have manipulated your way through our political system to enrich yourselves with millions $$$s. Hope your trials are televised
Wonder if the sight and sounds of #CrookedHillary cause #BillClinton to want to puke like she does to the rest of America. But than again #BillClintonIsARapist so nothing really phases him.  #ClintonCrimeFamily #LockHerUp #ArrestSoros #Soros #DemocratsHateAmerica
thanks.
At least he’s doing something for the people of Haiti instead of stealing from them
What blows my mind is you talk about Haiti like your innocent, this is crazy behaviour for both of you..
It's a  shame that you didn't help those poor people! For you to go there & witness so much death in the air & seeing people buried alive just shows how EVIL you are! I can't imagine EVER turning my back & taking all that money from those people. You will answer to God very soon
You mean where your wife stole money from
Same Haiti that has funded @ChelseaClinton lifestyle?
Yes, Chef! Congrats!
Hy

#cheaters @lthomer175 @RealJamesWoods @ScottPresler
https://wikileaks.org/clinton-emails/emailid/629 … #greatawakening #Q
https://wikileaks.org/clinton-emails/emailid/3672 … #greatawakening #q
Good Morning..Mr.President..
Yeah bill you know all about Haiti don't you I bet they're still waiting on the money that you owe me that you stole when they needed the most
WELL DESERVED CONGRATS CHEF ANDRES
请关注中国南京钱旺冤案
WE SHOULD EXECUTE BOTH CLINTONS.....Clinton authorizes loan to Mexico - Jan 31, 1995 
History Channel › this-day-in-history › cl...
On this day in 1995, President Billy l Clinton authorizes a $20 billion loan to Mexico. As the value of the peso hit an l.l..


@BillClinton i love you, i will keep you and your family in my prayers sir
@BillClinton i love you, YESHUA (JESUS CHRIST) MY LORD AND SAVIOUR, THE ONE TRUE GOD THE ONLY GOD, BLESS YOU AND YOUR FAMILY GREATLY
You may have been found not guilty in 98 by out of touch corrupt elected public servants, but not by ‘We the People!’ Justice will be served boy! Oh! Larry Nichols says hi!
Remember this BOY! His name. Joe Russell Northcutt, Hiwassie AR. He hated your corrupt ass! I’m his grandson. My mission is to see you and your wife’s ass reap the justice you both deserve.Federal law demands upon conviction death by hanging. I would recommend life imprisonment.
Wondering how you feel about the mini series scandalous?
A million thanks Chef José Andrés!

@billclinton this guy has certainly done more for Haiti then the clinton foundation!
@chefjoseandres Well deserved Humanitarian of the year! What you did for the people of Puerto Rico is true kindness. So glad you got this award! 
Is this another the Clinton foundation didn't come through????? @JudgeJeanine @FoxNews @foxandfriends @JudicialWatch @KatiePavlich @kimguilfoyle
Hey Bill....Guess what I’m watching tonight? Not the Academy Awards.... better. Scandalous. Maybe you should too. But I guess you already know what happened.

@BillClinton I love you, YESHUA (JESUS CHRIST) BLESS YOU AND YOUR FAMILY GREATLY
That's very quaint.  Nice job to the Clinton Foundation in Haiti as well.  Why do children always go missing when the Clinton Foundation swoops in for the rescue?  #greatawakening
Please click the book pic link "Trump Concentration Camp" below. Very important story of what could happen to DACA Dreamers under Trump that is not unlike what happened to American-born Japanese under FDR!

Wer were you went in the eath that permit you to obtain that prise
Bill! Going to #Gitmo soon! Bye!#ClintonCrimes #ClintonBodyCount https://twitter.com/spies_like/status/969697101537071107?s=21 …
Thank you, Chef Jose, for all you & your teams’ hard work in feeding so many people. We are forever grateful ~
Bill I don’t blame ya for pounding all that tail Good on ya man
Hammer time... Willy
Sincerely,
Patriots Everywhere

Did he steal tons of money from Haiti like you did?  Did his daughter's wedding get paid for with it as well?
If he's being paid for me it's not a humanitarian sorry Anabel that's the way I feel...
Hello handsome
THANK YOU SIR.You’ve done more than that so called President of ours has done. Guess he thought humans could survive if they are paper towels.

GREAT JOB, GREAT MAN,
GREAT COOK,
So deserving!!!
Yes, I know of @chefjoseandres and his undying conviction, the honor is well deserved.  Thank you also @BillClinton for your service and obvious love of our country, your guidance is truly missed in these troubling times...
#Hulu The Looming: Osama Bin Laden used John Miller.  What is John Miller doing employed by the #NYPD? Bratton knew 23 yrs ago he lied about an Black LGBT woman who was raped he lied about her because he didn’t like her activism the color of her skin, her politics. Any comment?

“Myanmar crosses their limits.Please Give some pressure and we want international communities help” @UN @realDonaldTrump @RT_Erdogan @narendramodi @hrw @UN_Spokesperson @CitiznMukherjee …
Ole' Jose Andres y gracias
Always nice to hear from you Sir
The only explanation as to why the Clinton's haven't been arrested is there are corrupt individuals still at the FBI/DOJ who are ensuring her legal safety. Has Jeff Sessions been compromised or threatened?
Kfnrohfibwipldmcjmgjnhhw
The faithful God Almighty will bless the crops of your land, your grain, the calves of your herds and the lambs of your flocks with all of God's blessings. In the name of Jesus Christ.
The gracious God Almighty will do exceedingly abundantly above all that you ask or think according to the power that is at work with you. He will richly bless the fruit of your womb with all of God's blessings. In the name of Jesus Christ.
The faithful God Almighty will richly bless you and make you fruitful and increase your numbers. He will give you success in everything you do according to His will. He will increase you a thousand times more and bless you as He promised. In the name of Jesus Christ.
The faithful God Almighty will bless you when you come in and He will bless you when you go out. He will make you the head, you shall be above only and not beneath. He will give you abundant prosperity in every area of your life. In the name of Jesus Christ.
The gracious God Almighty shall supply all your need according to His riches in glory by Christ Jesus. He will protect you and keep you and your family away from harm and watch of your life. He will bless you in the city and He will bless you in the country. In Jesus Christ name.
The faithful God Almighty will show you and give you His incomparable riches of His grace. He will show you the path of life and fill you with joy in His presence. He will teach you what is the best for you and direct the way you should go. In the name of Jesus Christ.
And God is able to make all grace abound toward you that you always having all sufficiency in all things, may have and abundance for every good work. 2 Corinthians 9:8
The loving Lord will richly bless you and your family with all of God's blessings. He will fill your house with good things. He will fill your house with His glory. He will give you and your family a happy and good health long life. He will lavish you with His love. In Jesus name
The gracious God Almighty will give you the desires of your heart and make all your plans succeed according to His will. He will strengthen you with all power according to His glorious might and riches. In the name of Jesus Christ.
The faithful Lord will make your heart be glad and joyful in His love and He will take care of you. He will fulfill all He has planned for you. He will thoroughly equip you for every good work. He will richly bless the fruit of your womb with all of God's blessings. In Jesus name
The faithful God Almighty will give you a wise and discerning heart so that there will never have been anyone like you nor will there ever be. He will give you both riches and honor so that in your lifetime you will have no equal among leaders. In the name of Jesus Christ.
May the grace of the Lord and the fellowship of the Holy Spirit and the love of Christ be with you and your family now and forever. In the name of Jesus Christ.
The faithful God Almighty will bless all the work of your hands and He will bless everything you put your hands to. He will lavish you with the riches of His grace and He will lavish you with wisdom, knowledge and understanding. In the name of Jesus Christ.
The loving Lord Almighty will let His light shine in your heart to give light of the knowledge of the glory of God in the face of Christ. He will richly provide you with everything for your enjoyment. He will satisfy your desires with good things. In the name of Jesus Christ.
The faithful God Almighty will make you and your family happy forever. Your happiness will be like a crown on your heads. Gladness and joy will fill you completely. He will make your heart be glad and joyful in His love and He will take care of you. In the name of Jesus Christ.
Oh thank goodness you’re done! I was running out of patience (All that scripture).
The loving God Almighty will richly bless you and your family with blessings that will last forever. You are the people of His inheritance. An inheritance that can never perish, spoil, fade or loose its beauty kept in heaven for you. In the name of Jesus Christ.
The faithful God Almighty will fill you with a wonderful, inexpressible and glorious joy. The strong love that the Lord All-Powerful has for His children will make good things happen to you and your family. He bought you at a precious and special price. In Jesus Christ's name.
16 You did not choose Me but I chose you and appointed you that you should go and bear fruit and that your fruit should remain, that whatever you ask the Father in my name He may give you. 17 These things I command you that you love one another. John 15:16-17 NKJV
Haiti could do with some of that @ClintonFdn money. Send some of that and they could be cooking their own.
The faithful Lord will show you and lavish you and your family with love and mercy to you. He will cause His perfect goodness to pass by in front of you. He will continue to teach you His ways so that continue to please Him. In the name of Jesus Christ.
The faithful Lord will arm you with strength and makes your way perfect. The unfailing love of the Lord is your comfort. There is nothing that can separate you from the love of God. The joy of the Lord is your strength. He will enlarge your territory as He promised. In Jesus name
The faithful Lord has in store for you a crown of righteousness, which the Lord the righteous Judge will award to you on that day and not only to you, but also to all who have longed for His appearing. You can do everything through Christ who gives you strength. In Jesus name.
The faithful Lord is with you. He will take great delight in you. He will quiet you with His love. He will rejoice over you with blessings. He has planned good things for you that no-one can recount. He will keep your light shining. He will keep your lamp burning. In Jesus name.
The loving God Almighty will richly reward you. A good family brings good things out of the good stored up in them. The faithful God Almighty will equip you with everything good for doing His will and He will work in you what is pleasing to Him through Jesus Christ. In Jesus name
Congratulations Jose Andres. For what you have done to the children of God from Haiti and Puerto Rico. Thank you for your mercy and favor. Thank you for your lovingkindness. Well done, The Lord and the children of God from Haiti, Puerto Rico and all us appreciates your good work.
This man is a hero!
Are you kidding...all the money you stole
EX US Presidents Unite!
Please speak out now! 
We the People of America 
need ALL our Presidents to 
Stand up and speak out on the Travesty Leading/Destroying 
our democracy.
@BillClinton @BarackObama @JimmyCarter @GeorgeHWBush  @GWBLibrary @carterlibrary
#amazinghuman
So what ever happened to the millions of dollars that were supposed to go to the Haitian people through the Clinton Foundation? Will you publish an audit of those activities? @FoxNews @CNN @NRO
http://CharlesOrtel.com  is an expert on the Clinton Foundation and the facts about it. It would be nice to get some MSM coverage about what he’s uncovered. @FoxNews @CNN @NRO @ABC @CBS @nbc @msnbc @DailyCaller @POTUS @realDonaldTrump  @SaraCarterDC @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
He was awarded for stealing kids from Haiti that's great you make me sick I used to look up to you so sad I remember when you came to talk in my town I waited 2 hours to see you and now that I know the truth about you it just makes me sick stealing children pedophilia satanism
Well NOW now N o W 

Damn war !! 
My royal Fur is stressed and my brothers in Ernesto’s are tiered from the daily voice of fighting and bombing.
We want to live in peace !!
…
Ran into @chefjoseandres in Wheaton MD at a local restaurant and he offered everyone some of his families meal!
Looking for a professional #wordpress #website ?? 
#Fiverr https://www.fiverr.com/s2/7e69c206b5  

#ThisIsUs #SDLive #BlackLightning #TheChallengeVendettas #HAHN #BeastFromTheEast #Snowmageddon #TuesdayThoughts Michaelia Cash #UAConf2018 Fabulass Minister for Women Jason Johannisen #NZvENG
Congratulations!
Congratulations! And always have a great back-up recipe for your business plans. Nifty way to get it together with another silent partnership. Take care 
@CDCgov
What an honorable man. It sure beats the Puerto Ricans being pelted by rolls of paper towels. This by someone who calls himself pres of the USA. Unbelievable!!
Thank you President Clinton for recognizing his dedication and efforts.
Better use this
@DCHomosIntern dats ya bud
Isn't it so lovely to open Twitter to find such a great humanitarian toasting another great humanitarian. Makes such a change from the disgusting creatures paraded before us as the most corrupt, most downright disgusting administration in history disintegrates before our eyes.
Bill, Bill, Bill...never mind Jose.  I'm sure he's a great guy.  But Monica is trying to pin that little episode on you.  Shame on her!  Defend yourself!  C'mon buddy - you had a little weakness, she had a little something to offer, when she was young fertile and not ugly as now.
Help relief worker found dead in Puerto Rico. Family can't get body released from morgue. Pls help bring Sean Collins home so he can RIP . #seancollins #bringseancollinsback http://www.silive.com/news/2018/02/family_of_sean_collins_makes_u.html …   #puertorico
#DemsWantYouToGiveUpYourGuns
Well Deserved Award for a “Real Stable Genius”!
Rightly so
@GRIS82 James Beard award winner... 
My dream was for U & Hillary to work as a team in the White House. With your knowledge & experience, America would have an honest well run Govt.We miss you both!
Why didn't you feed a LOT of starving people in Haiti with the millions your foundation profited from FOR That reason?
Thank you!!!!! Great  to hear good news
right
