
But sir, in fiscal years 1993 and 1994, the executive branch (and Congress) signed-off on a staggering $100 billion of government and industry-negotiated arms deals. More here: https://fas.org/asmp/library/articles/tnva595.html …
Military deals with allies

#MarchForOurLives is another Soros funded propaganda stunt using naive kids. #Soros wasn't the first to use this strategy...  He learned it when he was a turncoat Jew at 14yrs old as he took away the proper…
You need mental help.  Please, get some.
http://nortonsafe.search.ask.com/search?q=HRC+murder+video+FRAZZLEDRIP&chn=1000&doi=2017-07-23&geo=US&guid=1B80149E-A8EA-441B-A186-F7D22A8A466C&locale=en_US&o=APN11908&p2=%5EEQ%5Ecd20us%5E&prt=NSBU&ver=22.9.3.13&ctype=videos&tpr=2&ts=1524047706861 …
#TrumpTroll #Traitor #LockHimUp
I think that’s Hillary on election night, to the American people and her campaign staff, isn’t it? Can’t take responsibility for her own campaign and past behavior. Trump for all his foibles is still better than HC any day of the week.
Election night she had a 300,000 vote win.
The electorial college who leaked classified information in campaighn comercials over-rode that.
September is comming.
Pack your bags. Your going back to the middle east where Obama should have left you.
I can literally go into downtown Knoxville and hold up a sign saying I need a gun, and get at least 10 sellers. Tougher Laws aren't going to stop the criminals, they will always have access to weapons.
No se trata de leyes para no existen http://pero.si  se mueren ya no van acer males

Bot
If you love socialism so much, go back to Cuba.
Yea Bill because stricter gun control laws will definitely stop criminals.
It won’t stop criminals, but with fewer guns available, they’ll be less likely to be armed with deadly weapons.
Criminals don't have them legally anyway! How does this keep them out of criminals hands?
How does a criminal acquire an illegal weapon?
Stolen, sold on black market...  main example.
So, if there were fewer legal guns were available for them to steal, then fewer criminals would be armed. Makes sense! Thanks!
Gun grab.  Not likely to happen.
Unlikely but not impossible. Best case scenario is a reduction in gun production and sales, particularly semi automatic weapons
If it was up to the Democrats none of these kids would have been born. They all would have been aborted.
You contradict yourself. Your're the same deplorables claiming Democrats have too many kids. You aren't pro-life. You are pro-birth.
#Hypocrite
I bet you're glad your mom didn't think like you.
My Mom DID think like me.
Not true or you wouldn't be here.
Logic isn't your thing is it.
Wasn't your idea to implement Gun Free Zones.  How's that idea working out for you.  Here is a suggestion, stick to ice cream and under age interns.
Vente para mexico primo para qles des unas cladecitas a los politicos
@colbertlateshow @BrennanCenter @AlanDersh @TheJusticeDept
I remember how we had an assault rifle ban while you were president & also got guns off the streets. Dems remember. 
Your statement about impeachment is a lie. Since I don’t live in the past, I’m more concerned about a current president whose sex partners are offering details of their affairs with him.
Not a lie. Get yourself educated on cold hard facts.
Randy Webb,
Here are the cold, hard facts about Presidential Impeachment:

"Nixon is one of only three U.S. presidents against whom articles of impeachment have been reported to the full House for consideration...
Wrong. Sorry. Nixon resigned.

lol you're a joke
Crawl away ,dirty old man. Your voice is utterly irrelevant.
Take the guns!!
Register to vote soon as possable




America would be even more gratified if you and your devil-possessed wife, would see the inside of jail cells for the rest of your natural lives.

Thank you for sharing Mr.

You got that right, Bill!
For the first time in a long time, I'm very proud to be an American. #democracylives #vote2018
 Thank you, #marchforourlives! 
There is hope for us after all, and it has started with these brave true patriotic American Children. May God bless them all.
WE are the backers.
Better a pawn fighting for our kid’s safety, than living in the paranoid delusion that you need an #AR15 to fight off the US military, and that you’d have any chance of winning.
Military isn't the target. And if it happens they will be on the side of the constitution.. 
    You need to read the constitution, and decide if you are responsible enough, good enough to be an American. If not? Bye.
Bill - please find someone young and inspiring to run against Trump in ‘20 -
He has tested so many young ones, at Lolita Island and elsewhere, but his  victims might not be qualified. Don't you like  groping #JoeBiden ?

They will vote in true leaders and change gun laws!
Yeah Bill... GO KIDS GREATEST KIDS SO FAR...
There’s a special kind of ugly in the souls of “patriots” attacking children who don’t want to die for an education, especially the children that survived mass school shootings. 

#MarchForOurLives #GunReformNow #SafeSchools #Resist
Well, Matthew...it has nothing to do with attacking kids, except in the eyes of liberals like you. These aren't just "kids", they are hard-core socialists activists being coached by radical left adults, promoted by a liberal MSM, and used by progressives in Washington.
Then that’s who you should be addressing. They are children.
These are children too.  Hope you don't find yourself in an orange jump suite.  The "kids" thing just isn't flying anymore...it's much bigger than that.  Go get em snowflake.
That’s fantastic. You’re a “patriot.” You don’t know me. Your propaganda reflects ignorance.
President Clinton David Hogg and Emma Gonzalez the stone man Douglas spokespeople were on TV few days ago talking and acting like leaders of cult or terrorist group! Emma had a patch on her NEO-NATZI outfit had a patch of Cuba on sleave, Cuba first took away citizens guns!

https://twitter.com/FlyCardsEn/status/978879351260373000 …
Good Day Mr.President.
Bill shut up. You're a terrorist just like the rest of the democrats
We need Faith and strong belief in the power of good peace and love. Helping each other all in gratitude towards a positive constructive direction.
Give up your secret service detail, then we can talk. Females need to be armed to protect themselves from the sexual predator that you are.

yep vote is the only thing we care about.
And how much do you owe to Monica.
You know one thing I'm really fond of is hospitality!  So I'm wondering when I'm going to get to enjoy some at my own place.  Because I'm the richest man in the world!  And I own the Los Angeles Lakers.  In my real life.  If I'm not dead first! 
Anthony Eugene Hunter 
RCPRI
Над вечерним Дунаем разносится, белый свет,  белый свет,  белый свет. И на память мелодия просится, прошлых лет, прошлых лет,  прошлых лет...
Bill is correct! We do need your votes in order to protect ourselves from those who don't care about your rights and will steel, rape and murder you without conscience! Sort of like politicians do who have everything to gain by disarming you.
A picture is worth a thousand words!
For as "Popular" as you are I would think you would have more "Re-tweets" than just 7,000.

Im certain you can find a way to raise those numbers with the millions of "Americans" that "Love" 
You know the way Hillary did it thinking she had most of those gullible people fooled.
Exactly @BillClinton
Thank you~
We need more oversight of people mental health and active engagement for better mental health
Love you Bill.  (I even wrote you in as a candidate for one election.  lol). I admire Hillary so much and really wish she was our country’s President.  Please always remind her that America lost out when she lost.
Bill Clinton was the first elected president in history to be impeached. The slime ball’s a proven liar, sexual predator, and violent rapist. (Ever heard of Juanita Broaddrick?) Hillary Clinton was the most corrupt candidate to ever seek the presidency. Cold hard facts. Sorry.

Yes because rapist is way better than adultery.
 party of Christian values everybody. Lol This is where this man has us. 

From Jesus's mouth to ur Twitter fingers. Couldn't have said it better himself. 
Fact: A single gun kills on average a thousand people each second.  -Marching Marchers, following marching orders
I don't march in March.  I don't ever march with kids that have no idea of what they are marching for, know nothing of the Constitution, and are funded by  a traitor George Soros.  They are typical products of government schools and union teachers.  #headfulsofmush
I rarely say anything personal, but you are a fool. Teens/children are our teachers. Unless they are taught ignorance and hatred at home, they are the future. Via public or private education.
You are the fool. He made a valid point. They do not know what they are marching for. And frankly neither do you. Yea these kids are the future and that should scare you. They want you disarmed. And if you had eyes you would see why. If you had ears you would have heard why.
Wake up and look at Sweden, France, England, Germany... mass rape & gang rape, acid attacks, truck attacks, group knife attacks. European problems coming here, MORE THAN WE HAVE NOW, if we follow in their INSANE gun control rhetoric. So no the children are not teachers.
Do you travel? I do. For a living. Yes, these things happen. It is NOT children killing children. Compare apples to apples. Not terror barracks against governments vs children against children. I want my children safe too. Educate yourself.
Then you would agree that teachers and faculty should be trained to protect the children with firearms? Have on site LEO to respond to this threat with firearms?
LEO’s on machinery that can be used as weapons of mass destruction. Not educators. Again, compare fairly. Study Australia and Japan. And many EU countries. Children killing children is rare and mostly nonexistent.
I’m not sure if this is 100% accurate
Which part isn’t accurate?
Please provide evidence
You are the one making the argument that my statements aren’t accurate, it’s on u to refute my tweets.
I’m not saying they’re innaccireate, I’m just saying that they seem unfeasible and asking to see concrete evidence in support of your statements
Do u remember this
But your claims do seem a little unfeasible
Hello Bill,  I am tweeting from BANGLADESH...
Human life cant be made to be at mercy of Guns...

The propaganda the government sold everyone back in the 30s to criminalize an object in this case its a plant and that hasn't stopped the use of it so gun propaganda is no different same shit different politicians.
Your ship sailed...enjoy your Pampers, has been.
Give them your support, please. That guarantees failure. Of course, using children for props is exactly your style.
Bill  solved our national dept. when he left office we had a surplus of money
Because he striped the military
Hillary and Bill clintion would have solved this global problem thru diplomacy
Wish you were still president. We would not be in this mess.
Hey Billy! Remember these ladies?! We do!!
Thank you for your intelligence, clarity and big heart! Let’s get it done! Vote out candidates funded by the NRA!
How bout let’s give our gratitude to the women you raped and had the courage to speak up !!
What about the women sexually assaulted and raped by Trump? You really can't stay on topic. It is sad.
What about the women raped and assault by Bill Clinton!! No one has ever said they were assault or raped by trump!! Stormy said it was consensual
Over 15 women have said they were sexually assaulted or raped by Trump. Trump has also admitted to this predatory behaviour on tape. Not to mention the 2 credible accusations of hush money and using business ties to silence of former mistresses.
damn you listen to CNN & MSNBC crazy 
I also watch FOX, read Breitbart, NYT, WSJ, and Washington Post....amongst other news sources. Your point?
So I guess what Santorum means your vote means nothing.
Marching is fine and brings great awareness Mr. President but it will not solve the problem of disenchanted and lost youth who’ve been sold a bill of humanist goods by the Democratic Party. The country needs to turn back to God and away from self.
Trumps and the Republican party isn't the answer
No “Man” is the answer - “The Man” Jesus Christ is.
May I ask who you voted for in the presidential election?
Sure. I voted for Trump. It wasn’t that tough of a decision given the choice.
Hope your happy with the orange Cheeto
I’m happier than I would have been with Hilary. Thanks!
So you being an avid follower of Jesus, you don’t mind trump being a complete sleeze bag?
They’re trained service personnel, doofus
THIS IS WHY WE HAVE THE SECOND AMENDMENT
People are arguing for the 2nd amendment to be revised not abolished
You can not limit a right.
EXACTLY. and I call absolute bull. sure you'll ban ar-15s and bump stocks and then when the next mass shooting happens  (because it will) you'll keep taking and taking.  the ultimate goal is to eliminate guns completely and you're all lying to yourselves if you think otherwise
UK does not have second amendment but people can access guns
Which the government can take away at any moment. Hence, no right to bear arms
Why does the “average” American citizen need access to semi automatic weapons. These type of weapons weren’t available when constitution was being drafted
It doesn't matter if you think they don't need them. It is their right to own a firearm. Also, "Semi automatic guns make up 90% of guns. You're gonna ban hunting rifles next?

Totally on topic right here!  Has a lot to do with school shootings!  #sarcasm #idiot #bot
Totally still on topic! Hooray lack of reasoning skills!
Our town failed to pull the permits for the march tomorrow. This is a republican county. I am going to check for other locations near me. I’m furious that I have to leave town to march.
This “March” is a March for gun control and is being manipulated as such by DEMS. School Safety demands that all schools be protected by armed guards. That’s what these “Marches” should be about.
How’s that working? Nope. Not so well. Ask the parents of the victims. Time to rethink  your beliefs.
My beliefs are just fine; if there were Safety precautions at Parkland, including armed personnel(not a cowardly deputy) there might have been a different outcome. The Maryland incident hasn’t been reported on at all; could it be b/c the shooter was confronted by armed personnel.
I don’t want to take your guns away from you. I want to protect my children. There is a solution. Take it out of the hands of the NRA and put it in the hands of the constituents. And those that we employ in Congress. Not vice versa.
We do not ever need Assault Weapons #stopmowingpeopledown
We should outlaw all abortions; far, far more deadly than assault weapons of any kind.
Would you like to go to a movie and get mowed down by an assault weapon ?
so the bomb was responsible in Austin, not the bomber  huh??
Both. If the bomber didn't have a bomb, he wouldn't have been able to bomb. See how this works?
You, sir, are living in a dream world. Sad.
So we should just go back to cars without seatbelts n putting Coricidin back as an OTC drug because we don’t care about protecting people’s lives right,you’re living in a dream world BTW if Reagan was alive today he’d find Trump revolting because he at least had class n integrity
Why do we need fire extinguishers? We already have a fire department
I have the right to protect myself. The best way to do that is to use a tool that will allow me gain the upper hand. Gaining firepower superiority is a proven tactical solution. When seconds matter, police are only minutes away.
I’m not saying you don’t have the right to protect yourself but just as guns have evolved so should laws that’s why we have seatbelts and certain drugs are Rx or drinking and driving laws obviously they aren’t full proof but we need them in place
Out of everything you named guns are the only one that is a right. Everything else is a privilege.
If you really cared about our children's safety you'd support armed security for our children in schools. Do you support this or do you support disarming law abiding people who haven't broken any laws just so you can remove all guns from people?

What gun control would have prevented this?
It is hard to shoot and kill someone without a gun...............not very hard to understand
It's also very hard to defend yourself against criminals who, by definition, don't follow laws. Also, it's my constitutional right.
A lot of people do follow laws & want to follow laws. There are a variety of guns out there, no reason at all for certain types of guns to be in the hands of average citizens.
Which guns? Why?
Not knowing that would be a reason why someone should not own a gun.
I'm curious as to what guns you think I, a law-abiding citizen, shouldn't be able to own.
You'll find the answer in mainstream media outlets. There's been a lot of discussion on guns, types of guns, mass shootings, gun violence, statistics etc, how other countries successfully address these issues. Do your homework.
The law abiding citizens of this country have every right to own guns , Liberals love to dance in fresh BLOOD for gun control , isn't it amazing school shootings started when you were POTUS , ARMED GUARDS !
U want armed guards in school,go to  China,Russia,N Korea.lots of armed soldiers among the citizenry
You can also end GUN FREE ZONES where the nuts and 1ST and 2ND generation Immigrants go to do there mass shootings , we never had these problems or restriction when I was in school GENIUS !
Sad that democrats are exploiting these kids to push their left wing gun grab. You should be ashamed. Why don't you and Hillary go away.
Do you remember?????

Have you lost your senile mind, you despicable man?
Who are you to talk or give lessons about morals!
Abuser, violator,crook!
Please go home and stay there for life!!
Sounds like you're a little jealous. None of the above gals were complaining while they were getting their nut
BS....
#KiddiePawns  #sheeple 
Thank You President Clinton and Secretary Clinton.
Yeah right ,"yer gonna walk"?. You are ONLY GONNA TRY N SEDUCE ANY AND EVERY FEMALE... EXCEPT YOUR NASTY WIFE.#HILLARYCLINTO
These democrats don't care about mass shootings.  They would have put security in schools when the first one happened.  All they are doing is using it for political reasons to get a vote.
And that my friend is the most disgusting, vile, reprehensible truth, I'm afraid.
Also why is it okay for them to harbor illegal aliens in sanctuary cities when it is against the law, and we can't own a legal AR-15, made for a civilian use not military, that is protected by the 2nd Amendment in the Constitution?
You were the last pragmatic pres to hold office
Give those women a cigar oh wait Bill already did lmao
If you REALLY cared about HS kids dying, why haven’t you marched against underage drinking and driving? Cause it’s not politically expedient. You’d save many more lives in comparison to HS shootings. Rest of you: stuff the emotion & see thru the smokescreen. Lives not votes!!!
Simple mental experiment. Put the gun used at Douglas HS with loaded magazine on a table and watch it, for a day...a week...a month... a year...ten years. Guess what - nothing happens! Don’t believe stupidity or emotion: IT’S NOT GUNS, IT’S THE EVIL PEOPLE PULLING THE TRIGGERS.
I agree. Give these young people respect and dignity. They are marching for a good cause.
Problem is it won't stop the next mass shooting.  Look how many have happened since Columbine, when Clinton's ban was in place.  We need security in schools.
Baloney Bill. Those kids are just tools whom leftists like you are using to try to take rights away from law-abiding citizens.
Better to remain silent and thought the fool than to speak and remove all doubt
Ewe... so many little girls for you ewe 
It's so sad to see people in today's society become so vicous if you disagree with them. It seems the lowest common denominater has become the norm. I wish people would practice more self control.
Eat a shit sandwich 
I just wanted to say,I think you were a great President and a wonderful humanitarian.  Knowone is perfect,please ignore the people who are rude. Lots of us still think you rock.
Didn't you swear to uphold the constitution, Bill, enjoy GITMO 
Are you referring to these brainwashed kids demonstrating anti-American action?
HAY BILL YOU SHIULD OF STAYED WITH MONICA.  AND PUT HILLARY ON THE CURB.  MONICA IS ALOT PRETTIER.  AND I BET SHE SUCKS A MEAN DI**
Hey Bill, isn't it time for another trip to pedo island. To show your rock hard support for children.
I don't owe them a thing. They are the very ones that bullied Nicolas Cruz to the point of shooting. @Emma4Change admitted it in her speech. One report said that they had him jump from a moving bus. These KIDS are just an excuse to push a deflated agenda.
That'd be the day I'd listen or follow a bunch of kids that still haven't even decided which hand to wipe their butt with.

Ecclesiastes 7:5 

It is better to heed the rebuke of a wise person than to listen to the song of fools. Bill is one of the fools.
Bring your guns girls! Bill will be there and hes feeling touchy
Corrupt Clintons ! How can you sleeping at night you creep!
Pig. And no, I do not support co-opted fascists. Go back to your cave.
Yes give the young people their lives back...

Stfu.  No one OWES these kids anything.  99.999% of America didn’t do anything to them.  The NRA didn’t do anything to them.  Law abiding gun owners didn’t do anything to them. We sure as hell aren’t going to support something loke what they’re suggesting
Juanita, do not retweet @Bill Clinton : BLOCK HIM
Russian troll go away!
If guns are banned, how are all of your unworthy acquaintances going to suicide themselves?
what did the 1994 awb do, Bill?
So says the Sexual Predator
As if your daughter went to public school....
Can we stop mass rapists and pedophiles? Oh wait 
Shut up Child Molester Rapist so sick of you Corrupt Traitors. Soon you Your Wife And All Traitors will be Held definitely in GITMO can not wait. P.S. Military is looking forward to You Traitors and you will see what they do to Child Molesters.
Yes so we’ll said
You think that their anger would be placed in the proper place, the School System and Law Enforcement that ignored the problem. If any parents sue, it wont be the gun it will be School & Law enforcement.
Really you treat women the way you do and you think it is ok to march?  Man there is something seriously wrong with you.


bad people are able to buy gun  anytime, doesn't matter if there is a law against, it's about people and system, system wants violence
What a hypocrite!
Will you be whipping out a cigar to celebrate tonight?

The new hitler youth want to take our guns.  NEVER AGAIN means NEVER.  We will keep our guns to protect ourselves against another Holocaust.  Our enemies are many, including the democrats and their leftist puppeteers
Like no other citizens in recent memory
OPERATION GLADIO C: Government-Sponsored Domestic Terrorism Targets American Public Schools-

@Potus #Qanon We The People are waiting! Soros-funded ‘National Gun Control Movement’ is all about starting an American civil war-after patriots are neutralized  the globalist coup plotters will launch a full-blown Bolshevik-style Purple Revolution.
Haiti..... children..... billions stolen.... give those children their futures back sicko.
You did nothing while you were pres except raping women! Just go away

“You are a Despicable human being @BillClinton.  What do you have to say about the future you gave me in 1978? YOU HAVE NO RIGHT to speak for victims.”
You are a Despicable human being @BillClinton.  What do you have to say about the future you gave me in 1978? YOU HAVE NO RIGHT to speak for victims. https://twitter.com/billclinton/status/977177426819211264 …
They bullied a kid relentlessly. So badly in fact that he had to quit school...he came back and shot them. Then out of their own guilt, they blame others  and have #MarchForOurLives Whole thing was a sham!
What's your body count thus far?
No one wants to hear from you...
I did not have sex with that woman, ms. Lewinsky...

Any good potential humidors in the crowd?
Will you be passing out cigars Willie?

#MonicaLewinsky YES!
How about a #MarchForOurWives to support victims of sexual assault and give our women their futures back?
You’re so pathetically political.

You do you,  Bill. I'll stand with Frederick Douglas

Can I donate to the Clinton Foundation for this?
Keep guns from crazy democrats and illegal immigrants and the problem is solved.  Chicago, St. Louis, Baltimore, Detroit and New Orleans crime is dem on dem.  Stretch it out to mass murder events and it’s dem on anyone who moves. Dems are violent.
Rape

On a scale of morals and principles you’re a zero, stop tweeting you despicable man
What does the Americans owe the unborn who are killed every day? Go crawl back under your rock. You did nothing for our country
This dude especially hopes young women are unarmed.
You know he went and took a couple cigars...
Fuck you
Remember when you abused all those women? #MeToo
Oh yea? Where were you in Sandy Hook massacre? Fast & Furious or Fort Hood massacre? Shame on U #dems ALWAYS remember 2make order when U R out of power. Obama converted FBI 2KGB/GESTAPO &they failed in Parkland Fl. BOO 2U! @OANN  @marklevinshow @LouDobbs @VP @seanhannity @FoxNews
Says the guy who flies VIP on "Lolita Express".
Sort of like the Pershing & Cruise missile protests in the '80s

Marching to be part of the 'scene' - 90% couldn't tell you why.
The rest, if coherent, could not sustain a logical argument.

Kabuki theater.
Strongly disagree. Typical leftist propaganda.
Their futures are not in jeopardy from mass shootings. Safest time in decades to be in school. Isn’t that what the data says?
#MarchForOurLives from Bill Clinton the sexual predator. I'm sure the woman he raped, would have appreciated a concealed weapons permit.
Shhhh.. your support of @PPFA disqualifies you from this conversation.
tell us more about jeff epstiens rape island
It's called planned parenthood 
And it KILLS CHILDREN 

CATCH UP
 Ya dinosaur
You and your wife are going to Gitmo. Period.

THE GREATEST GIFT CAME FROM GOD IN THE BLOOD OF JESUS CHRIST. JESUS DIE FOR US. THIS CAUS IS A GUARANTEED, JUST KEEP EXERCISING FAITH! BUT IS SO! PROUD OF THE KIDS BECAUSE THEY ARE THINKER/SMART PEOPLE.
I LOVED THE ATTITUDE AND COURAGEOUSNESS OF THE YUNG PEOPLE. AS IN THE BIBLE, OUR TRUE EVERLASTING REWARD IS WITH GOD. MATTEW 6:33,34 PRAY FOR GOD KINGDOM/G0VERNMENT TO BE ON EARTH AS IS IN HEAVEN.
Keep your NWO I’ll keep my gun.
Dictatorships say get rid of the guns so we can take all their property without a fight and make them our slaves
Hitler took away the people's guns before he killed them
There's no possible bill and Hillary can support every single March. They have no beliefs of their own. Rediculous
It seems like bill and Hillary support all people that March. It shows they are just doing it for political reasons. They support every March. Y'all have no good solutions though. It's just for publicity
@BillClinton - so bill, where were you & your wife?  Oh, I remember - she’s out pedaling her pathetic book, and therefore - you were free to do what you do!
Are you really so stupid to believe  that  demanding and  marching will stop this insane school  shooting?

As the cartoon mom, a cluelessparwnts disregard teenagers’ pain w/ their social environment & psychological angst are large part of the problems teens are facing; Instead of showing interest & offering dialogues parents continue to treat them as misfits & dismissing them
