Bill Clinton is a rapist
Not let's not get all whack-a-doodly, I know things are getting bluer.
Uh, did you know Ivanka is using Social Security to pursue it?
Bad idea. Even worse is ss not being solvent because we have irresponsible leadership.
Thanks mr. President for your educational posts to the government of America. I am your fan in Africa, lives in Liberia,, city Monrovia.

So much to do 's   
Remove hurdle sir 
 I have questions  to  fix weddings  for children 
But efforts are far  off  away 
So buts means shani means saturn ring 
Or natural blocking  the objectives 
Kindly asist 
We can belive u spell true
Dear.Clinton,please donatıon for diana project.
Miss Bill
Good Morning Mr.President..
I have some of your literature from 1992 campaign & U kept every promise.

Good job but not all done long way out to go go go alle alle alle ya tick Sam Love you
The job is done when your family leaves.
Thanks mr. President for your educational posts to the government of America. I am your fan in Africa, lives in Liberia,, city Monrovia.
Hey
Text me
6262104405

“The jobs not done” is Bill’s favorite thing to say to Monica Lewinsky

Thanks Bubba.... you and Hillary  saved our party and did a tremendous amount in 93-94 that doesn't get enough Attention.
It is now. Since bill cut the safety net the nat'l guard is needed for all.the hopeless Americans on heroine in one state more coming soon.
Yeah ,give me more money and I'll blow your mind ! Lies and stupidity is my prodical  , Right Billy Boy ?


Thank you Mr. President for signing that legislation. Every family in America has benefitted from it.
My son was born 12/4/1993 and the FMLA was an extraordinary, precious gift second only to Ian's birth.  Thank you!
Thanks pres Clinton for all of your hard work and for fighting for what’s right! 

Bill found Hillary over a dead carcass of a Moose eating!!!
You should be in JAIL!!!!
Please  stay quiet .  I might ch going on around you let’s fade into the sunset ... some fights you can’t win
Thank you President Clinton! I will be forever grateful to you for saving my job! 
Do you hear from Monica anymore??..Damn!..I bet that was great tho..I mean damn!!..wish that could have been me..You must think of those days a lot.

Hey sir see uu

Loretta Lynch pilot Dimitri Noonan, BREAKS silence.                According to Noonan’s attorney:
“Dimitri has first-hand knowledge of 2 people other than Bill Clinton & Loretta Lynch who were on that plane.…



ERES UN HOMBRE AGREDIDO POR CONTROL MENTAL,A DISTANCIA,SATELITALMENTEPROYECTO MK ULTRA O MONARCA
You will go down as the greatest. Love ya Bill
Did you celebrate with a cigar.
Please get Hildabeast  professional mental help.
Please tell us how good Monica was nobody ever said -- must've been good though you did it a bunch of times- or she did- why the cigar?
Thank you
Looks like G M (@Corona47Gary's) couldn’t handle the inconvenient facts I presented him with.  He defends trump by continuing to wage his ongoing war against the Clinton family.
I think he left a nasty stain somewhere.
Who was the last person that you raped Bill?
Please just put hillary to bed
Seriously???
President Bill Clinton made America great. Too bad the bone head Lord Cheeto 45 is too dumb to follow the great examples of Presidents Clinton and Obama.
25 years ago you were getting it on with Monica, and you're still Sleezy.
This is what makes america great. Taking care of the masses instead of the choosen few.
Thank You.
that is great ,it's right of satisfaction
Thank you
Paid leave?   Seriously dude!  Many of us had paid leave before you took it away with FMLA
The job is not done until the Clintons are locked up wearing an orange suite.
#MAGA
Nope, but you are
You had Obama for 8 years. Did nothing.
can you acknowledge #TrumpFascism please
Bill go away,Far away....
Thanks for cutting welfare, allowing drug companies to push opioids with NO oversight, and deregulating the financial market!!  You were a mixed bag Bill.  Not really a fan, but not really a hater either.  You sold out when it felt like there was no where for the dems to go.
You are one of my favorite presidents. Thank you for all you do for Americans. God bless you and Madame President Clinton.
Thank you for leading our country with kindness and still growing a strong economy.
Call me some time,heh heh lov ya - Bill
Bill you are a great man I love and  greatly appreciate your Prisciple
I was so blessed by FLMA I was able to help my mom once after her knee surgery...thank you for signing it into place.
I respect you my favorite president  in usa
Helped me out tremendously when my  husband had a stroke. Thank you President Clinton for giving me the time I needed to be with him 

Treasonous dog.
Thank you for compassionate legislation ...
When #billclinton was president the economy was the best ever !!!! We miss you! I wish he could run again 
It certainly saved my job when my father was sick. Thank you so much, President Clinton! <3
So do you !, call me .... Signed Billy
Thank you Mr. President.
Job not done yet, eh? I wonder if there any other jobs that need finishing?

Well, we needn't worry because the current president, President Donald Trump, will make sure you're done. And soon, we all hope.
Thank you President Clinton!!!!
Why?
I am grateful for this piece of legislation. I had to use it many years ago. Thank you!
Thank you President Clinton. We sure need you again.
Thank you, sir.
I am on FMLA right now after having my daughter!  Thanks Mr. President!
If used as intended. However, It is abused horribly.
I didnt know you can tweet from prison.
FLMA does need tweaking — but Thank You President @BillClinton. FMLA saved my job & basically my retirement as well. 
-I’m not sure working on FLMA w/this Congress would be a good thing. Ya know how jealous DJT is-& likes to wipe out the ‘history’ of predecessors
You were a great president, @BillClinton; and more than that you loved serving in government.
A President with a heart. Thank you President Clinton.
If only we had human beings in possession of a soul and a sense of decency to do that work
I have done it all now Bill. You got any seed capital you white cheating d
Working Women (& men too)  of childbearing age group need longer paid maternity leave (6 to 12months) for the sake of the baby & the well-being of the family. President Hillary would have done that on Day 1! ()
We, the working class thank you!
Medical care in the U.S. is a major issue.  Given how personally it affects us all, I do not understand why no one has pulled this together as a defining issue to run on, with a clear solution.  Candidates for Congress ought to have listening tours on system horrors.
So grateful for all the good work you did while in office, Pres. Clinton...and you continue to do more for the world.  Thank you!
Thank you for FMLA. I just returned to work after unexpectedly having brain surgery. Thankful for your work!

God bless you, and all the work you do Thank you. And all the children, thank you,the world acknowledges
Your Good heart  your kindness.your . loyalty,
I just visited Arkansas and your Presidential Library for the first time this past week. I was reminded how far you (and Hillary) brought us as a country concerning health care w/ physical and mental health issues. Thank you!
I see a lot of porn in there heh heh, Love Bill

You’re done slick willie #LockThemAllUp #LockHerUp #CrookedHillary #UraniumOne #Benghazi #ClintonBodyCount #FISAGate #LorettaLynch
Thank you President Clinton.
Wonder if @TheDemocrats will be as greatful to @realDonaldTrump for his Paid Family Leave and Affordable Childcare Act? DJT #MAGA
Thank you!! Great president!!
Thank you Bill for FMLA so I could be with my baby when she was sick she is 26 now
This law helped me when I had 9 weeks of bedrest with my 2nd pregnancy.  My Mom was able to take time from work to help me care for my daughter while my husband worked. I was only allowed to get up 6 times a day.
you were a #great #president Thanks for that
Thank you for letting my husband work as long as he possibly could. Thanks to you I’m able to take time from work if I need to take care of him.
Thank you so much. My husband needed open heart surgery in 2005, requiring 7 weeks off. This law saved his job.
So what are you doin now ? Call me - bill
Thank you President Clinton. Because of the FMLA I was able to nurse my terminally ill husband without losing my job.
President Clinton...how can our country be united when the person in the
Oval office is so despicable to everyone who disagrees with him?
Can you and all living Presidents come to our nation's aid?
Thank you Sir.
I was so hoping this was the 25th anniversary of Monica... that would've been such a better tweet.
Thank you for this http://legislation.You  helped me support my mom as she went in for heart surgery.I’m an RN,my boss said I couldn’t http://go.You  had just passed the Act.I got a copy,the MD signed it,I wacked it onto her desk,left & got on the plane.Thank you
Dont you have someone to rape Bubba?  Go away old man!  BTW I have always wondered, does Web Hubble pay you child support for taking care of his ugly daughter?
Only country in the free world that doesn’t require paid family leave after having a child
Thank you mr. Presidentm

Wow can’t believe it’s been 25 years! Thanks President Clinton!
25 yrs since i touched hillary hehheh seeya signed billy
We have a long way to go not only with this but also with other laws.
BILL IT'S OVER.  Try to figure out what's best for you.
I’m so grateful to you, Pres. Clinton, for this law, which helped me care for my newborn who had congenital heart disease! It was life saving! She’s doing great at 22!
Thank you to Ted Kennedy!
Neither is the atonement to the countless women u sexually assaulted. #MeToo #theforgottenvictims
You rock, Mr. Awesome President!!!! And should have been First Man! You did the country good!!!!
I like to rape too!! Heh heh signed Billy
Thank you President Clinton!!
Is that elephant for rent heh heh...Billy
Hey Bill whose giving you lewinsky's these days? Certainly not Hillary perhaps the energizer or have you found some other young vulnerable girl to abuse? Oh keep smoking those specially flavor cigars you perv
Thankful for the law!
Thank you Mr President for all you’ve done & continue to do in service. I’m with you and #StillWithHer @HillaryClinton
Thanks for everything. That act helps me care for my handicapped father. 
Not even close. In fact with #Trump in office we are probably going to go backwards.
Speaking of anniversaries...
Thank you from someone who has a father in hospice.
Bill,What the hell is wrong with @realDonaldTrump and his name calling please tell me.He acts like he's mentally ill and i don't say that to be mean.
Im sure Bill knows any more than we do except that Trump is a bully and a narcissist
FMLA helped me transition from employment to disabled without losing my job and the long term disability benefits my life would become dependent on. Thank you President Clinton 
Absolutely True  
Hey Bill thanks knowingly allowing untreated tainted blood products from your state into the healthcare sysytem when you were Gov & for causing my sister to become infected with Hepatitis C here in Canada #neverforget
I have had Crohns Disease since '76. I've had 2 major surgeries & numerous hospitalizations thru the years, but have worked full time, my entire adult life. If not for FMLA & the protection it provides me, Id be forced to apply for SS/Disability. As long as I can work, I want to.
Neither is Haiti
Why you not in prison?
I remember what it was like to work before FMLA, when you could be fired for getting sick, or even getting pregnant. Also, @HillaryClinton is responsible for starting Take Your Daughter to Work Day. Thanks to you both for looking out for the working people!
Do you really think this outweighs and makes up for all the harm that you and Hillary have done to the USA?
Have you looked at what is happening in the here and now??? Acknowledge all around  if you are going to judge.
You are a little grey in your response. Give me a few examples so we can continue this conversation.
Thank you Mr President
