This #EarthDay, we're proud to work with so many around the world who are turning ideas into action for a greener planet. 
Yes we can!
Please tell your wife we love her

The best earth Day gift would be to get rid of Scott Pruit.
Tic tac tic tac for you too !!!
Where are you located? Canada? Take several seats 
A place where all truth is unveiled 
You're one of my favorite president's
Why did you practically ignore climate change as president? It would have been a much easier problem to solve in the 1990s.
How do you figure? Bill Clinton had a substantial and impactful environmental agenda, and many specific policies around greenhouse gases. VP Gore was possibly the most impactful figure in creating awareness of the science of global warming. Have a look:
https://clintonwhitehouse4.archives.gov/CEQ/earthday/ch13.html …
There is absolutely no meaningful accomplishments in terms of regulating  carbon emissions.
Thank you and Hillary for the grace you showed at the funeral.  You are great role models.
Thanks President Clinton
Happy Earthday dear all
Great sir...
Happy #EarthDay
Thank you Bill for the Clinton Foundations efforts to fight global warming. Thank you so much!
Who is Q?
#IAMQ
#QAnon 
#FollowTheWhiteRabbit 
#VinceFoster
I want to use this opportunity to thank Young people, Business People, National Governments and Civil Society Leaders around the World for protecting our mother earth for future generations. Well done. God and myself appreciates your good work. He will richly reward you.
@BillClinton I really wish your wife was our president right now!!  We won’t be in the mess we’re in today if she was in the WH. I also know we would not be in a deficit and more a surplus!!!  I love your wife!!!  @HillaryClinton !!!
Thank you Mr President
Absolutely Mr. President
Thank you for all you do...
Excellent! #Happy EarthDay! Thank you! Let’s protect our Planet, I believe our Scientist’s.Thank you for all u do. Trump lies so much about global warming. Warm regards to your wife. #StillWithHer 
Thank you President Clinton 
Americans & America must stop being enemies over differences & come together for the common good!
NEVER FORGET 
“United we stand. Divided we fall.” 
I starve for the normalcy of coherent tweets by a president
@EPAScottPruitt @realDonaldTrump @GOP Doing Everything to Destroy America #FirePruittNow #FireZinke #FireCarson #FireMnuchin #FireTrumpLockHimUp
Thank you


Mr President Please make a phone call to the Whitehouse and educate the sitting President about this beautiful vision. Thank you. Happy Sunday 
Thank you President Clinton for everything you've done. You were one of the best presidents. Your legacy is secure .
Really, so allowing millions of jobs to be shipped overseas thus  cause almost irreparable harm to economy for the hard working middle class is a good thing. Giving NK the ability to build nuclear weapons is a good thing. Selling our middle secrets to China is a good thing. Wow
As long as Trump is president , the future of earth is uncertain
Or as #sadoldorangetrump like to call it fake news day because the earth is flat and in great shape and full of people who think orange skin is sexy.....I hope marlalgo sinks
Thank you,  Mr. President, for loving our earth.
Bill should be in the top ten best presidents of all time !
Yes!
@realDonaldTrump and his regime of WHITE SUPREMACIST are destroying America little by little...tell your wife @HillaryClinton not to give up the fight...we need PENDEJO Trump out of office ASAP!!
You dropped depleted uranium on the citizens of Yugoslavia, which causes cancer, horrifying birth defects, and remains in the water and soil with a half-life of 4.5 billion years. Perhaps you should've thought back then about protecting the planet for future generations.
Before you regurgitate faux news, you should check what really happened!
Before YOU make accusations, perhaps you should also do some research. http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/science/nature/408122.stm …
An EPA administrator (and President) who accepts the obvious reality of climate change would be a good start.
Get over it. You both lost!
@BillClinton The whole world  nothing but a big ball clay & can be shaped and molded Billion different ways but only in hands of an artist can it truly come alive sculpted into paradise #BillionDollarBill @Steve__Beshear @BarackObama 
@BillClinton The whole world  nothing but a big ball clay & can be sculpted and molded Billion different ways but only in hands of an artist can it truly come alive molded into paradise #BillionDollarBill @Steve__Beshear @BarackObama 
@SEA_Chicago @SEAlliance
This #earthday I need to clean up d stench those certain national Dems whom stole my @advocatehealth courtdid to my GREAT Illinois Dem Party #legacywrecked my PRIVATE @advocatehealth medical career!! When I was w/early '90's Reynolds campaign I was known 2 #Closethingsout
The LORD recompense thy work and a full reward be given thee of the LORD God of Israel, under whose wings thou art come to trust. Ruth 2:12 KJV
The Lord will equip you with everything good for doing His will and He will work in you what is pleasing to Him through Jesus Christ. He chose you and appointed you to produce fruit-fruit that will last. You can do everything through Christ who gives you strength. In Jesus name.
All of us, working together, can help protect the planet.  Let that be out legacy, http://bit.ly/2B5Jtoe 

I reuse zip plastic bags
Whenever I read Bill Clinton's tweets his voice is in my head & I hear them as if he's back behind the podium answering questions. Miss you Bill!....Sometimes. 
hey @BillClinton you can now buy pornhub premium with #Vergecurrency
 take a look at  https://www.pornhub.com/crypto 
Bill, let's get together for a couple beers. I'll buy.
Why not celebrate on Epstein Island?
How many socially responsible business people turned up?
Agree
President Trump claims he will no longer any party of parent to pay child support. Trump also says that any reports of abuse or negligence to a child from either party will result in the child automatically being turned over to the State Child Welfare.
Lawmakers are meeting
УВАЖАЕМЫЕ ДЕТИ ВСЕВЫШНЕГО, ВЫ РАЗДОВАЛИ И РАЗДОЕТЕ  МУДРОСТЬ ВЕДРАМИ, А НАРОД УСПЕВАЛ И УСПЕВАЕТ
БРАТЬ КАПЛЯМИ.И ИЗ ЭТИХ СВЕТЛЫХ КАПЕЛЬ ЕСТЬ СПОСОБНОСТЬ УБЕРЕЧЬ И СОЗДАТЬ ---СВЕТЛЫЕ ОКЕАНЫ.
ВСЕХ БЛАГ ВАМ...
Disgusting!

http://21stcenturywire.com/2018/03/28/revealed-pentagons-70-million-chemical-biological-program-at-porton-down-in-uk/ …
Trump completes his first infrastructure program GITMO and on time under budget! Looks Cozy, Bill
You might consider ground breaking rules, running for president again,the current whitehouse is over ran by modern Dr menghle2¿?????????

Cigars for Everyone!!!!
Happy 420 mr. Bill Clinton hope you did not sell ass to the Vatican
I have my information correct sir
“While flying around in private jets & getting paid millions of dollars for speeches while my wife is Sec of State by foreign govts who sell oil & condone the abuse of minorities, I’m going to lecture Americans on twitter about civic stewardship & green responsibility.”
Instead of celebrating #Earthday like #Wethepeople Trump is frightening the migratory birds. Such a disgusting human being. #Lockhimup
what is he doing to the birds???!

Yes actually I do
You need to have your head examined lady ! Just like I’m sure you voted for the traitor but hey, it’s a free country it’s your right to your demise.
I’m 38 so no I never voted for Bill. So off the bat you’re wrong. I remember the 90s though. When a war in Iraq lasted a few months, when the economy was rocking and we had a surplus balanced budget. And to stick to the actual subject, when a president cared about the environment
So you excuse the fact that he used his power to stick a cigar up a young girls P in the oval office and you got a problem that Trump said that he grabs pussy really???
I never said I excused any mans wrongful treatment of women. Just like I spoke our against Al Franken. Bc I’m a woman. I did not know before Clinton was elected that he was going to be a pig. I did however always know that about Trump. Get it?
Actually madam that’s eerecyou are wrong, You see women throw themselves at Trump because of his money and his press stage and women have lost their sights on what’s really important which is morality that’s why these women in Hollywood are now coming out but they weren’t coming
Ah so when it Clinton it’s r mans fault. When it’s Trump it’s the women’s fault. Even though we heard Trumps own words that he doest even ask that when you’re wealthy you can do anything. Now@where’s the double standard?
You're going to prison!!!!!
Hope to see you one day
Please take the survey titled "Global Warming".  Your feedback is important! https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/L7VL73Y 
#MEGA
#MakingEarthGreatAgain
#MAGA
#TRUMP2020 
#BESTELECTIONEVER2016 
#KAG
#ILOVE45 
#SlickWilly 
#SocialistSycophants 
#ClintonCrimes
#Benghazi


Miss you, Mr. President...
Amazing top look with the good suit .  Bill Clinton
You need to stay away from young people.  #lolitaexpress
Your next in court times up.
Get it right Bill. You just like celebrating young people #pedo
Blah blah blah, theft theft theft, lies lies lies.
you should be in jail with Hillary
Hillary's aides called the Clinton Foundation ’Chelsea's nest egg. One of Bill Clinton's closest aides, Amy Chozick, claimed it had paid for Chelsea's wedding. The book “Chasing Hillary”@ChelseaClinton @HillaryClinton @BillClinton #GRIFTERS

Maybe you can get the Department of Commerce to embrace the NIST update to the Fair Packaging and Labeling Act. You started the ball rolling with the FPLA update in 1992, time to finish the job.
https://www.redstate.com/rachelfromohio/2018/04/25/juanita-broaddrick-bill-clinton-rape/amp/?__twitter_impression=true …
Piada de Cabaré: Bill, impossível, a essa altura, salvar o planeta de seus destroços. Isso me parece sofismo. O mundo abraçou toda a cultura política e econômica de Roma antiga!!!

Your a CROOK!!!  Time will tell, TICK TOCK!!
Every now and then I have a look at what you have been up to. It always makes me smile. I hope your well Sir
http://thesop.org/story/20180424/hillary-clinton-went-on-an-fbomb-tirade-against-donald-trump-in-debate-prep.html …

@ClintonFdn @Crowns147 ..gr8 Clinton
Protecting the planet is in the works.  Your military tribunal will come soon enough.

Mr. Bill Clinton I want to thank you for serving our country and being a good president sir I just wanted to thank you take care and may God bless you and your family
People the Earth is all we have! Keep it clean!
Haiti...how could you?
Let us be action #milliondollarpatriots President Clinton.
# hello ha ha
Which number trip was this to your 26 flights to pedophile island aboard the #lolitaexpress.
Then take silver and gold and make crowns and set them upon the head of Joshua the son of Josedech, the high priest. Zechariah 6:11 KJV

The good Lord will keep your lamp burning. He will keep your light shining. You are God's building. The Lord is not unjust He will not forget your good work and the love which you have shown Him as you have helped His children and continue to help them. In Jesus Christ's name.
The Lord will richly reward you. A good family brings good things out of the good stored up in them. You are God's workmanship created in Christ Jesus to do good works, which God Almighty prepared in advance for you to do. You are God's friend. You are God's field. In Jesus name.
Mr. President, I thank you for my children and grandchild.
#CTU911NOWGO
Rapist
I will you feel sorry for you Bill being married to that woman would make anybody old my heart goes out to you
And we all agree Mr president
You are my forever President
Thank you! God bless WJCF!! Yes,I love my family with honesty and integrity!!!

You mean Trump! Your sign has a mis spelling I is Spelled Trump!
Where We Go One! We Go All! Q
クリントン大統領
Investigate the crooked foundation!
Why are you not in jail? Rape, treason, lying under oath, stealing, etc.
I don't even care Bill Clinton still cool s***
One of our best Presidents! I sure miss him!
Should we protect our planet by eliminating some of its useless inhabitants?
Yep, gotta get ride of Trump and the planet will thrive!!
#The circle of life
Where’s the Haiti money?
All over world some concrete and practical measures should be adopted to get rid of air,water and Soil etc pollution.answer to Soil pollution is Organic farming , using chemical fertilisers and pesticides should  be discouraged..

Thanks Again Mr. President
The only green you care about was money you got from Haiti
Yes Bill
Good day.
Talk about global agendas and goals
Talk about the financial adjustments nessacary for good renewable energy sources and larger replacements. I'll create a monopoly and once it's all in place then others can follow.
Eat a earth worm
Are you doing a scripted conversation in Seattle or what?
Was jetting to Little St. James 26 times socially responsible, Willie? Were you there for the blood and adrenochrome or just the little girls? Do you feel safe, Willie?
From Latvia
Thank you President Clinton for caring about our Earth. I only wish our current inhabitant of the White House had your outlook!
I’ll bet you’re happy the old lady is under investigation. With luck,she’ll get locked up so you can chase after bimbos with the ol’ ball & chain cramping your style.

#CrookedClintons
Must be running low of funds?
Clinton crime family still trying to elicit funding , crooked bunch of fools
The White House’s statement is an abomination

@HillaryClinton posted ‘BURN THE CITY DOWN, DESTROY EVERYTHING’ to periscope night after election loss... is that what you’d call ‘socially responsible’ @BillClinton  #CrookedHillary
Let's all donate and enrich you and Hill further. What a scam
Another group of uneducated leftists... Okay I'm going to educate you! Earth Day is a phony holiday created by a guy that murdered his girlfriend stuffed her body into a trunk and fled to Europe to escape prosecution. But then I know you celebrate Roman Polanski too...
Progress like in Haiti?
The entire Clinton Gang belongs in jail. If anyone else did 1/100,000 of the things you've gotten away with we still be behind bars. Your foundation is a money chest for your gang. Should be shut down
http://www.fabianknipper.de 
Why can’t our current President use words  like this instead of waking up today on this beautiful earth and decide to trash people and prop himself up. What has America turned into ?
Thank you for all the good work you do.
Thank you, I needed to hear that right now.
The only thing you join young people in is pedophilia. #FantasyIsland
클린턴 전 대통령을
늘 많이 존경하고 있읍니다.

You looking for young interns to molest again?
Well there's nothing simpler for politicians than joining other people's efforts and results in words, paying them lip service. Doesn't breed anything more in reality than public cynicism & further distrust in the political environment
