Ah...eat shit
Says the Putin bot. All those numbers behind your name give you away
That's the tweeter account number asshole
Better to be abbot than an utterly worthless human being who spends their time snarling insults at strangers expressing condolences for a death.  He was being charitable saying he thinks you're not human.  It's quite possible you're worse: a complete depraved waste of humanity.
He’s a rather angry bot. I think someone has been a big old meanie to him and apparently he has issues from it.
Just against stupid liberals who need a village to wipe there ass...sorry you're just not needed
I realize Bill Clinton isn't actually tweeting, but HTF does he even poke his slimy head out of his hole? What a disgusting POS he and his wife are.
Most people aren't as full of hate as you.  Most like him significantly more than the current president.  Your general worthlessness doesn't actually impact the behaviors of functional people out in the world.
Nope.  Just aware of the real world outside of your delusional and malicious echo chamber.  That's actually the exact opposite, but you might be too far gone to recognize the difference.
You like Hillary Clinton. That says it all.
You're insane. Get a grip on reality.
I'm not the one announcing things that are not and never have been real or true, Rick.  That's you.

Do you have somebody who takes care of you?
As a reminder, folks like @BillClinton @HillaryClinton and @BarackObama want to take away many of your freedoms.
Fight back is by signing the #IBOR #InternetBillOfRights 
All of your pals at #Qanon & #TheGreatAwakening , including @POTUS , have signed it.

https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/internet-bill-rights-2 …
TRUMP fleas carry many diseases
That's it?

That's all you've got for me?  :(

cute... i got called a bot, again.
i see you're well programmed too
Nice deflection
Google the word in the pic.
Do a little research.
Let me know what you find.
Curious to hear your thoughts.
I don't have to Google. PEOPLE in Arkansas constantly vote against their own best intetest. It must be terrible being that ignorant.
Bill... I REALLY wish you never got impeached... I mean that regardless of what the news wishes to tell us.. I just wanted to say that...
Anyway, have a nice day..
Rape
Ambrose Jackson:

How come you have NO profile picture?
& why are you taking time out of your day to say anything to me at all? You type 1 word & think it justifies something. Its funny but its also a huge waste of time. Are you trying to tell me something or are you that bored?
Ambrose Jackson:
You know what? Let me be the first to apologize.
I'm sorry for responding words to people you dislike, even though I have every right to tell Bill I wish he didn't get impeached, the overall wish was for him to have told the truth about "what happened."
Ambrose Jackson: 
I stand for the side that represents the Constitution, & every fallen hero in our time of history. But I don't hate @realDonaldTrump, @Hilary_Clinton1, @BillClinton, or @BarackObama, as I feel they all got screwed over by our Government regardless of their past.
In fact what Obama & Donald have in common is their ideas when they 1st start out as President. But Its Congress that can deny their ideas. 2/3 of the vote in both House & Senate stops Presidents from keeping promises. But Bill instead, gets impeached!
These days a lot of people working in the branches of Government are loosing their jobs because of sexual harassment cases, or scandal.  But years before this, Bill lies under oath about relations with an intern. He doesn't really get impeached for any other reason. Just that~
So in other words, anything else he may have done wrong (& I mean ANYTHING) is not why he looses his job as President. All he had to do was lie under oath about having some affair I never cared about him having, because his "sex life" does not effect our rights or us at all.

A little while ago 25+ airstrikes
on Douma,#EasternGhouta #Syria
carrying napalm and phosphorus explosives causing toxic smoke and fires throughout the city. Residents…
Forth of July??? Maybe if you contribute to the clinton crime family the fireworks will Subside
Dear Mr President. As we seem to be living in an age of gross slander and libellous mediocrity it is important to remember how some leaders took risks for peace... N.I

To bad you could not have been a better man
Slick Willy the biggest crime boss on the planet,followed by crime wanna best and former slaves he trained to heal
@BillClinton @HillaryClinton @BarackObama 
all have something to hide from 
#Qanon #TheGreatAwakening & @POTUS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RIkRkwVSPJQ … Bill Clinton did this

Kosovo is Serbia!
My sons birthday is coming up April 1st and he has had no father in his life and it will be 3 months since I seen him
So @BillClinton , @HillaryClinton went for one last 'trip'?
Was @BarackObama with her?  
Likely not.
But #Qanon and @POTUS are there for #TheGreatAwakening
I love when you tweet. Reminds me we had intelligent people in the WH at one time.
Apparently nobody has broken the news to dumbasses, that they can no longer use sex scandals when their guy has a new legit one every single day. & that’s cause right wing propaganda hasn’t told them, & they don’t dare think w/out propaganda.
Kambahteh!

Yes, but did he get 100% A's?
I'm guessing your wife's glad she's not US's POTUS. With her 34+ yrs. in Govt., even if she only got 99% on every test, she'd still be getting mega-trounced for 34 oopses! US is going through tricky times. Even our Rookie POTUS is getting pounced on.
@BillClinton ..Billy Leo passed away Saturday. Yesterday was his funeral. He loved you & @HillaryClinton so much! Rest in peace, Mr. Democrat! 
Blocking this bot.
Hello President Clinton
I have an idea that might work well with putting a contribution to the Clinton Foundation.I would like to run this idea by you and see what you http://think.It  would have to be a large donation to compleat what I have in mind.
Thank you Spinoza p

@BillClinton 
Have you seen @HillaryClinton or @BarackObama recently?
Just curious.
#Qanon #TheGreatAwakening @POTUS
Yeah, HRC is touring India and Obama’s is maki g a deal with Newsweek. Other than that, they aren’t seen because they do t want to be seen! MSM isn’t talking about them as they are part of the plan.
Hey Bill, why are you still salty over the time @TigerWoods totally fleeced you on the golf course? LOSER
The corruption in the neglect in the family law legal system is still happening I urge everyone to help please my son has lost me as a father and I don’t want his mind corrupted help
https://cartoonistpk.blogspot.com/2018/03/cartoon-on-communist-king.html …
If you think that then he was a crook and probably a pedofile !

 a Trumpster bring up sex scandals. Isn’t that special?
Tell that to the 13 year old Trump assaulted.
You mean the supposed event that took plave in 1994 and then in 2016 when Trump is in the thick of the presidential race, allegations come out. Funny how all these allegations came out years later. Gloria Allred and Lisa Bloom offer to pay off women's mortgages to come forward.
She’s been trying to sue for years—and was continually threatened. Sound familiar Skippy? His MO are threats. Grow the f-up.
John Podesta is Skippy. Trying to sue for years, huh? So it took her 22 years tonfile a civil suit for this alleged rape? Gotcha!
Nope. Try again Skippy.


Thank you & thank your messages; To be I'm & we are on time's  building the moments of together for we can win on this next United  States of America Election Presidential 2020, Also we need confirm our  united and I'm need give hands & supported on Funds & Materials with other..
你好！总统同志！中共现在终于在经济强大的后盾下全方位强大起来了：网络有能力建长城了、所有的监控都能人脸识别了、现在连翻墙软件都能识别了……。非常感谢同志你的帮助！谢谢你！
My son is being told to lie and the corruption is not doing anything to preserve his mind they want to send him to therapy which he does not need please help!!!!!!
pete peterson was a sleazy buyout investor who then made his life’s work trying to buy enough politicians to dismantle social security
Dear Bill, do you know the wording of the clinton foundation just pissed people off
#BillClintonSexualPredator 
#CrookedHillary
Get a fuckin life asshole

Here you go. You ask, you receive. 
Good, stay with her

Climb some stairs...

Run for office. (haaaa)

I’m at war against the epidemic of corruption in the family law legal system and I have been left behind. Attorney tell me it’s a lost cause. I don’t believe saving live is please help! 3107807837

Was Peterson on Larry King Live in about 95-6? Could be wrong. Time sure flys by. At least we have got by without One of the Past Presidents launching missiles. Not sure who will be Governor of SD next. My memory comes...and goes.
All my rights as a father and American citizen were stripped from me and I have lost my son who I love dearly due to the corruption in the family law legal system please help I’m dying 3107807837
And I bet you are. Sniffing around his wife and daughter already.
Can you please support your wife more so she can keep up her pathetic wining and delusional rants in the USA instead of overseas?
We need her here to remind everyone why she lost. Oh don’t worry you can still philander when she is close. She proved she cares nothing about women
R A P I S T

Let me give you advice , come clean now or never see heaven! This life is only the beginning of your tortue.
Bill it's almost time for you to let Satan know you will be home for diner.  I pray the world sees your trial and you get the death penalty , I think in your case we should bring back lynching.
Pete Petersen was on board of Lehman Bros, Wall St. wonder if he was one who gave Clinton’s the heads up on the financial crisis that took Lehman Bros down. & Clintons cashed in their shares  before the collapse. I’m not sure. Just sayin
I LOVE MY PRESIDENT. YOU ARE A UNIQUE GOOD PRESIDENT AND A PERSON. 
 
I see 1.5m jobs and tech
It could go far in 15
The least I can do is try to keep us all close. Truths. How about you and the Trumps get together as well
クリントン大統領
OMG Bill wtf
When did you last talk with  Hillary?
Good day Mr.President..
Then what was he doing associating with pieces of shit like you and your wife?
To bad yours didnt Bill.
Ahhh...so Dems DO believe in "thoughts and prayers".
The STDs still haven’t killed you yet ...
My deepest condolences.
qqaa
Why your foundation is not involved humanitarian activities in Somalia. 
I have some projects which need to support like mobile clinic.
We are so very saddened for you  and Hillary, losing a dear friend takes a piece of you with them. That has been my experience. Love and appreciate you both.
Wonder what he would have said about bill if the tables were turned. Clinton ran the biggest Ponzi scheme in history. Stole Haiti relief Money so Chelsea could have a nice wedding. Crime family extradonaire. #lockthemallup
Did u rape him?
Dear Sir 
all respect for you
Prayers ? Hmmmmm...
Let's stop the depraved pile the Clinton's lifestyle stand for if you are stupid enough to keep giving these people donations the jokes on you idiot's who give them money to support pure filth.
Another Clinton Associates dead.... What did he have on you Billy? What's the body count up to now???
Thank you mr. President you know after 8 years of a black president who brought us from the brink to a great economy Christian Conservative Republican white people through God under the bus for political Victory because they could not have that. Thank God for people like Pete
That was so eloquently written.  Not to politicize, but it was refreshing to read something written by a president that was true and from the heart and not toxic.  Thank you.

bill, please find  a leader for the democrats someplace    we need a young goodlooking guy who has smarts   both hil and bernie are too old, sorry hil   but this is what the people want.  but where is there a good candidate   help
May he rest in peace.
Looks like u speak for Hillary: kinda like the way she says white women think and act like their husbands 
YES.
Bill Clinton, You still strong and adding value to national issues.
You can't knock people off any more
Hope is still alive
Bill you have to go down before I die
Bill the truth will not set you free
Let's talk about Barry Seeil
Bill you don't have any power anymore
Bill Stanley Huggins?
Gandy ?
You can't find  me billy
Dr Stanley
47 million Bill?
I know Caulet Wilson Wilcher and John Walker

If this psychopath had the same name twice, how good could he have been?
A Clinton foundation crony suicided?
Did you send your thoughts and prayers to SETH RICH'S family?????? #LockThemUp #ClintonCrimeFamily #UraniumOne #Haiti #ChildTrafficking #SethRich #MoneyLaundering #Treason #AmericaForSale
Anyone who's friends with a disgusting criminal like you isn't profoundly good.
Where's Haiti's money?
So sorry for your loss, Mr. President & Mrs. Clinton 
If by “public servant” and “profoundly good man” you mean “tried for decades to destroy social security” then sure.
50moles exact miles

I miss you Bill!
So how bout that Pak fa?
May he rest in peace.
Yeah, but ...
He is the cause of your wife's loss.
No Rachel he was not...
Whenever I see “a statement from President Clinton” I close my eyes and pray this was all a nightmare and that they’re talking about Hillary.
You’re not the only one...
Me two!
They got no balls or no integrity or somebody would have been  done something  about the Trump
Are you telling @HillaryClinton how to think again @BillClinton ???  How could she possibly think without a man’s input 
Sorry @BillClinton I am going to have to agree to disagree Pete Peterson wanted the Big 3 Privatized  I sometimes don’t know how bought off you are which is sad because you at 1 time were my Hero
i’m sorry for your lots
Who?
Hope you and Hillary are doing well.
In prison...


Slick, your pathetic
*you're
You’re what
Correcting your grammar
Sorry Bill, 
Peterson advocated for cuts to social security.  He was not our friend.
У меня день рождение. Подари мне деньги Сороса. Я потом сделаю банк в твои честь...

Hydrocephalus - Fluid in the brain 
This is by far the best book you recommended to me , a timeless gift ! Thank you ! Changed my strategy ..
Thank you Sir !
IF HE HAD ANYTHING TO DO WITH YOU AND YOUR FAMILY, HE WAS PROBABLY CROOKED
BillClinton don't worry about Patterson. He's still alive and knows how to run his own business.

ALWAYS LOVE YOUR FAMILY BILL + HILLARY
Thank you. You were a real president and it’s regrettable that you and hillary aren’t in the White House where you belong. Uplifting America not tearing it apart.
Wonder what he "knew"
Sup Bill? If you ain't to busy could you ask Hillary to come home now please 

Sincerely America #StillWithHer
They didn’t do their homework. India has an extradition treaty with the US.
I thought liberals didn't believe in "thoughts and prayers". 

#LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
There you go, thinking without the proper tool. Don't hurt yourself.
Haha.... 
What? 
Sending Prayers to his Family.
Sorry for your loss, Mr. President.
2/16/2018 - Police  Death Threat while filing Police Reports - Assault Battery/Theft/Dog Attacks/Car Vandalism connected to Mike Huntley and Victoria Walker - https://youtu.be/WMg8JR9uVBY   

Wordpress:
https://kevinperelmantarget.wordpress.com/2018/03/05/2-16-218-police-death-threat-while-filing-police-reports-assault-battery-theft-dog-attacks-car-vandalism/ …

Youtube:
Sorry for the loss of your friend
Did want teaching  trump how stop enemy
Now you come  out you know  it time
(( Hillary's Globalism or Trump's America - https://www.amazon.com/Hillarys-Globalism-America-Kimberly-Bratton-ebook/dp/B01L0XXIBS … )) http://humansarefree.com/2017/03/what-is-agenda-21-depopulation-of-95-of.html …
http://danfer0063.blogspot.ca/  
