It has been a great honor to teach your father’s legacy of non-violence, courage, compassion, persistence, and equality to my third-graders. Thank you Dr. King!
Thank YOU!
he had a set thats for sure
I will always respect MLK Junior infinitely more than Malcom X due to the fact MLK was not a nationalist. He understood mixing is the only way to move the human race forward
Hey
Text me
6262104405



Ya love for humanity incredibly I have dream one day all humanity around world free tick Sam Love that tick
Not sure he would be too happy about your NWO wish.
Was this portrait hanging in the exclusive country club Bill Clinton was a member of in Arkansas?

It take more then a king to have all the people listen but a king is a great start. 
My dad's birthday day. I still celebrate it even though he is with our Heavenly Father.

Bizzy Bone Gets On @BigBoi & @IamAkademiks For Not Respecting Bone Thugs Legacy
https://youtu.be/s3hbN5-ANts 
Nics
@BillClinton HALK OLARAK BUNA DUR DEMELİSİNİZ
@BillClinton ABD DÜNYAYA  SİLAH KAN VE GÖZYAŞI SERVİS EDİYOR
Clinton crime family! He rapes they all steal and they want us all poor. 
What’s so very sad is to realize he could still be alive today.
In hearing his speeches this year as I have each year on kucr, the thought occured to me how he so passionately protests war and the use of young, poor men to fight and die in service for their countries. He also speaks of the devastation of war zones rarely mentioned by leaders.
#stopafringenocide
#stopafringenocide 
#stopafringenocide
#stopafringenocide 
#stopafringenocide
#stopafringenocide 
#stopafringenocide
#stopafringenocide 
#stopafringenocide
#stopafringenocide 
#stopafringenocide
#stopafringenocide 
#stopafringenocide
#stopafringenocide
Humbled to be able to call him my 23rd cousin twice removed 

If only more people nowadays could find the bravery to stand up to injustice and have the peoples power to create change with our voices instead of fear and violence 

@MarcusHAMMERIAN

https://youtu.be/shBTw_x9T_c 
There will come a day when racism will be a "pigment" of the imagination.  We will then be able to sit together and discuss our wants and differences.
#noflyzone4afrin
#noflyzone4afrin
#noflyzone4afrin
#noflyzone4afrin
#noflyzone4afrin
#noflyzone4afrin
#noflyzone4afrin
#noflyzone4afrin
#noflyzone4afrin
#noflyzone4afrin
#noflyzone4afrin
#noflyzone4afrin
#noflyzone4afrin
#noflyzone4afrin
#noflyzone4afrin
#noflyzone4afrin
#MLKDay
M l king spoke for a redemptive movement 4 both offender and target & open pathways of redemption out of the pit of moral nihilism & defeat

Mrsk King adds:

" My children. I miss you, but must ask you to be patient and hold fast to your Faith in Jesus. Serve God, as we @Always have, with all your Hearts and make sure that @Greenpeace has a place there also.

Their fight is our fight."
- Momm
"I end this message for now, with a request:

Let no man bother buddha, as he awakens to become Shaolin Buddha."



"The Dream was always:

That all men and women, of all Nations, colors and creeds --- may live in PEACE, under One @BruceBanner."
"How I laughed, when I first heard of @BruceAlmighty."
"God has spoken unto my wretched self:

"We are none other than God. @MorganFreeman AS God in Our Beautiful Homestead is in fact the Embodiment of Virtue, Wisdom and Love."
"Love makes the mind work in many wonderful ways. It is easy to understand and leaves few questions.

Jesus however was always an enigma to many.

It is time to disclose God's Plan in small @BABY steps."
Doctor King goes on to state:

"Imagine my surprise, when I arrived here and discovered so many people of so many different backgrounds and so-named Religions -- a poor choice of word to name those who have @faithevans FAITh in LOVE".
"Do not believe for a second that Muslims are evil people. They have hearts, just like us and minds that can excel. In fact, many people here in God's Kingdom ARE @Muslim."
"Time flies in this here realm. God has mercy upon everyone, who wishes to find that place, where they can live the TRUE American Dream.

Muslims brothers and sisters -- Jewish brothers and sisters ---> We are all obligated to Serve Love."
"To my family. I am well. I sense that headache of buddha's and I must therefore cut some things relatively short. If he destabilizes again, it would be bad for genetic research."
Reverend King adds:

"I cannot fully explain all the details yet. Buddha is extremely fatigued at present, so we have to make sure his mind remains in shape.

Let it be clear that Jesus has an agenda, please."




#nowplaythatsongplease
-MLVandrossK
"In the words of the one who knows:

"--" "DAMN! I gotta do something about this sorrow.". <3
"I must depart for now. In time, I will become fully visible to all, who have accepted Christ as their Shepherd.

We believe with all our hearts that Christ has risen from the ashes of sorrow, to renew our Faith in Humanity."
We thank the Creator for having given Sight To The Blind. 

Many can not imagine what Jesus could look like. Through Mr Smith, we can gaze upon a form that is Amazing and Full Of Godly Knowledge."
"We are awakened by a calling:

Jesus has returned to earth. He has been chosen to be Will Smith, as an Avatar for his form. That means that Jesus is now both Infinitely Cool and Funny at the same time."

"I am always there, at the helm and will keep that fire burning, like I always have.

To my family: I miss you and hope that some day, we will all find that place, where we can be at peace once more."
"I may be 89, but I look like I always did, but with a liittle, lot more insight and gotspe.

Have you noticed that the world is moving towards a new day? I did. 

I wish i could convey how much I miss my family in hug and kisses."
"I hope that people from across the globe come together to fight this grave injustice we face today.

Oh yes, I have returned as a spirit, to battle as God's Vanguard Pastor."
"My life was an amazing one. How often did I not pray for salvation? I was granted a glimpse into God's Magical Kingdom and was amazed.

I hope that Children from everywhere will remember that I held their hopes and dreams within my heart."
"Dear everyone, especially my beloved daughter. I am alive and well in God's Kingdom. 

I hope that my 98th Birthday was a Grand Success. I was there, but couldn't eat any pie, for the sole reason of not being 100% visible to everyone".
;MLK street signs, roads and Drives and, holidays we will never forget.
Think not

Let's not forget:
He was a true American hero. It would be so sad for him to see how things are just as bad now in reverse.
I disagree. Blacks have loweret unemployment in recorded history, with an income boost via tax cuts on the way. MLK would likely say vote for what you believe in, yes, but still be kind to your fellow man and lead by example. This #McResistance against fellow citizens is scary.
@BillClinton Slt votre père est une éternité  c'est le sens le plus élevé de l'existence  Merci
Rapey Bill you are on Fox tonight!
Amen.
Amen
IMPORTANT INFO FOR CHRISTIAN COMMUNITY @GODMERCYCO
Enforcement is challenged each day by balance of democractic perfection. They lovingly care for us more than we would know. When you feel treated unfair please ask someone more experienced to see it with you. Give em' credit. All love out to the challenged by concern for others.

Law Enforcement. LOVE FOR HUMANITY
Someone arrest this rapist
Be a king one day and always
#ReleaseTheMemo #ReleaseTheMemo #ReleaseTheMemo #ReleaseTheMemo #ReleaseTheMemo #ReleaseTheMemo #ReleaseTheMemo #ReleaseTheMemo #ReleaseTheMemo #ReleaseTheMemo #ReleaseTheMemo #ReleaseTheMemo #ReleaseTheMemo #ReleaseTheMemo
Bill you can't talk ! 
You still see blacks as your slaves to do what thou wilt with -! - when they realise how you have stolen and kept them in poverty you'll be glad to be in jail then!
W
Do you know blacks consume foods lacking mirconutrients that are needed for cognition & energy? This also exists in all poor households & holds them back from progress. Also, all women & blacks are held back by Law Schl Admis Counsel, higher EDU! #timesup
@realDonaldTrump you did COLLUSION with SHITCONGRESS 435 Reps&100 Sens, you hasn't votes to win 60' vs 63' votes invalid woman, omit XII Amend give legaligacy 4 yrs WH,Now to remove Reps&Sens who reelected violated Art.1. Section 2,3 update XVII, XXII & to fill vacants temporally

Bill.. If you so appreciate blacks why are you married to a woman who saw the kkk grand Dragon as a grate man and mentor and saw black youth's as super predators who need to be made to heal?! Who even talks like that? Made to heal?!! Really?
Your father was and is a great man, wise beyond his years, many people saw him as a modern day prophet , I know I did. His love for his fellow man, black or white was something I carry with me always.He meant so much to so many. He opened our hearts and minds, he was a leader.
#FakeNewsAwards #WeThePeople #WeAreTheStorm #GreatAwakening #BettyWhite #MeToo
We will forever remember him, his dreams, hard work and efforts through our children, grandchildren and all future generations.
Thanks for your wonderful message Bernice! Your father continues to inspire and keep hope alive even though he is no longer here with us physically.  His hard work and dreams live on in my heart, and the hearts of many people all over the world.
Did the disabled rights work together with civil rights or were they fierce rivals? With that in mind since MLK is so close to New Years how about the thought of Super Monday after Super Bowl to celebrate peaceful activities  on an International level
He marched with the torch we gon run with it now

Demonrats r the RACISTS!!!
black
Amen! He spoke God's word, not religiously, but as one that sat at the Lord's feet! See, I have this day set thee over the nations and over the kingdoms, to root out, and to pull down, and to destroy, and to throw down, to build, and to plant. Jeremiah 1:10.
A true leader!!!
No people should follow Jesus He is the savior not your father. Where was he when this nation was born?
Exactly! Bernice.
Oh MLK so wise God he loved humanity anyone heard of #QAnon apparently informing the masses about technolgies to improve the quality of life of Americans and humanity I ponder if the food materialisation technolgies #QAnon mentions could help the poor the homeless and third
World countries
Thank you to your father. His words were and are courageous,  heartfelt and, to me,  one of the greatest moving speeches by anyone ever. God bless him,  you and your family. I will always hear and feel his words,  "I have a dream...". 
Hillary is a class Act. Has done more for America & American’s than people will EVER know. She doesn’t toot her horn,WAS always busy GETTING job done.Mistakes? Yes.Admitted & would continuing working.Trump does nothing(Golf’s) & spewsconstant LIES.Thank You Hillary
In Jesus mighty name..Amen Amen
Amen!
As do all Americans who have love in their hearts.  MLK was a truly amazing leader.
Wise men are often held up to civilizations as a goal or path and rightly so! Their wisdom helps our youth understand our Ideals and they... are our future.
@BillClinton We are together
@BillClinton Let's be in touch
Coretta Scott King should be celebrated, also!
As someone who is still in school, learning about this man taught me the unbelievable power and range of the human voice. Learning about the things he stood for showed me that one person can make a difference #MLK #MLK50Forward
Here in UK, one of my Year 8 classes listened to your father’s ‘I have a dream’ speech today in our English lesson as a supreme example of a speech, to analyse what made it so powerful. 
A man of his time and ahead of his time. Brave, courageous and righteous.
That's a tall order, Ms. King. Because when I read your dad's writings it is immediately obvious that he real really truly did love humanity because he believes that at heart humanity is good.  It's deeply inspirational, but, alas, it's an idea that has lost traction these days.
People have changed.MLK,Jr message always there but people have hardened their hearts.I still hear his words “I have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin, but by the content of their character

As we are about to enter 2018, the combination of nations that represents the greatest danger to peace is:
Yes Amen
#MLK
Martin Luther King's legacy will live forever. Happy anniversary to a great legend.
#neverlosehope
No its koon
Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere. Keep spreading the word.

I was 15 when MLK and Bobby Kennedy were assassinated. Same year George Wallace ran for president. America rejected Wallace with a resounding NO. This was 1968 during the height of the Civil Rights era. Yet now, in the 21st century, we have a George Wallace clone in the WH.
Who killed King? https://www.corbettreport.com/interview-1272-william-pepper-reveals-who-really-killed-mlk/ … the deep state - proven
One of the most amazing men of the modern era. We're blessed that his words were so well recorded and continue to effect change, much needed change. I'm devastated at the regression trump has caused in one year, work of over fifty years almost undone. We must #Resist
You have mentioned them, I take my question back
What about politicians, are they exempted from following his teachings?
No stop with the parades step up open your mouths,designer clothes,neighborhood stores,commercials selling whtppl products employee your ppl make in your community wht businessmen invest in our neighborhoods make it part of contracts real men like King,Malcom preach do 4 yourself
Wow. He would’ve been a young 89 today if he were not cut down so early. All those now in their 80’s and 90’s who lived contemporaneously with MLK, what are their retrospective thoughts?

here's a black man you just had murdered:
What was your father's stance on being gay and the LGBT community?
He voice is surely needed today. His words could be about 2018.
Your father was a great and gifted man...he's is forever in the hearts of all like-minded people.  You must be so proud of how much he contributed to humanity.  His memory is eternal.
I think Disney should have an MLK animatronic similar to Mr. Lincoln to help people relive the speeches that turned world history and showed us who we should want to become.
And March..
The truly good people of this country love your father & respect everything he stood for. Unfortunately this past election has brought out the hate in so many people. Your father would have been heartbroken to see what has happened to us because of Trump. Just know he is loved
Literally every day of my life, I think of these words:

"No one is free until we are all free."

Heartfelt and covers every injustice.
You had a great dad. Immeasurable. Irreplaceable. I would be so proud! Happy bday MLK
He was an incredible man, I  admire his actions, ethics and his prospective. He gave a gift that continues to give. Thank you Mr King.
Your father’s legacy and vision are spoken of every week in my third grade classroom! Thank you for everything your family continues to give to our country.
Happy Birthday Dr. King.
Sadly they will not. Every single person who has tried to make this a better planet has been murdered. What's that tell us?
