Join us for #CGIU2018 at the @UChicago this October 19-21! Apply with your commitment to take action by April 23 at http://cgiu.org/apply . 
You shouldn't be allowed near young people rapey bill
How young would you prefer?
Thank you President Clinton for all you do for the world you and your family
BILL CLINTON'S SON FROM BLACK PROSTITUTE SPEAKS!!
Cigar man
How about #DannyWilliams ?
definitely young leaders are future of the world
Thank you so much Mr. President for all you have done, you came  to us "the black community" in the 90's when we really needed you, You gave America a freshness, an intelligence, and hope, Love to you and President Mrs. Hillary Clinton
He was amazing for the black community.
You are a great leader Mr. President Clinton.
We all should be extremely cautious toward anything the Clintons present to the world. Not a good look here.
Looking forward to having you to @uchicago, @BillClinton @ClintonFdn!
SETH RICH WAS MURDERED BY THE DEMS!
WAKE UP AMERICA!
THIS IS WHAT THE DEMS DO!
CROSS THEM,DONT FALL IN LINE,THEY WILL HAVE YOU KILLED!
Not surprising you would attend where the “young” female leaders are
Rapist
And Trump is better. Get you priority straight. Go with God.
Such language I'm sure you don't mind being in a room with Trump. Touched a nerve I see. Have a great weekend.

I'm sorry Janet but I'm not gonna go into a battle of wits with you. I was always taught not to battle against someone that's unarmed. Have a good night.
Idiot.. go tell your 3 followers.... haaaaaa
Always name calling. Very well educated. Also I don't care if I one follower I don't need followers to live. 3 grade????  There is higher education.
Bill - should they have big tits?
. I would so much love to join. 
Thank you for sharing.
Thanks for all the Clinton's have done and tried to do for this country! Sorry for all the negative responses to your positive message. I love you and Hillary!
Another opportunity to the young leaders
Bill Clinton thinks the NY Times colluded with Trump to defeat Hillary.

Seriously? The NY Times has done nothing but smear Trump.

WE, the American Citizens, are why Hillary lost. And WE will continue to make sure the left never has control over the future of America again #Maga
@davidhogg111 @Emma4Change
I wouldn’t let you near any young woman I know.   Sex offender.
@VoteAkil
Thank you Mr President.
should they bring cigars?
Hey Slick Willy? How’s your ol buddy Jeffery Epstein? Your an Embarrassment to America as is Hillary and your daughter. The Clinton Foundation should be thoroughly Investigated.
Is Heaven on Earth a big enough idea for you Uncle Billy? Its easy to do with Hitler&Satan out of the way!
Hi
How do you even have the nerve to show your face in public, can't wait for the day we see your funeral on FOX NEWS. All those sexual assualts and you couldn't even father a child, where does Chelsea go on Fathers Day
Yea  great leader....unlike ours in nigeria. .
So inspiring...
#TimePhoneHack


The only difference between Bill Clinton and Cosby is Clinton used power to rape and Cosby used drugs.

Let’s listen up and share big ideas with all of us.
That's great
Thank you President Clinton.
Good day.
SETH RICH was a young leader with big ideas!
He did not agree with your evil ideas!
Now he is dead!
Will you give up the truth on SETH RICH MURDER?
I SAID NO MORE INTERNS BILL!!
I got a great idea free pull strings and no more nose cancer #pill
Or a willing receptacle for a cigar probe!
Mr Clinton you can count on me because I have big ideas.
Do they have to be crooked to
Bill, many Americans have a low opinion of you. But, I congratulate you on nominating Arthur Tarnow to the Federal Bench, Eastern District of Michigan.
Mr.President
What has happened to your foundation can it keep going and do any good?Looks to me the people of America has lost confidence in the foundation?
Leave the young alone, Bill. Don't you think you've done enough damage to them.
We have many young leaders
Thank you for your response to Columbine when you were President.
Monica might want to come. Give her a call....
Definitely check out the band Tiny Fingers Resistance.
RAPIST
Sounds like the perfect opportunity for @JustinIBlackman  He was alone at the first walk out and now there's this at his school #goodtrouble
I'm sure you would prefer female attendees
What are you making the White House a joke President Trump
Are you aware Uncle Billy that I've won a World Series by killing Satan&Stopping Hell On Earth Easter Spring 1998/1999:666 using a written exorcism:B.J.Petzinger! @Yankees
My Father FBI Argotwin Carey Wayne Jefferson Sr. Gave My Mother Marilyn Monroe&Joe DiMaggio his blessings to marry each other,the same as my mother&JFK too!
I hate this shit Uncle Billy its been going on far too long&I hate take away give back game too...
Mr Clinton, what you have done to help the children victimes of the syria war?
Bill...what's your fascination with young people?  Asking for your wife.
#ibelievejuanita #metoo


I do have interest. How can I be part of the event please???
Stripes look nice on sickos
Good
My granddaughter is very involved im political issues. 2018 we have to make the correct choice. Blue
Everything ties back to moral education.
I know many at the Australian National University :)
Great idea! Thank you !
Too bad flotus Was at funeral.  Wld hv preferred Carter.  Bar bush said she was sick of trump,fatso cldnt handle it. A real man wld hv shown up anyway.
Future rapist.
https://twitter.com/jenvey_glen/status/988038651673239552?s=19 …
Where are the billions in Haiti funds that you and the misses were in charge of?
Is Hillary a Devil? An interesting analysis:
we are human being.anybody can fall in devil's hands .the best is to recognise the fault.M.Clinton is not angel.this lady  attracted http://him.so  u are  stupid one .what would u ve done in you were in his shoes.USA is the best country in the world also M.Bill Clinton
Good Morning Mr.President.
Tran Huynh Duy Thuc prisoner  in Viet Nam
I do, but I wouldn’t trust my sisters to be anywhere near you.  Although, they are attractive so you might not be interested.
Love you all
Get em' while they're young, right Billy??
Emma Gonzalez!!!! Please support! I love and miss you dearly!!!! #Hillary
Would you change your name to John Barron and run again?
And if you will kill someone for the Clintons, that's an extra!
Have you heard the good news!!! And it didn't cost us $150billion either! WHAT A GREAT MAN and LEADER !!
North Korea has agreed to suspend all Nuclear Tests and close up a major test site. This is very good news for North Korea and the World - big progress! Look forward to our Summit.
MONICA LEWINSKY!!!
Monica too old now?

Call Danny.  It’s been while.
Still procuring unsuspecting patsies.
Kyle Kashuv is making things happen!
So you can steal their ideas?
Thank you! God bless WJCF!!Yes!!!
クリントン大統領
And if the young leader is female with a cute smile, large breasts, a little on the trashy side and has an open minded sense of adventure, I’ll give her personalized training in a private environment.
Preferably a tall blonde, right slick Willy??
That's just code for young girls with big tits.......
Only young girls?
Hmm...

*Looks at tweet asking for young leaders with big ideas*

*Looks at a place called Parkland in FL*

Mr. President, I might have an idea of who may be honored to attend, if you'll have them...
What if I have an idea to increase voter engagement on issues?

More Americans have a social media profile than vote.
Why is that?
Coukd we solve that with technology?
Thanks Bill. Come to Nigeria, you will be able to shop millions young leaders with kingsize ideas caged by unproductive old politicians who called them lazy illiterate @MBuhari @APCNigeria @AsoRock @NGRPresident
I suppose you want them to be female?
get rufus gifford  he is great  he should be a leader  was ambassador to denmark for O.
Look familiar? #Pedovores 
#thegreatawakening #Adrenochrome #TheStormIsHere #PedoGate #PizzaGate #QAnon #releasethevideo #iamnotasheep @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
Check this guy :The_47th
@BillClinton @CGIU
How young Bill?
@Emma4Change - future president
Niall who's future president again?
Mr Clinton, could you please give Hillary a lift to the wh where she belongs. Please
As a young hick in Arkansas, at what point did you learned how to make hooch?

