OAA has concluded fundraising with over $41 million raised from over 110,000 donors assisting hurricane relief efforts in TX, FL, PR and USVI. Fmr Presidents Carter, Bush (41), Clinton, Bush (43) and Obama thank each donor who contributed. More info at: …
You BETTER thank America for giving you a pass on #LyingInOffice. #TheDefinitionOfIS

Get off the crack Yugly
Go to work, Benny
Ultrcrepidarian
Novice.
Thank you for remaining a stunning example of “presidential”! We need it! 
remaining?? even though he settled multiple rape cases out of court and then ran smear campaigns on all of them.......get your priorities straight lady
Oh, I get it. We disagree. Got it.
He did not rape anyone. Just stop.
Do you know who Paula Jones is? Do you know who @atensnut ,Juanita Broaddrick is? Or are you going to try to slander their reputations like @HillaryClinton did?
Oh dear- you need to stop. Let me guess... you trump. And let me also guess... all of HIS accusers are lyin’ 
donald trump never settled any of his cases to avoid court, just remember that when your loving Clinton House of Cards falls down and they are forever considered the most corrupt politicians in American history
They didn’t use that money for the wedding. Check your facts!

*Isnert wikileaks link because youre trying to make a point. that idea has been reused multiple times*
AMERICA post-1999 HATES @BillClinton!  Bill you dont realize it but there are more conservatives (aka normals) than liberals in America.  Thats when factoring in all 320 Million, not just the voters.
How much of that money will go to help those people?

Well that’s 41 mil going south lol ! Silly peeps donating which will never be seen again
Thank you to our previous Presidents. I would gladly take back any one of you over what we have now!
Thanks you former Presidents!
I wish our current President cared as much about America as our former Presidents do.
ed the famous troll..he brings his negative hatred to trumps tweets too. lol
@krassenstein

Ed...He, for some reason, reminds me of Mr. Peanut.
A malicious Peanut..not journalist
How much do you pocket??

Thanks Mr President to show the mass how you're
More money in your bank, right, Willy? You're a efn con man who benefits from others misfortune and then have the nerve to say we should do with less to give to those who need it. Where's Hatian relief you stole?
Great job President Bush , Bush, Clinton, Carter, Obama! Thanks!
Two will be taken and three will be shaken according to Mark Taylor
THANK YOU AMERICA
Thank you Bill and Hill for ruining our Country. Funny how you two are now staunch supporters of meetoo! It's reprehensible, that you are not a "Registered Sex Offender". The body count is very high! Pay to play, Haiti, White Water, Uranium 1,on, and on.
#rapist

I wish you could still be our president.  I loved your work as well as Hillary's
President Trump has to clean all past Presidents MESS 
@BillClinton   I think my opinion you   Were the best  president For the USA  on the  last 55 years especially after John Fitzgerald Kennedy who  was Assassinated November 22, 1963,  when we will see again president In USA like Bill Clinton&John Kennedy maybe  after 55years
You've done so much Bill ! Your wife needs in the white house things are going so wrong now
Hang rapists now!
Thank you Bill btw in case you didn't recognize it-thats your hand shaking my hand in my profile pic when u visited Antioch , Ca 

Thanks President  Clinton  for your your hard  work and everything your wife has accomplished.....Sincerely Maria Hamid  9252143469
Thank god for you Bill and Obama. I don't know what this Country would do without you! Since our new leader is running us all in to the ground. I met you in St Petersburg, Florida when you were campaigning for Hillary and you were amazing. It is a moment I will never forget.
Running us into the ground with the stock market? The jobs? The companies moving back to America? Maybe the coal mines? Dang, I can't find where he is driving us into the ground....maybe DACA? Nope, sending them back home...hmm, when you figure it out let me know. I can't see it.
Your as delusional as he is!

That is all nice and good @BillClinton but where is the money meant for HAITI?? Your family (Hillary, Chelsea and you) are #crooks How does one amass over 100 million personal after being "broke", now foundation is gone  no #payforplay #Faith in #God you will get your just reward
It’s only a matter time before you’re wearing an orange jumpsuit Willy
President Clinton, it is an honor for all of us your visit to GDL. I could not go to the stadium. I admire him as a person and as a just and humane politician, may God bless you
You rape and you pillage! 
Only the blind believe your words. They can not see your actions.
Hillary Clinton - CORRUPT - wasn't worried about even the appearance of scandal caused by transmitting classified documents over a private home-brewed server, or enabling your husband to shake down foreign donations to your shared foundation, or destroying some 30K emails.

#MemoDay
So Billy...how much you keeping for administrative costs...$40.9 million?  Can't wait tick tock, tick tock your day is coming.
Oh no Bill, you're not getting involved in relief fundraising again are you?  You did a stellar job with Haiti.  Mr. Blythe
I wonder where those dollars are really going?
#StopAfrinGenocide#StopAfrinGenocide#StopAfrinGenocide
Youre next!!
They should remove you from the list.. What happened in Haiti & on the plane with Lynch? Many scandals!
Absolutely despicable! The arrogance they have to do this & think they are above it all. Crooked and sociopathic liars with zero integrity! https://twitter.com/JudicialWatch/status/959201445550501889 …

CROOKED !!!
@TheBushCenter @BillClinton @BarackObama - why don’t our 4 Former Presidents get together again & do PSA’s explaining the importance of the free press; that yes, Russia DID interfere in our election, & the FBI & CIA are honest & doing their job? PLEASE!
Are you raiding the funds, like Haiti??
#stopafringenocide
#stopafringenocide 
#stopafringenocide
#stopafringenocide 
#stopafringenocide
#stopafringenocide 
#stopafringenocide
#stopafringenocide 
#stopafringenocide
#stopafringenocide 
#stopafringenocide
#stopafringenocide 
#stopafringenocide
#stopafringenocide
#StopAfrinGenocide
Is this a 501c3 “charity” like the Clinton Foundation?
Rapist!!!
#StopAfrinGenocide
Great America has to destroy Kimjungeun regime
Trump no sanctions, divulging classified information to Russia no sanctions whose side are you you operative for the Russian really really seen like you have amount really lot of covering up your ass at the same time no sanctions world is watching ass hole
#SOTU
#ObamaGate
@POTUS

This is what real presidents do..
Shhhhhh. Time for you to be quiet.

‘Like Cornered Rats’: Rep. Matt Gaetz Warns Clinton Foundation ‘Justice May Be Coming VERY SOON
So will u and your wife be fleeing the country when the memo is released? Just curious.
YES MR.PRESIDENT @BillClinton 
WE GIVE THANKS FOR AMERICA..................

@AmericaAppeal PLZZZZ TELL ME NO ONE DONATED TO CLINTON CASH! DID HAITI,WHITEWATER ect ect TEACH YOU IDIOTS ANYTHING? 
so when the relief gets to PR - remember to give to the NGO's! Not that stupid mayor from San Juan - she is a hoarder!
You are crook
Just how much was collected to assist Haiti that you and your wife pocketed The nondiscredited Podesta emails say it was a pretty good sum that was spent on Chelsea's wedding, did you ever return that money so those POOR LITTLE CHILDREN could have a nice little hut & clean water
#ReleaseTheDamnMemo
#ReleaseTheMemosNow
Please tel me corruptcli@Tom foundation had nothing to do with it
For the State of the Union address Trump should read from:

"You'd Better Put Some Ice On That: How I Survived Being Raped by Bill Clinton" by  Juanita Broaddrick
https://youtu.be/shBTw_x9T_c  

I hope there’s a watchdog over how these funds are allocated to what they were raised for because your track record isn’t the best Bill..
Hey bill, hilarys on tv making an ass of herself, tell her to let it go.
@HillaryClinton @ChelseaClinton

#Breaking: #FBI Investigating Millions Of Illegal ‘#Charity’ Donations Money Funneled From #Australian Govt To #ClintonFoundation. #LockHillaryUp Lock The #ClintonCrimeFamily Now!https://truepundit.com/fbi-investigating-millions-illegal-charity-dollars-funneled-australian-govt-clinton-foundation/ …
Hey, there?
A MUST WATCH!
Some of the finest. Thank you .

Are you watching FOX DOCUMENTARY ABOUT YOU??? Bahahahaha

So,how much of the money will be diverted into the Clinton foundation.
I would really like to know out of 41 mil raised how much of that went to the people who really need it? What percentage of that went to administrative costs, travel etc.?
You watching FOX News tonight Bill? You’re the center of attention with your sexual deviance. Pahahahaha
With such bad news constantly streaming at us all the time lately, this is absolutely tremendous that all of OUR past Presidents, continue working for AMERICA!
Thank you. 
How much actually went to help the prople. After your salary and your lavish expense account?
hillbilly!
Strangely enough, this article is not about Bill Clinton
Thank you Bill


Thank you for staying involved and for contributing to make America the greatest nation on earth.
Somebody please help me. I cant email to anyone im trying to reach interpol. A lady who has powerful connections to Malaysian police has been harrassing me everywhere i go. She sends messages to public to harrass me. Help me now!!!!!
Her address is 5A Solok Pulai Off Jalan Teluk Pulai 41100 Klang Malaysia. Her name is Seetha. My address is A-23-3 Sang Suria Condo No.1 Persiaran Park View 51200 Kuala Lumpur.
My name is Jaykishen. I am a Malaysian. Spread the word everywhere. She is connected to malaysian police and has block online so i cant reach out. Help me! Its me Jay its not a joke. Help me please. I cant go to anyone im being supprressed in malaysia.
Where you and Hillary been hiding? Come out and answer a few questions. LOL.
#scum #harasser #pig
Get any good blow jobs lately?
I AM NOT FAMILIAR ABOUT YOUR INSIDE BUT SEEMS TO ME THAT YOU WERE THE REAL PRESIDENT ! PERHAPS YOU KNOW DR. MOHAMMAD YUNUS, THE INITIATOR OF MICRO CREDIT SYSTEM IN BANGLADESH. BUT I HAVE BEEN BEING DEPRIVED FROM MY ALL RIGHTS SINCE LAST 20 YEARS ! SORRY !
HI MR. PRESIDENT ! HOW ARE YOU DOING ? ACTUALLY WE PRESERVE NO POWER OVER THE NATURAL DISASTER OR OUR FORTUNE BUT WE CAN TRY TO SAVE OURSELVES OR CHANGE OUR FATE ! THANKS !
He's just covering his tracks. It's a distraction method.
like all the rest of them he does not CARE 
As long as they're sitting pretty THEY DO NOT CARE.
Thank you for the resources you gave to help those 30 Haitian people.
So great! Best wishes to all of you. You warmed people’s hearts.
My world would be crushed if there was no Bill Clinton taking some important decision and action for my country (Kosovo)
America should thank you for hading  you president and person that really cares in a very crucial time and making life better for countries that need help
Why America is popular with actres show not polite clothes ,and why America like drugs narcotics and drunken ? Why america rule cannot be power in Law or in justice ,can America or USA changing ?
Mr Bill clinton what history can we learn from USA ? ,How we can teach children about love in attitude and in law ?

Why don't you  And your wife never wake up
Sorry but I don't trust Clinton's with money.
Billy boys day is coming soon #TimesUp
Bill somehow you always find a way to get rich off others misery.

All I can raise for Hillary is my both middle fingers.
Bill Clinton, the American Society for Public Administration, registers its separate sections with the IRS but generally is not fundraising. Julie Ann Racino, ASPA, 2017-2018 "Chief of Program Operations", Lisa Sidletsky w/ Bill Shields, Jr.

God bless you.

Can You do something about Google?
Good evening Mr.President..
Дуст
Dust

Dear bill just wondering after the amazing job you did helping the Haiti people if their may be something like food materilisation technolgies that exists to help that countries people and third world countries regarding all these elite globalists revelations and indictments if
Only the elites with compassion could help improve the quality of life of all of humanity with release of these technolgies thanks bill
You will not forgotten you make a big History in American books by letting a Black American to position number ONE unbelievable
President Clinton, you and the family are going to prison. You can't avoid justice anymore. Lex Rex!! Enjoy your extended vacation in a cell with another Bubba, who'll make you his girlfriend. I do pray for you & hope you'll repent and Prison Fellowship will be able to help you.
You should have apologized, Bill. Would have saved you so much trouble. And you should have left Hillary while you had the chance.
Mr bill clinton I want you help me, my child want to laktop but I don't any money, I working 7 year, but I don't buy laptop for my child for study, I live in Indonesia wa 08127356853 thank you
Hey Bill! You gonna watch ‘Scandalous’ on Fox Sunday night? You know, “I did not have sexual relations with that woman Ms. Lewinsky!” Pahahahaha
Actually, I DID...I did have sexual relations with that woman, Miss Lewinsky. LOL!!!  Happy 20th Anniversary of your lie #LyingBill Your days of getting away with it are up though... Tick tock...
do you HAVE one more run in ya MR. President?  I don't think @BarackObama is going to come back and saves us from this evil DICTATOR named TRUMP
Thanks to all the former Presidents.  Your effort will help our fellow Island
 Americans PR the most.  You men make up the greatest, the most caring and collectively the smartest club in the world.
