Bill Clinton hated the entire Bush family, still does.
How rude.
Go read the 1992 debate transcripts
Most of you sound uneducated.
But you’re rude AND you sound uninformed.
Certainly not a Christian.
Hmm, sounds like hate speech
No evidently that’s your department
Duam te jemi ne paqe, si grup zogjsh ne hapesire, qe udhetojne e kthehen perseri*
Nothing but class Mr President.  Well said
Thank you, Mr. President!
subscribe to my youtube plzzz show love ill do a donald trump diss track.........link:
Terrible loss for humanity. RIP Mrs Bush
Bruh... wrong pic...
Afraid not, friend
wtf her majesty is now a former american president’s wife
I didn’t know George had a pet name for her. Adorable.
Words of comfort from a real president
He’s probably getting head rn
#LickAWitch
Right?!!!  Sigh.   

They are why we can’t have nice things
@HillaryClinton @Reuters AMAZING you and your wife learned ABSOLUTELY NOTHING from Barbara Bush! Oh well, once CRIMINALS always CRIMINALS!
Byeee
You have got to tell America how much weed you smoke you’re way too happy to not be high! 
Her son did 9/11
Go away. Have some respect.
She was an amazing Lady!  Too bad we will never be able to say the same about you or your wife!
Beautifully said Mr. President
How many times did you bang her?
How are those interns doing?  Have you done a Willie on any lately?
SAD soSAD So SAD soSAD So SAD soSAD So SAD! R.I.P. one if the best!? Blessings! 
So sad to hear of her passing. What an amazing legacy she has left our country. She will be missed.
Rip Barbara Bush
God bless her and the whole family in their time of loss. She will live on through all of them.

Class, Mr. President
come clean now bubba- truth is babs "the enforcer" bush frightened you down to your bones, right? ps was babs really the daughter of aleister crowley?
You’re a wee man aren’t you ?
So sad  
#LickAWitch
i just tweet take it or leave it. you dont see me over there messing with your broom & hat and so forth do you? btw where do witches like to be licked?
You’re a wee , sad Man . 
#LickAWitch
you said that already. do you need some new material?
A wee, sad Man 
#LickAWitch
RIP Mrs. Barbara Bush, sadden for her family
Thoughts and Prayers with the entire Bush family..
Gross
She had everything that person you call your wife never had and never will have!
"And so many of the people in the [Astrodome] here, you know, were  underprivileged anyway," she said, "so this is working very well for  them."
Beautifully said and utterly Presidential.

Thank you.  Your friendship with your former political opponent is something special and should serve as a model for many.
Something we shall not see with Donald. He has few friends, if any.
He has 63 million of them......all LEGAL. 
LMAO
please come back bill and Hillary! we need u so much!
Good fucking god don’t ever say that again.
#Hillary2020
We all super predators in her eyes. Let me bust out that hot sauce! 
Hillary didn't vote for Biden's crime bill while calling its targets sick, violent "sociopaths" or support Vermont's mass incarceration bill, then use both to brag about being tough on crime. Bernie did.
Superpredators referred to gangs that prey on kids, not all of us. Nice try!
Bernie's 2020 black outreach:

- Sanders smears Obama on MLK day. 

- Killer Mike helps white supremacist NRA smear Parkland kids.

- Nina Turner compares Trump's attorney to MLK.

Meanwhile, @HillaryClinton is calling out bigotry and talking about how black voters save democracy
Robert Byrd died beloved by the black community, after spending the last 50 years of his life working tirelessly for Civil Rights.

Your bs anti-Hillary smears didn't work on blacks in 2016, never will. Stay pressed.
You wanted her to suck your DICK too huh
Such a sweet statement.  I thank you and if she could, she'd probably thank you as well.
Well said Mr President.
You and Hillary could learn lessons from her
The wonderful days when they were people first, parties second. When integrity and class mattered.  Something the WH has no freakin' exp with. Zippo.
So sorry for your loss and for all the bush family
And racist. Don’t forget, racist.
Ever get in there?
Wisdom dont stop with wise remarks
What do you know about honesty?
My heart aches.  A superb, elegant & refined lady that served our country in an honorable and loving way.  I will not dishonorable by writing  acronyms, I will bow & write, “May she Rest In Peace.”  A love  & respect that I will keep until the day that I die.
I think we all need to celebrate a life well lived. I’m a life long Democrat but always had great respect for Mrs. Bush because she represented our country with a smile and a twinkle in her eye. RIP Barbara, you will be missed.
भगवान उनकी आत्मा को शान्ति दे
May God bless her soul
A wonderful woman, I’ll miss her 
RIP Barbara she was certainly a great American women and she fought for what she truly believed in. 
Her candor and humor will be missed. Thank you 42,for being such a good friend to her. #AnotherSon
She went straight to hell today. Fierce and feisty ....did you rape her too or did she fight you off? Confused by your comments.
Wow. This is a tribute to a one of a kind lady. Please. Put politics and vitriol aside. 
Rest in peace, BB.
Let's not forget, she taught little Georg to read
You were a great President sir. Thank you and FLOTUS 42 for your service

Statement from Bill and Hillary Clinton: “Barbara Bush was a remarkable woman.” 
Did you hit on her like you did to Monica?
It's too bad a few years longer and I thought she might adopt you.
Well said President Clinton.
May God bless and give peace those who are missing her,this a journey of life blessed are those who know their destination
Okey
My dear resl i sale soul god,50_000usd gmail..panit1967@gmail.com
Perfectly said
I remember that time you told the boss-lady, "...if you had hips like Barbara Bush, I'd have never needed to sleep around." #nevergoodenough
Beautifully stated!
Backstory:
You may wish to check yourself in to the nearest mental ward. You will need ears of treatment but you can eventually be a normal well adjusted human being.
Thank you for your diagnosis Doctor.
Great Bill

That's the best thing you've ever said!
Morrer deve ser a coisa mais chata do mundo, para quem está vivo!!!
What a wonderful tweet President Clinton, so heartfelt.
Really sad for the Bush family. RIP! @GeorgeHWBush @TheBushCenter
Honest being the operative word..
Thank you Bill, if you were allowed to run again I would vote Democrat.
How did the politicians take care of his family? Are you full of richness to sexual attraction, so this reason has caused you to be drawn to Ms. Paula Jones and Ms. Monica Lewinsky? Alternatively, Did you unfortunately be intentionally framed by them in those years?
Mr. Clinton warmly praised women, which a magic weapon for him to obtain great charm.
Thank you Mr President!
May she Rest In Peace. 
Can’t mention anything about being honest in your and Hillary’s bio’s.
I often thought she was the President's mother, not his wife!
wife of George (the guy after Reagan), mother of George W (the guy before Obama.
I can just see her drinking that bourbon she had last night & visiting with her fam. Sad to see her go.
I’m sure this tweet comes from the heart. Meanwhile there’s a teenager riding his cigar.

I don’t care about what your politics are; I don’t care if you voted for him or were a fan of him. I think this is a damned classy tweet. Kudos to our former President for putting politics aside.
Class act sir.  Class act. Thank you for reminding us how leaders should behave and communicate.  #realPOTUS
Xoxo
@PFTCommenter
Aliterate a little?
Good for you!
Cool comment.
She was more of a man than you will ever be!
Ahhhh to have a real President again...
Awesome alliteration!
It's so weird that the elites degrade & burn each other so much when running or in office, but once they finish politics or die there suddenly seems to be only one party and they all deeply love and respect each other????
God bless
So true!
Her speech at Wellsley had become my mantra.
A woman totally on target.
The world has lost a special one today.
Please, condolences to her family, country and world. Thanks for sharing Big Bro. Pat.
Key word PUBLIC SERVICE is why she was admired
RIP
You and your party think her and all other Republicans are Nazis so save your crocodile tears
Bill Clinton can write and speak so elegantly and leave us with extra money in our pockets. I am glad to to have met and shook your hand in Tahoe 97 as an Ex AmeriCorps valenteer member.
Well, @BillClinton , you obviously didn't take what she tried to teach you to heart.
You are not honest, nor have you lived a vibrant, fun life.
Completely true. Nice words and nice alliteration. 
I wish you could run for president again!!
Yes USA has had some great women. Shame you have an excuse for a man as POTUS!
Who produced the movie!! Alt right !! It is BS!!!
Beautiful and Strong woman
Ok
The Bush family much like The Clinton’s are nothing but pedophiles and rapists...
RIP former firstlady Barbara Bush...
Thank you for such nice words about a passing First Lady.

How would you miss the looks?
HILLARY CUT A GIRLS FACE OFF AND WORE IT ON HER FACE TO TERRORIZE THE GIRL EVEN MORE. PROBABLY 1 OUT OF THOUSANDS OF INSTANCES
Slick Willy this is the First Time I've ever believed something you said.....
Extremely well put!!! RIP Ma'am
Bill your are the person I admired so much
Bill, that was an auspiciously articulate poignant pontification on a loquacious First Lady!
Yeah...what he said.
We need you to ne pur voice, to Dave pur environment, pour livres. Blesding ne with all of you.
Yes sir, she spoke up and said what others were afraid to say. Freedom of speech was her friend. RIP Mrs. Bush.
One of my favorite Presidents, President Bill Clinton! RIH Mrs Bush
R a I P Barbara Bush
SMH... Bill, how exactly are you blessing her memory? IT IS NOT YOU THAT DOES THE BLESSING ANYTHING OR ANYBODY.

@BillClinton
Hillary probably killed her.
*Snort*
Why does this read like Dr. Seuss? Alliteration is always analogous to anyone’s applied acrimonious aspersions.
Resting in Heaven
The only woman to be “First Lady” and later “ First Mother!”
Hows this for lies Bill ?
RIP
La classe non è acqua
Well said
HOW AND WHY DID WE GET HERE
Perfectly said!
From when I awakened into politics as a young pre-teen. She was always America’s grandma to me. Blessings and prayers to the Bush family. Peace be upon her.
Roger That ! What a Sympathy  !
This is how you pay tribute to a wonderful woman unlike the sterile statement from @realDonaldTrump that had the wrong year!!
She certainly was.  RIP
Yes mrs Bush was a lady in every definition of the word ,,family. Then US of America.
She was so great when she denigrated the poor. I mean lord good times /s let's not really do this. She's dead but make no mistake she wasn't as good as the tweet portends
If only you had taken notes Bill.
Beautifully said. The world lost a great woman. Hugs for all!!
Well said President Clinton.
GOOD morning SIR. 
Main
MUKESH Kumar yadav.
Indian hoo.
American president KO 
Maine EK PATRA Likha Tha. 
Kripaya AAP BHI US PATRA. PAR
VICHAR Karana. 
AAP KA APANA Mukesh Kumar yadav.....
JAI BHARAT........
Thank you President Clinton and Mrs Clinton, Barbara Bush will be much missed by all of us.
Godspeed Barbara.
Thx presclinton coming from you it's very sincere to the PresBush Fams who you work with on many occasions thx for your kind words Sir .. always loved you Presclinton
It should’ve been you
Beautifully written.
You wouldn't know an honest life if it was screaming at you from the end of Monica Lewisnki's vaginal cigar now would you #rapeybill
Brava on a life well lived! 
Barbara was a solid First Lady and had old school class. But she was no Melania. #hookerwifefirstlady
Beautifully said 
Wow. Who made you God?

@ClintonFdn is guilty of human trafficking.
Vomit

Shame y’all didn’t follow her example

OK
Thank you Mr. President for your kind words.  Hello to Mrs. Clinton.
Give me a break!!
Rapist
Oh gawd!
I was going to say something a DEMOCRAT would say if you was a Rep. but decided to RT AND your tweet Mr. President Clinton b/c I am not a rotten to the core Dem.
Yeah
I will mourn to her death. I am very shocked to hear the news.
you are not
Never really liked you policy-wise, but thank you for being respectful even to your ‘adversaries’ family. You have earned some of my respect for that.
I cannot imagine how much grief HW is feeling right now. Best wishes to the whole Bush family!
Beautiful lady rip
Who's Hillary ?
In this day of degenerate behavior it's inspiring to hear of GOOD PEOPLE. Decent PEOPLE.  She will be missed. Her family can take some comfort  in the life she lived. My condolences.
I am sorry: answering a journalist's question about Geraldine Ferraro,  running for Veep against Bush Sr. in 1983, that "gracious " BB: "What i think about her rhymes with 'ritch.' " Vintage GoP style, faux pearls and all.
MAGA
