Michael Brown celebrates his acceptance to Stanford. The 17-year-old from Houston, Texas, applied to 20 of the best universities in the US and was admitted to every single one with a full ride -- and $260,000 in additional scholarship offers https://cnn.it/2JafihC  
Please remind your police officers not to shoot him before he graduates? Or ever...  I know that’s harsh, but I saw a man with a great future in that video, & my immediate second thought was one of fear for his safety. Please, protect your sons.
Amen.

Best story of the day. What a great future!  
Sometimes we need good news!!!! It’s hard being on the right side of history. (By right I mean correct, which is left!)
Even though I don’t know him, I am very proud of his young man. Good luck to him!
I am very proud of his accomplishments.  That required many years of outstanding work.  What an inspiration you are to the youth of today.  Go ahead and accomplish your dreams.  Hi he sky is really the limit here!  congratulations a thousand times over.
Congratulations Michael!!  Your GPA is off the charts!!  Wow!
The best part of this whole thing is how overjoyed his friends are for him.  We need more of this.
Now that’s what I call an unbelievable referral!
Heckuva alumni outreach!
Agree! What a wonderful path this young man has laid out for himself! The world needs more Michaels!
You are right and we DO have more Michaels.  But Betsy DeVos vouchers are eroding public school system which disproportionately affects the poor of all races.   Public schools need to be strengthened.
Man what are you doing being still alive??
Planning to bomb another country and suck the blood of its inhabitants with your raunchy lousy and stupid wife.??
 She lost to @realDonaldTrump for God's sake. 
HILLARY DID NOT LOSE, SHE GOT RIPPED OFF BY RUSSIA...
Yeah yeah, have heard that story. A man slips on a banana skin in D.C. its the Russians, right?
Yep...sure did...by way of Africa, probably the Congo...or more likely Kenya where THEY KNOW RUSSIA INFLUENCED the ELECTION and Kenyans held an entire new election...
Amazing! Congratulations, hard work still matters!
Thank you for continuing to inspire excellence, Mr. President.
How marvellous you and your family must be thrilled and extremely proud of you...
CONGRATULATIONS from Germany
I can only imagine how hard he worked to be this kind of candidate. Bravo!
Bill you are a sex offender leave this kid alone
You never learn you keep going after younger and kids and little boys leave them alone
And you most likely voted Trump... Hypocrite...
Preisdent Clinton, I'd love to talk to you about Georgetown!
Michael, remember to write your questions down so you won't forget. An opportunity like this is bound to have you spinning around. And congratulations!!
Make that call Michael! A chance to discuss your future with President Clinton is an incredible opportunity.
Amazing! I’m sure his family is so proud. Made me cry.
Looks like presidential material to me.
Yes!
Wow the sheer happiness. I’m so giddy for him. Now it is time to choose one that fits him. Congratulations!! The world awaits you.
Right on Mr. President. 

I wish you’d speak out about Trump more.
He can’t. :(   Against a code of brotherhood of presidents. Unfortunately, I bet you we both know one who will. Ugh.
@CNN  Thank you for recognizing this young man’s incredible achievements.
This kid is phenomenal, isn't he? I feel like he is destined for greatness, no matter what school he were to select. 
A kid that smart should have a better sense of what he wants to do and thus where he wants to go to school. Why apply to 20 schools? Something strange going on. I have two kids in college. Each completed one college application. One at Stanford. The other at Harvard.
It's called options!

Only a complete self centered, mean, sick person would post this on a story of a young man’s happiest day receiving such an honor. You should be ashamed. You clearly don’t have 1/10th the good sense this young man (or Bill Clinton) has. Shame, shame, shame!
A real president lifts ppl up not tears them down. We love you and Hillary
Two jackass in one photo
I love you so much 
@CNN woot!
You can talk to him about @Yale too
That’s a beautiful site to behold 
Love you dad
Congratulations, Michael!
I'd still love to talk. mikebrowniy12@gmail.com
#45 are you reading? This is how you use Twitter
Wow! incredible moment for a promising young man. That's quite a nice gesture Mr. President! I voted for you two times and proud of it.
Proud of this young man, a bright future. We appreciate you Mr. President..
Stay positive and focused. The world is yours for the taking now. Congratulations!!
Look what happened to you following your head.
That is pathetic at 22 she knew & admitted she deliberately went after Pres. Clinton not justifying his actions, but she was no innocent child,ppl younger than her go off to War she has no one to blame but herself
My granddaughter Kennedy received her certificate of appointment to West Point. I’m so proud of her.
Proud of my fellow Questbridge Finalists!
I hope all police departments see this video clip as part of their ongoing training...it’s a moment by moment process to change deep seated prejudices and fears. Thanks for sharing this beautiful moment
Amazing! Love you President Clinton.
Mr. President, Someone needs to do something for David Hogg, the Parkland student activist who was largely responsible for organizing the nationwide movement against gun violence!  He needs a scholarship to a great journalism school!
I read this post as if my kids or grandkids were receiving a message from President Clinton. Such a kind gesture for a great young man with a very bright future ahead of him. I cried when I initially saw the video, now I can’t stop smiling!
Can I give you a call Mr. President? I am a proud Georgetown MSFS. We need you back in the WH.
#waytorepresent @BillClinton  if only the current POS could stop trying to ruin America that’d be GREAT!!!
Michael - what a great offer from Bill - I hope you make contact
u and Hillary  r great
Oh, Michael!! You HAVE to call Bill!!
Congrats Micheal and Great accomplishment!
Fantastic, Mr. President! 
Michael Brown, thank you for making us all proud.
So proud of him! He has an amazing future! Hard, diligent study and work pays outstanding rewards. Way to go Michael!
How exciting for you, Michael. Congratulations!  Be sure to give President Clinton a call!
Dear @BillClinton ...my son is starting at Georgetown next year and    your’s was the first name that came to my mind of why it was the best choice ...Hoya Saxa
It’s killing Fox News because this guy is black. LOL 
Give President Clinton a call Micheal...  #AmericaIsAlreadyGreat
Should be proud now make your dreams come true!
Best of news in a long time. Good for this young man!
Love this!!!
He might need an internship Mr President. I think you might know someone who can help him out.
Just so it is not Trump!!
Definitely not that dimwit.

That’s so amazing! 
Hooray!
So beautiful!!!
Hello Mr. President! Man if it was possible, would love to have you and President Obama back!
Fox News called him “obnoxious” for applying to so many schools.... anyone catch that?
You're not a black child that he can exploit for his own political gain so he won't help you. Sorry.
Pres. @BillClinton I got an interview to Georgetown! I'm running a gofundme campaign to get there!
Friends, I got an interview!  PLEASE HELP ME GET TO MY DREAM SCHOOL'S INTERVIEW - GEORGETOWN!   Click to Donate:  https://gofund.me/help-me-get-to-georgetown-interview?pc=tw_cr_n … via @gofundme
想要跟小仙女做愛
Good luck Michael! !
Reach for the stars Michael
This a wonderful accomplishment. Keep up the good work
Good morning to you
Can I call you too, Mr. President?
Amazing
Wow. Micheal. Make that call. @BillClinton is amazing like yourself.  What an opportunity. Maybe you could put in a good word for Micheal Hogg. #wow. #gomichealgo. #goodnews
I’m so happy for you Micheal God bless you. And pls don’t  forget to give President Bill a call we all need mentors.
Absolutely call Pres Clinton. He is one the smartest men alive.  Looks like you two have a lot in common. Congratulations. You deserve it.
Thank you Mr President, do hope the youngman reaches out to you.
President Clinton, this is truly awesome. I am sure Michael will forever cherish your words of encouragement .
That was such a nice gesture on your part, President Clinton, to offer your congratulations to Michael about being accepted at Stanford.
A chat with Bill Clinton? Go for it.
If u want to have a better future u should adopt real way of worship in life
#SpiritualLeader_SaintRampalji
Leave the youngsters alone freak!
Mr President how are you doing
@TrishaLCornwell I have now never been more jealous of ANYBODY.
Michael, congratulations!  Please keep an open mind during your studies as liberal colleges try to push their agenda.
Thank you for your continued leadership, Mr. President
Q
Congrats to you. Keep going all the way to the top.
you are not to be trusted! you're clinton. clinton= ANTI AMERICA!
It's the red shoe club... "These people are sick!" ... See Podesta in Pic --> back page We know !  
#qanon #pedogate #pizzagate #spiritcooking
Yes, Congratulations Michael. Not everyone thinks your achievement was “obnoxious” like that panel over at @fox5dc
BACK TO WORK TRUMP IS OUT OF ORDER THIS IS ME LORD JEROME HOPES 
Thank you, Mr. President. You remain an inspiring symbol to us all.
We all know what you follow 
Any comments on your 26 flights to a private island owned by a convicted pedophile? How old is the girl in this pic? #LolitaExpress #PedoIsland #Eipstein #MoreArrestsComing #NoBodyGetsAPass #PedoGate
An impressive young man and a great role model for all youngsters striving to succeed. No wonder his accomplishment was recognized by the greatest leader of our country.
Congratulation Micheal. Hard work still matters
Yahoo. Yippie, kiyay. Some good news! Real and uplifting! Inspiration to the future generations! Think positive, believe in the best of your fellow man!good reporting
What an awesome kid! Thank you Mr. President for recognizing this young man’s achievements!
Congratulations! Incredible! Fantastic! Inspirational! Determined! Role Model! 
Congratulations Michael!! Your future is looking Sunny and bright.
What an accomplishment!
Great accomplishment for Michael
Wow! Congratulations!
Congratulations I’m so happy for you

Now this is the kind of shit that's nice to see you on Twitter. Something good something positive
Weldon job Michael.
Congratulations
You are an inspiration!
Do it all on your own!  You made it this far!
Michael Please DoNot pass theopportunity to speak with a brilliantmind Chances only present once in http://alifetime.as  SteveWinwood tells us,"if You see a chance, take it."Please remember you dont regret the things in life that you do-but you regret the things that you don't
You should call President Clinton too. Not everyone gets that kind of invitation! He would be a wonderful mentor to have! Congratulations!! I’m SO jealous (my highest compliment)! 
Way to go, Michael. All the best and Good luck
I am running for president of USA in 2020 I need your public support my goal is PEACE ON EARTH. MY SLOGAN IS ALL MATTERS MATTER TO ME BOTH FOREIGN AND DOMESTIC. I WILL CHANGE THE WAY THE PRESIDENCY IS RUN I WILL BE ON TV 24/ 7. PLEASE CONTACT ME AT 309-431-8750
Amazing achievement! Congratulations! God Bless this brave young man!
Make that call, Michael, to a real President. Once in a lifetime chance. Just do it!
sir i love every thing about u. Like u to be my mentor
Wow! You are a great man.
Incredibly amazing. Michael, you’re the Bomb Continue your good work.
I applaud and admire this young man, but there is no surprise for me, because I expect that young black men and women are able to achieve, when the same chance is available. Let’s imagine from now on that chances for everyone are ... no, let’s MAKE chances available!
Congratulations, Michael! What you have done is indeed very impressive! Go forth and do good. And never forget that learning is a lifelong journey.
Do great things Michael!!!
Such a wonderful accomplishment! Our country needs more young adults like this!!
Mr. Clinton, I'd love to talk to you about Georgetown, or anything else, even though there are days I don't think I could get into Community College, much less anywhere else. Oh, to be 17 and know everything, once again.
Bad ass!!!!
Oh happy for him
Total Congratulations!

It’s sad Betsy DeVos and Donald Trump would have you go to a “Community College” or a “VoTech School”...just because of your color...
@ztranche check this out. Amazing!!!!
This will be Mattinho. x
Similar to Rosey? :-)
A compliment. I'm so encouraged by the next generation
while some of the students from parkland are being turned down cause of what happened to them and having a voice in what is happening in this country
Colleges are very competitive. Even with High GPA and excellent test scores you must have something “extra” to make you stand out.
Democrats are the party of FARRAKHAN
LOVE this! All of it - that this very smart very capable and very adorable young man has already accomplished so much! And his friends pride and joy. And that he has the BRILLIANT Bill Clinton offering advice! Made my day!

Or if u need help breaking in interns, screwing America, making money and selling out America to Iran and Russia etc...call me OR better yet..call Hillary
*michael
Mike call him too if you want to know if cigar sex is covered under what was the Constitution.
Who let that WAMU 419 happen..
Make sure the brief case doesn't fly open this time Spencer..
Stanford, now the liberal indoctrination begins for him.  CA universities are like a Hitler Youth movement.
Thanks for your emotion if is it for me? -----Cartik a greef Cartik
Thanks for that programm
Rapist!!!
Check it out! sagorreo will remove background the  of 200 images within 24 ... for $5 on #Fiverr
God bless and good fortune Michael. As an older AAM that was not as blessed to be able to add the unprecedented accomplishments to this wonderful nation you will, God Speed and go for it.
@GUAlumni I was a senior at Georgetown in 92-93 and watched you take the oath of office @BillClinton. If Michael picks GU, he too could witness history in 2021
Congratulations !


Jerk
Well said Mr President.
First, Trump's building caught fire

 Then for his lawyer, it began looking dire.

 It was his files the FBI raided 

Causing the Donald to get hugely irritated 

As he is the beacon of truth, and everyone else is a liar.
Hi clinton ，i am your fans .哈罗 克林顿，我是中国的周彬，我是你的粉丝。
Q inteligente siempre buscandolos destacados

Is that where you learned how to treat Women Bill? Or is that where you learned how to tip your sunglasses as you walk out the door telling Women to have that bite (sic) you gave them looked at?
#YesYouCan 
#WeApplaudAndCelebrateyou
#BeStrongAndVeryCourageous
#EverythingYouPutYourHandsToShallProsper
Oh hello to everyone ... that's what I did ... guess WHAT 
Oh never mind. 

https://twitter.com/Jp55510/status/983390964109664256?s=19 …
How does a former president tackle the sensitive topic of black crime? Please respond to the questions on my page.
It's a crime, Bill Clinton.
This is also your crime, Bill Clinton.
They must be doing a lot of good educating in the Houston area as both of our grandchildren who are in college now went to Houston area schools (Cypress) and are doing exceptionally well as well as our granddaughter in high school is a National Merit Scholar.  Keep it going!
How's Monica
Hi former President Clinton, I have always respected you, I thought those annoying women who brought accusations against you were just Gold diggers. I am not an expert moralist or politician, however I have always thought you were a great person.

Good day, Mr.President.
I followed my head and look where it got me, Bill.
TY for backing Trumps Executive order making Sex trafficking syndicates pedophiles and seizing their assets making this a threat to America! TY for protecting innocent children around the world!
Heartwarming.
Micheal you are a “Shining Star”,keep it going!
#ThatsLeadership thank you Mr.President for constantly inspiring others. #StrongerTogether

putin ataka ameriku
