The accounts from today's school shooting in Parkland, Florida strike fear into all Americans. Is it safe to send our kids to school? Are we safe in our homes and communities?
Yeah, so does Terrorism, like the first trade center bombing, and your failure to allow Operations to Get Osama Before 2001.  What is it?  Blood Pressure Drop?
No president really tried to change the amendment cuz its simply political suicide and it would take nuts the size of king Kong to change gun culture in America. Unfortunately and sadly this will happen again as it did in the past.
If you are not safe act now
We would be safe with you and Hillary in the Whitehouse like America voted for but hacked elections cost Hillary the presidency she rightly deserved! Did you hear Putin say he was hoping Hillary won we cherish your stamina not falling corrupt to stand by us and protect us we bow!
Obama, his FBI, Sheriff Israel and his department have the blood of those students & teachers on their hands. Despite their criminal negligence, some teachers, administrators and staff had training, permit to conceal & carry firearm they could have minimized the deaths.
This woman was right, too. All women deserve to be believed.
They OWN this!
We're safe at our house. Because we are able to defend ourselves. We love our families too much not to have the ability to protect them.
So... you're armed to the teeth to protect yourself against marauding Muslims? Not at all worried about the fact that you and your family are far likelier (statistically speaking, if you understand such things) to be killed by random gun violence or a school shooter?
You don't want me to answer that because when you ask a question only sarcasm coming out of my mouth. lol.
You mean Alexis Bortrell too, right?  Did you read the 11 year old patients 89 page argument against AG Jeff Sessions and DEA Rosenberg today? (Irvin Rosenfeld Federal Cannabis Patient you ignored)  @EricHolder @BarackObama @SarahKSilverman @GabbyGiffords @usgaolegal @waltshaub
No fear, just seeing red.
Can you W and Barack join together to push gun control?  It's time!
They are going to be too busy in court soon

Little Barry Soetoro has Lawyered Up- Pretty soon here he’ll be snatched up for TREASON- Allowing Hezbollah To Traffick Drugs into our country & Weaponizing the Justice System To Spy On A Presidential Candidate- I can’t wait to see him & Hillary Hang

so lame
Wow. They really programmed you good. I hope you will be ok as everything you believe to be true is shown to be wrong. In all seriousness. Peace
American people have lots of good ideas.  The damn Congress just doesn't care!!  AND Trumpie has said nothing but a silly tweet.  When are we going to get rid of the Russians and military parades, the wall, and other junk, and spend money where it will count.
How many armed security officers did you have while president? How much security did your family have? How many security barriers did you have to cross? Do our children not deserve the same right to protection without infringing on the rights of the American people?
No one is safe in a gun free zone. Mrs Giffords you should know more than anyone else. Gun free zones and crazed, medicated, dems... A volatile combo.
Wow. Fox News viewer here, clearly. You believe all gun violence is caused by mentally ill Democrats? Uh, OK. You think the package bomber in Austin was a Democrat? What about Dylan Roof? How about Nikolas Cruz? (Hint: all decidedly NOT Dems.)
What I don’t get is that we’ve had guns all this time...for hundreds of years, and people weren’t walking into schools and killing people...the only things that have really changed is media coverage..
And the magazine capacity, the speed of the bullets, etc.
I don’t understand that reply?  So they could have killed less kids faster?  The point was that it didn’t happen at all..
hard to mow down a room full of kids when you can only squeeze off 1, maybe 2 rounds per minute
Oh ok...we don’t want to stop the violence...just limit it 
If we limit it to legal blunderbuss open carry I'll consider that a win.
I shouldn't laugh at this...
You may. Humor is the last thing they'll pry out of my hands.
My current fear is that Trump will soon push for armed school employees.
Dude that is the worst response ever coming from a former Government official.  Let alone a former President (Impeached). You people truely have no heart, the people can now see that.  That is our #Light. You are souless. #GreatAwakening #Obamagate #LolitaExpress
Here's an idea: stop putting random young people in these socialist institutions and the safer they are.
You are safer in a country that hates you then in America.
No without protection arm the teachers.

#NowIsPreciselyTheTime #NowIsPreciselyTheTime #NowIsPreciselyTheTime #NowIsPreciselyTheTime #NowIsPreciselyTheTime #NowIsPreciselyTheTime #NowIsPreciselyTheTime #NowIsPreciselyTheTime …
No it isn't safe when mass shootings have become an 'acceptable' way to express yourself.
I'm safe in my home. I have Jesus Christ as Savior and Lord, and other means fo protection...
Didn't we have a law banning assault rifles, guns weapons? Tell me why these war weapons aren't just against the law? I have a gun, it's a 75 year old shot gun. We kept it in the house for protection, because we lived in the woods.That was my father's second amendment!
No its not safe, you can blame Mr. Bush for that, his no child left behind totally dissed on those teachers and promotes hate. lmao.
Do you feel it weird that your wife said trumps disgusting for his exploits of woman yet you came all over your secretary and didn’t even get it dry cleaned or use some seltzer water.. you and trump are both disgusting on that front.. are you guys only together for politics
What no response
Seems like there are more and more people out there that angrier and may have serious mental health illnesses.
Yep.
U tell us it's the environment liberals have created with everyone entitled to everything with out having to work for it don't get what u want some one will give u a hand out so what's ur explanation willy
We need assault weapons gone forever!!!!!!
Wow Bill some profound thoughts right there.
millstone
It isn’t safe if you live in a country where getting a gun is easier than passing your drivers license exam.
Apparently not.  Shooting deaths are the 3rd leading cause of death in children.  That is a national disgrace.
It’s safer than leaving any woman with you! #rapist
#NRAdidthis
Ms Gifford
Take all the security from DC & give it to our schools
U will suddenly find for your security 
Im Confident
Dammit Bill. Putin is cool now. Please run for potus in 2020.
If elected in 2020, my #1 priority WILL be our schools which our great nation youths attend every year. I am already writing out how I will protect our kids. No child regardless of sex, race, religion AND AGE should have to fear or even think about if he/she will go home ALIVE.
EVERY LIFE MATTERS AND COUNTS. Our youth is our next generation that will continue to grow our great nation into the future. Therefore, we MUST PROTECT AND SERVE THEM each and everyday of our lives.

@BillClinton @HillaryClinton @ChelseaClinton @BarackObama @MichelleObama @JoeBiden The greatest leader for Women Rights, Violence and American People could not have said it any better than @HillaryClinton.
@BillClinton @HillaryClinton @ChelseaClinton @BarackObama @MichelleObama @JoeBiden @GabbyGiffords I pray that my actions in running for the WH in 2020, will get a response from these leaders who stand up to violent acts like today in FL. & have them at my side spreading the word.
How about all the rape accusations... are they true?
#billclintonisarapist
You, your Mother , and Father all all are so good hearted , not to mention intelligent.  Some mornings I wake up and still get this awful feeling in my stomach knowing your Mother isn’t our President! Thank you for putting this mean individual in his place 
Reminds me of "Duck and Cover " Drills we did in the early 60's.  Probably why boomers are doing so much XANAX
Set up
2nd amendment fix.
Why ignore the “well regulated militia” - through discipline learned in the armed services such as the military, police, etc., you earn your right to keep and bear arms. It’s not just given freely. Once you earn your right it shall not be infringed.
It’s apparently been a while since you read the Constitution. It say what it says not what you want it to say. Without the 2nd amendment there is no hope for the 1st.
I'm afraid you have it backwards.
#GunControlNow
If I'm killed in a mass shooting everyone has my permission to #PoliticizeMyDeath from the moment you hear about it. 

#GunControlNow
#GunControlNow
#crazypeoplecontrolnow
#GunControlNow
There is... You really mean gun Confiscation!
So let's do nothing, right? Just keep pretending like everything is fine. 

Yea, no. 

#GunControlNow
That's why you need to arm yourself....  Police will not defend you, they only investigate after the fact....
Amazingly there was a time BEFORE mass shootings. That time existed. I grew up in that time. Hmm... wonder what was different...
I’m only speaking from personal experience but I grew up with guns and had a healthy respect for them. My daughter was indoctrinated in the public school system and grew up fearing guns despite my attempt at educating her.
I grew up w a home protection revolver in my house. 6 bullets. 6. Yes millions of people have a healthy respect for guns, life, etc. but one crazy mofo can now purchase MULTIPLE weapons and ammo and that’s a big fucking problem.
I sit in a movie theater these days wondering what I would do if someone starts shooting.
Only go to movie theaters that allow you to conceal carry.
Emme, you are an idiot. It’s a movie theater not a fucking shooting range. I hope you don’t live in my city. You are more likely to add to the body count trying to “defend” others in a mass shooting situation.
To legally carry concealed you are required to take a gun safety course, pass a background check and certify at the range. So who is the real “idiot” here? You are a sitting duck in a movie theater and I don’t worry and just enjoy my movie. Mass shootings occur in gun free zones.
He’s sick, he’ll never make it to jail.
Nearly no one NEEDS access to automatic weapons in a non-military setting. Access to mass harm weapons is not a constitutional right. Sensible gun control is a clear path to protecting our lives, and our freedoms.
Get your facts right before you post a stupid tweet.
Wouldn't that depend on what the meaning of "right" is Bill?
Why don't you try not being a sarcastic knob and forget about President Clintons past for one moment. This is about the killing of children, not blow jobs. Only about guns, mental illness, laws, and children. Do you understand this?
As long as the NRA contribute massive $$ to politicians,  there will be no gun control.  Now add Russia to that quotient.  Do they want to win a campaign, or turn down an office that will be won by the guy that says “thoughts and prayers” while his “FEAR IS GOOD” commercials run?
It’s not the media’s fault, it’s not Obama’s fault, it’s not Mueller’s fault, it’s NOT EVEN HILLARY’S fault!  It’s the fact the NRA wants every person on earth to own 15 guns because somebody might break into our car or home.  Who is scaring you to think you need weapons? NRA
If you want #GunControlNow let me know what you would do to get rid of 300,000,000 guns and TRILLIONS of rounds of ammunition? I'll wait..  Because if gun control worked Chicago would be the safest place on earth. 
ar-15
#florida
#prayfordouglas
columbine
sandy hook
nikolas cruz
We could fill all the Barnes & Nobles that are going out of business because apparently ppl stopped reading
I think if I had young children today, I'd home school.
Well Golly, guess we all need to carry guns Bill
"Give them guns and they will shoot" I ve been saying that for years now.Nothing has been done,the NRA gives out money for votes in their favor...it s been like this for a very long time.   Jack
Mr. President,
My son came home from high school today, 9th grade.  The fear in his face when he asked me if I heard about the school shooting in Florida,stunned me.  We discussed what was being reported.  I never want to have that conversation with him again
Why
I thought you told everyone you didn't even use computers when Hillary got caught with 30,000 emails?  Seems like you learned pretty quickly.  I guess Pornhub was a motivating factor to get up to speed?
Clinging to guns & religion? Climate change denier?
Do you get paid in rubles?
Nyet.
Out of curiosity, why do you deny climate change?
Я не понимаю твоего вопроса?

Me. President, we have to do whatever possible ways to stop the gun violence. There is no safe place in our communities if guns are on the street.
It’s tragic, my son, son in law and niece are teachers and I fear for them.
I'm sure all people go to college to teach and do some shooting at the shootin range.
Yes, duh, I play an instrument and I have shot a gun.  It was stupid, loud, and boring (the gun). Your point?
I went to a shooting range in AZ and shot a 22 and a 45.
I don't own a gun.
There is not one place we're that type of rifle is needed. Make it against the law to own with a thirty year sentence. Trump won't mention anything about gun's cause who do you think funds him. Our children mean nothing to him or do they
GUN CONTROL NOW!
Hello
We’ll talk about the shooting for a couple of days and then act like it never happened until it happens again. This is getting ridiculous and we need to find a solution!!!!!!!
She's not saying anything.
Machine guns were legal until 1986. So would some liberal explain why we have more mass murders now? If banning machine guns didn't stop it why would banning rifles? Since 1980 we have 125 MILLION more people. We have a mental health problem not a gun problem!
Yes she is. As a victim of gun violence herself she is most qualified to state her opinions
Do believe your were getting head in the oval office, and forgot about US... and only worried about yourself....
Is it easier to get an assault rifle over a package of Sudafed ?
No! Enough!
A civilization in rapid decline frozen into inaction by powerful lobby groups. I thank god I am not American nor live there
You might want the secret service to check this guy out.  If he is willing to speak to the President this way...
We need you.
Your Evil
#zeroprotocol
That’s why we elect govt to make sure that we are safe in school and in our community. We go around the world with our mighty military for that safety and security and we are failing here! Why? Mr. Clinton saying ‘She is Right’ does not suffice. Pl sir provide solution Mr. Presdt
I think what's right is we have an out of control country with half the population addicted to drug's and those that are not addicts to drug's are the enemy of half of America. Hey thanks bill for nafta it acomplished much for the drug cartel. They are powerful & in bed with CIA.
No..she is not !!
((No...you aren't. !! That's because of you.
So we are not safe in our homes and communities,
because of you. ..too ???
Why?))
Ur both libturd idiots.
What happened to this? https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Life,_Liberty_and_the_pursuit_of_Happiness …
Man of my life. BD Year Y2K.
And some of the politicians talk about your wife like a dog, it makes me angry because I felt the Clintons were the best, very loving, classy, projected a positive atmosphere...with trump he is screwing everything up...
Pls check with ur Pres when he has abusive ppl in his WH what else do u expect.
Doesn't strike any fear into me. Homeschool your kids and know the system is lying to you.
Mr. President will you please take a moment and put your mind to this ongoing problem ... we need your wisdom.
Enough fear to vote the NRA surrogates out of office? I hope so.

17 dead. 

Suspect used AR-15 assault weapon.…
Bill Clinton is a rapist.

http://Infowars.com 

Gun control is a scam. More guns = less crime. Stats prove it.
Yes, she is
Quit making laws that ban people from protecting themselves.. Oh wait, Dems like unarmed victims.
This strikes fear as well
letch, you didn't read it, she didn't make a statement she asked a question. Go pour Hillary another glass.  It's Valentines Day
Kinda tired of being civil about this....
And the rest of the world says “wow, the USA sure is a shithole country.”
LoL
Yes, she is!
No we aren't safe. If my children were younger I would be looking for options other than public education.
Definitely
Right now we are not. There are far too many needless shootings. The homeless encampments keep growing causing more and more theft and home break ins. You even have to be very watchful when shopping so your car doesn't get broke into or stolen.
Correcte Mr. President !
Not anymore
I have 2 children in elementary school and it I think of Sandy Hook every day as they walk out the door
I am so sorry for you and grateful my own are grown. .
Students and teachers are massacred in classrooms only in shithole countries. Civilized countries have sensible gun laws. #GunControlNOW
My thoughts exactly
You're guilty
Nobody is safe now! Trump created an atmosphere of hate and division. People are crazed. These heinous acts are now commonplace. Whose next?
The children are not safe.
Unquestionably
Your a bot!
beep boop I am a bot beep boop give me your social security number
Its so good when kids are send to school its like you are lighting the world
She's a hypocrite
IT IS QUITE EASY TO PROPERLY SECURE A SCHOOL. WE HAVE FUNDED SPORTS PALACES, THEATRES, AND PSYCHOLOGISTS ETC. IN OUR PUBLIC SCHOOLS RATHER THAN ADEQUATE SECURITY MEASURES. IT IS A CHOICE WE ADULTS MAKE FOR STUDENTS TO BE UNSAFE.
Every single time this kind of incident occurs in the US, which by the way isn't such surprise anymore unfortunately, same kinds of comnents and words are repeatedly heard. What I don't understand as a non-American living in Japan is why there isn't any action to prevent this?
Do we have the will to say “enough” to the gun lobby?
@GabbyGiffords Sadly no.  Don't feel safe at all. Holding tight to Gods' unchanging hand, thankful to be covered by His blood; & by faith!
Oso mobatla katseba wena Bill when u start saying shes right u want to make her your new Monica neh!
I’m terrified to send my high school son to school each day.  It’s such an insane time to raise a child.
Bill, I actually used to like you. But you really are the dirt bag everyone says you are. You are also about as dumb as a box of rocks.

Carry on.
So you can't buy a beer unless you are 21 yrs old, you can't rent a car unless you are 21 (pay higher rate) or at least 25yrs old, but you can buy an #ar15 when you are 18.  what is wrong with our country? Where is the common sense. Prayers for the families #PrayForParkland
Who Monica?
Teachers need to go on strike until something is changed. The whole country needs to strike.
based on kids knowledge on many subjects today- one would wonder if theyre not already on strike-

Bill, I’m angry. Angry that our government, our former presidents are not standing up for our country. How many more children have to die? How many more families have to live in fear of ICE?  If you all don’t have the balls to stand, send in your wife, she will get it done.
We are failing our children....the GOP and NRA have lots and lots of blood on their hands.
#NOWISTHETIME
Is it true that the NRA financials are funded by gun manufactures rather than their yearly membership fee's? Something needs to change- Our Country is better and smarter than this.
Potentially but not in it’s entirety. “Of that total, $165.7 million came from membership dues”
Stop prescribing Psychoactive Drugs to kids. Big Pharma is getting rich selling this poison. And guess what, everyone is falling for it. How much is Big Pharma paying you, Slick Willy? Please WAKE UP!!!

The Republican response to the school shooting in Florida: 
Excellent
Where are the tweets from HRC, BC, CC, Hussein, others re: the shooting today?
Do you believe in EVIL?
Make no mistake, they will all PAY THE PRICE. 
Q
The Clinton's didn't tweet about it until after Q posted. Check the time stamps.
Was the point proven?
This board has more power

She is. What’s the answer @BillClinton
yes, she's right...
Yea, there's nothing saying backstabbers and traders can't be right, some of the time!
Nothing strikes fear in me except that you and your wife are still on the loose.
It won't be long now when you're both in GITMO on trial fore your life's. God willing
Shut up Bill.
You can still do something sir! You can lobby and rally Americans around greater gun control amd keep such weapons away from streets and schools. We had yhis discussion when you were president and its unfortunate we are having it again 20 years later.
STFU bill! You probably had a hand in orchestrating it! If you did it would not surprise me! Or any other Americans that are awake!
What is wrong there everyone?
Clearly not safe when the authorities knew the shooter was a risk and left him on the street. 
I guess only the elite in the #USA should be protected?
See something say something.  https://www.atf.gov/ 
But what seems more important to Republicans and the NRA is that assault rifle sales go up, because that’s what will make America great and safe. #NRABloodMoney
Only fear I have is if Hillary won the election.  Tic tock Q anon.
we the people should demand that they hire trained veterans to stand each door of every school to protect our children they are our future ! No teacher should have to kill a child to protect there class ! 
And a veteran should not have to kill a child but the would is a different
Finally, a presidential statement on today school shooting.
sorry, Beetle6321, no debate or reply to a bot/cartoon face character. Gun & mental health are the issues to solve
#IStillMissBill

#wedontwantyourmoneyNRA
Truth!!!
Unfortunately, nobody is safe at home or otherwise with the serial sex offender and rapist, Slick Willy, is around.
That would help a lot right now
@Bill Clinton I bet the women u raped wished they had a gun when they needed it.
Are women and little girls safe around Bill? That's the real question.
No we aren't safe.
The only children you care about are the ones on Jeffrey Epstein's island....
FU
The NRA OWNS THIS ADMIN!!! Trump is SO HIGHLY NARCISSISTIC that he is not capable of care for anyone but HIMSELF!!! TRAGIC! WE ARE BECOMING A 3rd WORLD COUNTRY UNDER HIM!!!!! If only Russia Hadn’t......NONE OF THIS WOULD BE HAPPENING UNDER HILLARY!!! 
Thank you for responding. She is right and she nearly lost her life yet her colleagues did not have the fortitude to vote for better laws. The NRA owns them.
Says dirty Bill lmao  have a cigar ur gonna go far....
The NRA has bought & paid for the Republican Party!
No she's not. No amount of gun control will stop bad people from doing bad things. You can keep pushing but it will never work. Guns don't kill people, people kill people.
I'm more worried about girls being assaulted by older, powerful men than bring shot.
That is the entirety of your statement, Bill, huh? Oh I see, you are a little tied up with your legal counsel, aren't you?
Or did you decide to jot off to Jeffrey's paradise island for Valentine's day?
Not if NRA funds politicians. No crocodile tears and wait for next school shooting shed some more. It's now or never. The politicians have to
choose, NRA or lives of school kids and public. World is watching,  no tears please, just act. NoGunsBanNRA!!!
