
#TickTock #TarmacMeeting @POTUS #ReleaseTheVideo
Thank you for grasping that nettle and for your continued dedication to peace in Ireland!
oh ... hes such a peacekeeper... just ask the people of haiti how all those billions he collected worked out for them!
You obv have no connection to the Troubles. If you did you’d know how Bill Clinton saved thousands in the North.
How many in Donegal did he save ?
Donegal isnt in Northern Ireland lmao
Exactly your tweet should have addressed the Country you were referring to, the only north of Ireland I believe is Donegal, I assume you are referring to Northern Ireland a different Country within the UK
Then use the internationally recognised name of the Country, do people in England refer to Scotland as "the North"


“What’s this thing here with a small hand and a bigly hand?”
you are the real presedent in the united state of america  when you leading the state so iam great pleasure your right leading at the time of your presedent and thank you for your great leadership
Here is a great FUTURE!!! AMAZING, not a single shot fired !
North Korea has agreed to suspend all Nuclear Tests and close up a major test site. This is very good news for North Korea and the World - big progress! Look forward to our Summit.
http://cartoonistpk.blogspot.com/2018/04/we-want-justice-to-asifa.html?spref=tw …
#TimePhoneHack
hows haiti working out?? how many billions was it that you fleeced??
I was working in the SitRoom and keeping you awake all night. On Easter Monday, you told my mother at the Easter Egg Roll that you appreciated my service. Thanks for making her day/month/life!
Good day, Mr.President.
@columeastwood Absolutely
Slick Willy is still at it. Verbal diarrhea while sexually assaulting young girls. You should be in jail!
a great person.
When was this Rapist?
Trump is
Ah the days of diplomacy, peace and hope. I miss those days.
Twenty years ago today was the last time you attempted to put your dirty little mitts around me.  #attentionstarved #hipsneedlovetoo

You have it under control Bill Clinton that's the way it goes you were the best president ever of United State of America God bless you and your family

克林顿同志，恭喜您喂养大的红权有能力发动第三次世界大战了
Good morning rapist!
Ready for GITMO?
Thank you, President Clinton, for recognizing the people of Northern Ireland, their conflicts and tragedies.
Well what about USA where you live supposed to be loyal to USA  what about our ways  ? Who's doing what's right now ? Are you ? & Hillary ? Only you know & God But it's realy revealed now all militarys know what's went on ! Yep they sure do Sad ya think ?
#ReleaseTheHRCVid  Thanks Bill for your twitter site and helping me spread the word

Gay, Demon, monster
Is this the shared future you’re harping on about?
#YouHaveNoIdea #SFIRA #TerroristsBelongInJail
this park has been in the same position with the same name for many years... why is it now they are deciding to use it as a sign of “no shared future” there’s also a park in Newry in a Protestant area of with union jacks flying in it is a sign of a shared future #YouHaveNoIdea
Nothing like a little whatabutery, say a park in Banbridge was called the Lenny Murphy Garden, would you still be happy ?
I wouldn’t bother wasting time on whataboutery like that sam tbh the is our national flag and to compare it to a terrorist play Park is just juvenile nonsense, best ignored.
#Equality #Respect #Integrity but not from SFIRA & co.  Innocent Blood on their hands
You are totally correct Andrew #clutchingatstraws
Is Hillary a Devil? An interesting analysis:
Even though the politics of today have gone awry, there should still be some respect. I, personally, cannot stand the Clinton machine, but he was a past president once.
Yeah, a truly impeached President. He was a mess!
Agreed.
Belfast is still littered with peace walls keeping Catholics and Protestants separate from one another, and Police Land Rovers may be white instead of grey, but they are still armour plated. More people have died from suicide since 1998 than died during the troubles.
The truth hurts you.
I live in the north of Ireland . I bring up my kids here . Life is good . Could it be better ? Of course . Things have been transformed here. I’ll happily be your guide should you ever actually come here . But don’t talk down the positivity that oozes out of this place mate
There are still many underlying problems though that haven't been resolved, especially in Belfast. It's not normal to have communities of different religious groups segregated by peace walls and have steel gates closed across roads at night. Socio-economic problems haven't helped
However, there has been progress and the present situation is a far cry from the dark days of the past. Let's hope that those days remain in the past where they belong. Good education and improving Socio-economics is key to a healthy and peaceful future.
We can only hope !

Logic!
What do you know about Goodness, there isn't a decent good bone in your entire body. ha.
Is it thrue that you are dying from aids?
Bill, can u come back and lead us we are 
your ... wife, I guess, is a gift that keeps on giving. omg I miss the election.  Now I have nothing to do.  Ger her to run again in 2020.  That ....would be fun. lol
April 19th, 1993 these kids were killed by Janet Reno and Bill Clinton.
Here! Here!
Good morning, Mr.President. How is the climate?
Twenty years ago bill you were messing up that blue dress
And we say a prayer of thanks to Mo Mowlam
Absolutely
klosarcino jebem ti mamu seku cerku i sve zivo sto ti oda po avlije seme ti se zatrlo i rak te pojo

Yo bill. Sense you have all that foundation money. Go to my page and click on the homes for homeless youcaring link. Donate today bill. Start helping out
Funnily enough, Northern Ireland is a great example of where politics can win over conflict. The decision to down arms and follow a political path would have been unthinkable once. It shows just what is possible.
spending a lot of $$$ on laywers these days, leaks all over my source says
Bill no one should profit from a foundation for charity anything, but you did, you and you nasty wife ( who I hear you can't stand, and very hard to live with) " A Good Source tells me". You both lied and were caught, and it seems $$$ can buy freedom...my source says, your spen
You've been my president even when am in Uganda .


How was the service on the Lolita express? Do they serve hotdogs and almonds?
Hi BIll.  What happens here on Epstein Island?  WE KNOW!
I'll give you a hint!
You did a lot of good for the country as President to bad you have a real problem with the truth !
Good day, Mr.President.
Good Morning Mr.President.
Thank you @BillClinton; the people of Northern Ireland are forever grateful for your assistance. Your work allowed my generation to enjoy a childhood full of hope, and I will do my utmost to keep that hope alive for the generations to come.
You made America look bad to the world when you lied about having sex with Monica. Oh, how’s your buddy Jeffery Epstein the convicted Pedophile? What’s his Mansion look like?
Good job.
Check it out! sagorreo will remove background the  of 200 images within 24 ... for $5 on #Fiverr
Fuck you Evgeny, there are some idiots I’m sure like the idiots you have in Russia 75% of your population are living in terrible conditions and earn peanuts, don’t compare the US with Russia, there’s no comparison
You're going to jail soon....
That act created a lot of high paying jobs, boosted the economy and continues to do so to this day
Really u r hoero of America
Why America and its administration have the blood of innocent people Blood is enough for you If you call humanity Human blood Kill torture Why do not we live among the peoples of us to cherish this planet our humanity
Indeed, Sir.  Indeed.  ~Your only fine hour in 8 years (except that blurb on Hope)~ ;] thumb
Affirmative  !! peace is above any individuals and must maintain
Fomer of american presiden bill clinton.
How’s Monica Bill?
just read your bio, comrade. 

good lord you are a confused man. as bad as any teenage girl on twitter claiming she's "4/90 italian, half spanish, 0.0065 japanese, 1% devil, 99% angel" LLLLLOOOOOLLLLLLLLLLL
Insofar as it goes @NigelDoddsDUP @moneillsf the Agreement of 1998 has been most helpful.
People are trying, it's our Politicians who are letting us down. 20 years ago, Politicians and church leaders grasped the opportunity to do something fantastic. Today they seem content to watch it circle the plug hole.
Good day, Mr.President.
Thank you Mr President, for your contributions to peace & justice in the world, during your time in office and otherwise.
Really
Photo of President Clinton in Dublin store front..they love you !
Now we need to follow these simple principles named after one of the principals of the GFA
Miss you man need you back in there
Your future is coming soon you weak lathargic little worm #ChildTrafficking #ClintonBodyCount #SethRich #ShawnLucas #UraniumOne #MoneyLaundering #Cannibalism #Treason #HangThemAll
Bill: As a Republican, you're the only Democrat President I've ever voted for. Your wife? She may be going to Jail after the Inspector Generals' report is released next month.
Same here.... I wish I had never voted for this #Traitor  He and @HillaryClinton and many many more will be in prison.... Ready to rid our nation of #ThesePeopleAreSick
but the funny thing is muller is going to arrest trump pretty soon though
On what grounds? Being a "meanie"? The IG report is coming. Hillary will be arrested
P
Thank you Mr President for your huge part in this momentous anniversary.
20 years ago you used cathy O Brian as a coke smuggler. Not as a beta programmed sex slave.. no.. Hillary loved that more. You liked little boys more. Respect bill. See you @ Bohemian grove.. O no that's oldschool. Let's make fun @#epsteins island.. In the tunnels. Grtzz James A
الله يشرح صدرگ للإسلام
Thanks Bill, you really did your best and we all appreciate it, you're looking great.
I staviti vas da sluzite svim tim zemljama koje ste unistile do sada. Eto toliko bivsi predsednice. Da vam se obrati jedan pametan i kulturan srbin a ne kao sto nas predstavljate varvarima. Lep vam zivot zelim koliko to moze od mizerija koje vas okruzuju jer ste i vi samo piun.
Na iran a na jugoslaviju kad ste bacili 10 tona osiromasenog uranijuma to nije genocid nego ste hteli da poboljsate useve u toj zemlji. Nadam se da ce Putin istrajati i stati vam na put i zbrisati vas sa lica zemlje. Ne kao naciju nego kao tajkune i politicare
Dokle vise vasa americka propaganda o ekonomiji i demokratiji. Gde god ste dosli sa vasom ekonomijom i demokratijom samo je pustos iza vas ostala. Gde god ste ratovali da navodno zastitite narod vi ste ga i ubijali ustvari niko drugi. Sad vam je izgovor hemijsko oruzije za napad
At least Tony Blair accomplished one 'peaceful' outcome.
A peace maker who dispatched more cruise missiles than the bush boys and Obama, mmmmmm
INSPECTOR GENERAL: McCabe & Wife Were Neighbors for Years With Bill & Hillary Clinton; Friendship Spans Decades Before McCabe Cleared Hillary in Email Probe
What a peace maker who fired more cruise mi
Unionism would need to learn how. They continue to deny rights and refuse to accept nationalism as equal.
#StopBrexit maintain the good friday agreement
So that's peace?? Taking something by force? The counterfeit Israel. Myth, when a leader restores peace & fight to keep then the of His return is near. God said there will only be 1 sign, and that is when He himself is seen in the clouds. Shut the gov. down.
Maybe they can convince us to have a strong democracy again.
It’s still not perfect here!   But it’s a much better,and safer place to live in today
Here's something to brighten your day President.




Lets hope that peace will last and the powers that be will come together and agree on the future of this land.
Ireland is in recovery and things are getting better, trust you to quote Heaney! I saw him in Kilkenny many years ago.
You said we were all dressed up for work with no place to go. As I walked to work today in Dublin I thought of it.
Thank you for not forgetting about us. You spoke about how property was a steal and now was the time to invest in Eire.
SOS VENEZUELA Mr CLINTON
It won't  matter as that clown who may prove to be the last US President seems intent on blowing us all to shit
Hey Bill, I can't follow all that's been said but I hope some of you guys found or find time for a big shout out to the late Mo Mowlam, a hero if ever there was one.
Bill, Please can you have a word with Theresa?
Bill the DUP call it the Belfast Agreement and May has to use this instead otherwise they won’t vote for destroying Syria and maiming and killing hundreds of thousands of people. Remember Iraq there was NO WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION
I am just about old enough to remember when bombs would go off in the UK because of the conflict in NI and how all that changed after TGFA. Thank you for your hard work on that btw. I can't believe its, potentially, being sacrificed on the alter of #Brexit.
I heard the 2 bombs go off in the City and the Canary Wharf bomb too. We can never return to that, those who would wreck this peace should think on the death & damage that occurred. #GFA
Yep I was with hearing range, just, of the bomb in Manchester in 1996. We simply cannot risk going back to that.
Hows @MonicaLewinsky ?
Good you remembered it! It was and is very important for europe and the world! Guess trump didn’t even know that it existed!
I am running for president in 2020. My goal is PEACE ON EARTH I will change the way the presidency is run I will be on TV 24/7. I will represent ALL THE PEOPLE because ALL MATTERS MATTER TO ME BOTH FOREIGN AND DOMESTIC.
This chaos was start by your government and now u are benefiting on the progress made, start taking responsibility for your action that is leadership.
Fyi #DUP @duponline @TheresaMayPM @NicolaSturgeon @CarolineLucas @jeremycorbyn
Great words from  great man!
#WeNeedTheGFA -  we need it to continue to keep peace in Ireland. We need to stay in the EU to continue to keep peace in Europe.

#Stopbrexit
Behold, kids – a thing that happened.
It was a HUUUGE thing. Bill's not fucking with us on this one.
How much were you paid ? Bluff your way out of a deep whole.
Blair you 2 not worth my time enery. 
Need to clean your own homes, before trying to fix others. 
What in the name of god have you both done for innocent people suffering at the hands of terrorism??
Energy
Leave Northern Ireland alone to sort out their problems which Britain will help deal with as you and your wife have lied and deceived the country of your birth.Your wife has sold out for greed and power,America dodged a bullet to the head thx to DJT.

Amen! Thank you for everything you hsve done for Ireland Mr President.  Hope the idiots don't ruin it with Brexit.
How can a strong democracy in a statelet that entrenches sectarianism sustain? Nor an economy at the behest & mercy of Tory rule?
Erin go Braugh
Great but why won’t you go after Trump.?
@BillClinton you got us here by shaming your wife. Just go away
Twenty years ago we had a rapist in office and now no one knows if we have another or not. Thanks for fuckin monica

@BillClinton will stand out in history as a president, who humanized the American Presidency by reaching out to the most vulnerable, especially in developing countries.
I see ye met arlene foster.  Did she tell you she opposes the gfa?
Well Putin’s Brexit really crashed hopes for a nice clean solution here didn’t it?  Check mate neo-liberalism. Aren’t you glad kids like Zuckerberg have made the world?
So nice President Bill...... 
But you failed the American people
If anyone needs a miracle it’s Bill.
Thank you Mr. President 
I’d suggest that you live there a few years with the lovely MRS. #HillaryClinton. They take afternoon naps so that’d b perfect for her energy level. #MAGA and move to Ireland... win/win!!
@DLoesch @pasky2112 @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @PressSec @MonicaCrowley
strong democrcy and growingtruly economic shared future
Mr President, I have always been and still am a big admirer of you as a person and as a politician . You have always worked for world peace. I'm  writing to your goodself as a former peace negotiator of one of the middle eastern peace delegations to Washington. My respects Sir.
How MucH 4 blOwjOb from U?
I always loved you as president. Cool shit always happend.
クリントン大統領
#qanon the deep state swampies are drained. American is restored #KeepAmericaGreat
Thank you, sir, for your work in establishing + building peace in my homeland. The support of your administration was important + the signing of the #BelfastAgreement ensured that NI would have its chance to shine after 30yrs of violent struggle. It’s been shining + growing since
G’wan Bill 
Hello Bill  Welcome back to Northern Ireland Bope you enjoy the Freedom if Belfast awards to you for supporting us  in our struggle for Peace
Hope I mean in last tweet lol
Oh! Really?
Any chance you'd stay here for a few more days Mr President.  We have some young heads in SF and the DUP that need knocking together still.  Can't think of anyone more qualified 
It definitely cleared the maze....I wouldn't call that a miracle.....more a scourge.
You were the catalyst to it all. Thank you, Mr President.
Amen
.@simoncoveney Beyond the hope & hype, firm action is required to confront the endless DUP-UUP infighting for the most regressive Unionist voter cohort who oppose implementation of past compromise-based agreements? We Irish have had enough of their vile anti-Irish bigotry. #GFA20
Hey Willy! How the raping been going??is it a little harder not being Governor or President?
Thank you @BillClinton and @HillaryClinton for   choosing Belfast&NI from day 1 of your Presidency. Nobody forced you to. You came in, you got stuck in& you never left http://us.Best  of luck&health.May the road always rise to meet you& the wind be at your back.
Are you still married to Hillary? Why ? 
@UbuntuLad  take note young man & your pals up in Dublin 
You played your part also. Thank you
