Then why did you deregulate them and allow all media to be owned by a handful of organizations ?
Good. Push for free press around the world, while stifling freedom of press in your own country.
We don't jail independent journalists here. We find less controversial ways to silence them; forcing RT to register as a foreign agent; abolishing net neutrality; censoring content on fb/twitter; and lowering ad revenues on youtube. #USFascism

Like CNN? The Clinton News Network.
How bout that Clinton crime family?  How bout all that rape and eating Hatian babies. You efen demons. We see you and your gigantic trail of dead bodies of all the people who were supposed to testify against you, or people who expose you.
Bite your lip billy boy. You helped create the media empires that exist today and exploit the news.
Are you scared Bill?
BOT.  Report.
Report what snowflake??
Well hello there fellow Houstonian.  You should know better.  There are no women in Texas that are flakes, shame on you.  I did notice something though.  Your followers, some  seem to stand on the rational side of the "divide" of reason.  Some follow me. Don't mess with Texas.
Ok off topic and gettin in middle of you two’s opposition of thought but, what is a snowflake?

a free press might have exposed Bill as a pedophile so he destroyed free press
how about we free the kids you pervs have... #lolitaexpress
FAKE NEWS.  When 95% are liberal nutjobs (as they are), this is a false and misleading statement.
What about here in USA? Is this true? #freesociety #freespeech #secretjail I am concerned for freedom everywhere Will you please look into this and respond? https://www.ted.com/talks/will_potter_the_secret_us_prisons_you_ve_never_heard_of_before/up-next?language=en … I trust your conviction to freedom and justice.
And biased press should be shut down. And impeached ex-presidents should shut-up.
The result of decades of Fox propaganda, Breitbart & Infowars lies and disinformation all in pursuit of wealth and power for American oligarchs and destruction of our democracy by foriegn dictators.

Seeing those people in Myanmar,bleeds my heart.
Thanks for creating telecom monopolies Bill. The Clinton legacy: anti-American AF.
21 years ago tomorrow, Bill Clinton signed The Telecommunications Act of 1996.
The act dramatically reduced important FCC regs & allowed giant corporations to buy up thousands of media outlets across the country
A free press is critical to a free society—the detention of journalists anywhere is unacceptable. The Reuters journalists being held in Myanmar should be released immediately.
Yessss! Say it, sis! Call the dogs out! 

A "free press" is not free when they are bribed and biased. It seems the only thing in MSM free and abundant is propaganda.
You created the media monopolies we have today
Shouldn't you be raping someone
We will see the trailer trash clintons in jail!!!!
What is your opinion of @JulianAssange? He's been America's/Britain's political prisoner for 6 years with intelligence agencies painting him as a villain to corporate media to kill the first amendment.
An insight into the FBI's Lisa Page and Peter Strzok. 
Our media is completely corrupt....like you and your progressive liberal comrades
#FreeAssange
BILL WHO ARE YOU TO EVEN SPEAK ON THE SUBJECT - your crime family and friends just "knock off" all those who try to investigate the REAL truth about "the activities"!
"turning evidence?;interesting! I've been taking notice of ALL the fires recently - coincidence?
Wish you were still President. Best President ever. You took us from #1 borrower nation to #1lender nation. Thank you MR.PRESIDENT # BEST PRESIDENT EVER!!!
Bill is not the president anymore and neither is his wife.
STILL LOVE you #POTUS THANK YOU for all you've done for US 
You're a Shit bag. You're wife is a Shit bag. You signed The Telecommunications Act of 96. Weakening FCC regulations and paving the way for the current horrid state of US and World Media.
LYing  to the American public about fooling around in the Oval Office is a disgrace. Having a private servers in you home, smashing Govt phone  and bleach washing evidence, selling 20% of our uranium to Russia and then getting favors are all illegal and jail time is coming due
why don't u say something about case right in #america about @buell003 who was found guilty for #livestream the whole chain of command of the justice system indicted him for crimes he did not commit. He is now barred from livestreaming or it violates his probation. @SDSheriff
pro tip I just gave to someone else... corrupt gov DOES NOT INDICT ITSELF... maybe one or a few scapegoats but it won't be bigger fish.....
Make this call on behalf of Jillian Assange, show that you can take a principal stand even on behalf of the journalists you personally dislike. Otherwise, your defense of the free press means NOTHING!
Thank you! Too bad the current man in the WH can't say something about it!
If President Trump speaks out against imprisonment of foreign journalists, then critics like you would just say it's not "enough". Eg when Trump spoke out against David Duke, Charlottesville violence, etc. #NeverTrump #Myanmar
Thank you! Too bad the current man in the WH can't say something about it!
You lefties shouldn’t forget this man lied under oath in a civil deposition and got caught red-handed! Along with verified actions of rape, he spent time with that convicted pedophile. That’s different than the stuff you’re making up about President Trump! MAGA
your words are cheap compared to your actions and that of the position you and your wife hold with Assange and Wikileaks, stand up and be counted say the same thing you just with respect to @JulianAssange
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME? YOU'RE THE ONE WHO CREATED THIS MESS!! . LOOK AT YOUR LEGISLATIVE LEGACY, U NEOLIBERAL MONSTER
you and hillary counted on americans being stupid, without a memory.
Well, enough of us remember
Words cant express the depth of my hatred of u and your wife
Says The Guy Who Signed The 1996 Telecommunication Act Who Destroyed A Fair & Free Press To Monopolize On It - In Other Words FUCK YOU
#clintonfoundation #fraud #Haiti 
#clintonhitlist
We don't have a free press in the US! Take care of home before you worry and meddle in others business.
So should Julian Assange!
Why then didn't you speak up for the Russian journalists in Ukraine that were either murdered or imprisoned by the US backed pro-nazi Kiev government who were installed by a US engineered coup against the legitimate government?
Then maybe you shouldn't have deregulated the media industry so that only six companies now control access to mist of the "mainstream" media. That and your "Crime Bill" creating the for profit prison industry, tremendous legacies aren't they?
A free press is not the same thing as a by partisan, truthful press! MSM doesn’t have a clue on how to do this!!
Preemptive strike...nice! Sorry creep, the people know that you have big media in your pocket! #MAGA
And what of Julian Assange?
Well Willie, you should not have deregulated it here then...
#Morallybankrupt 
#Clintonism is shit
We need an unbiased press. Not only free.
Like that time you called from Air Force One to cry about the unfair press...
It still doesn't make the free press our keepers and we can demand accountability anytime we want and THAT is just as critical to a free society.  Those Reuters journalists being held should only be released IF they did nothing wrong.  NOBODY is above any laws of any country.
And you and Hillary should be locked up immediately. They're coming for you........
Your wife wanted to murder Assanage
Great thinking by President Bill Clinton
A free press,paid for by your commie allies.
That's hypocritical how about Assange dumbass
UN Human Rights had 12 reports on human rights abuses at the Ukraine, and then to General Assembly or Security Council. Julie Ann Racino, ASPA, 2017-2018 "Syria destruction" from Alleppo 2016-2017, "Intern Chapter"
I. Agree. Its. What. Separates  america. From. Countries. Like. Russia. Who. Have. State. Run. Media
Yeah
@realDonaldTrump @SenatorDurbin @maddow @dacullington.  President Clinton, you weren’t perfect, but I so enjoyed your speeches and never felt you were a racist.  We have to have a free press and an unbiased FBI, CIA, and DOJ. #MuellerIsComing
Why yes and especially if the PRESS is fake news !!
Hey Bill !! Can you prove legally that you and your husband ,hillary didn't use that money to pay for the wedding???I think not!!
Clinton on Free Press:
Yeah
Then help us make them #releasethememo
Honorable President's carry on helping our country. Thank you President Clinton.
You and your wife should have thought about that before rigging the election.
But wait - your wife talked about "droning" a journalist.  How hypocritical of you both.  #WETHEPEOPLE  #THEGREATAWAKENING  #LOCKHERUP  #FREEJULIANASSANGE  #MAGA
Tick tock
Get on a plane and do something about it. This tweet ain’t going shit. Or do you need to get paid to get on a plane and talk in another country? Tweets are cheap.
That's right Slick-Willy you have your wife do the silencing for you
http://madworldnews.com/marine-hillary-hired-silence-woman/ …
#Sterile #lies #Elis #erie #tire #list #steel #lets #tree #ARHighwayPatrol
And the election of the people should be sacred as well yet your and your wife tried to overthrow the election through corruption. You're All gonna rot in hell.
True. The killers of #GauriLankesh in India should be immediately convicted.
What a joke.  This happened 20 years ago today.  I voted for you...you, your wife and MSM tried to bury this...I haven't trusted MSM, you or your wife since.  Happy Anniversary.....http://www.drudgereportarchives.com/data/2002/01/17/20020117_175502_ml.htm …
Is that really what you think. What if they talk about one of the rape accusations against you. I bet all the democrats would try and shut them up. Instead of, "believing the victim."
Missing you Bill the real President.
Dear bill, your A CROOK that needs to be put in jail with your crazy wife
Detention of journalists is detention of news.
that is accepted
A free press, does not mean they are free to missleadthe American people on the Democratic party
Let’s broker the deal and get some goodies to bankroll Mr.President ! 
Your wife wanted to drone a journalist.
We don't have a FREE Press in America thanks to politicians like YOU.
You were well respected throughout the world ,you did America great.
http://youtu.be/Qr2rF_CJlFE  subscribe
یہاں پاکستان میں روز صحافی اٹھائے جاتے تشدد کیا جاتا

پریزڈنٹ اک بندے کو رو رہا
Well said, but what about those who are a black spot in the name of "Journalist", especially Indian ones viz @sardesairajdeep ,@RanaAyyub , @BDUTT, @sagarikaghose , etc.
Do you think they are JOURNALIST or COLUMNIST?
My take.
A free press - what a joke
Hope you go to prison soon
Did you stomp your feet too, when you said that. I'll bet you did.
Free press .. .code for the DNC arm of the Media @CNN @MSNBC still silent on #UraniumOne arrest
Yes you're right also the punishment should fit the crime and nobody should be above the law everyone should be held accountable for their actions
Absolutely. And to those uninformed commentators, rallying for free press says “I got nothing to hide”. #Resist #LockHimUp
@Snapandbud
You’re right! A free press is essential to our society. Unfortunately, we don’t have one anymore - and you know it. The majority of the press are propaganda machines.
Hi
A “Factual Press” is critical to our society and democratic process. You really believe that is the case today? If you do then we have lost you to senility and daydreams. We were born a few days apart. Remember real Journalists like John Cameron Swayze? No More Exists!
Not when you sign the smith mundt act allowing them to make stuff up without fear of investigations! Thanks Obama
The #1 problem in a free society... is crooked politicians. 
I assume you and Mrs. Clinton do own a mirror.?

You sweating Billy boy?     http://diamondandsilk.breakinginfoalert.com/2018/01/13/breaking-indictment-just-given-hillary-clinton-uranium-one-russian-bribery-case/ …
No you and your accomplice just have them killed.
Happy pongal
Shut yo lyin ass up. You helped this shit get this way so that criminals like you can get elected into office
A non-partisan free press reporting facts is critical to a free society. I would agree to that.

The current version of the press falls woefully short of that standard.
There must be something huge coming....all the past admin friends and family and election Co conspirators are out in force!!
Thanks for the comment
A DISHONEST MEDIA IS DETRIMENTAL TO #DEMOCRACY AND THE REPUBLIC!
#DEMOCRATS LOVE TO TOUT THIS UNTIL IT IS TO THEIR DETRIMENT.
#CLINTON HAD A DIFFERENT OPINION DURING IMPEACHMENT! SCUMBAG
You and Hillary are as corrupt as they come....
Why do we have to call it myanmar when it was burma for so long is it pc or diplomatic
As well the code of  past journalists demand no political bias and demand truth-It goes both ways Clinton- the founders of journalism would turn over in their graves should they know its become a biased bed fellow to U corrupt politicians in the swamp-
Free?  You PAID them for their biased reporting.
Yes and it is the Free Press, the individual journalists that are going to take you down
Free press is one thing. A liberal, biased press is another.
#DiversityKillsThousands
The Democratic Agenda


Maybe not when their treasonous, everybody knows the National Media is wrapped around the Socialist Democrats. #BillAyers #Hillary #ObamasBoy #Bill #Pay4play #ClintonBodyCount
I support Casteration for Child Rapist Convicted through DNA & Forensic evidence
There are some things that should be off limits to journalists for the safety of our country.  It seems like there is no longer any kind of filter for what they report.

Free to tell the Truth not free to Lie....
The heart of problem is the tyrannical regime in charge and how to kick them out an not turn it into Bush's folly
YOU SHOULD KNOW, U BOUGHT THE PRESS. HOW IS MATT LAUER WORKING OUT FOR YA!! POS
#FreeAssange
#JusticeForAssange
You and your wife kill them, and leakers.

But it's not jail, so I guess you're right
#OhReally ?? I agree...  #FreeAssange

What is your definition of "is" Willie.... you still haven't explained after all these years.
Journalism is (should) be a unique way to communicate because it's a one way message from a journalist to the audience. True journalism is about compiling facts concerning something that happened or is happening, and presenting an UNBIASED report. Difficult to find now!
We don't have a free society, we have a society with limited freedoms that are allowed within the confines of law. A truly free society would technically be Anarchy and likely a disaster. I also feel inevitably order rises from the chaos regardless. I love it here, but just sayin
Didn't someone from there give your foundation $ thinking Hillary was going to be President? They are probably pissed off the wasted their money?
Did you complain about Obama attacking the Free press?
Lets trade u for him, Bubba
The reality is not every society is free.
A free press is worthless their opinions not news. An honest press is what we need! FOX, even proclaimed by MLK's niece is the only honest news out there
Is that why the media is paid up to beat down on the current president who your wife was a sore loser too. Free press!? 
@BillClinton Go home and leave us. We do not need your preaching any longer  You are responsible for the mess we are in.
You, Hillary and the corrupt leadership of the DNC  are responsible for making Trump the president
Don't you damn KKKlintons ever go away??? No one is interested in the ramblings of murderous war criminals with the blood of thousands on their filthy hands.
Shut up ... you’re a rapist!!
The democRats infiltrated the press just like they did the FBI and CIA.
Let's defend then Fox News and OAN. The rest is critically compromised for covering all Clinton's corruption.
