Barbara and I are even more optimistic about our country's future after meeting the remarkable men and women in this year's @PLSprogram. Very proud of this innovative partnership between @TheBushCenter @ClintonCenter @Bush41 @LBJLibrary. 

#BreakSilenceOnAfrin

@GeorgeHWBush
Judges Justices @barackobama @ericholder @fbi @thejusticedept defendants in 5:09cv375FL @uscourts @scotus case knew @an_lsimha plaintiff  had meritoreus claim created exceptional circumstances to benefit from than allowing justice prevail prejudiced @an_lsimha obstructed Justice!
When evidence of discrimination by corp & federal employers shown as well @uscourts has jurisdiction Judges have not cared! Cats paw nexus to benefit Plausibility benefitting by money laundering identity theft working with India & other gov exist! @navtejsarna not responded! @ani
@usambindia Cats Paw Nexus to benefit by @uscourts @scotus @comey @realdonaldtrump @potus @fbi @TheJusticeDept @barackobama @ericholder @repholding @neal_katyal Matthew Fesak Seth Wood, courts officers abuse of process & discretion obstruction of justice applies 5:18MJ01029!
@ObamaFoundation @barackobama @ericholder @fbi @thejusticedept knew @an_lsimha plaintiff 5:9cv375:FL had meritorious claim gov & defendants to obstruct justice created exceptional circumstances broke family prejudiced @anl_simha @uscourts @scotus abused discretion dismissed case!
Defendants along with court officers clerk of court in NC state US federal district 4th circuit & US Supreme court participated in malicious prosecution prejudiced @an_lsimha abused process & discretion covered up evidence obstructed justice @potus failed to defend constitution!
This is nothing but a globalist swamp.
Control your woman and tell her to shut up please
Dar...
Good morning

Good afternoon
Collusion,election tampering = election do over. Trump a fake, illegitimate president. Lets do a re-election. Havent heard this yet, why?
It's so weird that non of you have given any words to our president about North Korea. This just proves how much hate u have for Trump which is a real shame that you don't want any part in MAGA. I believe Trump deserves credit for how much he's done in such a short time.Dont you?
Sorry
take your hands off my country and we will be fine.
Take plenty of Cigars with you Slick Willy. There might be some fresh meat there you haven’t soaked a stogey in
thank you and Mr. W for helping people and showing the country how well bi-partisanship works.
Wow.... cognitive dissonance at work, lady

The center of two NWO sellouts.
Clinton Center? I bet it’s a brothel!!
All the crooks that ruined this country together. Please women and little girls away from this
Look at all those targets he he heee more sex
Trump 2020
Be careful Little Rock. The Hillybilly predator has been spotted in your area.  He's tall, old, gray and responds to the names Bubba,Slick Willy and Big Dog which HE refers to the size of his male appendage.  Others not so much.
https://www.facebook.com/amy.pemg/posts/150285719001145 …
Damn, barbara too??? U have no standards hahhaaha
ex mr. President, heard your wife speech in India yesterday. My God can't you muzzle her. It's tragic a nice guy like you, and she makes you look like a monster just being married to her. She needs to get in touch with America.  63 million Americans said so!!!!
You can reminisce about #Waco .....
Reminiscing to the good old days when The CIA was running guns and drugs through Little Rock when you were governor?
Keep your hands to yourself and your d%^% in your pants "Sleazy Bill"
Oh going to meet your partner in crime ah.  Y'all are SNAKES.
Billery?  Hitlery? Cankles?  Killery???  What difference does it make?
I hope you don’t rape anyone while you’re there.
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=150098382353212&id=100020591523247 …
Good evening Mr.President.
Very interesting
(i'm not much into politics but the tweet is interesting.
bye from a writer pseudonym Aqualite)
what happened to your eyes ,little bill?
STD’s
Good day Mr.President..
평화상을 처리하지않아서 범죄가 계속 있습니다
I plan to go to the Clinton center one day
Hey Bill, anybody good blowing you lately?
Can you tell your wife to shut up about Trump...
She’s the reason I didn’t vote for her....

All crooks!
Good evening
Republicans and Democrats working together to provide hope to the next generation. How very Presidential!
GOP FIXED ELECTIONS SO HILLARY AND YOU DIDN'T GET IN BECAUSE THEY KNEW Y'ALL COULD STOP WHAT HE'S DOING! PET POISON, PEOPLE POISON, HE'S BEEN MEETING TRUMP CAUSE HE WAS HEAVY ON VOTER FRAUD, BILL GATES PUT BACKDOOR TO FLOOD FAKE VOTES IN USING PECH SOFTWARE USED IN 911 CONTACT ME
George w Bush is fiercely hateful to you because you impressed HW Bush and he's furious. Be careful they never come, this happened 2days ago they said they are in NY they were talking about y'all! I almost went to library to get info to you!
Those people said I live in Arkansas and my age saying die Brenda die George w bush did bad drugs to kill older people then did legislation to limit damages My mom died and I got letter saying I had case but because of his  legislation I couldn't proceed They sent that on Hillary
They GOP GEORGE BUSH, STOLE GOLD FROM LIBYA, I GOT ON breaking NEWS WITH FIRE EMOJI AND ITS FROM OVERSEAS SHOWS DEAD  MILITANTS CURSING AMERICA FOR STEALING THEIR GOLD, ONCE DACA PASSES IT WILL BE CAPTURING US AND WE WILL DISAPEAR! NO JOKE
Bill I'm Brenda from Arkansas Americans are in danger BUSHW has been training blackwater in Texas! They are slowly disarming us all these Mexicans know they are getting GOVMT jobs, I sent that thing saying Hillary did bad drugs, that was sent to me by twitter by foreigners, HELP!
And God gave Solomon wisdom and understanding exceeding much, and largeness of heart, even as the sand that is on the sea shore. I Kings 4:29 KJV
The Lord will make you and your family happy forever. Your happiness will be like a crown on your heads. Gladness and joy will fill you completely. He will let His light shine in your heart to give light of the knowledge of the glory of God in the face of Christ. In Jesus name.
The loving God Almighty will richly bless you and your family blessings that will last forever. You are the children of His inheritance. An inheritance that can never perish, fade, destroyed or lose its beauty kept in heaven for you. In the name of Jesus Christ.
By Faith Isaac blessed Jacob and Esau concerning things to come. Hebrews 11:20 KJV
The faithful Lord Almighty will fill you with a wonderful, inexpressible and glorious joy. The strong love that the Lord All-Powerful has for His children will make good things happen to you and your family. You were bought at a special and precious price. In Jesus Christ's name.
The faithful God Almighty will show you and lavish you and your family with love and mercy. He will cause His perfect goodness to pass by in front of you. He will continue to teach you His ways so that you continue to please Him. In the name of Jesus Christ.
The faithful God Almighty will arm you with strength and makes your way perfect. He will show you a way of life that is even greater and excellent way. You can do everything through Christ who gives you strength. In the name of Jesus Christ.
Lord has in store for you the crown of righteousness which the Lord the righteous Judge will award to you and your family on that day and not only to you but also to all who have loved His appearing. He will keep your lamp burning. He will keep your light shining. In Jesus name.
The faithful God Almighty will equip you with everything good for doing His will and He will work in you what is pleasing to Him through Jesus Christ. The unfailing love of the Lord is your comfort. There is nothing that can separate you from the love of God. In Jesus Christ name
The good Lord is with you. He will take great delight in you. He will quiet you with His love. He will rejoice over you with blessings. He has planned good things for you that no-one can recount. He chose you and appointed you to produce fruit-fruit that will last. In Jesus name.
The loving God Almighty will richly bless the fruit of your womb with all of God's blessings. He will bless the crops of your land, your grain, the calves of your herds, the lambs of your flocks and the chicks of your hen with all of God's blessings. In the name of Jesus Christ.
The Lord will give you success in everything you do according to His will. He will do exceedingly abundantly above all that you ask of think according to the power that is at work within you. He will increase you a thousand times more and bless you as He promised. In Jesus name.
The beautiful God Almighty will make you the head, you shall be above only and not beneath. He will bless you when you come in and He will bless you when you go out. He will richly bless you and make you fruitful and increase your numbers. In the name of Jesus Christ.
The faithful God Almighty will grant you abundant prosperity in every area of your life. He will protect you and keep you and your family away from harm and watch over your life. He will bless you in the city and He will bless you in the country. In the name of Jesus Christ.
But my God shall supply all your need according to His riches in glory by Christ Jesus. Philippians 4:19 KJV
The faithful Lord will teach you what is the best for you and direct the  way you should go. He will bless all the work of your hands and He will bless everything you put your hands to. He will strengthen you, help you and uphold you with His righteous right hand. In Jesus name.
The gracious God Almighty will give you more than you need so that you will always have all you need for yourselves and more than enough for every good cause. He will show you and give you His incomparable riches of His grace. In the name of Jesus Christ.
May the grace of the Lord and the fellowship of the Holy Spirit and the love of Christ be with His Excellency President W. J. Clinton, the former First Lady H. Clinton, Chelsea Clinton and Clinton Center now and forever. In the name of Jesus Christ.
The good Lord will richly bless you and your family with all of God's blessings. He will fill your house with good things. He will fill your house with His glory. He will give you and your family a happy and good health long life. He will lavish you with His love. In Jesus name.
Lord will strengthen you with all power according to His glorious might and riches. He will richly provide you with everything for your enjoyment. He will satisfy your desires with good things. He will show you the path of life and fill you with joy in His presence. In Jesus name
The faithful God Almighty will fulfill all He has planned for you. He will thoroughly equip you for every good work. He will give you the desires of your heart and make all your plans succeed according to His will. He will enlarge your territory as He promised. In Jesus name.
The faithful God Almighty will give you a wise and discerning heart so that there will never have been anyone like you nor will there ever be. He will  make your heart be glad and joyful in His love and He will take care of you. In the name of Jesus Christ.
The faithful God Almighty will lavish you with the riches of His grace and He will lavish you with wisdom, knowledge and understanding. He will give you both riches and honor so that in your lifetime you will have no equal among leaders. In the name of Jesus Christ.
#TickTock         @realDonaldTrump Thank you for cleaning up after these disgusting #Treasonous #Traitors
Quien en twiter determina que es ofensivo o no/ pues en estos tiempos la gente se ofende por todo... no sea que los que tomen tales deducciones entren en prejuicios ya sean derechistas o izquierdistas etc... y no entren en violentar el derecho de libre expresión.
very interesting
@GeorgeHWBush
Watch out girls- old pervy Bill can’t wait to meet you
Clinton u we're good but am so sorry for what happens here in Africa most especially Libya.
Rapist

Good evening bill.
How many blows jobs have you gotten in hour little center
Why do you rape people? Can you please stop?

How does this make you feel Hillary?

https://twitter.com/RealJack/status/972837382226694145?s=19 …
نرجو منكم الالتفاتة لاطفال عفرين
اللتي تقتلهم الفاشية العثمانية 
في مرتعهم
The entire Clinton Gang belongs in jail. They must have tons of stuff on every one of you. Amazing. I can see why Bill played in the White House. Would you want to come home to a Hilary?

Your daddy uncle sam satan has not put you and all the others in the NWO 666 tv govt system into us prison yet? As he is back under GODS graces and this is something he must do for GOD
Hello
Monica Lewinsky can't wait for her#metoo
#metoo
Bill Clinton's legacy:
(⌒‐⌒)
Have a great time
Go Bill
https://www.gofundme.com/58pwofk?pc=tw_co_dashboard_a&rcid=3f2d1bb9991344b2bbd4df153d9ec1c2 … @gofundme
@GeorgeHWBush
We’re ready Mr. President!

Clinton and Bush set this country back so much, but maybe with Trump we can make up ground that these two aging hipsters squandered in dealing with Iran, North Korea, China, Mexico, and our bloated bureaucracy and entitlement programs.  Bill and George, thanks...for nothing.
23 million news jobs created was really nothing right?
Well @BillClinton. Dennison is hiring your impeachment lawyer. The end is near!!! @CNN
Je serais ravi d'écouter vos twitts
https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B07B7MLQTG/ref=mp_s_a_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1520725292&sr=8-1&pi=AC_SX236_SY340_FMwebp_QL65&keywords=a+book+forged+in+black&dpPl=1&dpID=41-HQ5UIf-L&ref=plSrch …
Clinton Center is a wonderful foundation
Its One Thing To Talk About Something And But Actually Doing It. Thats Bill Clinton!
Bill Clinton admits to having inappropriate relationship with Monica Lewinsky
Clinton, -I did not have sexual relations with that woman...

The feds are there right now, they can't wait to meet you either!!!!

Happy #CelebratingFeministMenMonth. Thanks for being a Feminist Man. If you'd like to click on #CelebratingFeministMenMonth, you'll see that I'm promoting #CelebratingFeministMenMonth all by myself while all the ... um ... 'thekthist' women are ... um ...
Good morning 
Heart my clinton
The cause is their own bank accounts.
Great joint participating of former Presidents for a good cause
请大家
帮帮数百万钱旺钱宝投资者传达他们的声音。南京警方野蛮执法、控制舆论、制造伪证传播谎言无所不用其极这些才是导致数百万民众抗议的原因。你们可以在新浪微博和推特上搜钱宝对比一下，南京老虎删帖屏蔽老百姓发声，微博上能搜到的全是他们买通的媒体在造谣抹黑张敬华把老百姓逼到推特上来了
"The most precious gift we can offer anyone is our attention. When mindfulness embraces those we love, they will bloom like flowers"
---- Abdullah Al-Mahmud Jahangir

Both Crooks who stole from Haiti.
Clinton and Bush are real Presidents that are helping others.
Dear sir plz plz help
Can’t wait to see what comes of!
I hope to be there work may get in the way!
Little Rock is an incredible place. Our board member lived in Hot Springs and Little Rock, he visited your office, took pictures and had a tour. It was a real wonderful youth exchange. With best of wishes!
Father, donate now, example Theresa, Vaireth, Happy stop to school one mouth reason no paid school fees. This children is finished std 7 and 2 children finished form 4. father donate this children of school fees. Donate now
Dear, sir http://Bill.my  petition from me founder Mr Andrea shebila. My name is Mr Andrea http://shebila.my  petition from me Andrea is about your emergence assistance support. Pls,pls donate us now this group.
Father,donate us now.We need emergence assistance support USD 9500 only to paid all school fees, uniforms, shoes, bags, foods, treatment and paid Rented office. Donate us now.
thanks.
You will have plenty of time together very soon!
Both of you should be in prison!!

And I really can't wait to meet you ..that's my big dream
Thank you! God bless WJCF!!Oh, say that we can.....
You make my heart happy.
Two dirtbag clans.  What could go wrong?
War Monger !
Thank you for always working together for the greater good.
Met and campaigned for you when I lived in Santa Barbara. You will always be my favorite President.
Its One Thing To Talk About Something And But Actually Doing It. Thats Bill Clinton!  So is he still your favorite rapist ?

Best say goodbye...You are on the list. Patriots are awake.  The military has got this. 
God will forgive you, but only with confessing your sins. Right now you are perishing.
Jesus is the only one who can save you.
Do the Clinton pay the Clinton center? Probably not us tax payers. We probably pay for Obama center better be glad I am not president I cut that crap off let them pay for there own buildings
If your capable of bipartisan after your term ends why not try during your terms?
After all it was your “duty, honor to serve your country” at any cost including bipartisan
Meetings of the treasonous scumbags...
Karma just called, Mr. President. I took a message.  We won.
