Oh How I Wish @HillaryClinton was in the Oval Office right now.

Dinesh D'Souza, noted convicted felon, conspiracy theorist and all out liar?  Really?  That's the hill you want to die on?  LOL
But you'll defend Clinton...
It's refreshing to have a President who can actually act Presidential!  Thanks Bill!
Wow!!! How about giving the money you STOLE!!! Your a JOKE!!!
Cannot agree more, Bill. This #ShitholePresident is nothing but a racist, and he must do the right thing by resigning. Let us all remember those who Haiti had lost on the tragic day, 8 years ago. 
Beautiful Haiti!!!
May God bless you Mr president 

Any bi-partisan information on this or do you only have junk to peddle?

That pic is confusing the Clintons with the theft of gold between 1915 and 1934. They weren't even born yet. Not to mention that the parties swapped platforms during that time. What were Dems turned into Republicans and vice versa.
That is laugh!! They mention Hillary as Secretary of State. 
Propaganda trying to tie them to ancient history. Learn to recognize it.
So it’s ancient history of the Clintons stealing money? 

Then give them the money u stole from them
and this?
My God , when are the walls going to close in on these #Shitholes 
They stole more money from #ShitHoleCountries that's why they are still #Shitholes
Hillary was asking for more money last month, I’m sure the Dems gave it to her. In her words democrats are easy to manipulate, probably the only thing I will ever agree w her on. She manipulates your minds, and the media manipulates your minds, you’re all robots for Dems.
Thank you President Clinton 
If you don't think theses countries are shitholes, then you should have no problem sending them home. You can move with them.
Traveled, Raped and Pillaged  #Slick Willy
The smell of Fresh paint everywhere








Across Africa? We may not be a sh*thole but our government's are doing their best to make us that!
I don’t blame the actual U.S. President for comments like these because he’s out of his mind. Few days ago he remarked himself a “very stable genius” 

 
Didn't you also steal money that was supposed to go to Haiti?
Everyone should donate to the @ClintonFdn. They helped save lives in Haiti. When my crew needed help putting an emergency hospital in Haiti after the disaster, President Clinton got our medical supplies to the country when no one else could. Just wonderful service to people.

I can’t believe you and hill haven’t gone into hiding yet. It’s really only a matter of time before you get picked up #StupidCorruptPoliticians #Mubarak #Gaddafi #Ceaușescu

STop Mr President if your foundation really did their job they wouldnt be in the spot they are now You Robbed the #haiti People ..not onLy did you forget Them you used these Poor People
Which epithet would that be? Was it something like “super predator”?
Thank you, President Clinton, for a voice of reason. Please keep speaking.
Shut up slick willie.
Clinton wedding paid with #HaitiMoney
You raped the Haitian people; both financially and literally.
They HATE YOU!
I dare you to walk through the streets of Haiti without your secret service protection.

Bill, Haiti wants the $10billion you still owe them you $hith0le
Close, but no cigar.


Thank you for posting this. I have been to Haiti and it is a beautiful area.

Bullshit!!
What do you mean?
The story is made up from the book "Clinton cash" . Ever been to Haiti??
are you discounting the real and documented protests held by Haitian Americans outside of the Clinton Foundation??
Like with all protests   What is done by some does not mean all. Yes I have been Haiti. Have you?
clinton's emails show the truth behind the veil
Raging hypocrites you and your entire family. You all stole moneys meant for Haiti and also furniture from the WH. Thieves !!!!!
oh and what about this?
Your actions were worse Mr. President!

I LOVE YOU 

Just stop.  Dnesh Dsouza?  Meh.
The hypocrisy of the #left not acknowledging documented protests in front of the #ClintonFoundation
The Clinton Crime family embezzled money that was supposed to be used to help Haitians after the 2010 earthquake. Tell us again why you're giving advice to @realDonaldTrump
They should return the the charity money they stole from the Haitian people
Fake news!!
Sorry, but your 'Fake New" fact checker is ONCE AGAIN pushing FAKE NEWS. I suppose you think ABC News (loyal friend to the Clinton's) had an easy time reporting about the Clinton contracts in Haiti?
That's why they won a Pulitzer, lol
Sorry, I’m not keeping up...it appears as though I’ve been blocked by the brave liberal @SuzyVamderhoosy
Everyone should do the same and they wlll dry up and go troll elsewhere
Can this nightmare please end????
That's exactly what @atensnut said
Tell us Bubba...is “sh*tshow” an epithet also? Cuz I recall you remaining silent when Obama dropped that little gem on Libya. Hypocrisy among the left is rampant.
President Clinton you came to see the military (3/2 ACR) in Haiti in 1995, got to meet you!  It was an honor, it truly helped the morale of the troops to known that the POTUS cared about our mission.
was that before or after he settled multiple rape cases? #ClintonCrimeFamily

And one more thing..thanks for helping NK get nukes

Maybe you need to do a little research .
Maybe you need to stop believing right wing bullshit.
Actually moron I'm a registered Dem. LMAO
Of course you are. Nice to meet you, I'm the Queen of England. Call me Liz. It's short for Lizard. 


Who'd know best what the Clinton's did to Haiti more than the Haitian people? That sign and the Haitian's protesting in front of Hillary's NY office were perfectly clear. Additionally, they pushed Haitian politicians out of all earthquake decisions.
Where's the Haiti money the Clinton Crime Family Slush Fund collected?
If the President did say those things, he was referring to the crooked governments that suck up all of the funds that are given to help the people and put the in their own pockets leaving the country poor and hungry and destitute. The poor are the ones who suffer...
Suck me off, a$$hole  . . .
// the relationship between you and Hillary with George Soros and the Obama's financial relationship w him and their relationship w  ACORN is common knowledge now. The breakdown of fund distribution for the 5.4 billion in donated Haitian relief funds is now public.
If you traveled and worked there, why is Haiti still a shithole?

You are in typical form, Bill.  Everyone else is wrong but you?   Do something good for once...take care of that young man you fathered down in Little Rock.
Safe it for the judge Billy! @BillClinton
I'm a  young Haitian man , and a servant of God. and I'm still in Haiti now.. So 
I want everyone know that  what you do in this earth ,you will pay for it sooner or later.  God sees everything.
You made deals for your buddies in return for donations. Clinton Cash. Great movie...
Funny how  you can have the nerve to say that when HE put his money to help these places and you used their help donated by others to fund a wedding and your nefarious purposes. Maybe we care more about your actions than your words.
blah blah blah account for the rape in oxford, lets start there
I’m betting that the Haitian people want your head on a stick.
Are you packing bags for jail?
Is this a joke?
Look "Brady", let me edumacate you on something, Bill Clinton personally toured Haiti HIMSELF, as he flew over it on the Lolita express...err that didn't come out right, but you knows wut i mean cassmeoouuside!
Next time you tweet tweet sober or take and Uber. You make No sense.
lol
Another stunning photo of the billions raised by Hillary and Bill that helped Haiti become the great nation it is today! Thanks Bill and Hillary! Lovely place, with a little help from you great philanthropists of course!
Lol
https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/952684729056161792.html …
You were well on your way to turning the USA into a shithole country until @newtgingrich came along with the Contract for America and the Dot Com Bubble began. Had they not you'd have been long gone in 96'.
I still agree with the President they are shithole nations who use their peoples problems to secure their own leaderships wealth and Billy boy you haven’t done a thing for free so don’t try to push that nonsense here we New Yorkers know about you Clinton’s.
Actually they do exist and in part because of your corrupt family. Return the money you guys stole to Hatai then maybe you can say something.
Didn’t realize how much the Dominican Republic HATES the Clintons till we went on vacation there and talked to the locals who have family in Haiti.  
They said that they saw NONE of that money and that conditions are the same as after the earthquake.
Bill Clinton your face is not just a hard rock faced but is none existence.
Haitians know the truth, Bubba.
Don’t make this political! We r ashamed at what you did in the Oval Office. You have no right to say anything
thank you Mr president
lol, each time you look at your daughter's wedding pictures you should think if Haiti.
Maybe they didn't before you started "helping" them, but they sure did after! #clintinfoundationscam

Pure shit from the biggest political disgrace in modern history. Really? They are shitholes thanks to you and yours. Any chance of changing that was stolen by the Clinton foundation.
Our President is far greater than you ever were. Please step aside and take care of your own business til you and your wife go to prison.
Thank you, sir. You seem to have attracted a swarm of toxic Trump Trolls that keep regurgitating the same old debunked BS.
Thank you, Bill and Hillary, for all the good that you do through your foundation. Love you both.
And the ones who could have been helped if you didn't fleece all the money from them.
Everyone knows you still use the N word in private.

Dear Mr President you should travel to Washington, there you find what the current guy sitting in the Oval Office described:
Yeah...you might want to sit this one out, Bill. #HumanHumidorMonica
Oh really so these countries don't abuse their ppl don't steal their money have wonderful health care have thriving economies that provide jobs have a great education system the term shit hole may not be politically correct but non the less most ppl would consider shitty places

Barry Sherman founded Apotex pharmaceutical company. Apotex supplied generic drugs to the #ClintonFoundation in #Haiti and #Rwanda.
Apotex also donated medicines and supplies to Clinton Foundation #PuertoRicoRelief efforts in 2017. https://twitter.com/Yair_Rosenberg/status/956970860765745152 …
Bill, Bill, Bill, you have never worked a day in your life.
you rich  fake jew lovers  created these so called shitholes.it`s your  fault. you got to die with that.
This clown is such an opportunist. Why not ask the people who live in the slums of these countries what they think? They don't sleep in 5star presidential suites like worthless  politicians spending taxpayers money

Your just full of it!!!
Still a LIAR.



And you stole the money
We miss you Mr President!
So if Haiti and El Salvador are paradise countries immigrants do not need to come to US.  Win win for all.
Or need our financial aid!!!
what about Danni?
just shut up
What an as.!
Remembering with fondness all the money your “charity” gave to the Haitians-no one knew then Haitians was another word for “my pocket.”
It’s a tough translation 
Haiti and other countries that have a mass wave of citizen leaving R shit holes! If it wasn’t why the hell will citizen b risking life and limb 2 get 2 other countries that r more prosperous? Why would anyone want 2 leave the paradise that is Haiti  plz u aren’t fooling anyone.

Bill I met you and shook your hand on your trip to Dublin when you were POTUS, if I knew then what I know now belive me I'd of shot you and guess what you wouldn't have been able to get your hands on Haiti 
Hey Slick Willie,  How many of $Millions did your foundation STEAL from the people of #Haiti ?
I hope you're right. Styx said it best The jig is up, the news is out
They finally found me...
You have been the best president this great nation has had, during your term the economy was at its best, thank you for all!!!
Kind of like that money that you took from the Haiti ! That doesn't exist anymore does it slick Willy
I'm pretty sure you & Hillary had a role turning Haiti into a shithole. After all, how do people get rich running a "charitable" organization?
You also stole from the Haitian people.
So what exactly did you do with the $500k the Russians paid you for your boring speech?
Worked? You call raping women and children work? Or are you referring to raping the whole country of it's gold? Perhaps you consider enriching yourself work, #Haiti disagrees.

The haitians want their money.. 
My thoughts for the poor people you and #CrookedHillary stole money from.
#hypocrites
#BillClintonIsARapist
you worked?
Didn't take wikileaks long to oust you for lying AGAIN.
Like I said in previous post, all these idiots believing someone who not only lied to a nation but the world.
Chelsea Clinton used Clinton Foundation resources for her wedding -- email from top Bill Clinton aid Doug Band https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/52046#efmABYACC … 
What part of hati or africa did you got to? Certainly not where they needed you...
Your legacy: Corruption without prejudice.
How much money from Haiti went to the Clinton Foundation????
What a joke the Clintons are. Liars.
They traffic women and doesn't care if children get an education. Oh btw didn't you and your wife robbed them blind?
And stole how much?
Yeah ok  you’re such an Angel 
But Obama turning Libya into a jihadist haven where black Africans are now being sold in open slave markets isn’t cause for outrage worldwide apparently.
Haiti is a criminal embarrassment for you, your wife and your money laundering front you call a foundation. Best that you keep all that on the downlow forever.
How much of it got filtered into your wife's disastrous run for the WH?
the Haitians should help our country in exchange for the $328,000,000 the United States sends them
Miss The Clinton Family !!! 
1st pic Haiti..2nd one Somalia.....you be the judge if shit holes or not
Havrested alotmadenchrome vampire
you should remember Bill Clinton you and Hillary took their money!! you love going to Haiti. to attend Satanic Practices!!
Lies
#ReleaseTheMemo  #HillaryForPrison
You also stole from Haiti...
How about you give them back all the money you stole?
Guess you forgot about Super 64. That was a helicopter that went down in Somalia. Under your watch.
yes they do and you've never done an honest days work in your life less you count mounting that beast you call your wife

This is all you do man!
Tell you what. Give Haiti the money you and Hillary stole and maybe they can start to get their shit together. I mean y'all stole millions that could have helped these people a great deal.
You should the last person in the world to lecture anyone about being respectful to Haiti.

#ClintonFoundation
How many Hatian kids did your friend Laura Silsby manage to kidnap before she got caught?
actually  we think about them all the time... trying to figure out why you and your greedy wife stole all the money that was donated by people that trusted you to actually help those people, not hijack their children and build a hotel and airport for yourself, but houses for them
Arent you the same Bill Clinton
That turned Yugoslavia into a #shithole ? @Partisangirl @Osman_Marwa1 @JaniceKortkamp
Poor, dysfunctional countries don't exist, you say? Now tell me again what the Clinton Foundation has done for Haiti or the third world. I'll wait...
Hopefully none of those travels done in ur buddies plane with all the under aged girls
and have collected money and kept it #lolitaexpress
@JJimenezA
Haiti made you a whole bunch of money, Bill. How many times have you been back to continue your "charitable works"?
El Salvador is a piece of shit country.
Me. President, where did all that money for Haiti go? Where’s the hospital your foundation promised?
GOTTA WONDER HOW MUCH MONEY YOU AND HILL MADE FROM THOSE COUNTRIES TO SAY HOW WONDERFUL THEY ARE!
10+ Points, good job m8
NGOs have pillaged Haiti and continue to run their neo-colonialist scam.
Check out @RepStevenSmith’s Tweet:
Bill Clinton never paid for an eye surgery in Haiti—or any other surgery. 

He was a SCAM ARTIST.…
You should return the money you and your beastly wife embezzled from your shade tree foundation crook. Also you actually had an impeachment vote and obstruction.  #goawayamericahatesyourfamily
You and your witch wife successfully turned numerous countries into shitholes.
