Where did all of the money you raised for Haiti go?  Why should we trust your foundation, now?
Yes same thing i was just thinking
Clinton family=corruption. Hopefully no one supports anything they do.
I think you meant the Trump family.
Trumps owned a multinational company before even thinking about being in politics. The Clinton family became politicians first and then used fake companies to pay for it all. Not saying they're not also corrupt, but the election is over already and, ya
New interns? News cigars? Old Bill...
Old news
Dry stains :)
1995-last century.  Cute come back though!
REALITY CHECK:
Even though US president Jimmy Carter signed the ALCOHOL ENERGY SECURITY ACT in 1980 & USDA BULLETIN #771-80 states that AQUAHOL is 800% more efficient than GASOHOL, no US president has been able to implement AQUAHOL against OIL POWER since.
http://aquahol-injection-inc.com 
Must know
Reality of spirituality
#reality 
#Reality_Of_Vedas
To the people of Puerto Rico, Virgin Islands and the Caribbean: Watch your children! Don't let them out of sight! Don't trust anyone w/ the Clinton Foundation. Ask the people of Haiti. Kick them out of your country and away from your children!
They must need a new batch of kids to torture
From what I saw on YT today, they're getting a pretty good supply from Syria. Sure they're looking to the future.
I did not have sexual relations with that woman @mike_cod
Old news..  y’all gotta get some new material. This is 23 years old...1995-previous century even!  SMH
How much money are you and @HillaryClinton and @ChelseaClinton. Going to steal from the people of Puerto Rico using y'alls sham of a charity the @ClintonFdn
Yes...Does Chelsea need more money for a ceremony to RENEW HER WEDDING VOWS?

Trump don't give a dam about Puerto Rico and u no that is a crazy man
Did U know PR isn’t a true state-they aren’t allowed Reps n congress. Trump wants that 2 change (&his supporters are VERY vocal on it). We also want 2 adopt Haiti, if THEY want us-we owe them 4 the Clintons. Contrary 2 news, he has asked for 4.9B in 4 PR & CONGRESS is final say.
There is A LOT of bureaucracy in helping PR, stuff even a Prez can’t do. We have to pressure our Reps to change that. I don’t care who’s ‘side’ you’re on. If you want PR to get help-contact your congresspeople and demand change. YOU have a voice. Use it!
You going to use the Clinton foundation to help Puerto Rico like you used it to help Haiti?
I like your wife. She’s alright.
#ImStillWithHER too

Sure glad there is at least one president who cares about our friends in the Caribbean!
He cares about robbing them. Wake up#demfail
I’m glad someone is going to help these Americans.
God knows the so-called President won’t.

What has Trump done to help PRians besides toss rolls of paper towels to a handpicked group of people?
That’s good enough for me
Trump is doing a great job ! Please remember to thank him ..
Didn't you have a license to practice law once? What happened? asking for a friend. @realDonaldTrump
Ripping them off too now, huh?

Since Congress has cut Puerto Rican aid in half, thank you President Clinton. You’re doing the right thing.
He is not your president........

Thank you, Bill, my buddy.
Sounds great!


Perhaps you could ask the Trumpenburg to tune in? God knows, he needs to....
Stay tuned folks for the Clinton Foundation to be shattered in a Million pieces.

When is Trump going to send PR the $33 million for the golf course?

Would that be the same way you screwed * I mean "helped"* Haiti?
Zzzzz.zzzzz..z....z.zz YOU ARE A RAPIST!......ZZZz..zz....
SHE'S TRYING TO ROB MY BUSINESS LORD JEROME HOPES 
You should have married Dolly Kyle. I like her. You took the wrong path, but it's still not too late to ask for Jesus Christ to come into your heart. I am sincere. Don't lose your soul for eternity. God will forgive anything, as song as you ask.
Good God man give it up already!!! Leave those people alone!  You only use them, suck them dry.
Just like #Haiti

Thank you, sir!
It’s a crime what trump is doing to humans let alone citizens of a US territory
Boy do I miss you!
Found another scam to run?! Just like you scammed the people of Haiti! They don’t call you wee willie and slick willie for nothing
Thank you Mr President for your support of our little island with a big heart!!!
You can thank your own leadership for a lot of destruction before, during and after the hurricane. #demfail
THIS IS SCARY. THE CLINTON FOUNDATION ROBBED HAITI AND NOW HAVE THEIR CLAWS INTO PUERTO RICO AND THE U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS. THIS CORRUPT ORGANIZATION SHOULD BE SHUT DOWN.THIS IS BILL N HILLARY CLINTON'S NEXT MONEY GRAB.
Thank you President Clinton from the USVI.
Thank you for doing something to help these people, @BillClinton
Don’t be fooled.
Fooled by Trump.  He has done NOTHING to help those countries recover.  I will take Bill Clinton over Trump any day of the week.
Good to know the Clintons are moving to Puerto Rico Reminds them of Arkansas no plumbing or electricity but all the weed you can toke. What does the phrase so close but yet do far mean to the clintons. It wasnt the russians messing with the election but the Good Lord.
So now you'll traffic children from Puerto Rico to your pedo friends amd their satanic endevours? :) Good guy Bill 

You look Puerto Ricans have to wait like the Haitians do? They're still waiting.... Chelsea had a really great wedding at their expense.
Warning Governor of St Thomas ,  The Clintons going to Take more then you do.
Must be time to send Laura out to restock the pizza oven.
Keep it up Bill! Don't let the American people of Puerto Rico suffer! It's an absolute tragedy what is happening!
Another example of #HOOKEDONSTUPID The Elite Clintons do nothing unless they benefit.  Ask the Haitian people. Why is t she in Jail. So many died that know the Clinton secrets
Do you want to try that again, but this time using English?
#HOOKEDONSTUPID
I'll take it that as a no. There is a sweet Irony about someone who is illiterate posting the hashtag "HookedOnStupid".  Were you trying to say "HookedOnPhonics"? You really could use that..
CF is a day late and billions of dollars short.  Just to mention a few, tainted vaccines in Africa, stealing 99.9% of contributions made for Haiti. You've got to be joking, get lost CF.
@realDonaldTrump #QAnon 
#ClintonCrimes #Haiti #Africa 
#WWG1WGA
Ain't no such thing as half way crooks!
Got your wife some reading material for your down time of ripping people off and stealing “stuff”
How much did you get for tweeting this?
Especially Haiti, Monsieur Le President!  Especialement Ayti!
@realDonaldTrump thank you for the REAL help for our neighbors, Mr. C.
Hati called they want thier $$$$$ back u stole.
It's really was amazing to watch you this morning. .America always in need for you Mr president  thanks for your giving ..love you so much 
Wish you could be our President again.  The current one is an embarrassment
You should visit #Culebra and #Vieques in Puerto Rico. The forgotten islands. #HurricaneMaria
Thank you Mr President. As a physician, I am making repeat mission trips to PR and the USVI. I leave for another deployment this weekend. There is so much need! I see the chronic conditions and mental issues worsening first hand. We all need to support our citizens.
Don’t be fooled.
Spreading this nonsense is ridiculous and counterproductive- blocked
ALERT ALERT ALERT BILL IT'S TIME WE ASK HILLARY TO CHALLENGE THE 2016 ELECTION RESULTS HOW CAN THE GOP BENEFIT FROM AN ELECTION THAT THEY WERE COMPLICIT IN CHEATING TO WIN MUELLER HAS THE EVIDENCE TRUMP AND HIS PARTNERS IN CRIME CHEATED PLEASE CHALLENGE THE ELECTION GIVE US HOPE
Oh my God how I WISH you were president! Those were the good days!
Hahahaha..this is just another money grab by @BillClinton @HillaryClinton and the corrupt Clinton foundation.
You all lost your pay to play option when your crocked wife lost her run as President.
#rememberhaiti 
#CrookedHillary 
#corruptclintonfoundation 
#hypocrisygalore
Wth... Bill Clinton is still alive?
Is Hillary a Devil? An interesting analysis:
Hey how are things on that little island you friend Jeffrey owns?? I hear the landscape may have been majorly improved!!  
Always wanting to "help the children" aren't we?
Need to raise funds again? Insurance from the house fire (arson?) wasn’t enough? 

I head speaking fees are discounted. 
Please stay out of other countries. No more "raping and pillaging ", signed the world.
Do not tune in, the Clinton Foundation is not good with money.
**Fraud Alert** Clinton Foundation is NOT A LEGAL CHARITY!!!!! @CharlesOrtel has all the data!!! We will not allow you to loot anyone else like you looted Haiti!!!! #ClintonCrimeFamily #CrookedHillary #SyriaStrikes #MAGA
Let me guess another fund raiser???
2 Bill's but the same perv!
How many millions ares you stealing from the Puerto Ricans? Are you going to give the Haitians their money?
PRico CRISIS has greatly affected Florida's Economy and Political landscape, while island politicians make no substantive effort to resolve it. 

To perpetuate the COLONY is
To perpetuate the CRISIS.

Florida needs to take an ACTIVE ROLE in dealing with the CRISIS. #Florida4PR
You are being fooled.  You guys seriously still trust them?  SMH!!!
Bill Trump has me block Hillary site is this standard practice hmm
RT करे
आदरणीय दोस्तो मेरे एक दोस्त की माता जी को ब्रेन में कैंसर हो गया है और 
उनकी आर्थिक स्थिति अच्छी नही है मे आपसे उम्मीद करता हूं आप इस मामले मे तुरंत एक्शन लोगे
अगर आप नही सुनेंगे तो कौन सुनेगा
ईशान मलिक 
वरिष्ठ समाजसेवी सहारनपुर
मो.9520894000
Appalachia sure could use some help.
GOOD AFTERNOON PRESIDENT CLINTON THIS IS A WONDERFUL THING TO SUPPORT OUR FAMILIES THERE JUST A BEAUTIFUL THING AMEN I SEEN MY LOVE TO YOU ALL GOD BLESS AMEN
What ever happened to your luv jennifer flowers?
I stand with Bill Clinton
Thank you for remembering #trumpforgotaboutpuertorico
And Haiti?
Sounds good helping victims in Puerto Rico.  Now follow thru, just don't make words to look good.

1-Thunder strikes heavily near the volcano. Because Thunder loves volcanic smoke. Some have fallen upon them thunder.
2-The magician Talal is the one who pushed the magician Aad al-Qarni to say to the soldiers of the West. Air Algerie participated in the bombing of Belgui airport
#IdeasIntoAction
Interesting issue, we need urgently to comment on this. ... Mr. President did you already get the European point of view on this issue?  I mean, did you receive  any kind of an official statement per Fax or mail of Europe?
Thank God



Looking to fleece more dollars????
Hey Bill, too bad you have to fleece more dollars, and why should people listen to you—-Hillary doesn’t, if she had, she would be President, and you would be back in the White House interviewing interns
They need to straighten out that dirty place. We got to stop pouring our money into that place. All thay do is cut down our president Blam him for not doing anything While there own people are stiling the supplys and blaming us They arr did this to there self
Will you rip them off the same way you did Haiti
It’s so sad to read all these awful tweets! The county was out of debt when he was president. No one since can say that
You can bet trump won’t do a thing to help them. I really don’t believe he knows they are truely part of the USA !! What a joke for a president of USA !!


Answer me
Why are they not being helped? If you were still in office, this would not be an issue.
HOW ABOUT P AYING THE 4 BILLION PLUS DOLLARS TO HAITI THAT YOU STOLE.

Hide your children from this man! Don't believe a word he says. #Fraud
if you need more money just say it and stop these embarrassing false 'humanitarian causes' -
#Epstein #lockherupalready
Watch the children. They are the resource hustled by the CF.
Virgin island= child trafficking for Clintons foundation...
#KURU

What? Do you need more money? More kids? What?
Oh great Lord of the flys which way did the money flow
Everyone check for their wallets, watches, purses & valuables when you leave-Clintons steal anything that’s not bolted down. Especially when in 3rd world countries like Haiti. Research. They don’t do charity, unless you count themselves & their cronies who rape the system. #MAGA
Another Haiti Disaster ! CF funds must be drying up 
Hide your children the Clintons are coming
Are you going to help them like you did Haiti ? Hold on to your wallets and hide your children Clinton's are at it again oh yeah don't plan on anything getting done.
You love the virgin islands, Little Saint James is your favorite place to fuck virgin children. You are fully exposed
How many orphans can you bag?
If your wife would have just tapped Bernie for her VP versus her ego we wouldn’t be in this mess. Why didn’t you stop that homogenous VP choice?!! Here we are ensuring that are poor education system is even more pronounced by the trump in office. What’s next?!!
Agregale a mexico  v
Good luck with your efforts Bill, they can really use the support.

Nice, now you plan to steal from them as well....all in the name of charity I am sure.
Really cool that you were with Bro and Sis Mangun for Easter. Prayers for you and your family. I remember life was good when you were president
"The Government Accountability Office found poor planning and unsustainable outcomes for taxpayer-funded projects through USAID, such as a $170 million power plant and port for the Caracol Industrial Park, which the Clinton Foundation promoted." Washington Post 6/13/2016
Are these the same islands you party on with your friend Jeffery Epstein, the convicted PEDOPHILE?
THEY HAD IT IN CONTROL AT ONE TIME NOW IT'S GETTING CRAZY AGAIN 
CHECK OUT THE INTERNET CAUSE A LOT OF IDENTITY THEFT OUT THERE 
Or use some if that Haiti money to help out?? No?
I wouldn’t mess with Haiti after you and Killary screwed them over. Hey stay away from young girls on that island.
@BillClinton:  How can I help?
What have you found another tragedy to exploit and steal money from? Have you returned the Haitian Relief Fund money yet? I would have thought donors would have learned their lessons in trusting you and Hillary with charitable donations by now. You can't fix STUPID I guess.
Congrats on all you do President Bill
Hey why don't you donate some of that Clinton Foundation money to Puerto Rico isn't that what you're supposed to be raising money to do to help people? And I don't mean go over and assess the situation I mean send them cold hard cash
Like you helped the Haitians?
Are there Gold mining permits to be had for your family here as well as Haiti?
Remember Haiti
More countries to rape and pillage
There

Sorry Bill. American CITIZENS have our own bills, Bill, to pay. Put this donation request on your fat cat friends
Are you going to save them like you did in Haiti? You are a crook.
To the people of Puerto Rico beware @BillClinton and the rest of the #PEDOs are coming your way
@HillaryClinton office has a plaque on the wall. @BillClinton
I get to clean @BillClinton 's  old office at @UArkansas every night now.
What about the children on Epstein Island?
So what is the plan now Bill? Going to set up another PHONY CHARITY CLINTON FOUNDATION and rip off the poor people of Puerto Rico just like you did in Haiti??

Great, President.
Bye
You know bill you just goto like a woman that trys a good cigar
Yeap...old same way to find campaign funding using the suffering of others.
We know your on Epstein Island in the Virgin Islands. Careful of the tunnels below!
Chumming for money.   So sad
@DuncanRelief has proven efficient and immediate supply chain of basic needs at USVI.  Please recognize and partner.  Thank you.
Thank you for keeping PR in the news. I have friends with family in Puerto Rico.
I'm currently making about $400 a month and I can't contribute anything right now.  Rough times.  But I will pray that others can donate time, money or supplies for our brothers and sisters in the islands.  They so need more help.
-live in comfort.
For the love of god stay away!
What color is her dress Bill?  That's all this country wants to hear from, you.
You mean the places the current administration is ignoring? Thank you President @BillClinton ! Miss you in office!
President Clinton. Help us save our democracy from @realDonaldTrump 

There must be more we can do!
Did you have sexual relations Bill?
