Why is Jesus at McDonald's?
Actually he's in a tomb somewhere in the middle east :>
Wrongo bongo.    His body and soul rose to heaven.

Quite possibly the most ironic tweet ever :>
Thank you for signing legislation banning assault weapons.

Your presidency is underrated and underappreciated.
His economy was arguably the best this country has ever seen
LOL... you are absolutely clueless.
I don't understand why there were no marches or protests for all the murders in Chicago for years.  Many children were killed by criminals every week.  So sad this went ignored by Obama Administration.
Typical Democrat response..name calling.
Rude and has nothing to do with the conversation
Ridiculous--this is why people can't have good conversations about differences
I would love to have an intellectual conversation with a conservative Trump supporter, but the second I say I'm a liberal, the curse words and disparaging comments come out.
That’s funny because I find the exact opposite to be true. I’ve been called stupid and a racist so many times for voting for Trump, I have lost count.


The election is over, no collusion was found! We will #MAGA losers! 
Mueller is coming

Why don't you ask his parents who are suing Fox and Hannity over this bullcrap
You are no longer relevant.
Then why does Fox News constantly talk about the Clintons?
Wasn't talking about Trump and Roy Moore. I asked if he's no longer relevant, why still talk about him? You can't have it both ways

Americans have a right to protest and to be heard.  People like you think we should all just mind our own business and let politicians do whatever they want.  Where has it gotten us?  17 dead kids in Parkland.

So keep your right-wing garbage to yourself.  The rest of will resist

Hoe did that work in that safe Republican Pennsylvaniai district?  Trump won by 20 points?  Lost the election... The GOP is gonna get HAMMERED in November.

But you have fun with your meme ;-)

Remember we have the guns!
We miss you Mr President& @BarackObama  lets work on third term clauses for LITERATE presidents& ones not appointed by Putin, aint that right @realDonaldTrump ?

I am? When POTUS' own party tells him2act on Russia after they hacked our electric grid(fact, I know facts are a foreign concept when you get your news from Fux News)&all POTUS did was drop to his knees for Putin while mouth breathers like you support him? Na idiot applies to yoi
When you call for third terms for hacks like Obama and Clinton you’re the problem. The Democratic Party has you drinking out of the palm of their hands. Who do you listen too, CNN?
I dont watch CNN. See now youre just regurgitating Trumps talking points. Answer me an honest question and I will return the favor dont you think with our electric grid hacked Trump should condemn and act on Russia and Putin by name?
I mean you assumed that I watched Fox News, so it isn’t out the ordinary that you drink the CNN kool aid. I’m honestly surprised that the left continues to hold onto this Russia thing. What about the voter fraud perpetrated by the left and the democrats?
There is zero proof, please stop listening to breitbart ( if you dont I apologize) youre on the wrong side of history man. 2020 as long as trump is out I will blare "tomorrow "
By fleetwood whether its warren sanders harris biden. Hes a despicable person I hope in time u see that
I’m sorry, but Trump is way above all of those candidates you listed. If the Democratic Party wants to win in 2020 they need to do wayyyy better.
Each person have right to own a gun for the protection of himself.
Yes they do not but not a weapon of war
What's a legal weapon of war to you? Most murders are committed by legal handguns. Are you saying that there are Americans out there usings missiles and tanks??
Don't be dense
You know what Bill? Shut the fuck up. And your wife too. Go home. Stay out of it. You had your chance. Your wife had hers. Let the Kids have theirs. They don’t need you.
Yeah!  And stop showing up on documentaries about jazz musicians!
Hate to bring up ancient history, but can’t help but wonder if Bush hadn’t let the assault weapons ban you put in place lapse,  Would we be in the predicament we are now?
#ClintonCrimeFamily #ClintonCrimeFoundation #ClintonBodyCount #ClintonMurders #Haiti #Benghazi #Chinagate #Watergate #Filegate #Whitewater #ChildTrafficking #MoneyLaundering #Pizzagate  ETC
And the gun Foster supposedly used, was made of 2 different guns with two different serial numbers !  Please explain that one liberal democRATS !
You people are crazy
Your Tweets are digital performance.  Yeah...I will take you seriously.
So why didn’t you do it Bill ?
He DID! He's the one that signed the last gun bill banning AW's.
So if he fixed it why’s there still a problem ?
Huh!? The GOP would not renew it. He was already out of office. Try to keep up.
We’ve had Obama since Why didn’t he fix it ?
G.W. BUSH let the assault weapons ban expire. And are you seriously asking why Obama did nothing on gun control? Here's  the answer. A REPUBLICAN CONTROLLED CONGRESS THAT SAID NO TO EVERYTHING!!!! Or did you miss that? You really should educate yourself and try to keep up.
Blaming Repubs for Bary's failures ?  hahaha
Bary FUNDED & TRAINED & GIVE WEAPONS to isss terrorrists !
In what country is this LEGAL ?
Go google it.  I will wait.
In no country is it LEGAL to Aid & ABET TERRORRISTS !
Here's your participation 
I don't read conspiracy theories, I'll leave that up to the uneducated, gullible followers such as yourself.
Miss you Mr President
Jeez didn't know you hated Trump that much. @TRUMPEDu2
Said like a TRUE President, unlike that POS that is sucking the oxygen out of the American people today! Thank you sir and God Bless you!


They'll care when the kids he raped come forward....tick tock.
Been almost 50 years since he got shot. If he were here today, he'd be impressed with how many people walked together, as brothers and sisters, today, like he watched, in '63. 

#MarchForOurLives
You should just be quiet !
So what - we can listen to Trump?  Are you looking forward to hearing how stormy and him had sex during his marriage?  Oh that is right...you will point fingers at bill...but Trump gets a pass...
Well anytime you and Hillary want to do the right thing and turn your selves in for your 40 year crime spree feel free. After all it's never too late to do the right thing.

Bill, it's time for you and Hillary to not say a word especially about guns and/or children's safety. You have been exposed, so stop trying to put yourself on a pedestal. One can be patient with stupidity but not with those who are proud of it, you have surpassed that.
Pretty sure this was Orchestrated by one of your Fascist groups....dont think a handful of students can get access to the amount of money it takes for over 30 unmarked charter busses
But you know it's all about the children's safety and no one is trying to take our guns away.

Get those inspiring kids to quit bullying each other & the school shootings would cease
Hogg says he went to HS with FL. killer Cruz.
Why didn't Hogg STOP his classmates from bullying Cruz ?
Its starting to sound like Hogg is a FRAUD !
Esp. when the sheriff's deputys refused to enter the HS !
And the LEO's who did ENTER the HS were suspended !
Do you still rape females??
Given the chance, he would.    That’s a serial behavior.
Hey! Its a President encouraging the kids! Well whadda ya know? Some presidents actually know what TRUE leadership is.
Yeah, he led one under the oval office desk once.
If that's the best Twitter you've got!  Delete your account n #Retire
It was enough to generate a butthurt response out of you now wasn't it.

Why didn’t you and Barack end it when you held office?
He is not president now.. The so called president is an orange shitgibbon.

Sorry Bill, you’re not getting the guns from Americans!! I’m sure these kids have armed security to protect them while they march to take them away.
Yes, there was an armed police presence
So if the "time is always right to do what is right" I assume you will be giving up your lifetime of armed secret service right?

http://www.bnd.com/living/liv-columns-blogs/answer-man/article101538627.html …
Thank you, Mr. President.

Sadly, nothing they’re advocating will change criminal behavior.
Time to lock you and that —-t your married to up

You were president for 8 years, it should have been done when you were president. Also you accepted China to join WTO, now all issues come to Trump president.  Go Trump.

Lrt me tell you? something Laura, I'm a highly decorated combat veteran don't you dare think you have the thigh to call me names. Bill Clinton is not the president.. Haiti has nothing do. With anything to do with today.
If you believed anything MLK said, you’d have turned yourself in for Juanita Broaddrick’s rape.
You believe Trump :>
What that he’s had side ass? Sorry Nathan, raping a woman leaving her with a busted lip isn’t consensual. That’s the problem, the lines in the sand of morality were already crossed.
You’re literally a proven rapist
So he was convicted?  Served time?
I said proven, as in through objective facts. Not indicted!
Exactly...you have demonstrated nothing that is admissible in a court of law.  Regarding SERIOUS criminal accusations that is the litmus test.  You fail.
So you’re saying any crime that wasn’t proven in a court of law never happened? Especially at the highest levels of government?
I am saying if there was evidence...of RAPE...a serious CRIME...he would be brought up on charges.  Now this is where you explain how he gets away with it...
We know you like 'em young. Maybe you could give some a ride on Air F*ck One
How does "demanding an end to gun violence" end gun violence?

(and can I organize to end snowstorms? Tired of shoveling)
Hey bill anybody under your desk
Brand ass new bot!

Once a capo,always a capo !
BILL, can I call you Bill, Mr. PRESIDENT. These KIDS are DOWNRIGHT PRESIDENTIAL! When an 11yr old #NaomiWadler is MORE EDUCATED, PROFESSIONAL, ARTICULATE than the IDIOT45 in COVFEFE. AMERICA NEEDS 2 WAKE UP!!!!
#MarchForOurLives 
#NeverAgain
From our local NC march
Then I guess what would “be right” is for you and your criminal family to turn yourselves in for the atrocities you’ve committed
What would be right is you getting a life already. Move on man. Republican led committees found no criminal wrong doing. If they had there would have been a trial already. Use logic and common sense already.
Lol aren’t you from the party still investigating “collusion” that still after 14 months has found nothing? So why don’t you take your own advice and move on? Better yet, go get a life
First off I don't belong to a party. It's Robert Mueller that is investigating collusion. He's a Republican. The person that appointed him is a Republican as well, & appointed by trump. Noone knows all of what he's found. Except 4 people in Trump campaign/cabinet pleading guilty.
Where do you get your news from, the back of a cereal box? Everything you just said was fake/false news. Obviously you have no idea what you’re talking about and it just goes to show how inept you really are #fail
Says Who? Donald Trump and foxnews? Answer the question yourself. Who appointed Robert Mueller to investigate?
Rapist
Mlk would not be for disarming black men he had dozens of armed body guards who were nra members with conceked carry permits
When will the Clintons do the right thing by returning Haiti's stolen earthquake relief?
why are you not in jail yet?
You wre more convincing when you told us "I never had sex with that woman ... Miss Lewinsky."

Which is to say, not at all.

Hey Bill! Did you get rid of your armed body guards yet?

#stfu 
#2a

PS I never voted for you

You had 8 years to do something Bill, instead you chased women.
Bill Clinton and Barack Obama were in the White House for a total of 16 years and did nothing to prevent the issues we are facing today but their liberal allies want to blame President Trump and the GOP? #POTUS #TRUMP #MarchForOurLives #NRA
You're the father of the North Korean nuclear weapons program.
Crawl back in your hole
Who is responsible for America's children?, their parents and the schools. Feminism is at the root because feminism destroys families. Are universities politicize the student who become teachers. Guns are not the problem..
I think it is time for you and President Obama get reconnected with the citizens of this country! Radio show, TV show! Don't leave this country like this! Help

I signed up, thank you @ChrisMurphyCT helping me decide
I have the distinct feeling if you were still President you would have been side-by-side with those kids as someone should have been.
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump 
Who exactly are YOU to be talking about the "right thing"? Don't insult Martin Luther King Jr. with your blather, rapist. #AskingForAFriend #MAGA #HisNameWasSethRich #Qanon #WhereAreAllTheBodies #Disgraceful #Shame #SlickWilly #MonicaWentDown #KAGA2018
Thanks, Dear Bill. This was my favorite pic from today’s March in Tucson, Arizona, of my friend Kelly and “Nana”. Xo #Marchforourlives

@realDonaldTrump #COWARD @GOP @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr Today haven't heard one Word from the Corrupt Complicit REPUBLICANS, Except @marcorubio and We all know he's a #NraWhore Opinion means Nothing
Coming from a guy who lied under oath.....stop already....your part of the problem
 I forgot what a high bar @RealDonad_Trump sets for telling the truth   

There is so much hypocrisy in this it's astounding.

Bill weren't you president for the Columbine massacre? Sounds like it is just the cool thing to do now bud.
Never let a tragedy go to waste. I notice when the democrats are in trouble, we have another mass shooting. Coincidence?
How many surround you to keep you safe with guns. How about the women you violated have you apologized.
That right! Placed armed guards on school grounds.  It has worked already.
I have a difficult time even using the word
right:/ Times they are changing!! WE ARE THE MAJORITY & WE WLL MUST VOTE!
EVERY VOTE COUNTS! VOTE BLUE FOR ALL THE PEOPLE! YES WE CAN:)
This time is right for the Clintons to go away, for life, in jail. An impeached, lying, womanizing ex-potus & his lying, cheating, scheming, couldnt even win a rigged in her favor election, wife who should have left U decades ago for cheating on her, have Zero influence any more
Yep....just like your wife did the right thing in Benghazi...and waiting was not the answer...but what difference, at this point, does it matter.  #LockHerUp
Too bad your wife is a creep and a sore loser... #YouAreBothAbusersOfWomen
Juanita Broderick.
"demand an end to gun violence"

I hope the guns are listening.
So you gave up your security detail?
LOL. Considering they got $300.00 just to march (and hang out with their buds)! > they just think of it as a fun way to get more free stuff! Most of them don't have a clue, and don't care -
Yeah, burn that Constitution Bill! Here is sound advice: Divorce that harpy of a woman your married to and then tell us how you really feel! You just may regain a lot of the respect you have lost! Sorry to break it to you but your wife...she's EVIL and probably demon possessed!
you're so right! I wish I had a computer for looking up things, because I remember an interview "Bill" did, where he said, "she's been working like a demon". I can't remember who gave the interview. Would someone try to find it? It was post presidency, Clinton foundation?
Shhhhhh!!!!???+++
rapist
@BillClinton wouldn't know what "right" is even if he beat him over the head.
So says #RapistBillClinton
And how much did some globalist stuff in your pockets Billy?? You nor these sheep on the street are fighting for the freedoms our constitution has give us. Billy you want all the freedom and  the money Billy. You and Hilly.
Actually these two won't 100% CONTROL of EVERY ONE & EVERY THING !
sorrros will keep on funding them until the US is destroyed !
“I did not have sexual relations with that woman”.  Your words mean nothing....

I’m ashamed of you Bill, may God have mercy on your soul !  Gitmo bound baby  no deals!
@BillClinton
#RachelChandler
15
Jeffrey Epstein
Lolita Express
#ChildTrafficking #HumanTrafficking #NXIVM #Pizzagate #PedoGateNews #TickTock #Gitmo #Wikileaks #MAGA #WWG1WGA #qanon 

#DearDonaldJTrump
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump 
#LockThemAllUp
OMG Bam Snap Bug Badda Boom
Happy April Fool’s Day! 
YEAH SO EVERYBODY EXERCISE YOUR #2ndAmendment RIGHTS & FIND THE BEST DEALS!!!!
... Says a man protected by armed guards ...
Rape any intern today, billy?
Who’s marching for Seth’s death?  The Clinton cartel has killed more people than in the school shooting.  Let’s get out & march Bill!
How do you demand an end to gun violence???  To whom do you give this directive?  You know that you're too smart to mean this.
Agree Mr Clinton. So let’s do what’s right...

1. The Constitution guarantees our right to bear arms

2. You saw hundreds of thousands of people wanting gun regulation-1/2 of which were children. We have MILLIONS of lic gun owners of voting age. Guess we win the vote.

Game Over

Another triumph of intellectualism by a liberal! You know, if everyone was this intelligent, I might be against gun ownership too. I might even be against sharp kitchen utensils. Thank goodness there are already laws in place to keep those with IQs<85 from purchasing weapons
#SlickWilly then you should've been incarcerated decades ago on rape charges.  #JuanitaBroderick


"The time is always right to do what is right.”
Amazing how you have the audacity to even comment on something these days #MeToo
Why don't we start in Chicago with stopping gun violence, deadliest city in the US
Martin Luther King Jr. carried guns for his and his family's protection. He even applied for a concealed carry permit in 1956.
Millions will watch you go to jail 
Give the money to the Haitians! Or have you blown it all already?
Bill GIVE UP your guns and your ARMED protectors !
Live like 99% of American's do !
BTW, how many women did you sexually assault that had no way of defending themselves because you had ARMED Security around you ?
Ironic.   You think enough of MLK Jr’s quote to use it, but not enough to put it into practice.
Ironic you have no brains
Funded by George Soros as usual #MarchForOurLives #GunControlNow
thank you President Clinton can’t you be our president again? This has probably enraged the dotard into war this is getting really scary!
@BillClinton are you afraid to to share a cell with @HillaryClinton or @BarackObama ??

lmao, "a picture is worth a billion words"
Any potential humidors in the crowd?
I think all the Obama’s and Clinton’s pictures and anything relating to them should be wiped out of the WH! They sold our country, they committed treason, they have murdered, raped, stole, and the list goes on. They are a embarrassment to our country! @realDonaldTrump
You are not qualified to state what is right or not right. Your life is nothing but wrong.
Any word on @HillaryClinton or @BarackObama ????
I have been saying that for years!
Yet you and that witch you married are still not in prison....but it isn't too late.
Those kids were sent on an all expense paid vacation, where they could meet their idols and maybe get their face on TV.
How very noble....
Hey Bill,
#MolonLabe
I’m pretty sure Christian men don’t speak this way. Change your bio.
Hmmm...parade out kids who speak for adults.
Parade out a few ex military who claim to hate guns.
Parade out Pelosi who claims to be Catholic and supports abortion....
I fail to see why you cannot comprehend a Catholic who speaks out bluntly.
Go change your diaper.
Again. Name calling is not Christian. If you are Catholic, I doubt the pope would approve.
What THIS Pope approves of no longer concerns me or most other Catholics, but the far left sure love him.
And name calling is not wrong OR a sin when it is true
 yessss it's time. Fear has no place in schools. 

That should be a given
So you are in FAVOR of putting ARMED Security at Public Schools !
That's awesome !
Give them all AR-15's and .45 ACPS and school shootings will STOP !
Unless they are from Coward County, FL. who won't enter a school !!!
If you are not a Russian bot i don't know what you understood about my tweet.

I'm against guns, no guns, let alone guns for mass murdering. The data speaks for itself, the countries that banned guns don't have gun violence.

Snazzy as always!


very scary Donald, but true. Lets lay out the " crumbs" back to Arkansas by the Clinton's___felonies never spoken of, let alone charged to the Clinton machine of "high crimes & misdemeanors"!! Fraud, murder, theft, murder, rape, murder, sexual perversion, murder....

Wow..What a turnout..Millions around the world too, not just in US. Only continent without demonstrations was antartica.. Stop the gun violence. Stop Trump. #Impeachtrump
#RealPOTUS

WHEN have you and Hillary EVER done the right thing? I'm waiting.
Yeah. We really knew the time was right to send gangsta mommi packing in November 2016.
Bill, So sorry about your wife's upcoming appointment to #gitmo

#GreatAwakening
Thank you President Clinton
Well Mr. President you had your 8 years to do something, my guess it wasn't a priority for you either, just more mouthwash from elected do nothings.
Why didn’t you do more to control guns when you were president?
2 Will be taken 3 will be shaken.
MENE MENE TEKEL UPHARSIN
Thanks people really care about your opinion. Such a role model.
The Clinton-Silsby Trafficking Scandal And How The Media Covered It Up https://disobedientmedia.com/2017/01/the-clinton-silsby-trafficking-scandal-and-how-the-media-covered-it-up/ … … via @DisobedientNews
You saw nothing but what you were told to see,  gun violence is committed by liberals and I challenge you to prove otherwise
Good.  It’s time your wife goes to jail.
Many were paid Protestors. 
Ad paid $300, plus transportation in buses.
Sure Bill. We can ask Juanita Broaddrick about “....right to do what’s right.”
Don't bring MLK, Jr into this!! These marches were formed by the libs and media to push gun control. MLK, Jr didn't need the media. His message was strong on its own and people listened.
Because of you kids think Oral SEx is not Sex. You Are not a leader! You are a rapist, pedophile. Lolita express Demon ! You will meet your maker soon enough, but you will rot in #Gitmo first.
Bill, shut the hell up, and go to Luby's like the other old people.
Who’s marching for these 4 men that your wife had murdered Bill?  Let’s march for them.
You do realize if Democrats would stop shooting people gun violence would drop by 95%
By the way...those guns you speak of are the same ones your security detail carry...fraud
Seth Rich was unavailable for comment.
Yes it is the time to expose the world to YOUR lies...and to protect the 2nd amendment from your Socialist Fascism
@charlesortel does a talk show about you and your fake foundation every sunday. he provides documents from your own website to show the incredible fraud. we think the FBI is investigating you and the biggest money laundering scam in US history. you should keep a low profile
Your a Idiot
Went to the Portrait Gallery and saw your portrait today. Very unique. Liked it.
Thank you President Clinton also you awarded Marjorie Stoneman Douglas The Presidential Medal of Freedom. Fla will be forever grateful!
#GITMO #LolitaExpress #PayForPlay #Treason #QAnon  #TheStormHasArrived
You & your Soros lemmings inspired me to donate today the NRA. Without the 2nd Amendment, there is no 1st  Amendment. #freedom #2A #NRA
I would have framed it differently: they’re marching for gun control
Hitler youth????
WERE SICK OF HEARING FROM YOU CORRUPT BASTARDS. TAKE YOUR MONEY AND GO. WHY DO YOU NEED MORE? WHEN WILL IT EVER BE ENOUGH? WHAT IS WITH YOU CLOWNS?
Yes, Bill, the time was always right to do what was right. Ironically, you missed that.
Loved this today .
Love getting posts from you in these trying times. #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
#MarchForOurLives Hitler Youth
A proud day for America. #MarchForOurLivesRaleigh

Listen ahole, you and your C wife need to take your blood money and move it offshore, then retire somewhere where law enforcement cant find you and GET OUT OF OUR LIVES ONCE AND FOR ALL UFPOS FUUGDMFAH
#FUBILL
Please retweet with the correct number: it was MILLIONS!!

Thanks for your support.
“The time is always right to do what is right.” Really? Really? Bill Clinton, your time is now, to do what is right. Bet that won’t happen.
I worked for you in 1998 in the Legislative Affairs dept, Senate side,  as an intern. Your wise words inspire and empower us everyday Mr. President. Thank you for supporting the students fighting for justice via peaceful methods.
Please say no to drugs.
And everyone should recall President Clinton’s 1994 Assault Weapons Ban which was massively successful but was allowed to expire under his successor, as we learn more about the assault weapons ban currently before the House and Senate! Both have ZERO GOP support!
I didn’t hear a peep about the Maryland tragedy today! CRICKETS. If this was about solutions it’s an odd way of showing it. Oh did you hear about the peaceful STUDENT MARCH IN SUPPORT OF THE SECOND AMMENDMENT THAT WAS SHUTDOWN DOWN BY A LIBERAL SCHOOL-BOARD! Free speech...NOT
It's interesting that that a man that got impeached because he couldn't keep his gun in his pants would all of a sudden be against gun violence.
LIBTARDS ALERT!

@POTUS the @realDonaldTrump & #Qanon are leading us to #TheGreatAwakening.  #MAGA
So you rape a women?
Don’t steal other people lines Bill. I know it’s hard when your not so intelligent and corrupt.
I know big Bill sure is happy Hillary ain't president
U r so right Mr President Clinton.
I agree, let's increase security in schools and let people protect themselves.
