It seems that Bill Clinton was better than the rest of the US presidents
“Would you like a gently used cigar loser.”?  
UGH lol
Think of all the women you've had a negative impact on Billy.
Think of all the women who rejected you, Tommy.
I like your use of the #metoo hashtag, standing in solidarity with all of the women Billy has assaulted.
ALL of his wives---as in three. 5 kids by 3 women, and now it will come out that he is his former housekeeper's baby daddy.
Who. Tom? Lol
Sharon did you get this? I think my phone stopped working could you please reply.
Question : what does a political writer and Democratic Director have to do for a follow ?
Jackie would be appalled at the money that was supposed to rebuild Haiti disappearing.
Was it out of the same fund as the border wall? 
Not funny. The Clintons took in 27 million for Haiti in donations and it disappeared. Haitians are still poor and homeless.
What is your source?
Hopefully, not just the internet.
Can you come back??   We miss you??
Because yeah we need another liar that can't keep his dick in his pants in the White House. Clinton is a liar, and only him and God know the extent of the horrible things he's done. They even stole ART and SILVERWARE from the White House. Disgusting.
U don't have  respect  for  kinds men...show some  respect...
Kainos Ablom was The Phenomenon. He alone could boast of having subdued not only an entire dimension, but also of keeping its galaxies in a technological state unprecedented.. https://www.amazon.com/dp/1490924019  Offer it 2 a child/teen. Theyll love it. RekomendSponsorPlz @ChrisEvans @CNN
What?
Legacy of breaking barriers continues to impact and inspire
Years and a balanced budget.  I am sorry Twitter has become such a vehicle for hate. I made many mistakes. In my life and if Hillary forgave you it is none of these others to judge. Thank you for being the best president and doing so much to help our country.  Bless you
Here's to you Mrs. Robinson&Joe DiMaggio,Jesus loves you more than you know:I killed Satan,its like Marilyn Monroe&The Garden Of Eden,John Cougar,John Deere,John 3:16,JFK! @Yankees @keithurban23101 @MarilynMonroeDC
Quite true Bill. We see your impact here in Tanzania through the Clinton Foundation. Thanks and keep it up !!!
How’s the #ClintonFoundation working out for you #Bill  Remember #HumansHaveRights too
Sir. Can you help me go to American with eb3 please. My name is nguyên. i am in Vietnam. My phone is number. +84 01292439463. Email. nguyen1987nguyen@yahoo.com
01292439463nguyen@gmail.com. 
Please. Sir.
Life always is important, just dependent How you develop it.

That’s where you are going.
Is that supposed to mean something, lackwit?
Nup. You understand what triggering means, right?
Clearly you don’t. Dimwit.
It depends on how the impact is carried out
Dope!
HI

Classy sentiment from one of our best presidents.
.
You spelled “worst” wrong..
That would be Trump.
Is there any way you could keep that psychotic woman of yours locked up in a padded room somewhere? The poor thing has lost her mind.

A padded cell will also work!
He broke barriers. You broke laws.
Are u going to run for President again?
He can’t.
Oh
Bot.
you bot without face,life


He is such a legend and enjoyed playing baseball, and not getting caught up in the race relations that had such an impact on our nation in those days.
Ole slick willy
Yes Sir, life without impact is meaningless.
You are aware your wife should be in prison bill,
You might have been better if sticking with Monica,
Peace out
You chased Mobutu, brought Kabila & rebels in DR Congo then killed Kabila again until today no peace; from your bad international policies millions of people are still daying in Congo, families being devised and children left orphans by the war you have created, women being raped
Indeed Jack was Legendary. Thanks, @BillClinton for such great insights.
You and yoir wife are assclowns.
what are we doing to meet our Paris climate agreement obligations? I hear it wasn't tuf enuf, what is the plan?
Very true. Sadly not everyone agrees with this vision. @BillClinton when are you coming to @Australia for a talk?

Thank you for your eloquence....so appreciated esp right now! Love Jackie Robinson....and his mission.
Thank you for remaining the good teacher that I like most in American.
Thank you Mr. President!
#TIMEPHONEHACK #TIMEPHONEHACK #TIMEPHONEHACK #TIMEPHONEHACK
#TIMEPHONEHACK #TIMEPHONEHACK #TIMEPHONEHACK #TIMEPHONEHACK
You were a truly great leader! You're sorely missed
I’m single and searching for responsible man
#42
See bill that is a good family, so stop banging fat girls

Thanks for the great quote, Bill. Jackie Robinson was a great ball  player, and a very memorable human being. Stay healthy, and happy, Bill!
Speaking of impact, Haiti is still looking for the $$$ you stole from them
Great
How was your relationship with Monica Lewinsky?
Get used to wearing orange dude!
Hello how was been your day
You used slave labor while you were governor of Arkansas.
Thank you for your impact and Mrs. Clinton, Sir! Shout out to my Brother from Wedington Woods!!!
What happened w/this ya old goat? 
There is ZERO REASON why a former PRESIDENT would FLY to pedo Island several times and ditch secret service...what happened? You use Clinton Fund "donations" to hush ppl up? Why was sleeze @chelseahandler at a party
Well said Mr. President
Am I the only one who read this in Bill’s voice?
Really sir u r great.
#Creep #PedoCrat #Cannibal
GM Kimberly Young am deaf half hearing would like support black white learning up future ahead helpful never jobs now you thank God you
Thank you for reminding us of the great Jackie Robinson and the way he changed our world as we know it.  I am so sorry Hillary had the election stolen from her by the lieing megalomaniac.  I believe he will be a one term president.  I would like to thank you for the best eight
Mr President thank you for your dedication to service of humanity
https://www.facebook.com/DonsWorld/posts/10156322781220909 …
Thank you for seeing all citizens as equals
Thank you Mr. President.
Thank you! God bless WJCF!!Truth is the meaning of life which I have!!!I love my family!!!!
Beautiful quote!
"IF" @BillClinton had a son, would he be https://m.facebook.com/Danneywilliam/  @HillaryClinton @ChelseaClinton @davidaxelrod 
Jackie’s quote is also my definition of success. God Bless.
Went with my friend Jackie Robinson to a game celebrating his namesake.
Great piece
GOOD MORNING AMEN I LOVE YOU ALL GOD BLESS AMEN
I VOTED FOR YOU AND TRUMP... SORRY JUST COULDNT VOTE FOR HILLARY ...
Merci Monsieur Bill
Amen
Bill Clinton’s cheated on his wife more than John terry, fuck you Bill
http://cartoonistpk.blogspot.com/2018/04/3rd-world-war.html?spref=tw …


How are you???
Hii
Welcome.
One almost forgets how dignified American Presidents statements can be . How did we get to where we are today and half of America think that’s ok
Absolutely Mr. President! Thank you for reminding us what Presidential remarks look like.
Hello Mr. President. Can we still call you that? Well, just thought I would say hey and take care and have a great week. 
Thank you President Clinton for your insightful views. We all wish you were President now
It would be great if people rose above ad hominem attacks and focused on the substance of tweets such as yours reminding us about Jackie Robinson's legacy. Thank you
...this is making life' others lives!
GOOD MORNING RAPIST CLINTON
Hello President Clinton. A life without love has no meaning.

Every life is important ... some more than others.
hsgshdj
how many lives have you really impacted #ClintonBodyCount

Thank you former POTUS  Clinton for the recognition. All trolls please stick to to the subject of the tweet. Let me know if you need help in following.
Thank you, Mr. President. I needed to be reminded of this special American and his contribution to our society.
Said eloquently
Rapist


James Comey better hope that there are no "tapes" of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press!
SIR 
GOOD morning 
Kya AAP 
Mukeshyadav89155@gmail.com 
KE vicharon SE 
Salamat Hain.
Pls
MERE vicharon 
PAR gaur KARO. 
Ghootan Ki jindagi SE MAI tang HO GAYA HOO. 
JAI BHARAT
Ever think about how raping and demeaning women impacts their lives? Spare us, please!


Good morning sir, I'm an importer of Poultry Equipments and Machines in Nigeria and wish to travel to the united States of America, please help me on this to get my visa sir. Adegbuyi
We all do mr President
Dear President Clinton, I respect you for all your efforts to make a difference in all our lives. I am glad you still have an impact in our world. I am so sorry Secretary Clinton was not able to win the 2016 election. She is an amazing woman with encouraging skills.
Mr. President, 
Please keep up with the government “happenings “ in Kentucky!!!! Our Governor is OFF the charts!! 
“United We Stand, (state workers) Divided We Fall( our state Government)...
Thank you!!!!
#Jackie Robinson Day - love that all players wear #42! One small way to pay their respects! 
Well said Mr. President.
Bla
Bla
Bla
Just stop 


Went to Shea Stadium to see you speak on the anniversary in 1997 - great speech and moment for you Mr. President 
And the progress of change they personally brought into the local area of where he or she may live. If i may add that Mr.Clinton.
Rogelio nieto García Imágenes de amor para celulares
Loved watching all the #42's on the ballfields today.  I especially loved seeing the 42's at Fenway as the Red Sox won over Baltimore 3-1. 
Wicked good start at 13-2!  Keep it up, Sox !!! 
It's was a honor for you to serve our country Mr President..
How dare you even mention his name you are a child rapists and scum Jackie Robinson was an American hero never mention his name again scum
Jackie was good at hitting and stealing bases. You are great at stealing bases!
Get ready for full disclosure. Nowhere to hide, Clintons.
Guess what? We CAN find out what happened on that tarmac. And now everybody will know. No secrets. Clintons can't hide from this.
Being the first of anything ain't easy #remembertheirlegacy
Wise words and good examples of integrated sports and socioty
Tarmac. Lynch. Supreme Court promise. Clear HRC.
Ditto!
Simply stated and well said!
Just prayed for you! You are still redeemable
So true. We need more inspiring people to lead the next generation. Thank you for all your work on behalf of Americans as president and your foundations work for the global good. #JackieRobinson #leadership #americans
Like your impact on all those women you assaulted?
#Bill Clinton@Bill Clinton
#Bill Clinton
The way he conducted himself as the first of his race to break the color barrier in baseball, speaks volumes. He had to keep his composure and not react to the racist vitriol being thrown at him every time he took the field. "Here's to you Mr. Robinson".

How many brownie points did you get for that Bill?
Did Sen William Fulbright, your mentor, teach you to be respectful to African Americans? Don’t think so.
Mr President, you may not remember me and our son Rory. I will never forget the impact you had on Rory and my family when he was sick. "He that gives should not remember, he that receives should never forget."
(The Talmud). I will never forget your support and kindness.
Hi there Mr. Clinton! Good seeing you here on Twitter...tho I'm pretty sure you'll never see this. How you doing? Please, if you don't mind, ask Hillary to come back to us. We're still with her, & waiting for her to take her rightful place. Thank you~
A citizen.
Well said Mr. President 
Clintons, what a waste!
He made a difference, he was what America needed.
Mr President bill Clinton you were one of the best President America has had in a very long time. Miss you in office!
Get on your knees and you can pretend he's in the Oval Office again.
Always presidential. God what a great man
I’m sure @realDonaldTrump is asking someone to cut and paste something written about MLK and changing the name to Robinson as we speak
Jack Roosevelt Robinson. Named after another President who was really good for America, and is being redefined by the vast right wing conspiracy, which now apparently includes the Russian mob. A stunning turn of events. Thanks for remembering him, sir.
Thank you Mr. President 
You had an impact on a lot of interns.
You had an impact on a lot of Interns.
Yes so true.
God Bless 42!
#ClintonBodyCount
