Raise your hand if you're excited for our 2019 #PresidentsCup Captains, @TigerWoods & @TheBig_Easy  

See you in @Melbourne! 
Tiger and Bill in the same building? Hide every female that mean something to you.
Not funny
It's not a joke it's a PSA
I'm learning golf as my first swing I knocked out a street post lamp & some guy says hey you'd benefit from a lesson. lol Love the game and I'm old enough now I wouldn't throw my golf clubs around. I can hit that ball straight and far when I hit it. lmao just call me babe.
Sorry Bill you'll be busy... In jail
Dude. No. Don’t get behind Tiger.
You and him both like to piss on hookers don’t you??
#BreakSilenceOnAfrin
There won't be enough hookers in Melbourne.  #BOLO
Your wife is so proud of you
LOLITA EXPRESS LOLITA EXPRESS LOLITA EXPRESS LOLITA EXPRESS LOLITA EXPRESS LOLITA EXPRESS LOLITA EXPRESS LOLITA EXPRESS LOLITA EXPRESS LOLITA EXPRESS LOLITA EXPRESS LOLITA EXPRESS LOLITA EXPRESS LOLITA EXPRESS LOLITA EXPRESS #LOLITAEXPRESS
Bill, I doubt that they will televise golf from Gitmo. #DontDropTheSoap


Q's #MarchMaddness Bracket

Congrats #SlickWillie   You are a #1 seed

#DontDropTheSoap in #Gitmo
It’s amazing Tiger can play with fused vertebrae I’m impressed

Yea you can’t prove that , and I will not take a DNA test because I already know he’s mine said Billy Boy ... Man up Bitch Own It !!  What Difference Does It Make ? The kids got more class then you billy boy !

VINCENT FOSTER VINCENT FOSTER VINCENT FOSTER VINCENT FOSTER VINCENT FOSTER VINCENT FOSTER VINCENT FOSTER VINCENT FOSTER VINCENT FOSTER VINCENT FOSTER VINCENT FOSTER VINCENT FOSTER #VINCENTFOSTER
KEVIN IVES #KEVINIVES  DON HENREY #DONHENREY KEITH CONEY #KEITHCONEY BOONIE BEARDEN #BOONIEBEARDEN KEITH MCKASKLE #KEITHMCKASKLE GREGORY COLLINS #GREGORYCOLLINS JEFF RHODES  #JEFFRHODES RICHARD WINTERS #RICHARDWINTERS JORDAN KETELSON #JORDANKETELSON FAHMY MALAK #FAHMYMALAK

Maybe you should just go ahead and invite #45, bc #44 may just be in Gitmo with your wife.
From one dirty dog to another !

I want in. I’m the president of my little company in shanghai. Truly international. Cheerleader?
Patience. Please stop.
“I did not have sex with that women!”
You forgot the biggest golf fan in #45, who is, NOT YOUR WIFE
The loving God Almighty will let His light shine in your heart to give light of the knowledge of the glory of God in the face of Christ. He will give you success in whatever you do according to His will. In the name of Jesus Christ.
The loving God Almighty will make you and your family happy forever. Your happiness will be like a crown on your heads. Gladness and joy will fill you completely. He will richly bless you and your family blessings that will last forever. In the name of Jesus Christ.
The faithful God Almighty will fill you with a wonderful, inexpressible and glorious joy. The strong love that the Lord All-Powerful has for His children will make good things happen to you and your family. You were bought at a special and precious price. In Jesus Christ's name.
And God gave Solomon wisdom and understanding exceeding much and largeness of heart, even as the sand that is on the sea shore. 1 Kings 4:29 KJV
The loving God Almighty will show you and lavish you and your family with love and mercy. He will cause His perfect goodness to pass by in front of you. He will continue to teach you His ways so that you continue to please Him. In the name of Jesus Christ.
Jesus Christ will arm you with strength and makes your way perfect. He will show you a way of life that is even greater and excellent way. You are the children of His inheritance. An inheritance that can never perish, fade, destroyed or lose its beauty kept in heaven for you.
The faithful God Almighty has in store for you the crown of righteousness which the Lord the righteous Judge will award to you and your family on that day and not only to you but also to all who have loved His appearing. In the name of Jesus Christ.
The good Lord will equip you with everything good for doing His will and He will work in you what is pleasing to Him through Jesus Christ. He will keep your light shining. He will keep your lamp burning. You can do everything through Christ who gives you strength. In Jesus name.
The faithful God Almighty chose you and appointed you to produce fruit-fruit that will last. The unfailing love of the Lord is your comfort. There is nothing that can separate you from God's love. The joy of the Lord is your strength. In the name of Jesus Christ.
The Lord will richly bless the fruit of your womb with all of God's blessings. He is with you. He will take great delight in you. He will quiet you with His love. He will rejoice over you with blessings. He has planned good things for you that no-one can recount. In Jesus name.
For whosoever shall give you a cup of water to drink in my name, because ye belong to Christ, verily I say unto you, he shall not lose his reward. Mark 9:41 KJV
The faithful God Almighty will increase you a thousand times more and bless you as He promised. He will bless the crops of your land, your grain, the calves of your herds, the lambs of your flocks and the chicks of your hen with all of God's blessings. In Jesus Christ's name.
The faithful God Almighty will give you success in everything you do according to His will. He will do exceedingly abundantly above all that you ask or think according to the power that is at work within you. He will enlarge your territory as He promised. In Jesus Christ's name.
The beautiful God Almighty will make you the head, you shall be above only and not beneath. He will bless you when you come in and He will bless you when you go out. He will richly bless you and make you fruitful and increase your numbers. In the name of Jesus Christ.
The faithful God Almighty will grant you abundant prosperity in every area of your life. He will protect you and keep you and your family away from harm and watch over your life. He will bless you in the city and He will bless you in the country. In the name of Jesus Christ.
The faithful Lord will bless all the work of your hands and He will bless everything you put your hands to. He shall supply all your need according to His riches in glory by Christ Jesus. He will strengthen you, help you and uphold you with His righteous right hand. In Jesus name
The gracious God Almighty will give you more than you need so that you will always have all you need for yourselves and more than enough for every good cause. He will teach you what is the best for you and direct the way you should go. In the name of Jesus Christ.
The loving Lord will richly bless you and your family with all of God's blessings. He will fill your house with good things. He will fill your house with His glory. He will give you and your family a happy and good health long life. He will lavish you with His love. In Jesus name
The gracious Lord will give you the desires of your heart and make all your plans succeed according to His will. He will strengthen you with all power according to His glorious might and riches. He will show you and give you His incomparable riches of His grace. In Jesus name.
The faithful God Almighty will give you a wise and discerning heart so that there will never have been anyone like you nor will there ever be. He will make your heart be glad and joyful in His love and He will take care of you. In the name of Jesus Christ.
Lord will lavish you with the riches of His grace and He will lavish you with wisdom, knowledge and understanding. He will give you both riches and honor so that in your lifetime you will have no equal among leaders. He will satisfy your desires with good things. In Jesus name.
The faithful God Almighty is not unjust He will not forget your good work and the love you have shown Him as you have helped His children and continue to help them. He will fulfill all He has planned for you. He will thoroughly equip you for every good work. In Jesus Christ name.
A good family brings good things out of the good stored up in them. You are God's workmanship created in Christ Jesus to do good works which God prepared in advance for you to do. In the name of Jesus Christ.
I want to use this opportunity to thank you for helping me to solve my problems. Thank you for your mercy and favor. Thank you for your lovingkindness. Thank you for what you have done for me. Well done. God and myself appreciates your good work. He will richly reward you.
Thou hast made known to me the ways of life; thou shalt make me full of joy with thy countenance. Acts 2:28 KJV
May the grace of the Lord and the fellowship of the Holy Spirit and love of Christ be with you and your family now and forever. In the name of Jesus Christ.
will you answer me
LOL...maybe #44 will join you in Prison.
@Ian_C_Thomas @Danny_Willett @IanWright0 Where R BritishTigers&Serenas to play #Savethe3Ts #isitok
@alanshearer @vernonkay @antanddec @jamie_murray  @JudyMurray @bbcgetinspired @beckenham @PeoplesMomentum
Mate... you boys are clearly not too familiar with what injuries Kangaroos can inflict. 
Bill your nickname should be The Big Easy! #Monica# No respect
Hey Bill I hear Donald likes to play golf as well 

Whatever you do, don’t invite #45 - absolutely sure to lose.
Thank you! Cant wait to get working on our goal.
Best of luck.
Hide your kids 
Hide your wife
Hide your kangaroos

No really though this is awesome.

#PresidentsCup
Good Morning Mr.President..
Your wife is like Jezabel in the Bible, if you know the Bible at all 4  last days then you know why all this corruption is being exposed, God is using Trump to drain the swamp" which it states that in the Bible" be watchful because it's going to get ugly, it's too bad u drifted
Maybe it's time to bring God back in n your life, your God " Satan has failed you" you let your wife take that away from you & look where you are now. Did u think you can get away from all you done? God will expose corruption in end times! That's why Trump is president!
President Trump, best President in history. Wise up, vote Trump!

https://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_noss_2?url=search-alias%3Dstripbooks&field-keywords=Shanda+Sanders …
Dear Mr Clinton I would ask you if you will also help from the nationalists underachieving pupils in West Belfast we also need help I would be very grateful a concerned parent
Can I join you and #43 & #44 @BarackObama too!
Glad bill isn't 1st lady with hillary as president media lies proves once again she is unfit for office she can't even walk down stairs
That would be nice. A Three Stooges reunion.
Спасибо тебе, батя, за МКС (@ISS_CASIS). Ты спас Россию.
These kids protesting are giving me goose bumps ! Bringing tears to my eyes! They are bold

My mind on your mind fly to the moon then mars ONE
Good south african boytjie
that'd be fun!!!
Hello Sir, pls can I have your email address
Good evening Mr.President..
As long as you leave #45 at home!
Are you ready to eat crow, they should shun you as a perpetrator. The world of golf does not need either of your participation in a gentleman's game.
We don’t want to see either you or hussein at the Presidents cup. And by all means keep your old hag of a wife away—she will scare the children.
https://gujunews.in/with-donald-trump-now-this-to-do-are-going-porn-star/ …

#DonaldTrump  #PornStar,
#Trump
#Donald
Sounds great sir..have a great day
Must be money in it for Willy.
CLINTONS don't do squat unless Cash is tied to it.
Bill; I did not have sex with that woman!
Tiger; I did, 12 of them!
Two great American hero's for our kids to look up to!
America and the British can't do anything.We can rule Turkey from the outside. I think Turkey should definitely enter the European Union. America and all countries should benefit from Turkey. Obama, supports Sarkozy and Merkel supports Muslims and Turkey.I say no to World War III
There shouldn't be http://3.world  war.B.the Muslim population is more.And these Muslims are cutting wild heads.Russia,Germany,Hungary, Algeria, All Turkish countries,China and Arabs support Turkey.Germans said something. Weapons production and technology are in our hands
#45??
https://www.facebook.com/amy.pemg/posts/150285719001145 …
Not #45??? Lol
You forgot #45
You coming down under Trumpy @realDonaldTrump? Meet @TurnbullMalcolm for a beer, sort metal deal.  Im up for a hit with ya if ur keen.  Lmk
Why you kills Yemeni people why stop war on Yemen the country of peace stop aggression on Yemeni children and women
Will you both please stay home so we can watch the golf without both of you?! Thank you.
Most of the country would love to see @BillClinton and @BarackObama !!
@shrlytmple I love how he invited Bush and Obama and casually left out Trump..
Billy Blythe, you are livin it up!!
Rapist
http://crickinfoemation.blogspot.com/2018/03/twitter-facebook-messenger-pinterest.html …
I am happy to see the Tiger back in action.
Maybe they can play @realDonaldTrump 45
Yay!!!!
THAT WOULD BE AWESOME!!!!
Will you be cheering at the prison day room tv? Don’t drop the soap Billy!

It was all consensual sex, with two adult participants, so he is not a rapist!

4some BC vs Bush vs Obama vs Trump in golf to find out who wins the Presdiental Cup; my money is on #Trump, I would be his caddie as long as I had a push cart. @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @GolfChannel

That's what you call a real circle jerk! You got two guys that cheat on their wives That's Bill Clinton and Tiger Woods! And that big loser Barack Obama X president who uses every dishonest tactic to become rich!
You should congratulate @TheBig_Easy too Mr Clinton sir 
Yo @BillClinton how you just gone leave out @POTUS 45 hahahahahahah
hlw sir how are you?
Love it
Considering how easily you setup an illegal meeting on the tarmac I’m sure setting up meeting on the golf course will be no sweat at all.
Make it happen Mr President.
Tiger better stay away from them freaks! Actually #45 is the right choice Tigre!
I totally agree, Mr President!
Bill, why have you forgotten how purely evil 43 is? Are you such a scared bitch to satan because you were too afraid to end like JFK?  Would you golf with Hitler too? There is no grandpa clause to right and wrong. You are either with me or against me.
No no no bad luck omg stay with Trump your on a come back
Tigers back.
Well you and tiger can sharfe some hookers right Bubba ?
Hey, impeached #42, you should have been stripped of your presidential privileges. You and your wife are nothing but an embarrassment to our country.  Plus, I hear that you play golf about as badly as Charles Barkley.
President Clinton all I have to say being a Canadian is on your absolute worst day as a president you were leaps and bounds ahead of the best day this new President could ever come up with
Τι κάνει το Μονικάκι βρε αρχιγύπα;
Έμαθε να καθαρίζει τους λεκέδες επιτέλους;
Please go away
I live in Melbourne, Fla. So excited to be hosting the Presidents Cup.
I'm here, ,
@BarackObama isn’t a member of that club @BillClinton  

Thank you! God bless WJCF!! I love my family!!!

Happy for Tiger Wood. Good idea Bill Clinton. You were a very good President as I recall.
He was impeached for lying under oath in court!
He has to be trolling us right? First Kobe now Woods? He can only praise sexual deviants.
I doubt if 45 gets the same invite post Prez.  I didn’t agree with 42 on everything, but you did your best to bring people together.  People listen to leaders.
https://youtu.be/OGE8nHH-Ikwizle  ağbi
42, 43, and 44 MUST attend... it was great seeing them out actually enjoying being around each other.  How about adding 39 also?  It does America good to see the former presidents together.
go Big Easy!!!!!!!
I wish you were president, trump is losing his mind...
https://www.google.com/search?source=hp&ei=tlSoWuKWIM6A5wLdrr_wBQ&q=picture+of+bill+clinton+with+Monica+&oq=picture+of+bill+clinton+with+Monica+&gs_l=mobile-gws-hp.12...1946.43668..45239...3....212.4338.8j31j1..........1..mobile-gws-wiz-hp.....0..0j46j0i131j0i46j0i22i30j0i13j0i13i30j0i8i13i10i30j33i22i29i30j33i160j33i21.ds0V0kDelOI%3D#imgrc=XPSTJLXWS6gwrM …:

Don't worry Bill we now know why you preferred Monica, she's much more desirable than Hillary.

What ? Mr. President, you’re not inviting #45 ? 
Donald isn’t being invited lol??He believes it is his cup. It has his name on it!
maybe Tiger can visit you both in Gitmo where you'll be living for 44 years #LockThemUp #ClintonCrimeFamily #ObamaGate #ChildTrafficking #UraniumOne
Sorry sir, just out of curiosity... on a day like today.... Do you follow news? Like CNN and that kinda stuff, you know? Sometimes?
