The vetting process was already strong. Giving priority to Christians is unconstitutional. Listen to your constituents!
Please stay on the correct side of American History, @JerryMoran Kansas needs to demonstrate we're not just a rubber stamp Red state!
you guys are out of the loop. Get used to an Autocracy
Thank you. Now please take action. #NoBanNoWall
THANK U for your sensible oppo. to the ban on refugees, ppl w/visas, green cards. Millions of Americans across the aisle agree.
Thank you, Senator. Make it so!
vote no on DeVos.  Join @SenJohnMcCain and @LindseyGrahamSC in standing up for the legislative branch. Love from Shawnee, KS
couldn't agree more
Thank you. Now go another step and vote against Sessions, DeVos, and Pruitt

Are Kansans born in the banned countries true Americans? Can they ever go see their families?
would you let #DeVos teach your grandkids?????  But you'll confirm her to be in charge of the entire education system? #WTF
Thanks so much for this.  As a native of Kansas, this makes me proud of my home state.
We already have a strict vetting process in place, but at least you spoke out in some way. Now go vote against Sessions & Devos.

Dangerous
Also, please vote no on DeVos. Kansans value our public education system. We value our teachers. DeVos does not. #StopDeVos
How is the current vetting for refugees lacking
American Values dictate that we take in refugees fleeing war torn countries. What do we stand for as a nation, if not that?
Thank you!
What is your position on more then >50% reduction in total number of refugees admitted? What is your position on #refugeeban?
yes, please. What is your input?
please be stronger on ban against Muslim refugees and immigrants. It's a message of hate that is tarnishing US reputation.
.@JerryMoran Thanks for opposing this harmful EO. Will you also stand up for refugees, many of whom risked their lives w/ US troops?
Senator, you've taken a small step in the right direction toward liberty, now please keep going. Stop Exec branch overreach.
This is a decent start. But more action is needed in many areas. I hope you are willing to vote #CountryOverParty
Actions not statements!
Senator, please do your part to stop this increasingly out of control administration before it does lasting harm to our country.
It'll never happen with Trump in the WH. Dump Trump, end America's shame.
this is a start. Next vote "No" for DeVos!
extreme vetting already exists,ban is inhumane, fodder4ISISpropaganda, makes us less safe, is unAmerican. Kansan 4 #NoBanNoWall
Donald Trump and Steve Bannon making up nat security policy on the fly -- Very Dangerous
Thank you!
Finally, please vote no on DeVos. Her hearings were a national embarrassment. Do what's right for Kansas kids.
Also, your phones are either ringing with no pick up or going to full mailboxes. Your constituents need to connect with you.
This is a start. You can do more. We have vetting. Condemn the ban. I am a KS resident who expects more.
thanks for taking a stand! I believe in our vetting process and I feel very safe living in America.
Yes, it should have input from Congress. My fear is that Trump & Bannon will not allow it now or in the future.
-- What are you doing to challenge @POTUS on issues you disagree with him on?   #noDevos  #NoBanNoWall #nobannonnowall
now please do something to get this bs under control
Back up your words with actions or they lose all meaning.  #nomuslimban
this is a start.  I thank you for it, but I hope you're ready to make a stronger stance in near future.
Could you explain in what areas current vetting is deficient, and what you think needs to be added to the process? Thank you.
#fightforus #45 is running this country off the rails, in a week! #fight! #standup https://www.facebook.com/leslea.adams/posts/1620923647934718 …
such a soft response. Take a STAND and what is right. This EO is inhumane and against what this nation is supposed to stand for.
we need to give Trump the boot!
Grow a backbone and come out against the ban - you know it is wrong!
Forget the lip service, you and the @GOP better figure out to #Impeach these idoits now!
Was our immigration system not strong before Saturday? As I understand it, vetting is already a thorough and lengthy process.
that's it??? Do you not work on weekends? It is unconstitutional and mean spirited. #noban #WeAreAllImmigrants
this statement is a step in the right direction.
I am glad you want congress to be included in this! Thank from this constituent. Also... please vote NO ON DeVos. Bad for USD265
good deflection. Say it's unconstitutional
this is a good start! Pls also stand against the religious requirements for refugees. This isn't just about green card holders
Rise up! Put America first. Country before party. I know there is decency in you. Take a stand, uphold our constitution.
Get Bannon off NSC- put McCain on.
thank you, I hope the senate back up these words...
Don't be a sell out on a law that is in place
Good, but how do you feel about the thinly veiled “Muslim ban?”
Thank you for speaking out against this unconstitutional EO. Please stand up for religious liberty, for ALL Kansans.
POTUS is keeping his promise. Congress has had many opportunities to keep USA citizens safe, but failed.
watch less Fox and you will feel safe. Maybe take a trip to Syria if you think we have it bad.
I feel much safer now, thanks.
Thank you for condemning this action. I urge you to review the current vetting procedure. It seems thorough and comprehensive.
, it took a few days for your statement , but I can stand behind this. Congress should be part of the process.
I'm sorry to see it took you all weekend to respond to this outrageous EO. Do better.
This ill thought out EO has been a disaster & no one thought consulting experts was needed! Please rein in out-of-control WH!
it took all weekend to draft that statement???  What are you going to do about the #MuslimBan? #StopPresidentBannon
Yes, it should!
THANK YOU!
Congress cannot take national security from Bannon's puppet @realDonaldTrump
I like where you are trying to go, but I'd like for you to please TAKE A STAND.
