Thank you for posting this. I hope you will consider attending the annual KS Holocaust Commemoration on May 1 in Topeka.
ALL LIVES MATTER!
As a constituent I'm embarrassed & ashamed you haven't denounced the #MuslimBan Not enough to remember it, don't repeat it!
adding me to your Trump fanboy page tells me you don't listen/care to your constituents..message received. See you at the polls
Today "humankind's darkest elements" are banning refugees from the US. Are you going to say something about that?
Be brave and kind by joining the list of your colleagues in Washington in opposing Trump's immigration policies.
this is some tone deaf shit here, Jerry
Then speak up against the #MuslimBan!!!
help us avoid another one by getting rid of Bannon. He's a white supremacist and has no in a position of power. NONE.
and then you remain silent on Trump's immigration (Muslim...) ban?  Shameful cowardice. #MuslimBan #BeALeader
Brave about the past while being a coward in the present. Hypocrite.
Resign, hypocrite.
Dark elements like religious bans? What's your position on Trump ignoring the courts?
to commemorate this day you are silent on the refugee ban. You should be ashamed. #nobannowall
Yet you are silent about what Trump and Pres. Select Bannon are doing.
You're an expert on the first revelation, and know nothing about the last three.
which is why we need to be on the right side of humanity this time and help refugees. #NoBanNoWall
yet you remain silent as the current administration bans #Refugees running from death and destruction. SPEAK UP
Continue to fight, Senator.  America is great because it welcomes all.
Your silence speaks volumes. Kansans will not forget even though you seem to have forgotten the lessons from the Holocaust.
be on the right side of history, then. Bannon is dangerous.
so please do not just be a follower....stand up for Kansas and stand up for what is right.
#nowallnobal #nodevos
#stopsessions #removepresidentbannon #stopTillerson #25thAmendment #StandUpToTrump #constitutionalconvention2017 #NoBannonNSC
please denounce President  Trump's order to ban Muslims from entering the United States.
The Holocaust revealed to us humankind's darkest elements, yet also bravery, unexpected kindness & self-sacrifice.
Stand up!
So stand with us in saying we're #WithRefugees.  Don't let hate win
Then take a stand on the  ridiculous immigration ban.  Stand up and Say NO!  Silence =assent.
please keep this in mind as you contimplate the #MuslimBan.The beginnings of the holocaust started out similarly. It breeds hate
How can you speak about the holocaust but ignore the atrocities happening to refugees WE should be helping?!
An admirable sentiment. Can we expect some bravery from you with regard to Trump's Muslim ban?
This is Deja Vu! in 1939 Jewish immigrants were turned away from US immigration too. You know what they say about history.
and what is your response to DJT's ridiculous Immigration EO, especially being signed on Holocaust Remembrance Day?
It's time for you to speak up against the #RefugeeBan and not let history repeat itself.
If you truly believe those words you will stand against President Trump's executive order banning refugees and legal residents
daesh & Russian warplanes are slaughtering thousands of people in Syria and Iraq. How about some compassion for the refugees?
you MUST see the hypocrisy of a ban on Muslims on a day that marks the deaths of 6 million.
humankind's darkest elements are occupying the White House. Stand for the current persecuted masses.
You should be ashamed of yourself if you decide not to speak for the oppressed. Do the right thing.
Are you doing anything to stop our gov't from banning the refugees? If not you don't get to claim bravery and patriotism #noban
stand up for goodness, be brave, don't go down in history condoning a crazy man's actions. You have power, us it #nowallnoban
Senator @JerryMoran , where is your voice as an American condemning the current ban in the USA? Be an American leader, not a puppet.
The Holocaust revealed to us humankind's darkest elements, yet also bravery, unexpected kindness & self-sacrifice.
http://www.yadvashem.org/yv/en/exhibitions/last-letters/1941/index.asp#/home …
Speak out now against Trump actions or be an accomplice to future retaliation against our nation. We are now less secure.
When the history of our time is written, how do you wish to be remembered?
tell @POTUS that Kansans oppose his refugee ban.  Denying refuge to victims of terrorism is reprehensible. #RefugeesWelcome
Shame!  If Trump was President, no Jews would have been able to come to the US from Germany!  Shame!  Read the Statue of Liberty
I'd love for you and @SenPatRoberts to exhibit some of that bravery, kindness, and self-sacrifice!
Do you are against the #MuslimBan then?  Asking for a friend.
And yet you canstand up for what is right for American citizens against this mentally ill, unqualified president. Shame
When are we going to have hearings on the illegal immigration ban? How many more people will we turn away during a war?
If green card holders who have been vetted for years are still banned. Exactly what's the point of border security?
I'd like to see some public opposition to the xenophobic executive order banning refugees. Those are lives too.
- Good Senator, your constituents would like to know where u stand on this "Muslim Ban".  I find this morally repugnant...
yet our nation is not allowing refugees to enter the USA???
Show some of that bravery and oppose the #MuslimBan
Then it is time to call Trump out on his antics. Be a strong leader Senator. You can end this before it gets worse.
this evil is repeating itself today. as your constituent, I ask that you stand up against trump for refugees today.
THEN SPEAK UP AGAINST THE MUSLUM BAN. History is repeating itself
As a constituent of yours, I am concerned about the President you support banning Muslims. Any thoughts on that?
Never again!
will you, or any other GOP senators, show unexpected kindness in our moment of darkness? Condemn Trump's cruel refugee ban EO
respond to @potus recent unconstitutional executive orders. US banned Jewish refugees based on religion. Don't repeat history!
Please Sen. Moran, show us your bravery and condemn the inhumane restrictions on refugees and visa holders. We must be generous!
The irony on a day when DT signed orders to ban refugees from entering the safety of our land. What will you do to stop this?
if you truly think this, how can you support the inhumane policies of DT? We need your voice to oppose him. Don't be a hypocrite
And today my government closed the  door on refugees. I am ashamed. You should be ashamed.
we also turned away Jewish refugees who were trying to escape Nazi Germany. Don't make the same mistake again!
then you must condemn Trump's actions banning refugees. Stand up. This is our moment. We need your leadership.
You should take a look at the @Stl_Manifest account so you'll know the type of tragedy you just linked yourself to. #Inhumane
Yet you support the disgrace in the Oval Office who just denied life & liberty to actively persecuted refugees. #Resign #Resist
So, what, totally worth it?
Will you show the courage this country denied to Holocaust victims by now speaking against @Potus' refugee/Muslim ban?@JerryMoran
Our nation is banning refugees today. What's your view on how that represents humankind?
