you as well. Job so well done despite, despite. Despite!
xup
wish I could get a job, bring 54 & out of work 1 year definitely experiencing agism
amazing how many disrespectful idiots on twitter, they didn't learn anything from their parents or teachers, hate is consuming them.
This was all possible because of you forever my President!!!!
how about the doubling of national debt, racial divides, no good jobs, ISIS (the JV team), shitty roads, eroded military  ??
plenty of good jobs,  racism is a choice, Bush caused debt problems, Americans kill more than ISIS, Roads bad decades.
Obama brought debt from $9bb to $19bb Bush had nothing to do with that, now your facts please..."plenty" LMAO
yeah,  but look at what he inherited,  housing and financial crisis, massive unemployment,  he did what was necessary.
They have amnesia about the 40-some presidents before him. America's problem is older than 8 years!
very good point,  they blame Obama for everything,  what about Congress
Work's not done! Respectfully,
Thank you POTUS!!
more fake news After many yrs of trying 2 find work, I gave up like so many others We r not counted anymore, 1000's  remain unemployd
#HappyLaborDay sir
xup

WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU SMOKING????
4 years more please
nope
blah blah blah they stopped looking 4 jobs moron we aren't stupid you are the worst thing that ever happened to this country
worst thing was the republican congress who said they would fight him on everything from day 1
oh pls for Petes sake the losers first two years he had it all n still blaming others 8 years later. You should study
you're very confused about the parties and what they stand for I'm serious it's the dems who take the free ride
and we r never going to agree bc I like ppl to actually carry their own weight so bye bye
by the way it's mostly red republican states that are not holding their own.
Thank you President Obama for your leadership
are you fucking joking?  the ones you can count at least ,..thats good enough PPPPFFFTTTTT!
Still trying 2 understand how Trump is bring jobs back? All he only knows is how 2 give our jobs 2 companies over seas?
Trump gives plenty of jobs. He just never pays anybody what he promises.
Ppl would rather have worked w a person w integrity &honestly! Not a cheat & liar! Ppl need to be paid in Full!


poor baby
Actually, I am celebrating in Delano, working in the field. Here we never stop, so prople can buy at the markets. Let's keep going!
Thank you!
Worst president in United States History! A traitor actually!!

A lot more of what? Terrorist attacks? Secret ransoms? People on welfare? Insurance companies dropping Obamacare?
Well, THAT trolling attempt failed miserably! 
are u serious @worst yet

thank you for your words President Obama.  Wish you were still in the WH.
job growth ? Really your joking right?

word
keep bragging about unemployment #s.  The real numbers are staggering, showing the failure of your policies.
ohhh right... your in China on Labor day weekend, jobs have shrunk under your presidency, gonna be worse under clinton
also don't forget the employers who work you 30 hours a week to ensure you can't get proper benefits. Let's not gloat just yet.
A visit to Mound Bayou, MS reminded me: Dreams & a hardworking spirit brings The American Dream to fruition.
Thanks for the 8 great years
yea just peachy what per se was so wonderful?
Pissing conservatives off. @gbread2481 @POTUS
but that's funny you can't think of anything! Just like a lib
ho hum still waiting for an answer lol. That's what libs do can't think of a thing but just spread hate n evil
You seem mad, cuck. I gave you answer. @gbread2481 @POTUS
no u didn't I asked u for something wonderful he's done where is it
will the gun laws EVER be under control ?
why should they? It's not that guns are bad, bad people are using guns
NRA has bought and paid our politicians. Sensible gun control is reasonable, but politicians have sold out.
well your "sensible" is my "prohibited' be tougher on crime and those doing it and not on general gun public
kids kill themselves with parents guns, most of the mass shooters had no criminal record,what is your solution
Orlando "no fly list & FBI interviews", San Bernardino "clearly something not right"
I believe in the 2nd amendment,  but even it needs refinement. Society has advanced since it was written.

So do I, So do I, So do I, So do I, So do I, 1000 times, So do I and so should all of U, best POTUS in my lifetime
im still umemployed
BULLSHIT!
Growth? Record number of jobs GONE, companies closing, down sizing in the past 50 years! Growth?  HO HO HO! Spin it some more!
we love you, and will continue your policies and successes by voting for @HillaryClinton #StrongerTogether
Thank You, President Obama.
what world r u n
Can you come and be our PM when your term is up? Please? #AustralianPoliticshasgonewrong.
What is Donald hiding in his tax returns? #WhoisNeil
why is hillary hiding her health records?
forgot 2 figure n all the ppl who lost jobs that no longer seeking jobs Coz THERE ISN'T ANY,fking illegals got them @realDonaldTrump

Don the Con called them his "poorly educated " supporters, he insults their intelligence and they love it.  How stupid is that,  Sad!
I don't like trump either but you can't deny Hillary is a liar and crook as well.
all we know is the propaganda the media spread, most of it lacks proof of wrongdoing. She is the best out of main 2
AGAIN You are LYING! you KNOW 1/3 of all men in America are out of work and its YOUR FAULT. You truly are the worst EVER
keep up the great work Mr. Pres.  The Republicans have tried to fight everything good for Americans, but many people dismiss facts.
we swapped $25.00 dollar an he. To minimum wage jobs. Big job growth
instead,  these same ppl would like a Potus that is racist,  a fraud, pays off Atty Generals to avoid Univ FRAUD,  cheats sm bus. SAD
You mean part time work is now the norm prez?
Are you serious?
they say your MOM was the best Trick in town back in the day..
you shouldn't insult your own mom like that,  show some respect or she might cut off your breast milk.

thank you for all your hard work. If congress could get its act together we'd be in much better shape.
Miss you!
@mikewickett these stats he speaks of are lies.
from FL, not surprising, the land that gave us G Bush, the worst president in history, the father of ISIS
after 4 months you cut them off unemployment and you can no longer keep track. It is higher than it has ever been.
Please stop campaigning and do what you were hired to do. All you do is divide. I am Hispanic.. where's your sentiment towards me?

@Zuzu1025 hahaha ... nooooo way. 
dad
Thank YOU
thanks
BS, you base this on people not applying for unemployment because they cannot and you count part time and temp work as being employed
@luciabrawley African Americans are still under employed and unemployed Mr. President. Shame on you for not fixing the problem.
thank you President Obama!!
I sorry I not going I just for solo kotokkk
depends on how you calculate the unemployment rate #voodooeconomics
Happy Labor Day Mr. President. Enjoi!
I still would love to shake your hand.
#dontevercallmelazy#golfmuch
$20 TRILLION dollar debt. Most corrupt administration ever. Most lies, deceipt, and misinformation. You got nothing to brag about.
Thank you President Obama, it has been an amazing 8 years!!!
#refugee #fraud by #Robert #Marcone and he tortured his #mother                   https://americaisdaying.blogspot.com 
When will you support the Souix in SD???!!
Please initiate an investigation into the actions of Dakota Pipeline Company against peaceful protestors.
.@POTUS In Zimbabwe the Prez promised pple 2million jobs&ran dwn all major industries. Pple hv no jobs. God blessu POTUS 4serving yr people
afternoon Pres. I wish you share some views with us here in South Africa as it is one of our challenges
What's wrong with #HillarysHealth Obama?
keep the momentum bring Hillary to continue the success
My family is proud to call you President! Thank you!
@wikileaks #WakeUpAmerica 

OBAMA : Hillary Clinton is the biggest fraud in politics. AMERICA MUST WATCH 
Meantime dogs are biting children in North Dakota pipeline protest #NoDAPL
Let's keep going! You have been a wonderful POTUS, Now our only hope is Hillary to keep it going
haters gonna hate!!!. I just remember Bush era, No jobs.
http://www.npr.org/2016/09/06/492849471/an-economic-mystery-why-are-men-leaving-the-workforce …

Sir, your numbers are phoney,   please don't' boast.
real unemployment rate at 10%.....
Would have been nice if he had commented on their growing income levels on his watch?!
underemployment is still a massive problem that needs to be addressed or at least recognized.  TPP will shed more working class jobs.
95 million unemployed #nicetry
@vj44 best 8 years of my life. 2nd best was #BillClinton.  imagine if #Gore was not cheated
another lying politician
my wife has been sending resumes for 4mnths 3diff fields 2states,30yrs exp and no call backs.no federal help cause things r great????
Neoliberalism is not the way forward. Libertarianism is. #ap4lp
Thank You Prez Obama, YOU have served this country well all while up against stupid attacks. We honor you. Sorry @realDonaldTrump.LOL
u sound not only sweet but wise
rec. # of ppl on gov assistance, labor force particip @ "78 levels, PT jobs outpace FT, gov jobs added outpace private sec. Progress?
http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-09-06/feds-own-jobs-indicator-tumbles-again …
excellent Mr president
Unless you forgot we all have same DNA, yet you dare support a single minority. You are no leader sir. There are no leaders out there
خوش ططو
and why should we believe it?
Happy Labor Day, President Obama.  Thank you for all you have done for America.
The lies just keep coming!  Since you've played more golf rounds than any POTUS n history, how would u know what jobs r nowadays?
you mean people quit being counted on the roles you read.
we know you stole @FannieMae @FreddieMac & billions of $$ #FannieGate #scandal not going away #USA http://GSElinks.com  #news
Id policies need changing
@WhiteHouse If they say so ... How many Americans in age to work out of the stats? The growth barely covers the number of graduates!
@WhiteHouse it has never been about profits but keeping pple working
Have the Pentagon explain how 6.5 TRILLION dollars in taxpayer funds went "missing". I don't see the media talking about it ?
@USTreasury @FHFA  committed so much fraud it will take @jasoninthehouse @ChuckGrassley years to get to truth
You lie.
.@POTUS Hyatt 100 workers made $17/hr w/benefits; replaced by illegal aliens hired by staffing co. at $8/hr, no benefits-
help the poor people
we love you Mr. Obama! 8 more years please?  
ur request for 8 more years of lawless tyranny is frightening
Most of us work on labor day to get paid slave wages... Who has more employment China or the USA?
So our taxes can go to Laos. Out of office you.
Worst Streak of Low job Growth ever......and gov to industry
1.8/1 not impressive
Happy Labor Day Prez!
falsified #s more lies nothing from nothing leaves nothing
WRONG! http://www.factcheck.org/2012/06/obamas-economic-sleight-of-hand/ …
unemployment is lower because more people have stopped looking for jobs. #misleadingtheppl #notrealstat
after 911 why have we not close the loophole for terrorist to overstay their visas
Iran Contra wasn't a/b Marxism; it was a/b 220+ tons of coke/crack n2 WJC's Ark airstrip & 2million n2 a prison boom; ask Kerry!
#freeBalochistan
obama bring more poor refugees from syria and iraq
nice try bud  if George Bush was unpatriotic for having a $9 trillion deficit, what would you call $20 trillion deficit?  #Trump2016
what stats are you reading???
Take my yoke upon you, and learn of me; for I am meek and lowly in heart: and ye shall find rest unto your souls.  Matthew 11:18
Great job Mr. President!!
you're the greatest!!! Thank you for being a great President Mr Obama!!
I see your still mocking us potus your comments make me puke
"Hard Working Americans" Yawn! "Hard Working Families" is what is said in the UK - Yawn! The propaganda crosses the Atlantic!
we need to bring this ratio back down to improve the #economy for #allAmericans
Mr. President, you called Americans lazy...that's because of you, with your free this and your free that...why work? #NoMoreDemocrats
thanks. Mr President for that and much. .......I love you. Man
lowest workforce participation rate since... Ever. Don't @ me tho
Pick up those bombs! #caddyshack
LMAO@Obama.  Who does he think he's kidding? This has been the worst recovery since the great depression, food stamp nation.
did you see Hardworking Americans set at Lockn?
Nice Try. Unemployment rate higher than ever. Stats don't count unemployed not registered for benefits. @POTUS Lies - as usual.
Happy Labor Day Mr President @BarackObama and all
You have disappointed, all of you have disappointed. You should all be fired like us common employees.candidates are saddest in years
please check out my website: http://www.mellis.juiceplus.com  Mr President evenifurhealthynow doesn'tmeanthatyouwontget something inthefuture
@SheenBean32 thank you for your leadership @POTUS
Happy Labor Day Mr. President!
is that the end of the world for you ???
Happy Labor Day. Be Bless.
yes bb slay
what red rock native assault that is wrong Mr President
PKK killed this cute girl's father at Turkey. Are you happy now? World children hate You and USA's politices

this is a bunch of crap this just shows what dept of labor has and there are no jobs hiring there
Load of crap.
lots of those jobs are horrible
those unemployment numbers are skewed..

get Robert Work on the line. Shore up the defense department Ash Carter's improved upon
