Please retweets this. Scary stuff.
Fight on, Sen. Franken. We remember and do NOT want the banks to "regulate themselves", as Republicans suggest.
How fast we forget the last Define recession-ppl going bankrupt for medical bills&Bush passed law prevent  bankruptcy causing loss of homes
GOP under Bush practice loose lending foreclosing on homes - yet made bankruptcy laws to BENIFIT THE BANKS -how fast we forget WALLSTREET
Vote for the GOP: we'll roll back the USA to a time when big business ruled the country, left nothing for the poor & eliminate middle class
@realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan  @SenateMajLdr Hilary Clinton is in the pocket of Wall Street
Do you see a theme of gutting and removing all oversight and accountability? This seems like a slow coup pretty much.
Coup has been pretty quick and surgical. This has been planned very well. Gutting Dodd-Frank...TRUMPCARE...GOP don't fear 2018...WHY?
Will any good come of rolling back Dodd-Frank, or is this just another spite-Obama moment?
Why would the @housegop want to take away something that protects the American people/taxpayers? Short answer: Not in it for us. #Corruption

How could anybody be so deluded to believe that this could in anyway benefit the average working American family? They got paid & don't care
It benefits the average family by preventing financial disasters like 2008. EVERYONE suffered then.
I'm referring to the repeal of Dodd-Frank. Now banks can take greater risks w/ money & when risky ventures fail, depositors get skroooooood.
Everyone should read this! Pay attention this is serious! Easy to understand
Please stop this assault on the American people!
Don't take your eyes off the money. Protecting consumers is vital.
2018 Folks
Doesn't this have to come back through the Senate?
Will Mitch eliminate the filibuster for legislation?
Banks were forced to give home loans to people who couldn't afford them that was the bad idea thanks bill clinton Janet Reno
Prez and Bannen working to destabilize US per Putin.
Please stop them Senator Franken. Reading your book & loving it. I worked closely with Sen. Wellstone on health care reform under Clinton.
Dodd Frank goal was for government to take over banking industry right after taking over health care industry -like Obama both ideas suck
SENATE is going to vote on TRUMPCARE without telling anyone what is in it. Using #ComeyTestimony as distraction. DON'T LET THAT HAPPEN!!
Look, we can't set into motion the next financial crisis until we find a way to unlearn the lessons of the last financial crisis.
What we really need is to RE-instate the Glass-Steagle act. Wallstreet and the Banks have No oversight.
We don't need a repeat financial disaster like 2008. We are still not fully recovered on Main street USA
Propose immediate #legislativeban until @Congress can get to the bottom of who's bidding @realDonaldTrump is actually doing. #Russianplant?
not trying, getting rid of piece  of shirt
Won't pass the Senate....
Americans need your help to defend Dodd-Frank. Keep up the good work.
No one is going to stop these dick weeds, are they?
And the ACA. They are being sneaky while we are wrapped up in these hearings. Stay vigilant. Call your senators. Demand to see the Bill.
Thank God for you Senator Franken! Keep your eyes on the prize. We are counting on you!
This is stupid and disgusting! Thanks for posting this!
But, @SenFranken, as my Senior (boy, I'll say) Senator MkKkain was incented by his misogyny to focus on:  WHAT ABOUT HER EMAIL?!

OMFG!
Of course they are. $$$ is their second language.
Thank you for bringing this up 
Pelosi ROCKED today!
So frightening and awful.  More loss of protection for the most vulnerable and gullible who have everything to lose.
It is your job Senator to rally the Senate and block this horrible bill.
Now you and your colleagues have to kill it in Senate.
They are all criminals
Of course they are. They want a replay of 2008.
Because one world economic collapse during their entry into the workforce isn't enough #Millennials  #WrongChoiceAct #DoddFrank
The Russian chaos is a great smoke screen for the biggest scandals. #SCOTUS #repeal #aca #epa #DoddFrank
They already did. Can someone explain why it is that Democrats continue to bring knives to a nuclear war zone?!
Get ready for a major crash in our economy.
Goethe GOP is definitely not working for the average American.

Stop them Al!!!
Don't let that happen Senator!!!
$$$$$$$$$$$$$ to the already rich.
Stay alert, America..dump et al are determined to "dismantle the govt."! Vote the vermin GOP OUT..VOTE BLUE ,
It's only been their plan for about a year, or so. Surprise!
Keep fighting Al. I'm paying attention!
Kick their butts, kill the bill, then #ImpeachTrumpNOW , #MedicareForAll  #NoTrumpcare #ChargePOTUSandVPandGOPwithTreason
And lets not t forget the disastrous healthcare bill also trying to rush thru
Everything @HouseGOP touches turns to stone.
This is one main reason GOP still supports Trump. The crazy legislation being proposed does not get media attention next to Trump drama.
Dodd-Frank has destroyed one community bank for each day it's been law. You want thousands of small towns with nothing but a Chase ATM?
Thank you for this and your work. Great interview with @marcmaron.
Might be a good tactic to surprise adm by focusing on legislation tomorrow. Which senators are vulnerable. Leave Russiagate be for a bit.
And the CFPB.
Of course they are...we're dick-stracted...
trying? Isn't it a done deal already?
This is that trick where the GOP creates a diversion to steal our wallets & the protections put in place to keep our economy from failing.
But you will try to stop that
Donald is a great distraction while they screw us over.
Using the smokescreen of a nutjob president.
THANK YOU , THANK YOU - been asking for someone to even mention this horror!!!! Thank Al !
And "my" representative @boblatta boasted on Facebook about doing just that. "My" meaning Wall Street's representative. He's a whore.
What was the vote  the senators needed to get to today?
Good Golly Miss Molly, Whole Lotta Lying Going On!
Yah, well that's how they roll. 
Perhaps the Republicans should watch the Big Short.  It's dumbed down enough for them to understand.  The rich get richer.  Sad!  @housegop
Yes. And the Consumer Financial Protection Board is next :(
They already did that today bud
The morally corrupt House passed it.  Let's hope the Senate rises to protect the American people instead of Wall Street.
Good! Named after two repugnant bastards who should have been jailed.
and the gop in the senate are in secret meetings to force a fast destruction of the #ACA
Trump appoints the very people responsible for the financial crisis & GOP gives green light for them to do it again by reversing Dodd-Frank
And Mnunchin lied in his confirmation hearings about Dodd-Frank roll back. The kleptocracy just keeps on building. Liars & Crooks.
@HouseGOP stop trying to destroy #America. #trumprussia
We can see clearly who they work for. Hint: it's not us.
We keep chasing the #rodeoclown
I have to block you for being racist. If Bill Maher were black,  you would not have canceled. Now that I know you r racist, u r blocked.
If there's anyone who's against Wall Street, it's Trump, not Clinton, who basically lives off of the funding from Wall Street.
Paul Manafort
The GOP has no soul and zero shame.
Disgraceful horrible jerks
We are working to mount a strong campaign against @RepHensarling in #TX05 #WrongChoiceAct is bad for America  http://VoteDanWood.com 
It's done, we are SO screwed
It is a reminder that the GOP can't do, only can undo.
Well Sen Al, US citizens will be counting on you to pull any Repub Sens with a shred of decency along with you to stop this insanity!
How quickly we forget. It has only been ten years.
I have never forgotten and I was one of the lucky ones. We are headed down the same road again.
I was lucky too!  Kept my house, my 401k and my job.  Felt sick for the ones that didn't.  Why do American voters have such short memories?
Why are they trying to do everything in their power to hurt middle class Americans?
Perhaps because they can for power fun. Short sighted as they breathe the same air and will also die. Can't take $ with. Stupid.
Do they have no shame??? No morals????
oh yeah  ..
what was i thinking
this bill removes protections 4 citizens; encourages corporate greed. Guess what "trickles down" to most Americans from R financial policies
Called my crappy GOP rep's office today. Fat good it'll do, but did my part. Let his office know I've already donated to his opponent!
These guys are the worst.
All those who cheer this don't r rn understand Dodd-Frank If you have a modest bank balance repeal will cost you dearly #dosomeresearch!
They are proving yet again that they can never be trusted.
They can't be trusted for following through with their promises over the past year?
Anyone open to a rerun of 2007 or worse is either insane or on the take. Our Repug leaders appear to be both!
exactly good looking out @SenFranken
Let's blow a bubble and watch it burst..sick
Senator, you are respected by so many.  Unfortunately, the Democrats don't have the numbers to fight the unscrupulous Republicans.
Thank you @SenFranken for standing up against that with my @SenSherrodBrown.
I worked for a bank for years...giving more advantages to banks will result in predatory lending practices and debt no one can get out of.
Push back! Don't let Trump & the GOP ruin our country.
Push back hard. Elect new blood. Pay attention. Write, call, show up. This is our country.
GOP keeping everyone scrambling so they can ram these things thru.
It's difficult to figure out which @gop dumpster fire I should be paying the most attention to.
Boy you have got that right. Everything is burning up.
Stop it in the Senate
Good.....
franken 2020
I haven't forgotten. I will be .
God they are assholes.
This gives the bankers the ability to crash our markets again. Ironic once again undoing Obama saving our economy in 2008
Really? The banks didn't cause a housing bubble that sent us into a recession & Obama didn't rebuild our economy? 
The government caused the housing bubble to burst? How?
And what about their ACA bill that they r quietly sneaking around with? R the Dems ready for it not to pass?
Plus sneaking through AHCA. Mind boggling that this is how things are in our govt. This is not working for the people.
Deb, our democracy is but an allusion to cover our autocracy and has been for decades!
Yes, decades! Also, this stuff isn't new. People make it seem like it's sneaky when it's been their plan for about a year.
Agree!  I'm not sure why I'm so surprised.
I think it's because they (Dem/Rep) push for us to forget and/or get distracted.
Yes...this is important
Do your best to throw a monkey wrench  into the works when it gets to the Senate!
This is all a shit show ! Americans knew what to do when the British wanted TO TAX the tea out of us!
Another diversion to  screw over the 99%   For the 1%.  Shameful
I was hoping we'd get @Archie4Congress in the house to fight for Dodd-Frank before they did this. He can be seated in a few weeks.
Way to keep the focus! @HouseDemocrats #resist @GOP @realDonaldTrump
They're betting the reporters will run out of ink.
