.@POTUS' stated reasons for firing Comey are difficult to believe and we need to get to the bottom of why this happened.
It's now clearer than ever that we need an independent investigation into Trump's ties to Russia.
@SenFranken He has made a fool of us. Look at them being able to get a Russian photog in the White House yesterday. Now Putin laughs.
PLEASE TELL ME WE CAN DO SOMETHING! WE ARE SO SCARED! THIS IS A DICTATORSHIP, NO THE UNITED STATES!!
I'm with you! So many of us in the USSA, er, I mean, the USA are freakin' out! He's destroying us and the GOP is standing there watching!
I wrote to my Congress people and asked for Comey to be appointed Special Prosecutor.
What's deep troubling to me, is there seem to be nobody from the GOP who is concerned about that and the fact that The Donald is "losing it"
@realDonaldTrump  More people will now certainly question our President's loyalty to the United States. Really bad.
Since when has trump spoken the word DEMOCRACY?
Please tell America that you are going to do something about this  Comey firing should be grounds for impeachment because it's a cover-up
Fire you next Senator

Its's also deeply troubling that anyone would even consider voting for @realDonaldTrump. #notmypresident #ImpeachTrump
We hope the legislative arm will not let this hinder the search for the truth.

It's more than deeply troubling; it's fascism.  Bordering on dictatorship.
How the hell can that happen!? How is 45 getting away with all of this? I just seriously don't understand. #shitshow2017 #StopTheMadness
Agree!!! He keeps getting away with things a democrat would be drawn and quartered for! WTF!?
He's getting away with it because the #GOP hold the House, the Senate and the SCOTUS. That, and vested interests protecting their patch.
And those offices are being held because Putin saw to it.
And because the GOP gamed the system by gerrymandering swing districts in crucial states
And let's not forget: FOLLOW THE MONEY!!
Before he takes it all!
Firing people is what he does. He built his entire public persona on it. Unfortunately, despite the exposure, the WH is not reality TV.
It's deeply troubling you believe it changes much at all.
Subpeonea his taxes. You have the power
Stop your crying and move on. Y'all are so stuck on the election like a guy or girl remembering the glory days of high school.
@tziporia @POTUS STOP TALKING TROUBLING IS WHEN MY CAR WONT START
Deeply troubling that folks are stupid enough to elect you to office
No pic for director until we have special independent prosector!
Troubling but expected.
hey weird al, russia all your führer n Muslim brotherhood grand member bamas evil idea! You Lefty loons n msm latched on
Can you just announce your 2020 Presidential candidacy already?
Or "troubling AF" as the kids say these days...
I think it is time for politicians to abandon the description "deeply troubling" for the more appropriate "THIS IS FUCKED UP, EVERYBODY"
@klbtweeter @POTUS threaten his businesses and he'll resign? #RICO
WHY OH WHY GANESHA ARE PEOPLE INCAPABLE OF HOLDING TWO SEPARATE IDEAS IN THEIR HEAD AT THE SAME TIME‽‽#ITMFA
Stop using trite phrases like "deeply troubling". The public expects thoughtful remarks.
Ya think? The question is what are you going to do about it??
How do we now proceed???
Senator Franken, along with Senator Klobuchar, You have full support as one of your constituents.  Do whatever you have to end this charade.
Troubling? I would go with terrifying.
Just one of many deeply troubling things
Thank you Senator for defending the constitution & standing up for all honest Americans! This corrupt administration must be stopped!
But not surprising. His campaign was built on attack the attackers.
A clear case of Obstruction of Justice to a non-lawyer that watches lots of Law & Order
But not at all surprising
Make this happen, Senator, and you will surely be the next President!
Trump has fired:
Sally Yates
Preet Bharara
James Comey

People investigating Trump-Russia:
Yates
Bharara
Comey
DEMAND a #SpecialProsecutor
Deeply troubling doesn't even begin to describe this. Sen Franken- we need to take the shortest route to impeachment now. 45 has got to go
We're here in Minnesota
Al Tranken is a total straight shooter!
I thought you were terrific with Sally Yates. You connected the dots!
you've all been "troubled"for an eternity now without actually doing anything about it!
Senator Franken. I'm Canadian and only have limited knowledge of your laws. You know Trump is killing your country. Do something to stop him
If McConnell blocks this investigation he should be tried for treason!How can our system rely on one person to appoint a special prosecutor
It's also troubling that he is able to.
It screams "guilt"!
Doesn't it seem like more than coincidence that after Comey admitted to being the reason Hillary lost was basically his fault he was fired?
Open your eyes please... Not meant as a slight. We are watching the death of our Constitution. only one option left.
THREAD: Listen to @GOP members & know out gov't is failing, citizens #together w prominent leaders must take extreme actions! RETWEET @DNC https://twitter.com/Uberficker/status/862304855901302784 …
Do something about it, Al. It's time for a special prosecutor.
What are you doing to remove #POTUS for obstruction of justice, abuse of power, using Oval Office for financial gain, business conflicts?
it's obvious trump is getting rid of people that can prove his Russian ties. What are you guys going to do about it?
And only a few breaths after talking to PUtin and a day before the meeting between Tillerson and The Russian dude!  And . . . What the HELL?
Well supposed @SenateMajLdr doesn't agree. He's OK with all the Russian meddling and classified NSC/Flynn leaks. It's time for a change!
Will Comey still be testifying about the #TrumpRussiaCollusion or did he fire him to derail that what is wrong with the Republicans 
Please convert deeply troubling" and "raises questions/doubts/concerns" into ACTION. Don't let him get away with this. Please
So what are we as a country going to do about it?
No shit!  Now do something about it!
Despot times call for despot measures.
Then how come I'm so happy?
No it's troubling that we have a comedian as a senator
And that response Rump put out is ridiculous!  Comey did not inform our stupid president "on 3 occasions." I can't stand all the craziness!!
Deeply troubling but no longer surprising...
This is such an affront to our democracy.  Even if there were disagreements w/Comey, it did not necessitate POTUS actions. We know why
Dear Congress: We implore you to exercise your right to appoint Special Counsel. - The American People #SpecialCounsel #Russia
Senator, You and your colleagues are the last line of defense against this assault on our democracy.
He needs to be #Impeached this is corruption. Time to take it back. #POTUS45 does NOT represent the people. #Trumpgate
Watergate 2
Now that we know Sessions is still involved, now what?!
It is also deeply troubling that he had the ability to.
Trump's behavior is criminal at best, the sign of a demented man at worst, please find colleagues across the aisle to work w/to curb him!
More than disturbing, Mr. Franken. The steady roll to dictatorship must be stopped!
Let Sally Yates lead the Russia Connection!
#GoSally!
It appears this attack on the US by Russia and #corruptGOP has been  planned and prepared over a number of years. More than troubling.
You see it to?
We need you more then ever! 
I know its troublin'..but is it legal?? @SenFranken @POTUS
Senator Franken, Will you ever consider running for President? <3
Are they going to try to push the healthcare bill through while no one is looking?
Yup real troubling. And suspicious. It would make most people more curious about how deep and diabolical trump's family ties to Russia are.
We are not going to let 45 sweep this under the rug. Comey wasn't my favorite guy but this is waayyy too suspicious.
We need an impeachment! That man continues to break multiple laws and the senate twiddles their thumbs!
Also  more troubling he will have a closed door meeting with Russian Foreign minister Lavrov. He is laughing in our faces #schadenfreude
special prosecutor to get @HillaryClinton for treason
Trump is effecting the biggest fraud in US Political history and must be stopped
I know you have to measure your words, but this far exceeds 'deeply troubling' and swift action must be taken.
Please #impeachTrumpnow
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Can we start impeachment proceedings now? I'm an Iowan, we're stuck w/Grassley & Ernst, since they're in Trumps pocket, can we count on you?
Troubling isn't the word I'd have used, Al. Expected, prognosticated, predicted etc...I'd imagine the heat in the kitchen is rising.
Al you are deeply troubled
This whole administration is troubling!
It's there no way for anyone to obtain his taxes
Go back to SNL, He stated many many time that the President  had nothing to do with Russia.  Your a blooming edit!!!!
But not surprising

Duh!
Please please please champion impeachment following this outrageous violation of democracy...
Couldn't be more succinctly said
That's proof right there, to my mind, that he's guilty of collusion.
Trump has fired:
Sally Yates
Preet Bharara
James Comey

People investigating Trump-Russia:
Yates
Bharara
Comey
Be not troubled. Be moved. Act. Now.
Someone, Sean Spicer said Comey had the confidence of the pres. The reporter has to ask Spicer how do we believe anything you say?
Understated. I like it.
YES I ADMIT IT'S TROUBLING BUT OBAMA SHOULD HAVE FIRED COMEY FOR THE SHIT HE PULLED WITH CLINTON TO GET TRUMP ELECTED!!!?
Please, Franken 2020You could clean house!!!!
Why!? !;)PEACE
Deeply disturbing and not at all surprising.
Please DEMAND a special prosecutor!! We're counting on you Al!! Stand together. Don't let them get away with this!!!!
Troubling is putting it nicely.
Do something about it! Independent investigation needed now!
Understatement of the year dawg
Yeah, add it to the list. I'm tired of being 'troubled' & 'concerned' over this admin. Heads need to start rolling.
Its not troubling Sir... Its complete BS. PERIOD!
And that Jeff Sessions who lied to you at his hearing was a source.
Troubling but not surprising. Im surprised Comey lasted as long as he did. Trump knew the noose was tightening. #ComeysRevenge
Taking this stance against @realDonaldTrump won't save your political career, you're done, we're voting you all out!
What's more troubling is how you found your way to a Senate seat, what's more troubling is your Miopic justice, biased.
Yes, very troubling.Yet, what as private citizens can we do to stop Trump treason train? Bc there are more if us than them!
Here we go.......
Hmmmm coincidence? I think not!
As a supporter many miles away in a constant "red state" I am looking up to you to be one that can start MAKING THINGS HAPPEN!!!!!!!!!
BEGIN IMPEACHMENT PROCEEDINGS!  Please!!!!
What's troubling , is it took this long .......this is one of many insane things he's done.
I liked you better on SNL
Sir. It's just deeply troubling. Look around.  I'm extremely troubled.
But, @realDonaldTrump is chief of total corruption, why stop when @GOP is knee deep in his pockets?! #sad #resist#impeach
Respectfully Senator Franken stop using soft language like 'deeply troubling'. He is CLEARLY covering up a crime. Take the kids gloves off!
An independent investigation should have been done.  Didn't they do that to find out if Bill Clinton lied about an AFFAIR??? 
There needs to be a select committee and a special prosecutor
Trying everything possible to keep his ass out the fire
do something!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
And his deputy press-sec @SHSanders45 said it is time to get over this whole #Russia thing. What? #ImpeachTrumpNow #SpecialProsecutorNow
He should have limited powers. Please finish this investigation soon.
#LockHimUp #coupsday
"...of course nothing will be done about this."
this is no time for a deadpan delivery. i love you but this is fucking serious
It's a bit suspicious, just a bit. But now we'll have an director who knows nothing about law or security. Lucky us!

It's more troubling that nobody can act to hold this fake president accountable.
That's all you got?
All this has to end! We all know that Trump is a traitor. His firing of Comey is an impeachable offense. HE HAS TO GO!!!!
Love you Al! Please do something about this. Your country needs you! 
fight for the truth, Senator. Don't relent.
Thank you! Please never letup on this matter, this is a national emergency. There is nothing else until this is resolved.
It's more than troubling. It's obstruction of justice and should be grounds for impeachment.
Yes!  Get your  republican colleagues to agree to an independent investigation! Please, for the sake of the nation.  Scared!
And laughably obvious. Subtlety, thy name ain't Trump. Please don't let up, Senator. We're counting on you all now.
Russian ambassador visiting the White House tomorrow as well
@SusanLeeTweets @POTUS Deeply Troubling IS NOT ENUF. DO something!!
It's beyond suspicious.He's blatantly covering up.Investigation's getting too close. Drip drip he's admitting guilt. #Trumprussia #impeach45
There has to be some provision to deal with him, even if it's something completely obscure.
Maybe his wife will bring him down
That would be awesome.
Very troubling indeed, seems he fires anyone that take a closer look into his business practices before and after the election. Stay on him!
It's beyond troubling. @POTUS  needs to be removed post haste. There's no good that can come from leaving him in power. It's dangerous.
Dear Sen Franken we need an independent special prosecutor NOW.
That being said, & I totally agree, Comey's a weasel. Throw the whole bunch out, fumigate the WH and let's have an election. #traitorinchief
WE ARE COUNTING ON YOU!!  PLEASE DO SOMETHING!  Is there justice for powerful billionaires?  His 40% aren't above the law and pay taxes.
One man does not make up the entire FBI.
Funny how the Democrats were screaming for Comey's resignation just before the election now you state Comey firing "deeply troubling".
It is corrupt. We need an independent prosecutor NOW. No confirmation of new FBI director until indep prosecutor named.
#SpecialProsecutor
Treasonous Trump & Racist Troll Sessions must go. Save America!
Impeachment NOW!
Impeachment NOW!
Impeachment NOW!
We've been in  DEFCON 'deeply troubling' for a while now
The fear factor... The beginning of the end again... He will tweet himself right out to door..
Faith Above All Else..Pray Hard
Amen
Push hard, as if our lives depend on it, for an Independent-repeat-Independent Investigation and Prosecutors NOW.
You're all saying that. DO something.
Deeply disturbing!
All new laws and executive orders by Trump are null and void until he and his administration are removed
What does this mean?
It means if Trump or this congress makes any new laws affecting my person while this jackass trump is in office I'm not obeying it
You'll go to jail Trump won't Putin holds the power over him his minions and the @GOP
It's more than deeply troubling

It is even more troubling that he has the ability to do so.
So do something about it.
We're beyond deeply troubling.  We need deep action.   You and your colleagues must band together and somehow force it.
It's time to shut down the government, with every tool possible, until a Special Prosecutor is named.
Trump is even worse than Nixon!!!
He is entirely corrupt and must be impeached.
Please push for a special prosecutor !!!!
Who wasn't that said Trump is not to be questioned? One of his minions.
Stephen Miller.
Do something about it before he fires you too!!
Insist on independent investigation everyday through media. Visit Trump voters who got conned bigly
How is this guy still President? Can we impeach while an independent investigation into the Russia mess is ongoing? Something must be done.
It is deeply troubling we have a @POTUS who has no regard for anyone but himself.  He is changing Democracy into a Dictatorship!
This is a direct assault on our precious democracy. We the People cannot let it stand. Help us. #impeachTrump
