So you are Biology Science Denier.
Born this way, famous song by Lady Gaga, because science doesn't know everything about sexuality. 
#LOL Because a song proves nothing when it comes Biology Science that can not be denied. Or R U Science Denier?
Non science on this one!!!!
So the biology of male-female is not settled science but global warming science is settled. Really?
Climate change seems 2 have more evidence.  As 2 sexuality, was in closet 4 so long. BORN THIS WAY I believe.
So U R saying that U can change your Biological DNA from Male 2 Female by just saying so but Climate Change is certain
Thank You Very Much.
@aepanico Go Al! Minnesota rules!
can we get the Russia scandals tied up quickly so this hateful president gets kicked out before he can turn our country to ash?
People should use bathrooms in accordance with their birth gender, unless they completed reassignment surgery.
@Varidienne you are a good man Al Franken.
you're one of the good ones. Make sure you don't should all over yourself today, Stuart!
don't you have better things to be doing!
Sorry, Al, but there is no such thing as transgender! Man or woman, that is it period! You are a shill and sick man! REPENT!!!!!
Leave it to the states. One child is uneasy, while 500 live a normal life.
Born with a body part  you are what you are
All human rights should be protected by federal and state governments. It's not either/or. Thank you!
thanks Al, love those kids. The Pres hates just about everything and everyone. We need to let them know there are good adults
@Amoney666 that's great but please keep your eyes on the prize and RUSSIA
@ternovsd Thank you.
You can still wear a dress and pee in the womans bathroom Senator, we won't mind.
@PortableRockArt Thank you Mr Franken we need more like you
Thank you!
This constituent thanks you.
Thank you Sen. Al!!!
So how many times did you collude with the Russian Ambassador? I think you should go back SNL with the boxes of fake votes.
"We hold these truths to be self evident, that all men are created equal."  Women and LGBTQ, too!
Senator with all due respect let's focus on getting I'd of Traitor Trump and his regime. The more support you give the better !!
thank you and all ypur colleegues that are standing up for what is right
Good, but this is a distraction from what ICE & Homeland are doing--the meanest roundup of people ever--woman w/ brain cancer!
@LoriSums good. But it's all distractions. Listen to Bannon's CPAC speech. The rest is unfortunate noise.
Thank you, sir. @SenFranken: I vow to fight back against Trump admin's callous decision to scrap ... http://tmi.me/1fhOUm 
How can we help?
thank you Senator Franken! Our transgender students need us to stand up and fight back!
focus on bigger things that affect more than .03 % of population
Much love and respect to you always!  You are our guardian angel!
Let them use Your bathrooms
let's subpoena his taxes! Please! #trumpgate
Just get him out of the WH, Al - we'll deal with these EOs each time they arise - you we need to do some Senating. #resist
Thank you, Sen.  Thank you for fighting for what is right.
Hey Al, how about a law forcing businesses to clean their bathrooms more than once a decade?
We need to hear more from our Democrats on the hill, we are screaming resist, we'd like to hear it about all Trump's guidelines!
Thank you! Appreciate your work, Senator!
@mbrence so you are saying some deserve more rights than others?
Thank you Senator.
Vow to run for President in '20. (Many happy memories of listening to Air America in the W. years).
Let local schools deal with the this if they have an issue. Doesn't take federal intervention
keep on fighting Al! Your job has never been more important than now!
Thank you! Please make this not words.
Thank you! 
"protect" them? You're an idiot. All the sudden the bathroom they've used their entire life isn't good enough?
that's great. Thank you. But HOW? lots of lip service from the Dems but no action. We need u to ACT on our behalf. Please
Thank you sir.  We know your work matters. Please don't let Donnie f*^k up everything.
@realDonaldTrump
@kevinbacon 
Even YOU don't know that he took it out of the Govts hands and put it back 2 ea state 2 decide!! Read ALL the news!
my favorite politician! Loved you on @billmaher
Thank you!!
@gaygullit stands together with the multiple and intersecting identities who support and defend human rights and civil liberties
Than you Senator Franklin! <3
are the heartless one.
those young girls whose privacy is violated due to people like you who pander to every special interest group out there - you
You mean the right for boys who think they're girls to go into and use the girl's room? I guess don't really care about all
Why don't you run next time, we could use a person with a mind!
thank you. Keep standing for justice and setting that example for fellow Congressmen. We are watching more closely than ever.
Minnesotans are so lucky to be represented by you and @amyklobuchar Makes me proud!
@Tooda Thank You Senator!
Thank you and @amyklobuchar for being my Senators. #Minnesota
thank you!
not all of us agree with you. You don't have to side with the left on every issue. You obviously don't have kids in school.
LOUDER. LONGER. WITH COMPANY.
Thank you Senator!
Keep up the good work Senator!
thinking,Franken/Warren, Harris/Franken, Booker/Franken, Gillibrand/Franken,Franken/Sanders.Of course any 2 will do, I can go on
I'm an Ohioan, but I donated to your office because I think you should run in 2020. I think you'd be a great president!
Thank you!!!
are you serious? Bathroom usage is NOT something we need to concern ourselves with. It's a made up crisis by Obama. Pander much?
Thank you Senator AL Frankenstein keep up the great work!
I apologize that was my smart phones error
how about with some laws that make protections less susceptible to whims of executive branch?
.@SenFranken Thank you, Senator. All LGBTQ+ individuals deserve equal protection under US laws.
@realDonaldTrump framed this as a state's rights issue, which is odd since states don't go to the bathroom
@RawwPup Thank You. You continue to give us hope.
Thank you, sir 
please don't get distracted from Russian ties
You do Minnesota proud! Stay strong & wise.
You are the pride of Minnesota!
You can do it, Senator! Franken 2020!
@TheOracle13 I'm a teacher! Trans kids have a difficult time dealing with their identities & society! We need to protect them
@davebernstein Don't get distracted.  This is a shock event to deploy us into predictable camps. Stay on the Russia, taxes, $.
thank you for being a beacon of hope
@charles116 Thank you, Senator Franken. You are the voice for many, many Americans. Even those of us outside your home state.TY!
@LeslieMarshall
thank you. For this and for always fighting for progress with a kind heart.
I VOW TO HELP ANY AND EVERYONE WHO FINDS OUT WHO THE KOCHS PAID TO BUY THIS ELECTION!
Thank you!
THANK YOU for fighting! Kids need to know they are good enough, smart enough, and doggone it people like them! #protecttranskids
could u also fight back on #MuslimBan & #deportation pls?
no. He has a duty to uphold laws/protect the country. You may disagree with his duty which is fine.
Thank you
...Mean-spirited;  unkind, motivated by cruelty or intended to be hurtful. Someone who loves to see others fail...
So proud that you are my senator!!!! Thank you for continuing to speak for us.
Trump spends his first month in office going after the most vulnerable. Pathetic
@PrincessBravato We need you to run in the next Presidential race. This is not a joke!
Thank you for every day you're on the front line. <3
thank you!
Thank you Senator!
Bravo, equal rights for all.#ImpeachTrump
Give 'em hell, Al!
@Fritzo66 you do that. You should run for and get elected the next POTUS!
Al.. Potus gas a conflict of interest. He NEVER sold his stock in ENERGY PARTNERS. he dumped it @Sunoco #JamieWelch
- So.... you're basically going to say to the majority of students who are NOT #transgender.... F U  .... #Trump
Thank you Senator Franklin!
Thank you, Sir!
Thank you
Thank you.  I can't stop crying for our country.
please follow though, we need a voice of reason.
Thank you! How about you @timkaine @CoryBooker @MarkWarner @SenWarren?
Thank you Sen. Franken!
thank you!
Any chance of you running for POTUS in 2020?
thank you for all you are doing to try to keep this county the great, tolerant, free county it should be!
Thank you!!!
thank you
@Cirellan Get in there an kick ass!!
Thank you!
Rather than platitudes how about specifics. Liberals are all about fight, fight, fight which really means blah, blah, blah.
Obama administration made it a political issue where is your brain???
Thank you. Sanity in all of this chaos!
then maybe u will lose your seat ..DNA matters...
@davebernstein who won't they hurt?  Bully White House
Why is WH focused on trans student bathroom issues, when ppl are worried a/b healthcare? Ametuer hour, except they're PAID!
Sounds like an express pay coming your way! :)
Thank you Senator Franken!
We can always count on you Senator. Franken 2020?
Thank you for being a person of good conscience. We need more like you.
Thanks you!!
@JCTheResistance And I vow to fight ppl who don't accept the private parts God gave them. Get over it liberal tool!!
THANK you Senator Franken.
thank you.
  
Thank you! We need your voice and those of others in Congress to stand up against this decision.
Thank you!
what about the girls that don't want to go to the bathroom with boys.  Love to hear your thoughts on that.
Minnesota has taken protesting to a dangerous level when you legislate that automobiles can run down peaceful protestors shame u
You Sir are my hero. Keep fighting please
Mr Franken you are an Awesome Man !!!
Thank you for being the kind of senator we need in the Senate and working hard for your constituents.
you are a great Democrat !
Thank you, senator!
@davebernstein GET HIS TAX RETURNS #trumprussia
Thank you! Transgender students in need of protection reg bathrooms  State rights shouldn't trump civil rights in all states
thank you! Stand up for all of us! Divest DJT.
Thank you!  Our most at risk youth need protections 
Go Al Go...this is eff**ng Nuts....ALL students must be protected!!!  and schools need to safe places for ALL students - !!
Bravo!! Please help the others to step up up  Too much at stake on all issues!!
good. State elected officials should stand up for this and protect our kids. And get the breitbart tyrant out.
Obama order was already mired in legal problems. Educators are compassionate and will find solutions.
. @SenFranken they're handing it to states and look how sick my/your state is handling this https://www.revisor.mn.gov/bills/text.php?number=HF0041&version=latest&session=90&session_number=0&session_year=2017 …
She has already failed. She didn't stand up for our most vulnerable.
stage a fast unto death. The situation is dire
Trump's administration got tired discriminating against foreigners so they chose to discriminate against Americans. Shame on Don
what is with all these EO's.   45 railed about it when Obama signed them.  He's a power hungry thug that has to be stopped.
Obama signed dozens more OEs than Trump has in same time period. Do your homework
I didn't compare numbers - READ.  Obama didn't sign order threatening our environment or our people.
how does it threaten people or environment? he made bathroom issue a state issue not a Federal issue. no threat
Thank You!!
.@SenFranken = Hero.
agreed! Thank you!
THANK YOU!
