And tomorrow, let's get started on working across the aisle to improve health care for all Americans.
Medicare for All.  Nothing less.  We all want this, this is not an outlier position.  Please do the right thing.

Great work on fighting for ACA, but what's next? Not answering weather or not u for single payers says a lot.
Do you have an opponent running for your seat because you need to lose.  Hopefully there's a Green or Ind running against you.
Thank you for putting us in this mess..Bernie won your state and you chose the latter #TRAITOR and don't take credit it was Bernie fighting
Great work on fighting for ACA, but what's next? Not answering single payers question says a lot. @TYTPolitics
Taxation without representation is what you upheld when you ignored the people who voted for Bernie. YOU elected Trump when you did that.
It's time. Please support single payer, senator. As you said: first we need the boots.
@jimmy_dore Here, let me give you a piece written about someone who is willing to fight for single-payer and why. http://www.ontheissues.org/Social/Al_Franken_Health_Care.htm …
bless those three brave rep. senators.
It's only a delay. A bill will pass eventually
49 Senators voted for that shitty bill. They all need to lose their job.
If the Republicans don't take their party back from tea Baggers nothing will change and we'll never see bipartisan work again.
If Dems don't take party back frm Corporatists nothing will change and social prgms will never be priority again. #SinglePayer #GetMoneyOut
It's not about the Dems doing this or that, It's about electing Dems, then WE tell THEM what we want. Badger them like we do the GOP.
#choke
Thank you for your strength and selflessness, Senator. I could honestly hug every one of you. Sleep well.
Yes...hugs for all!!!  Thank you Sir!
So do you support single payer or not?
ACA is insurance corp welfare, w/o cost control to us- the HUGE problem w it. You're either social or Corp on issue. Which? #SinglePayerNow
Pfft. No rest for the wicked. Single Payer. #SayTheWords #SinglePayerNow #TheIronIsHot
are you for #SinglePayer ?
No!
We will rest when EVERYONE has insurance via #SinglePayer and will primary EVERY incumbent who doesn't state they are for it.
It wasn't a win for the middle class!
I "win" would mean Democrats like you actually stand up for and tirelessly fight for single-payer. What about it?
It ain't over. The American public wants ACA repealed and revised. It will happen or heads will roll in 2018 come election time
If you REALLY hear our voices, here's the next agenda you should focus on
.@SenFranken, your Democratic constituents thought they'd made their voices heard when they voted for @BernieSanders. But you silenced them.
Bernie would have won.
Yes, thanks for using your super delegate vote to overrule the voice of the people in 2016. But keep congratulating yourself for this "win".
Impeach trump now.
Government officials should be forced to join Obamacare and not have their own health care system. Maybe then they might fix the system.
Our state has some of the highest premiums for small business owners and farmers. How can you support Obamacare & ask for their vote in '20
Not losing is not the same as winning. Winning looks like affordable health care for all Americans.
You too, formerly funny guy. 
Be proud and fight on! #MedicareForAll
There is no "win" while Trump is in office. Speed bumps may be removed but the road still ends at a cliff. Help us.
Thank you sir.
Thank you, Mr.Franken
& thank you! and all the Dem Senators w/o all of you standing up for the ppl you represent wouldn't of happened
McCain to t-rump. "Who's the hero now?"
Thank you Senator Franken I always appreciate every interview you given all the hard work you do
Lol, tried to say "love you mr. Franken" apparently auto correct thought I meant Frankenstein GOD I HATE THIS IPAD!
Thanks, Senator, for your tireless efforts.  We dare not rest for long, however.
@SenFranken You are good enough, smart enough, brave enough and gosh darn it, we all love you 
And as always, thank you, Senator. #Resist #TheResistance  #FreeAmerica #ImpeachTrumpNow
it was a failure
Would be a great time to start pushing single payer.  Just saying. Be bold
 Take a chance. The people have your back.
Time to work together we hope.
WE SAW..."PROFILES IN COURAGE.."...MANY WILL CONTINUE TO LIVE..BECAUSE 3 PEOPLE VOTED BY HEART AND CONSIENCE..NOT THE DEMANDS OF 1 MAN...
#SinglePayerNow
Thank you Al!
We can thank #JohnMcCain

Remember ~1/2 disagree...
Fighting for a Right wing plan that fails to recognize Universal single payer system is a failure to the American people.  Shame. @jimmydore
Were @SenateDems talking to @SenateGOP during process, trying to convince them 2 stop repeal? Receptive to Dems views 4 moving forward?
Thank you Senator Franken.
Let's all immediately stop calling it Obamacare !   From now on ACA or the THE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT!
Thank you Senator Franken
What a clown...
Thank you Senator
You, too.
@SenFranken  can Minority in the Senate start meetings with your three new friends now or do they need permission from Mitch?
This fight has just begun! We will not stop until this clown is IMPEACHED!
How about that single payer now... don't drop the ball.
Thank you!
Thank you from New Hope!
Get some rest then commence the betrayal of @SenJohnMcCain Dems: The parable of the snake "You know I am a snake, that's what we do"
Good job
You as well Sen Franken... we need your voice....
Thanks Al. Did a lot of praying for this outcome.
Proud of what!? Higher deductibles, unaffordable for this who "r supposed to afford it"? You and your D crew are ruining us.
not a win. a temporary reprieve.
Thank you Sen. Franken
Senator you need to run for potus
Single payer Al, just do it already.
Team Resistance never sleeps..
nope
Now push for single payer
It was a lost Stuart Smalley for all of us .Why don't you tell everybody how you and 18 collegues begged Obama to remove Med Device tax !
Now reach across and work on a GOOD plan to "Promote The General Welfare" of the people.
Thank you for everything Sen. Franken. You're not just Minnesota's senator. You're the people's senator, and we appreciate it. Stay strong.
Rest? It's Friday night in Trumpland - when the crazy usually strikes!
Thank you for your selfless service to all Americans! Ever think of running for POTUS?
Thank you for the work that you do.
Thank you @SenFranken for showing us how to take joy in the struggle because we know we're fighting for goodness and truth
Yeah u rhino let the American people suffer  stop obstructing everything we the people want!!
Once again, you make Minnesota proud. Even though you don't represent me, this Californian thanks you. Sen Franken rules!
No employer insurance so have open market insurance that is way too expensive at $2,300/mo for wife. Fault for-profit insurance & hospitals.
Another thankful disabled American!
Single payer now.
#StandWithDemocrats Unity!
Well now we can move on to this. HTML CODE DISCOVERED MICHIGAN ELECTIONS PAGE NIGHT OF ELECTION. CODE = script 2 HACK WEBSITES. #trumprussia
Oh,to be a fly on the wall in the white house.I can only imagine the temper tantrum.
Thank you for all you do to improve our nation!
Win for what? You had the chance in 09 to pass single payer. A couple in Manhattan committed suicide today b/c of MD bills. They had kids
Okay, and had they had single payer a number of issues could've arisen and they could've still committed suicide. You realize that single
Payer has downside risks... it can potentially increase taxes, decreasing employment, and if they had no jobs they'd likely do the same
600,000 Americans go bankrupt from Med. bills every year most have insurance. Today a couple w/2 kids committed suicide in NYC med bills
Okay, and a lot of Americans go unemployed every day. Many commit suicide. So I don't see how creating a new problem (unemployment) is a
Solution. You have to actually have a solution that addresses both issues for it to be viable in getting rid of both issues.
You too!
No it wasn't a win. It was another careless act by those who voted no. You people are not for the people. Time to vote all out and replace
A win for who?  The doctor that I can no longer see or the deductibles I now have to meet for every little thing?
We need single payer. Do you support that progressive agenda? If you're a progressive support it publicly and as passionately as @SenSanders
Thank you Al!

What about the people like the couple in NY that killed themselves today because they still can't afford to live?? Fight for something more
I hope you run for higher office.  We need level headed, smart people like you in the WH.
AL FRANKEN for PRESIDENT!!! 

AL FRANKEN for PRESIDENT!!! 

AL FRANKEN for PRESIDENT!!! 

AL FRANKEN for PRESIDENT !!! 
Hope you run for president.
Rest? LOL with that orange freak in the White House? We'll try.  You too!  Great job Al. I still think McCain meant to put his thumb up
#libertarian lol You are a fraud ;P
GIANT
Did you know in advance that the vote last night was going to go the way it did?
No! We need a Leader that ppl can believe in Now! Wins without consideration of the next battle is nothing more than a win for today.
Thank you for your tireless efforts. Now let's fix it so no one is in debt for medical.
TY sir for everything you do for this nation! #Resist
u come up with the best things to put a friday smile on our faces

I stay up with you last night and was very grateful for all that you have done.
THANK YOU TO ALL OUR DEMOCRAT SENATORS for your consistent MORALS, TRUE PATRIOTISM to the people of this country to do no harm!
Thank you Mr. Future President. We need you! A new face, a new fresh idea. Our democratic party is stale and uninventive.
Thank you Senator Franken, for your hard work and your good heart.
Thank you Senator Franken.  We are so blessed to have you in the Senate, doing the right thing.
Keep it up! #resist#persist
Um... You might thank McCain who voted to keep the very healthcare plan he doesn't use... That speaks volumes
For future reference - LOTS is Lion of the Senate...saves time and space.
I know LOTS! Which is why you need to keep on top of the other stuff. I saw you were out rabble rousing last night - okay, last night only!
Sleep is for the weak Senator

Standing by for further orders

Oh no are they going to try and vote *again* on this tomorrow?!?! I can't deal with this relentless healthcare terror!
I'm AL Franken..schmuck
go on stephanie millers show 
and also the resistance helped we called and called about our healthcare
you are a mench by the way
You too. Stress affects health #GOPSenate healthcare debacle increased stress level for millions, including Senators, affecting their health
Run for president.

Thank you, .@SenFranken, for your efforts to save ACA! You & 
.@SenateDems are true heroes. Rest up so you can return to fray & fight budget
thank you Senator Franken
So when do you start the push for single payer senator?
Hey Al, what some support for single payer?
Get with the program, or make room for someone who will.
The discussion should be to indicate Trump and the entire administration for espionage, collusion, conspiracy and stupidity!
No time to rest! Grassley and Gramm  to have the traitorous charge that this Russia crisis is FBI fault! This is irresponsible!
Great job Seen Franken! Your leadership and hard work played major role in saving our health care See you at the #impeachmentparty
Now! Can we get the R&D&I to fix the ACA where it hurts...Pay the bills, put the website back up and get sign ups! Stop the sabotage!
The other 2 senators were brace as well and we need to all thank them for taking on the bullies and to cast the right vote
What Sen McCain did was to force order and debate again. McConnell and his henchmen need voted out! Get fresh blood in there
The fight will be a constant until the GOP lose control of Congress or the WH.
Yes, more bullshit to come, momentarily...
The GOP Senators had courage! Thank you Sen McCain, you wasn't a traitor... you stood as a brave AM to change the course
Thank you! I miss the days of bipartisanship and hope to see it return someday.
Thank you Senator Franken. Get some rest.
Thank you @senfranken 

Rock on, Senator!
Thank you Senators Franken and @amyklobuchar. This ain't over yet, but you and your caucus deserve our gratitude today.
Just don't gloat...too much left to do...we must rid the White House of #Trump and the rest of the #ToxicSlime
Huge debt of gratitude to you and your incredible colleagues who fight so hard for us.
Haven't slept since November, but thanks
Thank you for your work!
Ty Sen. Franken. for your work. My wife and child both survived cancer. Trumpcare doesn't have heart.  America is about heart not greed.
Thank you Senator Franklin, for all your hard work for the American people!
Thank you!
Senator Franken thank you for your No vote.
Now is not the time to rest on our laurels!! Keep fighting the good fight!! #resist #FailureFriday
Sen Franken, I'm in NY. And I can't thank you enough for ALL that you do for all of us. Heartfelt thanks and love to you, sir.
No time to rest.  The Resistance has to work hard every day.
Proud to have you and @amyklobuchar representing the great state of Minnesota! You make is proud everyday! Thank you!
Thank you, Sen. Franken!
I think Captain McCain finally served a cold dish of revenge 
for Trump's remark about heroes not being captured...
Thank you Senator, for your hard work and defense of the American people
Watched you on @MSNBC last night. Your face was tired and grave, but your strength and perseverance have been ever present. THANKS!
No rest for the wicked sir. Trump will not rest... neither will WE.
Alright Senator, the ball's in your court. You guys bet not f*uck it up. Improve the ACA!
CAN'T REST. WILL NOT REST UNTIL THE WORST PRESIDENT IN HISTORY US GONE & TRUE & RIGHTFUL PRESIDENT IS IN. HILLARY CLINTON
You too Senator
@pc1330 Today I took a deep breath as did many others! We are in a fight for America and Democracy we will prevail! ThxS Franken
Thank you Senator Franken for hearing our voices, and caring not just about your own state, but the American People as a whole!
Thank you @SenFranken for all your efforts to save the healthcare we have.  Next goal should be universal coverage.
AGREED! Aparantly he doesn't have enough time to comment on it. #SayTheWords #SinglePayerNow
Thank you , Al. So greatful to have the support of both you and Amy in the Senate #ProtectOurCare #ProtectMedicaid
....and keep the pressure on. #TheResistance #ResistanceIsCrucial
thanks for fighting for us
What do we want? 
Single Payer!
When do we want it:
Thank you as well sir.
