If Sessions can't tell Congress the truth, how can he be Attorney General?
The same way all the lying Democrats are still in Congress.
Al Franken....you are a piss ant
U are the and Grassley called it like it was ! U set Sessions up and as decent man he didn't know how evil U were
sessions needs to resign. How can American people have faith in the justice system when the AG is a liar?
Two words:  "Phoenix Tarmac".  'Just talking about Bill's grandkids'. 1 wk later=FISA Warrant issued 4 TTower.
please refrain from making ad hominem arguments without any baseless evidence. Facts are facts!
Yep, & I stated facts.
evidence? links to evidence not conjectures
Evrytm u liberals are hit with a fact, every1 of U say same thing "Evidence. Proof". U know dang well it's true so stick it.
sorry honey thats why you kind always vote against your best interest. Us kind stick to the facts!
As chair of Trump's national-security advisory committee, would Sessions not have provided/approved of invites to Mayflower? "communication"
@ealight461 @senjudiciary just ask him to resign PLEASE!
@realDonaldTrump needs to explain business ties to #IranRevolutionaryGuard in #TrumpBaku deal. Overpaid 13mil/km
All it would take is #TaxReturns if anyone not corrupted will get them. This entire admin, including Cabinet picks is corrupt.
#Trumprussia
If you grab his pot of gold he'll automatically appear.

"Alexa....."
"Are You Connected To The CIA?"

r u kidding me?  You shdb crying out against a person in per lying, esp the AG!  Get a clue!
Acting directly as surrogate for campaign, chair national-security advisory, Sessions approves invite list. Anyone know who signed invites?
YOUR A HAS BEEN, and I can't wait for YOU to be the next one exposed! Maybe PIZZAGATE HUH??? 
you should explain why you won't do your job
Stop wasting tax payer money on political games Franken. No one is buying your gotcha game. Try investigating Pelosi or Schumer
1st time watching. Appalled & shocked. Judging & crucifying Sessions. ?-Why would he lie? Disrespect & Shameful
Your toughness is good. But it soars he committed a felony. The law isn't self-executing. Someone needs to act.
PLEASE force this to happen! This administration has to go! NOW. #Trumprussia
he has explained, think you all may have some explains of your own to do soon.
@moughthere @senjudiciary I'd love seeing #AttorneyGeneral #Sessions back but really Al they know they're in the crosshairs
but he won't . No such thing as " altering" testimony. That is an alternative definition of perjury
#Sessions lied on camera under oath to Congress and the nation. He should be arrested not invited back
The only thing SESSIONS owes Americans is his RESIGNATION..he is a disgrace to all of America!!!
. No he did nothing wrong. Democrats are obviously on a witch hunt.  Back our POS and stop wasting my tax money
@MPRpolitics
@MN_GOCRA @AmyMek @SenSchumer @senjudiciary @HouseJudiciary LEARN IT> #Vault7 #Keyboard #Fingerprint
I smell the stink of Obama all over this. You reek, Franken. Americans will get the truth. Dems will be crying.
...and what if he doesn't feel like it... What then Senator?
Yes, Please independent investigator, now before it is too late!!!!
How about you explain the fake CNN news story you were referring to. #hypocrisy
It would be in resolve if we could trust his response.  He has lied before and will again.  He needs to resign.
No he doesn’t need to come in for more harassment and devious nonsensical questions

You did nothing wrong & neither did Sessions.  You both know this. Bickering isn't helping Americans.
WHY? He answered your question exactly as you worded it. NO perjury there
Stuart smalley please shut up
So which explanations for lies are acceptable to the Senate? This will be the benchmark for all future #lies
Never happen...he'd have to plead the 5th which would ensure his resignation
Aren't you the one (and Leahy) who needs to explain why you failed to ask the question U R now claiming U asked?
I'm proud you're my senator Mr. Franken. Please keep fighting for what's right for our country
Will you spearhead the fight to have James Clapper prosecuted for lying to Congress as well, RE NSA surveillance of Americans?
@RiseUpAbove @senjudiciary Lock him up!
Agreed!!!
folks, Look up the definition of lie, and you will find u r WRONG. No intent here' question was about campaign
Has anyone referred his statements to the relevant Bar Associations for investigation?
it's time for Dems to grow up, quit acting like a bunch of babies. Your embarrassing my country
yes, he does. We all knew he was trouble and should not have been confirmed.
I think McCaskill, Pelosi, Schumer owe it to America to come before us and explain their lies, lets go.
Ridiculous Franken he owes us NOTHING. . Fake News Fake News Fake News Fake News Fake News Fake News Fake News
Your finest moment.
Please watch Sessions' bodylanguage when he stated "we did not talk about ... " At that exact moment,
he quickly looked down. He's lying, big time. Pls, don't let him (and, evtl. Trump) off the hook.
You never attended a public school. It doesn't make you better than anyone else. It makes you a hypocrite.
YES!  Sessions LIED "under oath!"  Why isn't he being CHARGED with a crime?!
You owe all of America an explanation as to why you cheated in your 1st run 4 Senate. #ComeClean
Thank you @SenFranken! Please continue to look for the truth. Also, please continue to support women: pay, health care, & more
keep up the good work keep pushing I could not agree more I want to hear his reasons for lying
no he diesnt. Read the question. He was asked if he met with ambassador and sic used campaign issues. He said no
sorry if you asked a poorly worded question and didn't like the truthful answer you got. #Stopthepolitics
love you Al. Keep this scumbag honest and save America. Our America. #draintheswamp
That is the least he could do. He knew what he was doing, trying to act coy and misleading doesn't fool us. #GetUm
can't wait till you're voted out
He lied. Why is that so hard for you to say? Your reticence is why no one respects democrats.
This seriously has to stop. How many more benefits of doubt will be given to Trump& his minions? He's responsible
Thank you for speaking out for accountability.
Of course he does, therefore he won't. Worst administration in history led by a faux President.
Thank you for persisting. Proud to call you my Senator.
He answered your convoluted, hypothetical question. I don't understand why you have a hard-on for the AG. Explain
sorry but the way you asked that question was idiotic and confusing so you should resign for stupidity
Sessions met with Russians the same week the investigations started in early September. Coincidence or collusion?
http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2017/03/07/sen-al-franken-opposed-to-school-choice-except-for-own-kids-44kyear-private-school/ …
should go back to comedy...enough of the Senate clown antics!
. You owe it to all American's to retire and go back to S&L.
@marklevinshow why dont we have Al Franken come before @senatejudiciary comm to explain his Russian ties...
remember when you asked the same of Eric Holder? Yeah, me neither.
is that the only thing you do in office? Stop wasting tax money and get the real work done for American people.
Funny how you democrats only care about perjury now? What about Clapper and Hillary committing perjury? Crickets..
@Lido21201Lido ..FRANKEN. FOR PRESIDENT 2020
bring Jeff sessions back. He lied. Grassley standing behind a racist and a lier.
You owe the same folks a day without being a liberal jack! Go back to comedy. You had a clue then!
all this shows is your inability to ask a straight question. Oh you have an agenda - that's a surprise !
Shut your trap! This is all political crap!
@ParilloGary @senjudiciary Oh please yes!
Dif-tor heh Smusma - Live long and Prosper  It is an honour to resist by your side
Senator,don't let them sweep this under the rug.Get him UNDER OATH.They want us 2 forget.
This Russia -Election hogwash you're pushing will backfire. Simply, The DNC was caught rigging the primaries.
C'mon. It will be a huge waste of tax $$. U have tweets about the little guy. Save our money. Pass anti-slush fund
Sen. Franken, please resign. Stop this stupid witch hunt.
And Sessions & his whole cess pool of liars need to go wth him & PLEASE tell them not to forget Kellyanne
Why Mr Franken ? He's a liar no 1wld believe him ppl r truly getting beyond all of the lying DT needs 2b impeached
He needs 2 resign. No credibility in what he says. He's lied under oath.Guess that only matters if u lie about sex
you failed as a politician, talk show host, comedian what's left Al?
@dickey_evans @senjudiciary yes he does.
Thank you, Mr. Franken! Too few like you in Congress. MANY traitors like @SenateMajLdr putting $ first. #resist
.@SenFranken @senjudiciary Thank you for your persistence. Do not let this WH's collusion with Russia be eclipsed by smoke screens. #resist
would also like 2 thank weird Al Franken 4 reinforcing denial of total progressive failure
A failed actor and comedian like you has absolutely no credibility. No one actually takes you seriously, Stuart.
Keep up the fight Senator, I think all americans deserve the truth and we rely on ethical people as yourself.
translation: because I royally fucked up the question with a meaningless rant.
Make sure you take the marbles out of your mouth before questioning our AG again, treat it like an SNL skit
I am counting on you! Give Cheeto Hitler the investigation to end all investigations!
AG Sessions doesn't owe you anything.
not really. Shouldn't you be working on making America Great Again?
Nancy Pelosi needs to come before the @HouseJudiciary and explain why she lied about meeting Russian Ambassador.
yes!  He needs to show up and answer for himself...what does he have to hide???  #russiaties #thankyouAlFranken
Claire McCaskill needs to come before the @senjudiciary and explain why she lied about meeting Russian Ambassador.
he doesn't owe you nothing he never lie and your no better than  senator McCarthy trying ruin lives
Saw you on C-Span hearings today and just stopping by to say thank you.

Judging by your histrionics it sound like the jig is almost up for all you corruptocrats in D.C. .@SenFranken @senjudiciary #DrainTheSwamp
This kills me Fraken ask question based on a Fake News Story & you people act like he is an icon for justice NUTS
Having witnessed you in your previous profession adds a level of hilarity to this circus I could not have imagined. Thank you
The hell he does .@SenFranken. The last honest senator left the .@senjudiciary when AG Sessions went to clean up .@TheJusticeDept
absolutely- not sure what we'll accomplish given the propensity to just lie . . .
.@SenFranken @DeJongMatt @senjudiciary Would be interesting. Have to believe that under questioning he would make an even bigger hash of it
Sessions lied. Not above the law. Past prosecutorial misconduct in AL? Maybe investigate.
good work Al give em hell
Al, you are the best -- doing Paul proud, no doubt.  PLEASE help us get to the bottom of what seems like treason!
yes!!  Thank you!
Al Franken--Guilty of Voter Fraud -FACT--
Al, Remember the 2008 Senate race you won by illegal votes, I Do---It will come back to you
@TheBprogram @senjudiciary thank u for being brace and calling a spade a spade. He perjured himself. If GOP wants to turn head 1
we will take work to turn numbers in 2018 and pursue this ourselves 2/2
please hold him accountable. His reaction after your questioning is highly unusual. He's not a very clever elf.
If he were a man of integrity, he would resign. #sessions #perjury
Thank you Senator Franken for taking the fight to them!
Also Pruitt, Price, Mnuchin, DeVos seem to have lied under oath during hearings.
Sessions never lied, you just didn't get specific enough in your questioning, Al. In other words, you BLEW IT.
Anyone else would already be tried and convicted of lying to the Senate.
please don't let him off easy, Al! Put the screws on him. We've got him dead to rights. Think how the GOP would act if reversed.
You never asked Sessions if he met w/ a Russian as a Senator in a committee - only in context of the election.
thank you. We need an inside push to hear from Christopher Steele as well
@TheAdvocateMag @senjudiciary maybe u should learn whatvperjuryvis before falsely accusing people
100 % transparency, and then one day, you get in front of an inquisition and we will see whats in your closet
You're doing a great job Al for someone who has to deal with an asshat like Grassley.
bad comedians r easily xposed, just takes a little longer to xpose bad politicians. YOU SUCK AL!
Isn't there prep for confirmation hearings?  Sessions had to know Russia would come up in questioning.  #Perjury
It's Time for Americans to hear from Sessions. Please put country before party @GOP   #shamelessGOP
Why you did not say he should RESIGN!
He owes all answers and explanations
I heard you speak today and totally agree that Jeff Sessions perjured himself!!! You are doing a fantastic job!
He who was honored with top law position 4Nation is 2smart 2misunderstand question. However smart enuff 2mislead.
keep at 'em, Senator! We are behind you
AG Sessions does not owe to none. It is #suggested to not  cause a #stir and #mislead peope. @jeffsessions @POTUS
Thank you! Jeff Sessions needs to resign! Can't imagine what he'd say if he DID appear before Committee.
I live in Canada, and following  the JS  lie, KEEP up the GREAT work u do for Minny, the USA, and the,god bless u
your doing a great job senator Franken!
@TheAdvocateMag @senjudiciary to hell with an explanation. He should resign.
Thank You Sen. AL FRANKEN
I agree.
HE OWES IT TO US TO RESIGN and go hang his head in shame, for everything.  #ResignOrGetPerpWalked
keep it up Al!  And thank you! #SessionsLied
Same rules for everyone!If I perjured myself in court,I'd be prosecuted.Just like 99% of the population. No excuse
Americans thank you for continuing to advocate for accountability in government. Truth is not a conspiracy!
.@SenFranken @senjudiciary normal people don't get do-overs. He needs to be charged with perjury.
@RedwoodGirl @senjudiciary Yes he does! Senator Franken you are an American hero thank you for everything your love trumps hate
Excellent work by you, Sen Al Franken!
Thanks for not letting Trump tweets not distract you from the core issue
@RedwoodGirl @senjudiciary Little elfin man doesn't have the cajones for that! Great job today Sen Franken-Proud of you!!Thanks!
How can we trust his explanations when he blatantly lied to your face? He just needs to resign.
.  Then push your fellow members of congress to demand it.  Enough of all talk, no action.
@realDonaldTrump he doesn't owe $hit to anybody. He's just gonna do his job that he was appointed to by @POTUS
we are with you!  Don't back down!
Thank you so much, Senator!
complete agreement w you!
Yes, he does!  Thank you for your persistence (and also diligence with vetting cabinet picks).
Sir you Alright in my book!!! you may not be my Senator but I'm proud of what you represent!!! #BringingStatesmanshipBack #KeepResisting
No he really doesn't Stuart. U R just an snl actor who stole ur seat. U r not good enuf&most Americans don't likeU
