You want to keep the mentally ill from owning guns. The only thing you stand for are the latest poll numbers.
Wait so you think the mentally ill should own guns?
Are you asking me if people's actual Constitutional rights amendable due to their health?
Someone with untreated mental issues should not have access to a machine gun. This is common sense.
Glad you agree on Trump's transgender military policy then.
Holy deflection Batman! What does that have to do with mentally ill ppl owning guns? Also Transgender=Mentally ill to you? How abt LGB(T)?
Yes, transgender = mentally ill. Unless you have info Johns Hopkins doesn't. http://www.thenewatlantis.com/publications/number-50-fall-2016 …

Lots of guns in military ICYDN
Ok so if you agree with military ban and that transgender are mentally ill, then you agree mentally ill shouldn't have guns.
SO JOIN THE CIA!
https://www.cia.gov/careers/pdf/ads/CCB10642_AngleBroch.pdf …
Joining the military is not a right. They don't let MANY people in. People need to educate themselves.
Sure it's not a right but neither is getting a job. You shouldnt not hire someone because you don't like what they identify as.
That does not apply to the military. It's not about disliking them. My god. It's about money and logistics.
I should not have to pay for someone's transition.
I shouldn't have to pay for my government to wage war over a country without due process because it's "not a real war" but meh. Taxes.
That has zero to do with this. Apples and oranges. Not even close to being comparable.
It's not something i want but it's something accept. If the military and what have you deems it best. I trust them.
keep speaking truth, Rep. John Lewis !! We need you now.  And those who are willing to stand up & fight
Thank you Rep Lewis.
Trump is the most outwardly racist White Man in recent American history! As a Black Veteran I'm afraid for my children & extended family!
Got your 6, brother.
Got your 6 ? Is that milatary for got your back ?
Yup! HOOOAH
THANK YOU!!!!@EllenMorris1222 
Thank you for being on the right side of history every time @repjohnlewis
Nothing last forever.
Thank you sir!
Love you Sir. Forever grateful to you!!
Mr. Lewis you did everything for our country and I will be praying for you and your selfless giving.
U otta be ashamed equating tranvestites wanting to fulfil their fetishes in ladies rooms to the 400 year plight of Blacks. #godiswatching
You are wrong educate yourself before you open your mouth
He is another real American hero
Thank you @repjohnlewis
You can't "identify" as a gender. Biology and genetics don't work like that.
As someone trained in biology, I will say you're incorrect. Whatever geno-determinism you're assuming for gender is weaker than you think.
What is your "biology training?" I'm ever so curious.
Doctoral courses and research at a university with a strong national profile in biosciences.
If "trained in biology" means "took a couple of biology courses" then virtually everyone is trained in biology.
You won't find many who've participated in doctoral training and research, though.
You don't even have a degree. And you claim expertise in anything? Oh my.
I have three degrees, sister dearest. Verily you must correct your reading difficulties, post-haste.
Ephesians 2:4-5
But #God, who is rich in #mercy, because of His great #love with which He #loved us, even when we were [1/2]

Keep fighting.
We all thank you for your courage and your voice.
I am glad that you, "Don't feel no ways tired you (I) come to far from where (I)from where you started from..."
I'm with you.
Thank you. You have my total respect and admiration.
Then I question your knowledge of protected classes and discrimination under equal protection.
Thank you for being you strong
That's why you are an American hero.
Thank you Mr. Lewis!
Realistically, it was your, and others like you, ideals,that implemented discrimination standards. Hang on tight, liberalism is falling hard
trump was just quoted as being a chaos profiteer!! So true......  @realDonaldTrump
Thank you! My respect for you grows each day because you consistently stand up for the rights of ALL people!
I read @repjohnlewis autobiography in college, changed my life. Now #March 1,2&3 are books my Ss LOVE and read during holocaust unit. 

We all need to "keep the faith" now more than ever!
Always ... always says the right things! Thank you for all that you do. #Hero
He say's the right things, but his actions reflect those words as well.

Walks the walk. John Lewis is what real leadership looks like.
He is an icon
Yes, he is... And your consistent concise messaging is always appreciated. You are noticed @K_JeanPierre. You do @repjohnlewis proud.
What has that guy done since he was arrested decades ago?  I'll let you google him cuz there isn't much
Google is hard, isn't it?
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Lewis_(civil_rights_leader) …
Spot on. What has Paul done?
Please continue to fight. You are awesome and have done many great things
I adore your personal growth regarding LGBT rights. Leaders have to educate and move the people toward justice and you have constantly.

I would be livid if I had lived under segregation, john. Are you really comparing second class status to a disqualification to serve?
You support affirmative action, which is literally discrimination based on race.
Homosexuality is not a race nor color, it's an abomination. Stop the foolishness.
#gender confusion is a mental illness
Thank you Sir!!!!!
Amen! We Love you John Lewis!
Thanks.
Thank you

#TransRightAreHumanRights
Non sequitur. Are all "humans" eligible for service?
Ever been a pow??
Read his story- a POW of the war on civil rights
Lol do you know what it's like being a pow? No
Whether he is a POW or not has nothing to do on whether he is a hero, big boy. He fought for those who were held down, then and now.
Yes it does matter.
Equal opportunity to exterminate black Libyans (under Obama/Clinton), be used as pawns for oil mafia, war criminals, massacre innocents @HRC
I respect ur journey immensely. But, as an Army vet, I shouldn't be forced to shower in an open bay environment w/ diff sexual orientations.
The specific issue of shower facilities is addressed in the Commander's handbook, pp. 60-61. No1 is forced. 
https://www.defense.gov/Portals/1/features/2016/0616_policy/DoDTGHandbook_093016.pdf?ver=2016-09-30-160933-837 …
There is doctrine & then there is reality. 90% of open bays have not been modified in mass training environments, & alt showering times..
We all know you're really a slitheen #whovian
where did this even come from? WH just came out n alienated yet anothr group of ppl.With evrthng going on this was a priority?
Go back to sleep.
The issue is whether or not soldiers already in should have their "transitioning" be accommodated, which Obama had funding allocated for.
We gotta keep on fighting harder
TY for your fight, your strength and message!
We are looked at as we not able to raise a kid on our own or a father is not a good enough parent as the mother. All you have done is wasted
You're a loser!
It's a disgrace. Please help us Mr Lewis!
President Twimp has gone from crazy, to crazy asshole with this one.
Thank you John Lewis. Sanity is needed right now.
Now HERE is someone with listening to! A REAL American who worked hard against ALL discrimination& isn't bitter 4 the way he was treated
I'm a racist. I hate orange people and cockroaches. @Scaramucci @realDonaldTrump
Thank you Sir! It is VERY REAL!  Women approach completely Wrong!!!! Inefficient weak methods, which further empowers the thing they fight
PEOPLE HAVE A RIGHT TO DISPLAY HOW THEY FEEL! IT IS A GOD GIVEN FREEDOM !AS LONG AS THEY DON'T TRESPASS ON OTHERS!
Me2
Amen brother.
Thank you. You are an inspiration!
Never take down you are a true man of God....
Being black, white, brown, isn't a choice. Neither is your gender. Jesus said, in the beginning, God made them male & female. Seperate but =
No discrimination here.
Thank you for your continued courage and leadership. Your inclusive voice for civil rights gives me hope. #AmericanHero
This is not gender discrimination. Nobody cares, whats up your skirt or in your pants.  What I protest, is taxpayers paying 4 their change!
And then Obama started race baiting and dividing the country again.
Please do not quote the Bible concerning this business its not helping.
Hey mate, massive fan of your stores. Any chance of selling more sports gear?
Can White Reps join the Black caucus? Why not? Is it segregated?
They can as associate members.
They should be full members as it affects governing. Party caucuses are a different animal. A group determined by race is wrong!
Ok.
This is a very disappointing false equivalence. You know better.

Someone's certainly trying a little too hard to regain some relevance.
YOU DON'T CHANG ANYTHING THAT GOD HAS MADE!! & GOD DIDN'T MAKE NO JUNK♡♡♡♡
Rep Lewis, it's a shame more ppl can't see others thru my eyes... Blindness. Also, love is pure & that's true of LGBTQ Community too.
But killing Muslims in your wars you are ok with
YES!
You Americans need to stop drinking all that fluoride! You're goin mental! If someone has a dick they male. A vagina they female. Its simple
Lol! Cool! I feel ya!!!
You are reacting to the past. You are not being objective. Actually we have army personnel with aspirations to a sex change, should we pay?
#OneNationUnderGOD  I think you are almost as unhinged as him...
Right, John. Armed forces should allow blind & morbidly obese folks in too.  After all, there are few physically demanding jobs in the Army
John...how can we change the rules so former presidents can run for office?
If we are truly made in the image of God, then God is all things and so are we. We should embrace that. #LGBTQ #EqualityForAll
Me too as a middle class white male
Grateful for you, Mr. Lewis!!!
I have great respect for you, Sir. Thank you for all you do for our country's least represented.
We're still fighting! We can't allow Trump or the gop to reset history to meet their agenda.The world is watching.United we stand always
I agree. Love is always the answer
Mr. Lewis thank you for being the human being that you are. I appreciate what you have done through the years. Again thank you.
Word!
Stop playing the race card
Hero
John Lewis survives off playing the race card and manipulating.  Mason Weaver knows your game.
Time IMPRICK THE PEACH!!
Thank you, John Lewis, for all that you have done and do !!!

@tristanwalker the civil rights movement was for the blackman not (white) women, LGBT etc. Stay Black!
It would be an easier fight to win together!
Discrimination is a disease that spreads hate.
If we stand for nothing; the bigotry against @POTUS44  ..we fall for anything ; tyranny, possible dictatorship by @POTUS
Agreed 
Yet we don't even notice that we agree discriminate by thinking that generations are different. #StopUsingTheMword
"Gender identity" is a choice. Race &/or color are not. Kinda important distinctions
we're with you all the way.
Yay! Keep promoting, and enabling the "gender identification" mental illness.
They just declared my daughter and her wife to be "less than".
I love you, @repjohnlewis.
Hey John what have you done lately for people  ?

I love you!
You are still fighting,because you are a hero sir.
"Gender identity" is a CHOICE and BELIEVEf where race/skin color is genetics so stop with the warped radical divisiveness
Cite one example, please.
God bless you sir.
I fought too long to end discrimination based on race and color to allow discrimination based on gender identity to be considered acceptable
Always another con for a con artist.
Never give up
We will fight with you @repjohnlewis
Is bourgeoisie considered a gender?
@repjohnlewis you fought hard for "choice" when it came to drinking & eating at "whites only" establishments. Why not school "choice" ?
please don't compare race issues to lbgt ones. They are fuckin world's apart. It's childish and insulting to compare.
Never give up, never quit!
Thank you from a Navy veteran
It's a long, hard fight. But now, the "anti-social justice" movement is getting in the way online. They will never change their minds.
Then why do we allow Asian & white college students to be discriminated against? It violates the 4th & 14th Amendment.
thank you! How about discrimination based on disability? DEMS please demand more Disabled reporters!
Amen! And this is not who will are as Americans! Thanks for your service to the American ppl. keep fighting and done give up! God bless USA!
Currently listening to a guy singing "eat as much ice cream as you want." I love NY. #WASHINGTONSQUAREPARK
Race is an objectively verifiable physical reality,whereas gender identity is a completely subjective mental state,can't be proven/disproven
Thank you sir! It's just sad that in 2017 the fight continues...
PREACH
Lol
You are a national treasure and true American hero.
Take it Down
PRESIDENT TRUMP, PRESIDENT TRUMP..Now REPEAT THAT when You Go to BED TONIGHT! OKAY?
stop pushing your racist attitude to the people.Gender is set when the baby is in the belly.DNA says there are 2 genders.No gender identity
Then is the Bible discrimination.....?
It is NOT discrimination to keep Queer Men out of a Girls Bathroom you Moron.
Race, colour, gender identity. 

Did you ever fight to end discrimination based on sex?
Thank you!
Amen
John, use some wisdom..He sees and hears all.. Proverbs 6:16-19
Amen!
Meatheads.
illness instead of treating it.
I love people for their beauty souls not their gender or sexuality identity Discrimination needs to have consequences. #TransBan is shameful
A frightening autocratic distraction
@ckkoch3  Thank you Mr. Conscience of the House!
You're the best sir.
Racial discrimination and a boy who thinks he is a girl are not in the same universe.
Took a look at your TL.

The big question is

Why are you so interested in other people's sexuality?

Live & let live.
What is TL?  As for sexuality my position is:  Anything goes as long as is private and no one gets hurt.
John Lewis Your an American Hero Trump is an Embarrassment For Lieing Everday @nytimes Posted Trump s
One Question: "DUDE, DO YOU EVEN HEAR YOURSELF?"
You make me so proud to be from Georgia!
AMEN
YOU are a true American hero, John Lewis!
Go get 'em, Rep. Lewis!
yes
Sir, I've been thinking of you all day. With gratitude. You are a steadfast warrior and I thank you for it.
Amen! 
in America run major cities by slave Masters Masters is that why you have approved laws against free speech
Tell 'em, Mr. Representative!
Beautiful words.  Thank you so much!  We will fight for equality for ALL!
Thank you for your dedication to America - the country we are and the one we aspire to be.
You mean you have been fleecing your constituents too long. Easy mistake. #transmilitaryban
