Does GOP support the Better Care Reconciliation Act, which according to nonpartisan @USCBO would cause 22M more people to become uninsured?
Do they support "Cruz Amendment," which would bring back junk insurance plans that offer no protection and drive up out-of-pocket costs?
Or will GOP rally behind their backup option—a plan to repeal the Affordable Care Act and replace it with nothing. Let me repeat: nothing.
Or will it be something else entirely? We don’t know. This is reckless and irresponsible. Minnesotans and all Americans deserve better.
It doesn’t have to be this way. Our constituents sent us here to improve their lives. So, I urge my Republican colleagues to vote no.
Let’s work together. Let's do all we can to make sure that people have access to affordable, high-quality health care when they need it.
No insurance co subsidies, remember the bank bailouts.  Pvt companies should not exist on the backs of the taxpayers. NO INSURANCE SUBSIDIES
Thanks, Seen. Franken.
Why does the GOP push this crappy bill so hard, when nobody wants "Trumpcare"#americanslast#billionaires rule#wakeupusa#monster
Because they've been promising for years to repeal and think that's a promise they have to keep (even tho only 17% now support it), Pathetic
It's not pork barrel, it's a pig-in-a-poke bill
Not repeal GOP, repeal AHCA.  AHCA doesn't need doctoring, it's time to call in the morticians.  Clean repeal, 2 year grace to rethink.
Do any of them not take insurance away from 22 million Americans in order to fund tax cuts for the wealthy?
Try a full repeal first Al.
A descent into legislative maddness.  Trump and McConnell are making a mockery of what once was the greatest deliberative body in the world.
Sen. Franken....please tell @GOP to Vote NO - do the right thing! Stand up to McConnell and stand behind your constituents!!
John McCain is coming in sick to work today to vote - to take away my healthcare! How did things get like this America?
This is a bad script on SNL, GOP needs to be for all Americans.
It is 2:23 am where I am, I am worried that my chronic adhesions will once again cause me to be without health care and I am back to ER care
The President thinks Obamacare is 17 years old
Neither do they.
anyone who votes yes on something they haven't seen can no longer continue their political career! #VoteNo #VoteNoDeathcare
Repeal means reducing regional health services while putting more folks on the street.
Jeminy Crickets, what is wrong with GOP?
Thank you, sir. My TX Senators seem to not understand what their constituents want & what will happen to them if they mess this up.
Wtaf.
Al, your government doesn't want healthy, intelligent people. No $$$ in that. They want cancer, addiction, & dying. #greedyfuckinggovernment
it's insane. I hope the @SenateGOP realize they need to go back to the drawing board, but I certainly am not holding my breath.  Depresssing
https://media.giphy.com/media/nkFlHz7nkskko/giphy.gif …
I guess you will just have to be surprised
Apparently the only way to get enuf Republicans on board is to NOT reveal bill until AFTER vote. Plausible deniability, Gangnam GOP-style.
Text "resist" to 50409 and tell your Sen & Rep to vote NO!
GOP is embarrassing themselves and digging a deeper hole. They just won't  allow themselves to work together w/Dems.
Just make damn sure they state which one BEFORE the vote so they can't pull a fast one.
Thank you for all you do!
It's only 17% of the economy. What could possibly go wrong?
The question is, do they even know?
When will we be able to go to bed and not worry about health care ?
Thank you for speaking out.
you're one of the rare ones @SenFranken . how i wish there were more ppl on earth like you. it's more horrifying here every day.
Help us please!
Thank you, Senator! You make me proud.
Grrr. So frustrating. And frightening. This is my future!
Just say NO. If anybody is willing to cut 22 million or 32 million people off from healthcare. You don't deserve to be a senator. IMPEACH
What happened to those opposing women senators from last week? Who paid them?
Anybody from either party willing to vote to pass something they haven't seen or read should immediately forfeit his/her seat.
Is it me, or does this seem like an undemocratic process?
It hurts to watch.
Thank you for fighting for us.
This is gearing up to be the biggest bait and switch of all time. What is wrong with these idiotic Republicans anyway?Why do they hate USA?
Just say NO.
AG is working on the redacted draft as we speak...
I thought it was dead? #GOP cannot lead
@realDonaldTrump doesn't care what's in it as long as he gets a win. And he just fired up @boyscouts in support. Oh, and to boo @POTUS44
It really doesn't matter...each version is a shittier version of the one prior. Pick your poison.
WTH is going on over there. This is insane!!  Please tell me there are some Repub senators voting against whatever the hell it is
No patient advocacy groups, medical professional groups, insurers, doctors orgs want any of this to go forward.
We have not know WHAT THE HELL HAS BEEN GOING ON since trump won !  you need to run for president Mr Franken and I'm Canadian  HAHAHAHA
Apparently neither do many REPs, according to Sen. S. Collins. What a way to run a railroad!
Well, he apparently wants to overturn the 17 year old ACA that was apparently passed during the Clinton era...so who the hell knows?
Thank you, please keep reminding them these are their countrymen that they are sentencing to death, some hero's who fought 4 r country!

@SenFranken I call it "Economic Cleansing"
Trumpcare coming soon? @realDonaldTrump never care about American. Wake up people
They just want to "win."   They don't care about the people who rely on essential   benefits or exchanges.  People will die!  Shame on them!
Could it be an OR bill? Accept this OR accept this deal??? Trump has hurt our nation.
its a nightmare thats worse everyday
It better be #FullRepeal ONLY. That's what we voted for. No replace. We'll vote our anyone who doesn't vote to #RepealObamacare in 2018,2020
So by full repeal and no replace you mean anyone on AHA is shit outta luck? Really? Or am I not understanding this
Those on Medicaid will still be on medicaid. Everyone else can pay for their own insurance.
That's ridicules!
E for effort.
Trump just wants a win. Trump doesn't care what it is, just to mark one in the win column
the final coin toss will be exciting.
