Glad to see a new @USFWS proposal would build on that by expanding fishing and hunting opportunities at MN Valley National Wildlife Refuge.
Thanks, @SenFranken .

Into uranium and the Clintons
hunting? hmm don't like it, don't like that at all! otherwise, you are awesome & we need more like you!
Why not? Who do you think pays for conservation?
When @SenFranken were the first and last times you hunted, fished, camped, hiked, biked or recreated outdoors in the Land of 10,000 Lakes?
I thought this read, "...with 10 + latkes..."
There are actually more like 11k lakes in MN. To be accurate. No, I cannot name them all. I just know what satellite mapping has proven.
Beautiful state!!!
When is it open season on T-Rumps?  How did they survive the dinosaur extinction?  Dodged it.
And freezing your nuts off come winter?
I do my hunting at @kroger.
Best senators too
Yes help to protect our natural resources by stoping mining in northern MN and subsidize renewables to stimulate jobs and economy in MN
Beautiful and progressive state, just soooo cold.
Not really so cold anymore. That's a myth to keep out the weak of spirit! 
The occasional bot or R plant in this series of responses is sad for this country. When did everyone forget manners? When did we stop caring
And mosquitoes don't forget the mosquitoes.
Boo to huntingDown w/huntingUnless it is for absolute survival or designated persons who are there to handle pop. control
Hunter = sadist
Hunters are the largest financial supporters of conservation efforts. What have you done?
Mayors of towns normally pay for parks and rec stuff with taxes. Not Senators unless there's legislation or law in that state passed.
And gosh, darn, people like me.
It must be protected
Holy shit, I just agreed with @SenFranken . Satan, enjoy the ice skating.
TRUMP WAS NOT WELCOMED WHEN HE CAME HERE PRE-ELECTION AND HE CERTAINLY WOULDN'T BE WELCOME NOW. NO WORDS ABOUT OUR DEAD MILITARY OR MOSQUE 
MN is the best!!  Can't wait to get to Ely for vacation later this month!  Have been there from MO almost yearly since I was 2 months old 
10,000 lakes?! What are their names?
If you knew MINNESOTANS you would know appx.90% hunt to eat. It's VISITORS that hunt for "fun". MN's are extremely environmental mindful!
My family and I have been using the beautifully kept trails all over the Maplewood/White Bear area. THANK you for keeping MN a SANE place!
Wow that is profound.  You are inept and an embarrassment.
More political doublespeak
Just got your book "Giant of the Senate" and can hardly wait to start reading it tonight!!!
Hopefully you'll be able to save it from Ryan Zinke and his policy to open public lands to drilling, and mining.
Finally, a tweet I can get behind!  Ur darn tootin' 
Minnesota is on my bucket list, Al! Specifically, Voyageurs NP, but Minneapolis and other things too
A Hmong millions of other attractions: Minnesotans, who have sent Franken, Mondale, Wellstone, Klobuchar, and Humphrey to Senate.
Another thing for libs to screw up
and quality of living. And jobs. And education. And frozen snot.

Let's continue to protect our beautiful state & country. We care, we are watching, & we vote. @amyklobuchar @GovMarkDayton @RepErikPaulsen
Shout Out to the Pine Cone in Marcell!!
LOVE the North Woods!!!

I really like you Al
But this tweet makes me think you're a bot
A Franken bot

Take Action: Tell #Congress to reject HR 2603. This dangerous bill will remove protections from Africa's #wildlife. http://bit.ly/send_a_message_today … 
Shhhhhh......don't tell trump, he will find a way to ruin it.
@RSosnowchik
I think he meant 11 lakes
So let's get @RealDonaldTrump out for a golfing expedition in the BWCA.
Without bug spray.
The thought of Trump in the BWCA is hilarious!
"What a dump! Nothing is gold plated.  WHAT DO YOU MEAN I DON'T HAVE DATA SERVICE OUT HERE?!"
Al, I am on the last CD of your recent book!! Love it!! Would love to hear more Cruz and Mitch stories; they are both such putz
Dah!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ok.
and you better hurry before the nuclear holocaust
Do you have bunkers?
It's so clear this string is really just a commercial for the Franken International Hotel and Conference Center in downtown Austin, MN. Sad.
Really? I'm a Minnesotan and have never heard of that place...
I'm kidding. Comparing Sen. Al to that guy who owns a big hotel in DC. Besides, Austin has Spam Museum and needs no extra promotion! 
That was pretty funny Ron.   
Wanna go Ice fishing this winter?



Al 2020
A myth we perpetuate to keep out the weak of heart and spirit! 
And a couple good senators, too.
and birding....the Sax Zim Bog is amazing!!
Don't forget to mention the mosquitos, big as piper cub airplanes.  But, yes, Minnesota is a beautiful place. Loved Pipestone Nat. Monument
For hunting? Oh my! Doesn't that involve guns?
Is it a good place to hide from nuclear war? Probably better than Guam.
It also is walking distance to Canada. Maybe say that first

I'm jealous!
thoughts on this, my dad was born in Duluth and I am loving your book, hope to visit someday
maybe relatively safe from a nuclear attack as well~
I suggested to Mr. Trump to visit the dunes in Winchester Bay in Oregon to relax and clear his head. It helped me.
Fuck that! We don't want him anywhere near for even the briefest time. It's okay if he flies over on his way to Guam.
And check out the International Wolf Center in Ely, MN! @IntlWolfCenter is a must see educational center! See the current Ambassador Wolves!
Isn't the Hockey Hall of Fame in Ely too?
You had me with the farmer's market price for corn. I live in Philly, we pay much more, almost the cost of gas to drive to MN.
Just finished Giant of the Senate. Great book!
Enjoy while you can.
We will all be running there, soon?
Stop now! I was supposed to go to the family cabin on the 19th, but I have to stay home and work extra hours for my health insurance co-pay.
Al, please ask your GOP colleagues to rein in Trump's insanity. He's clearly not fit for office.
almost Canada...
Beautiful MN lakes! One time I got chased by a pack of WILD BOAR at one of them!
Oh Senator Franken. Please save us. Your friend in Wisconsin.
I love this idea
