Ted Cruz just stated the people have spoken.
For some reason, he keeps forgetting that they chose Hillary Clinton.
Did u not take civics...electoral college wins the game...it's not a popularity contest
because "the people" chose Hillary Clinton
That was the greatest thing I've ever seen!
You earn glory for those steps of resistance, Senator! It PAYS 2b on the right side of history!!!
election 2018 good luck with that....
Thank you for honoring MN by fighting Trump. Exhaust GOP in DC & we will exhaust them here in MN.
You lost. Approve them ALL.
YOU ARE SO WRONG TO BE ON TV HAVING A TEMPER TANTRUM.
...your entire opposing arguments to @SenatorSessions nomination was brilliantly presented...
take on Cruz you'll regret it. You're not in the same realm of intelligence as Cruz. 
 @senjudiciary @SenatorSessions
Cruz isn't intelligent he's just arrogant. We TX (R) will vote him out I promise
Hilarious. Fake new egg acct, gutless coward hiding real identity. 
@SenFranken @senjudiciary @SenatorSessions
UR the FAKE!  Sessions is a Racist! R u wearing ur pointy white hat today?
can't read? Sessions rid Alabama of the KKK @calamity_janna @senjudiciary @SenatorSessions
@BluzzieBird @senjudiciary @SenatorSessions VOTE NO ON ALL OF THEM!!!!
America needs to replace fools like Sen Franken. Looking forward to when Sen Al Franken Term ends January 3, 2021
Awesome.   We didn't have to wait!
Clown. Fool.
Says the guy whose avatar has his finger up his nose. #irony
That's the best you've got? Brilliant. You told me. Bravo.
Nope, not my best. Just the best effort you were worth
Whatever gets you to your safe space.
Watched the whole thing. i'll make this simple ....
  #franken2020
Watched and you clearly conveyed your concerns and facts.  Thank you...
Great Work!  @indivisible @MoveOn
Watched your speech at the committee hearing; Well done!  Good that you exposed the 'contempt for the truth' therein.
You are such a joke..Go back to Hollywood
Uncivil and disgusting behavior in committee...what a shameful display.
Lets see..a debate between Franken & Cruz?? A knife at a gun fight..but Franken..a butter knife!
Thank you for being our voice.  Such a bigot cannot be confirmed in this racist administration.
Your speaking for me too Al. 
Great Job today,as a former Air America listener ,after all these years #PeopleStillLikeYou
THANK YOU! You are the voice of sanity in this Twilight Zone horror.
thank you Sen Franken. You laid out the whole truth plainly and clearly. We will not stop #resist
SHAME ON @GOP!!!!!
ALL REPUBLICANS ARE A BUNCHOFRACIST PIGS! #SESSIONS IS THE MOST DESPICABLE! INDIVIDUAL EVER APPROVED4OFFICE SHAME! #KKK #TheResistance NO!!!
it is not the Rep attacking people in the streets!
Have you forgotten that you represent all the citizens of the United States of America?
@SenateDems AL FRANKEN WAS AMAZING CALLING OUT SENATORS SESSIONS & CRUZ! PLEASE KEEP DOING IT!
Weasel
@TheDemocrats Well done! Tired of GOP hypocrisy. Fight back! #Indivisible #resist #votenosessions
will the real Ted Cruz please stand up?! http://www.cnn.com/2016/05/03/politics/donald-trump-rafael-cruz-indiana/ …
WELL DONE SENATOR. Well done sir. #FalseClaims
I watched it. I was so proud of you I could have jumped through the TV. I told a friend to watch.
say "No!" for us from Minnesota.
thanks Al! Everything we do from now on *has* to have teeth, or we're wasting time! #resist
so much is forgotten  due to the short att. span of people, keep shining the light!
go get in the back of the bus. Your time is limited
Thank you for trying to protect our Democracy today @SenFranken.
Thank you for speaking up, Senator Franken.
The lack of manners and failure to address those present...are these illusions from too much of ?
Thank you, Sen Franken, for standing up and speaking and fighting for YOUR time to speak today!
thank you for speaking truth to power
<3
Great work today, Senator. Thank you for fighting the appointment, with facts. Keep it up.
Thank you @SenFranken for fighting.  A lying senator hostile to civil rights should not be our AG
Your testimony today was rude and boring.
thank you, Sen. Franken. Your words today will not be forgotten.
You go Senator! Great job.
You did a great job today, Al. Those who voted yes for the lowlife have no backbone #AHOTUS
Thank you for ripping the people of Minnesotal, Senator during these trying times. Proud of you!
I LOVE YOU!
. Keep it up-several senate seats opening up
Thank you, Sen. Franken, for the objections you raised today. Texas apologizes for douchbag Sens.
You are fearless! Compelling statement, wish your colleagues weren't spineless.
Ugh  pontificate old news? No questions? More silly dem games played @ country's expense.
Thank you sir! Brilliant job!
IMPEACH TRUMP UNDER THE RICO ACT FOR TAX EVASION, THIS CHEESTOS BATHING BASTARD HAS TO GO
thank you
as a Republican, I am appalled at how Sen Franken was treated.  Embarrassing
I were great on horrorible sessions and Lyin' ted. Keep it up !
Al, 8 minutes ovr time, mre BS blather, & guss wht? U lost. Senator Sessions, we congratulate u!
You are my hero!
@ladyboomernyc @senjudiciary @SenatorSessions proud of you Senator this is the fire we dems want to see.
You can't shine Sen Sessions shoes knitwit @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @WhiteHouse @JudgeJeanine
Thank you, Al.  Your testimony was on fleek.
http://youtu.be/Vzv2rIVXN0Q  via @youtube thank you.
lol
Thanks for your speech Senator Franken.
thank you.
Would  to c u & Elizabeth Warren on a 2020 ticket! U seem to b the only 2 not afraid 2 stand up!
Great job, Senator. Watch for cane yielding foes, revenge seems to be in the works. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caning_of_Charles_Sumner …
Watched it. You were awesome. This fight must be exhausting, but we're counting on leadership
Thank you Senator Franken. Thank you for giving voice to our concerns.
Senator Nut Case..Have an aide read you the definition of MAJORITY, and MINORITY. Means YOU lose!
Thank you for saying Everything that NEEDED TO BE SAID. Wish I was in DC & could work 4 u. 2020?
Thank you Senator Franken For standing against Sessions for AG
thank you for speaking our distaste. Thank you.
good try Al, thank u.
Sessions has zero ethnics, zero creditably lies then lies to cover, Cruz sucks being a lawyer
thank you for standing up for truth.
My Hero!  Thank you for calling out racists and especially calling ComradeTrump the LIAR he is.
don't confirm or cooperate with them at all!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Obstruct them at all costs!!!!!!!!
You did good Senator. Thank you!
I watched you in the Sessions hearing. Kudos to you! What can I as a citizen do to assist you?
watch your lies
Franky boy. You do know that in 08 Obama did NOT WIN the popular vote against Hillary?
Great job Al! Lying on application is grounds for "You're Fired" right? OK for @SenatorSessions ? #TrumpsterFire
you are dishonest and all that is wrong with Washington @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor
good job by you and Sen Whitehouse.
Thanks for exposing their bullshit in public & on the record.
#FuckTrump

Thank you @SenFranken for speaking out against Sessions. What's happening in this country is disgraceful. @senjudiciary @SenatorSessions
thank you for rejecting sessions!
THANK YOU for voting NO. I live in Alabama & know Sessions is a terrible choice. Shame on GOP.
HOW DARE YOU CALL PRESIDENT TRUMP A LIAR?!!BAD CHOICE.DO YOURJOB AND CONFIRM JEFF SESSIONS.
Thank you Sir for your efforts. You did very well. Keep up the good work.
You did an amazing job. Unfortunately not everyone is listening.
I'm watching live. Inspirational. Please update your book with a chapter on @tedcruz #resist
well done, sir
BRAVO, Sen.! Thanks on behalf of the American majority who didn't support Donald for taking it to Texas weasels
@BluzzieBird @senjudiciary @SenatorSessions 

Just saw Sen Franken's extraordinary #truthtopower 
Statement. Thank you sir!
Thank you, sir, for speaking out!
"The limits of tyrants are prescribed by the endurance of those whom they oppose." - Frederick Douglass
THANK YOU for STANDING UP &Calling them on the BS.If ONLY some of the GOP had as much GUTS as you
GREAT SPEECH 
Se, Frankenstein, Thank you for "Speaking truth to power".   Keeping fighting!
Thanks for your efforts. Please keep it up!
@SenateDems @NRSC Only @SenateGOP Can Save Our Hard Won Democracy. PLZ vote NO for Sen. Sessions. #NoRubberStamps
Thank you for speaking truth to power and showing the hypocrisy and hearts of darkness that brought down our democracy. @CNN
great statement Senator Franken!
Thank you so much for your testimony today, Sen Franken.
the People appreciate your statement b4 @senjudiciary cmttee 2day. @SenatorSessions will b an abomination as AG
Thank you Senator Franken for your resolve and stern handling of the committee.
Thank you Senator!!! I just missed the vote... what happened??
Great job defending the truth!
you were great! Keep up the great work!
brother in law is registered alien not eligible to vote but they registered him who uses it
He needs to go back to his roots as a comedian  he's not a good senator

Dems pontificating same BS over & over again. Who do they think is listening? Their constituents can't even sit thru a high school lecture.
thank you so much for trying to stick up for our country. @senjudiciary @SenatorSessions shame on you
Good work Al...in keeping with what you are...YOU LOSE!!
Sessions will not be independent & stand up to @POTUS & #PresidentBannon's unconstitutionality!
thank you for setting the record straight. I am an independent that supports the Dem resistance!
Thank you, @SenFranken
Watching you on MSNBC right now. All I can say is no matter how it turns out
You need Eddie Murphy sitting next to u during your BS skit. POS!
YOU weren't funny at all on SNL..but as a Senator..you have become HYSTERICAL!!!! By accident!!

give it a rest, there is no prize for getting more votes. And Franken was elected by fraud!
HEY Al, How R u so uninformed? Fact checked 2death? I CHALLENGE U 2 watch
I am watching & Senator Franken, you make me feel proud.
we cannot count on SenSessions to uphold civil rights/voting rights or be independent of Potus
I had to change channel! You droned on & on it was miserable!
Watching now, so well said! Bravo! Thank you for speaking up!
still on the rolls & moved 5 yrs ago my son reg in 3 states as he moves & not taken off my
Righteous anger + smart + unbowed (sometimes with humor). Watching now & very proud of you. MN should be too.
Thank you, Senator Franken!  Keep up the fight!
Subversion of the U.S. seems popular, but the rule of law is in PLACE! Why haven't you learned?

I find it funny those saying he is not qualified to be senator yet look who is in white house.
Good job this morning, Senator Franken.
if they were listening and had consciences they'd vote no!  Ignorance won't make yes vote just!
you're our last hope. Stay strong!
THANK YOU FOR CLEARLY POINTING OUT THE FLAWS!  PLEASE KEEP UP THE GREAT WORK!!
AHH HE'S THERE! HERE WE GO! CRUZIN' FOR A BRUISIN'
Al, you are AWESOME.
Good job!
Dear Sweet Testimony "not our job to shade his record" Thank you for calling it like it is!
Well done mr. Senator!
Still working on your snl skits i see .....
Well done, Sen. Franken.  Very well done.
thank you for having America's Back Sen Franken
Keep holding up progress it's only helping us to vote out Dems running in 2018. Great job 

you make me hopeful for America again, Go Al!!!
#Asshat
watching now.
I'm watching it now - awesome work today Senator Franken!!
thank you Senator!  Fantastic job!
Sen Franken is making good points.Sen. Sessions doesn't seem to have much Civil Rights experience
Given that #DJT uses Gobells projection techniques voter fraud claim MAY really be about HIM.
I'm watching - unfortunately many in the room are on phones or talking to others!  Shameful!
Give'em hell Al! Watching you now...making me so proud! #StopSessions
Obstructionist bloviater
