And they're waaaay smarter than you could ever be.
Sen Al, please be the voice of the Dem party, get an agenda for 2020 and get you or another Dem elected Pres!! Pretty please? 
It's always great to get a dog hug when away from home
I understand why.  I would prefer them as well over some of those faces at the Capital #Trumpresign
Now there's a campaign poster !  I just knew you loved dogs.  I'm enjoying your book.  You are the rare combination of smart, humble and fun
Probably the only consistently non-partisan creatures in DC!
Double "Wonder" Full
No dog should be forced to be a pig
Bonus face (she also has a sense of humor). #NationalDogDay
And we ended up with a 5 ring circus.
You rock, Al! Give one a hug for me sometime.
#ImpeachTrump #25thAmendment PLEASE!!!
Franken for President right now.
Slye Lady ... therapy dog
The dogs are probably some of the smartest folks in the Capitol these days. ;)
You are turning into my dream Presidential candidate. Yr comment on Why I'm a Democrat and now dogs!!! Unstoppable 
I ask to pet literally every K9 and MWD I see, remarkable how many of them have said yes
you could get ready to help the situation. run for president . really 70 more no 60 characters left  please . 
You are my Hope...
You are so sweet!
Those dogs are smarter and more honest than you!
Senator Franken, Please would you consider running for President? You are SMART, you are JEWISH, you LOVE DOGS! You qualify!!!
Best thing I've seen all week. Shutting my computer and taking a news break. I appreciate that there are people like you in govt @alfranken
Ok Al Franken, now I know you're running in 20!  Kissing up to the dog constituency. ;)
I don't trust a politician that doesn't like animals!
Al, you are a positive force in everything you do.
Always. Thank you.
Apollo...servoce dog
Skye Lady
As opposed to Trump who doesn't even own a dog! 

A president without pets is not to be trusted.
You can tell a lot about a person by the way he or she treats dogs, children, and old people. The wisdom of Tin Cup. Love you, Al
Prez 2020
I will generally take a dog over a human most of the time.
Helps to have the lapel pin if you want to pet a Police Officer's K-9...(jealous)
FOX NEWS: SENATOR CAUGHT FONDLING A POLICE OFFICER! LIBERAL MEDIA SILENT!
The Voice of Reason
Thank You For Your Service!
Dogs know more about humans than we will ever know about dogs. This dog obviously knows what a good man you are. Thank you Senator.
I've said it before, I'll say it again. Please run for POTUS. I have full confidence in you to be an ethical and moral leader!
#FrankenCare in action

And I didn't think I could like you more than I already do! You just stole my .  #NationalDogDay
Boy do I wish you were my senator. Your constituents are lucky.
Right?
Did they take your weed?
Did they take urs?
Dogs and I have an understanding.
Yes and the wine flows
Getting a tongue lashing by a dog is my approved use of waterboarding.
Here's my least favorite dog face
I'm sure they're much preferable to most Republicans. 
The only loyal ones there LOL
Al, I've got something to say to you 2020.
Some of the most intelligent beings you meet there as well!
Senator I am a dog lover and I too enjoy the loyalty and reception the dog has for dogs truly become what they are taught to become
Dogs are the best! Great photo!
And some of the best looking.
That is such a great picture!
I luv u!
Aaawwww! We may need thier services! Shhhh!!!!
My daughter works in Capitol& when I visited her, she showed me the Capitol dogs!! They are awesome! And so are the Capitol Police!!
I swear... I'm going to move to Minnesota just so you can be my Senator
I imagine you going all Stewart smalley on the dogs.  Because doggone it people like them!
Waiting for one of them to bite you in your  face.
People who love dogs usually have kind hearts 
Celebrity walking dead hogtician islamazomby vast left wing white supremecist bow tie wearing mo fo
So Awesome!! Fluffy love makes everyone's day!

The german shepherd. But only the german shepherd. 
I'll bet they are. Too bad you don't get to work with them. I find most dogs to be reasonable if they are treated with respect and dignity.
Better than many of your fellow senators, I guess.
Trying to figure out whether your support of hillary over Bernie in spite of what each stands for precludes me from supporting you for prez
Lets here it for Minneapolis Mn!
*dog voice* Who's a good Senator, who's a good senator; good boy, good Senator!
Ha!
@gorgeous1965
And they love you, too!
This just reenforces my Franken respect.  You are a good soul Sir.  Thank you for fighting for us.
some of the smartest and most loyal American too.
PLEASE RUN FOR PREZ. YOU ALREADY HAVE THE CAMPAIGN SLOGAN! WE DONT JUST LIKE YOU, WE LOVE YOU. WE NEED YOU.  I BEG YOU!
Doggies know a good man!
WATCH: I interviewed the "Blacks for Trump" guy.
Spoiler Alert: He's Crazy.
Awww.
Are they democratic's?
#NationalDogDay - Daisy
You should carry dog cookies in your pocket - love you Al Franken
That's awesome!!!
I knew I liked you, Senator. Now I have one more reason why... 
My Fave #Dog's @millieattheh, #CanineConcierge of @HiltonMilwaukee who steals The Show. As famous as #Lassie. @JonProvost @HiltonRecruiter
Looks like your face is a favorite with them too...
They say dogs are a good judge of character. Watch out Trump!
#FrankenWarren2020
All dogs are wonderful, but gainfully employed dogs are the best!
Must be nice to live in the high castle you disgrace! #maga
I work at a daycare facility where I have the honor to care for a retired active military dog. 
They're certainly some of the smarter and more loyal faces
Love you too! My favorite Giant in the Senate.
Those animals have honor, loyalty, and serve nation.

They have more humanity, patriotism than @realDonaldTrump

#TrumpResign
They seldom recognize satire...
Absolutely adorable! I can never resist to get down on love on a dog, any dog! Their faces make the world so much better!
Happy #NationalDogDay!
I remember when you were a comic, unfortunately now you are just a joke
#futurepresident
Pls make sure all police n military dogs have bullet proof vests, tear gas masks n all they need too
There is a different animal posing as president that needs to be removed . Mr Franken , you and your colleagues need to take action !
Much love to you and yours, @SenFranken!
Man's best friend. ;)
What is going on with our country ? Why is that jackass still in the Oval Office ? Why why why why ? America is bleeding !!!
I prefer cats, with Trump haircuts
Watch out; Arpaio on the loose and he burns puppies to death!
@alfranken We dont like you! Being nice to dogs wont save you from being booted out next election.
Those dogs are there to protect everyone not just your sorry ass any other time you would run down the police
The more people I meet, the more I like my dog.
Then why do you support the terrorist cop hating groups, Antifa?
"Democrat" party.  Is it the "Republic" party?
One of the same! The establishment!
Missing the point...
Now I have another reason to like you 
thank u
Beautiful day for a walk in DC today
They are better than looking at Trump.
Omg yesssss
Very stupid to put your face close to the dogs mouth at his level.
Animals know a kind heart.. this speaks volumes! #Franken4Potus2020
2020, Al. Thanks.
You are such a lovely person!!
Also, they are so much smarter and more loyal to the country than some of your colleagues across the aisle.
How can you not have a crush on this guy?
When things go bad, it's better to have friends then enemies.
You sir, are a hero to we liberals.  Please seriously consider a 2020 run for the presidency.
I believe this is because they have their nose up less butts than some of your colleagues.
Why is #WomensEqualityDay and #NationalDogDay the same day? I feel like there's some sinister subtext here; I don't like it.
Looks like the pup was quite happy to see you!
Harry Truman's advice is as good now as it was then.
Not only a fantastic Senator but also an animal lover!  You're the best Al Franken! #franken2020
By the looks of it you're one of their favourite faces too!!! :)
I'm sure most dogs are friendlier, more loyal and honest, and, gosh darn it, more intelligent than many of our elected officials.
Check it out! ashakrabbani will create HTML email signature with clickable social media icons for $5 on #Fiverr
If only you had enough time to say you were in favour of Single Payer like you have when meeting dogs.
Did you have meat on your face?
Made me smile on a day I woke up to hear such negative things about what is happening to our country, from the top down.
Nice! Senator Franken thanks for being a good role model!
You love dogs, Senator? I love you.
I love you, Al!!! That's all 
Can you be any cooler?  I don't think so. @SenFranken rocks!!!
I love you Sen. Al! Keep fighting for us!
Dogs are the greatest.

Just read that you are a proponent of service dogs for vets with ptsd in your book! Great read, enjoying learning about you and Senate.
The Capitol police are very nice when they arrest us for protesting in the Senate. I'm not being snarky.
Even when they are taking a Ted Cruz on the lawn?
If you need a friend in Wash, become a dog handler. :(
Dianne sez u got some splainin to do!
You're a good guy, Al.

And some of the more intelligent
Who's a good boy??
Can we just have a Labrador as POTUS in 2020? Screw it, the whole legislative branch too. We'll have SCOTUS be cats for the check & balance.
"If you want a friend in Washington, get a dog." Harry Truman
@catheri41634610 love him 
cc: @dog_rates This dog keeps our country safe!
And those canine faces probably represent the BEST of D.C. right now. Not many w/integrity left on Capitol Hill, sadly. Give 'em hell, Al!
Don't make me have to write u in 2020. Stand up and run so I can plaster my car with bumper stickers   Please Run. Pleaeaseeee!
Have you seen the 2nd video?
I love this picture!
Every American should have such perks!
You had me at Black Lab.(And if it is not a Lab, I do not care.)
Smarter than a lot of people you have to work with, too.
that dog for president!
Please Run!!!! @SenFranken 2020
Yes, please do!  We will most definitely see another #MAGA2020 against this 
luv you Al .. thanx for keeping it authentic~

YES!
So, if you do something wrong, Sen. Al, this police dog will kiss you to death instead of tearing off your arm? Sweet!
Dogs have a sixth sense for good people.... that dog wouldn't be kissing him if he wasn't a good person.
We should put members of Congress in a lineup & have this pup pick out all the good ones. Postscript: My pup had me wrapped around his paw.
The dog would bite this evil https://twitter.com/RepTrentFranks/status/901264071017861122 …  And I'm insulting by the comparison.
Same can be said for this one.
Can we get Trump out if WH soon?
Franken dirty dog lover confirmed
Al Franken for PRESIDENT 2020
"If you want a friend in Washington, get a dog"
#WhosAGoodBoy #YouAre #YesYouAre
Senator, I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE dogs with every fiber of my body 
Yes, they're more loyal, giving & pure-hearted than any other living creatures you'll see around the capitol - speaking of the GOP.
Are we sure what is left of the GOP is actually alive? Their souls seem to have fled...

looks like they enjoy your face as well!
Rather see a police dog than a lousy racist copper gets kicks outta shootin the likes of 12 yr old TAMIR RICE point blank, then promoted!
I'll send my donations to you, Al Franken...a genuinely funny man...let's hear a biggg MEOW for Al now! Known youd go SNL to SEN?! Wha?
Love this!!
Is that because the more you are around Republicans the more you like animals instead?
Dogs were used to hunt slaves. Keeping them around is a memory of those times. All dogs should be exterminated.
Dogs have also saved lives. Dogs help blind people negotiate their neighborhoods. NAZIs should be exterminated (like WWII) not pardoned.
