I say  Franken / Warren 2020 who's with me?
After this nightmare presidency, you could run a ham sandwich and win
You're probably right, but just to set the record straight when you say "we" elected Trump please don't include me within that "we"
Why not impeach him 4 obstruction of justice? Firing Comey then threatening him on Twitter would seem to be attempted obstruction of justice
Also asking Comey to "let this go" (referring to the investigation) seems to qualify as obstruction of justice. An impeachable offense.
spoken like a true comedian!!!
Comedians know how to speak the truth to get laughs. Reality stars only know how to use grandstanding, showboating and lies to get ratings.
Don't forget, bulling ,and toddler like behavior!
Yes, @SenFranken is capable of both. Probably capable of spelling too!
No, invoke the 25th Amendment.  It's your moral obligations.
I agree except then we get pence. No better
By the time it invoked, the dems will have swept the house and Senate. Can stop republicans agenda
Hope your right. All I know is this guys gonna get us or an ally of our killed if he doesn't stfu
Hey Al, was Lynch meeting Bill Clinton on a plane while Hillary was being investigated obstruction? No? Ok
They say, (The wheels of justice turn slow!) But this ridiculous!
I'm hearing this new investigation may take two years,looks like another slick delay
And nothing will be done about it, just like nothing will be done about #45 giving intel to the Russians. Nothing ever gets done.
I'm sad to say you're probably right.
You're right Queen, it IS sad. Sad that our government is out of control and can no longer be trusted. :(
We see you are still a comedian, Al. Stick to what you do best and Resign from the Senate. Your country needs you gone.
Come on, you can go straight to impeachment now.
So, Isn't it clear enough yet? even for slow studies? Obama was, and still is, right! 
"UNFIT TO HOLD ANY OFFICE"!
I don't think much of people who just( stand and stare! )
#45 needs to go away! drag spicer away  to!
@SenateGOP forgive my speculation -but why is GOP refusing to do this? What are they hiding! ?
Done!  Thanks Al!  
We'll appoint a SP when YOU and the dems stop this "kill-Trump-at-any-cost" campaign.
Please help, the streets are hateful, he's sinking the ship fuck drain the swamp. Forgive me not like I used to be, grateful usually.  help
The lack response from @RepErikPaulsen, @RepJasonLewis and @RepTomEmmer is deeply disturbing. Minnesotans see them as complicit.
Your wish is our command! @SenFranken
Why isn't the GOP showing the same instant outrage they showed for Hillary? Didn't hear any of them saying "we need all the facts first!"
Find a way to get it done Sir! Do U want to be responsible for another outrageous event? #impeach figure something out, all together now
@johncusack @POTUS @nytimes #IMPEACHNOW
While Comey/Trump headline...GOP wins more in Senate. Regs overturned. THAT'S troubling.
Comey memo is more dirt to cover up #sethrich grave. He will reach out from beyond to point to those who killed him.
I can't wait. Just sitting back and watching this all unfold. I just thank God everyday we have @POTUS who is #drainingtheswamp to #MAGA!
Someday you will realize you've been conned by a crooked real estate agent from Manhattan. History will not be kind to him or his family.
Yes just like our last 8 yrs and with the Clinton's in the mix. When she's incarcerated with the rest of the liars, I will be at peace.
Can a President pardon himself?  Asking for a friend.  #ComeyMemo #ImpeachTrump #TheResistance
No, But wish he would put a gag order on him self!
Yes, now again but louder, stronger, and with even more urgency!

Absolutely!If not outright treason, it's obstruction.Folks go to prison for less.When is GOP going to wake up? History won't be kind 2 them.
So is impersonating  a president!!!!
Impeach the fool
Agree
Enough's enough! So-called president is intellectually&morally incapable of carrying out his role. He can't preserve or protect constitution
I agree with a special prosecutor, then maybe we can get past partisan politics and leaked information.  We know the government can't do it
They why not do it? What is holding the appointment of a special prosecutor up? Take a vote-get it done. Those who vote NO will be on record
We should appoint a special investigator to look into all the seditious politicians who are still trying to fight with @POTUS #MAGA
Just impeach him already, why need special this or that - seems that it'll draw everything out, you all know what his deal is.
Please find a way to stop normalizing Trump's behavior and Republican hypocrisy. If Clinton were Prez she would have had numerous hearings
We need a special prosecutor to conduct an independent investigation now! #Indivisible
You're a liar.  And a pretty bad comedian also. Get out of Congress loser Commie.
Al, just imagine the noise if this was Hilary not Trump?
If not you, then who? Everyone's saying "we need to appoint a special prosecutor" -- then do it! Are you waiting for an invitation?
GOP backing trump shows they not only sold their souls to trump, they also pledged their allegiance to Mother Russia.
Senator Al Frank, you are one Class Act. Thanks for giving a glimpse that humanity still exists
W/his #QuidProQuo4LOANS Trump is a #GlobalThreat, which he's become since his #27July2016Call4Russia2CyberAttackAmerica4TheClintonEmails
Have you seen the email Trump has sent to his supporters? He is on the edge of suggesting revolt. Please look into this!
It's more than abt. time! Gop has to stop backing 45 and put Country First,instead of Party. This Admon.is really problematic. Enough!
Please make it happen, Senator
GOP are ALL throwing away their careers by not doing this. If they aren't for a special prosecutor then they are equally guilty.
Another unnamed source, this time reading a secret memo that no one has actually seen. Comey silent. Big scoop......
Hoping you, @amyklobuchar, and your colleagues in the Senate refuse to approve a new FBI Director until a special prosecutor is appointed
Please run for president!
The list of seriously suspect actions by POTUS grows long and worrisome, but Reps continue to circle the wagons around him. Enough is Enough
Troubling - "I'm troubled" is the new "thoughts and prayers"
I hear .@BarackObama might be avail
Yes NY times. Wow. So believable.
The democrats need to investigate #dnc into the murder of #sethrich #SethRichMurder....actual evidence with this case...hmmm
Do you really think democrats are going to do a real investigation #dnc for the murder of #sethrich?
I don't but I'm all about reminding them the truth by rubbing their nose in it
Senators gets all their indie from newspapers citing anonymous sources?
I concur!
Please get on this immediately. His behavior is very troubling and Americans are at risk.
Grow the eff up, .@senfranken. This has to stop & you have to start acting - or act like you're acting - like statesmen again.
The rest of you pissant politicians are useless as balls on a bishop .@SenFranken. You'd rather concoct something to destroy .@POTUS.
Keep pressing Senator we're with you
You & your Dem/prog/lib constituents have forced me to support .@potus, .@SenFranken. He's the ONLY one doing the people's business.
So far your witch hunt on .@POTUS has succeeded in doing nothing more than tearing U.S. further. And nothing, NOTHING is true .@SenFranken.
It's not a report .@SenFranken. It's a .@nytimes article from an avowed enemy of .@POTUS. You need to rein in your unhinged constituents
Go get 'em Al!!!
#Impeach
Immediately!
What we need is for impeachment proceedings to begin
Pence and Ryan, just licking their chops.
Keep fighting the good fight, Sen Franken....we're with you!
another moral lecture from the SNL cast cocaine supplier?
It's not going to happen @SpeakerRyan has no backbone & hates democrats so much he'll give up the nation to spite them.
Ok, soooo?
Obstruction of Justice,Sen Franken ?
Trump has absolutely no credibility NONE
Immediately is not soon enough!
But, will any of your right honorable invertebrates from across the aisle join you? How 'bout that maverick @SenJohnMcCain ? Nope. Nada.
You know what's ironic, Trumps a buffoon and Pence would use the majority to the fullest. Republicans can't WAIT for you to impeach.
Our democracy is teetering on the brink—when will the Republicans step up? Thank you, Senator Franken, for staying the course!
An embarrassment. We are losing so much respect in the eyes of our allies. Make America Great Again! ---- like it was this time a year ago.
knows this
meeting was done,or unless he was taped:this is Comey's word against the President of the United States of America= hear say and Comey
There has to be proof President Trump said this without a reasonable doubt. Unless there is proof,unless Trump signed the document when the
one thing I know unless you have proof the President said this,then this is hear say
Agreed
It is your duty to be as obstructionist as GOP was to Obama until one is appointed.
Until this mess is resolved no major Trump legislation should allowed to be even discussed, much less come to vote! Shut it down until done
This one is truly insane!
Should have been appointed already! Shame on @SenateGOP for not doing it!
I think we're far beyond that.
You mean a report or another trouble making reporter!
Just saying it doesn't make it happen.  We need..we need..we need to...and nothing happens.  Nothing. Just words. No actions.
C'mon, All! Make it so!!!!!!!!
. Things are warming up.
We need him OUT of OFFICE before he does irreparable harm!
Stop saying "troubling" like this is an ingrown hair. Titanic didn't see a "troubling" iceberg! San Fran didn't suffer a "troubling" quake!
It isn't "troubling." It's democracy crumbling while congress fiddles with itself. O say can you see that?
Thank you, sir. Please do all you can to see that this happens.
Senator what is it going  to take for you @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @OversightDems begin Trump Impeachment?
Troubling? Jesus on a cross can't u use some stronger language so we feel like u have our backs???
We need to start impeachment proceedings. Enough is enough. Trump is not above the law.
Agree 100% Senator. The WH has so compromised it's integrity that no other avenue is sufficient. Not for the American people.
why is everyone talking about it and nothing is happening. just do it!
Not to get funny on U but we may need someone like U to reassure the nation. Really.
Trump is a LIAR! Believe Comey 100%
Special commission would be better, we need to take them all down, a prosecutor can only take one person down.
Sen. Franken  PLEASE HELP.  We need your leadership NOW.
"Incredibly troubling." 

I see what you did there.
Yes, @SenFranken @SenToomey @SenBobCasey
help
Comey has the credibility!
I don't think it's a good idea to slander career or law-enforcement person over a nut!
Please run for president Mr. Franken.
U know the reason they keep blocking this is they dont want the proof to come out that they hacked/stole the 2016 election, right?
HYPOCRITE, like I told Schumer, where were U when BC had secret meet w AG Lynch and 2 days later Comey drops case against Hillary!
Oh for FUCKS SAKE! Hop away little troll! Ur services R not needed nor wanted here! He's going DOWN! Quick! Phone a friend! #ComeyMemo
YES, we need a special prosecutor. Keep fighting for one, Senator.
Then do it Al. Stop tweeting about it and do it. Backbones don't grow on trees, you have one. Use it. #ImpeachTrump
Couldn't he fire a special prosecutor like Nixon did? That can't be the best solution.
Then do it!!
@realDonaldTrump @EricaMcKoane @klconley2017 U R TOTALLY busted-time 4 U 2 RESIGN ASAP--nothing you say or do will change outcome-ADIOS!
we need to appoint a special POTUS
I don't think any special prosecutors are left, lol.
Please do!  Honestly, what will it take??? Why  hasn't the topic of Impreachment been mentioned? Congress is silent....why?!?! #shamefulGOP
We all know youre 'special prosecutor' will be another version of Chairman Mao. This is a carefully planned witch hunt to destroy reputation
Bit more than troubling, Senator. Be bold!
Can that special prosecuter also investigate Dina Powell, Hillary, Obama, Lynch, Holder and Lois Lerner?
No we don't
God help us DO SOMETHING!
Al you are disturbing you have no proof you have no memo and you leave your people into rage. Act your age
I wonder what would make the Republicans get in line, if not this Obstruction of Justice?

If the FBI Director was witness to "Obstruction of Justice" in February, then why are we only hearing about it now - after he's been fired?
For unsubstantiated allegations??? Keep digging for real dirt...
I love you Al but the time for things to be just "incredibly troubling" or (horrors!) "deeply disturbing" is past! #alltalknoaction
With all due respect, Senator, it is time to draft articles of impeachment. Please consult @tribelaw
#Hypocrite where was Spcl Prosctr 4, #GovernmentShutdown, #SecretService, #SpyingOnJournalists. #Obama aided & ABETTED our ENEMIES!  #PJNET
Stop wetting yourself over fake REPORTs

Troubling "Un Named" accusers
Trouble is Al...
You 1st need a CRIME

BEFORE any Special Prosecutor
There all up in arms over this. Do they think @POTUS would sell the USA out?NOT! That's for Obama&his followers,Hillary&all fund by Soros.
Can't we just go straight to impeachment? Feel like there's enough piled up for that....
Tell the Republicans in Congress, if they don't act now, #wethepeople will prosecute them for obstruction of justice too
I think impeachment hearings are more appropriate
Wheres the memo, wheres the proof
#Hypocrite where was Spcl Prosctr 4 #NSA spying scandal, #BoweBergdahl, #EPA Polluting #Colorado River, #GSAScandal, #Solyndra #PJNET
#SpecialProsecutorNow please
@dncfraudlawsuit coming to your state. Hack
I feel like this is a reality tv show..Unlike tv this real life and everyone around the world is laughing at us..sad
*is
What needs to take place to get a special prosecutor? I don't understand why this is not happening!
3 words. GOP controlled Congress.
Go back to SNL... creeper.
#Hypocrite where was Spcl Prosctr 4 #Benghazi, #FastandFurious, #IRS, #iran, #StimulusScam, #Obamacare, #Pigford, #Hillaryemail, #VA #PJNET
If not sooner.
Thank you Senator Franken!  Keep up the good fight!
IMMEDIATELY!
With all due respect Senator Franken, Obstruction of Justice is an impeachable offence.
Thank you for speaking for US
R U SERIOUS!!! If the GOP do not act on this & there r no other options, the American people will never forget how disgraceful they acted!!
.#SpecialProsecutor IMMEDIATELY!
Did the Russian inspire the deranged following of the Russian interference with the Democrats and the @realDonaldTrump ??? Why NYT???
Yes! Obstruction of justice, Treason, time for articles of impeachment!
I think we are past that. There is more than enough evidence to bring articles if we're ever gonna.
Appoint a special committee instead, please.
