Senator, please keep the focus on the Russian ties that not only involve @realDonaldTrump, but seemingly most of the @GOP
I was raised military in another country to believe in the America YOU fight for. Not the America that is... keep fighting
#Trumpcare will hurt millions of Americans. @SpeakerRyan let's see you give up your Gold plated health plan & go on #SwampCare
GOP solution is wrong.  GOP doesn't seem to care about the average American.   Please keep fighting
Need to push for a single payer system. That way everyone will be covered. Women can get prenatal care to have healthy babies
pls stop him he's cutting everyone's budget the Coast Guard the environment the number crunchers I'm afraid I'm on SS Medicare
true--but Dems have to say specifically how to fix ACA-even if repubs reject, dems need to be taken seriously by the public
But on the bright side, it will make Trump's oligarchs richer, as well as the Trump family!
.@SenFranken @AmyMek @MinnesotaDFL @StarTribune @MPRnews @MinnPost @ABetterMN DEMS LOST!! Do you need your depends and binky back? #MAGA #2a
it is doomed to go broke in the first place,  part of president bannons deconstruction plan for america. #PrisonForTrump
with the burden taken away from the rich and put on the poor,  the tax deduction will not cover the costs doomed to fail
Please stop them
@kelly0318 #trumprussia
What are you going to do about stopping the legislation?
That means the Ds will take the majority in the House in 2018 and pick up 1 or more Senate seats.
just vote no
TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS!
Obama should respond to the wiretap or would he be guilty of perjury
Maybe if they totally destroy the healthcare system, they will be forced to institute single payer universal health care 2 fixit
Sounds like it's exactly in line with their aims of the past 7 years.
whatever they do is better than what you've done
When will you charge Sessions with perjury?
Stop them Al
so you're saying there's a possibility that just maybe it could be a bad bill with little to no redeeming qualities?
butbutbut big gov't! drugsncrime! the emails! stuff! #Midterms2018  Thanks, Al. Keep it up::::
without it being mandated it will be an option in life most will not pay for.  who plans on getting sick?
Dems don't get it, Americans R sick of bipartisan government.  We expect both sides 2 work together or there will B one party!
2) @SenFranken It's mandate to pay for healthcare you dont use, but problem with ACA=not enough Healthy people NOT USING INSURNACE enrolled?
Alot of forgetting going on #trumprussia #russiagate
#BREAKING Video:Russian Amb Kislyak talking about GOP Convention event he attended

@maddow #trumprussia #trumpleaks #resist …
The gop must b either a special kind of stupid or evil. Seems like they just dont think.
it's my understanding that ACA works in some states. Why can't congress review & learn from those to fix other states?
you are the democratic leader now.  fight for us please
Thank you for taking a stand for all Americans! #Impeach45
#resist !!!
GOPcare sucks
Perhaps u will explain why taxpayers pay politicians + government workers healthcare with our tax dollars + they denied us same?
say #SinglePayer. SAY IT.
come on, senator al, just say! #trumpcare
Next up Social Security.  How many billions of dollars does one person need in their bank account?  TY for the good fight.
please help us
#SinglePayer #BasicHumanRight
Because we are civilized nation.
Easily paid for by % wage tax first-last job.
and that's their goal
"will". #resist
Trump decided old (50+) poor disabled sick Medicaid dependant people tht cant work or pay for Insrnc, Dont Deserve to Live! 
Yep. And when Ryan & his pals were drafting it, that's exactly what they wanted. Mission accomplished #frauds
and that's the way daddy ryan likes it
If Trumpcare does not pass do Rs make moves 2 force  ACA to fail? Possibly ending all of ACA and Rs complete self fulfilling lie
terrible  we have go back to the way it was just fine for the last 235 years.
Finally! As a billionaire I have to say that I am delighted that someone is starting to look after my interests.
We know current issues & hear new ones everyday. Please, do something about it. You're in a position where you can. #Impeach45
And this is exactly what the Trump base wants; no?
.@SenFranken Greed greed greed... and screw poor people... That's basically what I took away from the new "health" care plan.

is a fraud, hypocrite! Typical Democrat who pretends to care!
Not until after they win two more election cycles.
Are the democrats willing and ready to knit together some revisions based on what real people (vs. rich/corp) suggest?
Thank you for all your efforts! Why did so many who need health care vote for Trump & Repubs?   Hope this finally wakes them up
because Obamacare sucks!
oh Al Al Al could strip ..does strip..no could to it. Typical Republicans fill the pockets of their own and run like hell
A question. We know public options work. We know single payer works. Do we know anywhere a plan like the R's have works?
#Trumpcare
quit with the games and approve the cabinet and everyone get to work. So sick of the BS games Dems are playing.
Who has our backs, THANKS to DEMS/REPS that are taking a stand for us. @DFWIndivisible  STAY THE COURSE.
Give us the exact same health coverage that Congress gets. Or give Congress the same healthcare they give us. @SenFranken
quit complaining and work, that is what we elected you to do, 20 18 is coming and we can get people in there that will work.
Single Payer for all please
If I understand the bill correctly, my son and I are among that 40,000 who would lose coverage.  Thanks for fighting for us.
then work with the GOP and get a health plan that works, cause that ACA does not either.
Keep fighting! @USRepKCastor @SenBillNelson
Give us the exact same health coverage that Congress gets.
COPY + PASTE.
health coverage is not health care. There's a distinction to be made here. Care providers largely ignored in the conversation
