This is not acceptable behavior for any American. This is especially appalling coming from the President of the United States.
Quit lying and playing politics. I watched every word he said in news conferences. Not what he said. Dems always play us for chumps.
We are a rudderless ship
Many people find pornography as offensive, should we burn that material and denigrate the authors! Where does it end?
Please help us, he must be removed.
A very brilliant saying. It never ages.
White people jerks you jump all over it. No outrage when blacks killed police in Houston or mentally challenged white kid tortured by blacks
Please, please, please... get this nightmare out of the WH. We need you!

#impeach
#25thAmendmentNOW
That's because he's one of them, Al.
Trump is mentally UNBALANCED!!!
We need to remove him before he kills my Grandchildren

@SpeakerRyan trump used the word "us" alt left they came at us! Hate racism nazism white supremacy will make this country poor
Please run for president. Please.
1/5 DJT right, there ARE 2 sides:
Nazis v. ppl repulsed by Nazis
KKK v. ppl repulsed by KKK
White supremacy b. ppl repulsed by wh supremacy
2/5 That is:
Evil v. virtue
Bigotry v. Celebration of Diversity 
Segregation v. Unity
BUT only ONE side represents justice, love & courage
3/5 Only those fighting against bigotry & evil r aligned w/justice. SHAME on DJT & all who don't denounce his ugly thoughts, heart, & words.
4/5 & we don't need statues of bigots. Study history/try not 2 repeat what has been disgraceful. w/election of DJT we've momentarily failed.
5/5 Let us all (Inc spineless @GOP ) take a lesson fr Ms Heyer (RIP), a courageous fighter 4 justice. Folks, DJT has blood on his hands!
I am confused. When the South raised arms against the US, that was treason. Why protect statues of traitors? Really confused...
There's one civil war monument I like. On opposite ends of a street in Virginia stand  2 soldiers 1/
facing each other. The union soldier faces south, the confederate soldier faces north. I see them & am reminded of the horror of civil war.
But neither one sees the other? The person he is about to kill? That's awful.
Yes. I think that's a great part of the symbolism. And when we hear "brother against brother" it's the truth of all civil wars.
Maybe we should just put the statues in a museum for those who want to see them.
I have no problem with that. Take them off their pedestals, and treat them as artifacts, rather than as images to worship.
Museum of Civil War .....
It makes me sick to think that so many Americans elected this racist dufus. How do we get him out of office?
And this: My city!
What will the Senate do to stop this madness?
Impeach that bigot sir!!! Help save us from that tangerine turd! #IMPEACHMENTNOW
Your tweeting Sen Franken ! Indisputable evidence your IQ is .99999
And by not forcefully calling for his impeachment yall are kinda complacent dont you think
Oh look another #Putinbot
I look forward to you @TheDemocrats in #congress doing something about this. We already know GOP is complicit. #Charlottesville
No one is left off the hook ! Did U notice that there was violence going on all around? #Protesters VS #CounterProtesters #Charlotteville
WHAT?

You are repeating his nonsense, his 'that I can tell ya' nonsense that he IMAGINES & expects OTHERS to just accept as fact!
Whose nonsense? Franken's or ______?
ENOUGH already. Nullifying using the power of Congress has to be the priority.
When you observe the child like Donald, you can tell when they are telling the truth or lying. Donald compulsively lies. But you know
If u want 2 B brave, u must @ him. It's not "just twitter." It's his preferred mode of comm. Thanx 4 spkng out, tho @realDonaldTrump  @POTUS
You have hated him from the beginning. Everyday since you just twist and turn the facts so you can look like you actually have a reason.
Al, we need the senators of our democracy to take a stand against  this man!
Worse, he is endorsing them. Do you think we can get the House to impeach?
Go back to SNL and fail there again too.
The Marchers needed a permit because they were coming from outside to march against removal of statue & attacked a group in a quad in school
Do something!
Like Franken telling the people of his state they didn't matter? #DNCFraudLawsuit #LockThemAllUp If not for that LOSER we would have Bernie.
Not too late go get "Bernie".
Well, well. The white supremacist organizer of #Charlottesville was an Obama supporter & Occupy Wall Street activist
And David Duke even made a statement thanking the President for standing up for THEM.  WHAT IS WRONG WITH THIS PICTURE???  #ImpeachTrumpNow
I believe your words are too kind.
Senator we must impeach him. How long can this go on... @GOP
So do something about it.  Hold him accountable.
Sink the TRUMPTANIC!!!
Hitler blamed the evil left, too.
Thank you Sen. Al Franken! and thanks to Gene K, just ONE of our many hero's here!
ALL AMERICANS are heroes that defend the USA against foreign interlopers !! NO thanks needed...
Yes we do!
Bottom line is USA succeeds & survives, no matter what 
Yes, Exactly!!!
the problem with white supremacists is their beliefs, not that they have legal marches. There were others engaged in violence.
Excuse ME @realDonaldTrump! Who’s “coming down” next? It’s YOU! NOT a “very fine” person! Reprehensible. U did not count on us—We Resist U!
Frank, tell us what to do...we are sick of trumps dictatorship racist president...I am in deep red..to poor to move..I am voting blue

I believed him back in 1990 when I moved to NYC out of business school. He's never been anything but the person he is today. A shameful pig.
Also everybody is letting BLM off the hook
He's a fuckin NAZI
You need to step up. Take a more vocal role.
When people say they are not racist, its because they are not. Racists are proud n often do not deny they aren't. Have you talked to them?
Senator, it is time to get this man out of our Oval Office. He is repugnant. America needs a healthy President.
Why don't we talk about the massive failure of the police to maintain law and order? Was this incompetence or politically motivated?
After we call the car attack terrorism & Supremacists terrorists, I'd b happy to critically review all other aspects from our nightmare here
Wow, this entire comment section believes everything. We can no longer call common sense common. Put your bias aside and research everything
After we call the car attack terrorism & Supremacists terrorists, I'd b happy to critically review all other aspects from our nightmare here
It's wrong to use a woman's death to push your agenda to virtue signal that white supremacist is bad. That's common sense.
White supremacists are the original domestic terrorists. Charlottesville has been terrorized for days and months. Not anecdotal.
Please please please #impeach him now. Please, Al, find a way to save us from this disastrous administration.
The bad man is ruining our country, fomenting hate, destroying everything we stand for. You are either willfully blind or agree with Nazis.
I would advise you to listen to all forms of media not what the liberal media says they're not telling the whole truth research everything
I would advise you to familiarize yourself with the sponsors and funders of the media you consume. I know what I read, watch, and listen to.
And Al Frankenstein your aligned with bom and antifas, so you should just try to be quite!
Digging your selective moral outrage dude. Today I've learned it's actually ok to own slaves as long as you're building a country.
Pointed out that Non-whites and left attacked with weapons too.  Are you justifying them. Supremacists jerks and jerks attacked them too
He's never had them 'on the hook'.
#ImpeachTrump 
#ImpeachTrump 
#ImpeachTrump 

For God And Country
#ImpeachTrump 
#ImpeachTrump
PLEASE
NO he did not let them off the hook...and he also didnt let Antifa off the hook. Clean your ears out
When someone shows you who they are, you believe them. Democrats are again letting the red shirts off the hook for #Charlottesville  violenc
Well of course, dip head, white supremacists didn't start the bullshit.  Keep trying, you're on the wrong side of history.
Oh and PS your public school math skills are showing.  You 'logic' is so flawed it's a little bit embarrassing.
No, what is appalling is your behavior, placing blame on someone else and distracting people from the real issues.
He's just warming up his, "there's lots of blame to go around on both sides" argument for when we finally get to his sexual assault charges.
lmao what sex assault charges? There are none
Seems an odd thing to laugh at. Even if you don't think it's true.
I laughed because ppl are delusional and think that someone has made sex charges..women who came out last yr...proven to be fake
Terrible thing to laugh at. But both the left and right are focused on his racism now and empowering Nazis.
he hasnt empowered nazi's..he has condemned them, saw interview in 2000..where condemned them. and he is not racist..no matter what u think
2000 was a lot of wives ago. And of course he's still racist like when he was sued over it. Not a shadow of doubt anymore.
yeh he so racist..he lobbied to allow blacks and Jews to attend country club in Fl..while others said no they couldnt..
Can you guys in the Senate please DO SOMETHING about this?  No more MLK quotes please.  How about a sanction? A vote? A demand?
Is it sort of like when OBAMA glorified the thugs rather than the Police in YOUR  pea size ignorant racist brain?
He is repulsive to core.
Impeachment or invoking the 25th amendment.  He needs to be removed.  Jail would be preferable. It we can't wait #help
Then do something about it. I don't know why people are surprised
If black lives matter do something wrong u kiss there ass Al
And most of the GOP are standing by still hoping he'll sign tax cuts.
Seriously, what is it going to take?? Trump ACTUALLY killing someone himself out in the street?? Wtf, America??
His is again showing HE is a RACIST
That is because he is one
#IMPEACHMENTNOW
Just like Obama let #BLM off the hook eh?
Yes, we know, but what are we going to do? Where are our Democratic leaders? We will lose again if we don't get our act together.
Pleased to meet you, hope u guess my name. But what confuses u is the nature of my game. Change 666 to 45. Nothing less will do.
He even says, "Believe me" when he talks.
Franken for President
Trump is a closet nazi. It's hard for someone who has such strong ties to defy part of what  put them in power to begin with. #resist
As long as you get political points & continue hatred. Never mind anyone else's right to say something stupid in public without molestation
Please get rid of him he is just bring this country down!!  I know your trying but we need Amy and you more than ever to stop this #45

How is that sir?
His goal was to cast HIS HOOK into waters of his own swamp & now self declared Cesspool he calls home. Hook a few more turds & SwampSpawn.
These white supremacists were out to 'get some' One of them beat Deandre Harris with a metal pipe  #Charlottesville
Thanks Senator. Not saying anything emboldens the vile white supremacist, Nazi, KKK thugs.
Not letting them off the hook.  Putting the other haters on the hook.  It insults reason to choose between Nazis and Communists.
@simplysous thank u Maya- I adore her! My 6th grade English teacher was besties w/her and I live by their lessons. Pure love 
Not so.... The fake Trump begrudging reads a "correct" statement. The real Trump show us his true sociopathy. 
See http://PsychoDT.com 
He needs CONSEQUENCES just telling him he's bad is like an intervention without the bottom line, what are GOP's willing to do?
Cmon America don't be #Trumplicit
This is so true. Like book you already read. Pick it up again and the ending is the same.
My ancestors were Irish Jews who came over during the Potato Knish Famine of 1845 and would find all this appalling!
Now where do we go sir??? The democrats are just as guilty of racism if they don't act on trump!
He's doing more than letting them off the hook. He's giving them aid and comfort.
Free speech stops when you run someone over with a car. #sorrynotsorry
FU LIAR
get rid of him... whatever it takes, just get rid of him!
Oh. That's because he is one.
Yes He Is Al. Yes He Is.
He is unfit and every nasty thing we thought before.  Snakeoil salesman. DO something.  Republicans need to stand up and show courage. #oath
And thanks Congress for doing nothing about it. #ImpeachTrumpNow #25thAmendmentNow
We've seen who he is since the pussy grabbing. #notmypresident
You let Obama off regarding Fast & Furious, Lynch off about Tarmacgate, Hillary - emails, destroying servers, Benghazi...@Potus following u
At what point do you stop lying to Americans ?Watch entire PC @POTUS never let White supremacist off the hook your upset he called out
Militia Funded by @georgesoros Antifa
No, GOP is letting the white supremacists off the hook, if they continue to stand silently as their leader turns America into a war zone.
WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO ABOUT IT SENATOR FRANKEN??????
In all honesty Senator?   We are heading into scary times....people like you help.  Stay in touch...make us laugh and shore past POTUS....
Her DID NOT let them off the hook, gimme a break
Put a little too diplomatically, Sen Al
You should do like the ACLU & place the blame for the violence where it lies.... with city police & city officials.
@SenFranken why are we tolerating this? What will it take to finally impeach for the good of our country? It's national security now.
#25thAmendmentNow

He never had them on the hook. Yesterday he was like a hostage reading from a TelePrompTer
I've never been a hater in my 60 something years. I am today!

Go back to SNL because you're a joke!!!!
Why can't we get impeachment proceedings under way !? He is awful, dangerous and unfit. He's putting us in danger Al, the GOP won't act !
Please take action for impeachment. This will not get better by Congress looking the other way.
It now time for all living frmr prez to spk in Unison to condemn trump and ask for resignation or imoeachment.  We need leadership. NOW
Thanks Al
U r incorrectly implying one sided violence. All extremist groups present incited violence. @potus condemned all violence. U r a liar.
Only one side carried guns. Only one side killed a person. Try again.
Ok, here u go...extremists of all kinds are violent. I'm not aligned w any extremists. Are you?
Pls. Sen Franken...don't let your same collegues  who put in place voter suppression to disenfranchise minority voters have moral  outrage!

+Alt-left mothers for peace.
Bingo.  Quit thinking you can change him.
Because Trump IS a white supremacist.
Whenever you need to write "Trump," don't forget the accompanying words Nazi sympathizer.
WHY ISN'T HE GONE
..WHY WHY WHY
No he's not you are so wrong why do  people in Washington lie all the time who are the democrats funding people in masks on in berkly & nc
Please stop him!!!! Please! For the sake of this country, stop him!!!
Thank you for speaking up, Al! You make me proud to call you one of my Senators!
#ImpeachTrumpNow
Because he's oe of the white supremacists.
Rather I believe if what they say is actually heard then good people will be reminded that this is something we need to guard against.
So senator, 25th amendment? Tell us someone is course correcting.
Why not start explaining how the old canard of "shouting fire in a theater" explains Drumpf rhetoric?  If it's false, it's against the Law!
Supreme Court has said as much!
Help us Senator We have a man in the White House who is aligned with white supremacy
Sen, pls explain to me why when his true colors show, ppl still justify his ignorance.  It drives me nuts, how he has codes for nukes? Fml
He was high. Listen to his dry mouth
You stole my quote! Well, almost.

*When people tell you who they are believe them.
Hook? You honestly think all those people belinged to groups? I think you better wake up.
This unhinged man must be stopped.  As one of your Constituents, please do what you have to to protect all that this country stands for
impeach. grounds: destroying our nation.
Except the country is doing better in every way than it has in the last 20 years. Quit listening to extremists. Free your mind.
Generic Maya Angelou quote. Hopefully (not) the minorities will keep voting you in.
Don't play that game Al. Tell the truth.
What are you going to do about it? When?

These violent white supremacist terrorists are in #Charlottesville assaulting people right now.THIS IS NOT ABOUT FREE SPEECH  #UniteTheRight 
Nazis&their ViolentCommunist counter parts suck. Going to condemn ANTIFA as well? Marxism has killed millions, guess that's OK?  #MAGA #GOP
Do something. Stop talking and take action. Mobilize and form a plan.
How?  Whatever he says or doesnt say, Mr Trump will be criticized.  You are all stirring the pot.  No one condones this. No one, no one.
...and you didn't even mention antifa.
70 years ago we won a war against the Nazis. Today a Nazi sits in the Oval Office.
"When you open your heart to patriotism, there is no room for prejudice."
~President Trump

http://redpilledworld.blogspot.com/2017/08/when-you-open-your-heart-to-patriotism.html … #Charlottesviille
"Whether we are black or brown or white, we all bleed the same red blood of patriots..." ~President Donald J. Trump

http://redpilledworld.blogspot.com/2017/08/when-you-open-your-heart-to-patriotism.html …
"...we all enjoy the same glorious freedoms, and we all salute the same great American Flag."
~President Trump
"Democrats & Republicans should get together & unite for the good of our country, and for the good of the American people."
~President Trump
Too bad he doesn't really believe any of this.
When black lives matters and left alt groups tear up a city, well they're just mad and righteous. It all about the votes right Senator.
tiny fragments /population, for the most part good, by media/politicos to foment hatred, motivate votes, we all suffer.
Agreed. Thank you for calling them white supremacists.  They are certainly not for the nation. Trump is a disgrace to country and  office.
#InvokeThe25th
#ImpeachTrump #25thAmendmentNow Whatever it takes. We have reached our limit.
Please work to remove him, there has to a way.
Al, He did it.   He doubled down today to show his true colors.  he felt so guilty to his base for lying yesterday. Today's words are Trump
And who are the only people supporting Trump tonight? Hanity, David Duke
Senator, have you read this article, this is insanity. What is the Senate preparing to do about this administration?

VICE News reporting on the white supremacists' plans. This is a must-watch.  http://www.esquire.com/news-politics/videos/a57009/charlottesville-vice-documentary/ …
Congress must #censure or #impeach45 immediately. He is unfit to lead and protect all Americans.
To enforce the lies of the present, it is necessary to erase the truths of the past.
We're going to take to the Streets soon 
General Strikes are coming ! 
It's time
Can you say "Emergency session to impeach"?
CALL FOR IMPEACHMENT NOW SIR!
@doctorow  Hennepin County was taken over by fascists yesterday. Do you denounce them?
You and the rest of Congress need to hold Trump accountable. Words and rhetoric mean little.
JFK did "Profiles in Courage." Now History will write "Profiles in Cowardace" starring the toxic GOP MAN UP MP,
MM, & PR
#ImpeachTrump the dude is a sociopath a #WhiteSupremacist..a #wildlife killer he only hires hunters morons to run @USFWS @BLMNational @EPA
Blaming both sides is taking one side? Some Olympic level mental gymnastics there Al.
That moment you realize: it's exactly as bad as you thought it was
He's doing way more than letting them off the hook. He needs to go now. Sen. Franken please get the decent Repubs together & get him out.
What decent republicans?There are none left. Invertebrates, one and all. Where are the moral GOP senators who will stand up and say NO MORE?
I should have said the Republicans that are afraid of losing their jobs.
Tipping point?
He's a Nazi sympathizer
So what are you going to do about it?
