Paul Wellstone said politics is about improving people's lives. I urge GOP colleagues to reject health care plans that would hurt Americans.
Maybe you should have suggested that before Obama-I-don't-care plan was initiated.
Idealistic words - disconnected, though. The right wing is waging war, & Dems in the Senate aren't leveraging a proportionate response.
GOP hijacked r gov. The DEMs have no leverage, unfortunately. It's up to us, WE the ppl takin' it 2the Streets-peacefully- & #MuellerTime.
We want Republicans to care about us as well as the monied cronies and companies who support them!  We are PEOPLE out here!  GOP has no !!
HOORAY someone's got it we sent ya'll to Washington to work together to do what's best for US
Franken-Sandoval 2020
I am a Libertarian but you are one of my favorite Senators. You say exactly what the people are thinking. TY for being the voice of reason.
i totally agree!
That's all I want is well
A great Indigenous Chief said: what if I were to tell you the right hand and the left hand belonged to the same body
Good for you, finally doing your job,
Just like democrats did when they passed ACA Vote for it read it later you will like it If u like your Dr and your insurance u can keep them
Listen to McCain
If elections aren't rigged by then, run for president. I'll gladly vote for you.
Good luck
To fix the Dem failing HC bill.
Al, are you ready to run for the big office? If it's right it'll be yours.
Not exactly.  I want Republicans to jump in the sea.
Right on! 
Keep up the good work, Senator.
Yeah Al Franken!!!
Prove that #obamacare works & does  high insurance cost for working people + high deductible = success?
Have you ever given a thought about running 2020
Amen
Americans want single payer system.
Waste of time. Retardlicans DON'T want to be reasonable. They have opted for all out war. Trump is their hate-filled revenge and weapon.
Al...2020???
We want unrestrained money in politics to be eliminated.
Senator Franken...please do.
Why can't all senators take this pledge?  If you don't, youre out. Cant play nice in the sandbox, youre not welcomed.
Thank you for your efforts, Senator.
Seriously, if they won't cooperate, you're all gonna have to steamroll them.
yeah, WE DO! 
You got that right
Come together in a bipartisan way to Impeach Trump. That's a real solution
You go SenFranken!
Why do u want to work w/ people who basically do not give a damn about anything but themselves? Good luck, the right spirit but wrong people
Please run for President
He announced he was not in this speech. want him to though.
Finishing your book. Well done and helpful in these moments.
Please answer:why do the GOP get to keep fighting to overturn Obamacare over and over and Dems don't get to if they lose?
Thank you for your hard work and passion!
Too bad you don't want to talk about Single Payer. I guess the donations from Big Insurance are more important.
Chapeau..still thinking of the people
Ok when does that start
#COMPLICITGOP IS NEVER GONNA PLAY FAIR. IT IS NOT IN ANY OF THEM.
What a pile of bullshit!! #COMPLICITGOP
no. I don't want my representatives working with these traitorous shills. I want someone to fight them every step of the way.
I know that you don't want to be president. But doggone-it, we need you! At least think about it?
Congress sets tone as Pres cannot.  Get together, get it done for ALL Americans. We are watching, the world is watching. #DoYourJob
Please run for president @SenFranken . You're amazing. So many us appreciate the work you do (and the patience it requires). Thank you. x
Trump continues saying how the Democrats are blocking aca....come on, Ive been saying this, lets work together!
Thank you #senFranken 
#MedicareForAll
Senator Franken, please run for President in 2020. We need someone sensible who truly cares about this country & our citizens. Thank you sir
Then get your party to stop the partisan politics and start representing the American people
dump calls us obstructionist how can we contribute if U don't ask us 2 come to the table? We won't allow tax breaks on the backs of the poor
Get rid of these people and start over again, and let's begin with the ring leader Trump and then the rest of his clowns!
@SenateGOP @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @HouseGOP @POTUS @realDonaldTrump Listen to this man. He is correct. He makes sense.
Working together would be easier and more efficient than the bullshit you keep engaging in.
They are voting today to go forward on gutting healthcare for either 20 or 30 million Americans - just how are you going to work with them
Thank you for all you do for us @SenFranken  - proud to have voted for you!
You tell them,  it's not that difficult. We are trying so hard to resist, hoping at least some Republicans show they are true Patriots.
It would be the first time, you are not asset to your state, Democrats or congress. You serve only youself.
Al Franken in 2020.
No, Al, Americans want the govt out of the health care business. Repeal Obamacare.
Sure they do! First time I will prob call you a fool sir!
Yes & Dems have to stand up for what’s right & when GOP throw in parts that will do harm YOU must say NO!
@SenateMajLdr will never allow that
I always listen to what you have to say. It is so nice to believe in someone in Washington. Thank you.
no. That won't work. We need to batter the @GOP until the only answer is "single payer"
OBSTRUCT!! There is no way you can trust those who's only motivation is personal greed. I admire you work in a snake pit, but don't get bit.
Yes we do but for some reason I do not see that happening. Keep up the good fight, liked your book by the way.
Why now you didn't wanna work with the R when you passed ocare?
That's Frankin double talk for my way or the highway.
Thank you!
Well, that sounds mighty reasonable, Al. But does your wish reflect reality? Because it looks like an all-out war to me.
Here,here!
Franken for President?
We should have a revote considering the events at the most crucial time. Use punch cards to avoid tampering & then we will know the truth .
I love you, Al.   Please run for President.
Trump is destroying this country. If he's not stopped & the white House not cleaned out, the justice it stands for will be lost & tarnished.
But, u have to be working with GOP untrained by Russia & a sane, intelligent "president". Good luck with that. All in bed with russians
.@SenSchumer #CensureMcConnell for shameful suborning votes as party loyalty oath. Uphold Senate tradition of open lawmaking for public good
Why aren't the Democrats screaming?????
How'd U like to leash ur http://LiberalForum.ORG , which keeps spamming my e-mail box, when I have no active account at .ORG?  Or FBI report.
Yet he regards Putin with the highest royalty. Does Putin come before me? A US citizen and a Veteran. That's the way I feel when I hear him.
Thank you, Senator Franken.
Forget the GOP plan Obama past!
ACA isn't 1payer!
A stolen primary removed All hope Voters had 4 that!
Al it's TIME UNIVERSALHealthcare NOW!
It's like the Republicans have to jump on the bandwagon and back Trumps idiotic views. They all got brainwashed and can't see anything else.
Just Vote NO!
Why create hatred. Making public statements blaming Democrats for everything. Like Democrats are below Republicans are to be blamed.
Run in 2020!!!! Franken for President!!!
If only Fox would put any of you w/that view on camera, 45's base might hear it & bust apart message that Dems won't work with GOP..
What's wrong with the @GOP, why are they voting against the People?
Instead Trump is causing hatred between the parties. It's almost like the rich against the poor. But it's Reps. against the Dems. Why???
Sen Franken has the right ideas Too bad it's a pipe dream to get Republicans to be fair and serious about bipartisanship Don't waste breath!
There are Americans with vastly different opinions having civil discourse here on twitter, if we can't follow our gov't lead follow ours
Yes Yes 1000 Yes @SenateGOP @HouseGOP together you have a chance to make something great instead of being remembered for partisan fighting
Work TOGETHER to SAVE the ACA.
After all these Trump enabling criminals go to prison. Prorities!
Coming from you that means a lot.
Yes, this is what Americans want!!!
Work together.  What a concept.
@SenFranken in 2020.
Unrealistic,for eight years they were the obstructionist party blocking all things Obama
The Replublicans are the obstructionist...they are the majority in both House and Senate. They have not come up with a reasonable solution.
Yes,PLEASE!!!
I want to see Congress acting like responsible adults who respect their country & their constituents. I want a Congress that works together.
#COMPLICITGOP unable to work w/us
#ImpeachTrumpNow
On a serious note I totally agree we are all tired of partisanship liars specifically what comes out of Trump's mouth everyday
With the types of proposals the @GOP makes on anything what good can come from bipartisanship?
Yes!  Simple as that.  Healthcare is not partisan!
You're right, Al!! That's EXACTLY what we want. Time for McConnell to stop the hateful, partisan bullshit and do his job!!!
Jared: I did not collude withBill: I did not have sex with bipartisan cooperation at its best bipartisan liars
PLEASE!! For all that is holy, PLEASE run in 2020!!!
Agree, then all congresses, whether #Democrat or #Republican controlled, should #NOT work under exclusive party only #reconciliation rules.
that would be a first , what he means is do it our way or else
If REPEAL passes WILL that give TRUMP or GOP a right 2 withhold subsidy payments, change rules, stop certain activities in ACA immediately?
What a concept!! GO Al!!
Franken for POTUS 2020. I'll even settle for VP.
Rethugs don't want real solutions, except for a tax cut for the parasite overclass.
Thank you, senator.
Imagine that?! You guys are elected to represent the American people to solve problems like mending the ACA, jobs, college aid & clean water
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP should be told keeping @SenateDems out of the HCBill is slapping the faces of Americans! Democrats & Independent voters
I think that might be a modern day fantasy; if you can make that happen, I'm for Franken 2020!

I am afraid that the hard right ideologues will never allow that to happen. Their ideaology excludes facts for beliefs - but please try
Yeah but...campaigned on repeal and replace, @GOP always does what they campaign on hahaha
Thank you, sir. The spirit of Paul Wellstone lives on.
Just got  a tear in my eye remembering our Senator Wellstone - and very grateful for our Senator Franken and Senator @amyklobuchar
Too bad there are so few of you who do.
I want someone to make a genetically engineered virus that either turns Republicans into Democrats aka doubling their IQ or just kills them.
oh man, we're just so far past this. If it takes burning it down to get trump, ryan and mcconnell out, just do it.
Correct
VOTE NO ON THE HEALTHCARE REPEAL VOTE NO VOTE NO VOTE NO VOTE NO VOTE NO VOTE NO VOTE NO VOTE NO VOTE NO VOTE NO VOTE NO
Sneak an amendment into the final bill to impeach trump. That would be cool.
Don't forget about Pence. We don't want him either.
Too bad the GOP won't hear of it

Franken 2020
Yes! Al Franken 2020! 
Could we be so lucky?
Maybe if enough people let Dems know! I also think Adam Schiff would be good.
What dreams may come?
Yeah....... me to
