Pleased that GOP colleagues @SenatorCollins & @lisamurkowski have voiced that they want to work in a bipartisan way to improve health care.
YES! So sick & tired of the partisanship in DC by both sides.
Been voting since 1968. I know how to follow what has happened. Not trying to fight just saying enough is enough.Move forward.
I've been voting since '84 (When I was #CertifiablyStupid when it comes 2 electing people 2 office) & EVEN I realize DC isn't gonna change)
I know, especially with less & less quality people running.As I said it just keeps getting worse.It will get far worse or it will get better
It'll get worse before it gets better.  The #Beltway is like a drug addict - You can't help 'em if they're not willing to WORK at it
That's the first time I've EVER heard them called "Repukes" Fucking #LOL 

Here - Lemme hashtag it for you in the future - #Repukes 
I call them Repubes!
Except NOT ALL of them are that though. But we CAN stick the #Republikkkunt label on those who ARE however  
We can also use the #Republicunt label on those who persist in doing things like #DefundingPP & making an #Abortion hard to get too. 
We deserve a real President.  How about working on the removal of this fake one and his cronies so we can move on?
Or get out of the insurance-profit-protection business.
ACA & ACHA unsustainable because of premiums.
Taxes should pay 4 care, not profits.
B.S. Profits incentivize efficiency and quality, Comrade.
When the bottom line is $$$ growth, quality/care decrease (efficiency), deductibles/costs go up to protect profit (incentive). Bad 4 hlthcr.
I'm sure you're perfectly comfortable using the same argument for other needed services: food, housing, energy, clothing...right comrade?
As you are comfortable with Americans dying bc they are not among the wealthy. The gap between the haves/have-nots now amounts to this.
Nobody's dying because of profit. Actually, the opposite is true. False narrative
People are dying because of a profit (growth) requirement if a life is deemed unimportant so a profit margin can be met (caps/deductibles).
Would like to see you source one time that's actually happened.

Meanwhile, I'll source Venezuela right now.
The spirit of bipartisanship would be nice, but the Democrats need to realize the Republicans are not playing by those rules.
When are the elected reps going to care about the anxiety so many of us feel? Power/party seems all that matters We're hurting out here
We need caps of the costs. Insurance companies need regulation.  The medical & pharma must have caps on their profit margin. Problem solved
You are right!! Just do it!
Propose two health care plans. One for Dems and one for Republicans. That way everyone is happy. I wanna be in the Dem pool.
Every senator and congressman should be made to use what is foisted on the masses. Bet a good plan would evoke!
I totally agree.  If Congress were subject to all the laws they foist on everyone else in the country I'm sure we would see immediate change
Ha ha ha! I think you are right!
Ha. You must be new here
 Rs are poisonous to democracy and will do anything to kill the Republic in exchange for tax cuts..
Don't disagree Senator. I just see vitriol and hate from all. I am cynical that anyone is truly working for the American people.
Some days I feel like your tweets are the only ones that make sense! What is happening to the U.S.?! So divided. Sad to watch from .
hysterical BECAUSE you know damn well there are only two ways, and you and your libshits are the Commie way
Healthcare isn't part of a free market. You have a stroke, you go to the hospital and it costs whatever they charge.  Do some homework.
Free market dictates DEMAND for insurance, if it's allowed to cross state lines and COMPETE, costs come way down, you should learn BUSINESS
Thank you.  Keep our Health Care.
Our founding fathers and mothers (Abigail Adams,) were so enlightened. This is our birthday. I encourage all to start having some gravitas.
Amen to that! Merely saying No repeatedly is not enough.  We need our own Democratic plan
And if GOP wont?? Take over create a detailed plan to let Americans have a choice. Lets go!!! Defeat them with policy not words
I agree  What are Dems waiting for?  Create your own bipartisanship task force, come up with appropriate changes to ACA. GOP leaders useless
Way too optimistic. Koch said plan wasn't "conservative" enough. We are all on the Koch & Friends billionaire train to hell.
We need to separate from Koch & Friends billionaire posse as they are toxic. They are destroyers. We need to separate not negotiate.
then do it! It only takes one democrat to take the lead who cares what they call it .do it publicly get as many rep as possible
That's what we need.  Yesterday
That's much too logical and sane for DT.
Thank you!!!
Someone with some sense
The @GOP have no interest in making health insurance work for the American people, only to make it work for the insurance industry. Sad.
It needs to start being about getting health care to all Americans... Not "access to health insurance."
DEMAND #SinglePayerNow
Access to health insurance needs to STOP being what we're trying to achieve.
Access to health care for all Americans.
DEMAND #SinglePayerNow
start working together on everything.  If you don't, every power shift results in overturning the previous efforts.  USA is multi party syst
With all due respect, Senator (because I really do respect you): only as long as you're not getting sucked into one of McConell's traps!
WTF! Why do we even need to spend taxpayers $ on a wall! Most illegals come by plane on visitor's visas then over stay! Use $ 4 healthcare!
Yes!
Thank you, Senator.  I sincerely hope enough of you are able to do what is best for ALL of us.
Al, you Dems lost my mother forever to the GOP when you pushed the ACA and she couldn't afford HC AND had to pay a penalty. Great job.
How was she better off before the ACA?  Single payer is best, but it was impossible to implement with the GOP and half the nation against it
Dear @SenFranken, is the goal to provide decent health care to Americans or protect profits of insurance companies?
well, he DID say "bipartisan" so I'm assuming your Q. was rhetorical. u should know the "bipartisan" A. by now..$
What's infuriating about liberals & Democrats = prioritizing agreement of people in power over good policy.

@MissJules5x
Democrats will only fight for good policy within the range of "we can still fundraise from corporate execs".

@MissJules5x
Tell that to Drunk Grandpa AKA #45
Senator I could not agree more! I HAVE begged the President to do just that . I ask you to please push your bipartisan idea to Mr. Trump
McConnell doesn't want to have anything to do with bipartisan "nonsense."
The problem is the name. Conservatives will not be happy unless Obama's legacy is destroyed. They are stubborn, pathetic, resentful children
Yes, and call it Obamacare 2.0.  See, that's the thing.  It's all about the #GOP being junior high school about the nickname.
@SenFranken  I wish that would happen. I say let the women senators do the work so we don't have all of that ego in the room
Follow through on your words with action for a change.
Go AL!
President Al Franken has a ring to it
So you're saying fix the car instead of fighting over who gets to use the roller blades?
The ACA is garbage legislation. Anyone who has read it knows that. It needs to be scrapped and then start fresh. Why leave trash inside?
Excactly
Amen @SenFranken
Common sound sense. A novel idea.
Why? You’ve shown over and over again that you won’t work with an administration you are actively trying to overthrow. Sit down and shut up.
@SukiSMiller My goodness! So edgy Al. We need some balls in the Dem Party-soon to be transformed to progressive party or perish
Thank you @SenFranken You are truly a thoughtful and selfless leader
like how cost are skyrocketing, insurers are leaving, & coverage is dwindling under the failed #Obamacare? #DemocratsLiesMatter
I couldn't agree more. Good health care is a right not a privilege or just for the privileged.
Amen!
Actually deserve more but not getting it niw
"No. We must build walls."
 Trump is stupid, and stupid harms everyone.
Bravo!
Yes yes yes
Maybe the senators should use my insurance coverage see what I have to pay out in premiums, out of pocket costs to see the real world
It will take the catastrophe of AHCA for Dems to take control of Congress back.  There is a silver lining but at a high cost to the sick.
We must protect all citizens, especially those most vulnerable. Universal health care; this too must be an inalienable right.
Or #MedicareforAll
#MedicareForAll
Yes, Senator Franken!! Thank you!
If Trump tried to push truly moderate legislation, do you think he would be winning? Or are we that divided?
Yes!!
Medicare buy in for  over fifty. A good short term solution that doesn't kill people
Just fix it, let them slap Trumps name on it if it makes them happy. Just work together for the people  who elected them.
Rs need to be working w Ds to FIX it! Please! In case you can't read, that's what he's saying!
Yes, that is exactly  what I am saying. Maybe reread my tweet.
All small business owner 19 years, the ACA was the only affordable way  for me to offer coverage to my employees. One **will**die without...
They don't want us please present our solution to fix ACA and post it with CBO score! That's only way we can be proactive!
Thats where your wrong Al, we voted to repeal and replace
The House did but the Senate has yet to...
No the american people voted for it.
No, the American people voted for an array of candidates with an array of positions.
No we voted for Donald Trump who campaigned on it.
I  ypur sense of humor, sir, gives me something 2 laugh at when things look awfully grim! Thank you!
You had 7 yrs to fix it ? Now you give a shit about Health Care and the over 20 million Americans who lost their plans and their doctors ?
I believe we deserve single payer and nothing less.
Precisely!
Thank you! It's not rocket science, not sure why GOP can't figure that out.
Why are the people who will use the plans asked what they want and need?!
The American people deserve no less than the rest of the civilized world. Universal healthcare for all!
Indeed!!!
Ya Think ?
Enact  #AmeriCare Health Care Act of 2009
Thanks Al! You're doing a bang up job for the U.S.  You're what we expect from our elected reps 
You know they don't want to work with D's they Only want Tax Cuts for their Donors...
What is wrong with the ACA is it is insurance based, single payer is the fix
After we sort out healthcare can we please fix US infrastructure?
Thank you!
SINGLE FUCKING PAYER, OR FACE DEFEAT AFTER DEFEAT UNTIL AMERICA DIES!!
@veve4heart YES PLEASE!
I saw McConnell say non of the Dems were interested. God I hate that man.
@SenTedCruz Work with Al Franken
@JohnCornyn Work with Al Franken...
I like the term "Improve" 
Keep & Improve ACA
That's what Majority of Americans want. Add Public Option and require all States to have Medicaid Expansion it will fix ACA forever. So Easy
That would be wonderful, except.....@realDonaldTrump is shady AF
I've been saying this since day 1. The gop are so damn ego driven. It must be replaced when in reality, fix it. We don't care just want care
Take care to do it correctly.  Might have to continue to tweak it, but hey, you all work it and take credit Bi-bipartisan style. Win x 3!
Yes,thank you.  Were it only possible.
It's so simple, universal healthcare for everyone. Why do they play with our lives?
Or we could discuss single-payer.
Should also include a panel of the brightest minds in the industry, actuaries, benefit consultants, docs & pharma. Sorry, Cong not experts
We need to all work together. Keep up the good work!
America deserves to get rid of all that reminds us of the worst President in history, Obama.
Bipartisan when's that happening. You're full of crap.
I believe if the Reps really cared about the Ppl they should work on fixing Obama care, but they hated him and they are racist
Write a Bill. Show it to the public, get it assessed by CBO.When R's are planning in secret Dems shld be planning in public.  #showmethebill
Thank you, Sen. Franken. We see your relentless efforts. You are appreciated.
We need a SINGLE PAYOR SYSTEM like Medicare which MOST countries have. Ins companies are FAT from Medicare $$ + by denying healthcare 2 ppl!
Deaf ears... Ah well.... One last shot then...
NEXT...
The Humanist Party... My ONLY choice...
Only way it can be done.
Agree and best of luck! Am I still you marketing director?
I was a fan even before your days in the Senate. Thank you for speaking 4 people who'll be impacted by GOP healthcare
Really? Did you just come to the conclusion that the rest of us came up with long ago?  Do your job and represent the ppl not your party
majority of America would be thrilled for that to happen
Americans deserve SINGLE PAYER. Germany 60 million ppl and they found a way. USA has 350 million and Congress says cannot see a way. WHY?
No bipartisanship at this point.  You need to fight every tooth and nail, so innocent people aren't killed as a result of this bill.
Al, what upset people was the individual mandate. Best compromise is scrap mandate and make participation 100% voluntary.
Al, co sponsor Bernie's single payer bill to be released soon. HR 676 explains how it works
Well said - thank you!! ( did you ever think that YOU would have to be the adult in the room?
@sendavidperdue @SenatorIsakson here is what a real leader does
Yes, yes, a thousand times, YES!
Working transparently -- it's a thing #seekingcommonground101
It's NEVER gonna work with GOP Pharmaceutical GREED in the equation!!
Pharmacy red needs to move over for marijuana use for chronic pain instead of opioids where does all the money come from for those opioids
YEAH!! I do  the WEEDS!! LOLOL
If congress has the same health care plans we do, the problem would be fixed overnight
@SenFranken what are you trying to do, bring a logical approach to the Senate? GOP will not stand for being it or true reality. Al for pres!
Single payer Medicaid for all, paid through taxes For extras-prescriptions, chiropractors, Physio therapy each need to get insurance pkg
Remove trump to Alcatraz first!
YES
Improve and expand Obamacare
You're doing a fantastic job 
Thank you!!
I hope you can make it happen.  It's the only out of this.   Thanks!
exactly! Is only there were more empathetic humans, like you,  in government!
Sounds good Al but McConnell said hell no basically in unless we kiss his A..on MSNBC at 6 this evening the hell with that bunch
And what, specifically, is working?
Yes.  A country cannot succeed or flourish with a sickly, impoverished, uneducated citizenry. We ALL need a healthy country!
#RepairNotReplace
Fix ACA to cover even more people till we get to 100%. GOP can't defend Trumpcare as healthcare bill with billions $$ in tax cuts for rich.
Very good idea.
Because we're special and gosh darn it, people like us!  Keep at it Senator!  You're a beacon for a lot of folks.
Yes please! That's the only way to be sure it's for the American people and not politics
Agree 1000% and now you just need to maneuver around the ego of @realDonaldTrump #saveamerica
YES!!!!  GO Senator Franken.  Please help start a Bipartisan work group to get things going, start from scratch if needed.
I agree ( A former Republican now a recovering Republican ) parties need to work together on issues to make people's lives better.
Exactly! #build and #fix #TOGETHER - focus on REAL #people needs & #healthcare Thanks @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins
I extend my challenge to you @SenFranken
Single Payer???????????
Could you run for president? You have compassion and integrity and make common sense!
Totally agree but GOP doesn't think that way! Thanks for your hard work!!!
What isn't is the damage the GOP has done to it and  by not paying what was owed
1.Thank u @SenAlFrank my aunt & uncle r very wealthy. They r Dems & don't mind paying their fair share!
2. ACA did make it near impossible 4 them 2 cover employees in their 4 locations. They r a small business.
3. They would love 2 be able 2 find a good group policy to offer as its the same insurance they use. I'm ACA proponent
4. And they would be 2 if we could iron out kinks in the law. @GOP has responsibility 2 work w/Dems 2 make ACA work 4 all Americans!
They are its called AHCA
What worries me is when McConnell says he's doing what the voters asked for means he's not acting on behalf of all Americans, just his base.
Thank you for your service, sir!
This is the first time you have ever attempted to be constructive.... aaand you failed
So simple. That's what needs to happen!
Single payer today, single payer tomorrow, single payer forever...

That should be the Democrats unifying rally to the GOP catastrophe.
Exactly right!
Thank you Al!
Thank you so much for all you do, Al!
Yes! No one expected perfect. But did expect more work. Not TOTAL THROW AWAY.
From your lips to G-d's ears!
Please!!!!
But what about torching ACA, pissing on the ashes and blaming Obama instead?
That's the GOP plan.
Dems get a plan together, with specifics, start getting your ideas out to the public!
Finally someone making sense of all this hooey balooey BS!!  Everybody wants to go to heaven but nobody wants to die unnecessarily !!
What a revolutionary idea! Keep what's good, fix the rest. Hmmmm....too logical. It'll never fly.
And if Donnie just wants his name on something we can call the fixed ACA Obama-trumpcare
Yes . I'm getting sick of this. We elected you all to fix it
ACA is costing me almost 3k a month. Get real
I'm confused. If it's "single" wouldn't Single Payer be "less"? 
2 words: Single Payer!
no choice but to try and fix it. You are amazing. I want to shut down and pretend this is it happening. But you are right in it. Thank you.
I would like just one person who says we need single payer to explain how do propose it's funded and who will manage it? None as of yet
Ask Canada, ask the UK. Ask any of the other 1st world countries that have it.
So you can't answer? Why do sick Canadians pay cash in sates? Or brits go elsewhere
I agree 100%!  I'd also like to know why isn't illegal for Republicans to not maintain ACA while it is still the law of the land???
Huh?
#Frankenfor2020
I think we deserve decency front the Dems and not making up Russia witch hunt. Look how dirty lunch looks. Last WH w/ unmasking
I hope that you will be able to find Democrats and Republicans who will work together.  I think ll that is how it used to be.
You have bipolar ideology how is it possible? They want to cut and we want expansion. And something MUST be done to control cost
Do you mean he is acting like a centrist?
why not push for single payer though?
Exactly. Repair/replace not repeal. Repeal is just an ego move by Trump to erase everything Obama created.
#Franken2020
Why does Trump hate Obama so much?
I agree!!
Thank you, Senator Franken
What part of the ACA did the Republicans already fix?  I have not seen anything yet,
Sen. Franken, a rational voice.  This is absolutely what needs to be done, for everyone.  Please make it happen.
It would be nice. @SenateGOP won't do that. @GOP bought & paid 4 by @NRA & #KochBrothers. Nice try but Americans will die b/c of #TrumpCare
Trump has a thing about WALLS. 
Only the cronies are allowed within his secret garden.
Agreed. Identify strengths & weaknesses.  Address concerns without regard to party or lobby influence and build a strong system for America.
If we go forward on the ACA together, I hope for a positive bipartisan process that yields resolution for all to afford health care! SMART!
start with addressing drug costs ... that should be bipartisan @SenMajLdr @HouseGOP @SenateGOP
I concur, let's make that happen, please!! Teamwork!! #Bipartisanship
I believe you should demand that the criminal Jeff Sessions resign. Why won't you?
This time do not ignore poor folks in 19 states.
Single payer

Tell 'em, Al!
