It's not just Neo-Nazi hate groups.  It's alt-rights who got all mixed up in #trump's hate rhetoric.  #TrumpSucks and this is his fault
"Alt-right" = Nazi. There's no separation. The name change was rebranding, nothing more.
Yeah, there is a separation. Some alt-rights don't completely align with Nazi beliefs.
Such as?

DGAF how many flavors of asshole they come in. If you need to refer to source material to explain how "alt right" aren't Nazis they're Nazis
The different factions don't all identity with Nazi-ism.
Does that really matter!?
If you don't like racism and slavery.... The #RacistDNC not the place to be.... Time to #MAGA
President Trump is VILE I've said,  since he was running  the way he conducted himself TRUMP IS VILE, EVIL masquerading now as a Christian
Democrat mayor allowed what happened in Charlottesville because he told the police to stand down he should be changed with murder too.
Bewildered that more Republicans aren't speaking out about something so frightening. What's up with that?
TY. All 48 Dem senators & 194 House Dems should hold joint press conference condemning Cville events & demand Trump denounce
White Supremacists, KKK, & Nazis We need your vocal leadership now more than ever b4 Trump is a plague & destroying our country
There's a long history of #Racism with the #DNC and a history with the KKK and the NAZI party that goes deeper than the #socialist ties.
politicians r all 1 color and it's Green like and that swamp water is green too! Drain that swamp with term limits! It's the Gov. 
you need to run for POTUS in 2020...@SenFranken
I am with you Jim, he should run because he would be soundly defeated due to being inept. He is a fraud. Wake up.
I am just seeing this, sorry for delay. Wake up to what exactly?
The fact that Al Franken is inept and a hypocrite.
You guys know @NancyPelosi's dad dedicated those Lee & Jackson statues while Baltimore Mayor 1948? #RacistDNC was still do Klan bakes then
It was an absolute joke what the last 8yrs were in this country and you were 1 of them
Sen. Al Franken for President 2020
You're the first Senator who said the word "Nazi." You are now my hero. (Okay, you already were, but you know what I mean.)
We'll see how long he sticks with that he doesn't change his mind like Dean Heller did
I share your outrage .@SenFranken. I looked through your timeline & saw no similar outrage for this Antifa  hate group. Weird.
The hate were seeing towards our president is just as discusting. FRANENSTIEN
So many facts about the #racistDNC have now been hidden, but can be found in #theBigLie by @DineshDSouza. #Educate youselves. ##MAGA
So do ANTIFA and BLM. Strange you don't call them out.
Yep...
It's bad, but so is the hate you profess to our president
You should also condemn #BLM and #Antifa violence and hate are violence and hate. The right condemned neo-nazi & KKK you cling to your hate.
When are our Democratic leaders going to hold rallies around the country for our causes? Start now before the 2018 and 2020 elections!
No one wants 2 answer my question! Where are our Dem. leaders? What are they doing to unite this country? Where do they stand on issues?
If you don't like racism and slavery.... The #RacistDNC not the place to be.... Time to #MAGA
Thank you, Mr. Franken. Where is the ACTION in Congress?  People are so weary of the words.
Then 2016 election must be set aside by Congress & @SpeakerRyan becomes president. Same as a tainted crime lab. @POTUS @Scotus @VP @GOP @DNC
When Nazi's wanted laws for treatment of Jews, they didnt write new law, the went to the #RacistDem south & took there's. Then changed words
Well said he who yells at dentists!
Your identity politics fuel it. Your members of Congress are complicit.
What are we doing about this besides being reactive? We need to wipe this out now.
Thank you Senator. Knew you'd do it!
As well as ANTIFA and BLM! We ALL need to unite!!! People can be such morons sometimes....life is about living TOGETHER!!!!
Please fix healthcare
If only we could get the likes of Gorka and Bannon out of the White House. #Charlotteville
@finafyr Yes that's truce  we allowed them to come together
if you mean the words you have here do something about it otherwise its just talk and we the people have had enough empty words
Trump Froze $10 Million Granted For Combating Neo NAZI White Supremacists.
It's time to impeach trump. He stoked this fire and now it's out of control.
Please condemn ANTIFA and BLM also! Thank you DENOUNCE THEM as Terrorist groups
...and our President is a Coward!!
So does Black Lives Matter. Call the violence out on the left as well.
So disheartening. We need leadership from #45. I don't think that is possible. He is a cruel person and that won't change. 
then the left wing nazi commie kkk democrat party should be disbanded with their history of hate
Trump does the exact opposite.
Please start proceedings to impeach Trump for he is a threat to America and in some aspects a terrorist
Hon.Sen. pls call the AG in VS. Pls Ask him why isn't this man charged as a domestic terrorist?
Hate is negative energy, LOVE is positive#Charlottesville#bekind stop hate with love
Play this for this Nazi dudes.
That's hilarious.  You still got it.
Trumps getting warned by Duke.  Trump is owned by several Nazi's
Didn't @POTUS just say the same exact thing? Oh, wait... No. He did not.
Trump is an assault on the heart and soul of Americans.  I want Congress to unanimously condemn him personally for encouragement of nazis.
The "President" we're seeing in Washington is vile.
Heil Trump.  Make no mistake that Charlottesville had nothing to do with Trump
They yell "Heil Trump" & give Nazi salute—which reps genocide of millions. This is not "free speech"—it's terrorism 
It's an indication of leadership that you're willing to call them out.  DJT is not.
Yeah you had no problem with all the cop haters assassins on the left
Crawl Back in the Swamp Put diaper on and Suck you Thumb D  
Al, PLEASE - will you and your colleagues do SOMETHING to get our 5th-Grader-in-Chief THE HELL OUT? Please, Al, DO SOMETHING.
Nazis are trump's base. He leads them to commit violent acts against true Americans. Trump hates Americans, only loves sex. money & power.
Thank you, Mr President.
The terrorists are in the WH and his deplorables. Deport and send them all to a war zone. It's time the Democrats stoop to the Repukes level
It's time the democrats say it as it really is! Drumpf, his Russian Regime, the Repukes, and his base are the real terrorists. Impeach Now!
Rump's base is fueling this hate.
Yet, our prez doesn't call it what it is!!! I'm white and I do not support such hatred.
The world is watching this play out...Canada here
Companies who see their employees in these rallies...start firing them !!  If they are unemployed take away their benifits.
I guess the only good thing about Trump and his cronies giving racists a podium is that it exposes who they are. They forgot to wear sheets
Today, liberal democrats are modern day Nazi's
What emboldened them pray tell ?
This hate has been there all along & Trump has unleashed it & encouraged these criminals with his own lies bullying and absence of respect
The #GOP is complicit for today's actions by not #STANDING beside Obama and saying this is not true and we will not have fake news in our US
#GOP #DNC should have stopped trump lies. The Alt Right saw trump as their poster child when he kept saying Pres. Obama wasn't American.
I was born and raised in Charlottesville. The events that transpired there today do not represent the city as a whole.
Trump openly encouraged this behavior.  We the people, need action by our leaders to backup words.
Constrast in emotional intelligence comparing Obama's tweets to 45.
#STANDUP #DOSOMETHING #BETHEVOICEWENEED
the neo nazis are in california
I love you Senator Franken and have for many many years - but does this comment even need to be expressed?

Sad!
It is a very sad day. All the polls are making their statements. Could be worse. Could be tRump's.

Call it what it is a terrorist attack
Thank you Sen. Frankin. Love your book.... after this is over you will have to write another
We need watch the words that come out of our mouths! WORDS DO MATTER! Wake up AMERICA, civil debate needs to become the norm AS IT ONCE WAS!
Thank you!
@SenFranken  Where are the Dems? It's only going to get worse.
Thank you for tonight in St. Louis.

RT RT...WHITE SUPREMACISTS HAVE ORGANIZED ANOTHER MARCH FOR BOSTON ON THE 19TH...SPREAD THE WORD....ARE GOING TO DO IT AGAIN, SHUT THEM DOWN
Politicians have to do more than tweet. You need to call out fellow politicians who are behind hate and racism.
Please push for the resignation of djt
Call for impeachment Sir. Call for removal of AG Sessions. Enough is enough. Be loud. Be brave. Say the words.
But aren't those whose beliefs we disagree with a part of that diversity?
please speak for us on this issue.
Thank you @alfranken for all you do for your constituents. You are a great Senator.
I agree completely! But when we have a racist @realDonaldTrump in office, the message peddled contradicts our ideals!
With you all the way Senator Franken
Congress needs a bill to get the alt right, racist, bigots, Neo Nazis out of the WH. Trumps swamp rats Bannon, Miller, Gorka need to go
You're in a position to do something about this. Words are not enough.
I hate Nazis.
Not all Trump supporters are Nazis but all Nazis are Trump supporters. 100% Truth.
The far left and censorship finally pushed the far right too far
Sir, please!! This is so embarrassing. We have no leader. What happens if a larger tragedy occurs? SAVE US!! #thisisnotus #LockHimUp
Thank you, sir.
The hate is coming down from the top. he speaks to his fellow subjects. They got his message. Impeach the N
Do you not realize the KKK is an offshoot of the Democrats!
I fully agree
I can't say more. I am appalled.
Will we ever figure out how these radical hate mongers became so emboldened in the past 200 days or so? Ever??
#trumpsters
What made them choose Charlottesville?
Today America is weak #charlotesville
Thank you, Senator Franken
We need sane leadership in Washington. Putin got far more than he paid for -the country in chaos, armed KKK marching, nuclear threats! 
Well said, Senator Franken. Thanks you for your efforts to help all Americans.
Did you see all the crazies running around with giant giant guns?????????

while David Duke said they were "going to fulfill the promises of Trump."  Obviously Trump's words have inflamed racism & made hate ok.
Do you think we can get the Democrats and Republicans to agree to remove Donald Trump from office
Thank you, Sen Franken!
https://www.facebook.com/eduardo.rubiera/posts/1571061589600279 …
Fueled by Trump.
I'm sorry the prez did not recognize the terror attack on the mosque. We know he has a problem calling it for what it is. xxoo
Trump is their leader, until Bannon , Miller and Gorka are gone, he is not our president.
Bannon in the White House brings this hate. Get rid of white supremacist in OUR White House.
"Our diverse communities"?
Sounds like paternalistic ownership. You mean, "cultural diversity is the expression of our highest good."sheesh
Lol meeting words with violence is bad, dude.  It doesn't matter who is doing it, it should be condemned.
Thanks for having the guts to call out actual Nazis!
Run for President!
How do we impeach? When will our voices actually be heard? How many more will be run over? How many more nuclear threats?
I agree, so when can we expect that you will #Fight4MedicareForAll Proof is in the pudding with all due respect sir.
I'm a Brit watching all this from my homeland. All I can say is thank you Senator, for putting a 'Name' to this behaviour 
Thank you.
ignoring them is best, they feed off of anger
Nazi terrorists is a better description.
They're terrorists.
Right, so let's stop the identity politics
Plus stop Trumps pissing match with NKorea. Senator Al, get the legislature together and stop this mad man

The world said never again, it is AGAIN.  Trump fed the Racist fire of the homegrown terrorists, and opened the door to an (un)civil war.
Can't the power you carry as a senator do something to stop this insanity, life is scary to just say something in public can get u killed.
What is this "both sides" that Trump speaks of? Can @GOP really stand for this? Why aren't they saying what you're saying?
yes all stirred by the left wing hate rhetoric from the likes of you  and progressive /socialists
What's VILE is that 45 is proud to call them his BASE
Reckon he will pay their legal fees?
Remember his offer to pay such while on campaign
Al Franken for President 
is that why U signed Sen Res 118 criminalizing Free Speech? like the good little Soros Puppet U are
So do more to stop them. Please. We NEED you.
Sad.  Very sad.  Thank you, Senator Franklin for caring about us.
#NaziSpeakIsNotFreeSpeech #WhiteSupremacyIsTerrorism
Hey, Al:
Why not propose a Domestic Terrorism bill?
I'm reading your book. You should consider the Presidency.
We need to get at the root causes of this type of hate. I'm guessing most of these people are extremely uneducated.
#Kompromat #KACsplitends YOU RAN A WHITE SUPREMACIST PLATFORM I2I in your face #Charlottesville #GoPISStealing #mcconnellcoverup
Senator please do the right thing and encourage your cohorts in the House to bring impeachment charges against the vile man that occupies WH
@realDonaldTrump presents a kind of "leadership" that will only create more decisiveness, hatred, and separation of our country. #Impeach45
Hey Al- u should have faxed that statement to Cheeto- that would have been presidential.
Curious when AIPAC will start Defunding & Shunning the GOP & the Base? The Diaspora knows what they're looking at. Defunding soon I suspect
Trump talks of "many sides" being at fault. He can't admit he's a white supremacist (Nazi).
You know this is way worse then any nazi protesters we had in germany for decades..i would be very worried if i were you sir.
Why do you say this?
that they wake up?..instead of playing that stuff down all the time..it had to be told that this is a serious problem.
#Americanterrorists provoked by the #OrangeSphincter.
Amen Brother! #noroomontheisland
Speaking out against and naming it. Thank you. More politicians need to follow suit.
That's @realDonaldTrump base so obviously he won't name and denounce them
POTUS and his regime has brought the roaches into the light. Send #AltRightNazis to Syria/Afghanistan/Etc to fight against Jihad
What would it take to make you the president?

Thank you
