Sen Al runs towards the chaos.
You need to be thrown out! People need your o Pay for insurance private . it's hard but I do it on $16 K a year retirement.
The bill needs to be thrown out along with Trump Pence Ryan and McConnell.  Traitors all.
We must make R choice-We may have Democracy or we may have wealth concentratd in the hands of a few-but we cant have both-LB #healthcarebill
Thank you @SenFranken!
Well said Senator! Millions of us out here feel the same way. We wish had a voice #womenagainstrepeal
Alaska will suffer the hardest of this entire scam of tax break disguised as healthcare Lisa Murkowski needs help against Koch Dan Sullivan
@SenDanSullivan is lying through his teeth on the Senate floor. (How in the hell is it legal for senators to bald-faced lie about a bill that will DEVASTATE the MIDDLE CLASS?)

He's says this bill helps us.
Here's what I have to say to him: LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR!
how is it I pay for healthcare insurance for the government yet I have none?
When is Trump going to finally removed from office?  Then deal with all the Republicans that are using the chaos to push their agendas.
I hope you can help @SenRonJohnson figure this out #KeepKidsCovered
#Dems & #GOP R JUST WONDERFUL... TELL Us They CARE... BULLSHIT... They Play "Party Politics" While PEOPLE DIE... #HealthcareBill  #TeaParty
You've been rocking the house Senator! We need more positive role models like you representing all American citizens! Thanks Muchly!
Single payer
The best thing, in my humble opinion, is to fix the GOP sabotage in the #ACA .
Forget the bill, throw out the @SenateGOP. Like their hero, Trump, they don't give a shit about avg Americans or Vets. #BRCA
Republicans are now the Party of Predators. No longer can be called Party of Family Values as they have NONE! GOP = POP = Party of Predators
Thx @SenFranken 4 all the hard work! Although we did not see u yesterday, Katie was super nice & made our visit meaningful by listening 2 us
Thank you Senator Franken for having the courage to speak truth to power. The govt. should issue emergency rulings to freeze insurance
Thanks for your Sane voice in the Sea of Craziness from tRrumpland Repubs. Keep going Strong! We Luv Ya :)
Thank you sir. We need you.
I believe Senator it has some good stuff! But to take both parties now to work together would be better!!!
companies and force them back into states they've bailed from. We should also place a federal limit an insurance co. can be paid. Period.
Maybe you should offer an amendment that contains the ACA verbatim. But call it McConnellcare so Mitch the Bitch can declare victory.
Beautiful Sir
Right on!
And buried. Deep. Never to return.#FrankenforPOTUS
Expect the worst; they won't quit: Coming soon – “Trumpcare 3.0: Return of the Sociopaths”
they have been working on ACA replacement since 2010.  The assholes are misfits and should not be working for us.  BOOT THEM OUT!
Does the Democrats have an alternative bill to improve the current healthcare system and reduce cost? If they do, please put it out.
Please run for president sir!
Thank You soooooo much AL! Your hard work is appreciated. - Your Green Bay Friend!
Listening to NPR & explanation of GOP pushing trumpcare to have a significant legislation win for 45. Makes me sick, no pun intended.
Thank goodness
Uhm this is a social media platform can't u do ur job at work in silence like real ppl
Just proves they care about Kochs and not their constituents. @RandPaul has HUGE Medicaid constituency Guess he wants them 2 die
 You're a man of morals & substance!
I'm glad to see you taking a more prominent role lately.  You're striking a nice tone.
THE GOP needs the time to buy more votes. Scoundrels will sell us out. Millions will suffer. Call your Senator today.
Thank you thank you for always showing up and speaking up.
Bless you and your work.
Franken 2020. Make America Sane Again.
 I didn't understand the giddiness over this delay either. Another week of orchestrated distraction. Throw it out and start again, please
I agree. Keep calling, texting, blogging and posting to STOP THIS "SO-CALLED" HEALTH BILL (deathcare, trump-less-care)
Thank you, Senator Franken!!
AND, Senator, you need to follow @SenWarren's lead & offer full-throated support for #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll. Now is the time!
I think it is time to start really pushing  single payer. .. that's where this bill needs to go
I'm of the school of thought they don't want jeering @ parades 4th of July is a big holiday for Politicians keep calling be loud at parade
Can't stop thinking of this fake health bill as part of Bannon/CNP apocalyptic fantasy.
Thank you for your concise, well written statement. Thanks for your appearances, I always enjoy hearing you speak about the issues.
Always looking 4 ways 2 commit crimes against individuals w/immunity. Get a real job in the private sector. Stop the criminality
Agree DEMS cannot become complacent. We must continue to fight for affordable, quality healthcare for all. Call 202-224-3121.
Great! Doing what @realDonaldTrump wants you to do. Now Dems are gonna have to own failed Obamacare going into '18 elections. #StillWinning
Senator Al Franken For President #2020
We need to call the GOP HC bill what it is: a bill that calls for the genocide of the poor and disabled. #killthepoor #TrumpCare #Wealthcare
Those of us with elderly parents or pre-existing conditions can only hope it will be thrown out. But Trump likes to threaten Reps to pass it
Does GOP Congress realize the health care bill results in genocide? Don't think so? It will legally kill millions of seniors among others.
Waiting with baited breath to see just who the GOP buys to support this tax break for the rich.
Totally agree
thanks for working to help me and my faimily. we all have pre-existing conditions. im in LA and a dan of u on snl and more in senate. thx
Action plan?
So what's the plan? We go to town halls and voice our concerns. We need @SenateDems to help 'we the people' make sure this bill never passes
Thank you for being smart, principled, and funny AF.
You tell them Al!!!!
They're still going to try to ram this thing through and trying to do without a bi-partisan effort! Why doesn't Trump invite Democrats also?
Good, maybe you and the rest of the senate can take the time to read what's in the bill.
It angers me when they say they're doing this for the American people? But they're not listening them. Their objective rings louder!
Agreed! Thank you!
Wow who knew hc so complicated......great statement n iveiw on hb
Some other trash to be thrown out 4 another day! Bill is trash OBAMACARE SHOULD BE PUT IN PLACE NOT NEW BILL TO KILL!
It's a shit sandwich. No matter how much shit you scrape off, the best outcome is shit stained bread. Throw it out and make one with no shit
THANK YOU SO MUCH Senator Franken for being a man for THE PEOPLE of this country...even the people who hate you.
Thanks for having our backs @SenFranken
If it's thrown out it will get more conservative. So, I agree with you, Senator Franken. Throw it out.
Yes, out with it.  Fix what is in place, our country is better than this!
Thank you @SenFranken !
Spot on statement. Thank you, Senator. It's a real shame most of the GOP don't see this as common sense.
Do old white guys who designed the healthcare so-call bill have the slightest clue how ignorant they look trying to sell us this garbage?
I assume that's a rhetorical question. They need to make it look like they tried to pass this bill to keep their rich donors happy.
Really? I thought u were to have a big party in a garden, take photos, yell about being vindicated, demand apology, tweet 'heartfelt' bill.
We have seen what .@SenateGOP .@SenateMajLdr truly would do to us w/ #Trumpcare bill.Tells me all I need to know abt them!.@chrislhayes
Yo you need a new job....your so old school and lame!
So Senator Franken and Senator Durbin are clearly willing to work with Republicans. @SenateMajLdr how about you?

That time in 2010 when Obama held a Bipartisan #Healthcare Summit. 

Before the ACA Vote
…
They will just take there time to crash the ACA & not pay the bills they will get what they want either way!
Fix ACA
So I'm I they delay
Thank you for your hard work, dignity, grace, and yes, your humor. I especially appreciated honesty of latest book's depiction of Senate.
Thank you for being the voice of reason. I don't think they will listen but thank you.
Thank you for backing the people and educating rick perry on his job discription! Feel a little safer, maybe a printout now?

We need to see dems fix. Trumpcare isn't passing so what are we  (dems ) doing to fix it
Kinda like Obamacare you got to pass it to see what's in it isn't that what Pelosi said the Dems calling the kettle black
Thank you. Let's make it better not worst.
Have a bill ready to fix ACA next week. Then work w Sen GOP to make it work. We'll made calls to FIX ACA
Keep calling, protesting!! We're still in danger! #GOPDeathCare WILL BE BACK!! 

#TheResistance #HealthcareBill #Indivisible #resist #NoAHCA
Yea and have to watch they aren't called back in when no ones watching! Crooks/Liars! What about Sessions lies??
Which, if they had 1/16th of a brain, they would have known all along their HC attempt  wouldn't be popular! They are Heartless and cruel!
It's neither recyclable nor compostable; it's radioactive garbage that needs to be contained.
Thank you for your service Al!
Thank you Senator. Not just for Minnesotans, but for all of us.
I like him!
We're with you @SenFranken 
 Thanks!
Single Payer. Period.
And you need to do something about racist cops and racism in MN. We never see you with people of color!
