I wonder how many Senators who lectured DeVos on "virtues" of PUBLIC schools send their kids to PRIVATE schools?
COMMON CORE already destroyed it! 
Agreed. And as a parent w/ a child w/ a disability in a public school that offers wonderful resources it scares the hell out of me!
Not to mention as someone who lives in bear country I choose the bears over the guns!
it astounded me, too. Thank you for persisting. If isn’t familiar with this concepts, she’s not qualified for the position.
Has any of his appointments been qualified? Name one. Just one. I double dog dare you.
no need to dare: Quite literally, not a single one of them have been qualified. They’re completely wrong.
I have no love for Trump or the swamp of conflicts of interests he is creating, but Mattis is qualified.
ABSOLUTELY! SEMPER FI!
Your party has a perpetual F in education management. Time to get out of the way, the grow ups are in charge. #MAGA
why are you blaming him for your obvious lack of education?
The only obvious thing is #Trump is going to #MAGA and save us from #Globalist #Socialist
you really shouldn't use big words you don't understand
Awww, that's precious.
we need to stop her. Think of America in 20 years after she ruins public education forever. Children are powerless #NotoDeVos
.@SenFranken  You are such a #FakeNews, Lie-bral elitist.
Thank you!
Get on with it! The only actor who made it in WASHINGTON was Reagan! Not you!
Fox news has not had any breaking news on any grizzly at any school attacking children.
She didn't appear to know much of anything. Just another filthy rich ideologue who wants to gut public education. @lindaplewis
I'm absolutely astounded that you could ever have been elected to the U.S. Senate. Your constituents have collective IQ of <10
Thank you for bringing light onto this dismal situation. Clearly you have s much greater understanding of education than DeVos!
Her IQ,surly was not counted in the tally. Couldn't of been!

@amercandesigrl Senator, I'm so scared since I saw this clip on FB. Is it true?
@KbartonKrista @LindaMorrissey6
She had no idea how to answer such a simple question. Please continue to push for the sake of our children. #DeVosHearing
Thank you for standing up on behalf of our nation's children.
No difference between her & A Duncan who built magnet schools in Chicago & had NO edu background. We need Educators!
While not my fave,  I think Duncan was more qualified for SOE than Devos. No idea re:IDEA? Fed funds w/o accountability? #nothanks
Agreed, that he was more qualified. But still no education background. Unfortunately it's not going to change. It's about $$$
Koch bothers - major money. How do we fight? #evilkochbrothers #assholebillionaires #assholetrump #NotoDeVos
Edu-colleague advocacy discussion aside, she couldn't even define common words. I'm no teacher, but I was shocked. @SenFranken
this woman's opinion on #IDEA is frightening and could violate #CivilRights and #DisabilityRights
really???  Because it shocked the hell outta me! #NotQualified
keep asking the hard questions. You and your fellow Dems are our first line of defense.
.@SenFranken thank you so much! stand yr ground, convince others, as a retired teacher of 32 years, i am begging you....thank you!
Thank you for pointing out this huge flaw. I'm a Public HS teacher and I was floored hearing her responses. She has no clue
Thank you for representing the concerns of most Americans! As a retired teacher, I am worried about our country & democracy
sir, it astounded every educator listening! #DumpDevos
Us, too. We are watching, Senator Franken. Keep asking the tough questions. We'll remind the country in 2018.
@BadassTeachersA   Thank you Sen Franken for your support of #StrongPublicSchools #DumpDevos
DeVos will oversee programs that will make our children as poorly educated as she is. A poorly educated populace votes Repub
well, I support accountability
@BadassTeachersA Can you stop her?

#Devoshearing #Dumpdevos  she's a trainwreck! Our students deserve better
#franken guess she spent too much time growing up watching franken and davis
I am in 100% agreement with you. I was shocked and appalled that this person is even being considered.
we love you Senator Franken. Thank you so much.
My question is. Will Dems actually be able to prevent any of these appointments?
the problem is not enough in Congress see the problem with the Cabinet choices.
NAEP proficiency not what Sen Franken suggested.
She's not good enough, She's not smart enough, and Doggone It, people don't like Devos.  Thanks for standing with us
Thank you for helping educators and students.
BDV had a certain understated  elegance in the sheer boneheadedness if her answers #DeVosHearing
Thank you @SenFranken for taking this very unqualified person to task!
please keep pushing growth and standard Proficiency. Ask Ms Devise her thoughts around Personalized Learning..
consider that she doesn't really want the job. Pawn in political favors game. Vote NO.
deplorable
Me too....thanks for asking tough questions.
@FoxNews @realDonaldTrump What makes you Franken Qualified? You are not!
She is unqualified and a danger to our children!  #DevosHearing
#DeVostating
Me too.
.@SenFranken Shocks &frightens teachers! Especially concerned about impact 2 already burdened inner city schools. Please help TY 4 all u do
@anamcmoran She better get blocked!
Thank you for caring.
I am so proud U R on the side of right. The whole world just turned upside down this year. U help me have hope.
It was obvious. U looked kind of horrified.
& U have a pretty polite game face. She was pitiful. #PearShapedNom
They want an uninformed electorate so they can retain power. Educated people look for nuance, not just an R by a name.
thanks for getting her ineptitude on the record.
well, what is it?, you should know as well.
you were awesome!! Thank you!
do you expect less from the person who nominated her?
Thought Trump was going to get VERY BEST PEOPLE?  IMO, only Gen Mattis is qualified & acceptable so far.
well idiots will do that.
#NoDevos thank you!
As a teacher, I was appalled...and frightened
she said:
@Wordie Hard to watch, harder to believe.
and then there's this. A cavalcade of morons. https://www.nytimes.com/2017/01/18/us/politics/rick-perry-energy-secretary-donald-trump.html …
yup
I listened to the q questioning. She knew what you meant. You didn't know what you meant.
I'm glad you brought her up to speed and explained it to her. Please keep fighting for us. Thank you.
I saw that and her response, or lack there of, was quite shocking and quite honestly disgraceful.
I certainly hope she won't get the job, Senator.  I fear for our grizzlies.
SALUTE!  Thank you for exposing her inadequacy to fill the position said a public school teacher
you really held her feet to the fire! Good on ya. It WAS shocking and she better not be confirmed @OccupieFood
Your simple questions, about things that ALL teachers know, exposed frightening ignorance of DeVos. Please don't appoint her!
Why r the GOP letting all these unqualifieds in? Can't they just vote NO?
@RUSKlN but the grizzly bears tho. Who will save us from the grizzly bears
DeVos' responses to guns in schools, IDEA, sexual assault in colleges, testing, and public school funding shook most educators to the core 
Thank you for asking the questions. Keep asking the questions!
for education sake of young people everywhere.... PLEASE DO NOT CONFIRM...Get your Repub colleagues to side with the children!!

I rarely agree with you but I watched your questioning and I agree. Too much at stake here with our nation's youth.
like her boss
.@SenFranken @teka21bat No go! Says she is a christian and won't defend the the rights for the most vulnerable children with special needs!
Leeve Britney, I meen Betsy, aloan. Shes intelijent. I shood no, shes my ant. We wur edumukated in the saim skools.
she is just a tool for the GOP, they could care less what her qualifications are
its an entire team of numnuts.
"You think you would be here had your family not donated $200 mil to repub party?" DeVos: "Yes cuz I was a homeroom mother!"
@patrick_darleen Thank Senator Franken for staying vocal in your resolve
no.it's the way U asked it: "Proficiency OR growth".If our ed system were well run & w/students in mind,it would include BOTH
her involvement with extreme religious right organizations greatly troubles me. Public schools need to remain secular
she's never been asked a tough question in her life or even a moderately difficult one. Thank you for taking her to task.
I am a teacher.  She is terrifying to people in our industry. Please keep her out.
It astounded everyone.
#DevosHearings
Thank U, Mr. Franken. UR primer on student growth v. proficiency was spot on.  Keep fighting for our teachers and children.
I hope that means a no vote for an incompetent nominee. Is it true she was guilty of not paying her state school taxes? Hmmm
the year is 2017. Our reality show president is at war with a sketch comedy program. Our only hope? An alum of that program.
Thanks so much for asking solid questions. Was she not prepared or ignorant? Her performance tell you all you need to know!
@Parker9_ I wouldn't hire this person to run my kid's juice stand. Her & Trump-2 people, less than 1 mind #dipshitX2
never @BetsyDeVos our kids deserve better! #unqualified #overpriviledged #nogrizzlesinourschools
guess she's won't be very proficient in her position as Education Secretary....
thank you for asking those most basic questions so she could illustrate just how little she knows!!!
Brilliant
Don't blame her, she lacks a good public education
each reponse to "doing same as for Obama's candidates" should have been "but ea also had to walk in w/Ethics ltr in hand!"
Thank you - from one of many teachers incredulous at the thought of this appointment.
YOU would be amazing in this post!
thank you for standing up for public education.
@Rudy_from_Rudy "That's just stinkin' thinkin!"-Devos....wait that was Stuart Smalley
Because it was literally astounding!! Thank you for not backing down.
Her lack of knowledge and belief in "Voodoo Education" astounded us all....
it's frightening that she would accept that appointment with so little knowledge of our educational system
outrageous how UNinformed she is. Shockingly stupid.
this teacher thanks you!!!
probably because your brain is 90% bone
I'm stunned you're on an education committee.
Thank you for your questions during the DeVos hearing.
thank you for your dedication. she will be a disaster for schools!
thank you for your insightful questions. DeVos is utterly unqualified.
@Smallw9Victoria This is the same guy who use to make me laugh? Excellent. Now another Confirmation Hearing Octagon Beast. 
Your basic lack of knowledge of the Constitution astounds me.
How you and your Anti American liberal colleague idiots continue to get reelected astounds me.
you're lack of humor as a comedian astounds me.
@lecody you cut her off every time she spoke!
@vickscan Wait for the next 4 years
@HumanitarianGal deny all unfit confirmations.
since many private schools opt out of testing, why would she understand?  She doesn't want public schools to exist
@Womenspeakup And yet we know none of this will make a bit of difference. All DT's awful people will be confirmed.
.@SenFranken please reject her nomination along w/ Session, Tillerson, Pruitt, Price, Carson - oh wait, All of them. #TrumpCabinet
A question any PARENT should be able to answer.
@Smallw9Victoria DeVos is more concerned about arming students against grizzlies attacks then learning to read.
because serfs don't need to read
My guess is a comedian like yourself embarrasses himself quite frequently. head full of mouth sown to body of midget, rag brain #alfrankenst
Absolutely mind numbing ignorance of the education system. Must NOT be confirmed, no matter how big a check she wrote for GOP
you're my new spirit senator! Thank you for all you do! #Marylandresident
it was enough to gag a maggot
@BigBatSchwartz I saw it! All of answers and majority of Trumps pick amazed me! Great Job Sen. Franken
So, to paraphrase, she suggests that proficiency should be correlated to growth, & that suggests to you that she misunderstands?
@johnrbrown1968 And us Al.
"How To Spot A Fraud 101" When they can't answer simple questions...
I haven't watched in entirety yet...#teacherlife. What I've seen so far has inspired more questions.
https://instagram.com/p/BPD2NTmAtJr/ 
you are the epitome of educated unlike DeVos. Keep asking questions and advocating for public schools because I know she won't.
I'm astounded that you're astounded.
@SenFeinstein please encourage your colleagues to vote no! #DumpDeVos
You're doing a fantastic job!
What's a "student"? How does a "student" "grow"? What does "proficiency" mean?

@SenFranken @ActDontReact
it's ridiculous! Anyone w/ any experience or understanding of education  could have answer that question. No business being SoE
Sir. I love you. The human being respect kind. Keep up the Great work.
That's just terrible, WHERE did she get her Bachelors in Education oh wait, she didn't.
WHY are you asking her HARD questions when SHE DOESN'T HAVE AN EDUCATION DEGREE?!?!?  Poor girl.
You are the Senator of common sense. DeVos has her agenda, not a + from what I've observed. Q about proficiency, kudos. Gr8 work
We need for schools to get back to teaching trades not everyone is college material So many grads are out of work mmmmm
Your lack of basic knowledge pretty much hit my expectation.
She is a fraud -- just like the man who nominated her.
You and @BernieSanders are doing a hell of a job. Many thanks to you both.
Your Q's were outstanding and her Answers were pitiful! #VoteNoDevos
@SenateDems and @HouseDemocrats Trump Is An Illegitimate President! #TheResistance
I miss the "me, Al Franken, generation." When you were funny and meaningful. Now a debased, crocodile weeper.
Yeah al your lack of basic knowledge is a wonder also
She MUST NOT be confirmed!
#POTUS2020 I will support you.
You've come a long way since your mobile uplink position with Miller. Keep up the great work, patriot.
Thank you, Senator Frankin for asking the tough questions and making sure they are answered. We need more like you in Congress.
. It's called getting the unions out of the schools!
It took my breath away.  Even every parent has that understanding, how did she miss it herself?!
Wasn't the best, but she did sound a lot like a Democrat!! Not very smart at all . Since people on #SNL are smart
You tried to embarrass her because of your axe to grind over LGBT issues.
astounded us too. She has nothing to offer public education, or education in general.
your questioning is everywhere today. Thank you from Maryland
Her lying about"Restorative Therapy, AKA "Pray the gay away" bothers me!
I did note that she has valuable expertise in handling bands of marauding grizzlies.  So...  that's a plus.
Her lack of knowledge is terrifying everyone in the teaching profession. She does not have a clue.
It astounded me as well. You are so right about needing more time for questioning. America's students deserve it.
Public schools are f--ked until charter parents realize George Wallace is smiling down on them.
Would love to have you on @KeepItRawShow podcast!:Iur lack of knowledge will astound you! Could be an eye opening experience
As a public school teacher, I thank you for asking Ms. Devos the important questions and holding her accountable.
@MWatson2017 I'd like to write my senators and ask them to vote no, but I'm unsure of the best way to word it.
Thank you for being tough. She doesn't know what she's doing. I hope you will not let her be the SOE.
The lack of professionalism and maturity in your questioning is why ppl don't see u beyond SNL. U haven't earned their respect.
#noDevos Thank you for showing her lack of skills and experience to move forward in this position. She must not be approved. @WeCanDoBetter
it was a beautiful moment
Perhaps she should have raised her hand if she didn't understand the question?
Oh the irony of how unprepared she was for her test.
Keep asking those questions. We need you!
Its like scheduling a foot surgery to be done by the owner of your nail salon.
no to DeVos.  Attacks on public schools is alarming.  Stand up for us! If you don't, who will?
I admire your line of questions in all the hearings, especially on education! Thank you
Thank you for doing such important work. Thank you for fighting for public school students,  teachers, and administrators.
you never let her finish an answer, you fool.  I would trust Mrs.DeVos with my children's future well before I'd trust you.
What's astounding is that clowns like you can get elected to the Senate.
astounded the nation as well, it's as if she's never been teacher, administrator, attended public school...oh wait.
I loved how stunned she looked when asked very important questions. Not a good impression
