Minnesotan @ASlavitt, and former head of @CMSGov, has described Republican health care bill with words like "sabotage, secrecy, and speed.”
We’ve had exactly 0 (that’s zero) hearings, 0 (zero again) days of public floor debate, & we have yet to see/hear abt revised draft of AHCA.
Americans deserve the chance to weigh in on a bill that would affect their lives, their loved ones, and 1/6 of our national economy.
Minnesotans are upset about what GOP health care bill would mean for them and their families. Watch to hear what I heard from a constituent:
I will do everything I can to fight GOP effort to repeal the #ACA, strip away consumer protections, & gut Medicaid. I need you alongside me.
What's next senator Franken.. Do we just now pile up in the county hospitals now waiting to die?
It wouldn't end protections for people with pre-existing conditions.  It would for people who r uninsured & seek insurance after a diagnosis
It does not END  for preconditions, Nor is it going to cost more. Does the fact that you won't pay a penalty for not using, Matter at all?
I don't believe you know what you are talking about....
Lol @SenFranken senfyou lie cheat and scare people I stead of representing American ppl 
Vote your #criminal party home/prison/ institution
Since you obviously don't speak English, I'm wondering how you speak for "the American People"...
The Russian people?
You're in denial of what the Republicans agenda is!
Carla - what do you mean?
In regard to what? I tweet a lot. I'm very interested in knowing so I can answer.
Your tweet right above - that says I'm in denial of the Trump agenda. Please tell me what I'm in denial of?
Okay, I had to look through the tweet threads & that "denial" thing was directed at one of the other individuals. Not you & I'm sorry.
I thought you didn't know what's in healthcare. Oh your talking about Obama care.
I feel very lucky to live in Europe. The changes to healthcare must be a terrifying prospect for the sick.
@SenFranken the prices charged are 6-10X what would b charged in Canada for same procedures. Meds are 1-50X the cost here. Epipen 68$ here.
Breath taking sums.  Got Glaucoma Xmas, insurance covered 7x laser surgery. Medication 2 euros month on top of insurance.
I dread to think what it would cost in the States. People should not have that dread: a first world country where everything is to hand.
It won't end pre existing conditions. Go ahead, do nothing. Your Obama care is hemoraging Providers. Then no coverage.
@rie_rie76 I'm 1of those older folks, if I lose my insurance #Idie thanks all of u who believe #POTUS hasOur best interest at his blackHeart
@rie_rie76 Thanks for RT
Also between 18 and 30 Thousand ! People are expected to die each year if Trumps Awful Care is put in place (CBO projection) how can they!
Mr. Franken, we need to change our message. Perhaps we should start cheerleading for toxic waste, unequal pay, sick babies, YAY!! Win!
Please! STOP talking about this DISASTROUS bill.
Just STOP the DICTADURE = THE REPUBLICAN PARTY.
STOP the GOP RUSSIA-TRUMP ADMINISTRATION.
It would essentially hurt me. Please don't let it pass. Its terrifying to think what it would be like.
Going to kill rural health in America!
It is so sad I am in Florida and I see the elderly who are living on SSI only and they rely on their health care and the GOP couldn't care!
And this is what they want. Everyone has a preexisting condition. So all of u that r for this, just wait until your family is hit
Senile Leahy should retire he knows that's a bullshit or maybe he doesn't either way he should retire. Jim Jeffords all over again
no one even mentions maintenance medication like insulin
Moot point if I can't even afford the 800/month coverage NOW
'that's like just your opinion maaaan'_mitch mcconnell
No one knows what the bill contains, the GOPukers have made it in secret.   The crooks r up to something sinister.
And yet, the GOP is able to convince millions of Americans to keep digging their own graves at the ballot box
That's the point.
Trust Al Franken at your own risk. He never read the Bill he voted for.
Thank you for fighting this. I can't believe the system allows this to happen. #transparency #ACA
Withhold consent and filibuster with amendments to slow this way down.
Thank you Senator Franken for getting some kind of info on conservative idea of aca.
Text "RESIST" to 50409 to tell your MoC:

I rely on the ACA, and I want you to vote against repealing my health care
Free market health care incentivizes insurance companies to deny coverage to those who have already paid their premium.
#TRUMPCARE - make 45 own it
Those reasons alone are enough to prove bill is not for the people. 
No protection for older folks who need it the most. Pre-existing Either
No cover for pre existing condition is inhuman callousness at its worst, kids born with problems r condemned to misery or death. Disgusting.

#RUSSIAFLFUNDS #MOBTIES #BAYROCK #FELEXSTATER #TRUMPIMPEACHMENT: Obstruction, Dereliction of duty, Money Laundering. Trump will go to jail. 
I love your ferocity & your valiant efforts to have the truth & fight for right! Never give up!
Sickening. How Dan the republicans be so vicious?
GN
Hey Al, you/democratic party have already detroyed healthcare as America once knew it! You also drove costs of insurance over 100%!
I love you @alfranken
Already received a letter from our health insurance carrier regarding a 39.7% increase and possible withdrawal from independent HMO market.
Oh my god
labler cost would be what
please consider a Presidential run in 2020. We need you
for most Americans, this is the real "death tax"...but it's a tax paid directly to the medical and insurance industries.
Resist folks!  Never give up, we are all Americans!
How do you know?  Have you read/studied the bill.  ACA is imploding. People cannot afford it. Need moderates from #Dems N #REPUB TO WORK TOG
Neither Healthy nor Caring...
And crowded ER rooms again
#ProtectOurCare
Yes my insurance company raised my rates again even though I am a senior I might have to drop my supplemental insurance because of cost!
It would screw Americans and prove that Trump is a lair so that could be good
Please add amendments when Trump Care gets to the senate floor!
Well that sucks for people like me with MS.
Trump promised it wouldn't. So that's that. 

Right..?
Does the Republicans care that people will literally die ? Don't they care about their neighbors? Friends? Sister brothers?
Wow how can the Republicans do this to our people and hide it?
Sounds a little like Hitler's plan for the elderly and sick in his Final Solution
Keep pulling out all the stops, @SenFranken We stand with you!
I almost wish they'd win, so these GOP supporters would feel it where it counts, but, in the Real World, lives are at stake so cannot be...
Obviously - the only consistent practice by GOP seems to be preying on those individuals who they see as defenseless & thus easy-targets
I thought you said you all hadn't read it.
Sorry, folks, if you want good news you have to subscribe to our premium oligarchical service!
Please STOP calling it a healthcare bill. It is a bill to cut taxes for the wealthy at the expense and lives of struggling Americans.
Keep figjting Senator we are behind you!!
"You know - because they need it." You are awesome! So proud to have you represent me!
I know! I loved it! I wish he was Michigan's! 
Wait I thought you didn't know what was in the bill?  So are you just making this up?
After achieve'n MMI on a worker's comp injury, future symptoms of that injury become a "pre existing condition" in health insurance jargon.
AL FRANKEN FOR PRESIDENT 2020!!!
Al is right. But the truth is the GOP couldn't care less. They only care about doing whatever will enrich their megadonors. They are pitiful
Good job mr,Al Franken,,,,,,job well done
I agree with your assessment but what is your idea for fixing the mess we currently have.  Our neighbors in IA will have little to no choice
No one should ever be penalized for getting sick, for being a woman, for being born with a rare condition. This could happen under Trumpcare
GOP are evil bastards.  They must be stopped and we're counting on you!!!
Not true!
I dont know many folks without a preexisting condition who are under 25//young and healthy as long as they get care!!
@POTUS @WhiteHouse , please learn from better educated and thoughtful individuals.  #failedTrump
Thank you Sen Franken. Twist some Republican arms! Appreciate your hard work & dedication. Thanks for fighting for all 
Thank you @SenFranken for working so hard to stop "Trumpcare"!
Yesterday you knew nothing. Today you know everything. You are a phony.
@susaneisenberg1 GOP doesn't care about general population. Only about wealthy elite and repaying election favors from big money
#Resistance #ShowUsTheBill #HoldTheFloor
Yes. That would be me. Premiums will skyrocket from 3K to 15 - 20K ANNUALLY!
Will need to get a part-time job to afford healthcare.
Thank you @SenFranken
But provide BETTER care for Congress! Every pliticial who votes for worse care than he gets himself should go DOWN next electin.
pure lies! Sad little man!
I'm terrified of them ending pre existing conditions.  I'm upper middle class and my medical will ruin me financially.  Got rear ended.
So sorry. God bless you. Keep telling your story! 
Very strong statement. Sadly, you're right.
Guess they think the old and sick can't protest.
Stop trying to scare people. Your statement is not true and does nothing but to incite fear. Another false narrative from Franken...
Isn't that the goal?
The American oligarchy ruling class wants a tax cut on the backs of the working class & poor who make up 99%! They are weeding out the sick!
Obamacare already did that come up with something new 30 million people have already lost their healthcare under Obamacare
The point is: to bankrupt and kill older americans so @GOP can steal their assets
Yep  and #America is PISSED - Lets focus on #Healthcare! Let's @Twitter #Bomb @WhiteHouse or @POTUS or @SpeakerRyan or @SenateMajLdr
Way to go Republicans!!!
Thank you, Senator!
They want to talk taxes! Tax the top billionaire a 10% each year roll that down into the Health Care system.
Y cost to Fed the only calc?  Will cost US econ far >$119B in default, bankruptcy, lost prod, death  for $500/yr * 23M patients * 10 yrs!
If even 50% of those 23M are elderly, poor and cannot pay.  Burden placed on indiv's/families will drag economy.  Billionaires will horde $.
I wish Kentucky had a senator (or 2) like Al Franken.
RUN!
How do you know it's a lie? Have you seen the bill?

This is indecent.In NV, @WashoeDEMS and&more will be working hard to vote out @SenDeanHeller & other NV MOC who support this charade of gov.
maybe @RepJackyRosen @repdinatitus or others will be challenging @SenDeanHeller @MarkAmodeiNV2 for senate seat. MOC work for #WeThePeople
Here's my story I'm sharing Senator to bring awareness that where AHCA goes employer provided insurance will follow. It affects us all!
Also I just wanted to be clear that I'm not a constituent of yours just a voter who appreciates you fighting for us.
#ShowUsTheBill
I hear it would also have a possible effect on people w/ healthcare through their employers. Is this true from what we can gather?
As I understand, it allows states to set annual and lifetime limits on coverage, including in employer provided plans.
You're correct. Can also limit what to cover, charge women more, etc
Dasvidania American principles of having voice in our laws & welcome to all those countries & regimes we've told ourselves we R nothing like
DEFINITELY NOT HEALTHCARE PLAN.
NOTHING BUT A TAX BILL TO LOWER
TAXES FOR THE WEALTHY.
#PLUTOCRACY
I'm with you @SenFranken
For people who want to say GOP said pre existing conditions are covered, what good is it when you can't afford the cost? So..not covered!
"Our Healthcare bill will cover all the issues you can afford!"
AMA is against it AARP is against it.  Doctors & patients are against it.  Save the ACA
Please stop these insane people in their self serving, "McTurtle win at all costs", and repercussions be damned because repugs got theirs!

Melania doesn't deserve this. Insult her for her ideas, not for her appearance.  Good optimism though.
Franken 2020...
She could never have gone to college to get her degree if we didn't have healthcare. 
And now she will help other Minnesotans 
How would you know? This bill is the best guarded secret in DC. :-p
These are actually benefits of #ACHA according to  @SenateGOP . This tweet makes it sound as if it were a bad thing
The most ANTI-Health, Anti-American bill ever drafted. If even DT said it's mean, why the hell is this going fwd? Come on DT, VETO it.
Right? He says it's so mean but will probably sign on the dotted line anyways.
Trump called it "mean?" A narcissist I know would make ppl agonize, then at the last minute NOT sign to make himself out to be a hero.
Narcissist I knew, re vindictive action taken: "... that's how mean *I* am!"
Me: "Sounds like you're PROUD of being mean."
Narc'st: "I AM!"
So explain to the millennials why they should pay for services they don't need, pay for elderly and pay for pre-existing conditions..
Do you have car insurance? Renters insurance? All insurance works that way. One day you may need it, meantime you help others who do.
Thank you for saying what I was thinking.
Keep fighiting Al

Haven't heard that. I know that's not helpful, forgive me, I wanted to reply in case anyone replies w/info and I'll be notified.
Do you know carriers are backing out?  They are leaving?
Who doesn't have a pre-existing condition? Very few of us. So glad to live in Canada where I have universal health care.
Minnesotans are looking to our beloved neighbors of the North very wistfully.
I really do feel bad for you. I have many friends in the US & I just don't know what they're going to do. Thoughts are with you xo
