I’m leading a group of @SenateDems in a milestone effort to bring down the skyrocketing price of prescription drugs. https://www.facebook.com/senatoralfranken/posts/1312176988868180 … 
oh right, republicans should help the democrats like the democrats helped republicans #resist
And how old are u 5? We should stop screwing with party affiliation and go to work for all Americans
resist was sarcasm towards the dems that are saying resist. Tell it to the dems. They need too grow up
I would say to Senator Sanders that he have the Guts to pass a health care bill and tell his colleagues to stop blocking Gorsuch.
Senator...why have you not condemned Russia once since election....Stein was comprimised by Putin; were you?
when can we investigate HRC for making money selling Uranium to the Russians
But the @US_FDA told us all not to use drugs so I'm only down to use a plant that has been around for 12,000 years & thats #cannabis
drug prices are a huge issue. If u really wanted gop support, u would give some to gop bills. Ur not serious about passing. SAD!
The GOP defeated a bill earlier this term to allow us to buy meds from Canada much cheaper. Look it up.
probly true, but is that the answer? lowering prices here a real solution
it's true. It's a solution, which is more than we have now.
I'm not a doc, but one danger is unfettered access to drugs we can't regulate or inspect; no guarantee they're real
How about unfettered access to insulin us type 1s need to live??  The price of insulin is an abomination!
does unfettered access mean free? cuz I need food to live but I still pay for that
I said nothing about free. I've been paying my way a long time. What I want is a fair deal and the GOP is not allowing that.Big Pharma rules
Please be quiet. You're not on our side.
I really don't see this going anywhere but under a pile of Republican rhetoric and alternative facts. The Pharma super PACs r 2 powerful
I wouldn't hold my breath, but we will always be behind you in maintaining pressure for positive change!
I wouldn't either; dems have done nothing to build bipartisanship... Which is sad cuz drug prices are a huge issue
That's BS. The Dems spent 8 years trying to build bipartisanship. And got treated as weak for thier trouble.
#alcoholawareness Alcohol class1 Carcinogen Cancers over 60 diseases/200 conditions top drug and health/safety threat in USA-Leadership??
Remember when trump paid more % of taxes then you....that was funny
That's right burnster. Obamacare didn't fix that.
I'd like to see you and the rest of the obstructionist Dimms have the guts to support @POTUS and the US people  to accomplish his agenda
Because you know your Democrat colleagues won't.
with exponential rise in the cost of our medicine we as physicians are constantly choosing the second or third best drug to use
Bernie! It's govt regulation that you're so in favor of that's caused the high prices...jeez
I'm leading...?  Funny bozo. Bernie couldn't lead a riot if his life depended on it....
noble of you but where have you been for the last century. A little late don't you think. But it may get you air time (hot air)
@SenFranken @SenateDems  yes my "friend" Mr President to you...
I too hope the Republicans can see this . Health care in all realms is important
How are honourable sir
If you support it..I won't even read it. Lost all my trust in Dems and I grew up a Dem..
I would say to you Senator Sanders, have the Guts to tell your colleagues to vote for a health care bill and stop blocking  Gorsuch .
Start with reforming pain and suffering law suit settlements. Lg part of drug cost is malpractice and legal fees. Reform is needed
I wonder if you'll have the guts to introduce a bill to impose sanctions on russia
.@JohnCornyn @tedcruz I don't suppose you two could at least manage this much?
Maybe if you want support, you should show some respect. That's PRESIDENT Trump.
He won't. Mr. Trump is a bully AKA coward.
@alfranken Try these beauties 
Trump met with them and will have a competing market that will drive costs down. Thank God! Oh yeah, I panicked. We can say that
You all created this mess. Hope you get voted out!  terrible & disgraceful!!!
@rosariodawson Strike hard you are winning Bernie.
Citizens shouldn't have to choose between Prescript. enabling them to live-or buy groceries-necessary for Life!Lower RX prices
@SenSanders  stop lying Bernie every one please boycott this bill just because the DNC wants it to pass #STOPLYING
Probably a bad idea since you and @alfranken are both nuts
#therealevilempire
Can we stop acting like Republicans care about people
Yeah, don't hold your breath cuz they won't support it.
Im not going back to the democratic party until every russian spy who endorsed you is gone.
I hope so too. But again the Republican party don't to see this country better. Thank God for pple like u uncle @BernieSanders
I hope for all that is right with this country that they do too.
how about just saying they can't charge Americans any more than other countries?????????????
Sorry don't see it happening. Nice thought though
Unfortunately my Sen(manchin) has a special relationship with big pharma. No support from him, I'm sure :(
good for 28 days...crazy!!
Truly,my insulin costs $750.per bottle I use about half each month as i only use 10-15 mg daily,but i have to buy 2 bottles as they are only
So easy to bring down drug prices - stop giving them to #Obama #illegals for free. #logic #MAGA #AmericaFirst #TrumpTrain
.@SenSanders .@alfranken  How about investigating #CDCwhistleblower ?
So why didn't you do this 8 years ago?  Please answer if you have the guts....
Thats President Trump by the way...
That is PRESIDENT TRUMP TO YOU.
Expect them to support the pharmaceutical industry, that's what they do.  Don't hold your breath.
@SenFranken cmon we ALL know they don't and won't
They won't - but I appreciate your optimism. Hell - they don't even want women to have access to cancer screenings.
Spoiler alert, they dont
Maybe when you're done running down your Democratic colleagues to Joe Scarborough and taking NRA money you can try to broker a deal?
Maybe you can convince my Senator Booker and a few others that the rights of the people need to outweigh the Big $ he gets from Big Pharma.
let's hope Cory booker doesn't sell out again
price controls. yeah those work. #economicillitarate
why aren't u leading this! Why Frankin? This guy is a clown !
Aw... 

But... But...

Money!
couldn't help overhear at the pharmacy the cost of a rx for lady in wheelchair.  $1400.00 for 42 pills, 2 week supply. Insane!
@Bernie_Facts Don't 4get! Franken another lying fake progressive who backed @DNC fraud against Bernie & laughed off protesters!
Hey Bernie wish in one hand and -----------
so now you want Republican support??  you are such a hypocrite.. tho I do believe medical and drug prices are out of control..
@TheresaSchroe14 Well if it isn't our long lost progressive friend Al Franken-where have you been? O, right, supporting HRC
Pharmaceutical companies are part of our Healthcare Insurance companies Problems. The cost of Medicine is crazy & ridiculous!
@duhxnelle you're asking a hell of a lot for a narcissistic ass. 
This is something Obama promised in 2008 and did nothing. No doubt you will get Trumps support.
where is your respect for the office of the Pres of the US? Like it or not, it's President Trump and I support him!
@JudyJones1990 can we ALSO take on the over zealous rates insurance are charging to pay their CEOs $$$$$$?
@realDonaldTrump @SenBobCorker @SenAlexander Do the right thing and stop the power of pharmaceutical industry from price gouging
Thanks, Bernie. Keep up your great work! @tedcruz  @JohnCornyn  @realDonaldTrump @HouseFloor @HouseGOP
Go Franken (-:
Bernie loves to talk "Guts" to do this or that. He did not even have the "guts" to go after Hillary. Bernie, grow a pair.
This would be so great for all Americans! Trump would get a win finally if he supported this.
it's mr President to you mr. Sanders, don't be disrespectful
lol. The guts. How about you have the guts to allow the free market to sort out these issues? Rather than dem-fascist bills...
pharmaceutical industry is completely corrupted and pure evil .Might be just as bad as the bankers!! They are the worst
please tuck term limits into the bill too Bernie !!
It's what we need!
too bad Franken failed hard by not endorsing you...
taking an affordable pill might help their guts find the will.
@docbro13
@POTUS Need to fix Obamacare. GOP needs to work with Dems and get this done. GOP does not believe in compromise.
i hope it all passes without a pile of pork attached.
As a children's mental health therapist, I totally support taking on the pharma companies!
Also, why allow them to charge US much more than other countries. Deny patent protection  unless level pricing
Al Franken is a joke
as long as there is $ in it 4 them I believe they will. Make the rich richer
we need the same in the UK, its time to take on these corporate swindlers head on. Bernie for UK PM....lol
no support for any liberal bills
you, sir, but I am not holding my breath.
just do good for DNC/rnc=told
#JustSayNo to dangerous pharma #drugs. See a naturopathic doctor. Feel better, save money, live longer.
WE ALL[ALL] PEOPLE DON'T LIKE THE HIGH PRICES.RESERCH COSTS MONEY BERNIE.?????
stop selling my internet privacy
Why would they when they can pay for their own meds easily and have lobbying links to the industry? Selfish through and through.
Why would Republicans give up one of their cash cows?
Lol, you do know that some of your Democratic colleagues have VERY close ties 2 big pharmGuess this another instance posturing
@POTUS @potus here work with Democrats and give the credit to the people who deserve it.
I'm allowing! No I'll change that people's!
gosh no, they are thier money making friends!!
oh Bernie, you're talking too much common sense. And as we know this White House has none.
Translated: help us pass a bill that will increase drug costs. How about slashing the FDA regulations and see how that works.
so why is it taking you this long to realize that pharmaceutical are taking advantage? Kind of late to the party ya think!
That'll be President Trump to you you pesant.
@boxcar909 - lol all you political punks have shares in pharma companies so that will never happen! Democracy=influence/heresay
@SenFranken @SenateDems @realDonaldTrump President Trump was the first to address this issue!!
i love u Bernie! lol #resistant #resistant0
Trump used you as a pawn to take down Hillary during the election, he has no use for you now
great job Senator
Just show #Congress these outrageous prices 4 My #RX;#Procardia-$444.99;#Serevent$503.99;#Flovent$494.99
#StillBernie
@SenFranken  When my Union covered cost of my MEDS a vial of Insulin cost me $5  Under #MedicarePTD the cost is $50
love you Bernie
@SenFranken and Democrat colleagues have the guts... not like the last vote.   SAD
talk to Coons, democrat from Delaware sponsoring commercials depicting Canada medication as fake
@SSueh2222 Thank u both, Senators. I have Medicare advantage plan, and my meds r outrageous! Prices were better under ACA. (1)
where were you 6 years ago Bernie??
as my mother used to say, wish in one hand and shit in the other and see which one fills up faster.
you don't have respect for Americans if you do you would have shown some respect for American president your where rigged out.
I pray this passes. With insurance, my birthcontrol is EXPENSIVE, and I need it to have a period, to be healthy.
the answer will be no.  President chump is a president for the pharmaceutical companies he doesn't give a crap.
If not, no worries, The People support your bill overwhelmingly #ACA #BigPharma #Medicare4All #StillSanders
Thank you  @SenSanders @Louanne80618750
NEVER!! Say's the 1% holding the stocks in BIG Phama, and Trump to boot. As Donald might say..
Fake and crooked pharma !
term limits needed.. D.C. Is too sour with bull crap
this is a fight that needs more air time more attention. RETWEET THIS IF YOU AGREE.
when is the workers' utopia coming? need any extra hands on ur collectivist commune farms in the people's republic of Vermont?
@SenFranken @SenateDems HELLO!!! @POTUS has been talking about this all along! Don't try to take the praise! #hypocrites
thank your Bernie!! We need this!!
@c255666a459a495 we can dream right? I will soon have to stop my meds because the prices just keep going up.
does it BENEFIT big business and corporations in any way? No? Then i doubt it... 45DRUMPF is only interested in his own pockets
@MAHAMOSA @SenFranken @SenateDems Who knew Bernie Sanders was such a drug pusher... suicide side effects must not matter 2 him..
Lift Federal prohibition on cannabis. Let ppl grow their own medicine & be spared the side effects of death from opioids. Grief.
it's president trump. Not mr trump, bernie. How's that half a million dollar lake house working out? Hypocrisy...
@mysticmanx To be honest the republicans are the problem. They are covering up the WH CORRUPTION. They are ruining this country
@HarryLovero it's about time !!!
not possible. Big pharma=big money. They love money.
duh
Did you support the repeal Off Obamacare? No! Will you support  Gorsuch for the Supreme CT? Hell No! Why should anyone support U
#SwampAgenda
@MAHAMOSA TU Bernie!
they are bankrupting this nation and putting American families in jeopardy to include a slide towards an early demise!
THATS WOULD BE FANTASTIC LETS PRAY THEY SEE THE LIGHT OF MANKIND. thanks for bringing it forward SENATOR SANDERS.
how many of your Sen DEM colleagues will support bill against big Pharma?  More than 10-15? Hope so.
@alfranken This is much needed.  I applaud this effort by Sen. Franken.If we can bring in cheaper meds we can crush big pharma.
Just remind me who you are...
oh Bernie. We love your endless optimism.
Thank you for fighting for the citizens. Drug prices can devastate the chronically ill!
@POTUS- this is a bill that ALL elected officials should be behind- whether Dem or GOP- its one that benefit all USA citizens!
you're turning on big pharms after they made all of you rich?
they didn't make Bernie or Franken rich. Get your head out of your ass.
I Support!  (no personal tweets with - B ???
behind you all the way. Ignore the nay sayers! They complain with no solution. Not worth your time!
drug costs are socialist

Wealthy countries pay more
Poor countries pay less

You SHOULD be thrilled so what's the problem?
Why can pharma companies charge more than their market will bear and survive? Other companies can't. Aren't you at all curious?
Abolishing intellectual property will bring prices down.
you haven't noticed President Trump complaining about Pharma cost? Acting rude will get you absolutely nowhere.
some thing needs to be done
hey @POTUS, that's your cue for BIPARTISANSHIP. Make America Healthy Again with medicare for ALL!!!
WAIT ............. WHY DID YOU LET THIS HAPPEN ???
President Trump to you please.
he won't, they won't
Repubs aren't the only obstructionists. Remember Dems like @CoryBooker are bought and paid for by big pharma.
@SenFranken I am a conservative and I agree with this, let's also get a better option than the ACA
I hope they do but since they are getting paid off by big pharma and insurance companies I remain doubtful.
@SenFranken @SenateDems @SenWhitehouse @SenSherrodBrown Life & Death is no place for "just business". Greed & selfishness sucks
