cute
As long as it's just a visit today & Jacob isn't given an unpaid position in your office-he can stay! His plans are just to be a grandson?
Thank you for all you are doing.
That's a good day in a bad place . Well done Sir.
#Mishpacha Please keep fighting for him & all children on climate change, women & minority rights, for all to have a good life.
Absolutely adorable, and a justifiably proud Grandpa.
Love red headed grands! I have one. :)
Beautiful, thank you for sharing
who cares!
Hi Al  GrandChildren-The Future/ bring such nachas I was in the company of my two youngest  Natalie Sarah 9mths and Charlotte Isobel 5mths
adorable
Must be great to have purity in your arms after dealing with all the slime in the 45* White House!! Good luck!!
Awwww what sweet pic!!
He can run for president and do a better job
so cute!!!!!
WE CAN TELL WHO THE "BOSS" IS HERE. ;) 
Awwwwwww too cute! 
Ya'akov!
Alright Jacob.
So sweet!!! 
Franken for POTUS 2020! #Franken2020
congrats agreat break from a tough job,take a break!!
Omg gonna eat that kid up! SO fine!! PS: Thanks for Gorsuch attacks- SO UNQUALIFIED!!
Poor kid.
Handsome boy.
Adorable little boy. For the record you as a grandfather makes me feel old.
.@SenFranken Now we see why you're so passionate about saving the country. 
He is too stinking cute!
You need to raise him to be a democrate
Adorable! 
is he too young to be ashamed of his grandfather
@JanF_Blogs 

that's a great pic, al. love and courage good for our family.
Hey Al, I'm sure the nation would support a Franken and Lewis presidential ticket in 2020! At least we would be laughing instead of crying.
He is adorable. 
Two cuties.
The love on your face when you look at him is wonderful.
If you were like the WH he would already be a senior advisor.
He looks just like you. Adorable!
The smile on your face is priceless...it's the smile of a grandparent and I know it well. Carry on!
Being a Grandparent is the greatest job ever!! He's adorable too!!!!
Awww. I bet you guys share a lot of good laughs.
you are blessed!
You have a beautiful Grandpa smile on your face.
He's a cutie! 
THAT'S CUTE
Being a grandparent rocks, doesn't it?
Who cares??
He's a handsome Lil man 
You look so happy Al 
Jacob has grandpa's eyes adorable kid
Baby Jacob:  Dog gone it, people like me!
adoriable 
Happiest you've looked in a while.  Glad you had a break from the rigors of your work.  Thanks for all you are doing!
Al Franken 2020
Precious Al !  That little boy looks like he is perfect medicine for a day on the hill !
What a great pic!
he's a cutie! Glad you could enjoy something precious today in light of all the terrible things you've had to deal with lately.
Sen. Franken, I love that you're an average family loving guy! So sweet!!
Awwww.
Very cool pic!
Nothing is better than grandkids!!
A real cutie for grandpa
<3
You gotta run for president.  All of our grandkids need a world better than trump will leave them.
What a cutie pie! Jacob is adorable Al. Congratulations.
What a great Picture
What a cutie pie!!! The grandson too 
Hi Jacob Your grandfather is our hero
To our kids/grandkids, without whom, none of this would be necessary.
so adorable!
He's REALLY cute! Grandkids are a ray of sunlight in this world. My granddaughter will be 15 tomorrow -lovely, sweet, and driven! Enjoy him!
Super cute
Senator Franken, I've been a fan since the days. You and I are growing old together. Me and my grandson :)
That's a happy grandpa
ah red hair that is rare.. beautiful baby
He's almost as cute as his Grandpa.
Thanks for sharing, Senator. Great photo!
by the way, no Irish in your family huh lmao say hi to Jacob
Adorable! And a red-head to boot!
omg you both have the best grin
Aww! He's adorable! What a special treat!
you gotta get the glasses lmao
What a handsome guest you had today! It looks like you had more fun though Senator. 
It's his future in your hands! Let's get on this perjury charge for Sessions what about it?
Thanks for everything you do for us Senator; Minnesota appreciates you. Hey Jacob, some insight on dealing w Grandpa - deny everything!!
He is adorable!!!!!
Aren't grandchildren the greatest gift? He is a cutie!!
He is adorable 
Probably more qualified than the current Cheeto-in-Chief and certainly better mannered.
You two look like you are having a blast in the Senate! Thanks for all you do for your constituents and for all DEMS! We need your voice!
Cute. Can he draw the 48 contiguous states yet?
Thank you for your service...And your humanity...
I love Gingers! Cute Aggression!
When will it be the "Jacob Franken Decade"???
He looks like you
@Rosie He's such a cutie!
Congrats he's a cutie patootie.
That is one gorgeous little guy Al! 
Congrats
That's awesome!
What a handsome man! [Now, you have to guess which one I am talking about - or could it be both?]
Looks like his grandfather
Adorable.
Handsome boy, Al.
@Rosie You deserve special visitors!
Thanks for all you do for America!
He's precious.
May your grandson grow to fight for this country just like his hero grandfather.
He's cute as a bug. Keep up the good fight Al
Awww!
I bet Jacob is more mature than some of your co-workers.
Does he call you Senator Grandpa?
He is adorable! 
Al I really enjoyed your days as writer/actor on SNL in 70-80s but I will admit you have become one hell of a decent politician in Senate.
omg Jacob is so cute!
very cute! Stylin' no red head emoji !
Awwwww so cute
Jacob is adorable. Tell me it ain't so-- u a grandpop? U will always b that young actor from Trading Places. Anyhow keep fighting 4 us Dems.
A ginger!
GREAT PIC  Do they have a kids menu in the Senate Dining room?
I assume that there is something you have to offer Congressman if they visit
Gotta love that.
Outstanding.
He's adorable.
That face will brighten your day...very cute!
So Adorable!!! Nothing Better!
God bless....Such a sweetie
SO adorable.
This is worth all the tweets in Twitterville. Beautiful @SenFranken
You know, he's probably going to see this one day: The Franken and Davis Show from Saturday Night Live —  http://www.nbc.com/saturday-night-live/video/the-franken-and-davis-show/3008133 …
@Rosie Ginger baby!!! 
So very cute Senator. Please keep fighting Stumpie or we will all end up with a bad future.#nosuchthingascleancoaldope
Hey Jacob what a cutie!
AL FRANKEN TRAITOR WORKS FOR SAUDIS
Al he is cute little man congrats did you give him everything he wanted like a good grandpa
Adorable!
The most important person in the world!
Fantastic, Enjoy the special day
And a redhead! He'll be just like his granddad!
I knew that was a Grampa smile!!
He is just adorable!

He is too cute! (member of the Al Franken generation says hi to Franken generation 2.0)
He is soooo cute.
Cutie-patootie!
Adorable!
He's so cute!!
The American people love you
So cute!!
Awwww
@Rosie cutie pie! Thx for sharing.
@Rosie adorbs 
A beautiful little boy!!  And thanks for fighting for the 'little people!!'
A future corrupt politician just like grandpa!  How nice!
What a happy baby boy..
You give me hope!!!!
Treasured Memories from 
The Improve Days..Stay Strong
what a cutie pie!!
Gotta love your gingers.
So cute!!
@Rosie ginger? So much awesome sauce there.
Grandkids are great!
He looks like his grandpa! except for hair color! What a cutey!
He looks like you!  He has your eyebrows.  :)
Lucky kid!
What a cutie!
ADORABLE! Both of you!
Precious! Gingers rock!
He's a cutie! Of course, I am partial to redheads. Adorable little boy, enjoy!
What a cutie.
@mrbabypants Oh, that baby's a keeper!
THAT IS THE CUTEST BABY EVAHHHHHHH!!! #GingerBaby (i am slightly partial to red-headed babies- the world needs more of us! ;) ))
Swooning! They do not come any cuter. And your grandson is also quite attractive.
Two handsome gnomes!
That's awesome.  Keep in mind that its apparently cool if you want Jacob to be part of your staff as an unpaid federal employee ...
Hey Jacob, tell your Gramps we want him to run!

Russian spy??
Your grandkids are seriously cute.
lil' ginger Franken
Future president, please! ♡♡♡
Much better looking LOL
What a handsome, inquisitive-looking little guy he is!
So happy for you! Thanks for all you do. I bet you are a great grandfather. Hugs and love to your family.
Jesus you two look alike 
Grandchildren always brighten up the day! Enjoy!
@SenFranken   So cute!   Jacob I meant...well u too!!  Lol. Wish I had one...grandkid
Aww, a d o r a b l e  !!
Cutie
- gotta love a redhead. Adorable!
Jacob is already more qualified than our current President.
hope you made him sign in, Al-this ain't the Winter White House where people come & go all willy-nilly ;)
Ty for fighting for his and all of our children's future.
His eyes look like you!
Doggone it...that's cute.
Can't decide who is cuter.
He will grow up knowing you fought to make the world a better place for him and us. Thank you.
Grandchildren are sacred to grandparents! He is so cute! Be proud & enjoy them.
Great pic, he's a real cutiepie
G-d bless.
He's a cutie
You win the proud Grandpa award of the day!
He has your smile, precious
