SLP!  Top of the food chain!
i  adore  Senator Al Franken:) 
My parents retired to sunny St. Louis Park MN from Chicago.  Don't ask me why.  Proud they live where both Al & the Corn brothers are from.
:) 
LOL at auto correct. Coen Brothers! Not corn.  
i thought so :) lol 
Sweet
I think I shut his F---in ass up i mean Deluded he keeps on spouting Alt-Right shit
Thank You!
I see you,I tore his ass up giving him a timeline history lesson.It was fun to shut him down.He was wrong & I'm up on all this stuffHvNcDay
Thank you. I don't have the time nor the patience to deal with thise who refuse to read the facts but think they know it all.
His attacking Obama, HRC to bolster his arguments were just wrong in the timeline. Probably repeating some Alt-Right station(s)
Fox!
Fox ia going to be light as compared to Sinclair Broadcasting if the deal goes through they will become 215 stations slanted to Alt-Right
@MrGeorgeWallace how fuckin cool is that?
I'm willing to bet (& I'm not a betting woman) Mrs Molin would Not miss ur swearing ceremony for ANYthing in this World! B^> !!
You remembered your fourth-grade teacher instead of the usual high school instructor.  This fourth-grade teacher is so impressed right now.
You can thank a teacher by leading the charge against Trump tomorrow. Thank YOU for fighting for us.
Everyday!
And Jill Stein for VP. The "FrankenStein" ticket will lose when CBO reports there aren't enough billionaires to pay for all the free stuff.
I thought I was stupid until my 5th grade teacher taught me otherwise. Thank-you Mrs. Cooper.
Thank her from us too. You made us laugh many times but now you make us hope all is not lost. #DontStopAtSenatorPlease #PresidentFranken
@LibLaura5 Thought of you!
 our Al!
Needed this jolt of humanity, decency and Americana ... thanks for providing it
As a teacher myself that is beyond freaking adorable.
It doesn't get any sweeter than this. Teachers' love lasts forever...literally
I agree w/ Ms Hurley. I still hear the obvious care my 2 sibs, who're Teachers, have for past & present students!
My fourth grade teacher was my favorite, too.
Please run for president,  after trump there will be a groundswell backlash demanding a decent human being in WH
Thank you for fighting for public schools so that all of us who had amazing teachers can have the same for our kids.
Thank you for the name check!
You are a poor example Franken
Actually he's a very good example. You're not
Franken is Minnesota's finest
God! Do you all wear diapers or just the Democrats?
You must have been memorable in fourth grade, @SenFranken. :)
Boy, does she have a lot to be proud of!
Sen Franken still knows how to use a pencil. To clean his fingernails - on live tv. That's all he learned from the poor lady!
Just think how many more glorious teacher-student reunions there'd be if there were school choice to get right teacher and not rely on luck.
This is the sweetest thing I've seen all day
Can't help but love  good morals good ethics American patriot.
I loved my 4th grade teacher.  How wonderful she could attend.  We're all proud of you Senator.
This one got me leaky.. dang onion ninjas.
We are lucky to have you as our Senator, Al. Thank you for supporting us teachers!
Omg 
What a sweet photo! So proud of you and all you are doing.
@Lee_in_Iowa 
Because you still owed her an assignment?
I was a 4th grade teacher. Your story gives me goosebumps.
Awww ♡♡♡
Man, thats so beautiful! Really cool, Al. You hv incredible soul... my 4th grade teacher was Ms Marek. Still hv a crush on her..
WTG,AT CONNECTING THE DOTS TO TRUMP FROM YATES TESTIMONY. YOUR FRIENDS ACROSS THE ISLE DON'T SEEM TO LIKE THE TRUTH.
You rocked yesterday, Senator Franken. Thank you for your patriotism in the face of GOP/DJT obstruction. And thanks for thanking teachers;)
@PalmerReport This is the sweetest thing! 
Isn't it though! It makes me happy in what are trying times. She is so proud.
And she was saying - Thank goodness you won't be in my class again.  I couldn't take another minute of your pig ! That D- was too high.
So glad u honor her AL, ur a good guy!
As a United States senator, you were very funny on Saturday night live
God Bless her and bless all the teachers they are the backbone of every civilization without them we will never see the light
As a retired teacher I can't imagine a higher honor.
@Lee_in_Iowa This is the most adorable thing ever to happen anywhere in the history of everything.
Al you are awesome!
@dcpoll 
Awwwww *tears* you made us proud yesterday sir when you stood up for country.
Awww da cuteness... LOVE this pic!
Awww Al now you gotta dig up your 4th grade photo for us.
Could you be any more adorable?
This brought tears to my eyes. Thank you!
Lucky guy. My fourth grade teacher was a monster.
I love you, Al Franken
Lovely photo, my eyes misting over. Bet you were a naughty kid, though, and she probably loved you for it. You're doing a great job, Al.
That's because you were good enough, smart enough, and doggone it, she likes you.
This made me cry and I don't know either of you.
That is simply beautiful. Teachers are amazing people!
This pic almost made me cry!
Me too! So touching i had to share!
I hope you were gentle. Teachers don't like swearing.
She looks so proud of you. Awesome.
OMG this is so far beyond precious!!
Just brilliant.  What a super pic. Conveys so much including respect, gratitude. 
You and Sally Yates need to team up for the next Presidential race!
Al, you always have the most positive tweets!
THANK YOU, Al Franken! This is the ONLY   #ThankaTeacher on my Twitter feed today; most folks on my Twitter are educators...
Senator, Mrs. Molin should be very, very proud of you. I know I am!
She so clearly is!
As a former teacher, I love this.
This is beautiful. I have 2 nieces that are teachers and many friends that are teachers. Teachers deserve our utmost respect and love
Hopefully she'll be at your Inauguration!
Thank you to teachers, thank you @SenFranken. Buzz off, @BetsyDeVos. #NationalTeacherDay
That is so cool! 
That's awesome!! 
I love it! Al Franken rocks!
That made me cry.

that is such a wonderful photo. all my teachers are nuns thank you sisters y'all turned me into an atheist lol
Well, as long as you got there somehow!
You fuckin rock!!! I'm pretty sure I have a crush  I'd love to c u skyrocket bc a debate w u and DT would b hilarious in a really epic way
Oh my God, Al would annihilate him & he wouldn't see it coming
I got to grow up playing the violin competitively, act, do art, silkscreen, and more in PUBLIC school. #keepschoolspublic #savethearts
That's the coolest thing I've seen in months!
This is adorable! She would b proud of u yesterday 2!
That is awesome.
She was undoubtedly relieved you finally got a steady job.  

Obvious, Franken must have been a delightful eight year old.
I'm betting he was a handful but a curious joyful one
Awe! How sweet! 
I think I got something in my eye...
Me too
Thanks for your excellent questions yesterday at hearing. Special commission and prosecutor for the many complicit GOP involved in coverup.
It was an absolute pleasure to see the corrupt ones out themselves to us all, and for those with courage and integrity to slay it, yesterday
I'll bet you drove her nuts though
you your having a reunion while the country burns. how sweet. You have destroyed my faith in comedy sir.
As the tweet indicates, this was taken during his swearing-in ceremony...
We ladies just love Sen. Franken. Sen. Franken is a Sen. for the people. We Appreciate Sen. Franken's hard work. TY Senator. NOTICED. ;)
What I love about this picture - one of the things I love - is that she clearly still sees you as about 9 years old, even in her pride.
Yep! #TheresAlwaysRoomForAnotherMrsMolin
I bet you were quite a mischievous handful for your teachers, Senator Franken!

another thing you did that Trump can't say he did.  Pass 3rd grade.
You make us all proud.
Thank you for your service @SenFranken  Appreciate your hard work!!
LOVE THIS AL 
