Disgusting. Fatter pockets wins.
Thank you @SenFranken! Please give your colleagues @SenJohnMcCain and @SenJeffFlake a respectful swift kick from me.
Well spoken
It's more than "disappointing", @SenateGOP ensuring more rigged elections by letting #RobertMercer/#CambridgeAnalytica buy data
@1roughjourney @SenateGOP 
Thank you Sen. Franken.
funny- folks who win by hacking want US to have LESS privacy as POTUS still hides #TrumpTaxReturns
this is alarming. No no no
Another example of who many politicians are supporting.  Not us, not even Trump supporters.  Fight on!
why are the GOP so interested in killing things and people?
that's just wrong.  Keep up the fight!
Hmm. Back home in MN Republicans against Real ID because would be an invasion of privacy.
Kill Everything is their motto! Keep calling for Independent Investigation! Thank U!!!!
@TheClaudiaBlack @SenateGOP that one reason why I pay $40/ year for vpn. It's just so creepy
I would like to buy the history on cong republicans and their families.  How do I do that?
I agree SEN FRANKEN....Our Data should NOT be sold off
apparently #Transparency is only good for the "citizen class"
It is counterintuitive to gut a law protecting the American people when we know foreign gov'ts are working against us
So dirty don wants privacy, but doesn't think the American people should have it.
Oh my, how profound. GFY Al
Now in a different context, could we say "A spectre is haunting America"?
Thank you Mr. Franken. This is very disappointing information. Why isn't this a big story too? This is just craziness
Why was that a partisan issue? Do people not understand the implications of this?
@carl_krash @SenateGOP This is big news that went largely unreported in favor of thic Circus. Another black eye for the medis
oh yeah that statement will show them they will totally stop selling us out to corporate interests now #sarcasm
What part of America is made great (again) by making the consumer's consent to sell their information irrelevant?
Thank you for fighting for internet rights! I'm proud to call you my senator!
#GOP are disgraceful. Why do they want to screw over America?
you really showed your ignorance interviewing Gorsuch
Don't let the Republican change us Health Care
wondering what happened to the filibuster that was once so popular. Dems don't know how to work it or what?
Lock them up! Sessions perjury ,nunes obstruction,price insider trading,trump?Fucking Seinfeld episode! Wtf
Better not try using any of it against me.
Definitely makes Americans feel powerless over who has access to our info. Thank you for trying though! 
Damn you, GOP! Consumers/constituents before corporations! #Broadbandprivacy
Is there anything I can do as a voting constituent at this point in the game? Call? Write? Donate? Lobby? When does house vote?
Why so little reporting on this @cnn @msnbc @abc
Thank you @SenFranken for attempting to stop @SenateGOP from grabbing our privates
Shocking how GOP continue to serve Big Corp interests.  Their actions are very telling....
Is this part of the trying to get rid of Obama's legacy fetish thing that the GOP has?  They are petty! #smh 
as soon as we get some of their private info this will change. Sad
@jeffjarvis @SenateGOP what happened to of the people by the people for the people. Now of the corp by the corp for the corp
@jeffjarvis @SenateGOP It's ok, Al--invest in VPN companies.
this admin. makes me dizzy with so much flying at me all at once all day everyday. Keep fighting sir 
Seeing that changed is gonna be a voting priority for me--along with restoring environmental regs and everything else
@AndthenIsleep @SenateGOP I really hate the #GOP
Agree, its bad but #Treason worse HangTraitors Need #Military #MartialLaw tribunal find #Traitors & #Hang em as spies
@masg66 @SenateGOP How can they be so stupid? Thanks for continuing the fight, @SenFranken
Go Al, give them hell!
do @SenateGOP browser histories cost the same as Senate GOP votes? asking for a friend...
What are D's plan to win back control in 2018 to undo these debacles?
Thanks for fighting Al. We'll be voting with conscience soon. Hopefully, some of us will grow one!
To which senators did Comast, Verizon, etc. donate?
.@SenFranken’s campaign site, https://www.alfranken.com/ , tracks visitors for Google & Facebook. cc: @SenateGOP
does this mean Comcast can sell information about Trumps proclivity for piss videos to the public?
I'm convinced that this nation is an oligarchy. It's run and controlled by the wealthy and corporations. Sad but true. Fuck the common guy.
what happens next with this?
UR are so so disappointing
Yes the internet needs rules but not to make the rich richer which is what the gop always puts forward
it's like they aren't even hiding the fact that lobbyists own them anymore. 

Sad state of affairs for our country
So now China & Russia et. al. don't need to hack info they can just buy it from Charter,Verizon,Comcast,  etc.
I'm sure Gorsuch is fine with this
Paying more for research papers ( I am still in college the research papers were more available by the USA)
can anything be done w/ Gorsuch and "nuclear option"? They'll do it for sure.
So now Americans must face being hacked, paying more if they still want any decent access to internet, Cont
for our so-called president it is all about the money that will line his and his cronies pockets.
Why do you hear about one business after another business being hacked every day?
we might find interesting information that can have 45 ousted from the WH faster!
Don't we have enough to worry about!  Now this!
For instance, Why are russians hacking Americans, why are the chinese hacking Americans
is anyone surprised?
Considering what I have seen on the internet in the last few years We need new rules but not what the gop want
all they care about are the corporations
because they're ignorant an don't care bout n e one but themselves .big bucks in pockets .Not ours though
Are we going to get any legislation from this congress that actually benefits the people of America? Not looking good
Thank You. With all the other nonsense happening this significant legislation went under the noses of many. Awful.
This GOP & @SenateMajLdr never fail to disappoint. Appalling.
Thank you Sen Franken for fighting for ALL of us.  The @SenateGOP is a disgrace--they sold us out yet again.
