IMPEACH Accomplice General Jeff Sessions. He will be the barrier between Trump & Justice as long as he runs the @TheJusticeDept
#IMPEACHTRUMP
That's to be filed under  "No shit, Sherlock"
thank you for always speaking out &staying focused on trump/Russian issues despite repubs&strums don't let them get away w it!!
Thank you so much for your tireless fighting!! Can you please be President?? 
How in the hell did we survive in Washington without you and in Minnesota without you all these years i say.... -
Plow on Senator Franken and more power to you
Please, go back to SNL, your a much better comedian than Senator.
As a deeply concerned American, I congratulate my senator on being a dedicated public servant, committed to our democracy!
My Rep. G. Green is also asking the tough questions. Unfortunately  Sen. Cruz is one of my Senators
Come on Al go back to Saturday night live you have no clue what you're talking about did you figure that one out on your own ? I doubt it
Yet, @realDonaldTrump is still in the WH and met with Russians right after firing Comey. Allowing him to do just anything ha??!
Democracy is in danger. Even if Trump appoints a Director with balls to bring charges on Russia, Accomplice General Sessions will do nothing
Please subpoena DeVoss's bro Steve Prince re: the back channel he arranged so Trump & Vlad could talk privately. Might have been blackmail.
Time for INDEPENDENT COUNSEL, Senator. Someone trump cannot dismiss.
Thank you Sen. Al @SenFranken for standing up for American Democracy!
Please Senator @SenFranken do everything and anything in your authority to stop @realDonaldTrump from doing more damage to America
Thank you, Senator Frankenstein. Wish you were my senator; but, alas, I live in the backwater called Missouri.
Trump and Page were stooges.Easily sucked in, especially by flattery in Trump's case.Wonder if Ivanka has any advice.
If your for justice, continue the Russian investigation but also lets have a Hilary prosecution too.  You do not want to be a hypocrite.
Democrats needs to grow some courage to tell it as it is. This is a treason. We can't play it nice anymore. TRUMP must Go.
Says a democrat
Help us. You guys have to do something about this. I write my congressman, but I don't think it will do much good.
You're preaching to the choir. How do we bring the others to the table?
Would Amer be naïve in assuming that a Trump loyalist wouldn't be appointed as new FBI director? IMO Trump couldn't have it any other way.
Keep pushing Sen. Franken! MN and the whole US is behind you! We have to get to the bottom of this!
Agreed! Thank you!
Q: How could Russia secretly communicate w/ POTUS?
A: Meet Lavrov privately, pass written notes with no free press around. #Suspicious
You can Watch the entire speech on Youtube.... thank you Senator Franken!
THANK YOU!
#THERESISTANCE ALERT: MAKE THIS GO VIRAL 

Why does Trump's lawyer have 2 names?…
You seem to be up in arms about a Russian connection, do you have any concern regarding the leaking of confidential information?
Oh wait, having that concern wouldn't be good for your political stance.  Try being a patriot and support your entire constituency
Why can't this pathetic president be removed from office?  America is holding its collective breathe.
He in a Coup with Putin took our House. While he is gone we should take it back. Too bad we cannot take his Citizenship. He is a Traitor.
With due respect Sir, I'd believe your prior understand of human nature would lead you beyond "suspicious".
Don't you people have day jobs. I haven't seen anything from you but obstruction and collusion. Quit the damn meetings and get to work.
Ask @realDonaldTrump or @POTUS, as we affectionately call him, to step down immediately!
Thank you
Surprised they have not turtled behind North Korea or immigration
Thank you @SenFranken
THANK YOU, Sen Al Franken!
@bresla_linda 
Agreed
Congratulations for a great job you're doing in CONGRESS
I watched this live. You were absolutely on point. TY for standing up for democracy & American people.
He's guilty as hell! Keep up the pressure
Please help us!
Thank you for speaking up! We cannot allow Republicans to sweep this under the rug! #comey #Indivisible
Senator you are navigating this swamp rather well  i am with you
Once a clown always a clown.
#Franken2020
Why are Republicans so afraid of a special investigation? Wouldn't that clear Trump name if he did nothing wrong?
Preet Bharara would be the perfect Independent Prosecutor for this corrupt administration
No proof everyone and he won't be impeached but please, keep trying. It's hilarious
Please, please make sure that the investigation into Trumps involvement with Russia continues... timing is extremely suspicious indeed
Well...that kind of goes without saying smh #Trumprussia
Franken 2020??? Hahahahaha. You guys are idiots. It will never happen
your weird demeanor n language output plus your lack of any coherent communication skills leads us to suspect early dementia!
Why are y'all waiting to introduce a call for impeachment of POTUS? Need a round tuit, maybe?
Al, you really need to decide between standup comedy and being a politician. In the meantime you are killing me, hahahaha!!
Who gets to make the call? If it's Trump's admin, there will never be an impartial investigation.
JERRY G would be calling for a special prosecutor
“This is a constitutional crisis. This is code red time — Democrats need to shut the whole Senate down until there’s a special counsel." Z
So stop the wholesale of our democracy
How gently you put that. Donald is scared stiff and wants to poison the pool. Independent Prosecutor, nothing else
Well said! Thank you for putting people first.
Ya think?
Keep it up, Sen. Franken! Proud to be a transplanted Minnesotan!
Thank you Sen. Al Franken
@sen
Next, Investigation into the Democratic primary fixing against Sanders...
Work It Al, ahhh the truth, the Repubs hate it !
@JonJusth you rock sir!  Thank you for standing up for our democracy.
The American people want the truth @POTUS  and we want it now! #IndependentInvestigation #resist
Thank you!
Obstruction of justice. Say the words!
so what are you going to do about it? It seems like trump is going to get away with it. Is there hope?
no kidding al we need to get frump out of office get that independent investigation going
Peri, these retweets provide a useful perspective for us in the U.K. Ta!
dude, you're like 19 hours late on this hot take. You're great but we're operating in realtime here.
Thank you for being a stand-up senator!
It's very important for the White House to Open a in House Substance Abuse Center! It's Necessary & Human.Kellyanne caught in WHITE House
You are a rock star!!
Very! To say the least. The Republican Senators complicity also. Perhaps compromised?
You all need to get on this. Now! Do something! #unprecedented. He freaking does!
Please tell me we're not going to let Mitch McConnell call the shots here?
Nobody believes that it was because Director Comey was "mean to Hilary" from the "lock her up" guy.#TrumpRussia #IndependantInvestigation
It was just in time for the WH Admin /Trump's Russian bosses showed up for assessment & reviews. I guess they got an A
With all do respect-GO AL! Thank you for demanding accountability.
everything Trump does is suspicious
@1pinkladee GRANDSTANDING by them starting with MAXINE WATERS, they were all set up by DONALD TRUMP ,now he has turned all of
the THEATRICS and GRANDSTANDING against them and is,using it too the hilt.
@1pinkladee DEMOCRATS in the SENATE and HOUSE have put their feet in their mouths once again, with all the the THEATRICS and
How so? IYO
To say the least
Al, we need you to turn up the heat on the #TRUMPRUSSIA investigation
Thank you sir! Your leadership is most appreciated.
I 100% support @TheDemocrats shutting down the government until we get an independent commission 2investigate Trump Ties 2
How is Al Frankenstein in politics? Elect David Spade
You think?
You don't say! #ComeyFiring
Well done
History of lying + hist of vengeance = suddenly he's not + suddenly he's doing what's best for USA & not DJT? Doesn't compute.
Can't we impeach McConnell? He has exceeded the bounds of his office time & time again! Why is he dictating all this to Congress? Stop him!
Please do not back off on this!. The world needs people like you to keep fighting for facts and evidence!
Thank you for your statement. MN is proud of your efforts to discover the truth. The GOPs decision to put party over country is shameful.
Yeah. It's almost like Donny doesn't want anyone investigating him.
You were fantastic Senator Franken... now there has to be enough to at least get Impeachment talks moving. DJT has done what he wants to do.
I'm sure he's totally innocent and is doing all this for the ratings..... not
Or very obvious!
See it through, Al!!! #ImpeaCheeto #Justice4Balmedie
Release his tax information! @POTUS
Loved him on SNL, it's incredible how much he has grown in stature. We must have #patriots like him at this perilous time.
Sen Franken: Shouldn't you be calling it a counterintelligence investigation, not just a criminal investigation? One = crooks: other = spies
Who knew that the funny dude with glasses from SNL was going to be such an outstanding senator? Thank you for standing up for us. 
Franken/ Yates 2020
Seriously senator we know now what can we do? Leadership is sorely needed by folks who put American interests first and that's not McConnell
Without #specialprosecutor there will forever be a doubt, we can not live with that, no confirmations till one it appointed #resist
Meanwhile, we ignore Obama's 200+ terminations

Oh the partisan sins we commit

Its a fair question, just hope it was asked when Obama fired
Thank you!
Why not just come out and say what it is. "He is desperately trying to deflect
and cover up the Russian probes"?
Suspicious, yet also revealing. Isn't Latin wonderful?
If only you were as concise now as when you were funny.  But, you've learned the art of obfuscation well in a short time. #wordsarenotmoney
Thank you sir.
We are losing faith in the system sir.
Franken 2020
To say the least
The timing & circumstances surrounding those extra ballots cast in my favor and found in the trunk of a supporter's car are very suspicious.
Franken 2020!
Sir, you have integrity. You have conviction. You have ethics AND morals.
These characteristics are sadly lacking in the Trump WH.
#resist
SAW YOU ON CSPAN.  AGREE WHOLE HEARTLY.  BUT, TALK IS CHEAP. ACTION IS GOLDEN, & GOD KNOWS, US FOLKS AT HOME NEED ACTION.
Is your head exploding?
I listened to it! Thank you, Mr.Franken, for being a voice for us, for democracy and for reason.
Talk is cheap. Act forcefully and immediately or blood's on your hands.
Hi, the Senate minority doesn't have the votes for "forcefully and immediately"..........are you suggesting an armed coup or.....?
No vote needed to obstruct daily movements of Congress.
Well they're pretty much doing that now. Even McCain joined them today on a vote....
Hey, if you're pleased with the progress, good for you.
"suspicious"...?
no.. they are kinda proof of coverup.
An innocent man would throw open all barriers to investigation and exoneration!
And what can you and the @SenateDems do about it? Our democracy is being eroded and all the pols have is words.
Agreed
TELL IT AL! Your Smart enough and tough and damn it people LIKE YOU! #resist
I love you Sen. Franken, but no shit.
Ya think?  #ImpeachTrumpNow
