If they can pass a psych eval and a physical I see no reason to prevent them from voluntary service to our country. #ProtectTransTroops
They are willing to make the ultimate sacrifice for their country which is more than the politicians banning them are willing to do... js
Yep, exactly. If they can pass the psych and the physical that should be all that matters!
Can trump please take a psych eval?
That sounds good too--but Putin can't give him the answers! No cheating!
Being trans is a mental illness, it's not being transphobic to keep trans people out of the military, no one with mental illness is allowed
And yet they passed the physical and metal tests. Those men and or women didn't nothing to u but protect u and our land.
Lol, you're acting as if I'm against them
U said being trans is a mental illness. Sad that u say that. That's no support for them.
How? It's a fact, that doesn't mean that I don't like them
Get educated. It's not mental and it's not an illness. Ur ignorance shows I don't care for them or their rights.
And "ur" ignorant of facts, how about you do some research? I suggest Braire White on YouTube
Depression is a mental illness. Transgender is who are.
They are a distraction Al. Get with it.
When they need special treatment they are a disruption. I couldn't serve due to physical issue, but I didn't whine about it.
Please think about running for President!
Trump is just protecting american rights you brute.
Golden girl. Pure bs on your part. Ps I remember when "golden girl" was used as a slam.
It is time to IMPEACH!
No need. We'll vote Franken out next year.
My son Ash Whitaker just turned 18. Does this mean 45 doesn't want another trans signing up for selective service or enlist? Unbelievable.
That makes sense. If they can't serve, they shouldn't have to sign up for selective service.
45 doesn't get it. They've been serving for a long time. #drjekyllmrhyde.
Some transgenders have been serving for years. They are able to do so if they don't make their gender an issue. Like don't ask don't tell.
Gender reassignment and lifetime treatment is expensive. Taxpayers should not pay for it.
My son will pay it himself. Taxpayers would not be responsible for it.
Yes they are Franky! The military is a killing machine! not a social experiment!
Their bravery is so amazing.  Something #45 knows nothing about.  Trump is a coward.  #ImpeachTrump
So brave to join the military for free gender reassignment surgery!
I support the ban
If those troops are discharged, then who will take their place? POTUS #45 is weakening our military by his words and actions.
Thank you Sen Frankenstein for your leadership.
Autocorrect needs to put Franken's name on the list, as I often have to delete "-stein"!!
May pass physical if they have no plans of going thru transition while serving which costs 200+ absent days.Healthy son w/1 kidney rejected
You're one of the good guys, Senator. Great personality too!!
My heart hurts for my Trans Brothers and Sisters in Arms. These men and women serve this country honorably while DT destroys it!!! #ITMFA
Another reason Trump hates them.. done more for America than he has or will ever do
Well why must America pay for them to become a in between.
You're funnier now than when you were an actual comedian. Maybe you should go back to that.
Trump is doing all of this to distract the American people from what he's really up to!
I absolutely *cringe* every time I hear Donald Jackass Chump called "president" because he is SO unworthy of the title!
Can we use this argumentation to remove the festering sore in WH? That's the burden we should be spared.
Any psych evaluation should be made of you!  The Military is not paying for transgender surgeries. Pres. Trump made the decision w/Military.
Hey Al Franken, youvare nothing but an old has been so called comedian!  The Military (which you never served in) can't be full of trannies.
Well he just signed the order, pardoned Arpaio and is about to shred DACA. Mueller hurry the F up!

Tell that to a combat unit. You should have stuck to comedy, you suck less at that.
Absolutely.  Just another divisive decision by our "POTUS" who never served a day in his life...
Obama didn't either so what's your point.
Franken is incorrect, if we use the treacherous transgender Manning as the benchmark. Attached is taken from an excellent NYT article.
BE OUR NEXT PRESIDENT,
SEN. FRANKEN. PLEASE.
The Generals and people who serve said that Trans. were a burden and disruption.  Since you never served Al and Chelsea , let adults decide
and not draft dodgers like he is
HE is not the first president to avoid the draft. Obama, Clinton, Bush.
Can you please talk to your DEM & GOP House Reps to see if they will impeach Trump now? The country cannot survive a full Trump term.
I'm absolutely FURIOUS & FRUSTRATED with @realDonaldTrump @DeptofDefense @POTUS & ALL involved in BANNING TRANSGENDER! .. Heartless SOB'S
None of them...since they won't be allowed in...
Time for the Dems to become the "Justice for All" party?
Just demonstrates how little esteem trump really has for patriotism, the military, and equality. Insults them all w 1 stroke of his pen....
You are correct Senator! It's Trump who's a burden and disruption! How much more of this can our country take?
Wrong weirdo!
I hope you guys are working behind the scenes to stop this mad man.
We're trying. Franken faces reelection next year.
Good luck with reelection.
US Armed Forces should be open to ALL that wish to serve! Our Diversity makes America Great! 'E Pluribus Unum' 
lol
I wonder how many of our trans Brothers & Sisters are removing strangers from Harm's Way in Texas right now, while @POTUS is taking credit.
He was advised by highest brass in the military. Going into military as someone who is transitioning-costs military money & 1 yr of service.
No Al, #Benghazi had heroes but you people let them die.
They need mental illness help

Al Franken, you belong belittling yourself on SNL...
I'm thinking the GOP doesn't really care.  Am I wrong?
Not wrong my friend. It goes back to the days of Hoover.
From a man who wears a diaper
ya you really got the Harvard educated senator w/ that one! He's 1000 times smarter, kinder and successful than you'll ever be.
No matter who they are all US troops are what makes AMERICA GREAT. We thank all military persons for their service.
Much braver than Trump.
He doesn't want to pay for their treatments but he'll pay for treatment for erectile dysfunction. Maybe because he needs it for himself. LOL
We don't want to pay for their sex-change surgeries - can you understand this?
And u base that on YOUR years of serving? I DID, for 20 years so before u run your mouth, ask someone who knows
Thank you for being you.
Transgenders suffer from the mental illness of gender dysphoria, therefore they are ineligible to serve in the armed forces.

Sorry Senator, but Obamas military social experiment was wrong and Trump is right!
Thank you. You're a real American 󾓦
https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/onpolitics/2017/07/27/transgender-soldiers-cost-u-s-less-than-trumps-mar-a-lago-trips/515058001/ … Trump's vacations are WASTING much needed funding for ALL Troops.INSANITY @SenJohnMcCain @commondefense @Lawrence

Al What is going on in Washington ? How can we stop the division it's so dangerous !# resist
Aren't they all on drugs so you support druggies in the Military and men in dresses in womens sports and womens bathrooms.... Dear God.
As a retired service member I embrace all those who volunteer hell most never said anything about protecting or serving there country
Frankin for President!
Heros for peeling potatoes or working in an office? You're delirious. But US is country that gives an award for getting wounded.
At least they do not chicken out like #trump did for Vietnam!
Damn right
Trump is the burden and disruption
Actually al, they are a pych problem, waiting to explode. Think of it like this, if you thought you were a rat, would you be fit to serve?
Snooze, there's a disaster happening,
He wouldn't know, Al. He's a coward, and he thinks the trans volunteers are serving to get free medical care. Everything is a projection.
Trump has no idea what the word "hero" means.
The military is not where you go for the sole purpose of government funded surgery.
braver then you
If your home is filling with water do u care whose hand saves your life?
It's not about them. It's about his racist base
#ProtectTransTroop is the right thing to do!
Anybody enlisted is a hero
Transgender Americans are aiding in Texas right now. Guarantee no one is going to care when their lives are saved by these brave men & women
Another ignorant Obama deal. You pay for their reassignment surgery ! Not my tax dollars please. We are 20 trillion in debit from Obama
And my guess is there are a few in the National Guards called out in Houston. Should we send them home too?
Donald Trump is the biggest burden & disruption in the military. Ban him!
You my friend are a burden to the AmericanTax payer your not funny now and never have been

Military will not pay for your personal gain!! Waste of money they are using taxpayers money for their surgery. It ain't that hard to think
Amen.
No "bone spurs", either.
Senator Franken you forgot the only way he'll get the message is via a tweet @realDonaldTrump
Transgender servicemen are human beings with talents and training to share
#ProtectTransTroops #ProtectTransTroops #ProtectTransTroops #ProtectTransTroops #ProtectTransTroops #ProtectTransTroops
And how many transgender disrupters are there? On the planet? Why is this an issue that had to dealt with now? Pandering to the base...
Great words Al. I'm gettin my fill of words. DO something about this Orange AH. #ImpeachTrumpANDPenceNow @GOP Stop all he tries to do.
You said it Senator Franken! They are hero's  Bravo
Trump is a wuss and a coward , he wants to keep his base of angry xenophobes Trans troops are tough and the real deal .  Trump is draft dodg
They are more heroic and better as people than the 'real' or unreal djt will ever be .  Remove him through any legal means possible
Took you goddamn long enough to respond. I managed to write a 1 and a half page essay in 45 minutes the other day and this took you weeks.
So says the man who joked about pedophilia! It's on tape. Despicable!
Thank you, Senator Franken!
No their care is between 2-8 million each. That is fed taxes collected from a small town in #MN many are not eligible to join military.
Will u consider a run in 2020? Or sooner, if possible? Franken- Yates Franken- Schiff? Or some variation on theme? We nd a real Human POTUS!
Chelsea certainly is no hero!!
Than transgender medical costs. We also spend a lot more on erectile disfunction drugs
Yes senator Franken.  Not like Trump who had 5 deferments and never served.   We have spent more money on his trips to his golf resorts 1/2
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @VP @ACLU #ProtectTransTroops
After going through transgender operations and long recovery..their tour is about up..who is paying for this ???
But they make my wiener feel funny. How can I fight a war with a chubby? 
Replace with your "base" Mr.Disgrace!
Well Senator he (Trump) who is a draft dodging coward and his children never served have no business making any decisions on our warriors.
Talk about economic, not so much social issues. You are losing people.
When the fuck did you serve? What the fuck would you know about it?
@POTUS @realDonaldTump where's the ban on the military n officials with erctial dysfunction? More money is spent on that than transgenders.
Exactly Senator Franken
Unlike Trump who constantly dodged serving!
Senator Frankenstein, I agree.
Yep almost prophetic 
Look at Bradley Manning and what he did! Not a disruption?
Al Franken for President
Al Franken for  President!
Franken for 2020!!!! 
Not a disruption? Ever watch a Springer episode?
Well, lets just recruit all the people who weigh 250 lbs and more so the Services can pay for their weight loss surgery.
While @realDonaldTrump is a coward, who took 5 deferments to avoid military service in Vietnam. Pathetic.
if you address it with a direct link , there is better chance of him seeing your comments
You are so right. No matter who serves our country--they are heroes and deserve their medical benefits.
And I doubt anyone getting pulled off their roof in #Houston by the #nationalguard cares one bit how they like to dress in their spare time!
They are both burdens and distractions.They're free to serve under their gender at birth(or after  transition) & cross dress while off duty.
Obama's own study shows it is a bad idea. So end the money on Guns not cutting off cocks
I wonder if all these warmongering reps realize they need people to fight their wars.
Anyone willing to serve in order to preserve freedoms for the rest of us, is a hero and deserves our respect.
Now that is a " presidential thing" to say. We think you would be great at it.
Senator you know who the disruptor and burden on our nation is.....
See I always say you would make a great president. Go for it!!!
you are Still a Comedian, ONLY!
PLEASE RUN for the Presidency. We need a Moral man for the job. And Sen Warren as VP. 2 real Patriots. @OccupyDemocrats @POTUS @VP @nytimes
You just ain't right are you?
#Yawn
Patriotism is unrecognizable to a fascist
B.S.
Senator Al Franken should run for president he knows what he's doing the other one is useless# loser liar
Why aren't you screaming about hacked election fraud? Trump lost WI MI PA
Sen. Franken, is there anything the Senate can do to counter this move by POTUS? At very least, give access to healthcare. They serve(d) US.
Not to draft dodging, discriminating trump
I agree with you Al, but you are a major burden to us Minnesotans.  Can't wait until you are voted out of office.
Kind of a slap in the face for their service.
wild guess if military were called for flood rescue the folks on the roof wouldn't question  gender identity before climbing into the boat.
And Trump continues to be a bullying coward. Our country deserves better.
the puppet master is pleased that the puppet diminishes USA military.
Truly I don't understand what someone's gender has to do with defending America.  Our military are heroes choosing to fight for USA
I want to see specific examples of how they are disruptive to the service. So far, I have seen no concrete information.
There won't be anymore of this bs going on:
"U.S. Army FORCES Cadets to Wear High Heels to Promote Feminism"
https://youtu.be/dNAXNgGTTG8  #MAGA
Leave the statues thousands oh poor Southern White men died to maintain slavery for a few rich white men.History does repeat itself. Wow!
They're using military 2 pay 4 their treatments - they have no interest in serving USA - their only interest is free medical #MAGA #MENONLY
Much more than I can say to traitors in the White House!!!
Then maybe you can pay for their mutilation because we American people do not want to
Absolutely and from one vet I thank them for their service to our country.
Being trans in the military doesn't make a hero. Mental imbalance to the point you think you're another gender is nothing to reward.
Indeed they r!!!
Nice try. Do u have a penchant for Shemales? Can we see your unaltered browsing history?  Come on. Adam and Eve not Adam and St(eve).
Are we going back to 'don't ask, don't tell'? Because that's what it will come to if citizens want to join/VOLUNTEER for the military.
I don't see the Trump boys volunteering for anything for our country.
It surprises me that so many support this decision. People risking their lives for our country. Trump is taking away jobs, careers, lives...
When  one Group of Americans lose their rights we all lose our rights.1st.  Mexicans 2nd  Muslims 3rd  poor people 4th women 5th transgender
But they only go into military to get their transgender surgeries for free.  That doesn't sound like true patriotism to me.
Yes!  They are Patriotic American Heroes and neo-Nazis are not.  It's simple.  Time for the #25thAmendment
Sex change operations do not make heroes. Your argument then would say that all females should get breast enhancements paid 4 by taxpayers.
If that's his position then I've finally found agreement with my Senator. I could use a boob job. 
We always hear the anti-gun left say one true thing- the mentally ill should not have access to weapons. These people are mentally ill.
Would hate to lose an intelligent senator such as yourself, but please run for President
These people cannot conform to the laws of nature regarding their own bodies. How can they be expected to conform to military standards?
Would you want your children to be transgender, and if so, in the military ?
Listen up Franken, ONLY Military Hero's that have a citation signed by the President and says, "Above and beyond the call of duty". GOT IT?
As you talk out of ur butt! When u work alongside a trans under fire and they have a mental problem they put a person in danger
would you want your children to be transgender, and if so, in the military

Incorrect. Their mental & physical challenges make them non-deployable. Quit screwing with military readiness, you pandering hack.
Is That All You And The Democrats Have To Offer?
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS And not lily-livered, draft dodging bastards who think heros are the ones who don't get captured! #Impeach
Trumpster gave this to Freedom Caucus as a bone. Rand Paul's group didn't want to pay for hormone replacement therapy
How does Army Regulation 600-9 get applied? Biologically or by identification? What about APFT?
