But today, the Trump Administration announced it will give employers the power to deny women birth control coverage.
Access to birth control affects decisions women make every day—like whether to start a new job or how much a family can save for college.
Thanks to the ACA, 62 million women in the country now have coverage for birth control & other preventive services w/o out-of-pocket costs.
We need to make our voices heard because this is terrible for women’s health, equality, and economic security.
Senator Franken, were you to run for President, I would support you.  You have a sharp mind and good heart.  That's what DC is missing.
Here’s your “feminist” hero groping a sleeping woman! A good heart? Sure 
This is just the tip of the iceberg....another graduate of the Wienstein academy of assault...
How stupid must female Trumpsters feel!How many women will suffer bec of this?#wastedvote #grabYourP***y
It shouldn't be up for debate that @realDonaldTrump & @GOP shouldn't be deciding if millions of Americans can get healthcare either. #Resist
USA has gone backwards 25 yrs.invest in coathanger stocks,abortion will never die,but women now will.
@gmo1stmimi  Has anyone in CONGRESS ever debated you on that topic?  I'm ready to time warp!
@SenKamalaHarris 
@SenJohnMcCain 
@SenWarren
- abortion is not healthcare and neither is being forced to pay for someone's birth control. Stop having sex or just swallow
Good ol' Republicans.  If only they valued the lives of adults the way they value the lives of fetuses.  Once you're born, good luck. #evil
I'm trying to figure out how Obamacare helped all these people and they all of a sudden complaining this is like really sad
Yes, women have the right to child-sacrifice.
Al, why don’t you work at doing the job you’re paid to do instead of distorting the truth for Leftist brownie points? #DiaperBoy
Also, #Trump's decision should be fought in court. These rules can't change at the whim of the party in power, some permanence is needed.
see AG of Mass. Itwillbe
Gun control is a Constitutional right, but health care isn’t. Women making their own choices isn’t. Geez.
Alas we still have to subsidize the boner pills!
Those who believe in patriarchy over matriarchy do not want women empowered over men. That's why you're a senator instead of Mrs. Franken.
When I tweeted (paraphrased) "That's why you're a senator @SenFranken instead of your wife" I didn't expect him to give his position up to @tinaflintsmith nor was this remotely my desire. I can't tell if this is irony or stupidity. I'm gonna go w/both, awaiting further evidence.
It's legal, we all do better when it's attainable, move the fuck on...
... and yet single-payer healthcare is the antithesis of making your own health decisions ... you must be against that, right?
Where did you get that from? I live in the U.K. I can make my own health decisions.
NHS? Oh I hear that is just grand. Charlie Gard's parents weren't able to make their own decisions on the treatment of their son, though...
The NHS tortured that poor boy for months dragging it out. By the time they finally relented the kid had no chance.
How about you support Bernie's #MedicareForAll bill if you actually care about health care for your constituents. That's the way to go.
How about we fix Obamacare first? Infrastructure in place, supported by patients, doctors, hospitals, insurers.
The ACA is a Republican health care policy. It's better than nothing, but you need a universal system to cover everyone and lower the costs.
Universal health care is a joke. Look at Canada and Europe all the rich ppl socialists hate so much come here for healthcare! UHC let's ...
Government play god and pick and choose who lives and dies look at the sick baby in Europe! Courts chose the baby wasn't worth money
Government is the DMV you really want them in control of your health care
Ladies  I say no coverage no hanky panky. Who's with me? #NoCoverageNoNookie
Ha ha so you're all going to punish your significant others because you can't have free BC? Sounds like liberal logic to me.
no just republicans...
I think that’s a bot. But agree, no one should sleep with Republicans. Just common sense
Thanks for the giggle
#TrumpIsTreason 
#TrumpIsTreason 
#TrumpIsTreason 
#TrumpIsTreason 
#TrumpIsTreason 
#TrumpIsTreason 
#TrumpIsTreason
Nobody wants to stop them from birth control and abortions, just pay for it themselves.  It's all good.
Especially if they’re fending off #HarveyWeinstein.
So true they can walk into the store and chose own their own!
Women can make those decisions. Nobody is denying their right to do so.  Just don't expect someone else to pay for it.
This is about anyone else paying for anything. It's about employers being able to make healthcare decisions for their female employees
so if the boss doesn't pay for it, she can't have it? that's bs. it just means she has to pay for it like all benefits liberals love.
Should businesses be required to pay cost of fertility services?
It's pays for Viagra so why not
Medicare Parts A & B do not cover all Rx drugs. Exception some individual cases of veterans with PTSD & no preexisting condition
Whats next? I shouldn't get free preventative care? Free mammograms?
That which requires you to take someone else is not a right.
Wtf are you talking about
It's ironic how popular socialism is among people with iPhones @HelpSatan
I thought you wanted government to do that of them?
Meanwhile the Budget went to the Senate & it will gut Medicare, Medicaid, heating assistance & anything that helps the poor in America.
I'm starting to think that the GOP wanted to kill off anyone that is too poor in America - Basically anyone that makes under a 50K.
Doesn't seem like the GOP really work for their constituents but for a small % of wealthy people that don't care about the rest of America.
94% of country says it's time to talk abt guns. 74% say approve of potus.Congress isn't listening.My Sen sent me an email today full of bs
45’s ratings of approval hit 21% as reported today.
How on Earth is his approval rating that high? He's still managing to con America.
Last poll I heard of on MSNBC said his approval rating Nationwide was 32%.
Do we need to remind Democrats AGAIN that Obamacare is what took away peoples right to health care decisions in the first place?
Right after you remind yourself that Republican obstructionism is the reason Obamacare has flaws. #irrational
Schumer already said Democrats will not do anything with Republicans to fix Obamacare.
Can you please link to your source for this?
We need more laws restricting men's use of their penis & very invasive penile/rectal checkups for men. Only then will we see change!
There are plenty of reasons women need birth control that have nothing to do w babies.
No Republican seems to know this. They should ask their wives and daughters.
And my child needs insulin, but I still have to pay a co-pay. Why should you get free BC?
Not a question of co-pay.  The question is whether it is covered at all. To treat BC unlike any other prescription is an insult.
I love you Al.
Especially when the "high-minded" ideal of this attack is pandering to misogyny for votes. What a sad state of play.
As long as the working class tax payers aren't enslaved to provide it for them. I'm a woman who wants them to buy their own, like I did.
If we had a public option or single payer, whether employers must provide care they find objectionable wouldn't be an issue.
Is trump going to stop  the First Lady’s access to her healthcare?
Amen and Thank you!
Paying for viagra but not contraceptives is absurd. But when are people going ro realize ACA is not viable? Ds and Rs need to work together.
Apparently, it’s not up for debate. It’s being decided for us. 
Our criminal idiot in charge has brought us back 50 years
I agree so can we all get paid enough so we can buy (or not) our own 3rd party payor plan directly? I don’t want to share costs w/boss & ins
Oh @SenFranken!  I crushed on you soo hard back in your SNL writing days; and this is why I still do!
@MalcolmNance Please introduce bill to not fund Viagra or vasectomies so we can see what BS Trump has to say about that -
Be a strong voice for us in the Senate.  Thank you.
Absolutely!
Women didn’t think they would have to debate the same law we’ve had for years. Even Trump didn’t think so too, until he became a Republican.
Deserve isn’t right word, it is our right. Thanks Al
That's where I was born and left Salvation Army Hospital for unwed mothers. This is what he wants.
And they should be willing and responsible to pay for those choices themselves
. With #EffinMoronTrump @realDonaldTrump @POTUS we’ll be taken back to the ‘50s where he lived his racist/misogynist days w/ his pop!
Is this completely,  utterly disgusting Republican party still paying 4 Viagra,  if so this would be a Oxymoron.
Next the Republican moral minority, along with head misogynist Trump will start burning women for being witches. It's like the Dark Ages.
As long as they pay for it, sure. Same for men Al. You used to be one, remember?
Amen to that!
They should but not on taxpayers money.  All you want is handouts.
Should be a debate who the good guys we’re: Charolettevill the Nazis or the ones not screaming antisemitic slurs. Making America Hate Again
@JeremyKalin then let them make their own decisions. Why my tax $$ paying for it?  Can I have my CC bills paid for by taxes? NOT
#Franken2020
Nor should guaranteed rights of citizens, as enumerated in The Bill of Rights, be subjected to debate - B of R ensured formation of USA
Help us make that happen!!!
The problem is that there are people out there that think that it's 1917, or maybe 1817, not 2017. I thank god for representatives like you.
Thanks, Senator. There's more regulation of me and my uterus than guns in this country. Who knew we were such a threat!
And to have those rights threatened by a serial sex offender.
Not only that but isn’t gun control a more  important and pressing issue. If birth control can be attacked why not Viagra?? #madness
It is NOT about women'S "health care decisions"! IT IS ABOUT CONTROL and OPPRESSING WOMEN! WE ARE ORGANIZING AND WE WILL STOP 45 AND GOP!
Too bad no one told the republicans.
but it is..Al, know any group N D house/senate that might work together 2 "light a fire" 2 remove D head nut?This doesnt stop until 45 goes.
Not as long as fanatical religionists are pandered to for their votes by an immoral regime.
Pulling burning hair out of my head furious!
Republicans seem to want us barefoot and pregnant in the kitchen while the big msn sits around and does nothing.
Yeah that'll happen.
Exactly Al - Do you want to stand next to me in my Veterans Day Media Productions Best American Speeches for the next 2 years? #nonparty
Sometimes the only way a man thinks he can demonstrate his power is by dominating female choices. Are there any actions  to stop this?
@MalcolmNance I'll add that to the list of things that shouldn't be up for debate. Getting pretty long.
No, it's 1984.
This should be a front and center issue in the election that is now just a year away. Their position is indefensible!
Agreed
It's called murder, not a "decision".
Sen, talk more about how Trump is filling courts with anti-LGBT judges!  What are you all going to do about this?
Please address this with your fellow Senators, Sen. Franken.
Wonder how men who use viagra would feel if suddenly their insurance wouldn't cover.
Yet, they want free birth control. The irony, huh? Can't control your loose vag, so tax-payers have to pay for you to stop breeding. GTFOH
Anti LGBT anti planet, anti woman, anti worker protections, anti science GOP seem to think its actually 1720.
How about just observing their equal rights under our laws. Trump is taking rights from all except the rich whites and the extreme right. This is him making America great again. Impeach this criminal bastard already!!  DO YOUR JOB GOP.
Stop pretending to be generous with other peoples money. The same executive order that shoved it down his throat is now being removed
Handmaid's Tale
The need to control something is so overwhelming for these inept, impotent men. Why? Why can’t they respect women and allow them to choose?
Too often, a woman is left alone to support children, struggling to work & care for them. She needs to be able to prevent pregnancy.
Run for president!!!
Shouldnt health care law be guided by medical ethics instead of moral judgment?
And they're trying to defund PP. I say all men be given reversible vasectomies at birth; only their wives/SO can consent to change.
But healthcare can't mean taking the life of another human.
As it should’ve been since, well, forever.
This is all about finding their good old wedge issue so GOP can grasp their disintegrating chances of re-election.
Agree, but men are making these rules! What’s wrong with this picture?
Your damn right
You wouldn't think.
But we're also debating Nazis again.
I am having trouble comprehending this surge of misogyny and that there are still people in this country allowing it to happen.
Yes, and The Equal Rights Amendment should have become law by now. Shame on you Congress!
Why arent we talking about all•Once u separate the debates we all know its harder to win•Health care is about All People,Period•
Republican women in Congress don't have a great record of standing up to their doners any more than the Republican men
Yes sir things are bad, but the worse part is the Dems still don't see that they share in as much of the blame 4the present chaos we're in
POTUS & Congress act like it's the 50s! Shameful!
Women's health issues bound religious beliefs? That should be the end of the conversation, "you believe what you want to believe" Tom Petty
Let women make decisions about men.  Impotent? Too bad. No drugs for u. How about illegal to have sex w/o condoms? Need to control STD's.
How would all those power hungry old white men feel then?
Funny how you never thought about that when the left was in control
Was there ever a time when that debate was appropriate? Maybe it's too soon.
Dems to unify, stand up,Fight Fight Fight all Trump and GOP all Just harmful agendas  to average citizens...
You would think that wouldn't you? Apparently trump and "conservative" republicans think this is Gilead.
I’m sure Galileo was told that at his time the debate on the sun circling the earth was not up for debate!
@MalcolmNance Up 4  debate in 2017? Maybe in Saudi Arabia. This should have been agreed to in 1970s.
It's 2017 and we know after 20 weeks now baby is viable and can feel pain.......   get with science already.
When did the debate stop?  I’m sure you wouldn’t agree that it’s 2017 and we should stop debating gun control!  Let’s agree to always debate
Everything this administration does is to appease their dullard base.
Yeah, it's not 1973 after all! 
But it is, so Democrats need to get involved. Stop drawing lines in the sand. GOP doesn't care, they just take their ball and go home.
We need to stop being confused about what is going on. It's about ripping apart our society, rule of law, & constitution. Period.
It's rather disgusting, not to mention on how ugly it is for the #gov to decide on if I or any other women have easy access to birth control
How how getting employers out of the who gets what healthcare business altogether?
Please start using your comedy and wit to slay silly republican talking points and connect with people who voted from trump
I agree Al....BUT, I shouldn't be made to pay for it.
Curious, how is not subsidizing bc pills infringing on women's own decisions? Their pocket books, sure! Their rights? Overreaction.
Takes two to tango. Both the man & woman must decide once they have joined & become one.
With Trump, it's 1947. If he stays in, women will lose the Vote.
Mr. Franken, that's just crazy talk. Next thing ya know, u'll be saying that women should be allowed to drive a car. You're one kooky man.
And we should not be forced to pay for it - for some it invades religious freedom
but we will pay for penis that doesn't work? And anything else that suits? it's health care. I don't care if someone doesn't like it
and yet - here we are
Amen to that!
This is just another part of the grift- get the evangelicals to give more money to pay legal fees...
Time for Womwn to hold office - represent the other 50% of voterd
Go figure, a bunch of wrinkled OLD GUYS MAKING LAWS FOR WOMEN. Sick of these codgers who can’t get it up but get their VIAGRA whnvr needed.
Saudi Arabia took a step forward by acknowledging the right of women to drive, America took two steps back into the dark ages
Keep fighting Al. I am Tired of Winning already.
Don't be tweeting about it, do something about it then!!!
WHY WHY WHY is this monster still occupying the WH. When will he be held accountable for the chaos death & destruction he is causing
where is this Iskanka that is supposed to be a champion of women's issues?
Women don't have a right to make reproductive decisions for their spouses bodies.
BY @SethAbramson
URGENT: PLEASE READ AND SHARE.
USA NEEDS HELP NOW!!
A woman’s right to self-determination must be respected globally & especially here in America. GOP extremist ideologies will not prevail.
Thank you. #franken2020
Amen to that men can get Viagra which is more costly than birth control women getting shafted again, unwanted babies mean abortion
You should stop funding Viagra in the Military, save 48M from the budget, Afterall Military shouldn't be pushing adultery.
It should never have been up for debate in the first place. Something very creepy about men who desire to control women by their vaginas.

And going on 1817.

I'm not clear on exactly who deserves to make this decision according to the current administration's policy. Who would that be?
Thank you Al!
it's 2017. Most people have internet access & can find Socialism & Socialized Medicine just Don't Work, Inflate Costs & Ruin Healthcare
they'll be debating voting rights for women, youth, minorities, next.
it's 2017. It shouldn't be up for debate that companies deserve the right to decide what healthcare they want to offer to their employees.
Why not make everything free.
If I want a car, a house, a pair of shoes or a night on the town, I pay for it with what I've earned. Should I expect You to pay for me?
They make their own health care decisions. Birth Control isn't healthcare, nor is abortion. If woman want to, they can buy birth control.
We all should get our own healthcare and government should stay out of it.
Don't they realize that birth control is cheaper than a baby?! #HandsOffMyBirthControl
They do but they want control over womens' bodies.
Republican Jesus is the problem @HouseGOP @SenateGOP
#VOTE2018
@gop men only love vaginas - not women.
Then again For Profit Insurance companies should not be dictators of coverages and premiums. #SinglePayer
Oh, is this that year? Thanks bro
And yet, here we are.
#Democrats need to #Fight4everyseat special elections and any seat like @GDouglasJones #DougJonesforSenate Sessions seat #Flipitblue
I can't believe this is still a fucking issue.
It's only "a debate" among people who make Herculean efforts to misunderstand and misinterpret the issues involved. #ReligousFreedom #tcot
Tiny edit. It shouldn’t be up for debate that women make their own health care decisions...It’s not something women “deserve” it’s our right
Your right. Healthcare is not an entitlement.  Buy it like I do with my 16k deductible
Abortion shouldn't be for birth control.
Why in the world wouldn't we prefer to give birth control for free instead of paying for an abortion or an unwanted child?
This is so true. As a mom and grandma I am sad this is still even an issue.
Thank you, Senator. Now tell that to Pence and his zealots.
No ones business on what a woman does with HER body. Hypocrite republicans want no GOV gun control limits, but for women? Fuck Republicans!
Women can choose not to work for companies with insurance plans that do not meet their needs
Trump is a Sorry Sack of a Moron Con Man right? @RealDonad_Trump You should Resign because we continue to #Resist
Considering I am the insured partying carry the plan for my family it makes sense
The GOP believe that Mayberry is a real town and want to return to that wonderful time in our history (blatant racism, Vietnam War).
Okay then allow Prostitution then. Sex is also a Health Care Choice.  It's her Body right?
Hey, they can make their decisions without heavy hand of Gov telling them what to do!
Sorry but I paid for my own birth control. Frankly, Franken I could have used the money for other things. I also refuse to fund abortions
Thank you Senator.
Making your own decisions doesnt mean you are entitled to have others fund those choices
Some men are l 100 years behind the times
It isn’t. The only thing up for debate is who’s going to pay for it. I vote they should and I shouldn’t have to.
