I believe in free & open internet. What we read, see & watch shouldn’t be favored, blocked or slowed down based on where content comes from.
I’m pressing @FCC to let the public review & comment on evidence affecting the #netneutrality proceeding, because this impacts all of us.
Get your packet radios ready so we can communicate outside trump channels!
With you on this one. Reps default to allowing corporate interests to take over and Dems want to legislate us out of existence. No choice
Al what do you have to do and what do we have to do to stop it?
How so?
Putin at work.
Senator Franken, please confirm you will vote against reconfirmation of @AjitPaiFCC as @fcc chair for failing to listen to public opinion.
Thanx for bringing it up. It looks more like domination rather than governing.
Another way for the super wealthy oligarchs to make billions. Al we are counting on you and Amy
Keep up the good fight on this, sir! Thank you for all you're doing.
Sen. I agree with you! I am all for protecting and perserving a free and open internet BUT lets do it through #legislation in #congress!
Let's stop being troubled & do stuff.
Hey #TeamInternet #DescendOnDC to demand Congress protect #NetNeutrality - travel assistance available!  https://www.battleforthenet.com/dc/  
It could be worse than what brought us Trump!
Yes. The new rules could bring to us the entrenchment that we are already seeing from gerrymandering.
Please vote NO on Pai's FCC tenure
I'm worried about every step the Trump Admin. takes to weaken our Country, Government and Democracy! 
#NullifyTrump 
#PutinInstalledHim
This is how dictatorship starts. We must resist. Trump and his thugs need to go.

Are we living in Russia now????
You should be deeply disturbed by the behavior of your co-workers all around. You guys #suck !
- the political power $$ creates is being off-set by pol. power of savvy Public
- $$ pulls plug: no mo' being informed & free to communicate
No kidding! So are we. What are you doing about it? What can the rest of us do about it?
Does the lack of suggestions have anything to do with this perhaps?
I know i should be worried about this,  but too scared about healthcare.
Be worried about everything. Once people aren't looking at something that's when they take it.
You should have RESPECTED the Democratic voters of the Minnesota caucuses & supported @SenSanders so stop being RIDICULOUS @SarahKSilverman!
I love you, but stop being deeply troubled. Be horrified, be angry, DO SOMETHING!
You are not the only one troubled by this.
Bullshit Al, we were fine before it and are doing alright with it. First time you sound like a politician to me.
@SenatorCardin We have to finish fighting for an improved ACA & also we have to fight to eliminate rules that protect #netneutrality.
What would the orange overlord ever do with himself?! 
Another fight from we the people. You'd think congressmen would get tired of phone calls
Thank you so much. You were great on Kimmel.  Ask more Congressmen to explain what they are trying you to do to millions.
So r alot people
We have to clarify what this means vs Russia buying Facebook Ads and bot farms to affect opinion and voting.
I think Donnie's goal in life is to eliminate everything on every level of protection for all
Huge fan of yours, but when you became a senator I was like, "Wtf is a comedian gonna do?!" Never happier to eat my words. Thank you sir.
Wow, you guys are going to be really busy in 2019 undoing all this crap!
Keep fighting the good fight
It would revert us to a 3rd world country, or China, etc. As Americans, we must have free internet.
We need to start a tally sheet of everything we've lost.
I love you Al Franken!!
I hope richard hendricks gets his new internet figured out quick @SiliconHBO
Me too Al...don't stop fighting for #NetNeutrality
Blocking/limiting internet... why does that sound familiar?  Oh yeah, North Korea, China, Iran....
Thank you Senator. I also ask you to carefully consider the ramifications of the SESTA bill as currently written.
Can you introduce a bill that makes it a Federal offense to break things that already got fixed?
It needs to be stopped. All our protections are systematically being taken away by the GOP.
You keep teeeting this but you do NOTHING. Actions speak louder than words. Stop whining and act.
This whole country has lost it since January. Seems there are no rules when it comes to screwing the little guy. If POTUS can do it...
It's going to happen, Donny may be an ass, but he or someone he knows has placed the right people in power. It's good to be a crony.
Seems more to me like trump is putting in process a take over by Russia with each jackass he puts in an office to shaft the US citizens.
who's bribing them?
Yeah @SenFranken, but think of all the money Comcast and Verizon could make!!
So much for free speech
It's a conduit and needs to stay neutral! No other application is acceptable.
What's next, non neutral gas and electricity?
100% Agree Mr Frankenstein, The current head of the FCC should be fired. Never should have been selected. @AjitPaiFCC = Verizon Puppet
This is all Putin's ideas.  Can you please stop this crazy Putin clone ASAP?  Thank you sir.
WHY WOULD THE COMMOM WORKING MAN WANT TO HAVE COMMUNICATION WITH THE REST OF THE WORLD....THE RIGHT WING HACKS WILL TELL US WHAT TO DO...
follow the money, who's going to benefit financially and who's being paid? I've asked @SenatorIsakson three times about ethics w/o response
Another form of oppression... Citizens unite through Social Media & govt wants to stop citizens from uniting against trump & gop tyranny.
The internet should be a living, non-political, definition of 'DEMOCRATIC':
That which favors or characterizes SOCIAL EQUALITY, egalitarian.
The internet has the ability to be, along with a GOOD EDUCATION, a great EQUALIZER. 
Why is the GOP so bent on destroying US? #netneutrality 
#SavetheACA 
#VoteTheGOPOut 
#TrumpRussia 
#TrumpRussiaCollusion 
   . . 
Now is the time for internet protects.....considering our Nations current turmoil
It will also lead to censorship and more propaganda. I always thought whoever controlled the media and food supply would control the world.
Please don't let them mess with the internet !
Me too, Senator, but what do you really expect from the #TrumpSwamp?
I. Am. Too! 
Agree. We need more awareness on this issue.
