That’s why I'm pleased to see colleagues from both sides of the aisle urging Trump Admin to strengthen action against foreign trade cheats.
We’re pressing U.S. Customs and Border Protection to crack down on foreign competitors who seek to undermine our nation's trade laws.
We're calling for a revised CBP rule so that American workers and companies affected by unfair trade practices get the relief they deserve.
I wish YOU were our television celebrity president, @SenFranken! <3
I believe the the President standing up for Americans while should be bipartisan.
Medicare for all, what better way to stand up for American workers & against greed centered healthcare.
Just finished your new book..would you please move to New Jersey so we could have you represent us??
Time to get rid of the "blue slips" for judicial nominees. Especially after the continuous obstructionism by @SenateDems.
I believe you should consider running for president. We need you.

Like sane people do.
Yes- and even just standing up for Americans in general should be bipartisan.  You are doing that, hope others will follow your lead.

If we didn't have so much special interest and money in politics, it would be the highest priority.
you should try it.
I second that motion.
Careful, talk too much about "workers" and you'll be labeled a communist.
Goody. How much work is it to notice when MS rebs whack a woman in Cali, that is to commemorate how they are gonna set a wildfire as pyre?
your bravery knows no bounds...   this is the most banal tweet on my feed.  are u drinking milk?
and all elected officials should be helping citizens uphold democracy. It's not resistance we need but upholding of our institutions etc.
BOO, Al.  WhatzanindyhaftaDO, slime Amy, day and night, on TV, to get YOU into some indy issues, 1. fraud to let mueller 3 trash fbi/ubl/911
Thanks Al.  Keep on working for all of us.  I live in AR now, but MN before that. I'm proud of how MN is doing for it's residents
Then why stifle the small businesses with expensive regulations and high taxes on middle income workers.
and bipedal
But it is partisan, that is the problem
Democrats would rather stand up for illegal aliens that's why you lost the working man Don't worry you still have the other half of country
Unfortunately, level head beliefs are not bipartisan.
Then we will keep yelling them over and over and over and over until everyone's on the same page! #resist #resistpeacefully
We need to form a Dem group to write detailed forward thinking policy on all things. Respect the American people. @TomPerez @keithellison
Cliché
The #RepublicanParty of our parent's era thought so, too, Al. 
From the Young Republicans of 1956 "Salute Labor"...
Senator Franken a better statement could not be said! It's either blue or red and it should be what's best for all. Can't we try??
As long as you are not part of any of it. You creep!
It's not though, Democrats want to keep people poor and dependent, not empowering ppl by creating opportunities different kind of slavery!
You had 8 years to stand up for the workers.
Sadly the republican majority doesn't agree. Please find a way to stop them.
Thank you @SenFranken for showing the legislative values  we @IndivisibleMN03 need in in cd3.
Uh, I'm gonna .. . . .. agree??
Everything in congress should be bipartisan!
Yes 
That's right!
Franken/Warren 2020
Republicans are, now it's the libtards turn!!
Your right about that Al, so why don't you tell your colleagues to start working with POTUS to make America great again?
Look up the definition of 'idiot' and people will see a picture of you. Along with pictures of your fellow lefties...
You're a complete joke!! Nobody takes you seriously 
Stuff some more flags into your screen name - maybe they will fill the void that is your existence.
#MAGGOT

Should be. Sadly it isn't.
True, but focus also on the motherf**ker in the WH! 70% of US want him out!
I wish you were President.
Our fake prez just sold our country to Putin. He needs to go, NOW
I believe that standing up for ALL Americans should be bipartisan, seeing as how you all WORK for US regardless which party you stand behind
American workers are not a political group. Thank you Senator Franken! @Michael36776349
While I share your belief, we have work to do not only with the @GOP but within our own party as well!
Standing up for America should be bipartisan but it's not
Why that's a novel idea, Sir!
Other news .... rain is wet
Abssolutely.
Isn't it more effective if we just take turns every 8 years?
. Hey @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr work w/the democrats 2 fix @gop 1% agenda or face consequences  ENUFF of u & King Henry VI(Look it up)
Consequences=what the Dems are experiencing with the loss of WH, senate, house and many governors. Bad policies have consequences
if repubs & dems wont work together 4 betterment of our country then they need to go. we need ppl working together not civil war or worse
Yeah, you'd think so, but...
Politics has turned like a high school football game. Us against them. Right wing and left wing are on the same bird
That's crazy talk.
Wish it was
@No21839516 IMPEACH INCARCERATE ALL NOW.  EXPAND, IMPROVE ALL BENEFITS IMMEDIATELY. $15 HR NATIONWIDE, FREE HEALTHCARE FOR ALL
That's why you're going to stand up for miners on the Iron Range, right?
DAH!!!
Why are you just now now finally going to do some work?
You've joined the milk toast brigade. Who is twit listening? Haters? Lovers? Only those of us with attention spans less than "sad."
GOP stands up for employers at the cost of workers. We all know that Tell them there is a corporate tax break involved then they will listen
So should opposing Russia, but...
Labor is everything, organize a world strike where people only work for themselves, not for corp
THIS is the key to gaining a stronger base & those that voted for Trump(barf). The guy running against Paul Ryan nailed it.
He should run as "The guy running against Paul Ryan".   He would win.
As do 99% of Americans I daresay. It's that 1%.....
Require cooperation between Industry & Labor in new labor laws;
then call Labor Relations Board the  "Labor & Industries Commission"
...and try adding a Claus that requires Corporate Boards to include a Labor Representative on that Board (like Germany does).
It should be the core of our efforts... the most good for the most people, and help for those who don't fit the mold... day 1 stuff.
Please run for president sir with Elizabeth warren please #resist
Humanity isn't progress. It's basic.
Absolutely! Who thinks it shouldn't be?
So Radical!!
A lot of things used to be bipartisan. I doubt even ordering pizza is now.
Sen Franken does a cooking contest that is bi-partisan. All MN elected Ds & Rs participate. He's the real deal.
you don't stand with the American workers you rather put us down by saying we watch fake news.Sorry we go against fake news who has lied
@USChamber @uscapitol American Workers And Their Companies Earn More Support
Perhaps, reminding the 98% ye old guillotine need only be dusted, adjusted, & sharpened!
together is better! Thank you.
If one of the parties is the Republican Party? Senator, I believe I'll have a drink.
But it's not
Reds only stand up for CEO's
...that's radical!... why, why... that's COMMUNISM!....
FRANKEN 2020!!!!!!
