Glad my staff is at the #MidwestEnergyStorage Summit to learn about trends, opportunities and barriers in our region.
Bingo
Exactly how many jobs have you (or rather businesses) created in the "clean coal" industry since you've taken office?
It's a parody account, Brian.
@realDonaldTrimp
Lol. Sorry. It's too easy to fall for those when it comes to peanut. If you want to know why I call him that now 
Track 21: "Found a Peanut" by Various (Happy Peanut Day!) https://darksideofbrian.com/2017/09/13/alternative-lyrics-21-2/ …
Senator, may I discuss w you investment in tech to empower students to solve challenges of energy?
I volunteered for your election. Almost got to meet you at event. You got sidetracked by another guest. I by a white rum martini. 
You'll prolly get to meet him another time  that last line cracked me up.
Truth.
Franken 2020
Instead of giving tax breaks to mega-millionaires? Are you NUTS?
& go back in time to have paper hand countable ballots until their security can be guaranteed.
#FrankenHarris2020
We need to get rid of Trump, Pence & Kushner!
Spot on!
YES we need clean renewable energy. Climate change is real! Not going to be firing up my coal powered car anytime soon. #VOTEBLUE
@KarenKYteacher 
How can a jack running 4 
office say 911 was bcause we turned away from God! I think I am dead in hell!
A diffuse energy grid (solar battery storage in every house?) makes U.S. safer...Fewer targets vulnerable to terrorism and hacking.
You go, Al!
Sing it, Al! #100isNow #100by2050 (or sooner!). #solar #wind
Trump: make America coal again
We were...until a prehistoric creature was elected for president.
We can start in the USVI, with solar on-site, and eco-friendly construction like Andaman Islands after megaquake/tsunami
What about coal? You can wash it and the it is great. . Or retrain coal miners to install solar farms. Duh.
I agree nenewable energy is the future but am concerned about the oil and gas club doing everything they can to stop it
You need to stop taking $ from insurance companies & Big Pharma.Maybe just maybe you can restore credibility back in our government.
I see new renewable energy construction sites when I drive through central Minnesota. 3 new solar panel sites. Keep it going.
We need significant investment in technology to reduce the carbon in the atmosphere. Billions in DOD spending huge cuts for EPA, criminal
100% clean energy for good jobs, health & national security
Yes!
Pls provide $ amt to be invested, $ amt of expected return, so I can calculate ROI. Otherwise this is just feel-good posturing.
Whoa, whoa. The @realDonaldTrump admin is bringing us into the past, with more coal, nazis & racism, not your crazy, unpredictable future!
Agreed, but First Get Rid Of Trump!
YES YES YES.
No shit?
AL FRANKEN 2020
Let's cut the cord together!  Solar + battery storage = microgrids  http://www.cutthecordbook.com  #CutTheCord #renovaenergy
Amen!
#Franken2020
I think the free market can handle it.  How about letting us build intrinsically safe nuke plants.
Surging US #RenewableEnergy #CleanEnergy.
=
#SolarEnergy
#WindEnergy
#OceanEnergy
#GeothermalEnergy
+
#EnergyStorage
=
#FuelFreeFuelForever
AND make the technology, like solar panels, affordable to the public.
How about you start with repealing ACA and actually do some good for a change
We need to open up more oil reserve lands. Oil is there for a reason bud. Come into the 21st century with the rest of us.
you need to invest in making drinking water. when it runs out, your 10,000 lakes are gonna get ravaged.
As soon as you drag it out of the 18th.
Franken Has Yet to Return Menendez Funds in Wake of Trial
No. Energy companies need to make viable investments. We need to regulate.
We need stuff like this but bigger and better.
we need to take our data out of the hands of corps. like equifax.
Common sense!! you know they'll stone you for being a heretic.
And let schools tech about the careers that there will be with renewable energy

That sounds great,  too bad we will have to wait until  we get a normal president.
Feel free to use as much Minnesota money as you can get.
Renewables,please!!
Fantastic idea Sir, esp considering the sophisticated CA Metcalf sniper grid attack>still unsolved. Possibly a test run for future assaults
I Like days like this.. Rt if you agree.
This is also skilled labor and comes with a higher salary than unskilled.
How with The Apprentishit running the nation.
FPL spent billons upgrading transmisson and distribution and its paid off after Irma *not a all of FL has FPL including Keys and Tampa
STOP  #CORRUPTION #shakopeemdewakantonsiouxcommunity
Push hard! America must be the tech leader in world and we must prepare the population to perform those tasks!
Jobs, jobs, and more jobs!
Work has hard you can.
Al you have to get @KamalaHarris to take the ticket. The kennedys toll the bell in calling her. The bell of justice
Or we could waste all our money quibbling about century old ideals.
K but when you're done you have to prepare for a 2020 run, deal?
Solar, wind, hydroelectric, geothermal, and tidal energy, most likely. No combustion-based sources.
What happened to the carriage business when the motorcar was invented? The economy grows around profound innovation. No need to fear.
True, and as a source for useful materials I can see a future for hydrocarbons.
Sorry Senator not while the orange guy is in the WH. He is too many special interests pocket.
Ain't that the #truth. tRump blames windmills (wind turbines) for killing eagles not the ban HE lifted on #lead #ammunition #LiarInChief 
We also need a secure and smart power grid because we are vulnerable to natural disaster and attack. Such a infrastructure project=jobs!
Ok let's do it then.
We need to build more of the most efficient & environmentally friendly form of power plant available. Nuclear.
Nuclear is incredibly powerful & consistent, & does have zero emissions. The major downside is waste, which even Thorium plants would make.
If fuel recycling technology is improved, nuclear should be greatly explored and employed.
Harness the thermal energy spewing from out Carroter in Chief spews from his face
I'm very excited about renewable energy & storage. We have the technology & brains-we just need to make it widespread. Thank you @SenFranken
A better idea would be if people didn't have restrictions from local municipalities on having personal solar/wind energy systems.
And not the gasifier tech from WW2 being pushed by the alt-right. We need wind, solar, thermal, and tidal.
We should strive to do at least as well as China.
Ya think?
And provide good, high paying jobs.
