The cost of child care has increased by 25% in the past decade, forcing parents to choose between going to work and paying for child care.
Today I helped introduce the Child Care for Working Families Act w/ @SenateDems to create better child care options for working families.
It was an honor to meet Jessica Honza from MN, who bravely spoke about her family’s difficulty with affording skyrocketing child care costs.
I’ll continue to work on measures that promote affordable, high-quality child care for the people of Minnesota – and across the nation.
I have a policy paper that addresses that. Old, written 2002 for a class. Includes some welfare reform. Ideas!
I would be interested in thst!
Sooooooo government run child care?  = bigger government and an addiction to the need.....or tit
Women have been saying that for YEARS
With at least a living wage for the workers!
We certainly do!
I have known hundreds of students that could operate these.  Need to make this kind of work a career path with pay and prestige it deserves
Oh crap. I agree w/Al Franken on something?
Condoms are pretty cheap.
Medicare for ALL
I believe we need to stop having babies until we do develop this mythical system.
And enroll our President in it.
I agree.But, are y'all working on ousting Trump? Because life right now is untenable!Feels like no hope for children, no need for childcare.
Can you please run for president
This is wonderful idea but since Rep. would rather poor people die without adequate healthcare I imagine they won't support this either.
Really? The federal government needs to build this?. Better idea, lower taxes so a parent can stay home.
Hoping you are considering the impact on Child care Providers already strapped with Licensing/Legislation with little compensation
There must be more regulation when it comes to child care. 36:1 is the ratio of kids to caregiver that caused an 11 mth old's death.
Linked with health care and mental health a complete wrap service K-18. Well that's my little dream anyway
Lifelong childcare provider here. Please remember that "cheap" also means I get to live in poverty, which is ridiculous. I 1/
I agree with everything you said Heather. What you do is VERY important work!
Thank you! I'm lucky- I adore my job. I'm thankful that I have that option, my dad was a factory shift worker his entire life.
Enjoy your weekend...I'm caregiver for my 88 yr old parents...After that I want to work in childcare...it will be refreshing
Well quit talking about it and do something. You're our senator for God's sake.
i as with you during SNL, sir, and following your and Bernie's lead now. Tell us exactly what to do., and we're in! You bring back hope!
Thank you Senator Franken, from a child care director. There is no better investment in this country than the future!
Good luck with that!  Child care is expensive-not as fun of a job as it sounds so ppl who do it deserve good wage. Not govt assisted.
Agreed. You'd think this would be easier what with the biggest baby of all sitting in as POTUS.
It would be nice too if a single wage were enough for a partner to stay home & raise their own children, if they wanted.
#FrankenWarren2020
Free enterprise can accomplish this.  Government needs to step out and let people do their thing.  Government causes the issues not fix
@SenFranken Franken is a humanitarian a "non quality" in Trump-he might appear concerned but in the next breath he is degrading someone
@CNN I agree with the child care but it has to include psychological treatment for "MAN BABY PRESIDENTS" suffering Narcissistic Rage
Start by being realistic. Obamacare has failed and given the medical industry more power than ever. Pharm corps richer than ever. Liar!
Thank you.  Let's hope the rest of the legislature supports it as well.  We've needed this for DECADES.
Trump's failed childhood and resultant dysfunctional adulthood could be used as an argument for child care.
I believe TRUMP needs too be IMPEACHED. #25thAmendmentnow.
Pay care givers a living wage!
STOP #CORRUPTION #ahakopeemdewakantonsiouxcommunity
It's Called Public School
We need to raise the minimum wage so that families can have a living wage.
Thanks Senator for working on behalf of the hard working people. Families r paying more for childcare than their earning.
If you want high-quality and affordable don't let the Fed government get involved in anyway.
It depends. Medicare and Medicaid are quite efficient.
Investing in young minds is the very best investment for our country.
I agree, but Devos and Trump seem not to. Maybe they want cheap, uneducated labor.
@Indivisible_TX Won't happen, too many have vested interest in cradle-to-prison pipeline. Want desperate powerless underclass. 
Thank you!  Generations raised in low quality care & people act like they don't know what's "wrong with kids these days"!

We Can't Teach Hungry Children & Many Too Many Children Come To School With No Breakfast & No Lunch We Need Free Breakfast & Lunch For All..
For all families - taking care of our children and our elderly are hallmarks of our civil society. We have a duty to organize this care.
wouldn't know how to create a job if his life depended on it
Franken is such a great guy
I believe you need to run in 2020!
Maybe @Ivanka will help. Oops I forgot, she doesn't do that shit
I think you have a great idea, Senator Franken!
Franken 2020
Teachers !!!
And your going to pay for it with your own money Al?
let's invest in our kids, care & education & the future instead of short term profits
I agree. It has to be high quality, though.
No, better. Kids need interaction to grow & develop. For their brains to be stimulated. So the staff has to be trained, high quality.
We're 20 trillion in debt. @SenFranken where does the money come from to pay for it?
Right on, Senator.
And a senior care system that doesn't push seniors out of their homes!
I think one parent should be able to stay home take care of their children .
Me too, but in addition we need an economy that doesn't force both parents to work. Children learn more values when one parent is at home
What are those things where a toddler can sit and play with shiny things to keep busy for hours?

Oh yah, The Oval Office.
Al, first let's make sure we get global warming under control. Priorities, babes.
How bout getting Head Start some real funding
Yes. And affordable child care for special needs children would really help.
@GailHorn I think before we do any policy as badly as we need some we need to work on impeaching GrifterTrump!!
Protect our children and elderly in nursing homes.  My aunt taken to the er several days after a fall with 3 broken bones.
Welcome aboard, Al. We've been working on that for years using existing legislation.  Let's make it better.  There's lots of room to improve
I had to pay $870 a month for child care. That was one full paycheck at the time.
And we need to pay hardworking preschool teachers what they are worth which is well above their current wages.
we also need a child care system for are liar in chief please
We need wages that keep up with inflation and cost of living. Not social services that make people feel less than. This whole system is BS!
YMCA and Boys & Girls Clubs have already done this.
I believe u would make a good president
Absolutely!!!
Stand ready to help, retired teacher.
With NAECY standards.
Yes!
@graceslick77 my Medicare > not affordable or high quality!How can u say that wen millions of elderly can't afford meds /copays
Senator, from your lips to the Goddess's ears!
.@POTUS maybe Al Franken can come up with a way the Affordable Care Act could not collapse under its own weight before he starts his mouth
Yeah its called Medicare for ALL!
.@POTUS how the hell did Al Franken get elected senator and suddenly stop being stupid #followme #Trump #me #
Would you please run for President? I'm reading your book.
Good thinking Stuart.....how do you propose we do that. #shitforbrains
I haven't had kids, & won't. Still think this is a good idea...
Great idea, not realistic.  People hate paying school taxes, no way you can get the to support child care legislation.
#SinglePayerNow
I'm all for your unAmerican idea!
<-From UR lips 2 G_d's ears.
Another highly controversial, brave proclamation. Lol! Blinding glimpse of the obvious, Al.
Work with the @NAEYC - I helped implement the first accredited @NAEYC centers on bases in Europe . It's the only way to go .
Yes indeed!
Al that was totally a case of stating the obvious. Nobody is for high cost, low quality childcare
Let's work to build a country where children don't die! Keep fighting sir, we need you!
Dude--Unless the entire country contributes financially, it's not gonna happen. Full stop.
It's very important to support these young lives and their parents, but how to pay for it?
We need something! Having 2 in daycare is like having another mortgage!
Ever notice that you Dems like to do stuff FOR us Americans? So different than the Cons who like to do stuff TO us Americans
We have one it's called Head Start. It just needs to be fully funded.
Why
You are completely on point here.
But but then Betsy Devos won't make huge piles of 
Just do it 
thank you, Sir
Unfortunately, this has been a decades old song.
I quit my job to become child care provider for over 20 years because after I paid childcare for my kids, I had no money out of my check
Cutting taxes for the wealthiest 1% will make that happen. Also, do we really need senior care? #maga #trump2020 #trump2024 #NotUnfit
Medical spouses during training are left alone to raise young children often cannot work bc childcare too $$
Also, more tax breaks for training professionals. Doctors/training professionals should be considered students. No money/awful hours
Same for public school teachers!
Public school teachers need higher wages!!
Would be huge win for young families.
It may be the most impactful way to reduce poverty, decrease crime, address income equality and make sure all children are school ready.
Also...why does no one address #DeadBeatDads...everyone has an opinion about "Single moms" but we didn't have kids by ourselves
Step up Men!
Thank you for recognizing this...It is an IMPORTANT family value/asset!
Not to state the obvious
All families should be able to afford food, home, health and affordable childcare. No reason healthcare has to be so grossly expensive.
When I hear about neglected accidentally killed kids it's horrible, my second thought is if those parents had more support...
Childcare for 2 kids is more than our house payment!
Is subsidized care an option at the federal level?  Seems like a way that helps families and providers.
40 years ago, we called that " school"
OMG!  My kids are grown, but I get ill seeing what these young, working families are having to pay!!  It is INSANE!
Wait...isnt  this something @IvankaTrump is supposed to "champion"?
Will it accept children who own large towers with their names on then?
Yes we do
Good luck w/ that. We don't don't do shit like that in USA. We put our kids in home daycares & hope no one kills them. That's bootstraps.
Sen. Franken, let's please make sure that Foster Children are receiving Ed services too.  100% Fosters I have worked with in Tx R illiterate
YA GOT MY VOTE AL
XOXOXOXO
Can we just have one that caters to like, super-duper rich people? I mean, they've had it so fucking rough lately what with all the taxes.
How do you make it affordable without turning the providers into welfare recipients?  Child care providers deserve a decent income.
@SenFranken am listening 2 your book for 2nd time. Believe in ur sincerity & integrity. Would love you 2 be #47! (Impeach 45, Pence 46) PLZ
proposes #ChildCareForAll to complement @SenSanders #MedicareForAll...! What's next on their downhill run to full socialism?
Thank you for IDEAS that appeal to the disaffected Americans who believed trump's populist BS and voted for him! This/hlth/ed/tax/min wage!!
I pay over 2k/month. One year of childcare is more than FOUR YEARS of undergrad tuition at a highly ranked state university.
When I was in school that is.
We need to allow people full power of technology to allow them to have only children they want and assure those children are well cared for.
Employers should offer childcare in the building or close to employment! Production, employment and morale would be up?
The GOP plan of tax credits is the same Hatch plan that went nowhere in 1989!!
I believe that we need to Stop child labour with creating School more than now!!
Can we get the maniac out of the WH before you start running for president? We aren't waiting until 2020..
Franken for President.
start with simple definitions so we can measure progress or decline
1. affordable  
2. low and middle income by $ amount
3. ..."works for"
And a system that has leeway for congressional bribes.
Who is "we"..are you saying that we need to give away more free tax dollars?
I wish you were my Senator.  From Utah
#Franken/Duckworth2020
Didn't @HillaryClinton already do that?
Who can open at 3am if I took a great early 4am baking shift? I like what you are saying!
What really gets me as a single mom is that 4am to 10am time. I have one in every grade. Those hours w kids mean more than money.
Thank you!!! We are finding the cost crippling. Have you looked at the Irish model?
Please I cannot stress it enough we need you for our President
Thanks Al. Childcare during the summer months is a real bear.

Good on you Al Franken.
I know loads of mothers and fathers who would love to take care of their own pre-schoolers. Raise the minimum wage. #MinimumWage15
We have needed that for so many years it's unbelievable the cost
Should be basic common sense, right? 

(As if "basic common sense" even exists anymore!)
And the day you come up with an idea on how to engineer your wish list, let us know.
Make coporations pay their fair share that's how. Stop funding endless wars that's how. Investment in our future is worth every penny
Amen! Just look at this ridiculous budget.
