Can you please enlighten this Ohioan? What the heck is a hotdish?
Any mixture of ingredients baked in casserole dish @ 350 degrees. Tatortots cheese crm of mush soup often involved
Thank you!!! So, it is what we call a casserole. .  Would totally enter this contest!
"Casserole" sounds needlessly hoity-toity. Hot dish is nicely generic...it is a dish that is hot!
.@NorthernSnowdog @brookezuni @PiperJane407 @SenFranken I thought he meant a spicy dish :-D
Hey @SenToomey when is your hotdish competition?  I make a mean vegetarian chicken divan.
I know you love being home but i think a lot of us would feel safer if you were in DC.
If anyone adds to bringing people together, its you.  Thank you Al Franken for all that you do.
This might be the most Minnesotan thing ever.
Not "might" but IS as Minnesotan as it gets!
thank's for your service, subpoena trumps tax info.
I can smell the green bean, mushroom soup with fried onions on top, from here.
Snicker doodles for desert!
thank you senator! You're good enough, you're smart enough, and gosh darnit, people like you!
NOT!!
^^^Russian trollbot says what?   *blocked
You're our next President
what a horrible thing to wish on America , shame on you
What's the funniest movie you've ever seen?
airplane is up there also neighbors
Free hot dish recipe: Ground beef, cream of mushroom soup, tater tots, green beans. Heavenly!
Jealous, PA's senator Toomey doesn't do hotdish competitions. Or townhalls. Or answer phonecalls.
Lay a trail of alternating dollar coins and NRA buttons outside to a podium and microphone stand...voila! #Resist
Seeing yourself as president, Al?  If we are lucky, you'll trip over your big lying mouth.
A bit early for meth waffles, isn't it?
I don't do drugs, but for Al, Biden, Obama, it is time for a KKK meeting!
You're waaay ahead of me, ma'am
will your entry include Russian dressing?
The secret to hamburger hotdish: add sliced water chestnuts, then sprinkle slivered almonds and/or crushed potato chips on top.
I wish you luck!
If you want someone to win the contest, invite a Republican
Honest New Englander question: What's a hotdish?
Stick to hot dogs. Do most people know your a washed SNL comedian? Who ran with NO opposition? Your a fool. Have them check IQ
I havent seen 1 post by a republican that says anything close 2 this tweet. Why is that do U suppose? Unwilling 2 come together?
You go Sen. Franken. You  have a great mind!  Comedic & Intellect.  Great combination! Love you  lots. Patrice
What's a hotdish competition? #justwondering
are u gonna run potus? U should run for potus
Will the winning recipe be revealed?
good luck to you sir, and here's to working together! Minnesota has a lot of clout in the country's mindset. Lead the way!
@Dimanc59 You are a hotdish mr. Franken, and gosh darn people like you
lovin that everyone can come together over Pyrex!
I had my first Mn hot dish recently & it was yummy. My daughter is a Resident Artist at MN Opera and brought the recipe home. 
Put the partisanship aside and denounce the #FakenewsCNN story you referred to at Senator Sessions confirmation hearing.#ethics
how about dish on Obama & Hillary. You make me sick. But when up for reelection we'll have u in our sights
Definitely go with the tater tot hotdish!
If you see Jason Lewis, tell him his constituents miss him! A town hall would be great! Love you Franken! Thanks 4 everything!
Although I will say my aunt makes a mean Snickers salad.  And by salad, I mean not salad.
where can I find more information about this event?
tater tot always wins.
I just made my first hotdish this year. OMG, where have they been all my life? This dish will bring us all together.

Vote No on Gorsuch, nothing else matters.  No Democratic Yes votes.
@mollyyeh makes a mean hotdish.
You mean, the people that wanted Bernie Sanders to be President that you called idiots? People you disrespect?
is it Saturdee or Sundee?
When can we look forward to the Dems putting up more than token resistance against Trump?
add lutefisk - hold the borscht. Or just maybe tuna.
Good God Al! You are the sweetest politician ever. Wish you were in Arizona. come on. We have no winters!
They R gone!Replaced by less apparent Rep.Idiots.Unfortunately,Raul Grivjali is alone here.Has UGE district tho!
I sure wish you would all do that for some meaningful legislation
All of your other Sen. Dem. Sis.'s and Bro.'s can take a lesson from this and try to manage the same thing in their States. ;)
You have been noticed for bring the good peoples together at a tough time in History Sen. Al Franken. Much LOVE ;)
Hope the Minnesota grocery stores are well stocked with cream of mushroom soup & tater tots! 
You are doing the most intelligent thing ever. Brave too. All will work out for the best. I will pray for your States people&you
y'all have a good time with that.
Revenge is a dish best served cold.
Hey, look! It's the failed comedian who had to use voter fraud to steal his Senate seat!
And you probably pee on your kids
I actually expected something more from so accomplished a comedian.
Of course you did
Minnesota Nice Smack Down
tacos. That is all.
I want you to be our President. You're still young enough, smart enough, and gosh darn it, people respect you.
when and where?
what's you specialty
It's not going to be all lutefisk is it?
ooh. What are you making ?
You don't deport the losers, do you?
Maybe you can chit chat w/Erik P. et.al. about requiring Trump's taxes, etc. We need a clearer view of this guy's motivations.
Really? Tuna Surprise disagreements divide families! Sad!
be sure and make all the recipes available.
oofda
I'd love to help taste test  :) or at least see the recipes.
Sounds like fun... good luck
Happy to see you still get to lighten up a bit! ;)
please post the dishes 
Uff da
Enjoy. You deserve to have fun.
