JUST OUT: Here's a summary of the Graham-Cassidy repeal. Yes, it's that bad.

Spread far and wide if useful. 
Helpful! Thanks for sharing. What can I actually do to have an impact? I'm at a loss.
Murderers.
Dear Sen. Franken: Please Protect the ACA from this latest Attack from heartless GOP! We are your supporters snd WE ARE #TheResistance#TRUTH
You DEMagogues are at least consistent at spewing divisive hate against anything trump.
Thank you, Senator! Please keep fighting against this bill. We are counting on you!
It's worth more than a look, good Senator. It's worth fighting against with all you've got. And I know you will. Thank you, sir!
I don't understand why the health insurance providers are being left out of this? Why wouldn't you want them at the table when negotiating?
race ipso loquitor
Important share! What is the best thing that everyday Minnesotans can do to fight this?
Where's the replacement Senators Graham& Cassady??
Thank you for fighting this nonsense!!!! This thing is the mother zombie of all zombies!
You have ruined Healthcare by diverting $billions to pharma, insurance cos corrupt cronies without shame. Big joke: not funny no value added
Pending vote sounds likely to be close. @SenFranken, I hope you & your colleagues have an ace up your sleeves
Does GOP leadership really think this Zombie bill has a chance or are they just holding out for more Bribes from insurance industry? #Resist
They keep thinking, we will quit watching
The same way they hope people will be so disgusted & disillusioned, they won't turn out to vote.
I don't get this country!
Republicans!!!!!!
Call your Governor too! More talking points below!  They have influence with senators!  https://www.theloyalopposition.net/daily-ctas/daily-call-to-action-september-13th-2017/ …
Medicaid Freebies must be Pd as Medicare Deducts insurance from Welfare Cks!@POTUS
Repeal and replace one reason he was elected. The people have spoken
Please, Sen. Franken, help us stop this repeal/replace madness once and for all time!  #MedicareForAll
Nothing new or better than typical Republican tax cuts for rich!
Are you on ObamaCare?
@palomacreative @CMSGov @ASlavitt Workers Sick paying Higher Premiums Thanks2 Medicaid2Illegals/Refugee MEN2 Coward 2Fight.
I blame MSN for repeatedly saying Rep are not keeping promises to the voters. It matters not that it hurts ppl. 75% of Amer Do Not Want This
Do what ya gotta do Al.  Don't let it happen!
Yes the proposed plan to repeal the ACA is truly a plan that will destroy all the things that have helped so many people.
Ty
I'm pretty sure @aslavitt would agree with prioritizing "Minnesotan" over running Medicare, Medicaid and the marketplaces.
Thanks Al

unreal. throw in the kitchen sink. so you pay tons, get sick no caps, poor and then have no coverage. just pass out cyanide kool-aid packets
Thank you for your opposition!
Thank you. Also please commit to withholding consent and running out the clock.
Can't be worse the Obamacare
When Dems own up to everything they have done to destroy hc system and infrastructure, then they will have the cred to talk about the GOP!
Who is going to outline how ACA hurt Americans? So disappointed in u, after campaigning for u, writing letters, being your delegate. Shame.
This thread is worth a look too, Sen. Franken. Please read, then fight G-C w/everything you've got:
1: #GrahamCassidy is far *WORSE* than full ACA repeal. This is not getting much attention.
Thanks, Senator!
i like how you just keep plodding on with reason @SenFranken @viacampmimi @CMSGov @ASlavitt
Another American genocide - this time to rid America of the poor and elderly
@marcorubio
Americans deserve #MedicareForAll
This is a bunch of shit!  It's unacceptable!
Thanks
They're never going to give it up.
Wtf is wrong with @GOP?? These guys are like zombies out of a grade B horror movie. They just keep coming back
Bernie needs to spend some to get the word out- we got trouble...trouble. Dollar bill 
Cassidy looks like a scary deer in the headlights doctor & Graham has no children. No surprise.
Trump and the GOP sees themselves as "the privileged class"! They should have benefits and privileges no better than their constitutes!

Voterama... load up w admendments to get past 9/30 and get to 60 VOTE rule
They keep rehashing the same BS 
Here's link to a site to quickly tweet senators to oppose #GrahamCassidy http://www.factpower.org/healthcare-tweetstorm.html …
This is like the Hydra; cut off the head and 2 grow back!
Yep. 
These guys are determined the give tax cuts to the wealthy by taking health care away from those who need it the most. It has to be stoped.
#AHCA #BCRA #GrahamCassidy We are doing this again?  Why don't they just say "we don't care about your health" and stop giving it new names
That's great liberal spin, what are other views?
He's from Minnesota?! Somehow my respect for him has grown which I really didn't know was possible!
Did you even READ above what they are proposing to replace ACA with??  That is 10 X Worse than ACA and with at least a 20% premium !
agreed.
Proud to have you for my senator!
Was a fan of yours before you sold out @alfranken
Plan on doing something about it besides kissing up to Bernie Sanders?
.#SaveACA

Scary- Please don't let it happen!
Looks like Putin dictated this to stick it to hard to the US to cause turmoil and break the country apart. Trump is his puppet
What the F--- is wrong with them?!?! Why? Just why?
lets try it nancys way, pass it to find out whats in it
This just shows that it is way past time for all of us to have healthcare. Medicare for all! Let's go!
This bill also repeals the Prevention & Public Health Fund! All summaries NEED to include this. Huge impact on CDC
That is incredibly ugly !! @cassandra17lina
What is your suggestion?  I remember you saying (bragging) that you were working on a bipartisan bill.  What happened to that?
This. Is. Foul.
Yes. It is so sad that they keep trying to pass these cuts. Only greed and cruelness.
Share to facebook request contact
Senators and Representatives. I have them set up in Messenger.
U can get your sources in Google
It can't be HALF as bad as what you've done to the American health care system. BTW where are the doctors and nurses to meet our needs?

Way to back up reality with data!!!!! Keep fighting Al!
But I think Single Payer will be the downfall of Dems.  It needs to be tried at a state level 1st, but CA, VT, CO all decided too expensive.
They tried it Bernie's way in one state and it failed. It's why he doesn't give details. He sucks at details.
Hey, MN, how does it feel to lose health care $ to WI b/c Scott Walker didn't want to help poor WI-ites get health care? This bill does that
Let's not forget we have a White Supremacist in the White House who literally advocates murdering sick people in their hospital beds.
Please fix ACA.
