No they want special treatment.
Equal treatment =/= special treatment
They want special treatment
"Special" as you use it = equal
Everybody has equal rights. Anything further is special treatment
Clearly everyone didn't have equal rights. That's the point
What rights do they not get?
Access to a bathroom. This isn't complex
Al Franken just said on #CNN that he will still appear with @kathygriffin in July. What has the Democratic party become. Sickening losers.
I hope you also where appalled about Ted Nugent being invited as a guest to the WH after is comments/actions to former presidents?
Ted is a true patroit, Obama was an #ISIS denying fool. Remember they were just JV in terms of power. They are now in 32 countries.
That's what I expected Hypocrisy. At least Kathy was condemned by Democrats and Republicans and She apologized.
The eye rolling apology of a liberal is always sincere right.....NOT
TBH the fact that you drink bud light lime is the most deplorable thing about you.
The most deporable thing is trying 2 raise future white men when this is 1 of the examples.They justify their own but condemn others.
What
If you replace 'transgender' with 'black, 'female', 'muslim', 'asian' and it sounds bad, then it's a bad idea! Change it!
Half the problems would be solved if we all dropped the labels. We are all human beings first & foremost. The rest is window dressing
Yawn
You really think that not allowing gender neutral bathrooms in schools will stop pedophilia. If only it was that easy.
Sorry ur male or female. There is no transgender. Your a guy who wants to b a girl. Your a girl that wants to b a guy. Thats the reality.
Regardless of whether you agree or not,everyone deserves the freedom to Live the life they want.We're used to closed minded people like you.
Yes i am close minded. And i wont apologize for it. I am %100 conservative republican and proud of it.
Stands with Kathy Griffin but talks about treating people with dignity and respect.
Sad that it takes the federal courts to tell us this which should be a given.
Franken condoning Griffin's violent display against President by not severing ties with her.  He's still doing appearence with her.
Al Franken in 2020! He is good enough..........smart enough!
Tell that to Betsy - please
She is to busy dealing with the bears ...

.....ever thought about running for president? I'm in UK but have become obsessed by US politics since 'The Donald' I feel so bad for y'all
Just finished watching you at the DNC last year. You make me smile whenever you speak in congress you have a wicked sense or humour.....
Everyone is equal so agree. But don't call immigration reform racism. That insults my intellect.  Having said that though most should stay.
At least we now know that you will never run for president. #kathygriffin
Glad you are being yourself now & forever Al Franken. I will buy your new book!
Need money in #Chicago schools #music #art
no since this has not been a issue until Obama came out with this.They are not being treated different.Trans in kids is child abuse
When is the government going to treat the tax payers with respect! Time to get your hands out of our wallets. Quit wasting time & our tax $.
So treat transgender kids with respect and you don't give a damn about normal kids. That says it all.
Al Franken will appear w/ @kathygriffin despite ISIS-inspired decapitation of @POTUS. Were it Obama, he be rightly outraged. SICK hypocrite.
You support Terrorists ?
You are evil - no different than Kathy

Sen. Al Franken just happens to have an upcoming event scheduled with Kathy Griffin. http://ow.ly/LPgx30caKRp  

Showing dignity & respect 2 office of Presidency & country would demand u denounce offensive @kathygriffin & not appear w/her hypercritical
Now Tranny children
Fool
You want 30 year old men to use the bathroom with my little girl?  I fail to see the progress in this.
Yes Now to feed kids without shaming the poor
You're right. Everything points to collusion #SethRich
@AppSame #HolierThanThou #DNC Shill #Al Franken Stalling in Decrying #Kathy Griffin Hate and Tawdry Appearance,
Tells #USA Who Al Really Is!
is pretending to b head someone dignified and respectfull? U r still going to appear with her I see. Hypocrites.
Just as much as sleaze as @kathygriffin ...
Your a waste of oxygen Franken.
Yes!!!
Yes yes they do
I'd like to see all of us treat teachers with dignity and respect.
Love you Al, but you are wrong on this issue...
U are an ass wipe..
You were awesome on @nprfreshair ! 
I just wish I qualified for one of your call time songs!
So, I'll send you one w/my next donation
Caught your book interview on NPR today 1) looking forward to the book 2) please run in 2020, we need you !!
ALL STUDENTS SHOULD BE TREATED WITH RESPECT & DIGNITY.  IT DOESNT MEAN AMERICA NEEDS TO MICROMANAGE THEM....#toughenUP
I'm listening to you sing on Fresh Air right now. Glad you kept your sense of humor and compassion.
Doing great work Al !
Looking forward to seeing you and Kathy Griffin on stage making jokes about beheading the president. Can you be arrested for that?
you da bomb! 
I went to school in Anoka. Google its heinousness. I love Al a lot.
Are you still appearing with K Griffin on 7/7??  Have you disavowed her disgusting act??
The key to unraveling the Trump/Russia connection is Melania @Sen.AlFranken. Watch her body language around him & Trump officials.#She'sKey
listening to you on @nprfreshair at this moment and I'm so happy you got your laughs back. Love you!
Why no cxl of event with Psychopath
Ur a good guy, Senator.  Wish I lived in ur district.
EDIT: 
Our schools have an obligation to treat students with dignity and respect
Do you stand with Trump? Do you wish for all women to have their pussies grabbed? Do you wish for someone to be murdered by Trump on 5th av?
YOU have an Event with @kathygriffin next week.. CANCEL & DENOUNCE!  Treasonous Behaviour towards our @POTUS
YOU have an Event with @kathygriffin  Kathy Griffin next week.  WE Demand that you DENOUNCE and CANCEL! NO APOLOGIES
Kathy Griffin is SICK, but then again so are most Liberals ! They are the most Hate Filled Vile people on the planet #KathyGriffin #Sick 
Are you a transgender senator?
Is it only for transgender students?  Kids with Tourette's don't need dignity and respect? Your focus seems to be pandering.

It should be a no-brainer. We're a #Christiannation. #Amirite?
R u going to denounce Kathy Griffin? You do except donations from her right?
Sen Al Frankenstein defends the rights of creepy cross dressing men who want to use the little girls room. #Gross #Sick #DemocratsSuck
Seems like you're projecting, man.
How does it feel to be wrong 100% of the time?

#Hillary'sLoss
#RussiaCollution
#BenghaziVideo
#IRS-targeting
#BoweBergdahl
#etc
You were great on Fresh Air today!
No they shouldn't you and them need a brain transplant
Yes, we are Evolving,  slowly... but surely ♡
I'm proud that you are canceling event with Kathy Griffith
Thanks 
don't hold your breath
Lead on, Senator, lead on.
I'm pleased as well, but sad we have anyone on the other side of that fight. Keep up the great work and start thinking of a VP.
Yes indeed!!
Someone tell Cruella DeVos. @BetsyDeVosED
Many thanks for your new book, "Giant of the Senate"
Nobody ccares that Spec Needs kids are being left behind. Funds for spec ed has beeb drastically cut and parents are frustrated. #SpecialED
Now you have to work on that waste of carbon @BetsyDeVosED @BetsyDeVos
Has it occurred 2 u that people might feel the same way about u? Just saying...
Thank you Senator Franken!
Thanks
Should be a no brainer to treat other humans like humans?
Hey Al, I just listened to your Fresh Air interview. Good stuff.
I was so excited when I got in my car and heard @SenFranken! He made me laugh a couple of times, much  needed. Good human, doggone it! him
great job on the Grateful Dead radio show on Sirius
@SenWarren @RepAdamSchiff @JudgeJeanine @EricTrump @billoreilly  AL Stop Your Incessant failed pandering, you do not fool anyone 
WADR... Just Like EVERY STUDENT!!! #LGBTQ & HETERO, IMMIGRANT, POC, PHYSICALLY Challenged! ALL FAMILIES' CHILDREN! #LGBTQ FAMILIES R U.S.
Haha!!! Dept nut of education millionaire  Cant wait to see how your plan works.  How are kids going to get to a school of their choice?
They aren't... her "freedom of choice" enables rich families to segregate from others legally, while draining public schools of tax money.
Yes, used to be inherent in our culture. Not sure what we are now.
#wow Al did you figure that out on your own? Every human being should get  dignity and respect until I deem otherwise. Remember KISS
Side note; Fantastic listening to you today on Dead Radio!!!
