It’s morally wrong that some people are denied access to lifesaving prescription drugs because they can’t afford them.
It’s time for action. That’s why I’ve helped intro plan w/ @SenateDems, which includes effort to tackle Rx drug prices I’ve long championed.
I recently sat down with Senator @ChrisVanHollen to talk about my bill to bring down the cost of prescription drugs. https://www.facebook.com/senatoralfranken/videos/10155095511718878/ …
Can't we just get a public opinion , and the Republicans can stay Blue Cross ..I'm paying 22k per year
Be happy, we already have Public Opinion protected by the 1st Amendment.
I just can't get over your vote allowing the slaughter of wolves.  I can no longer be a fan.   You lost me
tell manchin to stay in the senate
Welcome to my world.
Bernie said this verbatim for 2+ years but you endorsed Hillary. Stop the fakery.
Thank you for fighting this fight.
The coverage gap in Medicare's Rx coverage is still a huge problem, especially for disabled folks with big Rx bills.
Showing your love for humanity doesn't cost you a dime.
My wife and I are two college educated people. She teaches, I use to teach now run my own business. I can't afford health care. BS!!
Dems need to speak out about our unhinged POTUS. Leadership void on this. Don't let GOP take us down path to war again. Do something !
No offense, Senator, but we've heard this from politicians for too many years. Not one damn thing changes. Hollow words.
Or fear nuclear war after their supposed leader goes beserk over Kim Jung UN. Both are crazy with nuclear launch codes.
As I have mentioned, ad nauseam, how about The American HEALTH Act! #AHA! Rev 2
Let our INDULGENCES pay for #Medicare4ALL!
We instead of me ,less selfishness
But yet many do, every day.
#MedicareForAll
Then why would didntou make healthcare more expensive than it already was?
But that's literally what has been happening for decades cause capitalism decided making money was more important
Well, shoulda, woulda, could have - Americans have to make those decisions every day.
Eat healthier. People eat like trash, causing them to take more meds. Just a thought.
Do you think you have anything to do with Trump's need for daily affirmations?? He's not good enough, smart enough and nobody likes him 
Lord knows congress doesn't have to!
This is horrible! But in all, the rich get richer for some reason!
I am doing that right NOW. Its so depressing missing doses Taking from bill or grocery money Just to get the meds I need. It is Not Right.
Yep, this paycheck to paycheck problem is for the birds. I didn't pay my mortgage on time this month because my car needed fixing. #NoMiddle
This will never stop until the American people are paid a wage that they can live and thrive on NOT just make ends meet. WOW crime will drop
We might not need to worry about that if trump gets us all killed
The working poor have been making choices like that since the birth of this nation.  Not worrying about that is a fundamental change in USA.
You and Kamala in 2020 please!
Yeah but come to the real world, it happens all the time.
Amen!
we want Single Payer and we want it:
Then why didn't you respond when you were asked about single-payer why did you just keep walking and ignore the question
We did when I was a kid we grew up and did well for ourselves., and over 50 years later and on Social Security I'm doing it again.
Amen! Even with insurance costs for meds are rising causing those with long term illnesses to have a hard time paying for what they need.
solution: single payer
Or having a cellphone...and great tv cable package...with HBO. Just saying
That's right. but we do!
Sociopath, BIRTHER @realDonaldTrump is FURIOUS because @BarackObama WON, NO R&R of Obamacare! So conman Trump can't take it! OUCH!
EVIL @realDonaldTrump could care less! GOP thinking about themselves. Not even ONE woman legislator in HC debate, only white OLD MEN!
COngress needs to reconvene immediately to revoke Trump's ability to launch a nuclear strike without approval.
I'm an American & need a doctor but couldn't afford $300/month insurance. Please fix ACA, or do #SinglePayer
Please help American families.
If we had decent politicians that wouldn't be he case
You mean to tell me that you suddenly now had this revelation? Not last year or the year before, or year before, etc? 
Stop pandering.
No American should face nuclear Annihilation because of a mentally ill president...
Franken for Prez 2020!!
Then please do something about the poisonous diet of the American people, such as is killing most people through heart disease from bad food
#SinglePayer now.
No more empty rhetoric
It's happened many times to me and my family ..
Or losing sleep b/c the adm is so clearly incompetent and our elected elites WILL NOT ACT!
But the rich have some of the best health care in the world.
Qs;Why is this admin & GOP so Hell Bent on cutting funds & programs for Elderly, Poor & Disabled ppl?
Who do these cuts Benefit?
Bc of 45 looks like many people won't b able to afford either when food prices start going up Bc food is rotting in fields.
That's how it is with me my medication went up recently and I can't afford it
No human should go to bed in fear of nuclear annihilation, impeach the false king before its too late.
Al? Where were you when bernie needed you? We needed u? Your good enough, smart enough and gosh darnit, people like you. #MedicarareForAll
Oops...... too late. Happens all the time, thanks to republicans.
America shouldn't have to worry about what their leader is starting everyday! Go cut that idiot's tongue out and get him out of there!
Unless of course they're addicted to the medication
Tell the drug companies to drop their prices
I hate Donald Trump. I love you.
The New Democratic slogan should be Hindsight is 2020!!! Love this!
So, that means you will vote for single payer, right Al? If you don't, these are just pretty words.
It sucks. Living paycheck to paycheck is awful. I dream abt having a life w/enough money to live on. That'll never happen. A girl can dream.
hi!    no follow back?     thnx
@fastwatermoon Happens every day of the week!

I had a Rx that saved my life $3k/month. Ins quit paying. Terrifying feeling.
Again reason 63 why @SenFranken you should be President!
it happens everyday.. look at the people filing bankruptcy and losing their houses.. look at the people who have spent their retirement
@tpowers6pack Please run for president in 2020
Politicians have been saying this for years ... we all know it we've all experienced high pharma costs .. who's going to fix it ??
But don't worry everything is" locked and loaded" lots money for bellicose exploits but great debate on finding it for Health care for all.
Waiting for you to support #MedicareForAll  Until then, your words are just platitudes. Talk with @SenSanders & @TheDemocrats
How do we expose those who are using our power to fix this to promote corporate interests instead?
Indeed. Of course, I'm going to tell everyone that will listen that Senator Franken and I are on the same page.
I will choose food, as will most people.
I work in my church's food pantry and so many of our patrons are for this very reason!!!
Nor be under a treasonous regime with an incompetent complicit congress
This Administration & GOP support big pharma. #2018
Dear Sen.Franken I'm in Italy visiting a friend who lived in USA for 40 years. She misses USA doctors & health care. Hates health care here.
But I see this happen on a daily basis as a pharmacist, our for profit healthcare system is reprehensible.
We also shouldn't tolerate a walking pumpkin in the Oval Office when is Congress in the Senate going to do something about this moron
Well that is a fact. The left thinks Obama's care works. NOT
Maybe it's apathy, but I'm resigned to the fact I may die of something preventable because of someone else's greed, bigotry, misogyny, etc.
Sorry All missed sending to #ronbissell
There's far worse options. 1 pill a day for cml costs $14,000/month. That's not food. That dying without insurance
My Dr changed med from $10 copay drug. New RX cost 28 THOUSAND dollars! NEW drug was slight change from old w/ new patent. Totally corrupt!
Too bad that's the way it is for a LOT of us!  We don't have much chance up against big pharma, insurance and the GOP!
american healthcare is designed for profit, not our health, unlike all of our economic peers in the world
We have to save ACA ? Ok we have ACA and people are starving with it? WE HAVE IT.   ITS THE PROBLEM
I'll be taking meds every other day. copay on ONE of my meds went from under 10 to $50, partner has 8meds +2 insulins. We're screwed.
Which is what is going on now
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayer
Certainly glad to have someone like you in the senate. Make me wish I was from Minnesota instead of the backwards state I am
Al Franken for 2020!!!! @NoFascistLies
Thank you Sen Franken!
I'm thankful my children are grown. I can't afford insurance/meds, so I just don't go to the doc. I just hope & pray it doesn't come back.
too late, sir.
#5000Deductibles
No one should have to go to bed and wonder if they'll take up to nuclear war
*wake up
So what about those of us that lost everything because of chronic illness? Retirements, life savings and homes gone?
Amen!
It happens all too often so let's stop this from happening!!!! It's a fact that RX are overpriced and past time it stops!
Then why did you support BarryOCare?  That's exactly what has happened to the middle class Slacker....
Then cosponsor Single Payer with Bernie
Is that what my mom meant when she said I'd better eat my supper or I'd have to take my medicine?
#25amendmentnow
...Or between affording their medication and dying.  There are many luxuries in life; some of us get them & some don't. Health can't be one.
Amen.
Obamacare only works if you don't.
I agree with much of what you say Al. What are you guys going to do about this potus situation? Getting worse by the day. Priority #1 no?
Senator Al should be next POTUS!!
No country should go to war to distract its people from the fact that that country's leader is a traitor. #TrumpRussia #nonukesfortrump
I got a flu shot last yr. Free on ins per our plan. This year looking back, my ins was charged $1364.00. PER SHOT and we are a fam of 4.
But years of Democrat policy has brought us here. Resign your seat!
Thank you Senator. Im a single mom. Worked 2 jobs to make it. Still working 2 jobs now for retirement. Trying to keep from  being homeless.
I really wanted to do a cooking show but they made me wear a suit and talk news things. I just want to be happy again.
@RealDonaldTrump @HouseJudiciary @SenateFloor @SenateDems @seanhannity @LouDobbs @StarTribune @ABetterMN @MinnPost @MPRpolitics #MAGA #2A
I choose between #healthinsurance & food sometimes. #Disability is expensive not a tax deduction. I get no assistance spend all my $ on HC
Single payer??
Poorer countries have universal healthcare coverage and education
Seniors living on fixed Social Security income do it all the time. Worked hard my whole life thinking my twilight years were protected. NOT
Above all in the country that prides itself 4 being the greatest
Ok so what do you propose Alan
And They won't have to if you guys would get off your asses
Then why did you vote for Obamacare?
I'm sure the Drug Lobbyists are eating well tonight. 
#sad
Prehistoric @realDonaldTrump doesn't care what he says/does at this point in his life
And?
Right on Al ! 
No body should have to worry about getting help when needed anywhere never mind America.
Sad..my blood pressure med went from $4 to $18 at Walmart...so sad...
No Canadian has to.
ABSOLUTELY! Thank you Senator Franken for all you do. Franken for President 2020
You are absolutely right.
We should fortify everything we eat with  essential medications.
So very true, Senator!  That's exactly what I would be doing if I didn't have my health insurance thru the ACA.  Thank u for ur support!
But we do...get rid of the doughnut hole!
I managed entry level people for about 20 years and about 90% of the time I was looking for additional staff members. Get a job!
But they do....
Tax Reform A WEALTH BASED INCOME TAX SYATEM for $3.5 Trillion annual budget Corp pay 20% world income top10% wealth pay 80% next 25% pay 20%
Have you ever had to choose, Sen. Franken???...That's what I thought
I work 40 hrs/wk for the federal govt., have federal health insurance, and there have been times when I couldn't afford my prescriptions!!!
I've seen it dozens of times working as a RN the last 25 years.it was WAY worse before the ACA. I've actually bought food for my pts @ times
FAKE SENATOR!

WON WITH ILLEGAL VOTES!
Gee Your name sounds foreign! Maybe we should cross check you for illegal voting!
This may not be a problem if Congress cannot put some serious checks on the Executive.. Removing him as completely unfit works for me.
And then Trump was gonna take on PHARMA.  That lasted all of about 5 minutes. I've never seen such a quick cave. Pathetic.
@SenFranken I'm a Social worker with Medicare patients. All of them make this choice every day. 
Funny, we've been having these conversations for many, many years. Grandparents choosing between meals or meds. Absurd. Needs to change.
if thats true why do so many democrats resist #singlepayer?
I do. 
Al do you the $1300/mo for a crap 5k deductible HMO policy is OK? 40% of my tot. Income? ACA is horrific!
GOP would never allow fixes needed for the small % on exchanges. They just wanted to destroy anything w/ Obamas name on it! Kinda like now!
But we do...
You support @SenSanders single payer bill then right?
Yes, high deductibles or working families killing 80 thousand more people per year. @SenateMajLdr
When will congress work on prescription drugs prices?
Funny, you don't care one wit about ACA premiums and deductibles that your party caused.
Sounds great!  How do you pay for it without stealing money from others to pay for it? Get costs down. Gov owns drug rights, ppl save money
If insurance won't pay for it, I just do without. I "cherry-pick" what MD's, rx's etc on a per mo. basis.-Retired RN

A friend of mine gave up her meds to afford to send her son the preschool. Please do something about big pharma.
You probably meant to say "Pig Pharma."
Americans shouldn't have to pay a fine because they can't afford health insurance either. 
#SinglePayerNow
Oh Al, I'm w/you but really, this is nothing new. Been going on for decades. Medical ins is the problem. Profits run the show. Single payer!
Gotta get big pharma under control. How do other countries get cheaper meds than US. ? Insurance and big pharma out of control.
Al I love ya man, but the reality is its been that way for many Americans from coast to coast. This is not a new issue...single payer Al.
But once we're all vaporized, hardly matters. In case anyone survives, will nuclear fall out be a covered disease or preexisting?
I do it on a daily basis. Whether we SHLD or not,  there are more of us than you'd like to believe. Meds or food, bills or whatever. Reality
Please run for president, sir.
And yet we do, every damned day!
So what are doing about it
You should of thought of that a year ago when you knew Obamacare was a disaster. Now you are talking to the people on the ground. BS

no one should fear that after sending their child 2 school, they may never see them again. But that's the Trumpian  world we live in today
#BernieFranken2020
So what you guys going to do about it?
We've been doing it for years.  And guess what? I am an attorney with a master's degree.  I graduated magna cum laude. Yeah. Summa undergrad
You're right. Abolish Obamacare ! My wife's deductible is $4,000 and her rx $200 a month. Repeal and replace.
Why not? It will make them stop and think before they breed more humans.
Maybe someone with your soul sboulda had parents who stopped to think!
Please run for president!! Consider it a favor to the American people, Franken/Harris 2020, or in reverse, but some version if that #please
I don't believe anyone's saying they should??
Lost my sister 2.5 years of breast cancer... she could no longer work, lost her insurance, received the basic care, she Died! No One Cares!
I'm a caregiver for my 83 year old mother... We do it every month!!
*next POTUS? @SenFranken @grizatlcp
Actually when all the dust settles it will likely be Orrin Hatch
Yeah because democrats want the government to pay for everything. Lol
Make it happen Al
@Rosie 
@morethanmySLE 
@RedTRaccoon 
@GovInslee 
@SenatorCantwell 
@PattyMurray 
@PattyArquette 
@RVAwonk 
@TheRickyDavila
@ResistanceParty
Will you please put your hat in the ring for 2020?
I agree, however my wife & I are in that situation. We live on social security, we are elderly & ill. This is NOT the country we grew up in
The problem is that most choices are between cigs tattoos entertainment illegal drugs booze or healthcarr
