Competing across state lines is a good thing. Are you crazy.  Oh, that is right. You guys passed the disastrous law in the first place.
Our healthcare was attacked by T KENNEDY in the 80's and obama last year.  Best  option that could happen is to get the Gov out healthcare
He is an evil man who is incredibly jealous of all Obama accomplished.  He cares for no one put himself.
#25thAmendmentNow 
#25thAmendmentNow
Single Payer Time!!!
Please tell me that Congress will stop this
Great time to propose SINGLE PAYER
Franken,  you're clueless.
I seriously doubt that Mr Franken.
Too bad he only cares about getting a win-no matter what cost to the American people. Just a despicable so-called "president" @POTUS
P.S. #25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendmentNow
25th says his cabinet must determine he is not qualified to be Pres. Remember that round table of love and thanks from his chosen few?
Yep. I know. Call it wishful thinking.
PLEASE.Take protest to next level. Arrange a vol. strike day where all of us march to ea of our state capitols.  A show of a million voices.
'Could undermine'??? I don't think so - it will undermine, no question of that
Stop saying could it will undermine health care for millions of Americans and caused increases dramatic increases
Stop him!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
DT is undermining the greatness of America.  He needs,to be relieved of duty.  His actions spit in the face of the consitution.
Let's see....who was it that said "if you like your plan, you can keep your plan"?
help us Al !!!
but his donors & senators who are in the insurers pockets couldn't be happier. They're getting even richer & that's what counts
It seems like all everybody ever does is just put out statements instead of getting rid of this lunatic trump!
This SOB knows his days are numbered, and is trying to undo every good thing Obama did before he goes.
RT That
Deja Vu. '44' has already done this.
President Trump’s new executive order could undermine our nation’s health care system & drive up costs for millions: https://sen.gov/VY87 
Repeal , nobody said replace , but the politicians. Obamcare was forced down our throats.
What you doing to stop him? @GOP sued Obama over #ACA you need to sue Trump & get an injunction to stop this order. This is evil!
What can We The People & Congress do to protect the ACA/salvage our HC system? Please do all you can to prevent him from sabotaging the ACA!
We need better leaders @NancyPelosi @SenSchumer are failing us! Where is @TheDemocrats leadership? #FixObamacare #ImpeachTrumpNow
thats #TrickleDownDon for ya
I'm scared to death...its just not literal yet
Well then, YOU need to do something, Mr Senator.
Stop him Al. I love your oversight. Help us with this.
He’s s child. We all know that!
Every effort to remove him needs to be expedited.
I advise taking a lesson from the Republicans the last 7 years, and have an alternative ready-to-go for when this inevitably hits the fan.
Are premiums not going up with obamacare? Seems hypocritical to me. Idk, I am no expert on this. Buying cross states should keep prices low?
#25thAmendment NOW
Can't pass legislation, but can sign his name to appear to be doing something. A sad man.
*will
Appeasement and pacifists allowed Hitler to stoke repressed Nationalism.  How is "playing to the base" any different?
25th Amendment.   What is taking so long?  Tyranny creeps until it pounces.  Reckless WH is out of control.
"could"?  It seems intended to do exactly that.
Get this grumpy old man out of this seat. He is not fit for office. What is taking so long. Disgusting individual! He is the face of evil.
#Impeach
So what are we doing sbout it?!! GOP parties. DEMS complain. Real people will be left to suffer the consequences.
I guess we on our way to being more like Russa every day.

Could? How about a real statement. Your not on SNL. If you have something to actually say I suggest you do that.
Trump is a freaking moron!! He is going to screw everything up. Health care, Foreign affairs and etc will be in disarray. 25th Amendment
Do Dems have an original thought or are you just lemmings who parrot what your leadership wants. Same wording from all. Fake and pathetic
Al, you know this can do huge damage to MN families.
Please fight it with everything you have. 
For some of us, lives will depend on it.
Find it hard to believe this does not affect the trump base! Will be interesting to see who is affected. Sad that health care is not a right
No guys like you do that please resign go back to Comedy
I also think u should go after Rand Paul. He was the one who worked w/trump exclusively to implode the ACA.
25A his ass!
It sucks, Al. Shame nothing will be done about it. Sorta like the gun situation or adequate relief for PR.  I love ya, Sugar Magnolia, but you're all feckless on the hill. And it's heartbreaking. #usa
The Breaking Apart of Obamacare https://m.theepochtimes.com/the-breaking-apart-of-obamacare_2217532.html … 
Three years after its implementation, the giant health care law is failing
Trump Signs Executive Order Increasing Choice and Competition in Health Care
Maybe, he does not care about anything except undoing Obama's legacy
I thought there were checks and balances in our system, where the hell are they???
Dems keep talking we keep resisting. Why isn’t he stopped??
Thank you for standing strong and using blue sheet to deny racist judge! You save us every day.
It's going to be lowering cause and you're going to be eating your hat
Repubs actively fuck up ACA and the. Point to its failures and complain. States where it's worst are ones who didn't expand. Horrific liars
That is his evil plan!  He is EVIL!  We need to remove him from office pronto!
Could?Could?
Then Impeach his ass
He's already trying to undermine the constitution and the law. He thinks he's above it all, the God-king.
How do we fight this?
Could or will?  Are you just complaining to remain part of the Democratic party?
What can we do?
I don't understand why Potus does not care about what he's about to do to so many baby boomers' health insurance.
Jen. Clue:  44 was an N word!

Yeah it's like that.
What do you plan to do about it?  Dems need to stop just expressing concern and making false promises.  Do something!
I'm sorry Obamacare already did that. Raised cost raised deductibles ..so high people won't go to Dr. Because they will get a bill. #liar
The GOP, including DT,  sneak these things on us; we have no chance to fight.
no could about it!
If the world ever doubted that there really could be an Anti-Christ, Trump is doing everything he can to convince them he IS the Anti-Christ
Don't you Congresspeople stay up after 10? Trump just pulled the subsidies for the ACA.Tomorrow he's ending the Iran deal.WE CAN'T TAKE THIS
Fight back now
Do Something!
#RussianSanctionsNOW #25thAmmendment
How do we put a stop to his incompetent behavior?
So stop it! #IMPEACH HIM!
WE THE PEOPLE OF THE United States have CLEARLY spoken that we are NOT for this. How r WE being silenced/DISMISSED
I guess that's what he wants to do. Cruel and callous, at the least.
When do MoC stop this dictatorship?
Please explain how increasing competition drives up cost?
What school did you go to or business did you run?
Let's fix this! His executive order is an effing mistake!!! Indeed, this presidency is a mistake and a farce, a real circus!
"Could"
good and forceful political messaging from our very competent dem leadership 
please stop him!!
Keep fighting!
And yet he keeps on keeping on...when will he be stopped
Cruelty
And @SenatorLankford thinks that’s just fine
Please, how do we stop him?  Trump is going to destroy us all.
President Trump’s new executive order is intended to undermine our nation’s health care system & drive up costs for million.

Fixed...
Oops, he didn’t know that. Never mind, it’s all about him.
Need a plan - whatever playbook we are using doesn't apply anymore.  We must take on the Kochs.
For the love of God & Country, please please get this %#¥@( out of Washington! He’s a priority 1 risk to America!
and ur plan? Oh way U don't have one
How can an executive order undo legislation?  Is that constitutional?
Wait, does the oath to defend the US Constitution include the preamble's goal to "promote the general welfare"? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Preamble_to_the_United_States_Constitution#Text …
Really just s smoke screen for ending the guarantee for pre-existing conditions.  Shame on Trump and his insurance buddies.
Mission accomplished!
Republican Congress has been killing the ACA from within for years. Trump is just better at it. How is lower benefits & higher price better?
The 25th is still an option!
Al, everything the @GOP does has that goal. You know what'd be really great? IF YOU WOULD STOP THIS and GET RID OF THEM. What's the delay?
Is this even a real, legal thing? TP signs a lot of papers with pimp and circumstance. How many have survived challenges?
Okay Senator. The time for cool, calm & collected is over. No “coulds” when “will” is the reality. Your constituents need u to defend them.
President Trump’s new executive order could stop the sun from coming in the morning, or could stop the birds from singing or could.....
Just because he was whining about Congress not doing it, he is stomping his feet and doing it himself. Give him hell, Al.
Then explain why Rand P was wagging his tail behind DJT as EO was signed? I really want to know as I hate what DJT is doing on other issues.

This needs to be explained in simple terms to the American People so they understand that the GOP is killing this country!
Study, evaluate, then sue for 3 1/2 more years then elect someone who works WITH people not against them.
No we can not endure this narcissistic, uncaring , evil man in this office for 3 1/2 more years. There is nothing to study. He is a con.
Sadly, he doesn’t care. He is set on undoing all things Obama
But his impeachment would remove him from office so let's pursue that and ignore the distractions.
This is truth don't be fooled Trump is chaos so unfit!
Wrong. Competition drives innovation and affordability.
pass it before we can see what’s in it!  You’re used to supporting programs which drive costs.  different , I get it.  #carpetbagger
Stop him. Somehow, just stop him! It will take decades to salvage America.
Your primary vote against your own constituency played a role in Trump’s WH http://win.Now  your concern kicks in.Sen Al Franken
We still remember the role Sen Al Franken played enduring Election.Some have forgot
#POTUS @realDonaldTrump is required by the Constitution to enforce laws enacted by Congress - not undermine the laws. What can be done?
So how is his EO legal?
Thought his job was to ‘uphold’ the laws of the land.
Probably should do something b/f he turns us all into charcoal. But thanks for the update.
Too bad Dem Leadership doesn’t have a good team that could hold press conference to get word out about daily disolving of USA
No kidding! U would think he is an inept Ahole that should be impeached.Just tweet the horror, no one is surprised.
Al Franken for President, 2020!
Amendment 25, section 4.
And what is gonna be done about it? Trump is thumbing his nose at Congress & killing ACA on his own.
But that’s obviously what the stock market and his supporters want. Sad
Trump should be arrested for contempt.
We need to start calling it Trumpcare
"We’ve never before had a president who used millions of the poor and sick as pawns like this. It’s just plain evil." — K Drum
And squeeze older citizens out of the workforce?  Employer's health care programs pegged to age?
Our http://Calif.city  just said their employees
health care went from $1200 a year to $12,000 a year.Is that even possible?
More tax:/
No, no one has ins for $1200 a year!
Then fight it @SenFranken take it to court, impeach him, stage a coup. We are all tired of having a racist dumbass in the WH.
Why hasn’t he been stopped yet? Why is a man so obviously unfit for the office of POTUS still in the White House?
It's now Trumpcare, He owns it, as do the GOP in congress. Tens of thousands attended town  halls, marched and this "president" ignored us.
His soul is black from ego, selfishness and #corruption
Of course it could, Senator Franken.  You know the saying...the rich get richer, the poor get screwed.  Something like that.
Pretty sure that's his blatant intent.
His plan is brilliant and there's no way you a hole politicians can get your filthy hands on it.
It cuts you out of controlling our health.
Please .  Can’t someone stop this fool ????
Al @SenFranken & other Sens can do their jobs and pass legislation to improve ACA, a bill that has hospital profits & my premiums both up
Prior to ACA I paid $800/mo/$10K deductible. No insurance at all. Now I pay $200 with 10% deductible since they can't gouge me for precon.
All of you must take action ASAP to protect the people. .! He’s a dangerous man who has no regard for Americans. Time to get serious..
Could? Don't you mean is intended to and most definitely will?
#25thAmendment
You mean like tha ACA drive cost up for the millions of middle class?
He does not care, Congress needs to take action.
Impeach this prick. When families begin to die there will be a nasty in the streets
Costs were skyrocketing LONG before Trump came on the scene.
could?!?!  Like 100% will.
That's the point 
I  am fairly  sure Trump  is the antchrist.
Gather your “troops “ and do something about this! Enough of the talking, comments etc. This country needs to be saved before it’s too late!
No it can't! Stop lying to American public! Free market will bring down prices for hard working Americans
Could? It's already driving up my premiums
#Trump #Mercer #Koch believe if they can trip up ANY consensus-arrived common solution (ACA)- they can preserve their place in society. #GOP
Trump and the GOP could not care any less Al.  Please run for President.
Can you (legislators) do something? Try...
That’s the point: drive up costs, damage coverage, then blame it on Obamacare. Trump is a real asshole.
The Breaking Apart of #Obamacare https://theepochtimes.com/the-breaking-apart-of-obamacare_2217532.html … Three years after its implementation, the giant health care law is failing
Trump Signs Executive Order Increasing Choice and Competition in Health Care
Backdoor way of hurting the ACA.
The old and sick are too expensive for profit-making.
They Don't Care!!!!
We'll have a lot of cheap plans with little coverage and many out of pocket expenses. #Trumpcare
In all honesty, how does he get away with it? Congress denied the repeal so many times, how can he just swipe the pen and get away with it?
These are serious issues for us but I believe there is a more pressing issue. The security of our Country with Trump as POTUS.
Please let us in on the details. Sick of my party's generalities. This is why Hillary lost. Bland statements
THEY don't care. It won't effect THEM. 
Yes, which is why Congress needs to start challenging the EOs. POTUS is undermining your job. Been happening for years 
That’s his plan.
But isn't that exactly the aim? Crush the health care system so Republicans can run yet again on 'failing Obamacare'.  Sickening. Literally.
Lemme check with Paul Ryan and see if he cares....
