Latest health care repeal bill in U.S. Senate could end up costing Minnesota billions. http://strib.mn/2flkSTZ  
If we are a democracy and a huge and growing percentage of the populace is against this, how can we be overruled by 51 heartless people?
"If we are a democracy" is an assumption from deep antiquity. The phrase likely harkens to 1790 or so.
we remain a representative democracy.  I wasn't questioning that fact.
you should be.
no.  Our Constitution stands.  This current malady will be removed like a cancer.  The body has integrity waiting for that
never mind Trump. With CitizensUnited, the Constitution is about as good as a "SPEED LIMIT 55" sign on a NASCAR track.
@StarTribune 
SERIOUSLY AL FRANKEN WHY DONT YOU CONSDER RUNNNG FOR PRESIDENT?!
STOP DEMURNG AND LOOK INTO IT NOW!
@ClemensRobin
Thank you for standing up to this bill. Don't get sidetracked by talking about single payer..now is not that time. Incrementalism is ok.
Agreed! It distracts from getting a healthy bipartisan fix to the ACA. There are other approaches that are more likely to work with repubs
Love u
Please run for President of the United States. Your country, nay, the WORLD needs you!
Please stop Bernie.  The debate would be GC-bill or Bernie's single payer with increase taxes Not ACA.
We need the extreme left version to scare the GOP into compromising and fixing the ACA. They are scared.
Lindsey Grahm on recent msnbc interview: "There is no bipartisan solution to health care that fundamentally changes ... "
From my special needs daughter & I in MN - thank you! Vote NO Graham-Cassidy bill.  #norepeal #medicaidsaveslives
The Republicans have finally showed their true colors. They're willing to kill so their friends can get richer and say we killed ocare!!
Funding cuts???  You mean less tax revenue taken from Americans.  You act like this cash  is falling from the sky.
Thank you for supporting us here in MN!!
Thanks for your continued support of affordable health care!
There's no basis for your assertion, Senator. It's a liberal talking point, nothing more. You don't want states having more control. Say it.
We must keep fighting.
Dems afraid to let state govern. States that know their people which Feds do not!
All remember this. "You can keep your doctor, period." You voted for Obamacare and it is in s death spiral & you did nothing to fix it.
Honestly, I think we can figure it out. Nobody wants to leave North Dakotans without some sort of coverage. We take care of our own.
I can't afford it as is.
Kind of like Obamacare did but now there won't be a penalty to pay.
No to mention w/o fed protections, ins Co will leave states req coverage of pre exist cond due to profitability issues.
GOPs don't get that this is LIFE & DEATH they're playing with as they work on TAX CUTS for Donors threatening the piggy bank is closed!!

Makes my heart ache, our country has lost it's way...  We the people indeed... *smh
Do you ever consider how to control and reduce costs to real tax payers? U never talk about that. Spend with no care for who u take it from
Keep fighting for us Sen Franken! And please get the imbecile & his idiots out of the White House NOW!!!
Seems like the GOP is targeting Dem states. Really hideous and cruel. And lying about it makes it even worse.

Tell Lindsey TJ said for him to "Eat Shit and Die.!"  @SenateGOP  @SenateMajLdr @CNN @MSNBC @FoxNews
This country favors the young, healthy and wealthy! Ridiculous! Give 'em hell Al!
Al , when was the last time you solved a problem without taking more money from avg hardworking Americans ?
But Texas will get more money, maybe Alaska and Maine.... great legislation when you have to bribe senators to vote for it. 
Cassidy=LIAR. Thought he was in full support if Jimmy Kimmel Test? LIAR
#ProtectOurCare #StayStrong and #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
@SenJohnMcCain @SenSanders @SenWarren @SenSchumer @SenFeinstein Please conxvince Your Senate colleagues to vote NO on #GrahamCassidyBill
Yes. It would be a huge step back.
We can't afford Graham-Cassidy. Please, keep fighting the good fight.
Bullshit
IF the damn thing passes.
I don't understand why the states that expanded Medicaid are receiving less money. Is that some kind of penalty?
Fight Graham-Cassidy bill, but suspend discussion on single-payer healthcare until AFTER September 30. Don't convolute issue.
OK OK . WE GOT THAT . UR REBUTTAL GETS PLENTY TENSION . HOW BOUT U KIDS SHOW US A LIL BCK 4TH N A LIVE TELEVISED DEBATE . HOLD ON AL CNN MON
Al, I don't have stats. Who would #GrahamCassidy benefit or is it only a benefit to aggregate budget line item? Does anyone benefit? Thanks
@GOP have platinum insurance paid for by tax payers. Will they keep their Cadillac insurance while taking it away from millions?
@SenateGOP if #GrahamCassidyBill passes it must apply to the senate and house members as well!
As with the nation.
A real disaster Al, a beneficiary of a rigged primary using same machines in General stealing 3mil votes for her pop lead & 3rdPty public $.
Proof?
When did it become the Federal governments place to take care of someone's insurance? It shouldn't. Pay for your own like I do.
You're very lucky to have it. For those who don't, they get no preventive care, get very ill, and end up in the emergency room.
And? That makes them MY RESONSIBILITY? NO!!!!!
Ok
Al, what happened to 'if u like your plan u can keep it.' & 'premiums will go down $2500.' U r a liar.
Why would elected officials pass such a bill that hurts millions of Americans? Why Senator Franken? This is not the America we know & love.

Our reps see this and say, 'Let's cut healthcare, put $80b more in the military, and never pass an infrastructure bill. That'll fix it!' 
What can MN do? I know you guys are voting against. Call our reps?
Wish you could call my reps. I’m in Iowa. Grassley and Ernst are party-line all the way no matter how much we say #noGrahamCassidy
Do senators realize their vote is not just for their state but for the millions of others who will lose HC?
This is what you get when money runs a political party.
Yes
I have several friends of mine challenging me on this. Can you tell me where you got your info Please?
It is like smallpox.
