#FrankenWarren2020
Are the non religious/ secular / Atheist citizens of your state going to be represented?
beat me to it by 13 seconds
@InSpiteOfTrump Good luck with that!
Thank you, future excellent POTUS
Hey Al

You're one of the best, bro ! 
This is much needed.   Leaders need to bring people together and represent the whole state
Um...maybe work to get rid of "faith"? It's the biggest divider and creator of harm in the world.
How I wish you were my senator instead of Rubio !
I would happily trade. Franken is a fraud and hypocrite
I hope one day I can call you mr president.
Thank you for showing leadership in uniting our country!  It'll take faith & prayer to unite America.  Let's build on the heroes in Houston
You're a good man Al!
Are you planning to denounce the terrorist activities of Antifa recently in Berkeley?  Are you aware of them since no reporting in MSM?
They all need to denounce the racism from Trump.. there's no in between here..
who cares
Please run for Pres please!!
God bless you
Maybe ask these so-called faith leaders to call out Trump.
Sanders 2020
Thank you Sen. Franken for the work you do! Sincerely, Joellen Megan  Iowa City Iowa!
Sorry, Sen Al, I've loved you for 2 decades but honoring disgusting "ppl of faith" is a big mistake. They are hypocrites & greedy manipultrs
Al it sounds like more idle talk from you. You are the master of pandering you fraud.
Please run for pres. Also, please find a way to bring back Pete Tagliani. Although probably not simultaneously.
20+% of the population is agnostic/atheist. Don't forget us.
THANK YOU
So?
Please run in 2020. You'll get all 3 votes in my house!

fake news
That is great! Bet it feels good to know they are willing to meet with you. Some folks are having a little trouble in that area.
Ridiculous. Why is religion involved in government work?
Please don't forget those of us who are not superstitious and follow no "faith".
Seeing all the people you meet with in your state; you are a great inspiration for what is possible. Our reps in UT could learn a thing or 2
You might think differently if you met him or saw him in action. Complete fraud.
Thank you!
Good luck, with Fox et al ......I've never seen so many Republicons hating on liberals in my life
Thank you
Senator Franken, thank you for showing the nation what true leadership can be!  You make our beautiful country say, "I LIKE ME!"
Wish I could be there .
You are a good man. I know I will never see @RoyBlunt do this.
Thanks Al. Totally appreciate it.
Thank you for the work you do as my senator. It's greatly appreciated


So we just gonna pretend the  4th amendment doesn't exist anymore
Maybe ask them to pray for Trump's impeachment?  Please?
Now that's how a leader acts
Will there be transcripts or streaming available?
Please ask them how and when they would open their doors to people in need. Like when we came together for 35.
DENOUNCE ANTIFA OR YR PROMOTION OF UNITY & TOLERANCE IS JUST ONE MORE OF YR JOKES, MISTER!
How bout unifying the Progressive and Centrist Dems too....
And the fact that you are running for President??
Maybe you could take some of your @gop colleagues so they can learn what civil discourse is all about.
How about "practice what you preach" events? Living their faiths together, like MN hotdish potlucks w/ religious theme that's multireligious
Pls ask them to open their churches for shelter during disasters.
Al what are you doing about trump?? Daily objective should be his impeachment!!
Any atheists, agnostics or humanists in that group? If not, might be smart to start including them.
We show up at these things, too!

'I will get Putin on this…we will get Donald elected,' emailed Trump's mobbed-up homie Felix Slater in 2015 https://boingboing.net/2017/08/28/i-will-get-putin-on-this.html … 
Here's a picture of US police. Should we judge these guys for their attire as well or does that not fit your agenda?
Article 25 would go a long way to promoting unity.
Could u pray for impeachment? Asking for a friend...
Personally, I never pray for selfish things. It's OK to pray for impeachment tho as America is in peril.
Ask them what their places of worship would do in the wake of a disaster. #JoelOsteen
Will @JoelOsteen be there, oh wait a minute he will be at home counting his money
President Al. Keep that in mind. You'd be great And you would be funny. How bad can it be?
Religion is at the root of most hate and intolerance in the world...but good luck with that.
Do you condemn Antifa, or are you in favor of violence when it's used by your side?
