I hope that all of the @SenateDems join you as well as 3 GOP senators as Sessions is NOT fit to be AG!
why?
because that would mention Bigot Sessions would not be AG.
and your evidence of bigotry.  That's all Dems have. I support police.. oh your a biggit..
trump troll he's got a court cases against him for his bigotry! Blocked because you're lack of facts!
ya back in 1973 blah blah blah snowflake.
Al is the best. Every time ppl start yammering on about Smalley, I know they are willfully ignorant.

I'm shocked...shocked, I tell you!
Thank you! Proud that you are my senator!!!

Thank you.
counting on you and other sane Senators.
Way to go Sen. Franken!  There is a better choice for ALL Americans!
he will be confirmed. Funny there are a lot of pics etc with Blk Americans saying what a grey guy he is.
Thank you, Sir!
Thank you, @SenFranken
I agree!He tried very hard 2 fool Americans&we didn't bite!The most nonexclusive cabinet ever.showed his true agenda in his selection!SAD!
Go back to SNL.  As a Democrat, aren't you *allowed* to think or speak for yourself?
Sen Cruz showed you and fellow Dems are not concerned with the rule of law. Can u name a few individual reasons? In 84 he said?
I admire you being up front with these clowns! Friday is a mourning day for our Country! Keep the Fight! Thank you!
@justinhendrix if he is confirmed, the Senate might get Luther Strange as his appointee. That would not be good

thank you
thank you
Way to go Al!
again no answers. Oh and Cruz questions made you look like Stuart Smart all over again..
@ThomasB00001 thank you Senator
I'm relieved you've come to that conclusion. Thank you 

@gingwing23 God Bless!  I always knew you were a reasonable man!
He's a racist. He only protects rich white people
Now that is being honest!!!!!
Sessions is off-the-charts wrong for the job.
@thepoliticalcat a Thank you, Senator.
Thank you, Senator Franken!
all Americans who cares? we are talking about the United States not the Americas get it right.
Yea~ Thank you Sen. AL Franken you are right. Sessions is a nightmare to most of us!
thanks
Loved watching you burn Session's britches!
AL FRANKEN CLAIM TO FAME IS HIS SHORT DISASTROUS STINT ON SNL
"@SenFranken: How can election be declared illegitimate, stolen, void and then a new vote called? Please answer.
@Ericimlaw Please reject him, &Tillerson too. Tillerson will put Exon over American lives. Clearly lied under oath in hearings!
reject him esp since it's being reported that DJT is thinking re stopping sanctions
Yep. Thanks 4 adding that. A blind man could see Tillerson is 4 Russia/Exon; not us. Reject!!!
I won't watch that garbage show or channel that supported and enabled evil Russian traitor Trump, but I support you, Mr. Franken
@Sunnysgrl62 thank you so much
Thank you
@thepoliticalcat he will govern for the 40percent and screw the rest of us. No voter protection, no pushback on lousy cops,etc
Right decision. I applaud you.
@jason4e 
Thank you so much
Thank you, Senator.
thank you finally someone who can speak in complete sentences
@bluedillygal Thank You AL Franken Minnesota
@JennaLeeTV  Awesome!
@jeffreyhayden great position. Hope a few Republicans join you for the sake of AMERICA.
I agree. He may represent Alabaman's, but he doesn't represent America
  
That's because You're used to AG Lynch being the attorney general for the Clintons!!  The Phoenix Deal!!
that's right senators. If you don't stand for something. You'll fall for anything?
@Martina yes!
You spouted a bunch of falsehoods written by a man, who has already been debunked. Old news AL.
You are a comedian, not a Politician. You don't have the knowledge to make an intelligent observation about Sessions.
@Morning_Joe
thank you, Senator, for your questions during the hearing & this vote. U r serving us well 
Thank you.
Thank you, Sen Franken.
especially ALL Americans
Thank you Senator Frankin for following your conscience!
@StevePasquale Agreed. He shouldn't have even been considered.
after careful consideration, we Deplorables think you are as bad a Senator as you were a comic.
Of course you're right, Senator - but we all know these bad choices will be confirmed anyway...right?
@BeautyBind 
The honest assessment
Bravo and yashir koach, Senator. I count on you to stand against all of these loathsome appointees and GOP's despicable  agenda.
@bshelly24  You think? I was raised in Los Angeles. As far as I'm concerned, Alabama's idea of justice ain't all that just.
If Trump foes form a huge group they're safer bec Trumpsters can't assassinate EVERY one of them...
He is not up to the task of even being an AMERICAN. WHAT kind of people votes foŕ him
If he was not up to the task while Reagan's presidency, he is not up to the task now.  Please keep fighting for us, thank you.
Right On, Senator Franken!
NO he is NOT> Trump and his advisors did NOT look close enough to the Senator records. Who is was then, he is now.
good job Al Franken !
Thank you Senator, someone has a moral compass and good old fashion guts to do what's right.
@csdPagan Your being nice SenFranken
Thank you for standing up for what's right #TheResistance
Thank you.
yes trump should nominate Whoopi Goldberg or DeGeneres to make sure LGBTQ rights are protected
@HEINSLERJAN senator Franken hang in there you are appreciated and beloved and best - trusted :)))
@Varidienne We know that, how in the fu*k are you going to stop it ¿
@karindann please do the right thing for the American people,  our children's future is in your hands
He will be for white ones in a sheet. Otherwise he is like Trumps supporters. I would vote a resounding NO !
@lucy_lee243 thank you #NotALegitimatePresident
History will remember those who stood up and did the right thing during this shitstorm and those who kept their mouths shut #hypocrites
And slowly the real patriots begin to stand up and do the right thing. Thank you Sen. Franken
Marched as a teenager for my parents to get the right to vote.  Snakes shed skin... still a snake.  No to sessions
THANK YOU
Thank You !!
Thank you Senator and I completely agree
THANK YOU.
@gamzorzzz libaturd  @TomWellborn who RT @SenFranken, the POS who is in the Senate thru voter fraud is judging Sessions! Dumb liberal!
Let's hope @marcorubio follows suit. Surely he will see how damaging  falling in line will be. Prove yourself Presidential.
Thank you Al! 
I agree with you 100% if he was not confirmed as a federal judge why in the hell would we confirm him now with his racism...**!
So you're saying, "He's not good enough, not smart enough, & dog-gone-it people hate him!" I couldn't resist, love ya Al
You're Batting 1,000 Senator, Correct again, Refreshing to see Honesty and Truth.
Thank You!  You did the Right thing, Sessions is not for equal anything. Did Great!  You are Appreciated
I support you in voting against Sessions.
stay strong
no, he is not. He's a racist.
Thank you Senator!
@reder01 Thank u Senator Franken!
thank you #AllOurRights
Thank you sir, you are a credit to all Americans.
#RESISTANCE
@LorenzoLopezMer thank you for your truthful assessment!
we wouldn't be in this situation if your super delegate vote went to senator Sanders.  Explain how he wins MN but you vote HRC?
Thank You!!
It would be like putting a fucking Flat Earther in charge of NASA.
@Stephm717 your a good man Al
Thank you. AL shut down DMVs in counties w/sizeable black pop. so no access to IDs to vote. Sessions treats VRA & racism as past
@SicTransit34 thank you!
Thank you Al Franken!!
very diplomatic but don't be afraid just to say "HELL NO!" 
Thank you for protecting the voiceless. We will stand with you!
@IndivisibleGA11  excellent conclusion @jeffsessions is not fit to be AG #RESISTANCE
Anyone defending Russia is a traitor. I#Countryfirst
 thank you Sen. Franken! #Resist
Thank you!  Glad you are my senator.
thank you Senator Franken!
thank you
Thank you we wont forget
Thank you.
thank you!
@conniejimjoe Thank you!
way to go senator now that's standing up that's what heroes are made of
thank you! Wish I had a sen like you here in Arkansas, hell wish I had a democrat senator period!
, put another way, and with due respect to @SenatorSessions, he is up to the task to be Attorney General for *some* Americans.
agreed!! #TWWUSA #NoSessions
you don't like sessions but you were down like a clown for Robert KKK Byrd. Nice
@DearAuntCrabby Agreed Mr Franken! 
You got that right.
Or, after careful consideration of Senator Sessions' record, I don't think he's up to the task of being an AG for any American.
Maybe Jefferson Beauregard Sessions needs just that . SESSIONS. 
THERAPY SESSIONS.
fabulous
Thank you, @SenFranken.
Thank you for seeing truth & exacting justice! MLKJr. would be proud.
Thank you, Sen Franken.
Thank you. Sessions will make poor AG who will not serve the interests of all Americans.
@NormOrnstein good. But did you really have to go on morning weirdo to announce this?
Thank you @SenFranken   Neither do I.
It take me that long but  happy we agree.
LOL, Franken you can't even say that with a straight face! Senator Sessions top class for ALL Americans and you know it!
Thank you @SenFranken for your political and ethical courage. All citizens who chose #TheResistance will remember.
Thank you very much! @SenFranken 
You're the Greatest!
@bren_wagner Thank you Mr Franken. Now what are we going to do about the Emperor with no clothes?#notsurprised
thank you sir!
thank you
Thank you
@MSNBC 
Thank you for your negative Sessions vote. He is not psychologically or mentally suited to be AG of the U.S.
@pixy711eleven -Thank u sir.Sessions is a rascist dinosaur with potential 2 destroy 50 years of social advancements.
@dale_callihan Totally agree. Thank you, Senator.
Thank You
Please! No Sessions for AG! He does not represent the interests of a majority of Americans.
@DevinGoldenberg Thank you, Sen. Franken!
Thank you for choosing to vote no on Sen. Sessions.
Ah, ya think?!!!!! 
@NormOrnstein Thank you Senator Franken.
man the SMART people  like you got things  so messed I don't thank it can be fixed  pray for trump
Stop Sessions please.
After careful consideration, you are still a joke. Amazing you are still a senator. Chuck telling you what to do? #spineless
@NormOrnstein Gotta love your mastery of the understatement, Senator!
Back in the day this type of Senator behavior didn't exist. People wonder why the country is so divided.
thank you senator franken.  sorry so many of your republican collegues have lost their balls and their morality.
the state of Minnesota is lucky to have you Senator
@NormOrnstein Thank you Sen. Franken for standing up for all Americans. Most agree, Sessions would NOT protect all of us.
Comedic talent for understatement hasn't been washed away yet.  Good.  You're going to need it.
Thank you for looking out for all Americans by not voting to support a known racist for a cabinet position.
@NormOrnstein Thank you!
Dems need to be unified in opposition!
Thank you Senator!
@NormOrnstein Senator, thank you. You are one of the best. Appreciate all your efforts.
@NormOrnstein Yes, but Sen. Sessions would make a terrific Nazi or Klansman in a movie.
Many don't think Franken is up to being a Sen he is. It's called freedom to choose what the people want  we want Sessions
@NormOrnstein Agreed.  He shouldn't even be in the Senate.
Thank you, Al Franken!
Thank you. In addition to his other failings he is just out of touch w/Americans. Avg age of trump cabinet 63.5 old white men.
The Rich can take care of themselves. People in Gov should have as a goal to speak for those who can't.
why because Jeff will prosecute @johndoerr @algore and @RepHuffman for the Bloomdoggle?  @LaceyLafferty @Tesla_X
