I recently intro'd Affordable College Textbook Act, which will help improve college affordability by expanding use of free online textbooks.
Glad to see @mndailynews agrees that this bill will help keep more money in students’ pockets.
I don't think my girl has purchased one new book; borrowing or buying used. We couldn't afford it otherwise and all of us work.
It's time for textbooks to go paperless.
In my son's case, the textbooks for college classes were not even opened the whole semester & when he went to sell them back, got far less
Try using http://bigwords.com   we'll show you offers from all of the websites that will buy your books. Just pick the best offer. 
Thank you very much!!
Yes!  My sons 1st semester he needed a book for 1 class that cost $ 250.00 !!!!!!!
Outrageous!
Move to the Netherlands where they are free.
Careful what you ask for. We might all get to the point where we take you up on that, en masse....
I’ve started a Bcorpfor self teaching digital textbooks,decrease cost by 90%, & allow teachers to “assemble” books, not Texas School Board.
Along with the digital copies
And universities only allow students to use financial aid to buy them from school bookstores where they're most expensive.
Agreed!!! I risk my job by letting my students get the last semesters edition used.
There's a whole big story about textbooks--cost, who publishes, who chooses. Better call Betsy.
Keep printing money to loan kids for college and the schools will keep finding ways to take it... no surprise they all lean left!
Al. That's one of the big fu's from academia. I'm still paying down my texts from 20 years ago. so many scams associated with this product.
When I was takingclasses towards  Master's degree in 2014- one semester of books cost close to $2000
You and me both. It's absolutely ridiculous! Selling them back to the bookstore at the end of the semester was a joke. Cost, mix of new/used = $1866. Sold back to issuing campus bookstore with almost no visible wear & tear or highlighting? $274!!!
Look at who owns the textbook publishing companies.
This is terrible!
Absolutely, I spent hundreds of dollars of financial aid on textbooks every semester, money that should have gone to paying the bills.
Duh!!!!!Tablets for all.... isn't that obvious?   Stop killing the trees and retrain the workers
In a perfect world, I agree. Students with a wide variety of mental health issues, learning or neuro-/developmental disorders have difficulties with virtual books, however, for various reasons. Paper textbooks still need to be available, and affordable.
I'm sure we could print a few copies if we had to. People have to understand we have to grow and change it is the nature of life
It's not a matter of being resistive to change. It has to do with ability to focus and process. Thus my comment(s). Legislators need to understand the needs that are out there when crafting solutions.
Word.
Finished law school recently and perhaps the most egregious thing was my property prof making us buy the book she cowrote w her husband...
It is a scam. Profs help raise costs by announcing texts late so students don't have time to shop around.
Why are there textbooks?
Even used books are just as expensive as a new unused book. WTH!
It just keeps getting worse, hate it, higher education costs are out of control and keep getting worse.
Gov gty student loans and no cap on supply.  Colleges know the game and are reaping in the rewards of easy money.
And a shit load more than that in the last 3 decades, Al.
#EndTuition
Also "new" editions with few if any substantive changes reduce pool of used textbooks on the market, so publishers can sell more new books.
Previous tweet in reference to primary education. College texts are another big story, different pov.
The people must learn that revenue is required to fulfill our aspirations as a nation. It is not a burden. It is the protection we seek, the roads we drive, the education and equal opportunitys we want for our children.
I remember my widowed Mother having to pay for my highschool text books. It's not easy for people with limited assets.
Research journal cost will put this country in a bind in about 10 years if the publishers monopoly is not broken.
Just heard a story about it on All Things Considered today.  Too many roadblocks for students.
Textbooks have long been a SCAM for college students. In the 80's, t'bks were constantly revised, at times needlessly, and we had to.....
...fork over precious resources to get required editions....tough times for a single mom...
Senator, please save our country. I truly believe that only humor, intelligence and integrity can save our democracy. Dark times must end:(
With respect for your great work on this and so many issues, textbooks are getting phased out on many campuses.   Tuition is out of control and when I hope you can focus energy. #franken2020
Yet minimum wage is stagnant, which sets the stage for all wages. Who's pocket are the textbook producers in? This country is going to shi*!
Such a racket. I'm teaching out of a Ninth Edition. Our bookstore sells the 13th Edition. Same content, updated pictures.
Those damn text books! Who needs 'em?
You want to move to Kansas?  I'll vote for you!  Lol
Our Grandaughter just paid $650.00 for books for the first semester- that's awful.
Well, let's just jump right on that!
And they're already out of date 80% quicker than a decade ago. Major text book publishing is such a racket.
My kiddos books were $800 this semester & most of those were rented. 
Often written by the Professor requiring them here in Tn.
I have an idea-work on his impeachment gotta be like oh I don't know 1,000 reasons-surely you people cld find a way
I worked in a bookstore. I saw one for over a thousand dollars. The student who needed it broke into tears. This is insanity.
And?????
And are being ruined by science deniers....
Scam....professors conspire with publishers to push different editions...basically the same content..also the access codes for digital books
I think it’s a racket. Sometimes there are almost no changes between editions - minor words or different problem sets.
https://open.umn.edu/opentextbooks/ 
This is not overlooked in many institutions of higher education. There’s an open source movement at many colleges & universities.
And were frankly, preposterously expensive for decades before that!
Thank you! It’s really a racket. New version of same book every year. Often over $100. You know this I’m sure because you actually care.
Is this also true for electronic textbooks?
We have had to personally but them because of shortages in Elk River School District!  Such a shame
I’ve been out of school 13 years... and I have to agree
This is so true. Have one in college now ! And one that graduated!
And they are very often written by the professors who then make them required for their students.
Captive Audience, or Student treatment equal to Peasants of old.
That sucks – please save our healthcare!!!
Yes & parent student loans 6% interest rate?
Again please run for President
The worst is when your professor was the one who wrote the book, requires you to buy it and then never even has you crack it open!
My kids could always buy used books. They don’t even have those anymore. 
That's their whole business model! Same book in other countries is way cheaper.
Yes and everyone of those books could and should be free and continually updated online.
While in college I purchased a human biology textbook, for $125, before the semester was over it was obsolete.
Who knew the human body evolved so fast?! 
Very true!!
Hmm, Obama's legacy.He actually is a pussy with the balls of a little tiny bunny rabbit.ACA's a GOP plan no one likes & now this.
So has everything else. Except wages of course. Those are decreasing
Students aren't buying them. They're downloading for free. Now no one gets paid. Charge fair prices and make >$0 or push kids to steal.
What are these book things you speak of  and why aren't we in the paperless age yet? Try this instead - no more text books in college
And, tuition for my 1st semester was $150.  It's no wonder graduates struggle to pay back student loans.
Back in the Stone Age, when I went to college here in La Crosse, WI, we were loaned our text books from the library.
While I agree that textbook prices are outrageous, the bigger issue is what to do with the enormous student debt burden. We need a larger policy to bring down the cost of college and reduce debt and we need it now.
Unscrupulous publishers profit from public funding for education. Books can cost more than tuition, and basic texts are single use.
Why r the smart guys also the funny guys? There is nothing funny about Trump or DeVos
There's nothing funny about 400million after him about SOMETHING? Then maybe half of them falling off and fihhting one another? popcorn!
2 years at Normandale = 20 grand in debt and that still didn't cover everything for my kid. And that's consider "cheap". THIS IS WRONG.
How come no one ever calls it a "war on education"? And if they do call it that, they need a PR person because I've never heard it.
And they were as expensive as shit a decade ago too! Thanks!
I had to pay $400+ for a book and "CD" we used only once. And my professor was the author! 
Many students don't even buy them anymore and just try to get through class without them. It's awful - thanks for addressing it!
No kidding. Daughters textbooks 1 year at U OF I, $1900.00. She studied 1 year at university economics Prague, $17.00 for textbooks.
Is it because they have trees in the Czech Republic? I'm pretty sure that that's not a viable explanation
You always made me chuckle. Electronic textbooks, same ones she used at U of I. All she needed in her book bag was her laptop.
Think i'd be willing to pay  $1,900 each for some of these kids who aren't even mine to get an education... or Trump if he could read
Sweet
Students are better off downloading one as a pdf and copying the file!  Lol
A primary fear of returning back to school.
Why books ? Give them all tablets.
Yet military tuition assistance doesn't help our service members pay for books or fees which are also on the rise in many states.
Rip offs in an electronic era.  Similar to oil, they are going to bilk us because they have an obsolete product that's being forced on us.
Man, you need to get that nut job out now. He is destroying everything that makes America great. Leaving PR to fend for themselves. ACA EO.
Franken and Booker 2020!!!
Many textbooks at comm. college level have code-protected electronic content. Great for profs, but students can't buy used or resell.
Buying and sellingof textbooks to students always was, and still is, a scam.
Sen.Franken, with all due respect,textbooks won't be important after the apocalypse. Can you PLEASE do something to get trump out of office?
Also, I rent textbooks and they are very reasonable.
Not necessarily possible w all books. Wasn't for me in law school bc "new" editions released every year. But yeah rent when you can!
Scam
Monopoly and big business
True! It’s a total racket! Do you have solutions?
Funny, I was just thinking about this problem this morning.  Two in college in MN next year.
we need to walk away from the publishers that have been gouging students for years.
Please run for president!!!!
HS Books first purchased by Texas. As they are now discounted, all other states take advantage of the discount. Fire those administrators.
Yes - so ridiculous
One of the biggest rip-offs. Accounting hasn't changed yet every class required a new book. Someone's getting rich
Check out http://Oercommons.org  :-)
My youngest is in HS and has a 50'50 ratio for online textbooks vs hardbound textbooks.
Overlooked?  Are you serious?  How many students need to complain for years before something counts as "looked at" in your book lmao...
and if anything, they should be getting much cheaper in the digital age....they should be mostly electronic.
Can we make a law prohibiting being required to purchased books written by prof that aren’t used in class and unrelated to subject?
Would also help prevent professors who write their own textbooks from requiring new versions almost every semester to sales of their books.
at $200 if you want class required assignments, Books aren't for the kids, they screw the kids.
And colleges could actually have the bulk buying power to drive down prices
They are probably the ones raising the prices!  Not necessarily the publishers.
And no use buying used, one word different edition from 2 years ago won’t work.
Last semester’s book won’t do
Shouldn't colleges be responsible for providing textbooks to their students? Students already pay so much...
Thank you for thinking about the small manageable details that contribute to larger problems that cause hopelessness. Small steps still help
W/ E tablets, this is remarkable. I paid MUCH for Pounds of College Texts. (And profs who profited from requiring their own books be used.)
Al, you noticed that too. When I was in college, World Civ book cost $12.95 new, found pristine copy for $8.95, now they maker you buy new
And the profs change books all the time.  It's a racket.
Jeez...they were WAY overpriced 30 years ago
Text books have always been expensive. That's why we all bought used ones.
Pearson and Follett have monopolies.

And football stadiums... colleges are farm leagues for the NFL
Outrageous expense!
