#Medicaid is critical to her mom’s nursing home care. Even though she and her husband work full-time, they cannot afford care her mom needs.
I also heard from nursing home resident in Moorhead who said GOP plan isn’t about taking care of people but about “survival of the fittest.”
GOP bill "would reduce spending on Medicaid by $800+ billion, the largest single ↓ in a social insurance program in our nation’s history.”
Medicaid cuts wouldn’t just hurt MN, they’d hurt people across the US. I'd urge all of my colleagues to read this:
This. If a terminally ill man loses insurance under AHCA he has nothing to lose by taking those he seems responsible with him.
MAGA
This is so wrong, to keep people in this constant anxiety for months now. Shame on the @gop for putting their greed ahead of people's lives!
The repubs are always for the wealthy and corps! people constantly think they're rich enuf to b uppity repubs! it will hurt them every Time!
Not true.
What's not true American Atheist?
As someone with a rare disease having my Medicaid add a $750 a month spend down. I have to incur that much in debt b4 they pay a dime!
I only receive $1200 in Soc. Sec. so how am I supposed to survive on $450 a month? And that's not including my Medicare premium!
The people on this thread who are beside themselves over this death care bill are only a drop in the bucket. @GOP are NOT human!
My heart goes out to everyone who is sick or has sick loved ones who will be affected by this inhuman bill.
If @GOP doesn't do something to ensure the people are covered, their party will never recover and will have blood on its hands. 
#FuckGop
@CondieKristine My daughter has pre-existing illness.She didn't get mcaid until age 13.Needed it at 4. Can't imagine losing now.
My 20 year old niece just had her 3rd cancer surgery.  She lost a kidney in the first surgery. There is an 80% chance of reoccurrence. #ACA
Back to the days when many of us had to QUIT our careers to take care of our parents. This is horrifying.
And thentheeconomy adjusted so many families we'd two working incomes. How can you go back to oneand caregiver. MAGA
17 % of the country support the GOP Bill, so they'll vote on it anyway? All to give the rich a tax cut. Sickening! Is it 2018 yet?
Will this finally wake up some Trump cheerleaders?  This is serious life & death decisions!  This isn't TV it is real life! 
MAGA
Many people do not realize that Medicaid funds nursing home care. They think Medicaid is for "those other people."
Anecdotal BS! 
Stop the scare tactics Al 
Your a joke. Your weren't funny doing comedy so you want to turn Mn into a joke. Still NOT FUNNY
Senator, my daughter is a vet, diagnosed with crohns and I heard vets are safe. Is this true?
We know where Mom will go - home with her daughter who will have to quit her job, reducing her ability to care for herself long-term.
You are the best. We know you care. Just hoping some Republicans find the heart they lost.
They don't care about the people, just lies from Trump. If this is so great why is it hidden.
Will you vow to filibuster-by-amendment, Senator?
There are unfortunately thousands more like her.
I keep hearing from my rural, poor neighbors who can't send kids to college or afford healthcare & voted trump. So 
My son is in the same boat. Unfortunately I'm from Iowa & all my Congress members are GOP. I've called, emailed, and faxed them to no avail.
In mid-Michigan, we're afraid elders & low-income families don't know the GOP Senate secret #AHCA bill will take their healthcare. #Medicaid
My college educated family SWEARS this AHCA will be MUCH better than ACA despite what people have told them!!
People are going to suffer in one form or another but many will lose their lives if they take away their healthcare.
Organized systemic mass murder. For a tax cut.
Do we know the moment that the suffering of others cease to be important-is it when you author a bill that end lives & causes suffering?
Some states are already doing this, people are killing themselvesNOW so they will not financially ruin their families withlong term illness
I'm fearing the GOP is living in some kind of Ayn Randian universe where all that matters is "makers" don't pay 4 "takers" & they don't care
this is horrible! older ppl have to be do afraid of health care!  i scared to death!
Constituent here.  Thank you 4 continuing to #resist ! We must stop the GOP from wrecking 1/6 of our economy & killing ppl in the process
Poor lady...
My son, who had a heart transplant, could lose his healthcare. My wife has epilepsy, and ciuld lose hers. I have asthma.
Sen. Franken, this is more than heartbreaking, it's a death sentence to many Americans! This attack on America must end!
with only17% for AHCA, wouldn't doubt it if more Russian involvement is happening. Similar to election
It feels like we, The People, are being punished. Our real life fears are being exploited by a vicious GOP. Unforgivable 2 taunt vulnerable
she's not the only one terrified of the cruel changes.
Also in mid-MI, we're worried. Elders & low-income families don't know the GOP Senate secret #AHCA bill will take their #Medicaid healthcare
We need our Dems to extend the Vote-a-rama into infinity like McConnell would and deny this vote from occurring.
She will go in the ground, probably...
I am facing the same thing  Mom see's the news too She like us are so scared  Mom is 85 worked since she was 10 yrs old in FamilyFlower Shop
Thank you, Senator
Thanks Senator Franken! Please keep speaking up and encourage your colleagues to do so as well. We need max coverage on cruelty of AHCA!
America is being destroyed from the inside out. I said it before & I'll say it again. I no longer recognize my country or feel like I belong
she'll go into the quiet night of preventable suffering and death, which is where @GOP believes non-millionaire "losers" belong.
Same, Senator. I'm 33 and disabled, and I'm terrified of losing my Medicaid. It's given me the ability to function.
Obamacare-Insurance now my #1 largest mnthly exp surpassing our mortgage! Prem went from $650 to $1,300 x 2, deductible from $500 to $7,000!
http://www.cnbc.com/2017/06/13/map-shows-where-people-could-see-zero-few-obamacare-insurers-in-2018.html …
I call them I. Tears of rage.  They are gutting our lives.
Bury that bill in amendments via vote-a-rama
We all know someone who will die if this passes.
Sounds a lot like "death panels," doesn't it?
This is REAL.  We are terrified.
It's NOT supposed to be this way.
Anyone with a long term illnesses, regardless of whether they have Medicare or employer insurance is screwed under TrumpCare due to the caps
Then DO SOMETHING !!!
@ASlavitt GOP response:  WE GIVE ZERO SHITS!
This is my Medicaid story.

https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10213311133362417&id=1520286607&ref=bookmarks …
#WithholdConsent
Same for my sweet 92 yo mom. After spending her 1/2 mil on nursing home care she's run out of $ and relies on Medicaid.
Please do everything you can to stop this bill.  Endless amendments in the vote-a-Rama!
The economic and health impacts of 23 million losing coverage will be at levels that terrorists can only dream about.
So will you filibuster by amendment during vote-a-rama on GOP bill? And withhold consent? On everything? @IndivisibleTeam @MoveOn
You plan to combat / obstruct this bill by all means possible? A no vote is insufficient. Fight! Lives are at stake. STOP #Trumpcare #resist
Messing with Medicaid will be devastating for many families, including mine.
Please bury it with amendments
How will u fight this? Will u withhold consent from doing legislative business? Will u filibuster? Lives are at stake.
I wonder how the @GOP base will feel when mom &/or dad are forced out of the nursing home because of cuts to #Medicaid ?!? #MeanGOP
Why is no one talking about this?  Why is this not on the front page in Ohio, Arizona, Alaska, and so forth?   #resistance?
Stop the bill.  Read Ezra Levin.
Got a Democratic Senator? Here’s how they can ACTUALLY PLAY HARDBALL on TrumpCare. Yes, they have tools to use. Yes, they can win. 1/
She's not the only one & it's all over the country, Sen. But I guess GOP doesn't want to hear about those without $$ or perfect health 
Same here in Indianapolis and every city across the country. Do Republicans have no sick or disabled relatives? How can they face them?
They have the millions of dollars in bribes to take care of them.
The only good news in this is she WON'T be going to hell where she'd have to see all this GOP reps and sens for eternity...
@DAbitty my mother is in the same situation.
And Republicans care less. 
Heartbreaking
. SinglePayer 4 nation. @realDonaldTrump, @gop have put us thru enuff,the ppl deserve good news instead of his ego rallies & meaningless EOs
Can we count on you Senator, to HELP with suing the GOP, for sickness leading to DEATH, due to no coverage? #WrongfulDeathSuits #BogusACHA
Horrible betrayl by the Senate Repubs. Mitch McConnell must go.
Here in Duluth too Sen. Franken!!!
Until McConnell and Ryan are put in there place the country is screwed I have called my senator several times nothing done or changed
@SpaceCheef let me correct you senator #MedicareForAll @RoseAnnDeMoro @People4Bernie
Grow up! What a BS comment. AHA won't kick seniors to curb. Your fight should be with Pharma.
You obviously live in a state of denial.
However, no 1 can justify killing Americans by taking away their healthcare in the wealthiest country in the world. Stop greed + repair USA
No one should ever face death 4 political reasons we r supposed to be above that as a nation. We r split down the middle where in trouble.
I am scared too. Both my parents are on Medicaid. Dad is Korean War veteran. They are seriously ill and NEED Medicaid.
You're fear mongering, Senator.
The fact that Medicaid pays for nursing homes needs to be publicized. I bet there r plenty of Trumpniks who don't want granny moving back in
I know it sounds bleak to put it that way, but the GOP is literally planning to do something that is likely to kill my husband.
Her mom will be the same place my husband will be.  In the ground.
100% prop, ergo 100% lie!
One way or another right Comrade? Dear Leader still inciting violence
Buffalo Mn. Friend works 2 jobs & has a rmmate. She struggles 2 make ends meet & can't afford insulin.  TY 4 fighting 4 those who need help!
Send them all to Betsy DeVos's House, or Mitch McConnell's or Paul Ryan's, whichever is closest. We'll roll them up in wheelchairs, gurneys
@SenateGOP doesn't care if we live or die. They barely care that we can see them for greedy monsters that they are.
Thank you for speaking up for Minnesotans @alfranken! What are you doing to stop the Senate bill from moving forward? #medicaid
That should be a must ask question for any bill, law or change, "would I do this to my mother?"
Me too. I'm 55 with pre-existíng conditions. I'm scared to death! Just one of my medications costs over $750 per month! No #medicaid no meds
Me too! Fell 120 feet off Mt. Baker. 10 pills morning, 14 evening. 11 surgeries since 2001. I'm only 65, but I'll lose my life!
I don't know what this means?
GOP is not worried about how all the non 1%  people are going to care for parents with Alzheimer's. This disease requires 24/7 monitoring.
She is not alone, There're millions of us who can only be served by comprehensive Medicare for all. That doesn't mean by a glut of opioids.

#OBSTRUCTIVETRUMP: Stop blaming Hillary for your obstruction charge. Your misconduct in office is the reason. Your voter buys the bullshit. 
Thank you Senator Franken for not giving up! Wish you were my Senator. Ours are awful! @SenToomey & @KeithRothfus
Hey we're stuck with upstart @SenTomCotton & 'HIV doesn't cause AIDS' @JohnBoozman . Talk about a lose/lose combination! #Resistance
So sorry! My parents are there so I know your pain. 
He retired 3 months ago. His Cobra runs out soon. If ACA is repealed what is he supposed to do?
I'm down the road in DL. I'm 56, cancer survivor, self-employed as a college lecturer. I'm quite concerned that 3 strikes I'm out.
Let's not forget the loss of jobs. Nurses and doctors and Nursing assistants.
My friend survived cancer 2 years ago. Still has to go to doc & be checked plus he has illeostomy supplies he MUST have. (1)
Haven't you heard, Al? There is a new bipartisan orgy now in Washington.  Somehow this will just bring us closer together.
I cannot believe that the GOP wants to hurt Americans.  It is mind boggling.
I am trying to figure out what country I need to move to in order to have coverage. #preexistingconditionssuck
I don't know what will happen if employee based insurance has lifetime limits. My chronically ill children will affected. #mean
make some money online http://aspir.me/c1/?da=gk649&t=DAosp …
IMy mom needs 24hr care for Alzmrs. If she can't get coverage for her memory care facility is she out? Do I quit my job to care for her?
My son in law is in the Navy & our daughter beat cancer. Since she has a pre-existing condition he may stay in now cause no care otherwise
As someone who would benefit from a tax cut, I'm begging, keep the money. Insure everyone!
Is not being 'nice', is just being rational. Frustrated people in all classes put in risk society for all classes. Health, Food, Safety 4all
These senators pushing this bill from Hell will regret one day they supported it. People unite to VOTE THEM OUT.Until then. Expose them.
It's already gutted in Talabama. Can't find a Medicaid physician anywhere.
Not finding a doc has nothing to do with Medicaid "being gutted".  It is the fact doctors do not want to take those patients.
My dad is wheel chair bound with advanced Alzheimer's. Where will he go? My mom can't care for him. & what about the staff?
There are countless numbers of us who live in fear of that, too.
@GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP
You heard from 2 women in tears...i was the second. I'm begging ...please help me and millions of others. Save our healthcare.
@SenateGOP Explain to my daughter with Crohn's Disease who has a bowel obstruction why you will let her die??? Healthcare is life or death!!
How is she doing?
She's getting better. Thank you!  God bless you!
You can always put her on your health care plan Al?
Now you are hearing from me under the ACA my cost went up and my coverage went down. Way to go Jack Leg.
Well since someone is lying to her you should have reassured her it is not getting gutted. Unless you have something against the truth
I asked brother Ryan to work on a workers and health care bill that's similar to his.He said were all family. Right!
You do realize that they DONT CARE!!!
2) I just got her son placed last Sept. I was hoping to move her in the same facility so she could be near him. Her meds won't be covered.
My sister is also handicapped. MR, blindness due to diabetes. Her son was born with a cerebral aneurysm, shunt @ 2wks. MR & cerebral palsy.
As a citizen, I rarely have felt this powerless, or in the dark.
Tell us about it.
Lost my wife just before ACA because couldn't afford health ins. Afraid to go to Dr. Cardiac Arrest
I am so very sorry.
Don't worry , they're playing a baseball game to make you feel better about them.
your Obama care cant be saved so anyone have trouble now thats on you
what is in your  bill?where can I read it ?
The 5/16/80 Althea just is not the best. It's good, not great. Probably because it was in Nausea Coliseum. Wait, are you in government now?
Me either, Senator.
Sounds like she should have saved more.
My mom says the same
Republicans don't think any of their acts contribute to toxic atmosphere...WRONG!
Give her Paul Ryan's address. she can stay with him.
Horrible to be in that fear..I'm sickened a baseball game is more the news than getting the work done.. Stay in your own Union..Grow up 
My friend's dad is on Medicaid & in nursing home, and she's w/o options if it's cut. How does making a 20-something quit her job #MAGA???
Exactly. Without Medicaid many adult children will need to sacrifice jobs to care for parents. Reducing these ppl chance to bills etcetc
Many parents with children who have #intellectualdisabilities will have to sacrifice jobs &, in my case, my retirement, to care for them
Deny unanimous consent. Filibuster by amendment in reconciliation
This is true many many times over played out in every city in the country
Please do all you can to stop the GOP health bill. Lives are in your hands.
CALL YOUR SENATORS 202.224.3121 AND DEMAND OPEN HEARINGS ON #AHCA. THIS  AFFECTS EVERY SINGLE PERSON NO MATTER WHAT THEIR AGE IS.  RETWEET!!
Pulling people outta nursing homes under Medicaid....going to happen!!!! VULGAR SINISTER AND DESPICABLE! @realDonaldTrump
You only heard from ONE woman!
Ok, Calm Down and, no, he hasn't heard from just one woman. Reread his tweet, please. Our eyes can play tricks on us when we, quickly, read.
Reconciliation allows for amendments from anyone. Make GOP explicitly vote down healthcare provisions
Got a Democratic Senator? Here’s how they can ACTUALLY PLAY HARDBALL on TrumpCare. Yes, they have tools to use. Yes, they can win. 1/
#MedicareForAll
Shut down the Senate if necessary to stop this bill. Play hardball!
This. Dems need to FIGHT HARDER!
It's really hard for me to feel sorry for people who plot mass murder behind closed doors...
Those nursing home terrorists are getting more sneaky huh!? Lol
I too face this. Very frightening.
