thank you Senator Frankenstein for looking out for my kids!! I wish you represented my town!!
you guys talk so slow in WV, might take 3 years to finish that debate son.
your numbers are shrinking as his lies grow. They have already damaged our country enough in 2 weeks
She's not good enough, she's not smart enough, and doggone it, people don't like her. #noDevos
so "championing" education is a qualification now?  I've spent years driving a car -- should I be the CEO of Ford?
I live in MI, I'm familiar with her.  It's insulting to teachers to make someone SecOfEd with no real experience.
Good luck sir, future generations are counting on people that care.
She is about as qualified to run education as I am.
Rich does not equal experienced.
actually Scott, if u attended public school, or even live NEAR a public school, ur more qualified.
You are welcome to her  considering you live in WV, where I am also from, you know we need actual educators
so your saying a woman cant do this? Who are you to say no. She is as qualified as you or anyone to do this
thank you for your fight for a qualified SOE.
how did that turn out? That's funnier than when you were a comedian give it up, the country don't want to be dumbed down anymor
Thank you for being our voice!
bc you took 10K from the teachers union.
thanks for keeping up the good fight!
#NoonDeVos Betsy Devos is uniquely unqualified to be hired for anything related to education!
Yes!  I live in Michigan! And she's done nothing to help educate the kids here!  #NoonDeVos
Read this and you'll understand!  If this isn't enough, I have more:     http://www.politico.com/story/2016/12/betsy-devos-michigan-school-experiment-232399 …
you meant to say put teachers unions before kids did you not?
yikes this is scary!
I thank you for your fight and support.  Don't give up, project our kids!
Your analogy about the football coach last night was priceless.
Maybe if you dumb it down enough Betsy will understand 
Best news - DOE is on the block to be eliminated - just like Reagan tried. DeVos hubbub is #muchadoaboutnothing
"The party line" puts kids before the Teachers Unions. You would have to have been heroically pursasive.
It's telling that you have to ask the GOP to vote for the nation's future. Greed is their mantra.
keep saying no.
Just pack ur bagz & ragz & get tha hell out. U LOST!!!! AGAIN!!!!
thank you for your work. It's truly horrible when people can't set aside party lines. DeVos is incompetent. We ALL know it.
Thank you! Keep up the resistance!
thank you for trying! I am Mn public school teacher, ready to keep working on this fight!
thanks for trying!
Thank you Al for fighting for our children! Glad you haven't lost your sense of humor working!
Big Surprise:  Al Franken doesn't like Donald Trump.
Thank you, Senator Franken
They put kids before your party all you care about is the damn teachers Union. Reason my schooling failed me as an adult.
Cannot believe we couldn't find one more Republican with the balls to defy DJT and do the right thing.  Thank you for trying ...
thank you for the good fight. We will always remember!  @SenateGOP bought #corrupt #ethics #PaytoPlay
BeenTough Even w Smart Autistic son.Idea help Force His Geo.TEACHER 2implement IEP Got 1 yr left pub schl, May need 2PULL HIM.
thanks for being a voice of reason. Sadly, Republicans put party before common sense.
I have not heard more compelling arguments against confirmation of Betsy DeVos & Jeff Sessions than yours, among many good ones.
the record will reflect your attempt to remind those across the aisle of their responsibilities to the people. thank you.
Good move! After all, why should we who are parents be able to choose a better school for our children.
Did any Dem Senator expose the contributions De Vos made to each @GOP Senator who voted for her? Did you ask them to recuse?
Thank you for your efforts. Looks like party lines - not education, kids or public shcools - come 1st for majority of the #GOP.
Hubris of the billionaire class is overwhelming! TIME TO LEGISLATE A LIST OF REQUISITES AND QUALIFICATIONS FOR CABINET POSTS!!
Thank you Senator for standing up, history and future will remember you positively if there is a future left for this nation.
thanks for your efforts sen franken - no reason to vote yes on any remaining cabinet picks
It will fall on deaf @SenOrrinHatch ears. Amway is YUGE in Utah.
you mean to put the Teachers Union ahead of our kids.
That was good of you, but they are putting their wealthy club kids first.
You mean teachers unions before kids, right?
Thankfully they did put kids before party lines!  It's time to revolutionize education. Don't fear change or the NEA.
Why it should be Ms. DeVos? Don't the GOP have anyone more qualified than her who actually knows what means education?
Franken, my dear, we don't give a damn.
Yep, those kids just got put before politics with nomination.Your either part of solution, or part of problem.Your the latter.
Dems are the ones putting politics first.
This doesn't make sense.  Putting kids first means voting YES on DeVos.
Fucking Republican senators vote with party, not the will of their constituents. I guess they forget they represent us.
Anyone opposing Ms DeVos cares little about the education of the nation's minorities and is likely a racist.
Ironically that's what they did. Put kids before the party. Education needs reform and poor kids need access to better education
Thank you for putting our kids first.
As if YOU ever set aside party lines!  You're a hypocrite!
it was a valiant stance.  I appreciate your effort.
What a sad day for American public education!  Thank you for fighting the fight.#35yeareducator
Thank you, Senator Franken.
#NoonDeVos @marcorubio @LindseyGrahamSC @SenRonJohnson @RandPaul @SenJohnMcCain
if we had a good public education system at all then Democrats would be capable of critical thinking. Evidently not at all.
public education is a total atrocity. How can people complain about an alternative?
you did a great job.  Sorry it didn't work
public schools have evolved to become like a prison for kids where they are subjected to brainwashing to make them Democrats
cut the crap Stuart Smalley. Invoking the "kids" card.
Thank you for everything you tried to do for those of us who teach in public schools. If only everyone could understand...
can they not see no one wants her. Its rediculous. Idk if I want to put a kid in this world more...education will be ruined

how does big government help kids? The government-controlled educational system is dysfunctional and needs to be dismantled
Thanks for trying Al. You were a warrior for our children. I did all you could. There r more fights to come. New elects soon!
you lost, AGAIN
Now DeVos can free kids from the liberals' rat-trap public schools. No more stranglehold, teachers unions!
thank you for trying. Also thank you in advance because it seems like it won't be an easy next 4 years. #ChildrenFirst
thank you for trying. Sincerely.
Thank for doing your part to #holdthefloor and voting #NoOnDeVos.
you failed
Teachers nationwide should not show up for their underpaid jobs. #Resist
If the rules where good why don't you let them choose?
Even when I was young teachers would get upset cuz most of the money went to the admin etc.
I thought we wanted parents to be involved with there education.
,senator Franken on behalf of Me, my children, & Science we thank you for your efforts to block this loon #wishyouweremyrep
thank you for all you have done.
I am just wondering She likes & supports charter schools and vouchers that gives parents a choice right? Why is that bad?
THANK YOU. #TheResistance
you mean to solicit more campaign money from the UFT?
yeah good luck with that. This country is totally fucked. #trump
Thank you and your democratic colleagues for trying to shame the Repubs into finding their souls. Partisanship won today.
Thank you!
thanks for they try but we can all see now, composed civilized methods will not work under this #TrumpsterFire admin. #USASOS
Nice false dichotomy, Al. @SenFranken
Get 'em Al.  Love what you're doing.
Trump & America keeps winning.  So hurry up & confirm the rest of his picks!
thank you for trying!
It's a shame and a travesty! Thank you for your efforts!
you do not speak for most people outside the twins. Pull your f'ing head out!
FIGHT FIGHT FIGHT Senator Frankin! Cannot believe how many LOSERS trump keeps on pushing, with De Vos at the top of the list!
Thank you Senator. Unfortunately it didn't work. Now what ?
My heart is broken. I have no faith left in our democracy. When will the voice of the masses be heard?#fightdevos
I'm so sick over this. I've lost my faith.  Whose celebrating today?  Only those bought by the DeVos fortune.  Thanks though.
Do something, anything, I don't care if you have to have her placed in Gitmo. You people in DC make me sick

Thank you, @SenFranken for your hard work. #NoOnDeVos
@ColrfulEmojine  Thank you!!!!
thank you for trying. I can't believe how our senators have failed both my daughter and this nation's future.
Why are Democrats so afraid of giving inner-city kids same chance for quality education as kids in the suburbs? #VoteYES4DeVos
@JENNBUCHANAN thank you for every word of your hard work. #WeWillNotGoQuietly
Does anyone ever change or decide a vote based on your words? Nope.
I'm home schooling my child. This is frightening.
thank you for your efforts. I have a degree in teaching but stay home. My youngest starts kindergarten in August.
Your speech was perfect. There is no honor in them.
The GOP is weakening the country at every turn.
Six of ten black eight graders in the Philadelphia Public School System cannot read at a basic level.
@morgfair Vote yes for Betsy
shame on them! I hate them all 
@tri3smaz they're cowards and whores - bought and paid for
DeVos would be the John and @SenateGOP would be the whores taking money for services rendered
Admire resolve to ensure Devos wasn't appointed. Too bad @MikePenceVP rewarded campaign donations as opposed to qualifications.
thanks for trying your best.
@ZeldaBizzare  Thank you for your efforts.  We will remember the @GOP who allowed this in 2018.
thank you Sen.Al Franken - you really try to talk some sense into these people.  Keep it up, no one else is doing it.
/ john 15;7 Jesus said if u abide in me and my word abide in u ask for whatever you want and it shall be given
Your pockets are lined with union money.
Thank you Senator.
thank you for your efforts.  @senrobportman and many of his colleagues clearly care more about party lines than our children
@AmericanFamAssc @OHFarmVotes  @AIIAmericanGirI @Italians4Trump Finally we get a decent joke from this 'so called' comedian!
thank you for your efforts
@claudiamiles sadly, they didn't!  We will hold them accountable!
Thank you for your efforts.
Doesn't your sanctuary cities protect these kids?
they were bought  and pd for..#Pay4Play
Do your job, #ConfirmDeVos
@claudiamiles Over. What's next?
Thank you.
Thank you, Senator Franken, for your consideration of all children.  As a Minnesotan, I am proud you are my senator.
.@SenFranken DeVos says public schools are a dead end. Yet 4 of the past 6 presidents and 2 Secretaries of State attended public school.
What you really mean is you want to put teachers unions I had of kids
@JoshuaHol Givem hell Mr. Franken!
Go for it. Perhaps without a Secretary the Dept. will be dismantled. Taxpayers win!
THANK YOU SENATOR FRANKEN!
If DeVos and family have given $200 mil to Repubs over the years, how can they vote on her nom? @marcorubio (98K) MUST recuse!
Thank you Senator for voting No On DeVos. We deserve more for our children and our future.
Thank you, Senator! Resist the insanity. We cannot rest.
thanks for your leadership.
GOP is putting kids before party. We're removing them out of the clutches of a Democratic Party who has been trying to ruin them
Underprivileged deserve choice.  Hypocrisy is rich. DeVos will deliver choice.
THANK YOU.
If you really want to put children first, then abolish this ridiculous department of education!
THANK YOU! I watched your speech on the floor from last night. From a former teacher to you, thank you! #NoOnDevos
they are #yesondevos
@alswrite Channel the Grizzlies
We Appreciate all The Dems I Think it's #disgusting That Republicans don't Put the CHILDREN B4 PARTY
Thank you, Senator Franken!!!  DeVos is in no way qualified for this job! #NoOnDeVos
wierd al Yes on DeVos  goback to poor comedy
keep fighting
u r all done cry baby's
Don't want to piss off the teachers union, we all know they are the Dems cash cow.
@tmbrown327 Thank you for fighting on behalf of America's children.
#noDevos Betsy Devos is uniquely unqualified to be hired for anything related to education!
thank you! #noOnDevos

we currently have the worst education system can get, any worse? Seriously
thank you!
How much did the unions pay u to support them? Your right put the children first and CONFIRM Devos
if there's one thing the @GOP cares about, it's kids.  Well, until they're born.

We are screwed.
Thank you for all you do. #NoOnDeVos
can you please be President?
Thank you!
Thank you, Senator Franken! #NoOnDeVos

why stop at noon? Keep going.
please do everything in your power to stop her ---from a mom with kids in public schools 

Thank you for all your efforts on behalf of America's children.
Thank you!
Thank you for all you do for us.
Good luck with that. You're not dealing with reasonable human beings, but ideologues who care about nothing but power.
thank you Sen. Franken. Our kids first!!
Tell us  u do want if not just shut up
Thank you! I emailed all the Republican senators on the committee to voice my concern. Thank you for hearing us!
hahaha, time wasted. #GOP will shove this and everything else down throat bc of Obama administration and his  & pen
how about putting kids ahead of NEA
give them the anti Stuart Smalley "she's not good enough,she's not smart enough, and dogone it ppl don't like her"
You are my hero, sir.
you think this is all a joke. Will you be laughing when your not reelected.
