Lol FAIL
Are you holding out for the "beautiful health care" that will cover everyone and cost less that Trump promised?
I don't like Trump's healthcare plan. Government has no business being in healthcare
So you are Anti-Department of Veterans Affairs? Why do you hate our troops?
so some Americans deserve tax payer paid healthcare and some don't? Where's the consistency? BTW, what improvements va need?
Yes, If you serve the country you deserve taxpayer healthcare. Improvemt wise, stop corruption and keep our vets alive in waiting rooms
thanks for supporting socialism!!!
Yep. One instance where people sacrificed themselves for my freedoms that's some full on socialism there
Both party's are corrupted beyond repair criminals all Third parties only No more voting for either of these two party criminal system perio

What is #healthcare?  Emergency care?  Counseling?  Weight loss?  Cosmetic surgery? Where do you draw the line?
How about we all get a healthcare plan identical to those on public office?
Way too expensive.
More expensive that unnecessary trips to the ER for uncovered w/o primary care; unpaid bills reflected in UR ins. premiums?
Definitely. People used to use Emerg rm as primary, urgent care facilities have flattened that cost curve.
Agreed - However, absent healthcare insurance, urgent care clinics will not provide services.
Chattanooga this evening, first of many actions to come in support of #MedicareForAll.
Works in Canada and it's free
it doesnt work in canada i think is what you meant to say
Actually worked for me I was hit by a drunk driver and had to spend six months in the hospital learning to walk again all paid for
Oh do you? Then why didn't you back Bernie during the primaries. Oh, you folded to the DNC. So brave now.
Thank you Bernie Sanders
Yah but it never got affordable the very poor and illegals got the best parts of that action the rich didn’t care and congress voted them out of it along with there staff and the lower middle paid dearly and refused to use it would drive them into bankruptcy
Al is right--this is simply a starting point. The legislative process will have its say.
Please be careful, Al. You know better than most what happened to Sen. Wellstone. Don't get into any small aircraft...we need you around!
Let's do this.
You sure didnt support Bernie during the primary! Why should we support you now? You have a long ways to go b4 u get mine.
What a ridiculous idea. Just take a look at how the government runs the VA system. That is your goal for all of us?

Sen. Wellstone and Sen. Kennedy laid the groundwork, now let's get the job done.
Did he write this Bill by himself? Are you going to support another losing attempt for him to be President or is this just about the Bill?
It's not a right. Your responsible for yourself. To take from someone to give to another is communist. The middle man always gets a cut and we don't need that when we have so many other ways.
Thank you for defending our right to decent healthcare!
Yes, Sen Franken with the Operative word "AMERICANS" yes we All Agree ..
PREACH.  Why is common good & common sense so absent from the mercenary right?
You should take @SenSanders position on preventative healthcare for the environment that sulfide mining damages & the 99% worst #inequality
I like Al. I'd vote for him if he runs for president.
Why is this a debate or politics?Can't we put money and influence aside and realize we're all people and need help? I could be wrong.im not
Healthcare for all period Third parties only No more voting for either of the two party criminal system period
We love you, too!! Franken/Harris 2020.
Awesome! No competition for Trump/Pence 2020
We have to fix Medicare before we expand it.
we live paycheck to paycheck & I am sick of Republicans. Our taxes already pay for 2 Senators & US Rep to uphold our constitution. 1/2
2/2 I can't constribute to all groups who ask for money to uphold our Constitution. For the love of God, would Congress do something.
We should tax churches and use that money to provide Single Payer Healthcare. Even Jesus would agree with that. 
Large churches that are run as profit for preachers ! Taxes would kill our small non profit church. We scrape by with the grace of God.
You believe wrong Frankie
Where does it say that in the bill if rights
The politicians who vote aganst it should lose their as theirs as no American taxes should be given tthem for healthcare or their family
Thank you for supporting this legislation! I've lived in countries with universal healthcare and seen the difference it makes.
I studied at Carlton College under Paul Wellstone.  I totally agree!
Al, you are the best thing that happened to congress.  You were great on SNL but you are awesome in congress.  Thank you for all you do.
24 of 25 Democracies provide Universal Healthcare to their citizens. Not one of them are actively looking to get rid it. 
Thanks Senator Franken! I appreciate your support!
It is not a right, it is a labor, a service provided by another, and no human being has a right to the services of another.
Nope
What a thorough argument. I can see you're a well read individual.
don't tell me. tell senator nelson of florida
Stay out of small airplanes, Al @MarisaWriting @SenSanders
Thank you @SenFranken!
#MedicareForAll
thank you!
Thank you!
When you have to use the same healthcare as us peasents then I may agree
Thank you Senator Franken!
New comedy act, Dip & Shit
neither of you tyrants have a right to anyones labor including doctors and nurses.  Confused or just power hungry?
You won't exempt Congress - correct?
You are such a diabolical liar! You endorsed #WhatHappened and told we #Bernard not 2B ridiculous!
You have the right to care for your own health, but not to take from me, to give to you.
Show me in the CONSTITUTION where health care is a right!
We already have that. By law you have to treat the sick. You are talking about quality. Not sure how you make NY and Alabama equal?
Thank you! Please keep us posted on how we can help get this through Congress!
Thanks Al!
You don't really know what a right is, do you?
Do you also have Obama care? Just curious.
So enforced servitude,,,
Wow the Democrat party is being run and controlled by an independent. That's just too Damn funny
I simply love you.

Thank you @SenFranken
What VAT tax will you be charging like other socialist countries? I'm sure those on Medicaid and Medicare can afford a 20% sales tax. 
It is not, but we already knew you suck as a senator
Like Paul Wellstone, I believe health care is a right for all Americans. My stmnt on cosponsoring @SenSanders bill: https://www.facebook.com/senatoralfranken/posts/1491573710928506 …
The Fuckin ACA ain't broken, the problem is that some people use it to hit an run. They need to make it a yearly contractual agreement!!!
I believed that Paul Wellstone would honor his promise to only run and serve two terms. He lied, & had a shitty pilot.
Healthcare is not a right. You do not have a right to someone else's labor.
You're wrong.  If you have to affirmatively force someone to provide it, it's not a right.
For details on my remarks, ck 7 Deadly Innocent Frauds of Econ by post-Keynesian investor linked to @StephanieKelton MEDICARE-ALL DO IT!!
Al & Bern, Congress concern w budget shd be don't net spend more than curr private econ can utilize @ full emply. Cannot "run out" of our $$
Thank you for doing the right thing! Quality healthcare is something everyone should have access to!
Al & Bern, Mickey Mouse is lines and colors with legal ties to Disney. USA Dollars are mere "numbers" w legal/institutional ties to USGov.
Al & Bern, Al Greenspan answered Paul Ryan on YT. USGov can always pay any bills in US $$. Only issue is real resources like labor & things
Al & Bern, 
FICA cd be suspended indef. US spend *cannot* be funded by tax revenue. USGov creates $$s. Workers & companies create zero $$s.
Yes.  We are the richest country in the world with one of the lowest bus taxes  no excuse.
Al & Bernie, Taxes for Revenue are Obsolete - 1946. Çongr can add T-Bonds to SocSec pool & pay bills w/out tax hike on paychecks if desired.
Would you please reference the source from which this "right"comes?
You beautiful, beautiful man.
It is my God given right to have all healthcare workers give me their services for free!
Mad TV ruled!!!
YES! Finally! Good work. #DoYourJob
Get it done guys! 
I think you're right, Al. But, how to pay for it, implement it, we need these details. Looking forward for more information.
if sanders had fought for Hillary we'd be on our way to universal healthcare. Only wants it with his name on it.
Single Payer Healthcare is a moral imperative! 24 of 25 Democratic countries ALL Agree.
sad to see people I respect cater to the sanders cult. Now is the time to fight to keep healthcare not divide on it!
Thanks! Also, I read your Rush Limbaugh Is A Big Fat Idiot book, 20yrs ago, it was great & now I want to get it out & reread some of it.
We need more Democrats to sign this bill.
I believe geese lay golden eggs. Belief and reality are not the same. Rights are in the Constitution, not your head.
From Bernie's website: Current HC spend=$3T/ yr. Single payer cost=$1.4T/ yr. Ten year savings=$6T. Math is hard. #BernieIsAFraud
Minnesotans are lucky to have you as their senator.
I'd love to help. 100% disabled Veteran but the brain still works.
Medicare 4 all and ending the Trump COUP ATTEMPT!  I'm sad America is sad
I'm begging you Al-Medicare for All is a mouthful. Please rebrand! Ameri-Care? Care/USA?  NATIONCARE?
Do people can eat like crap, live like crap and then the citizenry has to pay for their poor life choices?
Desperate Necessities like health care belong in the Public Sector- not Private Sector. That is Firewall Economics. http://firewalleconomics.com/firewall-economics-a-soft-landing-for-capitalism/ …
Great you are onboard! In order to have Medicare 4 all 1st you must repeal McCarran Ferguson Act.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=qzRyu8n0yKE …. Last question!
A true giant of the senate. Thank you, Allan.
Thank you Al.
Paul Wellstone was a great man who stood up for the least among us and so are you Al Franken.
Thank you for being cool and good on this.
Well said Al, Health Care for ALL Now.
Life, liberty, pursuit of happiness. Equal protection under the law. Period. U want it to be a "right" U need a Constitutional Amendment.
Unlike certain blowhards, you guys are showing a commitment to actually "fix Obamacare." Good on you! Single payer or bust! @realDonaldTrump
Just another follower, never a leader. Hop on only when it will benefit you.
Thanks Al
Thank you, Senator. Ensuring the health and wellness of the American people shouldn't be such a controversial issue. Our people ARE America.
Thank you, senator!
HealthCare is a service not a right. If you want better access and affordability to this service, get government's sticky fingers out of it.
Thank you Senator Al!
Agree that it is a right. But how to do it so that it is affordable and quality of care doesn't go down is the question.
You know it's going to fail. Your decision to dismiss improving
THANK YOU! I'm a disabled constituent who has been terrified of working for a small business once I turn 26! Medicare for all would let >>
>> me do what I love without worry about whether or not I can afford to work where I want to. It is a LITERAL lifesaver.
End the GWOT, so we can afford a new healthcare system.
Keep up the good work Al.  We are behind you!!
Why then did it take you so long to sign on to Single Payer? Another corporate HRC cheater that needs to go!
You have obviously never been to a state run hospital..lol
Thank you. Democrats are finally getting serious about policies that benefit working families again.
medicare for all and a private nonprofit health care market in addition
Be honest.U needed a push. 
Paul Wellstone led the charge.
He was a brave leader. U endorsed the one would said it would 'never, EVER' pass
Our country GREED for mony..
How dare u use Mr. Wellstone's name. U proved urself 2 b a hypocrite & supporter of election fraud & mocked right of the ppl 2 protest same!
Thank you.
You need to be concerned w/the fact that trump came on to Katy Tur while running for Pres. It's time to seriously consider impeachment.
Government and insurance out of healthcare now! More intervention will only make things worse.
I'm running for congress in NY11, support me with some Follows! We need house seats to pass Medicare for All!
Yes, Al!  Yes!!
Childcare business.My husband and I can't afford it. We've gone w/out 10 years and it is a privededge we can't afford working 60+hrs a wk ea
thank you senator
Glad to see you support Medicare for All!
Thanks for #Minnesota support of universal health care! Let's catch up to the rest of the developed world and make American healthy again!
It makes me sad to think about Paul Wellstone & his wife & their untimely deaths, but proud that Al Franken is carrying on in our behalf.
Would love you to run for president, Senator Franken!
Thank you for listening to us after all.  I rescind my previous ranty comment! 
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you!
Thank you so much 
Thank you!!!
Good on you Senator!
Too little too late!
Yea, didn't think so.
Are you willing to take on the same healthcare as the peasants?
Appreciate your pragmatism.  That said, this will only ever be "aspirational" if leadership does not truly get behind this. Step up please
Better late than never...
You are not entitled to another's labor without just compensation. What you speak of is tyranny. You sucked on SNL, you suck in the Senate.
Go, Sen. Franken!
Yes. Can we get the same coverage Congress has?
Dear Senator Franken. How can someone else's labor be your right? How can someone else's money be your right? How can a service be a right?
Thank you Mr.Franken
Like FDR, frankly. Puns intended.
we all love bernie! thanks for cosponsoring the bill
Why do you want Medicare/Medicaid for all then? They have terrible outcomes. Do you yourself have Medicare? Maybe you should switch first.
Of course you believe you are entitled to the labor of others.... cc: @MonteJCook
Keep the pressure people. The Internet has arrived.
Life,liberty, and the pursuit of happiness are our rights you moron.  Read the Constitution
If we have trillions for war, we have the money for taking care of our citizens' healthcare. Spent 5 Trillion on the Middle East - for what?
Thank you!  We all deserve access to good healthcare.
Come her to my country #yemen
  just see     
People living
In war  
Same #Irma
I wish you'd reframe it as a social responsibility. Declaring it a right makes it sound like a new entitlement and easy to attack.
thank you Al, proud to be a constituent
Thank you Sen. Franken!
Do It! People are ready- regardless of political stripes. Make something outlandishly good  come out of this outrageously bad period in USA
I support you, Sen Franken, but I do not support this now. Major progressive gains with minorities in both chambers seems unlikely. Why now?
.....fair warning : .....step away from sanders ... he's toxic
THANK YOU, AL!!
finally ! thank you
(((Hugs))) to you @SenFranken
