This will devastate our life and hurt my disabled child
Should have given your delegates to the person your constituents really wanted...Bernie.
You did this to us as much as they did.
http://occupydemocrats.com/2017/06/22/mitch-mcconnell-beat-polio-child-thanks-government-healthcare/ … #AHCA
Keep fighting against this mean bill
SenfDon't worry... I'm not offended by being #ConstantlyIGNORED...

HERE"S AN IDEA! And YYEESS!! I KNOW HOW to #PayForThis
Idea, get bipartisan support to start by saving #ACA but rename it to reflect bipart effort to maintain protections & strengthen exchanges.
Isn't that the point of government?
#ConstituentsLivesMatter
@clairecmc This is for you lady. Keep up the good fight!!
Would this be happening if Bernie Sanders were the Dem Nominee???  #Deadparty
Com'on Al Franken! AMERICA needs you not just Lucky Minnesota!
#shareAlFranken
The opposite of PROgress is CONgress. (Not you. You actually do care about the rest of us)
You are not my Senator and I wish you'd tell Flake and McCain to stand up to those who replace ACA. Yes I  call them and get little response
Well, those of you who do care, are.
You've unveiled the plan
And what the hell is your solution??? Obamacare is failing. Let's hear some of your wisdom.
If we closed tax loopholes and reappropriated some spending, we could definitely have universal healthcare.
"The irony is palpable.  Can you feel it?"  Thank you for that.
Please stop this bill because it will affect many minnesotans.
Propose 1000s of amendments during votearama 2delay BHCAvote.
@SenateGOP are working to improve lives...the wealthy corporate lobbyist "donors." Obviously their lives are way more important than voters
Do you realize that Albert Lea, a town you lived in, is losing their only hospital? It seems like you haven't even noticed.
Thank you for looking at reform that people actually want & need. It could  get bipartisan support if you offer an alternative to GOP plan.
obamacare made everything more difficult where were you then sir?

Praying for you.
Yet you voted for the ACA.
Anyway we can work on taxpayers ages 50+ to opt in to Medicare?  Sure won't be able to afford private insurance with prior health issues
I love me some Sen. Al Franken  wish you would run for the most powerful man in the  you'd have my vote in a NY minute #Resist
Senator Franken, you truly are a giant of the senate!
Exactly
Please help us Senator Franken!!! Please! We are doomed if this goes through!!
Agreed - now please point me to where you're working with the GOP to make this happen?
The GOP has clearly forgotten their oath to the people.
When an old white GOP senator pops a kid out of their vaginas is the day they can tell anyone what their health care should not cover.
We see faces of the disabled affected. Now show us faces of taxcut winners! Show who GOP really takes care of with this "healthcare" plan!
F TRUMP F McCONNELL F RYAN F MILLER F BANNON F JARED F GINGRICH F PENCE F IVANKA F FLYNN F GOP F THE RIGHT F RIGHT AND GOD BLESS FRANKEN
What have we come to?
For fucks sake, you guys have to stop this insanity.
Thank you, Senator.
Al this is why I'm supporting you for President in 2020 !
You voted to make my premiums quadruple  Hypocrisy at the highest level.
The GOP working hard to improve their lives and their rich friends lives! Corporations, Wall Street, Pharmaceutical companies & the KKK's
Thanks for fighting for us, Al.
@SenSanders   This is a wealthcare bill.  Plain & simple. Any bill that doesn't cover everyone is not acceptable.
@SenKamalaHarris - @SenFranken 2020 - Have Adults in Charge Once Again
Please. Obstruct.
Thank U Senator, This veiled attempt to relegate US to serfdom is heinous work of the devil. As shocking as may be GOP works to destroy USA.
Thank you @SenFranken!  Keep up the good fight.
GOP seems totally comfortable with sacrificing the lives of everyone on Medicaid to give $880B  to our richest citizens.  It is shameless.
I'm tired of being polite.  Wtf is happening to our country?
You think you guys are going to be able to meet this mr. Franken? We're really fretting it out here
its time for you to prepare to withhold consent and file amendments, be ready!
Someone has to look out for the rich
We have 2 wonderful senators here, in Mass. but I am so glad we have you & .@amyklobuchar too!!! We appreciate you .@SenFranken
We as Democrats have always done that.  But we are being too polite when dealing with TRAITORS TO THIS COUNTRY. These are the worst people.
we need to grow a backbone and stand up to these despicable Republicans!
Thank you Sen. Franken. The only question legislators should consider is whether the bill makes lives of constituents better or worse.
Quit Franken, that will improve our lives BIG TIME!
Yep, and I need more tax cuts, so get to voting the way I tell you to, serf.

"Help us save the ACA, call your senator today" 

http://TrumpCaretoolkit.org   https://www.pscp.tv/w/bBrf2zQxNDg1MjN8MXJtR1BQWUxsclFHTogNJ2RqzVL4V4JaCFgy2ulduu_0FBid0Er1IKcMiDyU …
Lower taxes would improve my life.
Thank you.  Someone important who understands what they should be doing.
And so, WHAT CAN WE DO ABOUT IT?
Medical inflation doesn't follow CPI

Cost of milk
2009:$3.05
2016: $3.29

Cost of epipen 
2009: $103.50
2016: $608.61

#Medicaid
F KOCH BROS
