hope your 7CA colleagues do the same esp with Posner retiring ... too many vacancies for #Trump there
Seems a strange thing to me, that prez appoints so many judges.  Why don't they get reviewed by a rotating standing cte, which sounds weird.
you have three levels of courts and over 300M people with lots of law = lot of judges / generally fixed committee system for nominations
So it's alot for a Prez to get involved with, I mean.
Look how he hasn't time to do it. But IDK.  Just seems a lot.  But if they stay 20+yrs
Thank you!
Thanks, Senator Franken! I suspect @SenKamalaHarris will do the same.
Your full of Hot blubber and bull. Stras is imminently qualified for the position, something you bear no relationship to
BOT
Thank you Sen. Franken for your honest work.
You've come a long way grasshopper. Nicely done.
Thank You Senator, Although I'm Arizonian, I am SUPER DUPER PROUD of YOU, Now go kick some A** .. 
Keep up the good work
Thank you for your wise approach, hard work and ability to make necessary tough decisions for the country.
Yes...I hope you get the chance!   It seems Mitch McConnell has other ideas on that:

Thanks for representing a successful future for America Senator Franken! It matters!
TY - your white hat is positively glowing thru this dark year, and we thank you.
Thank you!  #Franken2020.
Keep fighting the good fight Al!  We need more like you!
Thank u,
thank you ...@TheDemocrats  

this is what 
having a pair looks like
Thank you
Thank you! Minnesotans are grateful for your leadership!
Thanks!
TY @SenFranken. You are my adopted (in my ) senator! I live in KY, so I count on you to stand up for me. All @dscc should follow your ex.
Enough of corrupts !!! This SO CALL  looks for the worst on everything to fill openings in his crooked administration.that is Putin orders!!
Thank you, Senator!!
Thank you! Don't return the blue slip and don't let McConnell and gang bully/intimidate you.
Thank you!
Thank you for your hard work.
Our judiciary was not meant to be the politically motivated branch of government that it's quickly becoming.
Thank you Senator!
Thank you Senator Franken
Thank you!
Thank you
You have always set the bar for integrity and intelligence. Hold that line!
Erik Paulsen was tweeting a few weeks ago about this. Requesting that we call you n Amy to voice our support for him.  NOT!
BOT BYE
Shame on you
BOT GOODBYE
I love how thorough you are.  I've watched conf. hearings - you do your homework - awesome!!
Isn't he fabulous? I just love him but then I love all the Dems!!
Thank you Senator Franken!
Pulls up from 30 feet - BANG!
NY  supports you!
Keep up the great work! America needs more like you.
Any dem that works w/this president is betraying every single democrat. We need to impeach, not be buddy buddy w/a fake POTUS.
Go get 'em, Sen. Franken!!!
Thank you for having the backbone that seems to missing in so many.
Great, responsible intelligent decision from Franken.
Oppose them all.
Thank you, sir.
Bravo sir!
not to mention the GOP did this with virtually all Obama nominees. Potus is illegitimate. Resist.
Al Franken For President 2020! Theme song :I Can See Clearly Now
@SenFeinstein Thank-you hopefully the rest of the Democrats on this committee will speak out also this nomination is beyond FLAWED
Thank you!
Thank you @SenFranken
Excellent reasoning, I'm behind you 100%
We sink a little more every time Trump gets his way! Get them out of our country! #TrumpRussia
Good!
No end runs around the process!! Yeah hang in there Senator Franken.
Thank you
Dear @SenFranken - we need leaders like you to stand up for Democracy.  We see it slipping away &  are grateful for your leadership.
Yes and Amy Barrett is unfit because she's a devout Catholic.
Of course because Stras follows  the law of the constitution unlike the democrats who have comprehension issues with it! What a joke you are
What a joke, a failed comedian blocking @POTUS judicial nominee. GOP should have stopped Ginsberg, Sotomayor, and Kagan. #StopSenateHacks
This is  ridiculous
How DARE Stras have role models who oppose human rights violations & sundry totalitarianism!
Absolutely lost my vote next election. Justice Stras deserves a hearing in front of the whole Senate.
Since bots can't vote, no loss.
Funny, it seems Justice Stras won by a wider margin than you did...they like him better than you...cheating n lying is all you got..we see!
I'm embarrassed to be from Minnesota.  You were a crappy actor and a crappy politician
God forbid you would have to approve of someone who backs the constitution. But U cry constitution when it suits you for outsiders
For sum reason i trust your judgement rite now, maybe its those 3 and 5 leg frogs u got in Minnesota, but me trust means heaps. Go4it.
CHRIS CHRISTY, JILL STEIN, ELAINE CHAO, DE VOS CARSON PRICE TILLERMAN GOLDMAN SACHS STEVE MCMUNCH STEALING SPIES TRAITORS
REMOVE GORSUCH  PRISON FOR LIFE FOR ALL REPUBLICANS ELECTORAL COLLEGE, GOP, RYAN MCCONNELL  GRASSLEY CRUZ RAND PENCE , CHAFFETZ,
MANAFORT, KUSHNER, PAM BONDI RICK SCOT,  ILEANA ROS LENTHIN, CARLOS GIMENEZ, CARLOS CURBELO; MICHAEL LEVINE ,MARCOS RUBIO, FL
IMPEACH INCARCERATE ALL I MENTIONED NOW & FOREVER  NO PLEAS  TRUMPS, PENCE, ADMINISTRATION FLYNN & SON, GUILANI GINSBURG, DUNES
@JewishDefense @JewishDefenceNY
GOOD MORNING 8


Bad move on your part.  You are not a good thing.
You're a bot. Nice try. Blocked.
Thank you
Thank you for your integrity Senator!  The American people need more like you!
*totalitarian
What a partisan hack!
thanks for taking a principled position on Justice Stras.
#ImpeachTrumpANDPenceNow #NeverthelessShePersisted #GuantanamoforTrump #EVIL  @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski  @nytimes @WSJ
If the Heritage Foundation floated this guy's name to be appointed, then out with him, Says I.
Thank you
Yeah, anybody who follows the constitution is no friend of the LEFT!
What about the other votes?????
You fraud. Because he has a different prospective than you he is not qualified? Look at the lib SCJ that Obama nominated. Did you object?
Thank you @SenFranken I stay in St Paul every other week, but my residence is in Kansas City, MO. I wish you were my other Senator. #youknow
I wish he was your senator as well.
Just finished your book - this may repair some of the cracks in your soul. 
Thank you!!
I worked at MN Court of Appeals when Stras was appointed to Minnesota Supremes. Thank you, Senator, for opposing his nomination to CA8.
I am going to start a Trend on Twitter, It will be called #ShorterThanATrumpPresidency
I am going to start a Trend on Twitter, It will be called #ShorterThanATrumpPresidency  Please #RT
Why should Pres Trump work with you? When you block him every step of the way? You need to put the people first over your hatred of Trump
Good!
God you are a craven political hack.
Adding my thanks!
Thank you, Senator.  You make me proud to be a Minnesotan.  I am proud of YOU!
I hope you'll also consider a run for the big office in 2020, Senator. 
Thank you.
Thank you
Well done sir. Can you tell Mueller to hurry up!
Thank you Al!
Thank you. We need moderate judges who will make well-reasoned decisions based on law, not ideology.
How did you get on the Judiciary Committee in the first place? You would oppose anyone @POTUS picked. Your bias is showing
You're such a vile partisan hack that you'll block a justice on your state's supreme court because you are STILL throwing a tantrum over Nov
Franken is just a moron who needs to go!
Thank you, Senator.
Lol, so basically only liberal justices are good. Luckily you don't matter.
*totalitarian
Pro 2nd amendment
The Federalist Society are Tory Swine Usurpers.!  @FedSoc
Please pass legislation that legalizes cannabis nationally. We are not the land of the free if we criminalize a plant. #itsaplantforfucksake

Thank you Senator Franken!
Of course you will....
Sure. He will get elected. Nothing our Dem senators can do! There is NO hope.
With the numbers of people fighting this admin there is always hope. Take a break and come back stronger 
You mean this racist admin! They out to destroy America n we just sitting n watching it. Basically giving us all a middle finger.
Obama did far more to destroy this country most of it thru executive orders which are not laws. Sheep?
By doing DACA, he destroyed this country?  Do you even have a heartbeat!!!
Destroyed the country. Are you delusional? They are hear illegally.  We do have a process to become a legal citizen. The country is OK.
They were kids, 6 years or under. They grew up n pay taxes here. They don't know any other country. No empathy? Not their fault. Comprehend?
How do you know they pay taxes? What do you say to those that are following the legal process? When does it stop? We must protect our people
Fight as hard as you have ever fought. IQ45 & his reprehensible ideas will continue to rip US to shreds w/noms like this long after impchmnt
Judicial noms should not be outsourced to @FedSoc! Thanks for repping the people and not special interests!
Go Franken! Stas is far too ideological, extreme, and political. Too far outside the mainstream to fairly consider cases
Tell me why this isn't hopeless?  You will be outvoted and the thugs will get in for the next 40 years.  I think my country is no more
TY
Al. You're a joke. Go back to SNL!
Question for Senate Dems when Will Dems do what #GOP Senators did to @POTUS44 by putting holds on some of these Far-right Ideologues?
The first two sentences of the second paragraph of your "statement" prove you're a duplicitous hypocrite, and a sham.
Hold, Hold, Hold! DACA first.
BRAVO SEN FRANKEN
Of course UR reasoning could b adjacent 2 THE loss of Maria ... WAY 2 remain POLITICALLY CONSISTANT . drive my point .. HOME .. UTOPIA . WEE
Wearing your diapers today are you?
As usual Obstructionist #democrat #AlFranken proves he's a Clueless #Demagogue. Justice Stras's imminently qualified 4 #POTUS nomination
You are great! Why don't all MOC seem as prepared as you? DM me, I won't  tell (well, just my twitter friends only, k)
Lol- maybe some reading and research is called for
Oh really....well isn't that a shock...oh wait, the Dems have NO message, work 100% against the American People so all ya got is block.
see how well that has worked for Dems in 2016, will repeat it in 2018 and again in 2020. Keep doing what you are doing..working well for ya
but by golly...you support @kathygriffin ..... shows your character...oh wait....lack of character.
#Insanity
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you Senator Franken!
But of course you will. Trump could nominate Jesus Christ and you'd blah blah too extreme blah blah.
I would expect nothing less: you don't need to make a statement
Sir, the whorange bastard the "outsider" is doin everything he can to re-elect himself.Maybe some ppl need to wake up from their hibernation
Thank you!
Thank you. Please no more nominations from this president under investigation
suggestion for the future @SenFranken is to do your research before making statement
Thanks for all you do. #FrankenforPresident
Too bad you can't do much to stop it if McConnell wants him to go thru!! #Impotent
I can't see your statement on fb and resent idea that everybody should use fb. Please link statement to your website our other access site.
I agree w/U, I don't use FB but AF made it easy bc he is sooo smart, & knows many of us don't use social media!Specially FB!
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you!   Al Franken 2020
So, you admit it's just because you disagree with him? "Justice Stras is a committed public servant" - @SenFranken
sounds reasonable. GOP did it just bc he was black.
Now who is a racist.....mmmmmm you!
my goodness the goons are out tonight. nervous, are ye?
Goon? Ouch
Thank you Stras's is a disgrace views need to be exposed
If by "a disgrace" you mean "exceptionally well-qualified," then yes, you are correct.
