#Netneutrality allows a small business in Minnesota to compete with the big guys, it drives innovation, and it protects free speech.
More than 2 yrs ago, after outpouring of grassroots support from Americans, @FCC put rules in place to permanently protect #netneutrality.
In the time since, @FCC rules have faced constant attacks by mega-corporations that want to squeeze more $$$ out of biz and their customers.
Earlier this year, under President Trump, new head of FCC @AjitPaiFCC announced proposal to gut #netneutrality protections.
Let me be very clear: getting rid of #netneutrality would destroy the internet as we know it.
Allowing giant corporations to pick and choose content available to everyday Americans would threaten the basic principles of our democracy.
I've fought @AjitPaiFCC's proposal bc consumers, small biz, & all people deserve an open internet. And millions of you have bought back too.
Millions of people in MN & across our nation have weighed in on destructive @FCC proposal to destroy #netneutrality, & I hope they're heard.
But in addition to having their voices heard, I want someone in charge of @FCC who believes best interest of Americans > special interests.
RED ALERT: Destroying the internet as we know it shouldn't be a top priority for head of @FCC. But tomorrow's vote could keep him in place.
And what's more, if @AjitPaiFCC is approved for another term, he could conclude that Americans' broadband needs are being met.
You see, @AjitPaiFCC has also signaled potential changes that could deem mobile only service sufficient for communities across the nation.
.@AjitPaiFCC, while mobile technology may one day support the same functions as fixed #broadband services, that is not the case today.
We need to make sure all Americans—including those in rural, tribal, low income communities—have access to reliable & affordable broadband.
So tomorrow, I hope colleagues will keep in mind that @FCC chair should be someone who upholds principles of internet, listens to Americans.
I used resist bot to write my senators.  Thank you for the heads up.
One way or another it will be fucked up.
#NetNeutrality I believe is a form of speech. Which also includes internet search and use. We should not be restricted bc of our carriers.
Aaahhnnnd the #SanctionBill toeay!

@SenSchumer?

@pelosi?

no one?

let it expire like #CHIP?
Here's a simple video that could help explain to people what net neutrality means  https://youtu.be/tkvxWvhhaws 
I'm so glad we have you, Senator. Don't let @AjitPaiFCC and his Verizon/Comcast cronies strip #TitleII and ransack #NetNeutrality!
now what do we do. We did all we could. They still voted him in
It means Liberals will control every you see, leave the net alone.  Stop trying to control everyone's life & go back to comedy.
Please turn off Fox News!
Cathy stop watching CNN & MSNBC they make you think you know what is going on when you actually do not!!!!!
Maybe in Stuart Smalley word that's what it means... #NetNeutrality

 Do you think at all before you tweet?
It's all neutral in it's delivery . No content gets tier 1 bandwidth while restricting other content .. symmetric flow of ALL CONTENT
This year I am celebrating my 21year love connection with the internet. My my how things have changed.
Needless to say, I have faith my state reps would fight this corporate takeover of the internet.
@SenatorMenendez @CoryBooker
Why How Could they #Republicans> Why are WE  allowing this policing on our internet #smh #netneutrality
There always have been news items--however delivered--with questionable information.  The problem is with our own inability to be objective, reasoned., and reasonable.  Pandora's box opened.  People no longer feel like they have to they hold back their rage and contempt.
Senator, can you please talk some sense into your Republican colleagues? They don't seem to listen to us.
In other words, without it your internet provider decides what news and entertainment you have access to. Not you anymore.
Any chance of your running for president!???
It already is. Horrible that it will get worse. The older I get the more I want off the internet.
#bananalips
Get CHIP funded again, impeach the orange one
Well I guess you can kiss #netneutrality goodbye. @GOP has always favored big business over people. ALWAYS
Current #netneutrality rules do not protect consumers. Content providers can and current discriminate traffic. Get the facts, do your job.
One more way to keep the poor down. When tech levels the playing field, the 1% tip it again.
Sadly, that did not work so well in the last Prez election...especially with FB
But "Trump's State Run Internet" will be fast. Getting all that propaganda out there.
Are we frightened yet?
Simple requirement, clear and concise.... #Netneutrality #innovation
Russian #hacking means that the election is a fraud because the Russians manipulated our elections.
Or- some company can't make your porn buffer so you will pay more- keep it real.
It is simply a Government take over of another free enterprise. These are businesses providing a service the Fed Gov could never supply.
Glad someone is watching other people hints going down...keep neutrality
Senator, how can we maintain the freedom of the internet & still protecting citizens from things like what Russia has done/is doing to us?
Thank you. I never actually understood the term.
We're also very worried about CHIP. Did Congress really just let it expire?
Thank you for your support on thin issue, Sir!!
Thank you for that simple explantion!
Or by what service you are paying for! Call Congress! This is huge
And if it’s coming from Trump - it’s false
I remember when downloading Anything took half a day on dial-up modem. Nothing is slow on internet anymore. You just want government control
This is frightening stuff !!
This is a big deal - thanks Sen. Franken for staying on top of this. I want MY Senators to jump on this also @SenStabenow @SenGaryPeters
Why does this keep coming up? Why did CHIP expire? What does the Republican party have against the average American?
This is why we need you as president. The current administration will control information as they they did during Vietnam
Thank you Senator Franken.  You always put the needs of your constituents first.  I admire you and wish you were MY senator.
ACA wasn't affordable guess what Net Neutrality won't be...
We need to regulate Internet service providers the way we do utilities. They are far more dangerous and far more powerful
As a socialist policy it restricts the free market. I don't want the gov regulating my internet. Picking winners and losers.
Lol you're ok with corps doing it and charging $? Govt protects the ppl from big biz. You're brainwashed if you think otw. #RussianPropagand
Internet shud b listed as utility. current category Is frm when they only offered TV. Phone srvc is a utility. So treat it all that way.
Or when shopping the first eight sites are from fucking Amazon because they pay the most money.
You’re doin’ great out there Al! Thank you for your work!
to be honest a world without the internet would be a better place .
@AjitPaiFCC is a former employee of Verizon and his plan to demolish #NetNeutrality is making his former bosses very happy #DrainTheSwamp
Does this include blocking Russian bots? Who would decide?
Russian bots must be managed by the administration of the platform on which they operate. Net neutrality only concerns the infrastructure.
Definitively limiting one's ability 2 think independently or analyze
CHIP expired! 9 million children senator —
Are you sure? Because the @GOP is gonna want the Russians to get their ads out there fast! @realDonaldTrump can't win without Russian ads.
Net neutrality=freedom.
You couldn't be more wrong when has 7000 pages of gov regulation made anything more free?
When it stops corporations from screwing people over. You know, how it's supposed to work
It's funny because the regulations we're all written by the biggest corporations. U went from dial up to now on the free market why change.
Need to make sure the net stays neutral or dictatorship follows!!!
Its like a tidal wave,i know- its not one battle- everything is a battle. Pls lead the party out of  dark ages and get them on the offensive
Go Al Go!!!  Run the table on this.  Thanks for doing what you do!!!
Yes Al
@SenSanders @SenWarren @SenJohnMcCain PLZ plz look to our youth first and foremost.  @POTUS @Lily_NEA STOP ESOL segregation!
PLZ learn from the mistakes of S. Florida, NYC (esp. Bronx), California.  ESOL segregation in schools = gang violence.
Tell Google, YouTube, Facebook, Twitter that. You know, the companies that run DEFENSE and censor Conservatives in YOUR names. (DEMS)??
So Zuckerturd can still peddle any propaganda he wants?
Unfortunately no, because First Amendment. Now, hate speech, that's questionable and @scouts has been unclear.
