A woman from Moorhead, Minn. told me that if it weren't for #Medicaid, her family wouldn't have any way to pay for her mother's care. Watch:
Chuck is the CEO of a rural hospital doing really innovative work in MN. Here’s what he told me abt what cruel cuts to Medicaid would mean:
why the Medicaid expansion was such a "success"
and the Obamacare insurance "exchanges" utterly failed

#humannature
#poordoesntmeanstupid
I am relying on Medicaid since a car accident has changed my life.  Thanks for standing up for me SenFranken
My brother, a US Army active duty soldier was diagnosed with cancer in 2012. He was afforded the best treatment at #UNC money could buy 1/
stress on top of cancer. Thank you, @SenFranken and all those attempting to #ProtectOurCare.
for rainy days. Her #brainstemtumor left her so physically affected she took ST disability, was diagnosed, began treatment, exhausted 6*
Why can't people just "buy into" medicaid?
My son has autism and i thank you so much for fighting for him as hard as i do thank you senator.  Autism mom from Alabama!
Thanks, my Senator Al Franken. You are n awesome Senator and so is Amy Klobuchar! We appreciate your work and your fearless support!
Thank you @SenAlFrank 
You are a good man sir.  BTW,  loved Giant or the Senate
Thank you for trying.
Thankyou Senator! Keep moving forward.  Btw, I went to High School in Minnesota.  A great American State.
Thank you, Senator!
I'm 70 and raising 19 yr old grand w seizures since birth. Severe brain and cognitive damage- needs  caretaker from Medicaid when I'm gone.
Thank YOU Al!
Thank you Senator Franken for putting people first.  Franken for president.
 @SenFranken 
Thank YOU for fighting for us!
Yes please help our medicaid. Please tell me how the Republicans can cut our Social Security when the workers pay into that fund?
Pls don't stop speaking for us. 3 days ago I was told that I have cancer,when my cash is gone, I'll only have Medicaid, please don't stop
Thank you for all your support and your advocacy on behalf of all our kids! @childrensmn
You are an amazing human being.
Why should non working able bodied adults receive Medicaid? Why should they have no skin in the game?

Thank you, sir. So glad you represent me and all my family.
My fortune we the people hired you/we want you all to work together or we the people are coming and taking over all jobs from the Senate 
@SenAlFrank   No...thank YOU!  Every move you make is for Americans, and we appreciate everything you do!  Thank you more than you know!
So proud of you working so hard to protect Minnesotans and all Americans Senator Franken!!
Thank you senators
Need to stop messing around Democrats single payer for all Little Denmark Universal Health Care 1914. We had 103yrs to fix

Do they? GOP'S Don't think so  #Resist
Thank you Sen Franken
I have been bedridden for the last 2 wks after back surgery & unable to do much for the 2 + months prior to the surgery.I have been watching
Please talk to all the republicans that they need to vote no.
The more I watch the craziness in Washington DC the Moore certain people rise to the top as honest and people we can trust. You are one
Thx for speaking out against the #HealthCareBill Us MDs/RNs will keep calling because we care for people too! #DoctorsSpeakOut #NoRepeal
B4 U criticize some 1, U should walk a mile in their shoes. That way when u criticize them, u are a mile away from them & u have their shoes
I work in county mental health. Medicaid is vital to so so many people and families.
Thank you Senator Franken!!! 
And can't make ends meet!!
Vote no to cut Medicare and Medicaid. Disabled person who is 55 and being penalized by age tax and cuts. I pay 170.00 a month for ma-epd
How do you survive in that dysfunctional circus? Thanks for your commitment to democracy
Thank you, Senator! This doesn't affect my family at the moment, but it very well could some day. Deeply appreciate your efforts!
Sharing the story Senator
Thank YOU Senator Franken....hope you are holding up well....it must be difficult to be a retired comedian surrounded by JOKES.
Yes BAD jokes
@SenateDems please keep up the fight for our rights to healthcare!
Thank you, Senator Franken 
Thank you sir
Thank you so much Sen Franken
Thank you @SenFranken . You're a white hat for sure.
W/o health ins people don't c docs-condition worsens-leads to inability 2 work-then hosp care 4 what could have been cured-then SSI-costs >$
It's not rocket science. A healthy community costs everyone less.
"Think about what that does to one life"..then multiply it by a few million. TY Senator. I'm not sure how my pts wld get their care w/o this
Stay Focused! Thank you!
Failed Comedian and Failed Senator!!!! How could they elect this Smuck?
Why do the Dems let the Repubs set the narrative for the ACA? They say it a disaster. Why isn't there any push back?
Keep pushing, Al. You and Amy make us proud.
Al, please run in 2020.
Heard you on @PodSaveAmerica and you are great!  Please be our next POTUS. #WeAllDoBetterWhenWeAllDoBetter 2020!!
My mom says we need more Senators like you. I agree.
@Auriandra  2nd 'Bill of Rights', sorry for confusion w/existing 2ND Amendment
people will have to quit work to stay home to care for elder/disabled relatives resulting in poverty or they don't quit and there is neglect
@Auriandra  simple solution to ACA, intro 2nd amendment giving every American Healthcare. FDR was working on 1945, but died!
i dont see dem efforts as obstruction ur our only hope obi wans

We should be assured with #JohnMcCaininsurance . All people should have this insurance. Pls fight.
Thank you Sir for being a great friend.( I am not sure what I will do as soon as I hear from my research committee. But it will not be Quite
You are the best Senator ever! (Except for my home senator Casey)  I am a proud off-the- boat - Irish American.
We don't matter.The GOP doesn't give a f.They could C babies struggling 2 breathe.I've had a dissected carotid & stroke.They don't give a f.

I like my insurance and the provisions provided thru the #ACA .. Never had to change drs and I live in SC..
#noskinnyrepeal
I didn't have to change my insurance carrier or doctors either!!
I am not on Medicaid.. Employer based insurance thru my husband's company..$189 per month, 1k deductable. no charge gyno, mammo, or yearlyCU
@marcylauren You sir are awesome.Any chance of you running for President in2020?Please it would make lots of people happy
Sharing stories because you can't give an original, coherent speech on your own...just like reading SNL script..
It's called ANECDOTAL evidence. The part that's scary is that about 20% of Minn. citizens r on Medicaid. That's almost 2x poverty rate (12%)
You don't even live here in Mn. I don't think you qualify to speak on our behalf.
Absolutely..it's not only horrible in Minn., it's horrible everywhere 
Lets just take all of the money being wasted on congress and put it toward care for the needy, should be plenty for all.
So proud of all the amendments efforts
Thank You
Medicaid is important for the poor and needy but not expanded for those who are able to help others There are rules for original Medicaid
Just like Medicare Disable or 65 yrs old  Rules count
I am disabled, SocSecDisability & Medicare, from accident at work.  W/O ins, one of my meds would be around $900 out of pocket. Just 1 med!
Thank you Senator Franken for your strength and commitment 
This is NOT ALL ABOUT MEDICAID!!!
Thank you Senator Franken for your efforts to help all see the human face of the health care issues!
You are not a good Senator you should resign
Thank you for sharing stories about "real people." Congress must understand there are people behind those numbers; people who are struggling
Frankenstein!!!!
Sadly, much of the GOP doesn't want to know about the human impact, they only want to assure wealthiest that they won't suffer financially!
Didn't you play Stuart Smiley?
If Ocare is so good why didn't you Liberals pass a law to put congress on it. Or that's right you pass many laws that don't apply to y'all.
United States needs a “ONE” FULL COVERAGE NATIONAL HEALTHCARE SYSTEM now!
Wish you would run in 2020... Dems need a guy like you to represent!
Thank you for serving the American people by speaking for us!
Thank you. I've summed up the value of Medicaid in one short video.
The ignorance of most, get well soon Mr. McCain, of the billioniar club is obseain. No child gets a choice of their life situation. Grrrrrrr
Thank you for consistently being a compassionate voice of reason.
Loved listening to #GiantoftheSenate! Made me laugh and fume. Keep fighting the good fight for us all
Per @topherspiro REAKING: The House has invoked martial law. If the Senate passes skinny repeal, the House can vote on it without notice.
Al...McCain, Graham, Perdue, et al trying to pull an end around!!! All hands on deck!!! People flood the streets of Washington!
if our voices mattered you would be pushing #singlepayer
Thank you @SenFranken !!!
Thank you sir! I am proud to be a Minnesotan because of you and Amy Klobucher!
Thank you!
Cuts to ABA funding is the ONLY cut to Medicaid I can get behind. We want compassionate services, not ones designed to make us look "normal"
Does our voice matter? It seems Trump  n republicans don't care about our voices they're going to do what benefits them.. not us!
I will personally look up anyone's Senator and give you their phone number.  Just ask!  #HealthCareVote
Thank you, Senator. Medicaid extended my disabled mom's life and allowed her to die with dignity. Please keep up the great work.
my mom is fighting breast cancer. Thank you for fighting for her.
 Keep up the great work, Sen. Franken.
Thank  you, Senator. Keep on keeping on.
Unfortunately I have no voice in Kentucky.  I rely on others to do the right thing.  Thanks
Then get rid of Obamacare. It works for a handful of states. We are going broke in La. trying to keep ins people let it go to keep the home
It works fine in states where the governor didn't fight Medicaid expansion tooth an nail. Jindal fucked you, early and often.
Actually the majority of the states it does not work. So many carriers have dropped out. Only 4 states adopted all 3 parts. 3 of all of them
Does the GOP understand that there are real people they are trying to kill.  I don't think they do.  They just hate Obama
Yep 
Roger Stone threatened Sen. Graham and is inciting violence! https://twitter.com/RogerJStoneJr/status/890621599359000576 …
Report him.
I did....you too!  Put in an FBI complaint!
Thank you!
You're just looking for votes for 2020
You should run
Not bad for a Senator huh America?
Thank you, Sen. Franken. Also, @SenatorDurbin @SenDuckworth @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins and literally every @SenateDems

