As a result, DeVry paid $100 million to settle those claims and provide financial
restitution to defrauded students.
Outrageously, the Trump Admin and @BetsyDeVosED have just appointed a former DeVry dean to the office that investigates higher ed fraud.
That’s like putting the fox in the henhouse. Now I believe fraud should be punished, not rewarded—I don’t think that’s a controversial view.
But already, the Trump Admin has unraveled two safeguards that protect students from for-profit fraud. And now this.
These are clear messages to fraudulent for-profits that they have nothing to worry
about while @POTUS is in office.
And as a @HELPCmteDems member, and a Senator from MN—where we’ve seen for-profit fraud firsthand—I’m very disturbed by what’s happening.
This is the American Way and it is a lost way.  Theifs abound in corporate America
The for profit online so called universities ahave been committing fraud on consumers for yrs. take the fed loan money less than half gradua
By my count, that makes them the perfect choice to head up Drumpf's office to investigate fraud!
Maybe they can merge with Trump University
Great idea!
Thanks. I'm going to go eat a trump steak Now to celebrate
Lol
Don't forget the champagne popsicles for dessert!
How can I ever forget
Awful. But like Trump university, when the "school" accepts screen grabs of your best Donkey Kong Jr score in lieu of S.A.T. Score...
DeVry Is a Fraud as claimed by Thousands of students.
Yeah, so let's give that guy a job. #Facepalm
You make perfect sense. I hope you can fix the mess this admin is making in 3.5 more years...
Since 1931, Al?   Why did you wait until now?
Biggest offender is Phoenix University. I use the word University loosely. Huge scam! Take loan money from govt. less than 50% graduate
Please do something!!!  Legislate, oversight @realDonaldTrump administration stat!!!!
It's like a bad dream
Restore full bankruptcy rights to students loan borrowers, its the only way to prevent predatory lending fr profit and federal loan programs
Just like Trump University. How coincidental.
Please don't confirm him for ANYTHING in Dept of Educ.,  Hands off, no loan repayment, WithOut a Education!  #StudentLoanRateSoonUp500%
Hey, maybe DeVry can be #POTUS in 2020?
her husband-AMWAY heir, brother Erik Prince, can't forget Trump University... Thick as thieves- that are thieves! Deliberate chaos.
Thank you @SenFranken for having our best interests at heart. Let's hope that good overcomes evil.
Kinda like Trump u
Isn't this the definition of conflict of interest?
It is, but Paul Ryan is either involved with Trump or doesn't give a damn! What are they doing in Washington, besides getting graft & pay ck
Ryan serves his prosperity god. I believe my rep & senators are doing their darnest 2 support our interests, but the GOP serves the rich.
Can you knit something to ram down Trumps throat to shut him up. Of course he would fart himself to death!
Sounds exactly like our Senators?
Let's not complain, let's impeach the fucking trumpturd administration! #ImpeachTrumpANDPenceNow
I still think you would be a great president for us. I know u could bring this all back together.
Please run for potus 2020!
2020, this Country will be so far gone by then, it will take 2 life times to get it in order. We are the laughing stock of the world.
Sadly you are probably right.
What are you and Congress doing about this and all Trump lawlessness and destruction of our government? NOTHING!!
The GOP has the majority. If you wanted someone to provide oversight you should have elected Dems.
Even a minority party has power.
Not enough. They are doing what they can.  Without bi partisan support it is hopeless unless we flip the 
Of course that's what I hope.
Isn't that similar to Trumps business school/college?
They should've went to Grand Canyon University.
So....Trump U? Maybe the same director of operations?
And leaving them with a $70K debt! Grrrrr...
They issued books they bought from trump university. What did you expect?
Replace DeVry with Trump and same thing
#trumpuniversity
DeVry ought to have its certification/licensure whatever, removed. You politicians should DO something.
Great
many swindling schools here in TN
sounds just like Trump university!
I got swindled by Medvance, who went bankrpt chgd name & started swindling again. But can't get my transcript even if any1 would count crdt.
I have same story about an accelerated tech school. Like the coding boot camps you see today.
I got swindled by Medvance, who went bankrpt chgd name & started swindling again. But can't get my transcript even if any1 would count crdt.

There are a bunch of these so called schools. They exist for no other reason than to part students from their federal aid.
Yeah, my son almost fell for it.
Didn't trump just appoint the former DeVry 'university ' exec to oversee scale back of regulations governing 4profit 'universities '???
Thanks!
Too Much Ads!
I'm in debt to (technically because of, not to, they already got their check) ITT Tech for the very same reason.
Is DeVry a code name for Trump University?
.#DoYourJob
Honor your Oath to America.
Run Al Run! Got ur back here in Florida!
And targeted vets because of the GI Bill!
very familiar
20 years later, and I'm still struggling to pay it off and repair the damage to my credit.  What can we do about it.  #devry
We need to shine a light on this so that the students are warned of the danger.
That sounds oddly familiar.
45 & Devos dismantling American educational system, students will be limited to being accepted at fraudulent colleges
On Trump job App
1/ Have you served prison time 
2/ Broken federal laws 
3/ Russian affiliations
Must complete Any 2 above before hiring
Not exactly Control Data.
At least they're name sounds legit, right?
Who would have thought a university that advertised on late night TV would be a little shady?
So it's a good fit then.
Proposal: The baseline purpose for granting a Corporate Charter in the first place, is that a "Public Good" will result from the business.
Therefore: CONDITIONS must be attached to issuance of Corporate Charters. (Otherwise, you're free to do any business as an individual!)
First and foremost condition: Provide Employment for Americans. AND. Pay for education and training of your American Employees.
This would be done through some kind of tax or call it whatever you want. Zero-out corporate tax. I don't care. As long as they pay for this
If a corporation is not doing these things, at a minimum, then why the hell do We The People give them a Corporate Charter?
As Trump would say: That's a Terrible Deal.
YASSSS!! Tell it!! @CNNPolitics
@realDonaldTrump is trying to make his lifetime of lies, stealing, conning seem ok in his eyes! #MuellerIsComing
Well they need More Criminals in the White House
Hey Al, that's been going on in Chicago since the 1950s!
So in other words, someone from DeVry would be a perfect fit to work with Betsy DeVos....
@SenCapito you voted for DeVos — is this what you had in mind for WV and the country?
@VigilanceJCWV @Sen_JoeManchin @PersistResist2
If uou can't help someone don't harm them. This administration's mantra and record do nothing but harm others and enrich themselves.
Hmmm. That sounds familiar. DeVry. Trump. Taking advantage of people desperate to improve their circumstances.
Sad
Sounds like trump u
Same with CTU(Colorado Technical Institute. 99% of the way thru my degree they "no longer offered it" and made me choose smtg else $$wasted
Still more legit than Trump U.
It seems like most colleges are for profit when it comes right down to it. Much like McDonald's or Walmart.
Maybe DeVry was talking about their own officials?
Who else is trump gotta get? There aren't any ethical ppl willing to work with him. Look at his cabinet, speaks volumes. Sad!
Does Trump own it or have a steak (sic) in it ?
Like every college and university
I have been saddled by a debt I cannot retire for over 20 years bc of #DeVry
But let's put the guy in charge of that debacle into an Administration job doing the same thing. Sounds legit.
That happens at every college unfortunately
Dont forget trump U.
Sorry I thought you said Trump University.
Not...I repeat--not photoshopped
1. @SenFranken is awesome.
2. Trump Admin. have done this with virtually ALL positions, i.e. Pruitt @EPA 
3. In many ways, Trump is the

/1
perfect POTUS for @GOP because his shameless dismantling is what Republicans always want but couldn't figure

/2
I believe they were the business model for Trump University but of course any business with the Donald Trump touch fails. 
Everything Trump does flies in the face of truth and what's right. Sad what he's doing to America.
Birds of a feather....kinda like TU.
What is wrong in Wash!Sen.Franken!Corruption has become a business model!!!
I have a degree from DeVry which is not fraudulent, but I always had concern about their recruitment strategy.
And yet they are trying to install the head of this Univ to be in charge of the Dept of Ed's fraud unit.  Where's the logic in that???
Not surprised. Exactly what this admin is experienced at.
Senator, just like the "Trump University"???
Sen. Every single for profit college does this. They all need to be shut down
Mrs. DeVos specialty!
I was an electrical engineer for 33 years.DeVry graduates were the least qualified and unprepared candidates I saw.I didn't hire any of them
""
Sounds just like Trump University - no wonder Trump likes Mrs DeVry
Ironically, "vrij (vry)" means "free" in Dutch, so DeVry University literally means the (De) Free University!
Like most universities, they should have been a comedian
And I know many victims of the scam who are in debt and jobless.
But Al - you are forgetting that you get to keep the tools man. Ok fine you don't know how to use them and you have no job - but the tools
Sounds like the perfect resume for a job in the Trump administration
Please run for president,  @SenAlFrank @senalf. The country needs you.
Sounds like Trump University
Anyone else here think Senator Franken should be our next president? *raises hand*
What a perfect for for a WH position, along side all of the other crooks! This is a nightmare! This whole damn thing!
@SenFranken what can students who were victimized by Devry/Everest College,aka Corinthian College, do about student loan? They took it all.
is University of Phoenix like that?
And, who allows DeVry et al., to get away with swindling thousands of unsuspecting students?
Bougjt ?your book, you up for president
I know let's make the head of that university in charge of policing universities....he would have first hand knowledge of what is a crime.
Be wary of voc colleges, their $ is off fees from your school loans-same courses-btr teachers r @community colleges for lots less
Surprise, surfuckingprise.
"Trump admin taps former DeVry University dean as new head of @usedgov unit meant to police fraud in #highered "
Was DeVry owned by Tronald Dump?! #GodfatherTrump
All universities do this. Why was devry specifically targeted?
Yup... we're fucked.

Plz run for POTUS 2020! & w/ Kamala Harris as running mate… y'all can cancel the next Trump Show season.
Birds of a feather flock together she has to keep the same sketchy people around her
Sounds like Trump U.  Just another example of how Trump is leading the US into the shitter.
And this guy in charge of fraud !!???!? Omg.
Sounds exactly like someone who should work under Trump.
Hope you don't mind, I'm in South Dakota. We have 2 awful senators. I claim you and Amy as my senator S.
Hope you don't mind also being out Senator. I'm in Texas, and we have even worse Senators than SD (sorry David). Pls help.
It's amazing how bad the GOP has become. Wish you guys the best. Texas has great food and great music. You deserve better politics
Thank you. Frankly I would eat horse poop & listen to chalk screeching on a board to get rid of Cruz & Cornyn.
Any school allowed to push government backed student loans should be required to prove hire-ability of their graduates.
So what is the Senate doing to prosecute these for-profi$ scam operations?
Can we tell capitalists that Adam Smith said that capitalism depended on a free liberal education? Otherwise it's just feudalism.
Trump: Team of Supervillains.
So did Trump university ! Birds of a feather flock together. He has destroyed the integrity of the President of the US. I'm ashamed.
I worked for ITT and Westwood....all cut from the same cloth. TERRIBLE WHAT THE DID TO PEOPLE LOOKING TO FURTHER THEIR EDUCATION! Trump U 2
Stop this madness, Senator!
And those who couldn't get into DeVry got swindled at Trump University.
Was that like trump u?
Betsy Devos should not endorse behavior of DeVry by promoting its Executives into govt jobs!
They do what ever the hell they want to! Piss on the citizens of this country. We are shit at their feet!
There oughta be a law ...
Schools do not belong in the private sector. This is why.
The insanity never ends!  We cannot have ONE 24 hour break from this administration's madness.  Thank you, Senator, for being normal.
Not unlike Trump U.
For profit universities are garbage...100% garbage
Research before you speak.  Not all for profit schools are garbage.  Not all for profit schools gouge students.  Some just help students.
Another dump University
Humm, Sounds familiar,  Trump University anyone?
Maybe they have the same template as #TrumpUniversity
This sounds like a description of the colleges and universities in Philadelphia, they are more concerned about their real estate purchases!
Sounds like a Trump kind of guy
Please be outraged at Trump's back of the scenes actions to dissolve rights and protections.  We don't have a voice.
@GOP Senate rubber stamps the Cabinet picks then this is what we get next, demented picks
It's actually worse. Local governments paid employees extra pay based on the bogus PhDs masters etc. the government guarantees the loans!
It should be obvious by now. #TrumpIsAConman #ImpeachTrump
Ignorant. I block #cult45
Can anyone see an issue? Also can people see what these people are actually doing! Not only profiting looking to dismantle government too!
@mfore0142 ImpeachNowPrior2FurtherDamage2 OurDemocraticInstitutions!
Oh crap, I considered going to DeVry.
Now there needs to legislation to make it so presidents cannot choose people like DeVry this college defrauded veterans out of their GI bill
Just like TU.
Sounds like Trump U
So did Corinthian colleges and ITT. Exactly the reason why #privatization and #forProfit education is a bad idea. #charterschools too.
So does Phoenix.
Haha! Just like all the liberal institutions creating snowflakes.
Hmmmm...sounds like Trump U.#Masterofthehouse

We are ran by cons that want to rip our country apart... #sad #resist
It is impossible to take you serious Stuart. #moron
so did  #smssc #shakopeemdewakantonsiouxcommunity #CORRUPTION
here in CO, we have IBMC, Pima, and others doing the exact same thing. 
Oh, sounds familiar like Trump University.  Birds of a feather shit on people together!!
Love that place!!
And, let's not forget Trump University.
Trump always puts people who want to undermine the agency, in charge of that agency. It's a pattern. To destroy from within. Russia's goal.
Ahhh. Another Trump University model. Of course make that person in charge of this student fraud division. This is what he does. "Sad."
What do I do if DeVry took financial aid loan money from me after I applied but did not enroll in classes?
Did you expect DeVos to know anyone of substance or even marginally credible?
True but what about " real " colleges that put kids hundreds of grand in debt to get a BA in lesbian dance theory?
Almost took their electronic training!  Went to a Community College instead.
Sounds a lot like Trump University!
Trump U, swindled ppl in Florida and Texas,  recommended for criminal charges, local politicians took $ contributions & charges dropped.
Just like the president, crooked Donald with fraudulent Trump university.
A #Canadian implores you to be next #POTUS
I was a victim of theirs for one semester, before I realized how shady they were
DeVry and trump university are cut from the same cloth. Bogus!
You should check out Kaplan(Brightwood) they did the same to me...
Devos hired the former DeVry to monitor for-profit college fraud. Too ironic to be fiction
Love franken
The Great American Heist!
I love your honesty
Devry has other schools associated with it such as Chamberlain College of Nursing
Too many of these out there! But we 'value' job creators above honest, hardworking Americans
