Congress & the White House must act swiftly & assertively to bring relief to Puerto Rico. This is our job as federal lawmakers & Americans.
POTUS is hellbent on pushing through infrastructure projects & providing Americans with economic relief so this is a GOLDEN opportunity!
3.3 million Americans. That's twice as many as in the Dakotas, with their 4 US Senate seats.
.@SenFranken DO SOMETHING!! Show Trump pics of babies crying & hungry or @IvankaTrump & she'll show @realDonaldTrump! Get cruise ships 2 go!
Don't forget about the US Virgin Islands too!
There are 3000 containers w/ necessities sitting in port!  Can you help out with that?
And Trump bull shiting around the bush....not taking steps to help not even eliminating Jones Act..
And his ignoring of the situation alone should be an impeachable crime! This crap about a big ocean! really!
Thank you for working for all the American ppl. We need that so much right now.
On the up side at least your not down there.
And President is tweeting about NFL!! What a 
Sen. Help lift the #JonesAct like they did for #HarveyRecovery #IrmaHurricane 
Thanks for this plea, and thanks for coming to #Austin @TheDemCoalition @AustinTXStuff
I wish you and some other Senators would make a visit/humanitarian mission to raise awareness.
Can u guys work w/Carnival &other Cruise lines 2 bring them to shelters on the mainland until power/generators can be restored?
Congress should repeal the Jones Act.
surely there is a US government agency that has sufficient planes and ships to facilitate relief. A navy, or something
We need to get press on the ground there. A senator going would help.
And Trump is ignoring them because they're Hispanic. They're dying.
Suppose Price will charter a jet and fly down a 12 pack of water?
Geeze, come on Al, don't you know people across the US are kneeling?  Where ARE your priorities? http://OneAmericaAppeal.org  ...Make a donation.
The best way to assure the long term recovery of PR is to make them a state.
Which bureaucrat needs to be roasted in the media in order to get relief moving? #HelpPuertoRicoNOW
One correction: Not "facing" a humanitarian crisis. "Embroiled in" one. #ThatIsAll #PuertoRicoRelief
@SenFranken this is your moment, make it happen!
Someone in DC needs to do something since we don't have a Potus who is functioning. Ppl r going to die.
Why does anybody continue to support this monster Trump. Why is all of the Senate and the Congress not denouncing this horrible creature???
donny thinks they're all illegal mexican aliens living there so he's not going to lift a finger to help them.  He has no clue they're USA.
$20 billion for the Wall or fix Puerto Rico? What will Congress do? Prototypes are going up in San Diego!
Yes Senator, let's push trump over the edge tonight. He's all alone.
Stronger language, Al. Much, much stronger. Full & complete condemnation. Show the rage we all feel. You can be a more effective leader.
And the president for #MAGA white people is nowhere to be found.
And Drumpf just added Puerto Rico to his new travel ban.
this MUST force the statehood push for Puerto Rico ...
Are you a reporter or a Senator? What kind of stupid post is this?
Time to help is NOW. Thank you!
So what is congress doing about it? People's lives are at stake! THEY CAN NO LONGER WAIT!
Death on Trumpites hands
I truly believe that 45 cares more about TX,  and FL.  PR citizens can't vote.
IMPEACH HIM NOW!!!
Yeah but jackass @POTUS is worried about @PuertoRicoPUR's debt to his Wall Street overlords.
He just left usns comfort in norfolk dock. They only have 16 partially open hospitals out of 68
And trump tweets on  like everything is fine
And we have a president who can only think of himself!
http://unidosporpuertorico.com   ANY help is good enough! PLEASE they are people!!! People who lost everything and dont have food/water
Then get the fuck off Twitter and do something about it.
and no aid...it is like the USA doesn't consider them at all.
Trump already has this covered. Gov and mayor gave him props. You are just trying to find something to pick at. You lose
@SenFranken, please help our fellow Americans. Let's us know what we can do. #onenation #miisla
Hurricanes Maria & Irma devested U.S. Virgin Islands also. Please don't forget about those American citizens. Need food, water, electricity
I'd love to see all the high tech &clean energy come in and rebuild PR with the new technology clean energy. Make it a model for the future
Why are we not bringing them here for refuge?
Tell our President that, Al.
...and soon, massive outbreaks of a wide variety of disease will finish off those poor souls stranded in PR 
How do we rebuild?  Will this happen often?  We must be smart in Texas, Fl, and all islands with what we build back.
Yeah but trump said that he’s getting “great reviews” on the job he’s doing in PR...
What will you do about this, Senator?
Can't we send an aircraft carrier full of supplies & hard-working sailors to help rebuild? That would be an excellent use of tax dollars
and meanwhile, #donnydotard continues to tweet BS all day, everyday.  #helpPR #firethefool #donthecon #impeach #heisanasshat
We need actions not lip service like he just gave in the Rosie Outlook Garden.  #PotuS Really should be called The Great Deflector!
Tell that to"Don't Give A Shit"Donald 
Don't worry, though, @SenFranken, @realDonaldTrump is taking care of the #NFL!
But, but the NFL!!! 
I KNEW there had to be a way to say that without trash-talking the entire island.
Best way to say it: 3.3million americans
Are we looking at lifting the Jones Act for relief?
We need a Marshall plan.  If we can rebuild Europe after WWII we can easily rebuild PR.  We need leadership - push for Marshall plan for PR
Why did it take a week for the President to speak about the devastation in Puerto Rico?
Too bad there isn't a human sitting in the White House. Apparently it will be up to "the People" to handle it.
So let's go. Up and at it America.
About too busy kissing Somali ass
Total dereliction of leadership from the White House.
Yes! Let's #HelpPuertoRico
Sounds like it should have been named "Hurricane Israel"
I donated to the Hurricane fund the 5 former Presidents have, since Republicans and 45* are ignoring the Islands. Even Cuba is sending aid!
...but the NFL !!! SMH 
We need a new national anthem. Francis Scott Key was a racist slaveholder. Thought "the Negro was not human".
We have no president. We have no decency in gov anymore. It's a sad state of affairs! R's do nothing. US falling apart. Only to get worse!!
SEND WATER AND FOOD NOW.
#TrumpsAWhiteSupremacist and he wants to nickel and dime people in #PuertoRico to death. Literally.
He left them with a 33 million bankruptcy   He's scared to go. He shouldn't go either. A navel ship filled with supplies should.
Meanwhile the twidiot in chief is obsessed with football
Yes and America is without a POTUS! Just an infestation of Russians.
YES! This country has lost its mind! Leaders in 3rd countries are driven out of power 4 far less than what has conspired here w/this admin
Not even 3rd world - it took less than this in South Korea!
It's been a week. But keep on pushing. NO ONE LEFT BEHIND! Even if they're on an island in a very big, very very big ocean.....
Does @realDonaldTrump  realize this?
Actually, I think the Democrats devastated the infrastructure and Hurricane Maria was the icing on the cake.  The USA on the same path MAGA!
People dying & in major distress,POTUS worried about football players!
Meanwhile DT is saying socialism makes people miserable, yet that's what TX & Florida received quickly from our government, but not PR.
Where is the aid they need?Why hasn't trump sent a hospital ship,a aircraft carrier,a supply ship with food and water?why is he waiting? SAD
You need a brain for that.
*does not apply to current first family...
and Donald Trump has blamed the Puerto Rican population not mainland Wall St investors financially raping then abandoning the Island.
Meanwhile, idiot Trump is having rallies and bashing the NFL.
3.4 million Americans in Puerto Rico and 100K Americans in the U.S. Virgin Islands.
Trump: We have a more important problem with some football players the country needs to fix.
Yes, smart man. Put your heart to putting trump over the edge tonight. By Friday my friend. Let's be done with him.
Doe trump know that, has someone interrupted his tweeting and explained that to him?
what???? does the msm know about this???? They're all about @NFL these days
Like they did in Benghazi?  They are not leaders they are pandering politicians nothing more.
I'm glad we do have people like you who know your job is to make a difference! Thank you! #theresistance
And those boys aren’t standing for the anthem!
Trump is giving them Fema and military and what they need as fast as he can
Is this true?
And @realDonaldTrump is more worried about NFL players taking a knee instead. He should be ashamed! #theresistance
Will you be introducing legislation to fund an additional aid package for Puerto Rico and the US Virgin Islands?
They already got billions
When was this, Betty Jo?
Work with my senators @ChrisVanHollen and @SenatorCardin to make progress. ... They have indicated interest.
Oh they're interested. That's nice.
#ImpeachTrump  Crimes Against Humanity #SavePuertoRicoNow
You Mary are a liar
Isn't there something Congress can do to help them? I have been the Puerto Rico many times and I worry greatly about all the people.
What's Congress doing about it?!
