Mr. Franken what will it take to remove Trump from office a civil war or nuclear war? White Supremacist in the WH, democracy slipping away!
Yes we do, freedom is what our country was built on and it has nothing to do with the blatant hatred of the KKK and Neo Nazis,

Is Gov going after violent racists? Did prez take bad whitties groups off terrorist list? Cut nonpolitical pact with Reps Impeach! CD/ED
Starting with the  Democraps that think it's good 2 rig elections? #DNCFraudLawsuit #AwanBrothers #HillarysHackers #LockHerUp #LockthemAllUp
So glad we're hearing more from you these days. Very much needed. Go forth, do the good stuff...and laugh!
Start with getting rid of  8 hate groups in MN; racist cops in MN. You never have black folks in your photos. #PhilandoCastile
We can start by demanding the removal of Bannon, Gorka, and Miller.
We need to start impeachment proceedings immediately!
Make sure you ACT on both sides. BLM included.
We also need leaders who wont seek retribution &/or act just as extreme & uncompromising. A reboot of our nations parties & politics.
True. Let's start at the very top.
The donkey's trying to escape..
Get the Nazis out of the @WhiteHouse
Yeah calling Trump et al and the aprox 60mil who voted that way Nazis should help with that hatred&bigotry thing.  Not.
Im calling those 3 guys who advise Trump Nazis because they are. Did I mention his supporters?
No hate, divisiveness  and bigotry there.  The left has been calling conservatives Nazis for so long a lot of them actually believe it. Sad.
#ImpeachTrumpNOW
No more bigotry. But also hate the blind eye to attackers with weapons on the other side. Since when can people not speak even if it is vile
Agree with eradicating hatred and bigotry. Do not like you ignoring the non-whites and left-leaning with weapons attacking the protestors
Please begin be removing the fascist who is currently tainting the Oval Office. @POTUS is dangerous. #ImpeachTrump
We need to impeach Trump.  Before our country tears itself apart.  What he has unleashed soon won't be contained.  Don't let him win!
If this is the "Millenial's 1960s", can we get to The Summer of Love already?
Al Franken; platitude world champion.  Continued action, hatred, dismantle, bigotry, great thinking Alan!  Genius!
Yes, we do Al!  We need to stop it right here in MN!
Been the plan since 1933. Go to YouTube, BBC "The Business Plot".
Fascists don't realize they are fascist since they think themselves somehow deserving of their privelege.
Citizens that had a Father or Grandfather that fought Fascism no clue to American Fascism
You can start with stopping you Identity and Race politics. No group is more responsible for race problems than the Democratic Party.
We need to get @realDonaldTrump out of the White House! His racist, judgmental, and "it's everyone's fault" attitude HAVE TO GO!!!
I agree. So we can put AntiFa (Neo Bolsheviks), La Raza and BLM on this list too. All the Supremacists groups need to be destroyed
Please...please...find violations of his oath of office...
You think abt why  the President does what he is doing   , try and be abetter  SenAtor !
SOS!
Get all the politicians to agree not to pander to hate and bigotry and get their donors to do the same. #WorkOnIt
Thank you Senator.
I apprecite ur statement. Better yet for not jumping on anti_president wagon. Dems, did not understand why old dems voted for Trump, yet!!
Carrying a Nazi flag or banner in public should be prohibited by federal law under incitement of a riot. 5 yrs min. mandatory sentence.
The only way we r going to accomplish that, is by cleaning the cesspool in the WH...Impeachment would be a great first step! Thx 4 ur effort
Kind of like your friend David Letterman was saying - it's all about our actions, our talk is cheap.
Franken / Warren 2020
To respect your right to do so...
Our children & grandchildren. We should never hate based on race , religion, color or political party. I don't have to like Trump ...
Hatred has been much more prevalent since The onset of Trump, it is a shame that the country can't agree that hate is not what we want for..
Absolutely
Start by getting rid of that subhuman life form known as POTUS.
How to do deal with Breitbart "News" etc. ? Disinformation/lies are at the center of hatred and bigotry.
I agree, let's shut down the Democratic Party.
Please start the impeachment process, Trump has proven he is unfit for the office. Engage your colleagues to start this process.
Trump needs to set right tone to be effective. Asking for Americans to love one another when all Trump does is fight/insult won't work.
Kindly explain how to do this...
Start with your president!
Better have some anti racist republicans with some guts:-/
Good luck with that Al.  I don't see it happening.  Until everyone is treated equally, I fear more blood in the streets will continue.
Our present administration is full of racist. If Trump is serous about ending racism he needs to start by firing Bannon.
You franken need to do something about largest hate group in America, the Democratic Party and liberal bias media who spread lies and hate
We need senators who will band together and remover him from office
Ok so you and your liberal rhetoric need to stop your racial and hate speech first. Because you are the one stirring it up.
First get them out of the WH, then get FBI involved and dismantle where they live!
Sen A/F you are soft peddling, give that a rest and tell us how you really feel. You did it in the new book so get to it on this platform!!!
I want you in 2020!  It starts at the top and tRump is not the right person.
True, it's a damn shame. With all the other issues the country has, we can't even get along with each other!
@SenFranken for president in 2020.
#Franken2020
How many reformed racists do you know Al? I know of none. The best you can hope for is to keep them at bay and improve our education system.
First and foremost, history and Civics have to be taught at all grade levels all the way through college.
Our great, enviable educational system founded by bible-thumping Christians has 18% of Americans believing the sun revolves around the Earth
Any suggestions?
The only action I see is every politician addressing the issue on twitter. Once back in DC THEN WHAT?
Start by scraping the balls together to condemn the hate groups on your own side of the aisle. 
Impeach trump. He's not fit to be President and has to go now.
Finally someone recognizes we have to address it. Our survival as a nation depends on this.
Agree.
#25thamendment
We need continued action to address and dismantle the hatred and bigotry in our government, starting with Trump and his minions!
Why do we want to put those dirty, bigoted, corrupt people back into that newly refreshed White House?
What kind of commitment are you willing to make to lead by example, Al?
We need legislation to impeach, Amendment 25
its frustrating hearing this especially since this is real life, even on less catastrophic and acutely less publicized incident. So, yeah.
Lets start in the White House.
We need continued action to address and dismantle the hatred and bigotry in the WH & GOP.
Continued action? Start with the WH.
Tell @amazon to stop advertising on Brietbart who promotes hate.
Start with potus.
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/donald-trump-racist-examples_us_56d47177e4b03260bf777e83 …
Good idea why not start with the Dems
I heartily agree, sir! First step must be to get it out of our sacred White House....
https://www.yabberz.com/post/the-insidious-approach-of-white-nationalism-proponents-a/87699449/?highlight=87699449 … I submit this for your consideration. It is in effect, the manifesto for White Nationalism, describing the goals.
Step 1 impeach entire Administration step 2 start over
Leadership starts from the top we need someone with a moral fiber and not a dirt bag
Lets start with the rabble rousers who love shutting down Minnesota freeway.
Franken 2020, please.
You have their pictures on video,our government Must protect us or declare war. The police were complicit,many of the klan were cops Nazis
and tweets from you
Start with your own party!
I think "we the people" are doing about all we can, but u guys need 2 do the heavy lifting 2 get the "instigator" out. Hows that going?
They want and crave attention! Don't televise their demonstrations,  don't interview them, treat them as if nonexistent
So when are you going to end the Dixiecrat  party. That would do it. Founder and Funder of the KKK.
What would announce solidarity is if a bunch POLs showed up and helped with keeping the Nazis & Supremacists away from Heather's Funeral.
Where are the rest of the Dems? no joint statement of disapproval.  OK you see the need--specific plan please????????????? Tasks to do?????
Get Bannon, Gorka and Miller out of the WH.
Few societies have ever found successful formula to correct a couple centuries of inborn, deliberately cultured ethnocentrism.
We need to make sure that racism doesnt leave the news cycle. We must stay vigilant or it will happen again. Maybe in your town next time.
Impeach trump.  Get Gorka, Bannon and Miller out of our WH. Act now or own everything trump does Senator.
As desperately as we need action, we are in equal need of education by credible sources w/ factual info. But how 2 reach willful ignorance??
Then you should have no problem condemning these groups.

Kindergarden song, "Let there be peace on earth&let it begin with me." Michael Jackson, "I'm startin' with the man in the mirror." You?
We need psychs to come out with their diagnosis of this disturbed man. Article 25 - He is Unfit to Serve - He proves it daily. #RESIGNNOW
Please define "action" Mr. Franken. Too broad a term to convey effective measures...sincerely, BigOleRomes.
Start with R's dropping their strict voter ID laws and policies that disproportionately hurt minorities. Lets see action, not words.
Why does social media continue to give them a platform? #twitter #hypocrisy
Start in the Oval Office and work down from there @SenFranken. #ImpeachTrump #FireBannon
Will you lend you voice to call to remove the white nationalist from the White House?  #firebannongorkamiller
We need a national day of mourning for the loss and devastation this country has suffered. It's soul crushing.
Stand up in the well of the senate and call for action.

If POTUS truly condemns racism in all it's forms, then he should say it LOUDLY at 1 of his rallies, in front of his base!
Only you Sen Franken, can make it happen! Franken 2020!!!
you know where to start
How, when it's condoned by our President?!
Absolutely 100% agree Senator - by he way, I just read a great book about Al Franken by Al Fraken -
Please take my poll re: President Trump's mental fitness, as it relates to removing his nuclear launch authority:
Do you believe @realDonaldTrump's mental stability is such that he should be stripped of nuclear launch authority?   @SpeakerRyan @SenateGOP
Yes we do. Join us and stop spreading negativity and race division. Race baiters are despicable.
We need you & congress to have the courage to use the 25th amendment, we are in a crisis of leadership. #25amendmentnow
Says he is "open to thoughtful debate on politics"

"Impeach a president bc I dont like him!!"
With a president who condones it and has many Nazis working for him? Good luck, Al.
