Too bad you will not set that standard for yourself. Your hateful innuendo has furthered this witch hunt w/o evidence of any wrong doing.
CNN reported on 11/11/16 that Russian officials said Hillary Campaign representatives went to Russia to meet officials during the campaign
Somehow this is not investigated but Sessions meeting w/ Russian Amb in the scope of his job as a Senator is somehow suspect. Ridiculous
Your a buffoon! Brutal no holder back r lying Hillary or receptacle  Loretta , but this man needs answer  no further to anything !
#WeinerGaurdSessions
He will state executive privilege or ho hum like he did today. Good look he is corrupt covering for Trump. He should resign.
Al you are spewing more hate on a good man. Hope it happens to you Pelosi Schumer more one day soon
Keep his feet to the fire. How many times does he need to commit perjury before he faces real consequences? Sessions needs to resign.
He needs 2 answer why he went to BAMA but is an Auburn fan!  Scandal. No loyalty & calls in 2 question his decision making.
@AGJeffSessons WE THE PEOPLE expect the Truth, the whole Truth, and nothing but THE TRUTH. Got it????
I do want the truth about Loretta Lynch's subversion of our democracy and collusion with clinton & dem operatives in her investigation
Frankenstein is a Nutjob!
@SenFranken You do immeasurable good as an honest voice in this maelstrom of deceit and criminality. I & millions of others are grateful
Can we nominate you Sen. Franken to run for president. You're good enough. You're smart enough & doggone it people love you
Puff on that peter.
Could you give him the truth pill which also is available as an injectable 
He sucked as a comedian and has no business being a politician. Comedians these days are all political, not funny. Kathy Griffin proved that
Fire Mueller now mr sessions!  Now
At today's Session Hearing you accomplished the impossible.
Making Tailgunner Joe McCarthy look like a paragon of unbiased civility.
Honestly and openly from Jeffy - suuuuuure
Long odds, huh?
He's too busy sucking the ass of the golden Cheeto calf in the oval office right now.
I've recheduled everything after 2:00
I need the entertainment watching Sessions squirm
trying to find his best idea of lying
even more
LOL Such a comedian! I'm in stitches Stuart Smalley. 
Good Morning Senator, did you show up in this outfit to the Senate today on our TAX DIME?@JudgeJeanine @AmyMek @Dbargen @AgendaOfEvil #MAGA
@cherokee_autumn @senjudiciary  LOL! HONESTLY!
Senator, please do absolutely everything you can to block this Trumpcare. This is a hill worth dying on.
You can tell that even @HardballChris has trouble taking anything you say seriously.  #StuartSmalley
Someone should ask Sessions if he was asked to pledged loyalty to Trump.
Al, your rhetoric is not only based solely on partisan BS, but it is also wrong.  U are failing to honor you MN role be representing all MNs
I disagree.
If meeting the russians is normal practice did Hillary or her compain stuff meet with the Russians?
@SenFranken @senjudiciary #Get this #Fake POTUS out #Make" USA Great Again!
Do-over!
Franken is a clown
Maybe you should have a talk with Sessions about doing the right thing. Something tells me, he's way in over his head.
He will fold under pressure
The word is lied not mislead.
Why are Democrats so nice, they need to give Trump what he deserves. He is a peace of shit liar!
I have never said this in my life.
I am so glad that you are a senator!
Franken--you are the best
Under Al Franken Democrats have lost 900+ state legislature seats, 12 governors, 69 House seats, 13 Senate seats. Keep up the good work Al.
Why hasn't Jeff Sessions been charged with perjury? This needs to come to resolution. This isn't a tv drama. #Sessions #Perjury #Comey #USA
All from this crook,  does anyone ever listen to Franken
RICO a statute, it is also a predominately Latino name. It would be fitting if #trump meets #justice through a Latino sounding statute. RICO
Bad hombre, that RICO.
Anal rape of children!  That is not funny at all.  And you are a senator representing these innocent children.  Hypocrite!
First, can you please ask him if he brought cookies?
I know he's a good friend of yours, Al, but do you really expect him to speak honestly&openly?? Are you still so naive?

Will you be asking the AG when he will begin the investigations of Lynch, Clinton, Obama and the rest of swamp snakes?
And you think that he'll tell the truth this time. 
I love you Al Franken!
I agree.  Congress needs to hold Sessions accountable for his perjury.
I agree !
DON'T FORGET TO ADDRESS THE EXACT TERMS OF HIS RECUSE TO MORROW WHICH INCLUDED NOT DEALING WITH 2016 ELECTIONS AT ALL!
He already perjured himself. We can believe any of his testimony.
Please hold him accountable for the previous lies under oath.
Thank you Al for staying true to your beliefs and to Democratic ideals.
How are you going to get the #REPUBLISCAMMMERS to show their constituents their #HEALTHCARE bill?
This will not stop protests!! #lockthemup
What took you so long @SenFranken ?
Thanks for being such a serious badass as well as a comic genius.
Love you Al
No he doesn't, if you don't trust your colleagues to ask the right questions why are they there.
as opposed to what Democrats do; #lie? #DemocratsLiesMatter
If you read @khanoisseur tonight, you might have even more good questions for AG Sessions tomorrow.
Keep up the great job, @SenFranken! Your Sessions questioning last time broke this #TrumpRussia Collusion scandal wide open! 
  
Misled is a euphemism.
@SenFranken I thought you were more courageous than that. He lied, perjured himself, not misled. #Resist
That's not going to happen. They're hiding something. Innocents want to help expose the truth. These clowns aren't interested in truth.
So everyone is saying that sessions lied the first time what makes you think he's not gonna lie again #TrumpsBoy
I want to see it ALL...if he evades the questions, if he refuses to answer and certainly want a front row seat to see him perjure himself.
I loved you as a comedian and I love you in the Senate. Thanks for all your hard work Sen. Franken. #Keep Fighting #Resist
@chesse47 @senjudiciary I trust you'll be much more ruthless w/him this time. Delicious.
Why wasn't @JeffSession punished for lying the first time..instead he was rewarded n named AG..Stand up Democrats @senjudiciary #Resistance
Crooked is crooked does.
Nice to see you back! I know that your account was restricted 
Good luck with that!  He is a lyin Nazi Keebler elf!
Mislead Senator? He LIED! Why cant you all use that word?
I know! Four little letters, just call it what it is!
No.. he needs to FIRED!! He is a lier and needs to go!!
AL, what would happen next if Trump fired Mueller too?  Would Trump, finally be on the road to Impeachment?
I'm actually Praying for this Solution, it's called Into Action by the American People.  #The Resistance!
Great pivot move by left. Trump exonerated so pivot step to Sessions is now a spy and needs to step dwn. Tried with bannon and many others!
Yes SESSIONS only makes me yell obscenities at the screen when he's onPrice however is one that makes BLUDGEON come to mind
Don't expect Sessions to be honest, he's already proven that he isn't.
I'm with you Al
#Trump is out of control. We want answer, not more stalling. Pretty soon all we'll have in the Trump administration is his family.
Yes agreeHe was very sketchy with you at confirmation hearingI thought what  racist putz WHERE'd he crawl out of?
.@SenFranken @senjudiciary That's NOT FAIR! Jeff Sessions has never spoken "honestly and openly" ... You can't expect him to change now!
LMAO, you actually think @USAGSessions cares he LIED to the Senate? That's hilarious. The Elf is as big of a crook as @realDonaldTrump.
Oh how I wish you were one of the Senators doing the questioning tomorrow!
I appreciate that, as a politician, you are still hilarious
Make trump invoke his exec privilege if he's going to. If not, then do not let sessions use it to hide his role.
Yes. And please tell him if his boss fires Mueller we will eat the little keebler elf
whatever you do, DON'T take him at his word Senator Franken !
IDC if it's open or closed session as long as that weasel is forced to tell the truth.
Weasel was always what I called Cruz, SESSIONS IS A cross breed Between a Possum and a Weasel ughhhh
