That’s why I’ve pushed back against several high-profile media mergers and acquisitions. https://www.facebook.com/senatoralfranken/posts/1405767779509100 …
So when news broke that AT&T was proposing to purchase Time Warner for more than $85 billion, it raised some immediate flags for me.
Deal this big would give 1 company cntrl over both content—like your favorite shows on HBO & news programs—& how that content is delivered.
That’s bad news for consumers, and that’s why I’m leading group of @SenateDems in urging @TheJusticeDept to closely scrutinize the proposal.
Should @TheJusticeDept agree that harm would come to consumers as a result of this deal, my colleagues & I urge DOJ to side with consumers.
@YDanasmithdutra @SenateDems @TheJusticeDept Remember when ATT was to big had to divest. Ah yes those were the days
Amen!
AGREE, just in case you're keep count!
Trust me I keep a count on great people's responses.
Didn't Reagan change the law saying 1 company could only own so many media outlets in a single market?
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Telecommunications_Act_of_1996 …
Bill!
Have antitrust laws been weakened that much?
Yes
So has it always been with monopolies.  Good for owners. Bad for everyone else.
All "health care" does is raise the prices doctors charge. Negative benefit to patients who through taxes have to pay them.
Cartels = Capitalism's Achilles heel. In DJT hands and without oversight they will spell doom for our country.
Do you believe in unicorns and UFOs too?
and propoganda
Rising costs, bad choices & worse service?!  Christ, Senator Al!  It's leading to Fascism and a very, very stupid populace.
Finally something we agree on.
I would have liked this five hours ago but I was haggling with a CS rep about overage charges.
Gosh darn  it... You are correct !
Thank you!  Comcast has a monopoly where I live so they treat us like crap. High $$ and bad service bc they know we can't go anywhere else.
Autocorrect keeps changing your name to Frankenstein. . .
I think there is a who can make it worse contest that we are not being let in on...
THERES A CRIMINAL IN THE WHITE HOUSE!!! FOCUS UP AL!!!!!! #Impeach45
Hear, hear! Most Americans, regardless of party would agree.
I agree
Totally agree Sen AF that this is a hi priority to address! Keep it up! Monopolies are bad for we the people/consumers. @IndivisibleMN03
Hey, if Congress is allowing the municipal why should I care. Their protecting my interest.  Right?!
Answer me if you're going to look into that!!
can't agree more!
Sorry I missed your SNL work, I was caught in the cult known as evangelical Christianity and SNL was straight from the pit of Hell. U rock
Yes, Sen. Franken consolidation of news media is bad. I'm a career journalist (newspaper reporter) I think it weakens First Amendment.
Please then, do something. It is ridiculous that there are still cable company monopolies, blocking competition & consumer choice. End this.
Sounds like you're describing Obamacare
just look at Verizon and att stocks - they've positioned themselves to reap $$ - and slowly removing all union workers
Agree!
What happened to anti-monopoly laws, Senator? I remember a time w/ many choices for consumers b/c of them Now all under huge corporate  s.
Thank you Sen Franken! Please also insist on protecting net neutrality and information privacy regulations!
I Agree
The FCC let them do that, that is why net neutrality is a big issue.
Cox Communications is one company that for sure fits this description. High cost, low choices, and terrible customer service.
Do something about it.
There is a lot of real evidence and data to support your belief.
Bring back the Fairness Act
And abolish the Telecommunication Act.
Making it legal to spread falsehoods should not be
I believe weak FCC leadership is causing an erosion of rights and services for consumers.
We are badly in need of restoring the Fairness Doctrine.
I think it amounts to censorship and more mind control. Fox Nrws will seem like nothing in comparison
@GeostompX Duh Al, we all know that, sooo why don't you do something to stop it??
Amen to that. Oddly, we have choice out in Morris. Lived in a place with only one option a few years ago - def worse. #failedCapitalism
Part of the reason i just stopped watching TV.
That's a fact!
Just finished that chapter in your book.
You are so right on that observance Senator Franken
Agreed.
All corporations, in every decision they make. "The economy is strong" doesn't mean Jack to my family, Healthcare means everything.
Keep fighting! Keep the issue in the spotlight!
Just ask all of the @GetSpectrum customers who got $crewed over! Basic channels dropped! The free TWC MAXX speed increases were eliminated!
GOP claims to be the party of free market capitalism yet they support anti-free market monopolies.
sorry it never get old. Blame Judge Greene?
Agreed
Thank you for fighting for us #ShowUsTheBill
Predicted by every rational observer, and competent economist.
cable and internet...is a mess...need more smaller...think got consensus on this.
And placing profit above the national interests.
Absolutely. I changed 3 times, and now I have no house phone. I don't have 250.00 a month for Verizon or Spectrum
So can we end these consolidations
Much of which we don't notice because it was 4 emergencies. No in-studio personnel to man the station in case of emergency, civil defense.
I believe you were better on snl as Stuart Smalley then as a whiney senator.
