Former Director Comey's testimony makes the case even stronger that the President has continuously tried to undermine that investigation.
Now more than ever we should be encouraged that there’s special prosecutor to get to bottom of what happened bt Trump’s team & the Russians.
President Trump wants American people & Congress to let this thing go. That’s not an option when the integrity of our democracy is at stake.
Read my full statement in reaction to former FBI Director James Comey's testimony before the Senate Intel Committee: https://www.franken.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=3716 …
Well stated, Sir. The president should release any tapes he has or admit he was lying about that as well. We are all waiting. Lordy!
Why did @POTUS bring up the topic of tapes then? Does it strike one as odd when nobody was talking about tapes...?? #Wiretapped
Oh hell to the yeah, it's odd! And that's the nice, polite word for it. Riddle me this: what ISN'T odd about Trump? Think about it... 
Mitch is trying to slip the trumpcare = wealthcare bill while all this stuff is going on.
It's clear hat the obstruction of justice came when AG Lynch asked Comey to call Hillary's email investigation a "matter".There is the crime
I'll be honest.This election and now presidency have exposed some real flaws in our system that don't seem fixable. Confidence eroding fast
It's really depressing. Is this the beginning of the end? Can we bridge the divide that has grown exponentially in the last couple years?
@realDonaldTrump lack of interest in PROTECTING DEMOCRACY fr RUSSIAN INTERFERENCE speaks VOLUMES 2 fact he is COMPROMISED BY @PutinRF_Eng
And trump is under investigation. Paul Ryan doesn't seem to understand that part
#Comey told #Rubio #Trump wasnt and has never been under investigation or did you miss those answers?
I see you happened not to actually see & comprehend well. When asked about collusion&inv, JC said he couldn't discuss publicly. Watch again
And the part under oath where he says no about Trump? Guess not.
Trump was not personally under investigation when Trump asked. Russian meddling & Flynn under investigation. Trump is now for obstruction.
Trump is the only one not doing anything illegal. Time to admit who the real crooks have been and deal with it. Comey laid it out for you
Try listening to his testimony and not listening to Trump & Fox News
@co_rapunzel4 #IRS #Veterans #Law Paul Ryan's Statement that Potus is 'NEW' at this, Is The Number One Excuse for Premature Inauguration
It would better for everyone if Trump were "NEW" at prison.
Let's all *hope* for those tapes!
James Comey better hope that there are no "tapes" of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press!
Exactly ... I just thought that Tweet with a vague "hope" threat was sent by Trump given today Comey was questioned on similar wording.
Did you miss the part about the president not being under investigation?
He wasn't under investigation earlier, when he asked about it. Did you miss Comey clarifying that he's certainly under investigation now?
So explain how an ex-fbi director knows that. He hasn't been all this time but is now?
The most important thing about #LiarTrump is the FBI guy? #Nicetry
Not trying anything. The word are on record for all to hear.
As a citizen of the US, this is the first time I can say I have no confidence in the WH. It's heartbreaking. Facts mean nothing to Trump.
On what specific evidence do you base your statement?
Please subpoena WH Tapes, Trumps Taxes, Pence, Kushner, Sessions and Priebus #ComeyDay
Agreed - President Franken :) puhlease
#ImpeachTrump Liar, obstructing justice.  Disgrace to the office and the country.
It's ABUNDANTLY clear that tRump only cares about himself and not our country. Horrific.
The inveatigationnshows no such evidence and you know that, Frank
IC has not released all it knows. Too early to say but massively going against immoluments clause. Bigly sad.
So what can we DO about this Al?
It would be more effective to "follow the money" (like watergate)
Impeach Trump... How much more evidence do you guys need of his inappropriateness as #POTUS . Sincerely, The rest of the world
It's clear that Trump is a pathological liar, too.
It's also clear that Comey leaked and testified because he was fired . . . .
Yup, he revealed and is revealing how bad things truly are with this Cheeto cabinet. Good for him and great for us.
That's it, I'm moving to Minnesota! 
Tell that to your GOP colleagues. Especially @SpeakerRyan he thinks ignorance is an excuse.
Did he really say that?
Yea @speakerryan & other supporters have been using that excuse to "okay" all the bs coming from the WH
The ignorance excuse contradicts the image of brilliant business man that knows more about all of the intricacies than those with experience
Bigly
You really should get back into comedy Senator.  You make me/us laugh!
What? Even though they had that thing, you know?
Especially since he said so, live on TV.
Yeah. But he's new Al. He doesn't understand the way thing work. 
Nonsense...His firing did not stop or slow the investigation...it continues.
And through #ComeyTestimony #Comeyhe stated to #Rubio that #Trump wants the investigation to continue and the #Truth be heard!
Well, since he admitted that exact thing to Lester Holt on natl tv, it's a safe bet to say it.
Snd today his thoughts were all over snd he thinks the reporter asked if he asked Comey to admit loyslyybunder oath... he's unhinged
I caught that to...
But, right? He's losing it! But still he says nothing bad about Russia...our enemy... that's still committing cyber warfare vs us...0
Pressure on and his mouth will drown him
Duh. #ComeyHearings

Q: Do you believe that Trump colluded with Russia?

Comey: “That’s a question I don’t think I should answer in an open setting.” 
So, the investigation STOPPED? Bcuz Comey was privy to nefarious, indictable details towards Trump? Oh, Dems fail---AGAIN!
Of course he did & he said it
You're delusional.
Clear to #everyone but the #GOP!
@dominic_lyon yes,  abuse of power.. this is getting dangerous.. Comey and Qatar are just the beginning.. please stop it
Clear to me that Comey is a limp failure incapable of doing his job. So precise on @POTUS but has recall troubles elsewhere. BS
Isn't that too AGAINST the LAW? retaliation firing is illegal in most workplaces in the USA
Please buy an American Government book and READ IT.
Question, since GOP is going with a poor innocent ignorant of the ways of WA as defense for idiot trump, will same work 4 Reality Winner?
Crystal clear. The president said so himself on TV with Lester Holt. Are we not supposed to believe him now? Ridiculous.
Maybe you could get Sen. McCain his blankey and warm milk and lock him in his office.
It's clear to many of us - not so much @GOP , sadly.
Honourable @SenFranken please start impeachment procedures on this joke of an administration
Mr Franken - What color is the sky in YOUR world?
Hey Al, ever consider that he didn't want the Russia Investigation to be handled as poorly as the Clinton Email "Matter" was?
He said so himself!
It's a Nothing Burger
Clear to everyone that puts country ahead of partisan nonsense.
Obstruction of justice?
Yes it is clear. Now let's get him out!
Yes, please!!!
No shit sherlock!
Nonsense. It's more likely he was fired for not publicly stating that Trump is not under investigation, as was Trump's request.
he even said so.  On national TV.
you crack me up! What a great idea to plant a wannabe comedian in with the democrats. Jokes on their constituents
What can you do about that
You're good enough, smart enough, and God dammit I like you!!!! Thank you.
Lyrics Born reference?
SNL from back in the day.
When's back in the day
The 1980's
Start working with the president on his infrastructure bill replacement of Obamacare and new tax laws.  Do what's right for the country
Yep  I am no lawyer or investigator but I think u r right
Because he said so during an interview.
Thank you. Please, run for president!
The spineless GOP majority will allow anything as long as they kill Obamacare and a lot of American people and give a tax break
Meanwhile, the Democrats should be looking at the UK and thinking about whether the constant Trump-Russia etc is useful
Most Americans that can see above the froth of party politics agree. Dems need to get organized and have a unity of message.  No show boats.
That's been clear since he told the Russians in the Oval Office... Why won't @GOP do anything to protect our country?
They are from the stupid liberals
You are Correct Sir
Bunch of fucktards - "sigh"
Trump can't keep his mouth shut. He's like a little kid who, unprompted, declares "If anybody says I took the cookies I din't!"
OBAMAGATE COMING SOON! YOU MUST BE WORRIED ABOUT THAT.
I believe Trump admitted that on NBC.  I don't really think he's very good at pretending otherwise--he thinks he's a dictator.
Are you practicing a new comedy act?
@GOP is still having a party because fearless leader himself wasn't under investigation. At least not through May 9, 2017.  tic toc tic toc
Still working on that comedy act?
Hey Dude take the cotton out of your ears Comey just said live on TV that there is no Trump-Russia connection get over it aready.
Trump said he fired Comey cause of Russia... The
You are completely mentally ill sir!!!
He's the President, he can. His constitutional right. Stop diverting and get to work. How about some policy that helps people not donors?
I love you Al!  Never give up on #trumprussia
= obstruction of justice. End of discussion.
Only for Lynch
@SpeakerRyan How bout gaining sum fans by showing integrity&admit this.No one can simply admit truth anymore #POSTRUMP
Wake up dopey.  #ComeyHearing
Trump is the equivalent to Tony Soprano, asking for Comey's loyalty....and this is the president of the United States...wow
And we have Chris Christie telling us this is the way New Yorkers talk. Fuhgetaboutit. Maybe gangsters talk this way.
and governors who sabotage traffic
Comey was compromised - was part of the story. How can a participant in election be lead investigator? He had to be fired. Trump is right
And @jeffsessions knew what was happening! He left Comey in a meeting alone with the  man. Comey told Sessions he didn't want that. @FBI
GEE SENATOR IT HAS TAKEN ALL THAT HAS HAPPENED FOR U 2BELIEVE COMEY WAS INDEED FIRED BECAUSE OF THE RUSSIAN TRUMP AGENDA. WHATS GOIN ON?slow
And not drips anymore is giant leaks leaving puddles all over the place. Lol keep Tweeting Trump...
I knew that when he fired him
No and, ifs or buts about it.
The name TRUMP is SYNONYMOUS with LYING!!!
@SenFranken at first I thought you were delusional but now I feel in fact you are clinically insane..
"Clear"? 
Not sure. 

Probable/likely/reasonable to assume.
 Yep.

Need for @POTUS to account for actions under oath?
ABSOLUTELY.
Trump actually told us that's why he fired Comey. Like most Republicans he cares more about Party than the Russian attack on us
Yes because Comey never would give clear answers to Trump nor give all the information to the press and leaked his own memo.
How long do we have to put up with a fool. This country doesn't need this. Is there nothing we can do?
You're my new found hero, sir!
HE SAID AS MUCH
Trump admitted as much to Lester Holt.
no shit sherlock. he said it on tv. like he said he welcomed the russians to hack HRC and use the stolen data against her. he said it on tv.
Well he admitted it didn't he??
No it isn't asshat
Hey Al, Trump admitted as much with his interview with @LesterHoltNBC.
#Sanders/Franken 2020 !
You're speculating. Comey stated Trump did not ask him to close investigation. But.Lynch did say the H.C. invest.  should be called a matter
Sen. can you find out if those tapes are being audited with those infamous taxes or was that another lie by President Trump #ReleaseTheTapes
It was clear when he went on national television and told Lester Holt he fired Comey bc of the "Russia thing"
And.... it is his right to fire him he he wants..
Thank you Captain Obvious.
SO FIRE HIM ALREADY !!     WTF ???
Well he did say so. Can't get more clear than that. Ok, it is Trump and it generally takes an explanation for @PressSec.
It's clear that @POTUS thinks he's still on the Apprentice!
Should be prosecuted and removed
A fellow Minnesotan says GO GET HIM AL!!!
NOT! #TimeLimits for do-nothing  politicos that collect six figures and fail to serve the prople.
Well, it's clear because the president told Lester Holt exactly that. We've got it on tape.
Call it what it is please #Obstructionofjustice #abuseofpower time to speak up and get loud unless u believe tRump over Comey #impeachtrump
He said that himself on audio with those very Russians.  Why would the GOP cover for this horrible human being?
Panic and stupidity
C'mon. You have no way of knowing that. Except by @POTUS's own words, of course.
About time you weighed in, Senator!
Exactly!   PLEASE SAVE PUR HEALTHCARE!
@JohnCornyn ...but her emails
What r u smoking??? It's clear Comey was leaker, Lynch compromised position(s) for BS political speak, Comey LIED & POTUS isn't under invest
At this point, Trump is under investigation by the special prosecutor. That's why Mueller has all Comey's memos
DT dbl down on Comey w/Russian ambassador+foreign minister=DT never looked so happy in WH>told took care RussiaInvestig 1day aft fired Comey
Get the shit out from between your ears come stated over and over he wasn't being investigated
Now we have to fire him for obstruction on freedom democracy and Justice
Ya think!!
#ObstructionOfJustice
Too bad your "friends" across the aisle don't care to see the truth for what it is...
Didn't Trump say just that on the teevee?
Yes. Trump has already said this! May 11.... How much more is there?
Is there any hope of the rest of the Senate putting country before party? This affects our entire country & everyone should be concerned.
He said that was the reason during Lester Holt interview.  Sucks this is being pondered when it came out of his own ignorant, bigoted mouth.
No it's not.  He fired him because Trump wasn't under investigation and he 3 times would not tell public.  Also, too many leaks from FBI.
No you bonehead he fired him because Coney leaked intelligence to the press your such a dope

And it's clear Republican members of Congress are protecting him.
Odd question, couldn't he sue for wrongful termination?
Sadly, no. He serves at the pleasure of the pres.
Clear. And just as clear the republicans are still burying their heads in the sand. They want to drain the swamp? We need to clean the house
@kitawny24 Jonathan Gruber was right!!!
And Now, #WitnessTampering on huge scale! Hello?
Sen. Franken show me the proof or otherwise give it up you and the liberals are which hunting. Unfortunately you can't fix stupid!
HE CLEARLY OBSTRUCTED JUSTICE AND MUST BE IMPEACHED AND DISMISSED.
You rock, I wish you could have questioned him, curious what your comments would have been. Potus 2020
Trump also tried to use his office and power to influence the head of the FBI.
No question.
Trump has the video of everyone.
No shit, Sherlock. Howzabout you get with some GOP monkeyasses & get this crazy f•ck outta the WH? I know we're the minority but damn, HELP!
How do you come to that conclusion....did we listen to the same testimony???  Be a realist and honest and not partisan
I agree. Let's #ImpeachTrump then arrest him for obstruction of justice and treason.
so..if trump taped all this..we need to hear these tapes. PERIOD
#ComeyTestimony tells every American they are being led by a criminal. It's embarrassing and it's time for @SenMcCain to step up.
You assume Trump can remember what he said or did from one day to the next, but he appears eligible for the Reagan defense.
It helps that Trump actually said as much on a nationally televised sit-down interview.
Really   Comey said POTUS was never under investigation. You lids won't let the Russia lie go away. Ask HTC about Russia
It's equally clear that represents obstruction of justice.
@deejay90192 -Harper says we need a spec.line 4Barbaric Cultural Practices A-voted out.Trump cld
shoot people in the street-Ryan says"He's new at this"
Did you even pay attention to what Comey said today?
Yes, the whole world knows it, but what becomes of it?  Is Pence any better on the issues?
He said exactly that to Lester Holt
But why would you be honest when your nihilistic constituency is not intellectually honest with themselves. You lucky degenerate
Not to the traitorous Republicans it's not
I second the motion!
Ya think?
Crystal...
Too bad he can't fire YOU
And what would a president Hillary fire Comey for? And you know she would have
Republicans seem uninterested in the Russian interference in elections.  They must think they will always benefit.  Troubling times 2
Nothing is clear. It is all an illusion. After all, its politics. There is no truth in politics
Except there was no investigation into Trump.
I have been Republican Democrat and now independent . Party should not affect integrity @SenateDems @HouseGOP
@VelveteenViolet Yes it is! It is also clear what side of the fence your  on! Thank you and continue our fight Sen Franken!
