Many long-term care contracts have fine print preventing residents and families who were wronged from seeking justice in the courts.
These pre-dispute #forcedarbitration clauses are something I’ve been fighting to rein in for a long time bc I'm proud to fight for families.
When @CMSGov heeded my call & outlawed #ForcedArbitration clauses in long-term care facilities contracts, it was a victory for Minnesotans.
But now the Trump Admin's @CMSGov is planning to lift the ban on nursing home arbitration clauses, which would be terrible for Americans.
I’m going to fight back against this misguided decision bc MN seniors and families deserve better, and I hope you'll make your voices heard.
Cause im good enough.. im smart enough and darn it people like me
Went through it twice! It killed me!
Including being bankrupt by the state.
Do you want home-care? 
Have been there and the system makes it so much more difficult to even make sure your love one is taken care of. Shameful!!
I work in a nursing home. It's devastating to watch !
Day I interviewed places for my mom is forever etched in my memory, and not in a good way.  
Hardest thing I ever had to do, leave Mom in a nursing home. Thankfully it was only a couple of miles from home & I could visit every day.
We couldn't afford to put my dad in the type of home he needed so we home cared for him for 14 years until he passed away. It's always hard.
Yes, thank you! And as my folks are gone and I'm the one who is getting older, I truly am afraid.
respect
Just wait till i get mom stuffed at the taxidermist.. #babyboomers
Always fighting the good fight. Thank you. Why does it seem like Trump is always looking for something that's good, so he can destroy it?
You hit nail on the head there! It's as if he and his crew have mission to destroy the good in our society!
It also shouldn't cause the spouse or family to go broke. My dad's nursing facility is low cost but still costs  $4000/mo for room only
you are right senator! the system is not good to the poor and old and this must change if we are to truly progress.
Thank you Senator Franken for all you have done and persisting in the fight to help!
True story, @SenFranken.
I work in a nursing home and I hope this clause never reappears! These lovely people deserve to have the right to sue if a facility is bad.
Yes the abuse is widespread especially in states who don't regulate.
@cjjohns1951 
Agreed
And it's expensive!
Al why don't you do what you do best, create more bureaucracy
We are on Medicare and can't afford to go into a assisted living.
Speaking of "Difficult Decisions", any explanation for why you voted against the clear will of your state to prop up Hillary & elect Trump?
Thank you Mr Franken for saying that out loud !
Don't go @SenFranken !  You are too young to check in and we still need you in the senate.
Thank you for fighting for the people- we need you more then ever!!!
Absolutely the hardest decision.  Thank you for understanding!
When my father's dementia reached the point where he needed skilled nursing, it took several weeks to find an appropriate place.
@cac_ac22 If Medicaid is repealed , most nursing home pts will be home r in street like MI when our Lakeshore closed.
Does this also apply to assisted living? My sister is executor for my dad & doubt she is aware. Thx u for working on behalf of ALL MNs
Look Senator, we agree with you. Can you just get rid of Trump please?!?
OMG! The press briefing..OMG!!
I can honestly say it was the worst day of my life & probably of my dad's as well. I carry the guilt w me every day. 6+ yrs ago.
Agree
A suggestion I have is do your Research a great start is http://APlaceForMom.com  a good source to use
Why the medical model must be changed - with a focus on caring for those in their homes.
Please continue to talk to @NancyPelosi and @SenSchumer about the Alzheimer's programs that the nursing homes have.
What if it's Ivanka Trump's dad?
Number 1 use of MEDICAID trump voter is completely unaware of the necessity.
But there is no doubt it WILL be
Been there done that hardest decision of my life, your heart breaks a million times each day and you constantly second guess every decision
It's horrible but most people that work there are ANGELS! They, like teachers, do NOT get paid enough for the important job they do.
Great on Colbert last nite. Thanks for serving!
The way our society treats the elderly/vets is awful. My family has had to deal with nursing homes, home care etc. Its truly a nightmare.
Nursing home barons like Sholomo Reschnitz shouldn't be allowed to hide their substandard care practices behind LLC's & other dodges
Difficult decision. Volume of paper work to have my father, decorated marine admitted with advanced Alzheimer's to VETS home was disgusting.
@n2nature55 IMPEACH INCARCERATE ALL I MENTIONED NOW WHILE you still can.   DICTATORSHIP PROGRESSING WELL EVERYDAY.
Imaging how much it's going to cost to put all this infrastructure back in place after he's done playing @ president. ?
I'm facing that myself. It's agony--as if I've betrayed my father.
Or worse giving a licensed nurse 35-40 Residents on her daily case load is insane. Elders are frail with complex needs; 1 nurse can't do it
My mom has itt now and we're trying to keep her in her home as long as we can, but it's difficult. Putting my Nannie in one broke my heart.
I'm not from MN, but @SenAlFrank is right.  Our elders deserve better. Thank you, Senator.
it's very heartbreaking to send a loved one to a nursing home !
CMS needs to establish minimum staffing levels for direct caregivers. Giving 1 aide 15 Residents to provide care to is insane
Doing this with mom today. Health care is NOT a free market. Please lead the fight for health care that will work for all.
Bigger government and more laws is always your solution.  #IngSoc.
Yes Sen. Franken. Good point. Enjoyed you brief appearance with Colbert. Also your monthly newsletter. Thank you. @Michael36776349
It's heartbreaking.
It certainly is.  My grandmother had Alzheimer's and was in one for several years before she passed.
I work in LTC Sen. CMS needs to remove the arbitration clause everywhere. Plus fines for substandard care need to stick &not  be negotiable
My parents, both WWII vets, were in an adult family home at the end of their lives. Dad needed skilled nursing care and Mom had dementia.
The important thing was that we kept them together for their 67 years of marriage.
You are so right. Please help @SenJohnMcCain find a good one. And fast
I've worked in long term care my entire career and it's probably the most difficult choice a son/daughter has to make.
After my knee replacement I spent 4 wks in one & it was hell & I knew I was leaving. I am 51. I can't imagine knowing I wouldn't be leaving
When are your colleagues in the House going to place their beloved @realDonaldTrump is the nursing home where he belongs?
Been there, done that.  The worse predicament one should ever be in.
You forgot to tag Ivanka
Couldn't agree more, Senator.
CC: @IvankaTrump
