#Dreamers: If your status expires on or before 3/5/18, your #DACA renewal application must be received by today.
It's amazing how you  fight for dreamers ,sanctuary cities but you don't fight for Americans second Amendment rights!sickening
You fight4illegals,sanctuary cities,Daca but u don't fight for Americas sec.amendment right?You don't fight for ending Islamic terror?


No amnesty!
Please incude TPS for Aged/Ageing out legal immigrant children in #DreamAct
God speed and get the #DreaamActNow passed


Run for President please
Havha! Yes  please run for President.
Run with Biden and I'll vote for you to be vice president. Seriously.
Very good duo. Like it.
STOP THE DEMOCRATS MURDER AND SLAVE TRADE
END DACA
http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/ice-releases-19723-criminal-illegals-208-convicted-of-murder-900-of-sex-crimes/article/2589785# …!
We love you Al. Thanks for being a voice of reason in the sea of insanity, and a good, honest man, at a time when America needs heroes.
How about protecting Americans. If you are so outraged over last Vegas the. Surely you are outraged over these murders, rapes, kidnappings.
The only dreamers are you and your party. Thanks a heap for ruining our state of Mn.
I wish you were my Senator. You rock Mr Franken, thank you.
Sr.@SenFranken don’t forget #Dreamers’s families #slaveLabor must stop #BuildTheWall it’s a tool needed #Drug mules R butchering our #Nation
I love how you can fight for #IllegalAliens but you can't fight for our #2ndAmendment
http://Asshole.You  weren't funny and you're piss poor as a representative of American values
If a fighter is a guy who sends out party line tweets & fails to negotiate to keep our neighbors from being deported then you are Joe Louis
I have a terrible feeling that both parties would rather have the issue than a deal and these kids will be deported.
Please also think abt legal immigrants in 10/20...70 yr long queues. They have no reprieve. Their children age out. Excluded from #daca.
Thank you and I promise to keep supporting you!
so you're fighting to protect an unconstitutional executive order?
Please introduce new legislation. Bring it to the floor. If voted down, try again. And again...
You're defending Illegals as priority over Americans & legall immigrants. THEN say you're helping OUR rights with #Equifax ?
DREAMERS are illegal
“That's why they call it the American Dream, because you have to be asleep to believe it.” ~GEORGE CARLIN
#Dreamers #DACA #DREAM Act.
If we didn't need you so much in the Senate, I would beg you to run for President!
Shame on you Minnesota.
As much as I dislike Dem's politics, the DACA issue is a no-brainer. They're Americans so lets get them into our country. Feel bad for them
Just pass the legislation and quit posturing.  It does not impress. It is better to see what you can do. Good luck. Hope you have success.
Go Al go.....
We need defend #DACA &push permanent &legal protection to 10M GOOD migrants @RepGutierrez @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi @SenSanders @SenateDems
Thanks, Al... you are a good man. So happy we have you in Congress, even tho I am in Maryland.
You are an honorable man. Thank you.
Great, who will protect #H4DREAMERS?, you don't want to protect them only reason they came/staying legally. Plz help all kids @SIIA_US
The #DREAMACT can be fixed easily to protect child of LEGAL immigran too or #H4DREAMERS as shown by @David_J_Bier :
Can't lose those votes. Keep fighting for them. Don't worry about law abiding citizens. Great job. Dumbocrats will you ever stop be stupid?
I also promise to keep fighting to defend #DREAMERS and vulnerable immigrants fleeing dire situations
Ugh... We're back to this again?
You are a joke. And not in the good way.
How will you help the people who didn't make the deadline? They need help now!!!
we'll help them with a bus ride back across the boarder, if they're too lazy to register, they don't belong here.
Thank you sir for being you!
Thank you for being the voice of reason.
You rock, Franken.

Always remember: You're good enough, smart enough, and doggonit, people like you.
@SenFranken  Thank you for the support but I would love to see your name Senator Franken on the co-sponsors list of the Dream Act.
so vote what you waiting on @potus passed it to Congress
You want to make illegals citizens so you get their votes
Like Russians?
Russians can’t vote, unless they’re legal citizens..
Thank you!!
Senator Franken, please consider running for our President in 2020. Democrats are the party of civil rights, equality for all,
opportunity for all and the party that provides the boots.  "We all do better when we all do better."
Yes, I'm reading Giant of the Senate 
Please run for President.
Thank you Senator!
Everyone has their faults but how I wish you were my senator rather than @SenDeanHeller Thank you Sen. Franken for caring about people.
Why don't you rather enforce the immigration laws passed by Congress, signed by the President, and upheld by the Court?
Please run for president so that we can fill your seat with someone competent #frankenthefraud
Much respect and thanks to you, Senator!
I promise to keep fighting to keep you from being elected again you fraud.
Today is the deadline for DACA renewals!
Dreamers will be protected & should, but not bringing families to US & Amnesty.
Please Al! Pleeeeease! Look around you at all your "Colleagues" and tell me I'm wrong! Integrity and Intelligence are most important now! 
lol
Thank you
Congress does not come close to representing the will of the electorate. How do we change that NOW?
You're fabulous sir!!!
We’re definitely in support of what you stand for and proud to have you as a senator.
Now you’re a human doing 
Who's making sense today? Not too many, thank you for doing so.
dude.  check the lighting before you shoot.  looks like a bad porn movie.
You  Al you really should run in 2020!
You need to run for president my friend
@SenKamalaHarris / @SenFranken 2020!!!!
If you couldn't keep your state blue for HRC, then you've proven your uselessness.  Just go away, your whole state.
I wish everyone in DC had a heart like yours. Minnesota is a lucky state to have you!
