We can buy our own birth control.
You are lucky to be able to feel that way. 

Not all women can say the same.
It is not luck. It is working my ass off and not having a victim, entitled mentality.
Not acknowledging that others may not be as fortunate as you in life is a very entitled attitude, Bonnie.
It is not fortune @Nate510. America doesn't have a class system. Anyone who works can find a way. Do you propose I buy your condoms too?
America does indeed have a class system, Bonnie. Much has been written about it. I recommend the recent  book White Trash by Nancy Isenberg.
But I think that's beside the point when we're talking about the need for a social safety net. It's a basic function of modern government.
So does a reliable vehicle.
You advocate MURDER
Yes...some of us CANNOT afford it...
Hummmm ladies who's birth control is only $25? b4 the ACA mine was $75 a month.
Mine is $429/3 months. Yes, more than my cell phone bill. My Obama care covers it 100% tho :)
Yep, well aware I'm about to be fucked. Probably have to quit my job and find one that offers healthcare. Cool!
You are sooo wrong to support Kathy Griffin after her vile nod to Isis. Your constituents must be so proud.
You know what?Have some popcorn because you are awesome.
Some folks need to take birth control for medical reasons.  Its not always for contraception!
Heavy periods affected my ability to work; changing tampon and pad every hour vs contraceptive pills. Acne and scars for my daughter
Still not my job to pay for u
I'd rather not pay for the unnecessary military spending. But I do because I'm part of a society.
Agree with this
I will pay for my
Good for you. Not everyone can.
Between 2 people they should be able to afford birth control. If I can't afford birth why am I risking having a child? #responsibility
So your suggestion is poor people can't have sex. Genius.
I would not be stupid enough to do. #CommonSense
Don't let them do this to women, Al. We deserve control over our own destinies. #ReproRights = #Freedom
If you want control over your destiny Pay your own way! Why should we pay for your choices?
Where are all the men? Why do most men say nothing about this? Not my problem? Not held to account? What to do? This needs to change.
Baby Killer Dems have reduced Women's Rights by killing baby girls who have no voice.
You know what would drive down abortions? Accessible birth control.
CEOs who are against paying 4 birth control should prove they have not used contraceptives themselves
It is an economic issue.
Affordable birth control affects each of us. Pull and pray shouldn't be the only option. It's basically the Establishment Clause.
How is it not in the country's interest to not have unintended pregnancies? And to minimize abortions?
Hey Al, what's more affordable than free (paid by tax payers) birth control provided by the government currently?
Transparency from ins co's & providers including hospital costs could help the buyer beware of excessive pricing & increase competition
You are the voice of all MN even the  1/2 you hold contempt for.Chosing @kathygriffin hopefully a political misstep.
Via Medicaid? I'm surprised it doesn't already cover it.
Enjoy your fundraiser with Kathy Griffin? Deciding to move forward supporting her despite her beheading trump photo...

Senator Franken takes no issue with that photo. He pretends it is disgusting but secretly applauds her & stands beside her. What a Senator.


Access is the point. And why are even talking about it?? Should be as easy and cheap as Viagra.
How about you legalized mobsters have the same healthcare you want to force on the rest of the American citizens.
So do religious rights, everyday.  Don't force religious institutions to provide something that is against their religion.
#TrumpTreasonGhoul
#CovfefeTerror
You're not funny you're a joke aka fake senator
exactly If women cannot control their reproductive lives then they cannot control their economic lives as well This is not faced by men
You need to run for president in 2020.
Will there be enough trunk load ballots to get him through?
Cost of birth control pills is $9/ mo at Target

Left is just trying to sensationalize the issue..not very convincing. It's freebie mania
Access to hammers affects the decisions carpenters make everyday. Should I pay for hammers or birth control for someone else?
$8.95 at the local Walgreens.  Not my responsibility if I'm not the woman's boyfriend or husband.
@SenFranken thank God for you!  Please continue to fight for all of us for The truth! #thetruth
Disown ISIS Terrorist @kathygriffin. Also disown baby murder mandate. #sethrich
Shame on you for supporting Kathy Griffin unjustifiable behavior.
You are a sick individual for wanting to stand by Kathy Griffin.  You have no morals.  We don't need people like you representing us
FRANKEN, GO GET YOUR JOB BACK AT SNL
Please hang tight with Kathy...loser
It also prevents abortions and reduces poverty... just when we were bringing teenage pregnancies to a historic low-- they do this shit.
Thank you.... more than words
Both men and women are responsible but if a woman lays up with a guy better protect yourself
@alfranken show me your friend @kathygriffin and I will tell you who you are!!
Al Franken still supports Domestic Terrorist @kathygriffin. Al Franken should be forced to resign.
Cancel your event with kathy griffin !!! Disrespectful and disgusting
Are you going to cancel the appearance with #KathyGriffin? Show some class.
And prevents pregnancies that result from RAPE!!
Still appearing with Kathy Griffith? That makes two with no scruples.
Decisions women, couples, and families make every day
Why were Obamas parents learning Russian when they met? Perhaps for their honeymoon in Moscow like Bernie! Maybe Obama was conceived there?
You tell um Al
Then you should start selling cheap birth control! Stop making other people pay for your sexual policies.
It's sad that all of you Dems just can't say you lost and move on no you have to blame it on the Russians. #Lost
on a presidential candidate of the opposing party?
Americans who did nothing wrong.  Will you also be investigating Obama's illegal domestic surveillance program
Republicans are all for the self extermination of democrats. Put Birth controls in candy machines at every possible Democratic venue!
that was illegally retrieved through an illegal domestic surveillance program ordered by Obama that surveilled and unmasked innocent.....
ariticles backed by unnamed sources also points to illegal leaks by Obama holdover intelligence officials using information......
Photo of Franken & Letterman -- NOW THERE'S TWO ASSHOLES IN A POD. Franken's new book will make for fine toilet paper, though overpriced
Love you Senator Franken.
There are women who should not get pregnant and if they do the only recourse would be abortion. Catch 22
Sen Franken, you might want to ask your R colleagues if they have children that use or ever did use birth control.
Why do people think that the tax payers have to pay for women's Birth control.
It's in with the ACA and employer plans as a prescription drug. Many times it's also used for troubled female cycles,not just birth control.
If the men who create a child, but then refused to support said child, were forced to have a vasectomy w/ no pain meds, wld they reconsider?
#SAD
Men could do with a few more options than the, what, two, three we have so far? Condoms & vasectomy, and I've heard maybe a pill on the way?
Thank you, Sen. Franken!
And it affects men too!!!
Birth control decisions are for WOMEN ONLY! No men need to get involved!! Plus, cover the pills! You know, just like vigara! Ridiculous!
No birth control no abortion=no sex=old men who pass these laws
You support that nasty hag @kathygriffin . Thats ok you've just endorsed #Trump for another 4 yearsWe the ppl have had enough liberal logic
Like what? I would really like to hear. Anybody, please.
The presidential preference is to have all women barefoot, pregnant & poor.
please run in 2020
