@NoLiesLizzy Wish I was from MN! :)
I was thinking the same!
Haha! Think he'd feed us if we just showed up to tell him how much we appreciate him?
I should show my 2 how it's done!
lol! Yes!
Can I still drop by if I'm a Californian but used to listen to your Air America show?
hi we need dems to lead the fight to win Tom prices seat in Ga and any others that become vacant we need dem leadership
Florida has Palm TreesJust a friendly reminder after years of snow  it might be heavenly.
Minnesotans are lucky to have you as a senator. Here in Austin, TX we don't have the opportunity. #WishURepresentedTX
Hey brother, what about the folks NOT from Minnesota, do we get an invite too? 
I wish @SenCoryGardner was as welcoming to us Coloradoans! But he won't even listen to his voicemails!!! #senatorforsale
Hopefully,  some day Al!
--sending to my son's National Honor Society advisor--Dassel-Cokato group heading out in mid-March!
Only if you're gonna talk about what you're gonna do about that traitor in the white house.
I really am grateful to have you and @amyklobuchar as my Senators. Thank you both for representing Minnesota so well!
Will there be a vetting process for people to prove their Minnesotan-ism?  Like a game show with mini muffins for prizes.
It would only take 2 seconds. If you resist direct confrontation and want to discuss weather, likely Minnesotan
I'm from Texas but my senators aren't taking my calls. Would love 2 chat. I can bring breakfast tacos for Minnesotans.
Another Texan here. Same. :)
Breakfast tacos  and kolaches!
Can you please move to CO and then run for election here?
maybe some Harvard pudding for breakfast eh Senator?
you are an embarrassment to the state and the country.
how about former philadelphians living in Miami who admire your career and what you are doing?
This is adorable.  from Seattle!
How bout Wisconsinites?
what about Ohioans? 
Serving crow, Mr Tarbrush?
#this @SenFranken @KamalaHarris  breakfast for Californians?
Senator its great to see ur amazing connection to those who voted for you.
#SenatorAlFrankenIn2020ForPresident
You make me wish I was a Minnesotan. Can I trade you a NY bagel for a bowl of that porridge?
I'm not from Minnesota and would love to! I'm from Michigan tho...lol
I can't move to MN by tomorrow. Sorry.
You're sweet Al!
Can a Texan stop by? I'll bring migas! You, @SenWarren and @timkaine were amazing during the DeVos hearings
Thank you, Senator, for all that you do! Wish you were my Senator, too.
I love this! Hope to get to DC sometime to visit you...we can chat about the cost of  diabetes supplies and insulin.
Good to hear some  senators aren't afraid of their constituents!!
I'm a Floridian so why don't you just run for president next go around so we can make this official?
do you check IDs?
I've been and it was one of my favorite things I did in DC.  Highly recommended!
Damn. I wish I was from Minnesota.
Franken 2020!
you're so cool! Wish you were my senator. Wish you were my President. You are the total opposite of my senator Roy Blunt.
this is what democracy looks like.
.@SenFranken can huge @TheReplacements and @theholdsteady attend?
What about Virginians who think you've been killing it lately? Thursday?
you are a rock star!!! I'm a fan but I'm from NY.  No Wednesday porridge for me!
can you please move to Texas!?!? we need ur representation here!!
I'd move to Minnesota to have breakfast with you!!
Cc: @SenToomey
if we're not from Minnesota-- can we still come?
you're so awesome! @SenTomCotton just hides from us in Arkansas
You said it. He's such a wuss.
I want to move to Minnesota because you're awesome!
You're so cool. With love, from Cali.
I really wish you were one of my senators.
the more I get to know about you, the more I love you!  Keep up the great work, it is appreciated!
Oh shoot, Iowa is a neighboring state. Couldn't Iowans stop by too?  (we Dems have no Democratic Senator to see!)  :-)
I know I'm a Texan, but in the spirit of V-Day, won't you be mine... Representative? <3 #envious #bluedot #freebreakfast
What about some random Canadian that thinks you're smart and funny?
Wish I were a Minnesotan right now. 
...I wish that I lived in Minnesota. @SenToomey from PA  is too chicken to show his face.
How about Floridians? I hear Rubio serves stale donuts...
Wish you were my Senator. I really enjoy watching you.
- Wait, how do I get a Senator Franken without moving to MN?
The question is: why don't you want to move to MN? We're a hidden treasure! 
will you adopt Oklahoma?
I'm from California but could bring bagels & juice.
Thanks again! #Mahnomin = yum!  |  Now go get 'em Al!
will you rant against us and call us paid protestors if people from another state visit? Maybe even ask questions on policies?
I don't see this coming from @SenDeanHeller anytime soon. #hiding
I wish I lived in MN. @marcorubio won't even accept our calls.
I second that.  I don't have the money to talk to Rubio. Devos paid him $100,000 to his attention.
What of I was born and raised bit don't live there anymore?
#democrook
Shucks I'm from Michigan
But I've have a great Congressman @RepDanKildee
be our 46th please
