We're excited to announce the new #duckstamp is now available! http://bit.ly/2t3dgLe  
Norm "son of a" Gunderson?
No he's on the 3-cent stamp.
But it's better to be on the 3 cent stamp. "whenever they raise the postage they need the little stamps.”
Oh Siobhan you got Arby's all over me.
Oh, I just think I'm gonna barf...
 ... Well, that passed. Now I'm hungry again.
And he used MY bird in that painting. That was nice 
Stop acting like you were born here.
He moved there when he was four. Is that good enough?
Seriously?
Oh Geese! Are you ducking kidding me? 
Duck? It's a goose!
While that's nicely done, the new 45 record sleeve stamp set of Janice Joplin is what I reached for
They do know that's a goose don't they??
That's really good, Norm!
Duck Duck Duck Duck Duck GOOSE!!!!
Pretty
For those wondering, 'Duck Stamps' like this are used as hunting licenses and raise conservation funds. Like Ducks Unlimited in Canada.
DUCK STAMPS! Thank god the duck stamps are back. Lordy me.
I'm Canadian. Those are our geese.
Al is a loon so he probably can't tell
It says "Canada Geese" right on the corner.
To be fair, I didn't mention what  moron I am.
But the ducks depicted are geese...
Am I wrong, or isn't Hautmam the guy who beats out Norm Gunderson in the stamp painting contest in the movie Fargo ?
Ya, sure, you betcha!
That fact we have a Federal Duck Stamp Contest and the country is broke doesn't bother anyone?? Hey when its someone elses money right?
Is this not reminiscent the last scene of the movie Fargo?
Those are Canadian geese, Al, not ducks.  Strange that geese from Canada appear on US stamps.
Behold, our mighty Canadian Stealth Bombers. No American cars will be safe from this feathery menace!
Why not loons?
Thanx for the shout out to geese. Enjoy us 
Excited for James but you know we can only think of Fargo right?
News you can use.
You know those are geese, right?
#notducks
I'm waiting for the "Drone stamp"
Beautiful 
Aw hon, you've got Arby's on yer chin.
That's the most Fargo-esque thing I've heard all week....
#FakeDuck
Norm- They announced it.
Marge- They announced it?
Norm -Yeah.
Marge - So?
Norm- Three-cent stamp.
Marge- Your mallard?
Norm- Yeah.
Duck?
Canada Goose!
Eh!!
For all your duck mailing needs.
"it's just the 2 cent stamp, Margie."
$25? Can this stamp be purchased with Canadian currency?
Minnesota: lots of lakes and...duck stamp art. You may use this as the new state slogan.
Shades of Fargo!
K
There's a federal duck stamp contest? And it's a regular thing?
Beat out the Fargo fella.
Sure reminds me of Norm in Fargo.
Awesomeness 
Pull
#NotDucks ;)
Holy shit! There's a $25 stamp??? Oh, it's a hunting license stamp. For like, killing ducks and geese. I get it. 
You know Moscow has infiltrated the US media & government right?!  By not banning state-funded Russian propaganda, you allow it to function!
Awwww man @petitchatadore You @SenFranken are my bestie. From Montreal, Canada, please follow me 
*hint hint* They're Canadian geese. BTW Mr. Franken, you're awesome :D
I like it. Remember sitting in a blind as a kid, freezing, watching these guys fly over all day.
You mean the Bureau of Federal Duck Stamp Contests has not been shuddered yet?
Will he paint your Presidential portrait? Hint hint
You're one of the last real Senators in Washington. The rest are questionable traitors (except Klobuchar).
Kinda liked the idea of a Tiger Woods stamp. Loved your book and all of the great work you do. Keep breakin a leg
First you tackle climate deniers, and now stamp art. You really go after the brown M&Ms, don't you? DON'T STOP!
That is beautiful!
Damn! I was rooting for the guy in Fargo-
Ok. Maybe I'm crazy. But these are geese. Are geese DL ducks?
Where do you sign up for next year my Emmy nominated bud needs to get in on this

http://chrishopkinsart.com/ 
Wasn't The Federal Duck the name of the band @rayadverb was in?
Mr. Franken. They're not ducks. They're Canadian geese.
If it looks like a duck, walks like a duck, quacks like a  it must be a stamp.
I think its beautiful
I think at least for the moment people are a little more concerned with the Health Bill contest :-)
It's impossible not to think of the movie Fargo
Bravo!  Just like in Fargo!!!

Hey Al!  Big fan!   Can I get a RT of tRump in a kiddie pool w lots of ducks?  
And they call Alabama the Crimson Tide.....
Is it really going to cost $25 to mail something? That will be the death of @USPS
You're kidding, right?
Goose - chicken - duck?
Not the husband from Fargo?
