Vote for him: because he's good enough, he's smart enough, and doggone it, people like him. #gorsuch
What a surprise!  You really are part of the DemocRATS Dirty Party Machine.  LIES
Only Garland style nom acceptable, @SenFranken. I give $9 to sens who vocally oppose this stolen 9th seat. Also $9 to primary all yes votes.
Losing faith daily.We protest,sign petitions,our representatives ignore us.I love that you are standing up Al but wherertherest
#NoJustice #NoPeace filibuster!
we're a liberal nation- pop vote  +massive liberal protests outnumber cons teaParty AltRight all together SC should reflect US

imagine that
Gorsuck thinks an employer decides whether their employees get modern medicine/medical intervention or NOT (a feudalism model)
I urge you to oppose Gorsuch's nomination, Senator.
Do you still have delusions that anyony cares what you think or say? Or that you were ever funny until you got elected?? 
@TheDemocrats @DNC @TEN_GOP you are finally realizing your wish to be a comedian now that you cheated your way into the senate.
I hope you decide to filibuster. This nomination is not legitimate. Hearing should be for Garland.
Concerns? That's what you have when your kid is coming home late on a school night.
#oppose #deny #resist
first  question at confirmation hearing:  Do you think it was constitutional  what the republicans' did to Merrick Garland?
Answer:  They were just implementing the 'Biden Rule'
is all that you on the right do, lie?
When I typed Gorsuck, was it just a typo or an subconscious freudian slip? OPPOSE/BLOCK Gorsuch.
What philosophy? It's not difficult. Yes the constitution says this, no the constitution does not say that. Simple #SCOTUS
can you do something about DeVos and the EPA nominee- to me, those are the most long-range damage
Dems took the hi-road in 2016. How'd it work-out?? GOP rejected a midl-of-the-road nom now they xpect us to accept a rt-winger!!
you have concerns he's constitutional? Follow @Sen_JoeManchin 's lead. Put partisan politics aside. #SCOTUSnominee
AL this guy is so smart , you need to start doing what is right for the country .not pandering to mental liberals
Excellent!
@jfphillips1981 just say NO!
YOU AND THE REST OF DEMOS ARE ONLY HOPE TO STOP THIS TRUMP/REP CARNAGE BEFORE IT GETS BLOODY!!
On what planet do u live?
AMERICA!  PROUD TO BE AN AMERICAN!!!
https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/its-time-to-make-republicans-pay-for-their-supreme-hypocrisy/2017/02/01/b5026f24-e8c0-11e6-bf6f-301b6b443624_story.html?utm_term=.dd3b1c9ecab2 …
- VOTE NO ON #SCOTUS OR FACE PRIMARY CHALLENGE! WE THE #INDIVISIBLES WILL MAKE CERTAIN IT HAPPENS!
"All you need are three bones: the wishbone, the jawbone, and the backbone" 
- @ninaturner
have concerns about Bannon and USAG should be legal stop on extremism and uphold civil rights
we have concerns about yours too ass-hat/ but we have to listen to your rancid mouth anyway!!!
please do not. Any consideration of Trump's nominee to fill Scalia's seat rewards the GOP for hijacking the constitution #resist
A political way of saying that since he was not appointed by a Dem Pres. you will vote no. Shameful partisanship!
You have concerns?  The only issue is he is republican.  U can't play nice in the sandbox.  He is entirely qualified.
Thank u Sen.Franken. We greatly admire your work from The Pine Tree State. Cheers!
The supreme court Judge will win too!!! Americans HAVE NO ONE TO STAND UP FOR US!!!!!
@BBCBreaking @SenSanders @timkaine @DemWarRoom @amjoyshow @ACLU @BuzzFeedPol @DemGovs
READ THREADS&WATCH VIDEOS (inAttchmnts!)
You wouldn't know class if it hit u in the azz
Senator, what's happening w investigation into Russia's hack of our election? Time is ticking & our country being destroyed!
Great job. THANK YOU!
.@SenFranken here's a blast from your past.

A so- called former comedian who got his seat from the truck of a car..You have no standing to be on his level..
We agree, #blockhim !
wow talk about long winded..Now I know why nothing got done! These senators need to shutup and work together!
Theatrics

Please block any vote that is not Garland. Thank you.
Really?  Garland?  On what planet do u live?  Why would Garland be put forward by as republican president?
The US has been taken over by a white-supremacist coup. Measures must be taken. The old ways of resistance won't work.
Examine. Then obstruct 4 yrs. Packed court will revoke citizenship laws. USA will be First and White Only. Green cards 1st step.
block him!
Oppose on principle! If you believe in president's right to name justice, this is NOT Trump's pick. Wrong to reward stolen pick!
he is more than qualified. I am tired of obstruction for obstruction's sake. As MN voter, watching to see what you do.
Don't let them steal the seat!
Ask yourself who Trump's alternative is. Someone will be voted in. Justice Kennedy mentored this one. That says something.
No. On. Everything.

@SenFranken @carl_krash
Don't need to study him. If trump wants him say no.
Here's a hint
Gorsuch cites Kissinger in his Columbia yearbook: "The illegal we do immediately, the unconstitutional takes a little longer." (oy) 
don't entertain his responses. Please vote no and encourage all Dems to stand and say no if its not Garland.
Grow up?  Garland, really?
Wouldn't it be nice if President "Gump's" nominees had the same level of vetting as the refugees being detained at the airports
Filibuster forever unless it's Garland. Do not allow theft of the seat! Cruz said 8 was just fine in October.
Give Gorsuch the SAME treatment the GOP gave Garland! Dem voters are TIRED of weak, cowardly @TheDemocrats caving in to trump!
#FilibusterGorsuch
nothing to consider, remember  what Republicans did with Garland.
you have to block him please please
Al, we need to STOP this nomination from being confirmed. Need to try and hold off until we can get Trump and Pence OUT of WH.
ur party already vetted him 4 yrs ago with a voice vote. Hey at the end of the day Al you can't stop it. So save the rehtoric
Democrats can't always be the party of giving in. They can't always "play ball" when the other team is playing a different sport
For every action there is an = & opposite reaction. @McConnellPress actions warrant unyielding resistance. #BlockGorsuch
NO VOTE. Merrick Garland or NO ONE
Please oppose Gorsuch. He will not support Roe v Wade & he supports employers NOT providing contraception for women #StopGorsuch
Protect women's rights. #NoRoeNoGo
we have concerns that guy who nominated him has no business being POTUS, should be vetted 
#TrumpTaxReturns
his mom and the EPA not good
I trust you Senator Franken will do a thorough background check on Mr. Gorsuch. What Ive heard about him so far is troubling.
Remember Merrick Garland?!  Resist. Please.
Filibuster!
you mean the way they closely examined Merrick Garland's background?
Gorsuch wrote: "American liberals are circumventing the democratic process on issues like gay marriage, school vouchers" .. etc
is it possible you could be any less relevant-- what would John Belushi say to you now  Dean Wormer? Every Fall the toilets....
of course you do. Predictable hack politician. Now realize you can't stop it since we have the nuclear option. Thx @SenatorReid
why? #RESIST
please as of his science knowledge/philosophy (evolution, climate etc) as Scalia's antievolutionism bad http://www.tortucan.com/chapter1/riding-off-the-rails-antonin-scalias-edwards-v-aguillard-dissent.html …
I would not expect any less from my very hardworking senator
look out your window to the steps of the supreme court you answer is clear.  #resist
Love the comments and agree with most!  No need to rush - that's clear from the past year! How does "campaign" status effect it?
Normal rules are out the window. Don't allow him to seat a single one. Play by THEIR rules.
Filibuster. Make everything hard until Trump's relationship with Putin is thoroughly investigated & he's released his returns.
yeah, his conservative philosophy. He is beyond reproach.  Obstructing at every turn...confirm him
Thank you for your bold statement, but  @SenateDems  couldn't even stop Devos, how can we count on you to stop anything?
This nomination should not happen.  Putin should not get a say in our supreme court.  Filibuster!  Remember Merrick Garland!
filibuster or bust.
Filibuster him!
Please oppose nomination of Gorsuch to #SupremeCourt to protect #WomensRights Time to #StandUpToTrump #Resist
please confirm Gorsuch to protect human life #ProLife
Al, this nomination was Obama's. Now is not the time to play nice. Obama's nomination was ignored, so ignore Trump's. #resist
just say "no" to any Trump nominee except Garland.
His philosophy, rely s on mythology.
Al knows what a judicial philosohy is. So let's have him articulate that. I'll wait.
RESIST.  This dangerous administration needs to be kept in check.  Do not do them any favors.
obstruct, resist, filibuster, block.  Enough said!
#MerrickGarland. Grow some balls and refuse to even consider #NeilGorsuch. We will remember if you don't.
Roe vs Wade must be protected ~ voters will remember
I'm usually a just minded person, but this admin has made me callus. No vote. Sometimes you have to hit the bully back.
DENY DENY DENY RESIST RESIST RESIST
@senwarren @senharris Ask Gorusch what the constitution says about advise and consent.  And is Pres term 3 years now?

It's a no, Al. Nope. Repubs don't get to steal a SCOTUS seat.
@xdelmar59 So help me God if you vote for than anti contraceptive extremist I will never support you or anyone that voted 4 him.
You should go back on TV as a comedian because your a horrible Senator
NO! BLOCK ANYONE EXCEPT GARLAND!
We have to hold them accountable for what they did to Garland.
Hah! Thank dummie Reid for changing the rules hahaha
you must block the nominee no matter what. It's a stolen seat and it's shameful. #trumplies and #gop r cowards
He sounds very intelligent and very conservative.
The seat was stolen, do not just closely examine, you must reject.
Give him the hearing Garland got.
.@SenFranken I am genuinely confused/curious as to why you would closely consider his pick when they refused to closely consider Obama's.
loved you then and now. Only i respect in congress, another word for getting fukt, are you, lewis, warren, bernie...
We all do (the MAJORITY).
We are behind you as you make certain we can protect the lives of women and workers.
do not hold a hearing!! Two words: Merrick Garland.
Grow up
they didn't even think about Garland when Dems or media weren't asking.
No to Trump's Supreme Court nominee. As Mitch McConnell said, the Supreme Court will be just fine with only 8 justices.
IF trump wanted to. Ring this country together he would have nominate Garland!
I'm with Republicans on this. Presidents in their last year don't get a SCOTUS pick. Seriously. Treason. Law Breaking. Impeach.
3 million illegal votes at least.  U guys just don't understand the electoral college.  Grow up for God's sake.
Not good enough. REPs stole this seat from Pres. Obama. Filibuster all Trump SCOTUS nominees. No time for tactics-RESIST.
considering he sided with hobby lobby should make him an automatic no
filibuster
resist everything
@SenateDems - Please know women, small businessmen and TheLittleGuy will not be protected/respected by Gorsuch. #Resist
@1099rock block any nominee that's not Garland
Please fight this nomination.
Al - why would you play along with these cheating bastards?? It's not about his qualifications! #isupportmerrickgarland
filibuster him!!!
Please, do NOT vote for this man. He believes corporations are people but women aren't. Do not let him make decisions for us.
We're counting on you Senator Franken, this is not the Supreme Court pick my generation wants or the one the country voted for
do your due diligence. Then say no
Ask him what he thinks about GOP blocking a SC nominee.
no
GARLAND.
I wonder how many Republicans vetted Garland? Oh yeah, they all just decided to not do their jobs. #NotOurJustice #SCOTUS
please oppose!
ive studied him. U should be very concerned.
no need to examine. Against abortion, he's filibuster worthy. No hearing for Garland, no hearing for Gorsuch
vote him and all out karma he is far far right against woman's rights,gays workers plus should keep them out &get in Obamas pick
#StolenSeat
'let's make a deal'
VOTE NO!
@melimel521 , Please vote "no"
you're great Al. Big supporter. Please help define the new rules of engagement and then follow them. We need your leadership.
he doesn't even deserve a hearing!
please stand firm. We are counting on you to hear our voices not play along with rules. Brother, this war!#StopGorsuch #Resist
Look at his mommy
there should be even greater concerns about the republicans holding the seat open for a year. They stole it!
spoken like a true hypocrite!  Your POTUS is the biggest snowflake of us all!!
i have a masters degree in social work to help all those lazy people you hate because your such a good Christian
keep up the good work!
OBSTRUCT OBSTRUCT OBSTRUCT #stolenseat
Corperations over working families is his philosophy. Research done. Vote No!!
Dems can take the high ground and at least allow a hearing and vote, while making sure 60 votes don't happen.
why would they do this?  What's the end game?
women's rights. LGBT rights. Why do we have to still fight for rights hard-earned and granted?
There is no "yes" here. Only no, or nono, or nonono, or never in a million years. This should continue until the end of time.
you've been a loud voice of reason amidst a sea of insanity. Please keep it up!
AL kicking ass but the voters don't want to hear abt reaching out 8yrs the R's basically stole whatever they wanted like scotus
NO. Stop thinking that the GOP will be willing to compromise if you just work with them a little more. They won't.
@xdelmar59 I'm concerned someone will retire. Then we are in real trouble. Leave them empty
Me too. We are going back to the 1950s which is what they want.
I'm sure you'll make the right decision. Though if McConnell could delay Garland for 1 year, why can't we delay for the next 4?
Just vote him in! You dems screwed it upon 2013! He will be nominated. Get out your tissues AL!
If you don't vote NO then I will personally do whatever I can to unseat you. That would be a shame since i voted for you 2x
and I have concerns about your illegal drug use in the '70s and '80s. We all have our crosses to bear.
I can't even take this guy seriously.. what a joke
Gorsuch has sided with corporations over workers rights & benefits & does not support a woman's right to choose. Obstruct him.
Hobby Lobby, Al. What more do you need?
you must apply the Garland rule
Grow up already!
scrutinize it about as much as GOP scrutinized Garland. That is what your supporters expect.
Just No, he should not and cannot be confirmed, period!
.@SenFranken please don't throw gay folk under the bus as so often happens when Dems hug Repubs #LGBT #Resistance #compliantjudiciary
Treat him with the same respect that Judge Garland was given.
Just say #NO. Not much study to see he does not care about #WomensRights
FILIBUSTER EVERY nominee except Merrick Garland or I (and millions more) will abandon the Democratic party.
no, we won't abandon the party, there is no viable option. The Sanders-Clinton break is largely what got us here.
block him. No pick for obama no pick for trump
you must oppose him for women and LGBTQ constituents
I think not! Franken sounds like a babbling idiot, pitiful choice for Minnesota!
give him the same respect the GOP gave Garland
Don't do it, Al. I don't care if he nominated Barack Obama. Do. Not. Confirm.
Republicans rule-don't you get it?obama is no longer president thank God!
let me save you the trouble, just filibuster #ResistTrump
Say NO
