The guardian
Can we just vote Charlie in for President?!? SERIOUSLY!! How adorable!!
Or Jacob!
I'd vote for either!! 100x better than the POS we have in right now!!
Probably fewer tantrums
When all seems lost, along comes a dog and a baby. Hope? Love? Unconditional kindness? Human decency? Thank goodness for babies and dogs!
Looks like my Archie (here with his favorite feline, Fender.) Your guys are precious, Senator.
Love you Al Franken, please run for President.  Please, pleeeeaaaase.
awwwwwwww
That beautiful little boy is why we must #resist! He deserves clean air, water, freedom and a chance for all his dreams to come true.
baby's best friend. My dog Frank the Tank's favorite thing in the world is babies. Enjoy the time, Gramps
awwww 
Labs are the best!
Adorable! Labs are the best!
@GoodDogLouie pleased to meet them both. Thank you for posting something so sweet and joyful. #nationalpetday
Meet Emily Al
What a precious photo. Thanks for sharing it.
So sweet...
Charlie looks great
Beautiful!
Awww, Charlie is very lovely.
awwww 
So Adorable.  Congrats to your best friend's new friend  
Gorgeous dog!
The best Mr. Frankin. We are dog people and Democrats
Two gentle, sweet souls by the looks of it. ;-)
Charlie <3
Me & my Charlie (who keeps me sane these days)

Hello,sen,Al Franken,the photo is so ,kool, and Sweet,
You're seriously the best.
I knew there were other reasons to love you. That's beautiful. 
That's so sweet it makes me tear up.
This is how we all COULD live in concert with #OurMother's #OtherChildren. Man's #DominationOfNature will surely #FAIL! #CooperationRULES!
aaaahhhh, new baby smell
This is overwhelmingly adorable
We ALL needed a shot of that sweetness today. 
Thank God there is love and beauty in the world.
God bless you and your family!
Soooo sweet
Enjoy them both, Senator.  Keep fighting the good fight.
Hello boys. Sweet dreams Jacob and Charlie. :)
Thanks for being human Al! Keep up the awesome work!
So sweet. Animals are such a wonderful gift. Charlie for president! And Jacob, just stay sweet.
The world needs Jacob and Charlie today. #sheesh
Adorable
Thank you for sharing
This is precious, also once again Franken2020!!
Thank you I needed such a sweet photo today!
Ringo says hi to Charlie, and Jacob
So cute!!!
Adorable, Mr. Franken 
they're both seriously cute. Keep snapping those photos.
Priceless.
I WANT TO EAT THEM BOTH UP!!  SO ADORABLE!!!!!!
so cute!!!
don't get much cuter than this
Gorgeous pup!
How cute!
Charlie looks scratchable. 10/10
We took almost that exact same picture the minute our firstborn got home from the hospital.
Awwww...
Beautiful yellow Lab!
Awwww! BFFs.
Awww!!! So adorable! #nationalpetday Chiara says, "Hi!".
yo i was JUST about to ask you for some animals STAT
How precious.
Ya, 'yall' put dog hater in D.C.!
OMG!  So CUTE!!!
Thank you for a good moment from Washington !
Be still my heart . Wish Jim were here to see this Al .
Dog lives matter
This is love!
