.@POTUS making such an absurd statement after calling for #ACA repeal shows he doesn’t understand irresponsible path he's leading us down.
But you know who does understand? The people who’ve lived w/—& without—the ACA. And these Minnesotans can tell you: https://www.facebook.com/senatoralfranken/posts/1277499632335916 …
Let’s not rip away coverage. Let’s stabilize insurance market, reduce Rx prices, and ensure Americans who need health care aren't denied it.
No one benefits from the medical insurers' huge cut out of OUR healthcare $ except the insurance companies. SINGLE PAYER PLEASE!
um we know!
Who knew? Uh, everyone!
Well, when you paint by numbers what do you expect!!  He can only count to 10!  When he looks at his hands of course!
If my father was still alive he would say "what a schmuck!"
by nobody he meant himself lol. The third person include calling yourself nobody and everybody? As in everybody's asking?
that is what we get when a president like @realDonaldTrump has a brain the size of a pea
That tells us he didn't do his homework
yeah, who knew it was so complicated? ! "I did," says everyone who is not the president.
I don't think the most brilliant comedy writer could have come up with that.
damn you Franken, how could you not know it was complicated. I sent you and all the others the "complicated" memo. #Bernieknew
exposed his own ignorance.  Again.
.@SenFranken No, Donald, it gets complicated when you try to keep the #ACA AND put the $$ it costs in the pockets of the wealthy. Try again.
He says a lot of things about which he knows nothing. They are going to push through with or without equal coverage.
Do all in this Admin live under rocks? HOW do they not know this???
@JohnGla94676241 @POTUS in his defense he's never been very intelligent inquisitive or let's face it, human.
a mystery wrapped in an enigma!
Because a person with free healthcare and millions (yes I know billionaire) in the bank has no Dr worries.
so what Stuart. Scurry along now..
Chewing gum is complicated to the #FakePresident
Does Trump really deserve that much respect (POTUS)? Unleased Ds are way too kind & generous.
Obama seem to understand it's complexities
Healthcare is probably the least of the complications that await him as POTUS.
Who knew?
If there was any need left to confirm that he has lived his life in a state of complete oblivion, this took care of that.
why repeal?  Why not just fix?
he's too stupid to run a country.  Did he even graduate from Wharton?  Show us those transcripts
Don't you know by now? With @realDonaldTrump, science ain't an exact science.
DT considers himself everbody & nobody. Nobody knows as little as DT, that's what he meant 2 say. Sorry excuse 4 a prez
Bless his heart. Disturbing that he thinks he's the 1st person to realize it & has to tell the rest of us.
Obama knew. Shit, ROMNEY KNEW. Only this dolt.
actually MOST PEOPLE KNEW THAT. Also would've been nice if ppl paid attention during debates when he had zero answers
Trump is right.  It is too complicated and needs to be simplified.  GET GOV'T OUT OF HEALTHCARE!
legislation down our throats. "...life-saving protections..."?Gimme a break!
I can't believe he spoke the truth.  Maybe he should have looked at a hospital bill or read a HIPPA release.
ACA is a joke.  You ought to know.  Your election was rigged as an essential part of ramming this piece of rotten
It's so much easier 2 sit on the sidelines &throw stones at the @POTUS until it's YOUR turn. Not so easy now is it Trump?
-Meaning Trump did not think it was complicated! Evidently his critical thinking skills are totally absent..! Troubling..
EVERYONE knew. Except Trump.
Only every single human who's ever truly looked at it.
and everyone who has ever had to go to a doctor.
@moravec @POTUS #shockedoknotreally
Why would this surprise anyone? He is a dunce. His Dad held him under 1 minute too long in the bathtub.
Christ on a bike.
We knew...He didn't. He's so unfit for the presidency I can't explain it strongly enough.
he has no idea of 99% of the topics he claims he knows much about obviously he don't know about health care
@veve4heart @POTUS  45 is the only one who thought it was simple
HRC knew, actually having done the hard work. Outsiders = no experience. This is what you get.
.@SenFranken @MikeFitzburg @POTUS silver spoon in his mouth. He's never had to deal with anything complicated. Just throw money at problems.
The ACA lets me care for my WWII Vet father who has dementia.  I have lupus.
But if we die I will be happy to blame 45.
#failingpotus does it again.
#Iknew
5th grade bully
@RachelMaddowSho exposes Ross & Cyprus bank & Russian money laundering through Trump. That's the string to pull.
deadly as well!
Duh!
@SheilaDecker19 @POTUS  It is my educated guess that while running for president this trump fellow overstated his qualifications
God help us end this Dictatorship ASAP!
Broken > Repeal:Replace or Break:Fix =WordSmithing> 1 yr estimate:Contracts, Analysis, SOWs, Re-coding Website:Interfaces
Rich people problems
OMG, seriously?
Why not just clone Canada Care? It works fine.
He should have warned...presidential is hard.
no EVERYBODY knew except @realDonaldTrump who thinks he can just get a few insurance guys in the room and "fix" it. #dope
Liar!
Trump is so damned dumb.
@Indivisible_OR We need a Dem plan to improve ACA that we can lobby for. Protests are influencing the GOP. Put us to work!
It is truly frightening that i find trump to be dumber than Bush 43.
so is destroying a country
because he is an idiot!
The ACA needs a fix. It should look like the medical model to the north.
no because he just "knows" more than anyone 
@ForQ2 @POTUS trying to figure out where he was in 2009/10 when ACA was huge topic. Didn't he see this in the news then?
I do.
Looking forward to my much less expensive and much better healthcare!  I'm sure @POTUS  will explain how he does that Tuesday
send POTUS a NO WHINING button .. countries a mess .. healthcare so complicated. Need more than spot on FOX to understand
Kind of like how the presidency can be so complicated...all the rules, the laws and the Constitution.
just saw disgusting @RepMoBrooks on @CNN he could care less about all the people on ACA just want to repeal. Fix #ACA
what a joke this guy is making of this country
It was only him who didn't understand it!  #UNFIT2BPOTUS
In 2016, he said that he already had a plan. Where is it?
@rathnot143 @POTUS al is a cartoon character . ignore his babble & rhetoric .
is in trouble.
DUH!
thought the overhaul could be done during lunch #MaraLago
Uhhh, I think maybe a few people had an inkling.
.@SenFranken @POTUS um everybody knew but him
@tRUMP & @GOP #MedicareForAll!
he's a total idiot- of course it's complicated, seriously he's completely unqualified for the position!
.@SenFranken @POTUS needs a reverse "Daily Affirmation W/ Stuart Smalley." He's not good enough, smart enough & doggone it, people hate him!
meaning EVERYONE except POTUS knew it was complicated; maybe he should have been in those daily briefings #indivisible

hmmmm...I guess 45 isn't even as bright as a dim bulb. Health care is extremely complicated! @realDonaldTrump DUH!!
complicated? I just rolled my eyes out loud. The damage done daily  by this admin daily. 
Boy, who knew playing president would be so complicated?
You would make an outstanding POTUS and would be a healing antidote. I hope someone talks you into running in 2020.
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!!!!!!!
What do you expect?
@DeannaMc1 @POTUS um try everybody except one
this man's ignorance of EVERY issue involving the needs of the people of this country is staggering.  Hope for midterms!
Most issues with ACA were caused by obstructionist Republicans collaborating with insurers for ACA failure. #FixACA
Charlie Baker was there and knows. He ran Harvard Pilgrim HC before he became gov of MA. And, MA had HC years before ACA.
presidenting in general is complicated. ;)
But he's unpresidented.
maybe he should have asked, oh I don't know, anyone who works for a living to start with? Or a cancer patient?
But he's attempting to run this Country! #WeThePeople are doomed for failure! #ResistFromDay1
that statement has to be one of the the most ridiculous  ever uttered by someone occupying a position of authority.
ily

Not absurd coming from someone who gets his queue from Fox & Friends
I'm pretty sure I knew.  I lost $7K last year trying on prescriptions for my teenagers' Accutane.  Why illegal from CAN?
Accutane should be generic. Lots of side effects but can stop cystic acne. Not for simple teen zits.
Well, try to explain it to him slowly. I have complete faith in you Sen. Al Franken. You have been noticed. ;)
Senator Al, I would laugh at his ignorance, but it's much too painful.
omfg al. This dude can't be serious. How can he have a plan to repeal and replace if he doesn't get it
rediculous question The guy is a con-man with each cell & artery filled with ego He gets crowd size That's it
Add on "I know you (my base) will understand when nothing gets done"
wow gosh who knew?
apparently Fox News didn't run a banner that said "Healthcare is Complicated"  Therefore "nobody" knew
LOL
Literally everyone except @POTUS knew that. LITERALLY EVERYONE.
He is just an idiot.
.@SenFranken @POTUS I think whenever he uses "nobody" that really just means him.
It does. It's a sort of absolute narcissism. And it's very very dangerous. As we'll see...
Could be a new SNL skit.
Well, not NOBODY.
Trump's 6th grade level rhetoric spawns ethnic violence nation wide.
When are we going to impeach this loon?
he's such a dope
trump is a special kind of stupid
apparently his voters were as ignorant
Many of his supporters love the ACA, apparently - it's Obamacare they don't like.
LOL
