Senate GOP has decided to take the opposite approach, shrouding their health care bill in secrecy, trying to rush bill through w/o hearings.
That's no way to pass legislation in a democracy, let alone one that could rip insurance from 23M Americans and alter our national economy.
Americans deserve to know what’s in GOP health care bill being crafted behind closed doors & what it will mean for them and their families.
GOP @SenBobCorker said “process is better if you do it in public, and that people get buy-in along the way and understand what’s going on.”
He’s right. It’s time for @SenateGOP to stop hiding their bill bc people across our nation deserve lawmakers who are open & honest w/ them.
If GOP truly believes in their bill, they should start making their case to Americans in an open & transparent way.
.I'm an American and I say #RepealNoReplace even @NancyPelosi didn't know what was in it. Good for some but not all, I'm not paying for it
For the GOP & Trump, this is more about destroying BHO's legacy & if we're victims, so be it. They will twist it back to blame Obama anyway.
Not now there isnt.
@kinglj013 in addition, the ACA could have been better, but the republicans refused to come to the table.
Don't we have to pass the bill before we find out what is in it? Or is that just for Pelosi & the Dims?
Goofball, your princess said you had to pass it before you world know what was in it. Did you forget?
And then ur position was that the bill had to be passed b4 we could find out what was in it. Stuart.
GOP are saying F-you America we don't care about you won't do anything for you. We promise to tell you things you will believe just 4 a vote
And somehow people still vote for them.
This is my disconnect. 
Are these people really this blind, this trusting? Because they're supposedly the party of family values?
While time after time their reps get caught with prostitutes and minors and stealing from taxpayers.... I just don't get it.
GOP are cons only out for top 1% their vote is for sale. Their family values are that of the KKK and other white hate groups.
But that's just it. That's obv to *us* so why can't the other 99% - or even 25% - of their constituent see that?!?!???
The GOP promises hatred of non whites thus the racists eat it up and vote against their own interests.
I find it really hard to believe that its that simple for *that many* people.
Why not public? What's there to hide #GOP? #GOPDeathCare doesn't help Americans. Quit being douchey
@SenateGOP Show us the bill or move to Russia!
You're a fraud and liar.  America is woke and on to your treason.  You used reconciliation to pass it then told Americans a pile of  lies
Gee, that's a way different story than @SpeakerRyan and @SenateMajLdr. I wonder if they realize 'leaders' should be honest.
Liar. I distinctly remember Obama telling Republicans "we won" we'll do what we want.
Can you make it happen?  Mitch and friends don't care about citizens.
The Difference Between:
Good vs. Evil
Dem vs. GOP
HC Plan 4 All vs. Tax Cut 4 Wealthy
Open vs. Closed
Highly Regarded vs Disregard
Difference Between:
Defendable vs Defenseless
Justifiable vs Unjustifiable
Sensible vs Senseless
It's almost like they're not proud of the #AHCA
Republicans should be furious how their party is handling this. It's their insurance too!!! They're scamming all Americans #AHCA #TrumpCare
#MAGA #TrumpTrain #AHCA is not good for you or your family. CALL your Reps/ SHOW UP
mess you got Big Crazy Al better fix it soon.
Kinda sounds like a waste of time in retrospect doesn't it? And for what?  To fine me for not having Health Insurance.  Thanks Al
how much money are those 13 especially McConnell and Ryan will be lining their pockets with while destroying lives
What are you going to do. How do we make them scared to vote for this?
And it failed. Costing taxpayers.
GOP doesn't work this way. Secrets necessary, 'cause what they do is not for 
Am Ppl's benefit. They only work 4 special interests & rich.
IF REPS AND DEMS CANT WORK TOGETHER TO FIX THEN SIR YOU NEED TO RESIGN . You will be replaced with someone who can do it !!!
Are we surprised at the shadiness of the republicans?
EXACTLY!
Remember when u used to joke about child rape Al?
Liar
Wow. That all?
That's because we've entered into the era of the great American lie. Be warned, Post-truth = Pre-Fascism.
In case you missed it, ONLY Democrats voted for the bill!
You sir are one of the few in Washington that I think deserves to be there thank you for your service stand up for us please
And you still screwed it up
Just vote for it to see what's in it??????????
And it was all lies.
Just proves the stories of brain farts that have riddle the Republican GOP.
@SenFranken did you know insurance companies were going to pull out?  If not, what did the dems NOT do to predict that?
Did you? Did you really?
Remember pekoe "let's pass it so we can read it"?  None of you read it   3000 pages of BS and a useless Hcare burdening the working class.
they are all about deception its time to revolt
If it was indeed bipartisan why did no republicans vote for it? Time for dems to replace own failed #ACARepeal
..and you still came up with a garbage healthcare plan that was designed to fail and double insurance profits. Good to know Clown
Its probably better if 8 dudes write it in a basement somewhere without external input or advice from the medical community. #AHCA
All this is a lie. Prove your assertions!  Post all GOP amendments publicly and support your "story" @SenFranken. I bet you don't!
and my god it still sucked.
How well did that turn out? The reason was also bcos Obama didn't know how to lead. He swayed to every breeze & let others take the reigns
ACA completely ruined the affordable health care we had in our middle class, working family.
Lifetime limits and pre-existing conditions penalty in Republican ACHA going to fix that for you?
You do know this exists in ACA, right? My point is what happened to the great healthcare we had before. Insurance companies hit the workers
Lifetime/annual limits under ACA
Well, I guess when you're about to ruin the lives of tens of millions of people, you don't want to do it out in public
Why don't you try personal responsibility?
You're response makes no sense 
I want a fucking Trumpster to defend the GOP. THIS IS NOT DEMOCRACY
Not in DJT's racist world. Welcome 2 our new 3rd world country, where only the rich survive & government is by & only 4 the rich! #Impeach45
Welcome to Trumps America and the new political norm - an autocracy, with a Congress more than willing to play ball for the rubber stamp.
Democrats govern better than republicans
A Petri dish containing cancerous colon tissue could govern better than the GOP!
I'm sorry...that's the same situation that we already have.
U also had a decent president.
Yes they did. And the GOP did nothing but complain and now are destroying healthcare. #voteGOPout.
And yet still somehow managed to pass a bill that most in Congress didn't read and fewer in the public fully understood. Massive train wreck
This is both supremely stupid AND utterly irrelevant.
Perhaps you should pay for your own healthcare along with all the other federal and state of MN employees and get it via MNSure. Good4U2!
And then what happened???
We must assume the @SenateGOP bill is so horrific it can't be shared. PS - how can we get rid of senators before their re-election dates?
What is our plan to face this, Senator? Defend our rights. I know you don't get paid much, but you represent USA as a pen/voice in our name.
and Nance said we can't know what's in it until we pass it... sooo...
#Resistance
Senator, I urge you to withhold consent on any Senate business until this vile secrecy is lifted.
Why are you surprised- a president who fights transparency inspires others to do the same. Thank you for your service!
The difference between humanity, morality and possessing neither .. the "Neithers" are drooling.
Stay on them Sen. Franken
Obamacare had 79 committee hearings before it passed. Trumpcare had none –Eric Lutz, MIC;
& look at the result.
@GeorgeTakei Seems too shady how it's happening now. 45 will do anything to fulfill a campaign promise at Americans healthcare
Difference between building together vs tearing down just because... very infuriating
Well, appatently @GOP of the past decade is the most corrupt politicians in US not to mentioned small minded bigots with no ethics
UnAmerican @VP @RepJimBanks @RepWalorski @RepLarryBucshon @ToddRokita @SenToddYoung @RepTrey @SusanBrooksIN @LukeMesserIN @DanCoats
Yes because you were trying to improve healthcare.  @GOP just wants a tax cut for the wealthiest Americans.  #resist
@Lee_in_Iowa @SenateGOP @HouseGOP GOP party of family values.Christian.owbed by Koch bros, corps & other rich.take from poor .
And they still didn't vote for it. @DemSenators should have gone for #SinglePayer
This is not democracy, its authoritarian where we have no voice in decisions being made by GOP that is supposed to protect us from just this
Interesting fact but Pointless to reflect on past. GOP is evil and deliberate
Even tho' Pub inputs were bad faith stalling tactics....
This is an ABSOLUTE LIE
To quote Nancy Pelosi "We need to pass it to find out whats in it"
ObamaCare has HURT Americans
Work w/@POTUS&FIX IT
@GeorgeTakei There was no transparent financing that the CBO knew about! Democrats to get ACA passedhttp://youtu.be/Q0-BNE7Q3wM
We also could of had #SinglePayer but you were brought to heel by your donors. You also ignored your constituents by 62% #BernieWouldHaveWon
Oh Al that's adorable!  You still think there is actually a Constitution and checks and balances. That's what Germans thought in 1933.
@GOP @SenateMajLdr AltRightWing hostility is retaliation. Tweeting @POTUS supporters "turn about is fair play."
They are willing to destroy democracy over a resentment.
Remember Pelosi said it had to get passed, before the 2000 pages needed be be read. This was shoved down people's throats. Liar
To Believe the #TrumpParty could allow this Health Act to not be viewed & evaluted IS PERSONAL to Us!! Have U cared for any1 w/Alzheimer's?
Shut it down
please make @NancyPelosi read it next time
And look where it got u. Remember how scummy we were in Medicare part d? This is a million times more scummy. Winning!
Ahh, once again, you've confused winning with whining. We've come to know the latter on a daily basis. The former? *meh* not so much. 
Apparently, the RGOP favors the MOSCOW Way of ruling.
All that work on #ACA and you won't even buy it for you and your family.  Makes you wonder why you won't eat your in dog food?
& Every GOP amendment was meant to weaken it so that THIS HORROR could happen.

GOP RED COMMIE states DROVE OUT INSURANCE PROVIDERS.
But thanks to #KochSucking funded lies&Sinclair broadcast to local,rural areas ppl were fooled into being AGAINST more accessible healthcare
[ Yeah.. They wanna skip all that..  ridiculous   ]
it's criminal to start over and waste our citizens time and money ! Horrific maneuver - it should be improved and move forward
And then snuck it in on Christmas Eve. Ha. Foolish. Guess why the Dems lost 1,100 seats since Obama took office? ACA, & Dems arrogance. You!
This might be true. If it is it just goes to show how you and the rest of the Dems are totally stupid and lost when it comes to passing laws
@GeorgeTakei now its just a matter of seconds at the whim of an insane POTUS
& GOP still said it was conducted in secret! 
After a friend, Steve Wizner, made a brilliant arg before SCOTUS for indigent, his father, a furrier, told him"You could have been rich."
And still the Repugs said Dems tried to ram it through.
Ah, the good old days!
@Gop @SenMajLdr U seem 2 FORGET its th PPL who put u in your CUSHYJob U Work 4 Us 2 Take away HC frm Ppl wo any Details is FUCKING WRONG
But that was olden times.
True but it was based on a Heritage Foundation plan and written by the Insurance companies. #SinglePayer will fix cost and drug prices!
Thanks for your efforts for Healthcare and
#NetNeutrality
And, every other darn thing Trump is attempting to steal from us every single day

Maybe we collectively..Stop paying our taxes!
"We have to pass the bill to find out what's in it" - Your pal Nancy #Hypocrites
#HoldTheFloor #SaveMedicaid #ShowUsTheBill #NoHearingNoVote #STOPTrumpCare
Hope you are considering running for the WH.  you are much needed,a smart, sane,rational voice. Thank you for all your insights and fight
U are such a liar.... @GOP was left out in the cold... you and dem colleagues are hypocritical POS's...
True story. The #AHCA is a mockery of the legislative process and a sham, and disservice to the American people.
It all boils down to two words. CONFIDENCE & TRUST. DEMS HAVE THEM GOPS DONT HAVE THEM.
Republicans don't care about that
Please stop the AHCA vote from happening until there can be debate and the bill sees sunlight. We are counting on you.
And you created a better system, better bill in doing so. A win doesn't mean it's right or smart or that you deserve to win. #aca
Playing fairly not in @realDonaldTrump 's playbook. Rs showing their darkest side in bill secrecy. If as expected draconian, give 'em hell!
world of difference in what Republicans say and what they actually do.
Through mumbles its an American Turtle? When will these peoole accept the logic that the less poor there r more wealth the wealthy will have
And shoved it down the American throats this was a 100% bill zero GOP support had a failure you are living in the twilight zone
Well Toto, we're no longer in Kansas!
Unfortunately I don't know where we are but we are getting farther and farther from where we came from.
Those were the days! Now we have behind closed doors wrangling with no hope of equality to add ideas or amends from both sides.

That's all? Takes for years to get a basic college degree. Wake up, buddy. Go back to comedy. It's your best weapon.
THIS BILL will hurt the young, the disabled, and the elderly/needs to be canned. AARP already has put out warnings about cuts to Medicaid.
http://m.washingtontimes.com/news/2009/oct/26/health-reform-transparency-opaque-to-critics/ …
#HoldTheFloor I'm with you and so is my whole family.
Sorry
The GOP is showing America how they feel about transparency.
Dems literally did worst.
You also had morals, hearts and decency. Compassion. A clear understanding of right and wrong... I could go on about the differences...
Suckers!
Do mean the alternative reality being pushed by the Cons isn't correct! What!
It is extremely Un-American that an arm of our political system sworn to represent our interests is creating a bill in total secret 4 US???
All that and it was a failed piece of garbage legislation that made me lose my insurance I really liked, Smalley
And the GOP amendments radically altered the original law ushering their current action. Fight the AHCA. Fix the ACA please.
A bill that must be created in secret is 
a bill that must be defeated!
#AHCA #ACA #resist
cc: @PaulNiland
When you are a member of a gang you care more about what the other gang members think than what all of society thinks or needs
B4 or after Pelosi said well you have to pass it then find out what's in it.  Stop the hate or is it jealosy
Yet there were many hours of hearing and many, many minority amendments. http://www.latimes.com/la-ol-opinion-newsletter-obamacare-lies-trumpcare-20170318-htmlstory.html … They are not planning to have hearings.
Please keep fighting for us Senator.
Thank u for taking responsibility for failure of Obamacare
Of course, after all, it's the biggest pork barrel heist in U.S. history, everybody had to agree on how big each piece of the pie would be
It's obvious U guys wasted a lot of time to pass a decent bill. The @GOP will spend 0 time passing a worthless bill screwing most Americans.
Unfortunately not in Mcconnells America.  You'll get "ample time" and have to accept it.  Very sad state of our legislative branch.
Exactly the way it should be
Will the #Secret #Senate #Healthcare #plan provide assistance to working #seniors #prescriptions?
2018 National Referendum to Repeal Congressional Health Insurance. Let them pay like we do!
What's going on right now is unconscionable
Feel like you wasted your time with all that? I do. I wish you'd just written the bill we need without asking them.
The write it again now. Fix its flaws. Let ppl know what's possible, not just what to fear.  LEAD, damn it, LEAD.
if only you had gotten it right, we wouldn't be in this mess. #MedicareForAll
BS. The GOP started trying to repeal it before it was implemented. They hate Obama.
It's time to play hard ball and WIN!
No apologies!
No whining!
No hand wringing!
No righteous indignation!
FIGHT AND WIN!!!
You are all wrong.  Set down and shut up!
Please keep fighting for quality, affordable health care. What the GOP is doing is so wrong!
That's a lie.
Now it's O'Connell "no". Obstructionist Mitch has got to go; America needs bipartisan efforts to create bills that work for everyone
@SMShow   Please do what you can to stop this travesty Senator Franken. Your people won't forget....
But now the rich kids are running the playground. They never learned how to play nice with others.
Yeah, but trumpcare must be so great it that doesn't NEED to be read, or debated, or even seen before it passes! #HoldTheFloor
Wow, but they accused you of doing it in secret like they are, have they abandoned Truth & Principles entirely? Why?
Dumbest words ever written, it's comical.."We have to pass it to see what's in it" Remember those words? 
That's because you're not mean.
@GeorgeTakei #ShowUsTheBill
I'm so glad it's not my fault you were elected. Liar, you did shameful things in secret. Sucks when your opponent does it, right?
Marines are taught no religions races or creeds ,they are taught just Marines are next to them.  I am not a Marine but an American that
We have to pass it before we can see it.
45* says #AHCA is mean even as he sabotages #ACA. @SenJohnMcCain & @RepMcSally should work with Dems to fix ACA, not push @gop-only plan.
Give 'em he'll, Senator!
