You're a mensch!  Thank you.
Amen!
Thanks @SenFranken Happy #RoshHashanah to you too! Reading #GiantofTheSenate now. Excellent book! Highly recommended!
MCCONNELL ON TAPE-Koch Bros own the GOP
http://www.politicususa.com/2014/08/27/leaked-audio-tape-mitch-mcconnell-admits-koch-brothers-running-republican-party.html …

KOCH BROS BRIBE GOP-$400M to cut ACA for tax cuts
https://amp.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/jun/26/koch-network-piggy-banks-closed-republicans-healthcare-tax-reform …
This cannot be allowed
How is this any different than Russia's oligarchy? It isn't. Both are rule by and for the rich, aimed chiefly at increasing their wealth.
Exactly
You too and many thanks for continuing to fight for our health insurance.
It's going to be a very good year.

For Al Franken.
Keep your hands off my matzoh balls
שנה טובה!
Back at ha.  Have a sweet year!
You are the one true ray of light in DC. Blessings to you and your family.
A sweet year to you!
Thank you, kind sir! Well appreciated. May this year bring #hope less #sacrifice and will to conquer #new opportunities.
Thank you DADDY
Love this tweet.
Have a great one Mike!
Thank you Senator Franken! I STILL wish you'd run for President though! lol
And to you Al, and your loved ones. Thank you for your decency
And humor
I LOVE AL FRANKEN.  And I appreciate that he works so hard for us.
And to you! L'Shanah Tovah Tikatevu!
Shanah Tovah to you, Senator Franken and your family
Same to you!
L’Shanah Tovah, Sen. Franken. Keep fighting the good fight.
Lshanah tovah! I hope you reflect on having voted for further bolstering our neocolonialist military industrial complex! Blessings on you.
After all, the day of atonement does follow Awe,a time for reflecting if not on our faith, at least our morals. Voting for warmongering? Nah
Some of us up here in Canada dig you too! Shana Tova to you and yours.
What ever happened to Steve Pearce
May your new year be filled with sweetness!
And to you!
And to you, as well.
Shanah Tovah 2 U Senator. Wishing you a positive productive coming year. Hope you kick Trumps ass out of the WH, & pass a good health bill.
hello sir i need your help
Gam lach!  L'Shana tova u'metukah, Senator. Thank you for being a standout in the Senate.  We are behind you!
Love you and your books!
And to you sir! Happy New Year!

Double back to yu and all
Shanah Tovah Tika Tevu
And to you
L'Shana Tova Senator. May you be inscribed in the Book of Life for a healthy,prosperous and productive year. Baruch Hashem
La'Shana Tova to you and your family. Have a good and sweet new year! 
Will someone change that big giant Franken diaper
L' Shanah tovah!  
Shabbat Shuvah
Same to you!
Good yontif and keep up the great work!!
L'Shana Tova to you too!
To you & your's too #RoshHashanah
#RoshHashanah
L'Chaim, Senator!
And to you & yours! Thanks for all you do!
Shana Tovah!
To you as well Senator. You are a wonderful example of leadership in our country and it would be so much better with more like you
G_d is great.
Shanah Tovah! Wishing all who celebrate #RoshHashanah  a happy new year.
Same to you, honorable man.
Happy New Year to our brothers and sisters.
To you & yours in everlasting gratitude!
#RoshHashana5778
Can you come to my birthday party? I'm need someone to come over and lend some integrity to the damn thing
Shanah tovah to you, Senator.
Shana Tova!
Shanah tovah!
Ok I literally read passages of your book to strangers! WT uss!
And to you and yours, Senator!
L'shanah Tovah! 
The same to you, Senator.  And thank you for trying to keep them honest.
Same to you Al. שנה טובה ומתוקה
Same to you and your family.
Thank you Senator Franken! Shanah Tovah!
Franken2020... oops, that just slipped out!
Same to you
And to you as well
Sellout
Please, please, please run for President!
שנה טובה ומתוקה
Shana Tovah to you Senator Franken!
Many nachas, bubbe!
twelfth moon!
Shanah Tovah.
We should celebrate it w another huge bbq huh Al? I'll bring Italian food.

Nice...first thing in your life you have said I agree with.
how to #cure #diabetes
Zionism is a parasite and shouldn't thrive from power within the US.
Shanah Tovah to all.
Thank you, Senator Franken. Best wishes to you and your family for a happy, healthy and sweet New Year.  Thank you for all that you do.
To you and yours Senator, L'Shana Tova!
Thank you Sen. Franken
It'll be a happy new year if Obamacare is repealed & replaced
L'Shana Tova!
With thanks and to you and your family as well. Enhance the shelf life of integrity in this new year!
Heady
Thank you. Happy New Year to you and your family!
שנה טווה! חג שמח!
hope more support for Israel, not Palestinian terrorists. Next year embassy in Jerusalem, calling Obama betrayal as it deserved
Shana Tova to you as well, Senator!
amen you mench 
la shana tova
Thank you and Shanah Tovah to you too! Keep fightin' the good fight Senator!
Same to you!
Same to you and yours!
Wishing the same to you and your family!

You too!
Love you Al.- run in 2020
Shana Tova, @SenFranken!  Much love and joy to you and yours!
Happy and healthy new year to you to senator! Thank you!
Gut Yontiff to you too. Much thanks for all you do for your state and our nation.
Looking to #build a bespoke #wordpress #website? check now- https://goo.gl/Cx5S7n 

#webdesign #RoshHashanah #smallbiz #startup #success
L'shanah Tovah!
@lancegould not sure how I included you in the reply, but wishes for a good year for you! 
Shanah Tovah @SenFranken !
Shanah Tovah!
Thank you, Senator. Shana Tovah to you and your family as well.
Shana tova to you and your family.
Thank you!!! See it means something to me because you sir are sincere and honest. L'Shanah Tovah!
And to you!
Thank You. Shanah Torah, To You
Thanks for all you do.
Thank you! Happy New Year to you too! L'shana Tova

Its Michele again. Begging for money please help with my needs! Im trying... https://www.gofundme.com/looking-for-somewhere-to-live?pc=tw_mu …
Cute nickname!
Thank you, Senator! Shana Tovah to you as well. Hoping for Franken 2020!
That's kind but not at all possible for 2020 or ever.  Good ole Al has too many 'skeletons' in his closets that would destroy him.
Is there a candidate for public office who doesn’t? Or are you just reacting to his religion?
Yes. There are people of integrity in public office. That numbers decreasing but there are some. Al's practices can't be confused w religion
To you and your family as well.  Love seeing you Elizabeth Warren together.
@SenFranken how about a word from the left about Myanmar genocide. After all it is hillarys "good friend" Funny how it's crickets from left
http://shalomnyc.org/learning/want-to-know.html …

You too Senator! Keep fighting the good fight!
Happy new year Senator Franken!
Same to you Al!! Enjoy! Next week, as always it seems, will be a BUMPY RIDE.
Same to you Senator.
Will Trump mark the Jewish holidays?
To you and yours as well.
Shanah Tova to you and your family! 
May this year bring true lovingkindness to us ALL!

You, too, Senator!
Shanah Tovah!
Mr. Franken, I just want tell you how much I appreciate your compassionate, intelligent, and common-sense service to our country.
Amen!
To you too...but can only be "healthy" if Graham-Cassidy is defeated!
.@SenFranken On another note: WE ADORE YOU, your intelligence and your common sense.
Me, too!
שנה טובה darling Senator!
To you and your family from a supporter.
Best to you and yours.
