As suppose of stalling and voting against,arent the same Gop that obstruct Pres Obama pick for the supreme court seat 4 a year?
why are we so spinless or gutless to do the same? Our ex President had the const right as Our Pres to select,do the same.Oppose!

@margil9000 How about fighting by not voting to confirm any of Trump's cabinet nominees?  This is ridiculous that we have to ask
Why would @POTUS? That was President Obama who sold us out on the internet. @senfranken @annlewischicago
He did? Hmmm. #DementiaIguess
I'll find the article the I get a chance. ;)  @POTUS @SenFranken
When, you mean. There is no "if" with these cretins.
@2020fight u shld b opposing thm on EVERYTHING, as thr strategy is 2 have dems fight agnst 1 thing while sneaking WORSE thru!!
typical modern day Democrat socialist anti America, bring back real democrats, Kennedy's that work for Americans
@Peacepox I stand with you Senator Franken... You give us wise words and inspiration to never give up the cause for justice
If Trump goes after net neutrality I may have to learn how to code to fight back.  Keep up good work.
@mollybell5 Senator can you please get the democrats to speak out against the bull shit that republicans espouse? For
@stacie_matta It sounds great but u can't even stop Jeff Sessions so I'm thinking we r going to be sold out like usual
Another day, another corruption, but Trump is going to shake up this country!  For the worse....
@billprady Gather ye Dem Senators while ye may. Please, fight the good fight for all of us quaking in our shoes.
@mollybell5 8 yrs they told lie after lie at any podium was available, I think that had a lot to do with the lost overall.
Good but you should be fighting them every step of the way on everything. That is where we are at. This is a fascist.
RT@SenFranken If the Trump Admin. comes after net neutrality, I'll fight them every step of the way
Full statement: http://facebook.com/senatoralfrank …
Thank you as this must be fought all the way!
get your boxing gloves on. It sounds like @realDonaldTrump is going to take it on today.
Please sign/share my petition to protect net neutrality:
Sen Franken Why are Democrats in the senate and congress  voting with republicans to confirm this people?
Please stop voting for his cabinet nominees. Thanks @lmrazo22
Well, you certainly aren't fighting them on Cabinet nominees.
thank you
minority
would be nice if we could 25th Ammendment this dude before we lose complete world standing.
@TXStarLake Well right now we have more pressing battles:  Muslim ban, voter suppression, ACA, a Wall Americans will pay for 2x
ok. But there may be bigger fish to fry.
@CarmelJudeobsc1 
ANY VOTES W REPUGS
IS AGAINST AMERICA
Thank you!
Thank you for hard work. America deserves the ACA its working and its paid for. ACA needs to be inclusive for all.@CNN @nytimes
we r scared and worried for America. Please fight him and his cabinet picks
You know they are Senator!
please run in 2020.
Watch your back Al, some of the people I thought were Dem's are not.
@ucantstop_me you guys have to get a couple GOP sens on our side!!!
@pampaw327 He will try. Trump is a vengeful soul,and we've all made him angry. And there's the big scary world thing.
@mfore0142 Thank you, Sen. Franklin. Please convince others to do the same.
@debmatters As a matter of info, I can't see much that you shouldn't be fighting #DT tooth and nail about. Who will JOIN you?
@AlasscanIsBack Hey Al does anyone care about the folks that got clobbered in the south Seen 3 reports they asked trump no reply
Everyone needs to fight those gag orders too!
Thank god for you.  Fight trump on EVERYTHING.
Thank you!  As a parent of a disabled child, I hope you're also voting no to #DeVosconfirmation
I expect them to vote NO to every nomination. The R's obstructed for 8 years. Dems roll over, it infuriates me.
I complain to a person in charge when I see Fox News piped in to businesses, In TX that's most of them.
@Solutioneer72 We are right there with you!
Funny, he never mention this in campaign. @nadianboone @SenFranken @Solutioneer72 Extreme bait & switch!
Everyone should see John Oliver's take. #LastWeekTonight
We all will
gosh darn it we like you Al!
@effiedog it's going to take more than you... And the dems are Sickening at the moment.  Warren &  Brown are on the shit list
Respectfully, please ask Dem party to start fighting trump & minions every step of the way on more.
Please! Sir do something.R U Democrats afraid 2fight Bk?If I only could have half of Ur power.W'll S W is fighting 4 Ur Country
@HeyIrish why aren't you fighting EVERYTHING every single day?!?!?!? Seriously, I'll burn my voter card if Dems compromise.
Agreed! Are you paying attention @SenFranken? We The People voted for you and other Dems to represent US not roll-over! #Resist
@HeyIrish 
Thank You !!!!
thank you Senator Franken for a light in this godawful storm
Ajit Paint 's things net neutrality is dangerous WTF? Has got to be better than #GoebbelsinSkirtKAC #spicerbasketcase
@joan_moon Paint Net neutrality "dangerous " assault culture 1st amendment? Because free open to facts it's biased? #GOPwong
Al you need to tell your fellow democrats in DC it's time to stand up for us, if not our votes will talk.  #resist
what about the Muslim ban and wall? Gag rules? Come on fight!
Definitely with u!
Thank you Senator for all you are doing to help us. Keep up the good work.  We need you.
How about this total smoke screen. trump wont divest, will you vote to impeach? You know he's coming for net neutrality.
Can't u talk 2 ur republican colleagues & help them 2 see the danger t presents. Or is it that they know & just don't care?
We need more fighters here not capitulators
I wish you had more support from both Dems & Reps but it won't happen. Dem voters leaving your party slowly but surely.
please fight his unqualified cabinet nominations as well.
What about the rest of the shit he's common after. So far the perception is that Dems have just rolled over.
yes Ma senator is doing this as well thank you
Thank you Al!
Thank you. I thought no one noticed his FCC pick.
can you please take Trump to task for gag orders on @natlparkservice @usda and @epa? My America is a free America
Why didn't you fight to delay the inauguration?  Not one senator.
I hope so. I'm seeing all these "yes" voted for unqualified cabinet positions from people who should have our interest in mind
i'm busy preparing to liquidates my assets to leave the US.  The one many army of Franken ain't enough.
@nastybluewoman1 how about our healthcare, women's rights, constitutional rights? Are you going to fight for that too?????
They are coming after America from all sides - something must be done
Thank you Senator Franken.  Please oppose Betsy Devos.
GO. GET THEM WE Need YOUR HELP
how many policies can you pick to stop? Net neutrality, gutting of safety laws, voter suppression, con of interest on pipeline..
Thank you Senator You are one of the few I know the USA can count on to fight for Freedom
@neverquiet1 how about Medicare and social security
I agree there is so much going on right now. Medicare is so important as well.
DT already coming after NN w his nomination. Thank you Mr. Franken.  Never seen rep work so smart for the people! I am good enuf
We need you to fight him on everything senator. USA is at peril under this administration.
and they will so start planning your defenses! You're our only hope!
@leenie909  Thank you sir.
why aren't you taking his pen away? This ridiculous! He should be stopped!
...He said just before launching his campaign for POTUS #Franken2020 #AL2020
and u know they will.
Thank you,  Mr.  Franken!  We need you and others to fight with us!
thank you.  I am GOP- maybe ex soon-and this is all terrifying.  Thank you.
You can do it.  Your good enough, you're smart enough, and doggonit, people like you!!!
Trump is Putin's and Republicans puppet.
@Beauty3244 Start fighting him NOW!
I'm not feeling #TheResistance from @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats. @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi   @thenurse75
Language has been rewritten to include "electronic/digital" with regard to FOIA ~  net neutrality attacked = automatic violation
will trump bomb us
THANK U
.@SenFranken FYI: You should be fighting them on everything. @TheDemocrats #DemocraticNationalCommittee
@JosephPalermo1 If?
yes they already are - FCC stacked w/Trump tools
we need you to fight them on everything! Please get the Democrats together!!!
It's inevitable.
Al I'm afraid if you all don't fight like hell in DC & keep these cabinet picks out, we're going dictatorship!
You need to fight them every step of the way PERIOD! Not business as usual. IC agencies foreign & domestic know.   Its coup.
FIGHT! We're watching and waiting
Obi Wan Franken, you are our only hope!
Thank you for standing up for your constituents and American freedom! Plus, you inject some needed humor into this clusterf...
#SupportWorkdayMarch 

Disrupt the Workforce Day! Plz endorse peaceful workday marches on City halls & State Capitals
@sandyhanes1 Paying attention DICTATORSHIP 101 ON FULL DISPLAY THE FREAK IS GOING AFTER OUR CONSTITUTION #TheResistance is real
.@SenFranken Thank you, Senator.
You're gonna have to go after Ted Cruz. That's his signature contribution towards Making America Idiotic Again.  @Leta_says
@montetjwitter11 thank you Senator Franken
they have already hacked and blocked the Burrard Street Journal satire site on FB!
please sir for the love of god start impeachment proceedings against @POTUS
You're my hero, Al!!! #resist
Add me as a volunteer - I'll do whatever I can
@RemiPerry Thank you!
@roxaneschmidt Sen Franken you damn well better that's why you were elected. Talk to other Senators to safe guard net neutrality
he needs to be treated like s child when he acts like one
rally people to slow down all this hate.trump will destroy everything.no water no life.has to be stopped
@SenateDems Given Trump's gag orders on federal agencies, how can you vote for any of his nominees? Spines!
Thank you!
That’s my senator! Thanks @SenFranken for defending #netneutrality — protecting small business and vulnerable communities.
Please fight him every step of the way Anyway! #NoDamnWall #NotMyPresident
If we stop #Fake45, then the need to fight him goes away!  #ImpeachNOW
@inkedtater Huzzah!!!!!!
@JamesIsaak2 thank you.
DeVos goal is destruction of free curriculum, replaced with non-dogmatic principles.  Ask about Common Core!  To control kids
and you will lose mr irrelevant
please keep being vocal and don't back down...America needs your voice.
Thank you, Senator Frankenstein!
would love to believe you Al. just can't based on your recent votes on #unpotus nominees #theResistance
How about we get him out of there before it's too late ?huh?
Why isn't Congress screaming about what is happening in this country or about his lies! How far do you let him go! OMG!
@RachelAzzara 
Thank you! 
@RachelAzzara please fight against price.
@MrJamesonNeat What about all of these EOs???? This is bullshit!  We're living in a nightmare.
YES, please! The 'Net was created on our taxpayer funded DARPA network. It's a public utility for ALL equally.
Oh, they're coming. No doubt about it. :(  Thank you Senator.
they certainly will come after it he just put a gag on the #EPA
Thank you, sir!
MORE democratic congressional members like you & Maxine MUST speak out STRONGLY everyday.  REPUBLICANS DO!
Good luck with that, Al.  I'm sure that you'll be exactly as effective as them dems have been so far.  Like not at all.  #weak
Run in 2028, and you'll have 3 votes in this house.
http://www.donaldshowusyourtaxes.com    Senator, we are frightened.
So will we. #ThePeopleUnited
If the Trump Administration comes after net neutrality, I will fight them every step of the way. Full statement: https://www.facebook.com/senatoralfranken/posts/1237539246331955 …
Thank you Senator Franken
Thank you, Senator for fighting for our ability to share and access factual information.
Thank you for your service, Senator. I appreciate your work in Washington.
@macmommamary and people wondered why we are terrified. We are looking at a dictator in action
Thanks Mr. Franken. This is incredibly important not just for media content providers but also information and news providers.
I'm with you Al.
It won't matter because your know-nothing colleagues across the aisle will rubber stamp whatever legislation Comcast provides.
@luvman33wife All you have to do is think as Donald Trump as Big Brother in 1984. We will win
We know you will, Sen. Franken. Thanks and be careful.
fight Senator!
#Franken2020 @SenFranken @CKscullycat
Thank you.
Thank you.
THANK YOU
this president (?) needs to be committed 
thank you @SenFranken for your leadership on this and so many other important issues!!!
You know they're going to. Billionaires in the pockets of Billionaires and the Joe the Plumbers of the US don't matter anymore.
thank you!
when you say "if", it's actually a when...
I hope you fight harder than Warren and Brown
@lehimesa They're here to subvert democracy. Fight them tooth and nail on everything.
Thank you.
he'll also have to deal with the pitchfork armada from the bowels of the Internet... i.e. Reddit, etc. we got your back!
@FrancineClay STOP #TomPrice! He must NOT be confirmed
Thank you Senator!
Al, if democratic congressmen don't stop trump/cronies & republican sen/reps now, the American people will take up arms! #WAR
If someone doesn't do something to stop this crazy person, if not already too late, we are screwed big time. Oligarchy and coup
they are coming for everything that makes our republic great. Fight them now, fight them everywhere, fight them till victory.
Thank you for supporting net neutrality, that what makes the internet great.
@artist4ever We needs this to be an All hands on deck commitment from Democrats, Independents and those with a soul
can you get someone to investigate Bannon and his psychological strategies
@tmaples390 cool. Didn't say that when Obama was coming after if
i did
thank you
Ready to help you Sir!
Yippie!
.@SenFranken Thank you. Now please do exactly the same as they come after Science, the Climate, and our entire Planet.
Thank you!!
Get ready to fight Senator. It's about to go down.
Thank you for all you do! MSM says you're one of the only Senator's challenging these UNQUALIFIED picks! #DumpDevos
Thank you, Al!
good but right now I am concerned with a fight over SCOTUS appointment
Oh crap. Did you get to see Wednesday's agenda for executive orders or something?
Thank you AF for your work. U and other Dems need to respond to your tweeps. What can we do to help.
@artist4ever   Thank you
@bannerite Thanke, no net neutrality.
