I hope you’ll watch this video to hear how the GOP bill would hurt Minnesotans who shared their stories with me. Minnesotans like Brandon:
We need to hear and listen to people like Sandy. We can win this fight, but only if Americans speak out. It makes a huge difference.
You need to shut up and listen period
If you care about health care let's hear your story please
Why? They are ALL CORRUPT and are trying to kill us!
I have had MS for at least 25 years now. Though it progressed the first three years, disease-modifying drugs stopped progression...
Let Obama care fizzle out and then ..Give us the exact same h/c that Congress gets. Or give Congress the same h/c they give to us!
This guy is a bafoon. He created the problem voted for the failed Obamacare and has no viable solutions to fix it.
Mine is about how Obama/Demcare has ruined many lives by its high costs & poor coverages.   Do you care?  #hypocrite
beware Cruz "compromise" everyone #HealthcareBill
#Dems haven't a clue what's in the bill, they don't help negotiate the bill. Yet, they reserve the right to their standard "sky is falling."
No health ins since 2012... by choice. Hospitals gouge us behind the insurance smokescreen. I've got your story, Senator. #AmericaSpeaksOut
Loved you as a comedian/pundit on Air America, Despise you as a corrupt US Politician who looked at caucus, fliped off Minn & voted Clinton!
I want to share my story http://Www.SilviaYoung.com  
#preexistingconditions #womenshealth #womensrights #ReproRights
Go back to sleep Al
Caveat emptor: "Health insurance" that ISN'T: http://www.consumerreports.org/cro/magazine/2012/03/junk-health-insurance/index.htm … There MUST be policy-quality regulations!
I have a different question:  WHAT will I be covered for in this bill?
My story is I live in Minnesta with two leftists in the US Senate.  HELP!!!
Please mr. Franken consider running in 2020 please.
Al franken democrats passed Obamacare knowing that the Cbo Score was fake.. program cannot pay its bills. So carriers and doctors leave.
Original idea much? Are you just asking for the free side of obummercare stories, they are the only ones that fit you narrative
Here is my story! I can't afford to pay 2,000 a month and have a 9k deductable. That's what I currently would have to pay under Obama care!
How about this one. Premium and Deductible cost me 19,000 per year. I can't afford it
I'm sure it's hard for the wealthy to have a serious illness. However, the worst part of my breast cancer was the uncertainty of the costs.
You matter.
.. you're in a http://bubble.You  feel alone.But when you have The care you need,you're less alone.Our Gov't cares. It matters.
I pay taxes.I'd more if I could help another to have the healthcare help I received. When you're sick nothing else matters. You're in pain..
.. so I could work,so I can have a child, have a life. Here in my 50s in and out of hospitals I could not survive without gov't healthcare.
Gov't healthcare supported me during my disability. 1971 age 10 in a wheelchair. 1981 Medicare paid for my surgeries so I could walk..
It's ok I heard the GOP called Hillary 
As we fight to save our healthcare-which is soooo very important-I am even more concerned about the hacking attempts of our nuclear plants
I find it interesting that you don't speak out on the failing Obamacare.  You can only tear down other opinions with offering your own
Again, I want to hear your solution to failing Obamacare. Blasting the GOP bill is not a solution.
My story: my premiums increased by 70% under the ACA.  With my high deductible plan and premiums, I would spend $10(k) before insurance.
Thank you @SenFranken
My uncle would have maxed out very quickly, had awesome insurance through company- but if capped no way for treatment!
And vote!!
Thank you Sen. Franken.  Btw I just finished your latest book and enjoyed it very much
Yeah, make up a bunch of stories and send them to Uncle Al for bedtime reading.
Speaking of which: https://goo.gl/JyRL4g 
It is as long as people like your self and more importantly the GOP listen
You want Obamacare?  What did we have before Obamacare?  Conservatives say it resulted in unaffordable premiums.
share how much ACA is failing good job
just another crazy libby loon on the loose! N why did you refuse bama care you smuck! If so great!
With due respect, how about Dem Senators shutting down the Senate, blocking Mitch's office, role modeling some ACTION instead of just words
How about you quit fighting the GOP on healthcare and start working with them to come up with the best possible healthcare! #MAGA
ONLY 130 Euro's in The Netherlands
What a pleasure it is to listen to a sanity Comming from the mouth of a politician,Any chance of a Run 4 POTUS we R sure YOUR  QUALIFIED
I applied on marketplace today (qualifying life event) & can't get an affordable plan. We need to add a public option at least (if not SP)!
GOP plans are all 100x worse, but Dems need concrete plan to improve ACA
Imagine would be so much worse!
Perhaps GOP SNL-watchers of a generation who recall "The Relapse Guy," Chris Farley, will understand cutting funding for treatment can kill.
Your good enough. Your smart enough. But people still don't like you.
We love you @SenFranken POTUS 2020?
I don't have a story yet. I'm lucky & have insurance at work but will retire in the next 5-10 years in which case, w/Trump, I'll be screwed
I just heard someone met recently has stage 4 cancer and without ACA she won't have treatment. 1/10
2/10: Right now she can't move to be with family because she will lose heath care she gets from the state of residence.
I have story's but they are about the people who love Tdump and won't open their eyes to see that they will be screwed if this bill passes
Thanks for working on behalf of ALL Americans!
U don't care about our story. Our premiums are up so much and with high deductibles we can't afford the checkups we need. #AmericaSpeaksOut
Please share the stories of 100s of people worried about the GOP healthcare bill.

We all deserve #FreedomOfHealth
ALL DAY MONDAY 7/3 #TwitterTownHall

HASHTAGS- #FreedomOfHealth & #RightToCare…
Please TAKE ACTION because all of the stories clearly DO NOT MATTER. Why have all of the special investigations? Tired of chat, RESULTS!
*clicks share story*
Are the democrats coming up with an alternative healthcare plan? Work on  AHC but be proactive.
Meanwhile @SenToomey is having town halls with 8 people he hand-picked!  Give me a break!
I had good health care and then the ACA jacked my deductible up by a factor of 4. is that the kind of story you wanted? #singlepayer
And will we all get blacklung and we will not have a hospital to go to. And no healthcare! Western PA problems are real!
We've been lucky - we always had insurance.  But I know DOZENS of people who free lance and only could afford insurance after the #ACA
County's #1employer=sole hosp.ER becomes primary care it will  bankrupt. What will happen to my county. Will we all work in coal mines?
I am concerned for those on medicare.No cost of living increase for 2 years,increase in deductible this year, some$45.What?This is a
shame!
If Congress hadn't robbed social security to pay other programs, people receiving Social Security/Medicare might have an easier time.
Riiiiight! I think that was the great gopers!!!
I'm retired and 63 and without the ACA my wife and I wouldn't have healthcare we could afford. #AmericaSpeaksOut
My only friend Dante put Arby's Horsey Sauce in his peenhole and was able to get treatment thanks to the ACA!
Lol
Come meet my 105 year old grandfather on nevada. 3 feeding tube surgeries since December
