Yesterday, my staff attended a community mental health task force meeting in Virginia to discuss mental health services on the Iron Range.
Someone needs to explain to #POTUS that it's more important4 ppl to have access to mental health than for them to have access to guns
And this president should be partaking in those mental health services.
So many more of us need it after this nightmare of a Presidency.
Yes in particular POTUS. THIS GUY HAS DEMENTIA SO BAD.  TO NOT GIVE THE CARE TO PR. IS SICK HIS GRADE FOR PR US F.F.F.  FAILED 

M
America needs to start taking mental health seriously. Until then we are victims
And who will do pay for this?
Starting at the top.
True....and U should be in treatment ASAP
Can we start with Potus?
They do not .
1/#MentalHealthCare is dually as important as its physical counterpart. I can testify to the confluence of both #physical & #MentalIllness
2/The #EHB coverages afforded by #ACA protect modalities that run hand in hand. Allowances for mental health treatment, esp during & after
3/severe illness, are ESSENTIAL! Availability & accessability for services to heal illness as a whole is the essence behind the EHBS.
4/Mental illness has physical implications that can not be denied. Access to mental healthcare  is so very important!
5/ I applaud all who fight for the RIGHT to mental healthcare as much as the RIGHT to have a broken bone set. 
Agreed, but we are very far from that ideal.  They do a much better job in the UK, why is it so impossible here?
But the ultra-wealthy need the money very very badly . . . let the mentally ill eat cake
Especially during this administration
Greg Bucher art
Does any actually disagree with this stance? Or are you being dramatic???
Sad that's even open for debate, Senator.
And Donald Trump needs an army of mental health services.
Please don't stop fighting the fight. I fought mental illness my whole life and was only able to get decent care in a few places.
Any American that is not alarmed is a fool or complicit
Senator Franken. Please ask your self why certain key republican senators & representatives are not alarmed by Russian interference.
... even @POTUS
Ding Dong! Well said Senator! Thank you for sharing such an important thought!
And mentally ill people shouldn't have easier access to firearms.
At this point, no signs show the Las Vegas shooter was mentally ill.  But yes.
I'm fighting this battle now. Every day.
Let’s start with 45 #25thamendment
Starting with TRUMP and his lineage!

Absolutely.
#AllensHope

Mental illness is covered in THEIR health insurance.
Let’s start with 45.
Trump does for sure. The gunman, we don't know the full story yet.
Amazing the Republicans say we have a right to own a gun but not for health care, mental health care or clean water.
...and if they can't get access to health care services then they absolutely need to be able to buy a gun. Such. Republican. Nonsense. sigh.
Absolutely! When will we come to understand that mental illness is a disease like any other? We wouldn’t ignore a heart issue, nor should we turn away from addressing mental health. Thank you, @SenFranken!
Especially our president.  He REALLY, REALLY needs mental health services.
I miss Senator Wellstone to this day. The two of you serving side-by-side in the Senate would have made an unstoppable team.
Thank you. Franken 2020
Remember: We have a FIRST AMENDMENT right to LIFE. Initiate MASSACRE PREVENTION Leg. through ASSAULT WEAPONS BAN
Is somebody trying to ban mental health services, Al?
Including #Vietnam #DraftDodger so-called @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @GOP @DNC
I love the work you are doing and I am reading your book (Giant of the Senate).  Love that you ran because of Paul Wellstone.
Yes.  And we must extend that access to the president.  Believing something doesn't make it fact.   Even if you are #Trump .
you need a lot since you were part of #pizzagate eh? hope you get the help you need
Including 45
11:26pmct. WIN or Go Home @Twins ;  @MLB AL Wild Card Game @Twins 4 vs @Yankees 8 , @SenFranken ,Looking ahead to 2018☻
All Americans should have healthcare coverage regardless of income.
I agree, starting with Pelosi, then Schumer, Clinton and you can even wear your diaper there too!
First! Take away automatic weapons! #GunControlNow
Let's start with the criminally insane: trump first.
LOL.........Good one!!!  Yes, they should!
On mental health, this shooter had something happen either he had a brain tumor or he had something to push him this way. Gambling loss? Sad
Franken 2020.
As a mental health provider, in the last two decades my income has decreased by half. The greed in this country is destroying us, wake up!
Senator, you're pitching it too easily: starting with POTUS?
I will pay for Trumps appointment!
For all those Republicans who are saying now is not the time, but we'll discuss LATER.
#PickADate  Time has run out.
Can you get some mental health help for #DonTheCon ?
Especially our POTUS. Could someone please arrange a referral?
Including the President........
Ahem.....
If Rohrabacher wasn't a Congressman, he would probably be under FISA surveillance as a suspected foreign agent. https://twitter.com/MiriamElder/status/915309576567836672 …
So we need you to say that single payer is more than “inspirational” but a cost effective and efficient way to provide all aspects if HC
I have never understood why I have to money first to get access to care for my bipolar disorder, crisis and being broke come together
The @GOP want to take away Mental Health Services.
Especially #POTUS !
I say we get POTUS lots of mental health help. 1st req - straight jacket, paddy wagon, padded cell.
Including Trumpy who clearly needs mental health services!
Could you please make appointment for all the members of the GOP, NOW! They need serious mental health help.
Especially while dt is around! I think most ppl in America these days have 
dt PTSD!
Loved Senator Wellstone. Thank you Senator for your wise guidance and support of our Veterans. Missing Luis Montalvan always.
Do you need any help on your next re-election campaign from an Iowan who wishes you were her Senator? That would be me!
Beause you are awesome @SenFranken. We need more like you.
Post Vegas GOP: "It's not a gun problem, it's a mental health problem." >> Propose another Repeal & Disgrace bill with cuts to mental health services. >> Rinse. Repeat at next massacre.
AL Franken for President, 2020!
Why not! Al Franken is one of the most intelligent politicians in the Senate!
Starting at the top
I think Donald Trump could benefit from said services, Senator.
Including @realDonaldTrump bc his statements/actions clearly show signs of needing mental health help.
Al, you meant the President, too, right?
If we did my sister would probably be alive today instead of a victim of matricide.
POTUS has that access - right? Please say Yes.
PLEASE help donnie
Including the so called president. Especially him.
My bf said "all politicians are shit.. " I said "what about @SenFranken?" He says "ya got me, there. He's a funny mother f*cker"  
Gottem
He was right with, "We all do better when we ALL do better."
Thanks for carrying his & Sheila's legacy forward Al!
Of course, trump should have access to the Extra Large mental health care services.
Especially President Trump. Mental health services should be mandatory for him.
But not all Americans should have access to Machine Guns.
Al Frankin for president!
Just today I read your chapter on Sen. Wellstone. The job you are doing follows in his footsteps & would make him proud. Keep fighting.
They (Reagan?) shut down all of the states' mental hospitals and they were set loose on the streets.maybe we should look into reopening them
Including trump.
I believe all Americans deserve equal health care.
Hope that includes Trump, as he needs it biggly.
Start with your colleagues.
And our President needs to be first in line.
I miss him
Infortunately #trump doesn't seem to be getting the mental help he so desperately needs #trumpisunfit #trumpismentallyill #25thAmendmentNow
Please get Trump some!
@SenFranken it needs to start in our schools where it is way underfunded and way under prioritized and stigmatized. Stop the cycle.
Does that include 45?
Yeah, I agree but let’s not shift focus from #GunControlNow
Love the brave #LVMPD bt do not like the grand standing Sheriff
Trump is mentally ill.  How about we start there
Can we make animal cruelty a federal felony and start tracking potential sociopaths?
So fix our Health Care laws. Give we the people what is best for our wellbeing. Congressional Health Care Plan
Do you think Stephen Paddock would have ever gone for mental health counseling? How does it work if someone doesn't want it?
@SenFranken ie Stuart Smalley is trying to sway away from the left wing Antifa democrat animal Paddock was! It will come out cannot hide it!

Karma comes for all of us. No one escapes it
True November 8, 2016
What goes around will come back around for you too
I followed his efforts to better mental health  coverage by insurers. It broke my heart the day he died because it seemed to put out that torch.
It was one of Paul's passions Al.
Work on stopping the silencer bill then
More money needs to be allocated to help people with mental illness! The brain is an organ-just like a heart-and it can be damaged. Learn!
"access" 
Mental Illnesses should be taken as seriously as a cancer illness. As Americans we need not to put labels on these illnesses...
With NO access to guns...
Let's start with POTUS
It should be mandatory when needed!
Your are so right about that,look what just happened Las Vegas!!
Yeh! It would help 4 hurricane/tornado victims 2 have water/food/beds,etc. rather than a president telling PRico they don't need flashlites.
Now more than ever!
Especially our president apparently!
Everytime gun control is mentioned gop says  we need mental health care for all. But unless we have Universal Health Care, it wont happen
...@SenFranken  POTUS in 2020 perhaps?
How about mental health services for Trump, the base who supports him & the GOP that enables him. All Russia $ lovers - traitors of America
You need to order up some of that for 45!
Starting with the President
DJT should take advantage of his gov mental health care services.
Trump included???
Mental health s/b  "as any other illness"-not subjected to limits & accessible for all who want. Waiting lists/services are too too long
We could start with  #45. He needs a lot of mental health treatment.
Including D. Trump?
Sigh Trump up please
Including the President.
Agreed, but that's only part of the problem Senator.
Love you Al, keep fighting the good fight. Most of we Minnesotan are right behind you. The others? SMDH, deplorable.
@SpeakerRyan @LindseyGrahamSC oh hey wonder if free mental *healthcare* access would work better than free gun access? is that pro-life?
Would save a lot of lives.
Is that hard to find a living Senator to agree with that you have to quote one that has passed on?
Agree.  So let's cut healthcare and government programs people depend on.  Thanks for taking care of us Al.
Like my friend, the late Sen Paul Wellstone, I believe that all Americans should have access to the politicized funeral services they need.
https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/senate-bill/1879 …
As a conservative I agree with you on this.
How about all NRA legislation be intertwined with healthcare? Oh you want to not ban that? Healthcare universal to pay for gun injuries.
Then help us!
To the *health* services, mental or otherwise.
Already burning fire! The drugs are the biggest problem in American health systems!!!
My younger sister is bipolar w/ personality disorder. w/o affordable access to her Drs & her meds, she’d be dead now! Horrible disorders!!
Dr Phil is not one of the sources.
3: ...have to undergo MH Eval he would FAIL... This all could have been caught 2 years ago!! Why don't you work on that New Bill??
2: ....astronauts! Why aren't presidential candidates held to the same? US wouldn't be going through what we are right now If Trump wld...
"Mental health" is important! Problem is, all they do is load someone up on psychiatric drugs and send them out the door! Pouring gas on a -
How long before Trump gets professional help? 

#25thAmendmentNow
1: "Potential astronauts have to undergo a psychological evaluation to weed out people with mental disorders from the pool of potential...
Start with the @potus
I still miss Senator Wellstone after all these years.
Too bad #Reagan opened the doors of the mental institutions and made #MentalIllness a #Homeless disease.  We need more accessibility.
As a psycho!ogist in Pa I say..thank you!
Amen!
POTUS needs it now. 
Have you seen him throwing paper towels at Puerto ricans?
Especially the Dotard that occupies the White House!
You talking about trump?

Mental health is great but control over the types of weapons used in Vegas is more important
Is Donald Trump included?
Let’s start with the moron in the Oval Office
I agree Al, I believe you should seek treatments immediately, we have always recognized that you are seriously disturbed, I wish U the best
I know a PRESIDENT that needs some. A lot, lifetime membership.
And that especially includes @realDonaldTrump. Lordy, I wish he'd get the help he needs!
Do your job Senator.  What about banning guns, or fixing the ACA, or women's rights?  The removal of the President...anything Al?
I want that too, but rephrase the word “access.” That’s the term GOP fed us for medical care.
Russian Troll alert
You're nuts if you think republicans will go there.  (Sorry)
With all the budget cuts, these services will be first to go and mass shootings will > Who will die next?
It is time to #GetWokeOrDie
And some Americans should be forced into receiving the mental health care they need!
Our "President" needs them more than most
Trump should be first in line
America where people suffering from frightening hallucinations and psychotic delusions of serious mental illnesses have right to bear arms!?
Homelessness is funded by lack of mental health care. Gun violence&vehicular violence, as well. We need to overcome fear of mental illness.
AND not face stigma or revocation of rights for accessing such services!
Mental health = health. We should have access to the health services we need, all of them.
Then you know starting as childrenwe all must have the very best Health Care. CORRECT?
thats true but won't stop some from easily picking up a gun and taking out their issues on innocent people, we need your leadership.
Well, Trump damn sure needs it Al.
