Speaking of Sessions... YOU ANNIHILATED HIM!
He almost cried.
I saw that! 
I think Elfin Sessions actually said at one point 'It's not FAIR!'
If he was standing he'd have stamped his foot. Maybe he did.
his little foot with the wooden shoe.
OMG Julia Senator Whitehouse is back! No time for chitchat.
@SenFranken - our future POTUS - sorry to spam all over your post.
Mimosas all around?
I can't tell if Minnesotans are stupid and gullible or your just that good of a salesman.  
 
Senator Stuart Smalley...Only in America!
I am thankful to you for speaking in defense of #LGBTQ people. It makes me cry that people want to discriminate against us.
It makes me cry.

Thank you Sen. Franken for all you do. Am proud you are my Senator. Loved what you did in Sessions hearing today. Keep up the great work.
Politics is not your strong suit, maybe you should try selling used cars.
You are very fortunate to have Sen. Franken. He clearly is your advocate despite your lack of appreciation.
Thank YOU. 
You were magnificent today w/Sessions. They can stand you up at the gates of hell but you won't back down. You belong in the WH.
Thank YOU for being a great senator.
Love you, Al.   Love hearing about your questioning of Sessions.  Way to go.  Keep up the very good work.  God bless you.
And I’ll bet the taxpayers are stuck with the bill
Senator, you’ve been inspiring me since I was a kiddo. You are such a warm and wise man. I hope I have the chance to meet you one day.
You say that as though there’s something wrong with funny people who bring joy to others & then dedicate their lives to public service.
Wow huge crowd. And they got to sit down. Love the breakfast and coffee.
You were  the biggest baby today, how about asking a question instead of telling a story. If he had a meaningful convo he might remember
I might just move to Minnesota so I can join your breakfast club!!  Thank you for all you do.
You are a tremendous person and a great leader here in Minnesota and  the entire US!  Between you and Amy in the Senate you make us proud!
Yuck
Good job on the Judicial Oversight Committee today. Thank you.
Shall we discuss your collision with Putin? Obviously most Americans don't know your involvement,  RIGHT TRAITOR.
That breakfast proves you have been colluding with the Russians.  Don't throw stones,  when yourself has been cozier with Russia than Trump.
Enjoying your “Giant” book and today’s session with Sessions
#FrankenWarren2020
Wish all legislators did this.
Thanks for that session with sessions
How nice of you to do this. I am sure they fine this so helpful in understanding what is going on and they become better informed.
Thank you, Senator, just for being you!
Makes me want to move to Minnesota. I get stuck having coffee with Cornyn and Cruz.
You are a complete embarrassment to this country please resign.
Can I be a Minnesotan please?
You made a total fool out of yourself!  All you were doing was grandstanding and sane people see right through it!
Makes me want to be a Minnesotan.
Way to go on Sessions!
Felt proud to be a native Minnesotan today, Senator!
Well, I do all days...most days.
Great job today! Sessions lied plain and simple.
Well then we should see some perjury charges won't we.
If not will you delete your account? 
If he is charged, I will.
U got him u flapped that little fuckers ears love it
Sheep to slaughter
If I’m in town, how do I get the opportunity to attend?
Minnesota Senators Franken and Klobuchar are the greatest!
You rock!! What a welcoming gesture. I’m leaving Florida and moving to Minnesota.
What did you feed them.. a bowl of #LIES like you pushed today w/attack on Sessions? There's NO Trump/Russia. It's Clinton/Russia, you liar!
Do they tell you that you and your fellow democrats are not doing your jobs!!! You will be voted out!
Hey @SenFranken ...that thing you're holding in your hands is your ass.  It was just handed to you by @USAGSessions
he wasn't fired for closing case,it was for "the awful way he spoke out of turn abt HRC, " - until the truth that it was bc of Rus came out.
I wish so much that could meet you and shake your hand, Sir! Great work at all you do!
You're pathetic, hope you fed your fellow Democrats the load on your diaper for breakfast. So you'd all be literally full of shit.
I'm from California.  Can I attend sometime?
Hope y’all are discussing Equifax.
I'd vote for you if you ran for president - I'd even donate.  I appreciate your grilling of evasive, lying Sessions!

Should you be on twitter during a Committee hearing?
You're an embarrassment to Minnesota & America.
Can’t wait till you take Back America as President in 2020 ... God Speed @washingtonpost @nytimes
Gregg Jarrett: Mueller and Rosenstein Hid Clinton-Russia Bribery Scandal From Congress- They all knew.
Keep talking to the people! That's what we need more of!
We are hoping u can make the case to #FireSessions, Al. Pin him down on his perjury - don't let him wiggle out
Jesus it's painful right now listening to you try to ask a question to Jeff Sessions. Spit it out!! Go back to comedy
Please run for president.
work that room Al - you KNOW who to look for
Your Al needs to go back into comedy and work that room.
NO he won't because the Trump/Russia #LIE he's pushing is their way of covering that up.  Even tho there's actual evidence for those crimes.
The Senate was in Sessions alright ... way to go Senator.
