3) My mssg to AttyGen Sessions: Approps & Judiciary have oversight of DOJ. You need to testify before both in public. You can't run forever.
Time for the ATG Sessions to investigate ALL the Dems and Libs for ALL their corruption, because God knows there would be a lot to find out.
How much more do we need to tolerate? You guys are amazing! Attack like the Republicans do! Once and for all!
Sorry Al you know the saying "he can run , but he can't hide" #Sessions @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @GOP #TheResistance @maddow
When will you start explaining all the lies about Russian collusion? Your party is built on deception!
Yeah all yr president says is believe me lol that means he's lying!
As far as I can tell, he's the only one telling the truth. Fact is that all of his Dem accusers are lying through through their teeth.
He's the president n lies threw his teeth-he promised to show taxes, Obama wasn't born here, he bugged trump tower,lies
He did bug Trump tower. We know that. In fact, he illegally spied on majority of Americans. Trump was telling the truth.
His tax returns so far prove that he's paid much more in taxes than his liberal critics. And no laws were broken. Deal with it. Liberal lies
He hasn't shown his taxes ! That's what people want to see. He's being sued for taking money from foreign govt. lawyers r gonna ask for!
Talk to Rachel Maddow. She committed career suicide showing off Trump’s returns.
This is such BS. Jeff I hope and pray you have the authority to stop this witch hunt. Liberals had 8 years, what a mess they made. Our time
Where is your outrage over Comey being a leaker? Lynch ordering him to downplay investigation?
Good Ol' Boy Sessions won't testify where he can be publically viewed – He’ll hide in closed session, where his lies will not be contested.
He has already lied and committed perjury under oath at his confirmation hearing. Why was he not punished? @alfranken
He hasn't outlived his usefulness. Remember the GOP mantra of "The Ends Justify The Means".
Can Al Franken question him?  Would love to see that. Sen Franken is very respected and got Sessions to shit his pants and say "no Russians"
The Attorney General needs to resign immediately! And you Democrats put on a pair! Ask him to resign! This is unacceptable!
Psst. They're not called Explanations, when they consist of nothing but lies. The poor thing gets anxiety trying to keep up w/ all the lies.
@SenFranken a failed comic and failed senator. We see thru what you and a Dems are trying to do. Elections have consequences
I don't understand why he is still the AJ! Didn't he purger himself during his conformation? I
He did great. You're an ass.
i hope he doesn't use presidential privilege cope out!
We hope you keep Jeff Sessions feet to the fire & call out his lies. So please do not be reluctant to call him a liar when he lies.
After the last 8 yrs I know it's hard for you to recognize an honest, principled AG, .@SenFranken .@SenatorLeahy, so go slowly and catch up.
Yes demand Sessions the American people deserve a public explanation of his involvement with Putin.
And we DEMAND it! Now! Too many secrets that are too important to all Americans! And thanks Al. 
Please include people like Dmitri Simes of the National Interest  in questioning Sessions about Russian connections. They represent Russian
interests and are part of the conspiracy. They help hid contact.
One could meet privately negotiating with an intermediate like Simes, and then have a cocktail and a wink and nod with the Ambassador.
It turns a social interaction into a meeting. (Which is what the Mayflower was really about, not a social event)
Lmao when did we start calling Lies Explanations? So you want him to lie about the lies, that he lied about, when he lied, about the lies?
No matter how difficult you must tell the truth! You must take the moral high ground. The American people deserve at least that from you!
you owe the american pubic a resignation
Hopefully we can stop the Trump madness soon! Our country is under siege by a madman. GOP wake up before its too late.
you should go back to comedy! You're funny!
I think before you ask JS or PT you need to put Hillary, Obama, Reed, Pelosi under oath just to name a few and question their actions.l
Sessions said he could not invoke executive privilege, when asked if he would answer in closed session, he said no cuz executive privilege.
The battle begins.
He needs to decide wether he wants to be remember as a #JohnDean or one of #Nixon's disgraced Flunky's
Not goin to happen and you know it
Sessions isn't hiding. He's about to destroy Comey, the Democrats, and the media. This week's theme is "The Death of the Democratic Party."
U.S. Code § 1621: " ... is guilty of perjury and shall ... be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than five years, or both."
Yes you do
Also @SenFranken big ups ur the man !!
Not only dose he owe it.. the ppl will never fully trust the out come unless we have 100% transparency #OpenSession
Paradoxically, they model that rule of law is diluted. 

Yet, when people of color similarly scoff at the law, they will NOT get away w it.
Agree. And thank you for saying so.
Thank you @SenFranken !
Ahhh shut up!! You need to explain why you are destroying Minnesota
Well Senator either you Dems shut down all Senate biz until he does or we start a revolution- what's it gonna be? #sickofthe#JUSTDOITALREADY
Coretta Scott King warned the US about Jeff Sessions a long time ago.
Yes.  Make him do so.
hey Jeffy better eat your wheaties..!?

Every last one if those lying, coniving thieves OWE the American people the truth! Then those who broke the laws go to jail!
Martha Stewart did time for less 
This must be an open hearing. The American people have the right to hear what he has to say.
Sessions is so short he could run and hide behind a chair.
Time for true justice! If Sessions had any Sack he wouldn't be scared to explain how b public!!!
Why?
No Al, B.O.admin/Lynch need to be subpoenaed & explain why Comey was ordered misrepresent the Clinton Espionage investigation properly?
Under oath.
Sessions has lied before under Oath as well as T 30 times under Oath in a busineses lawsuit
So cool! Time to pay the piper, Bouregard. We'd really like you to sing like a yellow canary? K?
I have little faith that Sessions will tell the truth under oath.
Time to  him
Here, Here!
yeah, and lets see when 45 testifies. that will be a joke to begin with, but he'll probably be a no show, implementing his best healthcare
& THAT MEANS.?.VP PENCE.. ALONG W/DONALD TRUMP..are HYPOCRITES & LIARS! THE TRUTH IS NOT IN EITHER OF THESE MEN. LIE UNDER OATH?  NO DOUBT!
Jeff Sessions is a rock star. Follows the Constitution and wants Americans to be safe. @potus is lucky to have him.
Im sure that means up to and including lying under oath. Any contradicting COMEY I truly believe will be Lying.. under oath or not.
SESSIONS HAS already  lied under oath. HE HAS AT LEAST TWICE BEFORE..he will again. Those around trump have had to swear loyalty to him..
Run for president please.
No Sessions needs to resign enough of the bullshit, no passed, he should have never been called confined period he must go#theresistance
And to Stuart Smalley, could help him with his internal struggles.
Someone should ask him if he pledged loyalty to Trump.He wont tell the truth,but the q should be asked anyway. Lordy I hope there are tapes.
I must say it is truly great that thru social media we are able to know how WH. senate & house are in motion a lot
No he owes us his removal of office at the Very Least!
We must DEMAND this.
R's would be removing sum1 for lying under oath. D's are just looking 4 their explanations. Why R's agenda keeps moving forward and D's lose
President Franken. We need someone of your caliber. I cant talk politics to anyone. Everyone is stressed and sad.
Remember this https://twitter.com/corrynmb/status/873693721384153090 …
I give that the same odds of @SenateMajLdr apologizing to @SenWarren or @SenatorBurr to @KamalaHarris - pigs don't regret being pigs.
To much hiding, lying, decption & cover-up, everything needs to revealed. This administration cause America become joke of the world!
Thank you! I live in MN and thank you and Senator Leahy for your perseverance to find the truth in this haystack of confusion!
Sessions is so far gone that the only thing Senator Leahy will get are "marbles in his mouth" replies.
Please.
He lied to Congress under oath. Is he going to be charged with perjury? It's unacceptable as the attorney general.
He must be resigning?
He's already perjured himself so what's to think he'll tell the truth this time. I didn't know is no excuse of the law, he's the AG.
Yeah right like in front of his buddies they control the House and Senate plus its closed to the public. ..more Cover ups to Come
We've learned this admin doesn't serve America - Sessions & the others have sworn their loyalty to Trump.
HEe need to be fucking fired!

Yes he does!
Well said, Senator Leahy (see Spending Clause, U.S. Const. art. I, § 8).
P.S. Bruce Wayne'd be proud of your three-part Tweet.
All the kings men know they can lie all day bc you have no way to prove them wrong. Drag Nunces in for a long talk over strange house action
All the king men lie and cheat because they know you don't or can't prove their lying.  And congress won't back you up with consequences.
Public is being fed bull shit bc of the need 2 talk in closed session. There must be tons of crap behind them bc nothing is coming out of it
Yes...I keep waiting for what I preached to my children follows bad behaviour...CONSEQUENCES!!
#SessionsIsALiar
#SessionsOut
While your waiting, why don't you haul in Eric Holder to speak to the cover ups on Fast & Furious? A border patrol agent was killed    then.
@RepGoodlatte  @HouseJudiciary   Bob, the guy you call honorable is anything but.  Your effort to get to the truth?  Pretend all is well.
Maybe he doesn't want to perjure himself again.
I think that ALL of Washington and heads of states owe the American public and APOLOGY.
Do you know if public viewing will be available?
If he had any sense, he'd just resign instead of go through all that. Then he can start his  trials before his imprisonment.
Hillary Clinton- Loretta Lynch owes Americans full &public explanation before Committees under oath for crimes Against American People
The coward won't do it and he'll get away with not doing it.
I hope you are wrong.
Comey is suppose to be the big liar but none of the presidents men dare to testify publicly under oath. No even Jeff
We just threw a 25yr old girl into jail...WITHOUT BOND for leaking...no prob..but @AGSessions who is Top Cop HAS JOB after repeated perjury
He needs to resign. How can he or his DOJ prosecute others perjury when he's guilty of the same crimes and has faced no consequences?
And before God! Don't forget him. They're pretty big fans of the dude. 
Exactly. We need a full and public testimony from Sessions. Under oath.
Explain your comedy routine, laughing at baby rape and paedophilia.
AMEN, brothers!!
he just plans to climb up in his little elvin tree house and whistle and make cookies like nothing ever happened
He also owes us chocolate sandwich cookies his elf buddies are cooking up in that hollowed-out tree.
Those too !
Good Luck w/that fellas. If u don't get him Mueller will. But why wait that long. He's a liar and guilty. Get rid of him.
Could you become a traveling Senator, spending a few years working in every state? Thanks for what you do!!
He's going to lie.  I hope they have the proof that he is.
Jeff Sessions needs to resign immediately he pergered himself saying no meetings with Russian to 2 meetings with Russians and now 3 resign!!
Remember Sessions is old and tends to forget things. Maybe he should just retire
Subpoena him if he won't come voluntarily.
Go get'em! 
#SessionsMustResign
Sessions needs to Resign
Why is Senator Burr enabling this behavior by the acting AG when he's running the Senate investigation??
I wish I felt it would make a difference. He's going to lie again. Sessions has proven to be a deeply unprincipled and treacherous man.
 YES HE DOES.
The Democrats owe the American People an explanation as to why you're wasting taxpayer $$$ on an investigation based on a false narrative.
Why wouldn't you want a complete investigation so the truth is known and the country can move forward?
Investigation was based on a lie by the DNC who claimed Russia hacked server. Refused to let FBI investigate computers, hired Crowdstrike

Nothing should be classified with this. We the ppl pay his salary. He works for us. All he says should be open for us
So does Loretta lynch and Eric holder. But you don't care about that
The country has moved on. The ppl had a chance.
No obama and holder covered it up. That's why Trump is there so that we can get justice
Sure does - but instead he is being a dweezel hiding behind his desk I guess
Public, people, Americans have the right and need to know what the flip is going on...how do we restore/repair trust in gov't otherwise.
Good point
What pressure/legal grounds can you bring in to compel him to testify, Senator?
If Dumbo Ears has nothing to hide he should have no problem testifying in public.
