You can find out about measures that would help lower Rx drug prices and spur medical innovation and safety here: https://www.franken.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=3701 …
Mr. Franken, the press release is wordier than your tweet, but provides no additional relevant information.
Thanks for your time!
We need a special prosecutor to investigate your corruption.
Take 17 Rx drugs & treatments daily, bid & tid 4 recurring respiratory failure & freq bronch infec due 2 low immunity. Unaffordable copays.
Am on O2 also. All children & gchildren on 4 to 8 Rx per day for asthma & other conditions. Seriously unable 2 afford groceries many times.
WOW!!  And it's not even election time!!  That's what I really like about you; you just keep on pushing forward. #FrankenForPresident?
Please make sure the generic drugs manufacturers have mastered XR ,that is still patent protected.have R's screwed w our meds yet?
We should be able to negotiate prices. That's what Canada  does. But big pharmaceuticals companies are interested in profits, not people.
I respect you tremendously, but is now the time to introduce any legislation that takes focus from the Constitutional Emergency?
Good luck Al, what with everything going on. BTW, most of current drugs are worse than the diseases. Have you read the Side Effects?
- PLEASE TAKE ACTION! WE HAVE & WILL CONTINUE TO #resist #ACTNOW!!!
On the right track! :-)
move to Kentucky. We are stuck with Mitch and Ryan.  I pay attention to the shows you are on
Keep up the good fight. This is the stuff that will make health care affordable!
Thank you!
How about allowing the government be permitted to use his buying power to  negotiate drug prices. Crazy we are paying retail
Maybe we could change the law the GOP passed prohibiting Medicare from negotiating prices????????
Too many life saving Rx are just too expensive usually have no generic availability.
Thank you for your care and compassion for US all.
YYY can Medicare or Medicaid not negotiate w/drug co's over prices?? The biggest customer in the market has no leverage! utterly #Outrageous
Fed govt is largest single payer of health expenditures it's hard to believe u can't squeeze bigParma! @Walmart purchase dept can,ask them!
And you did it because you're good enough, you're smart enough, and gosh darn it people like you.
Great! & please also work on a Universal Healthcare Bill? Now that ppl hv had a taste of ins., they want more & it can happen post-Trump!
Sir try to get alternative treatments approved for cancer diabetes ALD Parkinson n other diseases approved by FDA.
Yes, Al.  Talking to the 13-14 Dems who voted against it to try and change their minds? The people are watching every one of you.
You're the best! Thank you for your service Senator Franken and for fighting for Americans.
Thank you Senator Franken. Since I take several prescription drugs for Fibromyalgia, that would be a great relief to me.
Thank you!! Much needed! #worthyendeavor
Thank you!! We think we have it hard..can only imagine what you all are going thru
The word bipartisan is heresy to Republicans
Last year my co-pay for my eye drops was $90 on UCare. This year, no coverage, so cost will be $500.
You're FUCKING AWESOME AL FRANKEN!
Shut down the Senate until there's an independent commission to look into Russia's involvement in our election.
Thank you for all you do. It's noticed.
Know what's crazier than drug prices? Russia running the White House. Hope that's your #1 focus. Democracy could die on your watch. #resist
That's one of the things I love most about you. You honestly care about the people. Thanks, Sen. Franken
I still want you to run for president
Senator pls contact me for generic drug pricing solution . Here and now . Thnx
Any thoughts on a likely time frame for Trump's impeachment?
Cholesterol and blood press pills for lower cost now
Thank you, Senator!! Please stay on the Rx prices. The meds can mean life or death for many & the $$$ burden just adds to families' despair
That's working for the  people in a productive way. I just learned that a med I was prescribed abroad is too pricey for me at home. #sos
Thank you!!!!
Wow al I'm impressed
Reducing time it takes to make patented drugs generic would help, too. As would allowing gov to bulk buy for vol discounts.
Thank you! Too bad good news is smothered by TRMP's fictions, tantrums, and incompetence. Pls persevere with good work!
Thank you. Glad someone is working for the American people. Only the @TheDemocrats care about ppl. @GOP r CRIMINALS COMPLICIT W @POTUS
Thank you Senator Franken. This is so needed.
Thank you. After 3 week wait, just got my Rx from India for $95 (vs $1600 in US).
So have Medicare negotiate pricing
S  I  N  G  L  E  P  A  Y  E  R 
Thank you for your work for the people! This is such an important area to address!
How about working on impeachment of our corrupt president?  Cheap drugs won't do anything when we're all dead.
Seen. Franken, I may have to move to Minnesota just to be represented by you.
Thank you.
We need help. I had to turn down treatment4 severe osteoporosis at 64yo. Reclast drug copay almost $900! I have GOOD insurance, Fed retiree
Marry me. Well you know. I'm sure I'll have to join an orderly queue.
Thank you! Other than impeaching this inept, law-breaking Prez, controlling drug prices is high on the list of things to accomplish in DC.
Coincidentally, we're going to need a lot of drugs before the end of this administration.
We care about Trump being corrupt
That's progressive we can't have that in Washington...
Does that include insulin, which isn't technically a 'drug', it's an "analog".
Lantus = $362 in US, $76 in Canada. Not like it's a luxury.
You're a good guy, Al. Period.
Fuck that. #TrumpRussia dude. Who cares about RX PRICES??!
People getting stiffed by big pharma? The world, and illness, doesn't stop because President Tinkles is corrupt and inept.
Nothing will matter if the authoritarians win. Nothing. Think Aleppo.
What a facetious response from someone who obviously has no idea what it's like to have a chronic health condition. Please gain perspective.
I HAVE A CHRONIC HEALTH CONDITION you don't get it. Let's try again
Apparently that condition is severe paranoia. Yes authoritarianism is dangerous, agreed, however it isn't as dangerous to me as diabetes.
No... I've been interacting with the altright for a while now. They want all liberals (blacks, Mexicans, Muslims, gays) dead. Here's one:
I have a file called "rightwing death treats" ... and it's not just me they want to kill. They want genocide.
You know there ARE countries doing this successfully?
Heres a thought
Look for successes & study
US thinks it knows better
& why we're hated
Please.....work as hard as you can 2 get the @HouseGOP on board to stop this madness in the WH....
Thank you.
Thank you.
Man I've been learning about nuclear power too much. I saw Rx and immediately thought "reactor drugs, what?" before correcting myself.
Pls look into the obscene price of insulin. My son has Type 1 Diabetes. 1 vial of insulin is $275 & @LillyPad just raised price again!
Thank you @SenFranken at least your looking out for us real Americans who have to live on Medications that are generally hard
To afford
Yay! Insulin for my 12yo doubled in price over last year
Keep fighting!
Thanks Al!
Thank-you Senator Franken for all you do.
Dude we've got a bigger problem right now
That's great Al. Trump/Russia. Trump/russia.
Every parent of an EpiPen kid thanks you
