.@POTUS reported decision to end #DACA is a disgrace, & I promise that I will fight to protect #Dreamers in Minnesota and across our nation.
WHEN R U going to STOP this Grifter in his tracks?! Americans will lay blame w/MOCs for their lack of leadership. Save DACA!
They're good enough, they're smart enough, and doggone it, people like them.
Your tweet is great!
SenFranken, you have done a great job for our neighbors in Minnesota, would you please move to WI & fix us?
Al: MC of Clown Congress. North American, Latin American, Central American, yes, they're not US Citizens. So, bye. #MAGA
Lets see... Crazy hairdo, orange face paint. Acts like a bufoon. I know of only one clown in DC and his name is not Al. #MuellerTime
Love you Al- run for president- but for lords sake pass the dream act. This kind of terrorizing stress will harm these kids in many ways.
These kids are 35! American citizens have dreamd too. #MAGA
What other laws should be allowed to be broken?
This coming from a sex abuser! What is this world coming to?Screw daca!
No @SenFranken  Their parent taught them that they don't have to respect our laws. Don't owe them anything send all back & come back legally
our already great nation! Impeach BLOTUS!
Al Franken, you are man of integrity- need to mobilize Congress and the American people to push back against this so called President.
I agree.Broken hearts,homes&lives.To not honor DACA is disgrace.
Illegal is illegal laws broken , deport
Is he talking about the Israeli nation? @OB_for_Israel
We want to help Make Mexico Great Again by sending them their best.  

They should be thanking us.
I'm very surprised Mexico, etc. are not DEMANDING that we return their hard-working, American-educated citizens to improve their economy.
DO something, Al! U/UR colleagues can stop this reprehensible freak infesting the WH! He breaks law after law & Congress turns a blind eye.
Right Senator Franken.
@MsHarrietHarris @POTUS Trump isn't ending DACA. It was never a permanent program but a stop gap. Trump left that to Congress.
Then quit bitching, do your job and pass a law to replace the Unconstitutional exec order. That's on you, not him.
BS!
DACA is an UNConstitutional eo implemented by a Traitorous President trying to destroy AMERICA
#endDACA
SEN.AL FRANKLEN AND REP. TED LIEU IN 2020!!!....IT MUST HAPPEN FOR THE SAKE OF NOT JUST THE U.S. BUT THE ENTIRE PLANET!!!
Worst presiDUNCE ever!  Worst so-called Speaker of the House. Need major overhaul in DC! Grab UR pitchforks, people! It's time we reclaim
And, punch succubus ryan right in his big mouth! Stupid switch hitter. First says he's against chump rescinding DACA. Then, he supports him.
Coming from Diaper man
How did 800,000 people get to stay here anyway? My cousin went to Italy and after 6 mo she had TO GET OUT! Consequences = not following law
800K ? It was 800K during the Muriel "Boat Lifts". 100x that now? 800K must be a focus group pop. number. Enforce Laws, uphold COTUS. #MAGA
Yet another attempt by Trump to erase ANYTHING/EVERYTHING ever associated with .@BarackObama! Jealousy is an ugly thing, esp on Orange!!
DACA has nothing to do with who we are as a nation
So it's okay for you to smoke pot, but not okay for the dreamers to go to college?
Somebody needs to get fire ant mad against the @GOP .. we are going to get nuked. Everyone WAKE UP. Trump needs to go. Omg sickening
GOP's just business as usual: move public tax funds into private accounts offshore. Get mad about that.
Al Franken, there are laws here in America that apply to all.Some have to do with entering here http://LEGALLY.You  may leave w/them
Talking about this thing?
Yes, he was a crappy actor and now a worse congressman. Hopefully next election the good people of Minnesota will vote for his competitor.
Right On John.
I could keep going but that's all the attention this POS deserves.
efff, you!
That "immigration status" is no small matter...
Garbage elected .. sad criminal garbage @realDonaldTrump results
That means they are NOT Americans  Al. That's the point. Not Americans. We come first not illegals
Not so sure about that any more, Al...
Exactly @SenFranken and @POTUS is only American by accident of birth. What a cruel twist of fate that is. #DefendDACA #DefendDREAMers
it's a paradox and it makes me angry. Today and yes I'm a proud the students of @DSSTByers  HS are having a walk out!
"PURE EVIL" #DACA

Then why didn't you pass legislation, the intended way to govern, when Dems controlled Congress & White House in 09?
I'm all for DACA, but what's the point if we don't have control of our borders?
They're American in every way except legally. That makes them not Americans.
Well get aca passed and tax reform..work with potus ..guess not huh ?
Do something legally about it, Al. Persuade fellow senators. Pass legislation.
Trump shows who he really is by dragging out the decision on the "dreamers". His behavior is cruel & vicious.
Why isn't Mexico taking care of its own people? That is really the question here.
Oh
There are some laws that I don't like,I'm guessing it's all good with you if I break them. You should've stayed in Hollywood you're a joke
Immigration status is what would make them American. I can't just show up on your doorstep and say I'm your son
Why doesn't Congress do their job after Trump ends this illegal and unconstitutional program.
Then Congress should fix the law
It's going to be Your job to pass a law to deal with it #Franken.. He's going to put in Congress hands to get it done.. It's on U #Franken
It's a backstabbing move, while the entire country is dealing with flood victims, he eliminates programs.
@SenFranken I just wanted to say that I admire you. I saw story about where you came from, where your wife came from and where you are now/1
I agree, your job now.  Do something!  Grateful Dead rule 
"I was a stranger and you did not welcome me," said Jesus (Mt. 25). We will be judged by how we welcomed them. Or didn't. #DACA #Dreamers
Just another radical Left Coast socialist with the sole intent of destroying the Republic. #Loser
You know what?
Stop this madness!
That's it! plain & simple 
Stop the repeated calls 2 action
We're already there!
Just stop the madness
Please do something about it. Get the legislation needed to pass!
You are an embarrassment to a great state.
I noticed in his statement that he couldn't look them in the eyes and tell them they were fired from the country.
You're pathetic. Executive branch can't make laws. You're a legislator. Fix it!
You are clearly not very smart and completely lack empathy. As your man would say, "sad."
Sen Franken, what can you do to stop this madness?
Trump should be exiled, along with his spawns of stupidity followers
his excuse to pull another racist stunt.
Then you and the rest of Congress need to get off your ass and pass legislation not just flapping your gums
End that fucking shit. It was a bullshit executive order anyways.
I am a vegetarian in every way except I don't eat vegetables.
Do your job....pass a law to fix it.
How is it a man w/ever shrinking approval #'s 'cept fr/a base of way less than 1/2 t/voting pop b able 2 impose such ignoble values on t/USA
Good question.
Confounding.
Yes it is.
Sen. I believe you would make a fine president. Please consider.
So then you admit that they are not American citizens, and that they are illegal criminals...do you lock your doors at night, Al?
Please do something. Thank you.
If it was so important, why did you not make it a law after EO was ruled unconstitutional?
So what you are saying is they Aren't American? Very true.
Instead of focusing on @POTUS, try focusing on the parents that knew damned good and well what they were doing by bringing them here.
Obama and Dems responsible since they created this problem instead of doing their job. DACA not the law.  Dems are not bipartisan fool.
Copy the last sentence. It will save you time. I am afraid you will be using it often @alfranken #giantofthesenate
That is do true!! I am so sick of trump playing to his wing nut base.
Wow!  Been waiting years for you to be funny, FINALLY. #DeportallIllegals Stop giving away taxpayer money you sad clown
Says who ?  DACA was a false promise from obama. Next time maybe vote  on it ..
How about young people affected by #DACA are American in every way period
Then get with your fellow senators to pass legislation, and stop him. Man up
What are you doing to help senator? Cross lines and please stop the in fighting. Our country is hurting
Wrong Senator. Looking for a permanent solution is what needs to be done DACA is not a solution it's a band aid on a gaping wound
Jobs, national security, health care, insurance, education, improving care of Veterans, Social Security https://m.Facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10154726992699151&id=688379150 …
Please you and senator Feinstein can do something about this can't you? Fight this MF
I agree completely. Plz run for President and bring some intelligence and compassion to the office.
All those millions of future DNC voters getting sent home really has your undies wadded up !
Maybe once we control our borders properly it can be discussed but right now the rush into USA for our generous welfare will BK the country
Nobody gets more generous treatment in US than bankers and oil executives.  Ending #DACA has been reported to cost US economy 800 million.
They're not here illegally.
That makes zero sense!  If you are not a legal citizen then you aren't American! Fact!
Bull crap they are not citizens enforce the law that you congress passed gangster,
We're not. Inaction of Congress led Obama to create DACA. Trump needs to end it before it's declared bad like DAPA. Pass immigration reform!
In every way except legally they AREN'T AMERICANS. Key word LEGAL #endDACA #illegalaliens
Contact These State Attorneys who want to END DACA! https://docs.google.com/document/d/1WRAtP6yEkgub1HIzzaFXxPau8SrU0mKSH_XpNNbiFoQ/edit?usp=sharing … …
So TRUE
We Must #RiseUp as a Nation Against the Egocentric Sociopathic #HATE of #NotMyPresident & cohorts b4 we lose sense of Right & Wrong
Obama said it was unconstitutional!  I agree! And if you cared about preventing this situation, you'd do something about border security!
You sir are the biggest joke I've ever seen
So theyve had time right?  Why haven't they become citizens?  Just wondering.  Doesn't seem like there'd be an issue then.
And Democrats NOT acting in 2008 when they had BOTH House/Senate is NOT what we were promised.
Where were you in 2009 to make this argument?
Immigration status is a big deal. It's sad that you don't understand this.
You are a joke sir. You just practically said they are American without having to follow our basic immigration laws. You are the problem.
Find a way to legalize them, problem solved!
Which makes them ILLEGAL. In case you don't know it's against the law. Buy a clue.
YES! Exactly what I told cops who arrested son for underage driving! He's a licensed driver in every way except he doesn't have a license!
SO WHAT ARE YOU AND YOUR COLLEAGUES ON THE HILL GOING TO DO ABOUT IT, SENATOR??????
We need illegals there is no way we can survive as a country without illegal immigrants - no not really
As a nation DACA should've never been a thing.
It would be a real shame if @realDonaldTrump sends all the #Dreamers And their Acquired Talents back to Mexico. A real Waste of Resources.
Can my son and I sneak into Japan and declare that we are Japanese citizens? Get back to the crappy comedy you did so well.
So thankful you are only one of 100 fools who can vote on this. Hopefully the less foolish prevail. U remember the word-LAW?
No country is or ever has been and remained a sovereign state after open border policy. Feelings don't make the law.
Finally a potus with enough guts to do what's right!!!
Why isn't anyone blaming the parents,,,Trump is making the hard decision that Obama should have made. Now it's up to Congress. DO YOUR JOBS!
Why did you allow executive action and ignore your job.Its Congresses fault
American in every way except immigration status= not American
You've been in the Senate for awhile now Franken, what have you done for immigration laws??? #DACA is an unlawful Exe Order & needs stopped
It's what we've become, a fascist country

Do your job. Laws are the responsibility of Congress. Aren't you in Congress?
Senator,  DACA is NOT unconstitutional. Please make the lies stop
Then, Senator, make it legal! A Bill, a Debate, an ACT of Congress!
It is no big deal. People leaving wil be going to one of America's strongest allies: México  !
@realDonaldTrump is pandering to his base, counting on Congress to block him. That way he claims victory to both sides of #DACA
He's not really ending it. He's giving Congress 6 months to do it legally. It is always vulnerable to ending because it was done illegally.
It needs to be a congressional law not an executive fiat
Immigration status: illegal is illegal. Their parents should have thought of the repercussions beforehand.
It's NOT who we are, it's who Trump and Sessions is.
I think there should be a national strike if he ends DACA!
Tell that to the mortally bankrupt GOP.  Yes mortally bankrupt.
Not hardly....what arrogant self serving attitude. No grace, no appreciation just demands. Need to be mad at parents not America
Punishing children is not who we want to be.  This is not good for American. @GovMarkDayton @amyklobuchar our other leaders must stand firm!
POTUS is so dramatic! Announces DACA agenda prior to 3-day weekend. People plead. Will make final decision like Emperor. Ugh!
Al, I know you're a comedian by training, and NOT an economist, but how many of Earth's billions of people can we allow in freely?
@DonaldJTrumpJr @IvankaTrump @EricTrump  @LaraLeaTrump @FLOTUS @POTUS  #MAGA #IvankaTrump #JaredKushner #DACA #PrincessRoyal #DeportMelania
Then get off your ass and work for change.  Why not resign office instead
..it obvious you don't want to follow written law!
I am in disbelief that Minnesota would elect a senator like you.  Don't you make laws? People to follow those laws. Even yo
In every way "except..."
Except the ONE thing which makes them citizens of the US. 14th amendment, yo.
#ImpeachTrump ya'all need to start filing for Impeachment! He is killing the spirit of America and what we stand for!!!
So you recognize they arent citizens and are here illegally. Recognizing the problem is a start. Next, what do we do with aliens? Deport.
Preach it Sen. Franken. They are American in every way just like the rest of us. 
#DACA
Yeah, we would rather not be Mexico. They can leave now. #EndDACA
Illegal crossing INTO Mexico- 2 years in prison.

Illegal crossing FROM mexico- Free college! Free housing! Free money! & Vote democrat!
They may be from the North American land mass but they aren't actually citizens, are they?
Pass a law instead of relying on executive privilege.
Then do your job & change the law

Al, that makes no sense.
Get to work on a bill.
Congress has 6 mos to act.
Yeah, it would be a real shame to send all #Dreamers and all of their talents that were Acquired in USA  to Mexico.
So what you're saying is that they're not American if they aren't legal. It's that simple. You are a buffoon!
Nothing tRump has done represents who America WAS-America is becoming a Russian counterpart-Republicans letting it happen
Your right
Old Man Mitchell thinks you only seek votes Mr Franked and your constituents will be voting but voting you out...bye bye
The Program as you call it is Unconstitutional & illegal
Mr. Franken(Al), Please keep up the good work as with this president our country needs all the GOOD people it can get.
Trump loves to kick people while their down except this time it's children
Um, you as a Senator have the power to legislate and create a new bill to address this. Can be solved without Executive Powers.
@Toni_Airaksinen @POTUS parents have 6 months to document their kids.  So do it.  Then it is on them.
You choose to fight for illegal immigrants not American citizens. What do you gain from DACA? Lets look into that
Then pass a law to change it ball in your court
They all cry that it's not their fault,  yet they do absolutely nothing to make it right other than to say I'm going to college
But unfortunately it's what it's becoming.
FYI, DACA is unconstitutional. You should have been paying attention.
We are a nation of laws. The legislative branch (senators and representatives) make laws. Put up or shut up. @realDonaldTrump wants a law.
Not supportive of ending it but forcing congress to do its JOB ...that I'm 100% in favor of ... DO SOMETHING bipartisan and stop complaining
Donald Trump has no
As sad as this Is, it doesn't surprise me because we all know Donny the Idiot does not care about anything except the failed Trump franchise
AND RUSSIA
'...American in every way except immigration status.' Which means they are not Americans.
Um Al, immigration status is what makes us Americans.   You are either here legally or your not.  If not, you are here illegally.
They are in our country illegally sucking up as much as they can. Get them out of our country.
@AxelrodLorin @POTUS Al this is why you should be our next President,nobody shows more compassion than you do !
there is no bigger Al Franken supporter than me,he is smart,compassionate and he has no skeletons in closet
he is also for the working class and the down trodden!
he even turned down going on Bill Maher show after Maher made some racist comments
