Could you also do something about our Leninist Co-President, Steve Bannon? He has caused much suffering with more to come. #RemoveBannon
Thank you for opposing #MuslimBan! Please continue to fight and hold POTUS accountable for this and future EO overreach!
Thank you Senator.
Then will you organize Senate dems to withhold consent? #resist
Thank you! Where are your colleagues in the senate? Maybe @SenSanders is hiding in his vacation home and @SenWarren is asleep.
B our voice, Al!This is not the time 2 b bipartisan. Resist everything this administration stands 4. All votes w/ no Dem support
: THANK YOU for standing up for the founding principles of our nation!
thank you sir
Thank you sir, you fight and make me laugh!
Thank you.
msg to you & rest of the Sen Ds .  It STOPS NOW. No more Yes votes or you’re all out. Resist 100% or get theF out of the way.
thank you Senator!
your statement outlines how everyone feels, but what are you DOING to stop this guy's antics?
Keep fighting the good fight,  Mr.  Franken!  The people need to know they are valued!  
@sandraelleni Unfortunately, you're late, and the rest of the world rejects the US as a compassionate leader. #woketoolate
thank u! #NoBanNoWall
Please help!!!!
@pzmyers Withhold WH operations $$ until it complies with existing law.
Please please do. We need you and others to stand up and do something big and bold. #SaveOurAmerica
please block EVERY NOMINATION until all of this is completely rolled back. He's testing our resolve, and yours.
Thank you for representing Minnesotans, and all Americans, in such a fantastic way!
thank you
.@SenFranken Thank you for your service and integrity! You & @amyklobuchar make MN proud! We're lucky to have you in DC.
@sallyjos
thank u! 
Watching @frontlinepbs Nation Divided. Dems MUST use TPs tactics of constant blocking, just say NO. Follow protesters lead!
THANK YOU!  Keep fighting!
TY for your words and actions Al!
Then vote against his nominees.
@VoxPackers Thank you, Senator!! #NoBanNoWall
Thank you. With you.
Thank you senator for speaking out against this horrible action. #MuslimBan
@jnovette
Put a stop to all Senate business by withholding consent.
Why no joint democratic press conference about condemning this. Standup, call out names, if not no need to look between legs.
still love ya man, but you guys got to start fighting back, drive the message, agenda will come off it. ---> #AmericanPride <--
#SHAME  But u voted for Kelly & betrayed all USA stands for and now millions terrified #shame Stop helping a monster #resist
I joined FB after a decade of resistance just 2 read your statement.  ur humor & ur politics but this was simply inhumane. OW!
Ty for your courage & strength to fight for what is right!! Our country needs more people like you!!
"...we shall fight in the fields and in the streets, we shall fight in the hills; we shall never surrender" -Churchill #Resist
Thank you.
@MinnesotaDFL Please work hard to convince Klobuchar and other dems to deny consent. Anything less is collusion. #resist
@MinnesotaDFL a lot of spin and no substance Sen. Franken. You are off track and out of order. You have hurt our safety in MN
Thank you Senator Franken!
abolished because THESE COURTS! DARE DEFY ME! Are American judges Mexicans now? or global warmists? Sad.

Tuesday, maybe Monday.
uncontrolled transfer of power, and think about what you'll do when a Exec Order declares separation of powers and prerogative of the courts
Like I told Dianne: link with your colleagues for protection, make sure a trusted line exists to Moscow and Beijing, brace for an
@RepErikPaulsen Senator Franken - Thank you! Rep. Paulsen - Will you fight this? I'm in your district and watching carefully.
@JustSchmeltzer thank you, Senator Franken. My heart is breaking today, this cannot be allowed to continue.
please hurry. This is an emergency!
rings hollow until you stop voting "yea" on his cabinet appointments
WE NEED A PLAN OF ACTION. Plz help us help you
so far you have disappointed me. Do better. QUIT supporting Trump.
Why are democrats not on every TV screen fighting this outrage?
Thank you Senator.
Pls Senator keep fighting & make sure your message gets out. U & others need to tell ppl how to resist with actions. Stop him.
 Thank you, Senator!
we need you, @SenSanders @SenWarren et al to bring us all together.  Keep us informed... what to do besides contacting congress?
There is religious discrimination here - let's not forget that.
Thank you! Please keep fighting the good fight. We need you to!
thank you!  Fight the good fight! #proudmn
I hope so.  our "celebrity" prez is going to annihilate us.  it will take a disaster before he is removed.  only the begining
Are going to hold you to this, sir.
Thank you @SenFranken.
I hope you also understand that voting for Kelly for DHS was a mistake. Please do not vote for any more appts to WH.
Thank you
And please tell us what we can do to help!
#ThankYou
Please do and thank you. This is not who we are; he is not who we are.
@RachelSB yes.  Trumps move is unamerican.  Also antiChristian. It is supported by GOP leadership.  We must ALL oppose it.
Like what? Send out propaganda tweets? The people have spoken, get on board or get out of the way.
stop Trump now!!!
Thank you!!
As someone with family members that are affected by the EO how can I best help in the effort to fight this?
how can i help? give me a job. i'll do it. #NoBanNoWall
Thank you! Please keeping fighting for the real America we love.
Thank you, this man is out of control and need's to be stoped
thank you
This cannot be constitutional. Please, I'm counting on you and the @HouseDemocrats and @Scotus to restore democracy!
give him heck, Senator. Because you're good enough, you're smart enough, and doggone it, people like you.
people like you way better then any of those clowns !!!
Thank you!
Thank you Senator.
Thank you.
@davebernstein THANK YOU. I've been crying since last night. THANK YOU.
Go get 'em, sir.
Thank you Senator Franken. Your passionate voice is so desperately needed. #Resist
Thank you @SenFranken @LouBJohnson this is a shameful day and this wretch of a person is a stain on our nation.
Thank you, senator. Be loud on this. We have your back here at home.
Your first step is to oppose every nominee until the ban is lifted. Next is to force him to testify under oath. He will lie.
@MLGinFLA https://twitter.com/grgken/status/823254561116667905 …
thank you. Yes. Please do.
Thank you for your continued hard work defending our democracy from the extreme threat posed by Trump.
please sponsor legislation to reverse this.
@SenWarren Why are countries where Trump have business interests excluded? Does this not reek of corruption? Where's media?
Give 'em hell, Al!!
all the dem senators  need to take a page from the Right and OBSTRUCT! I don't understand why they're are not.
Why can't senate democrats stand united and apprise every one of his appointees. Make it clear that we will not give in.
Every democrats that doesn't appose Trump risks losing midterms
Please run in 2020
Thank you for working hard!
appreciate your stance. What specifically are you, Dems, doing to stop this? Intro legislation? Court?
, thank you. Please keep fighting
fight fiercely Mr Franken
please tell us what we can do as citizens to help fight as well!
Please fight for these folks Senator Franken. We are disgusted
I support your efforts!  Glad you are my senator
I'm glad I voted for you when I lived in MN. Wish I had Senators in TN like you.
thank you!  We need fast vocal opposition!
Thank you, sir. #Franken2020
I sincerely hope you do because everything that is good about America is about to take its last breath. #Democracy
Thank you.
Thank you Senator! We are behind you!
Give 'em hell, Al.
Thank you!
Thank you Sen. Franken, because I'm not feeling too proud to be an American today
@jerweber Luv U AL.
Please, something needs to be done about Trump by you guys in gov't NOW. I've always trusted Al Franken, and I won't stop now.
there is a pattern to @realDonaldTrump 's behavior. Can you tell everyone what their ultimate project is? People deserve to know
#AlFrankenIn2020ForPresident
Got my vote already ;)
Thank you. And  thank God for the Democrats willing to fight. Republicans will be remembered at the polls.
thank you! We need people like you in our government more than ever Senator!
Bless you, sir. We should all be weeping and praying over this.
ive been crying since last night.
Thank you!
Are your Republican colleagues really good with this admin's corruption and injustice!? What is going on? Must stop them!!!
Please help the US by helping them.
thank you.
Dems can start by halting all hearings and confirmations until Order is rescinded
keep fighting this.  There needs to be action asap to fix this broken situation.
Thank you. Now...go to an airport and begin. Please
we need sane repubs to stand up!!
tweet "reasonable" GOP first. Like @SenJohnMcCain @SenJeffFlake &tweet @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr & DO NOT STOP.
Thank you for fighting this. Please keep fighting this.
