We survived that & we will survive the Trumpster fire. You gotta love the George W. Bush singers, though. Memories 
Thank you Al. Al for President!
Glad I know how you voted though not surprised. Not that a Democratic filibuster would have been justified either though.
So many Texans wished @SenTedCruz & @JohnCornyn would have voted against him too.
I call Bull Shit...politics...we r over this in America.
Whatever Al.  Your vote was retribution based. Period.
But it's OK if he puts corporate interests over the rights of citizens in the other 49 states...
#NuclearNeil ?
#TrumpsJudge ?
#SCROTUSJudge ?
#GorSUCK ?
I just saw #ThiefJusticeGorsuch 
Oh well...you tried. 

#Gorsuch joins #Alito to champion "relig freedom" of Christian majority to discriminate. Note wording: "EVANGELIZE" http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/samuel-alito-we-must-evangelize-our-fellow-americans-on-religious-freedom/article/2617573 …
No, he'll support our #Constitution which you don't understand and don't support. Afraid he'll prosecute MN for voter fraud (how you won!)?
What do you think of the three Quislings who voted for ? #fakedemocrats #quislings #fakescotus
I know you tried...thanks
Too bad others weee blind to this fact.
If you ever vote for anything the Russians will put a stop on their checks
You voted against Gorsuch bc u are against any Republican nomination...
Thank you for doing that!
You are a great American and a true patriot for putting America before party.
Please tell our LISTENERSHIP AT KZKO RADIO 1360 SOUTH WADSWORTH LAKEWOOD COLORADO 80232. SATURDAY 5-7 P.M. INDASTREETS RADIO.
I appreciate all you have done. Time for niceties is past-give them hell. Thank you!
Except when u voted for Hillary instead of Bernie Sanders in MN ! #hypocrisy
Good job but they changed the rules of the game on you good luck with next battle keep up the good fight against #trumputin
Thank you for taking a stand for the people. Corporations ARE NOT people!
You did it because you are mean and anti trump.
Go back and watch the hearings and you'll understand why Sen Franken voted against Gorsuch. Gorsuch was a smug "frat boy"
Well that's the case of most politicians
Hmmm, Al Franken is actually a very nice down to earth good guy
Are you for real!!!  He'll adhere to the constitution period.
Did you not watch the hearings? Gorsuch allowed a man to be fired because the man didn't want to freeze to death, absurd
Liberal BS
Thank you.
Thank you!  Keep up the fight!!!
Won't take long to prove you correct. Can't get more corporate friendly than finding a duty to die for your employer.
Thank you for being true to your values.  It is greatly appreciated.
You did a great job but this will take all of the real Americans fighting together as one to defeat the treasonous gop
... At least, it's the only way to get the bitter taste out of my mouth within the next 30 years (or however long gorsuch lives).
...  (cont) there should have been a swing from 4-5 to 5-4.   Instead, it's still 4-5.   Let's make it the next closest thing (6-5).
The only way to make up for this stolen seat is to expand the court by 2 justices and appoint 2 liberals the next time Democrats win...
Why Tweet this when that vote was symbolic only?
Thanks to you and others who tried. We knew how unlikely it was to be successful—that wasn't the entire point & we do get that. Thank you.
Yes, we've heard your reason. Interesting there was no indication that you were interested seeing the law correctly applied.
To late they got him in ppl will suffer
So then why did you use your superdelegate vote for a corporate shill like @HillaryClinton?
I believe you put Party interests before Minnesota's Citizens.
Thank you for your efforts!
I hate the GOP... Never been here in my life.  I can't believe this is happening.  Most horrible, heinous people ever.
Thank you
Thank you for trying.
ABA gives him the highest rating...#yourmakingthingsup #tryandworktogether
You did the right thing Sen Franken #IllegitimateJustice Gorsuch
Wish you were representing me.  I live in Minnesota but I don't agree with you on ANYTHING!   I am a conservative!!!!
So you're ok with Betsy DeVos who doesn't have a clue about education, Scott Pruitt who wants to break up the EPA, really? At least Al cares
Thank you Senator Franken!
Thank you and you are correct about putting corporations first.
You left wing liberals took one on the chin.
thank you, Senator! 
And I believe you are an ideological, left wing, ass.
I agree
Thank you Senator! Now, as I highly respect your knowledge and experience, what do we do about Syria? Please advise!
Bears repeating: thanks for trying.
What?  It's not his job to put one groups interest over another. It's his job to effectively and fairly interpret the constitution. Get it?
Not just Minnesotans, but those in 49 other states.  He is evil personified, by golly!
Sorry, but it's all political theater for you guys and gals in Washington. You're all immune from the consequences.
Gorsuch won with a greater percentage than Al Franken won his Senate seat.
Thank you for all U do to stand up for what's right
Thank you.
Senator. Gorsuch will be destroying all of the destructive agendas that the Republicans and Trump hands him. Trump is looking to replace 4
Thank you, @SenFranken for continuing to be a conscientious representative of our state and country.
"Corporate interests"?!! But you supported Hillary! lol, you are still a funny, funny man.
Thank you for voting against NG and for the people.
Al, GFY
Thank you for your integrity.
Sadly, TN's @SenAlexander and @SenBobCorker voted him in because they know he will do just that. Thanks for fighting! #TheResistance
And your right.
Thank you for your vote. Gorsuch will always be an illegitimate member of the court.
Thank you
Thank you for doing the right thing! Wish you lived in Texas!
Thank you Al Franken, you did exactly what I hoped you would do!
Thanks @SenFranken unfortunately gorsuch is now confirmed. What are dems in senate going to do now? What is the next priority?
u voted against him bc ur a typical liberal and he is much more smarter than u and he embarrassed u at the confirmation hearing #blowhog
Missed it by 'that much' Al. How about 'over the rights of humans'
The triumvirate of Ginsburg, Kagan, & Sotomayor will be able to "guide" the frat boy. Have no fear. He will learn.
He's going to put corp. interests over ALL the people.  He's going to help GOP decimate the people's civil rights.
This is why we love you Mr. Franken!
Thank you from Washington State.
I agree
ThankU from the "Left Coast" 4 your valiant fight!  How can we keep Americans engaged so as a country we never make this big mistake again?
Love Sen.Franken you are an awesome Senator!
Thank you.
A Supreme Court w/ judges who are jammed into position by 50% +1 votes from a Congress w/ 24% public approval? Mediocre, at best. World sad.
U.S. Supreme Court, seen as cradle of "Western Values" for centuries, will never be seen as more than the puppet of party in power forever.
TY Sen. Franken for being a patriot! & Now corrupt GOP owns it all...this is their legacy forever! & his pack of wolves can stop blaming BO
Gorsuch isn't a justice to anyone paying attention, he's an injustice for all (unless you're a corporation).
Of course he will! 
...and citizens of the other 49 states.
But thanks for trying, Al.
thank you.  Gorsuch should recuse himself in any case where Donald promised how he would vote
well, guess what? It did not work. Minnesotas? Entire administration is putting corporate greed over Americans and OUR planet.
And all the rest of us, as well as favoring every crackpot scheme to oppose Choice, further legalize corporate bribery. A win for feudalism.
Not enuf oppos research was done on him until too late. Have to live w it for the next 40yrs.
You are not representing me as a Minnesotan.  You make us look like fools because you act as one.
Thank you for trying. He wouldn't have made it if the @SenateGOP bullies hadn't changed the 200 year old rules so they could win
And we are behind you. I hope you shame your sellout colleagues who caved. The @DNC sucks because of weak wafflers. #franken2020
Thank you!
Thank you! Your questioning led me to believe so. Not just against Minnesotans but all Americans in this regard. The key word was Absurdity.
And Virginians.

@SenJeffMerkley  @KamalaHarris Thank u for being on the right side of history. U r Patrits,
Straight talk.
Thank you from a citizen of the U. S. for voting NO on this terrible, unqualified man who is too far from the mainstream for #SCOTUS
He will put corporate interests over the rights US citizens.
That's one reason you're a hero of mine, here's one more
TY for trying.
Extreme ideals killed the Senate yesterday.  We need to evict extremists from government to win back our country for the masses.
Thanks, Al!
I get it. But POTUS can now nominate Elmer Fudd and you have nothing but conversation.
I live elsewhere, but thank you anyway.
One more from Jersey: how about rogue garbage truck with rotten fruit/vegetables dumps into Mara Lago parking lot? Same effect as Syria
Well, I’ve updated my ‘To Do’ list in the meantime:
 
Pretty sure you're right. Thank you for trying.
Oh, dear. It's a good thing Garland wasn't confirmed. His history was one of deference to government and against people, including 2A right.
History's face smiles upon you, dear, dear Mr. Franken. Fight on, fight hard, and envision victory.
and your vote meant nothing so when minnesota votes trump in 2020 and you are up for election tell them that.
As always, thank you Senator.
Thank you Senator Franken!
We are marching a supremacist onto the court, and nobody was willing to explain that to the American people.
By the way, Sen. Franken, I'm picking on you because I know you're aware. You asked about Finnis. That was good.
But you didn't get on TV and explain "natural law" supremacy to anyone. That's sad.
Thanks for trying.
Thank you
