We know Russia interfered w/ electoral process & that then-Sen. Sessions failed to tell truth abt meetings last year w/ Russian ambassador.
And now news outlets have reported that he may have concealed 3rd meeting with Russian ambassador, which if true, is serious transgression.
In the Senate Intelligence Committee hearing tomorrow, I hope that Attorney General Sessions will provide the American people with answers.
I want answers abt his contacts w/ the Russians, & I also want him to clarify why he found it proper to recommend ousting of FBI Dir. Comey.
Because after recusing himself from the Trump-Russia investigation, AG Sessions recommended firing the man in charge of that investigation.
My presumption is that after tomorrow's Senate Intel Committee hearing, there will still be questions that AG Jeff Sessions needs to answer.
And I'll be talking about why I believe AG Sessions needs to come back before @senjudiciary w/ @HardballChris on @hardball 6 PM CT/7 PM ET.
But, he already lied. So, how do we believe anything he says.
Entire cabinet appears to be in contempt for refusing to answer. Charge them. Shake the tree
I'm concerned about your morals, values and ability to separate fact from fiction.
Nothing suspicious - just guilty
You were right! BUT, considering he has so much trouble REMEMBERING where he was or who he saw & what was said; doesn't this make him UNFIT?
Beats me why he wanted to go public. He said nothing. Nothing could be said in private.
Aka lies
Yet you gave Obama and Hillary a free pass? Yeah I'd say you are definitely a worthless democrat @Lonnie_TheLip #democratssuck!!!
I warned u D don't get into this nest of blood sucking liberals! They're relentless! But hilariously entertaining. I Iove making heads pop
I've fought harder enemies than this. I can handle it, hardest part is pretending not to be excited. #violenceismyspecialty #demssuckass
He did as you predicted, very evasive, could not remember much, acted as if he was senile. Also extremely nervous
Al sessions is as guilty as trump trust me they both have conspired with russia, i feel FBI knows much more than they have revealed to us.
But ya gotta love that, 
(surprised look-smile) 
combo he's sporting
Because he is a traitor to American values & ideals!
Mr. Senator, I just want to say that reading this tweet is the greatest honor of my life.
He testified and said nothing you tripped him up first time do it again then run for president
And his "forgetfulness" when it comes to meeting Russians. Are there any principled republicans? Have they all been compromised?
Nah their all rotten
And he was evasive the entire time. You were right to be concerned.
@Scott_Reeder with those qualities, its good he doesn't hold an important public office
Ha! These "qualities" seem to be a necessity in this current political climate, but the weather's gonna turn soon.
I hope so, keep Scooter indoors
Well Sen Franken - you must be psychic....he pulled off exactly what had you concerned
And the fact he's already lied once under oath.
And of course his overall comfort with lying under oath. Crossed fingers only counts for kids.
Putin didn't want him to answer many questions at the hearing.
The way Sessions was reading his answers, was he given a copy of the Questions?
Same here
And now that he has, I'm still concerned about his evasiveness, misrepresentations, and suspicious ties to Russians.
You need to be on this congressional hearings, you got sessions to almost confess before, you would have again.
Well, we know how that went! Cotton clearly had cotton in his ears! The "Chairman," & I use that term loosely, said no partisan questions!
What we need are #bodycamsforpoliticians. It's for everyone's protection.
Your a liar, a fraud sir
Thank you for calling him AG Sessions and NOT "General Sessions". I've NEVER heard another Attorney General called "General" before... NO!
Well he evaded and lied all day 
You were right to have reservations.  He evaded most questions.
You nailed it Sen. Franken! It's good we lowered the bar for our top law enforcement officer?
Dude he was evading
Ya think?
Let’s include his misplaced boorish behavior when Kamala Harris would not let him dissemble & ramble instead of answering questions!
Extremely coy of AG Sessions not to be forthcoming with what he does on a 3rd date.
The country's top atty while under oath refuses to answer questions with no legal reason to do so. 
We need a better Atty General
You are the only misrepresenting thing in your tweet. Sessions did not perjure himself in any way. All Dems do is promote the lie, sad truth
Well, he started most of his sentences with "I don't recall" so he wouldn't be charged with perjury. Waste of time.
All about the money$$$$$$$$
You are not fit to Represent the people. The right sees you unfortunately you've steered the leftist into this witch hunt frenzy w/ innuendo
As we all are. Total BS Session
He accused you of asking him a rambling during his conf. hearing. Go get 'em Al!
Require him to document every mtg & phone call with a memo going forward like Comey.  Pretty easy if he is losing his memory
Truth seems optional. Chosing not to answer should not be tolerated. No respect for congressional oversight.
Ole Stonewall Sessions.
Let's stoke those suspicions, shall we? Sessions is clearly trying to avoid perjury. We need to nail these guys to the iron cross of TRUTH.
2nd rate Senator, like a 2nd rate comic
Did you work all day on that?
He don't like you none today. Give back the thawing his wife done knit
And his new found appetite for borscht.
Yup. Man!
Other than that, he's totally normal!
Me too very disturbing with lots of weaseling.
Agreed but what did the senate vote on that delayed this hearing's start?
He sure has a hard time remembering things!!!
His elfin magic isn't gonna get him out of this one.
So am I, Sen.
Rambling again, eh?
America deserves much better than this.
And his lies?!
You mean his lying? Nail his ass!
Yes the introductory statement he is making is already off to a good start. Not
I swear to God, Sessions is asking just like I did right after caught with my hand in the cookie jar.
Acting*
What makes you think he won't perjure himself this time, thinking he can get away with it?
And his LIES
Kinda hard to tell the truth when you pledged loyalty to a liar.
Let's get it all on record.  Thanks for continuing to stand up for what's right!
Slick one.
And, not forgetting, the multiple counts of perjury he's already committed...
My concern is once a liar, always a liar....
I'm concerned he will perjure himself or plead the 5th.
Sessions will waste everyone's time and not give 1 open, honest answer.#TrumpRussia
All of the above, but under a veneer of "aw, shucks...did I do that??" And a sly good 'ol boy grin.
Does his awww shucks routine, and giggles.
He Came To LIE , COVER UP , MISLEAD and Support Donald. OATH has never meant anything to these type of Politicians. Sessions is a Crook.
@USAGSessions , no collusion evidence,Muller hired under false Comey leak , This must end ! #IndictComey #indictLynch
Just another Liberal Democrat trying to make waves..... there is no conspiracy or consorting with the Russians...Leave the President alone
He lied under oath once, why wouldn't he do it again? In other news water is wet
Because he's good enough, smart enough and doggone it, people like him.
I hear ya! A liar in cahoots with the Russians is quite concerning.
Will he spill the beans or be a weasel?
oOoOH RUSSIA boogiry boogiry BOOOOO!!!  Not one liberal said the word Russia before 6 months ago. You're all a  bunch of lunatics.
He's a bullshitter with racist agenda. Don't let him off!
I'm with you, Senator Birthday Buddy
Imagine if all the poor non-violent offenders were given a team of lawyers and time to think up lies.  Almost no one would be in prison.
Suspicious ties to Russian officials? You mean, like Hillary and Obama had ties?
You're CONCERNED??!! We KNOW he will. E lying his tiny little pants off!!
perhaps he will agree to a closed session to answer all of the questions he answers  with "I cannot discuss that in an open session"
You are the voice of Midwestern common sense... in this mess. You're our reliable barometer. And, Lord knows, we all need one. Thank you.
Senator:  can you advise who ordered the rule that reporters cannot ask questions of legislators in the hallways of the Capitol?
Sorry, Senator, but he is going to lie and evade every single inquiry. We will never get answers.
Thank you @SenFranken for being forthright in speech &  knowing humor doesn't lessen the importance of a thing, but glares at the absurdity.
all the better to see him with 
Not even so much Sessions ties to Russians as it is the lying about them. What's going on that he lies to Congress & FBI? @SenFranken
He is evasive in his answers. I believe he is afraid, for himself, the truth will come out.
U NO THE  GOPHER IS LYING, WILL LIE, AND CONTINUE TO LIE!   DON'T LET HIM WEASAL OUT OF THIS..#SCREWTHEBABYBLANKET
Mmmm...ditto
Sir, sessions dirty. He should be disbarred for lying under oath. He has no credibility. What kind of example is he setting?
I predict he will not answer the questions
He will lie again.
In other words he's going to lie through his teeth.
And didn't he already commit perjury? They lie as easily as they breathe
*LIES*. Let's not frame this up as anything but lies.  Thank you, Sen Franken, for your work.
It least he is blessed to be the AG under Trump
He will undoubtedly lie and sadly the @GOP will not care.  They are morally and ethically corrupt and do not care about our country.
Why would former Sen. Jeff-Beau be evasive?  President Davis has given him carte blanche to bolster the Confederacy.

He'll just dig himself deeper; not the brightest bulb in the lamp
Sadly, even under oath, he won't tell the truth.
"You know this space is getting hot..."
@JohnLaprise well...and his arrogant entitlement!
Plus I'm sure he will lie through his teeth!
Thank you, how will you and your colleagues make sure there are consequences for perjury? Past and future?
I regret that Sessions was let off the hook the last time he perjured himself before Congress. Will he take oath seriously this time?
Those things yes, but we are also concerned about the secret health care bill that will screw over many Americans.
yeah, so are we Mr. Frankin, so are we. signed, fellow deadhead
He LIED SEVERAL TIMES UNDER OATH! Why hasn't he been questioned about this before today?
Sane Americans are concerned by all of these Russian ties. Why are there so many lies? Why terminate people trying to get at the truth?
Not to mention AG's unabashed propensity to babble incriminating facts to unasked questions. Oh wait, we welcome that! #SessionsHearing
So you're saying he's a slippery little character?
Not sure the point of testimony today when he's already set a precedent of lying.
How can someone get the answers we all need? So frustrating! Depending on you and the few like you to get to the bottom of this!
I am expecting he won't answer anything
You have my permission to find out the truth.
Every rational and half decent person is.
He won't recall the Russian meets/part of da job. Trump never asked him anything, Comey misinterpreted, was  4 FBI issues hence it was ok .
Pls don't ever leave us Senator.
No kidding. Asking him to bite the  of his master's does nothing. Show will reassure the base, and gaslight the Dems.
Yeah his lying.
you cannot say it politiaclly @SenFranken so we will say it for you and his LIES and invoking EXECUTIVE PRIVILEGE #HeWillLie #GetHimOutNow
He's a lawyer. They don't speak like us. It's an art.
Do you not have security tapes from the Mayflower Hotel on the date in question?
Exactly!
It may take some time, but in the end I think @ least most of it will come out.Then we can start 2 repair the damage done by #Trump
in other speak- he's gonna lie again, huh?
You mean lies. Call it like it is, sir.
Totally agree with you @SenFranken
THE ELF IS LIAR AND TRAITOR AND MUST GO DOWN
Sessions is a proven liar. #SessionsMustGo
Get the pixie!!!
Go Al!!!!
That why there are perjury statutes that Mr Sessions is well aware of
Your concern is exactly why public testimony will do more harm than good. Maybe down the road it will lead to a lying under oath conviction.
In plainer terms, @SenFranken, you know as many of us do that Sessions will happily lie under oath secure in knowing he's immune to the law.
If others take the oath seriously and evade tricky questions, many of us expect Sessions to simply lie, so embedded with Trump is he.
Compromised AG Sessions has no respect for Truth, US Constitution or Rule of Law. Justice For All Matters. Impeach #Treasonweasel Now!
He lied under oath and more likely to do it again. He needs to resign. He is unable to lead the DOJ. His trust worthiness is now compromised
Seriously sessions will say it is part of his job as a senator to meet w foreign leaders and play dumb (more dumb than he already is).
Nail sessions down w "when u ask questions of witnesses as a senator don't you expect truthful answers?"
We all are. I'd love to see you question him again. Last time was so much fun.
Sessions "well Aahhh did not know you were referring to Medlin'. Aaaahh senators gotta meet w foreign rep-re-sentatives to make niiaaaccce!"
He's not going to answer one question.
U r "Concerned"? We are HORRIFIED. Don't back down. Ask tough questions and insist on answers?
And he has no problem lying under oath. Why should he? There are no penalties for GOP perjury.
He'll probably just commit surgery and wait for Trump pardon.
We are with you, sir. #resist
.@SenFranken @joselouis4077 You are too nice.
You know he will committ perjury. Lying is second nature to his ilk. Its their first defense
I expect lots of:
 "I don't recall" 
"Executive privilege" 
"Invoke the 5th Amendment"
"That's classified"
"Inappropriate for open setting"
Exactly.
Well put.
The Gnome is a liar and his body language supports it. Watch for that.
I don't think he is going to answer anything. What are you guys going to do when Trump fires Mueller?
Sessions is going to lie. We all know it.
Get him!!! Let's put this traitor away!
He lied under oath once what guarantees he'll be honest now? Nothing
Either he lies about his lies, lies about his truths, or tells the truth and loses his job.
Sessions clearly perjured himself during your questioning. Thank you for staying on this @SenFranken hold him accountable!
Believe he will lie under oath as would Trump. Guess we can all hope that there are TAPES ( wishful thinking?)
With all due respect sir, he lies. If I had done that for my security clearance I would have been fired. Don't give him a pass.
It's going to be more of the same.
You think?
y'all really think Sessions et al. are really going to tell truth under oath? Riiiiight.....
I hope you guys have done your homework. He needs to be exposed for what he is: an enabler, a conspirator and a coward.
I'm sure he'll 'testify' much like a hockey goalie defends and deflects. In the end, there will be more questions than answers.
"Suspicious ties"???  You're talking about one of your fellow senators.  Get a grip on reality.
And that he has committed perjury before?
I'm concerned about his LIES. He LIES. He's LIED to Congress before; he'll LIE to Congress again.
He needs to resign.
Yesterday.
Just a query - When Sessions lied under oath during his conf hearings, why didn't he have consequences for it? Isn't that perjury?
Did you happen to watch The Putin Interviews? During the election which candidate told him not to worry they'd "shake his hand" afterwards?
Unless he has a lie detector on I would assume he'll be lying.
You mean how we are wasting our time and tax dollars? Under oath means nothing
Won't he just commit perjury as before?
You should be looking at current RNC chair as well.
She's really pushing hard 2 end Russia investigation. Her reason: it's taking 2 long. BS. What are they scared of. There is something there.
This could also apply to the Senate Intelligence Committee
Regarding Sessions, in this case
I just hope he's under oath and doesn't waste our time.
All the better to trip himself up with, Senator!
This is only 1 person in the corrupt GOP!! They all must go
Concerned? The @gop have sold us out.
He lied to you before. Don't let him get away with it again.
The rest of America is concerned also, @SenFranken
Yeah. So are we. So we're not expecting forthright testimony.
Yeah there's that lying thing he does so well
Are you concerned that he clearly has no problem perjuring himself either? #SessonsIsANaturalBornLiar
So why is the Judiciary Committee not questioning him?  It should not be his choice.  He committed perjury.  Favors should not be granted.
Well, he's a fucking liar, so...
The testimony of a liar isn't worth much.
