Since ACA not repealed, does 85%rule on premiums going to clients still exist? Make them prove their only profit was 15% or deny increase.
Your were great on Stephen Colbert
Yes, and you should all unite against Trump in a bipartisan fashion ALSO.
Affordable healthcare is one thing, it is something entirely different to expect the govt to pay for your healthcare. 
That is socialism.
Did you call for working across the aisle when the ACA was passed? Methinks not
Yes. Thank goodness for the adults.
Enjoyed u tonite on Colbert-and your SNL days, trading places- stay the course - u r a decent person who understands the needs of the people
It's about time. Get the job done already.
Finally. What about your friend Mitch McConnell?
It is at least for healthcare.  Now to tax reform:
I watched you "resist" at all the confirmation hearings. You are s hypocrite and a DEMagogue. No credibility. No one should believe you.
Then you should have been doing that all the TIME 8years ago..............
feckless faux leader
No, the Repubs have the majority. They ought to act like it. OCare is on you, Senator ("deciding vote"). Why let you "fix" it?
Medicare for all. Put that across the aisle.
Yes, you need to work together to build healthcare that works & to stop destruction from Trump administration.
GOP be wary of lying cheating Dems in sheep's clothing. Do not trust them to advance Potus agenda
DNC FRAUD LAWSUIT
Thank you, Al! We stand with you!
Like both parties worked together on #ObamaCare ?
BS...you've been criticizing Republican proposals (albeit somewhat justified) and offered little or no ideas of your own to fix the ACA.
franken wasn't even a funny comedian...go to sleep
Indeed,as expressed in your latest book which I just read.Thx for the candor,humor,and http://truth.Gives  me hope.Stop by PA next trip!
Are Republican Hero's
With a Corrupt Trump GOP Immpossible Only Maverick s Like @SenatorCollins @JohnKasich @SenJohnMcCain @lisamurkowski @MarkKirk @MittRomney
My advice to you Dems Retire or get fired! Give way to the new generation with fresh ideas not traditional promises to keep you in the job!
Wait ...the attack from Bernie wing is coming.
They are only working with you because they have NO OTHER CHOICE!
Please remember this was how the government was designed, it was the GOP that has forgotten it,
I don't know how your CELEBRATING till ALL REPS are on board and not in dumpy Trumps ear. Just one or 2 will bring down all positive impact.
Please make sure they 'remember' to include women this time. 
Keep your guard up. They cannot be trusted. Seriously. Hang tough.
Single payer NOW!
All I can say is....Finally!!
Lol, sure u have.
Since you're a comedian, I guess that was a joke! Tooooo funny!
Yes
Sure you'll cooperate ONLY if GOP bends to Dems' demands to keep all of the many ACA taxes & govt control. Dems had a chance & blew it bigly
C'mon Al, #UniversalHealthCare #MedicareForAll.
We know you guys hear us which means you are a) ignoring us, or b) all losing your hearing.
@SenateDems thank you for your work and please don't let DJT kneecap the ACA.  That would hurt people .
Live from NEW YORK!
Al, it only took you SEVEN months to come to this conclusion! You must be exhausted from the whining groaning and moaning and not working!!!
That's why you obstructed approval of Trump's Cabinet appointments and wasted months investigating the Russian collusion fairytale.
Franken 2020!!!!
Thank you and @SenAlexander for your leadership.
@realDonaldTrump this is how democracy works. People come together to serve the greater good. Open exchange, problem solving. Leadership.
‌Health Care-Story:
Because, ObamaCare: To America:
https://plus.google.com/u/0/+LineLlao2015-Fichages-%C3%A9lectroniques/posts/2T3qZR9Vcci …
Thank you for all your service.
this is what most of us wanted to see from the beginning
BELIEVE IT WHEN I SEE IT!!
Franken is a bs artist
Common Al; forget the ACA; fight for Single Payer!
Do you have a brother in NY that can run for Senate?
No we need one in Texas
Keep up the excellent work
Yes, Congress is for compromise... but I can't quit the notion that the GOP needs more to be destroyed than worked with. Hope it works out.
Bipartisan is the absolutely the best thing to do!
God bless you, Senator.  P.S. Remember the de-humorizer.
@SharonH91336636 Can you get them to work across the aisle on impeachment?
Why aren't we making these companies pay a small healthcare tax to contribute & subsidize HC? They cause most of our diseases and deaths!

http://www.medicalnewstoday.com/articles/282929.php … (things things killing us should be paying for our health care. Alcohol, sugar, salt, (high fat foods),tobacco, etc.
Sen Franken, single-payer is the right path forward. Where do you stand on that?
http://www.medicalnewstoday.com/articles/282929.php … (things things killing us should be paying for our health care. Alcohol, sugar, salt, (high fat foods),tobacco, etc.
How novel an idea
Excellent! 
There are those who would deceive you! You will win because you are smart enough, you're good enough and gosh darn it , people like you!
No one likes you.
I like him. So you're factually incorrect.
I meant to say no one that matters, my bad cuz
Finally The evil GOP must have found their green hearts...
Finally!
The Comedian is a Joke!
Wow!!!! So we might even fix the ACA?
it's about time. Get busy and make some improvements.
When I see you willing to be bipartisan when Dems are in control, I’ll believe you. Until then, you’re a liar.
I want to believe this will be a good thing. GOP has made that extremely difficult. Don't trust them!
Whatever works for the middle class?
Yes!!
Thank you @SenFranken.  You are a good man working hard for his constituency and not forgetting about the rest of the country.
May come as a surprise - most #voters actually expect their elected reps to WORK across the aisle! We don't vote 4 #obstruction. @SenateGOP
Great news @SenFranken
You just make stuff up as you go!
About time! Too much time already wasted! And, do something about pharmaceutical companies and their price gouging! #negotiateprescripprice
Yeahhh...you are listening to most of us!!!
Reinstate the risk corridor payments.
Why did you approved FBI director? And Kelley is a liar as DHS head, going after innocent immigrants. Thanks for making resistance harder 
Thank you, Senator Franken!
Yes and they expect US(A) to be the ones to come forward to try, but DO NOT BE NAIVE. THEY ARE COUNTING ON YOUR KIND HEARTEDNESS Be Careful.
He's not dumb... has a BA from Harvard.
Ok, @SenAlexander make this Tennessean proud, be a real leader as Sen. Franken has been.
Yes since last week
It's about time, @SenateMajLdr needs 2 step down or retire, he is the poster boy for everything that is wrong in politics
Yes!
Is it true the panel for this is 22 GOP vs 20 Dem?
It's always good to look for middle ground, especially after stewing for 7 years & had your ass handed to you 3x in a row.
Please run for President #2020
Why are you not loudly and regularly behind Medicare For All or something similar, Senator?
Yes work to fix. So I can keep my healthcare that i wouldn't have with out the ACA.
If only this can begin to happen.  So much fear and fatigue....making us sick!
Shove it, Al.
Thank you for your work. Suppose Sen Cory Booker also assisted. Finally, an outbreak of common sense in the chamber!
Al.........I have another path for you.
Bi-partisan hearings on health sound reasonable, but they can't be when dealing with an unreasonable faction working for Koch and not voters
Heard! Bipartisanship is not a dirty word. We're all in this together.
Al Franken votes to hunt wolves,  kill the Endangered Species Act. Don t vote for h im
How is not funding the ACA LEGAL? Aren't the POTUS, and Congressional GOP sworn to uphold and administer the law AS WRITTEN?
I have been asking this question for days. #doyourjob #ImpeachTrump
Hoping this is constructive. The American ppl desperately need congress to work together for the ppls good
Yes! Love me some bi-action
Does the path happen to cross SINGLE PAYER, senator??? It needs to NOW.
Really? I didn't see Lamar Alexander R-TN standing with Murkowsky, Collins, and McCain?
Working across the isle is fine. Giving Trump everything he wants like the FBI director is not ok
Thank you for all the hard work you do @SenFranken .  Love your book by the way!  Great job representing your constituents.
Thank you!
WHEN are these freaking Republicans going to STOP!!!
I have misgivings. So long as the GOP are supporting & covering for Trump, how can you trust them?
Single-payer system when?
Hmmm is it Work together or Resist? I'm confused.
Stronger together!
Sounds good,,,,but EVERYBODY knows, and I mean EVERYBODY,,,,knows Trump has to go. He's out of his mind. Time for 25.
Will you consider universal healthcare for children and seniors or medical marijuana for vets?
What collapsing markets?  Plus, every GOP plan would make them collapse.  Why do Republicans lie so much?
The Health Committee effectively raised white flag
Good sign.  They are holding hearings on how to strengthen the ACA Markets, not to write a new Bill.
A little like hurding cats, but a step in the right direction.
It's way past due!!!
Good point!
Finally some bipartisan action, to help the people over party line.
absolutely...hoping tax reform will be the same...it is in the best interests of the country~
Sen.AlFrank....Somebody Gotta Play The Rocky Theme Song When GOP & Dems Enter The Octagon  #foo
I enjoyed your comedy special Al heres hoping for another soon
Demand Universal health care now
I've followed you for some time now and I support your efforts. I'm finally hopeful to the right resolution to our ACA.
@realDonaldTrump and the whole @GOP want no part of working together, they'd rather we all fail 
He just said they were going to work together... pay attention!
Have you NOT been paying attention?
It's about time Fix the problems with the AHCA Call it whatever you want  Do what's right for all the American people
It's a start... baby steps!!!
IT CAN BE DONE!!!!!
Poison pizza!
Most Dem voters want you to work with Rs. Not so the other way around.
He said they were going to work together!
Finally!!!!
Single payer! It's what We the people want. And need!
Thank you, @SenFranken.

There is no aisle, there is only majority of American that support certain policies. Its not about you, its about us.
Really. Where was your outrage when the majority voted for HRC. Bet you were chapped out of your little pin head over that huh?
I didnt tell her not to campaign in the Rust belt.
We'll see...hoping.
