... says the professional clown whose election was decided by the vote of criminals.
You're a jackass if you don't think Al Franken is a smart guy. He shredded DeVos at her hearing. Did you watch it?

That's it? That's all you've got?  I asked a reasonable question and you have no answer. She's unfit for office.
no Trumpian has an honest legitimate answer
no trumpian erased her bios off Wikipedia to hide her qualifications for the position eithe
why would they it pays to keep the stupid stupid.
non-sequitur. stay on topic or let the adults have a discussion.
uneducated, at best. shrug.
yup. Republicans just set the stage for a future uneducated electorate, on purpose.
Many Republican citizens are not apart of trollish Icky's club. Ignore em.
I know. I'm still a registered Republican. 
Not for long; change form sent 11/9.
Thank you and keep fighting the good fight!
What's the fight? Our,schools don't function,  We r turning out ignorant dullards & U love the status quo? WTH?
if betsy showed any knowledge about how to fix that please show it
If Franken knows his ass from a hole in the ground I wish he'd show it at least ONCE
wow you're almost as good at dodging simple questions as Mrs. Devos
if Devos is so bad , why are the democrats trying so hard to hide her experience ????
not at all on your page you seem very antiAmerican like the antichrist or something
Teachers unions payed $150,000 to Al Franken's campaign.  And Al denounced DeVos,  Coincidence?  I think not.  Pay to play.
You're a puppet for the NEA. Neither you or the NEA care anything about education. Prepare for some good change!
@RedHourBen keep fighting. We are engaged in a marathon, not a sprint.
@RealRonHoward they did listen BUT not to YOU jerks.  Looks like ur not listening but keep it up, ur winning @GOP
Thanks for your work!  It is appreciated.  We r with you!    @SenFranken
@vertigo7804  thank you for standing strong.  With the #resistance emailing, tweeting, writing and calling Republican
Tell us, why exactly are you in politics?
GOP won both houses big time and the White House.  Trump almost took Minnesota too.  Quit whining about the election.  Move on !
Thank you, Sir.
AL FRANKEN & ANDREW CUOMO 2020!!!!
There r no words to describe this ticket.
WINNING!
wish you hadn't went for the 150,000 and instead for the kids. Puppet
@cnn @foxnews Sen al took $150,000 from Teachers union. Follow the money, that's what it's all about Senator
as a mother with kids starting school in a few years, I'm devastated what could happen to our education system. Shame on GOP.
they could actually learn something other then regurgitating false information? 
How shameful that would be !!!
why should the gop listen to anything after 8 years of shoving crap down our throats, good by dems !
thank you for helping fight the good fight.
I've followed this from the UK, Mr Franken. Who'd have thought a wholly unsuitable person could achieve such a post. A sad trend
I wish I was from Minnesota. I'm stuck with Toomey :( (and Casey, but he's good)
Toomey is horrrrrrrible
I agree Toomey is a walking talking Turd
I clld my rep/Portman, no balls, will vote him out next election, didn't do his job 4 Ohio w/Sessions, DeVoe
@vertigo7804 congressmen and senators hopefully we can swing enough to the other side to make a difference.
Why do hypocrites like you and Sen. Warren not want to give poor youth the same educational opps as others? Teacher Unions! YES!
Thank you for standing your ground. So glad to have you representing us.
thank you for your continued resistance to the Trump agenda. I'm proud of our senators! @amyklobuchar
So proud to call u my Senator. Keep fighting for us. All of us. Thank you. #MNPride
Thank you for your efforts, unfortunately the GOP is not reasonable, what now? Looks like Congress is trying to end Dept of EDU
#VoteGOPout2018
Thank you, sir! Your words and courageous actions give us hope that our democracy still lives and is worth fighting for!
thank you 4 trying
thank you for you determination and efforts.
Dear Senator, You just can't fix stupid. And Republicans are for the most part boot licking stupid.
You're a funny guy senator.  Thank you for your service.  Don't agree with you but I appreciate and respect your opinion.
thank you for taking on this nomination fight. Also what the GOP did to Warren yesterday was outrageous
I am from Florida wishing for a Senator like you! Thank Senator Franken #resist #FreePress #antiTrumPutin #ProDemocracy
the GOP is the enemy
thank you so much for your effort. Please keep fighting for what we know is right.
Thank you for speaking out. Senate Dems should tally the calls, emails etc about DeVos? Show the scale of the resistance.
go back to comedy. Oh I forgot you sucked at that too.
Thx for fighting the good fight, Sen. Franken. We may not have gotten an edu. sec'y with proficiency but the fight is progress
I am from Florida and I thank you!
Thank you for your sincere effort.
can't have change without change.
America has heard your voice and they want change to the education system. Not the same ole liberal bs the dems have been doing
Thank you Senator for your lucid thinking and positive actions.  Keep up the good fight.  It's only beginning.
get rid of them
I'm from CA but still wanted to say thank you for standing on the side of what's right for our country. Dems rule 2018 
Let's really enrage the GOP Russian Patriot party, and run for president, darn it, your smart enough and nice enough. Do it!
from Portmans state we called and called to no avail. Thank you for trying.
Thank you for standing up in a thoughtful, direct manner. Proud to have you as my Senator! Keep fighting for those who can not.
Thank you for trying. She bought those GOP votes with campaign dollars.
thank you Al! Your leadership will be remembered and praised. Theirs will be condemned.
@deejay90192 thank u for fighting the good fight. I'm from IN but I feel u r my senator bc u represent the entire country
We must keep an eagle eye on everything she proposes. It's clear her goal is 2 divert taxpayer $$ to her friends. Kids be damned
Stop talking & acting like speed bumps! DEM senators represent millions more Americans! Act like it
Can't wait to see what she does to my daughters special needs school. But we appreciate you trying. I know you tried. 
thank you for standing up for Minnesotans + our nation's future
Thank you for standing up to the craziness.
You all did wonderful Al but it was a stacked deck but I thank all of you for trying,maybe next time.
Right now, the GOP is not listening to the #AmericanPeople or #experts -  they are listening to #money #power & being ignorant
so funny
it's a shame Minnesotans elected a failed comedian & show host as a senator, talk about unqualified.
@RedHourBen you suck and need to go back to SNL
@UdnSpeak4me   I'm not from MN but I appreciate your efforts.
me neither but I do as well 
proud to be a Minnesotan
@CarlaDanger6
@ealight461 As a Hoosier w/a lousy new @SenToddYoung I thank you for your good work!
Please do NOT stop fighting. They are trying to wear us down and we need people like you to inspire us. We have your back, sir.
Thank YOU for doing your best to make our voices heard!
I worry that she is a product of the private education she promotes. #devosisnotqualified
Thank you for fighting the nomination
I really appreciate all your hard work.
@eddyrogerparker Thank you for your public service. You are a good man.
MN proud. Please don't refrain holding their feet to the fire, for my two daughters.
Thanks @SenFranken I have to live vicariously as a Minnesotan because my reps @SenatorTimScott and @LindseyGrahamSC were bought & spineless
Me too!
Thank you for all of your hard work!
libs hate choice unless it's killing babies errrrr fetus.  Keep forcing crappy public education on the poor and middle clas
keep fighting sir!
We appreciate everything you do to fight for us. Continue to let us know how to help support you and your staff #resist.
when will you go away
my senator @marcorubio did not respond to my maik
thank you Sen.Al Franken Good Job for your efforts
GOP may have listened, but money talks louder #DeVos
I thought you did a fabulous job with her in the hearing-what a farce!
supposed "maverick" McCain - disgraceful. Insulted as a POW, with an incompetent to vote against, yet he doesn't break ranks. ??
@marcorubio this is how to represent your constituents. Not by shutting us out. Take a page from @SenFranken
Guess you want U.S. Public school kids to remain out of the top 10 nations in Math, Science to placate teacher unions.
I wish you could be our Senator here in Arizona. @JeffFlake failed us.
Sidwell accepts poor kids on vouchers until 2008.
Obama stops voucher program.
Sidwell's poor kids vanish!
Obamas to Sidwell!
keep up the energy and stand for we the people.
Thank you so much for your commitment and hard work. It is much appreciated.
@SenCoryGardner Thank you Sen Franken Wish my Republican Senator would have followed your lead DeVos bought that nomination
thank you!!!! Keep fighting!!!!
thank you for opposing her nomination--I'm proud to call you my senator!  #resist
oh don't worry Senator they'll listen when the #GOPRevolt puts #COTUSFirstAndTrumpLast and decides to stump with the Dems 2018
you are awesome. Thank you!
me too al
thanks for all you are doing, wish things were different too.  :(
thank you Al. Your hard work is appreciated.
Thank you
.@SenFranken Thanks for trying. A for effort.
As I teacher, I thank you and admire you for doing what's right.  I only wish someone else in your party would've listened.
stay persistent senator Franklin. Your dedication is admirable.
@leenie83r it's so hard to believe that not one republican had the balls to say no.
Thank you Sen. we wished they had listened too. Money speaks louder than words or reason for some.
it wasn't just the GOP! The corporate Dems supported her too! Better publicly condemn them too or YOU are part of the problem.
you are a true hero
thank you, Senator.
@realmatthoward get used to it.
Thank you from this constituent! 
Republicans like to be surrounded by stupid people.
Franken this is not the comedy factory BUT YOU ARE.
Thanks but please look at video of Trump speaking with Texas Sheriff where he said he would destroy a State Senator.
I'm not from Minnesota, but thank you for your efforts. I feel like I should apologize for being a Michigander. Sigh.
She wasn't qualified, no experience in govt....just like #SenAlFranken !!
Me too. Thank you for your good work. Keep fighting!
and let's keep Betsy on her toes
how hard do you push how many took the bait 150,000 from the Amyway fund ?   Ridiculous maybe Americans should stop paying taxs
as the empire that he perceives crumbles we will need a few good men. Lost the battle. Let's win the war
you went over & above in trying to lead a right decision on DeVos. Trump is ruining our great country and the GOP is backing him
Thank you!
thank you for being my Senator and continuing to fight this fight. We are with you! Stay strong! We've got your back!
Thank you @SenFranken for working so hard for our children's futures.
how do we get the senate to put party aside and work together to stop the trump train?? Tell them all to grow a pair.
Thank you from NJ. @SenFranken
Keep pushing Senator,
Let us know who's up for reelection in Minnesota who didn't listen.
I do too.
don't worry Those that votes for DeVos will be looking for new jobs in 2 to 4 years
too much federal govt.  get rid of the position
@LisaToddSutton No one on their side wanted to be "that guy" who cast deciding vote. 10 more would have followed if 1 did.
devos is BELOW the swamp! Some people (repukkkkians) prefer to stay super stupid and keep their inbreds extra super stupid!
Double-edged sword for you as my senator. I can't harass you and @amyklobuchar because you do what's right, unlike the GOP.
as Obama stated...elections have consequences.... 
Big thanks for fighting for educators and for our children. I wish they'd listened too.
got it right. Most of reason we're in predicament is b/c of lack of educated fellow citizens & ability to think objectively
Thank you for your fighting for us. How soon is too soon to seek to impeach?
Maybe if the Dems would have listened to their base and nominated Bernie for one.   Disavow ANTIFA and BLM, enforce borders.
thank you for all you do. I am not your constituent but am still grateful for your perseverance. Please continue to fight!! Xoxo
you did your best and everyone knows it, it took pence sticking his face in to shut down what was right.
as a Minnesotan, I'm thankful for the great representation. Keep fighting Senator!
Thank you Mr. Franken for your efforts.  They did not go unnoticed. Keep fighting and we'll keep those cards and letters coming!
They did.  Go home, sleep it off.
- TY senators that made the right decision.  The GOP is nothing more than a group who sold their souls to the devil.  Shameful 
thank u for trying.  So sad republicans choose money over morals
Thank you sir for everything you do to protect America as we know it.
very sad state of affairs!
please tell US more about this bill to shut down DEPT of Ed 2018. Hurry, I'm in another panic. Thank you!
thank u for all u r doing. Ur my new hero!
@RealRonHoward Thanks for your efforts!
I'm from Texas, and I greatly appreciate all you've done on your fight against DeVos.
when can we start impeachment proceedings? #ResistTrumpTuesday #DumpTrump #ImpeachTrump #impeachBannon
Please rally the Democrats to prepare to be heard at the SOTU 2/28.  Call him out on his lies.
During the speech. Remember Obama
@Steeler_girl58 because public schools are doing so well
@davethetenor As an Independent, I will never vote for a Republican again. I'd vote for Charles Manson over any Republican
Please continue to fight for our children!
Your daughter was the director of extended learning at DC Prep, an organization in Washington that manages charter schools!
.@SenFranken c'mon Al. they haven't listened in decades. why in the world would they start now?
thank you for looking out for our children.  I too wish the GOP would have listened.  Shame on them.
Thank you for your dedication.  Education should be held to the highest standard.  We heard your voice loud and clear!  
Thank you very much for all of your hard work. We are proud of you!
Thank you for all your hard work and diligence. I'm proud to live in a state where you represent us.
Thank you for fighting so hard during these difficult times!
Thank u Senator for your courageous speeches & wit  You made me laugh as you ripped apart her testimony...& Session's
They chose $$ over quality.
THANK YOU!
thank you for your effort.
thank you for all your hard work Sen. Franken!!!
now what? How do we fix this?
swamp is increasing in numbers....sad day.
fight Sessions nomination
@ColleenHolt20
Thank you voicing our opposition even if they didnt listen ... the effort is appreciated
I'm not one of your constituents, but I greatly appreciate you standing up for American rights! Please keep hitting them hard!
Thank you from the West Coast! I have enjoyed watching you speak out and appreciate the manner in which you present yourself.
@PrincessBravato keep fighting for us.
failure.
@PrincessBravato the swamp deepens!
