How do you think Pelosi and Reid got so rich? Evidentally Obama too cause we know he was poor when he went to the WH...
just curious, did you question Pres. Obama's mental health when he lied?  I no longer understand your objectives.
You all have seen the classified russian/trump stuff. WHY NO ACTION! You all took an oath: "Foreign and DOMESTIC".
If prison was good enough for @MarthaStewart it should be good enough for them.
Stewart wasn't convicted of insider trading. Look it up. Don't be another uninformed liberal.
via Fox news:obstructing and lying to the government about a "superbly timed stock sale" Ergo,without "insider" knowledge no crime
by the way, make sure it has teeth. The STOCK act was merely smoke and mirrors. Not enforced.
Not the branch I'm worried about, TBH
Really? Please provide proof.
Oh. Gosh. That makes it all so clear. I'll forget about all the corrupt Repubs now.
Seriously? Pussy hurt? Are you a 12 year old? Pathetic child. Say it to my face and discover #consequences #shameful
and yet, seems like most senators are rich when they retire? I didn't think the pay was that good.
so why was Price confirmed?
then sir had a very long reply erased it and thought it does not matter you would read it but the idiots in change don't care
Al, please run in #2020  also, start now. also, promote the #vote in 2018 let's get rid of the scum...once and for all
... to wait until 2020, we can @Impeach_D_Trump in 2018 and END THIS NIGHTMARE
yes! i agree, but we would be stuck with Pence. we don't want that. #snowflakes storm is here
We must push NOW to appoint a an independent special prosecutor. To sort this out!
Russia! Focus!
Glad you are doing this. Sad you have to put it into law.
Really need his cabinet gone, of course him too
hope you keep up the fight like what you have to say and your actions speak well of yourself
well, this is America--why the hell else would anyone want to be a politician? (present company excluded)
Keep up the good work, Al.
Can it be named the Tom Price Bill?
Should, unfortunately, is the key word there
Hey that's racist!!
Why in the world would anyone be opposed to this bill?  Solves obvious corruption issue.
support!  How is this even a thing?
Franken & Sanders 2020! Sanders & Franken 2020! Either way is great!
Thank you!  Doubt the current Congress will back that but worth a shot.
Americans are concerned about your mental health,Trump seems to be driving all ready unstable Liberals crazy
yes. Agreed. But it happens all the time. Illegal for me, but not for Congresscritters.
How can #WeThePeople support you in this initiative?
Who are you kidding..tell me you have not done this? If you do you are a fibber!!!!!
Are you saying that it's ok or are you saying it's not ok? Can't have both. I support this law.
or promote their daughters clothing line, or rent hotel rooms or unblock the pipeline you have a financial interest in...
Two black technicians walked off the show in disgust. BET YOU THOUGHT WE FORGOT, FRANKEN.
once wrote an SNL sketch for Garrett Morris that was an ad for the "Tar Brush," to darken black mens' shiny teeth.
as if it needs to be said.  Is this real life?
@MarlaVagts 

Except Dems
this is more serious than reasons for the civil war, now it's plan to enslave us all. (Not making lite of civil war)
Can you stop government employees from getting foreign donations to their "foundations" too?
we should give the right wing there own STATE I think Alabama is perfect for these dogs.
isn't that insider trading
You...uh...mistyped @realDonaldTrump . No worries. We knew what you meant.
Does this obvious statement mean that anything is ok until it's specifically named& banned? #TomPrice #congressionalperks
Rubio the 100k man...
thank you senator!!  Pls keep up the good work.
they're just in it for the plunder...but you knew that.
#theResistanse
of course you don't abuse your perceived importance of your office
Get them Al. Honesty scares them to death.
Serving in public office should be a privilege involving sacrifice. But some view it as an opportunity for financial windfall
Excellent, thank you. Also, please push for #TrumpRussia ties investigation and please run in 2020.
ITs the first line of @TomPriceMD resume: Write Rx rules that favor stock, CHA-CHING. Drain that Swamp, eh???
@davebernstein Sen. Frankenstein, why aren't this issues being investigated?
any thoughts on a POTUS promoting his biz by entertaining diplomats there?
@davebernstein please address #Trumprussia , get a team together (r and d) and PUSH. ALSO. #FRANKEN2020
Hey Al, who paid for what at Mar-a-Lago this past weekend?
Amen!
@davebernstein Nice thought Al but #Focus on the #TrumpRussia in the WH. Rome is burning and #Congress is polishing the violin.
Sad this has to be made law.  Pretty commonsensical ethics wise.  Glad you are introducing this!
