Please don't let up! Sessions has to go! (along with Trump, Pence, Tillerson...et al)
Keep up the pressure!
And goes to jail!
who goes to jail FRANKIN for joining the corrupt Pelosi and Schumer. DRAIN SWAMP START WITH THEM
Hey sheep, he lied under oath...
Please read transcript. ?TALK TO RUSSIA WHILE WORK FOR TRUMP? A no. Means no as a trump sera-get. GET IT
HE. LIED. UNDER. OATH. YES, I get it!
... I respect the fact that you are one of a few willing to stand up and speak out for what's right.
Have you asked #AngelaMerkel and @JamesRosenFNC  about being a victim of Obama wiretap mania?
You represent sanity & dedication in government. Appreciate your hard work in a government that's not working.
You can not be serious, sanity? Franken's a comedian.
b AHAHAHAHA REALLY? Are you discrediting @alfranken b/c he was on TV?
Ask Chuck Grassley, old curmudgeon (R), how funny he finds Sen. Franken.
lacks humor, watching to much snl, guessing your Franken fan.
thank you al franken for doing everything you can to turn America into one of your bad Saturday night skits
How can it hurt and may speed up investigation. Let's include Loretta Lynch and Obama in Russian probe.
You should also focus Democratic Senators meeting with Russian Officials, you won't because you are controlled!
it's all bullshit
Sessions also lied about his judicial record as you pointed out in the hearings. Excellent work/ Thank you. @ThisWeekABC
Bring back integrity and accountability, for the love of our country! #Integrity
Do you mean like Crooked Hillary's corruption and cheating to win an election?
thank you for pursuing Sessions' lies, everyone needs to be held accountable, esp the Attorney General!
thought you were a bad comedian and now a worse senator. Stop the witch hunt and govern the country.
, he is not just distracting, he is putting our country at risk- not smart
you were bad actor then and didn't get any better, your pretending to care about American isn't believable
Senator, you need to run in 2020!!
You should do another SNL skit - Whos the friend of Russia and China = me Al Franken
Sen Frankel - Pres Trump tax info - purpose - to criticise max - not the info - Democrats - negative politics
The illegals NEED TO BE REMOVED FROM MN...NOT GIVEN DRIVERS LICENSES!
I also appreciate that you want all the facts before having Att Gen. Session charged w? prejury
she inturrupted you and was trying to control the answers!! Great interview, way to stand your ground!!
#FireSessions 
#ImpeachTrumpNOW 
#revote2017 
https://twitter.com/funder/status/836319817237946368 …
https://twitter.com/funder/status/837489982189289472 …
#russiagate
dear Senator Franken, please consider asking military to declare martial law and investigate trump Russia ties
will u discuss OBAMAGATE, guess not. Will u discuss HILLARY URANIUMGATE , oh not that either. Just fake stuff right
keep up the good work!
I want you to talk about your diaper photo!  It's very gross.  Comparing your diaper pic and POTUS Russians. Uwin!
You should bring a box of chocolates with you, just because.

https://youtu.be/GjToGCWpm-g  Discuss that.
Lmao! Joke of the week right there!
more democrap, do your job and stop you
The games
So back to comedy I see.
Discuss your bloaty. slurry alcoholic face. EO for mandatory drug tests and breathalyzer for Senators.
didnt even state your whole BullSh#T CNN question FAKE NEWS STORY.... YOU ARE SUCH A Lying piece of Shi# Politician
You forgot to mention who gave you the Sessions question to ask since you are the experienced so-called actor
Good Job Senator you can talk about the FAKE CNN News story you asked Sen Sessions during hearing-  TRUTHFUL
thank you! Still awesome after all these years. Please continue to stand up for those of us who are very worried
America will be Watching.  Thank You
Reading ur script?  We would like you to take a drug test also?
WOW- glancing through your followers tweets is scary!  Lib Dem brainwashing sure is working on those with IQs < 70.
This guy makes your balls look like tiny tiny dots.
my statement on wiretapping... 
No thanks tired of listening to you continually slandering our President's cabinet members. There's nothing there 
You were GREAT today. Martha routinely cuts off democrats, but you got your point across anyway, and BEAUTIFULLY.
This is fight btwn Patriotism and Globalism. You need to protect American Jews first unless you are a GLOBALIST
Sir, up and until this Russia stuff is proven, or disproved, Absolutely NO SCOTUS hearings should take place. NONE!!!
you people need to open your snow covered eyes begore we turn into an islamic mess
bafoons and idiots. You have disgraced the dem party for a while now. Many of you have. Sad times for America!!!!!!
Also, commend you for being an adult in world of juvenile behavior- pls call me if you ever want #AngerTranslator I'm your gal.
Adult?  HA HA HA HA - are you talking about the same guy who started out on Saturday Night Live?  REALLY?
Thank you for proving my point. Seriously @SenFranken anytime. #AlFrankenisMySpiritAnimal I'll be his #AngerTranslator
Great job on @ThisWeekABC today! TY for being a rational voice in all this & trying to keep focus on #trumptaxes #trumprussia.
Lib Dem politicians aren't fighting for the American people- they're fighting to regain power. Sad!
Do your Job! He lied, during his job interview...must call for resignation!
#doyourjob
senator Franken thanx for being one of the few pushing for trump to show his TAXES!
You did a great job. Nuanced, analytical, objective. Very effective. Thank you for your service to our country.
you should be seeing a physiatrist because you seem to be suffering from some sort of mental illness
@FoxNews Franken you're full of crap. @MarthaRaddatz conveniently omitted Clapper statement; NO collusion w/Russia.
I wonder how many in YOUR party & GOP Globalists will fall for these #ObamaWiretapLeaks Worse than Watergate by far
You are either a low life liar or just simply damn.Did not you laugh ur ass off at ur own question?
You consider a split-second smile to "laugh your ass off"?  You belong in the Trump admin.
Franken on ABC, this will be a performance he should be paid for. For sure it'll be lots of dart throwing.
HOW clueless are you? Those weren't Russian trolls. That was me & hundreds of other Trump supporters posting the awful truth!
Great job! Martha was feisty today.
Why do we not see more discussion of GOP platform changes during the convention to remove sanctions against Russia for Trump?
Great interview! A relief knowing there are Congressmen like you paying attention and standing up! #Trumprussia
you should do it wearing the old SNL remote reporter costume
great suggestion!
hazhh u really think Oprah Winfrey or Kanye West or any other president, from here on R going to show their taxes. @ThisWeekABC
Donald Trump is a Gemini storytellers Kwame Kilpatrick did the same thing, vice president is a Gemini storytellers.@ThisWeekABC
WTH??? Zodiac is English your primary language? Those last two tweets were totally incoherent.
your a joke! #fakenews should have stuck with #SNL
and every statement you make will lack proof, objectivity, wisdom and sanity. Al & #MSM are part of the problem
Thank you, sir! Need to ask why Sessions pd for hotel room for mtg. w/ambassador w/campaign $ if mtg was for Armed Svc business.
FAKE NEWS - googled it - no creditable sources. Lib dems new strategy is for paid Soros bots to post lies.
Obama WH expanded NSA rules 17 days from leaving. Used agencies to punish opponents. Silenced journalists.  Corrupt
https://twitter.com/ricardo_zuma/status/838027835956670464 …

and discussing obama the wiretapper!
.@SenFranken @ThisWeekABC What's the connection between #TrumpRussia & his #Taxes ? Something since 1980s, perhaps? #RealEstate?
investigate it...how will we know? We can't trust you...we certainly cent trust drive by media. #seriously
@ThisWeekABChe referenced no meetings dealing with elections.u should already know BO assigned meetings he shouldn't have to.
BO set up the meeting why should he state obvious to your party work related meetings set up by ur administration?
Hopefully about the plan to get the backward SOB out.
You must be referring to Ellison, Pelosi & Franken

thanks for being straightforward and respectful as usual  wish you had more time
are y'all gonn ever ask Sessions any real questions and call him on his bullsh$$? Or is is going 2b same softball?
Where you refused to say Sessions lied. Really? Cause he just forgot the meeting? An omission is a lie.
She was not a very good interviewer. She kept interrupting and changing the story. You go Al!
#perjury #SessionsLied  #SessionsMustResign  #sessionsmustresignnow
Thank you. Someone should.
I will be watching @SenFranken speak intelligently & colorfully about #Sessions and other completely insane actions by DJT on @ThisWeekABC
ez explanation Alzheimer's! Reagen had a functional Alzheimer's when elected, worse. They thought Hitler was OK 2
Don't let them off the hook Big Al give them the business at every turn make your case so that all Americans know
Big Al doesn't know "the business". He just lies!
NOW if you could only be trusted to tell the truth.  Your expectations are different for GOP vs DEMS ---speak truth
Trump is mentally ill.  Time to discuss that!
Trump mentally ill, are you a phd? To be a politician you need to be off the norm, like Pelosi's norm?
Even though I live in TX I enjoy following you. I follow both DEMS/REPS if their values align with mine. Good job!!
Please be tough. "Minnesota nice" has outlasted its usefulness in this era of #TrumpTreason
I agree. Get rid of MN nice.  Just throw Franken out!  He's a lying louse!!
will it be subtitled in Russian do 45s friends can follow along?
how about the threat on net neutrality??? Keep up the good fight.
It's a date.  See you then.
He must go. There is no trust.
Don't hold back.
Will be watching!
what I did, so I guess I didn't do it. All of you guys are out for yourselves. How about doing your job, for the people
how about accountability for our elected officials. Maybe I should stop following laws and say, I don't remember
The crazy tweets from our president needs addressing too, this is alarming.
Alarming is our angry civil discourse, violent demonstrations & political jawboning.
Looking forward to it :)
or how nominees lie under oath and the people being lied to, you, call it a bit misleading. A lie is a lie
revised testimony from highest law official is BS.Just give him participation trophy and be done with the LIAR.
talk about how our president can make stuff up and nothing happens
Full investigation of #POTUSTrump called for.  Sounds either guilty or having psychiatric delusions.
That hick needs to resign. If the AG can get away with perjury, what does that say about our democracy?
The hick? Oh you mean big mouth Al.
Sessions is a high-placed hypocrite and craven lackey of Trump's insanity and treachery.
