I regret to say this, but...will Alex Jones also claim this as fake news, with actors portraying parts.
Wondering same. He's got a few days before big interview to cook up a conspiracy theory.
I'm curious, but were the Sandy Hook children (themselves, not their parents) conservatives or liberals?
I hope my point is taken with the sarcasm from which it was intended.
It was taken and completely unnecessary and non productive
Should we consider today's shooting "fake news," as nut case @RealAlexJones had with Sandy Hook. HIS comments were/are non-productive!
Okay you are as big a part of the problem as some people in the right.  Have fun trolling.
***on the right***
This is on you Franken.  Now will you and the Dems stop with the hate?
It's in the mentally deficient person who did it, and no one else.  Stop it!  If that were true then there would be mass killings.
Left wing media is hinting the shooting was justified because it was a repub.
No they are not I'm watching it and reading it.  NO zone has said that or hinted it
Yes, a Wash post reporter called it self defence because of healthcare and Ne2wsweek mentioned victims support of Trump
Oh bullshit ive seen none of that!  I'll tell whose fault it isn't... no ones but the person who did it. Not Fraken, not any other democrat.
Cut the crap... and I say that to anyone left or right playing the blame game.  I'm an equal opportunity blocker.
Ummm, I didn't ask you to butt in.  Have fun blocking.  In fact, I'll show you how
@kenkircher1 @SteveScalise And my thoughts are with the family that the shooter came from! They too suffer. Christ did it too!
Their suffering does not get the benefit of a shared response. They're totally isolated and alone. Thanks for thinking of them.
My contempt for the GOP is absolutely called for when they use this 
tragedy to demonize democrats yet they are gleefully for AHCA genocide.
So sad that #ThePeople have responded to GOPcorruption; GOPstallingImpeachment &GOPperjury w/violence against the GOP. Where will it end?
@Kat195264 So you say sad, then go on to say " it's your own damn fault" Freaking  self righteous jerk.
The GOP is comprised of evil people taking corrupt actions AND none of that deserves violence.Yours is a batterer's response #DumpIdiots
you DO NOT speak for #thepeople. More like the non-loyal resistance.Which is why you are ok with a Bernie supporter shooting republicans.
Thank you Senator for sending thoughts and not prayers.  Everything you do increases my admiration for you!  My thoughts 4 Scalise as well.
This is proof+ effects of republicans&thedonald r traumatizing ppl.Results=desperate reaction from helplessness!
Too bad Scalise is a gun nut. Karma is a bitch. Good thing he helped prevent the Obama ammo ban
All this crap, shootings, fake severed heads, arguing w/ those ppl it's counterproductive. All this doesn't help the cause. Enough!
Can we now get smart gun laws?We didn't after Sandy Hook. Now Congress is directly effected. Will they wake up from the NRA induced coma?
Ironically, NOW R's are calling for more security. Wish they'd call for the same security for our children.  As w any life, prayers for all.
Yes and horrified by the SF shooting where people actually died and now maybe a shooting at Travis Air Base CA. Happy Flag day 
@jaketapper you may not have lit the match, but you have been pouring fuel on the kindling demonizing the GOP. #Bloodonyourhands
I love you Al but this incident is no more or less important than any other senseless shooting. Let's please keep that in mind.
Let's hope those republicans STOP BLAMING Democrats for this detestable crime.
And start thinking on all the Americans they will leave WOHC.
Thank you. This was an attack on all Americans. We are Americans first and foremost. We must stand together and condemn this cowardly act.
They'er politics allowed this lunatic access to the gun used.
The Dem and media derangement syndrome toward Trump and Reps caused this violence. I fear it will only get worse.
Your comment IS inappropriate and incorrect. It also illicits the very same thing your are whining about.  Be helpful or move on.
perhaps now the right will be willing to discuss gun control?
The right will arm itself even further to resist the tyranny of the left. The left has been inciting violence through their spewing hate.
You must've been in a coma for the last eight years.
You helped cause Alexandria shooting with your hardcore left pros and speeches!

You stole Coleman seat and that is still an empirical fact
Maybe stop saying you hate your political opponents is a start. Re your recent Ted Cruz comments.

you say it but don't believe it! Men are judge by deeds and action! All you do is demonize the GOP! So save your lies
So thankful for the first responders. @CapitolPolice @alexfiredept @AlexandriaVAPD @AlexandriaVAFD @AlexVASheriff 
This is the twitter account for the Alexandria Fire Dept in Alabama.
 Many apologies. Thank you for your service too.
Thanks for directing several tweeters back our way Alex Fire!
Doing our best! Outstanding job on the service that you provide. We know that it just doesn't happen in public eye, keep up the good work!
and would you consent to being questioned regarding whether or not youve fantasized about the target being @realDonaldTrump and a success?
@jaketapper @SteveScalise Who could imagine all the hateful leftist rhetoric would result in such a thing?
Or Conservative gun policies.
It is horrible, but an environment I'm most certain of, created by Trump himself! I'm sure no responsibilities will be be taken though!!
You people have been asking for this and now you got it. Screaming resist over and over and the crazies will come out. You played a  part.
Four UPS drivers dead in SF. One Congressman shot in DC.
Who gets the news? Is one Congressman more valuable than four UPS employees.
https://youtu.be/q1fyFN-rXoU  via @YouTube
Can we talk assault rifle ban? How many at that field let the #ARBan expire? No need for ARs. Will tragedy finally open their eyes? #AlexVA
This should not be a partisan issue.
But it is.
Senator Franken, I respect you as a person, but you need to do more than just have your thoughts with them. Take action to help prevent this
Where is ur outrage to the 152 other mass shootings that happened in 2017? GunRight politicians NRA and their supporters are all CULPABLE!
How about this shooting today that took lives?
Why isn't anyone talking about this?
THANK YOU FOR YOUR FINE WORK STANDING UP FOR
 WE THE PEOPLE
AL FRANKIN

Your hate and incitment led to this. Hope you're happy. You have blood on your hands.
Not even half a year over. Where are the prayers, outrage, thoughts? Today's the day?
Inciting violence,hatred,impeachment,distrust makes your party guilty of fueling people to take your party's words literal. Reflect&CHANGE
indeed, you're right. it's why no one should support Trump or any Republican.
Republicans&dems are all americans!an attack 1 is an attack on all!To not support the president or majority party is asking democracy fail.
GUN CONTROL!!!!!...WHO ELSE HAS TO DIE OR GET HURT???
Let's hope the GOP will not use this event as a mechanism to further undermine civil liberties w/o attempting any form of gun control
good for you.
We have to done SOMETHING about gun violence
My son had the best idea ever. Could the baseball game be played as two teams, both sides have democrats and republicans? USA for unity
Isn't this THE OBVIOUS END OF PUSHING 2ND AMENDMENT REMEDIES? SOW THE WIND, REAP THE WHIRLWIND.
Just another day in the U.S.A. #GunControl
GOP fucking with citizens' well being. Not surprised someone snapped.
thoughts and prayers! how about gun control? maybe since white male senator was wounded? nah, NRA lobby $$$ rules
And San Francisco at UPS, as well.
Sad day in America.
Domestic violence is a Proven Outlier, but women calling police receive 0 help. Crimes against women remain in Family, not Criminal Court.
why do you refuse to demand sessions resign?
Are you and other Democrats now harvesting from your hatred, vitriol and demagoguery?
^projection.
If you are sincere you'd try to stop the violence from the left in our streets and college campuses. Try cooperation instead of obstruction,
My thoughts and prayers are for those shot today in Alexandria and EVERYWHERE in the United States yesterday, today, tomorrow, and next week
Perhaps now you'll finally cancel your appearance with Griffin to stop fanning the flames of incivility and violence in DC.
If you're so horrified wstch what comes out of your mouth
And are you repentant for all your divisive hysteria? Own it!
What is going on in San Francisco?
Wish you would just shut up.
Like anything will change.
Thank you Senator. I hope both parties can come together and end this violence. Not likely but I'm willing to work towards it.
You should also be horrified by actions of @kathygriffin not supporting her
real Americans tend to support free speech.
Al only the shooter is dead(terrible) but how many "average" Americans will die today by #ScaliceNRAGOPViolence? 100, 200, 300? #Pitiful
Really u Dems and MSM have been stoking such Hate since @potus elected.
Perfect timing for gun control legislation.  Maybe Steve would support that now?
Maybe if you grew up and became a real congressman you could stop peddling fake news and stirring up these maniacs. Another #bernieattacker
This One's on you and your hateful delusional vitriol
Glad POTUS found time in his schedule to mourn the GOP baseball practice, but waited 3 days to say anything about Portland attacks.
You gotta tell those rep. Senators to quit trying to sew hatred and divide, esp. when on @FoxNews where they encourage it!
Thankfully no one but the shooter is dead. Praying for all the injured!
shove it senator. Your nonstop hateful rhetoric fuels this shit

#Scalise shooter JAMES T HODGKINSON is former SEIU like so many #HRCratline enforcers!!!!
Bull crap. #ShakespeareinthePark, Kathy Griffin, MSM, singing nananana inthe House? You & your party totally responsible. Blood. @jjraegirl
Is your party responsible for the Portland stabbing? And apparently he was not a democrat. I'm saying look at history.
Oh really? Go there.I have stats on attacks. & so do you. @jjraegirl @Roses_4_Thorns  @CindiZam77c  @jjraegirl  @mitchellvii @seanhannity
You liar your part of the problem with your sick twisted russia allegations #MAGA
Please help get assault weapons off the streets
Violence is not the answer. Gun contrl is.
The WHY is a question. People so FED UP w/ Repugs just saying NO to Constitution and way of gov't.  Guess we'll find out. Thinking of Gabby.
Yeah...right.
Oh please. Keep your thoughts & prayers. You & others just like you encourage this type of behavior with your #FAKENEWS and anti Trump crap!
The left's toxic hatred of @realDonaldTrump and conservatives, and their complicit media have created this environment.  Do you denounce it?
Guncontrol laws would be more helpful than all these prayers!!!
Franken is a Dem. He is pro-universal BG checks. 
sadly..when you breed the hate and rhetoric we see..from the TOP..this stuff will happen and will happen more and more..very Sad place US
Violence is NOT the answer. I hope this will spur Republicans to enact an assault weapon ban and better gun laws.
Hang in there. Violence is not a solution. We The People have much work to do. It is a great time to be better than this.
let's not forget this is the same congressmen who gave a speech to white supremacists at a David Duke rally.
Franken, Harris, and Dem hate speech spread non stop by the colluding media toward Trump and Reps are the root cause.
Trump and the Republican Congress are turning our country into a Third World State. My hunch is we'll have to get used to this, Mr. Franken
Being Australian we are shocked always at the amount of gun violence in the US. Thoughts are with all victims and their families.
Now Tell # POTUS Trump to # Stop Cut to ## Mental Health Research Funding!!

What happened today was horrible & I can't help thinking that the terror these guys felt is exactly what those 6yr olds felt at Sandy Hook
Violent attack today is horrible!
You are one of the radicals inciting violence. Be careful you do not reap what you are sowing.
BS!!  Your party has encouraged and condoned violence and you all silently sit there and say nothing!!! Very doubtful u r sincere!!
I look forward to the unity-inspiring tweets from @potus.
ROTFLMAO! Keep 'looking' or eh hum..dreaming!
And MY thoughts are (once again) about gun control!!!
Unfortunate this happened;it's not a neighborhood where middle class & underpriveledged will be losing healthcare but could be the reason:(
Same Senator Franken. What a senseless act of horror 
What is happening to our country??!!
Karma's a bitch! Treasonous GOP trying to kill us all! People will shoot back! Get it?
I'm sorry to say I'm no longer horrified. When 20 children and 6 staff members are killed & nothing is done, horrified replaced w/normalcy.
It is time to return to civility and respectful debate. Enough of partisan grandstanding. And making each other out to be demonic. LEAD!!!
The gift of humanity, is your gift exampling classy. Putting man before party! What a noble idea??? People before party??,,,YES, I like it!
Are you?  I'm not. Dems fukd this country with their liberal disease. Everyone who doesn't want their policies is evil right?!
It's a good thing he had a detail
Let me guess....GUN CONTROL?smh!!
@jaketapper @SteveScalise I heard you were dancing with glee.
Sounds like someone went Second Amendment; tragic.  Trickle Down Economics has failed, miserable, but Trickle Down Hatred booms.
You share responsibility for all your hate-speech promoting violence against our president and his supporters.
When did Senator Frankenstein promote shooting Republicans? I must have missed it.
LOL "Frankenstein" damn you autocorrect.
2 dead and 7 wounded in the Magic City... MIA
Maybe give a shout out against the play in NYC depicting the murder of our president as well.
The play uses the current president at the time.  Obama shown as Julius Caesar also.  Need to focus on Russian coup.
Never done to our black president. It would have been labeled racism.  Don't lie.
YOU ARE PART OF THE REASON FOR THIS HAPPENING, JUST SHUT IT.
Al, think yours and DEMS, et al, hateful rhetoric against Republicans (Trump & his supporters) had ANYTHING to do with it? DUH, ya think?
You have blood on your hands and you know it. I hope you get what's coming to you.
You and your resistance are traitors to America.
If true Sen Franken you need to lead charge to stop Dem resistance & call for violence in the street by politicians like Kaine #Alexandria
Lol.   Yeah right.  This idiot will pour more gas on it and fan the flames higher. Is what libturds do. It's their nature.
You're horrible. You really are.
So was it republican rhetoric that was to blame for Gabby Gifford getting shot?
Prayers
Assassination "plays" in Central Park, ISIS-like photo of "comedian" holding a bloody decapitated Trump head...Democrats are a disgrace.
thanks for acknowledging more than just Scalise unlike Trump
Stop the hate and Trump/GOP bashing. You/media/Hollywood are responsible. Please be a leader in call for calm for next 3 1/2 yrs.
riiiigggghhht. There's  no hate. The media is simply reporting his corrupt & incompetent administration. U choose 2 look away.
Any bets on the number from GOP that will suddenly be interested in gun control legislation as of this morning? #itmatterswhenithappenstoyou
That's what it took for Reagan to do something.
Shut. Up.
It can happen at anytime anywhere. My prayers are with them
Your party constantly calls for violence!!! Shut up @alfranken !!!
Politically motivated assassination attempt by alt left liberal Democrat fanatic targeting Republicans.
Question is, are we gona call it terrorism or does that only apply to Muslim / middle eastern/ brown folks? .. shooter said to be white
Own it !
I am so sorry to hear that this horrific event has happened,but I am more shocked that there are people tweeting such horrible stuff to you
Can you please help ensure that this brings us together and doesn't become a partisan conversation?
The capital police that protected them are heroes and I pray they heal from their wounds
@BentleysQuest @SteveScalise Reap what has been sown with the NRA's gun culture.
Reports are he was hit in the hip so maybe non fatal
"Republicans or Democrats" Politics divide us while tragedy unite us. Today should be the beginning of unity instead of hate & division.
Please send that to Trump....he created this mess
Bullshit.  Libturds spreading hate from the day he announced.  Starting riots at his ralleys etc....
It might be too soon but a hip injury isn't normal for a sniper. Unless you "Know" his wife I guess.  Makes you wonder where he was aiming.
Maybe you liberals should turn up the hate a little more, huh??  this is the result.
All the liberals I know are very peaceful, the only hate I've seen are the white supremacist and trumpers
Hopefully gun shots are covered under the AHCA.
Well, emergency room visits and hospital stays aren't so...  but he's rich so I guess he can just buy the care he needs
He's got excellent care, senator
Maybe we can stop all the BS and try to focus on the people.  Stop with all your BS talk.
Sen. Franken are you just as horrified everyday when the residents of some urban areas face the same type of attacks?
No because they're used to it lol
Jake will you be running any slanderous hearsay (anonymous sources) on the Russian Fairytale today?   Just curious.  Thanks
Ya this radical Dem targeted the Rep practice bc if the media and ppl like you.
You threatened senator Ted Cruz in your book. You encourage violence
yeah., right.
Whatever
You might want to pipe down your rhetoric Senator Franken! A crazy left shooter just tried to shoot a bunch of Rep representatives!!!
How do you know that shooter is left, shame on you
We'll see....
Yes we will and until then, we should talk about stricter gun laws
Are you nuts?  If the capital police hadn't been there this would have been a massacre!
What does that have to do with stricter gun laws, the police should have guns
Come on.... for one day let's be nice to each other.
Yes, and I am changing my tone. This is a terrible attack due to all of our 120 character hate
Thanks, bye
Nothing more dangerous than a dem with a gun
Agreed and also glad the gunman was apprehended as this was in a residential area.
Apprehended. Lol.  From reports . He was shot dead by security detail.
Horrible sending best thoughts
#GunControl worked REAL well there didn't. It! Shut up fool! #hypocrites
What's your point? Are you saying the 2nd amendment worked REAL well there? Who is the hypocrite?
Regardless of your political affiliation this is not only tragic, it's a direct attack on our Democracy.
We don't know what the shooter's motive was, so for now it was an attack on people. Which is always bad enough.
The shooter first asked about who was on the pitch before returning to open fire on the politicians, all points to political motivation
Just not enough guns in society
Now, if everybody was strapped we could have had a real shootout
How extremely insanely absurd we allow this
23 mil guns sold in US (legally) in 2016 alone
NRA spends $36 mil on 2016 election
Gun culture makes $1.5 BILLION 2016
Laughs to the bank
Nukes for all. It's the only way to be safe.
I don't care what your political affiliation, this is senseless and tragic. Glad to see no fatalities. Hope for a speedy recovery for all.
Shooter is dead... He was a sad pathetic angry man. #HeIsDead  Scalice is a sad pathetic angry man. #HeIsStillAlive
Let's not all jump to politicize a mass shooting. K?
HYPOCRITE
Thank you Senator. You're the only one who didn't add "and Prayers" to your statement. Just "thoughts" is enough, prayers do nothing. 
Positive thoughts are useless to the wounded.  At least you got a chance to slam religion at a moment when people need hope.
Or, you know, sensible gun control legislation.
I'm sure the #GOP will call for stronger gun laws and give back all the #NRA money they've received.  I'm relieved nobody was killed
Right!  Because stronger gun laws will keep criminals from breaking gun laws
So terrible..Thoughts and prayers for all those shot and injured..Just stupid that assault rifles can be bought and sold so carelessly
