Seeing someone with their grandkids can tell you a lot about them as a person. Funny how we never see @realDonaldTrump with his grandkids.
Or Barron
That is shows real character. Good man, great grandpa.
Here's Trump, who everyone not born with a silver spoon in their mouth (or bone spurs in their heels) can relate with. Notice wife & child
Please leave Baron out of this mess.
Exactly. Poor kid has been thankfully kept from the media as much as possible during this and he needs to be left alone. Until he starts...
the same ignorant shit that falls out of his dad and siblings, give that kid a pass. He could actually become the inherently DECENT Trump.
I agree. I'm just saying his father simply uses him as a political prop, which is abhorrent.
And Raping
If they cannot say they are for #SinglePayer, then they are bought!
We have an Avery, too. What a blessing.
This fight is all about...our kids and grandkids. Guess healthcare doesn't matter if you don't have people your life to love.
Interesting how we NEVER see @realDonaldTrump enjoying the company of his young son.... That poor kid is going to have a void in his heart.
My guess is his mother is trying to shield him from toxic father influence. Wouldn't you? Look at the other apples that fell close.
America stands with Barron!
You and your 48 followers stand with Bannon.  The rest of us think he probably smells 
Barron NOT Bannon. Bannon definitely a smells like vodka and meth
Oops...  my mistake... Glad to see your olfactory nerves are working well.. 
These pictures made me smile so big.
You mean these
https://twitter.com/sodamnsexual/status/890658559175921665 …
Same here.
Dear Al, I don't much care for kids, any kids.  I ream Sarah Huckleberry Scammers when she interjects her kids.  It's stupid.  Stop it
Bet they could lead this nation with more competence than the current wanabe king. Make America Smart Again #ImpeachTheEntireAdministration
Thank you and your grandchildren are so beautiful
A great man with a great heart!
Except for the middleclass! #medicareforall just not with the #democrats 
Thanks for all you do.
Al, I have a bone to pick with you. I went to your "sponsored lunch" and it blew. You weren't funny at all. Get some new material man!
Beautiful grand kids, Senator
You know another person who is great with kids: @ObamaPlusKids will make your day!
Thank you Sen. Franken!
Oy j@momim
very nice
Soooo stinking adorable! I love them all but the one laying down is my fave. 
Precious.
Jesus, Al. Please be our president someday...like a 2020 palate/sanity cleanser. You're perfect for it. Really.
Thank you for your integrity!
I would love it if you would run for President!
Please help secure a Medicare for All Single Payer healthcare program for your grandchildren and ours, Senator Franken. #SinglePayer
You're awesome. That is all.
Hope they will have a democracy!
How about we all pay for our own kids in America? I'm running out of $$ between paying fed taxes, California taxes ...
Thank you for all your hard work!
Single Payer NOW.
Beautiful pictures.
Adorable!
So you're fighting for single payer then?
I Al Franken. Thank You For Fighting for all of us
Please, please. PLEASE run for president.  Reagan did bedtime for bonzo.  You've faced worse in Senate. Come on.  We need reason
Please run for president.
They are adorable!  Enjoy every minute!
They are adorable
Adorable - they will keep you young.
Now it's time to start fighting for a single payer healthcare system.
The babies keep us ALL grounded.  Keep up the good work.
Thank you, Sen. Franken, from a suburban Chicago bubbe whose kids and brilliant (of course) 9 and 11 year-old grandsons live MN. Shalom
Franken 2020!
Please keep fighting. And keep your optimism.
Nice work, Senator. Those kids will grow up to be very proud of you.
I wish they'd voted too!
Loved you in the train scene of Trading Places. For real.
Yes but clearly not fighting for single payer. Could you kindly be more vague Senator ? Thanks 
Thank you.
Senator, single payer health care is the way to go, it's what people want. Are you a bought rep like others? What you fighting then, for $?
Of course you are the most wonderful grandpa in the world.  Who would doubt it?
#soulvitamins

Thanks for all you do! Keep up the good work!
Run for president.
Then you should be fighting for #MedicareForAll so that they never have to worry about how to pay big medical bills and consider suicide.
Time flies for you (& us) -My wife and I remember seeing you pushing your daughter around in a stroller as you did your shopping at Zabars
Omg the cutest 
That last picure tho...
Well we all know you're good enough, you're strong enough, and doggone it people like you
Me, too, Senator!
GrandPa's Girl is already spoiled.
Thank you for fighting Senator! You Mick Jagger impersonation is still one of my SNL favs!!

Too cute!!! Wait till they're old enough to realize their grandpa is one of the many American heroes!!!!
You're a good man Al Franken.
Senator does the PopPop thing really well Kid don't fake it. This is true love all around
My Senator. 

Omigod how cute izzat?
Thank you!
Run for president! Please!
Lovely and keep fighting sir the world needs you
Pretty darn cute.
All I see from you is pandering..
Easy to be on the side of your grandchildren, but can you give your opinion on #SinglePayer , #healthcare which all children need?
Sure helps keep your priorities straight doesn't it!
Good on you, Sen. Franken!
PS: Perchance, have you looked in on the toddler at 1600?
I hear that he's in REAL need of adult supervision!
Could you get any more lovable?! 
@SenFranken i love these pix!! Thanks for always fighting for our future Americans! Keep it up!
Thanks Sen Franken for fighting for my grand & great grandchildren also. What's good for one of us is good for all of us.
Hope u introduced them to Bernie Sanders so they could see what POTUS should look like
We love our grandkids!!
In some states our representatives don't hear the voice of #WeThePeople We are proud that you can be our voice too.  We appreciate you.
And that is why I think you should run for president!  You have more common sense than the entire republican party!  Keep up the good work!
Run for president! We need a reasonable person in the office!!
suggest signatures 2 oust scarimucci=behavior unbecoming the WH

thank you!!!
With all due respect, "fighting for our kids' future" is total cliche. Ppl are suffering today, get lost in future talk. Dems must do better

But if they're unborn, you could care less.
On behalf on my children, I say, "Thank you sir!"  You are a good man, and the world is a better place because of your hard work.
What cuties. Congratulations Grandpa and keep. Up good work
Keep up the good fight.  Enjoy those kids.
You must be the most fun grandpa ever! Lucky little ones. Thank you for truly caring about the American people.
Lucky kiddos
Cute grandkids! Fun grandpa!
Awwww adorable!!
The rest of feel likewise brother.
Sorry, but I would not want to be a kid today. Not for what's in store in the future.
Sweet!  Avery & Joe are very lucky to have you as their Grandpa! 
Awe you can be my substitute Obama fix
Thank you for all your hard work!
"Fighting ISIS"....you forgot to say "Fighting ISIS" when fighting for your grandkids futures...cute kids!
Buying your book today because we love you here in Miami!!!
.@SenFranken These photos are terrific. Glad you had family visiting during a tough week. Thanks again for all you do.
Beautiful pic.
Coolest grandpa ever.
They're adorable and you're great.
Being 64, can't help notice how many elder seniors 8-15 years older, seem to live in an alternate 1950's reality.
Grandchildren are the greatest gifts one can receive.
Perfect! Great photos!
Thank you for fighting for the American people.
You're the best!

Keep fighting. 
@SenFranken - I know it would be difficult and unpleasant, but please consider running for President.  We need you now more than ever.
Adorable children..ya done good !!
That speaks volumes!!! 

They are adorable!  Thank you for saving health care for America's children.
Oy j@momim
Thank you for doing so. Blessing on your family.
Lyo @
After this terrible week, thx for photos that made me smile.
Thank you. My kids are why I'm still kicking and screaming. Literally, and politically.
Cute
Sen. Franken, I love you like crazy cakes!
Good reason!
Thank you and adorable grandkids! 
Thank you. Keep up the good fight and save us from Trump & the power hungry GOP who care nothing for average working families.
Ahh, so sweet, love it
You're great
So cute.
Adorbs
My cat's name is Avery! It means: king of the elves.
Thank you!
Can we have you as President?
Love this Senator Franken--thank you for being a hopeful voice in the Senate at a time we really need it--
It's so wonderful seeing you thoroughly enjoying your grand kids and haven't a break from the gov't. chaos.
Thank you, Senator Franken.
Those are the critical 'life' breaks you (we) all need. Darling grandkids
If @SenFranken were a pro athlete we'd call these good sports babies!
Thank you!

I love these photos! They remind me of little John Kennedy Jr playing under the desk in the Oval Office. 
We appreciate you Senator !!
Lucky Grandchildren, Senator @alfranken 

hell of a gene pool
Thank you
I love that you are my senator and that your as personable as they come..
@SenFranken is quite a catch to have as your rep. Very dedicated & smart, works hard for his constituents & he has a great sense of humor.
@SenFranken does his homework & I trust he's busting his butt working for us.The pictures show any grandpa enjoying his grandkids.POTUS2020
I wasn't criticizing. I agree with you sincerely. The pics are great too. I am glad he got to see his family.
Beautiful. My great niece's name is Averie Rose
please give me a break!! You only care about power that's it!
Your lack of games for your grandkids disgusts me. J/k. Happy Days!
Then why don't you draft a bill to balance the budget and pay off the debt. We are leaving kids & their future with a terrible mess
Adorable!!!!!
They're adorable 
come on al your to young to be a grandfather
Mazal Tov on being able to enjoy your precious ones.
Aw cuties
best politician/kid pics since @Obamapluskids
They're very cute, Senator. So nice to see how much you're enjoying them.
You're a good man Senator Franken. Thank you.
Sen. Al Franken, @SenFranken, IF YOU run for President in 2020, you will have MY VOTE.
Thanks for reminding us about "normal and wholesome!"
Well said Stuart Smalley
Mine too. Sweet, innocent little ones I do not want growing up under Trump's agenda.
Why I'm here too Senator. I can't rest until sanity has been restored & my children's future is protected.

Sweet moments... Now give everyone's grandkids health care.
Thank you! And, my grandchildren thank you, too! 
@btach2014 so precious and a great reason to keep fighting the good fight!  Thanks for your leadership!
Same here.  
Keep up the good work.  From Rochester
Love it!! 
That is the reason why we all keep fighting for.  Your the best Sir keep up the good work. Semper Fi
