A man who anonymously posted inflammatory blog posts, who relied upon info from news sources that publish lies shouldn't be a federal judge.
And Damien Schiff, nom for U.S. Court of Federal Claims, does not deserve to be a federal judge or a lifetime appointment.
Where do they find these people?  They wade through all the good people to get to the bottom dregs of society?
The KKK
Thank you AlWe appreciate your trying 
Did you ever think you'd see a POTUS who hates Americans so much? #disgusting
yap yap yap yap. shummr head clown al deputy clown.maxine tail clown.
#StuartSmalleyRocks
John Bush is in...didnt work out so well for you did it?
No more appts until we sort out the Russian collusion.
Once these treasonous bastards go down everyone of trumps nominations need to be null & void. President Hillary Clinton has better choices!
I think we deserve a re-election. I feel like Trump stole the WH.
I think we deserve an impeachment and all associations of #NotMyPresident get the hell out of Washington!!  Like yesterday!!
John Bush is differently not suited!
What would it take you to change your mind?
Are the Repubs rubber stamping these wingnuts?
No bad Judegements, please.
@realDonaldTrump nice vetting of you nominee.  Absurd, unqualified and a bigot.
And also is the FBI director that you said gave a great interview when his sole reason is to FIRE Mueller and stop the Russian investigation
But Senator Franken, you are surrounded by white Nationalist at this hearing who ride the coattails of the Nationalist administration.
Al, from the looks of it you are the only one watching the store...thanks for that and more
Sen franken love that you don't pull no punches!
You call it out like it is
You need to write legislation that any appointments, legislation, etc. Is voided due to illegal election aka no president was elected
When 'Don the Con' Trump is POTUS & 'Jim-Crow Jeff' Sessions is AG, I dont' think the word 'suitable' is suitable for anything anymore
Whatever the "Giant of the Senate" decides.  I'm with him.
Ill just take your word for it 
Nail those traitors and don't give in
Thank you.
What should we, citizens, do?
I love Al Franken--he isn't mean-spirited, but he does not mince words, or suffer fools gladly.
Thank you for standing up for our country
Thank you, Senator! Your voice is greatly appreciated.
To quote a recently flummoxed journalist, "what the hell."
Franken shoots from the hip without fanfare. Thank you Senator. @Michael36776349
Thank you Al for your leadership and honesty.
When do these people get voted on?  How can we participate?
With a name like Bush, he has to be bad. Just sayin' :-) #TheUSDeservesBetterThanWhatTheNeoConArtistsAreShovingDownOurThroats #Vote2018
If you think he's not fit for the job, he is!
Fifty-one votes. Thank you, Sen. Reid.
Thanks for fighting the good fight. Hope 2018 elections give you/us the power to stop GOP shredding our democracy.
Glad to see someone doing some due diligence!
Stay strong Al!
SHUT IT ALL DOWN UNTIL WE KNOW OUR ELECTION WAS LEGITAMATE AND WE DON'T HAVE A TRAITOR AS POTUS.
Thank you for stepping forward on this! Anyone fool enough to believe "birtherism" lacks the intellect/character to be a federal judge.
Glad your ability to make that decision is limited .@SenFranken.  #RadicalizedDemocrats are the last ppl I want picking judges of my rights
Agreed. We don't need more people w/bad judgment.
A strong, clear, no nonsense democrat in Congress! Can we clone Al Franken?
He is a member of the Federalist Society which wants to increase Presidential power. He would move America closer to authoritarianism.
Thank you, Senator Franken.
Thank you for FIGHTING
This idiot pick the worst people. He's making a morckery out of system of gov't, he figures if he can be President anyone can be in office.
Trump administration picking the rotten apples to be judges. 
Thank you for your diligence and research. We need this kind of scrutiny for lifetime appointees.
So is Chris Wray. #REJECTWray #NoWayToWray!!
Thank you!!!  Did others applaud and say thank God you pointed this out?!
You sir are a shining light and I applaud and respect your dedication to you job as a US Senator.  Than you.
you really have become the voice thank you
Thank you for standing up for *all* of us by speaking out against these nominees, who are truly beyond the pale.
I agree. ..keep up the good work!
I trust your opinion,  how do we support you?
Thanks for being vigilant
What a horrifying choice as a judge.  Dog catcher maybe, but not a 6th circuit judge.
Al Franken for PRESIDENT..!
Block them. How many seats did GOP refuse to fill for Obama? They played dirty and deserve it back
There ya go thinking again. You sucked as a comedian now you double suck as a whatever you are.
We need more of you.
Seems like a good call. Nice job
Of course, he is not.  Your questioning of him proved that.
@senjudiciary no on Bush.. come on...with Obama comments.... for appeals court?
Thank you for your opinion. I urge my senators @SenMarkey @SenWarren to vote "No" with you
Talk about obstruction.  Republicans held up so many Obama nominees Trump has over 100 seats to fill. 
https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/trump-to-inherit-more-than-100-court-vacancies-plans-to-reshape-judiciary/2016/12/25/d190dd18-c928-11e6-85b5-76616a33048d_story.html …
Having argued in front of the 6th several times, including en banc, I would HATE to see this!
Thank you for being YOU! Keep up the good fight. We need you!
Hey Al
Like I said.
At minute 1:46 that person to your left hit the wall and held up "the bird" on the side of his right cheek, disguised with a pencil.
Bush...where have I heard that name before?
Why, because he believes in law and order and the constitution?
Thank you, Senator Franken. You're a treasured life preserver in this sea of madness.
Thank you for doing your job. You're right, the blogs of #JohnBush show a spectacular lack of judgment and acumen. #Franken2020
Agree
(2/2) This crime family has to be deposed NOW before the damage they're inflicting on this nation becomes irreparable. If it hasn't already.
Thank you Senator Franken
And being some washed up, half-wit comedian makes you an authority on what, exactly?  Your are still funny, Al...Funny in the head!
Where are they getting these nutjobs that they are putting up for confirmation. KKK meetings?
So much chaos, hard to keep track.  Thanks, Senator, for being on top of this.
The idiots truly are running the asylum.  Thanks Sen Franken for all your efforts to restore some kind of decency.
(1/2) Yet another reason why assurances that "Bob Mueller will get to the bottom of this" "in a year or more" are woefully inadequate.
Thank you for being our voice.
Trump keep s Blowing it And Everthing will turn blue I tried to help GOP get a Backbone T stop A House of Cards TrumpAdministration @RWPUSA
I wish you were my senator
thank you so much for fighting the good fight on so many fronts
Well, he sounds DELIGHTFUL. Can't you guys stop him? If GOP ever wanted to prove it's not racist, NOW would be the time
you know, by the time this Trump nightmare ends, we will have single payer healthcare, crying rich bastards, and no more GOP.
You were also correct about Jeff Sessions 
Even in this uncharacteristically inarticulate two-minute speech, Franken blows the nominee out of the water.
Thank Senator Franken
Franken, you are the best!  I live next door in Wisc & all the nightmares that are going on here.  I would relocate to minn to have you!
Absolutely agree!
Thank you, @SenFranken. You must be exhausted.  Please know your work & voice are very much appreciated!
Makes you go hmmmm
So thankful for you, Al.
Franken 2020
Based on what? Your vast experience in the legal system?  Or, your obstructionist agenda?
Birtherism. We see where that got us!!! Do these people still exist?
Yes, & for their inflammatory & racist BS, they get to be federal judges! Which, I believe, is for LIFE! Sucks to be us right now...
Not for long. I see the tides changing.. 2018 2020
 #Resist
You are probably right.
Probably? Just sayin.....
Keep up the great work Sen Franken! 
Thank you. Agree these nominations are unsuitable.
