A new poll has you beating Trump for president in 2020 46-38 percent:
Shut up you little grand standing weasel. You won by fraud. You continue to promote frauds. Go back to being in funny.
Can Trump's tax returns be looked into as evidence of possible collision?
Well good for you. This should belp your self absorbing worthiness.
That's good Al,I also want him to investigate Clinton/Russia speaking fees? Uranium sales,Susan Rice/Russia issues unmasking of Americans?
Yeah, well, let's see how he behaves and where his loyalties lie before we have a party. I SO hope this is good news.
I feel cautious too we have been deceived lied to tricked & attacked by this corrupt admin so much
86% HIS CAMPAIGN CONTRIBUTORS IS THE VATICAN& THATS AGAINST FARA /ITS A FOREIGN ENTITY/GOVERNMENT/ESTABLISHMENT WHICH NEEDS AMBASS. PROVING
Now let's get back to Sessions:
THAT THEY NOT ONLY VIOLATED FARA THEY THEN HAD CHURCH N STATE REMOVED SO THEY COULDNT BE PROSECUTED FOR IT/THE CHURCHES ARE ALL TIED TO ROME
PENCE IS LYING @RepCummings sent him the letter re: Flynn's conflicts Nov. 8, 2016 @MarkWarner @RepAdamSchiff @Repswalwell @JoyAnnReid
Very disappointed in all democrats. Growing up we showed respect to our President. Now I see how each of you have not grown up yet!!!
They will find that the democrats violated government security protocols, allowing hackers easy access to sensitive information
Thank you.
Upcoming elections demand all politicians reveal tac returns.
Will he look into collusion of the Democratic campaign too? Your candidate gave them $20 billion of uranium!!
why would he investigate fake news? We want to get rid of all the putin planted garbage move on grow up we have real problems
What about Mueller's connections to WilmerHale?
When you get done patting yourself on the back, could you work on some tax reform?  Or work on anything?
dems have been pretty busy trying to protect women, labor, environment, rights, liberty democracy from dictator
Keep telling yourself that
DemocRats your Russian Trump talking point gone: Murdered DNC staffer Seth Rich passed off docs to WikiLeaks http://dailycaller.com/2017/05/16/confirmed-murdered-dnc-staffer-passed-off-documents-to-wikileaks/ …
Good start, but a SELECT COMMITTEE is essential too.  Please do what you can!  Thank you!
@SenateDems you were a great comedian.  Still are. I love your comedic role as a senator
@SenateDems Agree. It's time we got the truth about Hillary server, the Russian Reset, Pay to Play, quid pro quo Speaking Fees.
Will they release what the investigation can/will cover?   Ex: is Trump trying to influence Comey in scope?
The cost of this? Does this mean Hillary Clinton will be prosecuted? If you do something do it all the way.
Oh your so great liar liar
@SenFranken it's up to you & other @SenateDems assure "3 sticks Bob" Mueller gets staff & budget he needs to run a successful investigation.
Go, Al, go.
You can keep it up and soon you will all go home
Mueller no good. Repubs always circle the wagons around their own.
Mueller confirmation 98-0 as FBI Director.
Better have backup: Trump can not only fire Rosenstein, he can also fire Special Counsel Mueller.
Mueller should hire Comey!
Thank you 4 cont. to push 4 a special prosecutor. UR actions have helped restore faith of the People and shown we are a Country of Laws
Please Frankenstein, of course you welcome the appointment so al can go back to sleep... worthless.
Go back to SNL because you're an unfunny JOKE
Lets hope the investigations flow into the trump empire. Any criminal activity of trump family friends associates found, prosecuted them all
Really I Obama killed that
Why didn't you ask for an independent counsel?
Plz look into the Republicans mentioned in Washington Post article "I Think Putin Pays Trump": K McCarthy, D Rohrabacher, P Ryan
Please look into comey blocking Clinton from jail
Thank you Al for being out in front of this effort from the beginning #Impeach45 UniteBlue #TheResistance
BYW I think you should run for President in 2020. 
I'm so relieved that we have a reputable special prosecutor! You must be too.
Why do the democrats want 2 stifle the economy & keep people down? This is obvious from the crash in 08/09 & the surge 16/17~ this is policy
Why will this take years as I've heard? He needs impeachment & conviction
So does Hilary
No one cares what you urge - you are completely irrelevant in so many ways
Should have been careful what you wished for. Us Trump supporters love this. Finally someone to bring out the truth!
When is Al Frankenstein going to wake up from his SNL fantasy world that Russia and Trump ever conspired ??? In 2018 the swamp drains!
That's one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind
Thank you for your loyalty to the American people and to integrity, Senator!!! 
You really believe that wait you thought you was winning in 16
Thank you Senator Franken for your leadership and pressure on GOP to make this happen. You country appreciates your efforts.
What about an independent commission? Will you demand an independent commission?@SenFranken
He's not independent though. We need an independent commission.
Thank you Sen. Franken. U r a true patriot, unlike MOST OF THE @GOP.

@SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr #FlipItDem #FlipItDem #FlipItDem  #resist
Yes is the bottom of it
Now what? Will take awhile for results of special counsel. What are u all going to do? So far nothing. Is that going to continue?
@SenFranken we hope this doesn't take years. We want to be free of 45 asap and take our country back. Every day he is dismantling our gov.
Yes he is freeing the middle class deplorables
Thank you
Special prosecutor!
Thank you!
Thank you for urging Rosenstein for the special counsel.
 Franken/Warren- for 2020 elections.
@SenFranken 2020 PLEASE run!
@SenFranken Thank-you for working for US.
We don't give a shit what you think!
We sure do. Now go away comrade troll.
You should go away and start saving for the debt he and Obama put your children under!
Thanks for your constant and rational leadership. Not sure why you don't want to run for president. Seems like a simple job.
This is a huge step in the right direction.
Thank you for being a consistent voice for all of us!!!
An independent commission is still necessary. Please continue pushing for that as well.
Rosensteins revenge 
#SpecialCounsel
I Love me some Al Frankenstein!
It's about time!
Damn! Maybe the message I sent him last week actually did some good. Then again probably not. I can always dream.
No one cares what you think.
I'll sleep a little easier tonight. Let's see where this goes. 
I miss Air America Al, keep em honest!
Thank you Senator Franken.
Yes! It's about time
Thank you for your tenacity, Sir!
Oh yeah, its all about you.
What r u going to do when he doesn't find anything? Good try though!
Correction "We" welcome..
You rock!
you have done a great job inspiring and leading - thank you
You must be kidding right!!!??
Keep up the great work!!!!!!
SCORE ONE FOR THE GOOD GUYS!
@SenateMajLdr @POTUS @DanaRohrabacher 
Putin’s favorite congressman http://politi.co/2fPdle2  via @politico
Thank you for your tenacity! Keep it up and I look forward to voting for you for prez in 2020!!
Adult supervision FINALLY
