.@SenFranken SPAM may be made in Minnesota, but it's first in Hawaii (and @SenSchumer's) hearts. Happy 80th Birthday, SPAM! 
This spam was made for you and me!!!!

@datagoodies Hey Sen Franken--bought & read your book. Thought you were supposed to be practicing NOT being funny!!???? (LOL!)
U toosenarors
As the Monty Python cast would say, "Spam, Spam, Spam, Spam"...
I thought you lost your funny bone when you were elected, but I was wrong!!! From the redwood cannerys to the Gulf Stream fisheries .....
thiSPam approves..  LOL
I never understood the Hawaiian obsession with Spam

why are you spamming twitter with nonsense
Had SPAM for the 1st time in 40+ yrs. the other day. SALT, SALTY, TOO MUCH SALT and did I mention SALT?
I'm sorry, what's that? You really think it's salty? I mean, just a little salty? Or really salty? I can't quite tell by your comment.
Visiting Alaska right now and found out they have the second most consumption of Spam after Hawaii
That's good news for Austin, Minnesota. Minnesotans don't eat that.
SPAM should be declared the official American almost meat
Only if it's SPAM masubi, right, @maziehirono?
Fried Spam sandwiches, my childhood favorite. #HappyBirthdaySpam
They were better than fried bologna but not by much lol
Loved your answer!
I just scared my son from laughing so loud....this is so great!! 
And the Spam museum in Austin MN is worth a visit!
Can't wait for the music video with Sen Franken
Let's watch chucky  eat some spam, go on chuck it's good
This is beneath your office, Al.
Have you got ANYTHING without SPAM in it?
Spam Spam Spam Spam!
Spam, Spam, Spam, Spam. Spam, Spam, Spam, Spam.
I just wrote the same spam thing, with a few less spams. Were you thinking of, men men men men men men men men, from, movie_______?
No, Men in Tights? Good one. 
Montey Python's Spam was 1st 2 mind.
Now hungry for spam musubi!
Lol
I remember Spam on the menu in National Lampoon's Foreigners issue.
Great song , This Spam was made for you and me.
It's pretty darn popular in Guam, too.
It's like Minnesota & Hawaii have a baby together & that baby is SPAM! Cutest co-parents ever!
Do the surviving members of Monty Python  know about this?
Diced Spam in ramen noodle soup is one of my favorite comfort foods.
U too senators and congressman and supreme court justices get off ur asses and combat the evil in the White House redemption day is near
No
One visit to the SPAM Jam was enough. Spambolia still haunts my dreams...
And Guam!  Scientifically prepared assorted meat.  Gotta love it.
Hahahahaha!
Well spammit! I forgot to buy some. I'll get some o my next trip to the store.
If you ever want to know how phony politicians are (left or right), just look at them smile while eating SPAM
Awww, you guys are so cute! Nice people are so much better than republicans.
Go SPAM! There's a whole Diners, Drive-in's I think on SPAM. Or there should be.
You didn't build that SPAM, we did.
You're just asking someone to flood this post with junk mail replies, you know. 
Shut up you Vikings. (See what I did there?)
LOL!!!!!

You do know what SPAM stands for right??? Some Parts Are Meat ...

I'm a big fan of Spam and you @SenFranken


Reported for SPAM
SEN, a big shout out to the fine residents of Austin MN who produce the best damned Pork shoulder and Gel  aka SPAM in the world .from KS
Love that fried SPAM
But does Hawaii have a Spam Museum? MN does:
To the sad stream waters?
About to start reading your book.  Hope it's this funny.
@maziehirono This SPAM was made for you and me!!! 
Hate you! Now my Hubby is singing it.-Lin from SSF,CA, where SPAM is pretty popular here too.

Let's hope we can celebrate healthy options in the future;)
SPAM Museum, Austin, Mn. Hey don't forget about #Guam SPAM is a huge part of Guam's diet.
I sang along 
I must admit the melody was going thru my head when I was reading it. 
You're not the only one…
Spam is maps backwards.

Spamerica
Can't wait until SPAM isn't made out of sentient, highly-sophisticated dog-like fellow Earthlings! 
Ahhhhhhhhhhh! Soil and green?
I love Spam!
And let no one forget, SPAM's birthplace is Nebraska. And friendly Nebraskans are happy to share with all.
And this is why we all love @SenFranken

