Watch you... EVERYTIME YOUR ON.. THANKYOU FOR ALWAYS DOING AND SPEAKING OUT TO THE RIGHT THING.  ALSO, WE LOVE YOUR COMEDY,
You mean softball. Loser show. Why are you discussing what's happening instead of leading to move our country forward?Work for all Americans
Now that's funny
Maybe start doing a podcast similar to @SenSanders could very well connect with Minnesotans and the nation better in messaging.
You did great! I also think you can be prez. You are Trump's opposite. As you said, that is ideal.  "Fire in the belly" will come to ya...
Plus what the US needs is a good laugh. I'll betcha you can make Kim Jong-un give up his nukes with that penis Buddy Hackett joke. Surely.
Proud to call you my senator!
My 20 year old son and his 63 year old mother campaigned for Obama. I will support you. Go for it Senator Franken.
I will. Hope he actually lets you speak! He interrupts & talks over his guests too much for me. But I'll watch to see you Al
Oh, now THAT'S articulate. Must be one of the deplorables that can't spell. Sad
You did a fantastic job.  Wish you were in Maine! You could take on our resident goof governor, LePage!
I wish he was in Maine as well. He is an inept fraud.
Sorry cannot watch the Democratic Channel (MSNBC). Know critical thinking there where two-sides are compared and contrasted. Just one-sided
#FrankenWarren2020
Not a chance, I don't waste time listening to Marxist idiots
Great Job, Sen. It's hard to answer the ?'s posed to you, when the man won't shut up.. you did a good job....
Remember that @realDonaldTrump's approval ratings are higher than Congress & the Media combined. You & Chris criticizing him is meaningless.
Good interview. Thanks.
It was so annoying the way Chris Matthews kept interrupting you.  I would have preferred to hear what you had to say.
Birds of a feather screw up America together!
Embarrassed to call you my Senator. You are inept.
Not watching you play with balls
#alfrankenforpresident
Please run for president.
You did a great job going toe to toe with Chris, and getting a word in edgewise. Thanks for all you do.
Thanks for your service in the Senate.
Sorry he doesn't give his guest time to express themselves before he interrupts.
You were really great 
Thank You
Chris does have a challenging interview style, but I agree with him that I could see u as president.
Dreamers need a path to citizenship.
Great show! Good comments and love your sense of humor!
I just watched.  Very cool as usual
I really enjoyed watching you being interrupted constantly on @hardball.
You are a treasure sir.
Watching. Make us proud.
Listening now-need to talk faster to finish a sentence w/ Chris Matthews-PLEASE block Trump's picks for NY judges-trying to stack the deck
Hope you can give us any hope whatsoever. America is tail spinning. #ImpeachTrumpNow
I like you sir. I encourage you to run for USA President. I trust you.
Am an Ohio Democrat and loved President  Obama.
Hope you spell out Trump and Sessions ,"law of the land" and "rule of law". Someone needs to explain how they are wrong.
Franken 2020!
Wish he gave you more time to answer his questions. The book is great btw!
Good job, @SenFranken. I especially liked that part where @HardballChris almost let you finish a sentence before interrupting.
Biden / Franken 2020
Looking great on Hardball!  Please consider #Franken/Gillibrand2020
Now if Chris would just let you finish a sentence. He's the worst guy on TV to TRYto talk to. KNOCK IT OFF CHRIS!!
Yes, patience! Robert Mueller will get this right.  Not only collusion, obstruction of justice!
And loving your new book, Al Franken, Giant of the Senate by you, Al Franken, giant of the Senate.
Senator Al Franken.  Let that sink in.
@HardballChris WAS RIGHT. YOU WOULD MAKE A GREAT PRESIDENT
Sanders /Franken 2020(either, or, both?
Hit them with common sense, logic & facts.
Watching now. You're doing great!
watching
Watching, Al!
I'll check the rebroadcast, seriously! But, as it's the bane of getting the message across, unfortunately, there's a Baseball  game on 
Thank you Senator
I can't make it but it's good to know you'll be well taken care of..and wear a hat.
Why don't you go on someone who will challenge your views?  Someone like @TuckerCarlson or @seanhannity You aren't discussing views.
ALWAYS SENATOR FRANKEN!
God I hope you can get a word in crosswise
Of course being male will help
Awaiting!
Just put it on!
one of my fav senators 
Thanks, tuning in now.
@ is that a television program?
Yay Al !!
Franken 2020!
Pull no punches, sir.
Oh, we'll be tuning in.
