do “I don’t recall” and “I am going to obstruct congress and dare you to charge me” count?
Always with the humor!
He did...your still confused..?
Didn't happen. Only proves he's in bed w/ DT & the Russians. He doesn't care that our election was hacked--he's not outraged
You realize, DT waited for orders right after the election? Yes, from Putin! They're all in bed w/ Putin! Putin controls DT&WH
BTW, I want both Burr & Cornyn removed from IC--the way they're acting about truth, they're afraid of it.Has Putin bribed them?
Are u aware that DT &Flynn had plans/orders to gut IC/NSA/CIA/FBI/all institutns govt bodies/Senate& Congress? @AGSchneiderman
This is precisely why Sessions lies continuously under oath.He knows &was burned by Kislyak's phone calls &MIC
Well the real question Sessions answered was whether he'll be forthright.
And that answer was NO.
#RussiaGate 
#TrumpGate
Well, Al, that didn't happen. Why NO CONTEMPT OF CONGRESS CHARGES!
Seriously?
He didn't. He's going to defend himself all the way to the River Styx.
He's stonewalling!
Never happened he is a paid liar and proved that to you initially!
Well hope ran into partisan Stonewalling by a man who should never been approved for the job to begin with. #IdontRememberAnything
Well Sessions DID NOT!  PERJURY SESSIONS MUST RESIGN!
Franken, the only crime committed is you Democrats pretending you are doing something...#democratsobstruct.
it was a nice thought, anyway
He didnt
It was such a joke. An aggravating long joke. Put the elf back on his shelf. He is what he is and until he gets the boot with remain so.
Thanks
PL
I would offer an update, but you tweeted too quickly thus I am nervous & can't recall a thing, but I am really mad about it!
Do you feel you got the information needed?
He lied under oath...again!
He's a lieing sack of 
Well he did not . So why don't you hold him in contempt! You are all too cozy!
What type of message does it send where you can lie under oath?
Have you noticed that Sessions has never spoken out publicly against Russian hacking or the bots attacking all voting machines?
Sadly, as expected, he didn't.
I don't recall...
Old man amnesia 
Not suprised he dodged and deflected and lied under oath again. Shameful. #impeach and #jail
Well we know that didn't happen. I wonder what all the republicans are going to do when voted out of office in 2018?
Watching
I have more respect for the Keebler elf than I have for Sessions. Poor elf getting a bad rap for looking like him. Lol
Point taken.  I neex to stop denigrating the elves.  
#RealElvesDontLie
Well, hope springs eternal, doesn't it...?
The only answers he needs to provide is bringing to light all the Democratic corruption together with Sorros and six traitors Repoblicans
When you say you "hope".....
Well AG managed to evade and stone wall, like Jackson.
#BlessHisLyingHeart
#IDon'tRecall
Stonewalled
"I Hope" nice Al!
Hope? Not the Trump kind of hoping.
He didn't. Lied with a grin. Just like trump pence Flynn Ryan McConnell
He certainly provided enough info to the American people about you.  How does it feel to be included in his opening? 
What are you doing to stop the AHCA?
No he did not. You expected different? I suspect cabinet as conspirators to obstruct justice
Whaddya think?
You can hope in one hand and crap in the other....want to guess which one gets filled first by Sessions? 
Sure wish Lois Lerner would've, too.
Well, he can't help us because he just doesn't recall anything.  The poor guy has memorty issues.
Guess not, eh Al?
Just guessing you weren't pleased with the testimony. The #American people weren't either. #Sessions proved to put the #Potus45 over #Truth
He did not. He is a liar.
Uh... nope.
Quit wasting time and money. There is nothing there.
#StewartSmalleyforpresident
He lied
He won't - he will evade and kiss the butt of Trump. He is as disappointing as all the others who put party ahead of country.
I'm sure he won't
Jeff Sessions is small potatoes compared with cuts in health care Medicaid food stamps & taxes for the very rich.
Ask him if he thinks in hindsight if he believes Comey was fired by Trump bc of the Russian investigation
You realize if any citizen impedes an investigation they are arrested and thrown into jail without hesitation.

Def of "Stone Walling " https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stonewalling …
That little smirk of his counts!
That doesn't appear to be the case right now
You should admit that your question to the AG was a set up You babbled, joked and w/o Fu casually asked a general question about meeting
Not happening so far my friend
Help! Sessions is a nutcase. Recalls nothing! Answers nothing!
#SessionsHearing
hey you need to stop asking "long rambling questions" LMAO @jeffsessions said of your ? re: #russianmeetings #SessionsHearing
He will lie with a straight face.
He is providing answers. Not truthful answers, but ya can't have everything.
Yeah, he's not doing that
I heard Trump is trying to force all nursing home suits to go to arbitration. How many nursing homes does Trump own?
No answers that I've seen. Just denial.
LOL This is pathetic. If our AG can't recall, he should not be AG. Oh, and BTW, it's your fault. 
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
I'm just hoping he tells the truth, I know, slim chance
Hope in what hand and shit in the other...
The witch hunt continues on! There is nothing here but stupid looking dems who need to return paychecks for obstruction of progressing USA
Doesn't look that way. It looks exactly like a complete partisan shit show!
I'm going to spread his testimony on my rosebeds.
How about truthful answers? He has answers, just don't think we can trust them to be accurate or truthful.
I hope you can keep your stupid questions to a minimum
He already called you a "rambler".
Geeez..talk about rambling...Sessions is so insincerely reading his speech...
Exclusive info: Real threat2 #Trump: exposing his long-term business deals #MoneyLaundering #Russia $ linked2 #Putin
The more I hear from you the more you sound like the Rush Limbaugh you called an idiot.
There is a special counsel, not a special prosecutor
Yet, Mike. Yet.
there is a significant difference between hoping and putting money on it. i would not advise the later ;)
Your ears must be ringing right now....
Ansers? Yes. Truth? No.
The lying sack of sht keebler elf said murder rates are higher than since the 60's - FACT CHECK: FALSE! lowest in 47-50 yrs #SessionsHearing
you are saying "hope" are you charging him, forcing him or directing him?
I wouldn't count on it.  All they do is skirt the truth.
He lied before,  he'll  do it again. If Trump goes under  oath  he WILL lie. If  he fires Mueller get  Congress to rehire him, keep DJT out.
Don't hold your breath
#Sessions omg!!! I cant watch this. He's lying!!! His cracking smiles. Remember, the Devil doesnt always wear a red cape
I'm sure he'll talk but why would he provide answers?
Better keep your questions simple since multiple syllables sound like "rambling". Maybe just "why did you lie under oath?"
So far it's been a jerkoff
I don't think he has any actual intelligence to offer.
The keebler elf just said your questioning to him was "rambling" LMAO What's wrong with you Al? Were you rambling? !!! #SessionsHearing
I'm not counting on it. Kennedy didn't trust him. Sessions lied to him, he lies to us. He is not fit for office.
He's lying!!!!! #Session cracking smiles
No one cares. Straighten up the democrat scandals maybe.
Oh, he will answer,truthfully?
See, he cracked a smile
YOU are a liar!!!!
I do to but not holding my breath
Hope the truth will be revealed so you guys can move on and start focusing on the real issues for Americans.
Watch his facial expressions now
With "honest" answers.
Too bad the president can't be trusted to tell the truth.  Too bad Sessions believes he does.  This is so sad! 
We're talking about your CORRUPTION #Sessions
Nash he won't.
Lol
Ok, we're not talking about that
#Sessions = #LIAR
You should just head back to SNL. Dagawnit you're just not American enough to be a senator
He's smiling
Recollections & didn't understand
We will have to read between the lies it seems. Thanks for your hopefulness.
AG Sessions just stated: You asked him a rambling questions when Sessions voluntary said; He never met any Russian's.
#Sessions is lying. Watch his facial expressions and body movement
Looks just like a Clinton.
Please @alfranken Roast this POS Crook!
If only you hadn't "rambled" so much!
this tweet is rambling. /s
Oh no way, he's blaming you
He just accused you of a "rambling question" it was not rambling. You were reading breaking news. It's strange,Session is acting strange.
[watching] can you believe this BS he's spouting about you? omg
You are a partisan hack Al. Sessions will make you look like the Dim you are.
15 minutes in and he's lying already. Is the FBI waiting outside the room to cuff him on perjury charges?
Apparently he responded to yr " rambling" question. Lol  Oh Al... yr such a rambler!

A Trump "hope" or a regular hope?
Doesn't sound like it so far...
He seems to be blaming you for asking a question that caused him to lie.
#Sessions is lying
He's lying right out of the gate!!  Get him good!
I sincerely hope your nail this liar to the wall
He's already lying about meeting with Russia! Ugh I hate this liar so much.
"Can't remember" "Do not recall" "no recollection" that's what you can expect.
Lied under oath already why wouldn't he do it again
Are you going to ask the same questions you did to Clinton?  Oh, that's right, she's allowed to do anything in your world...
You still got it.
He wont.  He has lied 3 times under oath.  Do i hear 4? 5?
I think he's lied ONE HUNDRED BILLION TIMES!  RESIST RESIST RESIST! 
That lying POS will never tell the truth.
Oh now there's that "HOPE" word again.
I hope some senator will ask him the hard questions. Doubtful
Don't we all!!  After this one can we please be done?  Was thinking that there are better things for senators to be working on.
I believe if you don't hear what you want to hear, you will call him a liar.
Ahahahahaha. So you're not through with comedy.
You and your wife are good friends with Sessions. Hope that doesn't hinder/soften your approach to him.
You are gonna be disappointed Al...
I really don't expect much honesty from Sessions. He's a snake and I don't trust a thing he says.
@SenFranken & the Demon(crats) are the most corrupt & dangerous ppl in DC. #WeThePeople are going to clean up the swamp once and for all!
I would like to see you resume your questioning of him.
Figured you lawyers are ok with a man who joked about the child rape of @robreiner .. google it
Any word on if/when AG go back before Judicial Committee?
i hope #GOP #Senators use time wisely, not to promote #propaganda
#IHope
General Jefferson Beauregard Sessions, Hero of the battle of Bullshit Run!
Why are you growing facial hair?  To demonstrate you're part of the patriarchy?
Nah.I need a waxed mustache to twist menacingly as I raise my army of gay, Mexican abortion Dr's in order to terrorize paranoid nationalists
Lordy, me too. Germany is again watching, Mr. Franken. 
Not a chance, he already looks like a deer in headlights.
I *hope* that your choice of words is the mild dig I think it is. :)
We all do!
I feel like this will be just more of the same... lies, deflection and spinning.
Yes - and I also hope that I'll win Powerball. I don't think either will happen.
If he's willing to lie in front of Judiciary, I'm guessing he's fine lying now too.
hope...  it's the "is" of Trump.
See. We understood you meant "he *better* provide" even though you used the word hope.

Cause we are smart :)
Translation: "I hope he says what we democrats want him to say!!"

He's an honorable man, you know it and we know it!!
Non-answers, lies, evasion, avoidance. You know damn good and well he's not gonna give anything up. Though hope he stick foot in mouth?
Don't forget to swear him in!!!!
Don't hold your breath.  I expect a bunch of lies.
Here come lies. So glad..havent heard any in like, 7.93 seconds. Yay.
Do your thing senator Franken! Please, you and your colleagues push back on lies and mistruths
By all means, Frankenize this perp.
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha! Still the comedian.
Should he take that as a directive?
