I’m disappointed that refugees fleeing terror and war—the most vetted group of immigrants—could be barred from finding safety in the US.
Make no mistake, we need to keep fighting this entire discriminatory ban because it does nothing to make us safer & goes against our values.
We should always work to improve and tighten security processes, but this isn't the right way. This is not who we are as a nation.
I’m hopeful that when #SCOTUS hears the travel ban case this fall, they will see it for what it is: discriminatory and unconstitutional.
Unfortunately, your peers let the alt right steal a SCOTUS seat from us. So it could turn out badly.
Correct. Including all those Americans who voted in a rep president.
Good like stopping Sens from Minn. from travel
You're just "troubled", period. You've done nothing but oppose, obstruct, & antagonize since Pres.Trump took office. 
Ur bad 4 our democracy
Senator, what is discriminatory about a few month pause from 6 countries to better vet for our safety?
Because this "pause" will turn into permanence. That's the danger. Regardless, it's against something the Const expressly forbids.
Where does the constitution guarantee access to the US by non citizens?
Mofo crickets
I have a job. I don't hang out on twitter all day, waiting to reply to replies. Get a life.
Wtf...you #PetulantProgressiveLib s couldn't give a straight answer even while reading from a teleprompter.
GFY
Yo momma mofocker
Keep telling yourself that al. If that's what makes you feel better. #democratslose
If the @SCOTUS did not temp rule those parts as discriminatory, then wouldn't what you just said be #FakeNews?
So am I Senator. There are so many aspects of our democracy that are being violated in such a short time that I feel anxious all the time.
Senator, why did #SCOTUS not call it a #MuslimBan? 9-0, sir.
He has got to be stopped!  The country is behaving like a victim of abuse!  Enough!
Benifits of cheating and bypassing Garland for your own SCOTUS choice.   Just remember republicans,  what goes around comes around!
Heaven forbid we prevent one terrorist from entering the USA, right Al?
Franken isn't a Constitutional scholar, in fact, he confuses Twitter with a blog. #SCOTUS
We probably should have gave a crap when @POTUS44 couldn't pick his @Scotus  bc of @SenateMajLdr. Start playing as dirty as they do!
I hate the use of the word "troubled" to describe this horrific, out of control government.
You are incompetent and not a politician go back to your state and try to do comedy again stop being such a fake
The courts will prevail.  Mr. Trump AGAIN VIOLATES HIS  PLEDGE to protect the Constitution  he made on January 20th of 2017.
Trust the court system to do it's job. Disagree with the policy of you like but trust the courts. Without that we are doomed
That's Gorsuch already leaving his mark! Decades of nasty decisions ahead from that man!
I agree w you. Banning entry into this country based on religion is blatant discrimination and should NOT happen here!
Everyone should be troubled and protesting
All the while, DT's followers believe his lie that he won 9 - O [sic].
Too bad. So sad. Oh by the way...9-0 hahaha 9-0
Hold him to his 90 days!!
Why?  Scared your future voters will be stopped from invading?  Cry me a river.
Your a Joke Franken!
Dems have lost how to think normal, what the fuck. Independent can just the morons. Who are think there in the Simpson's or some shit.
Your also nuts.. its refreshing to have a president keep his word for once. He wins everydam time.
so are we, get this man out of office #ImpeachTrump
Me too! This is a lame, weak Supreme Court. Not one of the Courts that will go down in history for its decisions.
Enough is enough already. This has got to Stop
Al that is not true. The Supreme Court defines the authority of the president. Whether is was Lincoln, Obama or Trump.
Sad...
Frankly, I am not.  Perhaps if the y are inconvenienced, they will finally begin to seriously address the violence.
Who is investigating Gorsuch? He is bias and shouldn't be. How many calls from Shitler? How much @sherrilee7 @POTUS
Obama did a travel ban and I didn't hear a peep out of you hypocrite
That's what the new Justice was put there to do.  Terribly disappointing nonetheless
The travel ban should have been in place when it was ordered. Folks like you went against the American people desires. No re-elections.
You know it will
Elections have consequences. Get off your liberal high horse and stop embracing identity politics.  Maybe you will actually win an election.
It's kinda tough when one of the candidates is colluding w an enemy nation to insure a win. Trump is the worst type of person. Lock em up!
Anyone else devastated that #SCOTUS seems to hv decided discrimination based on religion is now acceptable? 
@ACLU we're counting on you!
When we sacrifice freedom for security we lose all of our freedoms. Shame on the #SCOTUS

#CelebratingA4ThOfYourLiesTrump: Next Stop Impeachment & Jail Time. Sincerely yours, one combat veteran. 
So we were right about justice Gorsuch? ?
Safety before multiculturalism.  Thank you President Trump.
I just can't even...
Trump's speeches were considered in 9th crt rather than law 2 make decisions. Should Senator's speeches b used in their bill's adjudication?
Deeply troubled also. With this ban my husband & I wouldn't have  met,  bought home, had kids.
Hmmmm a 9-0 judgement that said the Pres had the right to do what he did wiith the Travel Ban..does another set of laws exist?
Also troubled by #FakePresident & dumb followers trumpeting this as if it's a "huge victory". Obvious they don't understand how SCOTUS works
This is what happens under a dictatorship.  Are we facing that as a nation now?
And so am I.
Q.Sen Franken rather have the country-#safe or have-#blood on your hand's.
Yeah that separation of powers is a real b*tch eh .@SenFranken.almost like C-in-C's judgment trumps a pretentious senator's
No one in power will get him out of office and we have to fight for our liberties.we're the United States of Russia now.

 R HAPPY THE TRAVEL BAN GOES INTO EFFECT!  ITS FOR  SAFETY & HAS ZERO 2 DO W/ THE LIBERALS CRY WOLF RACISM BS!  TRUMPTRAIN
Saudi not included
Plus it clearly signals an uphill battle when they take it up in the Fall. Quoting p. 271 "And they've broken Washington  irrevocably"
I am too. And, where's Saudi Arabia on that list? Oops. drumph has property there
No claim to genius here, but how does the SC allow only parts of a  proposed national policy without their decision becoming legislative?
Dear Sen. Al Franken , question - what about all the people who are troubled by how you maintain a seat in Congress with no apparent value ?
Dont Worry. Our fakeprez will be in jail soon enought and we will become USA again
It's all a big mess!!!!!!! So stressful.
Is that a pre-existing condition?
Help!!!!!!!!!!
Checks and balances are falling away
and  ima doing it for the "TIPS"
Please keep fighting for us.
Me too
We need to know what DHS has actually done to "fix" processes?  Why do they even need a ban? Their process shld be fixed by now. #hypocrites
@SenFranken I'm greatly dismayed at the force at which ICE is detaining people who have never committed crimes and breaking up families.
Entering this country illegally is a crime
The US Constitution does not cover citizens of the Planet Earth, ding-a-ling...
elections have consequences - let this be fuel for the fire to get out the vote in the midterms
What happened to Trump's crowing about SCOTUS unanimously voting 9-0 FOR his ban?
Yea, I saw that too. That's NOT the vote count. This disgusting lying SOB is squatting in the WH & spreading disinformation. This is NOT OK.
And his fans lap it all up.
Yup & shldnt B allowed. It's a blatant lie 2 spread (MASS) false info 2 his cult -perpetuating a (us vs. them/win,lose) hysterical narrative
But we're the crazy ones.
They're so far gone. They drank the kool-aid & as you know, that doesn't end well. My point is, 2day they're trolling ppl w/the "winning" BS
geez Al, you need to read Donald Trump Jr and all his followers. the travel ban is reinstated! And no cameras in WH briefing WTF???
Me too. Worried about the direction of the court
That's cuz you Hate America and Americans
Me too.
We're well beyond 90 days at this point. Should be thrown out in Fall based on the time factor alone. Will have been 8 months by then.
Why isn't Saudi Arabia on the ban ?
He's such a #SCROTUS.
This was supposed to be a 90 day temp ban purportedly giving Trump time to put tougher vetting in place. Not our fault if it hasn't happened
90% of the ban IS IN PLACE NOW.  Guess basic math isn't your strong suit, huh. Yeah, actors usually have that problem. Minus right brain.
Gorsuch should be recused from anything Trump is trying to push thru. Too much like quid pro quo. You know he'll favor Trump in any ruling!
We have lost the Court.
.@SenFranken I don't understand why they allowed any of it to be enacted without hearing arguments first. Should have all waited until fall.
Because they understand the Constitution than you maybe, huh?
Me, too.

Only for people with no ties to the US. And if it's only temporary I don't see the problem although we should keep fighting!
Kind of like I'm troubled that you won't demand Jeff sessions resignation
You know senator, you might have to have them stay at your house. I'm sure you would have no problem with that. Right?
Thomas, Alito and Gorsuch held up the ban in full. Which decision from Gorsuch thus far makes you think that?
Al, the days of letting EVERYONE in without vetting is soooo outta touch! We live in a world of terrorists who want the USA gone! Wake up!!!
#snowflake
i am troubled that we have an angry, hateful, orange fool representing America!
This is the one time in our lives when we agree with Dick Cheney that the ban contravenes "everything we stand for and believe in".
But Trump is also exploiting his supporters ignorance,hailing it as a great victory, knowing that his supporters won't read the full story.
Al, enough with the " troubled", "concerned" language. Let's get down and call it what it is. The systematic distruction of our democracy.
No ban on the Acela Express this afternoon. 
Me too.
I'm troubled that you got elected but here we are.
Of course they have to give the GOP something for their support. Disgraceful.
And now trumps bigoted white supremacist supports will feel they have the green light to continue attack on Muslims
Absolutely correct Senator Franken! National sponsored discrimination based on religion.  Shameful!
You will remain forever out of touch with the American people...
It might blanket his distraction technique for the time being. He'll be out before it gets to the next phase anyway ;)
It's fascist creep..
It wants its orders followed and it wants it now
SA should at least be included. #BS
Trump has learned from his business deals that if he overwhelms the system some of his shit is bound to get through.
haha "much" haha
are you what, a freaking comedian?
STOP already! obama had a halt on visas from same countries, stop being dishonest to people!
He's had all this time to review & strengthen vetting and yet he doesn't do it & insists on ban
That is a key point.  The justification for the ban is to give admin time to review & strengthen.  But they've had that time already.
So it's clearly not actually about reviewing & strengthening, or they'd have already done that, and there'd no longer be a need for the ban.
Your disturbed that the president of the opposite party actaully gets to move forward with his agenda. You could care less about the people
Trump and his petty followers are cowards who are scared of their own shadow. He rules them with fear and divisiveness. They are weaklings.
MAGA
Hey Al...it is a Democracy.. deal with it dude?
I'm troubled that you are a Senator
Heads up, huh.
Senator..how many impeachable offenses will it take to remove this clown from office? Clinton lied one time...this idiot lies constantly
The level of callousness & lack of empathy @GOP is astonishing! Worse that they all go along for the ride
100 percent of Scotus said is President s job so really people?

I'm not troubled that you're troubled Stewart.
Now that the scotus is stacked what did you think was going to happen?
stacked? really? how? replaced 1 conservative judge for another. How did this suddenly stack the SCOTUS?
Been stacked conservative for years, how do you think we got the heinous citizens united ruling and the insane anti-safety gun laws?
Your tweet said "now" that it is stacked...nothing has changed so why think now court is all for Trump.
question has Donald Trump even read the constitution speaking of that when can we use number 25?
DJT recited the Constitution in full by memory during college.....thanx for playin though.
I am worried also
