No American should have to skip meals or turn off their heat in order to afford their meds, but right now, that’s exactly what’s happening.
Big drug corporations continue to put profits b4 people & set prices beyond the reach of Minnesotans. We need to stop this dangerous trend.
I’m glad I could help get things started by working to secure a bipartisan Senate Health Committee hearing on rising cost of Rx drug prices.
And mark your calendars, because I’m pleased to say the Senate Health Committee hearing is officially scheduled for next Tuesday the 13th.
Look, this shouldn’t be partisan issue. I think it’s safe to say that almost all of us know someone who's been affected by high drug prices.
So next week in the hearing, I look forward to talking about legislation I introduced to bring down skyrocketing prescription drug costs.
I urge @SenateGOP, @HouseGOP, and @POTUS to take a look at my bill, which provides blueprint for us to start working on this serious issue.
You can read more about my Improving Access to Affordable Prescription Drugs Act ahead of the hearing here: https://www.facebook.com/senatoralfranken/posts/1385169348235610 …
Insurers and PBMs operate to maximize tax friendly Rx pass through/rebate credits for employers, NOT to minimize out of pocket spending.
The GOP want to make this even WORSE! They will be murderers if they pass their ACA replacement!
Do something about it....we all know the problem,but need our Congress to make a plan and scream it to the masses. More what u want to do!
You are my fav Senator!
Ask Corey what he thinks.
Then do something! Other then blaming name calling. Oh sorry you can do nothing cuz the Russian lol.
I need to talk
When do you parasites end #CU? Nothing will change til then & you know it.
Just one question why are they allowed to  charge different prices for the same medicine?
"PBM's" or Pharmacy Benefit Managers. They consolidate buying power & hold sway over smaller, indep. pharmacies. Worth your $ to price shop
Price for one medication goes for $87.00 upto $472.00.  Now tell me why?  These are big shops not small ones.  Fantasy rates are killing USA
I agree Senator.  The drugs my oncologist wanted to put me on are 11grand a month, ins said no.  Planning on dying like a good American.
My friend had cancer, thankfully she got better. 2 years of treatments, chimo, etc = 0$ zero. She lives in Canada.
You should go on Bill Maher and talk about it then.
Thx, Sen., 4 your advocacy!  It shud apply to medicinal mj also as many many of us rely on that relief! Sessions must go!
We would never allow our grocer to charge $100 for a loaf of bread or gal. of milk, but somehow we're ok with being gouged for drugs? Why?
Please UHC for all 
#Franken/Yates2020
I thought #Obamacare was supposed to fix that? Hum? So much for socialism.
Please keep saying that to the companies who do this. Insulin, is almost totally unaffordable.
Thank you for your ethical leadership on this important topic! Congress must put Americans ahead of profits!
For a prescription antidepressant like Latuda $1300 / 30 days if you have no insurance. Is absurd, horrible & inhumane to ask those prices
Dear "And I'm Al Franken," let's concentrate on removing the rattlesnake in the Oval Office before ANYTHING else.
GL with that; in the meantime #Obamacare premiums WILL go up come Fall. 
Wait until Trumpcare kicks in! You'll LOVE Pelosi care then!
Ya see, Obama didn't want the ACA. He wanted a single payer system. The Republicans just want to blame him for everything!
No he didnt he didnt even try for single payer. He had a super majority at the begining of his term couldve pased it but didnt.
Sorry, you're simply wrong.
This should be what Government is addressing, not the #Assinine antics of @realDonaldTrump He needs #impeached so US can move on!
Talk to @PattyMurray about it then..
But you have to pay the rich so they can live here comfortably
So what are Dems doing about this
All dems fault!!!
It's resulted in a fantastic decision for me!  I'm leaving exhorbitant US health care behind and retiring in France!
Sadly, my healthy nest egg won't be spent here as a result.  C'est la vie!
how about we start with permitting the feds to use our size to negotiate prices lower than retail for Medicare.
Shoot, even vet prescriptions are through the roof! WTH?
Al, WE know.
To whom R U imparting this info?
We the ppl R the ones who keep telling YOU guys.
PS
I devoured your new book. Still love ya.
Thank you (see, I don't just criticize you)
I know someone recently diagnosed with stage 4 cancer. New 'targeted' treatment pills available, but will cost 10,000 monthly. Unaffordable
You could have gone on Real Time this Friday and reached a lot more people with this msg. But you care more about your image apparently
Why is it Illegal to buy your drugs from Canada and Mexico? How are they able to pay less to our big pharma and we take up the slack? #MAGA
Agree we need help! Please vote to repeal #Obamacare ! Having no Federal govt intervention is better than this!
The answer to this problem is #hr676. Everyone will someday need health care. Our system is a dismal failure for millions.
I have 6 girls.  Some have special needs, wife included.  They all have maintenance drugs. Only one bread earner besides wife's SS.
Al, my sister has RAZR, makes less than $1000 a month in SS. Her medication, if she could afford to buy it, is $600 a month. Only one med!
Sorry, spell change.. she has RA = rheumatoid arthritis.
THANK YOU sir, my sons Epilepsy meds cost over $2k a month out of pocket, it should not cost this much for life saving meds!
Ask my husband, many thousands of dollars
We should resume the Tim Pawlenty plan  for buying Canadian medications, mail to US. Current GOP  still looking for dead Canadians.
I have to echo Bernie Sanders here! Why are we the last industrialized country to not have universal health care?
I am scared to death! Just turning 60 with declining health. This assault on social programs is just in time to really hurt a LOT of ppl!
Don't have health problems other than excruciating back & hip pain from car accident. Opiate abusers get all ; but I am SOOL pain mgmt
Well, what LEAPS TO MIND HERE, is: HOW DOES THIS EFFECT...... AL FRANKEN? (Please forgive me, I couldn't help it) Love You Senator Franken!!
So what do you suggest Al? I am all ears. The big pharma problem is horrific. Please let us know how you plan to work to solve it.
Right on Senator! Your a giant of the Senate!
It's ridiculous.  With Medicare and a supplement plan, my Rxs are still outrageously expensive. Why can't something be done? Help!
Thank you. Just ordered your book.
Your cancelling of your appearance on Bill Maher's show, in my opinion, is disheartening. I will no longer give money to your campaign. Sad.
It's a shame you'd jump ship over something so petty.
Get rid of lobbyists. Get rid of their money. Make them bargain for us.
You are so right!!!
We paid $500 for a one month supply of insulin for my husband (type 1 diabetic) earlier this year.
And the uninsured get gouged the worst.
Please.  I am the director of a senior center in Urbana, OH.  My seniors are faced with 2 choices it seems anymore.  Food or necessary drugs
How could you try to demean Bill Maher,  when you know what a supporter of minorities and liberal causes he is, and a fellow performer!
Yes it is.  I had to move to Italy
I'm one of those,  so enough rhetoric DO SOMETHING
And @POTUS & @SpeakerRyan are willing to let them bc of personal vendetta against Obama. Let them go without?   #DeathPanels
We have to let our car go....and find rides to Drs!
Not just that. I'm forgoing my blood tests for annual physical. I don't have $80 co-pay. Are they crazy?!
@SenFranken
So what can b done about it
This sounds like the intro to a SNL commercial parody. #HowDoesCanadaDoIt? #LetsDoThat
Thanks for your efforts - keep it up!!
Thanks to the Dems and #ObamaCare Good Job Idiots ! #DrainTheSwamp
Can they order online from Canadian Pharmacy companies?
That is a true statement Al
My diabetic husband spends $250/mo for his supplies just to stay alive. And that's WITH insurance.
Yep cuz most can't afford them the prices are just too high
More BS AL Franken  Stories That Have Failed The Test Of Truth And Honesty In Political Integrity.This Must Be Embarrassing His Family SAD
Count us in that group.We are struggling and quickly sinking.Since my wife also became ill,we will be forced to move & are barely surviving.
Point out that Americans are gouged to subsidize lower costs in countries which regulate drug prices.
It Is!
You know, Obamacare is still the law. So you're saying your party FAILED America? We all agree, hence election results since 2010.
Why is free trade okay when it allows exportation of jobs but not importation of less expensive medications?
Lawmakers are paid handsomely to look at the issue, and vote in favor of Big Pharma. We need term limits and $ out of DC or nothing changes.
Even WITH insurance and Medicare, my mom is paying $500 dollars a month for two medications alone. She's on a fixed income!!!
I don't agree with u on ditching Mather's show Friday. Yes he made poor judgement. He (cont) http://tl.gd/nnr42c 
Good luck, Senator!
You ain't kidding, one script for 4yr olds earache meds is $200 bucks wtf
My dad's insulin went from $40 to $367/month. He says he won't take it. I know programs to help w/ costs because of my work. Most don't.
That's what a lot of people are forced to do.
That's the big problem with all health care,  it's called fantasy rates. Everyone in America should pay the same amount for meds and health
Please do..I affects my daughter as well since is on so many meds.and limited income. I  that you are trying so hard. Thank you!
I agree with you, but we also need to work on getting ppl healthier where we can to avoid unnecessary scripts.
I recently watched, on 2 different occasions, people cry at the pharmacy when they were told what they had to pay. Heart-breaking
This has been going on since the 1980s..
It is partisan because GOP literally doesn't care if sick folks die. It's what Jesus taught. I think
Why didn't previous administration address this during the last 8 yrs?
Because Obama and the DNC refuse to eschew corporate donors and are thus forced to serve them rather than regular people.
Call Your Senators  Save Medicaid and the AC/
Exactly what's happening to us right now. The effects ripple out to all aspects of life, too.

Thanks Al, like we didn't fucking know.
