President Trump’s decision to withdraw from #ParisAgreement is a catastrophic mistake. We don't have time to bury our heads in the sand.
.@POTUS is putting his friends in the fossil fuel industry ahead of the safety and security of American people and the future of our planet.
@POTUS is ignoring scientific consensus, putting our kids and grandkids at risk, weakening our economy, & undermining America’s leadership.
I call on President Trump to immediately reverse his terrible decision to withdraw from #ParisAgreement. https://www.facebook.com/senatoralfranken/posts/1379053612180517 …
Until China and India, who are eating our lunch and taking American jobs, have to immediately comply, bad deal. We can do clean energy still
Why isn't it up to humans, us, to lessen our climate footprint? Why does the gov'ment need to tell us too?
Want an aggressive clean energy policy from Trump. If not, that will erode my support. But Paris, another dumb Dem deal.  Renegotiate.
Senile 45 can't comprehend that.
Trump saved our Country 3 billion with Obama's pledge.Another great deal like Iran's nuke deal.This isn't science its  about & U know it.
Trumped again homeboy this whole @POTUS  winning thing is really cool you have no idea how happy it make's us when we see you all butt sore!
The entire world plus 66% of the United States. Are we really going to let this small group of imbeciles ruin the planet? We need to wake up
#RomeIsBurning

How Was A Climate Crisis Denier Elected President of The United States? #ParisAgreement #ParisClimateDeal 
Watch http://bit.ly/ClimateDenierPOTUS … 
Fight Yrump's corruption & stupidity!!!
What % of climate change is because of humans?
#AnswerMeThis
22 senators advised Trump to exit. They get $$$$ from big oil. Cruz and McConnell are at top of the list:
Like China.  What happens to global cooling in the 70's, which changed to global warming, and now climate change.
And a mad, angry, bewildered man was able to undo that @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @EmmanuelMacron @washingtonpost @nytimes
YEAH, TRUE, BUT TOO BAD THIS DEAL DOESN'T DO A FUCKING THING TO FIX THE PROBLEM, ONLY MORE SUFFERING FOR AMERICAN WORKERS
ok, so the other countries can continue to work on this issue. And the U.S. will work independently on their own. Problem solved
Said no trump supporter ever. They don't don't care and never will so motivate people to Vote. HRC can't. Bernie can. @SenSanders 
@CharlieLevenson It may be the galvanizing moment. Unite.
Hahaha
Just the fact that the whole  was working together on any subject was so amazing. DT & you Trumpsters are an embarrassment to the world
Can't wait to get a copy of your new book.
Congress needs to step in and do something! Do you have the strength of your convictions or not
You just stated the basis for his rejection. Now if he could alter it to be the Trump agreement then we'd be good to go.
Divide and conquer says our flucking leader  It's the only way to win.
You sir are clueless!!!
@SenFranken This is Democratic Party's opportunity to lead and this moment marks the beginning of the end of the Trump Administration.
How does he just get to make this decision? Why don't we the people get a say?
Save us. I have seriously given up hope for our nation.
it is real, and i will keep trying to do my part in keeping this planet alive. we need a leader that can see the future.not $$$
A real possibility, you mean. The future is not as knowable as the past. #MassHysteria
And all but three countries get it. Wish our president had our best interests in mind. He would rather pretend its 1965 and not move forward
Senator Franken, does the Senate have the authority and the power to override the Trump's announcement of withdrawal?
There is no substantial proof of global warming.  Only rhetoric from scientists funded by the government.  Keep that money rolling in.
#ParisAgreement was a ponzy scheme thought up by other leftists to steal more money from the American people to pay for this fraud.
WRONG!
Climate change and global warming is a crisis to all humans, except for Trump. Why is that? 
Yes, that was it. It wasn't the most aggressive action that could've been taken for environment, but that fact of agreement.
Did you not hear President Trump about how this Paris agreement is unfair to the USA. I thought you liberals were all about fairness.
Libs can't be bothered to care about "why" Trump does anything. They live in fear of anything that does not match with what MSM tells them.
Someone said rightly that America is no longer a world leader. Deserved. Educate folks
Having @realDonaldTrump being the president of the USA is like having Bob the janitor do my brain surgery. He seems smart so what the hey.
Let the North Koreans, Aruba and Albania lead the way. They won't since the money spigot just closed.
NO!  It was a way for the world to screw America! (sarcasm font)
I feel so helpless and hopeless. He's destroying our country and no one is doing anything to stop him. I give up, evil will win. 
Trump was NOT VOTED BY THE CITIZENS OF PITTSBURGH! Hillary received 80% of vote in my city. He should have used Charleston #ParisAgreement
Please help us Mr. Franken. We are looking to you all in Washington to help us Americans.
Private-public "Coalition of Commitment to the Paris Climate Agreement" ... let's do it, Sir ! #resist #persist #fight !  #YesWeCan
Senator, is it true that a potus elected in 2020 could reverse this with a flick of the pen?
U are one of people I love the most, I follow u, in social media not personally so don't get scared. U were great in the View =)so smart
Great!! Good luck controlling the sun using Nazi-leftist, "green" swindle and shallow BS!
Who would ever prefer an auto with less mpg? #WaterIsStillLife
If you think the Paris agreement was about climate change you are a fool
Trump's made China the world leader in creating alerntive energy Germany and France the leaders of democacy USA is #1 in income inequality
And how much is George Soros paying you for your support?
America leaving it will bring them together even more.
Thanks for the tweet Al
Do something about this clown or you won't be reelected. Too much talk nothing being done to stop him
I really hope you run for President, sir.
Where does he expect to live? Where do all the people expect to live when the earth has had enough?
Yes and as I understand.
All on American's backs, @VP @POTUS  Thank you, for taking care of America First. I thank God that President is our @POTUS
I'm glad there are some reasonable people left over there. #keepresisting
Like you even raised a finger to help the opposition to DAPL. Come back when you got something to show beyond chair sitting.
Why is 45 even allowed to make any decisions while he is under investigation??  If HRC was doing this the Repubs hair would be on fire!!
The same way Clinton made decisions while he was under investigation? I didn't see a lot of Repub hair-fires. Libs are all fired up though.
Trump is doing Putin's work - diminish U.S. standing & leadership in the world. Putin & his boys are prob lighting up cigars in celebration.
Al Franken, do Amerian's a favor & go back to being a comedian. Nobody takes you seriously anymore. U are part of the opposition against USA
The ONLY reason he wanted to pull out of the agreement is bc Obama made the agreement in the 1st place.  The ONLY reason. the rest is BS!!
Senator, we turn our tear filled eyes to you. Stop him.
And what does a comedian know
we thought when you got in there you would not just be a standard democrat
sorry Sen. Franken that this is the state of your country. Decisions being made by someone who is too pig headed to listen to reason.
AL give me just 1 thing you have done personally to help climate change? That's what i thought.
Are you kidding me!? Together? Did you forget to wear your glasses today?
@realDonaldTrump, in something else he was trying to undo, ripped that apart by leaving the #ParisAgreement. We have to prevail on this!!
1) Pollution heats the earth
2) heat brings more rain
3) rain grows more green plants
4) plants clean the air
5) clean air cools the earth
Tell that to Mars.
Then the world should have paid their fair share....USA footed the bill. A new deal is coming so go play with Kathy Griffin and shut up
I so can't wait 4 impeachment or 2020!!!
False.
Also brought world together to recognize that US is no longer relevant, nor are we a leader. Will take less than a gen for brain drain. Sad
TTL BS. It was to fund the rest of the world.. We will #Renegotiate .. #ParisAccord  was waste to USA..
@KeithOlbermann just said it best. We now have two parties; Republicans and Americans
You agree that Kathy G's stunt photo o.o was okay so WHO CARES what you think.
The biggest joke of your career is when you got Senator added to the beginning of your name.
Relax. One less country is not going to change the future. It's not like the U.S. did anything instrumental in the past for this
Understand the need to make a statement, but you're talking to a damaged brain. Time to ignore the shitbird and start some work arounds.
Please get rid of this cabinet! And paul ryan and mcdoofus. I don't speak Russian
DeVos Stmt: Climbates change al the thyme.That's why wee half snow and raine and drynis and not drynis. Peeple stop beleafing scienceticians
so wrong and so funny
GOOD JOB MR PRESIDENT!
USA WOULD HAVE TO PAY TO PLAY, REST REAP OUR CASH!
$420 BILLION  IN 2020?
WHERE IS MONEY GOING, AL GORE?
Senator Al Franken the top of your head just blew off I think it's funny as hell
Yet we were the only ones taking real action and sacrificing industry, while agreeing to let China and India continue to increase pollution
False. Canada has already instituted a carbon tax.
Have you read the agreement yourself or just drink the Kool-aid? I thought article 2 and article 4/11 were hilarious
Concerned about USA not in #ParisAgreement? Animal agriculture is #1 cause of  global warming #GoVegan Don't be like Trump who eats steaks!
Yelp ur typical lion that would support another luny
I'd love it it's about time we have a president that looks out for America goodbye Obama
Trump looks out for Russia. His every move makes US poorer, smaller, and less important. The bots win!

@LeoDiCaprio on #ParisAgreement 
Chapter 45: In which the United States visibly & painfully started its steep decline as the world's superpower. #ParisAgreement
No that was 44's mantra of Obamas 'new normal' that put more black people in poverty than any other President!
And the presidents dark and bleak view of our nation does nothing to unite our country let alone the world!
Love u franken
I'm so glad you are my senator but I want to fight the President. Calling you and @amyklobuchar is unnecessary & @RepErikPaulsen  is covfefe
Why is this happening & what can we do NOW?
My heart is breaking to see our country becoming demoralized by one man. Crying as I type. I love my country and so ashamed of our Gov't.
FBI and NSA are pushing the process andsoonwewl see the criminals fall.  Hang on.   USA  strong. We will oust this regime
But why aren't u praising the fact that the US CO2 emissions are at PRE 1994 levels? Are u all crying about that 2 or didnt u know? Y not? 
Is climate change real? Can you prove it? Is China and India chipping in?
Please continue the agreements in full for state of Minnesota #ActOnClimate
And....@realDonaldTrump has turned the world against us. #winning
Really? I don't want us to be loved for the idiots Obama made us but respected as Pres Trump is giving us
apparently, not anymore.
I think this sums it up pretty well.
AND IT WAS NON-BINDING!!
