I’ll be touring a clinic today that provides important health services for Minnesota families in Rice County.
I'll also be sitting down with the organization’s providers and staff to hear how current efforts to repeal #ACA would hurt patients and MN.
please get Dems and progressives on the same page and have a fix for Obamacare when the chance arises!
Agreed, the bill was almost as bad as the one you passed..... ACA = Franken care.  We won't forget who owns it.
You are a laughing stock
You have the health care you wanted. Drinks are on Al. 
Al please run for POTUS
Will you be discussing Dem ideas to improve "ObamaCare" or is it just an anti-Republican bitch fest?
Only basic govt biz til Trump/Russia report done. US citizens can then INSTRUCT Senate/Reps HOW WE THE PEOPLE WANT TO PROCEED.
instead of complaining and playing partisan politics why not work together for the good of the American people?
@lovealaska1105 Make sure and wear your gorilla suit!!
What?
Are you talking about health care, health insurance or health coverage? Because they are 3 different issues.
good for you willing to set down and talk to your constitutes. Wish we had representatives like you here in NC.
My hometown! Thanks for all of your hard work!
nothing but love Frank. Thank you for all you do
The reason the bill is terrible is because you and your cohorts passed the worst bill in history and any fix is problematical!
Well at least the GOP is working after years of not.  They Tried :(.  It would be great, now if they worked for the people!!
Thx for your remarks to coldhearted rigid Gorsuch U R a hard worker Thanks
You're so out of touch with reality, you made more sense as Stuart Smalley
at least you have the opportunity to oppose the bill unlike 7 years ago. #passittofindoutwhatsinit
You are a failing Socialist, please move to Cuba or Nicaragua.
Run for POTUS
Unite the "States"
Ask them what they want after Obamacare implodes due to unaffordabilty.
hey Al, your man OBAMA lost, no one is interested in you gay agenda!
= Knows all about terrible bills - ObamaCare
please don't, we see what you guys did
Will you drop your health care plan and take Obamacare?
Thank you for giving Minnesotans the opportunity to talk to you in person. And for speaking out against this awful bill.
and explain to us why premiums and deductibles are rising
Then you pay my premiums. My family has been harmed by Obamacare. You have money send us $19,200 each year so my family can stay insured!
I'm stupid enough, I'm loud enough, I'm hateful enough and darnit, people think I'm an asshole
it's ALREADY terrible! NOONE can afford it! DEMS failed. TRUMP is working 4 care poor ppl can afford. SUPPORT TRUMP not Repubs
Al Franken used to tell jokes, now Al Franken is the joke!
Keep fighting, Senator. Thanks for all you do.
Good for you Frankie!! Do something about my $500/month premium instead of using it to pay for someone else's!
Pls make sure you're back in DC to vote NO on Gorsuch. #ImpeachTrump
@AttilaErickson
Al you are still a comedian...MN had a good health care program already with OUT Obama Care....You my friend are a let down.  !
Go back to doing comedy, you were much better at that.
yeah you should alot about terrible healthcare bills. You passed one 7 years ago
you should have stayed in show business.
This is my request for a YES vote.
If only parents of these democrats and liberals had believed in abortion, half of America's problem would not exist today.
Can you pick me up a blanket?  Still using 50 year old ones.
please Al,keep fighting
If the parents of all these democrats and liberals had believed in abortion, half of America's problem would not exist today.
i wish the republicans in the house did the same thing!
Please encourage them to call Tim Walz to thank him for doing the right thing for his constituents.
Thank you, Senator. Enjoy Faribault. I highly recommend the cheese curds.
You have some very fortunate constituents!I'm counting on  @SenAlexander & @SenBobCorker to meet w/ us!#leadership 
GOP's AHCA should officially be renamed the American Health Care Axe. It's little more than a tax cut for the rich.
Schiff/Franken 2020.
Please.
Yes Please! #Repeal&ReplacetheGOP
hope you talk to me soon about your memoir (that I read, loved) for @PublishersWkly Book Expo Show Daily profile I must write!
anybody think of copying the healthcare system of Canada or any of the other successful countries. Are we that egomaniacal?
@GOP @POTUS what we have with ACA is horrible. What you all are saying that the American tax payers are screwed. Period.
Pretty Pls continue to hammer Gorsuch. He's a pick by a potential foreign operative tailgating on Garland's stolen nomination.
The #ACA needs help especially since #Trump said to sabotage it, so what do we do now? What is the plan to repair and improve?
Terrible is a generous term. Keep fighting the good fight Senator. Its greatly appreciated.
date and time please!!!!
please remember to tell the Faribo residents what role you played to try to improve the bill?  That would be nothing!!!
I'm assuming you'll be meeting with constituents after the vote right. I'm panicking at the thought you're not in DC 2 monitor events
Right? There needs to be an army of Als!! I'm not kidding
Meeting with constituents? My GOP senators and representative make me think that's not a thing that happens, Al.
