At the ballot box you will be defeated. You are the mad man with bad behaviour. You will soon be gone.
Oh? And which of the hundreds of Obama pardons did you publicly decry? I'll wait
Another big problem is 2 out of the last 5 times the person who won the popular vote lost the election. Thats 40% of 21st century elections
First Al, you're a total POS. 2nd, commuting the sentence of a traitor like Bradley Manning is what's really shameful and appalling! #MAGA
President Obama pardoned Secretary Clinton, who was not charged.
Why are you bringing up Sec Clinton? She wasn't convicted of anything. 

I don't get the connection.
On some pain meds. I have no defense. I was completely completely wrong. Very sorry. Meds and Twitter don't mix :(
Brother get to feeling better, we'll talk another time
Thank you. I had some dental work done.
The president and Joe Arpaio is definitely a thug rewarding a thug. this will be part of the USA history for all in the future.
I’m betting that you didn’t say that now that the “TRUTH” of your past has been revealed!!!
Franken should go back to SNL. Oh that's right. He's never been funny. He sure is now.
What was shameful was corrupt Obama regime’s vile political prosecution & Dem/Nazi Biased Judge who refused a jury trial. God Bless Trump!
Like it makes a difference if it was someone else !!!  Politician Puss Mouth !
How can you be so duplicitous.  Obama and Clinton both pardoned criminals.  You are a hypocrite.  People are sick out it.  On both sides.
shameful and appalling huh?
You stole your seat.  Go sit in it .
With respect, Senator, what are you going to DO about it? We're tired of words and tweets. We are frightened of losing our democracy.
"The damage Trump has done to the presidency is unmistakable ... to the nation incalculable. He is unfit to serve."
I never saw you oppose Obama's pardon of violent drug dealers! That was appalling & shameful.
Please list and attach your contemporaneous objections, then we will have a debate.
Thats alot of federal crimes to pardon.....y is it not ok for joe?  Mark?  Ready for ur debate now
Asked for contemporaneous objections, not objections newly created to condone trump’s action. “What About” is not an answer.
Here is a list of many.....this is fact not speculation or conjecture...
Impeach, sir. Not just for the lies and the lying liars who deserve them. But also for all our future. Ps Giant has been ... giant. <3 u.
It's an abuse of power!  Please impeach now.
You being a United States senator is shameful and appalling
Kelly - who did Obama pardon without having served time and without the D of Justice recom the Sheriff is a P.O.S. and again we r shamed
When will we see the appropriate actions taken against the trump. I did not serve my country for a president of hate. So hurt.
@Animagus2017 

I don't recall you tweeting about Baracks pardons. You lame excuse you represent one side not your constituents some of us are pleased
DO
SOMETHING !!!!!!!!
@realDonaldTrump
You looked good in the gorilla suit.  Go @potus
Mr. Franken I agree with you presidential pardons should only be given to those who are wrongfully incarcerated and not just because you fee
I do not understand why the Senate and the house put up with this why are you not invoking the 25th Amendment you know he is not fit to be
President of the United States all the lies he's told all the things he's done wrong they hate he's promoted he needs to go as soon as ASAP
Please do something before it's too late he has lunch codes he alone can start a nuclear war do something before it is too late
Agreed. Please Stop this monster truck.
That's #Notmypresident. Come on, Mueller!
#JoeArpaioa #National #hero make no mistake 67yrs serving our #USA
Lol
The president is following the law. ( PS) I'm in my safe zone you may not be rude to me !
If you think abt it you will realize that there is a big difference between doing something legal and doing something morally right.

@SenFranken and where were you when @BarackObama pardoned unrepentant terrorist Oscar Ramos?
I'm from the Phoenix area. The fear Arpaio put into lives of Latino families was horrific. And he walks away free thanks to bigot @POTUS 
Letting Bradley Manning out of prison was shameful and appalling!!  #DrainTheSwamp #Maga
Bradley Manning was convicted of "bad behavior"
By that logic explain all the pardons by Obama?

Remember When Obama Pardoned A Crack Dealer Who Then Murdered A Mother & Her 2 Children http://truthfeed.com/obama-pardoned-a-crack-dealer-who-murdered-3-people-upon-release/104409/ … #Arpaio #WomensEqualityDay 
So do something about it - you're in congress for a reason!!
Help Al! Please as democrats we need a plan and a leader.
Dude, if there was no bad behavior, he wouldn't need a pardon.
Next thing you know he'll be pardoning Cherry, Blanton, and Chambliss for the 16th Street Baptist Church bombing. Where does it end?
Sheep.....
@POTUS has created the #DividedStatesofAmerica
Well this is what we get when people hate a woman so much they couldn't get off their rusty dusties to vote
But it makes Trump feel like a big boy so that is all that matters.
Your thoughts on Bradley Manning?... I'll wait...
Spare the comical Unhinged BS>Amer Hater Obama pardoned Muslim murderers, drug thugs and scum! Dems love these low life's!
Maybe you need a change of scenery like North Korea I'm sure they would welcome you with open arms oh and Canada is always available #SCAB

STFU. YOU are shameful and appalling. And RUDE, DISRESPECTFUL and CLUELESS. Oh yeah- and not funny. EVER.
Then why was he so popular?
It's abundantly clear we are at the mercy of this monster. All talk no action. Stating the obvious is solving nothing.
The President is the most dire threat to this country!
Tell it to Texas right now. They'll disagree. #HurricaneHarvery
True, but it's not good when you have to use a hurricane to draw a comparison to the amount of damage one man is doing.
It'silly when you think Trump is the most dire threat, worse than a hurricane.
Think North Korea!  Trump baited him.  Dire threat... hell yeah!
I remember Obama pardoning several convicted felons. Sheriff Joe was just enforcing our immigration laws.
I totally agree Senator Al Frankin!
You should review Obama's pardons!
https://www.justice.gov/pardon/obama-pardons … maybe read this and then hush.
Arpaio needs to be gangchained to a pole wearing his pink panties!
Damn right
Will anyone do anything about it? Nope.
NOTHING,Abuelita is EVER done about anything he does...just moves on to the next thing..so frustrating, is everyone flipping scared of him??
Now you know how we all felt when the Muslim loving,  America hating person was there for 8 years. Buck up!!!
Admit it, you didn't like Obama because of the colour of his skin and his religion. Also, he's more intelligent and more successful than you
--i'm curious only, do you mean she wrongly thinks he's a Muslim?
Joe did what was right. But to be more fair in liberal eyes we should stop Everyone then no one has a valid whine. Not illegal then no issue
Or for not following The U.S. Constitution
Funny you say that Stuart Smally. It seems Obama did what you claim Trump did. Do you know what hypocracy is?
Not strong enough of a rebuke!  This is a very serious presuppose were heading towards and, I expect much more from progressives, all four!
Aaaaaaarrrrrrrgggghhhhhh.  Sorry.  Just had to express my pain.  Carry on.  We fighf the good fight, Good Senator.
How long are you going to continue to DO NOTHING! Pretend he's OBAMA doing all of these things! #hesnotmypresident @POTUS #HesMyPresident
Or HRC! The GOP would be going brash-- crazy if Obama or HRC did any one thing Trump has done. Hypocrites every one!
It feels like the entire @HouseGOP and @SenateGOP is going down with Rump, no matter what. I feel like removing hearts with a spoon cousin 
And a bit dastardly-like the villain rubbing his hands together with a wicked laugh and his head thrown back thinking...I AM THE LAW
Like obama's pardons your a Hippocrate frenken #DrainTheSwamp
Both Republicans & Democrats w/integrity realize it was wrong for Trump to pardon Arpaio & it was wrong for Bill Clinton to pardon Marc Rich

No, they should be for sale like they were in the Clinton White House.   Now THAT's a business oriented president..
Just shut up already Al
When the People demand lawmakers be tested for drugs, you're done. Update that resume
I Honestly Think You Are Crazy & Frightening! Shouldn't Expect Much From A Senator, Though!
Loni so is the president

It is a slippery slope that Congress needs to stop right now.
Thanks Mr Smallie!
You're shameful and appalling, snowflake. 
#StupidLiberals 
THIS Coming from a man Liberals can be proud of!!!  @SenFranken KNOWS exactly what is shameful & appalling!
Really and Obama pardoning a terrorist was ok?? Sheriff Joe enforced the law of the land and gave 50 yrs of his life to serving this nation
#Trump does not give a damn if it is appalling. His moral depth is one molecule and is just Trump.
#Obama pardoned cop killer oscar Rivera.  There will be no outrage coming from the right for the #JoeArpaio #pardon
America is liken to a person with an upset stomach and uncontrolled diarrhea...the country is not well.
And absolutely dispicable.
If trump had a (D) next to his name all would be fine. Feel free to jump off your high horse. Mediocre comedian and senator
Mediocre is very generous.
Way to teach the kids!#MAGA
But Pardoning treason Chelsea Manning was heroic? Shut up hypocrite!
do what needs to be done to get Trump out. There must be illegal acts or pics to get rid of him. Someone help the country and show them
This only works if u get rid of him and pence.
We have to start with Trump,  then work on Pence.  Pence is not as dangerous as Trump.  Trump must go. Enough already.
what's appalling is shoving Obamacare down our throats. Now go crawl back under your rock.
Presidency should not be a reward for bad behavior and discrimination. And yet, here we are.
You would think at least a little remorse wood be required. You're right this guy's proud of what he's done.
Oh, like Islamic terrorists & criminals in prison? WTH has happened to common sense? U r crazy if u think we the people r buying ur nonsense
Both you and Franken are reprobates, traitors, gangster culture and you think its Hollywood cool, Ron Opie Howard
And it stinks# media rules
You got THAT right...
Keep up the good work
But aren't all pardons rewards for bad behavior???
For God's sake!!! Go back to SNL !! Comedy is what you do best & you are hilarious in DC !!!
He's a comedian? Oh yeah, he USED to be at one time, before he became useless.
3 words for you Senator. Oscar Lopez Rivera.
It's a shit show
That's trump!
What were Obama's 1,715 pardons for Al?
You would make an awesome president. Please run
Manson will be next then Roman Polansky
What about the pardon for the terrorists in #gitmo for Bergdahl. Never heard you comment on that?
and that Transgender traitor pardoned by obumer wasn't? Does it hurt being brain dead?
No,  @BarackObama freeing terrorists from Gitmo is shameful and appalling! #SNL needs u back
You, like all Democrats, are lost as a ball in kudzu. How many elections has your party lost over past 8 years? Over 1,000!
So Obama pardoning a traitor and a terrorist was ok with you. Got it.
You could say that describes trump
I cant understand what supporters of the alt right don't get! Maybe they just think they have the right to discriminate!
Shut the fly trap. You weren't funny, then, and you make no sense, now.
Thank you..... that's true
I learned that there is a large process that takes place that never happened. Totally circumvented Requests, DOJ...
Corruption of the rule of law along with a corruption of the body politic. #tRumpRussia is an attack on all of US.
I still cant believe ppl REALLY fell for his lies&REALLY thought he was going2be the #Champion of the "FORGOTTEN MAN". Lol GiveMeABreak 
Fired yes, jailed no.
Just terrible.
Granting John McCain a pardon was appalling.  How many lives did he cause to end??? 
But it's ok for traitors right?
Electing a clown like you is shameful and appalling.
Where are the articles of impeachment????!! Let's get rid of this morln
You are shameful to every conservative in MN...remember us?  Oh wait, that's right, you don't give a shit about us. Silly me.
And @POTUS is just getting started. Damage caused by him during these 4yrs will take decades to fix @SenFranken.
Kommon Sense Says without bad behavior there would be no need for a pardon?
Agree. Almost all are ridiculous, shameful & appalling (including the thousands Obama granted). However, this one just gets more publicity.
You are shameful and appalling.
Trump is not a president. Don't dignify him with that. This is a dictatorial edict by the insane occupant of the @WhiteHouse
Horrifying, shameful, evil, sinful, and disgusting Those rapists and child molesters he never prosecuted. SMH!
Wrong as usual. He was doing his job, protecting citizens, arresting illegals.
Wasn't he convicted of a misdemeanor?
He would would violate rights of individuals based on a "hunch" (and, of course, their race). It washes away what Arpaio did.
But a traitor is fine #ChelseaManning
should give Nobel Peace Prize instead.
Ha ha ha. Top comedy. You're still a top comedian. People are taking you half serious. Ha ha ha. "Shameful and appalling" that's gold.
Everything about Trump is shameful and appalling.
Presidential tweets touting buddy's book should not come hours before hurricane tweets, either. Sociopathy revealed one tweet at a time.
Neither should be commuting the sentence of an American traitor #Chelsea Manning! Thanks Obama!
His sons and SIL can't be far behind
Have you looked at past pardons ?  Check it out when you get s chance.
Thank you, Sen Franken !
Be afraid, be very afraid. Al Franken rocks
Term limits should be enacted for politicians like you...self serving not people serving...news flash...you were never funny!
I live in Texas. I cannot look to my state reps or senators to stand up to the mess being made by Trump or the GOP. @SenFranken, thank you.


@POTUS might have the power to pardon. Doesn't mean #ArpaioPardon respects "the rule of law," esp. for someone else who didn't.
agreed.  and check out who's the guest of honor in #Fresno (read Devin Nunes District)  on Sept 29th.  Along WITH OUR SHERIFF Margaret Mims
How much longer must we endure this illegitimate POTUS?
Mr Hypocrite, did you approve all the pardons that Obama granted. Drug dealers, traitors, etc.  How soon you forget.
Christ, you are truly a hollow, unprincipled hack.
no it isn't!!!
Correct. The bad behavior of the judge (denying a criminal defendant their constitutional right to a jury trial) shouldn't be rewarded.
#TRUMP CONTINUES2DO #OBSCENE things bc he WANTS2b #IMPEACHED so he can blame the #government &tell his supporters "Its the #DeepState"..
The people Obama pardoned already had served long sentences. Stop with the false equivalency and lies unless you are just mimicking Trump.
It is. It is also highly inexcusable and beyond unethical.
@neenthirteen that is the opinion of u and all ur left communist nazis yes
Tell Obama!!!!
That might be the funniest thing you've ever written.
This (hard rt. wing) ideology appears to be rooted in clinically anti-social psychosis.
Cry Baby Karma Kabbala!
I never heard you say anything about Obama releasing terrorists from Guantanamo Bay.
And yet a known traitor was pardoned. A known terrorist was pardoned. Come on, Al, open your eyes.
As senator what will you do about it?
what is good and which is bad president decides. Great job mr president
I didn't hear you complain about any of the Obama pardons. Loved you on Fringe though.
@JuddApatow 
I agree...
I LOVE this behavior.  His "core" is really...REALLY worshiping him now.  But come election day, their passion won't help.
