Tuesday helped veteran Luis Montalvan—a friend who sadly passed away in December—so much that he wrote several books about him.
I remember your speech on Senate floor about it. Brought me to tears. Wish I could find it and post it.
@Brooke888888 
PLEASE Read #TrumpRussia Ties spanning 30+years Facts on @funder & @Khanoisseur #DworkinReport #TrumpLeaks
they're good dogs, Senator
this is a good dog!
Number 45 is not good enough, not smart enough and doggonit people loathe him.  Help!  FRANKEN 2020
@CanGal_39 adorable!
@lrmorellana If you don't mind a little pointless sucking up, I think the country is fortunate to have you as a Senator.
may I send you a Brite Bite? It allows dogs to brush their own teeth! Thanks sir! & Thanks for all the great work you do!
@allywalker1 can the dog run for President?
That sweet furbaby! 
So delighted to see this photo. Thank you for all that you are doing.
Was sad when you left SNL but now SOOOOOO Grateful to have you in the Senate! Need more sane folks there. Bless you.
When you look at me with those puppy dog eyes, how can I resist?
ARF... ARF ARF !!!  I will translate for you Senator ... THANK YOU SIR !!  
, Honorable Senator @POTUS  is calling you a TRAITOR for discussing the success of service dogs to the media. APOLOGIZE!
thank you. thank you for working to save our country. I bet you didn't see this coming!
Thank you for the bill. My pets kept me sane when my husband got a brain virus. They are good listeners.
IT WAS A GOOD BILL, AL. Yay, Tuesday! Yay, service dogs!
you're the man Al !!!!
Thank you Senator Franken

"Whatever happened to the Trump - Russia story?"
Who is a good senator? Who is the best fighter-for-our rights? Is it you, Sen. Franken? Pretty sure it is. Thanks.
as a Veteran I thank you sir.
@PattyArquette  outstanding.
I need to find myself someone that photogenic for pictures with me. Smart!
Oh! I didn't know he died. Service dogs are fabulous for vets, thank you for your law. - An old @NEADSdogs weekend puppy raiser.
@kschade Please think about running for President in 2020
@Undancey Tuesday all smiles with this member of the Yale Pediatric Behavioral Staff Tuesday and the ECAD Service Dogs
Love it! 
Me too just found this 
please fight USDA-APHIS' removal of its online database. Animal cruelty crosses party lines says #Tucker #NoUSDAblackout
I hate to hear of the passing of your friend Luis Montalvan. Whatever became of his dog?
Anyone who supports more puppies helping people is a friend of mine. Thanks @SenFranken.
#TBT to seeing Tuesday, a service dog who influenced 1st bill I ever intro'd (which became law) to increase number of service dogs for vets. 
@ServiceDogPr Service dogs are amazing!!
that's so cute. :)
Good stuff Senator Franken.  I appreciate your good work!
13/10 would pet Tuesday. 13/10 would vote for President Franken.
@peenyweeny1218 
 
The Admiring Audience continued to clap:
   apaws,apaws.

Dog Humor 

Sorry in advance.
USDA took info off of site that directly impacts animal welfare -puppies, dogs, kittens, cats. WHY do they want to harm?
Fantastic. :)
Congrats to you and Tuesday! I hope he/she can help service members cope. Maybe 1/2country now needs them as emotional support
What's extra awesome about this is that Tuesday is smiling for the camera.
thank you, for, everything. Good feelings, in the sea of bad.
Using your powers for good - bravo! (Yes, we do need to acknowledge and celebrate these moments!)
They're good dogs Al
Thank you for caring Senator. Empathy seems to be in short supply these days.
and that my friend is what the liberals do!
great   that good new
Tuesday is the best thing I've seen this week. #whosagooddog
Thank you for that bill. My has a large # of VETS & many are able to focus/complete academically bc of their service dogs
@TVMaury Excellent photo! Great Bill. Thank you Senator. #Servicedogs
Sorry about your friend Senator. I appreciate the job you're doing.
President Al Franken. I like the way that sounds! Tough, but with a huge heart!
adorable dog and worthy cause @dog_rates
Al Franken for President.
Isn't this the dog whose owner recently left him with a friend before dying? That was a very sad story.
I didn't realize his owner was a friend, I am sorry for your loss.
Al Franken I love you. You are so gosh darn worth it!
Franken/Warren 2020!
that dog has more experience in government and actual policy making than the whole @WhiteHouse nowadays
You are an American Hero
