GOP bill does not address real health care issues people are facing. Would be a disaster for economic stability & livelihood of MN families.
GOP health care plan is nothing more than thinly disguised attempt to gift billions of $$$ in tax breaks to the very richest few Americans.
GOP plan would fundamentally destroy #Medicaid as we know it, & make life harder and more expensive for millions and millions of Americans.
Like its sibling in the House of Representatives, Senate #HealthcareBill is horrible plan born of dangerously partisan bill-making process.
.@SenateGOP wants to pull one over on American people by forcing vote on bill ASAP—w/o meaningful debate, public input, committee oversight.
I will fight the Republican #HealthcareBill with every ounce of strength that I have, because the livelihoods of Minnesotans are at stake.
I believe we need to be directing our efforts to working in bipartisan way to address actual problems that exist in our health care system.
We should address lack of competition in insurance exchanges, Rx drug costs. We should improve people’s lives, not make them more difficult.
Why is women's health negotiable?
You need to pull a Gandalf the Grey and demand:  "You shall not pass!"
Spend time with your loved ones while they can still afford their medications.  It won't last long.
It's terrible!  I am worried for my patients.
Republicans are going to vote to kill my sister. This bill is immoral and Rpubs who vote for it are monsters. Where are all the pro-lifers?
It's disgusting. An insult to all Americans.
Back Beast, lest the light of the noonday sun defile your long sheltered hide
Every Democratic senator should hold a town hall explaining the bill.
We know why Mitch Mc was hiding it. It's garbage
THIS BILL IS NOT ACCEPTABLE!!!
isn't pretty much just what we expected?
How much help will Trump Care provide for lube
It's a total shit show & I expect you to employ EVERY means available to you to stop it. Every. Tactical. Means.
@SenateMajLdr's plan is abt @senategop hating Obama's ACA success, not healthcare.
Quick! Hide it!
Medicaid cap and cuts are heartless. Nobody escapes poverty when burdened with oppressive medical debt! This especially harms children!
Please, don't let it pass.
Worse than House GOP. DEATH SENTENCE for me guaranteed. 
Sad
Hopefully 
Rancid hyena dung.
Remember when some of us thought the Senate version of the #AHCA couldn't be as bad as the House version?  Boy were we wrong!
Well I've always believed sunshine is the best disinfectant. That bill"s going to need a whole lot of sunshine.
It looks the GOP has been finally unmasked as the death panel they tried to make us fear when obamacare was passed. It was them all along.
It needs to crawl back under that rock and work a lot harder!
I feel like I'm stuck in a bad movie that's on every channel #WhereIsMyAmerica people dragged out of wheelchairs?  Who are we?
What? what? What does it say?
Is the AHCA really the best our elected officials can do?We need better solutions,please rise above petty politics and offer a real solution
#Stealthcare comes out of @SenateMajLdr  shell. There was no rejoicing. It's as ruthless as Mitch's disregard for the constitution.
Kill it
plain and simple:   evil.
we just throw it away and or burn it
@RepAdamSchiff @tedlieu -oh, look, Al is Zthinking instead of finger-pointing (because that's what leaders do).
They should've kept hiding. What a disgrace.
Senator just interviewed on @MSNBC called the Senate plan a reiteration of Obamacare. He wants no votes to signal fixing it (so it's WORSE).
For weeks u have been decrying secrecy while at the same time saying how bad it is?  U just make negative statements for partisan purposes
We find out #Trumpcare is as cruel as we have come to expect of #GOP #McConnell and all .@SenateGOP
there is no reason wealthy people should profit on this healthcare plan while the middle class and poor suffer mighty
any true Christian that is in favor of this healthcare plan is truly not a real Christian
it's scarier than people thought
THIS IS EVIL AND HEARTLESS AND INHUMANE AND HORRIFIC AND DISGUSTING AND BANNON AND MILLER ENCOURAGED BY THE VAPID MAN WITH THE ORANGE HAIR 
It's a Genocide Plan, not a Health Care Plan...
NO TO AHCA.  #Tanning Tax Credit.  Please fight with @SenBobCasey to save the voiceless.  Thank you Sir.
Have been calling my Senators, hope everyone will do the same:  (202) 224-3121.  Tell them we are watching!
Another Trumpian caliber FAIL.
@amyklobuchar Isn't the GOP breaking the Olmstead Law for people w/disabilities by taking medicaid away?
THIS is the BEST all the GOP's lobbyist and staff could come up with? Well Dems tried, now GOP, so run all the #'s and only Universal works.
It appears as though in the sunlight the plan is so much brighter than Obama's disastrous attempt.  I hope you see the light and support it.
I've read that Democrata can add infinite amendments to this bill. Is this true? Is this something your staff is looking to do?
https://twitter.com/ACLU/status/877916375209181184 … please weigh in on this in a public forum. MN seems to be having a rash of incidents lately
Minnesota motorist was pulled over and brutally assaulted by an officer while still buckled in his seat. Now he's facing jail time for it. 
Dial 911 Life support needed now.
I was expecting at least a P90X coupon or a Kentucky Coal for Cancer Kids program. Nope. The #TrumpDontCare bill really is mean!
I think Congress should get a stipend to buy their own Indiv coverage on open market under Trumpcare. What's good for the goose.....
It's still a tax cut, not a health care plan.
It is deceptive It is meant to cripple the USA
Pretty much.......
#GOPShitCareBill2017
@SenFranken 
As expected, the @SenateGOP and the @HouseGOP along with @realDonaldTrump have everyone covered....with a white sheet! 
#trumpDEATHcare allows #Americans to order #coffins online.  #Cemetery plots are at premiums.
Cruelty for what reasons?
Because they find it fun and/or profitable to torture those who don't believe as they do or have as much money as they have?
Whoops severe
* trump care
Does it even address the sever mental health issues and confinement for @POTUS Under article 25?? Poor guy! Straight jacket..  best option
...from them.
Let's call a spade a spade. It's shit.
Pure ????
It needs to be doused with holy water and garlic.
