Help me Al, this GOP has got me slouching toward Apathy...
Don’t give up, that’s what they want! That’s why they are doing all this at once! They want us to feel helpless but- look at ACA-we are NOT!
Thank you Cat Woman I needed that!
I think we are all suffering Outrage Fatigue.
I know! I’m starting to show signs of concussion-like symptoms from shaking my head, and no longer trust the mirror in my main floor privy!
Why do republicans want to destroy democracy?
Both do. Diff btwn Dems & Reps is speed their knees hit the ground when corps come knocking. Repubs get away w/ more bc of relation w/church
The US government hates the First Ammendment and seeks to control the flow of information, just like China.
While I care deeply about this PEOPLE IN PUERTORICO ARE DYING!!!!  
People can multitask. Also, the word getting out about future disasters & related corruption is at stake here.
Ahh, there it is.
While crucial, #CHIP deadline passed.  Please #protectkidscare
Just HOW did this guy get confirmed? Ugh.
We have multiple natural disasters that have happened and instead of attending to them our freedoms are being attacked!
Again?!? The hell @GOP? Why does everything they touch have to be horrible?
Honest Q: why do the citizens of the US have to endure a constant assault on our freedoms coming from same govt that supposed to rep us?
GET MONEY OUT OF POLITICS
This is just a peek of what internet would look like with net neutrality. I will quit the internet forever if this happens.
Sorry this is what internet would look like WITHOUT net neutrality.
We all need to make our voices heard in the morning. Lets make some calls.
Yes, because everything is fekkin awful. I am sure that tomorrow's Senate vote means the end of  #netneutrality. I am not even gonna front.
Please begin the filibuster to bring attention and stop them!
Oh come on....
CALL YOUR LEADERS!
Yep. But money can be made, so other than fill our money-minded representatives mail boxes, what do you suggest we do?
Yell, scream, kick? Yep. Money is indeed going to win. I wish there was a world where that didn't happen...but , ya know?
If we lose net neutrality democracy suffers! DON’T GO THERE... NO WAY BACK!
Only in America...
Why are these republicans able to do much damage w/o challenge?
Every time i look up GOP tear down or take away fr the people food healthcare housing public schools EVERYTHING NOW our privacy on internet
No privacy. Justice Dept now asking social media companies for all accts that protest Trump/Repubs. Beginnings of fascism. Quell dissent.

Hi sue
What's the best course of action against this?
What do we do? Who do we contact?
Why isn't the Senate focusing on CHIP and other pressing matters?  #netneutrality will be challenged in court
So much damage is being done, in so many areas... and we’re not even a quarter of the way through Trump’s reign.
Hopefully we're less than half

Figures YOU would want to curb the #1A right to free speech...
Fighting the GOP is exhausting. They are murderers and should be jailed before more damage is done.  Inaction = compliance w/NRA, HC & CHIP.

Why am I not surprising about @salemstate ? http://www.bostonglobe.com/metro/2017/10/01/whites-only-usa-racist-pro-trump-graffitifound-salem-state/hlEmzRHKq2BWMJnHfEF7YI/story.html?event=event25 … & https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/75EqHmRwfHu …
1) Some person or entity always pays 4 Internet svc & "openness" takes 1000s of lives annually. Happy medium is needed.
2) Certain counties must be blocked 2 save lives, like theirs places that use Internet 4 terrorism or election manipulation. In addition,
3) Internet should be free 4 public libraries & schools, discounted for State colleges & universities, & community colleges.  Secure Wi-Fi
4) hubs should be available in poor neighborhoods, like north side of Minneapolis, Bronzeville in Chicago, & the "Bottoms" (Mantua) in
5/5) in Philly based on average per capita income records. This is easy. Thus, tomorrow's vote must fail & bill redevated. Thanks, Al; U!!
& sorry for the typos
@LAGilman  This horrible GOP government wants to destroy everything. They have become the enemy.
Uh oh. #bigbrother wants to take away our #freethought #Orwell #1984
I'm getting too old for any more of Trump's crap! Want to live long enough to see future hope for my grandchildren!
It's The Apocalypse Al, The Apocalypse.!
Just what Newt Gingrich, Trump et all planed allong: Authoritarian Technocratic US govt, sealed borders, all White citizens. Go to #14Words
how horrible
it's like we live in the Court of Louis XVI now
peasants don't matter
The good news just keeps on coming. So much winning!
How come everything this Congress seems to want to do is screw over the American people in every way possible. Oh @GOP controls Congress NM
Feeling threatened by intelligence? Damn the senate
Noooo
What about #CHIPexpiredSept30 ?? 9 million children could lose their healthcare, will it be reauthorized?
THIS should be #TRENDING.  please RT!

#netNeutrality vote #MONDAY
Capitol Switchboard: 202-224-3121
Don't understand why it's needed.
I'm sure the Comcast owned ghouls at @MSNBC are doing their best to make sure we don't lose  #netneutrality
Repubs are doing a Mafia/Sopranos style bust out, leaving the USA in bankruptcy. This is classic Mob greed played at a very high level.
Oh terrific.  Another avenue to have our pocket picked and privacy violated.
Pray they have the courage to do just that .@senfranken. It'd be a victory for property rights & a rebuke to a power hungry federal guvmint
PAY ATTENTION, everyone!
Help
We know how this is going to go. They are not working for the ppl. Healthcare food shelter clothing is privilege
Pay attention twitter
Just sent my messages to my senators. Thank you, Senator Franken.
Is this a Law, ... a rule, or some other @SenateMajLdr McConnell BS? Trump
's nominee is an utter nitwit. Stop him please!
Al what can we do?
The GOP has shown that freedom and being open are not its primary principles. Just follow the money.
It’s another Monday - set your alarm and call and fax and email
The internet should be compared to the "commons," a public place open to everyone, equally, no favorites.
Senator-what the heck is being done about the person ("President") in the White House? I mean COME ON!!!!!! #had enough
How many Democrats will vote to end Net neutrality?
Thank you for the alert, Senator. The daily alerts are crushing, so any help in prioritizing is appreciated.
My incredulity is starting to leak out my very pores. It is permeating my perception of reality, soon I fear my head will just blow up.
My senator is Al Franken thank god.
How to battle for the future of the Internet↓-your senators ASAP, it may end soon.
https://twitter.com/fightfortheftr/status/913842436283273217 …
Save #NetNeutrality protections!
How to save #NetNeutrality in 3 easy steps:
1. Grab your 
2. Click here  https://www.battleforthenet.com/?call=1 
3. #FirePai  
This guys a tool
They've taken everything else from us, why not that too.

Doesn't it break some anti-monopoly laws?
Had to know it was coming.
So this is what he meant by building a wall.
To @SenToomey @SenBobCasey I hope you will support "Net Neutrality" so that all internet users experience the same download speeds.
Please don't let that happen
Eh, what's new? They want to watch the world burn and no one can stop them.
Thanks Republicans!
The Internet is part of our world. Please, @SenToomey, don't make our world worse.
What else can we in blue states do to help?
FAXED @SenDonnelly and @SenToddYoung this evening about this very issue. Thanks, sir!
Call your reps!
I swear it's one battle after another
Just like CHIP this has been kept VERY quiet! There needs to be loads of screaming!!
I hope y'all do the right thing and not the greedy thing.
@SenSherrodBrown @senrobportman everyone I know is in favor of #net neutrality. A vote to end it would be a vote against your constituents.
Imagine what would happen if everyone in this country decided to boycott the Internet for 48 hours.
Mr franken, please can you do something about Trump?
Why Why Why is it we now have to fight for everything good & right? Many more important things the house should be doing! #NotMyGov #Impeach
Sad truth is many of our reps probably don't even fully understand the Intrawebs nor the importance of net neutrality. Whadda we do?
This must be fought at all costs!
Re-fund CHIP please
@SenWarren @SenMarkey Please filibuster any attempt to end #NetNeutrality!
Successful vote gives free cable for life to Congress.
SCARY....
Why do we have to call and fight for normalcy every day?!  This fuckers are the goddammed worst people.
They're really pushing it!
This vet is becoming too sad at the impending death of America at the hands of the conservative GOP. Conserve means protect not destroy! WTF
Call 202-224-3121 or text RESIST TO 50409 tell your Senators and Congress what you think about having your voice taken away from the Internet!
The end of net neutrality would be a tragedy for the continued development of the internet.

Hey @SusanSarandon is THIS what you meant? Thanks so much for your bullshit. #FU Sue.
Look how FAUX "news" has created a bunch of misinformed ppl. Imagine when GOP controls every shred of dialogue on every conversation
#Evil
It's laughable that people think the GOP stands for greater protection of our freedoms. #actionsspeaklouderthanwords
Stay true #WeThePeople back you and our COUNTRY before party.
Greed & control syndrome...
@greenfrogy44 do not end net neutrality!!!
Why does it seem like we’re doing more work than our elected officials
Thanks for the heads up Senator Franken.
If the CORRUPT GOP can fu*k up something that works fine, they will
Jeeez...will we ever take another full breath? 
Must keep swimming...need more oxygen!
Millions risk drowning in the @GOP ocean of ugliness.
Desiding who gets priorities for traffic by money or ideology F××× No, #NetNeutrality #medicare4all #ClimateChangeIsReal #CH4emissions
I'm pretty sure the GOP is going to at least try to end it.
Doomsday approach is wearing thin. Nothing Congress is doing is the end of anything. You all will end long before that. #TheTalkingDead
Speak up folks. Call yur senators & congressman!!
I have left 12 comments on the website, sent missives to my Senators and my useless Rep, and literally have NET NEUTRALITY AS MY avatar!

Yes, we are aware trump is ripping democracy apart. So far, Congress can’t stop hm. What else can we do, Senator? This isn’t enough.
I feel like we are living in a nightmare. Why is @realdonaldtrump @HouseGOP @SenateGOP doing so many hurtful things to us? Do they hate us?
So... what do we do?
This is exhausting. What will the GOP focus on to f up next? How is all of this reality in 2017? I used to be so proud of my country.

Very worried about this. Internet access is not optional for anyone these days. #SaveNetNeutrality
Why Would you vote for the end of #netneutrality .@marcorubio ???
It's doomed. RWNJ white man looking for any means to put a stop to all this free info and multiple voices. Believe me the end is near.
Sweet Jesus, every day it's something.
If you lose, I’m buying Ted Cruz’s search history.
It's should be free and open.
What can I do. I live in NY but seriously I need to do something.
Fight Fight Fight Al!  We're proud of you in Minnesota!
God damn it's just non stop at all angles. 
All hands on deck! Thanks for the heads up. Calling my rep. #HandsOffMyInternet
It would make it much easier for present and future  administration 's to control us  wouldn't it ? Call your Senator 's
God what the hell next?  Thanks for heads up
BTW, I did a whole descriptive analysis of it in Grad School.  Should I come in a present?
Leaving #MSP, was hoping I would run into you so you could sign my copy of #GiantoftheSenate.
omfg.  The End of Net Neutrality is, is..awful.
What can be done to stop it?
What can be done?
Get dialing, folks!
What about CHIP
STOP IT 

ALL OF YOU RIGHT NOW. 

PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF CAKE

JUST  STOP!!!!
What about the kids health insurance?
What's your plan Senator?
I wonder how many Repubs have bought stock today in internet sites that would charge?  Seems like something they would do, ala Tom Price.

None of this should be on the table as long as there's a nut job in the White House.  #impeach45now
AGAIN????  I thought we (the people) made our views known on that already (TWICE).  Must be a lot of money at stake.
Thank you for your vote to keep net neutrality -- it's critical.
The destruction of the U.S.A. continues.
I resist bot faxed them
#Franken2020
Well, stop it then.
#NetNeutrality is more important than ever before with @realDonaldTrump choking the life out of America and its' Constitution
If the majority of Comcast subscribers(at min)cancelled their contracts,I bet they’d renegotiate #netneutrality
@gop @SenateGOP don't like the words free and open. They want profits, kickbacks and to censor with quasi Christian laws. @CitizensFedUp
Shock doctrine indeed. What about CHIPs? They let that lapse.
How close is the vote?
The senate already failed 9 million children!
#CHIP 

#ImpeachTrump 

@CNNPolitics @TheDemocrats @nytimes
UGH!!!!!!
Comes a day after Spain cuts off Internet for Catalonia
Yet another shit bomb Trump and his syndicate administration love throwing at Americans.
I forgot b/cz millions of children r now without ins-CHIP; Millions r suffering in PR; someone stupid is goading NoKo; @SenateGOP don't care
Let the calling begin..
This will be how the GOP Trump try to silence most of us, putting info out of our reach unless we pay through the nose.
Exactly right!
Who is actually pushing against #netneutrality?
As of there isn't enough shit going on in the world already. #PuertoRico #Catalunya
And first they came for my free and open communication...
Exactly!!!
Welcome back newsprint!
This will be the day skynet is born.(
This gives government the power to track down and arrest protestors. Part of a police state. It helps in gerrymandering + voter suppression
Fight like hell for open internet Al!
Thank god
Already called my senators and signed a trillion petitions. What else can I do to stop Pai's confirmation? #NetNeutrality
Call every day, call all the offices, use resistbot, tweet them, email them...
They're already voting against him. Blue state.
You are lucky to be in a blue state! Thank you for still being involved with helping.  I was always in a blue state too...until November 
Sorry to ask potentially silly Q, but is this a simple majority vote or what and who should we be calling to encourage to vote no, ANY R's?
I don’t know how the vote works but here’s some numbers to call
Then I would expect it to end tomorrow. You lot don't seem to be able to stop them from dismantling the government or our lives.
#StopEverything
!!!!!!!!! I’m telling you
To reject @AjitPaiFCC as FCC Chairman to perpetuate harmful so-called #NetNeutrality regs that are result of corruption would be a tragedy.
Based on what analysis? Net neutrality benefits the majority. Without it the 1% will shut down free speech and resistance to oligarchy!
What to do?
Don’t yell but be firm & let them know we see all of it!! All about CHIP, about PR, about Net Neutrality, about confirmationsWe See it & 
Free and open for the government to choose what you see. I'd pick a private co. who wants my business over a gov with it's hand in my pocket
Ending net neutrality will mean the only people with free & open access to the Internet will be Russian bots.
That's brilliant! WE SEE YOU!
@FCC @AjitPaiFCC @GOP @SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP @VP
Internet shud b listed as utility. current category Is frm when they only offered TV. Phone srvc is a utility. So treat it all that way.
Come on @POTUS , you can see the the consumers wants to keep #NetNeutrality . Do this for your people and you will be thanked.
Who doesn't love a monopoly controlling the content you can see? Keep fighting the good fight @SenFranken
Everyone should have clarity and know which leaders vote for and against!
Senator, a rudderless ship will find no port safely. Our leadership is non-existent important issues are pushed to the background. Good luck
They could defer North Korea to the states
We are toast.

Do what you can Al.

And please run for President in 2020.

Lots of repairs will be needed.
Dont disparage toast
Tell he he...Thanks for the giggle. I needed that.
Everytime Trump Tweets something.
I think we should just end the Internet so ww3 doesn't start because of 140 characters.
Anything we can do at this point? Or like most things in this Admin, are they just sneaking it through to increase their corp donations?
Good question. Call member of Congress, senators??
Who do we write about this?
