Let's stop leaving it up to Congress. Let the American people vote on gun control. #Iwontbackdown
@CelaineF ... following the PADDOCK!
@SENKAMALAHARRIS 
@POTUS
@Omarosa45 
@PUPPYMNKEY 
@SpeakerRyan 
@prestonjoseph27
@RWPUSA
@JoyAnnReid
We owe it to these people to begin a dialogue about guns right now
That's what we said after Sandy Hook, after Pulse ... & nothing has happened.
May the government if i don't have job i don't another mistake.
Gun control is to the DFL's that Obamacare is to the GOP. Something to rally the troops but do nothing about. Ugh, so tired of it all!
@CelaineF  ... and shoot somebody and "THEY"
will still VOTE for him! Maybe it's time to stop following some of the money and start...
@CelaineF  I don't know what to make of this. I distinctly remember Donald Trump saying he could stand in the middle of the street...
The tragedy is the corruptness of a Congress that has sold its soul to the @nra #NRATerrorists
please apply your great wit toward persuading those in fear of the NRA that a huge public majority want sensible gun control NOW!
.@SenFranken That doesn't change anything or prevent the next mass shooting. We need legislation NOW. LEAD!!
I am afraid what you write.
We look forward to hearing about what immediate policy changes you're proposing to protect us. Enough is enough.
Our friend is still missing. Please RT
If my work is bad the place is good.
Please take the full inventory of the weapons/ammo this villan assembled and put it on the floor of the senate to see if it can be defended
#NRAIsATerroristOrg #GOPOffNRADole More Americans killed by the NRA than ISIS and Al Qaeda combined. https://www.facebook.com/thejapantimes/posts/10154927107228344 …
Now is the time for gun control. Put a Bill together and roll call vote so we can know how far thoughts and prayers mean to Congress
Al, if you're not prepared to repeal the 2nd Amendment, your heart will forever go out to families. Sandy Hook, Orlando, LV...tomorrow?
My company name is goodwiil don't forget.
I beg you and your colleagues to at least try for gun control measures.  I know it's an uphill battle but please try.
Thank you for a statesman like response to this tragedy.

By any means you find Good will I wish another government job I wanna http://try.capital  hill Good will work there
I work here and I 1200 monthly that is good in the fewther am gona pay bells . I do want loose my job.
How about insisting @GOP squash silencer bill?  Show Americans they care about safety over allegiance to @NRA goons! #Gaslightingamerica
We need sensible gun regulations, Senator. Please, help us!
A tragedy also happened in congress when 9 million children lost their health care thanks to do nothing idiots in congress
what purpose is there for civilians to have submachine guns, sir?
I agree, those are military grade weapons and civilians should not have access to them..period. #CommonSenseGunControl
Louder Al........help us. Help us stop this gun madness.
Franken 2020!!!!!!!
We need more now. Heart felt platitudes are not enough. We are no longer safe in this Country thanks to @realDonaldTrump and @VladimirPutin
I work Department of the Tresury
I wanna telll secret to Tramp
Now get your colleagues to pass gun control. No more thoughts and prayers. Action.
20 dead five year olds weren't enough. Neither will the 58 who died yesterday. Because y'know.....guns. #LasVegasShooting #GunControlNow
We love you, Al, but when are you & Congress going to take action? Americans deserve to be safe attending a concert, school or mall.
Since we compensated the people killed in the 9-11 attacks, what do we do for new victims of domestic terrorism? Bankrupt them? Curious.
Thank you for not offering your thoughts and prayers.
We appreciate you!! but business as usual is not going to work this time...in the hands of the 535.. DON'T let it get into the publics hands
Senator Al, go to the floor immediately and re-introduce legislation to take these weapons off the streets and out of the gun stores.
Repeal "Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act" and MN lawyers will do the heavy lifting. The gun safety technology exists today.
How about we get something going on banning these type of guns for the general public to buy??
I'm so sick of thoughts and prayers, thats a pass. Please legislate and implement gun control #NRATerrorism
Thanks for being original rather than using "my thoughts and prayers are..." It's become hackneyed...which itself says something about US.
Oh man, what a big heart! Now DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT.
Please get your colleagues to say NO to the SHARE ACT. #nogunsnosilencers
The tragedy in LV should wake up the msm & Democrats to stop the daily division, hatred, & political agendas they push daily! #TIMEtoHEAL
It’s a call for action!!! Stand up to all of this craziness!! Gun control, health care for kids, climate change!
Please propose gun reform legislation!
this tragedy highlights not only the need for mature gun regulation, but also our need for free universal healthcare #healthcareforall
But nothing will be done to stop it
Take away the guns.
Please push for gun control legislation. This should NOT be our new normal.
Your hatred for America and Americans who have different opinions than you led to this tragedy. Your party murdered them.
What are you going to do to stop ongoing gun violence??  Need all of senate & house acting together!!
Senator Franken, I call on you to protest for the sake of stronger #guncontrol laws. What I ask of you is this, protest RIGHT AWAY!!!
So those in house and senate agree on the "hearts/thoughts/prayers" bs, just not enough 2 defy gun mkr masters on legislative solutions?
I support your leadership,Begging for Gun Control,stop $ from NRA,how many more innocents will die? Blood on our govmnt
@SenFranken ban assault weapons
Stand up to nra.  Get rid of multi round guns and magazines
Yes. And now we need your hands and feet and voice with meaningful legislation on #GunControlNow!
Please make gun control a priority.
Quit praying and start drafting gun control legislation.
Ban high capacity magazines.  There is no reason any one needs a rifle that holds more than 4 shots.
Why am I thanking God that the shooter is a white male?!?! 
Because that's how screwed up America is!!! 
#TrumpBreedsHate #AbolishTheNRA
95% of Americans will be concerned for family and friends the other 5% (Dems) will call for gun control and make it political.
When will you all do something?
Please senator do something about gun control. Please.
respectfully, your heart being with anyone won't stop this from happening again. will you introduce gun control legislation? #GunControlNow
Our hearts are too! Now get off your butts and pass legislation !
Tougher gun laws! No silencers. Tax guns the way tobacco is taxed. Tax money then funds gun education.
good try but not enough. Follow UK example. Strict gun controls the only way.
Please keep fighting in Washington to address gun laws & mental illness in our country. This shooting needs to be the beginning of change.
#Terrorism
We need #GunControlNow
Prayers and condolences are welcome but you are in the position to help prevent this. #GunControlNow

Mine too. "Well regulated" gun control.  NOW
What are you going to do about it?
3 killed in Lawrence KS Sunday am on Mass street. When will this end?
Thoughts and prayers are nice. Let’s do something to help reduce gun violence. Stop the silencer law for one.
I'm so sad
Now Senator Franken? Is now a good time to ban assault weapons? Or will the Senate just have another moment of silence?
Yet another white man with an arsenal of guns? 

Just another day in America.
PLEASE work to tighten gun laws!
I can't plead w my own heartless, idiotic senators in TX.
Let's talk common sense gun !
Please stand up for gun control. Automatic weapons have nothing to do the Second Amendment.
Ban - Outlaw - Prohibit Automatic weapons!!  These are MILITARY ONLY!!!
Screw kissing the NRA asses!!  Grow a spine!
Terrorist attack! Stop putting it as a normal disaster. Or it wasn't a Muslim? #LasVegas
Don't vote for silencer bill.
I'm surprised it's not terrorism, but they only use words like that 4 muslims
Try supporting the President Al. If this had happened in Minneapolis, you would be deflecting what happened and not even call it what it is.
Wait you say Trump is been pushing a gun control agenda? That's the first I've ever heard of that
I don't need to hear/read about sympathies. Actions is all I care about now.
love you, Senator
How many more thousands of people are going to die from gun violence before Congress passes stricter gun control?
How about an assault weapon ban now?
The Republicans are the ones who are in the back pocket of the NRA. Until they are serious about gun reform, nothing will change.
i don't own a gun but my fear of marshal law by potus sirta makes me wanna protect my family and rights.
Can we instead of saying “thoughts and prayers” instead vow to work endlessly for gun control and rally people to donate blood?
Not a tragedy. Puerto Rico hurricane is a tragedy. This was a murder, subsidized by the NRA.
Sure! ppl don't take accountability at all. That's the Dem way. Blame it on someone else.
Gun control now !! That will fix the problem !!!!
And how? I am sure ppl will come out & say they knew he would do this. He was mental.... ppl seeing this b4 hand that do nothing r 2 blame.
No reciprocity laws please.
Then more ppl will be killed since they can't protect themselves.
Typical liberal.
And if his remark was very conservative I would of said typical conservative. Both dem and rep have good and bad.
Save your BS  and spend your time asking for boycott of NRA
These deaths in Vegas are on the United States Congress, past & present, for failing to write common sense gun laws. Shame.
Access to guns, access to guns. When is US going to limit access?
At least you aren't sending out your "warmest condolences"....oh gag
Terrorism by the NRA.  Watch their newest videos if you don’t think so.
link 2 vids??

Also
Will always have illegal automatic guns out there. Can't control it.
You and Congress are to blame; Gun Control should have been addressed decades ago; Dem or Rep each of you have blood on your hands.
With citizens United the gun manufacturers can spend in money stopping sensible gun control laws it's not dem or rep it's money
When can something be done??? Please make them take action.  We have to stop this.
The thing that gets me is why does "the average joe" need a semi automatic weapon? That's like giving a military k9 to Joe blow next door
Do your job. Legislate. The @NRA are only powerful if you give them the power to control your vote. Do what’s right and legislate.
But Democrats are the only ones to stand up to the NRA... Republicans consistently vote radical pro-gun.
How about you stand up to these #NRAterrorists and take the guns off our streets!? #MeltThemDown
*terrorist attack
#GunControlNow
Now do something about gun violence and white domestic terrorism. 93 more people today will be killed by guns.
Republicans don't give a shit about people, just their rich donors.
Very tragic and sad! Praying for the families
Will Congress ever make any attempt to stop homegrown domestic terrorists?
I have a question. Where were the good guys with guns?
Sensible gun control?
