The truck driver’s trailer brakes were frozen, but he was fired for abandoning the trailer in order to avoid freezing to death. Watch:
Judge Gorsuch agreed with the employer in that case, which isn’t just disturbing, but also gives us a glimpse into his judicial philosophy.
I also brought up the fact to another witness that Judge Gorsuch has evaded ???s about personal judgement & decision-making. #GorsuchHearing
thank you for your hard work!
I figured you would do something awesome today. @PrinceReebusRNC
that was enlightening shame on Gorusch.
Keep Up The Pressure,  Al.
Trump wants Gorsuch who thought trucker shd freeze to death, but he wears " truckers" button! @SenFranken @Gus_802
Pres Trump, wearing an "I Trucks" button, didn't know about the delay in House vote as he began healthcare meeting with truckers. 
He's a strict corporate contract guy: the company was within its right.
... +++ ...
Gorsuch was ruling based on law that Congress passed. You don't like his judgement, change the law that you clowns wrote!
How about asking Gorsuch about this court decision? #Resistance #TheResistance #TrumpiLeaks #ImpeachTrump #Trumpcare #resist
you really came across as mentally deranged during the hearing
You were a lame comedian, but at least you were trying to be funny. Now you're just a joke.
@LauraExley2 This trucker was also blackmailed with the industry and could not get a job wrong
That is Black balled Dam spellcheck
Worse & scarier? His belief that a person's concepts in their religion take precedent over another's civil rights @starfirst
No Gorsuch!! Not now, not ever! Gorsuch isn't conservative, he's primarily out for privileged clients.
Time to #filibuster, sir!
you Rock!! I love how you told them you can smell BS a mile away. Gorsuch comes across as a legal robot with no heart.
excellent call. Thank you for standing up for people over businesses. Again.
how do you spell Al Franken? One clue ... starts with the letter D
You nailed the problem with him on the head. Thank you for standing up for common sense and us citizens.
do not confirm #resist
@ParentofSam1 So, this is typical Republican prioritization of corporations over ppl, assuming the worst of ppl. Just like ACHA.
Franken, is that ALL YOU'VE GOT?? Pitiful..
It's really hard for me to read anything you tweet without thinking of Stuart Smalley.
Franken for president 2020. He's good enough, he's smart enough, and doggone it, people like him!
so I tried to watch you during the hearing.  You do realize you are way out of your intellectual league, right?
Lawyers don't get killed by company policies like that. Truck drivers, construction workers, miners do.
Thank you. This country needs you, your ethics, your clarity, your heart.
Keep up the pressure...demand 60 votes, hire a super world famous parliamentarian, anything to keep SCOTUS at 8 for 4 years.
Neil Gorsuch believes judges should follow the law. @SenFranken believes judges should follow their feelings if they agree with his feelings
Thank You for Speaking Up and Opposing #NotGorsuch
your doing a great job! Thank you for fighting for America! #resist 
@Basterds_Fight I wonder,  if the trucker wasn't black would his decision been different? Oh hell, I'm sure of it #AnotherRacist
@GreenEyedLilo Hypothermia is so unpleasant, isn't it?
Very impressed with your persistent line of questioning.
I was stunned by the facts of this case.  Fired for his decision to save his own life and the decision supported by Gorsuch. 
Not only his own life but the lives of others!! #NoGorSuch
@Basterds_Fight thank you Senator for respecting the United States and her people. This is all so scary. The people r terrified
@terrysuesweeten This guy "Gorsuch" is a wolf in sheep's clothing!! #Scary #StolenSeat
Garland got hosed but forcing the nuclear option on a qualified candidate is a waste of time
to be fair freezing to death is unpleasant
Since this seat was stolen, please  keep the heat on Gorsuch and convince others to vote no!
They find frozen to death people stranded in cars after every blizzard! I  hope a Kharmic resonance is in his future.
Your Q's are superb, you're a great leader, but can't let this nomination go forward with #Trumprussia FBI investigation.
more great questions from one of Congress's more moronic.
Unpleasant?The trucker describes poss hypothermia?Sure, he's going 2 downgrade a bit fear loss of job. Well that happened anyway
again....what is the law?  If you don't like the law, change it.
thank you for sharing that testimony
Do not relent!  Keep at it.  This is so very important as you well know.
Cuz @GOP stops caring one iota for human life the moment after birth?
I thought Neil made it plain in his dissent that the law needed fixing to remedy further similar problems- he won't benchislate
gorsuch is one of those gosh darn chummy monsters. Perfect candidate from a GOP perspective. Completely without empathy.
Gorsuch: NO! Crap Repub health care: NO!
Corps are people,truckers should freeze to death,judicial activism,etc. His record says back to the Robber Barrons&roaring 20s
why is there even a hearing????
I suppose one could view living in a concentration camp as unpleasant as well.
You did.  Seemed Gorsuch wanted him to freeze to death,
