Expanding overtime pay protections could help millions of Americans, including tens of thousands of Minnesotans.
But now, @TheJusticeDept is dropping defense of #overtimerule. Workers in MN and across our nation deserve better.
Not since trickle down greed.
Off the subject, I just purchased your book today. Loving every minute of it. Thank you for your intellect and your witty sense of humor.
You have to run in 2020. You just do. After reading your book, I think so even more #Franken2020
So, do you support a living wage then?
#FightFor15
Tough question but Ill go with a big fat YES!
Good! BTW, Rheu. I was having a horrible day yesterday, sorry I was such a bleakster. ;-)
We all have them sister! No harm no foul 
Formula! Wake up America. This crap is divisive. Be disciplined and look to facts, not emotion.
When has it ever been?
if employer wont pay what u think u are worth then look for a new job. if u cant get a better one, maybe *gasp* u r the problem
Corporations exploit workers because they can. Reality is they changed the face of America. Modern day Robber Barons are who you defend 
Im not defending anything. We are the market and we decide what we are worth and what we will pay for goods and services
Very true on a consumer view. Corporations take competition away. Walmart closed local businesses. Companies like these are welfare queens
They did, and people shopping there decide cheap deodorant is worth lost local business, and their workers decide folding six is worth $8/hr
Sox. Folding sox. convenience comes at a cost, what about all the typewriter companies that are out of business with the advent of the pc?
Yes true. Creating jobs that didn't exist before. Our Government invested in that tech and middle class prospered. Today our Gov. doesn't
Walmart jobs don't exist where there is no Walmart. I don't want to rely on govt to create or legislate jobs, period. Let the market dictate
This isnt a policy position, its just a bunch of buzz words
Senator it's hard to believe the Dems when you make deals with the .  After what he did to DACA and expect that Dems are an alternative?
Fair PLAY hasn't been the case in America for several decades.
Not saying that isn't true.  How do you deal with staying competitive in the global markets?
why didn't you & @BarackObama do something about it when you controlled the gvnt?
All who labor in earnest deserve a life of dignity and purpose.
Right, good judge but no blue chip because of your politics. Can you say hypocrite
Want to talk about hard work?  A CEO making $11Mil/yr or a line 60 hr. per week line worker making $15/hr.   That's your real wage gap.
Nothing brings out the right-wing crazies like a tweet from Al.
In our country, follow the law or you should be punished. Right now that's not the case & it hasn't been the case for several decades
Back in the 70's & 80's every workplace break work posted employee's rights!  We need to restore those rights!
It has NEVER been the case for women.
Or by #IvankaTrump workers in #China
WHAT AWAKEN YOU. "Get the people's work done".
More likely forever
Corporate welfare ends. Walmart doesn't need free money
We have politicians that represent corporations and not the people. They vote against the very interest of who they should serve
This should be true in any country!
AL FRANKEN 2020. Just puttin it out there...
and it's true of both parties !!
All rooted in campaign finance. 99% of working Americans can't afford the $25,000 a plate dinner so we get stuttering politicians on policy.
...or ever?
Shouldn't fair pay be defined by the worker's acceptance of the terms of employment? Unfair pay ended with the end of the Civil War.
We are aware and we are the ones paying the price of poverty
Those of us who came of age before Reagan are the lucky ones, last generation to really have chance to move up.
Should! Should! Should! Do SOMETHING!
Franken 2020.
More like 4 decades which over laps both parties. And millions of ppl, voters know it, That is why there is so much anger out there
A lot of the hard work, has been done by ppl. that other's don't feel SHOULD be rewarded Senator. #entitlement      #Resist!!
Isn't that his point??

That's right! I work so much harder than Trump, so where's my billions?
Not even close to me. I suck at all those things. Mark Cuban seems like a nice guy & a billionaire. I would be more like him if I billions.
Well then the other option I guess is to be tech genius like Cuban ,Gates or Musk
There's always the dream of winning the lottery
Now we're talking! Honestly, having that much money scares me a little. I like who I am & where I'm at in life. A little extra would b cool.
Well I think what Bill & Melinda Gates do with their money is admirable.My hubby only buys tks at 15mil cause we can't live on a measly 1mil
I know right!? 1mil is such a small amount these days.  I could see myself as a philanthropist & that may just happen some day. Who knows.
"Trump's Justice Dept won't defend Obama-era rule on overtime benefits for workers"

 http://hill.cm/Iev29cQ 
When comes to taxes- that will be national breaking point
And trump just killed that. What's America not coming but going to.
I have to ask. Where were the job retraining programs after 2008??
For Several hundred decades, the American system was designed to leave POC behind, yet POC persisted.
I have worked in the civilian healthcare field (surgery) since 1991.  I STILL make and am offered less than a male in the same role.  :-(
@ToniC8 
Bingo bingo bingo bingo bingo
This is the Time for our Senate & Congress to WORK for the People
IF NOT NOW,WHEN ?
 It's not only for the 800,000 Dreamers
Family & Friends
What do you know about hard work?  Keep feeding at the public trough.

RUN IN 2020!!!!!!!!
Tell the GOP to stop w/subsidies,tax loopholes,payouts for the wealthy and give tax help, raise wages for the struggling and middle class!
When you don't pay your employees enough to be able to buy your goods and services you can't sell your goods and services. Easy math
It should be rewarded with fair hearings and justice too but that's not govt's way
There's too many of us. Big business just keeps cycling people in and  out till they find a keeper. No shame.
Sounds like a good issue to run for president #alfrankenforpresident
I'm telling you guys-Al Gore/Al Franken 2020!! "The Double-Al Ticket! Yes!
Government must not dictate how a business pays its employees, the market should do so. You wouldn't know because you never held a real job.
Not since trickle down has the American worker been left so high and dry
You're overpaid!!!
Al where is your data to support this claim or is it just your opinion as usual.  If you don't get overtime pay move to a job where you do.
It should also be rewarded with safe access to legal cannabis in all states. #LEGALIZE #cannabis
This discussion really helped me get my head around this issue:
Yes, a great podcast episode. It explains so much about the dangers of wages that are too low. It threatens our whole economy.
The GOP is set on destroying the middle class.
It hasn't been the case for women ever.
I thought Saturday Night Live paid you just fine.
Shouldn't you get to work to on fixing daca instead of playing the blame game
That's a broad sweeping statement. Where have you been? Have you done anything? No. Stop whining and get something done.
It is difficult to get out of poverty when no matter how hard you work you find it hard to pay all your bills even working 7 days a week
It always has been still is that's a lie Al
https://www.bna.com/robb-slated-labor-n73014463415/?amp=true … If you keep Peter Robb away from the NLRB, there'll be a higher likelihood of fair enforcement of existing rules.
Certainly not the case for our alleged president
When was it ever the case in this country?
Trust me, I know! I'm a teacher!!  #makeamericasmartagain
Congress now has 6 months to legalize DACA (something the Obama Administration was unable to do). If they can't, I will revisit this issue!
So your saying this happened with the last administration?
I agree.
How abt all that dirty $ you and your sen/congressman took big boy?
You are correct, sir.
Fair pay for politicians who don't do crap,you would be broke like our country.
Let's stand beside our salaried employees who don't receive overtime pay!
#BUILDAMERICA #BUILDSTRONGFAMILIES HAVE FAITH THE GREAT PEOPLE WITH GREAT IDEAS #PREVAIL OR #HATE #RACEISM #PERSONALGAIN #PERSONALWEALTH 
Is important. These people are spending their very hard earned money in local businesses. They are working hard for what they make.
I work in restaurants in philly. I often work 55-60 hours, my chefs are working more. Pushing for overtime protection for salaried employees
#DACA recipients shld be rewarded for their hard work to become good citizens, not punished for no reason!

Between gerrymandering, the Electoral College & winner take all the crazies on the religious right have a large tax free advantage.
My friend just got a great job that pays $15.50/hr! Same pay I left the workforce @ in 1999. COL is @ least X 2 from then to now. #corpgreed
Especially if you ever did work for Trump
Lynn did you work for Trump?
What about overtime in the gig economy? As a freelance graphic designer, I got screwed by a publishing co. because it's priced per project.
We need a new set of laws to protect workers from wage theft, overtime and some good benefits.it seems corp. Are getting all the protection
This was on the senate floor months ago. Trump signing labor laws away. Overtime and safety records. Those job killing regulations. @GOP
Can't believe I'm agreeing with this tweet, but he's right.
Yep I've seen it 1st hand over last 45 years working, (started early ha) you have to work so hard pay hasn't kept pace
No, it hasn't. The "experts" say that we should have at least 6 months of pay saved up, just in cases. Really?!? Good luck with that.
Ha lol! not me for sure
"Males make more money, because they are the heads of household." #EmployersExcuse
Truth is:
Single mothers make less than single males.
so why do illegals n daca in America get Welfare, free health care, free food, free phones  and Social security! Never paid in!
Amen. Please fix it.
But do it legally
Don't smoke screen the TRUTH! #LYINLIBTARD
Bot
Because the Corporations run our Nation! Either raise the minimum wage... or lower the cost of goods! The .01% will never get enough!
Wake up, Trump is the greatest Adversary our country has ever faced. GOP obstructs justice, enables Trump, w/Treasonous Complicity.
Think about this tweet when it comes time for your vote on tax cuts.
No one argues that inequities haven't persisted 4  years Senator. 1 of driving forces of Trumps election. We disagree however , on remedies
run for president i know ur the dem candidate!!!
Agreed.  Not since Reaganomics evil trickle-down crap unleveled the playing field.  Income inequality off the charts
I can't believe this is happening in our country and nobody is stopping it! What happened to the checks and balances?
The checks are going to congress and the rest is totally unbalanced
Minimum wage needs to be increased.. when is someone in Congress going to introduce a bill to help Americans across the board
WTF are you babbling about now?
DWS was promoted after being removed for rigging a primary for Hillary!
I call on Bernie, Hillary, Obama and Franken to call for a national strike to start immediately.
Your country isn't even 'America' anymore... its now called 'Trumpland' and will have a new classification as a ' Dark-world' country.
Senator Al, yell the good ppl what 15$ an HR will do to all business. You just want the young and uninformed to vote for you.
Ronald Reagan and his evil overlords killed the unions and wages with it.  Trickle down economics was their icing on that cake.
The unions killed the unions, ask the steel companies that are no longer in business. Read a book on economics.
You assume much with knowing nothing about me or what I read.
were could my checks have gone
