Minnesotans are upset & scared. Chrysann of Moorhead said their plan isn't about taking care of people, but about "survival of the fittest.”
What did they think they were voting for? Ready to join the #resistance? We had it right on 1/21. #trumprussia needs #IndependentCommission
Whose? Not mine. Probably not yours either. They tell you that but it just isn't true.
How ignorant to the fact that I had NO health care coverage for years before Obamacare.
Private healthcare is a ponzi scheme. Our health is not a commodity for Trump's wall street friends.
There is no health care under Republicans! Only how can I get Wealthier????
Thank you, Senator.
Thanks for asking Sessions about his Russia connections.
Franken 2020...you know why? Because you are good enough, smart enough, and gosh darnet people love you.
Hey @SpeakerRyan @GOP @HouseGOP @realDonaldTrump America see you.
I am laughing at your description of Barry's healthcare.
Please tell me you are considering #Franken2020
This is so true and real statement, but ppl who voted for Trump thinks that this ok it is a rock & brick to those who needs the care mostly!
But can I and 320 million other people CHOOSE to take our grocery money back if we want to? That's all we care about! 20 < 320. MATH, Al.
What do you call the ACA? a Success!  NOT! U voted for the failure! Now it's on Lib Dems for the massive failure that is the ACA Funny HUH!
Covers fewer because people have a choice. ACA was so great you never enforced large employer mandate.
Keep up the Good Fight!
So than what is your answer because ObamaCare is not sustainable. Dems do too much politics and not enough work for us. Do not obstruct.
Senator,  please share the bullet points of you legislation.  Americans need to be informed.
MEDICARE FOR ALL. Good for the people, good for the economy.
I've been saying this for years..
Why don't they admit it:  "We don't give a sh*t about the Americans we serve, we're self-serving and DELUSIONAL."
That long handshake he does is about Power and Control!
This is false. It is going to lower premiums and provide more options for coverage.
GOP rejects govt role to help people neglected by market forces Health care is but one example DEMs must explain their own policies better
I love my Senator and I hope he keeps up the attacks..

You are sickening. Why aren't you and your damned cronies on Obamacare?  you all know it sucks.after passage y'all passed 1that exempts u
I have adopted @SenFranken as my Senator. I live in Texas, where Ted Cruz is up for re-election...
Problem is Dr's get kickbacks from drug and insurance co. And the ins. Co. Are greedy MF's
@Rosie @SpeakerRyan literally sickening just like you Ryan. I applaud those kids that refused to be photographed with you!

Super easy 2 tell if New is Real.
1)Trump says is Real - FAKE
2)Trump says is Fake - REAL
3)Trump Repeats It's Fake - REAL&KEEP EYE ON IT 
Thank you for working for your constituents! Will you offer classes to the senators who do not know who they work for?!
By the way where are your bright ideas on how to improve it?
If this is all true than why are so many insurance companies giving up on Obamacare? Let call a spade a spade & nothing more
@PrincessBravato thank you al. This is sickening. Why?  Why, why, why is it so important to keep giving the rich more? #greed
Thanks Al, even though I don't live in your state I have tons of respect for you and the way you fight! Move to Florida please!!
Ironic when your biggest goal is killing health care.
Thank you for standing up for us Mr. AL Franken!
Bravo!
I HATE Rich Bill he is the fucking worst person ever!!!!
Attach a rider to the bill that all GOP Congress and staff have to replace their health care plans with TrumpCare. See if that passes.
Bernie @BernieSanders would have won if people like you had not back that war criminal, HRC. You used to be funny. Now? Pathetic
Deadly.
If only there were some day of reducing the number of Republican voters.
ThankYouAlWeYou
@SpeakerRyan astonishing
Is that a joke?  
That's what happens when you've got to prolong a failed Obama care that was due to implode. What was the dems plan to keep it from happening
If there was more consensus on health care when it was first written, it would have been a better bill.  GOP never wanted health care.
I agree, socialized Health Care doesn't make sense for the way our economy was established. Now that it's been forced, play the hand dealt.
Spot on Sen. we need real health care reform not tax cuts to the rich Maybe CA new univ health care bill/law will show the people real HC
Any chance in putting subtitles on your videos from now on? Can't always listen :(
Very well said!!! 
Please note, @SenCoryGardner
God I cant stand  this ass
Al Frankenstein tells it like it is....
Place a public option with price based on income on every exchange in America. Medicare for everyone.
GOP would rather fight for a tax cut and buy $51,500 designer coats than to take care of sick people.  
#MedicareforAll  #HandsoffMedicare
Liar , liar Trumps pants on fire. He'll be right in home in he-two sticks .
Nothing rallies Republicans like DESTROYING Meals on Wheels for starving Grannies, School Lunches for Starving Children and Special Olympics
We need GRADUATED taxation on ALL income http://www.liberalforum.org/index.php?/topic/209021-we-need-graduated-taxation-on-all-income/?p=1059890320 …
And Obama care is the greatest thing since sliced bread
More than sickning, denial of healthcare inhumane & unacceptable in a decent society #medicare4all not I have mine, you ..... off
Still wondering how you justify the $695 fine/fee for those who cannot afford insurance in the states that did not expand Medicaid.
I want you on the ticket in 2020:)
WRONG
if there was ever a time to make a stand...
How did the comedian become the voice of reason for the Senate? 
I'm Al Franken and I like to hear the sound of my own voice, it's literally sickening.
Mr Franken I like you and pray to see you as President in 2020 if not sooner.
I wish there were more people in government like you....
CBO said it will reduce premiums.
Thank you Senator!
It is what it is ..or isn't
GOP cannot handle health care!  HRC would have already done it in her 1st 100 days.
My wife and I are both without insurance now as direct result of the Democrat war on vaping. I opened this sml biz to help adult smokers.
About 5 years ago before ACA existed, did all sick ppl die? 5 yrs ago these ppl didn't have coverage.
this healthcare plan takes healthcare away from 23 million people and gives massive tax cuts to people who really don't need it
Pointless comment...how about what you can would propose that controls cost and covers.  Be a leader
D's make a plan & show it to the Amer ppl. Always do the next job.  Don't wait. Words r not enough
Nothing rallies Republicans like DESTROYING Meals on Wheels for starving Grannies, School Lunches for Starving Children and Special Olympics
Their literally sickening!!
How many people lost their health insurance when Obamacare was implemented? You didnt find that sickening. #Hypocrite
It will probably pass.
Just check out what they want to do to veterans you can see abject cruelty
So we should wait until Obamacare implodes. That's a very bad decision...
The Dems barely passed a 20 y/o right wing healthcare plan that was no where near as good as single payer.  Glass houses, Sen Franken.
Please don't pass it! Republicans only care about their own welfare! Selfish assholes! God forbid others live above the poverty level?
It's not sickening. the bill is a killer.
The only reason a lot of people will die, is, because they voted Republican
You are one of the few who could work with Rand Paul to come up with something better. We cannot return to Obamacare.
Such LOVE, Al Franken! Both from and for Sir! You are a GREAT Rep. To our Country! Thank You for Your Service. Thank All Reps who ResistHATE
Thank you @SenFranken for truth telling, standing up for the rights of the American people. You are a mensch & patriot of the highest order.
The GOP doesn't care. They'd kill their mothers for a tax cut.
@SenatorLeahy They are trying to faze us out of society. That's not  what people voted for.
Trump foreign trip: he is total embarrassment to US. Making deals with Saudi and bashing allies.
The clown speaks again.
It is a step toward oppressing opposition of millions & creating easier ascension to dictatorship.  Also tax "reform" & budget.
Senator, this entire administration is sickening! Thank you for standing up for American values.  We are stronger together!
Thank goodness there are people like Sen Franken in Congress!
Keep fighting for us, Senator Franken cuz we know you care. Thanks!
Senator, keep up the good work. Without you, the assholes wouldn't know they're assholes anymore.
#Stopthepolitics Bills in the Senate. You can #FixIt Not before American people
What is sickening 2 hard working tax payers is what ACA has done to us.  200%+ increase and loss of choice. You all need to work for us.
Standing 

News:

The CEO of Blue Cross NC tells me flat out that Trump and GOP Congress are why premiums will soar: 

…
stay stong Al. Resist!

Under this "christian" President? And they say 44 was a Muslim?
Yes. An abomination that leaves sickest patients very vulnerable.
You're beating a dead horse, "people that have never been hungry, can't grasp what it's really like to starve.."
Just trying to make living.
On someone else's dime. I/we can't afford money for nothing. What's the old saying, "taxation without representation. "
How about "deadly"?
