i could get behind Al Franken for President 2020
U are just another fruit loop in DC living off the backs of hard working people, why don't you get a clue and start actually doing something
This administration can't be firth coming unless they are forced to become parrots and put in the witness protection program #AllCriminals
Well said Al!!!  I'm reading your book right now and I love it.
Be more forthcoming-Like you-Hillary the liar-cheat-like Holder-liar-Lynch-obstructiist-liar-BO-incompetent liar-Not interested in the truth

Thank you Senator Franken for your determination & show of character among so many spineless cowards & crooked liars.
Franken a man of character? Remember his jokes about Carl Reiner about pedophilia to his son Rob Reiner
Remember when the sitting president bragged about grabbing women by the pussy & still people voted for him?
Or when he said he could shoot someone on Fifth Ave & wont lose votes
so Franken does not have character... you know 2 wrongs
You're an embarrassment to the American people.
he simply needs to retire or stop being an obsessive liar, like #FakePrez45 or as if hes demented, give d job 2 someone else
Sessions' testimony was a horrid mess: NOTHING rambling about your ?s. He was TOP surrogate; he was one who inserted "on a regular basis"

Keep up the #GoodFight!

Sessions proved he is VERY LOYAL to Trump, not to Comey at all. He also proved he is unfit to be AG.
Especially since he can't recall anything or sure policies r written DO J. Can he recall the law?
FUCKING A, nicely put!
You "flustered" him. Oh my! Did you call for smelling salts & a handkerchief soaked in cold lavender water? #lordyihopetherearetapes #Liars
But Senator Al, you people are tricky, not good old boys just like that Harris #%#@ isn't either. Ya'll jes' cornfused po' Genrul Jeff Beau.
You are smart and dog gone it Ppl like you. Give him hell Senator.
Bam! So appreciative of your leadership at this moment in our threatened democracy Senator! #MN #mpls #democracy
Yet again you don't know the truth when you see it.  Wake up DS
Could you succinctly explain why, in your opinion, Sessions should not be formally charged with contempt of Congress for perjury and refusal
It really messed with the left and MSM.... shit .... that's all they've talk about for the last 10 months. What a JOKE !!
Some1 always trying. Whose gonna stop them ?? No votes got changed and whether u believe it or not .. didn't change the outcome !!
@eclecticbrotha JUST SHUT UP!
He won't, of course. But I'm grateful for your forthrightness. Please keep pressing 45 & his cronies for the truth. #Resist
Why didn't the DNC turnover their servers to the FBI? Instead they hired a private company, Crowdstrike, 2 look at them. Sounds fishy to me.
Quit playing politics. Going to bite you in the butt when we see you spending time and millions of taxpayer dollars on this. Help us!!!!!
Two words Senator Franken....YOU ROCK!!!!
*whom* #smh Otherwise....well done, sir.
@walks_o And start dictating your resignation
Gee, where was your outrage when Holden & Lynch lied? Al, you're a hypocrite.
Ron, what are you referring to? Not familiar with these two.  There are so many of them these days.
~The #RussianHacks have been an issue since 1982, and have continued since. Americans are smart, WE see through @TheDemocrats #molehunt!

~The #RussianHacks have been an issue since 1982, and have continued since. Americans are smart, WE see through @TheDemocrats #molehunt!
Franken for President.
Hillary clinton and lorretta lynch,susan rice&obama did that for 8 years. Stop wasting the people's money&stop grandstanding
Franken 2020!
What's he "General" of? Car Insurance? Or the same as General Jubilation T Cornpone!
Thank you. Al, for your relentless pursuit of the truth!
What discussions were had about Russian sanctions, when, and with whom.
Mr Sessions resign
Dear Sen. Franken, it's too bad you switched careers. I'm just a wannabe, but the lode is rich.  General Stonewall Sessions is too easy.
I kept expecting him to start jumping up & down a la granny Clampett & threatening to cut of every1's ration of possum stew
When can we stop calling it a dossier? Trump can't speak English, who has time to teach him French? At least DT called GOP #ACA Plan, #MEAN!
If he was confused by your question he's not mentally competent to be AG.
Did you send the same letter to @HillaryClinton ?
I would like to see a stop to this pointless witch hunt and wasting the people's money
Now, I'm just whippin' up a batch of my Aunt Billy Sue Joe Bob's "I don't recall" cookies. What's in them, U ask? I don't rightly recall.
amnesia pills must be free within this administration.would love to get some to forget some my exes! #SessionsHearing
#Sessions should be charged with contempt pronto.
And here's my message to you @SenAlFrank 
STOP THE LIES
STOP THE HATE
STOP THE DIVISIVENESS
Good luck with that, might be easier to buy him fake boobs and let him be a woman
You should follow your own advice.
#OBSTRUCTION #GOPCOLLUSION #TREASON
Just like #Pence offered up on TV that it's the first time he'd ever heard that about #Flynn, #Sessions offered up a false denial.  #Mueller
If there is so much that he can't remember or too many questions that confuse the AG, he's too feeble-minded to be AG!
AGREE, WHAT THE ELF DID WAS PURJRY, CLEAR CUT
Coretta Scott King warned us about Sessions.Forthcoming is not in his playbook. Unless of course, it suits his own agenda
Sessions your the top law enforcement officer in the country You sounded like a Sargent Schultz " I know nothing"
He has the Convfefe Flu. Attacks Repugs Only. Symptoms include: Convient Memory Loss, Lying, Nervousness, Bending Facts and Constipation.
Nobody falls for your false narrative Senator. You're an embarrassment.
Thank you Al Franken. Here's your antenna helmet
Shut the entire Congress down. Call every member of 45's crime family before criminal grand juries. End this insanity now!
AND, learn what the duties of the office are. Do those things. 45 is not your friend.
Keep doing what you are doing senator Frankin. You make us proud
@TheClaudiaBlack franken was a good comedian but a moron at his job
Please do not let up on these people, hold them accountable for their actions, I don't recall is not acceptable!!!
I'd just add that we don't need an AG who is so easily rattled by a strong woman, and has failing memory. Resign.
YES @jeffsessions, PLEASE DO TELL THE AMERICAN PPL THE DEPTH THE #MINNESOTA US SENATORS ARE INVOLVED IN THE #CHILDSEXTRAFFICKING #PedoGate
maybe if he smoked a little WEED...
lyin Al keep whining. This is why Dhimmicrats will lose 2018 and beyond.
Yet Jeff Sessions answered nothing! He works for the American people and is acting like the President's lawyer. Make Sessions talk!
Hey Al how about you focus on what's best for us the people!
Funny how a guy who has such a hard time remembering has yet to  discover the benefits of keeping detailed records of his meetings #Sessions
And retire if you cannot remember

Still waiting!
Sessions was bang out of order
Take your own advice!STOP misleading America!This is a fiction story that won't end well 4 U. Costing the U.S millions! U R a security risk
Weird Al's original question was so convoluted and confusing and that's what tripped Seasions up. Quit being a dick Al & stop the sideshow.
I am so glad we have people like you we can be proud of.
And here's America's message to AG Sessions,...
Why did no one ask him "are you asking for executive privilege in not answering?" Is it your pledge of loyalty? time for subpoena's.
Here's my message to AG Sessions: stop lying on the stand, you pitiful excuse for an AG. He should be tossed in jail for contempt.
Or what, Senator? What good are these messages of reprisal without action beyond words?
And how did I forget his refusal to answer many questions in case down the road at some pt Trump might want to exercise executive privilege!
And what is Trump/cabinet/GOP doing to prevent Russia from future interference in our elections?!  Nothing!!!
The President sent a challenge to Congress through the AG today, it was 'see if you can make me' declare Executive Privelage
Translation: STOP FUCKING LYING, .@USAGSessions.
And McCain's question about Russian attempts to hack the electrical grid were the most shocking revelations at today's hearing.
Hahaha. Are you serious? Like ur colleagues you are embarrassing yourself with these public claims. @RonWyden @MarkWarner @KamalaHarris
You threw his off his game with a compound question! His admission that he had not been briefed about Russia trying to impact theelection.
 Wow!
It sounds like Mr. Sessions should be in a home for assisted living if he can't remember important details.
Please do all you can to stop the madman that holds the presidency. Hes dangerous and unstable. The world needs you. Take a stand.
YES!
Working for Trump involves a loyalty pledge   and a suicide pact. Sessions won't honor his oath.
Please join your colleagues in asking the AG to resign. He played a ruse in the hearing today -- that CANNOT be tolerated
Apparently,  all of this was your fault for asking him the question during his confirmation. Yeesh.
Thank you.
Why is @jeffsessions so determined to trash his years of service for the likes of @realDonaldTrump ?
And he's my advice to Sessions: Start saving up cigarettes to bribe the screws. Prison is going to be a tough place for a little gnome.
Here's my message to Sen. Fraken: stop waisting Americans time and money, stop the partisan b.s. and start by apologizing for the fake news.
Awesome! But that's never going to happen so he should resign
When saying misleading, would it be fair to also say he lying?
Thank you
You keep telling your Russian story, Al, just like Scheherazade. Know that it is the only hope you have left of surviving the breaking day.
Why don't YOU stop misleading the American?  You asked about his actions as a surrogate "in the course of this campaign" NOT as a Senator..
Here's a message to u Al, stop embarrassing yourself. Sessions made you look like a fool today. #MadeUpRussiaCollusion
Thank you @SenFranken we appreciate your ongoing fight for us!
Is there no penalty for failing to even attempt to uphold what was sworn? Don't anyone dare say they're patriotic. Swear an Oath my ass.
#WeThePeople have allowed the bar to be set WAY too low.  At the end of the day, we are to blame for electing clowns who don't REPRESENT us.
People tend to get complacent. Life happens and next thing we know...  In we have our share as well, but it's time to make better choices.
Very true eh!  ;)
Here's my message to you Stuart Smalley. You are not good enough and no one likes you! You cheated to get elected. We know it!
Sir, A law degree or understanding of the law does not make a righteous man! Never will happen.
Aren't all those things considered contempt of court?
He's not capable cause it makes him nervous...
Are Reps not taking this seriously? This is an American problem. How do we move forward? What can be done to get to the truth?
Sen. Al Franken for POTUS 2020!
How about Sessions STOP showing up for work!  Isn't that how you really feel @SenFranken?
America is tired of talking. It's time for action. Hold him in contempt then send those nice folks with the shiny bracelets pick him up
I'm other words, arrest him without cause, and contempt of what? Is this like impeach Trump even though he hasn't broken the law? Get a clue
Well he is a lawyer; the lawyer I would, guess for the presidency. Does he have client confidentiality? Or is that executive privilege?
Thanks Al, we'll all sleep a little better after reading your statement.  Amazing a man w/ the memory of an amoeba can be AG of the nation.
You are really tough in your tweets. Too bad you got schooled by a 90 year old man. Give up.
al, give it a rest
It's called borrowing authority Is our @SenateGOP setting the precedent that anyone can borrow the @POTUS authority? @CNN @MSNBC @SenateDems
Tom Cotton is sickening the way he talked about things that had nothing to do with this hearing. He made leprechaun sessions smile.
What pisses me off is if this was Clinton she'd already been impeached even if the dems had control. But gop is willing to cover up 4 trump.
Here's #Sessions on "truth" http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2017/01/12/jeff-sessions-said-secularists-are-unfit-for-government?via=desktop&source=twitter … …
I mean he perjured himself today so let's move along with that please
When did he do that? BTW, u might want to look up perjury before you answer. I sense u don't know what the burden of proof is.
Better yet, turn yourself in and flip on Donald and the boys. Remember you're an American first.
Needs to go back on SNL he such a joke!!
And resign.
Here's my prediction on AG Sessions: he has everything to lose by being more forthcoming.
Thanks Senator!  #Franken2020
Can Sessions be remove as Atty Gen? Not only is he woefully forgetful..too inept to serve. His allegiance to Trump not USA, is incorrigible.
Look Al when Sessions face started turning purple during your questioning, it was evident he knew you had him by the balls, he is a liar.
#JeffSessionsTooSexy4HisShirt #SessionsInLyin #SessionsScandal
What a bunch of cool aid drinkers!
#HushHushJeffSessions
Session lied under oath Comey didnt make final dec. He recommended no charges in statement doj made final decision
Good job, Senator Franken, from a proud Minnesotan :)
Thank you for your service, sir!
#Covfefe defined-the WH admin code word for going to speak to oversight committee but say nothing -dart & weave, avoid truth!
LOCK 'IM UP! LOCK 'IM UP!

I doubt there is ONE Dem Senator that really believes #JeffSessions worked w #MuhRussians. The lengths @TheDemocrats will go to keep power..
He's had three times to prove it. Session's is not capable of the truth; only evil, wickedness & shame. Can we pls remove him...
How about: stop lying!
Whatta crock w AG today ... where has my country gone?.......
UR 10 min windup to "the question" was totally about acting on behalf of campaign. I know it. You know it. Quit impugning a man whose jock..
Man up!, as it were
"Honestly" and "openly" are not in his repertoire, as you know. So, nice troll there, Senator Franken.
They were all full of shit, Sessions forgot 2 take his ADD meds, couldn't focus. All I kept thinking about was my tax money
OR JUST PLAIN QUIT
"it is not a lie if you believe it" - George Castanza
We are in deep . Has the GOP forgotten that a foreign power interfered with and put trump in power.  What I saw today scares & sickens me.
Pot, kettle, black, Stuart Smalley. You're not special and no one likes you. Stop the lies.
Why didn't you tell him this during the hearing today?  If you did, and I missed it, I apologize, but ferchrissake, start hammering them!
It's like a band of brothers trying to keep their jobs. Tranced by the Puppet-master serving only his personal agenda. #Franken2020 #resist
FFS. Sessions called for public hearing. How much more forthcoming could he be? #Sessions @POTUS @TheLastRefuge2
That did not sound like rambling to me Senator
Here's my message to Al, stop being a obstructionist .or in more simple terms, azzhole.
There's no "savsies" on executive privilege. This is #contemptofcongress #disbarsessions
No, Al. It's time for you and your lying cronies to sit down and shut up. There is no there there. Everyone in the real world knows it.
He forgets key details and he makes up rules to get out of answering questions.  But that isn't concerning to @SenateGOP at all.  #Resist
Why isn't US AG concerned w Russia's continuing interference in USA? Isn't he responsible for Americans Security? #TrumpRussia .@GOP Treason
Al, so understated and reserved, when Sessions likely violated recusal and colluded to obstruct justice and congress.
#SessionsHearing
Who is he protecting?
.@SenFranken, Americans see our Democracy, Constitution & Freedom under attack yet AG Sessions disregards Rule of Law. #TrumpRussia is War
Here's my message to Al: stop misleading Americans, stop making excuses, and start being more forthcoming. Take ur own advice.
Great more memos. When do we get to see results. I respect and appreciate the sentiment, but what does it really accomplish?
Hey, All, go back to SNL. At least you were good at that job. Time to start unseating more dems!!
If the Russians had intervened to aide HRC in winning the election, you can bet every GOPers hair would be on fire.
I laughed out loud when #Sessions said today that your confirmation questioning was "rambling." His memory continues to fail him terribly.
Sessions is a creepy kkk sinister pos
He also spent half the hearing falsely touting the idea that he can't disclose presidential conversations just to build ammo against Comey.
Somebody needs to take it to court to make them talk.
We need a LOT more of you, Senator Franken. What's the going rate on cloning these days? #SessionsHearing #TrumpTraitors
any 4th grader sees the question for what it was -- your in 3rd right?
Nice letter.  You to are a hero...  You are a balm on the cra cra.....
what a joke-tell him to stop misleading --- you are the chief MLer
AND TO THINK SESSIONS IS GOING TO TAKE ADVICE FROM YOU!  YOU ARE COOKED, GET OFF THE DRUGS!
That was rather rambling. Ha.  Also, he should start recalling. Shouldn't an AG possess power to recall facts?
I don't get why you don't just call him a freaking liar and traitor.
He said one of your questions was "rambling ".  The GOP need to challenge him and put his feet to the fire
So proud to be from MN where the Senators have integrity, fight tirelessly for all Americans & aren't bought by the Russians. @amyklobuchar
We Democrats have to speak up and, say it like it is. Don't be afraid  The GOP says ANYTHING they want. Call Trump what he is ! #lyingtrump
you should stay with comedy, as everything that comes from your sick mouth is laughable
Demand his resignation. If you don't know WTF is happening in your job as AG, you aren't qualified to hold that position. Resign now!
Have you watched the entire Franken part of video? He droned on & on before he ever got a question.I zoned out & am sure #JeffSessions did 2
