Thinking of our Minnesotan-Somali community today, especially those who may have lost loved ones in this horrific act.
Take a tour of the go no go zones in America. Put the US  and it's citizens first. Every nationality of legal American citizens wants this.
No go zones, lol
Living in a dream world.
That's fox, therefore it's bullshit. 

What's it like to be scared of people who are different than you? Pretty sad existence if you ask me

Actually those are KKK members doing a march through a Muslim gathering and THEY started with the violence...
Really. Then why did the courts arrest and prosecute the throwers of materials.
A few people don't like klan assholes in their neighborhood & fought back? Racist cops w/selective arrests? Send a link from a local paper
I’m not surprised any more when the number of domestic and foreign acts of terror are carried out. How different our world has become
Somalia which has a history of invasion and attacks by Orthodox Islamists is a cautionary tale to baring immigration of these invaders here.

That's the kind of thoughtfulness that is probably making a lot of people wish you were POTUS!
And D US is STILL not caring about PR...at least D US is becoming more consistent--not caring/doing anything 2 help, anyone...unless UB rich
The prez, yeah but their black so.....
#RussianSanctions Now
@GOP @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @RepGoodlatte @ChuckGrassley @SenJohnMcCain @tedlieu @TheDemocrats #25thAmendment
So tragic and a huge loss of life. It's unfathomable.
I know. I saw it on the news. Oh wait, no I didn't 
Exactly. Wonder why... 
I wonder if Trump's racist travel ban will include those injured & needing specialized care here in the us?!
Somalia, the failed nation...  Might've been better for it's people if it stayed under European rule a little longer
Thank you for acknowledging it.
and some are here in MN
HORRIFIC!
How do you Dems feel about inner city Black on Black deaths?
I dont even know why you are asking the question other than that your a f-cking moron or a bot. How do you feel about this? GFYS.
Dems want to talk abt terrorism around t world, bt nt PA terrorism against Israel; criminal injustice bt nt Black on Black gang crime.
Well Sabel, you were asked a question? Also why do you assume everyone on the other side of the aisle thinks exactly the same?
It is sad that ideologies destroy lives.
We could solve Somalis problem by spending the same amount we are spending on military there on helping them raise food & deal with drought


Absolutely heartbreaking
@potus tweets and rants about many things, but I'm sure we'll never here from him regarding this trajedy. #midterms
You are so right!

Senator Franken, anyone that will listen. Right now, N Phoenix there are a group gearing up for terrorist attack. DEW weapons. please
IMPEACH INCARCERATE ALL I MENTIONED.
So sad that the USA created ISIS by attacking Iraq, when the 911 alleged suicide pilots were from Saudi Arabia.  Weird.  Just sayin'.
Sadly, a Minnesota man was killed.
I meant to say that among the casualties was a Minnesota man. All the deaths were tragic. Thank you, Senator Franken for caring.
And not a word from President TrumpVondumbfuckington or Jon Miller or Jon Barron
Remember the battling boys of Niger!
Thanks!
Horrific
Its time to put an end to terrorism. Terrorist are not part of the human race. They need to be eliminated along with their twisted ideas.
Trump don’t care.
So sad 
It's terrible. Thank you for mentioning it. It feels like it got swept under the rug.
Not a catastrophe by the presidents logic. It needs to be 1.5K minimum to be one. Katrina is the bar.
@JustinTBrady just sending anyone who is thinking of this tragedy your way in case they might be of use
You think we could get some permanent help to Puerto Rico and the US Virgin Islands?
what the heck. Somalia is suffering from starvation and lack of basic human needs. Why some idiots adding extra struggle to them.
With all possible due respect Sen. Franken, many more will die here in the U.S. due to Trump & GOP's policies of deceit & neglect.
Terrorism is an ongoing problem that we can't lose focus on
So sorry to heart his. Heartbreaking.


I thought Clinton was horrible in Somalia. Trump has him beat. Bush41 was the best.
Those poor people.  That poor country.  Pretty amazing that people keep putting one foot in front of the other to move forward together.
Wow! First I have heard on this.

Good for you for speaking out about this. These people have had to endure a lot.
Something has to been done to stop these horrible attacks
Something without a brain is the President and he's always golfing or on Twitter
So the Vegas thing, over?
What is more shocking is that you and your pals have done ZERO after the attack in Las Vegas. SHAME ON BOTH HOUSES.
Not a peep from POTUS.
no......
Gee who were the attackers ?? Muslim's??

Radio silence from Trump
#BlackLivesMatter #TakeTheKnee

Heard a few hours ago.  It is tragic.
Oh my 
Its devastating to hear
I’m sure there aren’t exact #’s but American special forces kill many more Somalians in Mogadishu during “Black Hawk Down.”
WHAT?!? OMG... This world is turning upside down left & right!
Trump just asked someone if Somalia is part of the US.
The religion of peace strikes again. #getwoke
Maybe you should be president, senator. You would be awfully good at the job.
Wake up America!
Heartbreaking
I don't understand when every country is against terrorists, then who actually is giving them space, money and weapons. Something is wrong.
May almighty God bless all the diseased.

that the most important decision being made right now is "do I have time to tweet more BS at the NFL before work on the next hole? @POTUS
It's hard to throw a "red heart" at a situation like this!! I find it sad that with everything happening in the world and in our own nation.
Oh dear Lord!

Will DT ever acknowledge this attack, probably not!
The President of Somali declared a three day mourning and donated blood. Pretty presidential.#usethe25thamendment please
if this happened any where in Europe or America d whole will not sleep

Your opinion, will the terrorism ever stop? Will human lives ever matter to terrorist's ?
How many tries would it take for @realDonaldTrump to pick Somalia out on a Map? Do you think he would pick the right continent?
Where are Trump's condolences??
@SenFranken yet  will import generations of Somali  terrorists , extremism and radicalism into our schools and throughout our communities
What can we do?
Should tell President Trump to add that country to the travel ban list. 
FAR MORE DEVASTATING IS THE FACT THAT THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA APPEAR TO HAVE BEEN FUNCTIONALLY SEIZED BY THE KOCHS AND THE MERCERS
Seized by Kochs
So heartbreaking.
Far more DEVASTATING is the likelihood of the rapidly deteriorating condition of the U.S. CHILDREN WHO WERE SUPPORTED BY CHIP.
Far more devastating news is HOW MANY AMERICANS ARE GOING TO DIE VERY SOON IN PUERTO RICO FROM NEGLECT
Takeaway: Al-Shabab promised security but its credibility was ruined when it rejected Western food aid to combat a 2011 drought and famine.
IDK, but I think America needs to provide aid to Somalia for their best interest - and ours.
Thank you. Your solidarity means a lot.
Delete your account.
Thank you Mr. President, um...I mean Senator Franken.
Agreed
Hey what about the terrorist bomb attempt at North Carolina airport Oct 7 by a White Guy?


https://twitter.com/QueenBDivine/status/903240394745331712 … 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #SupportEachOther #Hope #BeKind #community #WorldCongress2017 #LabourDay #queenbdivine 

Well MSM not reporting this! They still talking about Weinstein and NFL for gods sake
Yes this is devastating. What makes it worse is @realDonaldTrump is not commenting on the situation but golfing AGAIN on tax payor $$.
'payer'
Terrible - so awful
Too much violence in this world. Can't we all just get along !
O
Does WH know that if NK starts anything they will be on their own, but  if we start war, China will defend NK ? Of course NK is inciting us
But you know this is irrelevant to The White House. #sad
