Let’s air it all out today. What are your #MinnesotaConfessions?
It's basically fish soaked in soap, I don't blame you.
I believe technically it's fish marinated in soap....but I'm not a chef.
Please tell me you don't bathe in straight lye 
I'm tempted to make a bad "I wouldn't lye to you" pun, but it's too basic
People are serious about lutefisk!  (I'm from KS, I was introduced to it from Drop Dead Gorgeous.)
I am a bit concerned that you are going to get a lot of personalized invitations to lutefisk dinners at a bunch of churches...
Lol I was thinking the same thing Jason! Al you’re gonna be invited to every lutefisk diner now. Be ready!
I hate lutefisk, but prefer it over listening to that pompous jackass Franken. GFY, Al.
That is a sin.
It is admittedly a bit of an acquired taste. Still yummy compared to surströmming!
Lots of mustard and butter will allow you to choke it down!
How about Pickled Herring
That's a big mistake. Delicious stuff!!
Wish you avoided touching other women
This Wisconsin Norwegian girl thinks you're smarter than the average bear!  My family loves it.  I refuse to jump off the cliff with them!
Pike on a stick on your list?
Traitor
It's palatable after a few beers
I play "Duck,duck, goose". #MinnesotaConfessions
WRONG!
@IndignantMN 
Oof da.  Probably invented by the same folks that thought up head cheese.
I was raised in a Swedish/Danish home. I managed to avoid it as well. I consider this another sign of your brilliance.
As a good Swede, I have tried and tried. Just can't do it. #NoLutefisk
So have I, won't lie though I've had pickled herring. #MinnesotaConfessions  #amsterdamconfessions
Me too.
Grew up w/ a Swedish heritage and somehow managed to avoid it too. Now sill (pickled herring) on the other hand...
@castaway5555  Who hasn't?!?!
It's always been my opinion that lutefisk was the cause of the Vikings looting and pillaging their way across Europe.
I bet you are right. 
Grew up eating Lutefisk.  Not Scandinavian at all.  Didn't know til I was 25 that you're not supposed to like it.
That sounds like a #Minnesotaconfessions to me!
As a Texan who loves MN, Minnesotans, always wanted to go ice fishing & haven't yet, but for hot chocloate and story-telling...
Amen. My grandparents made it every year. BARF. The smell alone
That's just basic self-preservation.
Me, too! 
With enough sauce....and lingonberries, meatballs, peas and potatoes, it makes a very good meal!
For the first timer
Not in a box, not with a fox would I eat that.
Lucky..my dad MADE me one time.. I literally almost barfed. WORST IDEA OF FISH
*deep, northern Minnesota accent* "I don't like ice fishing, ok?" #MinnesotaConfessions
My mom took sole responsibility for Christmas Eve dinner in perpetuity so she would never have to eat lutefisk again when she married dad.
Dad’s family had lutefisk every year at Christmas, & he still swears it’s good when prepared right. I’ll never try it. #MinnesotaConfessions
You and I had the exact same childhood. To the letter!
Leave the lutefisk...take the lefse
That's not a very challenging thing to do.
a/k/a “Norwegian jello.”
Continue with your resistance!!!  It looks and sounds disgusting!!!! 
Try it. Lots of butter and it slides right down. Chase with mulled wine and lefse.  You’ll be okay.
What?!?!  Fish flavored jello is the best!  My whole family feasts on it every Christmas.....with lefse of course. UFF DA!
I am only occasionally nice, when it’s warranted
Me too!
Then you aren't a Minnesotan. Shit or get off the pot!
I've never heard of lutefisk but I'm avoiding it purely based on the name.
Me too!
I've never been to the Boundary Waters or Lake of the Woods #MinnesotaConfessions
That's only a crime if you're of Swedish descent!
That SIR is to your credit! Wish I'd been that fortunate.....
I have never choked down canned green beans with mushroom soup and onion rings on top. I also hate kitchen towels with crochet doll heads.
I had one bite a courtesy to Swedish host; so gawdawful I couldn't manage 2nd bite.  Peyote tasted horrible too but at least it got me high!
Good call!
I'm Norwegian and I have never, and will never, eat lutefisk. It's crap
Good on you..take it from a Norwegian..it's terrible.pure evil disguised as food. :-) ;-)
As a Swede, I apologize  for that terrible thing we gave the world. It's not food, it's recycled garbage.
Lutefisk, it’s best with lots of butter!
#fishflavoredjello
Me toooooo! Ew!
Me too
It's not too late, have bacon and butter with it 
Me too
You aren't Swedish therefore you are exempt from eating lutefisk. Nova, on the other hand, you still have to have with a schmear.  Biteavon!
No lutefisk for me either, and I never tasted lefse until I made it myself in my 30's.
Same. My Norwegian-American dad wanted to spare his children that experience of his youth.
Probably cause it really isn't good...
Hotdish?
I'll do a pickled herring but lutefisk is simply vile.
Which always make me think of this
Does seem to like bean feeds

You are forgiven, Senator.
Same as Sen. Franken's--just can't do the lutefisk.  Very awkward at family celebrations where it is served as the prized main dish.
Me too Al. Me too. Also that weird pickled fish as well. Ish.
Me too! It looks gross!

You lucky dog! My Norwegian family introduced it to me when I was young.
It's not soap, it's lye. And that's not a lie. And it still wouldn't touch the stuff.
Wise
Stay true to yourself. You bring such fine attributes and pragmatism to each hearing, panel, interview in your understanding, & perspectives
Oh god.  I was forced to try it at age 10. I'm 66 now and still have lutefisk PTSD.
*gasp!* 
What is lutefisk?
Ewwwwwwwwww
Born and raised here, 40 yrs old, 50% norwegian and have not tried it either
How?!?!??
Me too. Fortunately this is the one tradition my Norwegian grandparents rejected.
Me too!
Please continue without regret.
It belongs in the Middle Ages
you’ve gotta cross the border to Wisconsin for lutefisk and lefse brunch at Drugan’s Castle Mound
Smart man!
You have chosen wisely...repeatedly...for a lifetime.
Had it once at @luthercollege and yeah, that was enough, I’m good
I have avoided eating lutefisk my entire life. #MinnesotaConfessions https://twitter.com/indignantmn/status/920645712462925826 …
Smart man Al.
Thinking you need to get out of the metro this fall and visit your outstate constituents.  Serious Lutefisk Dinner season!
‘Good idea. Me too.
Married to a Swede but managed to avoid it myself, the meatballs and lefse are an excellent alternative
I don't enjoy fishing. #MinnesotaConfessions
Exhibit A of Kelly saying nothing in the country left worth defending, Al F-ing Franken.
From the awesome movie, “The Ref!”
From what I've read and seen, it makes haggis seem palatable. As bad as Icelandic rotten shark? Can't beat menudo.

Smart move!!!
I sometimes smile at, and even start conversations with complete strangers #MinnesotaConfessions
You've also avoided living here.
Always chose the Swedish meatball option myself, too. #MinnesotaConfessions #nolutefisk
Is that because it sounds and looks like something that comes from the tapeworm family?
Smart man
It's really just a delivery system for melted butter and salt. What's not to like?
Me too!
Hahahah!  Me, too, Senator!!!
@SenFranken has also avoided spending any time in Minnesota his entire life
@SarahBDay I guess you will have to vote republican now



The smell...my God the smell!
Fish soaked in poison? Duh? Uff duh?
Clean living.
that's why you're still alive
Me too - and my grandfather moved here from Sweden at age 16! #nothanks
You sir, are no Minnesotan!  
Seriously, I wouldn't eat that stuff if the Koch's paid me what they are paying John Kelly.
Good man.
You gotta be kidding me! We have it for Christmas here in NY, and in Norway in July! Still time...acquired taste...add some Aquavit ;-)
I could go the rest of my life without eating tater tot hot dish #MinnesotaConfessions
I think the original name for St Paul-"Pigs Eye" is way more interesting
Me too! It has to taste as bad as it looks!
@SenFranken  Each time we visit my MN family I return to OH and pretend I picked up the accent...for at least a week. #MinnesotaConfessions
It's contagious
I am from Madison, MN, Lutefisk Capital, USA...and I too have managed to remain unscathed by the foul concoction. 
@IndignantMN 
Have you ever tried Trump Lutefisk? Only a master lyer can prepare it properly.
My son calls it "Scandinavian horror fish." 
Not a fan of IKEA. #MinnesotaConfessions
Ha! Ate lutefisk for the first time in Sweden last year. You aren’t missing anything, that’s for sure
What would Thorvald say if he knew?
Served every year growing up but managed to only try it once-not a good full blooded Norwegian 
Me too!
WHAT? I've got family in MN and was under the impression that it's an important Rite of Passage. Where are you REALLY from, Senator? ;)
Me too.
Me too. (In regards to lutefisk)
I tried it ONCE, many many years ago.  Hopefully there are no lasting effects.
Lutefisk, the Scandinavian treasure, yum!
Because you're not from Minnesota
Happy to hear that Al!! Gross!
When I was in Sweden I mentioned Minnesotans and their lutefisk. The general response was: that's gross- we haven't eaten that in 100 years.
From Canada but this thread makes me want to visit Minnesota ( but may avoid the lutefisk!) 
Anything Andrew Zimmern can barely eat can't be good.
@IndignantMN Uff Da. What about Lefse? #Lefse
I don't even know what the hell a lutefish is
Scandinavian fermented fish.
Every Christmas til 1989 I had to endure Lutefisk. Don't miss it.
Same, Senator.  We're wiser than we get credit for.
I refused to honk at a couple standing behind my car when I was trying to back up because I didn’t want to be rude.  #MinnesotaConfessions
I moved to Minneapolis right after college because of Mary Tyler Moore. #MinnesotaConfessions
Lutefisk. Yuck!
That’s probably a wise decision 
I made this confession, too! With you all the way on the 'no lutefisk' platform!
Had to eat it once at my college roommate parent’s house - thought I was going to die after one bite.
hahahahaha
@IndignantMN As a Lutheran pastor I respect your honesty...and discerning palate. It's lye!
Grandma had it in a bucket on the back porch. Never tried it. Too scared!!!
Just get past the smell and heavy on the butter. 
Me, too, Sen.! I grew up near you, in Glen Lake, neither my Swede mom or Gma made it, so I’ve never had it. Not complaining
Just the name

Uff da!
Hur serveras det i Norge? Det serveras alltid med en riktigt äcklig sås i Sverige. Fisken är OK, men jag fixar inte såsen...
And Stuart feels good about it
Just Googled it. Seems like an eminently wise decision. #thatisallkindsawrong
Isn’t that a kind of Nordic gefilte fish? Honest question.
I just had a King of the Hill moment. "I ate the lutefisk." #dammitBobby
Me too.  No blood sausage either.  Although, I guess it’s good.
Good to know we're not alone
Love this. King of the hill popularized lutefisk when bobby ate too much of it. Very. Funny. Minnesotan Frankenstein’s
Yum fish flavored petroleum jelly
Don't tell Garrison Keillor
Fried cheese curds are squeaky and gross.
Know but you eat crow alot.
Holiday gift ideas!
Congratulations. I've heard of this and it sounds awful.
Me, too
And you call yourself a Minnesotan? Oofda.
@IndignantMN disgraceful! Someone get this guy to a lutefisk fundraiser!
Send some to Trump!
Another show of intelligence!
*high five*
OK, here's my confession:  I drank my last glass of milk at age 8.  I could not stand the taste of dairy---milk, cream, butter, et al.....
I’ve never been to Minnesota but have always wanted to visit!
#MinnesotaConfessions
My Norwegian grandfather loved it and was strong as an ox at 88. I recoil in horror. You're fishy enough and gosh darn it people like you
I’m with you. And I grew up with a Norwegian Lutheran grandmother who made it every Christmas Eve.
I was born in Queens, New York, and I still ask for a glass of watterr. Also the lutefisk thing.
Good call. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lutefisk 
@IndignantMN me too. Although I'm not from Minnesota. 
Oh, me, too! I always quickly walk by the stand at Viking Fest in Poulsbo
Your best and most accurate roll even better than acting as a senator was that moron you played in Trading Places. That seems to be so you
No way!! Every Christmas with my Grandparents from MN!
Bhahahaha.  Good for you!!!
You Senator are a Giant.
