I would but I don't enjoy watching a comedian turned senator, try to sound smart.
@MSNBCAl Franken disturbs me. He is completely disingenuous. I even get a bad feeling when I see him on TV.
You have become a neocon's neocon.  Aren't you proud?  Is this so you can fund AQ again?
is that all you do is go on talk shows? I looked up your accomplishments in senate and it's literally zero
Go Sen. Franken! Keep fighting the good fight. And pretty please make #FrankenStein2020 a reality!
Love you Al!!!
The Dems/media only want to hold an investigation so it stalls the push for policies helping Americans.
People are calling for investigation b/c our greatest enemy has potentially infiltrated the highest lvls of our gov't
I'd like to see all of your tweets calling for investigations when Hillary sold 20% of our uranium to Russia
that is alternate fact
thank you for representing us and pushing for the truth.
we see what the Dems are doingObstructing and delaying the progress Trumps making
2018 will have LESS DEMS
Hang Al for Treason.
Maybe Franken should explain how felons voted him into office in a highly spurious election.
AG Sessions spoke twice with Russian envoy during campaign, didn't tell Senate hearing: officials
He was a senator on arm service commitee. DEMs & GOP talk to ambassadors as part of job.
He should have told the truth when asked .
Listen to FULL question, Franken framed it from a false story & Sessions answered in context.
Senator, please come on MSNBC a bit later sometime for the West Coast. It's the Al Franken decade! #resist
So anyone can get a phd these days. Do you teach a mandated liberal course? Womens studies?
.@senfranken @morning_joe @msnbc Senator Franken,  you are a true Patriot. Wish I could say the same thing to @johncornyn and @tedcruz
NOT!  Just like the rest of the dems could not care less about the people
Sessions should resign!Can't be in charge of @realDonaldTrump 's investigations and head DOJ! 
JOE MCCARTHY WAS RIGHT!!!! COMMIES EVERYWHERE!!!!!!!!!
bring up Flynn & Sessions were fired and dismissed from office by previous admin. may explain Lv 4 Putin
Why do you have less followers than @SarahPalinUSA ?
Hey Al are you going to tell that joke you told about wanting to drug and rape Leslie Stohl?
Franken 2020
look @ connect @realDonaldTrump going 2 mar lago bc no secure web & #russia & #fertilizerking
Al, could you talk about how you f*ed all the women cast members on SNL? 
And when you say you f*ed them all, are you including rape?
You're a joke.
you are a travesty. You didn't do anything about Loretta Lynch and Bill Clinton. You sat silent!
You're a hypocrite.  U never asked for AG Loretta Lynch to step down when she met with Bill Clinton.
So happy I chose not to tune in to listen to this liberal hack!
Let be frank, Franken, S. Rice, E Holder, V Jarrett all lied, not one resigned. Leave @POTUS cab. pics alone
u r a political sleaze.  Congress should investigate u wasting taxpayer $.
you do realize only the ignorant ones believe you guys now. You're taking advantage of the poor
remember when the Republicans did all this crazy shit to Obama? No, me neither
you are a joke. #hemorrhaging
USA offerred One Time Only pass to watch evil & ignorant Morning Joke... for purpose of hearing Senator Al.
lying Al Frankenstein and disgusting Nancy PIMPelosi are at it again.
Thank goodness you asked him that question during his confirmation hearing!  You are our hero today!
AL FRANKEN protecting our democracy.  THANK YOU!  xo
Liberals Aren’t Liking This Newly-Discovered Photo Of The 1924 Democratic Convention…
Thank you for getting Sessions on the record!
CALL FOR HIS RESIGNATION! Please 
duhhhhhhh yeah go franken go. Commies are invading us. They own trump. Lol
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @AnnCoulter Go back to being a COMEDIAN. #MAGA
Keep pursuing the Truth! America deserves no less & if you must, make them squirm in order to get Facts!
Thank you for asking the tough questions during Confirmation hearings.
thank you for asking the right questions during nomination hearings. Job well done. Pres 2020?
Again you make me proud to be an X-Minnesotan!! Enjoy your last and meaningless term as Sen.Mn going red!!!
For Sessions: 'How would the ambassador know you weren't acting as a Trump surrogate. Did you take off the hat?'
... +++ ...
"Good people don’t s̶m̶o̶k̶e̶ ̶m̶a̶r̶i̶j̶u̶a̶n̶a̶ provide misleading testimony"
how much money have u made being a senator ? How many millions ? Back room deals ? Crooked favors ?
Nothing more than a lackey for the Dems.  YOU resign.
you need to be a crappy comedian cause u suck as a senator ur crooked n liar / double standard hypocrite!
ur a hypocrite knowing full well obama was caught talking to Russians before election caught on microphone
@morningmika Would've been nice if they'd asked you about this:
Hey, Al. @SenFranken Serious Q. You find speaking with the Russian ambassador "deeply concerning" but you endorsed HRC, knowing abt this? 
As usual, Trump scandal arises, attack Clinton as a defense.  She is out if office, Trump isn't yet.
F off, CTR
No thanks.
How does it feel to be irrelevant Al??
don't forget to mention how Obama was busted on an open mic making political promises to Russia.
 that moment when former comedian @SenFranken owns former reality tv star 'bcuz of #Sessions! @MSNBC @Morning_Joe @smorajames @RickHORNOS
keep it ! take your vitamins we need you strong!!!
Sessions MUST resign - or go to jail!  He LIED under oath!  Recusing himself AINT enough! Remember emails???
Never heard "Russia" muttered in Obama/Clinton/Bush WH,now every person in this Admin has ties. Go get em AL
Who cares? What are you doing about healthcare, social security, Medicare/Medicaid? How about child hunger?
Sen. Franken points out, Trump never showed letter that he was under audit. Why hasn't media demanded this?
Please push for investigations. I would want you to be on the committee heading up Senate investigations.
Go get him Mr Franken, this is intolerable.
IMHO Franken went soft on #Sessions in that interview, gave Sessions an out by not calling this what it is, a lie.
"I'm good enough, I'm smart enough, and doggone it, people like me." Not lol. Will u be taking q's from both viewers?
Got my Al fix this morning and now I'm a happy girl!!!!!  More, more, more!
Please keep up the awesome work. And Thank you.
Thank you for your hard work, your precise questioning, and your integrity. -Texas, where Sessions has no problem with voter ID.
Al, #BernieOrBust
Al we have @TulsiPress, @SenSanders , @RonanForDNC now..move aside and quit acting like you are resistance
Al, that mystic presence you once may have had in the DNC is gone and that's ashame. We have @ninaturner now
Can we get #YatesOnTheCase?
why would I want to hear your useless hot air.
My wife met you sir along with her dance teachers,they all say the same,your creepy,your just really creepy

thank u
Wow what a source. U being able to discuss anything and and make sense is a stretch Frankenstupid strikes
Al, you're a patriot!  Every one knows that the Martians & Russians stole the election... and unicorns.
Al - Looking forward to you being bold.
you need to go back to comedy!! Never mind you sucked at that too
he lied or omitted facts to the American people so now how are we to trust him to serve us well?
He didn't lie look at the question he was asked
.@SenFranken .@Morning_Joe .@MSNBC Nice job but I do believe if anyone commits perjury they should resign especially when it's AG
it's nice to see the only ones holding @realDonaldTrump to the fire SNL past n present ...keep it up senator
stop being political and harassing the Trump administration your democrats lost and deal with it please
Why is Trump refusing to release his tax returns?  That should concern you.
You mean to talk about your witch-hunt into Sessions?
@ANTONIO47MEX a program that most people Don't Watch.Lowest rated AM show
@alfranken @MSNBC @Morning_Joe What experience did Al have before becoming @SenFranken? 
Comedy and Talk shows, no experience...what a joke!
its Moldytrump Al...lol.. Give Me Liberty! I'm an American Cannabis Consumer
thx for the hilarious reminder that the Russian ambassador is Russian.
Hey Franken(stein), where's Lon Chany and Boris Karlof?
Job well done getting Sessions to perjure himself senator.
After this you can talk about Marco Rubio and Wilbur Ross, you can get Vlad on speaker phone :) Treason
Don't be nice All, love you man, but the hell with misleading, he lied. 
AL you made it very clear during the time of the campaign means disclose all !
can't you have him water boarded to get the truth?
I love WikiLeaks!
Good job of setting the trap for AG "Crooked Sessions"! #CCBCPoliticalScience
Loved u as an actor but u doing your thing as Senator
why haven't you of all people called for his resignation after lying under oath?!
Any stand UP planned for later today???
franken go back to comedy because u are a joke
Sen Al keep up the good work. You are a patriot and these troubling times call for true statesmanship.
put obama on the grand jury for fucking up our country ,he divided this country .we were 1 under bush
No we weren't Tbone...many were against Iran War & Muslim discrimination increased
BULLSHIT WE WERE NOT SEGERATED LIKE WE ARE NOW BLACK AND WHITE ..U ARE WRONG ..OBAMA DIVIDED USA
It seems Trump unleashed the prejudiced-they feel legit now...How about that Voting Rights Act?
great job Senator Franken for drilling down on traitor sessions!!
great interview. Keep the pressure on.
come to nj were the muslums cheer everytime an attack happens ..yes its all true ..
Good interview!!!  Please be our voice of reason in this Sessions issue.  You are NOT zealous!  Press on.
not #Zealless NOR #Hinkey but KNOWS!
dont know how u were elected to the senete ..trump will give us our country back,,u hate that ..grow up
PLEASE sir, Get to the bottom of trump- Russian ties
al Frankenstein is stumbling over his words
Senator 2020!!  I'm in. Thank you for your service!
Al Franken for president!
people like u are the reason nothing gets done in washingtonu are looking for anything to dissrupt the pouts
get him gone please
-  Franken is one goofy looking guy.  I still can't take the man seriously..
please pass along our gratitude to Joe for all his hard work as a Trump surrogate.
Stop Gorsuch, nothing else matters.
SICK POS WHEN ARE YOU GOING TO DO PEOPLE'S BUSDINESS
Thank you!! Truth prevails and we need men like you to torch the way.
low IQ joke
Good Job Al. AG must resign
Why would anybody want to listen to your bull? I demand you remain silent
be relentless - this new disclosure is unconscionable!!!
Last year I was upset you were not VP candidate. Now I'm really glad you are in Sen asking questions!
WaPost Feb. "Kislyak... was seated in front row of then-GOP cand. Trump’s 1st mj foreign policy speech..." 
keep investigating. Something smells
make sure you disclose your Russian family ties … we all want to know. Any meetings with Russians - grandma?
NEWS FLASH:  We may have a challenging relationship with Russia, but they are NOT an enemy!
please rush this process & Kick out all of them out of White House especially Steve Bannon & orange monkey
Those working to start a war with Russia are ignoramus snotcockers.
indict sessions
quick question... as a US Senator, are you allowed to meet with foreign dignitaries, such as ambassadors?
time for multiple impeachment trials! Let's get this done
Thank you Senator. Your question may have prevented the worst civil rights regression in 21st century US!
Thanks for the heads up, I will DEFIANTLY not channel surf at that time

go get 'em Al !
Chip away at the stone brother Al. #TrumpRussia is here to stay daddy-oh. Sessions is TOAST. #Resist
DO YOU WANT AMERICAN TO SUCCEED YOU IDOLS WILL LIE TO YOU
-  You aren't comedian.  You are THE joke.  Fake news.
@mattyglesias  "On this Day" from NYT... 
Why is this just coming out now

:THANK YOU FOR YOUR BRAVE SERVICE MR. FRANKEN. GIVE EM HELL SIR!
can't wait.
Chairman House Intell Com (Nunes - R CA) said 3/01 "no evid Russia contact beyond Flynn" - no mention by JS
good the cartoons start at 7 am
yes because treasonists are so fucking great for the country
Push this one hard — it could be the turning point.
Tune into @MSNBC @Morning_Joe around 7 AM CT. I'll be joining to talk about Attorney General Jeff Sessions.
unless you have tapes of their actual conversations don't sit on there and lie about meeting and election
its not the meeting that has him in trouble. It's the lie about not having a meeting.
A lie while under oath. Doubly damning because of the position he now holds. #recuse
Give em hell. Now is not the time to pull punches.
Sessions perjured himself. Go for it Senator! My senators @SenBobCorker & @SenAlexander won't do anything.
soon too be former AG Sessions
a new SNL skit?
