The achievement gap b/t disadvantaged students & their peers starts before kindergarten, but early childhood programs help narrow the gap.
Today I met w/ the MN Head Start Association & I told them that I’ll keep fighting to fund high-quality early learning programs.
Need to redefine "early childhood" to grade 6. Our finest teacher-role models shld be in those rooms & be HIGHEST PAID. Brain development!
Invest in education for children, and you will greatly decrease future prison populations. Packed classrooms do not help kids succeed...
Class size makes a difference & administration needs to b more supportive of teachers. More parents need to participate at school.
I would love smaller classes and more parental involvement. I'm lucky to have a mostly supportive admin, but other schools/teachers aren't.
However devos is causing such hatred and taking away all the protections from the children that they are learning discrimination and the
Inclusion is a thing of the past. I would bet there will be larger issues with her in office she needs to consider education on all levels
She has turned out to be the same evil money hungry disappointment to our society
In light of the glaring lack of education that became apparent this year, that a WONDERFUL idea
@EducationMN  Yes. Thank you. We are already seeing positive results in K from our voluntary pre K program
But where will all the future ignorant voters come from?
Too bad Betsy DeVoid of any brain cells doesn't agree with you...but then she's just in it for the estate tax break! #RANCIDSWAMP #UGH
Agreed
Like calling Dr Seuss racist??? Dems are retards
Bravo
According-child psychology first 5 years of a child's development is crucial to the stability & success of their future as adults
Sen. Franken: The public wants the best education for their children, yet they balk at a respectable wage for the teacher.  That's wrong!
Beats a $2.2 trillion tax cut
Only if you care more about the country than about party power.
See the July Lancet commission on dementia and prevention. Under education before age 15 major risk factor for #dementia #Alzheimers
Also trauma.
Will we teach them how to be comedians
The problem is,with programs like Head start is there are waiting lists. My granddaughter was on that list and NEVER CALLED!  Favorites?
 There are decades of studies showing that's true.  Congress's excuses have changed over the years, but mostly they're too cheap.
Thanks for being a child’s advocate!
Senator Franken: I agree that our children need high quality education. However,   we need quality wages for teachers!
Couldn't agree more. One challenge is accessing people of influence so us trainers can provide access to quality professional development
ya but...... Al, Is this even important right NOW?  What I am saying is stay on healthcare, impeachment and saving Puerto Rico.
@SenFranken We need to be doing more for children w disabilities to try to help them secure the best possible future.
As a pediatric RN and early interventionist, I absolutely agree. Birth to age 5 is time of tremendous brain growth!
It is. Ask a preschool teacher. Play IS learning. Books, clay, paint, water, sand, friends and a loving adult for hugs and conversation.
Thanks for saying that.  Seating kids at a desk or table at a young age is not the answer.
#LoveHeadstart
I believe that after school care is needed as an alternative to roaming the streets. Get kids involved in community building!
Both parties fail our kids. Neither puts the kid's best interest ahead of their fav lobby. For the good of the nation that has to stop.
Kudos Senator!!!!
Al Franken: study current Spanish  gov't policy on EARLY EDUCATION>Gov't starts @ 3 yrs. Children have no respect 4 the parents & lose contr
obvious
Of course
You make wish I lived in Minnesota so you could be my senator
MADNESS!!!! How will #DotardTrump get re elected if people get better at reading comprehension?! #Franken2020
Thank you Sen. Franken for everything you do. Our children our the priceless treasures of the world.
We've been #DeVosified.
Then you should be investing in Waldorf Schools (proud parent of 16 yo who started Waldorf at 3 and will graduate from Waldorf HS next yr).
And we're losing dearly in the area of education. I was in Peace Corps in the 70s in South Korea. Their emphasis on ed is reason for success
In countless ways. Socialization. Learning to learn. Special education. Nutrition. Early awareness of neglectful/abusive families.
Thank you for your service sir. I couldnt agree more.
Under estimated is the year's birth to 18 months when brain developed is at its most crucial. Once babies are secure learning takes off
Little grammatical blip. No apostrophe intended I "year's"
It's been shown to be true. Long term smart investment!
Yes, included in that needs to be Parenting skills to help aide our kids outside of school hours. Education & Parenting are kids foundation
A well educated population will never make a grievous mistake like electing Donald Trump. Knowledge prevents such things
Yes.  They are our future.  Invest in our future.
that song has been playing on the radio for 60 years and gov and politicians do nothing about it......sick of hearing it with no action
The ppl djt is installing r specialist in reorganization. They r stripping departments to bare bones & rendering useless.
Romney was a reorganization scavenger. He wld buy companies, strip the valuables & shut them down. No jobs.
Yes, lot's of great teachers.
plus 50 years of studies/data PROVE investing in early childhood education makes strong smart productive adults.
It is indeed and thank you for bringing this to our attention
A high quality early childhood education afforded my children a strong foundation from which to draw from.
Because of it my children graduated at the top of their class in HS.
As an EC teacher I thank you for your advocacy and your commitment to our little ones!!
If America spent more resources on education than guns and bibles, it might've looked VERY different. For the better.
Yes! And that needs to be coupled with nutrition. Gardening experience throughout entire school experience.
Hallmark of your 2020 presidential campaign?   Please?!?!  #Help #FreeMelania
How about this, EXTEND FAMILY LEAVE TIME AS THE UK does!!!!  Allow a mother to nurture that infant!!
It’s why I voted for Ross Pero a long time ago! It matters!
Money poorly spent is useless.  I have taught overseas in schools far less equipped than ours and education level was way superior. ITS US
aww @SenFranken havent seen your smiling face in a while. you are like a little ray of sunshine on a cold dark GOP corruptible day #Resist
Agreed. But the state can't care more than the parents. Poor and uncaring parenting will negate any program the state implements
Yes sir! Of course a lot of data would support that that investment is best executed through subsidizing school choice.
I'd be okay with that as long as not one penny goes to anything remotely religious, and proper oversight to weed out the shitty and shady
I disagree with the degree of religious aversion but hey, progress. Being a senator is easy. @BenSasse
Makes sense; too bad the majority of @gop isn't smart or ethical enough to get that.  Same for solid healthcare for young children.
ABSOLUTELY!
Impeach Trump
Not much proof for this.
So much cheaper to accomplish than housing lost souls in prison or trying to jump start later in life learning to meet shifting job markets
This early childhood educator thanks you!
Look at the Harlem project for real proof
As an educator for 40 years , i can assure you , this is true
So do I.
If the #GOP had their way our schools would look like those one room schools houses on "#LittleHouseOnThePrairie"
Clearly 1 of brightest people in Senate. You don't have to be a comedian to understand what's good for US but maybe it helps. @SenFranken
Yes!!!!!
Amen It’s the cornerstone of civilization especially if it includes all creative art music  poetry and critical thinking
America won't survive if we don't start producing generations that are intelligent enough to make good choices.
No more chrishun skool or home skool
And teaching kids work ethic. The late teens early 20's generation has no idea
absolutely
For ALL! YES YES YES!!!!

Yes! So we don't end up with another Trump for President!
Millennial reactions to all of this is very encouraging. I'll find the post.
For sure.  An educated population avoids situations like the one we're toiling in today.
U think states are going to do that when society is shaped like a triangle. Poor, under educated are base. Not give up foundation.
Why? Once the left gets them in public school, you do everything you can to poison their minds with your toxic mindset. STFU to our kids.
Yep...you can tell who wasn't in school that year!
Amen Senator Amen!
Unless the teacher is a Trump supporter!!
Yes, they won't become the irrational voters of the future
For everyone tho, no matter which neighborhood!
I agree, so how can we make it so that quality, truthful education is given to all? History, for one, has been distorted in many places.
Visit http://www.IAmTheTeacher.org  and click on the Education page. THAT is where Education MUST go, Or else its just Brainwashing\Conditioning
Kids don't stand a chance with DeVos.
That teaches a 2nd language!
The GOP thinks it's a waste of money. They have no concerned for the disadvantaged until it's time to lock them up in prison
Would you change your mind about running for President Al Franken?
@robreiner did that in CA and it was a HUGE SUCCESS!! I'm very proud to have been a part of it. (He didn't know me-called me the "$ lady") 
But babies aren't that smart
You need to start young. Every child deserves a chance. Our future, one day, will be in their hands.
Head start didnt do anything 4 long term milestones If u dont address poverty, inequality, all the family burdens u arent doing anything.
How about m
Good. Take care of #PuertoRico first.
Please consider supporting @TuftsDevTech @TuftsECT and fund early childhood robotics/tech. The best series of ECE tech courses available Thx
We must get rid of @BetsyDeVosED she is systematically reversing the past 50 years of educational progress Still a long way to go
But she is taking us backwards she is grossly unqualified for that position
http://familybuildingblocks.org 
#HelpPurtoRico  NOW!!!
I'm loving your book! I had no idea you did so many positive things before getting elected! Thank you for speaking up in the Senate.
And thanks for making suppressors legal again!!  Fight for our rights!!
for all children ?
Or...we can continue renting tRUMP golf carts & financing private jets for eclipse gazing, lunch dates, & beach stopovers.

Totally agree!
Yes but without incentive management the investment will get diminishing returns.
Ask any kindergarten teacher--clear difference b/t those who go and those who don't. (And those who don't go even when it's free-VPK)
Uh yeah it's called parenting
The children I have worked with agree!
agree but doesn't mean union controlled public education
How about some investment in Head Start , Senator. They work so hard for children with so little assistance
So right!
For American born children right? Born of legal American citizens? You know folks born, raised, worked, payed taxes and had kids! Those kids
I have always felt the same way
Well, Sen. Al...WE NEED 2 do something!  I never knew there were so many stupid people in the US, until that lunatic showed up at the WH!
That is a great idea!
But... a majority of adults and their children care more about
"stuff and things"
then they do education.
Attitudes 🖓
Totally agree!! Childhood development means economic development in the future.
Yes those other issues need attention too but this will help many get out of that cycle
Any educational investment for public learning is pivotal for democracy
Depends on what you plan to teach them.
High price education is indeed the best for children.
It doesn't have to be high price, high QUALITY is the important factor!
Really? I'm putting my money in beachfront property.
Read: high-quality liberal indoctrination.
I believe Trump missed out on that and it is evidenced in his inability to speak in a coherent manner. So YES it is a smart investment!
Daisy in his case, we do not possess tools to educate the wilfully stupid. It would work for everyone else tho!
Point taken! I stand corrected.
He is a child tho, I gotta rethink this
I believe a middle class tax cut gives us more $ to spend on our kids.
Duh
Absolutely! Education opens door to so much! Better critical thinking skills, reading comprehension, more informed decision-making too!
YES
Legality aside, can we invest in innovative ways to reduce the countless heinous abortion murder of healthy children en womb for convenience
Thank you for speaking up for education, Senator Franken! You're my favorite giant!
There are also economic facts to back you up.
Reciepts:
https://www.minneapolisfed.org/publications/special-studies/early-childhood-development …

Especially the Rolnick/Grunwald study from the early '00's!
Yes!You reap what you sow.Investment in early childhood Ed should include investing in communities & getting families involved.
Fully fund and expand #HeadStart a time tested successful program and provide universal preschool 
I agree based on economic research that I've heard about.
#HeadStart should remain fully funded!
PUERTO RICO!!  Only that tweeting till these people are saved
So, government daycare?
Is it too late for me, my wife says that I act like a child most of the time...
That's a no-brainer! Please continue your fight. You are our favorite senator. Priceless how you act in the conf-hearing. Legendary
But Al wouldn't it make more sense to spend that money engraving "Freedom" on bombs before dropping them on coincidentally oil-rich nations?
Totally accurate.
Would change america 
I believe teaching parents to take an interest in their kids education is important.
School is not just work or daycare for kids.
FRanken 2020.
Don't let Betsy or Donald hear you say that,,  YIKES!!
As an early childhood educator for almost 30 years, thank you Senator Franken.
ABSOLUTELY! And even 1000x better if we had #EarlyBilingualismforAll in most daycares, preschools, Head Start, etc.
Good luck with that, no more hand outs to the riff-raff as long as Betsy's in charge of education
only if you do early education the right way. Preschool is not practicing for elementary school. NAEYC standards matter.
I agree.
Yes, early education is important. But as we are witnessing now, kids not learning civics, history, and stem for the future of our country.
Is that the same history you all keep rewriting and changing to suite your political narratives? Ahhh yep, I knew it!
#CleanAirWaterSoilFoodVote
#UniversalHealthcare
#SafeSmartUniversalCHILDCARE
#sustainability
#OverturnCitizensUnited
#LoveUSAevolveUSA
Hey Al, what do you have to help Puerto Rico? You know we can't depend on the Orange One and GOP.
It's unfortunate that the Secretary of EDUCATION doesn't agree
So unfortunate, for public systems private schools will thrive but are already ok if only all of our schools were run exactly like private
Clearly our country is lacking good education
As a school counselor I strongly agree
I've been working with babies my entire adult life. Just thank you. They pay nothing for something crucial. We work for love and poo!You 2?
Early education should be made to all regardless of race creed or income. Remember they grow up to be our leaders
I agree it we don't provide Early Education our children will always start at lower advantage compared to those who do.
Education is an investment, not an expense
A nation cannot b more developed or advanced that its education system
Obviously you don't do it by agressive cuts to public spending, but the converse isn't sufficient either.
Yes but as a former teacher & kinda psychologist, nobody seems quite sure how to do it.
And USA making it more affordable for those who really have a hard time getting money to pay for their education shd be their priority
Yes Senator ! We all know that only our secretary of Education don't know ! He should drop her like a hot potato love you Senator
You pay for people. Kids are the best investment you can make.
Senator. With all due respect, that just makes too much sense.
THE smartest.
Nothing more important!!!
