I’m leading a group of @SenateDems in a milestone effort to bring down the skyrocketing price of prescription drugs. https://www.facebook.com/senatoralfranken/posts/1312176988868180 … 
but u have an issue the #comedian doesn't/ u represent the #medicineChest
Have you flip-flopped and finally think Canadian drugs are safe to import? Great work! Inspiring!
Canada has a cautious process to approving drugs. Hasn't changed. Glad he probably pissed off his pharma donors he previously sucked up to.
@SenateDems Millions Of Salutes to SenCoryBooker & SenFranken Both Are Outstanding Senators & Patriots. Thanks
Senate must address Medicare Part D..hard for seniors to address annually changing terms & dealing with penalties. Benefits big pharma only.
Support Senator Franken
but cory please explain why you accepted so much money from big pharma?
@CoreyBooker AND why you voted against the last bill that would have done this already?
@LeslieMarshall @SenFranken funny how you just now decided to do that 
Great, thanks. Now will join the filibuster of Gorsuch? It's the people versus corporate power. Plz vote #NoGorsuch.
Great team -thank you!
Yeah,...Mutt and Jeff! The dynamic duel. They're not going to do anything for you that won't line their own pockets first!

BookerFranken2020 been saying it for a while
Yes please. Keep it up.
@jaytay777 @SenFranken have to pay $150 for a single pill. Help us!
Oh boy! 2 bozos working together = 1 liberal circus
So proud and grateful for you both! Sending love from SoCal
That's going to require regulating the pharmaceutical companies. The GOP and Trump will never let that happen.
This WH is so corrupt and committing treason why is nobody outrage this is unbelievable wow speechless
Neither one of you can lead your way out of a wet paper bag, much less lower prescription costs!
eliminate law that prevents pharmacies from advertising prices. allow people ability to choose where they buy ...
Rx. will prevent unfair price negotiations w/pharmacies and allow Place-A & Place-B to sell drugs at same price!
one month supply of migraine meds cost me $2300. Please, help!
thanks
I am so proud of the Dems, who are intelligent and committed to improving our country and the lives of their constituents.
BS Cory
@SenateDems   8 years of silence?
there's this thing called #fullrepeal, add #FDA budget and regulation reduction and Voila! Cheaper scrips, Dipshitzz
Thank you both
As do we, keep the fight alive gentleman, we're behind you all.  Thank you for your service and leadership.
@reevesjs
I like this! No real change in business, just making the companies more transparent... good first step #MakeInformedLegislation
go for it!!   We love you!!!!
aholes
Agree!
thank you both so much for your hard work on behalf of all of America!
It costs $13k for each monthly infusion I receive. Pharma co offers payment assistance. Why not just lower cost?
r a thug Corey
you. Toes against the bill to reduce prices and get over 200k from big Pharma. Where is your leadership?  #hypocrite
This is why you deserve so much respect Senator Franken. You actually care.
LMAO, say the senator who voted no on bernies bill importing meds from Canada. 300k a year from big pharma. #sellout
So what made you change your mind this time around?
let's "really" make America greater by building on the milestones accomplished in the past 8 years.
Oh, and what might they be? More hate and division?
thank you both
smart start..also look into medical equipment co OVER charging hospitals n medical facilities..reform starts here
Cannot afford Xarelto and would love to purchase at Canada or even take a chance on Mexico quality thanks...
almost always agreed with you Cory. Again why the last vote in committee? Can't afford my prescriptions...
God bless! Seniors have been ripped off for years,which took away from living expenses!Fact
do it up senators!  #makemedsaffordableforall!
thank you for standing up-esp this particular issue #resist #booker2020
...... The two of you make a great Democratic ticket for 2020. After 2018 elections the tide turns. Ride that wave.
thank you!  I
@DemLibs @SenFranken don't get what was wrong with Bernie bill but is he in on this?
Yasss! Besides my rent & car ins. that's my biggest bill each mo even w/pt D cov, just 5 rx's. THANK YOU both!!
Typical establishment politician. Hopefully people can see through your BS and not go for you in 2020 if you run.
Minnesota is so lucky to be represented by Sen. Franken and Cory Booker you rock.
Cory Booker is one of the biggest pieces of shit in the Senate. Don't fall for it.
while you're at it, "bring down" Trump, Pence, Ryan, McC, all advisors and the entire cabinet. Thx!
I pay $225 a month for nasal spray. NASAL SPRAY!!!
ditto!
@deray @SenFranken welcome to the good team, Cory.
what was it under obama admin that allowed/caused drug prices to go so high? Why did u wait till now to act?
i really wish you wouldnt support charter schools Cory, its terrible for public schools and many communities.
please keep fighting to hold on to your soul in this dirty game of politics
don't forget the Insurance Companies.  They also drive the costs up, while figuring out loopholes to benefit them
.@CoryBooker @SenFranken Thank you Cory & Al. Employees in every doctor's office gets free lunch from #BigPharma! Should save some $$.
@msmack9871 @SenFranken Great Senators!
THANK YOU THANK YOU As a retiree who needs two brand name high-priced drugs, I appreciate your efforts to do good wk
thank you both for doing such a good job.
Never bothered to try before until Trump said it. What exactly do you do?
good! This is what all Americans have needed. Trump ran on this and he will help you.
can you also lead an effort to clean the WH out? How much more lunacy, nepotism, and disrespect of the office!
As a student pharmacist, to be licensed as a pharmacist in 1 year, I greatly thank you. Our patients need help.
Something sorely needed
Sounds like a solid 2020 ticket to me...
Dude, you voted *against* lower prices b/c big donors from big pharma. @SenFranken is just too polite to mention it.
Lower prescription cost
That'd be great!
Good luck guys
Resist Insist Persist
can we  address that cash price is less than  Ins price! When Ins pays they jack up the price on some medications
.@CoryBooker @SenFranken Not enough. #MedicareForAll
Please bring the costs down. It's ridiculous what the US pays compared to other countries.
thank you sir! @SenFranken as well. And all you haters...he'd said that the other bill was problematic but he'd fight for this.
go go go Al and Cory!!! Thank you.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.
@deray @SenFranken This guy votes AGAINST lowering the cost of RX drugs, faces a HUGE blowback, now he's for it. Nice try 
learned from truth to power
Dear Senators, @CoryBooker @SenFranken please follow #insulin4all. Too many individuals can't afford insulin, some are dying because of it.
I am looking forward to the day Dems stop taking $ from big pharma and other special interests
we love you @SenFranken I was buying inhalers for my asthmatic cat for a 1/3 of the cost from New Zealand crazy shit
but wait — I thought Booker was beholden to Big Pharma?? #corybooker #bigpharma
Will see if you can even Make Deal Senator! Or you can make us Laugh!!! You missed your calling!
.@CoryBooker @SenFranken Cory, if you or a family member got sick while in Canada would you trust their prescription drugs? Yes or no.
Fully support this endeavor. Keep up the good work, Senators!
glad to see franken fighting for lower drug prices. I wonder if he voted against cheaper medicines at all?
Sen franken- did you get cash from big pharma too?
We know @POTUS has said he wants to address. Time to put voters a head of special interests.
not just drug prices everything that's going on. We need leaders.
My world fell apart last year around the election, which I thought was the worst moment of my life 1/
Poor snowflake!
You fell for a Con man, post your story of why you voted Trump
nice touch
Thank you <3 <3 <3
This would be a great humanitarian effort if u guys can get the Repukes to join n and have a bipartisan effort 2 pas
that would be nice but nothing in it for gop rich people and corps
I live in NJ how can this stop? We need you.
Keep up the good fight for us little people! We need you all now now than ever!
proud to have you both fighting for us, but mostly proud to have @CoryBooker as my senator
Good for you.  It is nice to see someone in Congress that as our best interest at heart. Thanks.
How about a patriotic pharmaceutical act: no more than the mean price of other developed countries?
Thank you both. I can barely afford my medicine, which I need to work/maintain a job.
