.
Care to explain your vote for an even more bloated military budget than what the Fool in Chief asked for?

#Sellout
#Disgusting
Or right now please
Ps-i prefer focusing on policies over party names
Fuck off with your Bernie bro bullshit. Franken just voted for more bombs to allow Trump to kill people, so don't act like you and only you
IMPEACH INCARNATE All Trumps, Administration, ELAINE CHAO GRAHAM CASSIDY GINSURG GIULIANI DUNES MANSPORT FLYNN SON GOP @ACLU
OMG! Stinky pieces of greedy crap!! How can this be?What kind of bribery takes place in our congress? WE NEED TO STOP THIS!  VOTE!
It is time to put both Congressional Houses on the same Health Care Plan as the American people.
YES! Work those three women! No
real person would vote for this!!!
Thank you!!!!
I live in Calif.and get medicare but I am appalled at what these idiot gopers are trying to do!They try every trick to convince people!
We need to kill the bill... #STOPTrumpCare
#SaveLinda #FixObamacare
with your pal, Bernie?
Fight for us all Al
Keep up the fight Senator!  NJ is fighting too.
You go man!
WE can rally. WE can call. But ONLY YOU can delay, obstruct, bring big donors & influencers to bear. Do that instead. We got the rally part.
U were on wrong side of 700b to military.  Will u push for #MedicareForAll
I'll be there in spirit.
Thoughts are with you!
Thank you senators Al Franken, Chuck Schumer, Cory Booker, Mazie Hirono, Chris Murphy and the rest of the gang.......great debates yesterday
Franken for President
How can you miss out on a photo op? Thought you were all for Single Payer. Lying crooks what you are.
Rally hard. Republicans need to get back to work & work w/Dems for ACA improvements.
Go Al. Go Al. Go Al!!!!!
Thank you Senator for all you are doing. I did make the call. Certain millions of us are & it will stop this.
Go get em!
Why did you vote Yea on $700b for new military funding
So what R they saying they've "fixed" abt the prev hlthcare bill that would get enough Repub votes to pass it this time around?
Al in 2020

Keep the fight!
Please please save my health insurance,  I cannot afford to live without it..
Fight! Block, hold, filibuster!  USA any/all Senate rules to stop this from happening. Fight!
Al, you are an obstructionist! Leave the dark side.
Good luck these rats will do whatever it takes to end ACA
RT now!!! We did this once!!! Americans, let's get our voices heard!!m you will not sabotage our health care!!!
RT won't work!
Hold McCain to his words: Regular order. Committees, public debate. INTEGRITY trumps partisanship.
Show us how good the act is, by ending the exemption for all law makers, Congress and their staffs to get special treatment. One law for all
U guys are smart enough to do it, and damn it...people like u!
Thank you! I am thers in Spirit as i fear for my daughter who has autism/disabled. I need to know that she and others will have health ins.
No thanks, looking for the rally against the primary fraud lawsuit being dismissed on a technicality.

Can you help me with that Alfred?
Keep it up!!!
Thank you!
Please save my children's healthcare!  Disabled children will die without Medicaid!
Yes!  Thx!
Thank you @SenFranken !
I believe Lindsey Graham thinks @SenJohnMcCain is all talk, with no conviction in his words.  I guess we will all find out. #regularorder
EVERYBODY GET OFF YOUR BUTTS, HEADS OUT OF YOUR SMARTPHONES AND RALLY AGAINST THE REPUBS' REPEAL & REPLACE. WAKE UP AMERICA. DO IT NOW!!!!
Yes!
James Connolly was a good republican! Tiocfaidh ar la
Thank you
It used to be the big killers in America were things like Polio, war, poverty, cigarettes, AIDS and drugs. Now...Trump, war and healthcare.
Not to put too much on your plate, but can you also do something about the madman in the White House trying to goad us into nuclear war?
If Republican Senators from ME and Alaska vote no will the bill pass? We're not getting McCain this time
Thanks for once again fighting a ridiculous GOP healthcare bill!!
Bot
Can you explain to Trump supporters how this will hurt them too? Do they think it's only devastating for Democrats?
Go get 'em, Al!
Thank You and may God Bless You for protecting the American people.
Thank you for having our backs 
I called Senator Toomey to register my anger at this craven attempt to yet again strip Americans of healthcare!

This bill is crueler than the previous two. It must be stopped.
