But in case you missed it, when Senate GOP voted to kill #BroadbandPrivacy rules last week, they opened that door. https://www.franken.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=3649 …
I'll continue fighting against efforts to undermine Minnesotans' privacy rights b/c I work for consumers, not deep-pocketed corporations.
Internet privacy is very important. Rules are already in place. GOP is going out of their way to repeal them.
that is absolutely the truth, Privacy it is the next red herring in the world, well it been going on for a long time
Then why the hell did lawmakers push through a bill without allowing public comment?
what's the point of having identity theft now?
That's a good question...
I need some answers.
is this rocket science?  I think NOT.
There is no benefit to citizens for their private information to be for sale, only possible harm!  Please fight fur us, Sen Franken! RT
I hardly every agree we You but no argument here
Nothing is too difficult for You, God
Heal out Land and bring us together as Americans first....
@LisaMoraitis1 @amyklobuchar BLOCK  GORSUCH. power to the People NOT Corporations!
Is this not going against the US constitution?
Yeah, neither should #NSA #CIA but they spit on the Bill of Rights & y'all make a mockery of the law.
Isn't this the current definition of identity theft?
@puppymnkey 

No they shouldnt. But if they do let's start a SuperPac now 2 buy Donald Cucks et al. #turnaboutisfairplay
@No1CurrAYB I love you Al Franken!!!
how do we stop them?
Please interview Sally Yates.
Finally, we agree on something
I agree! This is a Bill against our rights.Will harm us n put is severe financial loss n id theft. Scammers dream# plz Vote No!
@puppymnkey agreed
serious question: is this not a HIPAA nightmare waiting to happen?
@HelenaBurke17 no just the Chinese government
THANK YOU, SENATOR!!!  Someone is protecting us! <3
What next? the 'Do Not Call' registry is abolished?
@puppymnkey Damned right!!
Yes, thank you, Al. Also, corporations shouldn't be able to degrade and ruin our life-supports. You know...air, water, land...
if my info is being sold I want $ id rather have privacy but if i have no say I want to be compensated
if you take corporate money you are no better than they are
Not just the highest bidder ... ANY bidder! Think how easily browser history could be used to intimidate, coerce or blackmail.
Why does this even need to be said?
Thank you Al!
Please do something to stop this. Tell us what we can do. It is a violation of our privacy.
please stop this. The absurdity is absurd!
@Newyorker2212 I don't give any of my friends numbers or addresses out. It's their business who has that info not mine....1
2/ Why is it ok that the government lets these corp. have and do what they want with ours.Wrong on so many levels
Nor should hunters be able to kill bears & wolves—cubs included while hibernating in their dens #Inhumane
corporation shouldn't be able to buy Congress members for favors. 
But they do.
thanks Senator
Yet you were willing to support a POTUS who had one policy for the public & a secret policy for her corporate masters? #noTrust
You're only against it because it's GOP initiated, you'd be fine if POTUS HRC was pushing it you sellout.
hell no!
And they don't own the data we generate. They are stealing resources.
Tell US something WE DON'T know! Tell us you crafted a Bill to #ProtectOurRights from #EmperorTrump's #ThoughtPolice! Al, It's #GettingScary
@SchelleShocked 
This administration needs to go along with the majority of the republicans in power
@ricswartzlander
you mean like the US government?
...or at all..?
What can you & Senate do to stop this?
@TheClaudiaBlack Nor should they be able to patent DNA strands as they are naturally occurring (and thereby a violation)
Thank you for your work on behalf of Minnesotans and all Americans.
@h8dog Don't worry Al nobody will be after yours
Thank you, Al!
Couldn't you guys filibuster that, Senator?
@lisa_simonetti We should have ownership of same, and create a new economy around our personal data use. This is theft.
Said It before ,Industry lobby foresaw this and preempted the possibility.
you give them permission as soon as you accept the terms
Please inform your colleagues that if this passes that  citizens will purchase & publish their browing histories for all to see.
Honestly I wnat a Dem platform outlawing this practice. Click = $$ tech model needs to end.
The gov't shouldn't be able to take your hard earned tax dollars and use them on gov't waste and enriching the ruling class
while we have to put out the big fire #Trumprussia, we can be sure the GOP is looting anything they can lay hands on.
@LarryJFeller3 
Yeah @HouseGOP @SpeakerRyan 
What's up with this!?
Obama protected privacy.
Not YOU guys. 
Everything for sale.
@RepBrianFitz   Sen Franken you are correct. Rep Brian Fitzpatrick Please vote no!!!!
I thought the Republicans were all about freedom and liberty
YES. You tell 'em Al!
Thank you.
Thanks for fighting on behalf of the ppl
Welcome to Trump world. He is systematically taking our rights...on his way to dictatorship.
with all due respect, Senator, there are a lot of things that shouldn't happen without my permission.
Do they not realize that their data can be bought and sold and posted? Or do they think it's magically protected?
.@SenFranken Would really appreciate ur efforts in protecting privacy. Every transaction on web (including this one) is tracked and sold.
How is this legal under 4th Amdmnt. Just because someone hosts my data, or I send one company my info, doesn't mean I concent.
please demand an independent council to investigate Trump/Russian ties!!
If they do, shouldn't we at least get some of the kick back???
Vote yes on Gorsuch. My zip code is 55427.
22
an invasion
TRUE  Trump is back dooring removal of consumer, worker and environmental protections all 4 a buck!
all for a ruble
But corporations are people, my friend. And people like to gossip.
THESE GUYS ARE OFF THEIR ROCKERS C R A Z Y!
And yes this ISP bill is a nightmare. Please keep fighting for our rights!
That's RIGHT! Republicans determined to get rid of our rights, my private information is private!!
Or make unlimited campaign contributions. Step 1 to the big fix : MUST repeal Citizens United. Thanks for you service Sen. !
I agree Sid but it's the law & was affirmed by the SCOTUS and if the young court jester Gorsuch gets confirmed???
pls stop the 
neither should obama
absolutely not @LindseyGrahamSC @SenatorTimScott @ChuckGrassley @SenFeinstein
its ok with Trump in charge
