Thank you Senator Franken! Please run in 2020. We need tough, honest, compassionate president. Sounds like you!
Single payer like Medicare!!
Do u know what Medicare is?  Really?  It's taken out of hard earned Legal American paycheck for futureDuhhhhh
Agreed! Now make the GOP open their doors! Don't get locked out. Keep knocking till it drives them crazy!
no need Senator, your president just promised again to cover "everybody" and for "60-70% less(premiums)".  We're SAVED!
Mr Franken there is only one clear way...
FREE HEALTH CARE FOR ALL LEGAL CITIZENS PERIOD
Life lesson: Nothing's free
#WTF DUHHHH, WE PAY TAXES THAT SHOULD COVER IT,  SO ITS NOT FREE!!!
Gonna have to start paying a lot more taxes to cover it
Maybe u should do a little research to see much of our taxes are wasted that could pay for all our health care, ie aid to foreign countries
How? Believing doesn't make it happen. Getting to work will help. Make an affordable health care plan that doesn't involve the IRS.
.....hey Al....i just read your book.....you make me laugh....but you also make me proud of you....thanks for your efforts to help America!
We're with you, Al!
Al #theResistance are the only ones who care!! It's sad there's people like them in this Congress!! Cluster F**k Congress So mad
#SinglePayer #UniversalHealthCare #MedicareForAll
Oh Al, that would take working with people who take their oath of office seriously
You don't believe that. You hate Americans and hold them in contempt. https://scholar.princeton.edu/sites/default/files/mgilens/files/gilens_and_page_2014_-testing_theories_of_american_politics.doc.pdf …
I believe that too but 2 laws today are being forced against the constitutional amendment rights I have. #RussiaWeek I get Trump Tower #lies
As long as Congress gets same healthcare as everyone else! No elites!
PLEASE RUN FOR PRESIDENT NEXT ELECTION!!  PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE
WE WANT SINGLE PAY MEDICARE FOR ALL! HOW LOUD DO WE HAVE TO SHOUT IT TO YOU BEFORE YOU LISTEN?!
I guess you "forgot" Obama already tried bipartisanship with doofus GOP in #congress? How'd that work out?
Time to take a stand. Universal Health Care
Tell them to fix it, not nix it. Some GOP must realize this isn't merely a game to win or lose but people's lives which are at stake.
First what is your solution? not this stolen slogan... better deal.. you sold us ACA and We the people want it REPEAL #RepealObamacare
Thank u for working on behalf of Native Americans during your time in the Senate!
Al, you talk over their heads - I realize it's easy to do, but - you'll need to dumb it down a bit... go S L O W!!! #repubsareknobs
#SinglePayerNow #MedicareForAll #HealthCareForAll #healthcarenotwealthcare #Resist #insist #persist
Together you can do so much! It takes one outstretched hand to reach across the isle..
you didn't think that when the dems were in total control... you're a fraud & a hypocrite-
Yet Trump is too stupid to invite Senator Franken to lunch to reach across the aisle to help with health care at this lunch today. GOP owns
As in, Medicare for all. No corporate interlopers. No bodies as commodities. Yes.
Would you reconsider after Trump's evil talk: I'm not going to own it...Trump forgets he is President of entire USA not only RED
Talk to the guy from my state will you --Lankford-- set him straight
The absolute very least we could do for truly native Americans.  It would be a good start, but should be built upon.
Now you want that?? Lol your funnier now
You sure had a different attitude about, oh, eight years ago.
Single payer.  End of story. End of confusion. End of complex.
Agree100% cutting your 2 spite your face has never worked 4any1however In the case of fake45 it would be an improvement
We should but they won't. We need to defeat them not wait for them to be nice and invite us to the table.

Such a radical notion. Keep them coming
Thank you, Mr Franken. I wish I was from Minnesota so I could vote for you!
And that means addressing actual problems like the opaque pricing/reimbursement practices and huge levels of waste from uncoordinated care
AND No repeal! As POTUS OBAMA told us, the AHCA is NOT final! It must be tweaked in many areas! AND IN BI-PARTISAN COMMITTEES!
thank you for being the grown up when the ' 7 year spoiled kid' attitude of the GOP has resulted in chaos with insurance companies
Thanks!  I have ACA and need it. Please don't let them throw all of us off insurance coverage.
I have work coverage now, but was "naked" for a while b/c I have preexisting conditions as does my daughter. Scary as hell.
Why not make is simple and easy, KISS method. Congress should give all Americans the same health coverage that they have.
Thank you Senator!
Heads up everyone: whenever you hear "bipartisan effort" these days, the vulnerable will suffer badly - just less than if Repubs go alone.
#IHCIA
Yeah, cause you're reasonable. I want you to be my prestident
.Why does everyone love Al Franken(incl. Me!) 
Cuz he's good enuff,he's smart enuff & dog gone it,ppl love him! 
Franken 2018 4 Pres.
Repeal and replace won't happen. Just fix the broke parts of Obamacare! Unfortunately, neither side will work together before the midterms.
Al 2020 
 thank you for all your hard work
Single payer for all. 

The insurance corporations are vultures and feast on misery. Capitalism's prime directive is profit over people.
How about including our politicians?
Al for president?
@SPEAKUPJULIA that's sounds like the American way
Thanks for being the grownup in the room!
Thank you for addressing Native people.
WoW Franken. 
Talking Frankly
#SinglePayer
Oh, you mean the @GOP should act like adults?
yes, that's what the American people want
Agree
Step one is fixing the FDA so we can lower costs. Allow foreign medicine in. It will get rid of the big pharma oligopolies and price jumping

This how a Senate leader fights police and local government corruption
Dear Al, I love ya but there is no dealing with this pack of wolves.
Said the pot to the kettle.
Medicare cradle to grave.
@POTUS @mike_pence @WhiteHouse Hmmmm, President Franken sounds excellent!!!
He said he wanted the best health care for all. Just forgot the part as long as he gets the best tax if not cut everyone's health care.
Thank you. I wish @SenJohnMcCain & @JeffFlake would think of our many tribal communities in #AZ. But...
Pls lead Senator. Thanks for your work.
When can we end the partisan games & get some governing started?  I think 90% of America would be behind that. And the other 10% cd pound it
Exactly! It is the right thing to do! Thanks!
When will @POTUS @ wake up and work for All the people. Time to work across the aisle and get this right!
That makes perfect sense,  [President] Franken.  The American people would be honored & grateful if you would please consider. We need you.
Medicare for all!
Thank you, and not just on health care, but as a common place occurrence. Thank you for the work you do.

It is the right thing to do. And it's what DT should've been doing.He wants to be a winner but he doesn't mind making the country the loser.
Make a proposal and ensure that you are very clear on cost and who will pay for it all.
I thought you and your ilk solved it in 2010.  Pray tell how your Marxist in chief fucked it up.
Think this is what the founding fathers had in mind when they drafted that pesky document named The United States Constitution
Obamacare works for everyone.  Tweak it to smooth the areas if concern and add the tribal communities.
Thanks Al! Why is this too much to ask of the GOP?
If they'd let democrats buy he's so First to blame democrats trump has he read the healthcare bills my money says no words are to big

Don't hold your breath!
I love you Al but this is a pipe dream
Republicans DO NOT WANT any health care reform. They want tax cuts for the rich. They will never work on a "bipartisan" health care bill.
If you say so Al... I believe you.. There is nothing that can't be worked out...we walked on the moon for Gods Sake.. 
Thank you!
When Dems and Reps work together on health care.
Looking forward to progress helping all of us  obtain respectable health coverage! Thank you Senator Franken for your work!
A true leader!
Since when?  Afraid you might lose your seat?
Universal,one payer,equalfor all. Insurance,vet.cov.,work comp with award per injury,medicaid,medicare,not profit combined should cover
With $$ with ability to pay.
Federal mandated and funded coverage administered by each state.
Thank you senator. I agree
Thank you. And, why is it that the legislature has better healthcare than the rest of us?
Sounds like your banging Elizabeth Warren!
How come you only want to work in a bipartisan way when you've been reduced to insignificance?
Yes please!!
I love you Al Franken. The voice of sanity and reason in this clusterfuck administration!
Al for president!
Rump said he wanted better quality and cheaper cost for all, so lets get to work on that. Should be no problem at all, according to Rump.
The 1st politician that I've heard mention that Native Americans require health care. 
It is very important, so many w/diabetes need med tx.
However, you know more about that than I do. Thank you for your service to our nation, Sen. Franken.
I agree, Al. (excuse me for the familiarity. I've "known" you for decades) I'm thinking the "Freedom" caucus will block anything substantial
I volunteer to be on the committee to draft ocare tweaks as the citizen rep.
Obviously they don't want Dems maybe citizen direct participation will do the trick!
The dems need to take control again.  Even if minority GOP can't ignore a good idea if the public likes it.
Sad because this shouldn't be Party! They ALL must move past Party and focus on US 
I think it's time to start looking into Universal Care or even Single Payer Care! Enough of this BS of choosing HC payment over a cellphone!
I think it's time to stop looking at half measures and move to where we should have need a decade ago. It needs to be pushed to pass
What a great task, and what a great time for our leaders to show the country that they can work together. SO needed.
Franken 2020
"The right thing to do."  Wisdom in five words.
I Believe you are correct, Mr Franken! How can we make that happen...I want what the Congress has, too
If only all of the politicians were @SenFranken
That just makes too much sense for some.
Healthcare for all people not just the rich.
I'm glad U & other Dems have been speaking out about working w/ @SenateGOP & a couple of the GOP said the same.Please do it. It's Important!
Go Al 
YES!
SINGLE PAYER FOR ALL.!
Thanks for addressing the dilemma I and other natives face daily. But until we're seen as equals, as humans, GOP will never care.
Al-  I agree with you; however, as they say in French, "Ne holdez pas your breath."
omg, I hope hope hope this happens.
Amen to that!
Careful , they'll get Dems involved, do a little something to make it better for the people then they'll force it through before finished!
Common sense  finally comes about... but I doubt it will stop the infighting.
That makes much too much sense . You must be dreaming .
@realDonaldTrump @SenateMajLdr a man with serious disagreements but one willing to work for the common good. Its the right thing to do.
Would love a debate of and Franken! FRANKEN! A real gentleman-compassionate, thoughtful and brilliant! is the opposite of all of that!
Federal Government is Responsible to "Promote the General Welfare."
Only way for any plan to last is to have bipartisan support. However, it would be beneficial to release a plan with 100% Dem support NOW.
Demand Universal health care now
Bravo.
Do you?
OPEN DISCUSSION YES! BIPARTISAN YES ( w/COMPROMISE NOT CAPITULATION)  TRIBALISM?  (Oooo- WH a bit CANNIBALISTIC right now-BE WARNED)
And I think you sould be our next President !
A revolutionary thought,,,,,, evidently!
The defense industry is effectively a single payer system and it has not resulted in less innovation or a gov't takeover of "providers"
Bipartisan with Trump & Ryan, I won't count my chickens.
But honestly both sides lack good ideas to move fwd, e.g. No one is looking at using the scale to get grt discount.
Sounds almost heretical in this environment,  but I think you're right.
I believe whatever healthcare is passed is the same heLthcare for congress. I'm thinking it will be amazing. For everyone.
Medicare for all. Insurance companies can still sell Cadillac policies and their employees can be retrained to help administer new program.
It's the only way it will work ...if you work together.
R's will never work together on anything that doesn't benefit their crony billionaires
Healthcare for all
The ONLY way to go! All other options cannot deliver a product good for all people.
I think you should take charge of it.
fat chance on that bipartisan thing, Al, at least in the current Congress ... maybe 2018 can bring in some fresh more tolerant members
Medicare for all
