Earlier this morning, nearly 300 constituents joined me to share some food, drink some coffee, & talk about what’s happening in the Senate.
Thanks to all who joined me for breakfast. You’re the reason why I’m in the Senate—I’m working for people like you. https://www.facebook.com/senatoralfranken/posts/1311910348894844 …
Damn, I wish he was my Senator!! #IStandWithPP
Right? Sadly not mine either, however our people in Rhode Island have a way w/ staying off all the "naughty lists"
Makes me wish I was from Minnesota. Keep up the good work! We can't vote for you in VA but still appreciate the job you do.
Dear Senator Al, open it up to all of your supporters that dont live in Minnesota. We care and would love to attend!!
how do I find out when the Senate is in session?!  I'm coming to DC in June and want to see you! (and I'm Minnesotan)
That's a great idea, Al!
My God stop being the best.  I'd move to Minnesota to eat a meal with you.
@bherylann Now I wish I lived in Minnesota 
I think I'd pass out if a MS Senator was that generous.
Hey, @SenatorIsakson and @sendavidperdue this is how you represent people.  Not by ignoring them and only attending fundraisers
Trust me Sen. Franken ignores many constituents. Ask the miners in northern MN.
I'm not from Minnesota but as a Michigander and a proud Midwesterner, I have donated to your campaign.  I'm an honorary MN. Love you
you're a cool guy Al.  I wish I was from Min. Just to hang w you
Yes. Breakfast with Al!!!
You are so nice!
Man, I'm not from Minnesota but I wanna have breakfast with you!
you are sooooo cool!
I lived in DC for 3 years, wish I had known about this
"So...you're from Minnesota?" "Umm...yea...Minnesota" "That's the ticket!"
what about an Illinoisan who wants u 2 run 4 President n 2020?Eggs Benedict with a side of campaign  strategy.#Franken-sense2020
Makes me wish I were from Minnesota.
I want to move to Minnesota so I can come too! Nice of a representative to be available to constituents
Al Franken for President
You make me wish I was a Minnesotan
I wish I was from Minnesota. Can a person living in Georgia come by for coffee? We need some democratic love.
. I wonder if our guy @SenSchumer would have the good bagels if we visited?  Can you put in a good word for us, Al?
@LongfellowJean I want to move to Minnesota just for that
Run for President, Senator Franken.
breakfast with the president 
and this is why we love you representing us!! 
Please, please can I trade you for Cruz or Cornyn?
I'm not from Minnesota, but what is the Senate doing for Autism research? April is Autism awareness month
what if we're not from Minnesota but a big fan of yours?
This makes me want to move to Minnesota.
So, why not #Invite The Teacher to meet.. Just MIGHT be able to help... Actually, KNOW i can... Just need a #OpneMindedEar LEARN
Can CT people come too?? 
Now I wish I were a Minnesotan. Come visit Bernie and Patrick sometime ~
they are so lucky to have you!
cuz you're awesome!
That's so amazing and gracious. Wish you were my Senator... Oh wait, I'm from Georgia, southern hospitality w/o real progress.
Will there be pancakes? Cause if there is pancakes I might be tempted to move to MN.
Lucky them!
Thank you! Your example should be followed by all. @tedcruz @JohnCornyn act like we don't employ them.
I might have to move to Minnesota so I can enjoy an enlightening breakfast
How soon before YOU are POTUS? How's this Thursday looking for you? Please.
Something tells me you're not sneaking out the back entrance and they're not chanting "do your job!" or "vote him out!" at you.
thanks!  I am so proud to be from MN and so happy to have you representing us, esp in these times.
I'm from WA, can I crash b'fast anyway? :)
Would you take a tired, beaten up Georgian who needs hope?
@nvelasco28 can a Floridian come?
I wanna come. But I'm not from minn.  (or plan on coming to DC soon)
Doi I need to *prove* I'm from Minnesota?  Thanks for all your good work, decisiveness, temerity, and inspiration.
Would you consider a Californian who used to love the Bud Grant-era Vikings?
you're awesome
wish other Senators did this!!
does Nunes also do that?
you are the MAN, Mr. Franken. 
LOVE!!
A stellar role model for GOP legislators if they'd bother to pay attention
Now this is how SENATORS/ MAYORS,CONGRESSMAN&PRESIDENT are supposed to act!!I dont care what party your in. #FRANKENROCKS 
getting a drink w/ Al is now top on my list of dope things to do
@NARAL @naral #pinkout @UltraViolet @Jezebel @womensmarch #StopGorsuch #FilibusterGorsuch #NoGorsuch no to right wing extremists
@LcrmFirm Now THIS is what we should expect from our elected officials.  Good job @SenFranken - show them all how it's done!
Al has always been a very dedicated Senator.
I am truly impressed. He gets it.
I admire your integrity and authenticity.
Dammit. Wish you were MY senator.  
@robportman is against his own constituents.
#EPA #CleanPowerPlan 
#Trumprussia 
#resist
Wow. Weekly breakfast town halls. I'm envious.
You've always made yourself available for radio interviews on a moment's notice; very few of your colleagues do. Many thanks.
keep doing good!
I will wish I were from Minnesota the next time I visit DC on a Wednesday when Senate is in session!
Wow. You mean you're not AFRAID of your constituents? You must be doing something weird, like working on their behalf...
That's so cool. Wish my reps did that.
If we aren’t from MN, but just think you are amazing and cool, can we still stop by if we are in DC?
You are the best!
What's on the menu? Crow?
Thank you for caring about the people.
