Franken in 2020!!!
At least we would have a guy who is funny on purpose
I think Trump is well beyond the point of being funny!
Funny if you can keep your terror at bay
Being in the Mental Health field, any suggestions on  accomplishing that?  LOL
Lots of Xanax or hiding under the covers might help
hmmmm there's a thought!
@naughtywriter2 
For EVERY life saving drug? For all who need them?
Every other country in the world does. But we can't deprive our legislators of big pharma & insurance pay offs. Scam.
Friend's mother just died in Philippines ...  dialysis bankrupted her.
It happens here every day of the week. The richest country in the world. It's not right any place.
It's morally wrong for any human to be denied healthcare. There's no argument that could condone that kind of treatment ever Politics or not
If it's morally wrong, then why don't YOU pay for it?
There's no such thing as ENOUGH healthcare.
I DO PAY FOR IT EINSTEIN!!! Even then, I still have to pay for a % of the cost. That's how insurance works.
Oh. now we come to the name calling.
But I meant for those others. You said it was immoral.
It's always Democrats fighting for the moral thing to do. Republicans always favor corporations, wealthy. #Trumpcuts will prove it.
Indeed. So strange the Republicans always thump their Bibles, yet desire immoral policies. Weird.
It's something we NEED to fix and politicians, including democrats like @CoryBooker, who are in the pockets of big pharma need to go!
Cory Booker is co-sponsoring the legislation.
He took 365k from pharma last year & voted against bill that would've allowed us to import cheaper meds from Canada https://theintercept.com/2017/01/12/cory-booker-joins-senate-republicans-to-kill-measure-to-import-cheaper-medicine-from-canada/ …
Now Booker defends Kushner treason for money.
Voted against lowering drug costs after taking $$ from big pharma now he's Kushner's BFF, reprehensible  He doesn't deserve office he holds
Yes, many questionable things. But why are you group responding to a convo from 2 months ago, in which I didn't disagree with you? Not cool.
you just happened to be in a re-post to other people.  Relax
I am aware of that and perfectly relaxed, thank you. Simply pointing out Twitter etiquette. Not enjoying the retweets in my notifications.
Thank you, sir. :)
I am Diabetic and can't afford to buy the insulin I need. Monthly, I have to choose between paying the utilities, buying groceries or my med
Thanks! I will check with my PCP tomorrow to see if that will work. I appreciate this very much 
The Dems Organized are more powerful than the dysfunctional GOP. Are we orginized?
@eaglesfanjoe_sr
Sorry, isn't he a comedian?
Al Franken 2020.
I was just going to post that!!!
Of course, you were! You're a smart woman who knows a smart man who cares about his country when you see it. xo
Pharma/Medical Ins lobby have lots money/power.  Fix corrupt campaign laws to end political bribery so big money cant drive election results
End PACS/501c/527/CitizensUnited and make elections all publicly finance so wealthy/foreigners cant use massive wealth to influence outcomes
Fix with the curative Impeachment ointment - rub into Trump's forehead, slam with spatula, drag unconscious from office.
What is the bill, where does it stand, and how can we help support it?
I would support you should you decide to run in 2020. Do you have any interest?
It's morally wrong to make me pay for someone else's Med. It's okay for me to pay trillions for defense though #brokenmoralcompass
Thank you for taking you job seriously not just a way to line you pockets
@holesinthefoam You tell that to #PaulRyan. There’s only a slight chance he’ll understand, but still…
After signing the Iran deal, u have no place discussing morals. U have proved u have none to stand on.
How? You say pretty things and NEVER back them up. DO SOMETHING!!!
Take what's good in Obamacare, improve what's bad in Obamacare, and add things that will make ACA the best for our American citizens.
Health care was just fine, till the mentally ill DNC wanted to fix something that wasn't broke. DNC enemy of the people.
Thank You!!!
Morally wrong that pharma co's writing legislation banning generics solidifying hold on extortionist pricing on life saving meds denied poor
The greed of Big Pharma is out of control.
He was a lousy comic and he is a loysy senator
thank you for standing up to big pharma on behalf of the american people.
That's just being humane! Thank you!
@HaikuVikingGal Did YOU stand with BERNIE?? NOOOO!! YOU ARE MORALLY DEPLETED!! CAST A STONE AT YOURSELF FIRST!!
Yes & whatever happened to Sessions testifying to your committee about perjury? We didn't forget that didn't happen. @maudglib
Xoxo
Al Franken 2020!!
"That's just stinkin' thinkin!"
This is morally wrong, but murdering innocent babies isn't? Libs and progressives wouldn't know moral if smacked them in the face.
We need more like Sen. Franken!
The drug industry is spending millions to see that you don't! And the GOP is only too happy to take those millions and obstruct.
It's morally wrong for the government to steal the products of labor for redistribution. That's slavery. We outlawed that.
Who will fix it? Unfortunately in the US corporations govern the people. People in the US don't matter. Money is our God.
Please help w/this! 2 of my RX's cost nearly $1000 monthly w/employer based insurance. I can't keep this up, I'm part of the 1%!
yes it is called #cannabismedicinal
Yea. I get a choice. Stay on disability n barely live or try 2 work n die. Since I made a mistake 12 years ago, can't work. Choices Choices.
I's much rather pay for someone to get the drugs they need, than to protect a billionaire's wife living in a golden tower.
How long you been in the Senate? Haven't noticed this or fixed it b4?
man can't do it alone.
High horses all politicians sit upon. Talk and never do
Sen Franken knows the way morally, politically & academically. Most importantly, wherever he stands, he votes correctly. WITH LOVE  .
Thank you Sen. Franken! It's good to see leaders that care and actually observe their obligations!
thank you for your service and trying to improve drug prices so they can afford their medicine #prescriptiondrugreform
Thank you, keep up the good fight.
#weneedtofixit I have a life threatening allergy and even with insurance my epipens are still $600.
Find a Canadian relative/friend and have them mail you some. I got 2 epipens from Costco for less than $200 CDN (<$150 USD). Good luck!
You & Bernie and hopefully the rest of the dems can do such good for the lives of Americans. Fight for us!
F__k'n A it is!
YES, these are American companies taking advantage of Americans..
The greed of the Republican party will never get rid of one of their cash cows. Unless they can find a way to profit some other way.
@Janeway12004 STOP ICE RAIDS ARRESTS DEPORTATIONS ARRESTING AMERICAN CITIZENS TOO. HOW MUCH DID ILLEGITIMATE PAY U TOO?
Didn't trump meet with the Pharmaceutical Companies? I guess no delay be he waiting to blame in on Hillary or Pres. Obama
People need to ditch the false narrative that they are paying for R&D. Pharma pricing model is designed for Max profit. Truth!
Glad ur in Congress w/o u guys we'd b in deeper trouble
Nobody cared 9 years ago when ATCH was raised from $900 per vial to $24000.  But then who cares if babies have life threatening seizures?
I love Al. 2020??
If only all our legislators worked as hard for their constituents
Especially if GOP goal is removing essential health benefits from insurance. Americans will be flocking to Canadian online
pharmacies so they're not price gouged. I'm already researching this because mental health benefits were proposed to be removed
from AHCA and my 26yo autistic son takes meds. Cut middlemen CVS, ExpressScriprs, etc out. Save huge amounts of $$
Thank you @SenFranken! 
Thank u Mr. Franken for taking action to actually help people & make lives better. Stark contrast to trump & Co hell bent on killing us all!
Al, you've got class, empathy, & articulation! Your neck and neck with Elizabeth Warren! Not too bad!
Could not agree more. Basic health maintenance, disease prevention and whole health treatments are rights & affordable if universal cov reqd
Thank you, Al.
ThankYou for your hard work
We must correct this!
Thanks, Senator Al! 
Future of our party?
hum you would think , but in this admin better check their stocks ,shady bunch !
@jodii1953 It's an ABSOLUTE DISGRACE the GOP feel totally fine spending millions to billions on BENGHAZI, TRIPS to MARA LAGO,MOB
Then stop fighting every attempt at bettering the system
If only all senators were in the senate to improve people's lives.
Every time it comes up, you guys jst shuffle it away. So many truly important thngs do.
Keep up the good fight.
Canada with 1/10 the bargaining power with 35 mil. peeps who  have the very same drugs & half the price to their insurers.
Especially since the drugs are cynically overpriced to steal the assets of sick people before giving them a discount when they're broke.
you are so awesome !
How and why is it that we as Americans, the most powerful country in the world cares so little about people of little resources. It is sad.
It can be fixed but the States should administer it. The Fed would mess up the Lords Prayer!
gee, they didn't mess up getting us immunized against polio and smallpox. They didn't mess up the lunar landing
I wish U all the luck N the world;Public needs it,but fear there R 2 many N congress N the pay of big pharma 2 pass it;Get $ out of politics
@TaritaC so NOW it's a problem???why didn't u fix it when obama was in office and dems had house and senate?
I think @VP @mike_pence "access" 2 Insurance that may cover his Viagra should be reviewed, his ED is God's Will,We the ppl agree
We could fix it, but people don't like voting, particularly in off-year elections, so I guess those people have to keep dying.
Stand UP Democrats. Proof showing election stolen. Voter data stolen. UNITE! FIGHT! March on White House. #resist
@SenFranken How is it that a high school student from Royal Oak MI understands the problem, yet Washington does not? https://www.viddler.com/v/ce8a6315?secret=106458812 …
@Ann279 my brother has cancer. His 1med is 13,000 a month. His co-pay is 3,400 a month
ppl are unaware of hike in prices of common medications, including "generics"; Pharma emboldened in T World; who will put a stop to this?
Its also morally wrong to snuff out our progeny in the womb for convenience
Senator Franken you are great.
Agreed. Or that ins cos won't approve them. I was lucky. got 1 cancer drug due 2 my Cadillac plan.Other girl didn't.her insco wouldn't pay.
we have many reasons to be grateful for Franken, not the least of which his perceptive, on point questioning of Gorsuch.
Cannabis & CBD should be a script we can all have if we need not just limited states .
Federal government deschedule it so it's a plant
And Medicare just disses our Americans with Dementia/Alzheimer won't pay for their care
Yes u r. Ore than on this one, time to both sides on things like this. Bring ur plan forward and support the ins. Scandal make a trade
your a stand up guy thank you for all you do ! #Franken for POTUS
Tell that to Greedy Trump & GOP seems they have no problem with it. Only the Rich 1% deserve their entitlement & Exclusionism.
Amen
Trump said he'd fix this, so we should be all set, right?
My wife and I live every day in pain that could be controlled if we had proper medical on a regular basis.
they don't want to fix anything .
@DemResistance Thank you for representing the people Senator Franken.  We see you. We appreciate you fighting for us every day.
https://youtu.be/KfCSEhcUrmg 
A true progressive.  Thank you for your service and for the good fight Al.
@CoryBooker take note, despite your big $ donors
You rock, Senators!
Franken &  @RepAdamSchiff or @tedlieu. LOVE their speaking out.
Why pharmaceuticals are cheaper in other countries
It's criminal,what is going on. Ins co n pharmaceuticals are getting away with murder
Miss you as a comedian, but love you as a congressman!
I feelAWFULevery month when I literally SCRAPEup$415.00OOP 4myCelebrex, knowing there areMANYothers who haveMOREpain&LESSmoney. It'sWRONG!
But @SecPriceMD doesn't think we're good enough for affordable meds.
=> The truth has never been more plain or better spoken.  Thank you, Senator.
Sir Pl study alternative cures for cancer n diabetes are outlawed by FDA
I have what they tell me is good insurance. Trouble is premiums, co-pays & deductibles mean I still can't afford to see a doctor.
Thread. My family GP says I urgently need to see 3 specialists. I had to tell him I just can't afford it on a fixed retirement income
Thread. If I do go & can't afford the unpaid balances, they destroy your credit. So I don't go. This is reality for too many Americans.
It's morally wrong that rich people have to give money to poor people who need help. Oh wait that is the definition of being morally right.
Its only immoral if Congressman reserve their own benefits while asking Seniors to pay half their income before they are covered
Love you Al...keep fighting the good fight for us/U.S.
I live in NZ. Healthcare is free and scripts cost minimal. It's foreign to me that only the wealthy are allowed medical care.
You're right, Al, we SO can fix this. Instead we piss away money
@305Pirate it is also wrong that viagra is tax free but pass and tampons are taxed coupled with the fact women make less money.
@MalcolmNance TRYING TO make a difference for the PEOPLE NOT for his bank acct !!
Healthcare is a moral issue.
Unaffordable lifesaving drugs are especially immoral as the prices are set by companies making record profits, paying CEOs obscene salaries.
Thank you Sen. Franken for your attention to this so important epidemic!
@KatrinaNation if you people had respected Sen Sanders we would not be struggling #Singlepayer #Superdelegates sitting on hands
TELL HIM AL. WE LOVE YOU.
Al Frankin has always been one of my SNLactor. Now he's one of my favorite Senators. He truly cares about American's. Thanks Al
Thank you very much for your work on this problem. It will often mean the difference of whether we eat or buy prescriptions. Thank you.
a much better action than voting against lower cost generic drugs from "dangerous" Canada...
This entire administration is morally wrong.
Making us Minnesotans proud! 
I like how a doctor prescribes a medication, and your insurance can deny paying it. That is just wrong!
Thank you for tackling this. My thyroid medicine costs me as much as groceries for my family for a week. Also, generics are not always good.
Yup n than prescriptions company's change them when they want or cut u off completely.
Yes. It's not good.
Fix it then @SenSanders
If only everybody had your health insurance.  This would be a moot point, but unfortunately it is not the case.
sure:  change status of HC Insurance premiums paid by public employers to taxable income to fund Medicaid expansion/pharma support.
I can't believe the transition from The Comedian to The Politician. We need more of you in Congress. Totally agree.
I agree with you Al but most of your colleagues are bought and paid for by Big Pharma.
How about when the ins. co. won't pay for them because they're not on their "formulary."
Thank you for being a Senator America can be proud of ... Working FOR the people. 
maybe if they just work harder and pull themselves up by their bootstraps they wouldn't have this problem.
Thankfully we have Senators like you to stand up #resist
Single payer is the answer.
This could be the start of a new AL Franken decade.
Somehow people in Canada, UK, Spain, France, Italy, Germany, Japan, Cuba, Israel, Norway, Netherlands, Sweden, Denmark, Australia...get them
Thank you.
@JoeyWesthead love you Sen. Al!
Were it not for my insurance coverage AND copay assistance from the mfg, I would likely die. My one med costs $1800 a month, copay of $600.
@MalcolmNance We need you as POTUS!! 2020?? Please!!
Yes, please run.
Plz fix this problem save everybody who  will get sick thanks to decrease ins coverage, EPA, climate chg, etc
Keep fighting for us
@MalcolmNance Not with this administration and that creepy Price and their extreme draconian agenda.
I don't agree much with some of your other policies or views but you are SPOT ON with this. A serious situation that needs to be addressed.
Please get Canada's healthcare specs & get started!
Al, please support HR 676. We need your help. https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/house-bill/676 …
For 7 years GOP has worked to kill ACA, instead of fixing problems. They are the party of no, won't help now. Shameless
Honestly you are not going to fix nothing !!! Where is the cure for cancer or maybe aids ??? You know where ?? On the pharmaceutical pockets
Tom Price burning the midnight oil trying 2 find a way 2 stop making drugs affordable. His drug stock portfolio would take, a negative hit.
yep. They can be fixed right now, trump just needs to stop going golfing.
I was once prescribed an inhaler to ease symptoms from chronic bronchitis that cost $75. $75! It's outrageous.
then make it yourself.
You are absolutely right!
@MalcolmNance Insurance and Pharm lobbies too strong . Their profits are unconscionable . People die for the greed of the few
So fix it!  I love u career politicians spouting year after year about fixing things, all while getting your palms greased ..
@MalcolmNance WHAT  does Bannon mean byDeep State? Is such a Putinesque phrase/FEELS like he wants 2subvert ourDemocracy>Hostile
Al, one way would be to ban advertising medications. That alone would save millions of $s passed on to consumers. Worth a try.
@MalcolmNance Our Divide isnt just R&L/ Conservative&Liberal/Rep&Dem/is about Truth&lies, People orProfit& Winning by ANYmeans
Senator.. tsk tsk, these same people under the GOP are guaranteed access to these life saving drugs, if they can't afford them, tough shit.
I sure hope you don't get old, live on social security and try to buy meds to save your life.  Yes, we still have a life worth living.
I was being sarcastic big time, I'm on your side...
All Franken 2017! Since were gona #ImpeachTrump snd most of the GOP we need a new election!
Morally wrong The USA in the 21st century does not provide HC for its citizens. Crime of the century. Mind boggling
Thank you for standing up for us all, Senator Franken!
It's disgusting and they should be the ones to tell them. Look in their eyes and tell them sorry!
@SenFranken a person of rectitude.
@realDonaldTrump Agreed! My husband's prescription yesterday cost $1750 for 30 pills. How do people survive? #TheResistance
When @POTUS is In bed w big pharma and corporate profits we lose. In this case 45 loses bigly.
FRANKEN FOR PRESIDENT!!!!
Let me know when you stop taking money from "health care" lobbyists. http://www.opensecrets.org/politicians/industries.php?cycle=2016&cid=N00029016&type=I …
Thank you, senator.
Is there going to be a hearing on Sessions lying under oath ab speaking to Russians three times? He broke the law; no longer fit serve.
Never was
Thank you! 
Thank you, Senator!
Tell this to any reasonable Republican in Congress and we may have a shot.  Please.
Fix things in America by contacting @SenSanders. His plan is legit. Stop talking and take action. America needs this!
You know...I really didn't like Sen Franken that much until I started to really listen to him.  He's good.  A solid guy.
Go get'em Al!
Thank you @SenFranken we are watching and appreciate your support. They need to stand up and do the right thing. Time to FIX!
