thank you!
Lot of good that did, fool! Hahaha
Thank you for that vote
Thank you for doing what's right. You are a hero to me!
Thank you!
Thank you! You're doing great. Hold forth, @SenateDems.
.@SenFranken Next time you see @lisamurkowski, can you ask her why she voted for Devos and against AK's children? Thanks, an AK resident
thank you
Common core and DRUGS good for Minnesota children.....EXCEPT YOURS! RIGHT AL?
YOU voted against ALL PRESIDENTS TRUMPS APPOINTEES. I EXPECT NOTHING POSITIVE FROM SLIME LIKE YOU!
Thank you Senator.
Thank you very much
Thank you for being a strong voice of reason for the @DNC party!

thank you Senator.
I hope the minorities see through your thin-skinned approach where u put your re-election ahead of school choice. Shameful.
Thank YOU for your through questioning. Hard to find evidence of Integrity these days.
What do you think about PrezTrump selecting Jerry Falwell Jr :-( :-( :-(
thanks Al. I'm reaching that @amyklobuchar voted yes for Devos like a coward. Thanks for representing MN Al!
thank you!
@HappyFeminist Thank you from one of your constituents!
Withhold Consent. Filibuster.
....bad bad bad and 124 Minnesotans agree.....trees are filled with underwear and the toilets ...Dean Wormer
HOW THE HELL (I WATCHED) DID U LET THEM RAILROAD YOU WITH THAT BOGUS PROXY VOTE? WTH IS GOING ON???
Thank you, Al!
@WindyCityTimes1 this guy should be back on the comedy show,  He is no senator,  What a joke
Ds need to take a page from the R playbook.  Even if you are going to lose, obstruct obstruct obstruct.
@EducationMN thank you, keep fighting for us.
Betsy Devoss seems like a ditz. She doesn't know anything about public schooling.
, thank you!
Thank-you!

Nobody gives a sh*t what you have to say!
Called all on  Senate education committee-most voice mailboxes were full,or lines busy, I assume with"against "calls.Didn't help
BRAVO! U continue 2 b brilliant! NO 4 EducSec! NO 4SecOfState! NO4AG! Gorsuch=NO! Mnuchin=NO! THANK U
You send your kids to an elite private school and leave our kids screwed.
Thank You!!
I was embarrassed @ ignorance during hearing - just watching her on TV. I'm a retired teacher.
thanks for the #noDevos  vote.  Wish @SenAlexander  listened to his constituents in TN like you listened to yours!
thank you for standing up for all American students & families. #theresistance #noDevos
@damonbethea1,What person who has good intentions Plagiarist.A literally dumb move.What will students all over the World say
Thank you for your "no" vote.
So wish we had someone like you here in Texas! Thank you for your service to the children of this country!!!!
you've been wonderful in opposition!
thank you A! Proud of you at hearings..! We must keep the heat on!!

thank you for fighting the good fight. #Righteous #ForThePeople
Thank you Senator Franken for your leadership
she's bad for America.
Thank you for your strong voice and moral conviction in the Senate! Thanks for being w/ISAIAH on Saturday too!
-I agree. Can you help convince @sendavidperdue and @SenatorIsakson? My senators don't get it. She is not qualified at all!!
thank you!
Correction: You are bad for Minnesota.
right on Senator.
Thank you!
thank you
I watched the committee vote today! Thank you for standing up for my Iron Range children! Keep up the good fight! #solidarity
thank you!
love you out here in suburban philly! Please run in 2020 #franken2020
Thank you! She's gonna destroy something she barely understands solely because she's rich, completely unfair.
thank you
thank you for this.  I'd sooner let a monkey perform surgery on me than voluntarily put her in charge of country's education.
Thank you Senator Franken- followed your career since SNL- so very proud- wish you were my Senator here in Nevada!
:  "It doesn't take being an educator to realize that she doesn't have what it takes to do this job."   HEAR, hear!
Thank you Senator for all your hard work on behalf of the people.
THANK YOU!
thank you for your thoughtful explanation as to why she is unfit for the job. I hope you can convince a few R's to vote no.
hey, the system is broken and failing,  yet you want more $$ and more of the same?? You are unfit. The majority agree, change.
thank you, Senator!
i lost any and all hope today
says the clown who stole a Senate seat.
As a teacher, thank you so much!
Thank you Senator!
sadly she still gets voted in. What a great system!
@vererr Senator is there any hope that she won't get past the full senate?
Please fight for IDEA!
@TheDemocrats @SenBobCasey @SenToomey fight fiercely Mr Franken
Al, love ya man! Not one of your constituents but still a big fan. Thanks for all you are doing to fight against the bullshit!
Former Miss Teen South Carolina would be a more qualified pick —
thank you
Thanks for your decency (as always).
thank you for voting in support public education, my children and our public school teachers.
I am grateful joyful you said what our lame duck senators in SC would not say or do. Thanks again. 
thank you!
Thank You for doing the right thing!
Oh, man, I was so hoping you'd post this!
Thank you. Her 12-11 vote gives her a solid F. Please don't let her ruin school for my child.

This is a GOP tax on free speech   
#ResistTrumpTuesdays
