I am Al Franken donor Have your staff tweet address & I will mail copy of my book which formally shows why govt essential in modern economy.
I believe you are misinformed. Try not thinking the party line.
Let Obamacare die a natural death. It is not sustainable. You own it. The GOP doesn't have to do anything.
#Overturn2PopularVote Fr&SqAns Nullify NewAdmin&EC R Unethical UnPatriotic Unfair&Unacceptable HRC1&UNOIT Validate Nr3MillMor
As cruel as the ACA?  My insurance is up deductible up taxes up and I'm lower middle class you politician.
Then you can expect it to rise again.  This is Not better unless you make $250k or more.  The more people out of pool, the higher it will go
Funny before the ACA when Liberals said millions were out of the pool I paid less.
Funny how it goes up every year, with or without regardless.Only ones doing well are the insurers.Paying more for less coverage is criminal.
About every two years I shopped for new insurance and usually lowered my cost with better coverage after the rates on my old would go up.
I've always had it through the job. Limited selection.  AHCA wants DNA to screen for pre-existing.http://www.cnbc.com/2017/03/10/employers-could-demand-genetic-testing-under-congressional-bill.html …
If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor. Where my $2,500 savings, too, Senator?
Kind of like some of you old #SNL routines!
Funny guy!
Double digit % increase in 32 states and 145% increase in Arizona.  That sounds pretty devastating to me...what is your solution?
"This country has socialism for the rich, rugged individualism for the poor." - MLK  #CBO #CBOSCORE #Resist
Yes we know Sir. Everything republicans do is cruel and irresponsible.
REPUBLICAN HEALTHCARE IS ITSELF MORIBUND 
Dumpstercare is a fiendish plan to cull the poor.
Why was it voted on BEFORE the impartial analysis?
Kickbacks from insurance companies to the GOP
Obamacare state Increase since 2013 AL 223% AK 203% OK 201% AZ 190%
TN 176% NC 176% - Aetna United Healthcare Blue Cross leaving states!
Democrat legacy: 1865-start the Civil War to keep slavery;  1955-Opposed Civil Rights Movement;  2017-Suppress freedom of Speech.
What would you do with ACA failing and premiums 2x and 3x. Where is my 2500 yr? Not single payer either. It is Healh Ins plan not healthcARE
Yes and this makes it even more odd that won't you co-sponsor @SenSanders #MedicareForAll bill. #fakeprogressive
GOP IS RECEIVING KICK BACKS FOR REPEALING. #GOPISHEATHENOUS
You're literally too stupid to insult! #Termlimits needed to get rid of the career politicians
Fight back!!!!
Donald wants the poor to ALL JUST DIE!!!  (and he will pay for the burials)  Just like Hitler did.
And the CBO has such a rich history of being accurate in their foresight. You ARE a comedian.
We the people ... begins our constitution but I do not see the people being served, supported, thought of, nor listened to by our congress.
Every health care exchange should include a public option with price based on income. Medicare for everyone.
This round of Republicans really have lost their mind. Trump and his goons make me sick they just wanted to destroy America easy to see
I am ashamed you are from MN. You are a joke.
https://twitter.com/supraTruth/status/867435051935449088 …
My medically fragile child and others like her at a higher risk for death or institutionalization because of this
'At just 8 years old, she is the strongest human being I know' — this mother wants to protect her daughter from Trumpcare 
Math! Statistics! Facts! These things don't seem to matter in 2017.
The cruelty of the republicans is astounding
And yay!! Woohoo!! We have been working for 40 years and end up dying with no insurance! Thanks to the coward republicans! Karma cowards!
And yet there will be Trump supporters that think it's a good plan. But not for them...
Oh ya and we can keep our fr and keep our plan a fact you knew about and never said a word about it. Shame on you look into the mirror
"The threat is usually more terrifying than the thing itself." Imagination and ego can dream up many more consequences....--Saul Alinsky.
Obamacare is costing me thousands! $10K deductibles, $1,300/mo. It's broken and I blame you.
Why dont you support it then? It will be on the Republicans fault, just like the budget. Dont you want to support their inevitable failure?
@SenateDems Heretofore the @GOP will be known as the "Survival of the Richest"
And they threw a party after they passed that steaming pile of shit.
Actually it will bring down premiuma..guess you missed that part stuart small!
----------------------2018--------------------------

----------------------2020-------------------------
- my gosh, the hysteria in here. No one will get 'kicked off'. You will have choice. Pre-existing conditions covered. Stop the insanity
It really feels like you only represent your voters and have completely forgotten about the rest of the people you represent!
SOOOOOO TRUE
Sure wish YOU would run for POTUS!
You can't be this fucking clueless !
We were promised Russia evidence for impeachment? What a liar, just last week you were calling for it, now nothing?
1/ At least no GOPs will suffer under new health care plan. They must all be super rich and looking for tax breaks to have voted for Trump.
2/ No middle or lower class people would've been stupid enough to vote for Trump.
It's that pesky DEATH PANEL that palin babbled about.
Trump repeatedly said during his campaign he will NOT cut Medicare & Medicaid.
Are you indignant that he is, or insisting that he isn't?
At least no GOPs will suffer under new health care plan. They must all be super rich and looking for tax breaks to have voted for Trump.
No surprises there,
the rape-public-cans are runnin' true to form.
Oh @SenFranken are you going2CRY LIKE @SenSchumer we know the TRUTH vote your criminals home #wethepeople 2018
We all know a Republican healthcare plan is exactly like their budget big tax break for the millionaires
Gotta get health car fixed
Aside from your Dem hatred, can u pls tell me why you feel we can't insure a health care, affordable  system that covers/helps all?
Maybe you hit on the real problem. Insurance companies! Unfortunately, we become the losers in their profits. Time to change that.
Al Why The Self Serving BS You KNOW That Obama Care was A Total Failure An Insurance And Fiscal flop.All You Are Doing Is Hurting YourCareer
Trump will NEVER understand or CARE what it feels like when you dont have any food! And I still have to take my #Insulin
For a lot, it sucks to be born, to be sick, and poor. Where is the compassion?!
@SenateDems Trump is CRUEL & IRRESPONSIBLE perfect, isnt it?
no need to sugar coat it Al.
So what is Dems solution to healthcare? An it's not Obamacare tweaks, hint, hint. Try giving solutions not obstructionism.
And what the hell was Obama Care?

Treason has a price Mr Franken
Let's HOPE TREASON HAS A PRICE! Trump will be paying it!
You cry about Trumps budget, liberal boot lickers should be rounded up and exported, where should we send the bust to pick you up Alison
I don't know common Trump supporter. Where should they send the "bust"? I speak english I'm American.
The only time #mentalhealth is talked abt is when something terrible happens, then it's no longer talked abt.
You being elected is cruel and irresponsible
You must be a Trump supporter, you sound dumb.
Nope, I didn't vote for The Donald.  And I probably sound dumb to you because I don't follow the party line like the good lemming you are.
I don't follow a party line. I went to University instead. You might try it.
I went to the University of Common Sense.  It's a much better education than you'll ever receive anywhere else.
Ahh you are too stupid for me,bug off bug boy
Bring it!!!  I can outsmart you anytime.  Or are your "smarts" wrapped around your insults?
Spraying for bugs now. Buh,bye!
Do you know how hard it is to find a Doctor bcz Im on Medicare/Medicaid? I lost my parents & I cant find a Therapist.
You forgot to mention we all know that the Republican Party has been compromised and is directly connected to Russia they will all resign.ok
Yes, Trump's health care will kill me. Im a Type 1 Diabetic since the age of 12. Im on Disability of no fault of me!
Yeah, it's not like the US constitution guarantees you the right to life! Oh wait...
Say it one more time, this time louder, for the #TrumpTrain #MAGA crowd in the back, Senator.
Perhaps they figure that the poor, elderly and disabled will have died by then and the numbers will all work out. #GOP hates poor/disabled.
Thank you for always being a supporter and defender of truth and justice, sir.
