thank you
republicans always care so much about the future.
KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK! very worried about our fate as a country and more so for the planet.
take that all you politicians that didn't support his ttumpcareless act!!!!
- Thank YOU!
Does anyone really believe the coal mines will reopen? Is there money to be made in coal mines??
Nope.
there is for the owners of said mine. They sell the coal we're not allowed burn to China
As a former Minnesotan, I am saddened returning at Xmas lately unable to go skating because lakes haven't fully frozen.
Not true.
Absolutely was true.
What lake ? Time of year? Lakes I ice fish on are 20 inches. March has always been iffy.
Specifically Christmas in Minnesota this year there was NOT safe ice for people. I live in lakes region, no ice houses .
I'm up North. Where is lakes region?
Hour west of Twin Cities.
Perception is reality. #45 doesn't live in our #reality.
@llstudent08 @POTUS everyday it is WTF just what Bannon intends
HELP! even the DNC has gone over to the dark side.
@euchreman1022 @POTUS get this orange disaster out of the WH. ASAP he is a disgrace to the country!
I can't believe that with a pen stroke he tore down all that Barack was able to accomplish re taking care of our planet.
Reality is a sandwich that 45 has never tasted
Corporations will profit greatly while the earth and the people suffer.
Yes they Can Al! And MAGANATION does not care!
Thankfully, even with Trump's sad order, economics will still control coal mining.  It can't compete with natural gas.
Thank you so much Senator.  You have proven yourself a strong advocate for America.
Sir, why has Sessions not been punished for purgery? When the poor/less powerful commit crimes, they are dealt justice
there is no evidence that equivocally determines that to be a fact.  There isn't even a preponderance of evidence.
Climate change, I thought it was global warming?... lol. U funny liberals.

@realJKCallaway @POTUS someone get a copy and ask POTUS if global warming isn't real why did he say it was then ??
@realJKCallaway @POTUS he should no he used global warming for the reason he built retaining walls on his golf course can't
you're not even in you state, but love your attitude & viewpoint!
so depressing about the environment
@Donnapo12 @POTUS The executive branch is not grounded in reality
Nothing the loofah faced shit gibbon does makes any fucking sense. Al will you please run for President?
Well, Senator, very little that he does is grounded in reality. Very sad.
It's laughable to hear Trump talk about things not grounded in reality. As if he would even know. HA!
Actually. It's not a fact Stuart Freaking Smally.
LOL, maybe you should actually Stop Drinking the Kool-Aid. It's a Hoax!
fascists always deny science
asked how many jobs this would create, spicer said he didn't know. Government by the seat of your pants.
Thank you for all your hard work .Keep the pressure on! #MOTUS
Science happens whether or not you believe in it. Like gravity.
One might ask what in the current POTUS mind is grounded in reality.
when your man knows how much it costs to re-open or sink a coal mine, he'll change his tune.
Since 11-8-16, I feel like we are standing on the edge of an abyss, our fate subject to the whims of a mad man.
. We need a independent investigation. No confidence in nunes.. Sessions needs to resign. Purgery Thank you
@GOP they don't care about our land, air or water. They want to destroy USA for money.
He's only interested in making his rich friends even richer. Too bad he doesn't care about his children and grandkids.
I'm so worried about the future of my children and someday grandchildren. What will the air that they breathe be like? 
It's beyond me that so many people in this country continue to "suffer the fool [@POTUS ] gladly".
Luv ya Al, keep up the fight we need you. We are building our efforts #individisble
could global warming be caused by the earths orbit around the sun? What SUVs did the dinosaurs have?
@realDonaldTrump all his goals are is to undo all the good #PresObama did for our country #impeach #resist 
Al. In case you haven't figured it out yet @POTUS isn't grounded in reality either
Very sad and manipulative of him to pretend to bring those jobs back to WV. They would take other jobs if the opportunity arose.
the EO is not grounded in science, it is grounded in profits
Someone's course of action being wrong doesn't make yours right.
Too bad there isn't an alternate potus. We live every day with lies/alt facts & deceit.  It goes on &on&on day in day out
deleting info as quickly as humanly possible.
Repression & weakness #ConMan mandate.
@InSpiteOfTrump @POTUS For potus the reality is the $$ for businesses. Somewhere he benefits also.
I'd suggest u going back to being a so called comedian but u already are.Why are u a steward of FAKENEWS Mr Frankenovich?
TY well said as usual Senator #waitingtoexhale #trumprussia #fakepreznausea
the more you politicize it the less it's addressed It's happening how do we deal with it is the issue not what caused it
Invalidate the entire election and start over. Russian interference affected the election not just trump. POTUS is a hoax
Remember Acid Rain, I guess our children will get to experience it like we did!
@KarenJo91247695 @POTUS apparently dt is not grounded in reality either.
like you this all ABSURD
So much for the Great Lakes!
Fake president isn't grounded in reality either so it stands to reason.
why is impeachment taking so long? America is in danger from Russian Puppets
"jobs have been lost to technology and efficiency, not to climate and clean air regulations" hit it spot on...
This is purely about big business, regulations and money...nothing more
the educated majority are in a nightmare dream and can't wait up . Pls let this horrible fake President go away for good
Nothing said by @POTUS is grounded in reality. What took you so long to realize that...? LOL
Breathing air, drinking water...highly overrated.  Senator, everyone knows you #MAGA thru lung cancer & dysentery!
Dangerous as crap. He's a kill crazy mad man.
IMPEACH ALREADY!!!  #resist #notmypresident
He said "clean coal"...another alternative fact!
We thank you Senator!!!
