NO WAY!!!!!
Sentient beings would rather gag on bad food then watch msnbc
See Greta, I just can't watch your show. They already have "Big Al" on your show?!
, No one cares what you think ! He will be approved
Do the country a favor and resign, you looked like a FOOL yesterday. Al MORON
never it's fake news
nobody wants to hear your opinion on anything, you are brain dead!
You performed as expected.  I am proud to be an X Minnesotian.
Go back to comedy... At least your rants made sense at the Improv.
You make me ashamed to have been  born in MN.
you are a bad joke.
An audience of @ 2000 if you're lucky.
never!!!
like how u fraudulently won on a fraudulent bag of votes found in a car trunk!
SNL?
You looked like the clown you are during your questioning.
Al, why don't you go home to your boyfriends,  & leave Congress  to smart people?
Only thing your expert on is Somolians that vote for u. Lousy Senator and comedian
Wat
TED CRUZ DESTROYED YOU!!! 
Deep thoughts dooshlord!
1000 seats lost in 8 years
#irrelevant LIBTARD
You make us proud.
were u ever invited to her FNC show?
I think I'll pass. Don't care about anything you have to say. You are all about why 65+ mil people voted for Trump.
I was going to dvr, but I forgot. Thank God! Can't stomach Stuart...lol.
one finger forward and three pointing back at you! You are the one who needs to be mindful of #ethics.
watched you questioning Sen Sessions  you were a good writer back in those SNL days.
Swamp dwellers!
@thehill @WSJ @WashTimes AL FRANKEN LOST ELECTION IN MINNESOTA WAS RIGGED INTO WIN
DEMOCRATS FOUND EXTRA VOTES NEEDED TO TURN LOSS INTO WIN
-try getting your facts right next time. What a screw up.
You're just a pathetic Marxist thug. You should consider Cuba as your home.
No way tuning in to MSNBC!
Al, didn't you vote for the Iran deal?Explain your vote.
Greta his clown is a joke and should have stayed a comedian
Thank you great job, and you shook him to his core, He started to stutter, that's when I knew he was lying.
2 chances, slim and none...slim left town a long time ago.
https://www.nbc.com/saturday-night-live/video/daily-affirmations-ii/n10026?snl=1 …

LOL The Real Al Franken. Moron
excellent questioning on breaking @CNN news re: Russia/Trump...keep on top of this...it's big news !
Appropriate questions, but @SenatorSessions answers are weak. Demand he provide unambiguous answers.
Try real hard to like ppl but u r the most unlikable simpleton I've ever seen.
Bet u got a lot of skeletons clown act. Ur not even a good comedian!
your questions cite proven liars authors of op eds & recanted testimony. #Resign
OMG.  Franken 
Why? So we can watch more of your clown act you stupid idiotic boob!! Embarrassing
Amazing... Thank you!
Thank you for speaking up.

Ask Sessions what he will do as an AG about Trump conflict of interest in case of terror attacks on his hotels.
Nice work today; keep up the good fight
thank you Senator Franken! Brilliant job. Wish there were more like you
senator Franken  you wouldn't know how to be honest if you tried.
You were the only one trying to get @SenatorSessions to explain his record really....#Sessionshearing #sessionssessions #ACLU
u the man
just did, Cruz knocked the shit out of you, all with a smile too. Loser.
Since you're from Texas, move on. No credibility
Greta called you right out! Liar! You are a political buffoon! Go back to comedy.
Asshole
You say you're not a lawyer...but we all know that's a bragging point.  :)  Stand strong Senator...vote your conscience.
TY for clarifying @SenatorSessions position on filing. Sorry @greta but @msnbc isn't Fox!
FANTASTIC JOB!!! Finally someone who hit the nail on the head aggressively.
great work, Al!
Great job sir! Can't wait to hear about New Trump scandal w/ Russia & surrogates!
Senator, thank you. Now, about the CNN BOMBSHELL???
Thank you for your outstanding questioning today oh Sessions
maybe Greta will ask you about the Pittsburgh steamer Ted Cruz gave you today.
You did us proud @SenFranken !!!
No way I will watch this. Doggone it, not everybody likes you.
Senator Franken important story on Trump @cnnbrk
