You’re welcome!
Democracy in action! I read yesterday that Senate offices are getting an average of 1.5 million calls per day!
I wish @SenToomey cared as much about his PA constituents as you do your Minnesotans. Thank you for being a senator who cares.
Senator Franken not a Minnesotan, but I support what you are doing, I have been to the Mall of America.
So gratifying to hear this, thank you. And thank you for your amazing work lately. Minnesota is proud to stand with you!
thank YOU!!!!
please, fight as hard as I fought for the country when I was in the Army- prove them wrong- a politician can care #resist
sounds like Sen. Franken needs some Twitter DMs.
Thank you!
hear Maryland too!  I hear you! #resist
Stand and Fight! Stand and Fight! #ImWithHer
BLOOD is all courtesy of Hillary Clinton,  millions killed her illegal for profit Libya war. Jews gays Christians
- Like I said yesterday, I have spoken to Minnesotans and they say you don't speak for them and your support is minimal.
the liberals own the facts now. #BowlingGreenMasacre #alternativefacts #Orwellian
..thank you..we will keep fighting..#ImpeachTrump  #RESISTANCE
@WintanaMN may we be the wind beneath your wings
I'm from Brooklyn, NY.  Can you hear me too? Thank you for your efforts and please KEEP FIGHTING.  #ResistTrump
Not from Minn. but while others have shut down phone lines and shut out constituents. It's good 2 know some still listen
he's highly receptive. Responds to emails etc. And his staffers are kick-ass too!
That is so awesome, The type of leader who should be where they are!
Thanks for all you do Mr. Franken. You've done great work.
Awesome work!
Thank you for fighting for what is right for democracy and our country.
Depends on your senator. I live in Texas. Cornyn and Cruz wouldn't put me out if I was on fire if Mitch told them not to.
@IndivisibleMN @  - Thank you Senator. We don't get the same feedback from @RepErikPaulsen. Thank you!!
No, thank YOU for all of your work!
we need more in congress like you. Your love of this country shows
Thank YOU!  Your moral center and voice are so appreciated!
@classicalbone #YouRockAlFranken!
@SenatorBurr Senator Burr you may want to consider this approach to interacting with constituents.
thank you! Keep up the good fight!
@SenateGOP This is an example of a senator that actually represents the people.
and thank you for such great work! Proud to call you my senator.
Yhank You!!
thank you for being human
@MichaelWinship Ohioans need you too. Keep going
@JonTollefsonMN  I'm from MN and moving back soon. Proud to hail from a state with such leaders! Keep it up!
I can always reach you. I can never get through to the White House and Paul Ryan. @SpeakerRyan @WhiteHouse
@bizacco Thank YOU! Now go get @amyklobuchar on the right page.
thank you for listening!!
Thank you.
And we see all of your hard work and dedication! Thank you!!
You're our Champion and we thank you!!! @MESPAprincipals #MESPAmn
you and @SenWarren & @SenSanders are my heroes!! Thank you!! 
Thank you, senator, for hearing us and fighting for the dignity and safety of all people (and our beloved environment!)
@CA_born_Rebel  tell that to yr colleague @SenToomey who isn't answering phones& thinks constituents are paid to call we aren't!
thanks for all you are doing!!
help us Obi Wan Kenobi. You and Princess Leia are our only hope!
STOP TRUMP. END BANNON.
Hear this Al.  NOT MY SENATOR!  TRUMP 2020
Minnesotans? How about the world!!! We need your help now more than ever!!! @ananavarro
think global act local
wish my NC senators would listen to us like you are for your constituents
thank you Senator Franken for looking out for all of us.
Thank YOU! Watched your hearings and you were relentless.  Give 'em hell!  Whenever you feel discouraged, picture this face:
Not just Minnesotans thank you, Senator. Keep playing hardball.
Thank you. Keep fighting for us Senator Franken. History will remember, we are on the right side.
Thank You for honoring your Oath, being human, caring. Former MN resident, my son born here!
Please - NO ACTION on Gorsuch until Russian investigation is complete. THIS matters too!!
love how you have intelligent rebuttals and insist on setting the record straight, despite efforts to silence your voice.
thanks from Maine for voting no to Devos nomination.
I hope @LindseyGrahamSC and @SenatorTimScott heard me but I doubt it.
@jeffstrabone We are so proud of you for speaking up for us, Senator Franken!  Minnesota Strong!
thankful for your voice against the horrible cabinet picks put forth by @realDonaldTrump joke of an administration
@Minndivisible Thanks YOU for demonstrating dignity and what it means to be a good human.  #proudmnfromwi
and many of us outside of MN hear & appreciate YOU - thank you #alfrankenforpresident
lies.
I wish you were my senator!
come to MN!
Stand firm and don't give the Republicans anything. They've set the rules with precedent, so use them. #Resist #filibuster
Keep doing the good work, out-of-staters support your efforts to hold govt accountable too
Thank you for saying #NoDeVos   Please keep fighting for our country! 
Al I hope you will hang tough on Gorsuch. He is an extremist.
@jeffstrabone thank you for being one of the rare politicians that listen
thank you for embracing your constituents being engaged, instead of complaining about it.
GFY
Washington State loves your voice too!
Please go for #AlFranken2020
Glad you appreciate them, because this is just the beginning! #merrickorbust #MerrickGarland
Do they matter to other politicians though? Sure seems like most of them don't give a flying fuck unless they get $$$ out of it
@kathyru1
@kathyru1
From state of Washington now. Recently moved from Pennsylvania. My wife and I have applauded you from both places.
Thank you for speaking up for Minnesotans and the rest of the American people against @realDonaldTrump You make us proud 
Thank you for your moral leadership. History will remember the people who stood up and said "No!"
Seantor Franken, greetings from the UK. Can you bring Greg @Greg_Palast to the Senate floor? He has proof that djt never won
Thank you for all you're doing! -a fan in Austin (blue spot, red state)
,@Sen Toomey Unlike Pa senator Pat Toomey. Pat Toomey doesn't listen to his people. He supports power over people & Betsy DeVos!!
You are a hell of a good leader, Al!
Thank you, thank you, thank you.
Oregonians are glad you're fighting, too, Senator. Keep it up!
Please save us. Seriously.
THANK you!!!
And thank you, Senator, for listening to and working on behalf of us Minnesotans and the nation as a whole
Thank you for your dedicated service!
Thank you for all that you've done. I'm very grateful that you're on the side on the side of common sense and decency.
hey, @SenatorBurr & @ThomTillis this is what it looks like when a senator values their constituents. #answeryourphone #NOtoDevos
thank you for your leadership.
you kick ass! Keep up the good work! 
Thank you Senator for valuing your constituents concerns and doing what is right for Minnesotans. Its appreciated!
I hope you can stop #KKKTrump before he can do this to our #America! Thank you sir!
I'm proud to have you represent me. Thanks for listening. I hope you can convince some colleagues to listen as well.
Thank you for all your hard work!
can we trade @SenToomey for you please? Unlike you, he doesn't give a shit about his PA constituents' calls, emails or visits.
All right then.  There is not always an ask.
Thank you Senator for staying aggressive against the hostile attacks on our fundamental public resources.
Please tell @timkaine & @MarkWarner that Virginians want to be heard also!!! #RepresentUS
agreed!!
Lot of us non-MN folks out here also truly appreciate your dedicated patriotism, sir.
We thank you.
Sir, this former Midwesterner/current New Yorker thanks you for the excellent work you do. Please keep 'em flying!
Rally against Wotsit Face's plans on Muslim immigrants and refugees
can you persuade your colleagues across the aisle to abstain or no show if they feel pressured to vote for Devos?
I have your number memorized, Al. Your number and 911 are the only two I know by heart. Appreciate your hard work. Keep at it!
i appreciate your opposition leadership. We need a leader in congress to unify the party again this republican reign of terror
Tell us what to do and I will #resist this regime.  From an Illinois voter.  Calling everyday
because you cant think for yourself?
So we can mobilize and be more powerful, sweetie.
Could you tell @coreygardner Gardner that WE ARE NOT PAID PROTESTORS WE ARE VOTERS. HE'S MIA ducking his constituents. Thanks.
You rock, Senator. And I'm a Pennsylvanian.
You rock, Senator. And I am a Canadian.
Thanks from Wisconsin.
Thankful you are there. Keep up the good work in this crazy administration
Please tell that to @PatToomey and @DeanHeller
loved watching you take apart Sessions and Cruz  - we needs lots of plain speaking voices
