Dropping Steve Bannon needed to be done. But if @POTUS wants to unite our nation he should set the right example in his own actions & words.
He does need to set an example and.....
I know you can't say it it Al, so I will
Mn just about went Rep in the POTUS Vote. Yet Dems still act the same. Continue with your Race and Identity Politics. You 'll never learn
You call on a hollow man to make moral corrections & be an example. You know he is incapable because he is one w/Bannon, Gorka & Miller.
Thank you, Senator Franken, for your leadership. There is so much to do! #FireGorka
Thank You, I love what you bring to the table w/regard to out of the box perspective. More creative folks are needed in leadership roles.
Bannon's removal is a Kelly mandate. Trump is being managed. #Impeach45 or #invokeThe25th. He is an incompetent enemy of our Republic.
Kelly can't dress Trump up and resell him to us w/Bannon removal & cheerier tweets. We SEE this man and he must go.
Please!
And you should have stayed on SNL
Yes, well, neither did/does Donald Trump
You're 100% correct! We knew he was a bigot when he took the position.
Please, please, please run for President!
And Gorken and T
As well as Stephen Miller, Conway, Sanders and should I keep going?
@SenFranken You had me at "Live from New York it's Saturday night!"  Thanks for your character and conviction.  We are blessed to have you!
He moved him, he didn't drop him..scary. Plus Gorka, Miller, et al still remain. SOS in different settings! SAD!
Thing is, people seem to be celebrating the optics instead of the substance. Bannon, with Mercer $$ can do more for Trump now. Planned...
Al, this dandy piece of work is flashing white power signs here and  whistling his brains out. Keep up the fight.
And you don't belong in the senate to many votes by dead people
Please run for President
No sane competent President would ever let guys like Bannon, Gorka or Miller within a mile of the WH. Slow political suicide. @robreiner
That whole administration don't belong in the White House
Yet neither did Trump, but America and Putin put him there too.
Well neither does Donald Trump. 79K votes across 3 states. Impeach NOW!
Neither does Trump...
DEMagogue. Stop the decisiveness and grow up.
Either does @SebGorka, Miller, @realDonaldTrump, @FLOTUS & the corrupt Trump family regime Get out of our @WhiteHouse
Be careful of the stones you throw Al, many people do not think you belong in the Senate.  Loosely translated John 8:7
#Bannon's boss doesn't belong there either.....
Good! Now keep pressing the Donald duck for his taxes!!
You mean sorta like Van Jones?
Thank you Sen. @SenFranken for the statement on FB. Though I still worry about Bannon's influence in or out of White House,
Neither do you
I  you Senator! There is more work to do, Gorka and Miller need to go. There is no room for supremacists in the White House, period!

He looks like he belongs in a hospital for communicable diseases, ok ?
I'm pretty sure Bannon had to leave because Dorothy threw a bucket of water on him.
 as if u belong anywhere but the local town dump!!
Well, neither does Trump. Birds of a feather ...
Jeffery Lords Tweet  “Sieg Heil!” David Duke Take our Country back,Now "Breitbart" War"I would be concerned to Open Arms Cities
Trump never "belonged" in the white house. Countless tons of CO2 never belonged in the atmosphere. Happened anyway. #makeamericasmartagain
He took lots of classified info while there. Now what?
If only that were possible; you know it isn't.
But he's got his six shooter & his "machine" & he's coming back by golly.
trump doesn't either. Millions of us agree on that point! #TheResistance
@PrincessBravato We've been saying that for months!
His appointment was a gross insult to the constitution of the United States!
He'll continue Trump's evil agenda from outside, with even less congressional oversight!
That man is evil.
Trump never belonged in the White House
We love you, Senator Franken! May I call you Al?
@PetraCC NONE of them do. Not one!
and you sir do not belong in politics. to let a madman do as much as trump has done to ruin America is unpatriotic in the least. GET REAL
Bernie belonged in the White House but thanks to super delegates such as yourself . . .
Neither does @realDonaldTrump So help Americans get him out #ResignNow #ImpeachTrump
His departure just means there is one less hateful  bigot in the WH.
And neither does Trump.
Al, you know Trump is a sociopath, that he CAN'T change, right? And that growing the political power of the Nazis is core to his strategy ?
@SenFranken , @POTUS never belonged in the WH. When will the Senate do something about him?
Bannon is still working for trump this is ruse
The Propaganda Program?
Well yeah it's all part of the overall strategy
Is this a corollary to the statement that @realDonaldTrump never belonged in the White House? 
Thank you!
Notice drumpf hasn't even managed to comment on this as of yet;
Just wondering if u have a statement on Mizz senator who hopes President of the United States is assassinated. Talk abt moral ineptitude.
Sen. Franken, Adm. McRaven's video is one you might like - watch to end! He shows Trump's failings! He is a beacon!
Moral leadership? From an amoral man? Don't. Think. So.
I just finished your latest book.  You really need to consider running for President in 2020.
Can we just put some laws in place to make sure we never elect a President like this again.
We want : seeing the taxes mandatory.  They need to be mentally evaluated for basic common sense, morality,  and maturity.
Bigots are out.
I know you can think of a lot more requirements because this is your world.  Let's get a bill going asap, this should never happen to us.
yep - and he'll be more useful to @realDonaldTrump outside the WH with breitbart acting as a propaganda machine. just watch...
run for president
I have said all along that WH staffers are not the problem. The problem is the person who was ignorant enough to appoint them to begin with.
W e see Trump doesn't know right from wrong. Has no moral compass. None
We cannot and should not let thatlower the bar for our society
Well done Senator Franken.
We all need to set the right example. 
Toward an ever more perfect society.
 says diaper man.
Beware it may be a Trumpian rope a dope mow he can spew even more evil & DT can disavow
Was a strategic move.  Now he knows the system/all the players and is going to work it from the outside.  Supporters identified/intensified.
but he's not the only one who just doesn't belong
And you've never belonged in the Senate.  So your point is mute.  Resign al. Do what's right for your country.
Neither does @realDonaldTrump Trump should fire himself.
Neither does Trump
Miller & Gorka & that whole nasty nest of Nazis need to be tossed no later that Monday. #HeatherHeyer #HeatherHeyerLove #Charlottesville
Then Impeach trump
Keep Paul Ryan under knee buckling pressure, till he allows a vote on Articles of Impeachment.
No, but neither does the orange man-child. (although I appreciate your professionalism and calm demeanor, Al)
And you don't belong in the Senate!
So true. Now all we have too do is get rid of the idiot we call the president. #franken/warren2020
Steve Bannon belongs in the Big House #LockHimUp
YOU TELL 'EM AL!
Thanks stuart
My sensitive cat ears and my  are telling me that Gorka and Miller are next.
Either does Trump.
no more trying to unite. Trump must go. why do folks think he is gonna change?
None of them belong/belonged in the White House.
Now if he'd just stop the, "take your daughter to work" bullshit...
Senator Franken  he did not belong because he wants to unravel government. Then we can live in chaos
Neither does Trump. Please do all you can to remove him. Thank you!
Still wondering, what are Miller & Gorka doing in the WH... I believe Miller writes speeches, not thrilled w/that... what about Gorka???
He may not have belonged we all   agree but even though he is out, he still has Trump in his pocket just a text or call away. Trump is his
Seriously, can one of 45's supporters please tell me what you like about his message?
I really want to understand
Much like his boss.
We all know this Al, but thanks. Ever consider taking the top job?
I didn't need to read the whole thing to agree with you! (I did though!)
That's for damn sure!!!
And you never belonged in the Senate. That was a real laughing matter.
Donald never belonged in the WH. #ImpeachTrumpNow
Thank you Sen. Franken, but Trump has proven himself incapable of leading our already great Nation. He's unfit both morally & ethically
It's much worse. Back to Breitbart. 45 million readers at Breitbart! Spread cancer from inside to the outside. Direct pipeline.
I am afraid all of this is one big distraction because team Mueller is getting more and more info especially when people flip on the  .
No shit
And now he is full of sensitive info!!
either did donald tRump
Many in the WH don't belong there.
He belonged in front of that car!
NEVER EVER NEVER belonged in the WH.
#ImpeachTrump #ImpeachDonaldTrump #ImpeachTrumpNow #ImpeachTrumpIn7Words  #GetOutOfOurWhiteHouseNow
@kathy_km we never should have let him set foot on the grounds. Everything that's happen has been predictable.
Amen to that! #FireBannon
We want a real @POTUS,a professional,dignified,class act & NOT an egotistical narcissist who maliciously attacks WHOEVER stands up to him...
But what can truly be done, Mr. Franken? We need to hear from sane senators such as yourself, where are the checks and balances?
Bannon has our secrets
You,Harris or Warren should run for @POTUS.At least we'd have A LEGIT one,who sincerely LOVES OUR COUNTRY & PEOPLE,NOT JUST SELF-INTEREST...
WADR, NOT A ONE Of The T Cartel 'Belings' In OUR WH! NOT EVEN T!
...'BELONGS!" (Need more coffee please...)
Stoking hatred, fear and anger. Sounds a lot like antifa, nazis. Democrats and even some republicans. Just can't get rid any of them. #gbt

You are very eloquent. I hope that @potus actually reads it and learns from it!
Why do you think you need a "statement?"  Makes you look foolish
We desperately need TRUMP to be removed! 4 yrs of one disaster after another will ruin America. And this ignoramus has control of the nukes!
Agreed however they all white supremacist birthers neo nazi sympathizers and none belong in our WH. WTF when does this NIGHTMARE end?
Hey Senator did you support Obama when he sent taxpayers money to One Voice. Obama wanted Benjamin Netanyahu ousted as PM. Hard on Muslims
Bannon can still whisper in Trump's ear. He doesn't need a job at the WH to do that. The only way to end his influence is to fire Trump too.
@SenFranken never belonged in the Senate. My full statement:
Nor does Trump.
Gorka and Miller need to go as well!!!
None of those gormless arseholes do.
Trump should have NEVER MADE IT TO THE WH & IT SHOULDN'T TAKE THIS LONG TO #Impeach45
When will you be ready to run?  46?
Here is @SenFranken's full statement from Facebook:
Al Franken is the most thoughtful and intelligent Senator of them all!
Nor does Donald Trump.
I fully agreed!
@KT59937059 He's not the only one.
I agree!!!! Need to give all of them the boot.
neither does @realDonaldTrump.
Neither does this idiot!!!!
Steve Bannon doesn't belong in this country!
Is this how it works? Name drop after their fired.Is this what congress will do to trump as well? Call trump out by NAME not just his words
100% correct!
Thank you. I noticed the CNN headline that said 45 was angry about Bannon defying him on NK. Not White Supremacy.  More work to do.
Who Ming them does belong? Ivanka? Jared? Miller? Stupid press secratary? Nope none of them belong.
I dontsee anyone alive belongs in the white house. Peewee Herman?
I literally BEGGED @jasoninthehouse 2 disavow Bannon from day one.He said he had better things 2 do,must've be planning his exit
neither does Trump & Pence. (But that really didn't need to be said)
I appreciate your full statement.  I appreciate truth.
Very sweet -but you know he is incapable of moral leadership.  We all know it. And by the way, I loved your new book.
And neither does #Trump. #NeverDid #NeverWill #Impeach45Now
NONE of them do.
Stephen Miller and Seb. Gorka and Katherine Gorka never belonged there either. Nor did Jeff Sessions. Never forget.
That was Lame al. Shoulda called for trump to resign
I reluctantly have to agree just a little bit with diamond. But I still love Sen. Franken.
Does that mean Kellyanne Conway is on her way out the door, back to that Breitbart hole they crawled out of?
Just Steve Bannon?
Thank you for your candid statements. You need to repeat this loud and long until this Administration starts showing American values.
Neither does trump.
There goes another one of those "best people."
Neither does 45
Trump doesn't belong in the White House either.
kinda like you never belonged in the senate ...
True. 

I find it surprising that Bannon could not kiss ass sufficiently to satisfy @realDonaldTrump though.
I have a feeling Gorka will be next.
Nor does Donald Trump!
