The internet is a place where ppl can tell their own stories & come together to work toward justice, equality for all bc of #NetNeutrality.
Line up all those opposed to net neutrality and I bet they are all greedy,big business puppy dog, Russian loving, trump republicans. 2018

Exactly.

If you ask me voices of dissent have a thing or two to do with it...
Sen Franken, AT&T wants to abolish net neutrality. @ATT Time Warner merger = Trump Propaganda Channel https://qz.com/1038359/boy-scouts-president-randall-stephenson-has-been-lobbying-donald-trump-to-approve-the-att-time-warner-merger/ … #NetNeutrality
@AjitPaiFCC Needs to resign. The lies alone deserve his resignation.
Isn't it a contradiction to say that while accepting money from Comcast and TimeWarner?
Sen. Franken, what about Trump's quid pro quo with AT&T CEO Randall Stephenson, @boyscouts Prez? 
#NetNeutrality
AT&T CEO Randall Stephenson is President of Boy Scouts of America. He promised Trump $22 bil investment in exchange for tax reform - @CNBC 
http://internetforever.com/ 
Can you fix this game?
@gop pretends to fight for small business however it's the small business that needs net neutrality the most.
Thanks so much for helping the cause. Keep up the fight Al!
Please help us keep net neutrality, Senator. I have met you and know you to be a powerful force in D.C.
Can we somehow open an investigation into the @FCC using bots, and stolen identities to pose as public opinion?
Al Franken / Bernie Sanders for the 2020 ticket!!!! Gets my vote
We the American people must fight for Net Neutrality with protest against FCC director Ajit Pai and the White House.
Yeah can still fight this!
Another invention that happened with public dollars that corporations are cashing in on. #NetNeutrality
PLEASE FIGHT.
Hey @AjitPaiFCC this question directed at you. Ending Net Neutrality means @comcast can slow down & kill their competition, ditto @verizon.
#NetNeutrality = corporate cronyism stealing internet bandwidth from providers, passing cost to customers. We pay Jeff Bezos' internet bill.
@LiterateLiberal We will use VPNs and proxies. Don't underestimate us!!
I need to focus on impeachment and protecting our constitution somehow. Gahhh..its all too much. Do Something! S.o.s.
Didn't Obama give away the Net? Don't recall you speaking up then. Are you going to try to blame this on Trump? You have no credibility.
How did he "give away" the net?
Speaking  of injustice, what's up with the messed up Democratic "betterbetterbetterbetter" slogan? Please suggest they use the word "Plenty"
I think the dem slogan should be "NO JOKE" . We're not joking about Russia, climate, healthcare, education, etc., you name it. It's NO JOKE.
Forget it Al, it's #over
Isn't it your job to fight this?
Without #NetNeutrality US could move closer to being like China which would suit Trump, and China!
It was how their fiefdoms survived so long, lack of communications. If you don't know any better you assume your place is your place.
Please keep fighting for us senator. We desperately need ur voice and expertise
Yes, Sir. Thank you for concentrating your efforts on this issue.
I know you've heard this many times, & for good reason, but I must ask....
WILL YOU PLEASE RUN FOR PRESIDENT?!?!?
Keep fighting Al.

not to mention entrepreneurs!
Spot on @SenFranken
Door to door old school
Thank you
You got my support block the hell out of those efforts.
There are rural locations where internet on a cellphone is faster than through local internet providers.
Revenge of the nerds on steroids! Everyone knows 10 foot wall, 11 foot ladder.
Thanks for speaking up for us, Al--and putting the humorous twist that helps it be repeated all the more. Your wisdom and levity are sanity.
Why don't we mandate neutrality on platforms that ask for net neutrality? Why not make it easier to compete against monopolist ISPs?
Net neutrality is a must for any form of medium. It is part of our rights
Please run for President in 2020 with Angus King for VP!
We know this. What action will u take?
Using the internet to fight against injustices, the problem streets work much better.
I think you hit the nail on the head in terms of GOP motive.
My rep, @SenMikeLee, is all for handing the keys over to corporate with no regard for customers. Help me work on him, Senator! Thank you!
That's the whole point, make it impossible to organize & teach via the net.
Thanks, Sen. Franken!
Trump administration & GOP are attacking our free speech from all directions! 
Foundation for #liberal thought: #blackiswhite.
Perhaps this fight really should be branded this way in the courts. 
"Right to assembly" is threatened when net is not neutral.
USPS should be an ISP, as guaranteed by the Constitution, for the dissemination of information that is free from corporate propaganda.
Huh??
#AlFrankenstein has spoken.
Absolutely. Short and Simple!
Say he were to do it. It would be universally hated, relatively benign, and reversable. Just sayin' it'd be an own goal and no one dies.
It's coming from all directions, we have to stay vigilant! 
#NetNeutrality
Wouldn't that be the absolute reason for @realdonaldtRUmp to attack #NetNeutrality ? Everything he does aims to keep us captive. #Resist
The Republicans are T-rump,T-rump are the Republicans,T-rump voters R Republicans, Republicans, Republicans, Republicans scum the lot of em
#MakeMuellerNotFireableByTrump #NetNeutrality 
#TrumpRussia #Resist 
#NetNeutrality #Resist 
#NetNeutrality #Resist 
#NetNeutrality
Never have I seen such an effort to try and subvert our democracy into a North Korean style dictatorship.
Those 8 years are over. America first now.
America first for what? To become a third world country? Forget rhetoric and buzz words look at policy only Trump is harming our economy.
How did you become a Dr?  With MSM only providing their preferred side of stories and internet blocking free speach. We were/are not neutral
I don't appreciate the ad hominem attack simply because I don't agree with your opinion. The insurance companies are in bed with Trump.
They were in bed with obama. You don't really believe they wanted obamacare so they lose money do you. But correct, we need to attack costs.
Cap attorney fees lowers ins for healthcare which hopefully lowers your cost you charge people. Failed Drs should be punished not fined.
Reason one of dozens why #NetNeutrality is so important.
OK really did not research net neutrality. How will they stop you from Fighting?
Thats why we have people like you fighting for us
"Wait. We can fight against injustice on the internet?"
- Guy Currently Surfing Anime Porn
