There was a reason why these guidelines needed to be created sadly now things will go back to status quo
@BetsyDeVosED's decision to reverse guidelines on campus sexual assault is exactly what one would expect from this backward administration.
How can any woman want other women to go through rape? Like rooting for one person murdering another. That's the same level of violence.
Emotional based responses are understandable, but dangerous.  #thankubetsy for standing up for due process and protection of all.
How sad for you...   that you think she has anyone's best interest in her sights. Sad.
I used to think that but I have dug very deep into this issue and am certain existing processes need overhaul ASAP- for the sake of all.
I'm sure you think that if you're white & privliged & can pick your schools to suit your own self interest.
Adam Rich was a rich, white kid.
Not sure who this is. Wish the media would stop showing this over and over.
She wants to leave the door open for people like her boss to assault women wity no consequences
I bet you voted for bill clinton and then his wife that helped cover up his assaults. Hypothetical drones
Why yes I did!  voted for both snd very proud of it!! not an orange, unhinged narrcissit with no gov experience who created  chaos evrryday
I'm so horrified by her actions on this (in particular). As if women don't have a hard enough time being believed about sexual assault.

BREAKING: Senator Al Franken Kissed and Groped Me Without My Consent, And There’s Nothing Funny About It http://www.kabc.com/2017/11/16/leeann-tweeden-on-senator-al-franken/#.Wg2rkOW5t3I.twitter … 

It's like going backwards in time.
#ThankuBetsy for helping to restore due process so others aren't railroaded like my son#candiceis4dueprocess
The MRA trolls on this thread are a delight as usual.

"WON'T SOMEONE PLEASE THINK OF THE POOR RAPISTS??"
AMEN! Several friends who were raped - all swept under the rug. Title IX gives campus women a chance. @BeteyDeVosED should be ashamed.
How about sleeping women?
Hahahhahaha!!!!
Seriously, how can relaxing sexual assault guidelines be such a priority for DeVox? Why are we backing up as a society?
Jesus Christ. Do any of you people make an effort to know what you're even outraged about?
From this comment we must assume that Senator Franken is against due process. How very sad.
Now their little trust fund baby boys can hope to rape with impunity. DeVos is currying favor with DJT on an issue close to his heart
Misandrist.
Misogynist
Au contraire. )
Betsy DeVos. Trump. Ladies,  think next time BEFORE you, directly or indirectly, put the @GOP in control of Government. #RESISTANCE

BREAKING: Senator Al Franken Kissed and Groped Me Without My Consent, And There’s Nothing Funny About It http://www.kabc.com/2017/11/16/leeann-tweeden-on-senator-al-franken/#.Wg2rkOW5t3I.twitter … 
Thank you for your voice @SenFranken . 
@BetsyDeVosED is a danger to our educational institutions. Her ignorace is a danger to all students!
My son was accused 2.5 yrs after the alleged incident in a 2 mo. time period by someone he didn't know. How can that even proceed?but it did
I stand with Al. Nothing threatens our students' civil rights more than ensuring both the accused and the accuser get due process.
Whine all you want. You’ve made a career out of politics and accomplishing nothing and feeding off tax payers. Resign !
She was never qualified for the position and it shows! She needs to be replaced !
The entire Administration needs to be replaced as well as the GOP
VOTE 2018
you need to step down you sex predator...
and not grope them.
http://www.kabc.com/2017/11/16/leeann-tweeden-on-senator-al-franken/#.Wg202S2CM7E.twitter … Not sure you're in the position to 'protect' anyone!
Senator what will you do to protect student loan borrowers when Devos ended oversight of watchdog
Excuse me Senator, you're missing @BetsyDeVosED point. Victim rights and accused rights are not mutually exclusive and equally important.
Attacking our youth & targeting our education like true Nazis. We have a responsibility to secure the future for our youth. We are in danger
.Sir, @BetsyDeVosED does not have the experience nor the background to make appropriate decisions of this magnitude.
Because the right to face one's accuser and the right to defend oneself against accusations of wrong doing aren't civil rights?
Why are these sexual assaults not dealt with by the police and not the university?
I sat on the sexual violence case management team at a major university. The protections cancelled by @BetsyDeVosED are critical. Shame!
Robert, there is perhaps nothing more embarrassing than a man trying to be a better feminist than women feminists are.
That comment reflects a lack of understanding of the issue, and those involved in it in a professional capacity. That is "embarrassing."
We must protect our student sexual predators! They have so much to give the world!
Not possible with @BetsyDeVosED and Candace Jackson in control.
Before Changing anything she needs to be sent to a Rape Crisis or Suicide Hotline for min 100 hours service and LISTEN TO VICTIMS!!
In return, you volunteer to read stories of wrongly accused? Great article in @theatlantic of all places.
I completely understand there are wrongly accused & would stand up just as strongly for those victims as I do for victims of rape or abuse!
Victims have rights, no matter what they're a victim of & I would stand up 4 ALL VICTIMS I just cant stand 4 everyone in 140 characters lol
They do. And so do the accused.
It's amazing to me that so many on the right claim to be devout Christians but don't follow the teachings of @Christ in their daily lives.
She seems to be on board with protecting some students.
A sitting Senator claiming due process should be thrown out the window, is gobsmacking. You protect civil rights with due process.
That's not what the Senator is saying.
It literally does the opposite of that. #DueProcess
While waiting for the law, perp sits next to victim in class, and victim drops out. Need interim enrollment decision by Univ.
What perp? What TIX did was that most unis do not guarantee the assumption of innocence. Men have been vilified for the crime of being men
Way wrong Senator
Not sure you even live here... and if you do, you have no idea what you're talking about or to whom youre speaking.
Hey @SenFranken can you please call a (uss) hearing where this can be debated and argued meritoriously? She is devoid of logic!
AMEN!
Can someone explain what she or the party gains from this reversal? Is it simply one more thing to undo from Obama admin? Or is it deeper?

It's as if she had @BetsyDeVosED in mind when she said that.
You are not lying...
& u create Sanctuary/Welcoming cities in ur States to fucking let all kinds of rapists continue raping women & find solace. Hypocrite FRAUD.
Why do you not care about young women on campuses? Not a believer in FACTS? U are the WORST kind of Misogynist!!
I usually don't degrade. Oh hell yes I do!! Look in the Dictionary for RICH BITCH. You'll find Betsy's photo.
How does reversing guidelines that threatened students civil rights...threaten civil rights? Kangaroo courts were created by those guideline
Is our country able to redeem itself after the Trump presidency? God I hope kid rock doesn't end up president. I thought Trump couldn't but.
She's all for protecting them... she just wants them to go to Private Schools and PAY for their protection.
I'd be terrified to have a kid in college right now.
Rich white guys like trump can make allegations of sexual assault go as we saw in his campaign. Doesn't mean they didn't happen.
.... from Betsy DeVos. Ironic init?
Exactly!  Due process should be stripped from the accused as well as free speech.  No place for those in our Constitution.
The only way to fully protect our students from @BetsyDeVosED would start with dotards removal.
What can be done to correct this?
She seems clueless about the purpose behind the guidelines. She should remember that before, the balance favored the accused. Not good.
You Senator Franken,are a joke (pun intended) how about allowing conceal carry on campus? I'll bet you have armed security
Unfortunately DeVos is only interested in protecting one thing -- the money!
Betsy is nutsy. To what end did she make that decision?
All students should quit all colleges until the law protects all students from rape for all time.
@BetsyDeVosED is dangerous. Her goal is to destroy the separation of church and state.
And because nobody wants to fuck her......
Will congress move on this?
These guidelines didn't just protect girls from being assaulted, it kept men from commiting acts that could get them killed from mad dads.
DeVos is creating a dangerous atmosphere & victims-like the bullied-will take justice into their own hands. Schools shouldn't be sovereign!
New law needs to be in place please help!
maybe that is why the gov is pushing gun rights like the ability the carry concealed. guess it is every woman for herself
Ironically, Obama's "Dear Colleague" letter threatened the civil rights of accused students.
So what are you and other D's going to do about it
And threads the needle for the assailants' safety. Prison
Yes we must, & if she had ever been raped or was raped in the future, only then would she have a understanding of what she is doing wrong!

She is a sick twist. Just an awful awful person.
WE MUST PROTECT WOMEN. PEOPLE PERIOD ! WE R NOT SECOND CLASS CITIZENS
DeVos is 100% wrong.
How about protecting those who are falsely accused? Oh that doesn't matter to you
Has anyone called out DeVos on her decision? Can it be reversed or overturned?
Really dumb move!
From Bears Too!!!#MAGA she's doing a stellar job!
You being a senator - on the effing JUDICIARY committee no less - and this ignorant on the importance of due process threatens us all.
Is "due process" a civil right?
This is just crazy, I cannot understand why she would do this.
Amazing. Who says we need to do less to prevent sexual assault?  @BetsyDeVosED is another embarrassment 2 the country & a stain 2 the office
Franken you need to go back to your stand up act! No, wait! You failed at that too! Just go into the woods with HRC and stay there!
Those who are accused have civil rights too. And when did this become a college issue? Similar levels of assault elsewhere. #HeadsInSand
What about the civil rights of our sons... it's about daughters AND sons
That's ok, we got guns. 
Frankel your party needs you
Not now Al we are all worked up over a canceled photo shoot at the White House!!
Time for her to go. #unfitToServe
Make her. Propose legislation.
What is wrong with that woman?? It's disgusting !!
The sooner Trump's convicted, the sooner this scourge can be removed, as well. Entire cabinet needs to be gone, with all haste...to prison.
We need congress to impeach 45
Are we absolutely sure @BetsyDeVosED is a woman? This pandering to entrenched power will reward continued assaults on women & children.

this needs to be challenged in court or you strengthen the law
Al, that's preposterous. How does *reinstating* due process to young men *threaten* students' civil rights? It, well, reinstates them.
@ACLU - we are going to need you (again) now more than ever - PEOPLE PLEASE DONATE - EVEN $10 a month - it goes a very long way! 
She's protecting criminals!! #fireDeVos
Yeah, but the rapists are delighted.
Run with it Al!
I’ll say what u can’t, it’s not surprising that DeVose took this action, she works 4 @realDonaldTrump who admited sexually assaulting women.
But doesn’t her actions help to reduce exposure for private education institutions? That is what she cares about not civil rights!
She needs to watch an SVU marathon.
Tell me who dies thus benefit????
Benefits private education institutions
So, now what Al?  Unqualified from the get go, gets confirmed...pulls this crap.....now what?
Why Why Why Why Why!!!!!
It is mystifying....
She is, she is protecting white rich frat boys and their right to sexually assault and then bully the victim into silence. She is vile
Like mattress girl? How many false cries of rape have ruined boys lives? There are two sides to a story. And only one is being heard
She is another trump troll that has no idea how to govern.
Must protect all students.
. @KenyonCollege
Devos is a spoke in the Authoritarian Wheel. We will break the wheel election by election, conviction by conviction. Their days are numbered
Enforcing due process RIGHTS are the best way to protect students and adults. Rejecting due process RIGHTS as you are doing is dangerous.
Worst part of Putins puppet in WH is the awful people he's appointed and surrounded himself with ...and GOP are accessories to these crimes
#Get rid of this Freak DeVos!!
Devotes wants to protect the rapists
Ya think? This is on the GOP and also several Dems who confirmed this woman to lead the dept of edu WITH NO EXPERIENCE! Nightmare!!!!
Franken 
Patrick
2020!!!
I think she meant , white , rich, prevrilidged, males.
Franken 2020
The NM we should remove Betsy.
You need to protect the rich boys so they can screw drunk girls without worrying about getting in trouble.
There are already laws to protect every American citizen against harassment, we don't need more laws, we need better lawmakers and enforcers
Franken 2020!!!!!!
AMEN AMEN IN JESUS NAME
Trump's 1%-ers do not demonstrate empathy for the rest of us. Their small sphere of reference & anti-Obama blinders leave us unrepresented.
Only the vacuous DeVos would support a campus rapist to get a fair hearing. Picture a sports team in khakis. I think she drinks Amway soap.
@BetsyDeVosED is a @realDonaldTrump patsy that doesn't stray from like minded agenda. Thus proving#DOTARD in Chief not only dotard in admin!
All universities should band together to enact the original law faithfully, and defy @BetsyDeVosED . They have no power if we ignore them.
Any easonable person can see the abuses committed by the Obama administration.  DeVos reversing that should be uncontroversial.
Please continue to monito and call out DeVos's stupidity. I depend on all our senators, not just my Illinois Senators, to save us from BD.
She is. The white predatory male student.
Pity the Dotard President doesn't see that, then agin he actually does ..leading by example in a Bad way #resistthetrumps
So GOP determined Sexual Assaults on College Campus, IS JUST PART OF COLLEGE LIFE! With GOP, AMERICANS are on their own. NO PROTECTION GOP!!
One by one, THIS Admin is Stripping away Protection that WE pay our TAX $$$ for. YOU Think Smaller Gov means LESS TAXES? Oh you Fools.....
....Same or More Taxes on Middle Class. LESS Active Gov. LESS Services from Gov. MORE TAX CREDITS for Ultra Rich! WHO WINS HERE? GOP=RICH
195,000,000 Votes Win. Beats 5,000,000 Votes Every Time! Rep/Dem, doesn't MATTER! Vote our Tax $$$, USED ON AVERAGE AMERICA! Our Money! VOTE
Christo-Fascists don't think Women really need to be educated to "assume their assigned role of help-mate"
HELP!
# trumpISNOTsmart
@rosie
Sue her. Every student should sue her.
That's what it does, dummy. Criminal cases need to be decided in the courts, not by biased panels of feminists.
This is one sexual position she'd better be comfortable with...
AL it's about getting charter Schools not petty politics
What we need to do is stop running schools as for-profit corporations. Standing by victims is more important than revenue. IT MUST BE.
Sexual assault has nothing to do with civil rights. It's criminal. Glad to know people like you that know the law so well serve America.
You need to go back to being an unfunny comedian.  Clearly you know jack about the law.
This is the exact opposite of the truth
How so? Don't just troll Peter. Engage.
No, Al. Victims of rape have every right to report it, but the accused have rights too. I know you don't like that idea, but too bad.
Protect our children! 300000 sex trafficked America #2 revenue sick statistics ignored. Please help me shine light on this horror!!
No, it does not. Not a fan of her,but no need to lie.
This is just sick we need to get the GOP out of the W.H.
Good example of having money doesn’t necessarily equate to having intelligence.
We agree! Perhaps you can convince your GOP colleagues to stop supporting these unqualified, outrageous appointments?
The Congressmen who confirmed her are at fault
And not a word about bear threats since her confirmation.  Is she waiting for hibernation so the hunters can kill the cubs or what?
Nothing can be done about DeVos.  Just lay back and enjoy it, Senator Franken, like the rest of America that is repulsed by her.
Henceforth, please show your respect for the Secretary by referring to her only as Betsy de Voucher. Thank you.
Hahaha
I'm no DeVos fan but here I disagree. Due process is a cherished American value. DeVos happens to be on the right side of the Constitution.
No, she's not.  You don't understand what is really going on here, and it ain't about "due process", which btw was not in jeopardy.
Oh yes I do. Colleges railroad male students with no evidence that assault was committed because it's politically correct. This has to stop.
That is so completely incorrect. And it's not even just rapes-those are a horror show all their own- but campus crime is covered UP.
Coverups are not required to respect the civil rights of every person. How dare you suggest this.
Did I CALL it a requirement? No. I'm explaining how campuses have responded to crime esp rapes.
This doesn't even make sense
I loved seeing you on Jimmy Kimmel's show!
Here's why he's full of shi*.
https://www.theatlantic.com/education/archive/2017/09/the-uncomfortable-truth-about-campus-rape-policy/538974/ …

http://nypost.com/2017/08/15/college-girl-charged-for-false-rape-claim-on-campus/ …
ANYONE ASSAULTED ON COLLEGE CAMPUS & RAPED MUST SUE @BetsyDeVosED @BetsyDeVos PERSONALLY FOR NOT PROTECTING RIGHTS. I SUGGEST A LAW SUIT.
But she is on the side of the poor rapist,who stands for him?
She think that rapists have more rights than the victim. After all, boys will be boys.
Students civil rights were being trampled by the policies. Your job to ensure just a just system that assumes innocent until proven guilty
We could sell our college women more TASERs and train them how to use said?
The 45th clientele is getting that young?
Thank you Mr. Franken. From a father who has two daughters in college. Yet another dick move from this illegitimate admin. Horrible ppl
Ya, what the fuck?
Just amazing how @realDonaldTrump comes out on the "asshole" side of every issue, every time.
This is so twisted it's completely indefensible.
What's wrong with her- who doesn't want to protect any victim- she is a sick woman
Yes, we must and we must also just protect them from Betsy in general & the future of free thought.
Just finished your book... best read of the year so far... keep fighting for all of us. You are truly a Giant of the Senate
The accused need to have their rights protected as well Senator. Please tell the whole story.
@BetsyDeVosED is awful for education and women. Thanks you suck @RealDonaldTrump
Agreed. Obama encouraged eliminating due process by universities. Thank you @BetsyDeVosED
DISGUSTING.
You mean like kids ACCUSED of sexual assault having that pesky little thing called due process?
She's the distaff trump...STUPID & DANGEROUS!
Run Al we need you!
What kind of woman is this?? @BetsyDeVosED awful terrible horrible 
Someone should be investigating DeVos. There's something there.
Thank you for speaking out against this atrocious decision.
There are guidelines on sexual assault? On campus? Betsy?
Who would ever think this was a good idea? Thanks again Drumpf
From, Michigan, we apologize for Step-ford bundt caking church lady, Betsey - a disgrace
