Instead of getting to bottom of Russia interfering in 2016 election—an actual threat to our democracy—@POTUS is perpetuating false claims.
.@POTUS is perpetuating false claim that millions voted illegally. And to do that, he wants his admin to have access to your voter history.
That's beyond alarming. President Donald Trump's commission furthers a baseless conspiracy theory about voter fraud.
I'm relieved to hear that Steve Simon, Minnesota's Secretary of State, has already announced that we won't play ball w/ this absurd request.
Bc let's be clear: @POTUS is trying to use taxpayer-funded commission to shift attention away from Russian interference in our democracy.
IMO it's an authoritarian voter suppression power grab ... #outsidelookingin
We have a spineless liar in the Whitehouse! Very disappointing!
Google helps America with short term memory Al. You can't call voter fraud a hoax if it has already been proven. Lets find out. You afraid?
So he got everybody afraid of illegal voters so he can justify violating all of our privacy?? Trump admin is terrifying
This is a step towards the government totally knowing everything about us, including our internet search history!
The same ppl who r terrified of gun registration &government healthcare should also be outraged over our voting /internet privacy being sold
We are that why we want to see all the rolls so we can see how many liberals voted a dozen times
You would be willing to give up all of your personal privacy to look into a conspiracy with no evidence. Ya that's not scary. 
Maybe next we should put voice recordings outside of everyone's home too "just in case" they're up to something. 
Hmmm maybe you should look at Obamas eo on privacy and national security. You liberals are sheep and don't see it
Any guess to how parties know your address & voting history? The state sells it. Nothing wrong with looking at voting integrity.
AL tell them to go f@(k themselves 
You know the ones they found 35 minutes before the polls closed  that elected you?
Dems cannot tell the truth, dont want the truth, cannot win w/o the fraud they protect under the guise of racism.

#voterfraudcommission :
If your State is not on the voter fraud list, contact your Governor, Senator, and Congressmen to not comply with it.
Senator Franken, please consider running in 2020.
How about open up the debates, level the playing field for all candidates take away big money's influence on politics
Why? Does he wants to start a registry? Is this the beginning of the real #HandmaidsTale. This is terrifying. #fightfascism #resist
Tell him to show his tax returns then lll consider!!
Hell no, not ok with this! This clown believes he is the king of America-time to depose
As a citizen I want my vote to count don't you?
Hiding the info makes me think that you are guilty
So why hide the voter information demonstrate that there is no problem
That's none of the government's business!

Yet #Trump doesn't want anyone to see his #Taxes. #Congress #Mueller  must demand #TrumpTaxes
including exec.agencies should "maintain no record describing how any individual exercises rights guaranteed by the First Amendment"
I'm not a lawyer, but doesn't 5 USC 552a (among others) prohibit use of PII in most cases? Aren't they proposing to break a Fed. law?
To report to Putin @ their meeting.
This is all public info  candidates use all the time. How is voter integrity not connected to foreign interference?
#NaziEnablingAct This greed based bloodless coup is RW final grand Secret Society led attempt at ruling the world ......and it too fill FAIL
They must sell a lot off toilet paper in D.C. sure are a whole bunch of assholes in one place.
Please tell him no f'n way.
It's nothing less than a voter suppression panel. They can shove it.
I once blew off the prospect of a 1984 like government. Now I'm not so sure.
It's also looking a lot like 1894.
That should be just about enough to remove this monster from office
Please pass out copies of "The Best Democracy Money Can Buy" to all Senators/Reps or read it into the Congressional Record. See @Greg_Palast
Please stop him.  He has no right to know how I vote.
Soon we'll have surveillance of people's use of the www as well as their political activities, to use for retaliation - Putin inspires again
To start suppression detention what for ? Corrupt illegal means to keep crazy in the White House beyond 2020
My governor better not share my private voting data with them! Are you listening Governor Hogan?
U must never allow this to happen! It sounds like the first step that Hitler took against the Jews
Mr Trump should be investigating other things than voter fraud! #FakePOTUS
Putin is an ex spy. Just flattering @realDonaldTrump and he will tell him every State secret he knows at the G7 convention. No more G8...
So wrong.
Oh!... could you give them this for me?!BUT I you Sen Franken!
Defy, resist, oppose- no good can come from facilitating this attack on the sanctity of our voting rights.
So does a pesky Ethiopian Prince on the internet
This fuxker is as dangerous and stupid as Cheeto and President Bannon!!!!!!!!
President who won't release his tax returns wants to publish every registered voter's social security number, DOB, and party affiliation.
Public is really handy to allow retaliation vs individual voters or groups of voters.
Voting affiliation, name & addy are public info now.  How you voted? Won't happen on individual basis, just conscentous.
This how dictatorships start.
Why do people register if not to stop fraud? Are you pushing for voting without registration? Would that stop the abuse in your opinion?
Isn't this illegal or are we in big brother already?
Trump won't let us see his taxes, what is he hiding?
Come on, Al. This shit has got to stop.
Not from Massachusetts. Time to bring back the Nixon phrase: Don't blame me, I'm from Massachusetts.
No. Hell no.
What's wrong Al, afraid your boss Nazi Soros can't buy votes and your cheating party can't have dead people voting any more? #DemLie/Cheat
Oh, please... BOTH SIDES DO IT!!! 
Remember?? When Dems did it? Anyone??? 
Hello??
Trump needs to govern and stop strategies for his re-election ! Poor President!
Please work with Gov Dayton to withhold all MN voter information from this Voter Suppression committee
Easy way to restrict voter access: purge voters who have similar names--in Dem areas. Already being done.
If he wants all that all he has to do is ask Obama! As MadMaxine Waters said,obamas database on everyone is unprecedented.Where were u then?
THIS IS AMERICA NOT RUSSIA !
Franken you are the fraud. U and your senate buddies are running scared. I suggest u run right out of the senate!
Is this the same person that bitched about privacy& called Susan Rice a criminal 4 unmasking his comrades? Focus on suppression now for 2018
No way! Resist!
Nazis did this

You should at least disclose how many ballots were "discovered" weeks later in the trunk of a DFL election official's car, .@SenFranken.
That is how dictatorial regimes such as Cuba and Venezuela started. Next step will be to pool all the voters in a single political party.
@thehill @PrincessBravato WHAT? ALL STATES should refuse. STATES RIGHTS! States protect SENSITIVE VOTER INFO!
My private information! NO! No to the 'fraud commission' it's the GOP voter repression and intimidation commission. #voteGOPout! #resist!
NAZI-LIKE behavior, get names& info of ALL who oppose you, THEN WHAT? WHY does trump NEED that info?
He continues to obstruct justice with another baseless diversion!
Hell to the NO!
Voter info is confidential @realDonaldTrump! Nice try!
And SSN which is not part of voter rolls in most states including Florida and for a good reason.
Senator this so frightening. Can't Congress or the courts stop this?
I read the article this morning & now I'm very very frightened. We all should b. Anyway to stop this?
Imagine the Obama admin making this same request. Every R in congress would be screaming about state's rights and privacy.
What would our Founding Fathers say? #WeThePeople say, no! @potus thx for reminding us the 4th of July is about more than fireworks& picnics
Why do they need that info?
When can the Gestapo just start asking everyone for "papers"?
What can be done? #SCOTUS? Force him to veto a voter privacy law? Where do each of your peers stand on this issue?
Didn't the GOP have a security breech that exposed 2m voters personal info and vote record? And he tweeted an attack again. Get him out!
Another fact is that if he gets our private info, it will become public! Kobach, VP, Conway, Bannon, Trump & clan are all Putin's puppets!
But he won't turn a light on #Russia
Stop the Dictator this is how Nazi Germany began
Drop dead Mr Trump. We know your Con game to disrupt and use voter suppression.
Stop them Franken!
Why? so they can threaten negative Enquirer stories against every voter who refuses to vote their way in the future??  This is scary!!
why does he want to round them up and put in concentration camp or gas chamber? Are we in Nazi Germany
Senator do u still have you "extra " boxes of ballots for your next election?
Nope, I'll sue MN if it's released.
Do you notice Senator that only DEMOCRAT states won't agree to showing election rolls? Hmmm like finding all those last minute votes 4 you
Trump's "voter fraud commission" is intended to help them commit voter fraud.
And it could be a great source for data-mining to be shared with 45's overseas pals.
NO!!
YEAH PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP !!!!  U R THE BEST  !!
So now the GOP & its enablers @RepErikPaulsen can nationally institutionalize ELECTION FRAUD? Hell NO @IndivisibleMN03
Another step in attempt at dictatorship!!!
Why would you possibly be against this?  Something to hide you know about?
Someone needs to hit him over the head with the US Constitution. 1st one to sue a state for data breach gets a prize. Form a line please.
Are we still supposed to pretend our system of government works?
This the prelude to establishing a totalitarian dictatorship
That's our business not his! Can't we just TELL HIM HE WIN THE POPULAR VOTE? So he stops this INVASIVE shit?
Proud that Pennsylvania said "NO". Maybe sanity comes back to PA? Let's hope.
Start paying attention to representatives who stand up and say NO. Vote the rest OUT. TIME TO STAND UP AND SAY ENOUGH!!
I'll take a pass All.
Everyone that does not like this should become a write-in voter so they do not have to participate with real honest to God voters anytime.
Enough - Americans need to stop making concessions for this President and refuse to be put on a list for unknown purposes.
@GovofCO please say no. Who knows who they will sell our info to? Also I think this may be illegal, I did not authorize my vote info sharing
How happy that 250 lb hacker sitting in his basement will be
WHY! That's private VOTER INFO that trump DOESN'T NEED! PROTECT OUR VOTER INFO!

What scares me is if they get this info, what will stop them from taking action to hurt Americans who voted against Drumpf?
@realDonaldTrump  wants a list of voters who did not vote for him to hand over to his Gestapo. Donald you are a Russian spy. IMPEACHMENT.
And of course as a U.S. citizen, I may demand the same information from him and his family.
Many of us are ready to go to court to stop this. We're old and angry with lots of extra time.
The better to gerrymander, not to mention which areas to suppress voting.
That is how Ayatollah, in Iran,1982 got addresses of all opposition party members, arrested activists in 6 months followed by mass execution
Dude just wants to know who @FLOTUS voted for.
Does DT ever get tired of being horrifying?
@SenDeanHeller @SenCapito @SenJohnMcCain @senrobportman @SenSasse @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski @davereichert @cnn @nytimes @weareoversight
One by one they're saying 
They shouldn't let WANT to be their MASTER!!
This is starting to get crazy. All the "big g'ment is evil" tea party folks voted in & CONTINUE TO EXCUSE facists who wants files on us all.
Some state elections officials have rightly told our new and clueless elections czar to go jump in a lake.
This giant baby man cannot accept the fact that he did not win the popular vote! Even though he won the office! He is mental!
At least no one is "unmasking" classified surveillance!
Concerned that those who didn't vote for Trump will be targeted. I don't trust that man
No. No. No. No. No.
Trump's people might use the info for nefarious purposes. I don't trust them.
His hit list.
Hoping @AGOWA @WAElections denies Kris Kobach request. I don't trust Trump Admin with my voter registration info.
No, no and no!  Go get a court order if you want that information.
All they need to know about me is

I did not vote for trump nor will i ever vote for the GOP !
NO. Don't do it.
Love all the states refusing to comply!! #TrumpObstructed #TrumpRussia #PenceKnew #RyanKnew #McConnellKnew #GOPLaundered #Hatch46
I'm not giving any information except my strong opinions of #fauxtuspotus terrible job performance, hateful inhuman indecencies and tweets
What a sure way to waste, big-time, time, and money.  What a shame, all because of DT's ego and delusions.
And what would they glean from all that? Stupid and a waste of taxpayer money. @POTUS is fragile, wasteful, and dangerous. #impeach
This is yet another attack on our democracy When will this stop, when will @GOP do something other then lame it was disappointing BS
How do these records prove fraud?  Isn't this just a fishing expedition for personal data?
Insane. Sounds a little too USSR to me
what a great use of resources
This President mockery of Office.  Can't Congress do something.  Demagogue? Help America, please!
As this info is being transferred I bet it can be hacked into. No thanks!
No way.  Hopeful Mn. not going to do this
This is crazy.  Let's sue TP before he flips us into targets.  Should be called voter-elimination commission.
Who is paying for this Commission? I do not want my tax money going to this!
Unreal.  THIS is not normal -- or American.
The next step to totalitarianism. Stop him Sen Franken. Could you imagine the fury if a Democrat did this? Enough is enough. He must go!
I remember as a child my father telling my that every citizen having an equal, secret vote was a unique right in America!
Just another threat to democracy by the administration. Did Russia or Bannon plant this idea?
Thank God John Husted of Ohio won't turn it over
Next will we have Heil Trump.... he's out of control
There's another reason they want it. It's not for voter fraud reasons.
They're making the investigation nowas Trump needs a win. Who'll make a back-up investigationin case Trump doctors info to suite his needs
Is it true Trump wants all voter records just to prove Melania voted for him, he's seen the reports she voted for Hillary
You can't have mine. Isn't this unconstitutional
Then, there's this:
Trump in ofc why in hell does he want to spend taxpayer dollars on frivolous commission. Except ploy to get personal identifying information
AND the last 4 digits of your social. I think the count is up to 22 states that JUST SAID NO. I sincerely hope the rest follow suit
Thank you Al! You and @amyklobuchar need to get your GOP colleagues to rein in this out of control admin! From 1 of your MN constituents.
Minnesota joins long list of states refusing to cooperate with Voter Fraud Commission.
There is definitely alternative motives in play. My concern is covering up Russian inconsistencies in vote count data
Ummmmm how bout NO
This is more evidence of his quest to make his presidency a dictatorship- why are people not concerned of this behavior
Far easier to commit voter fraud if GOP gets this huge database of voter demographics, party, and voting history.
The Republican Party is making an enemies list. Pure and simple.
Voter suppression
Watch my lips......"Hell No"!
Sounds like something a Dictator would do.
NO Trump. I will not release my voter ID information to the goverment.
The Drumpf is an obscenity.
Pull the plug on that fraud and his mobster wanna be administration.  ENOUGH ALREADY!  No disrespect aimed at you Sen Franken.
All states should say no... hell no.
