@realDonaldTrump The fact that Gorsuch bases his rulings on the Constitution & the law is exactly why he needs to be confirmed.
@horizonunknown. I liked seeing your comedy on SNL in the 90's. I love seeing your intellect now help fight the Orange Zombie!
@BernieBuddy16 Confirmation  #FilibusterGorsuch
Thank you!!! Now we #GoNuclear and put all Conservative justices. Thanks for #Maga
@Sam_Levine thank you for your amazing work!
if you did not want to pay attention to the politics of naive celebrities you probably should not have voted for one.
Thank you, sir!
Al Franken questioning Gorsuch on the "frozen trucker" case...
OMG! THANK YOU! BEST #Avengers!  Still LOVE #Loki  & Thank YOU, @SenFranken #Hulk #StopGorsuch #holdthefloor #StolenSeat #MerrickGarland
I, personally, am proud to support you and the @TheDemocrats
Supreme Courts judges have one over riding duty, FOLLOW THE CONSTITUTION.Not to make political decisions! #moron
Ummm, Sir? Can you explain July 20, 2006 then? 100-0 confirming Judge Gorsuch to the 10th Circuit... just askin'...
It's ABSURD to oppose nominee ranked Well-Qualified (highest rank) by American Bar Association. Guess you ARE the expert on absurdity....
@SunflowerSoul71 Thank you! My senator (Durbin) is joining you!
we love you Al even here in Utah Thank You for looking out for ALL Americans
Thank you. I don't want a SCOTUS that isn't smart enough to come in from the cold either
No one cares what you think!
Thank you
Thank you!!!
Go ,Al ,Go!!
POS
and that's one of many reasons why I'll be voting yes for you for President in 2020 if I get the chance
or @amyklobuchar it's encouraging to see our state finally having a voice and making a difference
honey buy a brain. HC has nothing to do with this discussion
looks like a "sockpuppet" aka "troll" sweet more #idiotsonparade
right! I reported him for threats
you probably made it up... have a good night
HEY HEY TAY TAY picking on girls real cool brah! But kinda on par. Just know we're on your side too.#unitefight
You suck
Thanks senator!
In other breaking news, the Earth is round and the sky is blue. Your no vote was assured at 9pm 11/8/2016.
hahahahaha right.
Thank u, @SenFranken. Not sure why  potential puppet of Russia should even get a hearing 4 nominee, when legitimate Obama did not 4 Garland
the reason Obama didn't get Garland is because both Biden & Shumacher didn't want to begin process 2 close 2 election
DYK: @EPA worker seen wearing 1980s T-shirt re dumping unfit #EPA chief Anne Gorsuch. Her son Neil #Gorsuch is Trump’s nominee for #SCOTUS!!
No video needed Al don't care...no surprise here.
How sad for you as you seek to destroy Trump.  Dems are the most despicable people who will destroy America.and be proud!!!!!!!
A #libtard afraid of judges following the law?  Color us surprised....
you don't rule with your heart u rule by the Constitution which you need to get a copy of one. The Co.should have sent a wrecker
No one cares what a buffoon like you says. Go back to 3rd rate comedy writing. You represent what's wrong with Congress.
I will be voting against your re-election Al, and I know many others doing the same thing, good luck with the little time u have
thank you!
Oh Mr. Smalley! say it. "we r pissed it's a Trump pick, even if we KNOW he is well qualified n was unanimously confirmed in '06!
Thank you sir :)
Thank You Senator!
Additional proof that the Dem voters  of Minnesota are totally clueless.
you realize you are a catalyst for conservatives right? Every time you open your mouth another conservative smiles.
you're a partisan HACK and you're NOT FUNNY!
You are a sad sad little man who deserves our pity as Judge Gorsuch is 10 times the man you could ever wish to be.
. And of course, your wrong  AGAIN
Thank you sir, you are awesome!
just turn yourself in. I hear they might go easier on you.
thank you!!!!!!!
I hope u do Sen. Al if he gets in we will never get trump out
Thank you for continuing to stand for US values.
It's really disheartening how sad and pathetic you Dems are. Wake up, it's a whole new world out there.
Thank you for taking a stand
you're kidding right?I'm so shocked...NOT. Loved you on SNL, and even think you're brilliant.However, you're hate is blinding U.
@NikitaKitty Thank you Sen Al Franken!
~ thanks so much Senator Frankenstein.  Ed
you are afraid of him. You cant handle the truth you socialist. there is nothing you can do about it. Rep.
 Are going nuclearlol
YES!! Thank you thank you!!!
@Bailey649 As one of your constituents, thank you. Hope the rest of Dems are also on board. Gorsuch lives in a gilded bubble.
Thank You and All Dems. Need to vote No as well on #gorsuch  
You're not good enough, you're not smart enough, and doggone it, people don't like you.
you muppet! Gorsuch verbally schooling you still stinging?!
Ha ha aha ha ha ha.  You're such a funny comedian!  Dog gone it, people like you!  /sarcasm
Because he schooled you? Not a good look for you.
why? Because you got your ass kicked on Constitutional Law? #Libertarian #DemocratsAndRepublicansAreAJoke
That's absurd!!!
That's solely because you are a party hack, not concerned about America.
thank you! Heartfelt thank you.
Sheer spiteful, childish. Im not going to play with you behavior. Oh when Karma comes. I hope i get to see it :)
Good not even,8want him in there court!! He must be really bad!!
@ZantiMisft Thank you @SenFranken !!
@MysteryOnward thank you senator.
@MeGminor we've got your back Senator. It's good to see what a moral compass looks like.
You would vote no for Mother Theresa if Trump nominated her. Not sure who's a bigger hypocrite, you or Durbin.
thank you we can now use the nuclear to make sure Gorsuch does get confirmed.
that's ok Al we the People know You democrats don't believe in the Rule of Law otherwise you wouldn't have ran HRC for president
Can't handle that "rule of law" thing, or R U just a sore loser? He did own U! @HomeOfUncleSam @APLMom @Robeno @toddmr @SereDoc
thank you, Senator.  I hope others will follow your lead.
#liberalism is a disease. Lots of infected people supporting a bad comedian. #first100 #dnc party of NO!!
Go back to TV comedy, where people take U seriously. U R literally a bad joke on the people. #embarrassed.
No surprise. You were a comedian once. Now, just a joke.
Thank you!
Thank you @SenFranken @LiberalJaxx
@Green_Footballs Filibuster?  "No" vote ain't gonna get it done.
THANKS AL!!! MPLS PROUD OF YA!!!! #goodjob #SupremeCourt #forthepeoplebythepeople
Would you vote yes for ANY nomination by the President?
is that a euphemism for "comedian"?
If you count him as a joke, then yes!
Thank you Senator! @Henro32
@SusannaMatte How about Judge Jeanine? She's "terrific." Keep fighting, Al. And thank you.
Thank you, it's inspiring to see Dems standing together and fighting for our rights.  Stay strong, we support you.
@SenDonnelly Please follow his lead.
I probably would too if he had made a fool of me the way he did you in those hearings.
<--Douche
Another demonstration of your exceedingly low intelligence and hyper-partisanship. Well done, Mr not funny former comedian.
@amyklobuchar @SenSchumer @ChrisVanHollen @SenFeinstein @SenatorCardin @SenWarren 
Terrible choice for women
#FilbusterGorsuch
Thank you @SenFranken !!
@LDJensen5 GOOD. Filibuster. He's for corporations plus ITS NOT HIS SEAT.
Ah yes the enlightened peoples of Minnesota.. 
The very same that elected Jessie the body Ventura. 
Be proud Gopher Staters!
Does the current admin gets access to all USA top secret info WHILE being investigated for colluding with russians?
Do you listen to yourself? Ever spoken to a "Trucker"? Do you know they don't shut off diesel trucks while idling? DRAMA king
Frkanken is mad because he made you look like a clown in the hearings
@NicoleKowalski5 thank you. You're awesome keep up the fight
thank you! !
Amazing how you were so unfunny on tv, and now you are an absolute joke... shameful..  party above all right Al?  #GorsuchHearing
thank you so very much sir!
thank you!!
Because Gorsuch makes decisions based on how law is written instead of the way @SenFranken wants to re-imagine it after its written.
@wordsanddeeds2 And what will you do with all of other nominees? Vote no every time? Trump will win if Gorsuch is voted down.
Trump needs to stop retaliating against the majority with his appointees that aren't even close to representing
Hey Frankenstein, did u ever clear up the taxes u owed and did u pay ur employees from ur FAILED Air America biz?
@realDonaldTrump 
#MAGA
of course you would.  Playing politics because y'all lost. Why are you even on the judiciary committee?
so you're afraid he'll actually do his job? With career politicians like you always leaning left we need the courts for balance
please also convince @amyklobuchar that Minnesotans want a fillibuster!!
Do you feel Judges should ignore the law based on their political belief? That sounds third world judicial system.
Thank you!
You weren't funny then and you're not funny now.

can u really be taken seriously?
Voting against Gorsuch because he will follow the constitution. Isn't that what the USSC is suppose to do. Democrats hate the constitution
Please keep making the GOP grab their pussy.
@JVTorelloIII good job Sen. Franken! All is fair in love and Supreme Court Nominees! #GorsuchHearing #NoToGorsuch
Thanks for all you've done and continue to do
What a franken surprise ,we really don't want anybody deciding by law not feelings
isn't it wonderful that he doesn't need you. Can you say nuclear option...lmao!!!!
Denied Garland bc GOP said @POTUS44 wasn't STILL POTUS. Democrats should deny ANY GOP nom bc *45 isn't POTUS trained YET if ever


Fri-3 & Sat-4 before elec. are 2 very notable days. Note the timing of FBI/Comey #TrumpRussia investigation events: http://bit.ly/2lZQX1Q  
https://heatst.com/world/exclusive-fbi-granted-fisa-warrant-covering-trump-camps-ties-to-russia/ …
Because you are a political hack.  Failed liberal talk show host is afraid Gorsuch will follow the law instead of his feelings
And the good people will vote you OUT. #FrankenisaJoke
you should have stuck with Saturday Night Live
@WEMUSTSTOPTRUMP the vote shouldn't happen. @POTUS under investigation for treason. Period. No vote-seat has been open over year
Al, assuming HRC will not run again, would you consider (or are you considering) a run for POTUS? I would work, and vote, for u.
Please show voters that @SenateDems are no longer the Party of Play-Nice but will FIGHT for our values #FILIBUSTER @TuxcedoCat
Im shocked, I tell ya!
@TuxcedoCat great to hear!
very good
Thank you!!!
Yeah, he sort of handed your ass to you, so I don't blame you for throwing a hissy fit.
I decline to watch. I already understand you don't prefer law to be upheld. Thus, your stance. @SenFranken
He uses too many big words.
thank you
Go away
Feeling butthurt since he spanked you last week.
Good, convince your fellow senators including Republicans to do the same.  He'll be unfair to Dems and Repub if voted in, say NO
that's great news Al he must NOT be  confirmed.
A lovely video extolling the virtue of having biased judges.
thank you Senator Franken.
Thank you!
I admire your integrity and forthrightness sir.
Is it possible to vote, "Hell No"  Thanks A.F. for asking great questions, revealing the true nature of N.G.Unfit for SCOTUS 
I would 2 after the way he humiliated/embarrassed U in front nation w/ur ricidiculous question Jst repeat wht Stuart Smiley says
send a thank you to Harry reed...50 votes, my good amigo.
No big surprise especially since Gorsuch embarrassed you at His hearing
You're a bumbling mess. You have no valid reason, just mad you got spanked.
it is not like you ever intended to give the man a chance anyway.  Man up and be honest about it.
Thank you Senator!
Thank You Al. We don't need 9 judges anyway. Ask the republicans.
Thank you, Senator!
ur a fool! Country B4 party! Upholding the constitution is what judges r supposed 2do,if u don't like rulings,write better laws!
ur a fool! There is NO reason 2 vote NO other than ur political obstructionism! GrowU swore 2 uphold constitution AS WRITTEN!
THANK YOU SENATOR !
No one believes a "yes" vote from you was ever even a possibility.
I'm confused in the circuit court of appeals some yrs ago not one Dem was against him so why now
Minnesota can't wait to vote no in 2020.
WAHHHH!!  He hurt my feelings!  Someone change my diaper!
You do realize this is real and not an SNL skit, right?  God forbid we get a judge that rules on law and isn't an activist
.@SenFranken how about this, sunshine?
https://www.google.com/amp/s/mobile.nytimes.com/2016/02/23/us/politics/joe-biden-argued-for-delaying-supreme-court-picks-in-1992.amp.html …
of course. Can't have SCOTUS basing decisions on Constitution and law. Liberals demand feeling led rulings, settle for no less!
