But unfortunately, in 2017 women in America are still fighting pervasive and
significant wage discrimination.
That’s an outrage, and there’s no excuse for not taking real action right now to change it.
I’m proud to co-sponsor the Paycheck Fairness Act, which would help close the wage gap and ensure that women receive fairer pay.
We should pass this bill into law immediately. #EqualPayDay 
https://www.facebook.com/senatoralfranken/posts/1319189078166971 …
Current laws to use for unequal pay
1938 Fair Labor Standard
1963 Equal Pay Act
1964 Civil Rights Act
2009 Lily Ledbetter Fair Pay Act
Shut it stewie.
Tell Senator Warren and HRC!
I would but I don't think Hillary has any political office or input on anything
and they arem
ONLY if they do the job equally as well.
Women are paid the same for equal work.
http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S109420250290195X …
The abstract provides an interesting conclusion. I would be interested in seeing the methods they used in their model but I can't access it.
Ex headhunter - I saw the inequality on a daily basis.  Women were constantly paid $5K to 10K less per year.
Well, if it is a myth, there should be no objection to a law that makes sure it stays that way, right?
It seems that an additional law seems a bit superfluous since women already get the same wages as men based on the Equal Pay Act of 1963.
I would also need to know more of the specifics of the bill Senator Fraken proposed. It may cause negative impacts in the job market.
They do get paid equally.
They just don't work the same number of hours, or the hard jobs like men do.
#EqualPayDay 
#paygapmyth
http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S109420250290195X …
Oh God the comedian has a word on this... He is too stupid to know anything about anything.
This is fake news, women already are paid the same. The pay gap is a myth #EqualPayDay
Not fake news. Ask real women The pay gap exists  Ex headhunter who saw it all the time.  Same job paid $5K to $10K less per year
I agree. They mostly are, though.
But women don't always do equal work as men. Lol
then why didn't dems take care of this when they had both house and senate???
Maybe you could share that info with Elizabeth Warren.
Women get paid $10,000 a year less & $1/2 mil less lifetime. That's a fortune to women
Not according to the racist,bigoted,homophobic,sexist GOP!
Equal work yes...equal title no.
Hi Al  Wishing You and Yours a Peaceful Passover Week with lots of nachas  Family brings 'to the table' so to speak  Yes Women=21st Cent.
Your right it SHOULD be that simple!  Let's get it done!
It is that simple, so what's it gonna take to get this done if it's that simple
You are the Best!
they already are you fool
You should start by telling Senator Warren to correct the gender wage gap with her current staff.
Then please tell Elizabeth Warren!
They already do
Why don't you tell the to @SenWarren she pays her male staffers more than her female staffers!
Tell your co-libtard & fraud co-worker, Senator Pocahontas that...
sir, tell that to your collegue @SenWarren
Why is it even a question?
thank you for fighting for women!
#EqualPayDay
Only if they do the same as others. I can't understand why senators continue to divide people by every means they can. Not what elected todo
They already are. 

Simple indeed. 

PS, if youre going to pretend to be a Senator, google "equal pay act of 1963."

You can thank me later.

Yes and Franken fights to make sure those evil blacks kids don't get school choice!
And we want ERA Amendment, too! My Mom-94 fought for it. I want her to see it pass while she is still on earth.
Yes, thank you. But we won't need jobs after Trump destroys America, GET HIM OUT OF THERE!! .. and I know you fight for all of us.
How have you determined that Republicans refuse to pay women equal pay??? Seems like Elizabeth Warren pay's the women on her payroll less...
I am entitled to the same pay for the same work with the same educ.  Hate"deserve". I EARNED it
Don't let those Republicans steel your thunder
I cannot believe this topic is still up for debate... Wait, it's not. Republicans simply don't vote for equality.
So obvious yet so intrinsically woven into male dominated society. With Trump rolling back Obama's help the males still hold down females.
A person is a person doing a job.its not complicated like healthcare.a 5 year old could understand that.glad you have common sense al!
Thank you but there are still too many who want to push us back to the dark ages.
Interesting. I make more than most of my male counterparts, but I have hustle & I don't whine. #WageGapIsAMyth
Yes we do. Please do not vote for Trumpers nominees. It is very weak to do this. Say NO.
No you are the joke i care you don t what a stupid idea of fun. Your eather worped or psychotic. I love my country and will stand up to who
fortunately they already are
Novel concept but it just might work!
y'all a thing or two. Are you in the DARK ages?
Badda Bing! So simple. Don't know how you do it, my friend. It's Planet of the Apes out there.
No. Why don't MEN get paid what WOMEN get paid? Why is my 20 yr old told women can't lead men? What's wrong w you all? My daughter can teach
Let me put it a different way.Do a job, get paid.Equally.Have to be ignorant to complicate that.Blck, wht, red, yellow, male, female.USA.
It is insane that we are still having this conversation and moving backwards.  #SAD! #EqualPayDay #EqualPay

Stop spreading fake news pls
Key words are "equal work"
Thank you. Stand up
More from EPI - avg woman loses over half million over lifetime due to wage gap.
Equal Pay Act of 1963
From Economic Policy Institute:
Seems so simple ...
Please run for President in 2020 #FrankenSchiff2020
If you don't like your job , quit ...
Just like true feminist, Ivanka, said. Just like her father feels. Just ask planned parenthood.

Whew, reading the replies is depressing! Yes, there really is a wage gap. Even if there isn't, why would anyone be against this?
it's disgusting this is even a thing.  #EqualPayDay
your absolutely right Al,we need to enact equal pay for equal work !
Thank you!
Only Ivanka I guess.
Then why does @SenWarren pay her female staffers less than male ones? Do as I say, not as I do..
@Rosie Mahalo!
They already do nucklehead. Go back to doing what U do best. Comedian on SNL.
I agree!!  So what would my paycheck look like if I were a douchebag senator from Minnesota?
How can one repay our mothers with equal pay? The endless hours of nursing, teaching, loving, caring and driving. Equal pay is the 1st step
You should tel Elizabeth Warren, she is paying women staffers less than the men.
Seems like common sense.
curious, do you pay your staff both men & women the same? We already Faux Pocahontas doesn't. It's also the law dimweed
This is simply a myth. They are paid equally for equal work. If women were paid less for identical work, workforce would be 100% women.
@jongarysteele Exactly!! Simple truth!
How many times are you going to answer your own tweet?
You don't say? If that is true, then it is done on a free market, which is the only system that can accurately determine prices of labor.
Everyday should be equal pay day!
Not rocket science
Right on @senfranken #equalpayday matters.  @pennypritzker
Kindly publish your staffs salaries.
I knew a simple minded fellow like you would simply simplify it!
Yes, we do. We also deserve Superdelegates who vote for the candidate that won their state in the Primary at the Convention. #SoRidiculous
The People's President would have made sure that happened. #StillWithHer
You are the best damn senator !!! Thank you
We shouldn't still have to have this converation in 2017. Women need to take their rightful position in the top tier with men!
I agree, but im not convinced thats not already the case. the studies which show inequity are deeply flawed.
Oh and "one person, one vote". Kill the electoral college. It's also simple.
That would require a constitutional ammendment w/ a 3/4 vote smaller states are not going to give up their power to CA, NY and FL.
Where aren't they?
Please look into the #equalpay EEO complaints filed by federal employees on merit systems. Congress needs to step in
T-H-E-Y A-L-R-E-A-D-Y D-O!! #Wakeup #realitycheck #EqualPayDay
good thing they are or no one would hire men
If they remain Constitutionally inferior it is impossible to achieve & sustain #EqualPay  We need ratification of #ERA  front & center
Al, equal pay under trump? I was so under paid. I'm a licensed/registered Architect and was paid less than a high school grad.
only inequality i  today's workplace is that most women can take 12 weeks off when they have a child. the man maybe gets 2.

100% bullshit.  
There isn't a job today where women are paid less for the same job except 4 sports.thats cause noone watches womens sports

if you have problems getting ahead at work, maybe it's not your gender.

Sad #hypocrite #snl #EqualPayDay
Thank you Al Franken for your tireless work for democracy in our country!
You're a liar.  If this were true every business would employ women exclusively
Equal hours does not mean equal work was done bc the amount of work done depends on the process taken which varies infinitely.
If women are doing equal work for less pay then explain to me why employers are even hiring men? Doesn't jive dude.
Your thought process does not match what statistics actually show.
What do statistics show?
US census, 9/13/16, based on full-time yr round workers, women make 79.6 cents for every dollar a man makes.
That's has been debunked multiple times. Once you count for hours and positions in each field the wage gap becomes nonexistent.
See the US census, you are wrong, that statistic does take in account of a 40 hr/wk full time job
They don't take account in different positions in each field of work.
The bottom line is there is definitely inequity in salaries for the same job whether you believe it or not
It's simple. They already do. If not, why aren't companies just hiring a bunch of women to save on costs? And you're a senator? LOL
Women earn the same as men already. Quit lying
It's simple, woman don't want to be forced to do equal work.
Practice what you preach #snl #EqualPayDay
How long have you been in congress? Pretty sure you could have done something about this VERY REAL ISSUE *wink wink* by now
And you deserve to go away.
Then we need to stop allowing HR departments to continue the pay gap.  Who is ready to tell the truth?   I am.
So, to avoid any bias, govt should make all decisions, not individuals or businesses. No thanks. Guess you never read 1984.
Might want to do more research before spouting off nonsense
Thank you
You don't have to make it this complicated,  Al
I thought that current wage discrimination laws were sufficient in scope but we're under-enforced.   Could you comment?
Love you 
Mean it
Keep it up
"It's simple." Women deserve equality.  Thanks for all you do.
But when women don't produce as much as men, what then?

they already are. #genderpaygapmyth

They already are.
They are paid more if they never get married or have kids. You should be ashamed of using your position to further the division of people.
Sources?
Lebron James will be paid over $30 million this year.  Average WNBA player makes $72,000.  That is 99.76% less than King James.
Then those whiny liberal women need to work HARDER and stop taking time off because of their fatherless kids

Pay your environmental activists!  They're trying to save your habitat!
senior women on Social Security are paying for decades of pay inequity..need to fix that too..strengthen Social Security,,
So what was the Equal Pay Act of 1963 for?
Yeah lol
Wait, you pay your female staff less than a white man for doing the same work? There are laws against that, you know.
@Rosie we women all have a choice on where to work ,it's a free country
They already are.
The great Andy Kaufman PROVED without a doubt men and women will NEVER be equal.
Can you source your information?
Thank you Sen. Al Franken
Then give up some of your pay $
@SenFranken when will the argument go from White Women equal pay to White Men to equal pay for all race and genders??
If you believe that, what are you doing about it?
False. There is no pay gap.
Read the statistics, you are incorrect
@Rosie they are.
Which is why most women get paid less than men. They work less hours in careers that pay less. Get more women in dangerous trades #feminism

Why the face? You know it's true. While we're at it enable women to be drafted during times of military conflict. because #equality

You know, posting faces hardly makes for interesting conversation. If you disagree with me present a counter-argument. I'd love to hear it
did you vote for Trump?.....bigger question
They are getting paid the sme as men.
Maybe they should work the same hours as men.
That would straighten this all out.
http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S109420250290195X …
Yeap women earn less not because people are sexist, but because of the decisions they make having to do with family.
#paygapmyth
But we need to know what the actual difference is & not the amount pushed by the regressive left. We need to fight real battles not imagined
The focus on the flat monetary difference and pointing to it as entirely discriminatory is indeed ridiculous. Tired of seeing it.
A refusal to account for, for instance, an 11% difference just based on hours worked (in 2016), we can't possibly achieve honesty/accuracy.
Not until we admit the vast majority of the gap is based on male/female preference, hours, etc. can we then tackle remaining unexplained %.
Sooo simple. Yet here we are. Hmm, perhaps there's something about all the old white guys in control of it all. Present company excluded.
Key word: equal.
I noticed the same thing. A lot of angry dudes complaining and mansplaining.
ew, that word is ridiculous.
We already are. Stop perpetuating this myth. Nobody believes you!
They also deserve good healthcare
