#ForcedArbitration clauses are at the heart of Wells Fargo scandal. I’ve been working to rein in the practice for a long time. #RipOffClause
Corporate America shouldn't be allowed to stack the deck against Americans. Watch @SenWarren and me talk @CFPB rule: https://www.facebook.com/senatoralfranken/posts/1481479798604564 …

URGENT! Targeted Barclays Banker
@EdmundJDunne in Distress. In need of back surgery/ mental health care. #LIBOR 

…
Guess who will go to prison? No One. Guess who'll get stuck with costs? Us. We need accountability. They get away with it EV time! Why Stop?
Funny but that's the same thing being said about those who lied to Congress, obstructed justice, & grossly overpaid an IT crook. Every time!
Were they fined for lying about that too. Or did they skate on this set if crimes? 
It's ridiculous that banks like #WellsFargo get away with crimes against their customers every single day with impunity.
Congress had them in for investigation what happened this should have been uncovered then senate messed up
Put the last three CEOs in jail.  It's the only thing these crooks understand.  A black man would see five years for smoking a joint.
How much more fraud will there be as Trump removes the financial safeties?
Are you at all concerned about the apparent criminal activities perped by Wasserman Schultz, James Comey, Hillary, and other Dems. or no?
The voters want these creeps punished severely.
When you see 1mil fake accounts at a major bank, it makes you question the system even more. The more I see the more upset I get.
Agree, this is bad but what about the fake voters?  Where is the indignation about that?
It was actually 1.4 million fake accounts, but who's counting? Just the latest in the never ending @WellsFargo spiral
What about the millions of dead democrats that still are voting, you working on uncovering that also? I guess that does not fit your agenda
Allowing illegal immigrants to break the law sets a precedent...Why so upset about Wells Fargo? #Laws
If you're still banking with Wells Fargo after massive scandal #3 (or is this 4?), you're not the brightest crayon in the box.
I know.  I wanna drop those fkrs @WellsFargo
Nothing to it. Drop em! They won't miss you because you are a small person in a sea of millions!
...np, we just our mortgage through them
How unfortunate for You! Good luck tho.
Now what are YOU going to do about it?
Don't they still have periodic state bank inspections , how could this not have been caught even on an internal level ... no accountability

America needs Senator Al Franken for PRESIDENT!!!
Lol
People with mortgages thru them should be able to transfer to another company w/out penalty or having to refinance.
Heads need to roll! 
And not one white collar gentleman will see a prison sentence for this.  Capitalism at its best, or worst?
Al, anyone going to prison? I may be cynical, but I see ppl in power who have committed crimes. IE:sessions, everybody waiting for Mueller?
Because people are just a conduit through which bankers can increase their PERSONAL wealth. It's so revolting and nobody ever goes to jail.
they have indeed been busy...
Don't you think that WF Board needs to be arrested and put in jail? Ignorance is not bliss when u steal our money! Pigs!
Thankfully most financial institutions do not conduct  business this way.  Esp, smaller community banks.
Surely they are nearly done with defrauding us?
CONVICT THOSE BASTARDS!!
Just one of the reasons I took my money out of WFB, as well as them investing in Big Oil.
I bet they all follow Trump 
Just like the "Fake" POTUS except Wells Fargo is going to get sued!
I've heard enough to know I'll be closing my accounts there on Tuesday.
Hmm... sounds like too much regulation. Better get a Republican on it, stat! (Please don't)
And so WHEN will some of these corporate CEOs do jail time for theft & fraud or is jail only for poor and middle class?? Money buys the law
WzFhas been emboldened by this Pres and Sec Mnuchin. What have we learned about the Republicans since they tried to make Obama fail?
No wonder my balance is always Negative lol
I quit Wells Fargo in BH 20 years ago for cheating on interest rates
Yup, and I worked for Wellsfargo during those times, and that's why I left !!!!!
Well, obviously, this is due to regulations that WF had to hide from. Lose the regs, and the problems go away! Duh!
I think it is time to take @WellsFargo apart.  No company is too big to be punished.
That is why their executives pronounce it "Well, fuck, yo"
You gotta love bankers. They're fun people. Always looking for ways to spice things up!
1M potentially* fake accounts. Not all accounts included in total were fraud. Doesn't excuse their actions, but don't gloss over facts.
Wells Fargo and the other bankers are the real looters. Screw the black guy stealing food in Houston. @TomLlamasABC where's your report?
Then f-Ing punish them!  Hold them accountable for their actions, ensure they are prosecuted & serve significant  jail time... deterrent
.Will Trump put the CEO in charge of Bank Fraud like Devos did with the CEO of devry?
Is anyone going to jail???
Wells Fargo@should be fined and shut down. Who the hell do they think they are?
When are they going to be forced out if business and put in jail?
Rather than a nurse in handcuffs, just once, I'd like to see a banker being put in a cop car. #nursesunite #WellsFargo #Trump #USA
Put bankers behind bars.

Wells Fargo. Where trump gets advice to make America great again.
I've done by bit by closing out my WF account.
Trump supporters: But lets slam and destroy BIG Guv'ment instead. Cause that whose really hurting American. Also MSM.  and lets #MAGA.SMH
It is time for this brand-name to be forgotten, at least for now.  Big business needs a lesson on what happens to those who breach ethics.
So what happens now?  Will any banker EVER go to jail for their dishonesty???
Why is Wells still in business? Clearly they can not be trusted while you're at it Bank of America does shady things as well.
Large corporations are just quasi-legal mafia? Who knew!
And yet, like the economic crash, no one responsible will go to jail. If you steal $50 you get 7 yrs. If you steal millions, you get a bonus
Corporations are not above the law and these actions should not be tolerated. How are we going to ensure that they are held accountable?
How about you send a message that we don't like continuous fraud and send some of these SOB's to prison this time?
And what penalty will the "too big to fail" pay? Guessing nothing.
Please make sure nobody faces any consequences. On a separate note, Senator Franken, do you accept money from Wells Fargo or Wall Street?
How is @WellsFargo still in business?  Credit Unions are the way to go
Great!  The only problem is we have a pro- deregulating president.
Lock 'em up!
When will these criminals be held accountable? I am losing faith in our government and country. I believe I hear Nero's fiddle playing...
They have been ripping people off for 30 years minimum.    My husband was a victim.
best thing to do? shut the bank down...
This bank still operating is a mystery 2me. Ppl are so fixated on 45 they don't realize they are being distracted not informed.
Not enough for CEO to resign. Federal authorities should be issuing subpoenas to Board Members.
The top people at #WellsFargo need to be indicted. Bankers need to go to jail. A democratic #House & #Senate would be good, too.
This is theft. Who's going to jail?
Yet Repubs advocate less regulation. SMH
Why are the executives held accountable?
Unfortunately #WellsFargo is too big to jail. Thank you for your continued work for justice.
So what are you gonna do about it? Truly curious.
You suck @WellsFargo ! #ripoff  
Is Trump nominating Wells Fargo CEO to run the Fed?
Al Franken would be a very thoughtful, decent president. He's a good man, and smart!
What WE have on Capital Hill is a Bunch of Corporate Lobbyists masquerading as Representatives who are only Legislating for the Rich!
No one has Gone to Jail to date @Wells Fargo Bank WHY!
Thank goodness we have a CFPB! Needs to be preserved and strengthened. #CFPB
I tnink all banks need to be audited!
This should be an ongoing process!
Hmmm, that's bank fraud. If I did that, I'd be going to prison.
After you indict & charge the decision-makers don't stop there fire the other lackeys who should have blown the whistle on these criminals!
It's not the employees it's the management team! They're the decision makers that led to this horrible mess at Wells Fargo!
Isn't it amazing how disconnected the CEO the CFO & the COO were doing all of this criminal activity!
Not surprised.
And what are you going to do about it?
Still not as many as fake Twitter accounts that follow Trump
Then why, might I inquire,, is Wells Fargo still around? I opened a checking account with them and they told me they have no record of it.
There's more to come!!! Dig deeper!! I know.
And no one will go to jail for stealing the people's money.
If I steal food I'll get locked up
#gop #dnc #POTUS #WellsFargo
Amazing to me that so many corporate "experts" insist on focusing on the wrong things and the wrong way. Creates a negative environment.
I've experienced this before.It creates a fake "competitive" environment where nobody can survive.Then the staff starts dropping like flies.
These ppl need to go to jail!!!! Only the poor do time! Sick of it! That's why they keep doing this-no real consequences
Why is Wells Fargo allowed to continue to to business?
Heads need to roll!
Why aren't the people involved being charged with fraud? Please explain.
It'll be ok...now that trumphole undid all the regulations......
Wells Fargo was just creating accounts to keep up with demand from all the inauguration attendees.
PLS DON'T FORGET THIS ....
TX FOR BEING YOU 
Firing more branch managers outta solve it
.@POTUS Franken what are you the new Bernie Sanders are we going to see your face I just vomited in my mouth
Why good Sir, is this continually legally allowed to happen? Fines are baked into the costs of doing business for these creeps. Act Now!
GOP WANT TO REMOVE CONSUMER BANK PROTECTION. Lack of protection caused the last financial melt down. PLAIN STUPID, PLAIN GREED
Maybe after Sessions per...er...prosecutes the women who laughed at him again, DOJ could look into pursuing actual criminals??!
Is someone getting arrested and charged for this?
Hey, Al, bring it up with St. Buffett next time he's standing next to Hillary.
If a nobody commits a small crime they go to jail. Will SOMEBODY (no low level employee) ever go to jail and pay for this massive crime?
Not 1 person will go to jail. It's all bitcoin's fault
And yet when has a Wall Street exec been held accountable and actually went to prison for his/her actions?
#HarrisFranken2020
Yet WF are still doing business. What are the penalties?
Pretty sure it's just as illegal as the previous number that was reported. Maybe they'll get another slap on the wrist... 
And their CEO left with company with 130 MILLION DOLLAR GOLDEN PARACHUTE. Way to 'get paid' for defrauding/stealing from the public!
That's crazy. What will happen to them?
#pleaserun2020! "Utahlovesyou! #manamongmen!
How is the bank still open? Why haven't you shut it down?
Their pens work great! I have 153 of them at home!
#WFCEOAndBoardNeed2Go2Jail
And why wasn't the CEO jailed? #GodsOfFrauds #TheSociopathicBusinessModel
Eric Holder's too big to fail policy, I think,which Obama supported. That's why no significant person or bank was prosecuted for 2008 crash.
hmmmm @WellsFargo
What would it take to revoke their Charter?
Where was their compliance department?
Thank you Sen. Franken for your service and leadership.
It never ends. Crooks
Until bankers face prison for this type of fraud this will continue.  Fining these companies is just a slap on the wrist
Break them up! Break them up! Lock them up! Lock them up! @GOP #GlassSteagall
Look into bankruptcy courts abuse of debtors
Please put someone in jail this time
They also ruined communities of color with bad mortgages, foreclosed homes, empty abandoned houses. #EastOrange #NJ #WellsFargo
45 only likes the businesses that con and don't get caught.
Must have been mistaken as a voter file operated by a democrat... #crooks
Your best counsel.senator.   is it wrong to destroy a bank by mass.movement of funds just because it has robbed millions...
Thank you, Senator, but we get this info from the media. What we'd like to know is what you & your colleagues plan to do about it.
Hey, don't make it seem that nobody ever goes to jail! We found the guy...
So naturally the GOP majority House voted to gut Dodd-Frank. Never met a regulation they liked.
@HighSierraMan I'm sure u agree it's crazy probably more people went to jail for stealing a car, a pizza, a donut than any Wells Fargo exex.
What would happen to one lone individual who did this? They'd lock him or her up and throw away the key. But a bank? #No accountability
We should probably repeal Dodd-Frank and gut the CFPB. I fear if we hold bankers accountable it could wreck THEIR financial system...
...and they only want what's best for us, right? Time for a perp walk.
How can I tell if I was a victim? Credit report?
We already know that. But what we don't know is way are their still operational, and not out of business?
What will you do Al??
We have a bigger fish to fry Senator....the big orange shit stain, remember him?
Al, you gotta go after them! Can't let them keep getting away with it. It's nonsense! No tough action has been taken against them. Get'em!
RUN IN 2020, AL...YOUR OUR ONLY HOPE.
YOU'LL RUN RINGS AROUND CARROT DEMON.
Greedy  criminal scoundrels. 

Wells Fargo needs to be shut down.
U were deciding to run for Sen. I emailed that in no way could Coleman beat you.  I was right, prophetically.  Coleman tried EVERY way.
And no one was convicted of a crime, to date.

And we still consider, Frank and Jesse James the Bad Guys.!   @WellsFargo
And none will face any charges
My 18 year old daughter was one of them. Now how is she supposed to rehabilitate her credit score?
Holy cow. They almost have as many fake accounts following them as Trump does.
Why do those executives not receive prison sentences?
Our watchdog agencies hard at work. Next thing you're going to tell me is the FDA approved a dangerous drug.
EXCLUSIVE: @realDonaldTrump As a hermaphrodite myself, born with sexes, I can go fuck myself and often do.

http://pjunkie1.blogspot.com 
Wells Fargo = GOP?
How many went to jail over that little episode?
@WellsFargoNews Comments?
If this was one person with a few accounts, it would be identify fraud. Corps want to be people? Prosecute them as such.
I am one of those ppl. I got a letter from Maryland about a #WellsFargo account.I don't live in Maryland,  still have the letter & waiting.
The head honchos who made the demand on staff should be prosecuted now! This is a system problem created and allowed to happen by managers!
@WellsFargo Execs need to go to jail like any other criminal, Al. The public deserves justice!
And yet CEOs collected bonuses and NO ONE IS IN JAIL.
We need #AFundamentalShift in how/why we do things #2SurviveWithoutFear #4ABetterWorld. 
Get rid of Citizens United NOW
"I'm not a crime fighter. I'm just a crime monitor. This was a crime." ~Sen Al
This crap HAS to stop!!! Senator Franken, please take this fraudulent bank to the dumpster for GOOD!!! This is so sickening!!!
Where's our bailout?!
I heard.  Isn't that some shit?  My nephew served 25 yrs of life sentence B4 getting a pardon from Obama for selling LSD to Deadhead friends
Closed my accounts today. There is No redemption. #GOP & @realDonaldTrump want to take away the few protections that exist.
Yep. made my husband open 8 for his business & now want him to set up a new one refusing to deposit his checks that have Inc on them
Take a GOOD LOOK at me Texans cuz this is what u have to look forward to #MortgageFraud #PredatoryPractices #ForbearanceFraud #FelonyForgery
What we need here is more deregulation in the finance industry.
.....and they still have a bank...what are you going to do other than fine them?
