And now, Trump Admin and @BetsyDeVosED say Ed Department will stop working with @cfpb to combat student loan fraud.
I'm very troubled by what's happening because the interests of students in Minnesota & our nation should come before fraudulent for-profits.
Ah, yes, vetting by the old "takes one to know one" school of criteria. Too bad we didn't vet for a good president. #Resist
Prerequisite for Trump Admin.
Par for the course with that one.
Sucks!
The crooks are running this country into the ground
One fraud hiring another fraud
Wow! How comforting to know 
Anything that ever had Obama's name on it is being turned back. I do believeTrump is so racist he is trying to erase the black president.
Surprised?
And her brother Eric Prince is talking privatizing overseeing the War
2/ They've never worked for an Honest day's pay N their lives! And they think THEY can tell US how we should live our lives & regulate us?!!
Of course they did.
At least we know it wasn't by intelligent design.
Seems fitting.
Oxy"morons"@BetsyDeVosED isn't qualified to oversee a college.
Weird. This seems so normal now
The most corrupt administration in US history!
#ParForTheCourse #LolMarALago
America loves drama. And con men. Destroying our educational system ensures people vote for flashy, not intelligent/informed.
Stop this.
When you pay to play and have a misguided agenda
Welcome to the Trump Administration Theatre of the Absurd
Greed,Russia,White Supremacist Racist,Gerrymandering,Haters of Obama...put Trump and his Clan in the WH!
That's the Trump style of deciding whom to appoint. Find someone who disagrees with the mission statement of the department,  hire them.
How in the HELL does that make sense to anybody with a functioning brain?!! I kept hoping this wouldn't happen but Nooo! More Cronyism/Swamp
No surprise. T picks the person who is most likely to destroy the agency that is their charge. DeVos is the most ignorant,incompetent ever.
This must stop our. Children are being dumbed down
And they are being stopped by.................
How is this destruction of our country being allowed to continue. So easy an idiot can do it
Well, I guess they figure he would know how to spot it. Makes as much sense as his other appointees.  The man is an imbecile.
The Motor City apologizes for The Betsy. Actually she's from Grand Rapids........
Takes one to catch one?
Every collage Dean defrauds the Students.
My surprised gland has shriveled up and died. @realDonaldTrump is a crook, a coward, and a fool. 

#IMPEACH45NOW
It just never ends with guy. "Get me the least qualified corrupt person for the job!" Every damn time.
Criminals shouldn't get WH appointments.
Nothing surprises me but the fact he's still sitting in office and our reps and mueller have done nothing to stop him.
It takes time Trina...we have to continue to be patient.
It's been 8 months time only gives him more power.
In the hopes that it takes one to know one?
Figures! Crooks love Crooks
Take a moment to watch.  It will make your day better.  #tyrantsalwaysfall
That's the quality of Trump appointees
You couldn't make this up?
Illegal Irony 

Could have been worse...they could have elected a "comedian" who was never really funny to Congress.
well looks like it's time for some CHECKS AND BALANCES
Every appointment is like that. He is destroying our government.
You gave your super delegate vote to Hillary Clinton  and your state went to Sanders in the primary. We will never forget Al.  Sanders 2020
AM constituent's hands r tied in a DC unbalanced justice system & nobody's phisical effort involved can do anything to make it rational work
@Aus_RichAlex @BetsyDeVosED That fits right in with Trump's Adminstration. 
@SenFrankel #SaveUs #SomebodyDoSomething #Resist
Yup...trump sure is draining the swamp.
That's called "experience." 
I'm a newly retired teacher, and this incompetent billionaire appointee has me spitting nails on a daily basis. Destroying public ed. So sad
THIS IS WHY WE CAN'T HAVE NICE THINGS.
that's cuz it takes one to know one, silly...
Making America Great Again!  Screwing students left and right.  Are sick of winning yet?  Thought we were supposed to be sick of winning.
Arrest them already!
Are these criminal charges-how are all theses crooks being allowed-oh wait stupid question @realDonaldTrump 
And still Congress won't act to remove this man from office. Corruption EVERYWHERE!
Can't make this up.
ugh.Please run
#ProtectDREAMers and #impeachNaziInChief
Sen. Franken, Hoping media, etc. doesn't believe current, supposed animus between Chump & Repubs! I believe it's all an act. #ReElectionPlay
I call her #CruellaDeVos #WaterIsLife #YEARSproject
Well I guess he'd know what to look for???? Maybe???
@SenFranken   please please please run for President and ask @KamalaHarris  to be VP.     PLEASE
DeVry Institute of Griftology
That's the TRump administration. Hire the worst possible people for the job!!!!  Flood that swamp!!!
OMG
Of course they did, do we expect anything beneficial to normal people? No.
Takes one to know one?  (said in jest, unfortunately)
Sounds about right.
All trump cares about is dismantling EVERYTHING from Obama! Fraud doesn't matter to them bc they are all con artists!
What can we do to relieve her of her official duties. Our childrens' educations are too precious to be in her hands.
Who better to know criminals then a criminal?
If he was found guilty or complicit in fraud case how is he a consideration for any post
Of COURSE he did.  ...and no one's really surprised. Sigh.
That sounds about right. In keeping with their current ridiculous appointments. Do they EVER stop ruining everything???
I'm surprised Trump didn't make Ted  Kaczynski head of the ATF.
I am really wishing this is all one big "you are being punked"! Civilization taking a step or twenty backward....
This needs to be called what it really is, "consistency."
This makes sense to idiots.
Well at least you can say he's consistent.
but that's a double negative which makes it a positive. All good @SenFranken
You can stop this @SenFranken
That does sound like Trump. Couldn't have a real investigator now could we? Oh, might uncover more Trump U trouble...
Everything he does is ass backwards!
I think he wants unqualified people to help him dismantle the government
Me too
It makes your head hurt even more when you say it out loud 
Can we get these people out? Now?  Please? They've made a mockery of us.
How low will he go No one in prison is even close
Trump nominated her within weeks of settling Trump “University” FRAUD case for $25M. Why would anyone be surprised?
Nancy to the fox, 'Here are the keys to the COOP!' #FrankenHarris2020 or #HarrisFranken2020
They're all the same stupid idoit criminal without a care or heart for anyone except themselves
When you have a gang made up of fraudulent bigoted elitists. You ain't going to recruit decent folk are you ?
They're all crooks and they're all in cahoots. They don't give a damn about people who aren't rich or wealthy
Seinfeld's bizzaro world!
Says it all - the foxes are in the henhouse
Al you should STFU. You have more than enuf baggage that could be exposed to the public, got it?
My husband graduated from DeVry. They're job placement is awful. He was a retd military vet using his Post 9/11 GI Bill. They love that $$$
Fire DE VOS!!!
Sounds right in line with everything our furor has planned to make America white, Errh, I mean Great again....
I'm shocked
The other guy they wanted to appoint was already in prison.
Maybe they should appoint someone from Trump University.
SHAME!!!
Typical Republican corruption! Who better to fight corruption -than a person that knows how to do it! What a concept!!
Of course she did... 
Betsy is Bagûrz, the snake of Mordor
In any other administration, this would be a scandal.  But just another day in the Trump administration. #DumpTrump
Unbelievable!
So would that be considered growth or proficiency?

Are you surprised? Isn't that her business model?
Takes one to know one I guess.
That sounds like most "schools" these days. Unless your Ivy League of course.
Of course they did. This way they can really rip students off!
I'd like to say I am surprised...but sadly am not. 
Agenda: Dismantle. 
Everything.
You cant make this crap up. She is a disgrace to the word education!
is that even legal?
He should know what to look for then....unfortunately....drain the swamp! Employing ex-cons...#makeDonaldDrumpfagain
I'm guessing he couldn't find a reputable person who would work for him.
#mindbogglingmadness
Makes sense to me that someone w/ no governing experience should take an exam?! How many celebs w/ a biz degree will jump in nxt go round.
I'm sure they believe that DOE will learn insider tricks to prevent fraud. Haha - just kidding. They totally went for the most corrupt one
This says it all.They want 2 dismantle the government & the evidence is in who is appointed to Cabinet level & below positions INCOMPETENTS
Franken, why is it that I have to go to school to be dr, lawyer, tax adjuster, but DJT learns how to make $ sparkly clean  & he's prez?
Calling DeVry a university is quite a stretch.
It is as if Willy Sutton was made a bank examiner.
Trump is looking for money going thru these agency to go thru his bank account That's why he appoints crooks.
Senator, if you wrote this in one of your books, everyone would say that it was too crazy to be believable.
and - your point - you think would be any different
When the majority of Americans would literally do the opposite of this corrupt regime on every issue, our democracy is being destroyed.
Corruption
Just like Don did at Trump U. Fraud, liars and thieves all stick together. Wastes of skin and air.
Greed knows no bounds.
Welcome to the trump WH. Buckle up. It's gonna be a bumpy ride.
@SenFranken thank you for being a sane voice in all of this mess. #keeptalking
This makes sense in a Trumpian/DeVos sort of way. To all rational people, it's as truly stupid as it sounds. Shame on her.
I'm sure those 2 will defraud in this office.. someone please #ImpeachTrump and #takepencedevoswithypruitsessionswithyou
Sound like #winning to me. #NotMyPresident .
And this should have never happened!
Sounds about right, GOOD JOB !
what the what?!!!
What are we going  to do? @GOP complicit in ruining Courtney with illogical irrational policies
This WTF moment was brought to you by the Trump Administration.
Mr. Fox, quite the resume, your mission statement on chickens "kill! Destroy! EAT!" is eye catching, you're hired! Let me show you the hens
It's as if he seek out the people who definitely should not hold a government position to be head of that office!
Classic Trump!
Of course they did. 1 step at a time Trump & cohorts r dismantling our gov't. Every position has been given 2 ppl who oppose what they do
Of course they did.  It's how they roll--leaving a slime trail behind.
Of course
Part of their goal of monetizing all education.


That's like asking #Trump to keep pageant competitors safe from intruders to their dressing room! #PervertInChief
Just as he appointed the guy who wanted to eliminate the Dept of Energy (when he remembered it) to the Dept of Energy. It's a joke to him.
I don't think hiring an honest person is even on Trump radar. Quite the opposite. Can't have whistle blowers
Hopefully one day she will just go away like 45"s other picks but probably not She is as stupid greedy as him
DeVosEd is a fraud. Not a stitch of educational background. Only fighting public education
...on behalf of a president who ran his own fraudulent "university."
This is the Frank Abernathy school of thought? Hire worst offender to investigate the others. Except, they have no leverage over this guy.
Hehe! But they're such bumbling monsters. I have a hard time believing they can execute a deliberate plan beyond smash-and-grab.
I could grudgingly respect such well executed evil. The alternative of dangerous ineptitude is way scarier.
Truly thru the looking glass.
@fight4women @BetsyDeVosED Fox is guarding the hen house! @GOP is disgusting gang for approving her!
Let's not forget about the trump tower server contacting Alfa bank-93% and 7% to Devos and/or brother Prince before the election
Well I guess they're trying to use a crook to catch a crook, this is one seriously fucked up administration that doesn't have a clue
Like flies on shit.
@POTUS @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @GOP @DNC @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @VP @IvankaTrump
Can't make this stuff up. It just gets crazier by he minute; he purposefully appoints people to what they despise, so they can wreck it.
Of course they did.
#IdiotDeVos

Now that's how we drain the swamp -- not!
Its a house of cards in real life! This administration and @GOP should fly to Puerto Rico immediately!
meanwhile, 20% of americans voted to make the dean of another fraudulent university the @potus.
Waiting for Trump to announce Philip Morris CEO will be our new Surgeon General.  This Administration is corrupt AF.
Par for the course
Our @POTUS did the same thing and it wasn't disqualifying so what's your point?  #idiocracy #swampthedrain
Takes a crook to know a crook
She's a crook,he's a crook! That's all he seems to hire. Unqualified, greedy,crooks just like him. Appalling way to run a government!
Anyone else would be completely out of character.

Takes a crook to know a crook
Block him!
Would you expect anything less from someone who ran a fake university and defrauded students himself?  Please remove The Donz.  #UnhappyDays
Perfect appointment dwn here in the rabbit hole.Trump et al haven't only hijacked  democracy They've turned reality inside out & upside down
Classic
Why does this not surprise me?
Kakistocracy
Next will be hiring someone from VW to investigate auto fraud
Sounds logical to me - for the Repuglican party, that is.
Takes one to know one...?
Yes, that's like letting the fox guard the henhouse, or criminals asking for less cops and surveilance so they can rob everyone.
I guess he figures it takes one to know one.
