@EuphorbiaZ keep em honest Senator!!
@SenSanders @SenWarren @SenSchumer @SenGillibrand 

Do not let up on the Russia connection.
@MarthaCutter 
I'm still amazed that Trump is allowed to hide his taxes!!!
Yeah but there's no law that prez have to show them.  Maybe there should be. l #Showusyourtaxes, #Trump baby!
U asked him if he had contact w/ Russians regarding a Trump Presidency. He did not and answered as such. This is slanderous Al.
They ALL lie! I'm not a Minnesotan but I am just as proud to have you in the Senate, sir.  Keep up the good work.
@Pastafarian1964 Need 2 mention his interference in TX elections this May in directing @JusticeDept 2 rescind opposition 2 TX ID
When did Russia become our enemy, Weird Al?
Sessions lied and should be forced to resign, immediately.
If Gen Flynn was fired for misleading the Vice Pres, surely, Sessions should be fired for misleading the American People.
That goddamn southern-fried vampire garden gnome!
God forbid anyone should ever talk to a diplomat from Russia. Why are they here then? #idiot #politics #libcrib
.@SenFranken Sessions is using the argument of a 12yr old- "I didn't know what you meant."
it is the republican way. Lies and hypocrisy.are the cornerstones of the republican party of today.We are judged by our actions.
"Troubled" is not enough here.  They chanted "lock her up". Don't bring a knife to a gun fight.  He must resign.
as did a lot of senators.
is it true you used cocaine while on SNL?
This Administration believes in Russia, more than America. They are money and power hungry☆
I think you might be suffering from some sort of mental illness you really act weird and say goofy stuff show us the proof
@Lnonblonde I so trust you, Senator! Thanks for asking the best questions..Bon tomorrow
I Support @SenFranken In His Many Endeavors. In This Case, Attorney General LIED Responding To His Question During Confirmation
Clear cut lie .. no grey area; I support and  respect Senator Franken
Sessions forgot about wishing the Russian Ambassador and his family a Merry Christmas... just like Flynn.
Sessions denies any wrong doing. I'm sure there is a recording of the Russian Amb reporting back to the Kremlin
So did dozens of democrats=normal but he did not sell our uranium to Russia while Bill profited. Which is worse?
GRRR! Had contact like so many of the rest of you guys.  Does that mean all of you are going to resign?  Your bias is insulting.
impeach dems, they are useless
CALL A LIE A LIE. This is perjury. How can he enforce the law when he breaks it?
show me the proof
Not troubled that obama wire tapped Trump Towers? You say that's ridiculous...remember when he wiretapped the AP reporters?
yea he should be as honest as the last two to hold that position way to be a partisan hack Franken
very troubled and delusional liar AL Franken continues to serve in the Senate.
.@SenFranken: "he explicitly told me that he had not been in contact with Russian officials in the course of the presidential campaign."
.@SenFranken: "It's clearer than ever now that the attorney general cannot, in good faith, oversee an investigation…
"…at the Department of Justice and the FBI of the Trump-Russia connection, and he must recuse himself immediately."
awesome, but he needs to take the line that if Sessions can't recuse, he must resign.
You made @jeffsessions point. "In the course of" grasp the English language. He met doing job as US Sen.
Not as part of campaign. @SenFranken owes @jeffsessions apology for not understanding his own words. SLANDER!
His exact words were: "I did not have communications with the Russians."
I am very glad to see you are getting in your old line of work as A COMEDIAN.I got biggest laugh out of your accusation that
I am very glad to see 
Jeff Sessions was collaborating  with the Russians.  In today's world it's really nice to have a good
Very troubled Democrat party is trying to destroy our country so it can be taken easily by Islamists for sharia implementation.
There is SO MUCH MORE involved in this !!  #wakeup
That leopard, Sessions, will change his spots to prison stripes. His penchant for lying was exposed 40+yrs ago.
He's a sell out to this country. He must go
@DNC @NancyPelosi @THR @bfraser747 @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems @GOP @amnestyusa @NobelPrize @AP @MiceeMouse @adjunctprofessr @WSJ @FoxNews
That is called. #Perjury Senator, they like to #CallItLikeItIs
Every Judge I know find it extra troubling since he changed gears into "witness testimony" and really forgot your real question
and trump is on video saying he knows putin, then says he doesn't know putin.  Unacceptable LIES
Perjurer General Sessions needs to resign. Let Courts untangle his lies "under oath" where documents/ facts decides
OMG isn't that perjury?  I heard that was a crime or was there a dispensation for GOP
You were GREAT, though. Persistent and exactly the right amount of pressure.
first AG Sessions, then Steve Bannon.
@ColMorrisDavis SAD!
@ColMorrisDavis Get over it you lost, now you all see your bleak political future in 2018 and create Fake News
Al, either he lied again when said he did not understand your question,  OR, he is too stupid to be the AG, he needs to resign!
@ColMorrisDavis is it okay to be troubled, yet kinda giddy?
The "troubling" aspects to this story continue to pile up.
Jeff Sessions used campaign funds to travel to convention meeting he said was part of official Senate business https://www.wsj.com/articles/jeff-sessions-used-political-funds-for-republican-convention-expenses-1488509301 …
@SuelouiseS I want to thank u Sen Al Franken for asking during this process of acceptance.
There are a lot of us who are troubled.
Troubled? That putting it mildly. PS (Loved Stuart Smalley) Im that old.
Geez Senator you think? He admitted that he did so he perjuried himself. Now comes the rational from him why he lied.
keep it up Al u have r support!
is leading the hit job on the honorable Jeff Sessions. Why wasn't he calling for recusal of Loretta Lynch? What a hack!
saddened that majority of republicans have no issue with this.
<---Look #SNL is saving us still/again! TY @alfranken  #TinaFey @melissamccarthy #LorneMichaels
please senator get to the bottom of this don't give up it's a disgrace what this president is doing
his testimony appears to have been lies, and he appears to be a lying liar who tells them!
You won't win this battle! We will drain the swamp of democrats one by one!
Oh, I'm sure you are! Oh, but why were you NOT concerned about Hilary laundering money thru the Clinton Foundation? #Pizzagate
freedom for all except people who talk to Russian. I can see your banned list: Russia, China, Iceland and Germany. Snl reject
This is as Bizarre & Insane as it gets & how R @VP & @GOP quiet about this is SHOCKING! They R Covering Up Treason! #Unpatriotic
I'm more troubled by what Democrats are doing to our country,we want Dems investigated too,Iran,taxes,etc
how many more did?Now Jared and Trump didn't know.Meetings took place at Trump Tower? Come on. They are insulting us. Seek truth
we are troubled too, please double down on a Russian investigation.
It's BS.  I'm a #ColdWarBoomer, so meeting East Europeans and Russians are memorable events even now.  Sessions must think we're stupid!
know shit?
he need to RESIGN
Please! Where was your worry about Holder? Obama's side deal with Iran? And then there is Hillary! Where was your worry??
just like hilary
Ok, how long is this guy going to cry about it?
@Resistance_of45 Thank you,  Senator Franken for leading the way in this investigation.
@danrivermama 
He's just one of many and the Trump Administration.
of course hes a treasonous idiot whose idea of "the best people" were themselves a gaggle of other treasonous idiots!
its absolutely ludicrous! Who, 4 years ago, saw Trump on the apprentice and thought : honest, trust worthy, wouldnt sell out USA
@notmypresidentU #perjury #trumprussia. Not only should he resign, he should be disbarred -unconscionable act. The people know!
Funny didn't see you say a word about Hillary selling Uranium to the Russians. Typical liberal with double standards. No morals
what a lying pos
This is a lie, and you know it, Senator Franken.  YOU KNOW IT.
@AUkeibro Franken 2020 - go get 'em Al!!
@sandrastephens Thank you Senator Franken for always being prepared and asking there pertinent questions.
I'm very troubled that your in Government.
adore you! So happy it was YOUR question he lied about. Of course didn't want him in charge but this is SO TELLING. FRANKEN 20
@KathyStricker2 You are a rock star 
You set him up, he lied, u nailed him. I tip my hat to you sir. History will call you an American hero. #resist
then DO something about #Sessions because #SessionsMustResign and be charged with perjury, and we need a #SpecialProsecutor NOW
please do not let up on this. America is very troubled as well!!
Thankful you asked the questions you did in the confirmation hearings. Really thankful.
why won't you call it what it is, perjury. If under oath I were to lie about a material fact, it would be perjury. Done.
It's time for crooked politicians to start seeing the insides of jail cells, starting with Sessions. Trump can join him.
The Russian Official, Sergey Kislyak, was a Washington spy/recruiter.  Did they freeze McCarthy??
The whole administration is compromised and the Republicans would rather look away than address this tyranny.
He recused Senator now let's get him to resign.
AG Loretta Lynch secret meeting with Bill Clinton never troubled you. #JeffSessions  #Russians  #DemHypocrite
Please tell me that there is movement on this. No one else on the Armed Services Committee met with the Russians.
He must #RESIGNED now!!!
@NatalieBGoldman Putting on a hat is not becoming an active member of a campaign. Let me introduce you to the word "endorsement"
I'm troubled that you can't stop spewing the Dem talking points. Get to work for MN. Where r u at on the Twin Metals leases?
give em hell Al. #resist
@bcarrz Wait til you see HIS Russian sex tape.
if you're saying a Lie is a Lie then everyone in the Congress need to Resign! You're all worthless Garbage
since we the people want an investigation into Obamas relationship with Muslim brotherhood let's look at your involvement too!
you are now the captain of the titanic
get rid of sessions. GOP must not win this fight if right and wrong. They Are wrong about this.
troubling indeed.
@Kaptin_KangaRuz No he must resign!!! Anything less is unacceptable.
The  creature wants the office at any and all cost, to heck with integrity, decency, and moral, he's a reprobate Republicans
@puppymnkey THEY DON'T KNOW THE MEANING OF  TRUTH! THE ENTIRE GOV'T IS CORRUPT AND IT DOESN'T LOOK LIKE IT WILL BE CHANGING
'in other words,' an opponent might say, 'resolve your intellect into a kind of slush.' LOL @JinxyMojo #truth
why would he start the statement with i have been called a surrogate, first if he did not mean no contact as a surrogate?
sure it was a poorly worded answer, but it is pretty easy to see the connection.
He lied under oath. He should be prosecuted.
America's tiring of the Democrat's Russian conspiracy theories. Just accept the fact that you lost b/c of a crappy candidate!
Respectfully, Get your facts right Sen. Franken.  Your constituents deserve truthful work without manufactured drama.
He didn't talk to the Russians ABOUT the 2016 election. He talked to them DURING the election...concerning unrelated matters!
Your question was what would he do if someone in campaign had contact.....He went out of his way to commit perjury
Troubled?  Call for his resignation!
Well, lying hasn’t been an offense that carries any consequences in Washington since 1996, so whats to stop them?
hopefully rule of law but don't hold your breath on that one lok
I would have though so, but Bill, George, and Barak all got away with it scott free.
idk if it comes close to collusion with our enemy though right? Is it even a comparison? Treason comes to mind.
Collusion is bad enough on its own, but lying under oath is impeachable for anyone. Not worthy of the public trust.
totally
You and me both
We knew [he] was a snake before you [not YOU] took [him] in
@bitburner I think it's more troubing that the senate approved his nomination.
he lied to you!  Perjury.
Sessions didnt answer question when asked during conf hearings if he would investigate WH & Russian meddling. "Can't comment".
with all this mounting evidence of Trump and his selected team being tied to Russia, why is there no investigation?
Are Senators LEGALLY required to document all meetings (ambassadors) in their records and calendars? #Trump #Russia #Sessions
Does it matter, if you say under oath that you did not meet, but you did? #Sessions
what are you going to do about his perjury ?
Keep investigating Keep being a voice! #Stronger together !
he needs to dissappear. He has the balls to say "good people don't smoke Marijuana" are you fucking kidding me...
Why are you being so dishonest about your question?
sessions unfit to be AG.
you lying SOB. He did not lie, you did not ask the appropriate question. Your question was regarding campaign staff.
very troubled by this :  selling out the will of the people.  ps. I don't trust your judgement
Why is @SenFranken concerned about contact w/Russians?  Does he think he missed a payday?
It denied you further inquiry under oath into nature of the talks.  He must resign, can't have a perjurer as Attorney General.
Statements claim he didn't understand the question. How the F**k can you B AG if U don't understand a simple & direct question??
Then there is Sessions voluntary answer 2 ur question. Sessions served up his lie under oath w/o being asked abt his involvement
So if I can mislead the judge under oath, the judge should forgive me. Yeah that's makes America Great. #Sessions
par for the course. I'd be more surprised if he hadn't.
call it what it is: PERJURY. You got this one!
so are we! please don't back down - we need honorable Senators like yourself to make sure these treasonous DT officials are gone
Trump appointments went to those who Trump could easily manipulate with promises of power/prestige.  Look at Flynn +now Sessions
Will you be adding an addendum to "Lies and the Lying Liars Who Tell Them" ?  #FireSessions #TrumpRussia #Kremlingate #Resist
Thank you for asking the important questions, and please don't stop, despite their subterfuge and lies.
... and this one too: "Trading places"
You've probably been asked this a lot, how DID you know to ask him that question?
I like this better: "Stuart Saves His Family"
@realDonaldTrump, Sessions and the whole cabinet worked with Russia to rig the election. #impeachtrump
#JeffSessions was a Senator then. I guess Senators should never meet w/any ambassador even though it's part of the job. NOT!

@laureldavilacpa #StopPresidentBannon
I think it's clear #JeffSessions answered your question. Perhaps you should have asked, "have you ever".  #NoPerjury
@PurlLeslie any chance Al will run for Prez?  Love that guy!!
It's more than troubling, this Russian collusion with the tRump party should be considered an act of war against the US
@girlsreallyrule get em mr. Franken.
Real question: who can actually bring charges against the AG, when/if enough proof of perjury is uncovered?
asked your question in context of campaign. Now you're just lying about it #recuseyourself
dangerous deliberate and terrifying
send him to jail for perjury, Senator!
I would be more than troubled, sir!  Time to get rid of him!  Time to get a special prosecutor.
You are lying Senator  Another fake scandal?  The world see right thru the Dems and the media. Afraid  Sessions might look at u?
Good job senator!
To let it go w/o accountability would be not only troubling, but an outrage.
and why was a Russian spy/Ambassador at the RNC to begin with? Consulting? Voting?
You should be. And you should call for his RESIGNATION not just recusal. Dems need to play hardball, not roll over. @UniteBlue
THAT IS CALLED PERJURY
I know you are ALL ABOUT SEEKING TRUTH! LMAO at you and the mentally ill libs..
