@gem326 This only a witch hunt to people who have no american values. This is the worst presidency ever.
GOP was responsible 4 vetting Trump(2015 thru GOP Convention). Gulliani knew of FBI investigation of DT last July
Well that explains it all the house and senate is controlled by who??
Gulliani & McCain admitted knowing of FBI's Russia-DT investigation. Trumpists blocked brokered convention 7/16/16
Giuliani and McCain two of the finest examples of the great American weasel you can find in nature. Should both probably be in a zoo
The American hero McCain who was a POW is long gone and what we have in his place is a partisan controlled by his donors. That IS TRULY SAD
Well Senator Leahy, your chance is Tuesday.  Please make it an open hearing. Sessions is a danger to our sovereignty.
The circus is OVER folks. The time has come to investigate REAL crimes: Hillary,  Lynch, Holder, Lerner, Rice and OBAMA
Nothing expresses GUILT so CLEARLY as this!
#FakeNews strikes again!
Please help us. Please. This isn't funny anymore.
Never was. I hate that our lives are being used like The Apprentice. Tired of all the cliff hangers. Persisting, but this isn't entertaining
So true. Even the wording is from TV - instead of Shark Week we have Infrastructure Week - please make it stop!!! #SessionsMustResign
And "there may be tapes." I'll tell you at a later date. NO. Tapes or no. Taxes or no.
Loretta lynch used the 5th amendment not long ago.
You must really dislike him
Clearly Sessions is guilty. An innocent person wldn't hesitate 2tell his story. @realDonaldTrump, another of ur "best and brightest"! SHAME!
RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA,  just stop.we don't care about Russia.  Healthcare,  taxes, jobs....stop obstructing
because an appropriation meeting is for that. Swaggering off into Russia stalls our budgeting and hurts america oh u hate america got it
I'm starting to wonder if the AG should be elected, not appointed
True.  If we elect state AG's, why not federal?  And exposing crimes in high places makes it all the more imperative.
Yes, but we elected a majority of Republicans to both house and senate, refusing to call out Trumps corruption and BS.
All the more reason not to have an appointed AG in his corner.
This was not an issue before the GOP became so corrupt and the minority elected a pres that they knew was totally corrupt
The minority? And russia! Who won the popular vote by 3 mil votes?
Hillary Clinton won the popular vote. And over 10 million more people voted against trump than for him.
now thinks he is Sherlock Holmes on Intel Com when he is a mere appropriator in pork barrel. Get over it Senator. @joewmiller
Please get @SenFranken invited to Intell Panel questioning Sessions! @MarkWarner @SenKamalaHarris @SenFeinstein @SenSchumer
You are a FOOL
Sounds to me like he has something to hide.
Is it possible that the AG of the US can refuse to testify? He has lied from the start & needs to resign.
Does the AG have the authority to pick and choose which committee to testify before?  Looks like Congress is subordinate to the admin.
He t
AG Sessions is guilty of multiple crimes and cannot be called upon as a credible witness because he'll lie and/or plead the 5th.
Time for subpoenas. You're dealing with the most corrupt WH so stop playing nice and wasting time.
I expect subpoenas to start flying around all over the place very soon, with all kinds of big wigs lawyering up and taking the Fifth.
Let's hope!
I'm feeling more hopeful now than I did during the first half of 2017, but the next 18 months are definitely going to be "interesting times"
Agree 2 some extend. It's become evident to me GOP will NEVER impeach.  Time for Mueller to go after criminal activity as well. #GetHisTaxes
If hes not one of them
Mueller's top notch. Question is will he dismissed as well?
I'm pretty sure that hard evidence to prove Trump/Russian collusion rigged the 2016 election will surface but can't predict how or when.
Maybe it's time for Sessions to go also! How do we have a liar in his position still holding said position?
When did lying on your SF-86 and committing perjury in front of a senate hearing become ok Senator Leahy? Thought we were a nation of laws?
Until subpoena he won't! He may not follow the law but he surely knows he is in jeopardy!
He needs to be held accountable.
Gee, how shocking! The little weasel can't take it!
we already kno he comitted perjury!
Please keep the pressure on.  The level of corruption is a dire threat to our democracy.
Yes! Do not back off for one second! Trump will not last if the battle for truth/ethics keeps up the pressure because there is so much rot
And if it was a DEM, 1 and they would be calling for resignation and time in prison
Wow. You are so biased old man. That's how all Dems are though, & still pushing yr false Russian narrative I see. Quit wasting taxpayer $$!
he is a coward and the worst AG in United States history
Seems maybe you're not remembering some of our past AGs. Alberto Gonzales, for example, who somehow managed to be even worse than Ashcroft.
I thought no one could be worse than Gonzales. Boy was I wrong.
Why don't you go pick him up, and bring him "downtown " to answer questions? That's how it works with criminals,  right?
Do you have one of those special subpoena pens?   Use it.  It's better than Twitter for getting answers.
Can you let us know when Don the Con Trump will resign and go away so America can get back to being Great like it always was before Trump?
Why is he not held in contempt
Please keep at it, Senator. AG Sessions will have to face justice eventually. Thank you for defending our democracy.
Guilty folks do things like that. What innocent man hide, lies and "conveniently forgets" so consistently?
Issue a subpoena or cite him with contempt of Congress & JAIL him till he "gets it" We cannot allow anyone to be above the law!
Efing Keebler Elf loser.
For him to repeatedly cancel is a clear sign that he's complicit or knows more than he wants to know. End result? He's sweating bullets.
And they fired all the fed prosecutors just2fire Preet B. & not make it seem like it was the real reason. Who did they fool? Nobody!!!!
Can you question him on Tuesdsy ehen he's supposed to testify?  I imagine he'll lie like he's done before. Once a perjurer, . . .
You don't have to let him get away with this. In fact if you catch him you'll get a bucket of gold.
Got any questions @Sen_JoeManchin for "your" AG now?
#alternativefacts
why didnt you Q hillary and John Podesta for lobbying to lift Russian sanctions? Thats the crime.
He'll never flip on Trump. At least not if he wants to go back to Alabama.
Hmm mm what do we call someone who tells and repeats a lie? Dare we ever say liar?
Why are these actions condoned?  Does his position give him carte blanche to do whatever he damn well pleases? With no accountability?
How has all of this happened? My leaders sleep 
Because he's an angry elf with a habit of lying though his tiny little teeth.
Yes. But, Sessions will not be around long. Trump needs to replace him with an AG hot reclused to take over investigations and undermine it.
WE DEMAND A PUBLIC HEARING!!!
Else HE MUST RESIGN!!!
#SessionsIsGuilty @jeffsessions lied,lied again,then lied again. Time for his resignation or prosecution
The question is what can and are you willing to do about it? Are you also afraid of @realDonaldTrump? Does the Senate have any power anymore
Demand public hearing!!!!
What are you going to do about it? So far I've heard/seen nothing but complaining about it. The Senate is abdicating its responsibility.
We need sensible powers that be to take over & stop this corruption. Why is everyone so blind and willing to let Russia get away with this?
Subpeona him!! Apparently he has a lot to hide if keeps cancelling! He needs to resign!
Elections are rigged! How will that help? 
@SenatorLeahy needs to subpoena @jeffsessions
Senate can't let him get away with this.  America demands to know what kind of jeopardy are country has been put in. NO ANSWERS, NO PEACE!
Don't give up!
I wouldn't talk to you either that's why you have the nick name leaky leahy
Wow, if only there were some co equal branch of government with the power to asset itself.

Oh, well. Guess we'll never know.
How does he get to do the cancelling? Can you guys just suppoena him already??
Recusal reversal seems to be quite popular...Sessions & Nunes- both in positions to provide max chaos in key areas...
Why would he resign if he's guilty... he'd only leave himself open for trouble. Better to ride it out. He won't resign he's knee deep in...
Coward.
Why is this acceptable?
Get 'em, Pat!
Did he cancel again? No Tue show?
He is a threat to this country in several ways. His views are backward & he is dirty. He's gotta go.
How do we get him to lie to pence?
Formidable, precious Sen Leahy....this is why the South lost the war!
Is "false testimony" a euphemism for "perjury"?
Weasel
Oh oh !
Hmm..makes a person wonder, doesn't it.
I think he thinks becathey were senate colleagues he can get away with stuff like that. Nay nay, ain't gonna work.
Wow, spell check don't fail me now.
LOL...
Charge him with perjury. He lied during his confirmation and was given a second chance to make good and now it seems he lied again.
Sessions should be gone by now, this is getting ridiculous.
grrr!! taking cues from his boss
Who's the coward???
What is he afraid of?
C
O
W
A
R
D
#Sessions #LyingAG
No surprise here.
But is that the right place to question him on such matters?
Maybe you can get the Plus 1 deal that Sen. McCain got to question Mr. Comey.
I'm not surprised
Not sure why it's not being reported more: Jeff Sessions refusing to attend Tuesday's Hearing.
Liar
@MikeKlineDSB 
Poor baby ... Patience, patience !!!
Give you you more time to confabulate !!!
He's a coward a damn Beaty eyed coward
get out SUBPEONAS FOR ALL.
What's he hiding? And why is he hiding it? Hmm...
How about a subpoena?
Sessions is a yellow-bellied coward who is putting his party and his career before the Constitution he swore an oath to protect.
The power brokers, think that #TheResistance would've given up by now. It's a new era, let it rain on those that will oppress
Real threat2 #Trump: exposing his long-term business deals w/ #MoneyLaundering/#Russia $ linked to #Putin https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/trump-biggest-scandal-us-history-he-tool-russians-both-frydenborg … #Comey
Can he be forced to testify before a committee with jurisdiction, like yours?
What is the consequence, if any, for not complying with the recusal?
Разбудите меня,когда вам надоест
Why Is He STILL AG? IF U LIE UNDER OATH, Aren't U PROSECUTED? Spineless GOP.  I'm Sick Of 1 Set Of Rules 4 US & 1 Set 4 GOP! He Lied 3 Times
Why is appearing at hearing voluntary for #AG? Would it be voluntary for any other #American that provides false testimony? I think not....
because you are on a witch hunt..  fishing.  #ImWithSessions. #NoCollusion #LookingDumb
And English?
Subpoena.
What is the BEST, most effective way that we can help? That we stand behind our Dem officials & support their efforts?
Maybe he's cancelling because, unlike the Dems, he's doing real work. Dems are only working on a fake conspiracy theory & obstruction.
Maybe Sessions should resign or would he rather go to jail for perjury? You pick, Sessions!
He knows he's guilty. His strategy? Deny deny deny
Go on a talk show and raise a stink.
Can you subpoena him or hold him in contempt?
he SHOULD have resigned. Him and that other slime heafed dip shit signed off on Comey firing. Hiw could he when he recused?
This whole administration is above the rules and laws, and if they aren't they'll change whatever is necessary to make it so.
Scandalous behavior to be sure....
What's the problem, obviously the strategy is to stall to continue supporting Trump's corrupt  plans
What a coincidence, huh?
tRump, Sessions & buddies do exactly whatever they want..whenever! NO repercussions cuz GOP rules & protects them. GOP=Party b4 Patriotism
It's almost as if he has something to hide
#Sessions was in like #Flynn!!  http://thehill.com/homenews/news/337313-aclu-no-reason-for-sessions-to-testify-behind-closed-doors …
Coward.
Please stay on him, @SenatorLeahy - we need his testimony on the record.
Sessions is a liar&should resign He committed perjury.With the possibility of a third RUSSIAN meeting,he could be out,I hope.
I don't understand why he can't be made to testify publicly so his answers are under oath & public record? This is getting ridiculous!
hey it takes time to conjure up a story, use DOJ resources to fabricated why he's not guilty of treason
Why nothing was done about those "false testimony" (aka perjury) is what I'm wondering about
But is his recusal legally binding? If so what law would he break? Ethics violation? That's a joke to Republicans.
AG Weasel Sessions is almost as dangerous as Trump
Then file the charges. No shoes drop until you drop a shoe. They control narrative until you make legal move @AGSchneiderman @PreetBharara
He's can't get over how bad the food will be in prison. I'd postpone too!
What can be done? What can we do as regular citizens?
What are you going to do about it?
What can be done?
What's the next step? Subpoena?If he had nothing to hide, he'd testify like Comey did. Period. Same with the president, when's he going to?
Nothing to hide???
Sessions ought to be forced to wear a Foghorn Leghorn costume when testifying, seeing as he's a giant cartoon chicken.
Hey leave Foghorn Leghorn outta this! The little bigot needs a confederate army uniform.
Use the strength of your position to force him. No more playing footsies. Get him.
Keep kicking them in the 'nads, Sir!
THAT'S WHAT LIARS DO!!  THEY AVOID HEARINGS AND PUBLIC TESTIMONIES BECAUSE THEY ARE GUILTY AND sessions IS VERY, VERY GUILTY ON ALL COUNTS!!
.thank you Senator Leahy for trying to get to the truth.
How do you recuse yourself half heartedly?
What is your response-tears and slaps on his chest?
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS HANG HIS ASS OUT TO DRY!! Trump wants to talk obstruction when his AG obstructs on a daily basis?!
Completely unacceptable. Our system of checks and balances is broken.
Getting warmer....
He's just delaying the inevitable
Im more interested in hearing what you will do about it?
Because he is a perjurer and a traitor
What about subpoena?
False testimony compels you to do what, exactly?
Stop messing around an #subpoena him
if Rosenstein shows up you can ask him about what lead to the letter and if he took a loyalty oath?
#subpoena!
He 'high-tailed' it outta there , didn't he!
It almost as if he has something to hide this whole admin is hiding something. Surely they're  inept but it wreaks of corruption
So...?? The dude that's perjured himself and recused, reinstated himself from Russia, gets 2 change questionably legal procedures at will?
He who has nothing to hide is willing to answer questions at an Appropriations Committee hearing.
Can a senator subpoena the AG to testify?
He's going in front of intel committee-You know Senators that arent drunk at work
AG Sessions needs to recuse himself from all dealings with DOJ = RESIGN. cc: @SenSchumer @SenWarren @SenGillibrand
It seems he hasn't got his side of the story made up just yet!
Why is he in charge of cancelling?
Sessions is never going to testify.
Probably right. But #MondayMorning is coming... gotta wait & see. Hopefully if not, it'll tick off the entire group & we'll see action #hope
that's cause he cant find any bushes to hide behind.
Nice to see how fair n balanced you are!

If you had proof he lied you'd be using it to destroy him right now. How about working to improve the lives of your voters?
Find a proxy on the sen intel committee to ask him? Might not be open session though.
People with nothing to hide don't behave like this. Sessions is a clear & present danger to our nation.
Arrest the elf! #JeffSessionsResign Gnomes get special privileges in prison if they r willing to stand very still in the garden.
He wouldn't be obstructing or interfering with the investigation would he?
Can't u force him to testify?
Sessions a little coward. Have subpoena served to him. You'll find him hiding under his desk.
Jeff Sessions is a traitor & a coward.
Protect the Republic and uphold the Constitution! 
GO GET THE TRUTH! Trump & the GOP don't seem to care about whether our top officials are corrupt and subject to Russian interference.
There's a remedy for that. It starts with an S and if he doesn't comply have those nice people with the silver bracelets pay him a visit
Go PATRICK!! Take back our country!!
#TheResistance
So why do you.keep letting him get away with it? Supeona him or else you're his enabler.
The Repulsivcans, DT & all involved with are shady, manipulative, lying cowards. Keep chasing them and do everything to rid US of them.
Witch Hunt! Your on a WITCH HUNT! Grow up
Keep trying. He can't dodge you forever.
Jefferson Beauregard Sessions is a coward as well as a liar.
He's definitely hiding something. Don't let him get away with it.
There is no Russia.  I guess you fell asleep during the Last two hearings.  Our votes counted
