If only you and the Democrats in the Senate could do something , like introduce a bill or something.
Thank you Al. So thankful that you are our Senator. Keep fighting for us.
Can we stop pretending this guy is not nuts?
@EveNoelleStone @POTUS Thank you Senator. I don't want tax $ spent on rediculous vote fraud claim. Invest Intel Russia evidence.
@paganchild yes will b wasting taxpayer $ with the wall
is it possible these r intentional dekes to divert from important issues that need challenge? Alt facts - alt right!!
Why not? So far, we have 3 ppl in his immediate circle who are registered in two states.
and 50 illegal deligates that votes for him
Exactly. Congress needs to get their "cahonas" on.
But, it gives us reason for one heck of a class action suit against the person who put him on this track
Ask countries outside U.S. to divest. It worked to fight Apartheid. It will work to fight Fascism.
why isn't the "president" being impeached, isn't he already breaking the law?
@DrAlParsons @POTUS Why no do it and definitively show that the entire thinking is bull, and voter suppression like cross-check
block DeVos
same goes for his damn wall
the only FRAUD that should be investigated is @realDonaldTrump
Big Waste is Right!
There's a method to his madness- voter suppression
Exactly. Ultimate abuse of power.  #theResistanse
What Trump is spending tax payers' money to feed his ego & quell his paranoid delusions! #DumpTrump #Impeach
But how will he maintain the smoke and mirrors without the diversion?
Thank you Sir, I'm thinking the same dam thing#TrumpLies #ImpeachmentSoon
Sadly this is right out of the GOP playbook. One word: Benghazi. How many millions were wasted there?
@Varidienne @POTUS should answer for Bannon registering in 2 states!!!
Mr Franken, wake up, you are falling for trump's tricks, all that is a distraction, his real goal is to suppress voting
...unless it miraculously leads to his own demise...?
I think that is the plan.  Get @realDonaldTrump to make an ass of himself then pence gets control.
I hope senators r emboldened 2 distance themselves from trump & vote no on his cab picks/do the right thing
yes, I'm sooo disappointed in the common sense gop that are allowing this to happen on their watch
@Larramarr1980 Can you get these Democratic senators organized to fight?  Need some unity over there.
Why should we pay for an investigation into voter fraud, for which there is no evidence, on behalf of the WINNER.
He's clearly mentally ill and the fact that anyone is normalizing him is a crime. He is a danger to all of us!
repubs r moving to gerrymander in Minnesota. Let us know what u will do about it plz
Dear Senator: was the Orlando Jihad attack a "conspiracy theory"?  What about all the Somali Jihadis in our own state?
if there is verifiable evidence of voter fraud to that extent, then should resign and call new election. Period!
So please tell us WHY this keeps happening???
If HRC actually "fraudulently"picked up millions of votes, wouldn't democrats have also taken Congress by a landslide?
how many sentences do you think will start with " @POTUS should not waste taxpayer money..." over these 4 years? A few, I bet.
I mean Tiffany
So did Bannon vote in both states? Did Ivanka?
AMEN!!!
I'm furious that my tax $$ will fund that racist monument he wants!
He's wasting OUR money simply to keep from admitting that he's WRONG!!! What is going on over there?
everything he does is aimed directly at his base to keep them in his pocket to use as a weapon to keep Reps in Congress in tow
Can democrats please stop voting for his despicable, unqualified nominations?!!
please help us, don't give up. He is unhinged. I'm scared.
If he wants investigation we need independent review of all voting irregularities in all states. #CarefulWhatYouWishFor
Plus, what's with all this Breitbart business. Helping trump to read Mein Kampf?
Guess what TRUMP WON!!!
That's Fine.. we need to know his underline agenda.. Trump is agenda based.. He's not a winner so he will aim to undermine.
YOU waste air!
I will gladly pay my taxpayer dollars investigating the shit out of the Russian hacking and Emoluments Clause violations.
so gather with other dems to scream about it. act like ur a repub and go nuts & dont stop
That's exactly what I told the fool
Our long national nightmare has just begun.
Diden't I see you kissing Obama b**t
I hope so
1984 facts no longer matter
Voter frd invstgtn must be limited to where there is evidence of it, namely Trump's inner circle! Bannon Mnuchin Tiffany.
He actually needs an extensive psych eval. Not kidding. He has nukes.
and pls vote NO on Sessions, Mulvany, Price, Mnuchin, DeVox, and Pudzner...and the others!
Totally agree, if he wants to be a president for everyone stop this stupidity and work with Dems and GOP.
but he will because the delusions tell him to
Can you please tell Schumer to start resisting for reals? It's demoralizing.
Isn't there an amendment in constitution to remove president due to mental illness?
Especially when he doesn't contribute by paying his own taxes
YOU are a GREAT example of how a Senator should act!  TY!
