#ICYMI: @TheJusticeDept reversed govt’s position that #TitleVII protects trans people from discrimination at work.
.@TheJusticeDept changed its position, but it didn’t change the law. #TitleVII still protects trans people from discrimination at work.
Transgender people deserve to be treated with dignity & respect. If @realDonaldTrump and AGSessions won’t stand up for trans people, I will.
You, me and the rest of the world.  Can you tell him it's 2017 we love our 
Corker told us Congress knows Trump is unfit & a danger; join Rep Green to oust him. No, you'll just be concerned about it and LGBT rights.
Really. What facts are you employing?  The military? That is a joke. Can’t have dudes showering with the ladies in the corps. Common sense.
Senator Franken is presidential material people.
I'm concerned about his hostility to everyone not him! I'm deeply concerned for everyone in this country!
Hes mommys good boy lmao
Which would those be exactly??

Trump just gave a speech for an anti-LGBTQ+ hate group — and he even called them his 'friends' 
#FakeNews deceptive headlines!
Hate group = Trumps friends.
And splc IS a hate group!!!
Based on what criteria?
#Trump shows great hostility to everyone but his shrinking base.
you and so many other Senator.
I AM DEEPLY CONCERNED DINGBATS LIKE YOU ARE IN THE SENATE.
I’m deeply concerned about everything he is doing... we are all F*@cked!!! :( #help
you can add to the fact that @realDonaldTrump thinks it’s funny that his @VP wants to hang gay people.
I'm also concerned about the millions of Puerto Rico citizens left in the government's back seat with the windows rolled up. SOS
Then you should urge PR Citizens to vote correctly. They are "Progressives" which ran the territory into to financial hole. Not US Fed Gov.


I am deeply concerned about Trump's hostility to everyone's rights!
I am more deeply concerned about his instability.
a given
I am deeply concerned that we can't get past the "deeply concerned" reaction.
How about I'm deeply concerned he will still be alive at Christmas?
I am with you on that
I am deeply concerned about what he and his cabinet are doing to the environment, women, LGBTQ and minorities.
and the American Constitution
What are the Democrats doing to stand up to an administration that wants to “hang” LGBT citizens? Your colleagues are so quiet.

Really Ryan, Trump don't care what u do n ur life except we have jobs and prosper. That he keeps us all safe. Don't let Demrats con you
@SenFranken have any of the CONSERVATIVE REPUBLICAN NAZIS ever done what they said they were going to do since PUTIN came into power?
That applies to their hostility toward every woman’s rights. Heck everyone’s
With statements should be facts.

Of course you are Sen. FrankenWeinStein. Troll a base to rile and pit against Trump. F'ing farce; cheated to gain your seat, look at you go!
I am deeply concerned that you have no idea what constitutes moral sexual behavior.
I am deeply disturbed by Trump's hostility to people being able to stay alive, LGBT or otherwise.
AND?!

Congress has no control. Neuter the #executiveorder
...& ACA subsidies, & Puerto Rico, & North Korea negotiations, & nuclear war, & tax cuts 4 the rich, & coal production vs safe energy & more
Me to senator, me too. #TransRightsAreHumanRights
I am deeply concerned about everything DT is doing.In fact I am down right scared.
I imagine many are, in addition to many other subjects, but NO ONE has the balls, big enough, to stand up against him. #cowardice
Yes, lgbt rights. But health care,chip,PR,VI, voting rights, tax breaks for rich, trashing environment, destroying international agreements... much more... whatever the reason elections have consequences. Get off your duffs and vote every ballot. Dont skip
Please do something.   He is attacking literally every group that women marched for on Jan 21.
#exiletrump
#25thAmmendment #25thAmmendmentNow #25thAmendmentMarch
Wait, didn’t he promise to be the most gay friendly President in history?
Deeply concerned gets us no where - get him out!!!
Please start working on tax reform! This is an issue that needs addressing now
Crazy...humans being discriminated against...stop it
Al!!!! What can we do???? Just tell us.
I think when the Harvey The Rapist movie comes out you would be the perfect actor to play him.
Did you give back the money you accepted from Harvey Weinstein yet? If not, I am deeply concerned about your lack of respect for his victims
So isn't this mom of a gay daughter.....
I’m concerned that the 99% will have to keep curtailing to the 1%
You mean the Trump hostility towards everything and everybody?
I am deeply concerned by @realDonaldTrump's hostility to everything good and pure in the world if it doesn't bend the knee & worship him
I’m deeply concerned about this!!
Your mama must be proud that all you do is spout RACIST, DIVISIVE LIES.
I agree Sen Franken
None of you do anything about it though. Deeply concerned is not helping
I agree but Concern doesn't stop there! Hostility to women, disabled, peaceful protesters, the first amendment - and the list grows.
Me too! Please be a strong voice for us!!!!!!! 
As one of your constituents I am deeply disturbed by the hostility of the Trump administration towards US citizens on&off mainland.
I'm sorry Sen. Franken, I love you but "deeply concerned!?" Not Outraged? Dismayed? Disgusted?
I'm more concern he dropping the help 2 Puerto Rico and no one on Congress is doing shit.
So, invoke the 25th now, before we are rounded up and killed!
What about the Genocide of Puerto Ricans? They are being wiped out on purpose.
Hey Al: You're my Senator. Never, EVER use the term "Concerned" w. regards to this Administration.

#Alarmed #Appalled #Horrified #Mortified
Don’t just be concerned. Become President!
Agreed. But I am also deeply concerned about the Trump administration's hostility. I'm terrified, in fact.
That's a good point. It's not just confined to LGBT. He hates Mexicans, Muslims, blacks and Puerto Ricans also.
And women
Yes. Especially powerful women.
Trump is hostile to everyone not male, rich and white.
But being "deeply concerned" is no longer enough!! Impeach
Me too
I am deeply concerned about the Trump administration’s hostility toward freedom and  humanity
Many of us are as we are about the Health Care
I see you and can only think Stuart but I’ll try.....NOPE now I think SNL. I can’t take you seriously Al and I’ve really tried.
And minority rights, and women's rights, and veteran's rights and disabled rights, and the rights of poor, and the 1st amendment............
I deeply concerned that the Congress and Senate are not holding @POTUS and his Cabinet accountable.
How about ALL people?
This administration demonstrates hostility to most human rights: LGBTQ, people of color, non-Christians, women, all get no respect.
Once a clown, always a clown.
Brother in law is gay, nobody should be alone or ostracized by Society.
please save us Impeach Trump!
How about toward EVERY FRIGGEN THING???
Please get Senate to declare him INCOMPETENT for path toward impeachment. He is destroying everything we hold dear. Incompetent is key word.
I’m deeply concerned about his mental illness,
AND STOP PANDERING 4 VOTES !! 
What?!?!  Stop your lying & get to work & get the people's bills through, stop your vacations & SHUT UP OR RESIGN !!
Frankenstein has never let facts get in his way. Even democratic senators think your the dumbest politician in Washington
I am deeply concerned by the Trump administration’s hostility to __(fill in any group other than Nazis)__ rights.
Senator Franken, from my home of Minnesota, stand up to these guys. Speak out to the world. We need you to lead.
We are too Senator 
Al Franken for president.
I am deeply concerned that we have Senators whose previous claim to fame involved wearing giant satellites on their head.


And women's rights!


Hypocrite
You are "deeply concerned" by Trump period! All Dems/libs are - he is making them crazy! They only know how to criticize - just like MSM!!
As are the LGBTQ community
Thank you, @SenFranken. I am concerned by everything the Trump administration is doing.
Okay that’s nice 2 hear. BUT, what r u going to do about it? There is nothing good about Don or the way he treats anybody.#ImpeachTrumpPence
You weren't too deeply concerned to accept money from a sexual preditor in Harvey Weinstein when it was widely known in Hollywood.
I'm deeply concerned about their hostility to nearly everything except rich whites, the KKK, and Christian religious extremists.
They are allowing the opening of mines in the Gulf of Alaska, destroying the economy, fisheries, environment. People wont matter w/o planet.
These actions will set us back. Children will grow up afraid to be themselves. It’s crap
Thank you Senator Franken thank you very much.  This was worth opening Twitter for today.
...and everything else.
LGBT. Puerto Rico, Free Press. etc.... hostile, ignorant and racist...how much more shit are we gonna take..
It's OK Al.  You can still sleep with dudes.
Please consider running for President, Senator.
We really need you stability, common sense and strong leadership, Senator.
They're hostile to HUMAN rights! They serve wealth and wealth alone. The Love of Money is the root of all evil. They LIVE at those roots!
we all are
No one FORCED you to ridicule the LGBT community when you were on SNL. In fact you wrote most of those anti-LGBT sketches. More Hypocrisy
same
He’s so hateful to everyone except the white and cheeto colored. The dude is cray cray!
SUPPORT HR669 AND INCLUDE CONGRESS MUST SIGN OFF ON ALL DECISIONS BY A PRESIDENT
I AM DEEPLY CONCERNED BY ALL THAT TRUMP DOES.  THANK YOU FOR BEING THERE!!!!!!
A frivolously elected comedian Lying to people with no corroboration concerns me.
We must have a plan to stop this attack on Americans.  What's in the works?
Look at all the loons!
Hey Al are going to steal your Senate seat again?
Me too! To be fair, though, I am deeply concerned by just about everything that the Trump administration does.
then get the rest of everyone else who is "worried" and fucking do something already... this is your JOB this is why you get paid
And yet you want more Muslim immigration, who kill gays?
I am deeply concerned about the Trump administration.  ALL of it.
Al Frankenstein do you realize you look like a court jester fool. Give it up man - your dignity is on the line. STOP
You elected him. #santarosastrong  SANDERS 2020
They are not normal people and they shouldn't have any rights God created a man and a woman for a purpose smarten up or resign
He's playing to his base of slack-jawed inbred rednecks and seniors. The former too stupid and the latter too proud to admit their mistake.
Lying Frankenstein
I am deeply concerned about the Trump administration.
I'm deeply concerned that Al likes it in the butt!
So what are you doing about it. Your in Congress. It's your job to protect those rights.
Your point?

Transgender people deserve to be treated with dignity & respect. If @realDonaldTrump and AGSessions won’t stand up for trans people, I will.
lmao
Nobody deserves more rights than anyone else.  We either all get treated equally or none of us do.
No shit
I am TRULY DISAPPOINTED by the HOSTILITY that our Congress has towards this Great Nation. Do nothing Congress. Except get rich$$$$
Me too
Me2 and the rest of non-white, non-arians ........
You are ridiculous! Stop embarrassing yourself!!
I am deeply concerned you're a senator
We’re concerned about everything the Trump administration does. Please work to get him out!
You have the right to exist just like all of us. Quit whining.
You are such a liar. Why do Dems constantly lie about OUR President? Your seat was won w/additional vote boxes found in trunk of car.
Ask all your Muslim friends about those groups rights! Since you love them so, they must be right. Oh, and stop with the lies already!
and women, and people of color, and muslims, and pretty much everybody ..
What hostilities? How about your hysteria and hypocrisy? Focus on real stuff and do the job we pay you to do!
I am deeply concerned about The administration's hostility to Americans Constitutional rights, starting with Free speech.
That is a  very Stuart Smalley response we vreally need a hotde of "Hulks" charging through Senate. Although, not sure how u look Green.
Wait for the next comet dinosaur...
impeach trump now please!! love E.
Oh, @SenFranken, you could have saved space by dropping a “.” after “Administration.” Not 4 a joke, either. This is so bad.
It changed its position but didn't change the law.So what you're saying is nothing has changed and you're a cheap opportunistic grandstander
I'm just deeply concerned about Trump.
WTF is your source,  he has been completely indifferent
We are tired of all the deep concern we should be in the streets and leaders like yourself should be leading congress acquiescent to madness
Stop it Al, we’re tired of spineless comments like this. Do something or be judged as harshly as @realDonaldTrump
I am deeply concerned that your still in office.
Facts don't care about feelings.

Give me a gun, they have rights, train them and put them on the front lines when we Crush little rocket man!
Me too!
Well what about writing his own health care and getting rid of all the kids whose only home ever has been here?!
He said use the proper bathroom and that trans were NOT to use our Military for free sex changes. How is this hostility? It's common sense.

Plus women's rights, PuertoRico dying,Nuclear war in sight, CHIP&ACA doomed, immigrants terrorized "concerned" U say? #TrumpPenceMustGo
Yeah...hard to take you seriously.
He is hostile toward everyone. Sad 
We all are. Those of us that feel hate is a useless emotion.
And POC and environment and women

I am deeply concerned about Trump.
Trump is overly sensitive on this topic because he is embarrassed of his inner character, has to over compensate. #fakepresident
What facts support that statement? And aren't you the one that made fun of LGBT MANY times on #SNL?
You mean when he stood up for #LBGT when @BillClinton was president?That's right you are trying to make a point #resign you're a divider
You should be more concerned about all your Hollywood Pig Men friends!
You're concerned!? try being me!
Me too Al !!!!
I am deeply concerned by the corrupt politicians in this country!!
Me, too.
