edibly cute! Mazel tov!
Cutest visitor every! So happy for you both.
This kid is #@&*! adorable. Big Mazels.
Thank you we all needed to smile today. She is beautiful!
great pic
Ok, this is not the most important thing about her of course but, geez is she a cutie!
What a doll!!!!!!
don't agree with you on much but we can agree that you have an absolutely beautiful granddaughter. What a cutie.
be our 46th? To: Al Franken. From: America
Omg please I would vote for him in a heartbeat.
Same here! I've been beyond impressed by Senator Franken!
Thanks for your hard work & speaking out about the current problems with this administration. You are a Champion of Democracy!
and Avery is adorable!!!
... +++ ...
So very cute!!!
What a little cutie!  The baby!
@SenateDems Run Al Run
hey! At last! Something that needs changing, WILL ACTUALLY GET CHANGED!!THANKS AVERY!
Adorable! You too Al!
@SenateDems My granddaughter's name is Avery! 
Such a cute baby! You're a lucky grandfather.
She could do better than most of the Reps in there! Thanks for all you do!
Reps probably cry and throw tantrums more than she does ;)
What a beautiful baby.  Thanks for all that you have done to try to stop the insanity! @senfranken
Adorable 
what a doll she is! Kisses for her tiny toes!
what a gorgeous little lady. So much horrible news in the world today. This pic brightened my day. Thanks for sharing.
arrrggghhhhhh!!!!! THE CUTENESS!!!! Make it stop!
She looks so happy and adorable.
she's a cutie!
what a cutie!
The Sky being blue couldn't get bipartisan support these days.
she's adorable
damn so cute from cleveland
So impressed by all that you do.   Thank you.
She is gorgeous!
Ahhhh...she's adorable. Bet she loves her Grandpa.
, perfection! Have fun! :)
awwww!  Precious! 
Boy what a cutie!
@SenateDems a great reminder to PERSIST!
@tiniebeany Cute Baby! Another Democrat! Yes! #ScoreOneForTheGoodGuys
gorgeous child,
VERY sweet photo. What an angel.
Beautiful name. Beautiful girl.
So, So cute!  Life is good
perfecly precious! Mazel!
@SenateDems she's a beauty!!
awe. So cute. And the baby is adorable!
babies and puppies are pretty bipartisan. 
She is lovely! Beautiful photo!
put her in front of the mic and get her confirmed for Ed Sec. she is probably more qualified.
Avery for president!
Cutie
If you run for POTUS in 2020, hope you're not going to pick Lieberman as your running mate, like you did in your hilarious book.
Keep her safe. she's beautiful. 
How did she vote?
cutie!
Oooo how cute! #46
Now that's what I call a pragmatic strategy moving forward! Well done Avery!
best thing I've seen from you in a week. #grandpafranken
-just awwwww
keep fighting for her, Al, and for all our grand babies 
we need more ladies in the Senate.  Keep it going, Avery!
Mazel tov!  Sweet baby girl!

awww. What a cutie!!!
our grandchildren are our consolation prize for getting old, and it's worth it 
For Avery's sake and for the rest of us...HELP!!!!  You have the voice of reason.  WE NEED BIGLY HELP!
awww
She's beautiful. You look like a proud grandpa. :)
@SenateDems she is just darling! Being a grandparent is the best job in the world!
@SenateDems This is a great idea. Every lawmaker SHOULD bring a kid that matters to him/her to work DAILY. If only to remind (1)
them WHO ends up affected the most by petty, selfish political shenanigans & knee-jerk, non-evidence-based laws. (2)
@pricklyeater Your Granddaughter is beautiful, Senator.
Gorgeous little one!
she's probably more competent than anyone on trumps staff
What a cutie pie!
She looks EXACTLY like you Al!
@SenateDems You are blessed beyond words and we appreciate all you do for We the People! Thank you!
Avery is definitely someone we can all agree on!
She is adorable. Congratulations Sen Franken. What a beauty.
@SenateDems oh my goodness sooo cute, so glad you could enjoy her today,you need a little ray of sunshine with what's going on
Too cute!  :) <3
you've got a cute one there!  Nothing better than being a grandparent!
On these ugly days it's nice to see a happy Grandpa and a lovely child.She is our hope for that more perfect union someday...
you are so freakin awesome
cuteness overload!!!!
@SenateDems 
She is lovely!
All right. That is very cool!!!!
what cutie pie!
Congratulations!  And she is gorgeous!
she looks to be as capable as any GOP senator to keep her eye on the ball
Avery is a cutie!
Happy Valentines Day, Senator.
aww she's beautiful
@SenateDems She's GORGEOUS and even has Grandpa's great smileProud you must be
so very sweet!
.@SenFranken too cute!
bless her she does NOT look like U
How cute
@SenateDems the sweetest girl on my feed today! God bless!
I normally can't tell you Humans apart, but that's one adorable child #nowrubmybelly
what a cutie 
ahhh...breath of fresh air. Thanks for sharing this super cutie!
@SenateDems make sure she'll forever be a Democrat!
this is nothing more than lies of the fake news media...Beautiful offspring, sir.
awwww she's so cute!!! 
She is so adorable! She is lucky to have such a fantastic grandpa!
you are the next president
Hang in and I support you and you and your granddaughter have been noticed! ;)
could you or Bernie run for president next election, you are the only people making sense to the public right now?
What a precious little one Senator. I'll bet she never get's heavy.We love our children and grandchildren that's why we do this.
QT
She's beautiful. Congratulations Grandpa!!
@SenateDems So Sweet, the little Girl with her Grandpa
She's so beautiful! Congratulations & thanks for sharing the picture!
@SenateDems probably the only decent thing in you life... because you are a horror
congratulations Senator Franken!
She is beautiful - congrats!  Nice to see a happy loving tweet in this turbulent time of trump!
Bless you, Grandpa Franken! Beautiful baby girl.
Now do what you can to get Trump out so she has a future!!! My grandson deserves one, too!!!
Gorgeous little one Senator. Who told you a little Avery was needed today? 
Aw, I'm not sure who's cuter!!!
@HouseDemocrats It is this beautiful Avery you are all working for, as well as ALL of our US children.
not for all American children, Sir, not for the ones killed before birth...
Gorgeous ( granddaughter, not you).
@SenateDems she is adorable.
cutie!
beautiful! I wonder if this is the baby of the baby you had with you when I sold you glasses on 83rd & bway in the early 80's 
Cute kid!

, she will grow up proud of her grandfather!
soooo cute! Thanks for sharing !!
And a little child shall lead them.
Do you really think taking her to the capitol is a good idea?
What a gorgeous baby!
Can we confirm her for SecEd? She may have been to a public school before and may champion them and their students?
makes it all worthwhile doesn't it?
She is a bucket full of cuteness and then some!
did you tell her to smile like you? or is that just nature? Thumbs up.
great shot!
she's precious. So are you  @SenateDems
beautiful. it's going to be a long 4 years so I'm glad you aren't forgetting who is important. <3
now that's YOUTHFUL SPIRIT !!!
At least someone is smiling in Washington today.
Dios lo guarde ! Bello !!! : )
@SenateDems Awwwwww!!!!
@DianeNeal nice that they can agree on something
Such a cutie...
What a cutie-pie! Nice that she's your Congressional Aide today.
Precious
@SenateDems She is adorable!! Go get 'em Avery!
Cute.
@SenateDems so cute!!!  Doesn't look like you at all. Lol.
what America needs for security. a goodguy with a granddaughter!
Aw, beautiful...mazel tov!
-- Adorable, both of ya!  And please keep on fighting the fight Senator, thank you!
cutie patootie & a warrior 
@SenateDems She is beautiful Al.
@SenateDems So adorable! God Bless Her!  
That baby is cute as fuck.
@SenateDems CONGRADS Grandpa 
- So cute! Enjoy your visit! Speak for us Avery! WE the people...
There is your Valentine Al. So beautiful!
Adorable! 
she's beautiful.
was presented to CONGRESS weeks ago!
Way to go! Early start in politics. She's lovely. Congratulations grandpa!
I suddenly feel old because you have a grandchild. :)
You have a beautiful granddaughter Senator. Best wishes!
Aw, that is a seriously cute baby.
Aww, what a cutie (-;
precious!
Beautiful baby Senator. Continue your work protecting her future.
What a cutie!!
She's adorable. So are you!
glad there is some joy in DC
She looks like you! Nice to have a bright spot in an otherwise dismal day. Keep up your great work!
aww what a cutie
Hey, I think there's an opening at NatSec that she may be qualified for!
