I'm a Minnesotan who 100% supports DeVos. These are the results of doing things your way. You're failing our kids. Bigly.
I'm from Michigan where she helped lobby against regulations for charter schools. Bigly mistake. Most all r failing.
Look at MN. Can we get worse? Sen. Franken sends his kids to an elite private school, but won't give us choices?
Can't speak for Franken, and choice isn't a bad thing, but we must have accountability for all schools.
Charter schools are public schools. For-profit management is not held accountable, thats the problem.
That is one of the by-products of school choice. Schools become segregated by default.
what about the millions, and majority who agree she will bring accountability and needed change? Charter schools r the answer
She lobbied AGAINST accountability for charter schools in Michigan. Most r failing.
lol, the public school system and unions are morally bankrupt, and only care about  $$. Charter schools r good
In principle, I have nothing against charter schools. But no accountability = failure. And hurts public schools more.
agree. Any entity getting funds from gov, are temped to take advtge, because gov tends to be inept w/ other peoples money
Actually, for-profit management companies have less oversight and are taking advantage. Money doesn't go to kids or teachers.
hnmmn..so you think the same failing public schools ...that is the solution?
Not sure what you are asking here.
@NadraKareem what exactly qualifies someone to work for such an unconstitutional pointless organization
what r u talking about?
#federalism, separation of powers, constitutional government
who did u vote for ?
does voting in CA matter?
yes it matters. Guess u r not telling.
how so? For president there were millions cast in CA. What is one more or less?
guess u r a Trumputinite.
Thank you Al!
YOU TELL THEM. GIVE THEM HELL. Why isnt' the GOP standing up for good people?? I Do NOT understand who these people are repping?
so true. Thanks for all you do
You are so right. Thank you for fighting for America's children. Never DeVos!
@dkatthelibrary i don't think your fit to be in your position either. We both need to move on
it's rich that you question #DeVos experience when you were elected to Senate with no law, govt or business background.
we are behind you Senator!!!
wonderfully said!  DeVos is very under qualified.
@detroitteacher Detroit had a school board president that couldn't read. Maybe that is part of the problem.
-excellent presentation on the floor of the Senate tonight, sir!! As a former Minnesotan,  I'm very proud!
@HJBenjamin And yet, life prooves once again, it's not what you know, it's who you pay.
Keep up the good work. Betsy DeVos is my neighbor in Ada MI. Her goal is to establish conservative Christian rules on all of us.
Thank you for standing up for ALL students and voting against the DeVos appointment.
Too bad you stole the election from #Coleman @SenFranken then people wouldnt see what an ineffictive failure you are God Bless @BetsyDeVosED
Ironic that the least qualified senator in the chamber calls Devos unqualified. Great as a comedian. As a senator, not so much
She is unfit to run the Department of Education.  People across the country believe this.
I'm a teacher. Special Needs students are mainstreamed in my class w/equal opportunity. She does NOT align w/this.
Absolutely not.  She doesn't align with anything in public schools.
Enlighten the masses w/your expertise with = opportunity in education. I'm sure you're full of...ideas.
Education ideas not easily expressed in so few characters.  Sorry!
@sharon_leff I guess the DeVoss family fortune speaks louder
Thank you, Senator Franken. Stay strong!
@m_millsey She's no less deserving than Stuart Smalley is to run for the U.S. Senate.
I watched the vote today and wept for my son and all the IDEA kids out there.  Keep fighting, Al, we need you!!!
you should probably weep because your son is in a broken institution that continuously saturates him in filth.
You are a Liar!, I dont know a soul in Mn. that voted for you. I'd love to see you investigated for voter fraud.... Somalis?
you're not fit to be a US Senator. You're a sellout to the teachers union because you're paid for $150k
She will bring positive reforms that our children need and will be grateful for. Forget your union.
thank you for taking and stand and holding to it, unlike the flippy-floppy republicans in devos' pocket
keep talking im watching # nodevos
you lead and we will follow! Mn loves you!!!
Betsy DeVos supports all school children!  We urge you to confirm her as Education Secretary. She is an excellent choice!
@shiggybythebay not fit to run for Edu Dept
Any chance you could get a message about that to my Senators from SC? I couldn't get them on the phone this morning.
@SenatorTimScott doesn't answer so he can continue to claim no one in SC has asked him not to confirm her.
You should have heard how @SenatorTimScott spoke about teachers being "misinformed." Watch his statement from today!
Hard to be misinformed by the woman's own words. Ridiculous!
yes we know that. Impeach trump now. He is unfit & dangerous as we today, again, witnessed. Many reasons 2 impeach ,so impeach.
This Michigan republican agrees with you!
She'll get confirmed any way.  Trump 2020!
thank you for listening to your constituents.  I have reached out to @senrobportman and hope that he does the right thing
how many people live in Minnesota? Is 23k what you would call a large majority?
:really? ROTFLOL

Trump should tell you "She will be my only nominee for the position. Confirm her or I'm shutting down the department."
20K Minnesotans WROTE you? About her nomination?

I find that hard to believe.
I agree as well, Ms. DeVos has no business being in charge of the education system of this country.
Do you disavow Sarah Silverman's call for a military coup against the US government?
It's pointless for the 46% of Minnesotans who voted for Trump to contact you.
I never bothered telling you she was good, cause you would ignore me anyway
That's nearly the total MEA membership count. Weird.
PS - when I call your DC office, it rings to a busy signal.. hard to register my thoughts ...
You're a mean one, Mr Al.
Al Count one  more who thinks she IS qualified.. It's OK to consider the 50% of the state you don't agree with once in a while..
maybe if we count votes enough times she'll finally win? Oh wait, that's only in MN for senators.
Yeah? And of course you were qualified when you ran for senate to sit in the upper chamber.
she just simply doesn't have the qualifications of a failed comedian.
Teacher Unions r Bullies & will stop campaign donations 2 their Useful Idiots. NEA Prez said its NOT abt the Kids, its abt Power
She'll be nominated and all the teachers unions who keep poor kids in failing schools will wail and gnash teeth.
Anyone is better than whomever Obama had as ED Sec. At least DeVos cares for America and our culture of decency. Libtards don't.
You are ridiculous   The hysteria of the Left as usual overstates everything that opposes their view. Crybabies all.
A million could have written you to support her and you would still vote against her, you fucking hack.
Someone needs to be on the side of students, not the teachers union side!
how many voters are there in Minnesota?
I think you Franken are not fit to be not only a senator, but also a janitor in the Senate.
millions of Americans think you're not fit to serve in the Senate but there you are...
and you're not fit to be a Senator...so what's your point?
Pathetic , She is just as competent as DonaldTrump and mike pence two moron heads.
THANK U! Fan since Air America! Your colleagues should follow your example and maybe learn something!
you need a tiny violin.
@SenSherrodBrown u Both. The true people's choice. God bless you both #RESISTANCE #NotMyPresidentTrump
@b_vega15 proud of everyone for doing all this work. She would be a disaster for our students.
You are absolutely a champion; watched the full speech.  You revealed the corruption so clearly. The majority is ignored by Reps
Trump is the best example of why we need stronger education leaders.  He has a very limited vocabulary and communication skills

#FSB #sanctions not small or routine thing and Russia's parliament is boasting about it BEFORE CONGRESS EVEN KNEW http://tass.com/politics/928745 
@Mariobatali Thank you for your input we will get back to you when we give a shit.
Keep bringing it!This Veteran concurs 100%. She lacks the skills, background and understanding necessary to lead this department
Wish my GOP @SenCoryGardner listened to his constituents like you do. He claims we're "paid protesters"!
Minnesotans that don't agree with U don't contact U because they know U won't represent them, & it would only be a waste of time
Yes, Sen. Franken.It's obvious she's been placed b/c of donations so she can profit from her appointment. Frightening.
can you co-senate PA. With Sen. Casey 4 us?
@Mariobatali 23k people is
 .07% of the registered voters in MN. You need a better argument that that.
typo  .7%
@m_millsey: point taken, but with all due respect Senator .. I can't get Stuart  Smalley out of my head.
She is not fit to run her big mouth.  She has zero experience with Public School Education. # RESIST
You asked basic, fair questions in the hearing. God I hate agreeing w/ Al Franken. But you are correct, sir.
Hey @SenFranken, Why do you HATE #women? Why do you think #Rape jokes are funny?
And so do millions of us who are terrified and the buffoons who are trampling our Constitution!
these assholes that bring up Obama, after 8 yrs as POTUS, talk about a weakass argument!!
all of our kids deserve a good education not just the filthy rich.Republicans are not listening CAN YOU HEAR ME NOW
can we really have Arnold and trump switch positions , can bring that up as a bill
My dog is better qualified & would less harm than that chick!
you're not fit to be in the Senate yet there you are
The convicted felons who voted you into office illegally agree: Completely unfit! @SenFranken
@Mariobatali Hope others vote NO as well. TOTALLY UNQUALIFIED  4 Sect. Of Ed. While big $ giver to Trump, our kids deserve more.
Thank you!  No capitulation. None.  We want no part of this administration.  And thanks for making me laugh so much.
How can we get your counterparts in the Senate to see this? She's donated to Pence for god's sake! He shouldn't get a vote!
I want DT out. What can we do or have to do for that to happen? SOON
how many of your colleagues had calls? 20k each?
yep. I let both my senators know that her qualifications don't meet the people's needs. poor choice
I'm from Michigan and I believe DeVos is unqualified.
@Terypat Thank you, Senator.
@Mariobatali She's good enough, she's smart enough and darn it, people like her!
Thank you, sir, for being one of the few who took a stand for a better education system. We need more like you in congress.
@HJBenjamin
Good luck with that
#Berkeley
#BerkelyRiots
What's the best strategy for calling your rep? You're not my rep... but wish you were... keep fighting the good fight!
Vote for Betsy DeVos so we can have a gun in every school to defend against rampant grizzlies!
I hope you can find one more principled Republican who can help block her nomination. 
well, if it makes you feel better I like her, Al
This one's personal for me-anyone that gaslights the ADA and IDEA gets an automatic no #noDevos
She's dumb and confident. She married money. Money her husband inherited. Inheritance tax is sine qua non for meritocracy.
thank you!
I call her Betsy the Plagiarist.
@BarbaranneWylde she's not fit to TALK about the dept, let alone run it! Guns & Grizzlies? Not knowing important fed statutes?
You are so right.The true illiteracy level is high in this country as proven by DT's base. Can't have her worsen the situation.
THANK YOU FOR HEARING US.
Yeah but her appointment won't be stopped, she was already approved by the Committee and will be voted on by full Senate.

she stupid
then go find one more republican.  Please
too bad OK Senators don't listen to us.
the children of California thank you
Thanks for your beautiful #resistance today in the Sessions hearing!
@CAGoldenBear thanks Al for defending MN and this country
100 percent back a NO vote on Betsy DeVos
.@SenFranken Over 150K of our members appreciate having their voices heard. They told senators to #StopeDeVos. Thank you for voting NO.
and a ton of non-Minnesotans who support you!
Must be late
I read that as "about her abomination"
@SenFranken
keep up the good fight Sen Al! Need more like you in the senate to represent those of us that have a brain!
@thestorialist she isn’t fit to run the carpool.
Minnesota has a lot to worry about like Isis recruitment
Thanks for putting old @JohnCornyn @tedcruz in their place.  They're my TEXAS Senators but they sure don't represent me.
You are absolutely correct.  Trump, all that money Betsy gave you for the job, give it back, we don't want her.
We got your back Al. #TheResistance Vote NO
thanks for your work on many issues. I am sincerely opposed to Betsy DeVos being appointed, and so is my family of educators.
Thank you. I'm a conservative that has lived in states impacted by DeVos. Big NO - not good for kids, civic US, tax payers.
Unions? In hearings, DeVos did not know what IDEA is. It's like Defense nominee not being aware of the Navy.
this Floridian in TX agrees with you.
people take notice who is fighting back for us MN!thank you Al !tell me how we can help you.
Al Franken for President 2020!
please put your effort into flipping one more #Republican vote so our kids don't lose big! #qualityeducationforall #DumpDevos
Wrong.
Thank you @SenFranken
#DumpDevos DeVos is bad4kids, bad4teachers, bad4future @amyklobuchar Fight her confirmation
people still write letters?
Aren't there more than 23k members of the NEA in Minn.?  You are hearing from hacks who benefit from mediocre public schools.
we've tried calling @SenatorGardner in CO to voice our concern but his office has explained to us that we're paid protesters.
and Trump isn't fit to run a McDonald's but here we are
you're wrong
we only need one more Republican. We can do this. Please call write email your Senator!  #DumpDeVos #DeVosvote #noDevos
I'm sure none of the calls or letters were templates from teachers union or SEIU
A parent's first option should be a good public neighborhood school but she doesn't support that. Why not?  @BetsyDeVos
She is not fit to run around the block!!
unfortunately it looks like Pence will use his vote
Dear @SenFranken I'm trying to get as many people as possible to be aware of what I have uncovered. See my article (pinned tweet) and these.
she is unfit to be a cashier at wal-mart. If only @SenCoryGardner could see that as well...
neither was Arne Duncan and John King. 
Be consistent Senator!!  Gates bought the US DoE under Obama
 Love you Senator Franken!  
If she isn't confirmed, next step is eliminate Dept of Ed. Return power to states.
Perhaps you leftie folks should check and see what students think who have benefited from her activities.
<-- this buffoon calling someone else unfit 
Keep it up sir, you're doing a great job, I truly believe you work the countries best interests. Thank You
What part of your comedy career prepared you to be a senator? You are equally unqualified.
Let's support trump the way @GOP supported President Obama!!!! #Indivisible
U care more about immigrants than you do Americans Minnesota has taken more immigrants then any other state who cares what U say
what's true is true
I'm not from Minnesota, but have been in education for 25 years. She does not have the experience nor the background.
we need more congress members like yourself to keep dragging American education even lower...keep up the great work, Al!
what were your qualifications to run for Senate. I never thought your jokes were funny.
about 5 million Minnesotans didn't call or write you.  It's time to represent the whole state, not just those who vote for you.
your state elected you as Senator and Jesse Ventura as its governor. I don't think you're in a position to say who's qualified.
Gotta keep that Teachers Union $$ coming in, right Al?
I don't want to say this, but I have less respect for you as a senator than as a comedian.  This is beneath you.
In case your private school education missed something, there are a plethora of trolls here offering support. FAKE ACCOUNTS
Ok, Al.
You went to public school?
"20,000"
"Minnesotans"
"Wrote"
what about the other 5.2 million Minnesotans,  or do they not count?
What HS did you go to again? Oh that's right-never set foot in a public school. Bet your kids didn't go to DC Central either
Whatever. All the teachers and superfluous admins in schools have education backgrounds and look what a crap product it is.
Not having a background in education pseudo-science can't make it worse.  Ditch computers and bring back books.
You were privileged to go to an elite, private K-12 school, which got you into Harvard. Why do you want to deny others?
so the teachers union got out a bunch of bogus letters --
Thank you Al!   We The People want not one of Trumps picks-all BAD!
Too bad she doesn't have the credentials you have, if only she too was a failed comedian.
libs dont want educated children, keeps them off the dem plantation, and it show how ignorant their dem parents are votingD
and a half @ss comedian has now become a half @$$ congressman.
you weren't fit to be a comedian and you are from from fit to be a Senator.
She's an anti-educator, the perfect person to mold a new generation of the willfully ignorant...
-@senfranken Takes one to know one. https://twitter.com/senfranken/status/826564077409415174 …
really wish I could "UNsee" this, and erase it from memory
So does all of Minnesota, minus the 20K he claims to have gotten letters from. @senfranken
