I just reintroduced my Affordable College Textbook Act, which will expand the use of open textbooks that students can get for free online.
It’s great to hear students believe this bill will make college more affordable. That’s exactly why I introduced it.
We need to pass this bill, and we also need to continue looking at other ways to reduce student debt & increase college affordability.
From someone with 3 kids in college... DO SOMETHING. Great observation, but no one does anything ever.
I teach at an online college, and we have eliminated textbooks in favor of faculty produced content and free online materials.
Then when it's time to sell them back you either can't get anything or you get barely 1/4 of price even if book is in like new condition.
Like much in America, the text book industry has special protections that gouge already struggling students.
They're about as greedy as pharmaceutical companies.
Exactly. Every part of the American economy has been systematically raided at the expense of the middle class.
I learned early to never buy my books new unless I absolutely had too. Once had 2 textbooks cost me $500!
That's a racket and needs to be stopped. I personally know people who have paid 300-400 for a single textbook.
i love that youkeep an eye out for us regular folk Al!  what say you on puerto rico?
Why I always tried to get to bookstore first to buy used books.
EVERYTHING literally EVERYTHING is on the internet except college textbooks.  Can ANYONE give me a valid reason why?  Anyone?
Amazon, baby!
It seems that you think saving $10 - $20 off tgat $300 book somehow makes it affordable.
I spent less than $40 for 2 text books from Amazon this semester. They would have been over $400 at school...
College text costs; my introduction to ripoff capitalism...usery, open and accepted gouging by the 'hallowed halls of ed.'  What a lesson!!
College textbooks are a scam industry. Sometimes they just change the chapters around and call it a new "edition" to sell more books.
.@SenFranken Please don't overlook monopoly tricks forcing purchase of new textbooks/devaluing used ones. Most knowledge isn't new ea. year.
Correct my cousin has been developing digital science curriculum - the future
The cost increase is because student don't read anymore and textbooks have to have more pictures and digital assets to entertain them
Thank you! The cost of textbooks may be close to cost of tuition.
Not overlooked by those of us in college! $300+  per class. Thanks for keeping an eye out!
It’s greedy professors trying to sell their book
Cost of ink and crappy oil paintings going up?
High cost of college textbooks is why I created my own free-of-charge "books" for my freshman classes & use regular books for other classes.
College textbooks often cost 100% to 200% more than similar books designed for non-student readers.
My daughter bought hers used.  It was the only way she could afford them.
I did that as an undergrad, but that wasn't an option in grad school. Now students can rent books, but they can't write in the rented books.
If you can even find one.
Increased price in textbooks is outrageous.
Yeah, but it’s only some books in some disciplines. Tuition, fees, and living are still worse.
And I'm betting colleges/universities get kickbacks somehow.
Cost of slide rules has gone off the charts, too!
It cost more to "rent" them than it would cost to buy them at a store. Complete rip-off.
Exactly, average cost is $200 a book and resale value is $5
Higher resale cost too. Sold high. Bought back from students low. Resold 4 same price as a NEVER USED book. Shameful.
My son paid $250 for ONE of his college books for his class!!!

Outrageous!!!
True. Study-fee per subject is R1300 and a text-book can cost as much as R1200...#SouthAfrica #Unisa
Especially anything new or science-oriented.
one semester my son's textbooks were $800+.  we get what we can used, but sometimes the latest edition is required.  it's a problem.
And they change/edit textbooks every year just so students can't use last years version. I mean how much does 1400C European history change?
Overlooked? By whom? Us broke people know all about the ridiculousness that is college text books and have for years.
It's even more outrageous when the publisher can add a diagram and edit a word to make the previous version outdated.
I actually had a professor that required us to use a textbook that he authored. I think we were on version 14 and 15 came out mid-semester.
Luckily, the bookstore paid 10c on the dollar to buy it back.
Are you just dicovering this?  No wonder our education system is in the sorry state it is.  Step it up a little!
ily
Isn't it crazy how public schools have out of date books, but colleges tell students to drop $1K on textbooks/semester?! Infuriating.
Trump cabinet travel cost on the rise, as well.
Everything is digital now. Why not textbooks?
How about the cost of out-of-state tuition vs in-state? Currently paying triple as @UCF out-of-state student. 15k a semester vs 5k
Check who publishes the majority of those textbooks, the online tests,  labs and the competency tests for graduation. My bet's on Pearson.
Stop guaranteeing student loans and the colleges won't be able to charge what ever they want, which is what they currently do.
What about the kickback the instructor is getting for requiring the book?
It's so crushing to students. They jus keep racking up more and more debt. It's so wrong!
As the parent of a college student, no fooling!!!
They should all be available to download into a kindle or ibooks on the ipad.
Thank you! It's ridiculous how expensive it is to achieve a higher education. PS-I'll soon be applying to UofM for PhD in Anthropology
And they have no value after taking the course. New editions coming out limit ability to re-sell. Worst: Prof writing text book.
In a world of technology.. where's the e-books!!
Yes, when lower grades are going digital.... what's wrong with this picture?
So love your ideals! My son (KU) learned amazon rental books are affordable. Bookstores r a ripoff!
Just like Prescription Drugs the US seems to subsidize the rest of the world.  The difference between US and Intl Ver. books are only cost.
Only 80%? STEM textbooks are often $600+ per book...now students often simply rent a digital version of a textbook for the semester.
Please be sure they include Theory of Evolution;most red-state Univ.&H.S.'s buy from same printer in TX excludes it, focus only on Creation
And a lot of colleges change books frequently (yearly) so there’s zero resale value and you can’t buy used. 
$400 x 2 kids in college this semester. They worked all summer. No wonder they are eating Ramen
The value of college is rapidly declining while the cost is rapidly increasing. It has reached the tipping point of not being worth it.
And should now be all electronic and 1/4 the cost #CollegeRipOff
Students cannot overlook it!
And a lot of students books are written by their own professors. Double jeopardy
It's such a racket!!
In the age of digital why in God's name are we still printing textbooks?!
Why the heck are they still using textbooks... oh yeah money, money, money 
Trees are disappearing fast Al.
It is totally ridiculous plus the books often cannot be bought used because profs insist on the newest edition and that can occur often.
@SenAlFranken, I'm sharing a link for free college text books. Maybe you can share the link?
So glad someone is noticing the cost of books! Also artists have 2 spend a ton on supplies that are never covered by scholarships& loans!
In this age, why are there still text BOOKS? Save the environment and money and just go digital.
I am familiar. College texts are worse and more than a bit of a racket. How about a deduction for that? Wishing you lived in Iowa! Hah!
2 students same exact book 2 years later book price increased $40.  It’s good to see someone effort in this area.
Amen too that.
No kidding.
Some of the rising costs of college has to do with costs for private goods and services like internet, technology, and electricity.
The cost of textbooks is a great way to show how public education is non-profit and cheaper than for-profit services and goods like texts.
Well the majority of colleges are left leaning there for like to take everything they can.
Thank you Senator.  We paid about $700 for our son in one semester for books.  I think he paid more.
Many times, textbook publishers only change page and chapter numbers to resell as the latest addition for obscene markups. They're scum
I just bought a short story collection, new, for $14.   A friend's grandson is required to purchase the same book for a class at $180.
Just wait til they experience rising health insurance, rent/mortgage, utilities, taxes...well, life! The textbooks will seem pretty minor.
You don't have kids currently in college, do you Darren?
YES! This is a huge problem!! Many students do not buy the book. Not good for education.
Despite e-books growing by how much?
I take issue with this. All of the faculty I know work to keep costs down for students. Still they don't buy books. Even those that can
I would think that number was ten fold higher. A semester of books was more than a semester of tuition was for my 1st degree #collegepoor
Tell me about it. That and the cost of tuition. They didn’t even cuddle after they pound your ass.
Which should all be ebooks at this point.
Ereaders and digital books could solve a lot of this along with saving students' backs from lugging 50lb backpacks.
Many times the differences between editions are a few words, rearranging chapters etc! College Profs. know it & honest ones tell students!
http://pjunkie1.blogspot.com 
The price should be coming down as many schools are going paperless & students are reading e-books.
So savings with ebooks, but few hundi for a tablet? Feels like savings.
Worse than that, my daughter paid over $200 for textbook for nursing class and they NEVER EVEN OPENED IT UP. Disgusting waste of  $$
My godson is suffering this right now. $120 a book, not provided by the school, none for rent or check out. And this is HS not college!
Take a look at who owns the publishing companies. Monopoly.
Here, here.  My daughter tried to resell, offered 25 cents for a $150 book.
 i know right my son bought one 400 bucks i"m like seriously jeez ,,i didn"t see any gold on it lol ! 
As a retired college bookstore manager, you need to go after the publishers. They are under-handed in their greed to sell only new txtbks.
damn
Seriously. what has changed in physics 101 that requires a new $200 textbook over last years 39th edition.
Great idea - textbooks are total racket.  Publisher get authors to make a few changes and then require professors to buy new editions.  /1
@SenWarren @TheDemocrats Rule of 72 (72/#yrs to double=interest rate) estimates  6%/yr (72/12=6). Financial calculator=5.89% (monthly comp).
How is it more money if most have texts on tablets?
They where more then $50 a pop in '97! Scam back then, robbery now!
Used to work at a textbook store when I was younger, it's a freaking racket. Now you can 'rent' books. It reminds me of payday loans.
and housing.
Textbooks are a racket.  Have been since I was in college in the 90s.  They change one paragraph then require you to buy the new one.
This isn't news.
I know my daughter just completed 4 years of college. We had to take a loan out just for books
And the Presidents administration is pillaging and plundering.
That Flag represents freedom and in honor of those who secured our freedom it takes no strength to drop to your knees except under tyranny
Maybe if u guys could get those THIEVES 2 pay back Private Jet travel paying 4 books wouldn't be a problem
Dems will use any crisis to gain power and wealth when owners get hit in their pocketbook things will change #followme #Trump #me #tbt
In 2015, only five companies controlled the majority of academic publishing, and each year, they'd update those same publications simply in order to undercut college bookstores' sales of used books and to drive up their own revenues. It's a textbook example of monopolistic greed.
280 characters!
& they're outdated with flunkies notations in the used ones.
Yes.  The second racket is the used textbook sector, where they will buy it back for pennies, and re-sell it to poor college kids.
200 to 300 hundred for each text plus recommended reading with ridiculous costs for paid class syllabus is outrageous for "used" books!
A lot of textbooks can be rented and returned. So kids should definitely investigate that option
Why can't textbooks be available as E-books? It would help the environment & companies could sell for $20/DL with no prod/ship cost.
And because Texas usually decides what goes in them, they’re useless for actually learning any facts.
It's probably even more ridiculous than it was when I was in college back in the 80s...and even then they were too expensive!
Have a grandson getting ready for college. I recall how expensive his Mom's textbooks were. Appreciate anything you can do.
Yes, thank you. This is a problem.
And they were never inexpensive.
Uh, where've u been, dopey. Been an issue forever.
Who needs textbooks? Aren't they all on computers??
They make you pay for an access code!
That's exactly right. Thank you for your attention to this
Take a look at Pearson. They have a near monopoly on curriculum and textbooks.
And jumped in obsolescence by about a million %

Some cost more then the class it's a total hot mess!
Textbooks now with pricey, requisite DVD's. And students no longer able to sell materials back to stores.
They weren't cheap in the 1970's. I can't even imagine...
There’s no reason not to make them all digital and able to use on tablets.
Thank you for this.
Pay 150 for a bunch if 3 whole punched papers. They dont even provide covers anymore
Schools are in cahoots with the book companies and get kickbacks. I hope this passes,just spent so much on books for my daughter.
Appreciate the help, but the bigger problem would be tuition.  Still $30K in debt after paying for 14 years.  That doesn't include my wife's
Only possible when schools collude with publishers. I usually spent less than $250/semester on books in undergrad & grad school.
And their resale and buy back value is PUNY! Or its a one time ONLINE only required reading. Grrrrrrrr
As a 50 year old new college student the most frustrating part is in most of my classes, we rarely crack the spine on these things.
Big business especially in Texas.
15 years ago at UWRF we rented books with the option to buy. Easy, no additional cost option more should offer.
Same with everything-gas, food, utilities, auto ins, auto repair, every single thing costs more every day.#rishgetrisher
use old ones like we did in college!
Love getting your tweets-intelligent, informing us of things the public may not know unlike the idiot in WH who just tells lies & fairytales
Someone close to the Trumps says Potus has never read an entire book
My school district just announced a 50% cut in text book funding. It's mad. How am I to help them when there's no text?
Thank you for your work in this area @SenFranken. There are excellent librarians at UMN who would probably love to work w/you on this.
@alfranken coursepacks are worse than textbooks.  No way to shop around
amen!
And which could be offered in E-Book form. "Except
Too Many profs may be Tauting their own Works" and THAT can be fixed!
Total scam! Just another example of corporate greed and exploitation of thise attempting to better themselves. Class mobility my ASS!!!!
As a history major, I had to buy 10 books per class... went to sell them back, I actually took a quarter for one, and felt rich.
"As a history major" right there was your first mistake I am speaking from experience
This is great. Profs are already used to providing free labor.
yeah what's up with that?
Also trending, public schools (here in WI anyway) aren't using textbooks as much as in the past to save money.
Thank you Senator Franken, my son is in College and is trying to pay for it himself. The price of textbooks is ridiculous.
Unfortunately, that how colleges are able to get away with underpaying non star profs.Profs writing bks & make buy bk for class.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=asP2BHnyUTo … Have you seen this?
All kids in college know textbooks r optional. I made it through senior year without buying a single book and utilizing that money for booze
I thought it was the interest rates of students loans that was the biggest expense.  I’m not saying it should be free but 8%.
It was the one thing I made my kids pay for, it forced them to hunt down the cheapest option on their own.
Only 80%? Or is it that such a supposedly specialized market was so insidiously expensive to begin with ?
Hard to believe that a student debt can cost as much as a Tom Price jet vacation

By a wide margin, the biggest hurdle with college expenses is not textbooks, it's tuition.
And room & board....
So great when you are required to buy a new edition of a textbook which had three paragraphs changed...Thanks for bringing this front&center
What a racket.
Pfff I would just go into the book store and take pictures of the chapters I needed to read.
Heck, the cost of books could be more than tuition.
Sure. But as a percentage of the cost, for many institutions, it's infinitesimally smaller than fees, housing expenses, and all the rest.
It's time to use web apps for accessing curriculum. Textbooks are outdated the moment they're printed. I use such an app for my job.
Textbooks should be included.
Books shmooks!  I never read any books and look at me now!
Well sir, the good news is, we are entering the anti book, anti education era, so these greedy book sellers will get theirs...

God help us.
and they weren't exactly cheap before then!
I just spent $300 on two books. Highway robbery
Costed me $175 for a keycode to do homework, yes you read that right, to do homework is $175
I had that too... what's your major?
Digital forensics and cyber security
Oh wow. I can see why you'd need a keycode.

I was a MUSIC minor. I spent over 150 for a code to do my homework in the lab
 In 1998.
