Americans deserve transparency. Broadband providers shouldn't be able to collect, share, and sell your private info without your permission.
I’m disappointed that, last week, my Republican colleagues in the Senate voted to gut critical #broadbandprivacy protections for consumers.
I'm trying to think positive. Now voters cam look at their elected officials Internet use. #toetappers
Maybe we can find Trump's tax returns and divorce settlement(S).
Oh, the possibilities!!!


Does he not ROCK????
He definitely rocks.
The John Legend of the Senate.
I would go that far.. but ok 
Oh saw such a good tweet on that today! 
Exactly.  But, for me, more Salsa.  Can have fun even in the midst of PMS!
Women are capable of anything!!!! We rock! 
@riverbirdhf  Thank you for trying
I won't mention names,but I don't think a group of those colleagues believed you.The group name starts with a @GOP.
What I dont understand is the rational behind the GOP position.
@jidk1187 thanks Al, we appreciate you doing the right thing because God knows the GOP would sell souls if they could. $
So why did this pass? Really...how could it? Felt like a quick unanimous "hell no" vote. What happened? How do we undo this???!!!
Thanks Senator Franken. It's reassuring to know that some lawmakers actually care about laws that affect the American people.
Thank you Sen.Your work FOR THE PEOPLE is much  appreciated. Stay strong.
Wait until all those Republican's internet search history's hitting the newspaper Washington Post, New York Times.
thank you
it just feels like we're losing our country.
Thank you.
Run for president Mr. Franken. Please. I want a smart president again.
Do not let up Senator.  We can't afford even 4 years of this nonsense.  Thank you for what you do.
Thank you Senator Franken! 
Unfortunately, nothing is more important to many of those colleagues THAN corporate handouts! Go get 'em Al!
Thank you for trying.
Thank you for sticking up for me and my family.
@theTonyGee or corporate kickbacks or rare stock deals to Congreemen
Thank you! You make me proud.
how many poor people did you feed today? Nice suit, btw.
@glncv what was your stance when Obama was spying on Americans?
His stance is he gives ZERO fucks.
Thank you for all you are doing.  Keep up the fight and doing what is right.  I appreciate it.
Thank you Sen. Franken for ALWAYS standing up for America! I assure you, my privacy is everything to me.I no longer shop online!
@LarryWilson Al they don't care about US. I seriously want to cry seeing what @GOP is doing to US at every level.
I watched aCBS Show #PersonOfInterest who wrote show about VERY similar issue,few years ago/i've NEVER FORGOT the LESSON taught!
Yes, only the Government can invade your privacy!
Thank you for representing the people,  Senator Franken.  
@dmcrane Al, you know they don't give a shit. These guys have been salavating to dismantle the country for a decade.
American privacy and ecology signed away for profit. This doesn't benefit Americans. Is America "Great" yet? #WeAreNotWinning
It shouldn't require the talents of a man whose career depended on the ability to identify absurdity to figure this one out.
@Patriot_ForLife Why can't we have more in Congress like you?  Thank you for all you do for us. Keep fighting!
Your about as bright as burned out light bulb.
@Leavittnovelist so is our #HC 
#Singlepayer
#BernieCare
I'm so surprised they didn't believe you!
@ManooshDesign My God! Thank you Senator! How long can @GOP shit all overcitizens b4 our ctry & it's values r destroyed?2018!
@morgfair vote no on Gorsuch and pass this on to McCain and Flake . I keep posting it on there page but this way show them this.
Sadly it didn't work!! Congress is worse than worthless!! #BrokedownPalace #ShakedownStreet
Thank you
THANK YOU!
thank you . Now please remind your colleagues to Filibuster Gorsuch Vote NO to cloture. We are fighting & need Dems to fight too
We could use the nuclear option. just like obama did.
Thank you, Sen. Franken.
want some dressing with your salad ? #Russian Didn't your girl @HillaryClinton sell #Putin all of that uranium @seanhannity
Nope. Try Snopes. Typical Trump nonsense.
thanks for info.
Do we live in a representative democracy or not? What is the point anymore....
did they listen to you?
Everyone should create internet people an drive these companies crazy.
Mr. Franken you have been an outstanding voice for Americans for a very long time.  Thank you!
@MrJonCryer Too bad they couldn't hear over the sound of money being counted.
Thank you!
YES!!!
I see it as another measure that pulls us closer to Fascism.
Please help us roll this back when we get disaster-in-chief out of office
But leave all GOP members data with any huckster that wants it!
I wish they cared half as much as you do Sir. Thanks for doing all you do. @SenFranken @BMLewis2
Thanks for advocating for Americans' privacy.
Not just privacy. Individual data is resource commodity. ISPs want to sell a resource they haven't paid for.
Thank you.  To the @GOP,  Americans are just the bait for THEIR financial hauls.
You're good enough, you're smart enough, and doggone it, people LIKE you. Really great work.
Personal life should never be subject to targeted advertising. "No Soliciting" signs exist for a reason.
While you're at it, remind your colleagues on BOTH sides of the aisle that EVERYTHING is more important than corporate handouts.

Does that mean you will stop taking them?
Thank YOU! Nopt let's get this Senate Investigation going on Trump/Russia. We need this lunatic out of office.
I'm with Al
Thank you!  I'm proud to have you as our Senator and grateful for your hard work.
Thank you! I wish my Senator were as outspoken about the loss of consumer protections as you are. Keep fighting for the people
thank you.
You go, Al!!!
thank you  fighting  for Americans Privacy! we are angry pisssd off with Trumps abuses of power. His personal vendetta re Obama!
Thank you Sen. Franken!
Thank you for caring.
These so called patriots are traitors to freedom and democracy  They are the building blocks of a fascist takeover by the gop
Those holy rollers use religion to assert authority over others that they cannot obtain any other way just as ISIS
Those gop pro life ppl are not pro life  No Sir They are pro control over women and children and even lower class men
Not more important for the GOP. @Tazbruin25
Those gop conservative holy rollers call themselves heroes of babies but that is not their goal
They DO know that their data is up for grabs too, right?
The gop nazis want to control a woman's body and make her dependent on a man for survival
.@SenFranken unfortunately Americans don't have deep pockets like corporations to be able to "influence" Congress. Thnx for fighting this.
The gops nazi cut taxes to the rich while the rich manipulate markets to drain every American's wealth
Yet the rights of citizens are are continually degraded while the rights of corporations even now exceeds the rights of citizens
Thank you Sen Franken for looking out for us Minnesotans and the rest of America. Be ever vigil. #democracyoveridealogy
The gop nazis have protected the rights of big corporations when it comes to various issues such as political donations
You're a good man! Thank you, Senator.
I guess this is another priority of the voters that elected them. To roll back personal privacy laws for corporate profit.
Senator This is just another in a series of privacy invasion that the gops love to engage in
maybe Congress needs a reminder similar to this!
A customer is a buyer of goods. A citizen is a member of a nation and entitled to its protection. http://www.dictionary.com/browse/citizen  https://twitter.com/AriMelber/status/846461919120805888 …
Thank you sir.
thank you for standing up for Americans privacy & against big corporations sellling our information to make more $
@RandPaul Add this to the Homeland Security Act & there is a scary creep of civil liberties/privacy ebbing away
But this one is for profit so it's okay with the GOP profit above clean air, water & privacy #capitalism
Good luck with that, Senator
That's a hard sale given that part of those handouts find their way back to your colleagues as campaign donations.
Thank you. I live in Ark where we literally have no sane voice in the Senate.
#Mensch
