#Trumpcare  Senator, I don't agree with you on many things but I sure do on this tweet, just a huge tax cut for the wealthy.
the Dems need to stop teaching our children it's ok to have sex where fecal matter exits
You mean this guy!
Remember when he told Howard Stern his daughter is a nice piece of ass!?
That bill is horrific. It took 6 years to come up with something that bad for so many people?
They hv no heart 
Trump+ Repubs r rich healthy lucky.The less fortunate,such as myself, need Medicaid insrnc to live! But Our lives dont matter !
@IndivisibleCLE We should demand Rep's and Dem's provide a bipartisan healthcare bill PERIOD.  Write congress and let them know
Hey @SenateFloor @SenateGOP @aperlb It's the #Obama #Soros #ACA tail end  #illegalalien #ISIS promoter himself Learn #Vault7 Al.
@LaVerneWright13 Come on Al!!  They only had 7 years to formulate their own plan!!
You never did. Matter of fact no one ever read the #ACA b4 voting on it either.
@serenityatsea Or they could just tweak the ACA to fix the parts that need fixing and keep Americans insured. #SAVEACA
remember demwits Feces+Friction+Blood=Disease
The way the Democrats solicited input from everyone? You can read the bill after we pass it, remember Franken?
did u for aca. Did you listen. I know many way worse off
I agree! But they wont. They are playing God with our lives! 
@CarmelJudeobsc1 absolutely! We're counting on you to make it happen Senator Franken.
@skennison you're forgetting they don't care about their constituents. They care about the insurance industry CEO's
ya think?
As a leading Senator you should help draft your own bill. Regarding yourself all discussions are just criticism, get involved!
That is a great idea. So novel in the fact it asks us for our input. Imagine a world...
and the democrats need to stop dropping atom bombs and agent orange on mankind
But @SenFranken The @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr literally run and hide from their constituents. Corrupt cowards.
Why isn't Trump putting his name on the repeal/replace bill if it's so great? #TrumpCare  #GOPCare
It's time to repeal Obamacare, Frankie.
You were nothing as a comedian. You still are nothing but a Buffon in senate veins a toad to Schumer 
@skennison Dear Al. OK, now stop it. You're being too funny. This is funnier than anything you ever did on Saturday night live.
@serenityatsea
RT Support for @kathrynallenmd who is running against @jasoninthehouse #JasonChaffetz

#Trumpcare #cellphones #aca

…
#ACA  let our elected representatives remember that they are "elected" by people who all need good health insurance 
Agree. I’ve listened to you lately and I really appreciate your clear grasp of reality. I don’t know how you maintain your cool!
Why didn't you & the Dems work on making this healthcare affordable to begin with, this was the Dems failure & you didn't care
and health care companies and billionaires aren't constituents.
FIND REPUBLICAN WITH LITTLE HEART THEY HAVE LEFT AND FLIP THEM. TELL THEM TO ABANDON SHIP!!!!
.@SenFranken what the GOP offers is not healthcare for every American, but #Wealthcare for the rich, the elite and the well-off.
how the hell did you get elected
Thank You  for your work
Apalling, disgusting, a slap in the face of all middle class, poor, elderly, and disabled! Absolutely unacceptable!
@cnnPolitics

Watching you on the hearing today, to bad you have work with all those republican jerk's. keep up the good work.
@texyellowdogdem The same group who refused to hold town halls?
I AM YOUR CONSTITUENT! https://twitter.com/CourtneyMayBP/status/839159613710827520 … #trumprussia #russiagate is all we care about!
MY phone has been hacked. So many #TheResistance have been targeted.  Get the #TRAITORS OUT OF THE WH! ASAP!
.@SenFranken they complained #ACA was rammed thru after mths of work & 30 days for the public to read. Now they want a vote after 2 DAYS? No
do they actually understand the concept of constituents?
great on Sessions should come back and e you explain himself   Definitely. Show face when u lie   Selective memory !!
Do not stop the ATTACK on pres CHEETO's  RACIST AG J. SESSIONS

he needs to be fired or resign
can you please suggest to them that they provide Americans with the same health insurance they enjoy as MoC's?
#SwampCare
"Affordability" has taken a back seat to "profitability" dressed up as "access".

Higher pricing doesn't mean increased access
- great job today - Thank you!
Government should not be involved with non-emergency health. Give us roads. Security
@ugotGod FRANKENSTEIN stooge!!!
Like Obama and you did the last 8 years? Give me a break Stuart.
I wished they gave a rats pututie to even consider us
Not run from it!
Wake up the GOP cares less about the poor. Would rather they just disappear.  They only cater to the 1 %
I love you Al Franken! You give me hope glad I supported your campaign 
Except to them, constituents are paid agitators that are rude and disrespectful and hurt their feelings.
They have resolutely ignored their constituents since trump took office. Why would they start now? 
Thank you for your service!
unfortunately most GOP don't want to hear from their constituents, namely @sendavidperdue who has refused to hold THM
@carhode #NoTrumpcare #Trumpcare #swampcare
is a role model for common sense. He is the voice for the little guy and an important defense against greed and blind ambition.
king of like Dems did with ACA? #youwillhavetopassittoreadit.
@reese_malmgren They've lined their pockets I'm sure. They don't care about us.
Need to focus on ensuring Dems & Repubs vote NO on Trumpcare!!!
they are too afraid to solicit input because they might get yelled at, Wait long enought & we'll be too weak
GOOD CALL!!!
Why would they suddenly start caring about their constituents? That makes no sense.
@IndivisibleMN @SpeakerRyan needs to stop searching for the Cher machine. There's no turning back time - or math.
That, GOP soliciting input from constituents, will make for interesting TV viewing. Can't wait !!! HowExciting!
Yeah really... Teapublicans in office are avoiding us like the plague
What @GOP doesnt seem 2REALIZE

NO LONGER get away w/SCAMS

SocMed=ACCOUNTABILITY

Breaking BILLS DOWN
Line BY Line

@SenFranken @seterapia
DEAR @GOP

Stop INSULTING our INTELLIGENCE

Thanks

 @SenFranken @seterapia
Thank you for speaking up!!
#ACARepeal should go to the dumpster instead, @SenFranken! DO NOT NEGOTIATE WITH TERRORISTS over Americans' coverage! #ProtectOurCare
Thank you for your tireless work for us.
all government business should be suspended until #russiagate #investigatetrump are resolved. Cabinet & staff are too corrupt.
block grants are the fun way to say,'we'll be outta $ by april each year ' so hope you dont want care, or get it early
Let's call their plan "Trumpcare" favors the rich, ignores the poor, increases premiums
It's all about that GOP control thing don't you know !
pfft. Like that will ever happen. They don't care about their constituents. Why do you think they won't hold town halls. Afraid
Constituents have been providing input. GOP is refusing to listen.
thank you President Franken. 
Sorry. Getting ahead of myself there
I haven't heard much on lifetime caps-are they trying to ditch that as well?
GOP doesn' give a hoot about their constituents.
I agree wholeheartedly, Sen. Franken. It's sad that modern GOP sees American citizens in a caste-like system #PoliticalApartheid
and get a CBO score
since you know so much, why not work together to improve it for all.  2018 is coming.
thank you Al for standing up for ALL Americans! So proud to call you and Amy my senators!!
They just don't care about us.  I am unsure what to do since I live in Utah.   
I have a better idea. We keep Obamacare. Done! See how easy that was?
Great advice for the @GOP too bad they don't care to listen.
Rep. Senators Rob Portman, Cory Gardner, Lisa  Murkowski  and Shelley Capito said Paul Ryan's bill won't get their votes. BRAVO!
- why can't they just try to fix what they themselves took out or tweaked. They can't handle the truth!
I don't know Al. Consulting constituents is pretty radical for the GOP.
thank you! You are right no one is listening. This is supposed to be OUR country.
you have to pass the health care bill to find out what is inside it.
are you a senator attempting to be a comedian or a comedian attempting to be a senator
like u guys did in the middle of the night behind locked doors with no GOP vote and had to pass it to see what's in it hypocrite
We are just so-called "paid protesters"...@GOP will reap what they sow.  Uninsured voters will be the loudest..
Can you reference from proposed bill itself to show what lead to your points? I found the bill difficult to read & interpert.
Please continue fighting this. The revised bill literally makes me cry. No one has been listening this whole time.
thank you Mr Franken. This seems like they are killing off the poorest among us.
Reply to @SenFranken GOP want us to remember the stock market is through the roof while people will die in the streets!  All about $$$ 
i wish they would all quit. pack up and leave Washington DC. WE and the world would be so much better off
@rcarr57 not a fan of #SwampCare
You keep your calm better than I do. The 1% Strike Back at the 99%
It's not like we haven't been trying to give them input. They just won't hear it.
Just a has been clown from SNL.
But most are 'afwaid' of their constituents. ;)
Yes, end-user testing is always a good thing to improve design!
they don't talk to their constituents. Its more important to stick with the party line than to give people what they want.
Davis had all the talent.
@1029tak Your being very polite Al. If they did that, they would have to meet with Insurance Companies in broad daylight
please do not vote for this bad replacement.
that's what you would do because your a decent human bean. The GOP gang not so much. The Pope has been talking about them.
@puppymnkey MHA student here; their plan basically commits premeditated murder. Hospitals will go bankrupt bcuz of ER use.
Free market ideology aside; the only benefactors of the GOP plan are the insurance companies, no-one else benefits
@puppymnkey They are soliciting input from their constituents...the insurance lobby, corporate donors and the Tea Baggers
well hopefully you can afford your own health care.
You mean instead of running away from constituents?
They don't WANT input from constituents. Constituents don't WANT ACA repealed. They want to hear from insurance co execs
Franken 2020. Because darn it..people like you
Keep up the good work!
Thank you Senator!
you mean work together?????????????? 
or just leave it alone.
We're trying here in AZ and they don't want to talk to us @IndivisibleofAZ @JeffFlake  @SenJohnMcCain @RepTrentFranks
I think the technical term is Trumpcare.
Former presidents need to hold an intervention for trump. He needs help. @BarackObama @billclinton @GeorgeWBush @GeorgeHWBush
in TN, they've made it clear they don't care about us. @SenAlexander @SenBobCorker
they need to cap & regulate insurance companies. I'm a medical biller for past 27 yrs. Insurance Companies need regulating.
GOP are the regulation busters
insurances putting money in their campaign funds, I'm guessing. You shld see new Zurich Ins bldg in Schaumburg,IL
Sen. Franken, how do we make them listen? They only hear what they want, everything else is "fake news." #SaveACA
that would require actually going to their town halls.
Oklahoma Govnmt does NOT listen Or Care ! They have GUTTED MY state and all who make less $$. Death panels are already here ..
I say repeal, don't replace.
repeal only helps rich @GOP donors, get to work and FIX ACA and @SpeakerRyan and @SenateMajLdr  better get it  right
But... But... But that makes sense.
shut this government down it is a joke
Or they could just try to make the current law work better?
Thank you Senator Franken!
What is sad is they will vote down party lines and push it through and people will suffer.
, a few GOP governor's are begging Congress to leave O_care alone...Or expand it.
It's just insane.
Can't! They're afraid of 'em!
Ask constituents? What a novel idea!
New party symbol for Reagan Republican, who decided to get rid of the GOP Elephant
We can call it Deathcare!
A little bit of GOP Genocide and a little bit of Deathcare.
Need any organs. I'm disabled and might want to donate some to you if this fiasco is passed.
I'm  thinking about selling parts too. Why don't the people We vote for Ever keep their word? No OK politician does!
keep up the great work sir!  Great to see someone who doesn't cater to billionaire pocketbooks #trump needs #resignunder100days
we're talking/yelling at the town halls when our rep shows up. They aren't listening. 2018 will be bloody.
That's just what's needed. And when they hide, stake out their offices in Washington.
And how about we remove the tax cuts for the rich from any bill? Fight the good fight, Al!
#AHCA is the essay your teacher graded during a drunken red-marker rampage. I can't believe they're doing this.
,they won't talk to us we are scary
They will only do that if their Dem colleagues force them to. I think we all know that.
Amen. This helps nobody but the insurance industry.
The biggest problems with the ACA are a result of letting the insurance companies write most of it.
And this throws them an even bigger bone. Another stab in the backs of Americans in favor of corporations.
Jared Kushner's OSCAR is a conflict of interest.
Or how about we don't repeal, but tweak to make better?
They don't want constituents input. They want a way to funnel money out of the working class.
