could you please explain this stance? Plz cite a case where he was "terrible for women"
I have read the case.Hobby lobby is a family held company. Their religious beliefs protect them under law.
And this is good for women how? Because that was the original question asked.
he upholds the law. If you want to change the law, then contact your Senator.  HL forces no one to work for them.
and you're coming across as an unreasonable and/or unintelligent person. That's a MUCH worse look I promise you.
Please say Franken 2020 is going to happen!? 
No Luke, I am not. Checked your TL, you seem nice.
I'm wounded.
I really wanted you to like me, Luke. 
Trying to explain literally anything to a Trump supporter
I see the Trumpanzees take exception with you for making a fool look like a fool.
you did great Al. Since there is an FBI investigation I think it should be held off till all is cleared up! Haha!
and you proved just how much you're still missing your former profession. You have taken the #SchumerClown award!
You make me proud to be Minnesotan.  You did a great job today! Thank You!!
Franken, you have no clue as to the law, or the difference between legislative & judicial processes. Embarrassing
He's a cum laude graduate of Harvard with a degree in governmental studies. I'm sure he's familiar.
Thanks.  Wasn't aware that "gov't studies" enabled one to pass the bar   [Obviously not in his case!]

You wear diapers you're irrelevant & should be ashamed 2 put down Gorsuch

You are a CLOWN Mr. Franken!
Dude that wasn't questioning...that was a comedy bit and you were the JOKE.....huge fail
amazing and to the point questioning!!! 
Why is Gorsuch even getting a hearing while the president that nominated him is being investigated by the FBI?
So Clinton should have never ran for president?  She was under investigation by the FBI.
I agree-HRC shouldn't have run. And now we have a pres who should not get a lifelong SCOTUS pick until (if) he is cleared.
In a room full of lawyers, your common sense line of questioning was refreshing.
Unfortunately, common sense and logic are all too rare in D.C.... Thank YOU, Senator Franken!
Brilliant Job. Wish I was a Minnesotan.
WI is better
You forgot to mention that you beclowned yourself. #AssWipery
well Al you weren't even funny on Saturday night live.Yeah pretty much you're a jackass that tries to be important
.@SenFranken @senjudiciary thank you Senator Franken, your questioning was excellent, you are right on with your assessment of absurdity.
Indeed and I watched
me too, Gorsuch seemed shifty in his seat when Franken questioned him, it was great.
got @JudgeNGorsuch quite good by showing his inhumane style of judging. Do people want such a judge on @SCOTUS? #notmypresident
Sen. Franken please keep fighting the good fight!!
#ImpeachTrump
Senator Franken, you are my hero.  Thanks for asking the tough questions.
I feel your questioning of Gorsuch revealed who he truly is and I urge Dems to force the Nuke option.
Ask him if he thinks Corporations are People.
What Gorsuch would really like to say
https://youtu.be/ZURHD5BU1o8 
.@SenFranken @senjudiciary Confirmation hearings for SCOTUS should be postponed until Fed investigation on Russian collusion is complete.
You should be proud. Made yourself look like the ignorant boob that you really are. You know nothing of trucks/law
#Gorsuch SHOW OR ACTION?  DEMS BLOCK = 60 votes unified (like TeaParty/Brietbart/Trump GOP) - just do it!!!!
thank you @senfranken for speaking for justice and common sense
You should be embarrassed and ashamed the way you spoke to the Judge. You do not belong in any gov't. Just looney.
thanks for asking about the case of the fired trucker:  I agree with your evaluation of Gorsuch's lack of judgment
He is handsome and charming........and way too slick. His answers are just too rehearsed. Plus the #truckerthing 
The hearing should be halted until AFTER the FBI completes investigation into possible collusion!
Thank you for your strong questioning. #postponegorsuch until full investigation of #TrumpRussia
Open wide Stuart - Gorsuch is getting shoved down your gullet whether you like it or not.  And no, people don't like you.
U show U can demonize good ppl/In the process you've shown the Demon resides in U/U no longer R of any use to Amer
What is more absurd than Al Franken being a senator? I thought it was a joke and still do. Go back to cable TV.
Keep asking tough questions. America demands it. Vote no. Republicans Blocked Garland
please keep asking questions and demanding answers. Has he really given an honest answer yet, or just double talk.
@IndivisibleCLT @senjudiciary You are terrific. We don't want Gorsuch n Citizens United.
You said it best; you're tied to absurdity. And there's nothing more absurd to the average American than liberal #hypocrisy
thank you sir, you did a wonderful job. Thank goodness we have u on our side!
why isn't this on hold?
You did a grand job of getting to the bottom of all the muck. You and Bernie are the perfect presidential ticket.
how I felt after  20 min. of ur embarrassing, immature, self-aggrandizing, pompous, "hard questioning"
Oh the Leftist Russian Conspiracy is hilarious but you keep it going if it makes you feel better bout losing
.@SenFranken Somebody had better filibuster this guy. Keep it vacant for four years.
Impressive. Who knew 8 years on the Senate Judiciary > Columbia, Harvard and Oxford educations + years of clerkship and OTJ
would you ask him if he believes healthcare is a human right?
I am so ashamed to have you as a Senator!

You made an absolute fool of yourself but I'm confident you are far too arrogant to recognize that.
plz ask #gorsuch why he would participate in a process that makes him so uncomfortable. When does ethical judge step aside?

Al Franken has proven to be one of the most courageous US Senators and a strong leader of the #Resistance! RETWEET if you stand with him! 
Gorsuch is fruit of the poisonous tree.
Has Gorsuch been asked his legal opinion on denying Garland a hearing? Does he feel complicit in that action?
Filibuster!  He's not cool.  A liar, nervous and fake as hell.  Up there pretending to be whatever...just say no.
besides he's illegitimate.
please ask him if he'll give up his seat if it's proven he was appointed by man who won by colluding w Russia.
Al Franken FRAUD ....SO rude .. need I say more
Thank you for highlighting the absurdity of Gorsuch's ruling in the trucker case. You clearly did your homework. Well done Sen Franken!
@TOYSTAR10 @RabbiJill @sjredmond: (1/2) Thanks so much Al, your questions were needed.  Wish he had better answers
:(2/2)Your questions were good enough,smart enough, and doggone it we like your ??
shouldn't this be out on hold until the Russian invasion on Trumps campaign is settled ?
@BiancaDee3 @senjudiciary in what  do we live that human life has less meaning than corporate greed. No on hearing/Gorsuch!
Corps are amoral & hyper self interested. Can't be "citizens" (w/benefits) b/c they r not responsible
i can't believe you wanted to publicize this- you sounded ridiculous.
I am so Proud of you!!  You are our Voice of Reason,, Thank You!!!
pathetic
U are an embarrassment to yourself & our country.  Nuclear option here we come!  Gorsuch will be confirmed!
.. damn only in US would this dumba$$ be considered for lifetime confirm. I bet the truck drver voted TRUMP though.
BRAVO! Excellent work Senator. TY
.@SenFranken @senjudiciary Alphonse Maddin chose not to freeze to death, and for that he was fired. Neil Gorsuch's dissent was inhumane!
Thank you for your thoughtful questioning and for not backing down.
hopefully you're smart enough to see a qualified justice when he is in front of you. Try hard comedian.
Did you listen to yourself? Your incompetence is painful to watch! @POTUS
I see you're still trying to be a comedian.
Why are the @SenateDems letting #SCOTUShearing go on while @POTUS under @FBI investigation? Not business as usual.
You are an embarrassment, but gosh darn it, people like you. You're questioning was gibberish. Empty suit go home.
Keep up the pressure, Sen. Franken! Awesome job today.
Al terrible acting today, you know he is good, he made every TTL lib look like fools today
It seems crazy to even have hearings given that our election itself was of questionable validity.
Thank you for confronting Gorsuch's absurd ruling, which can only be described as "pro-death." I question his judgement too.
I appreciate your thought-provoking questions to Gorsuch. Keep up the good work.
love your no BS Line of questioning .U were quite effective 2 day in so many ways SIMPLE QUESTIONS
He's a stellar candidate, deserves confirmation. You trended  on Twitter @SenFranken for #newsin4words. Franken One Constitution, Huh?
I love watching you Libs make fools out of yourselves.  You can do nothing to stop the nomination.  #ElectionsHaveConsequences
You are awesome.
Yes we know as we all heard the country collectively gasp at your ignorance, way to go team dimwit #GorsuchHearing
THANK YOU SO MUCH!!! Push for holding the vote until investigation is over and INDEPENDENT PLEASE
NO SCOTUS unless Garland. Poss stolen election=NO mandate, NO trust. Save our moral standing, our freedom,truth.
thanks for your embarrassing (for you) performance that showed us what a putz you are.
it IS difficult to have trust in gorsuch BECAUSE he will be on trump team. #nofaith
Something about him that I don't trust either! Please do not confirm him!
if a trailers brakes freeze up the truck still runs! The driver still has heat and will not freeze.
#getaclue
@terri_georgia @senjudiciary Sen. Franken, you were great today!  Please block this ABSURD nominee. His judgment sucks!
Absolutely agree with your take on the poor fellow and the truck.  Judgement was absurd.
I hope you run for President with  perfect blend of humour, sarcasm & intelligence Perfect POTUS
when have you seen this?
OMG you have fans. What are you feeding them?
@earthtoreform @senjudiciary 
You were outstanding
You spoke in plain English
unfortunately
#NeilGorsuch
couldn't understand U
Senator Franken! You are the man! Franken for President 2017, after @realDonaldTrump is impeached! @billmaher
way to go, Al! You rocked today!!
Great job! Support driver=No duh. CEO, if driver had accident, what would 20/20 hindsight answer be? Been there...
you told him!!! #NoGorsuch truckers story made judge look stupid 
well done!!
he spanked you.
What a joke. You're an embarrassment to MN. Nice job trying to look smart
Thanks for your hardwork today, Senator. So clear you are working for the people and did your homework.
Seriously great job today. You know you have to fight this all the way. We're counting on you.
@jonathanjewel @senjudiciary anything less than a Ginsberg/Sotomayor is a joke.
@jonathanjewel @senjudiciary keeping it 100. Great job today! #StolenSeat
Thank you Sen Franken!  Please keep it up.
you're really scared because he's a constitutionalist
And you were wonderful- saw the clips. I'd wish u were my senator, but my IL senators too.
@hannahblue3 @senjudiciary Come on, Al. Please filibuster this guy. With 45 under FBI investigation, no appts, no EOs, nothing.
"I had a career in identifying absurgery" you don't know crap Mr. SNL
Please Vote No.  Thank you.
my God you are a bore
Great job,thank you
Stop out! Figure out a way.
Get sum backbone. Y! is this guy having a hearing when Feds are investigating of CLEAR Russian interference in US?
Thank you, Sen. for setting the proper tone in the Gorsuch hearing. That this stolen seat is being considered is shameful.
Senator, You Rock!  Your constituents are lucky to have you.
Wikipedia says that cruelty is an exception to the Plain Meaning rule. Relevant to Grsch truck driver case ? @senjudiciary
I held my breath, Senator Franken, during your questioning. You are my hero and a mensch like no other . #resist
Ask his opinion on Senate refusal 2 advise/consent on Garland nom. If Senate ran afoul of Const. why be party to it? YBAnominee?
WE DO NOT WANT THIS LYING JUDGE Gorsuch is a LIAR
Great job Senator Franken - especially re Truck driver. Thank you!
Thank you for your service to the American people, Sir. You are doing a brilliant job.
@EL1421 @senjudiciary 
FRANKEN FOR PRESIDENT 2020
your basically trying to get him to play politics. He did not fall for it!
@kaboobola @senjudiciary no confirmation
well done. Stand strong. Keep saying it, Merrick Garland. Say it to him as often as you can.
Al you are a joke!  Dems all said no SCOTUS should be nom'ed in election year. Quit crying about Garland! Weak!
Bizarre moron Al
Bless you! You did a fab job drilling down on a dousche.We loathe Gorsuck, and glad you saw what we did.DT doesn't get a Scotus
You did a great job of skinning that Pole Cat Gorsuch.  Now, hang his hide on the outhouse door.
amazing job! Thanks for pushing so hard.
Any particular reason why no one asked J. Gorsuch how much prep time he had.  He was VERY polished.  Slippery even
Franken, you were out of your league at Gorsuch hearings. Just politicizing, try learning constitutional law.
 
do the right thing and vote for Judge Gorsuch.
Standing ovation! 
vote Yes for Neil Gorsech. He's a great guy!
HEY I HEARD A SCRIVENER WAS THERE HAHAHAHA  CLOWN
you were amazing!! Thank you!
How can Trump pick a judge when he is being investigated by FBI?Keep grilling Gorsuch!!DEMS will prevail
THIS IS NOT HIS SEAT!
pls ask Gorsuch if he's willing to resign from Court if Trump is impeached/resigns due to Russian collusion.
Go get em, Al!! Stuart Smalley has his DAY!!!!
@Tatum_Oneal @senjudiciary Way to go Al:)!
@Tatum_Oneal @senjudiciary Nice job
thanks for asking the hard questions, if more questions, ask abt women manipulating Maternity Leave?
@Tatum_Oneal @senjudiciary Do you think these hearings should stop while the FBI investigates all things Trump/Russia?  I do.
Thank you, Senator! Now let's put this process on hold until the FBI finishes their investigation of Russian interference.
We don't want him.  #MerrickGarland please.  He is not pro women!
Way to go, Senator. We need people like you to ask the tough questions & hold their feet to the fire. Thank you!
Americans are gud at detecting absurdity; glad ur not my senator. Al "absurd" Franken warming senate too long @senjudiciary
You are awesome!
for President 2020, Make America Respected Again!!!
you are the best !!!!
You were #Incredible and a #RayOfHope to ALL of US that we DO have a #Warrior, #StandingTall against #EmperorTrump! #StopThe4thREICH #Learn
Thank you so much for today.  Fantastic job.  Thank God people like you are there to defend the American people.
#delusionalID10Terror u r
You couldn't recognize the back of your hand. Most of the time your seen on TV at work you're asleep....
Senator Franken's line of questioning was a masterpiece of jurisprudential ignorance.
