@KevinDarryl Great job Senator Franken!!!
My new blog written with my husband on why we stop @BetsyDeVos from becoming Sec. of Ed.
well done! We can't let DeVos over see our schools when she knows nothing about public schools
@davidpsdem @BetsyDeVos bd is a nightmare about to occur forcing religion onto the system-and guns - Betsy go home your drunk
@KevinDarryl Al YOU & the others were phenomenal! Don't settle!! We and our children DESERVE BETTER!!! Thank you for the FIGHT
Why believe you when you accused Price of owning tobacco stocks & how bad that was when YOU OWN TOBACCO STOCKS? Lying hypocrite!
Mrs DeVos looks as clueless as Sarah Palin.
@AidaGray13 Schools must be all-inclusive. Race, gender, orientation has no place in the classroom!
Thank you Al Franken, I might just move from Califoria, to Minnesota, just to vote for you!
Thank you!!!!
Keep hiring these incompetent cabinet choices hard! We thank you!!
thank you for the continued pressure. It's astonishing that such a person was even nominated.
You rock 
Thank you, Sen. Franken! Keep bringing the heat (i.e., truth!)
I apologize that I never knew how Smart you are. You need a show with @billmaher
If she can't research as well as a comedian, how can she improve  education?
how does someone like this get confirmed? Do we have no recourse against the gerrymandering that gave republicans majority?
you both were talking about 2 diff things.  Overall debt went from 240 billion to 1.2 trillion ('04 - '14). Avg debt 13K to 33K.
@montetjwitter11 Noticed her response was only anyone, regardless of age, should get an education.
thank you for doing your job as a Senator.
Ironic that future Head of Educ doesn't know how to study for a test.
Is she smart enough? Is she informed enough? And doggone it, can we trust her? Good job, Senator Al.
Her display of ignorance is horrifying.
Grow up Senator
outrageous! I volunteer to tutor her!
slayyy
go al go!!!
Frankin is right,she knows nothing about Public education and Bernie? She did buy her job.
You rocked this, thank you for your efforts.
@KevinDarryl   Go ahead, say it, "YOU'RE FIRED!"
I wish you were my senator. I'm blue in Texas.
Keep insisting on facts, not confabulation, thank you!
how can I go long student loan debt? #newparadigm
It's unbelievable PAY for PLAY EVERYTHING THAT  TRUMP ACUSED HILLARY OUT OF NO WHERE. NOW WATCH HIM SCUM BAGS ALL PUTIN PUPPET
@nytimes she got asked facts & came up short - not "partisan debate" - she doesn't know her policy or the law. NYT Report facts
She's not good enough, she's not smart enough and gosh darn it, ah hell you know the rest.
You were amazing.  Any thoughts on a run for 2020?  I mean YOU running in 2020....
thank you!!!
@shondi99 oh, how I love thee, Sen. Franken.
Thank you Sen Franken...this woman is a disaster.
The American people also want you to ask more questions. #studentloandebt #titleIX
Her brother helped Donald Trump steal the election!
please do all you can to stop her approval for all the children in this country. Thanks!
Please try to block these incompetent people.
Go AL Franken!!
thank you Senator Franken, for your acute questions and your insistence on real answers.
thanks, Al. you did good work. I miss when you could be funny. If yyou wanna find ways to laugh about all this, check out my YT.
Oh God....another one without a clue
is that a threat?
I watched the confirmation. Her lack of knowledge was breathtaking. Thank you for your pointed questioning.
keep this up and I see your hat being thrown in the ring in 2020!! Franken for POTUS!!!
@RepTomPrice Stuart Smalley smacks-down USRep TomPrice. hmm. Karma loves hypocrites Al, com'in 2 get ya!
Spoken like a true Trump supporter who finds arithmetic difficult. 4 x 8 = 32, not 30
She certainly won 1st prize 4 lack of knowledge! If she's confirmed, these 'hearings' R a total farce!
Senator Franken, thanks for being an island of common sense and intelligence in a newly forming sea of festering crap.
You rock!
please, plz,plz do everything in your power to block the confirmation of Betsy DeVos. Sell your soul/my soul to Satan for it!!
Thank you for standing firm for the American people! #TheResistance #DeVosHearing #resist
Please ask her about Plagiarism and what is her understanding of the act, etc... @robreiner
Double Yikes!
You go Senator!!!!!
@usedgov Dicrimination must not be funded or condoned by the fed gvt but prevented by it @BetsyDeVos
This cabinet is a dumpster fire.
