Without #NetNeutrality rules, multibillion-dollar companies could control where their users get their info and could choose to bury sites.
Paid prioritization would enable ISPs to amplify the voices of those w/ the deepest pockets, while quieting—if not silencing—everyone else.
We can't destroy the internet as we know it. We must uphold #NetNeutrality protections.
I joined the millions of Americans who've voiced support in protecting #NetNeutrality, & today is the last day to submit a comment to @FCC.
This never gets old 
I'm smart enough. Strong enough. And , gosh darn it people like me .... My mirror even laughs at me ; ) : (
Know what else threatened "the basic principles of our democracy"?
YOUR PARTY'S ADMITTED RIGGING OF THE PRIMARIES.
#DNCfraudLawsuit
#DemExit
I agree! We need to go forward, not backwards. Americans deserve to be safe at home.
could that lead to State run media?  Very scary thought.
And FoxNews is already set up for it.
I refuse to watch Fox.
I think most of the ppl on this site feel the same.  the UK, BBC just dropped them.  It's a beginning I hope.
how sad is that?????
Corporations run Governments all over World they Bribe Politicians so they Represent them Against the People @POTUS @AuSenate
But giant corporations write, fund, and buy your election so you pass their legislation, Senator. Where's your objection to that? Hypocrite.
Are you referring to megacompanies like Google, larger, more influential than any news service, that intentionally pushes liberal message?
Ummmmmmmmmm, interesting, but is that not already how things are???????
Senator Franken, Texas Legislators should be ashamed for taking away their citizens right to know about hazardous chemicals/sites!
Like you give a shit! Ha ha ha!
EXACTLY, THANK YOU FOR ACKNOWLEGING THE TRUTH, WELL SAID
It already has 🖒
Corporations invade everything.  The internet is one place that should be free and clear of these greedy beasts.
Why shouldn't they? I mean they're already writing our laws via ALEC and their lobbying efforts are unparalleled
Know what else threatened "the basic principles of our democracy"?
YOUR PARTY'S ADMITTED RIGGING OF THE PRIMARIES.
#DNCfraudLawsuit
#DemExit
Seems to be a trend these days!!
Principles of our democracy have long been compromised by corporate ownersip of Congress. We need campaign finance reform but won't get it.
Add it to the list.
You're my hero
Add it to the list.
The basic principles of democracy have already been eroded in the USA
aaaannnnnd yet we already do, sir.
I don't feel restricted.
Would you be willing to elaborate? (140 character limitation noted ;)   )
Although there are pay sites, they don't offer anything that I can't get for free. Plus, no sites are really slow for my computer.
*Democratic Republic
Yes! I need to watch my #Workaholics !
Truth.
Yep! Educated enlightened voters are not at all liked..never have been..keep em dumb pregnant & at home!
Can u explain to everybody why this administration is allowed to stay, when they have contributed to the USA  NOT SAFE Anymore.Amendment 25
And that's why you ARE a Giant of the Senate. #frankenforpotus2020
The AHCA is exactly this...taxing citizens if they refuse to have it and remain uninsured. You are so lucky that most Americans have no idea
Franken/Warren 2020 or Warren/Franken 2020
It would give corporations the ability to shape public opinion using censorship.  It's scary.
Yes,  please keep reminding us
And having a Trump isn’t hurting? Focus man Focus!!!
Run for president Al, seriously.
Freedom of the press, communication, and separation of church and state!!!
Please be charitable with your donations to the victims in Texas and Louisiana.
Apparently that's what they do in Texas. If you want to know what a chemical co makes they don't have to tell you.
(Too late.)
Somewhat like what DJT and Dox News are doing w their fake and dishonest news -
I am in agreement Senator Franken, corporations are notorius for screwing the consumer over and over again!
#AlFranklenForPresident 

Thanks for always looking out for U.S.

Thank you
This is what already happens, tho. Big corps have controlled media since there were big corps to control media. Democracy has managed.
Telling them not to at all is not going to work - they need guidelines, how they can control & how not, like Can's CRTC for tv
2020's, @SenFranken decade?
Sinclair is a threat.
This is a democracy?  Isn't it about time we let go of that fantasy?  We elected a fascist, Senator.
2020, @SenFranken
I hate delivering bad news sir but your "democracy" is death.
They're wagging @realDonaldTrump to distract us & divide us while stripping our rights&some of us have had enough!
Sir, have you taken a good hard look at who has been placed in this admin. personnel? This entire admin is destroying our country/laws.
You describe Fox and others already busy destroying democracy.
As well as make for some god awful programming.
Please do your best to keep net neutrality, thanks...(so much work, so little time)
You may not have meant it that way but this does double as a joke, and I did laugh out loud...
needs more.  By content assuming you are talking about web
You thinking Sinclair Comms?
Have you seen the local cable news monopolies over the last 20-30 years?
Isn't that what is happening now?
please this is not about parties it is about saving this country from a madman in the PEOPLES house SOMETHING MUST BE DONE

#SaveAmerica
Now you saying something.
They pay #AiPAC who writes all mayor legislation and gets paid through high CEO pay so Corp can also write it off @realDonaldTrump
Mind control?
#FrankenWarren2020
Like insurance company telling everyone what to do?
Yes like censoring the press. So many basic principles being threatened under #45TheSchmuck
Keep net neutrality. Enjoying your book.
effin A!
Wait a minute they do that already, have been for a long time
Wat? So Reddit should continue harboring hate speech, Amazon should relist racist music? Their choice in a free market.
Allowing corporations to self regulate safety regarding their chemicals is unconscionable. #crosbytexas @CNN @MSNBC
We know all this already.  Impeach Trump!
you dems forced closing of thousands of factories,lost of millions of American jobs, still continue to lie and say you care!
Like everything else this administration puts forward..like..how jealous can one orange dude be of Obama?
Sometimes our world feels cloaked in mysteryIf U  mystery & drama,
Man, we're so far past that !
How about the principle of #liberty? Are they free?
Corporations aren't people
#ROFL Supreme Court begs to differ. But you, sir-who owns YOUR labor? Are you free? Can you profit from your ideas? Just a thought.
Ideas aren't what he's talking about, hiding the truth so people can't make free and thoughtful decisions for themselves with all the facts
We are completely off track. Nothing more to say here.
Problem with net neutrality is, it's taken for granted, like public libraries. We need an informed electorate to defeat paid priorities.
Let's apply this to Sinclair trying to acquire the televisions stations as well. We already have state run propaganda network called FOX
Works in North Korea, I guess.
Why can texas poo poo safty regulation in texas. Then expect us to fund their cleanups.
Kind of like what Instagram, Facebook and Twitter do every day
Very true!
Where the hell have you been?
Agreed Sen. Franken. @SenDuckworth @DickDurbin @RepDannyDavis- Do not let the Big Brother @GOP control Internet content #NetNeutrality !
The states should take control of telecom infrastructure and impose true #NetNeutrality and open universal access. @WIRED

But not of fascism! Which is what these pricks want.
SenFranken..CuldU TellMeWher thDistributedFund$4th 5G Model CityFunding WENT? Supposdly distrbtd2EA.County Already? But no ApplctnsYet? #USA
Similar to the way Twitter would like to "curate" the content you see....
It will promote VPN..FLOW  $ into Rogue VPN False Feeds and? Might Start a 2nd REALLY FREE Internet!! What else2DoWithMyMoney? LifeFwd~*;p
I invested..scraped2Get my5G Antenna2help w- 5G Infrastructure 2020 Collaborative Deadline. This would NOT B #Collaborative 4 #WeThePeople
Senator, please step up and become our voice. So sick of hearing Democrats have no leader. We lost because of a treasonous plot. Get Loud!!!
They already are...Sunclair
ya but, these are Republicans we are talking about. When have they ever cared about democracy?!
Aren't they doing it now with news? What does the Fox say?
Add- giant corporations and Government
Yep, they know 
Is that not what happens now with broadcast television and news orgs? Understanding that makes #NetNeutrality even more important
Fight for campaign finance reform. Corporations are not individuals. Get big money out of our government. We need freedom not corp. slavery
Important thread.
#NetNeutrality #ThingsDemsAreFor
is right.  Corporations deciding what we can see puts us on the road to fascism.  #NetNeutrality
Allowing giant corporations to pick and choose content available to everyday Americans would threaten the basic principles of our democracy.
They can bite me!
OK, but it looks like the whole friggin' government Trump has installed is a threat to the basic principles of our democracy.
Senator Al Franken, run for President in 2020 or sooner....
@JonJusth doubt our current leadership cares.
Because there's only one Giant!
Too little too late, Al
Everything seems to be a little too late. Let's hope that we can take back our country and restore democracy, freedom and equality for all.
Al, your preaching to the choir!
Trump, impeach, when?
Wasn't that called television?
It doesn't end at net neutrality. @Google's heavy handedness must be investigated. e
Don't let corporations control our information.
You mean like the way MSM only focuses on the politicians whose views are in lock step w their corporate owners?
And the way superdelegates vote against their constituency.
Helping the poor & working class = socialism. Same people who complain about welfare give our hard earned money to corporations. Go figure.
Run. For. President.
Let us not forget Citizens United must be brought back. We must get foreign $ out of the Congress's pockets. The LLCs must be stopped.
Until people start winning with public funding campaigns, few will do it.
I've submitted comments to @FCC but I don't think our comments mean as much as the multi-billion $ companies paying everyone off. Sickening.
That is one of the lessons in life hard to swallow! Bill Clinton used to say....I can feel your pain! Writing to your Sen or congr helps?
Like NBC? NYT?
No tax reform or bill until we see DT taxes!  Raise the Debt ceiling, help Harvey victims & pass a budget without DT cuts & NO WALL !!!
As it is, it's almost gone already. Time is running out for the great experiment in self-governing.
SUPER-DELEGATES (like you) threaten our democracy even more!  #WeREMEMBER
It's already happening to a certain extent with cable tv deciding what commercials we see.
Would look like North Korea
Great deal. But if you've seen WeHo you might think twice. Pretty soon they won't be able to give apartments away!
I absolutely agree sen franken  thanks for all you do #the best
This has been BUSINESS as usual in USA since at least 1914. More likely 1864.
We can do so much , but you Senator making some kind of alliance with all we would have the power to impeach ! No more of this chaos
@FCC
Keep our internet open.  #NetNeutrality
Impeach now !
To late! Ever hear of Amazon, @CNN ,@MSNBC , @NBC, @ABC , @CBS etc. etc
@GOOGLE , and of course the lying liars and the lying liars that tell them, #DEMS!
You can call us 'ordinary' Americans, Al - go ahead, we can take it, honest we can... <sniffle>
Truly a giant of far more than the Senate, and no irony. A giant of human rights; ethics; other important stuff. Great book btw.
??????
Devry just settled for 100 million dollars with the FTC for defrauding students. What I'm saying is this seems like a bad fit. https://twitter.com/mstratford/status/902690544706617344 …
Introduce a bill compelling all telecomm companies to divest any entertainment/content companies.  That should keep #NetNeutrality alive
Hear, HEAR!
kind of like the way goverment tries to control everything that we do?
No.
There used to be a PUCO that would keep everyone from stepping on the Lil guy and tariffs that had meaning like a lil law to protect we ppl
It's a great path to feudalism. Isn't that the goal?
This seems to be what is happening.. big corps big pharma big insur cable phone & tv=  [lobbyist making deals w con sen] vs the people [us]
Sen Franken keep on working to maintain net neutrality as is & not in telecoms hands. See what @RepErikPaulsen can do in the house to help.
Net neutrality is the key to an informed and functional republic!
You need to run for president.
Democrats have to get out the specifics to everyone. No one's paying attention.
#JustLikeTrump
You are absolutely right about that!  When will this craziness end????
Give the FCC its authority back.
Like Sinclair media?
Time to dismiss that controversial legal stunt called Citizens United!
Your media experience is so important dealing with this issue. Keep up the great work.
Like NBC, ABC, FOX, CBS and others?
Poor argument
True, but he's referring to Comcast charging you extra to visit YouTube or Twitter, etc. I don't have cable, internet my news/entertainment.
Like a network setting advertiser rates or even not allowing advertisers? Net neutrality is more complicated than the comedian lets on.
I don't understand. What are you referring to?
The probelem is we let Regan kill "The Fairness Docterine" Requiring all networks to devote equal time to opposing views.
Thank you for your service to Minnesota and the nation.
RUN, Al. 

Run.

Please @SenFranken run for President!
Al Franken: Giant of the Presidency
He is very cool calm and collective so perfect for that job!
Yet ANOTHER threat to the basic principles of our democracy under this so-called administration.
So is that was the DNC is, a giant corporation to pick and choose candidate Al!
Wake up!
Frankly, consolidation underassive companies like Amazon and Google are just as big of a threat. Must have stronger antitrust enforcement!
Massive. Don't know where underassive came from.
They're a new low in Asses - Underasses!

Allowing government to pick and choose healthcare plans, threatens the basic principles of democracy! It's also theft, from the middle class
You go, Al.  I don't understand it, but I trust you. Go get 'em!
You don't have to understand. Just let @FCC know you want to keep net neutrality.
SHUT UP Marsha!
Please ask Mueller to hurry up!
Like Fox?
The DNC picking Hillary for a small group of ppl verses Say Bernie.
