Violence like this has no place in Minnesota and no place in America.
Tell the #Muslims to stop building bombs to attack #America!
#Islamists create a fake crime.
The #Islamic version of the #MattressGirl
Xenophobia, misogyny and conspiracy theories all in a single tweet, bravo!
He exposes lying leftists.

Go blow #GeorgeSoros Becky.
No I think Jared & ivanka already gargled his nut sack!
Hey Kandi and so-called Fan, the Vikings called, they don't want racist fans like you.
Then stay away race-baiter!

#RaceBaitingIsRacism. 

PS...The Vikings love me .... And you can #Kiss my ass
You tweeted a swastika to taunt a "leftist".  And I'm race-baiting?
Rigging elections and primaries have no place in America, but you and the DNC had no trouble doing it.
Projection.
Of what? Franken's state voted overwhelmingly for Sanders. Franken cast his superdelegate vote for Hillary. How is that Democracy?
Left purity tests are part of why Trump won.
Purity tests blah blah blah.  Establishment Dems just want progressives to ignore their corruption and vote for them as is.  Not good enough
Glad to see elected officials standing up and condemning these acts!  Where's #donthecon?
with minimum wage increases it's causing small businesses like restaurants down town to go out of business and or closed.
Sen Franken
You got some really stupid wing nuts as #voters...who are brainwashed by CNN...
101110110111011011010101111 #putinbot
Did you tweet this when a Democrat #wing nut tried to kill Republicans recently? Of course not because they were not wing nut liberals!
6/14 at 7:45 am he tweeted he was horrified. Of course, I'm giving you a fact so you'll likely ignore it. So here's a meme instead.
Loving people from around the world are what makes America, and what makes it great. Hatred only stands in the way of greatness.
You're  likely to see more as time goes on.  Huge clash of cultures.  White Anglo-Saxon versus Muslims.  Centuries old conflict.
True!
Thank you for speaking up, fellow Oriole.  It is hard to see this as a former Minnesota and SLP resident.
Evangelacles are intencifying the spread of fake news to instill fear and hatred umong their intellectually challenged base!
@speculawyer senator: wouldn't "terrorism" be a slightly better word than "violence"?
Then letting innocent people die just because your party is beholden to the insurance industry. Single payer now, Senator.
your Tweet was quoted in a story by @washingtonpost
Yes or amen.
I'm horrified by the amount of hatred and non-acceptance of freedom of religion. Freedom of religion is part of our democracy in the USA!
Your fault. Say you're sorry all day long won't change it. #Sellout #Traitor
Liberals are obstructionists and should be ashamed of themselves.
You should consider learning some words other than "obstructionist" and "fake news".
Senator, violence like this has no place **anywhere** on the planet. i grew up near Fargo ND. used to think ND and MN were sooo friendly.
I think covfefe is some kind of code.
Send the Nasty cockroaches back to their homeland and there won't be anymore future issues or explosions!!
Very sad
Please run for President.  We really need you!
Ya. That'll work.
How about "has no place in our world"...
It's a sad day in America when, in Minnesota an explosion damages a Mosque, while in Colorado a Jewish Synagogue is vandalized.
Some people out there among the population are individuals hell bent on setting off WW3.  Apparently, peaceful coexistence angers them.
To use a metaphor, we are a world soaked in gasoline, inside a bottle filled with gun powder, & some twisted person holds the match...
Which will set off an unstoppable chain reaction.  If we don't get our shit together, we'll escalate quickly to annihilation.  #coexist
Besides what would you expect to happen in a Sanctuary city.When u allow anyone into this state illegally. Do you not understand? Illegally
This coming from a man who has done nothing but obstruction. You really don't have any moral authority over anyone else.  Maybe less
So terribly sad.  What has our country come to? Seems like we are heading back to KKK and midnight rides.
1.  Either do Somalis. Whether this is a hoax perpetrated by the mosque itself or a legitimate attack ... it is predictable.
2.  Diversity + proximity = conflict. As long as we continue to import 3rd world citizens we will accrue 3rd world problems.
So, "has" or "has no" THIS place in America? Do you/Demos talk imagination or reality, tomorrow's dreams or today's truth? @Steven_K_Bannon
https://youtu.be/vhhlYAsPiH8  Minnesota is turning into a HELL HOLE! That's what Dems want for the rest of the country.
https://youtu.be/HuLNoqaXUvo  The cream of the crop!
https://youtu.be/xgx9FFZHf0Q 
Really? Tell that to the residents of MN that  experience high crime with the Somali refugees u idiots let in. THIS IS WHY DEMS ARE LOSERS!
unfortunately the crime in Minneapolis is going due to the state RAISING  THE MINIMUM WAGE! It's slow turning in to Detroit.
Hey, does Sen. Franken support single-payer health care?
Why did your party employ anti-American IT specialists? Why aren't you denouncing this? Are you bought by the moslem brothood too?
No place on Earth!
Very sad to hear. Minnesotans are better than this!
Very sad.
sadly this is #trumpsamerica. but more indication, if prob ven terror not Muslims ppl need fear. http://www.globalresearch.ca/non-muslims-carried-out-more-than-90-of-all-terrorist-attacks-in-america/5333619 …
My hometown. What is going on? 
The administration who let all these yo-yos in without checking them that's who to blame

And the war they threatened has begun.
TRUMP's CONSTANT promotion of Nationalism and non-support of his own sister's career: Judge Barry & the Judicial process PROMOTES HATE! SAD
We can thank the Trump administration for the violence increase.
What are you talking about?? The democrats and "deep state" brought them here. It's a disgrace what the last 8 years brought the US to.

"Violence"... Otis a terrorist attack and hate crime.  Call it what it is!
Agreed. I hope an investigation finds out the truth, and Justice is done.
This coming from a man who wants to forcibly remove the President of the United States....


You are the best Al.  So grateful to have you on the good side!!
Me:  (somberly to 12 yo son) There was a bomb placed inside a mosque in--
Son: (looking over my shoulder at your pic) Wasn't he on @nbcsnl ?
Try not paying your taxes.
Islam-Sikh-Jewish-Christian-Buddist, we are all children of Creation. Tears & prayers; nothing makes this right at this time Bless us all.
Weird....Shooting and murders in Democrat run #Minneapolis on a nightly basis, and nary a word from you.  
Way to ignore the hate crime in front of you and somehow blame democrats.
Terrorism
But check out Dana's new NRA video...
You've got too many caucasian racists in the Mideest! They come to SW Florida for Stand Your Ground and the KKK.
I'd start by looking for men wearing red hats with a stupid slogan on the front and a rebel flag on the back of their pickup.
I AGREE!  @realDonaldTrump PROMOTES VIOLENCE AND ALL THE NUT JOBS WHO FOLLOW HIM! WHEN WE REMOVE @realDonaldTrump MAYBE THERE WILL BE PEACE
Oh you poor mixed up person. How does that fit in for the last 8yrs. Oh that's right, blame that on Bush. Look in the mirror and see answer
Franken for President 2020! Al! Al! Al! Dems need a moving force to give them direction & vigor! Save us from Trump!
Under Trump,it does. All his hateful racists feel empowered to do whatever they like. Under Sessions,they're protected.
Unfortunately the people at Trump rallies may disagree with you.
I suggest we hold off on the straw man attack until more is known
Fair enough
Big an of violence against fellow americans are you? Typical bot
That's why we should deport these #Muslims. Bad news & Our Supreme Leader #POTUS WIVH don't like them.
Victim blaming eh?  Your Brave New World sounds like a horrible place.
That whole "our supreme leader" seems a bit scary.
Yeah. Kind of hoping it's sarcasm. If not, well...overdosed on the Fool-Aid.
Based on his timeline I'm guessing it's Fool-Aid.
Leaning that way myself.
