I have concerns abt @FCC considering whether mobile broadband service—at lower speeds—could replace faster fixed broadband services now.
While I have these concerns, glad @FCC heeded my call to give Americans more time to make their voices heard abt high-speed internet needs.
Find out more abt extended @FCC comment period ahead of potential changes to #broadband service standards: https://www.franken.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=3755 …
Broadband should be regulated as a public utility. This service is a natural monopoly. Access is essential in today's society.
Makes sense to me. These days you can't find a job without the internet. Kids can't do their homework without the internet.
Dude, I'll take access to dental care over broadband any day. Sorry but I just got told it'll be six months till I can see the town dentist.
I have NO access to dental care at all. No transportation and the government dentist is 20 miles away. Im 70 and embarassed to smile.
Solidarity, my friend. If I were close by I would drive you there in a heartbeat. You deserve better. We all do
Bless you.
We have 3 megs.   :(
Hard to believe that we've had internet service via .@FrontierCorp for nine years and it sucks as bad now as it did then.  Thanks Walker.
Linda, what's the trouble you're having with service today?  ^EGS
Well like right now for example as I'm complaining about my service, it's inexplicably gone. No internet.  Stuff like this ALL the time .
Do you notice that any of the lights on the router go out when you have this trouble?  ^EGS
The modem is downstairs and I'm upstairs.  I'm going to reboot everything again and see how long that lasts.
To avoid duplicating efforts, we'll defer to phone support but let us know if you have any further questions or concerns.  ^EGS
45 minutes from downtown Mpls and I have to pay $5 a gig for data, and it's not delivered very fast. Nobody cares.
Broadband is at the county road but not into the development. It's just sitting there, doing nothing.
Fiber optic runs through our township, but no access for residents.
What's wrong with dial up?
Free would be better...
GOP will stand against this because the internet is the antidote to low information voters
Their main priority is an honest functioning government!
I work from home, in a field that requires broadband. 512 Kbps is all we can get here. Kids can't even do required schoolwork.
Reliable, affordable, & high speed - to research issues (health, political, social) effectively.  No slow, dropped, un-transmitted data.
And shouldn't have to rely on only one company
Love you, Al, but clean water above local politics is maybe a larger priority than internet access.
Based on what?
.@SenFranken No better example of Monopolies in US than internet. Congress has the power to change that. #NetNeutrality is also an issue.
Let's start by helping them stay out of jail! End the war on drugs that is aimed at who you speak of!
Not happening at present. One single mother studied for and took her entire . .  GED I think it was -- on her flip phone.
What if your local cable broadband company has a monopoly and refuses you service? Mobile was my ONLY option
But then all the broadband companies wouldn't make max profits!!!! They're like the drug companies - they have peeps by the Ass!!!
Yes! I live out in the country and Hughes Net? It works (poorly) but...complete ripoff. I feel like I'm  missing out on so much...
Jeremy, We are sorry that your service doesn't work as well as you like please come to @AskHughes and send us a DM #AskHughes -A
We need a Republican to take your seat! That would really make me happy then you could return to the vile Saturday Night Live! I boycott SNL
...and healthcare. Health probably more important than broadband.
Well, I would start with a healthcare for everybody. Maybe food, work, housing.... Then you can go further
Did you deliberately misspell "Cthulhu?"
No, there are many forms of Chuthulu and his names^^
Good job sir! Keep fighting this way and help everyone be on the same footing re access to info! Information = Education! This is important!
Hello
Amen Senator Franken, Sir!
@chadglasn for so many reasons!!!
Now with HD data everywhere, charging for data use by avg $10.00 per GB becomes abusive.
Major providers play the 85% rule. They cover 85% & get their rural tax break, while continuing to ignore the unserved areas most in need.
Republicans dont want poor people to use google to research science and facts. This includes the poor red south...
I get internet from the library if I need a computer
That's one of the things @POTUS44 was working on... free/cheap broadband for low income & reservations. Also this:

You flirt.
I love him
In the info age, should be constitutional right. We all go insane when we lose connectivity
The only way I see broadband coming to my rural area is on the same Coop poles that I get electric from, Let them hook me up ! @FCC
Ahhh, considering recent developments maybe you should add in "SECURE"...
 rural broadband damn
We did it with electricity and telephones; we can do it with broadband.
I'll settle for reliable & affordable healthcare
And health care
We also must act to protect our Internet privacy
Amen-single best investment I can think of 2 improve personal incomes, increase employment rates, add tax revenue, & shrink the income gap.
With these emergencies the need is obvious.
And healthcare...
In rural east Tenn. No broadband. Satellite internet 200 deposit + lots of $$ to "buy or rent" equip and limits on data. Mobile net $! HELP!
And unrestricted broadband!
Tribal? Broadband? Sign me up...
Hey be nice to Al!
The GOP disagrees since broadband became a thing and establishment Democrats have done nothing but express concern.   Not good enough .....
Absolutely!
What do you think it is every Americans right to be educated & informed or something? Who needs Internet we can just use town criers? Right?
It's just as important as a library for our students today.
Thank you for remembering to include tribal communities! #WeExist #WeResist
Otherwise, how else will Russian have access to influencing their views on American politics?
We should have a sane president too. #justsayin
Where does it say that in the Constitution?
Does it have to be?
Speaking of the Constitution, are you concerned about the possibility of a constitutional convention? We're a few states shy of that.
Looking forward to OneWeb! Currently paying too much to access internet through cell phone data program.
Plus, a choice wouldn't hoit.
Do universal access charges / taxes go toward that?
Can't LIKE this enough.
How about free broadband? It would ultimately stimulate the Economy.
Let's get #Healthcare fixed first #MedicaidForAll
With net neutrality.
Can you explain how this could be accomplished.  We have many rural fire departments who can't get service, cause it's too sparse.
Al you might want to double check your priorities. Stop pandering and do your damn job.
@SenFranken 2020!
Pretty please :)

Commercial service. Profitability, supply & demand are the drivers, Senator. Fed gov't not in that business.
Yeah, reliable and affordable health care would be great, too.
Thank you Sen Franken, internet should be accessible to everyone.
I fought for this in New Mexico
Where I live is all of the above - I can access it, but does it have to be so expensive?
Parts of rural California have some of the worst access in the world. Needs to change.
#FrankenWarren2020
This is dumb
Can we start with electricity?
I think especially those communities, as they likely have less ready access to libraries, banks, government offices, video rental, etc.
You are so right and not satellite service which is a rip off Other countries decided 2 wire their country why can't we?
And healthcare
Even if its not economically reasonable to do so? Why dont they move?
Broadband is a right, not a privelage. 
best twitter ever!
Yes and thank you
Agreed.
And your sentence could end with the word "healthcare"
just as well.
AGREED, but what do u think of a 3 term limit  for members of congress? No more life time politicians! Clean up congress!
Should be a public utility..with reasonable rates like the rest of the civilized world
Here in Tennessee our electric cooperative is going to build it..#socialismworks
Thanks for including tribes!
I would just like to be able for my antenna to pick up PBS affiliate, cause it was dropped by GOP-owned translator. No $ for ppv
Then we can start by breaking up the monopoly of the cable providers. Their broadband coo a few years back was wrong for all of us.
Take notice MN ur Senator cares not about failing ACA which he doesn't use, not about lowering ur taxes but he cares for broadband, good job
So you think a person can only work on one thing at a time? He has worked on healthcare and lower taxes. This is important too!
Really Sharon? I don't see any evidence of him working on lowering taxes nor will he. It's all about Al. He is just another lib fraud.
Rural Alabama is has zip!
Wow. No broadband?
My county is currently working with AT&T to get it, but right now, nope!
A comprehensive  infrastructure plan should include internet, high-speed rails, repair of roads etc.
Hope this is to lighten a very frighteningly dark world right now?
My internet in Northern Wisconsin resembles dial up.
in Israel the internet is free for the whole country--internet providers in US r thieves, lots of hidden costs, raising rates, poor service
Move to Israel.
Even now access from the major providers is grudgingly offered and only with small specific criteria that very few low income meet.
Public internet in Chattanooga is 1000 times faster than what you and I are getting from the for-profit providers
Why should my taxes pay for broadband for a bunch of Trump supporting rural communities?  They should rely on government less.
YEAH, Stuart Smalley, Daily Affirmation: The GOP is the The Hyena, the RESIST traps Hyenas
yes 2 continue to RESIST against this idiot in the WH.
This is already the law in Finland and maybe similar countries. Internet connectivity defined as a human right!
Maybe you should move to Finland! Why is internet connectivity considered a human right?  I think that your priorities may be out of whack
Preach it. Fiber optic for all!!!
How is that going to bring these populations prosperity? That should be the 1st priority, before making them easier-to-access consumers.
So much 
Fwiw, Nutelecom clerks repeatedly lied to me about bringing high-speed to my rural address  over years, dble billed me for phone &  internet
Our internet is so expensive and though unlimited, slow. Across the street, though, they get lines to their house and pay 1/3 what we pay.
Healthcare!
I support this! Tired of kids lagging and getting kills in #RainbowSixSiege . #HighSpeedForAll
Broadband should be free. We should lead the world in SOMETHING.
News flash, nothing is free. Sorry.
How do we make our voices heard?
None of us, urban rural or anywhere have access 2 reliable or affordable broadband as long as @comcast exists. Break them up
and net neutrality!
Don't I pay a monthly fee/tax to support this.  Seems like I have paid that forever.  Where does this go?   Thx
Yes. Yes they should. Thank you.
Which they can use to witness the creeping horror that is our collective inaction over addressing climate change.
Please run #2020
This is what you care about? U need to go away
Al - I live 3 miles from Taylors Falls MN. No broadband here. How can we run a business in this age of the Internet without service?
absolutely right. where i live, only 1 cable provider, and they're gouging the crap outa us
From rural Virginia, I completely agree!
Hey I don't even have that and I am only 90 miles from DC
Hard to believe we are so behind so many other countries on this
Hell, we still run wires up on poles for storms to blow down
How about worrying about making sure everyone has drinkable water first...?
They need internet so they can complain about their water on Twitter duh.
what a senseless waste of taxdollars!Liberals continue to give free stuff to lazy aholes on backs of Taxpaying,Working Americans
It wouldn't be free even if it were available. It would be a service that you pay for. School children need it badly to keep up with peers!
Agreed
This might expand the world view of younger generations living in such communities, beyond Fox news & oppressive ministers.
Pleas run for president
Affordable medical care would be better.
Where do we make our comments to the FCC?
Comanche, Tx has dial up speed.. have to wait for someone to give up their faster broadband before new accounts can be upgraded.
Now there's another take we should have listened to. Thank you Senator, this is why we need more rural/small town progressives in office.
You should be vp on Kamala Harris ticket in 2020.
Education and access to the internet would be a great way to defeat 45
And healthcare. And clean water. Broadband is now first tier Maslow.
Ooh good one with the Maslow. 
Yes, and it can be done if the appropriate bills are passed and the money allocated correctly. Although just leave out "FOX NEWS"! LOL
Can you clarify your statement by saying what speed is minimum to be considered broadband? I don't have 25mbps+ in Berkeley, CA.
Broadband is always on and greater than 10Mbs.I think 40 should be a minimum that way 3 ppl can YouTube or a stream of learning training vid
Sorry senator we're (as in the admin) busy trying to crush net neutrality :-((
Tribal?
Native American
Bring it on Senator Franken! Bring it on.
Ummmm, and health insurance
Rural areas voted overwhelmingly for Trump. By doing so, they told you they disagree with your statement.
Maybe they didn't have access to the information they needed to make an informed decision.
But not affordable health insurance?
Remember, we paid for this before: (this is why we need regulations):
http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/5839394 …
I can't wait until you are president! #PresidentFranken #Franken2020
Don't hold your breath.  He is a fraud and a hypocrite.
I disagree.
I am not surprised.
thanks for your work to make this possible
The best internet money can buy...
Upstate NY here.still living with horrendous 1990s speeds and below.Shameful,honestly. Money drives it all, no money here for infrastructure
Should but won't lol such a local gov Rhetoric not even worthy of your time or office there are much more pressing things you should be on
Like NORT KOREA ordering the damn lazy CIA to do their job and earn their pay what the he'll are you people waiting for????
Agreed!  We can't let the 1% get their grubby mitts around this, too.
YES! We live in a rural area, 3 miles from a major university, and our internet barely works. Ridiculous situation using aging phone lines.

Live Rural America. Options minimum data, slower than dial up internet. $250,000-$5,000,000 home area. Not all Rural are Poor or Farmers.
I live in rural Central OH, and can't get broadband. Please keep pushing!
# I can't either
Please be president.  Your country needs you.  Franken/Harris 2020?
If there is no or minimal competition there is no incentive for companies to give us affordable prices.
The cable companies that provide internet services are tiny monopolies that make it hard to have internet at an affordable price.
Agreed but private enterprise will not be able to do it in low density areas.
Just wanted to let  you know.  You are awesome.  Hell of a Statesman.  I'd love for you to represent me.   Not worth the snow, tbf.
I wish he would move to where you live. He is an embarrassment.
Take Rick Scott and we have a deal!
My son can't do homework or research. No internet
I live in park City Utah
You don't have libraries in Utah?
I live less that 1 hour from the state capital and we don't have access to broadband internet!  It's 2017!  We need help. Thank you
Charter bought Bright House in Michigan and the price gouging has begun-cable more expensive than gas and lights
the cable business is now worse than the used car business - hope politicians start looking into the price gouging and misleading practices
There goes your Comcast kickbacks.
Thank you for leading this fight for Net Neutrality
Broadband is good but clean water and sanitation are also desperate needs.
Unbelievable. https://twitter.com/atul_gawande/status/905761077505511424 …
@katiecouric Unbelievable and unacceptable. We plan to do something about it. Provide jobs while bldg sustainable infrastructure. #goodland
You are aweful close to saying this is a right?  Please define reliable and affordable.  Should businesses be forced to lose money this?
You say this while cheating progressives.
Comcast gives me one offer: $80 a month. My 35 year old male landlord gets an offer from Comcast of $30. This is not right.
how about giving them equal protection under the law first bucky
Yes. How are we to be competitive with China and other countries, when we make it so hard to obtain basic needs in education?
My family was extremely late on getting high speed internet. Not sure how I would've completed college if we waited longer.
Our internet infrastructure should be
at least
as good as that of South Korea.
who should pay Senator
Maybe tax cuts for billionaires will help?
And healthcare.
