I would like you to bust his damn ass, Senator, and make him pay for withholding damaging information.
Jesus H. Christ!!!! These people!!!
Press him until the fat flows.
Thank you Senator!
Nationalize credit reporting and let NSA secure it.  Or sue them into oblivion & hope whomever buys what is left does a better job!
Yes you are.
Thank you, @SenFranken!
Is there anyway the govt can make Equifax automatically freeze all accounts?  The burden should not be on us to contact Equifax!

What about that IRS no bid contract Senator?
Serious questions/issues need to be addressed by this Corp... American publics personal info, they no fault of own, now at great risk. Fix!
How about finding out the details of the DNC hack? That should be easier for you to get right? Who did it and how?
Give him this please. Just kidding, don't.
Good luck with getting anything out of a former employee. What, is he going to be fired again? They don’t care. It’s all about profit
Ask them why do I have to pay to freeze my credit line?
Thank you!
WHY are they still getting new government contracts ?
Who hacked this company???
Thank you senator Franken
Keep pressing, Senator Franken.  And we need an opt-out option for all three of the credit reporting firms.
Thank you! You truly represent the middle class.
https://twitter.com/sensasse/status/915715917207629824 … @SenFranken is this true???
So, post-hack, Equifax gets $$$ in a no-bid IRS contract & potentially profits selling ID protection to hack victims? We deserve answers. 
Get it done now. You won’t have time for such things when you’re President.
And cancel government contracts
What the F is this about??
Demand/legislate mandatory credit monitoring for all! @Equifax owes all of us that at the very least.
You are so brave. Please be our president.
Predatory companies are tearing into us! Maybe it's time to bring a class action civil suit against the representatives who take lobby $.
Go Al go !!!! Much love to you.
Please also address their sole source contract awarded by the IRS. Charged with protecting taxpayer personal information 
Good luck!
Is this true!!!!
They need a good sweeping . They have too much power & control  of information about our lives to be allow to cover up this serious mistake
Don't let the profit from this by selling "protection" insurance policies - what are they, the flipping mob from the '20s?
Please make them pay.
Hey Fabulous Senator, the link doesn't work, but I am sure you were brilliantly pointing out the fraudulent practices!
Al Frankin for president.
Please do, Al. They should not get off easy. Have you tried to freeze your credit report. Trust me, it's impossible
Run for pres. Al
Is there a way to review the recently reported no-bid contract granted to Equifax by the IRS?  Seems totally inappropriate.
Thank you Senator
Ask him why I get denied for fridge purchase? #FakeCreditScores
Equifax should be banned from collecting personal information, as they've created an "attractive nuisance.".
Go, Al, Go......
Why are ALL AMERICANS PAYING A PRICE 4 THEIR LACK OF SECURITY? I’m sick & tired of getting emails telling me to protect privacy 4 their Fups
while ur at it draft legislation to disband all credit reporting agencies. They’re keeping the middle class & the poor chained to the past
They shd pay for a new SS# system, since r current SSNs are now WORTHLESS !
Freezing & credit watch alerts for everyone too !
Go get'm Al !
TY. i appreciate opportunity to watch the hearing. Again disappointed w Equifax. They seemed pretty nonchalant w our data.
Also, all the questions to ask are here.  Equifax is going to spin this every which way.  https://krebsonsecurity.com/2017/09/heres-what-to-ask-the-former-equifax-ceo/ …  Also see attached for BS.
This may sound familiar, but it still boggles my mind how this level of negligence doesn't result in jail time.
Meanwhile we are legitimizing the sale of private browsing data...
And what about their "winning" a no bid contract to protect the IRS?
Senator, Could u also find out how @Equifax landed a $7M Fed contact with NO competitive bidding?! @SenatorBaldwin @SenKamalaHarris
I missed it.
Stop them from "helping" the IRS
Yes. What Arthur Mitchell said down there. How could the IRS award this contract to them?
Franken 2020
Why didn't they report it as soon as it happened?
He'll just give you lie answers to your questions
Why hasn't Equifax contacted me about my options?  zero communication, yet I am one of the affected.   VERY POOR handling of this mess!
Thank you Sen. Franken!!! We appreciate all of your hard work!
Did you see how he blamed "one security person" (not himself) for the breach? Unbelievable! He deserves jail time
@SenFranken with the greatest respect sir, could you please let the Ppl know how Equifax was given an IRS/Govt contract AFTER their breech?
Stop him from insisting repeatedly that #equifax is a good company and honorable! He has a golden parachute and he’s a liar!
Please get rid of their contract with the @IRS
What about the no bid contract awarded to them?
I'm counting on you! And voting for you!
Why the IRS contract? Why so long to report the breach? So CEOs could sell stock? Fines not rewards for this bunch of clowns !
TY for the heads up . Also ask about the contract they were just awarded for IRS .
Please ask to see the audit that shows the risk/stakeholder teams accepting the review to not patch the system(s) https://tisiphone.net/2017/09/18/whose-fault-is-it-a-brief-discussion-on-misconceptions-about-equifaax/ …
Thank you
Ask about the IRS context please
Why on earth does Equifax get the fraud prevention contract? It's like the fox guarding the henhouse.
Probably just your own. You don't care about anyone else.
Could you high-5 Rich Uncle Pennybags for me?
This: http://www.politico.com/story/2017/10/03/equifax-irs-fraud-protection-contract-243419 …
Get them Mr. Franken, they deserve nothing.
While your at it, can you maybe scold the IRS for awarding them that contract? It's negligent at best.
We'd like to know why the IRS gave them millions after trying to fleece us individually $50 to freeze our accounts
Watching... Equifax can pay any and all fines and judgements with little effect on their bottom line. What is their incentive to change?
Ask them why they are profiting from it too.
@SenFranken could you take their no bid contract away from them please?
Awesome.
Are you asking #IRS why they awarded @Equifax a no-bid contract? I'm not filing my #taxes if #Equifax is involved! #equifaxbreach
Al, don't forget to ask the IRS about that new $7m Equifax contract.
Love you Al!  Go get 'em!
How many employees of Equifax were affected, and how are they handling their affairs?
Please do bc I was affected and their free service has not even tried to do a thing but take our info. No word on monitors, nothing!
I’d like to know why I got emails from both my bank/phone co to freeze my credit—yet equifax, who I hv monitoring w/ already—sent me NADA. 
Also, will their app freeze consumer credit with all the agencies, not just equifax? I think they owe everyone this control.
I want their stock sales looked into. There was insider trading going on.
Senator Franken, thank you for representing the United States. 
We desperately need leadership.
Why do Equifax management keep bonuses?
just remove their right to rip off Americans!  Dissolve their fraudulent biz.  They should NOT be allowed to continue
I want to know if they will be working with sensitive taxpayer info as reported? If so, is IRS nuts sir? Asking for millions of friends....
We need redress.
Be sure to press the IRS on why they offered Equifax a multimillion-dollar identity verification no-bid contract during this mess.
Thanks. I want to know the same
Please tell us you got a chuckle from Mr Moneybags (the Monopoly guy) being in your audience today.
Ask about them selling their shares before we all got to hear the news
Thank you, Senator Franken!
Can you figure out why they were awarded an IRS contract?
ASK THEM WHY THEY CHARGE PEOPLE 45 DOLLARS A MONTH TO PROTECT THEIR CREDIT - AND THEN HELP DESTROY IT
Get em Al
make Equifax float down here
Go get em.
Please block them from working for the IRS for goodness sake!  #SaveUsAl!
Pressing? As in the medieval torture? Highly recommend.
Also why has the #IRS hired them of all companies to help with security?  #FollowTheMoneyTrail
Also press the US Gov on why they're contracting Equifax after what happened.
Franken/Warren 2020!
No, please, I like Bernie, but he's not presidential material. He should be teaching at Columbia or NYU.
Shall I also post a photo of Reagan in Bedtime for Bonzo? Or former Gov Arnie S in some crap movie? Al's acquitted himself quite well.
Thank you!
