Everyone should watch the film, "I Am Not Your Negro"
Everyone should watch Hillary calling black moms "welfare deadbeats."
Please provide link.
If I prove Hillary used this term, will you disavow here and every one of her surrogates?
Not at all sure what this has to do with a man being shot 7 times in front of a 4 year old but the answer is no.
The outrage over this incident is #fake in the Hillary crowd.  They supported her bigotry.  They rejected the racial justice candidate.
The problem continues to be that you are more concerned with your perceptions of the Hillary crowd than the 4 year old in the line of fire.
One statement and you're done? What is your white ass doing today? Tomorrow? A week from now? This stops when white people make it stop.
Agree with you Facebook comment but Dems identity and racial politics actually make things worse. Very simple minded stuff.
Us, too.
Legislation needs to be brought forth to stop these killings!!!
And now you know why so many of us, white and black alike, have lost their faith in the justice system. It's broken.
we all are. How come u were not heartbroken for Steinle, Wilkerson oh they were white killed by ur illegal imm friends so it was ok
Compare the deep dive in2 the Cosby mistrial 2 the #PhilandoCastile verdict. Why isn't the jury being asked how a man in a car was a threat?
Interesting how the NRA isn't standing behind Philando's right to carry a registered weapon without being murdered by police.
Sadly that's a good point.
So sad. I weep for his family.
#WTF is wrong with #Minnesota? #JimCrowNorth
 RT @SenFranken: I am heartbroken for the family and loved ones of #PhilandoCastile.
Sad for his loved ones and our country.
I cannot fathom how this continues to happen in this great country. Youtube is full of abuse by cops/guards.Might makes right?
Haha! Follow the herd sheep
Learn to use a comma, illiterate.
Thank you Senator for showing compassion. Much needed.
Once again Sen Franken steps up to show the level of his engagement. We need more like him. That said, Philando Castile saw NO Justice!
You're questioning of John Bush was brilliant.  Senator Wellstone is looking down from heaven with a big grin.
Why hadn't the president spoke about it?  Has the WH at least lowered flags at half mast?  (Love you, hate him)
You should stay out of this.
Nothing from Black America's symbolic representatives in Congress. #CRICKETS #PhilandoCastile #TerenceCrutcher #JordanEdwards #SandraBland
Just a horror!  How could the verdict have possibly gone this wrong? And yet, Cosby has a mistrial! Justice is not blind.
Easily, the cop told him to keep his hands up. He chose to reach in the direction of his gun. Play stupid games win stupid prizes!
he did NOT reach for his weapon. Ofc. Yanez panicked when Castile mentioned "gun" and was shot 7 times. He was reaching for ID.
it's a travesty
We are hoping sir that you will run for president in 2020! We will help!
Thank You so much!!!!
You're a wonderful public servant. Thank you for all you're doing for our country during this terrible time.
There is no justification in pulling out s gun for a routine traffic stop on anybody....
So what you going to do ?
Thank you,  dearest Al Franken. You are an American treasure!
Thank you @SenFranken loving u from CA
@tkdmike ask to see licence told cop he had a gun & 5 bullets later #bang
Apparently NOT EVEN complete, rational, play-by-play video could convict a BAD COP GONE MANSLAUGHTER could convict. WTF? This is HUGELY bad!
So they "fire from the force" this MANSLAUGHTERER, give him SEVERANCE PAY and want to give him "new career"? No wonder pple take to streets!
Doesn't seem to matter if you're acquiescent or accommodating/respectful to Police, white or black (black far worse). Ur a target for them.
Me too Senator Franken. Not justice.
Be careful, Senator Franken.  Taking ethical stances could be hazardous to your political career but I respect you for it.
This is your state, words are cheap, leader lead
This is why we voted trump in.
I'm outraged. They had video. Wtf!
@HiJCP Reform the justice system !!
Thanks Al. The fight for justice continues.
@SenFranken al, it's just got to be more than that. U guys as a whole need to start going to bat for us all w a lot more demanding of rights
So you're against the Minnesota criminal justice system?
Were u heartbroken for OJ Simpsons victims? 
Thank you for this statement. It is very difficult to understand this verdict.
You're a good man, Al Franken. @SenFranken
Al, my great SEN, what a perfectly said comment!  Here's to a much better future!
You see this as an opportunity to peddle the whole race thing....how pathetic.
You said it, but I'm sorry you had to say it.
it's obvious that the system is broken. Removing republicans from congress will help straighten things out. Don't sit home VOTE DEMOCRAT.
It is expected. Thinking it has something to do with White Privilege.
Had Philando Castile died at the hands of a black man on the streets none of you would even give a shit!
Why? He made a stupid decision. He caused his own death by reaching for his gun. Play stupid games win stupid prizes! #bluelivesmattermore
"We live in a world where trained cops can panic and act on impulse but untrained civilians must *remain* calm with a gun in their face…"
A travesty of justice.
You r broken? Cuz u assume cop guilty n u know better than US justice system & the jury? Gimme a break, lawmaker!
The enduring sin in America is racism. We can't be the "shining city on the hill" til racism is torn root & branch for our hearts & systems
Police need more training and screening. I'm afraid is not an excuse.
Why aren't protesters shutting down 94 because of the Bill Cosby trial?
Are the protesters ok with what he did?
#PhilandloCastile
This verdict is outrageous
Giant NBC @TheStanchina
Poor lake
And franking is a loooooser
Nah, I'm good.
Truly an unbelievable injustice. Even on video and hard to watch!
Do you still trust the jury system?
Must be twice heartbroken for the Bill Cosby victim, I am sure.
Me too. Talk about idiots with guns... And he was a cop! I'm having trouble understanding people these days. 
Thank you, Senator Franken.
Thank you Senator Franken! We the people appreciate this.
Thank you for this. I'm proud to have you as my senator.
The fact that you acknowledge that something was wrong with how that was handled gives me hope for our country.
Nothing ever changes. And he was  fired!
Our justice system isn't perfect. It gets things wrong about as often as it gets them right. This was wrong.
So your position is to provide sympathy and then convict everyone as racist  and the system as racist? U r the master Panderer!
No one is heartbroken or surprised that you did not praise our judicial system which determined the police officer was innocent.
Black men exterminated like rats & their perpetrators walk with no repercussions Black man not stand for the anthem it's a federal offense
Hey Al..would you be "heartbroken" if Castile had been able to pull that gun he had in his lap and killed a cop? My money's on NO.U wouldn't
Senator Althea Franken is the best we have. Thanks, @SenFranken for the love you bring.
You are a good guy, Senator. I am also a big fan of @amyklobuchar. There must be something good in MN water.
What a disappointing, weak AF statement from Al. Basically says "im sorry this happened again" with no reference to police accountability
EXACTLY
I'm shocked & heartbroken. I expected so much more from Minnesota. Mr. Castille was an exceptional man. He was murdered. On video. ::tears::
@jaketapper What a pandering pos.....
What I really love about you @SenFranken is that when you say the words "I am heartbroken" we all know you truly mean them! True Patriot 
It's not like he was just let off. He had a jury that thought he was innocent. Al Franken, I think your a race baiter looking for votes!!!!
Our justice system is a joke.
Thoughts and prayers for the family of Philando Castile :( I just cannot understand how there were no charges, just like #TrayvonMartin
That verdict  was so wrong.
My heart goes out to the Castile family. When will Americans stop seeing color and see only people. Bad cops need to be taken off the street
Q: What are you doing to tear down the institutions of white supremacy? 
A: Nothing. It's keeping you rich & in power.
Are you pleased for the acquitted defendant? Our system worked and a man was not wrongfully convicted.
"..the flag to which you have pledged allegiance has not pledged allegiance to you.. "--James Baldwin #Persist #Resist #BLM #IAmNotYourNegro
Haha! Resisting is what got him killed. Learn and live
Thanks drunk uncle Al
Al, I was extremely skeptical of your election to the Senate but you have become one of the most respected voices.
Me too. Completely senseless.
It's not more training that is needed It's the understanding every life has value Words matter WORDS are dividing Americans
You're a wonderful human.
Senator Franken, you are a true mensch.  The best.
Don't quit. That is all.
Don't always agree with you, but this is one time I stand with you. My deepest condolences to the Castile family on this verdict.
This case and all like it are an indictment of society. We ask officers to do the impossible: serve communities we've left for dead.
Please propose a law on police, conceal/carry and stops.  Are there guidelines?  We need to do what we can.  Thx. U da man!
It will take a lot more, but this might help.
Heartbroken here as well...Philando should be alive today, and justice was not served yesterday
# Thank you for all you have done for me and for #MentalHealth advocating for #Research Funding!! Also #Happy Fathers Day!#God Bless!
What a profile in courage you are
And, police action against protesters was over the top. I watched it & scared me half to...
Too bad it was only half to.....
This was an unjust verdict. Jury req'd officer testimony reread, as is their right. Judge refused. Fear does not = self defense.
I saw C&C training every weekend in a banquet room with a church group in the other on Sunday are POC wasting their $ to train?
Audio:" not reaching, - not reaching-" over & over ignored.  Respectfully "SIR" zero PO gunned down that way, through body armor. Excessive
Never a missed opportunity, Senator.  Nice sales pitch.  Sounded like you actually believed it yourself.  But we know better.  Shame on...
How is it possible not to have convicted when there was a fblive video? I'm totally disgusted. Prayers to the Castile family 
Probably cuz that video didn't show all the facts.  Duh

When these terrorists ruled E Aleppo, the UK gov called them "rebels" & fully supported them! However, we still condemn terrorism in the UK! 
My question is this are people afraid of the cops? I think that is why every white cop gets off - fear
Its not fear its the fact that police despite training are not held to a higher standard than ordinary armed citizens.
Thank you I had not considered that possibility before
Were you heartbroken for the family of Miriam Carey too! I was.
