Presidential pardons should not be rewards for bad behavior and discrimination. Granting a pardon to Joe Arpaio is shameful and appalling.
franken the us senators in the democrat party and also some of the so called republicans break more laws in a year than arpaio in his life
Ever hear of punctuation?
....or the truth???
The thing is, he did far worse, he was just convicted of continuing profiling after ordered to stop, hopefully he will be charged with more.
Maybe you should take time to look up illegal then look at what he was arresting he supported the law the judge was wrong Americans first
Sorry, inhumane treatment is inhumane. If you don't consider it illegal maybe you should look up the word human.
By your logic, we don't have to obey or enforce all laws. What's your address then? I want your tv to give to some "not-illegals".
You are defending a man that broke the law, how does that logic work in your mind? Human rights and the constitution are meaningless to you?

Your ignorance about the Russian smoke-screen instigation is appalling, but not surprising. You just keep believing in that boogyman...
Your ignorance in spelling investigation is truly not surprising either. #Trumptard
Speak to your own ignorance, I used "instigation" purposefully.  Everything in that situation is a political instigation.
I'm so glad you stood against the 1700 pardons Obama gave to REAL criminals.
I love and admire you, but it's time to stop tweeting and start acting. #CensureTrump #25thAmendmentNow
Come on, Dems don't hold a maj in the Congress! Impeachment MUST come from the GOPHouse and so far maybe 3 are against #45 #GTVOMidTerms
There are a lot of things the Dena could be doing.
Name them please.
25th Amendment
The Dems are rightfully not interfering with #MuellerInvestigation.Once concluded,  there should be grounds for 25A&Impeach. NEED IT 1st.
Impeachment can easily happen before the investigation is complete. There are more than sufficient grounds, two resolutions introduced.
Absolutely don't need it first. If lying about a blowjob is grounds for impeachment, obstruction of justice, multiple accounts, is too.
EXACTLY!!!!!!!!
The pardon speaks volumes.
Thank you senator Franken for your service.
True...trump is actually incredibly stupid. He's living in a past era, and we're sick of him dragging us back to his nirvana and our hell!
Al Franken for President, 2020!
you're right not seeing anything wrong with what Apraio did is even worse ! But hopefully that pardon/obstruction of justice won't get thru
Enjoying your book!
Me too!
Me three!
Me four!
Pardons are historically for healing the US, not for selfish, divisive political reasons @GOP ! Don't just stand by
Even more sickening, but trumps not a racist. Right! He most certainly is!
Isn't it time for 45 to make his little hands do "white power" signs again?!
truthful, anxiety producing statement, Senator. Why is he still, oh never mind...
#Impeach
#Resign
#TheResistance
WHAT?  #ThrowhimOUTnow
What was your comment when @BarackObama pardoned a Puerto Rican terrorist and an Army traitor?
It's a norm to only pardon those who express remorse & have paid some for their sins (served time). You can easily Google stuff like this.
Bradley Manning has no remorse for what he did
You can't even make a meme with proper pronunciation. The Trump cult has some very "special" people in it.
I'll walk any day. Trump is an insane traitor that's only loyal to himself. When are people like you gonna wake up? Spoiler: Never
A little simplistic, dear.
I do think you are just so fabulous!
Could we impeach him now...that'd be great
such eloquence
There has to be more than a groundswell movement to impeach this lunatic, Al. Don't you agree? When is Congress going to grow some?
Trump the #westie to Sen Franken...we have idiot in white house taking wrecking ball to democracy. Do something about it before to late
I agree Al. Good to see SOMEONE making sense here. Has anyone considered that these people had ALREADY broken the law?
@realDonaldTrump #MAHA  Senator Franken...trump is simply doing what he does best...MAHA...Making America HATE Again!!
Well said senator, well said...
And he did it on a Friday when ratings were high. #deplorable
sigh. we are so screwed.
That's the bigger point, don't you think?
That he actually believes that there's nothing wing with racially profiling Hispanics & blacks
Sad
Wing?
Nothing wing?
Can't someone proofread this shit before I hit the reply button?
Who's job is that, anyway?
Mine?
Wait, what?

Nevermind
Right. And Obama released hardened criminals that committed even more crimes. 
And that is who don the con trump, really is, #ShamefulAndAppallingTrump #ImpeachTrumpNow
Please @SenFranken ,help us regain sanity by running for Pres in 2020!! #resist #Resistance #25thAmendmentNow
INDEED.  And, augmented by the ghost of Roy Cohen.
Trump loyalists never do wrong, even when they're wrong...in his mind
they were the two birthers.
no matter what you say, I can only see you in that monkey suit. That was your high water mark
what the hell do u think obama did pardoning the drug dealers by the thousands, U R A JOKE and a DINO/SOCIALIST/FASCIST-I'MA IND,notvotindem
Bowe Bergdahl, Oscar Lopez Rivera, Chelsey Manning. Numerous non violent drug perps. How many have died/been murdered by nonviolent drugs
Sadly, pardoning a #whitesupremacist like #Arpaio is like signing a death sentence for many good cops who will now be associated w/ #racism
Idiot
And it is horrifying to know, and for the World to witness, that a segment of our population precisely supports that brutality, about Trump.
I wish you would've run for President Mr. Franken
Waiting for a condemnation of Ativa viciously attacking free speech demonstrators at Berkeley. Right.  Does not work politically. Dishonest
As Trump heads to Texas to behold 500 yrs history been retold. #TexansOneLove creed will rattle his dis-orderliness. Texas Cowboys!!!
After obama pardon traitors let terrorists go. You guys are worried about this ?
He didn't do anything wrong
Hillary got it right when she called them a basket of deplorables.
That's bc he's an Idiot
Nearly everything Trump does is shameful & appalling! They are the same- racists. The pardon prob will be used after Russia investigation.
Congress has to stop him from destroying the country.
Worse is the continuing elevation of Arpaio as a good man - even to the point where he's considering a run for office!
I'm with ya @SenFranken. Have been since I was a kid...
Plus, he calculated that the timing via-avis #Harvey would amplify his ratings from this ludicrous pre-sentencing pardon. #UnPresidented
He didn't do anything wrong. Obama and Clinton pardoned much worse.
Where were you when the last administration were handing out pardon?

.@NancyPelosi / @SenSchumer: Look--it's your peaceful "resistance" thugs in black masks BEATING a man. Still blaming the "Nazi" boogeyman? https://twitter.com/PoliticalShort/status/902029038029463552 …
I thought the pardons came at the end if their presidencies, oh wait, never mind.
That's why cops need to be in court rooms
True story
No Id and you're taken into custody is not illegal.
Just because you were elected by illegals doesn't mean illegals are welcomed.driving w/o a plate ,not racial profiling ,
Why didnt you speak up when obama was pardoning people like manning and hiding all of his corruption w/soros acorn false ballots silicon val
SOMEBODY has to Patrol the border.
I would agree
What can we do when our POTUS is himself an unhinged outlaw?  This can't continue.  I no longer recognize my own country.
Apparently in Trump-opoly every career military and multi-term politician gets a Get Out of Jail Free card. #Resist #Impeach #FireMiller
Trump believes in misogyny and racism.  They are part of who he is.  Arpaio did what Trump would have loved to do personally.

Really! Obama pardon murders, terrorists, and traders who gave away our national security secrets. Do you not know this!  One sided as usual
"Law & Order President" interpretation from Trumpspeak: Law = Trump, Order = his order & his alone.
That and the fact that Arpaio is pro trump - and let's be honest- trump's sending a message to the people Mueller might flip
Kinda like Bowe Bergdahl a traitor for 5 hit Gitmo terrorists & cash? Nah, no wrong done here. Smh.

By pardoning Arpaio, Trump was telling all that he will pardon others when the RussiaGate charges come out. He and they will be pardoned.
The scariest thing about @SenFranken is that #StuartSmalley was a lot smarter. 
#SNL flunkee @SenateDems flunkee 

#MAGA
Mr. Franken please review all of the past 3 presidents pardons. Honestly tell me that Arpaio is a bigger threat to society than them.
The Criminal-in-Chief pardoning another criminal.
And your response to the over 1,000 drug dealers and other true criminals that Obama pardoned? The terrorists set free? Or cartel members?
Sheriff Arpaio deserves the presidential Medal of Freedom for doing what Obama Admin refused to do...protect the USA.
Your new book is phenomenal. Thanks for the smiles, laughs, and education. Enjoyed it immensely.

The corrupt Obama judge who issued capricious order is the one who violated the law.
And you are all hypocrites
That's sickening!  When is this guy getting ousted??
Thank you Senator for your insight and honesty!
We love you! 
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @GOP @SenSchumer @SenJohnMcCain
How soon we forget! In 1983 Rich+ partner Pincus Green were indicted on 65 criminal counts.. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marc_Rich  Remember?
Please get him out of office. Yesterday, please.
Shamelful, appalling, and most unfortunately, not surprising.
I think he's also doing anything 2 piss off liberals. He likes to create h8 & division.
And where exactly were YOU when Obama freed terrorists form Gitmo?  Did he think they did nothing wrong OR were they supporters?  #LibLogic
@SenFranken What can Americans do when our Congress ignores their oath and allows the destruction of our country;What tools are in our belt?
HE IS THE
ANTICHRIST EVIL GRBG
TO B TAKEN OUT! GOD BLESS AMERICA WE RISE AND ROAR WE WILL FIGHT INEQUALITY EVERYDAY IN AMERICA!
Really Obummer pardons drug dealers, and traitors, which you Senator supported. #yourtheproblem
So what obama did was ok. Sheriff Joe upheld the constitution something you know nothing about.#Stuartisanotgoodenough
Pardons should not be granted to anyone Who creates or enforces laws. Nor the president or his/her family. Standards should be set higher.


If Arpaio had no political support in AZ, Trump would not have given this "strunz" the time of day.  Did it only to pander right wing votes.
You mean like the left is pardoning Antifa? Why isn't anyone on the left coming out and condemning the hate from the Alt-left hate group?
Hes also showing support for his ideology. This cont. Is not good for your country
I'm sorry.....but did you criticize BHO for any of his Pardons....we see right through you. Still the laughingstock of the Senate.
When Obama pardoned the 9/11 coconspirators and state officials selling our secrets, that means he doesn't believe they did anything wrong?
Know the Truth, and the truth shall set you free.
Not only does @realDonaldTrump think Arpaio did nothing wrong, he thinks he did everything right. New @POTUS please.
Do you think Bradley Manning there anything wrong? What about Mark Rich?

Even further, he thinks he did "right," and the Republican base agrees with him.
What a miscarriage of justice.
And there is the problem: Trump sees nothing wrong with what he did. No recognition whatsoever.
https://twitter.com/RealAssange/status/901576191550799872 …
Sheriff Joe did nothing but his job. You should TRY doing yours.
Arpaio was railroaded and you know it. Sadly you can't get out of the way of your own partisanship to tell the truth. #DumbDemFranken
1. fill law enforcement & military with white supremacists 2. give them all military grade equipment 3. give them legal impunity
You should consider going back to your other profession,a comedian
Sheriff Arpaio was just doing his job making america safe. Pretty simple.


You need to get out more and see what's happening you little fem boy

This is all crazy and no matter what GOP says they're behind this guy or they would act to stop him.60 years down the drain maybe more
Al is there anything at all that can be done to stop them from defending education EPA Etc. If you guys don't stop him we're all screwed
DEFUNDING it's early my voice app still asleep
That's the part that's so bad for everyone. His character judgment really sucks. Worse your behavior the more your rewarded with this idiot
4 dodging draft/taxes, groping women, supporting racism, using enemy govt. 2 undermine our democracy.. AND YES, LYING. Nthg YOU disagree w/!
@SenAlFrank You have the politics wrong!  He was 2x denied 6th Amendment rights to be "judged by an impartial jury. " Would've been thrown.
Crying about 85yo Arpaio? Obama released 1000 of criminals, many Gitmo terrorists, pardoned traitor Manning and praised deserter Bergdahl.
And not that he didn't do it, but that what he did wasn't wrong in dumps eyes and heart
At least DT's consistent;doesn't think he's done anything wrong either.That loon didn't fly over the nest,it bought it&slapped "trump" on it
He didn't do anything wrong. Illegal immigrant that are here illegally are wrong
Wow

You really have a Point There

#ItsATizzyYall #LeftyMeltyDownyzzzz
oh that's right Obama's guidelines were they must be hardened criminals or terrorist to pardon.Stop left brainwashing tactics Al
Obama pardoned 1700 so fasten your seatbelt because I'm sure you're honing to have issues with every single one this time.
How do you get reelected? What about the 1700 Obama pardoned including drug dealers and manning whatever his or her name is ? Silence of you
No Sen. Al, 
He knows he did something wrong. He just enjoys being more evil than Satan
So the criminals that Obama pardon, who released then went and murdered...you said nothing? Makes you a political hack

And Obama had such empathy for ALL he pardoned/commuted especially Bradley Manning a traitor to our country & the poor Gitmo prisoners.
Is it because he doesn't realize Arpaio's crimes were against US citizens & not undocumented immigrants or because he just doesn't care? :(
Trump thinks he's "The Grand Wizard" that's why he's pardoned this crap, Izzy Wizzy let's get busy and free some more kkk shit, l don't the!
Trump has never been realistic about anything

Trouble for Dems...oh it's here...
Get your facts straight
Go, Senator!  Aren't u glad u didn't do a sitcom ?!?
Then run on impeachment as your platform to unite people. Everyone need to have their issues but nothing good can happen with in office
Critical distinction!
Accepting the pardon is an admission of guilt. Burdick vs US. He is now open to civil litigation.
Nope. Ex Parte Garland, 71 U.S. 333, pardon: "in the eye of the law the offender is as innocent as if he had never committed the offence"
@realDonaldTrump's moral compass is broken beyond repair.
It doesn't matter the reason. Past presidents waited until the last min of their term to pardon...it takes balls to pardon so early imo
He is doing it to get attention.
Trump was reassuring his cronies he will pardon them if they perjure themselves or otherwise break the law on his behalf.
Hmm, funny. I don't think he did anything wrong either so should have been pardoned. Not like the crooks like you in the Congress.
He believes Joe did what was right. That's what makes Trump batshit crazy scary. #ImpeachTrumpNow Al. Don't wait until too late
Just saw ya on Trading Places....your character would make a better prez then Trump. And....so would you.
He's also pardoning Arpaio to put a finger in the eye of the justice system. Recall, Arpaio was convicted of contempt of court.
Exactly! It's what Trump would've done if the situation was reversed so it's ok. Trump is a sick and vile man.
To be clear, Arpaio's legal troubles began before Trump announced his candidacy

1/2
And he's sending a message that "I'm the all powerful Oz!" He MUST be stopped!
Furthermore, Sheriff Joe famously sent a crack team of investigators to Hawaii to get to the bottom of Trump's racist birthed nonsense
2/2
Racists like & promote other racists...
Arpaio was enforcing immigration laws.  Judge Murray Snow is the one who did something wrong, not Arpaio. Time for Dems to learn the law.
Wow, whining because a retired cop wanted to uphold the law?  Maybe the President should pardon some terrorists and murderers like BO did.
Giving a pardon to Chelsea Manning is heroic and wonderful, right? Or, did you forget to make a comment on that pardon?
Arpaio following the laws of the United states that all law enforcement should. Any law enforcement looking the other way,is breaking thelaw
It's not discrimination when you're enforcing Americas immigration laws you dope! Democrats are so ass backwards! Take it easy Stuart. #MAGA
He didn't do anything wrong.
