And abt 30 yrs ago, our country est. program to connect refugee children w/o a parent or guardian to care for them with US foster families.
But now, @POTUS' mean-spirited exec order banning refugees is blocking orphaned refugee children from uniting with American foster families.
I’m going to continue fighting for these kids, families because this executive order is not who we are as Americans. http://m.startribune.com/trump-s-travel-ban-keeps-orphan-kids-from-us-foster-families/437490513/ …
ALL YOU POLITICAL STATEMENTS ARE BS BS BS, AND YOU KNOW IT. IT WAS YOU THAT CAUSED THE REFUGEE CRISIS IN THE FIRST PLACE.
How many illegal immigrants and refugees live in your neighborhood (DC not included)? I would guess none.
Awesome, as it has been for many other religions and peoples. I wouldn't call this nation a white christian nation however.
Nobody is saying don't allow immigrants... what we are saying is let them in legally so they don't break any laws. So uphold the law senator
Thanks Captain obvious
DEAR SENATOR, 

DO YOU SLEEP WELL AT NIGHT?
And POTUS destroyed that in mere days.
Sure... just come in legally like my parents did. We waited almost 6 years, which was tough as we are Christian minority from an arab land.
The United States has been a democracy for centuries. Too.
You're right: "has been."
Why can't people comprehend the difference between legal and illegal immigration?  I must just be a bigot 
Home of the FREE & BRAVE trump not BRAVE he Cheated AMERICAN Vets by DODGGING SERVICE
How long did Obama serve again??
There was no draft during Obama's prime.
Statue of Liberty has been a symbol 4 centuries where immigrants would come 2 the U.S and see our lady liberty that stood for hope & dreams
I am incensed at how the Trump Administration is diminishing "Our America".  I don't think he took history nor respects it.
Looking decidedly hostile to everyone except Americans and a few of their friends with brown noses.
File under "Things we didn't have to tweet a year ago."
So all that we ask is you come here LEGALLY
@TinaMorphis then Kochs, GOP & Trump founded an unholy alliance
*legal
What is your point? Is this some kind of jab at Trump? People like you got him elected, so thank you keep it up.
Oh those poor wolves you voted to let be slaughtered.   Shame
And Trump is trying to destroy that. 

That;s so fundamental to our greatness!
Putting money into power seats and wanting to privatize infrastructure is reminiscent of Putin's Russia. This is what Trump is doing to USA.
"Has been" unfortunately past text.
tRump wouldn't score high enough to be admitted under his plan. None of his kids or wife would either.
And you, Sir, are a beacon of hope for Congress!!
#SinglePayer needs to be talked about Senator. When do you have time for this conversation? Now or never? You do have a voice.
That explains a lot.
#Refugees Were Welcome AND Celebrated 1960 4¢ "WORLD REFUGEE YEAR" US STAMP @JeffSessions @GOP. Now it's a trumping SHAME
How did it get so black and white? Where immigrants are somehow now dangerous when we all come from immigrants who worked hard to be here
my #mom was born in #Italy and at times i wanted her sent back. i do agree we are the #promiseland
I'm a strong believer Genealogy should be taught concurrently with history, so people grasp how difficult it was for their ancestors.
Original thought?
Universal healthcare would be a nice beacon of hope for you to talk about Al...just saying.
Senator.I can't agree more, as long as Ur referring to legal imnigrants & refugees. It's slap on the face when U reward illigals. Regrdless
The statue of Liberty was a gift to USA from France people in this administration need to be educated on history Miller made up some mumble
Such as Trump's wives, mother and grandparents.
One key word missing here.  Legal.
And sadly, WE are now the tired, poor, huddled masses, yearning to breathe free. 200 days and we are approaching 3rd World status.
This is Trump's America!
.....BUT NOT OURS!!!!
and half the immigrants thought you said bacon ...
but it needs to be capped and for you to stop the bool-shyte .
Until 2017 . . . .
Sen. Al Franken 2020
And we will fight to keep that beacon, calling those in need of hope and a future, shining for years to come...
Please, please, consider running for prez in '20! We need your intelligence and sanity to replace the disaster that is Trump #draftAl2020
....and should continue to be one.
Until now....
Key words here...has been.
Well then use your senators salary to pay for them. We need to take care of our own suffering  people. Why don't you care about them?
Someone reasonable in DC!

Keep repeating!

Don't stop letting him know people care Al. He's dense af.
As the plaque on the statue of liberty reads, "Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free..."
STOP with that garbage! THIS IS WHY DEMS will keep losing, What was coming in at one point in time is VERY different than today!!
Ok.  So we shouldn't modify programs, increase/decrease, and have a smart immigration plan because of what you just wrote?  Foolish!
Well, I wish this were as true as you say! But I'm glad you're fighting to make it more true now.
Keep up the good work Senator
You have a point, Al, or are you just practicing for a punch line? Immigration and a free illegal ride are apples and oranges.
And never before has an elite come from wall Street to hear suffering....and now he will get his friends to help..they believe
Agree, Al.    What's your position on illegal immigration?
And now, in the course of six months. we've become a symbol of repression and  fear.  I want my Country back. I want to feel proud again.
Trump obviously didn't get the memo. Trumps Agenda does not include immigrants or refugees. And, no help for the poor or the environment.
So true we are all mostly here from a boat trip!
Used to be, sure. That's why we need "Al Franken for President"!!
@schwanderer LEGAL immigrants n refugees Al
Thank you Senator for your Service.  Please don't let this dictator wannabe destroy our country.  Can he be forced to take a competency test
I actually read that as "bacon," which also works, but "beacon" is good too.
Hello. Is there anybody in there?
NOT ANYMORE.

It's so crazy here WE may be looking for beacons of hope somewhere else.
Not anymore.
ya, and they were always expected, until recently , to do so legally and to carry their own weight
just saying
Afraid of oppo rsrch from snl days but Senator, you are what a Sen should be and should consider higher office
#goshdarnitpeoplelikeyou
That was before Jan. 20, 2017.
Not anymore

Let's keep it that way. #Liberty #Resistance
@SenFranken When are you going to introduce single-payer Medicare for all?
