Violence like this has no place in Minnesota and no place in America.
Tell the #Muslims to stop building bombs to attack #America!
#Islamists create a fake crime.
The #Islamic version of the #MattressGirl
Xenophobia, misogyny and conspiracy theories all in a single tweet, bravo!
He exposes lying leftists.

Go blow #GeorgeSoros Becky.
No I think Jared & ivanka already gargled his nut sack!
Hey Kandi and so-called Fan, the Vikings called, they don't want racist fans like you.
Then stay away race-baiter!

#RaceBaitingIsRacism. 

PS...The Vikings love me .... And you can #Kiss my ass
Please accept and pass on my love to all Minnesotan Muslims. 
Perhaps not hurt physically, but how could there be no harm to their sense of safety? I hope terrorist is found and stopped.
Agreed. The emotional/mental pain deserves recognition. Praying for arrests/convictions...most of all healing for my fellow Minnesotans.
Homegrown Trump-fueled Terrorists
I'd give even odds it's a disgruntled Muslim.
Yeah, Stuart Smalley, it's just awful; Funny how law-enforcement is putting more effort into this than the MURDER of an Austrailian woman.
Thank you for saying something the current temporary president hasn't done yet. Acknowledging this horrible act. Shame on him and his staff.
They're building inside and it went off, covering tracks by saying somebody else Where is video camera? always unless it's them
Lol, oh yeah he is a real hero!
Broken hearts and fear are perceived as injury. This is the effect of terrorism. Thanks for mentioning it
Speak louder and more forcefully...horrifying, of course. Address the why are incidents like this happening weekly! #indivisible
Especially interesting since DT & Pence haven't uttered a word about this. Due to their knowledge of spreading hate among some of their peop
History says they most likely won't. Trump jumps all over possible "islamic terrorism" & never mentions terror against our muslim neighbors
I am horrified as well. Thanks for drawing attention to attacks on Americans at home. No thanks to @realDonaldTrump
Where is @realDonaldTrump tweet condemning act of terrorism? Bloomington Islamic Center
The silence fr trump once again is deafening
#replacethe2nd with the right to health - end #gunviolence - start #universalhealthcare
This horrible incident barely made the news.
Probably did it themselves. This follows their creed.
I love showing the anti-Muslim comments to my kids so they can see what irrational fear and hatred look like in writing. #MAGAmorons
Ya you think these people love us right no these same people want sharea law but this is what you will not tell any one
The constitution prevents that from happening. That's what makes America great!
Glad you send your condolences. Our supposed president is tweeting about money... Again.
Tolerance & respect for one another is one of the pillars of a strong democracy.
Did Trump say anything ?
Senator Franken it seems too many of your colleagues are beholden to big money interests.
Thank you for standing with the victims against this hate crime! Maybe someday people will stop cheering on this behavior.
Terrible news but thankful it wasn't worse.

Homegrown terrorists. All Americans needs protection from them!


This mosque grows TERRORISTS .. but you know that!
The Silence from the White House in our so-called president it's deafening let me guess not the right color for the president
You horrify me and that's why Trump won.
I'm almost finished reading your new book & it gives me hope.
So sad  R E S P E C T 
There is no community safe from the hatred coming from the T. He has exposed the filth about anyone not white male Christian!  unchristian
Spoken like a future President.  The current one is too busy golfing to notice.
Thanks for caring ... and by the way what happened was a terrorist attack
Horrified?
That's a little strong.
90,000 Christians were killed last year and your horrified at a fire the size of a dorm stove fire?
Horrendous
OMG
Interesting how you never comment on the ISIS sleeper cells in Minneapolis.

http:
America in the time of Trump. Disgusting!
@someone_1958 Luv u Al Franken 
Me too
Shut up. Just shut up.
@SarahTheHaider Not your funniest tweet Al. Keep writing!
Sure you don't want to run for President? There might be a vacancy soon
Wish you were equally horrified by what #Obamacare is doing to premium costs for working families. But you voted for it
It's so telling how Dems feel so bad when the religion of evil is affected,but let a conservative woman,man or Christian and you don't care.
be prepared to be voted out if office in 2020. The people of minnesota realize the mistake of voting for you.
He's the only senator looking out for the people, you must be very proud of B.DeVos, sad
Sad to say, but Trumps inflammatory rhetoric isn't at all helpful!
This started this year will destruction of grave stones and has escalated to this
Such a sad event, amplifying the sad and hateful turn of our country. It was fortunate no one was hurt, maimed or killed.
Thank you for this statement, Senator. I wish media would call this what it is: a terror attack
Touché
Oh, let's put another Alt-right person in charge of a department at the White House (Miller). That will make things much better. Sad news
hope you will raise your voice against islamic gender apartheid & misogyny & FGM, as well
Did you tweet out about horrific deaths of 4 men killed in #Benghazi? Of course you didn't because it Muslim Terrorists who killed Americans
Intolerance and ignorance on both sides of the political spectrum have no place in the USA. Notice @alfranken didn't point any fingers.
U were never funny.
This is frightening and should not be happening in our country!
remember #NotAll that was just a lone wolf and isn't a representative of the whole group
Cowards.
No National Identity, just a person who knows Truth and understands Reality: "I am he as you are he as you are me and we are all together."
So glad to hear no one was hurt by this hateful action. Thank you for the work you do ! I wish you were my Senator instead of Rubio
Every time something like this happens here in USA  it breaks my heart - it is AntiAmerican against what every soldier has fought & died for
Sen Franken, you would b a great choice!  U have my vote!
Thank you for tweeting this. Too often the lives of non-white victims aren't given the same consideration.
Thank you Senator Franken. @Michael36776349
Glad no one hurt, could be a internal fight???
Sorry but another example of @realDonaldTrump 's . He has fueled this hate & continues to do so. We need to find the responsible parties.

When people feel forgotten & desperate, they lash out irrationally. So why don't they vote for someone who supports them through policy?
This is an act of terrorism.
But no word from president disgusting
Senator is there nothing that can be done 2 force Tillerson to spend that 80 mill where it was meant to go? He's clearly protecting big oil!
We need you AL 2020
Yes an Al Franken Jerry Lewis ticket would float my boat
Good ole DT! MAGA..nothing like a good ole fashioned fire boom, to make a coward fell brave. Way to go great job! Your a really Weiner.
More domestic terrorism, but will its name be spoken by POTUS?
Could be a internal thing, like in france recently - lets wait before we accuse Trump and his supporters
Ever notice how more attractive complex conspiracy theories are than simple truths?  Only true geniuses understand conspiracy theories!
What Doesn't HORRIFY #AlFranken? #BlackLivesMatter boss stands by group's chant to cook police officers http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3217754/Black-Lives-Matter-backs-pigs-blanket-fry-em-like-bacon-chant-Minnesota.html#ixzz4ouFsiJpq … @MailOnline
"Everybody plays the fool, sometimes, no exception to the rule". MAIN INGREDIENT 1972
Horrified?  Really?  Knock off the faux bullshit! "Concerned" or "Sad" is appropriate. Minor damage no one hurt. GET OVER YOURSELF!
Wow.  You need help.  Perhaps anger management classes might help?  Or wine?  Sedatives perhaps.
Oh god...what happened?
No it's in Minnesota not Indiana
Another disgusting act of home grown terrorism.  I'm sure the racists in the WH won't have much to say.
As an non US person, its a disgrace that these people are enabled by this administration, trumpism and it's staff
Agreed. As an American, I'm mortified.
This will get worse as long as *45 and his minions are in office dogwhistling to white supremacists. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rootless_cosmopolitan … NRA too.
… Isn't cleaning up Minneapolis more the job of the mayor of Minneapolis, @MayorHodges?
Intolerance & ignorance. Sad that this type of occurrence is becoming more frequent. These types of acts should be denounced by all.
And it is almost a year ago an event in Wisconsin occurred crickets from the racist president
It's been five years since Oak Creek, and it's been hours since this horrific event...When will our places of worship be safe?
Vs Obama minority hires...lol
Every Christian must denounce this heinous act or be complicit.

Silence is compliance
Who said a Christian did it?
Once again, violence that wouldn't be stopped by 45's disgusting travel ban (just like in Portland, OR recently). So glad no one was hurt.
So you're telling me if we didn't have a travel ban this wouldn't have happened? And wasn't Portland guy a massive Bernie supporter?
True blessing no one was physically hurt.
The psychological and emotional damage must be healed.

It brings shame to White Christian males.
Figures I tried took a news day off + here I am again.  Have a great weekend Al
Shameful glad to hear that no one is hurt!
Thank you for speaking up for the Muslim American community.
That's in @VP's state!!!
False. Bloomington, Minnesota.
You don't have to patronize ppl when they make a mistake!
Thanks for the correction though.
Sorry. I didn't mean to be patronizing.
It's the first I'm hearing of it too 
