More proof Left Wing Nuts have serious Mental Issues @Twins @Vikings @GopherFootball @minnesotalynx @MNUFC @mnwild Franken is Pathetic!!!
Senator keeping it classy. I watched your 1996 WHCD on YouTube today..... brilliant, your solutions to budget lol
Grateful that the Senator addressed this tragedy sad that the President does not
I would b grateful when I see Sen. Franken make an appearance at VA HOSPITAL.
Maureen a simple google search shows that he regularly visits Walter Reed and meets w/veterans. He also did several USO trips as a comedian
I met him many times while in book publishing. was signed to 3book deal. Got major advance, home office.1st book great other 2 garbage. Scam
What does that have to do with your accusation that he doesn't "make appearances" at VA hospitals? Pivot much?
Visit hospital 4 photo opt. While voting no for pay increase for military. Oh yeah, really nice guy! lol
Twice a month I visit VA hospital on Kings bridge rd. Bx NY. For their healthcare n wages part of Campaign to remove TRAITOR Coward McCain!
Why are you pushing Islam down our throats?
So solidarity with American citizens who were terrorized in a house of worship (see freedom of religion) is shoving Islam down your throat?
Yes. No one was killed, only property  destroyed. Fewer than 1k turned out for this "rally." This has his attention only b/c of Islam.
Are you assuming I'm catholic and white?  Officials should acknowledge this, police are those appropriate officials. Not this guy.
It's absolutely appropriate for a senator to show support for a community in the state he represents after an act of terrorism.
Farooq you.
Shame on you. You're part of what is wrong with America today.
Your mommy says your Pop Tarts are ready. Bon apetite!
Al Franken for President!

Thank you, Senator, for showing the world how our government is supposed to represent itself.  Minnesota, peace and love to you.

Thanks for having Stones, Senator. Franken/Sherrod Brown 2020 , God Forbid 2 Guys with Zero Baggage w/ zealous love of USA guide our future,
Thank you
Thank you!
Would be nice if our president said something about this
?
This is a case of "workplace violence"
Care to comment about the muslim trying to slash people with a knife in southern Minnesota, or don't you represent them?
#FarLeftNazi

I hear the Somali Jihadis in Minnesota aren't fans of our people, Al. Why are you in bed w/ your enemy?
Your a joke.
Blah, blah, blah, blah. You're a joke Al.
This is what is right this is America we need to take a lesson from @SenFranken and Minnesotan!Beautiful!

When it comes to #DarAlFarooq we hear about it non-stop? What about #justinedamond? All we hear is silence!
Looks empty and boring, like you two!

Still no Presidential tweet on it eh @realDonaldTrump In case you forgot.
Minnesotans are great. My father was from a little town called Kasson, settled by Norwegians, whom I am proud to have descended from.
I feel that way also. Clean, good schools, healthcare, jobs, progessive, history of great politicians. And The Vikings.
Football team? I'm a Giants fan myself, with Vikings a second choice
Grew up in Kasson, a great small town. Uncle had a farm, great for kids
Hey if it's solidarity with Muslims you're after I've got a few places to suggest for you to go...
That's great and all, but, uh, Al, Trump is threatening a war with N. Korea. Can you like call the Senate. Thanks.
Ur kidding! North Korea threaten to take out AK N CA N U SAY TRUMP WANTS WAR. CANT FIX STUPID
Love you Sen. Franken! Would you consider representing Georgia too? @Impeach_D_Trump @ImpeachTrumpNet @FIRE_THE_FOOL @GeorgeTakei

So inspiring to see you supporting Minnesotans' rights to mutilate their daughters' genitals, and beat their wives  :) #ReligionOfPeace

Yet you never considered visiting a vet that was maimed bc of Islamic terror . Hypocritical Fool
And you know that how?
Perhaps because am like millions of innocent people are victims of this evil cult . Wake up bro
They will never understand just how evil Islam is or they are too scared to be labeled something.
My Muslim friends would laugh at you.
My husband from Iran, who was a Muslim for the first 42 years of his life, pities your stupidity.
It's a Minni sota
Hey Frankenstein, did Stuart Smalley show up?
Thank you, @SenatorFranken
Enormous crowd You're not a senator, you're a joke.
Thank you for acknowledging this act of terrorism was not okay..
The next time the Muslims attack us, organize another one.
Let me know how you make out.
They like you
You've got their vote
...until they run one someone from within their own community.
That rally looks like a Clinton rally #Yawn
Looks like a Minnesotan support group
Al please get back to DC quick, Dr. Evil is threatening to blow up the world.
Their on VACATION!
My prayers are with you all.
Love seeing Herman the German, Stu the Jew, and our Muslim cousins (or insert better rhyme here) coming together. The world needs more of it
Come to Minnesota, we are one
Great to read! The fear inducing trump admin needs to address this! They won't because they are instigators and believe Muslims are just all
the same. The truth is no real Muslim would take lives. Remember when Ali plead conscientious objector and refused to kill in V. Nam? He
said he'd take whatever punishment be it jail or a firing squad because his religion is against taking lives!! Educate yourself trump n all!
Like FDR said, 'There's nothing to fear but fear itself' and the trump trains fuel is fear induction! Let's learn from him what not to do!!!
While trump stays silent
As he should. Nothing to see here.

Sen. Would you consider running for the presidency?
I'm there!
I support this. I'd love to see the liberal meltdown in 2020 when Al loses bigly.
Me too!!!
You are a truly decent human being. Wish you were our president right now.
