Millions of Americans made their voices heard when Senate Republicans tried to destroy the ACA. And those GOP plans thankfully failed.
But @POTUS has ignored the message sent by Americans of every political stripe in every corner of the country by signing latest exec order.
President Trump’s exec order could mean that families—in MN and nationwide—lose access to affordable, comprehensive health coverage.
On top of that, @POTUS wants to open the market to junk insurance plans, which could drive up costs for folks in the individual market.
And @POTUS move to scrap #CSRs, which are payments that help low- & middle-income families pay for their health care, is unacceptable.
This will drive ↑ costs for ppl on the exchanges. Non-partisan @USCBO estimates premiums will ↑ 20% & number of uninsured will ↑ 1 million.
We should be working in bipartisan way to ↑ coverage, ↓ costs, & improve care—which is exactly what we are doing in Senate Health Committee.
Your stories made the difference in defeating the latest Trumpcare bill and now I’m asking you to again join me, and make your voices heard.
Isn't it against the law to sabotage US law?
There will be tons of lawsuits flying. He is obstructing the law.
I had a TIA a small stroke after watching @realDonaldTrump making a speech, BP sky rocketed. Can I sue? Any probono lawyers?
Just turn it all off. Reach out to like minded folks. Be healthy & happy. He isn't worth it.
You are right. He's not worth making yourself sick(er). Let the rest of us fight back for you! We can do handle it. And if not, it will be ok because others will pick up the baton. 
How do we get our government back? How do we get our country back before it’s too late?
You VOTE for every Dem you can! Even if tempted don't vote 3rd party because 2018 is too important! we have to all join together to get a majority in House & Senate. That's what Republicans did and we have to do it this time!
#RepealAndReplaceCONSIn18
Absolutely! We must. 
https://www.facebook.com/ralph.northam/posts/1601239926637379?comment_id=1602358606525511&comment_tracking=%7B%22tn%22%3A%22R9%22%7D …
62 ml Americans elected a wrecking ball as POTUS. How long will it take to rebuild when he's done?
When can we get him out of the WH?
Now that GOP owns, "New Improved TrumpCare", how will they fix it? Where will it go from here? #ACAnowTrumpcare
@POTUS is an asshat....@SenFranken please save us!
We should be working to dump trump
We need to stop him.  Can't Congress act to override this Exec Action?
you can't fix what's beyond repair Al.  Health Care Worker
@POTUS is incapable of rational thought corrupt incompetent destructive and dangerous
Both my children are in professions that do not typically provide health insurance.This will leave them and my grandkids without coverage.
The architect of the ACA admitted they lied to the public on the law. Dems lined up to pass it.  Take your own responsibility for passing it
Only idiotic liberals see anything good in the whole thing. You guys passed a stupid bill that hurt more hard working people!
@POTUS doesn’t understand how to be a leader, either.  So there’s that.
We need you, Al. Please consider. #2020
Don’t let him stop us!
Why is he allowed to change laws like the ACA through exec order. Can't you stop this?
if he did not think of it, it is no good. you know that! and no matter what happens, he will take credit. ass wipe. (him not you)
#NotMyPresident doesn't seem to agree with reasonable people. You say No, so he says Yes. Louder.
Wrong repeal and replace!!!
PLS! make Courageous move -- ask us to protest this contamination of our country /a strike day to march in ea of our states to ea. capitol.
you need to step away from the old fraud BS.  Not good.
WHY aren't you in Puerto Rico or the USVI?
You had 6 years under Obama to address the problems but you and the other socialists in your party did nothing but obstruct efforts.
Al Franken 2020!!
The chances were given.  If all of you had to have it, it would be different.  Next stop...taking life time pay away from politicians.
You are way too nice, it's time to get nasty
Insurance is legalized mafia. Get rid of it & just provide Universal Health care for all!
it is NOT the job of the GOV to provide health insurance, GET OUT OF MY HEALTHCARE!
It's rational thinking and POTUS is not rational he is irrational and greedy taking as much as he can from America
Duh...
We should be working to fix the presidency by removing Trump. Why is it not happening?
Then get off your butt and do something Sir.....
We should  addressing single payer. most working class people are being slaughtered by insurance companies raising rates
I wish Bernie woulda won the Dem Primary. Love you AlFranken but you should have endorsed him. I think you know that too.
This Trump disaster didn't have to happen. But it's happening and probably can't be stopped.
@POTUS has NO Clue, we need @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats to STEP UP and come out with viable options. STOP the SILENCE, we will be hurting !!
Not asking for too much
ACA was a sham. It appeased more people but still left many screwed. Mainly it made the industry and those they contribute to a lot of money
Thanks for the update what are you doing to stop him?
Gear up. We need you in 2020.
What is your plan? What will the Dems do to bring the GOP to the table and put the well being of the citizens over their party?
It’s going to take those friends of yours across the aisle to do something about it. Amendment 25
No, we should be working on a single payer system.
We know what we’re supposed to be doing. But what are you going to do to make it happen, Al? We need you. POTUS is still shopping for loans.
@SenFranken doing what you suggest benefits millions of Americans.  That is not what Putin wants and so directs Trump to do the opposite.
It's about time we join the rest of the modern world with health care as a given, not something we need to be MORE concerned with every day!
All talk, no action
But what will you DO about Ts moves here. What are you willing to put 'on the line'?
Um...while you are defending the ACA can you distract trump with something shiney and grab the football away from him. Thanks
#FRANKEN2020
Keep at it! We rely on you! #stage4needsmore @ACSCANMN
#ImpeachTrump
Run for pres. Al
I have MNCare & Stage IV Breast Cancer. I work 32/hr/week(nurse) Please stop this EO. It will kill working parents like me fighting 2 live.
A simplified health plan needs to be our goal. Profiting from being healthy and tossing the sick off is where the private market is wrong!
DT is just out there being vindictive and getting rid of anything positive from last 8 years.  You can't reason with retribution.
POTUS is a mentally inept 2B useful. He has destroyed US, but not 4 long. The GOP need to develop a spine, even kids R told bullies R weak.
IMAGINE THAT!!!

too late. plus the us department of health changed their language to read that life begins at conception. DO SOMETHING SENATOR!
Trump is dividing America one issue at a time
Why should citizens subsidize the ins companies? They dont make enuf? What do other countries do?
Hard to convince a criminal to do the right thing ya know? #LOCKHIMUP #25thAmendmentNow
He prefers to kill off the poor and sick.
Where the F have YOU and the rest of Congress been the last 7 years? Look in the mirror. You are part of the problem.
He’s a murderer!
Why should citizens subsidize the ins companies? They don't make enuf? What do other countries do? Seriously. I want to know & understand.
A generation of research supports you. A recent example of my research team's.
http://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/00981389.2017.1373724 …
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28880806 
What's even more sinister is that he just doesn't care.
Agreed! Make it better do not tear it apart’
So do it. Work with the none crazy Republicans and do it.
Best Solution = Medicare For All
Keep going Al, we need you! It’s unconscionable that we let the poor suffer and die so the rich can have more!
Addressing the cost of healthcare... 

#MedicareForAll #MedicareForAll #MedicareForAll #MedicareForAll #MedicareForAll #MedicareForAll
The illegitimate potus hates America and Americans. How much evidence do we need? When will someone DO SOMETHING?!
Trump is an spiteful lil man.
And to believe there are any successes with the ACA is why you are “Mr Smalley”. Small minds = liberals. Please put country before politics.
Trumpcare sucks!
That's bc he promised the rich and himself this huge tax cut. He doesn't want to replace it he wants it gone
That’s why you need to unseat him.
#M4A
Hey Senator Smally, it's unfixable. @RepublicanRehab
Single payer
We know ACA has flaws. They're also fixable. However, if it is forced to fail, in the next election, ppl will only remember that it failed
@realDonaldTrump is a vile "human" being. He hates the black president that served before him. His hatred of @BarackObama  will ruin USA
Senator,  he changed it; it’s not what is was; he now owns it. It should now always be referred to as TrumpCare.
I think his IQ has a lot to do with it...it is equal to his approval rating.
POTUS doesn't seem to "understand"
He wants to burn it all down purely for spite.
You should have been looking at the cost of healthcare from the beginnng.  Healthcare cost drive premiums...simple ins and outs
He deliberately set the stage - if he couldn't get what he wanted from @senategop he was going to show them AT OUR EXPENSE.  Pure sabatogue.
Has Our President’s name on it, Senator. GOTTA GO. Blow it up; we’ll lie to the base about it later.
Would have been nice if you had come to this conclusion any time in the last 9 years. Your words are hollow.
It seems the Moron and Republicans don’t care about the people their suppose to be representing.
Yes! Maybe keep Obamacare the same but change the name to Trumpcare. He just want his name plastered on things... doesn't care about us.
Franken 2020
Thank you @SenFranken, this is EXACTLY what needs to happen!  Telling us that ACA is failing and then forcing failure is not presidential!
@POTUS doesn't care Al. You know it, just say it. His motivation for everything is to take down everything @BarackObama did.
He can’t he hates President Obama so in his underdeveloped mind since he couldn’t remove him from office then remove his legacy. Sad!!!
@POTUS is and f-ing morn.
The only thing @POTUS seems to care about is rolling back anything Obama accomplished. This is sad and will take decades to fix.
the selfish can’t agree with what they don’t understand - they understand only what hurts them — Trump feels nothing...
Nope. He wants to kill people
Shouldn't the law and ALL parts of it be LEGAL? But then DC is the capital of corruption
Please run for potus
Please tell us Americans who care about improving the ACA what we can do to make it happen. Please tell us when and where to join protests.
Trump's an illegitimate/fake prez - the Russia investigation will prove. Before year's end EVERY ASPECT OF OUR LIVES will suffer under him
Sad to say that U @SaylesJon SaylesJonare so right
I couldn't agree with U more @SaylesJon
He wants to destroy anything President Obama did. He doesn't give a damn about America.
Help us Senator Franken, you are our only hope. Please take away his crayons and send him to timeout.
When will you impeach? After we’re in radioactive rain?
Are you doing anything to counteract this madman?
We need a sane president for that.  Trump seems to be hellbent on destroying Obama's legacy.
I agree that’s his primary calling as a way to feel superior. But I’m beginning to believe he loves hurting people, the more the merrier.
Because he can.
Can you run for president??
Agree Mr Al !
We should. He won’t.
No, you should be working to fix healthcare for all, including the disastrous ACA
Senator Franken and the Democrats are trying to do that. Trump on the other hand is doing all he can to sabotage it.
Trump owns American healthcare now. He has totally screwed us.
The @GOP has written the ACA narrative as all about insurance, with no mention of quality (VBP). You @SenatorDurbin and @SenDuckworth should change the narrative.
Nor do your GOP colleagues, it appears.
We should be working on single payer.
Senator, when would an article of impeachment be brought forward to save America? I don’t feel safe! Everyday I worry about what he will do!
Does he ever talk to you all? 
Have you had one chance to tell him your replace ideas? 
I'm very curious to know.
So, what are you doing about this?
Don’t you mean the president doesn’t care
I'm pretty sure potus just took away my health care.
To paraphrase Ralph Kramden “the POTUS is a bum”
Al Franken 2020
didnt the courts deem bo ...eo for aca fix constitutional ? take his ass to court...challenge trump in court
Senator If it is so good You and all politicians must drop the Expensive Healthcare you have and go on OCare
I agree! While we fight to move our system to #MedicareForAll It's the only way we can control cost, cover all and get the greed out.
You should be  working on Impeachment
Come I know u r a comedian, so the word "successes" is really a joke, this ACA is an albatross created by Dumb Democrats.  A disgrace
Then FUCKING DO IT.

Love,
A Frustrated American
All Lying Donald Trump knows about the ACA is what he's heard on Fox & from Hannity & Limbaugh. Ignorance & lies don't get things fixed.
He doesn't understand anything enough to be able to agree/disagree with if. And he's racist. Really really racist.
Sen, I cannot find the words to tell you how ANGRY I am!  I try so hard to keep hate out of my heart, but Trump? God Forgive me, I hate him!
No cooperation on ANYTHING until Trump starts upholding his oath of office. Impeach or Ignore.
That's because he's a moron, Tillerson said so.
We don’t have a real potus. We have a petulant, racist, sexual predator named @realDonaldTrump in the WH.
Senator, with all due respect, he’s crazy & we’re exhausted. We need people in high places to say, “Enough” & reclaim the US from a madman.
Dems have to take the lead and craft a good bill to make needed improvements & show leadership so voters will choose Dems in 2018/2020.
I read this on my FB read this morning its a shame this moron @POTUS is so happy about killing Americans!!!
After all, it is the law of the land!
at least you understand the ACA is broken
Are you kidding?! He doesn't give a damn!  Mueller HELP!!!!
Senator - legislate the hell out of him. Words no longer matter in this world, only action. Please legislate to contain him and protect us.
The Congress and Senate need to band together and find a constitutional way to neutralize the MORON.
How dare potus allow people to have more options. HOW DARE HE I SAY
Trump & the @GOP could care less about what is best for the US people! All they have ever cared about is themselves & donors!!
This isn't the America I was expecting. I'm so deflated and disgusted. And scared.
No. You go back to the ORIGINAL version before the GOP demanded 70% of it be changed to protect insurance companies profits.
this person is driven by envy poisoned beyond belief. not matter who or how many will die, only matter he erase Obama.
I hope I see the faces of you and your fellow Dems on every news program every day telling Americans how Trump is sabotaging the ACA.
Because he simply doesn't care, Senator, he's only looking out for his bank account.
#25thAmendmentNow
I am so fearful about how this next year will be. I had finally been able to get affordable coverage. Now it will be gone again.
Trump doesn't agree to anything that won't directly benefit himself. It's (past) time to  protect Americans by removing him from office.
Don't take bait and negotiate with trumps ins folly. Let his exec order stand & cause pain for his base. Win 4 dems!
Love you Al but you forgot to support #WomanBoycottTwitter
Congress needs to bring Articles of #Impeachment before he destroys our Republic!  #congressgetoffyourass
Sooo what's wrong with the ACA?
I wish I had a job where I could identify what needed to be done, say I need to do it, not get it done, then blame it on somebody else.
Of course he doesn’t agree, he is not able to understand anything!  So sad !
Agree totally. The sad part is that there are faces behind the dollars he is cutting.
He only cares that Pres. Obama got it passed.
It's because deep down he is a home grown racist and can't stand the fact that we had a black President. He hates Latinos and women, too.
ACA increased my family's healthcare costs by 25 times. Isn't the first "A" for affordable? It needs more fixing than you think.
I can not believe that his evil man is running our country.
POTUS is an ass
He's insane!
But Fixing it would mean taking the profit out of people’s suffering and illness and injury.
He cringed when it was suggested people drink filtered water. He doesn't care about anyone. He is truly delusional, thinking ppl  him.
it's called a shortage of grey matter and emotional intelligence. If it's not present you have nothing to work with.
Hopefully, at the least, his actions will create bipartisan cooperation towards producing something that makes it better
The bill’s got a black guy’s name on it. He was elected to undo Obama’s legacy.
Dems should threaten 2 destroy  w/tax breaks 4 the rich, outlaw abortion & mandatory gun ownership. Trump will sign EO 2 do opposite.
Only Senate can stop this. Please do something to save Americans lives.
Good point! What are you and fellow Democrats going to do about it? Point out that Drumpf is wrecking it?
I can't believe how many politicians are standing back and letting that demented bastard ruin our country.  The electoral college is a sham, and the citizen's united decision allowed millions of dollars of untraceable money to flow into a campaign from russia undisclosed.
Potus doesn't know what he's doing except dismantling everything with Obama's name on it because he's a jealous, spiteful narcissist.
Trump doesnt agree about ACA or anythng tht Admin did 4 1simple reason Obama is BlackTrump promised MAGA base all 2 B UNDONE No Mtter cost
Please run for President in 2020! I will work my ass off here in Ohio for you, and at 72 that's a commitment!
