I sent this to Tester and Daines. I thought you and Amy could use it too. Skol!
Dude, we want you to represent us all. #franken2020
I love the fact, that by your representation, you actually protect the lives of the "common people" . Thank you!
The perfect one with a different US Constitution than the rest of America. That's the liberal way.
w Republican dissension on AHCA now would be a good time to propose a single-payer system.
A big thank you to Senator Franken for doing a great job and meeting with his constituents.
You are representing 65 million Americans across the country while representing Minnesota. TY, Sen. Al Franken.
thats bc you represent the people not the corporations
@LeftOfMainSt @ktumulty @washingtonpost Go Al!
Are you willing to represent more then just the people of Minnesota sir? People like you & what you have to say!
we sure do!! I'm thinking he would make a great President.
Make a lot of money on the side....eh?
Does #Gorsuch have character?
Does he reject #SCOTUS nomination or shake the hand that "grabbed pussy"? @SenFranken
No you're not, you're serving yourself to a paycheck. Your actions proved it in the primary. You went against the pep
senator it's time for Medicare for all.  The country is ready for something simple, understandable, reliable. Nontrump
You make a great senator. Keep up the good work and keep holding their feet to the fire. 
I respect Sen Franken he is for the people
People beyond MN are envious that we have such a cool, smart senator. In these crazy times you are a godsend. Mucho love.
A truer statement I have not seen! 
I would be proud to have him out here in California. I'm happy with what we have, I just love this guy!
please run for president in 2020 - and I say that as someone living in California.
I will absolutely second that. Californian here too.
Would you consider crossing state lines and coming to represent Wisconsin?  We need you over here.
dibs on having him in California. Although, you do need him there more than we do. He is my new hero.
Wish you represented California. We need more like you!
agreed
I'm not from Minnesota but I'm very appreciative for its people who voted you in. Your compassion and common sense are so needed
I agree! I'm not either, but I feel the same way.
do you also Shari law f u
he's a libtard isn't he?  He is an idiot.
I just threw up listening to you speak about judge Gorsuch! You don't represent me in Minnesota or many others. 
You sick'n me!
We from Minnesota Are great.
Good luck tomorrow with Gorsuch! Cheering you on from Minnesota! I'm so proud that you're my Senator.
So glad you are part of US Senate -- senators like you give that body strength & resiliance
Please run for President. We all need someone with a conscience who cares about people. All people.
I'm a Canadian who loves Franken as politician. Bright, thoughtful and diligent man. Could listen to him for hours.
-
And you're one of the few who truly does the job of representing constituents. Please move to CO.
Franken should run in 2020!!!
- I really like that he is there & influence beyond MN. Thank u Sen Franken.
We're proud to have you represent MN!
you helped rig the primaries against BS by declaring yourself a super delegate to HRC even before the primaries began- pathetic
I'm very confident the nice people of Minnesota are very happy that you are very happy. 
It shows!  . Thank you for your public service.  I hope to meet you someday & maybe I'll get the chance to vote for u
2020!
I like the fact that you actually listen to your constituents. Thanks Al!
good to know you like your job you as you seem to be one of the few members of congress that take your job seriously
I knew there was a Wit about you when I saw your comedy routine. Not sure if it's Nit or Dim!
wonderful article even for us Mainers. Go Al
Now please consider the WH Senator? PLEASE!!!
Have always been an admirer; I was so lucky to meet u last year in Michigan!
Maybe run in 2020 with @RepJoeKennedy ?????
Please hold strong on GORSUCH. He is a Trojan Horse. Courts and 4th estate all that we have left!  NO ON GORUSCH!
- 2020?? 
and "Frankenly" we LOVE you, sir!!
@blndvmpyr @ktumulty WAY TO GO Al!
. You're a great man!
Then LEAD TO CORRECT THIS GOVERNMENT ! We did not elect a King, Czar or dictator ! DONT LET DT AND HIS ADMIN TO RUIN OUR USA !!
wish we had more like @SenFranken on the floor.
Thanks Al!
Please run for President!
