That’s why today I helped introduce Savanna’s Act, a bill that aims to combat the crisis of murdered & missing Native women & girls.
With a conviction rate hovering around 0
Fmr Canadian PM Stephen Harper was asked about missing and murdered indigenous women. He responded "Frankly it's not on my radar." #cdnpoli
And then when his wife Laureen was asked if she would intervene with her husband to push for an inquiry, she responded "Some other day".
Canadian conservatives are horrible, horrible people. Just like Republicans.
Very important but what about Puerto Rico
And thank you for working to rectify that!
Reasons?
I’ve always loved you Al Franken. Thank you.
You should try being an Indigenous woman human rights lawyer. The abuse we face at work by some lawyers & judges is insane & disgusting.
This could also be a factor
We can't address violence against Native women because the judiciary & legal profession abuse the Native women lawyers in Canada & USA.
I'm about to go to UNHRC about the abuse by lawyers & judges in Canada that I have endured over the years. Luke 8:17 & Rom 8:28.
Is this statistic related to domestic violence ?
Same deal in Canada. #Smh #MMIWG
It is...but...when South Dakota still has "Indians" listed as legal "game" during hunting season...well...
Awful, Thank you, Senator Franken
It’s a disgrace !!!! Thank you Mr. Franken it’s unusual to see a leader with EMPATHY AND COMPASSION! It’s hard to come by lately. 
So know that this is heard ..In the midst of  rampant corporatism... the rest of the world is listening.
I just wonder what you did to an Indian woman.  I hope she’s able to tell her story soon!!
Al you seem to point out allot of facts with zero solutions. This does not solve any problem.
Deeply troubling. What are you doing about real gun control & white-on-native violence?
On gun control:
Stop him!
Maybe @SenWarren should be worried. #Pocahontas
Alcoholism and thus murder rates run high on government reservations.  Really high.
Love your spirit.  Please keep #45 feet to fire. Eradicate nepotism, security waste, more for the wealthy, and the lies.  Hurting America!
"Native women "

Who are "Native women"?
Native to what country?
India?

PC kills meaning...
Thank you @SenFranken for shining a light in the darkness of this reality. Native American women deserve better. You, sir, are a great man.
Wind River was an emotional plea to talk about this statistic.
Stop #CORRUPTION #shakopeemdewakantonsiouxcommunity
So glad that you addressed that issue
support hr669 support bumpstock and assault bans.  stop Trump from using tax money on his lawyer and using Airforce one for pleasure
That is so sad . Why ?
Thanks Senator!!
Sleepless, when you 'liked' the photo, it made me tear up for the memory of that  wonderful moment. We were at Ceremonial. Thank you.
You're welcome. We NEVER hear about legislation helping Natives much less for Native women. Very happy @SenFranken is doing this 
This situation has plagued me for years. W window Rock, Crown point, Dulce, Rabbit Brush and Kayenta. Abuse and death.
Me too. I grew up in urban Phx, but have lots of family on AZ Rez's. Most non-Native people don't know about these problems.
I had a coworker ask me about our tribes recently. She assumed we all had great healthcare and were wealthy from tribal pay outs 
I grew up with  Choctaws. They were very poor then but are wealthy now from casinos. The tribe has a great hospital 25 miles from me.
I have Choctaw friends. That might be generalizing. My Choectaw friends still want regular insurance because Native healthcare isn't as good
I can’t like this, it’s abhorrent.
Thank you Senator Franken!
you must mistakenly identify @SenWarren as native ehh
So many indigenous women have disappeared/ been murdered in a stretch of Highway 16 in British Columbia, it's known as the Highway of Tears.
Sr Franken native American women get the worst of everything. I have all my life in states that have native populations  it true
{This}
There is abuse by "off rez" men/women and he/she isn't charged under tribal law. A Navajo woman would go to either Alb.or
Denver for trial.
Agreed
Native women? You mean #AMERICANNativeIndianwomen?  I'm lost on the NATIVE part.  native Cuban, Russian, Italian women. Who? What?
Troll alert
Why?  Could it be poverty? Could it be education? Could it be our governments lack of interest in the people that we have stolen there land. An entire continent.
It starts with being discarded and everything  else fell into place after that. I have Navajo friends who don't have water or electricity
You're a good man, Senator. Thank you.
And in Minnesota 22% of the adult female population at MCF-Shakopee are Native American.
Native men are also far more likely to be stopped, injured & killed by police.
True, but Native women need highlighting here. Rape and murder by off reservation non-Natives, and domestic violence within the tribe.
Firewater must have something to do with it
Thank you! Maybe while you're at it, take a look at PL 280
And my friends n family wonder I encourage my 11 year old to practice Kung Fu
Thank you, Senator, for bringing this issue to our nation's attention.
Have you heard of The Highway of Tears in N. British Columbia?
Silly question, but are they murdering people at 10 times the rate?
Outrageous.
Oh my goodness! So very very sad..
So your point about how troubled you are??
Also people dying reservations from bad water and very preventable diseases as well as a lack of good health care
I live in Montana where we have the 7 largest reservations I believe in the nation. The crime rate overall is breathtaking.
Suicide by Indian teens is higher by area than white kids.
How can we help?
Slap the ×××× out of your republican politician until  Indians receive their rights. $, schools, roads, utilities and most of all, dignity.
Thank you!
Even worse that this is a North American problem that is so ununderreported and ignored.  Facing it is facing our complicity as thieves.
I did not know this. It's obscene. What can be done?
See my post to ancientgreek.
Remember when @GOP voted nay on Violence Against Women Act JUST because it had PROTECTIONS 4 Native, LGBTQ, Undocumented #Women?
#GoodTimes
Yes I do.
Remain unsolved and or unprosecuted. Thank you so much for speaking out.
Thank you. The wall of silence on this issue has been terrible. Native women are at serious risk and violent crimes against them often
Mainstream media has never said anything about this. You would think some of the women's groups wouldve taken this up as a cause by now!
I've begged them to get involved.
Did you see WIND RIVER?
I agree #Rebeldems
Thank you.
Is it a racist or sexist problem Al?
Cue racist dogwhistle pointing to Native on Native crime
Actually it is often white on native violence. It has been a long, sad problem for literally hundreds of years and remains so today.
What are we going to do about it?
