Time and time again, these folks are acting like a group of ppl w/ something to hide. Americans deserve to know why. https://www.facebook.com/senatoralfranken/posts/1439246896161188 …
@SenatorDurbin This is why Trump's FBI dir must not be confirmed #trumprussia @SenFeinstein @SenatorLeahy @SenWhitehouse @SenCoonsOffice
@SenatorHirono @SenBlumenthal   Weinberg Statement on Trump FBI Pick & Christie Attorney Christopher Wray http://www.njsendems.org/18240/  #corrupt
Just like Obama sought to undermine Israel's democracy & election
Oh you mean like YOUR "lack of CONCERN" for INNOCENT folk being GUNNED DOWN in COLD BLOOD by your Minneapolis SQUAD?
You do realize that if you run against him in 2020 you'll absolutely crush him, right?
He wont be here in 2020 mark my words.
He shouldn't be, but I am less than confident that Congress will take the correct course of action in response to the Mueller investigation.
Isn't Mueller "the top dog" they will investigate & try people, he & senate R Congress will b devastated by scandal. They will have to. hope
As I understand (not a lawyer) Mueller has the power to bring charges against essentially everybody but the president.
GET 2 CHARGING BECAUSE THAT'S A BUNCH OF LIARS THERE.TAKE WHOLE ADMINISTRATION 2 PRISON.MELANIA &IVANKA 2
1. You make a very valid point. 2. If you press the key marked "CAPS LOCK" one more time you'll seem more... is "measured" the word?
MAYBE ITS A GOOD THING ,MAYBE USA PPL WILL KNOW HOW SERIOUS THE TRUMP,PENCE &PARTY IS.VERY DANGEROUS PPL.
They won.
POTUS says he won the popular vote. What's the fixation on popularity.
The Electoral College is what counts.

The electoral college is a disaster for a democracy.
Still it's the one that counts!
Centuries of tradition unhampered by progress.
Those off the record meetings with Putin... wait isn't that obama and rice?  Did your head spin when you found out about that?
Come on al... the Russians were the darlings of liberals just a couple of years ago. Can't you be more flexible after the election?
Was SO looking forward to Jr. & Manafort squirm on Wed. when it was the Senator from Minnesota's turn to ask questions. Oh well. Raincheck?
None of the @GOP who are shielding and protecting @realDonaldTrump seem to care either. All are complicit traitors.
... and there are Russians under every bed!
#FrankenHarris2020
@POTUS wants to BE Putin and have his kind of power. However, he doesn't get the USA is not Russia. He's all goo-goo eyed over Putin.
Sought to and may have succeeded in undermining our democracy.  Unless we turn this boat fast the trajectory is clear.
To course, because they also seek to undermine it.
Yeah but Hillary's emails!
Let's not forget Rosemary's three-and-a-half minutes of erased tape recordings!
@ptrush805 Trump fam has profited from working w mobsters-incl $laundering Russians-that they value govt run by directly by them
Please don't call Mr. Trump, "president", sir. Presidents are made in free and fair elections. He's just a game show host occupying the WH.
Worse, he stole the election by disenfranchising millions
Oh ok you are the one who can actually tell us what the Russians did. Like name what specifically they did. Do you know?
If you don't see the connection then you are ignorant. Ignorance is what got us what we have today.
Thank you.
They are patriarchal, NOT patriotic.
In fact, his communications director says that Trump does not believe RU interfered
They have to honestly admit the American people that it happened! They can lie to themselves as long as they want! Stop lying as you hurt us
Why, what's in it for them?
GET THEM UNDER OATH.
Whose bird brain idea was it NOT to do such. Al?
Hey will y'all release to the public what Russia actually did. I know they did something to mettle BUT we don't know what. Let us know.
I disagree.  There.  [Awaiting your disrespect...]
Aside from milking the office 4 every drop of personal gain, what is #Trump concerned about?
I agree sen.franken.Every american ,is worried that the Russia has destroyed our election,trump should want to take action for these attacks
No, they really don't, do they?
Yes, we REALLY do, we DO!
Why the past tense?  putin still seeking to undermine US & his tr*mppet is doing a pretty great job of destabilizing our govt.
Russia has always Don't that and we have too Do you know what specifically the Russians did? No one seems to be able to say they mettled HOW
I guess they don't think we notice that stuff. With their limited intelligence they assume we're all as sound as they are
I love you.  Even with my limited intelligence.
I was generalizing there, sorry. Thank you. I love you too.
I love carrots, especially juice, w/sweetened condensed milk.  J/S
What is this unusual concoction you describe?  Well at least you didn't say hasenpfefer. 
LOL  No thanks!  I searched & destroyed any notion, of eating such a concoction.  Jamaican churchmemebers turned me on to the juicing.
But you know who does besides us? MUELLER 

.@SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan can you explain why neither the administration nor congressional leaders are addressing this?
Why should they, when they're all down for whatever? They've been Russia stamped for years and the presidency fuels the power and money
Kinda like how Obama didn't seem to care when he was warned about it before the election?
Seriously hypocritical..i dont hear u or ur drone's railing against susan Rice and other Dem's refusing to testify in public eye #stoptalkn
And Obama and his Democratic administration did nothing while it was happening. Stuart.
But now YOU trust the Russian ambassador?  Narco al is at it again.  Or just moronic?
Do you have any evidence for that Al?
I think we know by now that they're involved with the undermining!!!
Corrective action,  Mueller, and vote you flaming libtards out of congress. Try to work with the GOP, maybe I will respect u a little bit.
They know BS when they hear it.
Occam's razor. 
They are ok with it.
Indeed they are. They were counting on it then,  even more so now. 

The Russians will burn them all down, when they choose, no hesitation.
Nor the @GOP
Include @ChuckGrassley in that list
NONE of your Republican colleagues seemed concerned abt Russia! What the Hell is @ChuckGrassley up to ? So Disgusted @ lack of leadership!
Please follow my thread this as I EXPOSE TREACHERY of @GOP especially @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @ChuckGrassley @DevinNunes 
#GOPTraitors
Sometimes I think you should of stuck with comedy. Deflection is the Dems way script was written by the progressives in Unholywood.
Sessions had a session with Russian agents, too. The RussianFix was carefully, artfully arranged to coopt our government leader and watcdog.
Trump and Employer Putin are both fantasizing about being Presidents 'for life'. Are you comfortable with this @SpeakerRyan , @SenMajLdr ?
Why did Repubs insist on public testimony from Hillary, but are not demanding same from traitors Manafort and @DonaldJTrumpJr ?
You should be more concerned by Americas interference in the governments of other countries
They think they can control russia and make it work in their favor. That's not how russia works.
But....but...but...Hillary!
I hate Trump as much as anyone, but the US also undermined others' democracy at times. #Trump will only be defeated by policies & campaigns.
Because they are all traitors.
That's right Senator Franken and @realDonaldTrump.
#WatergateWithRussianDressing
Are we certain the Sessions thing is real?
My guess would be "Only the tip of the iceberg."
Even more troubling neither does the GOP & I'm not seeing a lot of push back from Democrats considering Putins puppets are performing daily
We are in the minority, Adam Schiff and Mark Warner are investigating. We do what we can
Democracy is established system in world.
It is funny how the Democrats made fun of Trump for suggesting the elections are rigged and NOW you lost and you are concerned out it??
His own son Jr stated " we are getting money coming in from Russia" during his campaign
Their only concern is to fatten their wallets.
Its bc Russia helped Trump win. Trump doesn't want to work. He wants to boss people around & take credit for America
Obvious enemies to Liberty
@eaglesfanjoe_sr
Putin isn't undermining.He's shopping. Trump gave him a foothold.Trump is a puppet. Pence is naive to think the far right could manage him.
Mueller must shine the spotlight on irrefutable proof. WH admin doesn't care about integrity. They don't even seem concerned about optics.
Well, They thought Americans were too stupid to notice collusion, or too apathetic to care, so they could pull off a bloodless coup.
not to mention most Republicans in congress.
"...dont seem concerned..."  
u spelled "...got help to win election from..." wrong
Why should the "first (crime) family" be concerned?
They are in on it.
Because they worked with them to do it!
Like that you consistently speak out. Where's the outrage from the rest of the Dems?
Nor do any of the Republican Party seem concerned. I think every single Republican is corrupt and have no morals.
What is this "democracy" you speak of, ex-funnyman? #DumpTheDems #BuildAWorkersParty to #FightForAWorkersGovt
THEY undermined our democracy and got Russia to help them. This is high treason. Don't water it down.
We are witnessing the fruition of Putin's long game, started years ago. It's not just 2016. Trump is Putin's long con, US is the mark.
No, but they are weirdly obsessed with voter fraud. Go figure.
And that al e speaks volumes. We need to get this embarrassment out of the WH
Not one bit
Are we going to become Russia?
At least dictatoships execute people. We just give them book deals and cable news contracts.
They don't play by rules.
Because A) the think the election was the end if the game and B) they thought they could get away with it.
and your republican colleagues don't seem to mine that they r undermining our democracy! we r in such trouble sen. franken. this sucks BIGLY
Maybe because it was 45's intent as well (Heaven Help us?) Hate to think it . . .
#corruptTrump is only concerned about the investigation that's going to expose him and the rest of the #corruptGOP & Staff

Sessions discussed matters related to Trump campaign with Russian ambassador, U.S. intelligence intercepts show http://wapo.st/2vtgvtf 
Elections are coming. Get out the vote. GOP are totally responsible for this New World Order of USA losing democracy&moving to Dictatorship
So why the hell are @DonaldJTrumpJr and @PaulManafort off the hook for public hearing? Why are they setting the terms? I smell coverup.
Probably because it benefited them, and only them
. You don't seem concerned that you 'won' your Senate seat with ballots conveniently 'found' just when you needed them. #AlreadyUndermined
Sen. What are your views on the Clinton Uranium deal? Lynch tarmac meeting with Bill? or the shooting of woman by Somali PO?
Appearances DO matter.
So did the Clintons and you don't seem to mind. What is the difference.
Not only don't they care: they FACILITATED IT.
Obama didn't seem to care either
A statement of ignorance
Read a little. Just a little. It will help with your facts
Treason in the White House.
As long as money is to be made,they simply do not care about our Democracy.  It's every Trump/Kushner for himself.
We'll, AL I Babba, we've been trying to undermine Moscow since 1950!
Trump is indebted to Putin Trump thinks law doesn't apply to him and his family if the GOP doesn't step up we're in serious trouble
I'm concerned about a political party that used their media, in a strategy to elevate Trump to the GOP nomination, and then lost to him
Well yeah they were all helping them!!!
What is the Senate doing to stop trump dead in his tracks? All hands on deck or we vote you all out and investigate you. Have a press brief
Because they don't want democracy, they want a  totalitarian dictatorship.
Hey Al....what about your election.Want to comment on how you won??Fraud mean anything to you?
Because they want to undercut our democracy, it is a perfect fit
What about the rest of the elected GOP?  They seem to shrug off and are not expressing any urgency.
What is more frightening is a section of voters/trump fans are not concerned about Kremlin's meddling. We expect gangsters 2b unconcerned.
That is because they all colluded with the Russians to give trump the presidency.
Shaaaadddaaaap !its debunked!
His taxes will show what he's doing with his purported "billions". His whole business empire smells of money laundering for the Russians.
#HarrisFranken2020 or #FrankenHarris2020 

Don't matter 2 much which cause I know our country would be controlled by adults. @KamalaHarris
#HarrisFranken2020
Why would they? It got them into power
They were involved. Right now they're just trying 2 cover their butts that's their main concern, undermining R election is a distant 2nd!!!
Yes BUT 100s of Millions of People ARE Concerned! Oh and Around the World 
Of course not. He doesn't care about useless things like morality, decency, honor, but rather about what is IMPORTANT—ego, greed, & lust.
Al, In their world of reference, Russia DIDNT UNDERMINE, it PURCHASED.  As DJT shouts he doesn't OWN in , I suspect he& fam OWES 
No it looks like they were very much in on it.
Why do I have thoughts of Nero fiddling as Rome BURNS 
They do not, nor do a lot of his supporters! Unbelievable to me!
Nothing to look at move along... prez replaces Porky  with Daffy Duck  today to "distract" the MSM....AGAIN ugh 
Of course they aren't concerned, so long as they personally benefit from the interference.
Only undermine ???
In all fairness to the #russianmongrels In the WH. WHY NOT , @GOP Is aiding in the takeover of our Govt 
Their wish is the USofRUSSIA
that's because it's still going on, quite successfully
Duh Al!! Not exactly a news flash
They know trumputin is an imposter & was installed with full complicity of GOP
HRC elected by majority. Sad, russia decides our "democracy"
Then it is up to all of us to enforce their concern.
I don't think they understand what they have done that what makes it even worse it's the norm for them
Neither does the dnc, they won't turn over the server that was hacked! Why @SenFranken
I keep waiting for a super hero to swoop in to save us from this madness that is Trump & his administration.
Neither does anyone who watches Fox News
Clowns don't belong in politics. Retire al.
No they concern all right...they scared they bout to get caught.
We need more honest, REAL leaders. 
Please @SenFranken, your country needs you to be that leader.
Hint Sec III Art 3, let's start there
Why would they be, when they are the beneficiaries of that behavior which they more than welcomed at every turn.
As my senator kick their treasonist asses! I got your back.
Concerned? They were giddy with excitement!
Course not they were too busy rooting for their team!
I hope that is rhetorical   it is obvious they encouraged it
SEN. AL FRANKEN 2020 ,the 46 POTUS ,HES THE PERFECT CHOICE and has exactly what"IT" takes "he will destroy what's left of trump #FRANKEN2020
To be fair to them, they've had a lot longer to get used to it than the rest of us. 
Of course they aren't concerned, they were all helping the russians. They know what happened, and don't want any investigations going on.
Too busy counting 
They are hypocrites and traitors
Get'em Al!! Don't let these traitor get away with anything!
Because money is more important to them than being an American.
Thank you for acknowledging that Mr Franken, what are you doing about it?
It's all about the money Al.  Follow it to his destruction
But they are concerned with the pardon powers of the president.
Like people that cheated on exams. They got what they want so why would they care? All that matters to them, is them.
@MaryGoldsberryT What concerns the #Trumps is keeping their sources of capital happy. By all accts, many of those are Russian.
Or most of the GOP plus 60 million sheep.
Why dont you and the rest of the dems start putting your energy into something positive for the country!
$$$$$$$$$
Follow the money
The repubs are all on record showing that's what they covet most.
Probably because they "won" the election @SenFranken. I can only imagine if the roles were reversed. 
Well a lot of republicans on hill as well 
It just boggles the mind, doesn't it?
That's because AG Sessions is much more concerned about some 400 lb. guy who smokes marijuana in his own basement.
Civil asset forfeiture, long waits for trials, prison overcrowding, police brutality do more to undermine our democracy than Russia
Of course they don't. They took part in it for Money and don't care about America
Kompromat & Komplicit. #TheResistance #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussiaCollusion #TrumpAdoption #TrumpRussiaCollusionConfirmed #PutinPuppet
Nor do way too many #GOP in #Congress. Or in the populace. I believe he's at 82% approval with Repubs?
Becausetheywerethrilledtobechosentohelp
CAN SOMEONE OTHER THAN A DEM CARE?!?!?!
When Kushner wanted a back channel... C'mon Man!
And neither do his supporters seem to care!
They're not concerned because they're complicit. The @GOP Congress not acting to protect our country. How many of them we're/are involved?
When it's Mueller time, they will all be concerned.
Right. Plan of action?
They won.  That's all they care about.  Had it worked in Hillary's favor, they'd be all over it.
It is your duty to impeach this dangerous traitor.
Please Senator, do all you can to preserve us. We need you and those like you! BTW, vaca w/fam at Giants Ridge was great!
Are you?
@GOP is #complicit. @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr I hope they are under investigation, too.
Dear Sen. Franken.. They were the instruments of a Russian invasion of the US. This deception was Years in the making.
The American people should be concerned that we have a "Useful Idiot" as President.
Super delegate Franken.
They don't care about democracy, they don't love this country, they want power and money.
Your observation is correct, it seems they will get away with the undermining too.
You seem all at sea as to how fast you can get investigated over plagiarism with SNL when you hold out on reporting Mueller's sedition, 2017
