@tmoyer09 Every appointment is intended to weaken/destroy respective departments.  Intentionally. Detrimental.
That has been Bannon plan from day 1, he went on Fox live and told the WORLD he was going to do it. No one listened, GOP didn't care. NOW ?
He belongs to some semi-secret ultra right wing group that includes DeVos, Conners, and others. Pretty much a Koch libertarian plan.
The plan is to control everything. Including all the money and property. DeVos is making schools religious learning centers. Fight back now
Oh and coming from that scientific genius al franken means it's gospel.Don't think so. First global warming then climate change.Whats next?
It hasn't changed from global warming to climate change. Don't get your info from pundits and politicians. Listen to what the scientists say
Did most certainly change.  The narrative changed to try and match the science but even then it was proven false. Good luck guy with ur BS
Sen. Al Franken is the type of guy that I want to see running for President.
Loved his takedown of Trump University at Democratic convention. Would be nice to have wit in the WH.
I started following him in 1983's "Trading Places". 
He was one of the zookeepers transporting the gorilla on the "party train".The one where Jim Belushi is dressed up in a gorilla costume. 
What does Trump have on GOP Congress tht they're willing to throw out truth/facts? Balancing budget is one thing but they're going too far!
It's what Putin has on those money junkies.
Yes, so hard to tell the blonds apart these days! Putin/Trump they look so much alike! Except Putin is more physically fit! He excercises!
The theory of climate change has more empirical evidence than the Law of Gravity! Thank you Sen Franken for standing up to this ignorance!
Maybe you could stop promoting your book until you do the job you were elected to do. I am one of your constituents. Time to clean the W.H.
Sen. Franken thank you for standing up to the Trump administration. America needs you so badly right now.
Science has been around for nearly 5 billion years. @realDonaldTrump has only been around for 71. I think I'll trust science over that guy.
We cannot allow this charade to continue. These people will wreck havoc for years to come dismantling progress for #RobMercer
Each day allows them to do more harm. They can't get out soon enough for me.
We cant afford billions to be psid to Green house fund. But you can donate to it!
In other words---
Ok that's hilarious. Metaphor describing regressive left-wing social justice warriors as animals? Right ? 
so when @realDonaldTrump says the world is flat .  That should be accepted too?

Wow . we REALLY have a banana republic dictator elected !!
POTUS is not a king.  Not only can he be wrong (and the science says he is), it's our collective duty to tell him so.
@realDonaldTrump could never be as humble King Canute; so @potus thinks he can control the climate/tides. He thinks he's God right? We R Fkd
And the President works for the people- not for his own policy
OMG.. this guy does not belong anywhere in our govt
Well if he can sleep at night I guess that is all this guy needs to sell his soul.  Wait until they start dismantling Yellowstone
This Is NOT A Cult Of Personality - It's A Democracy-The Words Of President Are Not "Law" or even necessarily "true"-Flush out your headgear
They have NO RIGHT to decide on the WORLD, how DARE they.Republicants,GREEDY,IMMORAL,UNETHICAL,SELFISH,LIARS,TRAITORS to OUR people!
@EPAScottPruitt's perspective doesn't override science either.
HOW are these people even allowed to be a nominee in this day and age?
They promised 45 they would destroy the department.
We cherish yr smarts, character and deliberateness, now, more than evah!
agreed!!
Can we CLONE HIM?
Thank you, Sen. Franken. Please do not stop telling the Emperor & his minions that they are naked (& dishonest). Climate is too important.
Agree with you a 100%. For one that supports many Trump ideas, this one I am with you. Kind of a no-brainer we are destroying the earth.
*sigh* Another willingly homicidal bastard. It irks me to even hear his voice. These maniacs are gonna kill us all.
A demented ignorant POTUS will never have an idea that should supersede a learned experienced qualified SCIENTIST!
I think the mathematics behind the science is wrong. I believe it's actually on a more aggressive algorithm. I would say 50-60 years. Best
@shreec @Interior @POTUS I think science might have something to say about that.
Oh, good god.They have been deliberately picking the worst people for these positions, to cause chaos in the government machine. Ex: Clarke
@CenterForBioDiv @Interior @POTUS Thankyou @SenFranken!! This Rep farmgirl disagrees w/ POTUS perspctve. Pls  keep fighting 4 us
Always enjoy @SenFranken viewpoints and clarity. I don't know how people can turn their backs on the science.
Outrageous.
Shine light on their abuses. We just need a few senators to come to their senses.
#45 works for me and you and everyone else, not us for him. He either goes green, or we'll be in the streets. Stop that, the Capitol.
We are doomed as a species. Might be good for the planet.
What's next, are they going to start calling him the great leader & worship his portrait, these people are out of their damn minds.
Agree with @SenFranken but he fails to mention that there are actually MORE jobs in green energy than the fossil fuel industry.
At least he admitted it.! He made no bones about it either. Yet he is as dumb as his boss.!
that is perhaps one of the dumbest statements I have ever read! except for pretty much anything #donthecon has ever said.  #resist
Freaking scary.
Please be our president.
Please don't let these people sell America's natural resources to a new breed of oligarch. Public lands are in peril. We need to save them.
The "We Won" BS. Sick of it.
Al, you're spectacular. Keep stressing reality. Policy not based on science is absurd.
I have never witnessed such visceral commitment to stupidity
Are we back to the times of Galileo? Lock up the scientists when u dn't like what they say (or more likely when they interfere w/yr GREED)?
Speaking of science: if you haven't yet, plz protest the appalling #climate denial at @nytopinion! SIGN & RT
Just fuckin WOW!!!!
Keep up the good fight Al.
You are such a fruit cake!
for believing in science?
Absolutely does not and absolutely should not overrule science data for climate change! The Pres is full of hooey!!
That's insane!

lol overrides science. nothing overrides science. FACT
45 has demonstrated he knows nothing about anything related to science.
TRUMP "CLIMATE CHANGE A HOAX"...BIRDS BELIEVE IN IT...DONT EVEN FLY SOUTH ANYMORE..A SCHOOL OF THEM F"MY CAR UP DAILY!
As ridiculous as saying he's to be our only news source!
He's an asshole who's going to get us KILLED one way or another!!!!.......

Is POTUS supposed to be infallible like the Pope? Wtf how come that philosophy work when it was BHO?
My future President! Big All Franken

#RESIST #FossilFuels because of #ClimateChange & #GlobalWarming 
Listen to Senator Franken explain how important FACTS r2 #Military
Wait....what? Next someone is going to say Donald is the messiah.
God help us
Thank you Sen Franken. No person's agenda should trump the facts
#gop3stooges

A cabinet member isn't supposed to just follow in knee-jerk, lock-step with the president. They are supposed to ADVISE him when he is wrong.
So, this guy says bc people voted for a president w/ignorant, anti-science policy, so what if that policy leads 2 disaster. Gotta follow him
The jobs lost in reducing fossil fuel dependence will be more than compensated for in jobs for green energy.
45's word over science? Get this nut job out of office. And take his entire climate denier cabinet full of crazies out of there! #nutjob
He thought the same thing about his Muslim travel ban and that is why the POTUS is incompetent.States can ban bad environmental decisions
Why aren't any of you Dems DOING anything? Words. Just words.
@ArrestJK @Interior @POTUS wtf? He's the president not a God!!!
and even the best President (Trump being one of if not THE worst) can make mistakes and has advisors in many areas
Wish you would run for president!
The POTUS does NOT have the authority to say that scientists are wrong!
Please fight this fight for us Al.
Unfuckingfathomable.Thank you,Senator, for everything,even if it seems like it's not working yet.These guys are careless w their kids' lives
The @realDonaldTrump and the Trumpkin perspective, If I say it, it is so, period!
Trump to appoint Alex Jones as national science advisor.
IOW, nominee says I don't cause about catastrophic impact of AGW, because "muh Prezident". Unbelievable.
"You can have your own opinions, you can't have your own facts."  -- me
These people are SUCH asshole.  Shameful @interior
Al .. give em hell!!
What in the legitimate F...
Do not confirm that clown. There are already too many clowns in this administration. ...
What an idiotic statement. SAD, when facts and science mean nothing to a Cabinet nominee.
Idiot. Climate control should be left to experts not amateurs
This is why we must not normalize these Disingenuous Pandering Right Wing Fringe Extremists as "Conservative" Nothing of the sort.
#AlFranken2020
Works for me!
Amazing how potus has become a god in such a short period of time! Knows more than science!
Could a government official's opinion about a study drug be the basis for approval to sell untested drugs to patients with diseases?
He is an ELECTED official, not a King!
Bernhart: "Frankly, facts don't matter, because of the election. #POTUS can ignore threats to #America based on his campaign promises."
Thanks for your support of facts Senator. Scientific research & knowledge has pushed our country forward & created opportunities.
Things are on fire. Yes, yes they are and the boss says don't put them out because he and his friends are the ones starting the fires.
It overrides science?? Are we back in the dark ages with the Flat Earth Society
So because Donald Trump said so that's what we are doing...that's insane. Trump over science? That's terrible policy.
How anyone can believe that removing safeguards for the environment is good for America is shocking. It affects all living things.
NO more confirmations. Shut it down. Grind it to a halt until we find out what the what is going on.
I don't understand why we're still having conf. hearings w/a Russian tool as Pres. under FBI investigation.
Saudi's say the same about their king? You can't sustain a democracy when one party the GOP is committed 2 racism fascism & magical thinking
Quite a few of those grads out there!
The divine king
It's all about the money. If it were profitable to help the climate, these fools would be all over it.
OMG We're doomed. Help us, Mr.Franken, help us.
Omg! Is he implying @POTUS is a deity?
THAT WOULD HAVE BEEN TRUE IF @POTUS WAS ACTUALLY A REAL LEGITIMATE PRESIDENT THIS GUY IS A RUSSIAN AGENT SO HE S NOT PART OF THE REPUBLIC
Lemme see if I understand. This guy just conveyed a #CloakOfInfallibility to Trump? Did we elect a Pope? What is wrong with these people?
@AJ_9342 @Interior @POTUS I think that was called a slap down
Nominee for Interior is serious stupid
IMPEACH ILLEGITIMATE THIEVE PENCEAD ADMINISTRATION ALL REPUBLICANS ELECTORAL COLLEGE PRISON FOR ALL.
The Earth doesn't give a shit who's president.
Come on people! We know that only religion overrides science! Wait.. oh..its because 45 is so religious? Ah now I get it! :p
Well spoken @SenFranken. Bernhardt has a point, as distasteful as it is, which is why we must hope that Trump gets impeached or resigns ASAP
The Emperor has no clothes, or clean air, or clean water, or coastal cities......
You are doing a fabulous job. Pls keep the #Resistance going! #ClimateChangeIsReal
OMG Sen Franken you deserve hazard pay after these confirmation hearings. PAIN-FUL. Thanks for doing your job!
That hurts 
I simply adore @SenFranken! 
#Franken2020 #alfranken2020 (or sooner!)
We will not stand idly by and let Trump and his mobsters destroy our nation. Find the dirt on that interior rat & get that trash out!
So, Mr. Bernhardt, you are saying we follow the Trump policy, which is from a moron regarding science, and you will follow that policy
To conquer a nation, first replace science with christianity-#gop has no constitutional right to poison my water, rather just the opposite
Thank you so much, @SenFranken. @SecretaryZinke, you're a wolf killer and the ranchers' stooge.
Regarding the nominee's response:
NO MORE TREASONOUS TRUMP CABINET PICKS!! #45isIllegitimate
Wow.
In the world of Attila the Hun.
Did that really just happen Al? Just mind-blowing... another flat-earth theorist nominated for high office, how astonishingly unsurprising
I was gobsmacked too. And same problem with his tongue tripping over his brain and getting his words muddled. What happens in their heads??
ha, maybe the tongue twisting was actually the sound of his own brain's bullshit detection program going into overdrive? "umm, NOOOO..."
Djt...is smarter than our best scientists???? Djt isnt smarter than our door knobs for ch***st sake!!!!!
You are correct. Science Trumps .@POTUS #sciencematters #climatechange
****HIT MY SITE..SCROLL DOWN..TRUMP ISIS LINK IS THE SAUDI PRINCE WHO BOUGHT HIS B/R & THIS PRINCE CEO FOX AS WELL AS ISIS MONEY MAN!!***
We don't sit back & allow millions to die on an uninhabitable Earth - allow total catastrophe - because of POTUS' opinion. EVER.
The President's OPINIONS do not override FACT and science - they do not override science. They do NOT change science.
And the science is CLEAR. Doing NOTHING in the face of what science has proven re: climate change is GROSSLY irresponsible and stupid.
He was shaking so bad, he knew he was bullshitting and he knew that what he said is stupid. Avarice is going to kill us all 
Run in 2020, because "dog-gone-it" we deserve a good hearted man like you. ....And you're "smart enough" & I really do like you. Truly, Ana.
Keep at 'em, Al.

And I'm still not a dude ranch.
Would love to see Senators Franken and Gillibrand on the 2020 ticket.

What?? God I miss Obama and his cabinet choices so much I could cry.
All Franken, thank you not only for having a set of balls, but for using them... Lead on sir!
Keep up the great work!
Who are these know-nothing people!? Why so ignorant!? We MUST #FireTrump #VoteOutGOP #SaveEarth #SupportClimateChange #DrainTrumpSwamp
Dah. If the dumbass says the earth is flat well dah then dah right dah republic of elected...ah science??
Actually many scientists agree that much of climate change rhetoric is wrong.
This clip demonstrates the the most dire result of Trump's Presidency, including Russia. The planet Earth is at stake.
You have a President blustering that 2+2 equals 5 and you're going to just fall in line with that, no matter the consequences?
It does when you clowns are talking about Gore's global warming hoax!
Thank you!  He's ridiculous.
Let us not be shocked to discover that a trump nominee doesn't know the difference between a chief executive and a king.
Did u ask 2 do a drug test on that guy? Who in their right mind speaks that way?@we_dems @Interior @POTUS
So does that mean we can hold @POTUS personally responsible for any climate related disasters? Awesome, don't have to buy insurance.
On related news, Trumpo just decreed Galileo wrong so now the Sun orbits the Earth.
Just cause he's prez don't make him right.
I tried this kind of arguement but apparently no one can escape this theory of "gravity" that has recently become fashionable.
OMG! Well, he will follow 45 out the door. Unbelievable statement. World is in big trouble with a cabinet that denies Climate Change
Honey, nothing overrides science considering the ignorance of Trump! Wrong person as example-would not argue about a decent POTUS!
Sen Franken you always make sense.  Please throw your hat in the ring in 2020!
YATES/FRANKEN #2020
"Inventors are Patent Trolls" - Obama. This is what we got after disclosure of USDOT Highway and Coast Down tests. Climate is about Control.
Not sure the message you are sending. Can you clarify. Climate is control. Are u talking about the test or the planet?
I am talking control of resources and people's behavior. My wheels have been under tight suppression. Media reports on USDOT / NASA tests?
Let's kick some ass! Don't let them Stan Myer you.great ideas are bought and crushed. . So sick of hearing it about it. Change the world
Thanks Patriot! Nothing can stop an idea whose time has come - Ron Paul
He don't know crap about business or being a president so I'm sure he don't know crap about climate policies


O.M.G. We are doomed.
Friggin idiot!  Even @Shell CEO is on board.
That's amazing trump says I have a climate policy therefore science doesn't matter bc I have a policy He's the "Nut Job" PERIOD
My take.
The laws of physics are not derived through the democratic process
Science doesn't care if Trump or his greedy, ignorant nominees believe in facts or not. Don't their kids breathe the same air as the 99% do?
Al Frankenstein is a NUT JOB!
What is this....the Inquisition?
Zing!!!!
Respect you very much sir...pls run for the big desk...MGYSGT ret
I appreciate your voice in Congress
Day After Tomorrow Government 
Thank you, sir.
This guy is a joke, policy over the existence of our human race? Despicable!
What a dufus
