.@SenFranken I can't wait until you're president in 2020. I'll knock doors for you.
totally! I'll be knocking on doors for Dems in #ca10 and #ca07 #centralvalleycred want to come w me?
Thank you, Al, for being one of the lone, sane voices for all of us who care about the destruction of America!
@AKCat53 Immigrants are immigrants,not Americans.They must apply for citizenship. Going to country does not make one a citizen.
Sen. you should have been a lawyer the way you cross examined Judge Gorsuch-better than many lawyers on committee
Simply ask Gorsuch what his views are on stealing and theft, because that's what's going on here, and in broad daylight
This administration has put our Democracy in grave danger. Should Senate allow one under criminal investigation select #SCOTUS ?
justice is supposed to be blind big guy. For some reason u seem to think it's supposed to play favorites
U.S. Senator Al Franken to Supreme Court Nominee Judge Neil Gorsuch: "That's absurd. I had a career in identifying absurdity. TY
@Mrsmaxdewinter Great job today Senator.
His inability to make distinction btwn a mans life,trailer & the law reminds of Jesus asking if the life of a man was worth more than an ass
you were nothing short of a pig addressing a true gentleman. one day before God you will answer for all of your evil. and you are EVIL.
Gorsuch's slavish holding to "I only follow the law", reminds me of the film Judgement at Nuremberg where this legalism is fully examined.
Gorsuch had UNANIMOUS Democratic backing in 2006! Safe to say Dems only back those who further the Dem agenda not Americans.
Bravo Senator! You have my vote!
Thank you!!!
At least he kept his pants on unlike the First Lady of porn!
i would say stop embarrassing yourself,  BUT watching your ignorance is very entertaining!
Law be damned?
21-2 record of decisions favoring big corporations over citizens!! I don't think this needs a verbal answer! Record says it all!
You rock it always!  I hope you run for POTUS in 2020!  Thank you for looking out for us!
do you ever listen to yourself speak? Who the hell elected such an imbecile?
*********** #SNLSkit #LiberalMadness #Snowflakes **********
"I am a judge, I am my own man" means "I will do conservative bidding as long as Trump is pulling my strings" in GOP talk.
Douchebag alert
I did & I hope I never make u angry wow
Hey thumb sucking Diaper wearing baby, The Law should be applied as it stands. if the law is wrong it is your job to change it
You should take a look in the mirror and all the Democrats! Who do you think you are kidding? NONE of you care about Working America People!
Corporate Welfare. The earth is off of its axis.
@JSWGolden GARLAND is rightfully suppose to at that hearing
@mckelvey_patti Best senator in the union!
you didnt write it.
I think your question of Gorsuch is unbecoming of a senator u can disagree without being arrogant and rude the hypocracy in wash. Is ooc
.@SenFranken Al nails #Gorsuch absurdity in his #FrozenTrucker ruling.
Thank you for your brains and HUMANITY!
Outstanding job by Minnesota senators today!
@LiaSummers5 Sen. Franken, I you. Thank you Sir!
I can NEVER TAKE Senator Franken seriously..his mouth opens all I hear is "that's me AL Franken and this is Saturday Night Live"
You will always be a clown 
Republicans rushing to fill a Supreme Court seat for a President whose campaign is under FBI investigation. Make them wait!
You mean like families that work for corporations, earn a good living, those working families? No mention of following the law??
I love you Al Franken!!!
@martavanegas excellent opening! Look forward to you and other Demos protecting the interests of all Americans in this process
Our country and our institutions decimated by liars and foreign aggressor..but let's have hearings for SCOTUS? Why?
What are Americans to do now that GOP doesn't seem to care about Russia interference in election but Dems allowing hearing?
What about how Hillary took money from Russia for her campaign???!?!?!?!?!?  REMEMBER THAT?!!!??? Guess LIBERALS can do anything & it is ok!
really? You sued Little Sisters of the Poor
as a life long democrat I am very impressed with nominee Gorsuch. Unfortunately I'm embarrassed for Sen. Leahy.
don't vote for gorsuch
We are counting on you. We appreciate your integrity.
Can you ask J. Gorsuch why he uses the highly partisan adjective "Democrat" instead of "Democratic"?
Spoken like a true politician who kneels in idolatry to corporate money that supports his campaigns.
watching Gorsch, he, like Pence, is a wolf in sheeps clothing. They are frightening.please lead us out of this morass
If you are so scared then find your safe place #SNOWFLAKE!!! Us DEPLORABLES like them and voted for them!  YOU LOST- GET OVER IT!  #NOMORALS
You Sir are Clueless

We demand you show up this morning and refuse to continue until the Trump investigation is complete.  Imperative!
You have been doing such a
FANTASTIC JOB!
Thank you so VERY much!!
Trump needs to stop with the vacations every week & stop with the rallies to boost his ego. Enough of  wasting money for his ego
He doesn't go on vacations! WAKE UP!  He works at his place in Florida every weekend and isn't wasting money! He has the SS guys as in DC!
Just that The Oval Office changed to the tee off! Oh, now I understand
Frankin one big SWAMP MAGGOTT!
@SenateDems
Supreme Court nominee hearings should be suspended until current investigations are completed.
@realDonaldTrump Wrong again Al ---what should always come first is the Rule of law and constitution.  Law is not personal.
Thank you for saying that.
Dear @SenateDems: You DO realize you must #BlockGorsuch any way possible since Trump not a legit president, right? Love, #TheResistance
you're not even a lawyer! Your aids may read a #Gorsuch opinion but you couldn't understand it your life depended on it
Senator Franken, I'm so happy that we have people like you representing us! You, are a true rep of the people!
should get off his high stump - Hillary said; "I would not appoint someone to the Supreme Court who didn't support ABORTION."
Thanks for watching out for us re: Gorsuch during the Comey hearings.  We'll all recognize how important this is in the future.
It should be a crime that a clown like you gets to question a true scholar like Gorsuch. I wish I could hear his thoughts.
@SenateDems And if Dems would get to work and negotiate for real solutions instead of whining then working families could matter
Good guy just a plain good guy
Thank you.  Please focus on cases, as Garland argument is being dismissed as obstruction.  The freeze or get fired truck driver
case is horrific!  NO on Gorsuch....he is no friend to working people.
nope, equality is about right and wrong. Quit acting like a dick to make your people happy. It's why y'all lost seats, 
Nice to see a Democrat stand up to fight against...
Equality under the law?

Oh, I didn't know your side opposed that.
Those evil corporations also employ many working people, like me.  My company does well, I do well-don't get it?
#Illegitimatepresident appointees a BIG FAT NO #Gorsuch stop #GorsuchHearing /approval process until #IndependentCommission.
Um no. For jurists our constitution is first.
Every individual whether a CEO or worker has as much right as the next. Defend that indiscriminately and you'll do fine.
It is supposed to be a hearing for his qualifications. Not an opportunity for you to practice 7th grade speech class.
@DraftFranken 
Gorsuch is a 1%&corporate lackey to Philip Anschutz, mega donor to #BLOTUS!
Thank you so much for representing ALL of us during these very difficult times.
New Supreme Court Justice not needed until the next president to be elected. The're painting Gorsuch as handsome -- no way!
Thank you, Senator!
jeez Al, such a pathetic windbag, why aren't you on topic?
Throw us a bit of hope by dropping formality. Who gives a sh*t if Gorsuch a gentleman? Make him squirm a bit, please! #HotSeat
Please run in 2020
just say no to this nom, this is a stolen seat
THAT IS A LIE!  NOTHING WAS STOLEN- AMERICA SPOKE SNOWFLAKE- SO GET OVER IT!  #NeilGorsuch will go through even without the LIBERALS!!!
I'm a woman not a snowflake, why all caps?  I hope u have a nice day
I love you, Al!
@SenateDems why would I watch U lie to we the people. Ur not interested in protect Americans, only protect your power $$ and job
Great - yet another chance for the simpleton to embarrass Minnesota.  He does not represent MN - just his own personal views.
there is not a member of the GO that isnt racist homophobe upholding citizens life  
 America is failing with help of a the GOP
@SenateDems No further Gorsuch hearings until RussoTrump investigation concludes. Tell that to the Repubs.
You must be running for president.....more pandering please.
@Joe_Calexit what happens when working people work for big #corporations?
Nothing. But individuals need fairness, and aren't getting it.
stop pretending that workers are a group & get justice for individuals one at a time
@JeremyPavlis Just came up with that idea did you?
I am with you Al
, thank you and Sen Sanders, and all the others who do what is needed to bring the truth to light!
are you a comedian pretending to be a senator or a senator pretending to be a comedian hard to tell
#Oathbreaker @JohnTDolan @plausen5 @LeahR77 @LibsNoFun @chris63414391 @jsipe2005 @dxrpi @JohnTDolan @ChristieC733 @Paulie_Sigh
@SenateDems the law should be equal for everyone! Even if it's a corporation
you can't hold a candle to #gorsuch intellectually... give up now!
An independent judiciary and equality before the law are just so 20th century. Right, Senator?
this needs to be put on hold until the investigation is over. This is an illegitimate presidency!
wrong!  All manufactured by Dem party. Repeat NO EVIDENCE. And there never will be. Democratic Party very corrupt!
So have families take over all companies? This is insane. Also, judiciary interprets the law, not feelings or morality.
No more hearings until the FBI is done with Trump.
Hey Al, what if that working family are robbers?? Should they be above business/corps??
I'll wait, Idiot!!!!!
Vote NAY to Gorsuch. He is far too radical to be placed on our Supreme Court.
@SenateDems Will someone  plz do premium est on min of 10-20 ppl age 20-70 w/$25500/yr inc. various health issues.Trumps HELP?
if was up to your part you would tax people to practice their religion! Like the asinine fees charged to practice 2nd amendment
I guess a comic 4gets that is the corporations that hire & pay working families but then he only knows comedy some1 in the mirror loves him
Have you ever actually read the constitution? There is only 1 and I assure you justice Scalia upheld it!
@K810Mt Maybe, now that @democrats are done yelling russia, are they ready for this guy's hokum?
Hey Al get some edjamacation. Those judges are there to enforce the Constitution. Mainly against the Idiots in Congress. GTFU
please Senator @SenFranken 2020
not in the eyes of the GOP how any struggling American can think they will help is being hopeful but wrong sorry
franken - your A REAL HORSES'S ASS - WHAT A DOPE
@SenateDems we still say NO to this appointment. only appointment shud b allowed is the Obama's appointee
your remarks should have been about the law, not feelings.
@SenateDems thank you Senator Franken
After all it's our tax money you're spending.
Justice is blind senator.  Doesn't matter who brings the case. The law is what matters not the identity of the litigants.
@SenateDems Love you.
love you Al
This SCOTUS nomination MOST DEFINITELY needs to be put on hold until the FBI #Trumprussia investigation is finished!
shouldn't those hearings be put on hold if Trump committed treason? Does he still get that SCOTUS choice?
what treason?
You're such a Tool! Haha! Goes to show politics attracts the stupid people too
The voice of an idiot

Words of bullshit
democrats don't care about families, you keep them on welfare by not supporting business!
Then WHY Don't You Try Telling that to Your Crooked Cronies on Capital Hill.!!!! Such a joke.!!
you sir are a shill. A failed comedian who stole an election then sealed tot future with a gerrymandered district. Boot lick.
Its like watching an SNL skit. Unbelievable
you're an embarrassment to Congress. Whether you really believe that drivel or not.
The sole purpose of SCOTUS is to determine what is legal and what is not.  Regardless of who it may impact.#NoPersonalFeelings
#PauseSCOTUS until Russia investigation done.
Strong words, sir. Thank you!
You should be arrested for giving drugs to that gorilla

Thank You President Franken. Oh I mean Senator Franken. Keep thinking you should be President. Your opening remarks is why.
you are taxing working families beyond the limit
This should be stopped until the FBI Investigation is finished.
.@SenFranken #Gorsuch is good enough, and smart enough. And doggone it, people like him.
why is he promoting himself.....
BIG money is promoting him. There are so many commercials supporting him on tv all the time. The whole thing STINKS
that Democrat odor is strong.
You ROCK!
stolen?
But I thought the law was supposed to judge equally between rich and poor. Who else should be discriminated against? @SenFranken
Patty Murray is harping on "workers" today, too. Must be the daily Gorsuch talking point.
The owners of HobbyLobby had religious rights but liberals would negate them in lieu of employees.
FBI is investigating if Trump colluded with Russia to win presidency. #Gorsuch hearing should be put on hold until investigation complete.
This is disgraceful.  if she won't step down she should be forced down
thank you! #GorsuchHearings needs to be stopped due to illegitimate presidency & stolen seat! #Trumprussia #StolenSeat
convince ALL DEMS to vote NO! 45 is a sinking sailboat - whatever way the wind blows DOWN is his director!
issue is you can't withhold for 4 years just isn't going to happen if you deny this guy trump will nominate some
thank you Al 
this is the best talking points you got. Lol
STOLEN SEAT.
