No money for the damned wall!  Send that money to help Texas.
If Trump had a political brain, he'd reverse course on wall, and increase coast guard funding. Huge IF
Yeah, that's if any kind of brain, soul or heart was evident
I am shocked...didn't blame trump for something.

seriously moronic to spend time on a stupid political sign instead of the real emergency at hand
Trump sucks.  Another pissy conservative who has thin skin.
lol ok    I don't actually like Trump at all but whatever.   The hysterical obsession with him from the left is pathetic.
Whatever dude.
Thx for focusing on what's important and not on politics or a stupid wall. Speaking for firefighters on the front lines I appreciate it!
I'm a NYer donating to Texas to help fellow Americans regardless of their politics and to try to get Cruz to be less of an asshole in future
Hey Al, people are on their roofs a la Katrina, why don't you call that horse doctor who Bush had running FEMA?
Thank you @SenFranken for being an example of real leadership is all about. Please run for POTUS
Amen to that..
Presidential!
while Trump is promoting the book of Sheriff Clark right now ...
And don't forget that Trump sent you luck! He said: "Goo luck for all"...
FRANKEN 2020
I would very happily vote for Franken for 2020..
Thank you, Senator Franken, for your kindness & dignity.
You are an amazing man Al!! Thank you for speaking for all of us. We need you!! 
Hey Al, to hear trumplethinskin tell it, he's set it all up himself! When is the senate gonna nuke that ass clown?
No one in TX gives a shit about you & your FAKE concerns! DNC source says it's yer turn @ Hennepin & 3rd Gloryhole post, Barry is waiting!
Lots of ordinary Texans rescuing their neighbors too.
Franken 2020!
Al Franken - one of the good guys. Wish we had a bunch more of him in the Senate!
Thank YOU for acting and speaking like a true leader unlike our POTUS!!
Will anything be done about ICE waiting at check points to catch illegal immigrants for deportation while trying to flee a hurricane?
The response to help animals important too! Please donate to the @HumaneSociety today! Help 4 large animals is needed! #HurricaneHarvery
Al Franken:

Giving a shit since 2017
You sound presidential
The prez is at the ready with his clicker and golf clubs. Don't worry - everything is under control
Is the National Guard there..they have boats to help these people?
I hope you run in 2020 - You may not want to select Booker - As Franken/Booker may remind people of 80's horror movie "Frankenhooker
@tiniebeany And, darn it, I really like you, Senator Al Franken.
Your The Man Al !!! Keep it up. Franken/Maher 2020. USAF Retired Fire Rescue
Thank you for not just wishing them luck.
You would think @realDonaldTrump would say something... no wait... he wouldn't because he is a LOSER!
#FirstResponders always the backbone. Want a honest opinion ask a Er RN or Emt or Er Md.
Go back to SNL. No takes you seriously
And they're totally helping Texans too!
Trump has got your back!
Oh wait.
No he doesn't.
Why isn't our President responding in the way you are?..
Your're obviously not on the POTUS twitter feed
Sen. Franken... What about Trump & Brock Long failure to use FEMA & putting it all on TX gov & state guard to save FEMA $ for Trump's wall?
Now this Thank you tweet has meaning. A stand up Senator and a good guy, who really cares about this country.
Thanks @SenFranken this is something a good POTUS would be saying, but you know we don't have one right now!
You're obviously not on POTUS twitter feed. Negativety
Yes, they are great. Please do Texas a favor, stay away. We don't want you here
It's nothing like the storm that Trump has created for Democracy.
Ditto that Senator Franken. Also I would like to thank @CNN @NBCNews @CBSNews @ABC reporters for bringing us the stories from Texas.
A human response! Not some just old "good luck" with that from our illegitimate president
You're obviously not on POTUS twitter feed, or you're purposely being untruthful
This Texan is supremely grateful.
Thank you!
From the UK, I know there is nothing I can do but I wish you luck with the awful conditions you have there. Keep safe.
Saw this on CNN and MSNBC looks like fake news

And the Red Cross.
Stop pretending you support life
Thanks @SenFranken. Journalists are doing a great job too. My local news got it right with this headline. 
but not trump? come on
Thank you Al Franken for being a compassionate Senator and a great, caring American. I love you, bro ! 
yes,  speaking from just north of Houston, I actually see a little blue sky. Thanks for all the prayers for Texas. Luv u Sen. Al
Thanks for thinking of us. Much Appreciated.
God Bless all emergency responders
Thank you for being one of the good guys.
Thank you, Senator,  for being a leader . Let's hope everyone is okay at the end of this mess.
You mean the US Government actually had a decent, effective response to a hurricane? That hasn't happened in almost 20 years it seems
We need more first responders why not sponsor a corresponding bill to HR2206 bring back FDR's CCC for saving lives and the planet
Trump had a good night! He does not have properties in the devastated area!!!
Fuck the police, though. 

You're sounding very Presidential, Senator Franken! :) 2020
Democrat hypocrisy!   Enjoy https://www.facebook.com/newlypress/videos/1876535962610776/ …
How about you for potus?
Now THAT is Presidential!
Thank you for your service!
That's not what the ruling class and subversion  here really allows even within their "limits" Al and you DAMNED WELL KNOW IT.
ABSOLUTELY!!!  As an Okie, I vacay in the Port Aransas area.  So concerned about the people, rescuers, and properties! So sad for them!
Retweet this Al!! https://twitter.com/JohnCommons99/status/901491276113162240 …
Are there any emergency responders who can save us from this pretender in chief?
Yes, thanks to all of them. Exec branch also thanking all, but should add, * "except trans first responders, etc."
I'm very worried abt the undocumented individuals who are afraid to go to shelters. Naturally they fear ICE at the shelters.
The governor stated there will be no type of documentation like that at aid shelters. He is doing the right thing.
Agreed, Sen Franken!
Nobody likes you.
You're a brain stem.
Why when u tweet concern about the hurricane, I believe u; but when does the same, I find him disingenuous??@GOP @realDonaldTrump
Because you know he is lying. @GOP
You're such a #mensch
Thx Sen. Franken for this. You are the best and I live in SC.
And to all the neighbors helping neighbors. Or even strangers..be safe.
Thank you @SenFranken for your thoughtful comments. So nice that you took a moment to recognize our brave citizens in action.  We're strong
Ffs stay the hell away from this.
Don't forget our great leader at camp David for the many tweets he made about how much he is doing to help people
You forgot, "good luck"  lol
Yes and our prayers are with all!!
Thank you for recognizing them. You demonstrate what leaders should be doing right now.
Again, Your're obviously not on the POTUS twitter feed
*Good Luck*
Thanks for thinking of us 
Franken/Sanders 2020 please
Seems like something the president should say.
Maybe you could kick #Trump out of his #lazyboy 2 help the situation w/ #HurricaneHarvey ? Second thought that would only complicate things
Thank you! Where's POTUS?
Good luck.
But you know Trump had Border Patrol stopping and checking IDs of the people evacuating, right?  I hate him.
As he should. After all, they are law breakers
Sure WHYYYYYYY not
#AlFrankenforPresident
Spoken like a president.
People retweet this kind of stuff. Why?
They want nation to know his intentions are in the right place. It also holds him accountable to back them up if need be.
It's just words.
Just like your tweet. But words have impact; they matter to people. RTing is a way to spread the words. At least theyre not hateful words.
They are not hateful, agreed. However Franken has a very different idea of the federal government's role than do I.
Sure. However, I bet both of you would be in TX helping ppl if you were needed. 
Al Franken for President
Yes!
Ditto
Thank YOU, Senator, for your decency and compassion.
