Thanks for exposing the case about the truck driver.
Yes, Patricia, I found that story angering and heart breaking & TELLING about who Gorsuch really is.
the thing that bugs me, as an attorney, is that none of you understand that case at all
Why would that "bug" you? You just said you're an attorney...obviously most people aren't.
because the case has certain basic facts that partisans are distorting
simply put, none of the judges who ruled on the case were addressing whether he "should've" been fired
The law is enforced by how judges interpret it. There are loopholes, there is selective enforcement...
and good judges apply the law as best as they can read it without regard to what they think of the result
First you failed as a comedian , Failed as a Senator , Now you want to fail Americans ? Shame on you !
*Sheesh*
You do realize the "macho" snowflake president you helped elect can't even let a 30 year old joke about his hands go.
Read my book , I have seen this cr@p since Watergate , do your history , I lived it,
Rrrrright...what does that have to do with anything you, I or Al Franken said?
He is just another "Gas Lighter" Operation Mockingbird is a 50 year old term , Google it
I know what OM is. WTF does any of that stupid shit have to do with Franken's questioning of Gorsuch?
If you can not see the trees through the forest ,
Move out of your mother basement ,
a Job ,
Get laid ,
Pay taxes ,
@AndyRichter Thank you Sen. Franken. Please don't allow repubs to bury our democracy in lies and collusion.
I tend to not get my political info from a twitter troll, but perhaps that's "just me"
.@HtownAries @RobertfromTN @CallieKhouri @SenFranken @AndyRichter Says the egg with 9 followers?
LOL...didn't know this was a popularity contest.
Heh, you deleted your tweet about "random Twitter troll".
After I posted my last comment, I got a message from twitter about how my...
But isn’t he? Full support of Democrats when he was first confirmed?
Yeah..."something about" how their qualified pick didn't even get a hearing. "Maybe" that's why the sudden 180...
that pettiness is the problem with politics. Also, quotation marks are hard.
Sorry about the quotes...I was a "big" Bennett Brauer fan. 
Did you win your election by consensus?
53% is quite a bit better than 26% of the electorate
Don't move the goal post that Franken has set. Consensus.
RUMP does not have a consensus or mandate
You know nothing of resistance. Go read Solzhenitsyn, child.
#PeoplesPark #Berkeley #Old-School #YouDontKnowShit child
Keep resisting. It's gonna be a long 8 years for you. And we dont mind. Your whining just makes it easier for us to keep libs out of office.
you all conveniently forgot all the whining you did for 8 years.
I love how republicans are crying about the obstruction...biggest hypocrites on Earth. Bunch of snowflakes if you ask me...
you wouldn't believe it if he was PROVEN innocent.  Rolling my eyes.
Will you believe it when he's proven guilty?
ᕼE ᗯOᑎ'T ᗷE.
You're not open to the possibility he's guilty?
ᗩᖴTEᖇ Oᗷᗩᗰᗩ I ᗩᗰ OᑭEᑎ TO ᗩᑎYTᕼIᑎG. ᗷᑌT I'ᗰ ᕼᗩᑎGIᑎG ᗯITᕼ ᕼIᗰ TIᒪᒪ ITᔕ ᑭᖇOᐯEᑎ
I believe that is only a matter of time.
YOᑌ ᗩᖇE EᑎTITᒪEᗪ TO YOᑌᖇ ᗷEᒪIEᖴᔕ ᔕIᖇ, EᐯEᑎ ᗯᕼEᑎ TᕼEY ᗩᖇE ᗯᖇOᑎG.
If Garland was a consensus nominee he'd be on SCOTUS. @SenFranken
Kurt they wanted a raging liberal, now they are going nuts b/c they never figured their golden girl HRC losing
There is NO legitimacy to the nomination. Pres being investigated criminally and Garland should have the seat!
DNC wheels falling off, only deranged madmen uttering insanities @cleepohl @SenFranken @GloriaGumby
all of you need to go, just get the hell out of Washington, bunch of damn crooks
Don't let the GOP push Gorsuch through - hang on tight!
why confirm someone appointed by a treasonous group?
If Hillary had been elected, you would have been in full support of a very liberal SCOTUS appointment. GOP won. Get over it.
@KingEric55 Let's not forget how senate was going to obstruct Hillary's scotus pick.
- let's not forget McConnell wouldn't even interview G Merrick. that is unprofessional and rude
More than rude to Obama, it was racist.
@LeslieMarshall 

Consensus like you could get elected in all 50 states?
do you even know what you're talking about???
you need 2 get a brain you brainless Socialist Dems need to confirm Judge Gorsuch ir risk reelection. 36 gov, 1097 seat since 08
Gorsuch believes company rights supersedes employees rights & religion supersedes constitution he should never b a SCOTUS Judge
No, he rightly believes that a judge rules based on the laws passed by legislators. Not his fault if the laws are bad.
if we're still a country by the time Trump finally goes to prison, you should run for president
oh man, that's a knee slapper.
@CoryBooker   Booker, not Cooper, typo
We know Merrick Garland and you, Judge Gorsuch, are no Merrick Garland
Keep fighting 4 TrumpCo & The Mercer picks r corrupt Flynn, Sessions, Bannon, Tillerman, Price, Ross, Pruitt, Devos, Manifort
Stop lying! Garland is a liberal Hack!
that's... stupid even for you.
the questions you asked of Judge Gorsuch were nothing less than despicable.
I vote to expel U from the Senate. Since U lie to the people U represent we cannot trust U with our interests! U lied about Gorsuch. Go away
Your post makes no sense. Try again.
"consensus nominee" <--- What part of the constitution is that in again?
Senator Am Franken we need a couple more dozen like you on the HILL thank you for your honesty & your hard work
like this?
Absolutely. At least he's not bending over to Russians and giving away our country and way of life.
be more specific.
Be more specific abt what
non-elitist made a ridiculous statement.
That wld be ur opinion. Statement ws no more ridiculous than using 30 yr old pic to make a point.
Wonder if trumpy dumpy used Pampers or Luvs lol he's plain evil
@CoryBooker we will have him, the ppl speak, Cooper is so racist he should turn in his color
You are both an embarrassment to America. Al your old stand up sucked too. Cory you made Newark worse.

This is Garland's seat! Gorsuch would mean JUDGEMENT AT NUREMBERG--ALL OVER AGAIN!
He will be. There's nothing you can do about it, comedian. ;)
You got schooled by Judge Gorsuch. I know absurdity when I see it, and you sir are absurd.
Thank you for you compassion after my testimony before the Senate Judiciary Committee. I'm a BIG fan of your intelligence & wit.
@Maelli14 Exactly. @SenatorCantwell @PattyMurray Filibuster time.
Stop fighting against everything start working together. Do good for us, not your ideology.
blah blah blah blah blah.
That's intelligent communication!
No, he absolutely should not.  Do what you need to do, Al.  American women are counting on you!
Says an American woman desperate to have a man take care of things for her.
@CoryBooker  Filibuster Gorsuch. No Supreme Court Justice until #Trumprussia investigation is completed.
I love @SenFranken. He's got guts & ask the questions other Senators don't have the B@#l$ to ask cause they're busy kissing a$$.
I suppose you are a Hillary person too??  
Why, because I use common sense & also recognize ABSURDITY as well? Can't judge ppl because they research & listen.
OK, ᗯᕼᗩTEᐯEᖇ YOᑌ TᕼIᑎK. ᑎOT ᗰY ᗰOᑎKEYᔕ, ᑎOT ᗰY ᘔOO.
You have a Blessed day BS Grammy!
Agreed! 2many bad decisions!
You misspelled "lawful decisions I don't morally agree with"
hhhmmm
Should we take it from this that you won’t be filibustering?
.@charlescwcooke @SenFranken we should also take that Senator Franken would like a "consensus" candidate to replace Ginsburg when time comes
let's toss out all the courts and legislative branch entirely and give to Bannon!  Smh
Agree. Asking daily my Senators, @SenBobCasey @SenToomey to vote NO on his appointment. He threatens progress on womens' issues
This should be good 
all you right wing nut job Snowflakes don't get it, democrats are not gonna support him.
no one is more qualified than Gorsuch. It really doesn't matter what you think Senator! Thank you Harry Reid! #nuclearoption
Garland is more qualified, but thanks for playing. Yes, we thank Harry, too, bc Repub strategy will backfire.
Once you 'go nuclear' on a SCOTUS nominee, it's available from now.on. Harry didn't go that far, but go for it!
And we should listen to you because...? @SenFranken
I'm not sure, but I think he already peed in that diaper!!!
Who voted for @SenFranken ? It is clear that they were either stoned or not paying attention. Or both. #FAIL @MrsFreedomFirst
Most Dems seem to have spent their as stoners anyway, it rots their brains. The rest voted stoned!!!
A consensus hell no!!!!
Senator, perhaps Ds can withhold all support of R actions until an independent Russia investigation is complete?
@SpiralReverie NO NOMINEES MADE BY AN ADMINISTRATION UNDER AN FBI INVESTIGATION.
Learn better english, comrade.
And very likely, the president who nominated him is illegitimate
thank you!
...consensus is Sen Al Frankenstein is an imbecile
Why is Sessions permitted as AG when he's perjured himself, twice??  This sets a new, unsettling example for youth and lawyers!
That's deeply, deeply dishonest.
@Carolyny1948 Did the 20 million dollars in"dark money" to buy Gorsuch a SCOTUS seat come from Russia? Is he connected to Russia
I wonder
You need to look up the meaning of consensus, it seems that you don't understand it.
feeling a little ass burn from being schooled?
Garland wasn't so you take your partisan BS and stuff it. Go back to trying to be funny. Not my Senator.
If by 'not consensus' you mean
'not Left-Wing Radical',
'not @TheDemocrats' stool pigeon',
you're right @SenFranken
#Gorsuch #ConfirmGorsuch
One nice thing about #Gorsuch on #SCOTUS?
...there'll be no need for another high-chair.
@TheDemocrats @SenFranken
i don't think the word consensus means what u think it means.
Ok, Stuart. Look in the mirror and realize you may not actually be good enough or smart enough & some actually don't like you
How would you feel if a judge ruled against you because a group of people thought you were guilty, but didn't apply the law?
@kander89 Only a unanimous choice/vote 10 yrs ago. Playing politics. He will be confirmed, get over it. #Clown
No confirmation hearings shld be held while Trump is under investigation. Gorsuch is partisan pick & shld not ever be confirmed
#PostponeGorsuch #Russia #TrumpRussia #Traitor #Treason #NunesMustResign #resist
We need the Court we can't allow Gorsuch a seat to undermine or prevent TrumpRussia investigations & we must stop Sessions.
couldn't agree more. USA doesn't need right-of-Scalia SCOTUS addition.
Are you stoned again?
The concensus on Garland was wait until Trump won, then fill Scalia's seat.
Nobody gives a crap what you think about anything, Al.
I am uncomfortable regarding the Senate voting on lifetime SCOTUS nominees while uncertainty remains regarding #trumprussia
agreed. None of trumps nominees need to be in place. #illegitimate #impeachallthetrumps #impeachthegop
It's more basic than that - that seat is not Trump's to fill. It was stolen by #BitchMcConnell. This should not be debated.
Is it because you are mad that he murders every question you have thrown at him?

lol "consensus"
Garland obviously wasn't a consensus nominee. It's sad that so many people mindlessly buy into false narratives like this.
why aren't you politicians ever honest? Just say you don't want to confirm because he differs politically from you.
@daveweigel Dems better NOT let this guy in or there will be HELL to pay!
ok racist
no because u r
Franken is an idiot!!
@CoryBooker ~ Who cares what the former comedian, Al Franken, thinks. COME TO THINK OF IT - HE'S STILL A COMEDIAN. IGNORANT TOO!
You sir are a sweat stain...
Consensus nominee aside, shouldn't we be more concerned about this appointment from a president that may be under investigation?
@CoryBooker yes he should
not only has he NEVER BEEN OVERTURNED. in his rulings he only has a 1.75% rate of another judge EVEN DISSENTING dude's #Rightous
Oh well, it sucks 2BU & your party. Judge Gorsuch should be-and will be-confirmed. Time to get over the election & Garland
Your destroying America with your fake ideology.
consensus nominee like Garland?  How do you make this up?  Just assume Garland is consensus because you say so????  Unbelievable
Consensus? You mean unanimous? Not required. You mean "really big majority"? Where that come from Mr. Constitutionalist?
The highest possible rating from ABA not good enough for you? Even RBG was confirmed 96-3. Mad cuz Gorsuch embarassed you?
Irrelevant. We don't care if you disapprove. The court needs judges who are faithful to the Constitution & laws.
you just keep proving why you shouldn't be trusted with anything more serious than a sitcom
I'm really looking forward to Trump's second SCOTUS nominee.  Maybe @SenTedCruz or Judge William H. Pryor Jr. Maybe he'll get 3!
Surprise, Senator...Merrick Garland was NOT a "consensus nominee."
In what way in your head was Garland a "consensus nominee"? Between this & ur idiocy during d hearings, do u have any shame?
fight for us! Keep it up! Keep asking the hard questions!!
The whole GOP was opposed to Garland, so he was not a consensus nominee.
it's a national embarrassment that you are an elected US Senator
didn't SCOTUS just unanimously overrule him?
Yes they did.
That makes him untenable, clearly he's clueless as to law...
Senator, I retweet your retweet!
Filibuster!!
Someone needs to wake you up and remind you this is real life an not an SNL skit. Let the grownups handle it.
In the true spirit of how we can help Al Franken 
"Fascism Forever" Hobby Lobby Gorsuch has no business @Scotus .
I agree.  Filibuster him.
Not concensus only because you dems are butt hurt over Garland. If not for that, he'd be wildly concensus.
No he should not both because he is wrong for job and Trump campaign FBI investigation. This administration is not legit!
Actually the most pathetic ever is Trump.Worst approval rating ever. LOL couldn't even get GOP to vote on his shitty Trumpcare!
At least he didnt pay ransom money to iran. And the dishonest way he did it. Then lied about it along with all his other lies. LIAR.
Dude, if Garland was a 'consensus' nominee he'd be on the Court right now, wouldn't he? @SenFranken #SoDumb
@CoryBooker I guess you guys don't know what the definition of consensus is.
#BadWriterComedianSenatorSubHumanDebris
you know the trucker story right?  As an experienced OTR, from his dissent, Garland doesn't think we're people
he was a consensus guy when he was appointed. You dems are dirt when it comes to scotus. Bork. Tried to screw Thomas. Pathetic.
You're not a consensus Senator. Resign.
,
@SenSchumer should call Trump's bluff on bipartisanship; ask for immediate w/drawal of Gorsuch as SCOTUS nominee, substitution of Garland.
#ConfirmGorsuch #NuclearOption
Yeah, Garland was such a consensus nominee he sailed through hearings & confirmation in just days... #WhatAMoron @SenFranken
Until the Trump/Russia investigation is over, there should be no lifetime  Supreme Court nominations.
Over half of the Senate and apparently about half of the country opposed Garland. Can you please define the word 'consensus'???
Merrick Garland was a liberal idealogue who has no place on the bench.  His agenda was the same as yours, destruction of Amerca
whatever Franken-Stien, you are a ideolog, he was appointed to the 10 circuit with 100% vote. That's a clear co censensus.
thanks for fighting for what #minneapolis & #MN want. @amyklobuchar Join your colleague and stop an illegitimate presidents pick
@jcbrown02 if so why was he unanimously approved by both sides into his current seat?
But he will. And the Cheeto will continue to do whatever the hell he wants with our country  Blah blah blah is all we do...
@Morgawr69  for a thousand reasons
Thank you for your integrity and hard work!
He's a consensus nominee among Republicans.
Unfair. Nasty. Unprecedented. Unconstitutional. Just wrong. But the reps beat the dems on this pick.
Consensus is the Most Dangerous thing Ever in Human Society.
@CoryBooker idiots. Take both you jokers to the left coast and leave you.
#AMEN!!!
To quote Obama: "You lost, we won, get over it." @SenFranken
Amen. You, sir,, are a Patriot.Franken for President, 2020. (Or whenever)
@CoryBooker Senator, I so appreciate your no nonsense attitude.
cry me a river, Franken.
AGREE! And while we're at it: no nominations from an administration under investigation!
@amyklobuchar Filibuster!!
@McConnellPress @SenSchumer Quit putting party before country. Find SOMETHING you can agree on. Lead the people.
would be nice, but Dems try(Garland) and get kicked in the teeth (Gorsuch) over & over again.
@CoryBooker tough shit bc he will be and there is nothing you can do to stop it...but delay delay delay the inevitable!!
Good God I just love you Al, why don't you run for president we need someone like you. Bet you'd win
Agreed! Hang tough, DEMS. We have your backs!
.Must block GORSUCH! A lifetime appointment by #traitortrump? - absolutely not!
Why can't the Dems insist on giving Garland his due hearing, with an agreement that Gorsich will be assessed for next opening.
Consensus says your a looney. Does consensus voting work for you?

If Garland was consensus, wouldn't he already be on SCOTUS? You're not too bright.
C'mon Al, you know what "consensus" means, and it isn't "the Democrats wanted him but the GOP passed."
agree. Please hold together the Ds
@CoryBooker Senator if Gorsuch isn't qualified, who is? Better save your fight for Ginsburg's replacement. Confirm Gorsuch!
With all due respect, sir, please do not run for re-election. ~Sincerely, Minnesota
speak for yourself.
.@SenFranken You're barking is annoying especially when we all know you have no bite.
who's consensus?
You're doing the right thing, Senator.
He will be. You don't even RESPECT Minnesota election law or the Constitution @SenFranken @StarTribune @amyklobuchar
@owillis
I would think something is wrong with Gorsuch if you voted for him.
You're an ex-SNL player (and not one of the good ones) pretending to be smart. So, he's good.
just don't waste capital.
Lol..
PLEASE FILIBUSTER GORSUCH
Indeed. Give the GOP a reason to crack open that nuclear option.
no he wasn't. He didn't like the #2A. Not consensus. Also not stolen. Senate does what it wants. Doesn't bow to executive.
@CoryBooker 
Keep up the good fight.
:thought I'd give him a look(try to be open minded).
Lost early with rehearsed non answers, testy responses esp towards women.
Why isn't he Justice Garland then?  You keep using that word. I don't think it means what you think it means.
Merrick Garland deserves a vote before any others!!
@DaShanneStokes  ABSOLUTELY AGREE with u.
