Since taking office, the Trump admin has chosen to promote interests of friends in fossil fuel industry ahead of our safety and security.
I'm troubled by @EPAScottPruitt's decision to repeal Clean Air Plan, which will cut efforts to curb greenhouse gas emissions.
We need to tackle #climatechange bc the stakes are too high—& consequences are too devastating—to leave this problem to future generations.
Ignoring scientific consensus will put children & grandchildren at risk, weaken our economy, & undermine America’s credibility & leadership.
No consensus Al, you can’t even prove it’s getting warmer anymore, hence the name change to #climatechange. No increase in temp in 15 years.
That's been disproven. Please do a quick Google search before you make claims. I'm a climate scientist btw.
There is as much proof for #globalwarming as there is for Jonah and the whale. All your evidence is vague computer models. #fakescience.
You're right, I must have spent the past five years learning nonsense. That's logical. PM me if you ever wanna get enlightened.
I like how you guys got caught manipulating the numbers to support your case (remember that beauty). #globalwarming  is a Ponzi scheme.
? Climate scientists were cleared of any wrongdoing by multiple agencies .
Cleared by who?
https://skepticalscience.com/Climategate-CRU-emails-hacked.htm …
Wrong, but man is certainly trying to fix it, because the scientific community is sponsored by megalomaniacs like that.
Science also tells us that there’s only two genders. dems just love science when it fits their narrative, and denying it when it doesn’t.
...and 97% of those scientists are funded by the government
Then why do so many scientists speak out against it? Repeating this lie will not make it true.
Scientific consensus also concludes you don't have a clue.
The only manmade climate change is the chemicles put in chemtrauls and that has slowed down a lot except in CA.  Quit spreading lies Senator
Let me guess.  You dropped out of elementary school?
Right!  But what if it is just a major player? In either situation it is still real
@SenFranken this horse shit is happening
Most used warming argument: "consensus"
Most used opposing argument: "its been warmer"
U B the judge. #itsgettinghotinhere #justthefacts
Oh! I thought you were talking about good ol' Mista TRUMP! Because yeah, he too.
If we had lessened our dependence on oil decades earlier, we would have reduced the power of oil countries and minimized terrorist risks
Science is REAL...
Yet *some* people consider it a hoax. They just want 2 make money & won't change their ways if it means they make less money.
As is Trump, talk to the boys and girls in the senate about running him out on a rail
Capitalism is the scientific proof that humanity will ignore climate change.
Write it on parchment...sign it "Eternally, your Lord and Savior" or something like that.
You know that Trump and his cult don't believe in "sciency" things. You'll have to make it appear as if god, himself said it.
Mr. Franken, with all due respect, republicans aren't bothered by facts, science or our futures. They've made that perfectly clear.
Agreed, but we must continue to #Resist and mauntain that our Govt is not normal. None of this bull is coming from GOP!
Sorry, "...none of this bull that is coming from GOP..."
Not just humanity.  All life on our shared planet.
Garbage in garage out
Yes it is! We need to switch to solar energy ASAP! Please make it happen!!
Duh
Yes! It is!! #PlanetEarth
Human-made
U know I'm past caring what caused it,let's fix it,stop drumph from dismantling Pres Obama's Environmental initiatives
Which anyone with half a brain realizes; of course, that excludes the vast majority of Republicans.
Republicans don't know what either of those first two words mean
There is no need for science today....climate change is a fact
Don't let the government destroy our climate policies. Trump will be gone but we will be living in a hell of our own making.
Donald Trump is also a man made threat to humanity Senator.
Scientific consensus says that California is burning to the ground
Of course! This is old news. People need to care for the earth a few need government and big business to lead the way
Science is not consensus. You are presenting a logical fallacy.
So is @realDonaldTrump
So that’s why it doesn’t affect #Rethuglicons?
Evidently not in DT's admin or @GOP. What can we do about them rolling back the epa regulations on coal?

Scientific consensus finds that @realDonaldTrump is a man-made threat to humanity.
Scientific consensus also finds that @realDonaldTrump is a man-made threat to humanity. #ClimateChangeIsReal #ImpeachTrump
Close, Trump is a worse man-made threat to humanity. Do the math https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/1600/1*u2yXrfvgkPJX8W_LBe4tdw.gif … read https://blog.shanesnow.com/donald-trump-and-the-definition-of-insanity-82ab6db008c4 … @GeorgeTakei @MMFlint
Al Frankin for president!
BS
So is Trump.
Shoosh with your all your facts and figures! #LoveAlFrankin
Convince the Republicans
Fukushima!!!
But that doesn't fit the #Republican agenda, so therefore it's not 'real'.... 
I can't believe this is still a debatable point to some people.

Trump:  Hold my beer.
Give science a rest
#Scientific 'consensus finds , what the #cell does this mean? - AL #Gobacktocomedy. http://singer-e-inc.com #RT #follow
Darn those men. Make them STOP!
There’s too many people who would rather rake in millions rather than do what’s right. The earth can’t rid itself of us fast enough.
There's your problem, you 4get that @GOP don't like #Science #ManMadeClimateChange & consensus is a big word they don't understand!
Hi Senator - maybe our elected officials can work on solving this through legislation? Seeing as we can't seem to rally without help. Thx!
Good for you Senator.
As is man made Trump #25thAmendmentNow
Tell that to our IDIOT fake President and head of our EPA!
You may want 2 chk that "Scientific Consensus" thingy... with ice caps grwng undersea volcanoerupts,  Science.. as intended... IS Evolving..
climate change is fake news
And much else on the planet
Wait! I thought it was a hoax perpetrated by the Chinese.  You mean we've been the cause all along? Quick- tell Trump. He'll get right on it
Those who think otherwise are stupid and moronic *ahem* @POTUS @EPAScottPruitt  @MikePenceVP
in 06 Al Gore said unless we took drastic measures in the next 10yrs we would be toast, so live it up it's over, maybe why Al drives big SUV
Anyone who doesn't understand what's going on, watch this ABC documentary:
Republicans don't believe in science.

So is the #POTUS!  Probably more then #climatechange.
Yes from your hot air, so stop talking.  Contrary to your fabricated consensus the ice is getting thicker.   Just ask Al Gore he knows more.
Foooey, Mother Nature is just in a slump, this will turn around
Where do you get your info.  Government scientists.  Tell me what happened to the ice age.  No people, no cars, what happened.

Stop Pruitt.
Scientific consensus also finds that globalists in diapers are easy to manipulate
Science is fake news. (See how easy that is once you abandon reason and rhetoric)
Science? We're talking about science? We don't need no stinkin' science Senator, our president tells us it's fake. Rational thought, c'mon.
So is tRUMP!!!
We need to start a #savetheEPA tweet storm. Pruitt & gang are undoing years of research & protections for the most vulnerable.
Your politics is a man made threat to humanity.  Oh, by the way, give the money back from the sexual predator #HarveyWeinstein
And the rest of the world, with no religious bias, concur.
The problem is that many on the right dismiss facts and reality as “fake” and cannot be dissuaded. They done gone and dranked the Kool-Aid.
A threat to humanity on the scale of pandemics? Hardly.
Solution is 100% clean energy by 2035
Global consensus finds that the US House and Senate are a man-made threat to humanity.
WRONG!!!!!!!!!
Terra-farming Antartica will be a huge boon to farm yields. #winning
As opposed to the methane spewing out of Trump and Pence?
Yes indeed - and clearly it’s going to be what destroys us
@EPA @realDonaldTrump @VP @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @GenJohnKelly
There is not "scientific consensus" and you know it. STUART.
Also noteworthy in the world of science...
Why don't people believe this?? It's insanity, in the face of all the scientific evidence!! It makes me so crazy.
Thanks Sen Franken.  Climate change is a threat @JeffFlake @RepAndyBiggsAZ @RepGosar @RepTrentFranks @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @dougducey
As is Scott Pruitt. @EPA @POTUS
So why won't your GOP colleagues do something about it?
So sad that in this day and age, we'd have to say that aloud!
False!
Trump is a man-made threat to humanity.  
and real science is a threat to the trump admin. Idiocracy began with trump. Next we will be watering crops with mountain dew.
FYI @realDonaldTrump
Republicans don’t believe in science or any form of real education apparently 
what's the punchline, Al?
Green House Gases 
Happing For A Long Time
But  NOW  When Trump
Speaking It Goes 
Way Up
GOP says addressing climate chage hurts our economy.  Did they dicount the damage of 3 intensified hurricanes? Risk of climate catastrophe?
Also, human consensus agrees that 45 is a threat to humanity.

Scientific consensus finds that Trump is a man-made threat to humanity.
It’s crazy that they want to play politics w science. They all know it’s real and they’re enflaming their conspiracy theory constituents.
People that believe in science already know this... How do my reps feel about this? @BenSasse @RepDonBacon @SenatorFischer
Not unanimous. There are plenty of scientists who don’t think it is.
So is Trump!
Are there enough paper towels for all of us?
When did this happen!? ;)
@EPAScottPruitt continues attack on because he a) wants coal/oil & job after WH, or b) cares less about world his kids will grow up in?
@fredric_wertham To simplify, it's what we call a fact.
Can you prove it w/ evidence? Can it be demonstrated to correspond to experience? Verified by repeatable careful observation or measurement?
As you know we don't prove anything in science. Repeated and reproducible observations lead to the construction of a scientific fact.
Surely you jet. Have you checked w @POTUS ? They think it's fake news.
You can add @realDonaldTrump and the republican leaders to that list
yeah, he's draining the swamp
Scientific concensus is an oxymoron.
Did you copy EPA Administrator Pruitt?  He needs to be taught this fact.
Wrong Senator Franken!  The GOP in general and Trump in particular are the biggest threats to humanity - climate change a distant third.
The GOP and Trump are threats to humanity because of their climate stance. Pruitt one of history's greatest villains
Only an idiot would disagree with a consensus of scientists. In other words, the @gop & @realDonaldTrump .
Science...we don't need no stinking science...says @GOP @EPAScottPruitt @realDonaldTrump
Sir, thank you for your service to our country!
Can you help oust leadership at the EPA????
On this Columbus Day, the experts of his time had a consensus that the world was flat. How’d that “consensus” work out for them.
Leave science to the scientists not a failed comedian. Science does not rely on “consensus”. Every real scientist knows this.
No way!  Fox News told me Rachel Maddow causes climate change.
In Chicago, it’s the end of August.
Can you tell that to Pruitt in a way that he’ll understand?
New drinking game...every time a GOP "leader" denies climate change make them take a sip of non boiled Puerto Rican water.
Does your neck constantly hurt from all the "SMH" you do at your GOP colleagues?
First, the WH is a man-made threat
Out of touch liberals are an even bigger threat.
Consensus requires an identifiable group. Not an unknown group, but those that can be named. Stop with assessments as assertions.
I can't believe this is a "debate."  Thanks for speaking up!
Please consider a run at the presidency.
Yikes, @realDonaldTrump is gonna be so mad it's not some Chinese hoax! Or maybe he'll just deny science.
Now to get the trumplicans to believe it.
Unsurprising.
Indeed. The last civilization only lasted 3000 years.  It is 2017.  Get it? And thank your mom for raising a wonderful human being.
Thank you Senators Franken
Mr. Franken, those of us who will agree with you already do. The rest are Trumpanzees who never will. 
@missmayim water is wet and the sky is blue
A flat earth was once a scientific consensus.  Thank goodness they kept researching.
This is not true. Only leftist scientists agree. And only for political reasons.
But Pruitt and Trump disagree. Whom to believe?
That’s my senator! 
Al My Heath insurance just went up 30 % can we work on that right now !
To quote @BarackObama , if you visit 100 doctors and 99 of them tell you you've got diabetes, you're gonna start watching yr sugar intake
But Al (may I call you Al) people are kneeling during the National Anthem please prioritize appropriately @VP protest First Amendment #geez

Seriously Al? I love ya to death but we need to get this asshole out of office or this is all for nought....
Quite often #Science teaches us something new. Only to discover we know nothing at all.
Then we need to fix ourselves and not rely on politics, no?
as is the GOP
Then kill everyone off and save the planet....problem solved....who is going first?
Right! And even if one doesn't agree re:CC, they can surely agree that taking care of our planet is a good idea. Pollution being bad etc.
Nothing to push back the effects of climate change will happen as long as the #MoronInChief is in office. It will get worse. #VoteDems2018

Yup, if it's a regulation, Trump will dismantle it. If it has Obama's name on it, he will try to erase it.
Popular consensus finds that @realDonaldTrump is a man-made threat to humanity. #Resist #TrumpRussia #Fascists
Our president @POTUS is a threat to humanity, can we impeach him NOW? Please?
Is this a bit?
Scientific consensus is also that nothing done by humanity to change climate is safe from being totally wiped out by ONE volcanic eruption.
Just like before that 2016 elections, DNC needs to figure ou5 how to talk about this, and connect with middle America and their families
As usual you are incorrect Al. Climates do change with or without man. Another way to redistribute wealth. Don’t be a lemming you fraud.
Kind of like our current president.
Yes, the biggest part of which is Animal Agriculture. 51% of ALL emissions that cause #climatechange come from slaughterhouses/dairy farms.
Your numbers are incorrect. It is part of the puzzle but globally animal agriculture accounts for about 15% of CO2eq gases.
yea. So on top of telling big oil to knock it off, let's start pushing for population control harder
The jokes just keep coming with you.
So is Trumps mouth w/ all that hot air. It will lead us to war and is a wreckless and irresponsible danger to humanity.
I know Al, but we need to be more dramatic. Message needs enthusiasm. It’s boring. I’m with you for President. 
The sun is changing.
Much like trump himself....
faith restored.
No shit!
Please run for President!!!!
Please stop them from killing the planet.  Thanks 
Mid October in Ohio and 75?  Last week in 90's. No frost.  Something is very wrong
But they don’t believe in science, and it’s doubtful there’s anything that will convince them of its validity.
That would qualify as suicide
Darn autocorrect I'm sure you meant
man-made-up
Perhaps but that is completely at odds with the (public) consensus of fossil fuel billionaires.

Scientific consensus is that life begins at conception. Looking forward to your action to protect the unborn.
For the 30th year in a row.
BUT, 60% of Republicans don't believe in science (75% of Trmp supporters): that Earth began only 10,000 yrs ago! 
Another lie perpetuated by liberals. The only scientific proof is that scientists rely on government funding and will agree with whatever they're told the agenda is.
Easy, money. If you want someone to agree with your agenda, you pay them to.
Has anybody polled the 79 scientists the original "consensus" was based on again?
I haven't abandoned anything. Scientists went with a liberal agenda for the money. Climate has been changing 4.5 billion years and will continue to change.
