I want my grandkids to know that when we faced threat of climate change and had the chance to put earth on a safer path, we didn’t blow it.
If @POTUS backs out of #ParisAgreement, he’s not simply ignoring scientific consensus—he’s putting our children and grandchildren at risk.
I strongly urge President Trump to think hard before he decides to put the health of our entire planet at risk. https://www.facebook.com/senatoralfranken/posts/1377785198974025 …
Global warming is made up baloney. Go ahead and buy your carbon credits, ill keep my V8 running, lights on, full flush my toilet everytime
Schooling under Betsy DeVos.
Its so fun "playing"with dumb liberal idiots no wonder you lost the election
You're so brilliant! What a comeback! Too bad we all lost.
Oh! You did it! That's exactly what I needed to turn me into a lying trump supporter. Or in your case a lieing trump supporter.
Are you going to cry when Trump reverses this sham like the crazy people do in the woods? You had to see them before "Mother Nature freaks"
No, will leave that up to you.
Not really. The majority didn't elect this creature!
Yeah but he is still President by the Constitution and Electoral College and your majority wont get Lieing Hillary in ever ha ha
Oh thats right, thats when you changed the term to Climate Change.  Everything is under the umbrella of (punn intended) Climate change
Trolls can't spell or think
So you y'all ready for 3:00 pm EST when Mr President Trump gets rid of the garbage Paris Accord? Use that money for real good instead of .02
Senator, would you consider running for president? We need reason and stability in the WH.
I would like them to know that nobody thought their grandfather was funny.
He wasn't trying too be funny this time.  But when he wants to be, he certainly is!
There is no happy ending to any of this. Trump called it, It's Them against US. That's the America we voted to leave our children #BuckleUp
@BannedScience and I are resorting to gallows humor. @POTUS is only concerned for his profit margin.
They will learn you were on the right side of history
Does Joe, Jacob & Avery know you support hate speech? Is there no partisan line that can be crossed for you? Where is your decency sir?
Then you better do something about the imposter and fast
Jim Oberstar would be so proud of you
This is what we sent him today and we hope he cares about our kids and HIS enough .
Thank you for speaking up!!!!!
Did you show them your friend's picture of the bloody head - how do explain your gonna meet with her
Al Franken for President 2020!
Her Venue is getting canceled one by one. Done with CNN, sponsors dropping her. The LEFT has poked us one too many times. #ShutHerDown
WE won't stop until she's ruined.  This was NO Mistake!  She purposely set out to put this out there!  Hired a CREW. All planned out.
Depending on their age... show the grandkids the picture.. see what they think?  Ask Barron Trump...
Ask yourself. How would your kids like it if Kathy Griffin did what she did to you like she did to President? Losers associate with losers.
@Tazbruin25 I don't care for or support you in any way Senator- however I respect that you had the conviction to change careers.
...and run for office.  These pukes in your former industry should have the nerve to take the pay cut ( I assume) ..
..and run for office. Others wise, " shut up, sit down" you aren't qualified experts and you don't warrant speaking
..at college commencement ceremonies
Lets say I mock up severed heads of your grandkids, then apologize. Would you be ok with my apology...jerk!!!
What if they see a pic of you beheaded ? Will you forgive
We need to get this deplorable out of the office of POTUS!! #impeach45 #resist
Huh. I thought you were gay. Learn something every day.
I HAVE 2 GRANDKIDS. I WANT THEM 2 KNOW I WORKED AT CUTTING MY CARBON FOOTPRINT.GOD HELP US 2 TURN THIS PATH AROUND. SHOUT IT OUT LOUD,AL.
I have 2 children-God willing they will live the next 10 years without a war.
Damn. So worried and scared. 140 k can't even to begin to explain how I feel.
And do you want your grand children  to see a picture of @kathygriffin holding a severed head of a sitting US President like she is ISIS?
I love you ...
I thought one was going to be named Barack! I remember that line from your book!
"You're good enough, You're smart enough, and doggone it, people like you".  Thanks Senator Franken, I'm proud you're from my home state.
Love that guy
Yeah me too, makes me smile when I think about that sketch.
Well I pray your kids never go through what Barron did,, thanks to that scum Griffin
Something I want them to know ACA discriminated against American Indians in non fed tribes your grandpa approves of American Indian Genocide
I know American Indians will make it into the next century..hopefully your bingo will end in this one ACA violates title 6 CR act 1/3
When will @CivilRights launch an investigation & prosecute @TheDemocrats pgs 2006-09 no non fed Sebelius directive non fed tribes must 2/3
Prove "Indian enough" to continue to receive HC from IHS tile 6 no fed $ to any program that uses race as a qualifier "Indian enough" 3/3
Oh and grandkids your grandfather thinks Pocahontas's tribe needs to prove they're "Indian enough" they're not fed recognized
I love you as our Senator!  You represent Mn well.
I think we won't make it... That batshit crazy guy has our nuclear codes.  I am sure he will take us all down...
I totally agree. Why anyone would Not work to save our planet is in denial!
You're a good man Sen Franken.
I want my grandkids to know I did not vote for him and was a part of the #Womensmarch
Definitely! I want to be on the side that stood up to this disgusting Con.

#ImpeachTrump #MarchForTruth
No problem, this is the Franken Century
But you always forgive ISIS comedy BS of Liberals & continue to excoriate Republicans! We're ALL Americans forgive all of us! #kathygriffin
Do you want your grandchildren seeing #KathyGriffin holding your bloody head ISIS style?
Im sure they're proud of ur support of the new face of ISIS - CNN & Griffin -show them the pic of the bloody beheaded president yet?
Are you able to stay on topic?
Hopefully none of them turn out like you. #liar
ITS SIMPLY IRRESPONSIBLE, REGARDLESS OF PARTY LINE

Lucky kids
@SenFranken will you be joining the #MarchforTruth this Saturday?
tell them the truth.Have the top scientist talk to them
Your grandchildren will be safe with open borders to illegal immigrants from the Middle East!!mass immigration Paris is falling

What, that you are the worst, most corrupt senator ever elected by illegals?
That their grandpa is going to be the next president of the United States. We need you! President Al Franken please!
Senator Smalley I strongly encourage you to disavow Kathy Griffin - 1st Amend does not extend to acts of violence  - what do grandkids say
This...
http://www.popsci.com/best-places-to-live-in-america-in-2100-ad-0 …
May they also kno that we valued Kids, their safety, not just from 'terrorist' abroad or within yet Child Sexual Abusers be they mom/dad etc
Show them how to #Resist
Sen. Franken, you know the real reason. tRump despises Obama that much. His blind hatred is such, that he doesn't give a damn.
#Covfefe?
Thank you Senator! You speak for a majority of Americans & millions around the world. Now please get this man impeached b4 he kills us all.
I'd like the same for Daniel, Ryan Elizabeth, and Jason.
The American people are ready to fight for the #ParisAccord We will demand it stays! He won't take your grandchildren's future away!
They are good enough smart enough &gosh darn it ppl just like them. Sorry, couldn't resist. I'm a huge fan of yours &your senatorial work
Please grow up.
@SenFranken, you not withstanding, why is your generation so unbelievably terrible?
We're not. It's those in their 30s and 40s that are doing this!
Al #Franken2020
Every state should sign their own Paris agreement to show the world America does not back trump
FYI/PSA God's imaginary. All the best to you and yours. #LoveUnconditionally #Humanism
The world will go on without the US. As long as major polluters like China and India uphold measures and continue to innovate clean energy.
It's not about the "world going on". It's about setting precedent and showing leadership in the world.
I'm afraid those days of leadership are gone for at least the next several generations. The American century is over. This is China World.
"Uh oh...what?," she asked, while twisting her hands nervously.
Please help us get rid of this lunatic before he can cause more damage.
I hope they live long enough to see covfefe never used again
That you fought back against this horrific administration &their actions against climate & clean water, clean air. Silly things I know!
The Paris Climate deal is a brilliant approach to collaborative problem solving among Nations. We can't let this monster ruin this endeavor
Hyperventilate some more but Trump isn't gonna involve the US in an agreemant that allows outsiders to tax citizens
Our government taxes the citizenry and then allocates those dollars toward many endeavors. This is a worthy endeavor my friend.
Trump is the ONLY reason I'm happy I don't have grandchildren otherwise I used to long for one.
That @realDonaldTrump will go down as the STRONGEST most amazing President!! We agree Stuart!
GTFOH
Yes, you should!
