Al is a real American without a question
Hopefully you will apologize for your deplorable behavior. Rude and disrespectful. Not proper discourse.
Al, please run for president. I will work in your Indiana campaign hq..
Wouldn't watch that man for any reason, particularly if you are his guest. Liar.
.@SenFranken - just in case O'Donnell forgets to ask - Did #JeffSessions bring cookies to the hearing today?  @TheLastWord
No but I think He Brought a Dr. Pepper!
Lawrence. Now there is a wingnut for you.  Why don't you find some media outlet that does not pander to your  every word. So dishonest.
I voted for you, Senator, but in all honesty, you all look like a bunch of clowns who are doing nothing but pivoting and tweeting.
When will the call come for Sessions removal?
It was great to see Sessions get frustrated almost as if he was caught and called out.  Keep it up!!
How can ur caucus keep a straight face over sessions invoking a privilege that does not exist!! And no one challenged him at all How come??
Clearly AG Sessions is unfit for office.
He is hung up on "continuous" discussions. He believes he is not lying about "continuous". All surrogates were in continuous contact.
You’ve got to stay tenacious on that little man. Please sir.
I hope Sessions tunes in.
if not Maybe His Twin Sister Granny Clampett will.
You enjoy making fun of ppl? It shows. Must be a bully from way back.
You worship #hate and spew it everywhere. Keep up the good work making America great again. #ClintonRussianCollusion
You rocked today. I loved when Sessions went red in the face and started stuttering he was so pissed!
I see that you liberal retards love when someone is rude, lies, and purposely misquotes people that have served this country with honor.
What about TrumpTards?
Sen Al, love that you kept AG’s tiny feet to the fire but you need to learn how to ask short ?s that require Yes or No answers to nail him
@SenFranken you are not good enough, nor smart enough and doggone it people don't like you! You are funny but I don't think you are trying!
Great, I’ll get to hear your thoughts on digging into the Uranium One investigation that I’m sure you support. Can’t wait.
I'll be there.
Let me spoil the broadcast. Lawrence rambles. Hate speech on POTUS. Weird Al says Sessions lied. Nothing else to report.
Any chance we'll be rid of Trump soon? #25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendment
AlFranklin you’re a joke you should of stayed a in the comedian
Is turning on our best allies, Kurds and Chad, part of a destabilization plot or is it just about stealing oil ?
You were on fire today @SenFranken Watching @TheLastWord for more!
Sorry I missed it!!!!! 
@Lawrence on now.
Thanks, @NancySinatra!
Keep up the good work. You’re giving me hope.
You bet I'll be watching.  I've read everything you have ever written.  Been a fan for a long time.  Wish you were president!
I am SO there.
Al you were an embarrassment not letting him answer the ?’s that you asked. You are inept and a fraud.
I will
If he refuses to answer your questions and gets away with it,  he is invoking privilege whether entitled or not.
So is niger going to be trumnps Benghazi???
Can’t get enough of Al Franken.
So what's up with the Russian collusion and bribes of Clinton and Obama Admin. Leave AG alone.. focus on Democrats. Corruption

Dear Sen. Al, PLEASE run for President in 2020. You are the Fresh, dark horse candidate who will beat DJT at his own game. World needs U!
Maybe he'll actually answer a question without lying through his yellow teeth
I didn't hear Sen. Al Franken asking Sessions was he not as Campaign chairman required to watch Trump surrogates. Or,did I miss it?
I just finished reading your latest book. Excellent. I have two good senators but can I adopt you as my third one? Good job on nailing Jeff

Al Franken for President, No Joke
I’ll be there! Oh, no I won’t. Baseball
Watched, enjoyed. Not American but have been following closely. Can congress get to the bottom? Throw out this cabal of liars/traitors you have running America? Sure hope so!
Give em hell, Al !
just stick with your comedy routines-everyone laughs at your senatorial tries
Hey Al, Tell Sessions, You Can't Bull Shit  A Bull Shitter...So Get Your Shit Straight..Answer The Questions..!
If you read the comments below it is interesting that the women slobber and most men are dignified.  In the past women had manners. Gone now
No. Will not listen to more bs from the senate clown. Go back to movies. In your element there. Better yet put on the gorilla suit.
Sessions and the entire confederacy of Trump stooges are making a mockery of our entire political process.

#heFuckingLied

#JusticeDept???
But when it takes Congress years to resolve these issues, they become moot.
Well done...thank you for your extraordinary service!
Why aren't you a bit concerned about the bombshell collusion findings with Obama & Russians? Your smug partisan rants are pathetic
Here’s my “Deep Thoughts” moment for you.... You Suck,
Maybe stop grandstanding.  You ignore all of Clinton’s, Lynch, Comey and the uranium sale, but go after Sessions like he is a traitor.
Sessions looks like a scared rat on a sinking ship.
I think we will find out you talked to Russian’s , that’s a lot of cash the Russians sent the Clinton foundation
Give ‘em hell Al.
Love Lawrence and love you Senator Franken 
The AG just bitch slapped you. Time to go back to comedy because your a joke in the Senate.
Thank you for your work @senfranken. Watching you lay out Trump's surrogates, one by one, was priceless!
AG Sessions is a fool, and he proved how big a fool he is during the committees questioning yesterday. He is an embarrassment to that office
@SenFranken YOUR BEHAVIOR IN THE HEARING YESTERDAY HAS HAD ONE SINGLE END RESULT!
YOUR SPIRIT ANIMAL HAS REVEALED ITSELF:
The AG made an ass out of franken

Al, why didn’t you ask Sessions what he said in the Russian meetings? r u Senators hoping Mueller does your job???
the real fool
http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2017/10/08/19/45156D5300000578-0-Harvey_Weinstein_arrives_at_his_home_in_NYC_s_West_Village_on_Th-a-6_1507485835335.jpg …

You need to get a stop watch.
You were great Senator. You help me to be hopeful. Lead Dems to victory in 2018 and 20. You are a true leader..
Did you admit how bad Sessions spanked your butt for lying? He absolutely destroyed you & we loved every minute of it. You Sir are a liar.
YOU ROCKED?  Al was treating Sessions like he took $145 Million from Uranium 1.  Al, dummy, it was your pal Hillary
Wasting time and MONEY
No because you are peddling BS.  Tell us about your friendship w/ Clintons and $145 Million.  Tell us about FBI, DOJ & Uranium 1.  TRAITOR
It was disgraceful your participation in the Judiciary Committee. Political witchhunt wasted our money. See why we are moving away from Dems
Bravo Senator! You had that weasel Sessions squirming in his chair!! #PerjurySessions
Great job grilling AG Sessions we need senators to stand up to this administration we can't let them destory out country and democracy!!!!
Saw you on Last Word and in senate comm'teer. you pinned AG down. how do U convince others of inclusive Russian collusion?
USA's chief justice official commits perjury, smirks at peers he's known for decades while avoiding answers. HOW?

#nothingmattersanymore
Sorry Al, but I'm afraid the American people are sick of Trump & sick of a Congress that does absolutely nothing about him.
Got to see it, upsetting to say the least

Saw you. What up with the hair in the hearing yesterday?
Don’t forget your #Hammer!
Mr. Franken plz keep up the pressure on these liars, @realDonaldTrump @jeffsessions @VP our country needs ppl like you. Thank you!
Not surprised
Thank you Al! We can count on u to hold feet to fire,be real,be prepared & do it all with a slice of humor! "The RU Ambssdor is Russian" 
You are by far one of the most refreshing elected officials out there. You’re a true Patriot. Thanks for fighting for us!
You give me hope in these dark days sir!
Al’s the best!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EeUWZnTG5UM … you piece of Frankenshit. - a former fan.
Tuned in thought you were right on in hearings, very disappointed that you don't take it personally that Sessions lied under oath 2 America
Since Jeff sessions obviously lied to Congress will he be prosecuted for it?
I appreciate you so much.  I think I'd truly lose my mind or at least my cool if I were questioning Sessions.
We want you to run in 2020.   You know that, right?   I think you could win.  It would be great if you did.  For everyone.
Please! This country needs an honest, fair, intelligent, book reading president of the people for the People by the people kind of guy.
I have it recorded thank goodness. Will watch tomorrow.
That should be motherfucker's Asses!
Now kick the motherfuckers ASS!
Dear Honorable Franken,
Thank you for speaking and asking truth! I have faith in you!
-Mo
.@jeffsessions seemed not only 2 b lying his ass off, but overly confused. Is is it just the selected footage that made him seem senile?
@LALS01 @Lawrence @TheLastWord Will never forget Sessions 2015 stating VA was a handout.
Are there no consequences for lying to Congress? There must be some way to compel someone like Sessions to tell the truth!
Way to tear up some elf ass today. Laying the groundwork.
Thank you!
Trump tweeted to Fox today during their live feed today. Said he told Sessions not to mention his name & to walk out if anyone took a knee.
Thank you, Senator, for calling out that twit.
Amazing today, Senator Franken! We appreciate you!

Thank you @SenFranken for keeping them honest.  You were great in the hearing & on @TheLastWord
Thank you for exposing the flagrant lies of Sessions. When do the perjury charges kick in?
Senate committee seeks to interview key FBI informant in Russian nuclear bribery plot
HIDE THE HAMMER
You mean the hearing where Sessions lied, obfuscated and acted like the troll that he is?
Did! And you were great!
U ever notice how Sessions likes the double negatives."I did not never meet with any Russians"
Rockstar. 
You were brilliant! I loved the red stunned look on his face when you questioned him. He's a liar. I appreciate you trying to get the truth.
What is Trump up to in Niger?
Ask him about non-exec priv CAMPAIGN. Trump briefed on Russia in jul/Aug. All sanction talk after = aid/abet and quid pro quo. Ball=dropped.
Subpoena his little behind and make him perjur himself or plead the 5th.
Unwarranted attack on my person https://youtu.be/EQxO66i9ajc  via @YouTube
My husband and I had the same thought. I wish Senator Franken could be our President. So thoughtful and logical. Keep up the good fight.
If u follow Seth Abramson he had concerns abt the question u didn't ask.
Senator, your interrogation skills are impeccable! You outshine your peers who have gone to law school!
I so admire you, Senator.
Thank you.

You were great today in the hearing and tonight. Thanks for all the hard work you are doing for us. The Elf is hiding something for sure!
You need to take that LYING ELF OUT!!!
Did any of our distinguished Senators think they were actually going to get answers, especially without a supena?
You are totally amazing. A great asset for the Democratic Party. Please change the slogan from a better deal to Let's Take America Back!
Thanks for calling out Sessions!  He is complicit in the Russia affair.
People who tell the truth never flutter. Liars forget where they left off.
Loved it!! I miss the: it's Lawrence, right?? lol I could watch the two of you talking for hours, but I'll take whatever time I can get.
We love you, Senator!
Watched you today questioning Sessions. I wish you had more time with him. Sessions is a LIAR and should Not be AG!
When, Senator, does Sesson's obstruction become contempt of process (if there is such a thing)?
You mean lying AG Sessions.
You did a great job today!!!
You should bring contempt of Congress charges against Jeff Sessions bc he lied again he cannot claim exec privilege he is not pres
Hi Al, just wanted to point out there was 1 more Sessions narrative missed. He also stated once he may have exchanged a brief hello greeting
Wouldn’t miss it for the world :) thanks for the heads up
You ripped his lying ass.
Great job trying to seek the credibility of AG Sessions. Truly a shame he's in that office of our government where truth should be foremost.
Loved watching you today grilling Sessions. Awesome job.
Hats off to you today, Senator, and now he's on record. Excellent questioning! The Dem senators weren't taking the bs today.
You were great, your comedic training comes in handy when carefully showing Sessions as a clown!!
Al-jeff sessions has a micro phone inserted in his ear. He is told what to say from attys
born and raised in mn.  How embarrassing.  Time to shut up.
Faves
We did-And, you did very, very well-Thank You for being a True Blue Dem we can trust and believe in!
T
No one outside of Minnesota cares!
So, Al, when are you going to push for the investigation into the REAL #RussianCollusion w/#BarrysRegime & #ClintonCrimeFamily? Do your job!
You killed it today!  Sessions lying about lying ..... He's A Spineless Coward
Senator, you were spot on. Sessions gave U stink eye several times. But did not answer ur ???s. Dumb liar
I like that you referenced the special councils investigation will follow up with "more" questions. I'm counting on it.
Sessions mentioned trump is interviewing AG in states he could be prosecuted in? This needs to be looked into! He’s trying to obstruct!
Great conversation Sen Franken
SenFranken You are a True Leader & True Blue #GIANTinTheSenate ! On Fire & Amazing today, everyday. THANK YOU @SenFranken U give me Hope
You did well. Sessions we
You acted as a jerk in that committee. Shame on you. Did you ask your Mama Clinton and Obama's that how many times they met Russians?
Thanks Al!  As soon as I knew you were going to grill AG I watched it all & thanks  also @Lawrence. Keep the pressure on-truth will prevail!
Senator Franken, We are so proud of YOU  and you are a true patriot.Thank you for your true and reliable service.
Congratulations Senator Franken for spelling out so clearly to the AG the obfuscation of truth and shifting of his answers over time.
Thank you @SenFranken for making that liddle liar sweat today. @Lawrence @TheLastWord
Is there anything that can finish this nightmare soon. It is a shame that all these committees are so partisan .When can country is first.
You STUCK IT at the hearing today!  Thanks!  Don’t stop til they’re gone!    #Franken
You need to teach other Dems how to ask questions
Keep fighting the good fight!
Keep on fighting the good fight Senator Franken. #TheGiantoftheSenate
You were great today.
You were awwwwesommme today! Bless your achin’ heart.
Always a Pleasure to see u! I applaud your hard work serving Our Country. U give me hope. It's Criminal DOJ AG #LiesUnderOath   IAl Franken
Too bad Trumpsky's not smart enough to take your advice regarding his comment to Mrs. Johnson to "leave it alone."
He can't leave it alone. He has no values, no plan for our country. He is defined only by what he reacts against.
@Lawrence @alfranken  did Sessions talk to Russians about Sanctions?
Wondering if the elf will ever come out of that tree again...
Impeachment is just a democrat wet dream. You and your beloved Sen. Fraken are delusional. Hillary takes bribes and sells 20% of our uranium
Mmmm feel like you know the garden gnome is lying when the smug smile appears
