In the meantime, I hope you'll read what former Vice President and MN Sen. Walter Mondale penned for @StarTribune:
Makes me wanna move to MN just to have a rep I feel genuinely cares about his people & the rest of the country
Would like to call him President Franken in 2020 & beyond.
Lol! Ain't gonna happen.
Up yours!!!
Well,  aren't you a sweetheart.  If it would make you feel better, just call him Mr. President now. :*
Another Right-wing power grab of courts - and hypocrisy to boot.
Why arnt you for single payer?
Imagine how you could help not just Minnesota but an entire country.....#alfrankenforpresident
A judge is not to work with the people but enforce the laws. Laws come from lawmakers.
Thank you Al Franken,  great comedian and a great public servant
He's a comedian alright.  His time in the Senate representing MN, has been a joke! Representing just the libs.
Senator Franken, how do I set up a meeting with you?
Thank you @SenFranken! I wish more members of Congress would do the right thing. Especially my senator @marcorubio.
Your side lost the election. You don't get a say. Should have spoken up or even acted sooner.
I hope Lawrence didn't get out his eraser...
Yeah all Minnesotans who make it out of the womb anyway.  I'm sure you'd prefer someone who allows this barbarity.

http://wrtl.org/abortion/pictures-of-aborted-babies/#AbortionPictures …
Rank partisan bullshit. Justice Stras was elected to his seat on the MN Supreme Court by greater margins than you were to the senate.
get out of town..  Dork
Circus in town , two clowns
Judge Franken!
If it wasn't so cold, I'd move to Minnesota, just to vote for you. If only there were some sort of national office you could run for. Hmm...
Using SPLC for any reference to racism, makes you foolish! They are stashing cash offshore,,,,,,Why?
The Giant of the Senate ... 
You want a fanatical, hateful progressive like yourself who only issues rulings that benefit your liberal religion. We know.
I was watching... great job representing, as always you comedian you 
Why not Justice David Stras?  Your only argument against seems to be that he has worked with other SCOTUS judges, which is a good thing
Great interview.
E
Hey, @SenFranken, what you need are judges who will interpret laws as written...not bend laws to what you (or "Minnesotans" want them to be.
I appreciate your persistence Senator Franken. Thank you!
You certainly don't work for Minnesotans
Hope you don't "erase" your "penciled" candidacy. We need you.
You did a great job on @Lawrence last night!
.@POTUS Don Lemon Symone Sanders screaming racism to divide are used as lap dogs by politicians to keep power and wealth #followme #Trump
.@POTUS pathetic this country has gotten when we can elect a clown like Al Franken or listen to a racist likes Symone Sanders Don Lemon
i can hear @hughhewitt wails of despair from here...
Thank You!
Great
Welp he busted jeff sessions when he lied #siptea
@gphumber @Lawrence @TheLastWord 
Our country is in dire trouble I sent a twt pls trust me I worked for DOD I would die 4 cntry
thank you Sen Franken!!
You don't get to nominate the judges.
You were SO much better on SNL...I bet you still have a career in comedy...please try it. Your jokes in DC suck.
Thank You Sen. please do not confirm!!!  YOU ARE DOING THE RIGHT THING FOR OUR COUNTRY!!
Thank you for standing up for us against #SleazyTrump!!
Thank you for watching out for the ppl.
Hey Al. Thanks for doing your job.
Ad just ran suggested you were simply asc'errd of his (who?) RAGING POPULARITY. Very effective. And by effective I mean wholly ineffective.
Frankenstein is going to personally end the blue slip tradition. Bravo jerk
Please just run for president. We need to regain some sanity in this country and accountability.
Good appearance on @Lawrence!
Loving what you're doing @SenFranken here and overall!  Keep up the great work Al!
You were great tonight and thank you for all you do
By acting judiciously, and applying the law evenly within the scope of the Constitution? Wouldn't that be nice. Not some rogue legislator...
cc: @ MerrickGarland
They got John Roberts when Bush sent up a nomination for Chief Justice with NO RECORD. Merrick Garland had a history of activism on bench
Thank you for sticking to your principles, Al! I see they are running attack ads already - please keep at it!
Watched it. Good interview.
Wish you were my Senator; I got stuck with Cruz and Cornyn-dumb & dumber
What a straight up guy! Great segment Lawrence! We ALL need a little humor coupled with your wisdom @SenFranken so 
I love seeing you on tv. No to that eraser though. Someone give me a Sharpie.
Stand by it, Al! The Cons have NOTHING to bitch about after what they did with the Supreme Court. Let the snowflakes fall where they will.
He could take his blue card and stick it where the sun doesn't shine. He's a bigot.
MN is represented!  #ThanksAl #GUILTYcommedian
You are doing the right thing ..keep on protecting all of us...Think about going for President..we need some humor..
Thank you for standing up for what's right. You give us hope that maybe we'll get through these dark days.
Watching!!
Al-stand your ground! Hero !
Please consider a run for president, I would welcome the chance to vote for you. #2020
And we're watching! Thank you!
They are running TV ads here in Minnesota "call Sen Franken to confirm blah blah".
Franken 2020
You are wrong, again!
Is it Franken or Frackn??? Hi I'm Al...
Why don't you put someone on there who actually understands and will enforce the False Claims Act.  8th Circuit is open for fraudsters.
Have u no pride, sir?
Thank you for co-sponsoring Medicare for all...
That should be a hoot.  "Lawrence, ah, I don't like, ah, the people that, ah, Judge Stas, ah,  likes."
I want you to run for president.....At least think about it
Federal. Judge wld deal with more than one state
who will be left of left socialist is what you want
Seriously???? you don't care one iota for any Minnesotan. You never did, it's all about special interest groups, money, liberal propaganda.
Because he makes so much more as a senator than as an author, actor or director.. made his 8 mil as a senator? Lol
he is still "acting", he is pretending to give a damn about Minnesota, it's residents, what we need and what we want in our state.
A judge is supposed to work for the Constitution, Senator. Don't let us believe that you don't know that.
Serious question Al What interest do U have in shining your lights on #WrongfulConvictions & passing laws4 CJSReform?
#MakingAMurderer
Can't wait to miss it
By your standard no conservative can be a judge. When even that bar association has no objections you are wrong
I hear partisan judges are all the rage these days.
Federal judges aren't "elected" to represent people. They are nominated to uphold the law. The Eighth Circuit Court is more than Minnesota
You have no idea what the purpose of the judicial system is, Stewart
I will be watching
This is why I have ZERO issue for Obama's SCOTUS appointee not getting a hearing.
Stupid comment
AL, you may have missed civics class. Judges are meant to be objective. They don't "work" on behalf of Minnesotans or any group.
Reading your book, Sen. Franken. You are an incredibly intelligent man, a superb leader, & funny as fuck! America is so lucky to have you.
And an anti catholic bigot. So brilliant.
SAF:  See you there.
Thank you. That's what we want, too.
Looking forward to it!
Reading your book Giant of the Senate! Makes me want to move to Minnesota! Fight for blue card/slip whatever it's called
Why? You don't work for all Minnesotans. You only care about reliable Democrat voters.
Following @SenFranken for some.  He goes to so many local events, schools and is well liked by all parties at these events.
WORK FOR ALL AMERICAN'S AL. YOUR SALARY IS PAID FOR MY TAXPAYERS
You sponsor single-payer.  Former Senator Paul Simon also did so.  Any chance you could revive an all-time great impersonation?
What about the Minnesotans that don't agree with you Al?
If you're actually from MN, Al will listen you you. Didn't vote for him first time he ran. Won me over by listening to opposing views
You mean an ACTIVIST JUDGE, who will do the bidding of the DNC?
I sometimes think about moving to Minnesota just so you'll be my Senator and I don't care who knows it.
We would welcome you.  And we love our senators!   @SenFranken and @amyklobuchar are doing a great job.  I can't thank them enough.
Wish I could trade Texas Senators @JohnCornyn and @tedcruz for yours!
