And I heard concerns today from Minnesota Latino organizations about @POTUS’ aggressive immigration policies.
I’m standing up against @POTUS' overly-aggressive immigration tactics bc these families make many contributions to our country and economy.
I want to move to Minnesota so I can vote for you - unless maybe I can do so from Colorado in 2020 ??? Get what I mean ?
BS
Senator I am from wonderful State if Minnesota, as an immigrant myself you don't and can't represent me, you are clueless
His tweets are causing fear and anxiety for all Americans paying attention.
You sound like a Trump supporter
I fell BAD for you
I'm sorry I thought you were talking about Seen Franken
LOVE @SenFranken :)
Franken in 2020
If we're still here!
The illegal immigration & sanctuary cities cause fear in children and families & decrease their security. For what? For criminals!
If they are legal or at min follow the rest of our laws they've nothing to fear. Build a wall, end sanctuary cities, deport the gangs, ...
and fix immigration policy, then mass amnesty will be possible again as Reagan did.
@HeidiRous how has @SebGorka got any credibility? No proof, no clue, needs 2b removed along with @StephenMillerWH, @SteveBannon
And @PressSecretery too
Not just Minnesota, Senator
And Chicago and many other cities, too. Not sure how this helps anyone.
I'm scared to see how my students are feeling this year. Last year I could see stress building. Makes a grown man cry...a lot.
Al, if their here legally why are they afraid? 'Splain that to me big guy!!
First dangling their healthcare over the side of a building, threatening to let go, and now this!
I have no doubt that this is true - it's causing fear for me and I don't even live in MN anymore - but interested to hear examples?
Do something fast. He can't make those kind of decisions . Help us
I believe it!  That's so wrong
More than when they break the law?
Ummm he's causing fear and anxiety for most of America!
Focus on the carp Al. A job more befitting of a comedian.
They haven't even recognized the act of terror against the Mosque! What about that?
I am sincerely hoping you are seriously considering a presidentialrun in 2020.

This tweet seems a bit off topic. I like you but turn on the news.
Not to mention the mosque bombing???   Terrorism that the White House has not acknowledged.
Well Tang just added more fear
Many have been filled with fear and anxiety for the last 40 yrs while you and spineless  cohorts have failed to uphold our laws. Coward!

And nuclear war probably isn't going to lessen that anxiety.
Al! Grab a clue! He is tweeting his nuclear policy! Help! Fuck!
All you care about is getting them to vote for you. You're so obvious no matter what you're doing your motives remain the same. Transparent?
I don't think it's just Minnesota, with all due respect, sir. This POTUS is dangerous to America.
That Trump is baiting a nuclear strike from Korea is causing fear and anxiety for Americans. Thank you for you for your hard work, Senator.
This is so sad. We are fighting with you!
Yea like you think we are so stupid that we actually believe that

I think after today, he has made fear and anxiety the stance of the American population.  No wonder I can't sleep anymore.
You and all who work for WE THE PEOPLE should be doing more than LIP SERVICE to stop what is clearly a countdown to our end as we know it!!
Good.  They need to fear the authorities if they are here illegally.  If they are here illegally they are not Minnesotans they are leeches.
Too bad.  Deport them all
Not just Minnesota but every state.
Then let's stop them.
Al who's responsible for maintaining course on Perpetuating generational war due to a stolen primary, DWS or HRC? Both?
Where's your proof. Of course illegal aliens will vote for your free give aways  you fraud.
Children all over our country are scared.
In NY as well,.  I work for Head Start and many of my parents are scared.  I hate this so much right now.
And there is NK and DT's "fire and fury" bad imitation of John Wayne!
If they followed our laws they have nothing to worry about. Signed: An Immigrant's Granddaughter
If they broke the law, should they not suffer the consequences of breaking the law?  We are a nation of laws are we not?
We are Minnesotans and neither minorities nor immigrants.  But yet my kids are worried every day about their friends who are.
The Trump Administration's (insert any item here) efforts are causing fear and anxiety.
Environmental 
Net Neutrality 
Healthcare 
Russian collusion 
Nepotism 
Immigration 
Gay rights
Foreign policy 
Education 
Yes any word fits
@SenFranken When are you going to introduce single-payer Medicare for all?
What about the fish #carpcannotvote
Under the new immigration rules, over 85% of all Americans would be denied visas. (Inc. Trump's g/father, g/mother &  mother & 2 wives).
I doubt he understands how many people actually live in America. As in, x10 off-base. He probably thinks 30million is the US population.
& has no concept of the real harm these policies inflict by a factor of ten.
That he thinks health insurance is $12 is a true sign of this mentality.
Senator, this is not the hot button today.
Every American should be filled with fear and  anxiety as long as Trump is President.
Sen. Franken, What concrete action is Congress taking so that dangerous pathological Trump doesn't cause irreparable destruction?
You are so out of touch with hard working middle class AMERICANS!!!!
Immigration actions & ICE have become terrorizing for entire nation.  Thank you for your work in your state to protect all. 
This...i think would cause a lot of fear?
hey how about reminding him declaring war is done by congress
If things keep escalating the only immigrants coming in this country will be the radioactive or the really radioactive.
Here in New Mexico, raids against working immigrants.
Join the club, kids!  There are several billion of us.
Not just Minnesota - I met a family who adopted a child from Korea years ago- kid is afraid he'll be thrown out of the country.
My son will be at the Humphrey School this year. Hope he gets to meet you. Studying the intersection of poverty mental health and education.
Trump's really good at causing fear...
The more fearful people are, the less analytical, discerning they 
are in figuring out all of the underhanded shenanigans
& crimes of Trump.
We are witnessing the triumph of evil.
What about the families who lost loved ones due to illegal immigration? Didn't hear you speak out. Maybe you should stop feeding the fear.
BOT
And. You know, everyone that isn't "the right kind of immigrant' beyond racist President and admin.
Was that before or after he wanted to take our heZ
Healthcare. The dog knocked the Phone from my hands.
Also families where I live ca they take they're parents #ice

And not only in that state!
Senator that is true, but he is causing fear and anxiety for the whole world tonight with his idiotic threats to NK
I could only imagine what the fear of a nuclear war is doing to them right now! #ImpeachTrump
Causing fear and anxiety for families in SW FL.
Al, do you really think the Administration really cares?
Trumprussia, Sinclair propaganda network and N.korea nukes Take priority Sir
He is actually very adept at multitasking. Call his office and tell his staff your concerns. Been very receptive
The hell, we're all going to die thanks to "fire and fury". If I were an immigrant I'd go home anyway!!
It is scary right now with 45 at the helm.
Worst part is- that is exactly what they want.  To create fear and division.
So much for Protecting the American people
Don't worry, he's planning on there not being a Minnesota soon.
 all because of a$$hole Trump!! Thx Trump voters.

True when they come through the system not so much when illegally. Kate Steinlen was my co-worker.
Not to mention fear for the families and children living in Guam

