Ok now go build the wall and get the travel ban passed you twit
If gun laws were the same in UK as US, there would have been 17 people dead, or even more with a semi-automatic weapon.
If the citizens of the U.K. were armed, they could have neutralized these Islamic terrorists. Somebody has to do it because liberals cower.
My experiences around unplanned gunfire: unless you've been trained and taken an oath, you will instinctively hide.
What are you thinking about, exactly?
If only our President was as thoughtful. Prayers. 
And those who were terrorized but not physically hurt or killed. Can't imagine living with this experience.
Your politics are a little wack for me but I just love your love story with Franni.  I know, u know, u r a blessed man.  
Keep America safe!
But why isn't political correctness working?
Sir, lives weren't just "lost" as in an accident. Lives were mercilessly TAKEN by barbaric terrorists. Why can't you liberals say the truth?
Words cannot express, especially in under 200 characters. Besides liberals champion murder of convenience:  abortion,  #perspective #mercy
Wow, people think your comments are great when you stand in the way of vetting from terrorist countries. We get the politicians we deserve
Thank you for not "standing with".
God bless Al...& thank you.
Yes, God bless your tremendous sacrifice of 'thinking of' the victims of London attack. Must have been horrible for you and Franni
Bit quiet Don...what's up ?.Fuck you've got less followers than even me lol,long time dead...smile awhile lad !.
Thank you, sir! Proud to call you my senator.
Could you be our President?
Franken for POTUS??
Yeah, when HELL freezes over But the fires of Hell are blazing hot right now with the souls of dead jihadis.
LOLOLOL LOLOLOL Don Joe! Jihadis do not believe in Hell - but I bet there's a spot for you there! #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #ImpeachTrump
Well, that's not what my God says,so,begging your pardon,I think I'll take his word over yours, if you don't mind,thank you. Have a nice day
Thanks Al. It is "Al?"  Please remind Trump that his travel ban would not have prevented this.
Huh, because you know which country they're traveled?  Dummy, that NON ban will soon haunt you...I guarantee it, soon death will be here.
Will see what the history of the attackers is. I'll not be surprised if they are long-time residents of GB. You should wait, too.
Sure, I'll wait...and I couldn't care less what their passport says, I know the "culture" from which they derived. If you need to wait, go4t
ATWB.
You now!
Thank-you Senator Franken.  We Americans living in London appreciate your good will and intelligence.
THANK YOU for speaking for all of us who unite in Humanity and protect our Freedom & the Safety of our Planet! #TheResistance
Spoken in the respectful manner we anticipate from our elected officials . . . Sadly, Not by the current WH resident.
And.....hopefully working to make sure that doesn't happen here!
I with you, we need to focus on their pain and grieving and let them know we care!
And of course Dem's cheap tawdry talk of racism when we try to vet people from terrorists countries makes this sound hollow.
Can't bullshit a bullshitter, Al.
So...is your 'thinking of' the victims going to prevent more people from becoming victims? Just wondering if that how liberal magic works...
a sensible heartfelt tweet . Thank you. Please run for president!
Thku, Senator, for being the adult in the Nation
@jstincse @SenFranken cud of been prevented. Have the Muslim refugees stay in the middle east. What there's no room?
Thank God your candidate LOST or we'd be facing same future as Europe! 9th court has let in who knows how many terrorists! #LondonAttacks
Trump touted his Muslim ban amidst London's tragedy before offering his condolences
As should we all. Thank you, Senator for your timely reminder that now is a time to put politics aside.
Thanks for showing your compassion Senator Franken. Why can't we have more in congress like you? 
#londonattacks horrible.That same day, bokoharam strapped explosives onto 2 children in Cameroon. Children. Heart torn with grief.
I truly appreciate your compassion and leadership. Just wanted ppl to know about Cameroon. Please consider running for president.
Thank u for being a light in the darkness of this horrendous administration please keep fighting for us Grateful for ur humor
Elected officials+ TV leads r to the point of being sacrin w/"our thoughts and prayers" etc.....show a sign of leadership if your in office
To bad that reprehensible slob in the White House does not know how to articulate a message to the world like you do
Why don't you start thinking about putting America first so these issues don't continue to happen?  Integrity > votes.
Perhaps as a leader you should be thinking about this from an honest and more proactive point of view.
What do you suggest, Ted?
Maybe some honest talk about the religion of peace.
Totally inappropriate to ask you this right now but will you PLEASE RUN FOR PRESIDENT IN 2020?? #AlFrankenIn2020  We need a LEADER.
Can it, Stuart.  #rat
Now let's bury our heads and turn the page.  #nochange
Don't worry al the Supreme Court will save our country
Thanks al for hindering the extreme vetting policies along with the rest of the obstructionist you sit on your hands with.
What is the cause of the attacks? What is the correlation? If muslims did not live in England, would there still be Islamic terror attacks?
Thank you for your civil service sir
@InSpiteOfTrump And Trump is playing his 23rd round of golf today #MAGA #ImpeachTrump
Thanks Al & Franni. Means a lot. x
Your empty words mean less than nothing.  Why do democrats want to flood the United States with radical Muslims?  Is it worth the votes?
I appreciate that you and your wife are thinking of the victims.  What are you going to do to help keep Minnesotans safer?  Please respond!
We love you Sen. Franken and really hope that you will consider running for president in 2020.  Our country needs you!!
And that Doofus Trump us how you tweet after a terrorist attack in another country.
we know it's not ISIS because @realDonaldTrump campaigned & said he'd get rid of ISIS in 10 days,uum.
you are a prince of a man...
For once try thinking about the American citizen! Mental disorder is large in you!
Why do these attacks keep happening?  Is it because of Ramadan?  Speak up Al!  Tell us why we have to fear Ramadan?

Dear Al, it's because of Liberal policies causing the deaths of innocent people here and abroad.  Go ahead, invite more incompatible Muslims
ThankU Senator 4 being the leader we need.
Remember the President fired the nation's most senior domestic counterterrorism official and all of the U.S. attorneys, with no replacements
Thank you. This helps to make up for the insensitivity shown by your President today.

Thank you for your leadership and compassion.
Al, you are an advocate of letting terrorists into America. Aren't you being a hypocrit?
Trump is thinking about his handicap
#SpecialKindofStupid
