Their plan would be 1st health reform effort to actually cause Americans to lose insurance—ripping coverage away from estimated 24M by 2026.
It would destroy #Medicaid as we know it, hurting Minnesotans like Maria. More on her story here: https://www.facebook.com/senatoralfranken/posts/1305603596192186 …
@AgitatorsNeeded @POTUS Thankfully, that is tabled for now. When work begins anew, be sure to let those if us outside know! 
stand firm in opposition !
I know... Too bad Democrats don't support Conyers' HR 676.
I can see it clearly now.....#Franken2020
thank you for standing up for us
The democrats passed the most horrendous health care bill 7 years ago. You all lied and got US taxpayer into this mess.
if this passes all Americans lose (except 1% cha-Ching). In 2018 we will show them what losing feels like #resistance
No that was you guys that did that. 1900 pages of bullshit. Remember Al?
they failed! How bow dah?
We need a bipartisan bill that benefits American, not just the rich. Thanks @SenFranken for representing the little guys!
Since TrumpCare won't pass, Dems to submit bill with changes to improve ACA. Show public who's on their side and show GOP 4 obstructionists
Please do all you can to prevent this disaster ! #SavetheACA
seems like an everyday occurance for us folks in North Carolina!
You mean the same way that @BarackObama did with the train wreck that is Obamacare\ACA.
everyone says Obamacare is going to implode Rep sent all this energy writing a new law TAKE ALL THAT ENERGY FIX OBAMACARE
#NoTrumpCare #KILLTHEBILL
it's almost as bad as the one you rammed down our throats.
ridiculous nonsense again #ego is getting in way of #healthcare. Improve #ACA & move forward @SpeakerRyan #DoSomething
DO NOT GIVE IN TO BULLIES!!!
let it go through the process amend and send to conference!
Pleae Stop Them!!!
Catastrophe for the poorest and most vulnerable Americans. Who overwhelmingly voted for this.
fuck that no way
@PeaceYesWeCan7 @POTUS  Vote NO on Trump Care #KILLTHEBILL
Thanks  Al Minnesota
Seriously terrified. Are they so rich they don't understand what we go through as "mere mortals"? They prey on the weak!
Ah, just like @NancyPelosi rammed #Obamacare through the legislative process...without anyone even reading it first. #AHCA
Do you know how many hearings there were on the ACA?
stop them, keep fighting.
Will Reps listen to a president who is under investigation or the majority of voters who elect them?  VOTERS reject bill
@Wu_Tang_Finance the hypocrisy fam.
@RepErikPaulsen Erik Paulsen's D.C. vm has been full for two days; he can't count full tally against AHCA. Call (952) 405-8510.
don't let them do it, Al!
- I'm distracted by the Steven King movie I'm watching. Less scary.  #resist
please can Dems in congress stop calling it a "health"bill. It's a death bill.
Why are you exempt from Obamacare? Explain that before you run your mouth.
This bill is a disaster for American people and profits only the rich. If the GOP continue to vote party we are doomed.
please outline for us the steps you personally took to engage with Ryan to improve the bill?  Crickets??????
Stand strong!  Reach out to the moderate Republicans and stand fast for the people!
do not be naive enough to believe that franken is looking out for us. Had plenty of time to fix ACA. Politicians are bad
Tax breaks for the rich are important to Trump. It's all about personal profit.
I wonder why It's a rush hit job on millions of Americans to kill them basically
It's another pathetic attempt that shows a total lack of empathy by the GOP to our nation's needy! SAD!
please start calling this what it is... "For-profit death bill"
Every action trump (bannon) takes is disastrous.
Yes they are, and it's sickening that don't care how many people are hurt by TrumpCare!
@JuliaBriese @POTUS once again.... it is party over country. Where is the humanity?
Canada School groups from #Ontario & #GirlGuide groups are cancelling visiting because of fear exclusion
just like Dems did in the middle of the night with Obamacare you act like this never happened wake up
#KillTheBill
You are an honorable man.  Keep up the great work. Represent the people! #notaxbreaktrumpcare
Standing with you.
Sir. Please don't stop going after Jeff Sessions he lied to Senate under oath and should resign
When a W is more important than self-respect, family, country,...Keep doing what you do. Find a camera, talk to America.
Don't let this bill pass!
stick it AL!! Go back to SNL!
could someone say they might be... Jamming this down our throats??
@GOP stands for "Get Old People" Covered @SenFranken @POTUS @medicareworks_ ... @mattbors cartoon
Ah, the Obama Death Panels @ work
"When you’re a star they let you do it... you can do anything."
TIME TO FILIBUSTER
We appreciate You Everyday! Thank you....
Frankenstein ...not that it makes it right, however, isn't that exactly what Dems did with ACA?  Now U have problem w/it?
Fascism = "bundle of rods." Gang initiation often requires killing. This repeal will kill tens of thousands.
What should WE be doing NOW, at THIS moment?
Stand strong against it!
Talk about Death Panels...
I have a feeling this is going to happen to every bill they put forth.
. How do we stop him from making any more decisions,  he's being investigated.
Yup, but I have faith in the Senate to destroy them.

don't let them Sir
