Thinly veiled dig at Trump from British Navy:
So proud of our Transgender personnel. They bring #Diversity to our @RoyalNavy and I will always support their desire to serve their country https://twitter.com/radmalexburton/status/890255337533702145 …
I really hope Dems have ads running to rebuke this. Superpacs, activate!
Al. I'm getting weary! It's so sad seeing our country being ruined day after day.
Children in NJ are held accountable4 bullying in school. they can be arrested 4the actagainst other kidswhat about hostile work environment
@Lawrence if our complainer in chief had served in Vietnam, as I did, he'd know about soldiering. But he is an ignorant coward.
I would like to see you make a Presidential run in 2020. You would make a great President. You have the intelligence and the ability.
I'm not on Facebook. Can someone cut and paste his statement to us?
Seems like Trump's policy would be unconstitutional.
You never served and therefore shouldn't have an opinion, bozo. 
@Lawrence Coming from the most disruptive, draft dodging burden this country has ever known. Thank you for your service LGBTQ.
US finally got so stupid that they never gave a second thought about electing an idiot because What could happen?
@SenFranken sir, they were big shoes to fill but I believe you have done Senator Wellstone proud.  Thank you for your service.
Great statement, but it's about RUSSIA.This is another distraction that has evry1 upset - with good reason. Slick!
@MaxBoot @anamariecox @Lawrence  via http://politicalwire.com  and daily beast
Agree with you on this one. Only issue for everyone regardless who you are is fitness for duty and gender id is not one of those items

You can't take for granted that he knows what the T stands for in LGBT.
Is the new Title VII opinion emerging from DOJ Trump's idea of protecting the LGBT community? It seems the clock is turning back.
Pls run for POTUS
How does a draft dodger get to tell real military what should be.  He has no clue what he is putting our military to face.
Keep up the GOOD work!
Please keep working to remove evil duo in WH and protect vulnerable Americans.
This President's tweets of horror now slap at the fine people who have chosen to serve our country.Betray your AG, but leave patriots alone.
Isn't Melania supposed to be taking on cyber bullies? She should start with her husband.
thank you Senator Franken
I started to read it, but then I realized that I didn't care what you have to say about pretty much anything.
He has no respect for law, he's a crazed monster and needs to be absolutely removed from office ~ he really is mentally unstable!
Insane to the membrane goes off on Tweeter again. Wish Tweeter would ban this train wreck.
I retweeted that. Expresses how disgusted he makes me feel.
Trump now formulating policy by tweet...must be something modern
Trump must be getting scared.  He is pulling out the really controversial issues now for cover.
Thank you Sen. Franken. This is a time when our true leaders are showing up to lead. It has not gone unnoticed.
Who would thought??HAHAHA,JAJAJAJAJA,HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Robert Muller is not wasting time debating Transgender's in the Military.  He is full speed ahead Russia  TRUMPPUTIN! No DIVERSIONS 
Please help save us from fuhrer trump.
Trump got out of being drafted 3x! He should be thanking these ppl for their service not discriminating! #trumpsanembarrassment
Bravo, Senator! Please throw your hat into the ring for 2020!
I wish they wouldve kept you out of the Senate.
Thank you Sen. Frankin.
This is just the beginning of the doors he will openscary!
Distraction from healthcare. All this is
Thank you!
Trump is banning transgender people from military service for two reasons.  1-HE IS A RACIST 2-DIVERSION FROM RUSSIAN COLLUSION!
Nobody cares what you think Stuart
If it doesn't start with "What the fuck is wrong with you?" It isn't strong enough
I've just reported DT's tweets to Twitter and urge EVERYONE to do so. I've reported him more than once now...@Twitter is enabling him...
People: this is just the newest shiny thing. Each time Russia heats up, there's a bigger distraction than the last time. Hang on to the bar.
Thank you for your statement.  You should think about 2020.  Just sayin!
Shut up Al Franken. You got about as much sense as a flea.
Just when it looked like a shoe in......
Hey Senator is the reason you don't want to talk about single payer Healthcare is cuz you know the party is just trying to BS us?
So if Trump starts drafting people, let's all claim to be transgender
Freedom!!
Senator, thank you very much for your support and opposition to the ban.  Senator Wellstone, I am sure, would be proud.
Just playing to his base like the bigots the racists the hate-filled uninformed who vote against their own interests because of their stupid
When will the republicans do something about this horrible excuse for POTUS?  Impeach now!
Thank you. Please run for president.
Get tRump  out of our White House!!!!!!!!!
I'm so glad there's comedians like you to interpret the Clown 
Maybe we should require Military Generals to be able to maintain their own hardons, if they want to serve
So it's not a cost thing, just bigotry and fear.
@realDonaldTrump is a bona fide NUTCASE. Time to cut the cord @GOP
This is just another distraction Senator.. (a serious one, but) Russia, Sessions, His taxes, health care etc.. Keep the heat on
We're with you.....stay strong we're proud of you
This is a distraction from the real shit going down. Don't play his game.
@GOP you have yet again taken America out of somthing that had them leading other civilized countries but It's ok we won't go back with you!
Thank you Al! You. Are. Awesome!!!
Enough statements. DO something!
Ah....if only
As a Minnesotan, I'm especially proud to be represented by you and Senator Klobuchar. You two are voices of reason in the swamp.
Transgenders serving our country are Patriots!! Can't say the same for DT who had his daddy get him out of serving!
I think it's about time to kick off the real "Al Franken Decade".
Think about it.
Trump claimed he would "prove who is the true friend of the LBGTQ community-Bigly".  Check
@realDonaldTrump cites medical expenses. Military spends $84 million on Viagra. #banviagra
I look forward to seeing you in San Francisco in a couple of weeks.  #weneedyourhelp
impeach @realDonaldTrump soon real soon ANNOUNCEMENT SOON REAL SOON @MSNBC @indivisibletxjc @PoliticalDiscor @nytimes
Thank you.
Don't you mean U.S./Russia Military?
I solemnly swear  to uphold the laws and NEVER say a negative word against Mother Russia.
#TraitorInChief 
Thank you.
Trump's Tweets are truly timeless
You lose focus, Al. This is about the military. @BarackObama is the most dangerous person ever in the White House. Not that you'd know. smh
Thank you for your words on this, Sen. Franken!
Great call by @realDonaldTrump btw. I was surprised this wasn't done long ago. @alfranken
Al, run for president. You have all of the qualities to be a great leader and president. America and the world needs you.
He only turned on the transgender community when he realized how difficult it was to tell which one of them had a pussy to grab
PLEASE run in 2020! We need you!
Taxpayers will be on the hook for Trumps folly when they have to reimburse pensions & benefits post the inevitable GOP 'witch hunt'.
STUPID
Thank you. You are always a ray of hope in a dark country I don't recognize much anymore.
Time for a revolution for equality and justice for all?!?!  I can't believe I have to ask that question in the 21st century.
Can we ban President Trump from the presidency?
thanks I'll pass on 0.3% of pop eliminated from military
@SenAlFrank does trump have the final say on this?
Donald is just trying to create a controversy that he knows plays to his bigoted base. He's distracting from his many crimes. #ImpeachTrump
Ahhhh - America in Retrograde
Thank you...this is massive distraction nothing more. He can spew garbage all day...doesn't make it law.
Donald Trump is nothing but a bigoted bully
Transgender rights are important, but for today keep your focus on health care.
Why don't you respond to not bringing the A.G Sessions  who lied non stop at the hearing of Trump crime family, up on perjury at the time
Why would he ban any American willing since he sure wasn't.
Congress needs to seriously move to arrest and/or impeach. That'll make a stronger statement
I wonder who is next? Its getting very scary.
Estimated cost, less than one jet aircraft(period)
Trump is a madman and needs to be stopped!
Thank you Al. Trump doesn't really care. He did this to either make Pence happy or kick up some dirt to hide something else.
Feel free to kick his ass in 2020, Senator
Hahahhahaha al franken is MN's worst senator in our states history
@WhiteHouse has larger problems right now ,
Did you not hear about the arrest ?
 http://white-house-logs.insidegov.com/l/70991107/Abid-A-Awan …
like America gives a damm what a liberal loon says about anything!  Defending people who force their sickness on us is pathetic!
Thank you Sen. Franken.
Operation, "BONER SPUR"
Please impeach this heartless orange twit.
Who cares what you say!
.@realDonaldTrump #draftdodger #NotMyCommander
Thank you, Senator!
Every time he salutes getting on and off Air Force 1 I cringe...5x draft dodger
Yesterday's anger has morphed into today's heartbreak.  This horrid @POTUS, one evil @realDonaldTrump, is the most ugly, cruel human alive.
Well draft some legislation and make this LAW!
Yes. Stop letting T treat all of you DEMS & @GOP @SenateGOP like subordinates. All people who can complete training should b able 2 serve
But Senator Franken, @realDonaldTrump thinks bone spurs are a symptom of being transgendered.
This was just done to put a false sense of security to waive ring republican Senators with a homophobic base.
Disgusting.
What????? What kind of BS logic is this 
