I have 3 grandkids. I don’t want to have to tell them that when we had chance to set the world on a better path, we failed to #ActOnClimate.
We need to tackle #climatechange bc the stakes are too high—& consequences are too devastating—to leave this problem to future generations.
But since taking office, @POTUS has ignored science and put interests of his friends in fossil fuel industry ahead of safety of our planet.
That's cuz fossil fuel is good for the economy!!
How great was the economy when gas was at $5/gallon? Seemed to not be a huge boom as I recall.
That was for a totally different reason moron 
Doesn't matter. Fossil fuels are a finite source that continue to get more expensive to get which will cause costs to go up. 1/2
Actually fossil fuels are much cheaper than renewable energy but whatever
are you a climate scientist or a geologist... probably not ,when you think you know everything about the climate ...think again
Currently...
Wait til that monster iceberg melts
The human race to the earth is like a flea on an elephant
Mwhahaha....
That is blatantly false. There is zero evidence of any cataclysmic or existential threat to or planet, only speculation. That is a fact.
I live under constant existential anxiety over an ailing planet, failing government, and the fact that the GOP does NOTHING to stop it.
I can fully get on board with you on the second and third points.  
If you've got any good remedies for existential angst, I'm listening. I'm waiting for my big dose of justice from the FBI.
You mean from the meeting Jr had with the Russian lawyer?
The entire Trump/Republican Regime--making $ from office, fraud, lies, stolen election, conspiracy, Kakistocracy, creeping fascism.
Say species or humans. Planet is too much for the right to grasp. It sounds too conspiracy like. They have to have it brought home for them.
Climate change is an existential threat to humans. That’s a fact. We will die. We will die soon. Our own grandchildren will feel the misery.
In Tirana Albania yesterday helping water trees stressed from heat and drought, mayor said he believes in Climate Change but wont tweet
Little Ice Age ended 1870 and CO2 in atmosphere has increase by 1 trillion molecules per sqkm avg and you think its the end of world.
What a load of crap. Warmer is better than cooler especially for the poor and CO2 makes a greener planet.
So, then, you've given up your own use of fossil fuels and gone carbon neutral?
I agree completely and we need to prepare ourselves right now You need emergency equipment, food, water, etc
about it and everyone laughed, Trump withdrawing from #ParisAgreement  has made the US the laughing stock of the world
I wish there was more being done here in Ontario We have solar & wind but little if any public transit in small towns
Not a fact.
I sincerely hope you're positioning yourself for a 2020 run. Puhleez!
Funny as the planet survived billions of years of climate change already what supposes you to believe suddenly it cant now?
Only if you're talking about the next ice age.
The planet has been through many cycles of change and is doing fine
So man can control the climate? I doubt you can even control your bowel movements..

Senator, one problem @ a time! We are exhausted, SIR Let's get rid if this deranged psychopath & his thugs 1st.
Even if we reduced the carbon to zero we must still deal with the changes to our climate that will take time to reverse
Try stopping a hurricane and see how far you get
Al, we NEED to get Trump and Fri ends out of office. Counting on u to do everything in your power.
According to #Trump and kellyanne it's #alternativefacts, which is shameful.  Mother Earth Just Called, She Wants Her Planet Back.
its also a fact that handicapped are being thrown from wheelchairs by police in ohio where is dem leadership on this?
Yea it's a fact that they are throwing old people and handicap people into the river and the lake. This must stop!
I agree they should be strapped into wheelchairs and rolled off of cliffs. Only the Dems are clean and pure. We must stop them at all costs
Roll their asses out of office for good!!
And Al Franken is literally a joke elected by fools.
#AGWIsRubbish Junk science is an existential threat to the planet. That's a fact!
A basic observation with no solution
Republicans tend not to be existentialists. (Just saying).
Nope
denial doesn't change the evidence
Where's the evidence
In hundreds if not thousands of papers in highly regarded scientific journals. Not on Sports Center, unfortunately.
Hundreds and thousands of papers refute it
That's objectively false.
No it's not
Are you familiar with the term "blackbody radiation"? Because if you're not, your opinion on this issue matters as much as a tit on a boar.
Serious question - at what point will the rest of the civilized world feel compelled to impose sanctions on the US to force action on CC?
Then get your facts straight
Climate change has been happening for millions & millions & millions of years. What do you plan on doing about it? Tax it into stopping?

You shoulda thrown your superdelegate might behind Bernie.  Now look what we have to deal with.
You're right, it is an existential threat. It's humanity imagining the sky is falling and acting while scientifically illiterate.
Yeah, the ice age was pretty rough.
Yes, climate change is a growing threat that needs to be acted on quickly. #climatechange #ActOnClimate #ClimateAction
it's also a complete lie. But meh.....
Real shame you have to keep saying this over and over.
So is Trump
So is Donald Trump.
Climate change also threatens our economy and way of life.
Thank you for service to our country and your support of the environment!
Yep try population control. 8 billion people in the world I'm sure their poop warming things up. No one looks at that
What's our best next step? #TheYellowstoneCalderaProject is one proposal to consider https://climatecolab.org/contests/2017/energy-supply/c/proposal/1333962 … Would you support YCP Senator?
It is a tangible threat
Someone might want to inform @marcorubio before the ocean swallows Florida and he loses his job.
I think the current administration is a bigger threat
Look at some photos of the American Indians waters. They are clear and the land is green. They have nothing and yet protect Mother Earth
Well duh.
As is @realDonaldTrump
I think the planet will be fine.  Climate change shld take a back seat to Brazil cutting down the Amazon Rainforest!  Do something abt that!
And it's accelerating... quickly.
u should probably tell the U of AL, Huntsville climate change is a fact. They don't think it is & theyre all rocket scientists.
when did global cooling (Time Magazine 1971) become global warming? Why the rename to "climate change" if we know it's warming?
Finally, someone who knows what's going on.
But, but what about the debt we're leaving to our grandchildren?!
4.54 billion years of geological history say that's bunk.
Hello POT this is KETTLE....we (any intelligent, caring human being) know this, convince your colleagues

Can we get the TRump regime outta here?
Yes,it http://is.Science  is fact
Thank you Al, please continue to inform those on The Hill about that!
i get the feeling the WH keeps retreating from one line of defense to the next - now the technical definition of the word "collusion" -
That is not a fact,that is cetain people's opinon
So is Trump. #ImpeachTrump #climatechange #ParisAgreement
So is the @Potus. The @Potus is an easier problem to solve right now. Get started.
...so very true!
A planet that has survived asteroid impacts, supervolcano eruptions, & ice ages is going to be KILLED by carbon dioxide?

Bullshit.
Go ahead, claim that we're on the verge of turning the earth into Venus. I DARE YOU.
Thanks Captain Obvious!!
Wear some more sun block Al.   I'm lovin' the climate change.
Sir, it's really frustrating that of all things, something as factual as science is being dismissed by power hungry politicians & companies
Unless you're 45 in which case you have all the facts and science doesn't matter.  #25thAmendmentNow
You spinners on your own churns are hypocrites in traffic, to WASTE.  The threat is not well-defined, by you.  Ur RIOT makes heat.  CONFESS!
Hypocrisy pads consumption by fraud, which heats the planet, without proper direction of law enforcement, at an environment-killing RIOT.
When you babies in makeup do ACA, the Russians, Kochs, R-tards concoct years of spin for YOU, not me.  Preach to a choir you ripped off, Al.
¿what are you doing about
1—US Dept of War among worst polluters
http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2017-05-23/enviros-are-ignoring-elephant-room-us-military-world%E2%80%99s-largest-polluter …
2—East Coast war games
Only one in 20 thinks otherwise. #G20Summit #g20
We are the village idiot. Letting china and europeans take leadership away from us. #sad
And denying it + enabling it constitute crimes against humanity. Feel free to offer that to Scott Pruitt and the idiot in the oval.
As long as trump and his destructive cabinet are in office we are doomed they ALL have to go.
No. It's a threat to humans.  The planet will go on without us.
One day - in the not-so-distant future - the children will ask why WE didn't take care of their earth.
So is @POTUS & the "family brand".
With all due respect, not so much our planet as our species. Old Terra is gonna keep on spinning in its orbit with or without us.
Climate change is created by the governments to control & tax people & corporations. This world has been corrupted by #money!
And NDTyson says, "The good thing about Science is that it's true whether you believe it or not." So there it is. #fact
Global warming to global cooling now we will call it climate change. Do we have a impact on it? Yes. But let's not over sensationalize.
Maybe we should start with not developing every tract of land we come across.
No, senator, it's the GOP. And THAT'S a fact.
Liberals are an existential threat to America.
Unfortunately a moron is our president. That's a fact.
But it's a threat to us and a few million other species, not the planet. Earth will go on. We might not.
you are delirious
Ok you are totally versed on the subject REALLY.......Not

2020 just run already
Too bad you also sold out to Monsanto, which  is destroying the health of our soil and water, not to mention killing people.
Cattle farming is destroying land and depleting water faster.
To the future of OUR SPECIES * on the planet... Life can go on without human beings... 
Sen. with all due respect DJT, is currently the  typhoon.
And so are Asteroids...
-And a very real one.
For a second there, I thought you were describing Donald Trump and the GOP..."existential threat" describes much of what we face these days.
Not if you are @SenatorMRoberts. He doesn't do facts, only "empirical evidence". Even then, it is disputable. #climatechange #ClimateAction
Thanks Al. Whose decade are we in now? I lost track.
It always has been over the eons
And so is @realDonaldTrump as long as @GOP keeps him in office.
Not if you're a brainwashed corporate religious zealot impenetrable to facts and common sense!
Democratic senators who lobby against vaping & safer alternatives while pocketing MSA payola is the real threat to people and the planet.
Nah, the planet will be just fine. People will be screwed.
With 51% of all emissions, deforestation, famine coming from animal agriculture... please tell the world the truth before it is too late.
The problem is, cult members often deny reality, for tRUMP Cult45 members, this is a hoax
We need international sanctions against "Rogue States" threatening human life on Earth:
http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_59318952e4b02478cb9aed6e …
Nope.it's a threat to life as it exists... destruction of plants gonna take a lot more than climate change. So if u are scared about Ur life
Then do something rather than tweeting about it. Everyone knows ... We don't need u to point it out. DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT
Climate change occurs continuously.  That’s a fact.
So's Donald Trump.
The only real threat to the planet is the most arrogant animal to ever inhabit it. Humans!!!
It's even worse than you think Senator:
The planet will survive. In 10K-15K years it will recover. Humankind is a whole other story. May the next intelligent life do better than us
President 2020
Obviously, the last clown circus wasn't enough for you...
The Biggest Deception In History https://mobile.twitter.com/pplonia/status/884570423668506624?p=v …
100% clean energy now
How did I live so long as to see Ignorance celebrated as a virtue...ffs "Alt Facts" are they kidding?
I don't know how you deal w/all of this ignorance and denial.  Makes it hard to fix it.
And in America, its economic effects will be felt most severely in the South.
The , his trained monkeys & cult still think the earth is flat, but hey, they will be protected with tin hats & ice cold foolaid
Enjoying your 'Giant . . ' book.
Either way..... You're a Putz.
Just how Deep State are you Al? You don't actually push this Pap, Crap+Claptrap on Your children, do you?
Weird #GlobalWarming evolution of our "dormant" plum tree...after 15+ yrs, FRUIT! #NotAHoax
Take a trip to Asia. You'll swear the planet is already screwed. Anyone still denying is beyond delusional and not intellectually honest.
Yes it will.
Climate change is a fact. #COLLUSION by #Trump campaign is a fact. @GOP complicity is a fact. #TrumpRussia #TrumpJr
Factz be a funny thing....
climate change is not in the bible or the constitution.
My husband and I want you to run for President. Also, I agree with you about climate change.
And your pick for VP.....
So that's why you kissed Hillary, Queen of Petrol donations ass during the 2016 primary?
As is Trump.
When you use words like "existential," you lose 3/4 of your audience. From a 1/4 fan. 
Climate change is flaming under #TheHill
Trump is the existential threat to our planet. That's fact
Nigga please
Libtard Logic is anathema to critical thinking
, Jack!
The next thing you're going to tell me is that Man is more than 6,000 years old. Stop it ... my head's gonna explode! Enjoying your book BTW
Yes it is, and EVERYONE should act together for humanity and survival of the human race. And Polar Bears, and a million other species. 
Trump is an existential threat to our planet also. Also, a fact. Let's help the planet and impeach trump and family!
Nah man it's just a hot summer. But seriously we all are going to die if we don't do something. Problem is ppl don't change until a crisis.
No kidding. I'm a utility worker in the Central Valley of CA. Late June & July so far have been ~100F+. Senator, I'm sweating my ass off. 
http://www.npr.org/sections/parallels/2017/07/09/535754962/while-corals-die-along-the-great-barrier-reef-humans-struggle-to-adjust …  It's real.  WE are the problem.
Technically it's just an existential threat to us. The planet is going anywhere
Pingaaaa
You can't
Climate change explain moron
Understanding that requires an educated population. Education has been under assault. An ignorant population is easier to control.
Shout it from the top of the capital dome, Senator.
Indeed it is and deserves fast action.
It's really having an effect on the #WhiteHouse, it's getting unbelievably hot in there 
Wrong al baby it is an opinion not fact. Give me on piece of verified scientific data that exists
I'd go through 3 hurricanes, instead of a press conf. of huckabee... She  the beep beep out of me! SNL , Gary Busey, huckabee.
So is Trump.
Trump is a plain old threat to the world.  Please do something before it's too late.
There are facts on the other side of your agenda driven hysteria, and you refuse to even listen, That's "A Lying Liar that Lies..."
Wrong
Just finished your book loved it. Kept me laughing
Respectfully, @SenFranken right now our republic is under attack by tyrant. Why don't you concentrate on cleaning out the White House?
I love you!!! You are such a hunk when you talk about science facts behind climate change. Muscled brain by science is what you have...Sexy!
Not like nuclear weapons! Can climate destroy entire biosphere? I don't think so. It is cataclysmic but not existential. Nukes a worse risk.
Everyday, everywhere to everyone, except the GOP of the USA.
You're and "existential threat to our planet"! Sush up Stuart!!!
As dangerous as DJT
Please tell the President
So is Trump.

Unfortunately u r dealing with a group of idiots that don't believe in science, educ, healthcare, fair taxes, 2018 has 2 b a turning point
Reading your latest book. Can't put it down!
It's going to*be a slog, Much-Devastation 'Action-Reaction' you've damaged a*lot, Prepare grandchildren for the reality they'll Understand 
If a conservative came up with it, instead of Al Gore. Would it still be a major threat lol?
Yes it is..just look at the corals all over the world. It's sad.
