@mwest410 interesting that Al Franken knows the basic issues of education. Did he learn them from skits on SNL?
I wanted to believe you'e interested in dialog,but I see today,you are http://not.You 're just a bitter soul,too toxic for me
sorry for coming at you from a non-ideological point of view.  I know that's tough for you to comprehend
Well done, Senator. As usual. Thank you for advocating for reason and for public education.
Not surprisingly considering her complete lack of qualifications.
Gobsmackingly ignorant. Negative qualifications. A chimpanzee would be more qualified.
Mindless progressive sheep, following their propaganda.  That's why Dems only have all control of 4 states now.
BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA *shits on your lawn*
not any sheep*shit on my lawn* too many wolves around here.  Glad to hear that is what progressives admit to.
*bleeds foul contaminated progressive blood all over your wolf, drags self into your foyer to expire on carpet*
you are a funny person!
@marylougeorge2 ~I would be better for the job than her  & all I've done is be a stay at home Mom for 20 years for 6 children.
You are definitely more qualified. You go sista!
~Thank you! Education just upsets me like nothing else. Bring back Home Ec., arts & music. Keep a child busy.
People forget how many people make their living in the arts. It's worthwhile. Artists represent our culture to the world.It feeds our spirit
From a teacher:
Proficiency = % mastery of a given objective 
Growth = improvement over a set period of time (Year, semester)
#DeVosHearing
everybody knows that.
Except for DeVos @SenFranken
Thanks for your hard work! This woman should never be anywhere near education department.  She's scary
Please help make sure she doesn't get confirmed. I think she is the most troubling of any of trumps selection & potentially most dangerous
It's very troubling for sure, she isn't qualified!
She has absolutely no business occupying this seat! She is unqualified. Hell my dog is more qualified than she will ever be!
we should all be deeply trouble. I'm concerned as a mother and a special educator.
Franken gets off on embarrassing women,thought we were all American,I didn't vote for do nothing Obama but he was still pres
@zehenders that'll do pig...that'll do
I'm deeply troubled u barely won ur first Senate race ur still a senator. Hypocrite go trump

Check out this shout out to you in "Minnesota" song
Don't let us down!
Did u really expect her to distinguish btwn proficiency & growth?   Come on, give her a softball Q like red light - green light.
thank you from a PA teacher and Toomey constituent!  #JustSayNoToomey #dumpDeVos
- Thank you greatly for holding Mrs. De Vos's and other potential cabinet members' feet to the fire. Keep fighting; we will, 2.
is Betsy de Vos smarter than a fifth grader
@Newyorker2212 she must not be confirmed and it's an INSULT  to Senate and citizens that Trump has sent such unprepared picks
@aefadul22 Me Too
Michigan says NO to Devos!
your questions to her left her babbling. good job. keep it up. Thanks Al!
Providence,R.I. Student walk out 11:08 AM. Date of election 11/09
@greenspaceguy i wonder if she knows 1+1=2
@The_Deatons Dolores Umbridge is more qualified!
@GeeGeeAkili Thank you, Senator. You are rocking it!
Very troubling 
She was nominated to be the one to tear the department down. Each nominee is uniquely suited to wrecking their department.
That does seem to be the common "strength" among these nominees, doesn't it?
Yes. They're being installed to dismantle the Federal government department by department.
That is the "Tea Party's" mission, remember ... 
@usageb170 Working on my sign for march in Santa Ana, Calif
Gr8 sign Thx!
Spread the get involved now, & the next 4-years are critical!  Thanks!
I get out there and encourage others to have the courage to get involved Do dare!in their own best way!
Mortifying but not surprising. #cronyism #paytoplay
Nobody told her there would be a quiz...
why hell yes! Should be troubling to all Americans but unfortunately many think things fake that don't  support their ideology
Great job Senator. Now let's hope the GOP was listening and doesn't vote for her. How can anyone in good conscience vote her in?
I am deeply troubled by her and everybody else he's nominated. And the fact that he is now the president of the 
Basic issues, she's unfamiliar with basic WORDS! She's got problems before we even start talking about issues.
If she were just a little smarter, she would be known as the #BillionaireBimbo
I'm in education and was listening to parts of her testimony. Please do not confirm her.
@hwhlj321 these things a student teacher would blush not knowing...SHE DOES NOT CARE ABOUT EDUCATION
How Con Artists Work
@NightShade10 Everyone of his picks is completely off.  If GOP confirms them, they better be ready to lose the house and Senate.
I hope America is ready to organize, get people registered to vote,car pool to polls,& put our backs in2 voting
It's a shame it took this mess to snap everyone out of it
we're not done yet, there's a lot of work 2b done for the next 2 years when we have another midterm for Congres
You were awesome Senator!
Well at least Betsy does know enough about US public schools to not send her kids to them like the Obamas.
Please, please, PLEASE do not allow this woman to destroy our public education system.
@pizzmoe Al, you are doing a wonderful job
@Martina  Ah that ole GOP efficiency
@Martina She came off looking pretty lost on basic questions. She is clearly not acceptable for position. But GOP will confirm.
deeply troubled, "but not surprised"...
the next democrat president is really gunna have their work cut out for them returning sanity to the federal government.
Thank You for being A Voice for USA!Don't Stop Hammering on The Takers.There are a Handful of Billionaires&the Rest of Us Need U
It appears to be that DeVos purchased a job with which to pursue the termination of public education.
sir you schooled her ass hard
please fight "Grizzly" DeVos' confirmation. She's unfit. #noDevos #TheResistance
Say "NO" to DeVos, who has dropped her money around to push ignorant, dangerous goals. 10 /12  voting Sen.'s received her $$.
Thank you, Sen.Franken. Stand strong!
kinda makes sense given she was nominated by someone  lacking basic information on human decency
@Martina Deeply troubled she is a scheming and conniving threat to the education of our children.
.@SenFranken Thank you for your work on exposing her incompetence.
.@SenFranken hey can you please for the love of whoever in heaven run in 2020?
@Martina Well crap another unqualified #GOPIDIOT - no surprise there
& @amyklobuchar  I (ur constituent) am deeply concerned about ALL the nominees!
You're too kind, Sen. Franken. As a former educator, I can honestly say she is completely clueless.
Thank you for the excellent questioning sir. You were given 5 minutes & you showed us all just how inept #BetsyDeVos is. 
"Deeply troubled"?? Senator, this @nbcsnl sketch practically writes itself...
more deeply troubled that deVos' brother is founder of Blackwater & advising Trump "in shadows".
don't let her off the hook...children's future depends on it
Are you really surprised???
200 million to the GOP  doesn't bring a couple of years of OJT?
@pissandvinegar1 Always fun to watch Stuart Smalley kick republican ass! Thanks Senator!!
Thanks, Al...you were awesome!! Thanks for helping save our country.
@ResurgentFilmLA U did an amazing job with her and loved your Benghazi comment. She probably did understand that either
@granny_st Al, would you consider running 4 the presidency in 2020? Please!
#potentialgrizzlies "and that's all I gotta say about that..."
@BrianPaulStuart you're amazing! Great job in the hearings!
Education is not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a fire. William Yeats. I am sure Ms. DeVos has no mastery of this.
Thank you Senator Franken  for asking ALL the right questions.BRAVO.
It's been known for a while that the goal of the GOP is the elimination of public education.
Indeed,  the GOP want education only for the rich.
I'm a public school teacher and the fact that she doesn't know the difference btwn proficiency and growth is SCARY!
Nothing about the 2016 election indicates that #Trump or FBI followed the law. Void election @SenFranken @timkaine http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/the-domestic-conspiracy-that-gave-trump-the-election_us_587ed24fe4b0b110fe11dbf9 …?
if only we could! He can't get away with this not my President ever
I implore you not to confirm DeVos based on her lack of basic knowledge of educational pedagogy!
thx. Not competent
apropos of nothing #AON you, sir would make an excellent Felix Leiter on the next Bond movie
Senator, the nation owes you tremendous gratitude for being a great public servant during the hearings. Thank you.
You did good !
@PWM62 thank you Senator you and the rest did a great job showing how incompetent DeVos for this job.
Excellent job, Mr. Franken! Proud to be a Minnesotan!
. Trump loves the uneducated.
Thanks for making sure qualified individuals run government.
Well let's face it. She's had no connection with public education in her life.
- But she had such a "Betsy" smile while she showed herself to be deeply uninformed. Reminded me of a beauty pageant contestant.

None of his nominees are worth a hill of shit.
Not one
Are you also deeply troubled that russia interfered in America's election? Haven't heard you say one thing about it. #injustice
thank you for being there for us.
Well done, Al.  @wonderfullone
How does your head not explode? Thank you for your dedication.
I have to agree with you about her. But I should be able to choose where my child goes to school
DeVos must not be confirmed! I watched the hearing today. Her seat was empty. Was she there!
keep up there pressure on confirmations #NoFreeLunch for the 1%
@ikassemdallas so don't go to the inauguration
60+ million Americans are deeply troubled by ALL of Trump's appointees. DeVos is unquestionably unqualified. #DeVosHearing scary
so am I very troubled! If she is nominated I will lose all hope in our government
Reminds me of an old #Garfield toon, where Garfield says "there are other species?" DeVos=ThereArePublicSchools?
@Varidienne well she's poorly educated
@esd2000  why ...she will pray about it and put some Amway on it and she will just be richer
why would you expect her to be an expert when Rick Perry and Ben Carson do not even know what their departments are.
she's incompetent like her master cheeto
Purty smile tho.
I wish the GOP were honest enough to ask these fair questions. Thank you Sen. Franken for doing your job for the American ppl!!
.@SenFranken She probably hasn't ever even stepped foot inside a public school.
you are not alone
I'd be amazed if Betsy DeVos could open a ziploc bag!
As a retired educator, it really, really scary.
as you should be! We all are!
Thank you for advocating for us. We appreciate it.
Every one of Drumpf's picks are designed to either demolish the agency they head, profit off it, or both.
we're all deeply troubled and not just about DeVos.
great job!!
like you lack of "remembering" you own stock in Philip Morris too? 

https://grabien.com/file.php?id=151187 …
I have to say I'm impressed with you, sir.No grandstanding, just to-the-point ?'s from informed/concerned Senator. Sincere bravo
I am troubled by the fact that you are a big disappointment by not supporting the progressive candidate that led to this shit.
Watched live: troubling, indeed. Isn't there an expectation that a candidate be familiar with topical issues? #UnsuitableToLead
I emailed Senator Brown my concerns! Senator Portman will be tonight. Portman never responds! #NoBetsy#Clueless
I have yet to figure out why DeVos is #Trump's pick for Edu, other than the fact that #Trumpie's insane.
Keep the heat on Senator.
your questions were fantastic!!!! Thank you!!!
simple explanation, it's gotta be that private school education, why else?
you are absolutely right
Thank you for your line of questioning and showing us just how little DeVos understands. Please find a way to black her!
we're all watching and are disbelief at her answers. Dept Ed is in trouble with her in charge.
you were awesome. Franken for President
I'm in!
u did great! She couldn't possibly be more wrong!
I love the poorly educated even the ones with money. God bless the Democratic congress
more troubling: she doesn't care enough to learn the basic issues in education.
The questions she got from Sen Warren and her smugness .... it is a huge lack of knowledge, financial responsibility and respect for all!
just another sad example that Trump's cabinet was picked based on net worth and not on experience.
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/the-domestic-conspiracy-that-gave-trump-the-election_us_587ed24fe4b0b110fe11dbf9 …?
Betsy DeVos was only nominated because of her brother Erik Prince's connection to Trump
The domestic conspiracy that gave Trump the election is in plain sight http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/the-domestic-conspiracy-that-gave-trump-the-election_us_587ed24fe4b0b110fe11dbf9?ncid=engmodushpmg00000004 … via @HuffPostBlog
She only took tips...
@GDerosia
As an educator, I thank you. I am so scared for the future of education in the US. Our children deserve better than #BetsyDeVos
This comes as no surprise.
@ckleppec agree! She appears to be totally unprepared for such an important job!
WHY would a woman with no education degree and no experience teaching be unfamiliar with education issues?  The mind boggles.
Thank you for speaking up for us, Senator Franken.
give her hell, sir. Give 'em all hell.
@jmcminn1076 oh really?I'm deeply troubled by the fact that neither u nor any other Imperial Senator objected to Electoral crime
.@SenFranken "troubled" & "concerned" don't land w the public anymore-made Hillary look robotic.Time for frank TOUGH words from @SenateDems
I never would have imagined that one of "Jerry's kids" would be one of the heroes fighting to save Public Education. Thank you.
but for gods sake protect the kids from Grizzlies I'm like #lgbtexit fast!
thank you!
@rweingarten you Never attended public school! How are you an authority? What the hell AL?
.@SenFranken @StribLopez Any comment on President Obama commuting Private Manning's sentence? Has any MN media outlet asked you?
I'm a middle school public teacher. From the bottom of my heart, thank you for your work on our behalf.
Great job senator.
save us from this appointment! As a former school board member, I'm better qualified for this than she is, dammit.
@HalSherman Thank you for your good work and persistence!
THAT troubles you? Trump has limited vocabulary, poor reading skills & nearly zero comprehension & attention span.
"If you think education is expensive, try ignorance." - Derek Bok
Not Qualified! Big Donation $ got her nominated. #DeVosHearing
She has no standing to be education secretary. Please keep fighting with all that you have.
Im glad you brought up her anti-#lgbt history - @BetsyDeVos does not belong in charge of the education of our children #TheResistance
DeVos got the job because her brother Erik Prince was part of the conspiracy with the FBI. PLEASE READ:

great job yesterday, as a retired educator I encourage all to reject her nomination 4 the sake of our kids, she is unqualified!
thanks
Thank you.
Thank you. 
Thank you.
    
Keep holding her feet to the fire. She is unqualified and will destroy public education #TheResistance
Top issue in education is preventing our children from being EATEN BY BEARS! Haters have pro-bear-mauling-chidren agenda!
thank you for working for the people. Minnesota - and the rest of our nation - is so fortunate to have you standing up for us.
Thank you for working to protect our kids from someone who knows nothing about education. #Growth
The nation is supporting DeVos and Trump,  and in Minnesota,  LOTS OF SUPPORT. Lie and grandstand at your political peril.
just turned on the hearings don't want to miss a second of your questioning – you are the best
DeVos is not qualified?Perhaps if she was an actor an comedy writer,  that is truly being qualified to guide the nation.  LMFAO.
According to Sen Isakson, Price is qualified because he is a doctor. Therefore an educator should run the Dept. of Ed.
you were extremely rude to Ms. Devos yesterday.  Will your legacy be increased bipartisanship at cabinet hearing meetings?
Thank you for your work on this issue. Please do not allow this unqualified person run a vital department of our country.
Thank you for standing up the children of America.
, do you have that information available on a non-Facebook service?
arrogant man, never gave her a chance to finish asking for clarification of his vague question!
DeVos is not qualified. She does not have the experience or knowledge needed. Thank you for your diligence.
How in the world does she not know what IDEA is and understand how important it is?
Every DoE nominee who doesn't know IDEA should be given a special needs baby in need of adoption on the way out the chambers.
I'm sure she's very familiar with the process of bilking students out of their future income through high educational costs. @SenFranken
In '10, Bloomberg hired social peer Cathie Black to run NYCPS. She was so unqualified, she needed a_waiver_from Commish of Ed.
The job is for sale, and she's the high bidder so far.#despairanddisgust
Excellent questions re: DeVos. U of Mich prof Stephen L. DesJardins is an intl. expert on these issues. U should talk to him.
Thank you for challenging DeVos' qualifications. The 80s didn't work out so well; let's give you 2020 as a new decade
.@SenFranken Thanks for standing up for education, and LGBT folks ... and reason.
#How did the people elect a fool like you?
VOTE NO TO DEVOS!!!
Is it true that DeVos will finally get our kids #1 pencils? For years, they've been told to use #2's. Make pencils great again.
Thank you for making it glaringly obvious that B.DeVos has no business having anything to do with education, scary.
Pls,hlp us.Why not Prs.O' reduce student loans 2principle &split it4ways, Fed,Bank,State&Student &let state lawapply
the GOP's sustainability depends on poorly educated students.  Thank you for advocating for the parents and students!
@jo_revelette I watched it and fully agree. Her only experience is bad. The schools in MI.are a mess. This is Pay for Play.
