Read my full public comment in opposition of @FCC's proposal to destroy internet as we know it: https://www.franken.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=3738 … #NetNeutrality
Right, better to have the government do it
1) The government DOESN'T do it. It isn't the government controlling the Internet, they just provide the rules providers must follow.
2) Without #NetNeutrality corporations can make their own rules & pricing. This will allow them to bar content as they see fit, and
3) they can charge much higher prices for the services we have now. If there was more competition #NetNeutrality wouldn't be necessary.
But having all media controlled by six giant corporations is okay?
Pretty sure he didn't imply that.
Not accusing him of implication. Subtle criticism that no one voices the underlying problem of corporate monopolization of our democracy
I believe corporatism and democracy have been on a collision course for decades and we must now decide which way we will go as a nation.
The attempt to co-op net neutrality is yet another battle in a larger darker war. Not separate but symptomatic
Yet with 2 of our 3 branches of government compromised it remains to We The People to rescue the promise of our beloved country
If we lose the net we cannot trust our communication with one another. Our freedom of speech is compromised.
Ironic that money is speech but internet freedom is not. I rest my case.
That will be the day I cancel all internet services. netflix, Hulu, Amazon, the backlash would be huge. We have buying power.in numbers.
I am considering the same thing. I would just use my cell, under the one company that forced AT&T & Verizon to offer better plans. :)
That's why we need to keep you in the Senate! You get my vote every time. Wait, I live in the south. Damn.
Civil forfeiture without conviction is evil.  If read http://www.archives.gov/founding-docs/declaration-transcript … , you should understand why.  Declaration discusses Justice
Really? Apparently they pay to pick and choose the legislation that get passed...
Like other authoritarian countries who limit access to information.  SMH
Amendment Seven bans binding arbitration agreements where the value in controversy is greater than amount mentioned Amendment Seven
I have no idea what this tweet means
Reinstate the fairness doctrine
"Would?" It has! Old news. You are in there. Change it!
Replace "giant corporations" with "government" = still true
But a law, say like the ACA, that forces us to buy what we may not want or need is just fine.
What else is new?
#NetNeutrality now and forever!
Thank you! deciding what content is available to everyday Americans should be left the bureaucrats in Washington.
WE, the people, if we united could make the internet highway a ghost town.Facebook, twitter would tank. Banks would have paperwork again.
I'm all for that.
We need tighter regs on Hedge Funds and synthetic derivatives, eliminate political pacs and not4profits and get Wall St. Out of healthcare
how so?
Our next president, LEAD US !
Yes. The supreme leader should be the only one controlling the media. #MAGA
US Congres is controlled by big companies and lobbyists.
Freedom and human rights are just words.
Start impeachment
Say what you mean stop doing your tight 5 and do your new job.
Who would this be possible. Idiots like Scalli Roberts Alito Thomas  who approved Citizen United.
Especially given that everyday Americans paid for the damn thing.
Civil Forfeiture without conviction is theft by government.  Amendment Five bans.
Congress should audit Federal Reserve, veto decisions Federal Reserve whenever it wants. Congress gets to fire members Federal Reserve
The power to coin money and regulate its value beings solely to Congress.  Constitution bans President from choosing Federal Reserve members
Require a la carte pricing for cable. Regulate cable prices, etc. Net neutrality falls under regulation of commerce -  Final say Congress.
Congress has power regulate cable companies, internet providers, cellphones,   Break up Comcast.  At least force spinoff NBC, movie studio
Isn't that what dictator trump wants?
Bless you for all your hard work.
Agree
Just like big time politicians, they tell us what will get them voted in. The basic American is always getting hoodwinked.
It's been happening for 100 years
Thats what they are doing now douchebag
Can we Americans have the same insurance that you as a member of congress has?
Apparently America is becoming a 3rd world country
Sounds like china!
Amen to that!
Then go after INSURANCE COMPANIES!
Allowing foreign ownership & control of our media  has already damaged us. Lying to damage a political opponent should be a felony.
But allowing only two giant parties to pick and choose the laws that govern all Americans makes perfect sense, right?
Story in the Washington Post says Donald Trump wants to hire mercenaries to fix Afghanistan is this true
Title II please!
Get TV shows to invite Republicans to pitch there Tax Cut on TV and how it improves healthcare for all
Even though giant libertarian corp heads like Koch & Mercer r buying the GOP & determining our laws. Hmmm I see a pattern here.
Just imagine if only a few corporations controlled nearly the entire flow of information available to typical Americans... oh wait...
Welcome to the Chinese States of America. Or maybe, more fittingly, the Russian States of America.
Not to worry...wikileaks is available to all
Is this still a democracy? OR is that just FAKE NEWS It's not at all amusing. Trump is crazy, Congress is dissociating
But then again that's what he's been trying to do his whole life he is a power-hungry paranoid schizophrenic psychopath
If #POTUS had his way corporations would be running the world and if we didn't work for the corporation we would be nothing
Having a Russian Stooge as our President pretty much does the same thing..Impeaching him takes care of the Net neutrality..
freedom of information should extend to the internet, there ought to be baseline internet free to all citizens.
Run for President in #2020
community college, 38 yrs ago=Economics 101=monopolies hurt the majority of society/98%...that's why they were illegal
Case-in-point: The "social media" fiasco of 2016 elections. Just a "taste" of what can happen when others control the content of our "news"
...advertising, safety-issues... Weaponizing social media = Traitor in the WH. Why do you think they want to open door for more corruptness?
Facebook knows more about "you" than your family knows...per data collection. In the wrong hands (Putin/Trump/etc.) they use it against u.
#NetNeutrality means an internet where anyone with a good idea can succeed. Without it, huge ISPs choose the winners and losers instead.
well then we have to get money out of politics cause that is what is happening now. Rs do not care about the USA only money
Also having mafia in the White House threaten basic principles of our democracy
We don't want them choosing for us or mining our data either thank you. See pages 4/5 #NAFTA negotiation objectives; brazen overreach.
Tell that to your senate minority leader. He lies to your constituents ALL THE TIME!
Some will cheer the decline of America, but I think we will miss it when it's gone. 
@ChuckGrassley @SenJoniErnst Keep the Internet free...
Yes! Intolerable!!
Republicans don't give a shit about democracy, Al.
The actual President is doing it RIGHT NOW but nobody seems willing to stop him. When are his crimes criminal enough to stop him?! Come on!
Thank you for your work. I appreciate you took up the responsibility.
Kinda like forcing ppl to buy ACA or pay a fine. Or was that ok cause Big Gov sould be the only Monopoly?
Puke, puke, puke
Isn't called fascism

Saddam Hussein named names of opponents when he took power.  For the most part, they were never seen again.
@GregAbbott_TX - Is this the kind of Politician you want to emulate?  #GovernorIsMessingWithTexas #Authoritarian
Do you want to intimidate &  embarrass opponents rather than argue merits of your positions and convince people to vote your way? #Lazy
That's why I scribble detrimental vibes of everyday life. Nobody wants to be controlled on what they are absorbing.[sometimes good-mistakes]
Please submit legislation to neutralize the FCC's dishonorable and disgusting about face on something we all fought for, demanded and want!
Letting giant Corporations donate to politicians threatens the basic principles of our democracy
Right, instead, some nameless DC bureaucrats that aren't responsible to anyone should pick and choose.
Fund ACA!
Repeal ALL REAGAN era tax breaks.
Repeal ALL off shoring tax loopholes.
REPEAL Prince/Devos PRIVATE ARMY CONTRACT.
NO TAX CUTS!!
We tried to tell you before...
True!
Already happening senator
It already is AL and has been for years.
How is not removing the citizens united ruling a daily obligation and a fervent principle of operation?
Keep Fighting for us Al!
thought GOP said "the fed government is too big",or was that the @politico of turkey that said "Fed govt to big in US"#NetNeutrality
@dD94865242 #SenFrankinForPresident.
Trump, as a "giant corporation" is doing that very thing, through the office of President of the United States.
How do you distinguish between net neutrality and platforms that demonetize / shadowban ideas?
YOU BEING IN WASHINGTON IS A PATHETIC JOKE. AL FRANKEN'S A LYING PHONY CLOWN.KID ROCK FOR SENATOR.
The internet qualifies as a public utility.
Thank you @SenFranken !
Are you going to run for president
Holy shit can you imagine him in a debate with Trump
I want a scientist to run. Nye/DeGrasse Tyson 2020
Like @realDonaldTrump blocking citizens from his communication portal on the inter webs?
It's corporate feudalism, I tell ya. Countries and states are just figure heads. CEOs are the rulers.
Might as well be Russians at that point!
Respectfully-- The content of what?
No thanx Al, I choose Liberty...
Please protect us from Russia moving back on US soil into those compounds. Please stop 45. Please convince others to impeach now!
It seems they already do.
Sad to say it, but the day Chump was elected was the downfall of democracy. And it only gets worse...
...and yet it happens in many television markets right now.
#RESIST #NOREPEAL
This is why http://freespeechmarch.org  is pro-#NetNeutrality and Title 2. We hope you'll join us on 11/18, >@SenFranken!
They
Big business don't care about anyone but themselves.  It's time fight their greed.  http://Stopgreednow.com  has a blog with information
DT looks in the mirror and really believes he is good enough..........GAWD

Almost like letting giant multinational corporations like Glencorp pollute Lake Superior.
Mr. NEXT PRESIDENT !!!
Isn't that kinda what SuperPacs do?
So does not allowing our press corps to film the #whpressbriefing s every damn day. #WHpresscorps
The internet is to this cent was electricity was to the 20th. Esp with conserv co's like @WeAreSinclair taking over tv, we'll need the web!
Franken 2020!
You mean like CNN, MSNBC and The NY Times?                   Besides, the USOfA is NOT a Democracy! Our system is a Representative Republic.
@gnuman1979 giant corporations already threaten basic principles of democracy
It's cheaper to set a kid up on a street corner with drugs to sell, a gun to use than it is to give them net access and a tablet or laptop,
Agreed. So please ALSO push the FCC to tighten broadcast TV & radio ownership rules, preferably back to pre-1996 limits.
BUT they do this every day....just usually not with such robust, full-throttled GOP backing.
As opposed 2 having giant government choose the content of healthcare available 2 everyday americans threatens the principles of socialism
Oh please Senator Franken, who are you kidding???  This Democracy was sold out to Corporations long ago....Can you say Monsanto???  PLEASE..
So does having a Russian puppet president.  But government was bought and sold so doing nothing.  All legislation should be stopped.
Until investigation is done.  Worrying about net neutrality now is like watering your plants while your house is on fire.
Al, just finished your book. You talked about net neutrality. You have a clear understating of that issue and hence this issue. AF for POTUS
Welcome to the T-Rump Criminal Administration... Pushing President Fruit Cup Bannon's Agenda!! This is a Total Disgrace!!
Another reason why Americans can't wait a year for Bob Mueller to complete his investigation.
It's unamerican
So long as it's Fox & Sinclair - I'm down with it.   U know Rupert Murdoch was sent by the Lord to bring us Truth & Grade A titty pics.
Thank you, Senator! Proud that you represent me.
There are lots of things that threaten basic principles of our democracy. They're called republicans. #TheResistance
Yer right!  And that's why GOP wants to git-er-done!
#CorruptGOP  #GOPkillsUSA
So does Trump
Allowing giant federal regulatory agencies to control the internet would threaten basic principles of our republic.
Allowing the Federal Government to control and demand we buy health insurance threatened our Republic.
They already do - look at our corporate-owned, ratings-driven media. Part of why Americans are some of the most poorly informed citizens
Everything this administration is doing is threatening our democracy.
Allowing corporations to become giants is a losing property to begin with.
Current WH admin & GOP & DNC watching them systematically destroy democracy = bigger problem. All those corporations would be a close second
A site like Amazon w billions of users should have more bandwidth than a site devoted to neo-Nazi chicken porn w 2: Bannon and Miller
More resources are spent on highways than cul-de-sacs. More access should be given to more popular sites. Heavy users should pay more
Then why do we allow the medical insurance companies and government choose the content of our medical coverage?
I don't recognize this country anymore. The GOP and Trump are corrupt and evil as hell
Exactly right! Thanks for taking up this cause. Spread the word. #netneutrality #democracy #payattention
Have I mentioned that Frannie would make a wonderful First Lady?
That is Oligarchy
WE had better make damned well sure that libraries are saved, if the @GOP and Trump have their way, that will be our only way to find truth.
Thought you might be over there protesting criminal Sessions.
ALL indicators point to the @GOP as a Cult, and now they have a Cult leader.  Picking and choosing content of anything a prime cult focus.
As you have said and I  quoted to my students Net Neutrality is the First Amendment issue of our time.
Soylent Green in the making
Aka ALEC?
How about stopping the Sinclair takeover of Tribune Media also? They are putting trumpism propaganda in local news broadcasts now.
Exactly!!!
Our democracy is already threatened by anonymous fake news. Crooked senate like Maxine, Sanders the most recent and all the others.
Hopefully some Senators and Congresspersons can prevent that BS instead of tweeting their dismay.
That would be extra special to have someone with a spine working to shut down the trump regimes traitor and criminal acts.
So it's ok if small companies decide?
POTUS thinks it's AOK to meet with a hostile foreign government trying to influence our election so I guess anything goes now.
Our Country's been taken over by oligarchs. I think our democracy is already  threatened.
Yes to net neutrality.
Isn't that why Republicans want to do it?
Allowing Russia to take over our WH and our government threatens basic principles of our democracy, too!
Keep on fighting Al!
Sen will you please run for president? We need common sense not a self serving crook
yes yes yes.... keep going. We are with you.
Thats why this administration has got to go
