Dude, just run for President and deseat, the dingus in chief(yeah i read your book)!
Glad to hear you will appear on Bill Maher, the guy miss spoke and apologized many times.. He's no racist..
Here is @SenFranken's wonderful post, for those of you without Facebook.
Beautiful. I think something is really on the verge of happening now.
I adore @SenFranken !
That is so nice snowflake.
How bout #ANTIFA take over of #HennepinCo Govt Center & defacement of MN flag? Any comment? https://twitter.com/SonofLiberty357/status/897458211342700545 …https://mobile.twitter.com/search?q=Defacement+%40DebMatheny&src=typed_query …
Just BS: VIDEO=> Antifa Flag Raised Up Over Hennepin County Govt. Center in Solidarity with Charlottesville http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2017/08/video-antifa-flag-raised-hennepin-county-govt-center-solidarity-charlottesville/ …

More interesting is the sheriff are housed inside the Hennepin Co Govt Center and Sheriff Rich Stanek also represents @DHSgov! 
Is congress going to take action? I mean 45 and Bannon? Something? Also fact he melted down due to subpoenas? He's lost it! He's dangerous!
He is in a dark manic/depressive state. 
I'm not a Dr. But I did stay at a Holiday Inn Central last night.
Are you going to remove him? Fine words but he is dangerous to us all...
He can't do it alone, you know. He's also a member of the Senate's Minority Party. It's not like they can Impeach him without GOP votes!
Oh I know but it has to start somewhere, I'm shocked that there hasn't been more blowback really...
Strange how Ryan and McConnell haven't been more vocal...one comment from Ryan that I've seen.
It's not strange, to me. They're both trying to avoid being #Hellered by POTUS. 
Also-it just wouldn't do, to put their Koch Money in peril!
I was employing extreme sarcasm...I still remember how shocked I was at Ryan before DJT appeared. It's true that this quickly becomes normal
Yup. We're made for it-humans pretty much used 'Adapt, or die' as a survival mechanism.
So right...
B as in B, S as in S, another distortionist  lie about Trump, but you just can't help yourself as that is part and parcel to the far left.
Thank you, Senator Franken. If only @RepJasonLewis would follow your lead.
Thank you. #impeach #25thAmendment
Excuse me, sir, but when the hell are you going to run for president?
Thank you Senator. Please urge House to impeach/invoke 25th amend. @POTUS is a neo-Nazi willfully dividing our nation. A menace to us all.
Will DRUMPF, be IMPEACHED?

Any outrage on Maria Chappelle-Nadal, Dem State Senator, who wants POTUS assassinated. Oh yea, she's Black and her outrage is justified.
Republicans and Democrats agreeing to disagree with Trump is a step in the right direction. But there's a long road ahead.
Video of a West Point professor speaking about the causes of the Civil War
Al Franken, I think you're great! Keep speaking out.
http://www.history.com/topics/ku-klux-klan …  If only the Democrats hadn't created the KKK to begin with, perhaps we wouldn't be in the mess that we're in today.
Cmon. Quit playing the race card. I am so tired of you Dems simpleton framing of the issues. His statements were dead on period
Pelosi took 3 days to condemn Antifa. What about u? Do u disavow the violence carried city to city by Antifa? Your silence is deafening.
The M8dwest 8s full of racists. You all have no room to talk. #PhilandoCastile
White supremacists are jerks.  Comments on the non-whites and left leaning who attacked the protesters with weapons because of what they say
Action needed. Impeach or invoke 25 A now
Actually @realDonaldTrump was right there is hate on both sides and I appreciate him condemning ALL racism and bigotry. #AltLeft  #Antifa
FAKE. This is a terrible photoshop job. Not Antifa. Look at the KKK dude on the left. He stole his arm from the guy in the middle.
It's sickening that you will defend hate
I'm going to the State Fair and I hope I get to meet you.
Democrats: Now taking applications from sane, like-minded people who wish to move our country FORWARD.
We haven't heard one word of Russian election interference in several days now.  I think maybe we fell for the distraction , not accident.
Please don't let Trump and the GOP get away with saying MAGA anymore. Theres no longer any question what America he wants to bring back.
I heard on @NPR this morning that Robert e Lee did not want statues and monuments. He felt it best for country to heal properly......
Therefore, we should support Robert e Lee by tearing down the hate reminders of the past. Someone should let the south know
Thank you.
Do you condemn communists lowering/burning/replacing American flag right in your home state?
Republicans  condem it oh lucky while with g laws to create and practice institutonal  racism.do t leak them to dems
You mention 'makeshift clubs and shields,' which they did have, but they also were carrying rifles and automatic weapons.
Bravo!  Well done!
Yes he did!!
Please watch, RT.  There is no “I’m not political”. These ideas are in the WHITE HOUSE and must be addressed.
"Very fine people" don't march with torches chanting Nazi slogans. But Trump personally knows them well enough to vouch for their character.
haha ouch
#DrainTheDump
3 minutes to explain Donald Trump in absolute hysterics

https://youtu.be/ytcaPWmZf0Y 

Kremlin intelligence is manipulating the far-right. It’s time to push back. http://bit.ly/2fKHygs 
Do something about it as a group in congress. Time for being " sharply condemned" has passed. At some point you all in Congress own this
Thank You Senator for denouncing racism, neo-nazis and POTUS
#Franken2020
Read it and spread it! I'm in the middle of my 3rd Franken book! always a good read from AF.
And we need #VotesNotWords. @gop needs to #impeachOrBeComplicit
Many at rally was there for non-violent purpose I wouldn't be surprised if violent 'white supremacist' were alt-left plants #Charlottesville
Many you call 'white supremacist' are non-violent ppl wanting to preserve our history good & badISIS destroys artifacts STOP the Hate
Maddow Tuesday night research, Trumps father was a KKK member. Are we surprised and why was this hidden?
Why don't they take them down and put them in a museum where we can still see part of our history, the good and the bad.
Yeah, self condemnation isn't in a narcissist's wheelhouse.
We blame YOU and your cheating party. #DNCFraudLawsuit How much did you pay for them to beat his car? #LockThemAllUp
Bipartisanship is strong on this issue. Look forward to moving forward, as a unified country, w/all of you. 45 is unfit to lead & unify.
He did condemn white supremacist and all other racial groups. I know it will never be enough for a no talent SNL hack like you.
It's clear now that by "we're going to go back" to when the U.S. was "great", Donald meant antebellum (pre-Civil War).
Collusion....
Tell the GOP-saying they're agnst white supremacy means NOTHING if they continue to support Trump who has given those Nazis a green light
Senator when will @GOP stand up to him and remove him? Their silences tells it all! Country over party!
Still like the sound of President Franken. 
Amen 
How nice of the repukes to condemn W/S, etc.  WHEN are they going to denounce trump who just gave the hate groups his support!
All the confederate statues should be removed over night. They represent hate! The problems will still persist until Trump is removed!
Agreed. But condemnation is not enough. Do something. Words are not enough, #Trump  doesn't even listen to his own staff #Charlottesville
You are suck a fool. I can't wait http://to.vote  you out of office, I will have the biggest signs in my yard and rally my neighbors
Too bad it's really easy to prove violent liberals are "systematically" attacking people for free speech - since the RNC in 2008.
How will you all demonstrate condemnation of white supremacists, including our White-Supremacist-in-Chief?
What about your fellow politicians who told the police to stand down, intentionally creating carnage ? Anything?
You got it wrong. The democrats and your media pushing own rhetoric .  He said all groups...then because of the whiny babies he was specific
But they didn't condemn political violence or identity politics.
I read it & applaud. To go 1 step further, I say D Trump has no place in this country.
Every politician in Congress, state & local gov't should decry the repulsive inaction and bigotry of Trump. Please impeach him, please.
Will @gop look the other way like always? They spoke against Access Hollywood then forgot. Outrage then nothing! Hypocrits all of them.
Thank you for your leadership. I continue to follow you, well, on everything. These people gotta go! BTW, great book, Giant! G.
Well said!!
#Charlottesviille #Trumprussia #Impeach45

A sad day for my father's memory—
He fought in WWII to defeat fascists
Impeach him now. He has no moral compass which makes him dangerous to the soul of our country.
You look like a 5+ term senator. How's your pension payout?

I shared it on my page, for those who may forget why the Confederacy does not deserve to be celebrated in statues or the waving of that flag
Erasing history doesn't mean it didn't happen. Why they put up statues I'll never understand.
There were 2 groups there looking for trouble and that's what they got. 
Where was law enforcement? To little to late I mean really!
#SenFranken2020
I think he promised more demonstrations. He said some dude was going to be in town. Then compared Robert E Lee to George Washington.
He's simply unfit to be president. Period.
*Some* Republicans.
please take action.  Where are the articles of impeachment #impeachtrump
The #TRAITOR Trump has shown his racist colors by his inaction & words. Time to #IMPEACHTRUMP & enact the 25th Amendment to protect the USA.
He did quickly comment about the Black CEO who dropped out of us joke economic group. 45-IQ is ethically and morally bankrupt. #25ththe45th
Al for president!!!
This is complete BS. You all are in on a massive attack on the president. God. We are going to have another civil war.
If I go to your FB page to read it, will the DOJ be demanding my IP address and other personal details? 
Dragging George Washington and Thomas Jefferson into his hate America swamp by comparing them to traitorous confederates was sickening.
What the hell is wrong with your R coworkers ? Their actions (or lack thereof) speaks volumes #Complicit
Have you condemned antifa I have not seen wher you have. If you have not condemned them then you agree with them
President Donald Trump is white and entitled.#donalddementia
Thank you, Senator, for doing 2 things @realDonaldTrump will never do: 1. Telling the truth. 2. Opening a goddamn book.
Take action. Tired of talk. #ImpeachTrump #25THAMENDMENTNOW #EMBARRASSMENT #TRUMPTAXES #nazisupporter #savetheUSA #trumpcrimefamily
Apparently you heard a different speech than I did.
Thank you, Senator Franken. I am proud to call you my Senator. We must work to drive out white supremacist nazi klan terrorists & 45. Now.
@TheLeadCNN @AC360 Stop Condeming @realDonaldTrump & his Racist Nazis Destroying America, & Start Removing this Dictator before its Too Late
the impeachment cometh
Trump has no place in our country.  Please, Sen. Franken, you in Congress need to act to remove him.
Where are the Republicans standing against Trump?... only silence
Not nearly enough Rep. have condemned, much less called out Trump. Nobody wants to get their hands dirty. Their silence speaks volumes!
He's evil, he's a bigot, he's a degenerate, and ultimately, he is incompetent and a danger to the Nation. You Members need to stop him.
censure. Now.
Did the Republicans really?
But both parties must come together to condemn him. Impeach him and demand his resignations
Where is your anger?
You and colleagues must say trump is unfit for office..no more equivocations
Thank you. I love how you represent our state!  So proud of your hard work and decency.
I appreciate him too and I'm in #Nebraska
#ImpeachTrumpNow
When is the censure? #censuretrump
#BLM #Antifa
Excellent
Why is John Kelly still standing by his side?? Trump is HORRIBLE, SHAMEFUL. He needs to be OUT Sen Franken. We want he & his cabinet OUT!!
Thx @SenFranken
U know us deployables. Radical Islam wait obama or dems never condemned that.
We are THERE, Senator. We will not let you down.
Sir, please run for president. You would win
Swift action needs taken regarding the white supremacists/neo-nazis in the WH
Wasn't it your party who fought to keep blacks in slavery?  Yeah.  Thought so.  Bunch of hypocrites.
Can GOP and Dems do more than sharply condemn?!  We need leadership and action on this. Stand together and #RemoveTrump
Please Senator Franken it time for him to go. Impeachment
@potus @realDonaldTrump @EricTrump @IvankaTrump @FLOTUS @DonaldJTrumpJr RT so they do read it
Most of them forgot to mention DT in their condemnation. We have to call him out this time. Every single decent American. There is no choice
Thank you Senator Frankin!
Ummmm if that's the Café why isn't congress moving forward with Impeachment #ImpeachTrump #25thAmendmentNow
What will the senate do?
Start the process to give a vote of no confidence to DT and restore honor to the Oval Office. Remove racism and bigotry #ImpeachTrump
Love u Al, but the GOP need to denounce trump and impeach him. Dark days for democracy.
It's one thing to "condemn". But will you ever do what needs to be done...ie impeachment/removal of the tumor that's threatening our Nation?
It's time to call for his removal, Sir
Honestly not all condemned white supremacists & still don't. He had a security briefing about this being a possibility weeks in advance &...
did nothing then & nothing now. I've looked at tweets by "both side" and it was crickets by most or many tried to push it off as if its...
not happening - both sides. If this is what our country has become, we need to look at other alternatives for people that really are for ...
the people, for our country, for our values. Tell the truth or move over as WE are tired of being oppressed.
If YOU have any kind of back bone YOU and other Senators need to stand up and say with NO hesitation GET OUT NOW @realDonaldTrump
So why aren't you writing articles of impeachment?  What are you waiting for?
...your Facebook post is spot on and we thank you for sharing!  Thank you for standing up to what is right and moral.
Trump & Bannon want us to fight. It's Neo Nazis vs America—Not Right vs Left! Stay sane. If you go nuts he/they gain a voice! We're smarter.
did the KKK take over the GOP?  Both have 3 letters and never saay anything bad about Trump...
We are past the point of words Senator.
You and all Congressmen have a simple choice.
#ImpeachOrBeComplicit
I'm sure there were a lot of German politicians who criticized Hitler instead of taking action against him.  Couldn't name a single one.
Yes. Thank you. But they also came with semiautomatic weapons.
Can you explain to 45 that there were no "fine people" in that white supremacist/ neo nazi alt right crowd?
Nice statement Al, but what will be done about Trump? He's dirty and not fit for the position.
Rep & Dems need to rally together on this NOW. @realDonaldTrump is not a President, he is a hateful immoral spineless coward.
Screw you Frankel where was Obama when BLM killed cops silent, where was he when ANIFTA beat whites half to death , silence, u communist
Again, I Nominate Al/Sherrod Brown/Franken in 2020. Both men love their country, not lobbyists/corporate leeches. Intelligence over Greed!
Guess who are 2 poorest members of Senate, because they don't suffer lobbyists?
The Republican party needs to denounce Trump now
Fucking A al Franken,  fucking A
Unless @HouseGOP ,@SenateGOP publicly unify a rebuke of these racist groups & 45, it will be clear they've chosen party, power & not country
Trump's bringing people together. Ha. Weird.
Thank you, Senator Franken.
Anyone can be a bad president but it takes a conscious effort to be this bad of a person
If Dems and GOP do not impeach Trump soon, you will no longer have constituents to represent once Trump is done w/them. Trump is a threat.
@SenFranken you're a great man but @GOP senators condemned everything except what Trump/Potus said his name wasn't mentioned in their tweets

Are you a protester or a politician?
Neither a shock, nor surprise. If you didn't see what kind of man Trump is before he got into politics, you don't belong in politics.
YOU Sir need to call for @realDonaldTrump to resign his presidency immediately. This can not continue. He is an embarrassment to humanity.
Al, can it be  your decade again?

This reminds me of that Star Trek episode where Kirk and Spock find themselves on a planet where Nazism was recreated. Foreshadowing!
Thank you for these words senator...Trump must be removed from office before it is too late for our country
When will republicans and dems alike swiftly sharply and unanimously condemn @realDonaldTrump I hope it's less than 2 days
Is time for the Rep leadership to grow a pair and denounce Trump as a bigot and racist. Silence is agreement @SpeakerRyan @SenJohnMcCain
Trump's Nazism is Threatening @SpeakerRyan The @GOP and The Koch Bros. Carefully Crafted Fascist Agenda.!
Well said.  Thank you Senator Franken.
a vote for the republican in 2018 is a vote for the NAZI and white supremacist  uneless republican trow trump out of the party
Every senator needs to denounce the POTUS! Dems are sitting back letting the fire get bigger in order to take votes. Rep's are just afraid.
I have heard condemnation of nazis and white supremacists, but not many denouncements of Trump himself. When will they grow spines?
Right on point! By the way, good book.
Thank you. I keep thinking "President Franken" would sound wonderful.

Al where were you when Obama did not condemn BLM for their violence?  Once again you are a hypocrite.
Thank you for standing against the hatred he is determined to keep aflame. Miss your humor but glad you're there.
Please use his Twitter WTF do you have it? Here @realDonaldTrump
Al, this requires FDR moment. Prescience. T is dividing. Altrighters I was civil w/b4, don't even want to look at now. Approaching 212°F
But people have to be smart about this. Can't meet hate with hate or it legitimizes them. Something like Freedom Riders training is needed.
