Why don't you fund it with your kids private school$$$$
Rich people have never cared about the poor.
It's a proven fact: meals on wheels does not work!  You deliver them a meal one day and they're hungry again the next day!
Ask him to donate his salary to meals on wheels...And to also dig in that phony trust account of his and pay for Melanie's security in NYS
Only babies move him to action! Too old if  u get MOW!  Pro-life my ass!!
Come to the conclusion that he, along with your GOP congressional colleagues, simply do not care. They have $ where their hearts should be.
@SenDanSullivan dan- grow a pair and vote against this.Trump is not our friend.  @lisamurkowski lisa, try and do the right thing this time
This isn't even close to being true!  Get the facts!

Yes, well, the GOP is not exactly against being cruel. What a freaking mess our government is in! It's frightening how weak the Dems are.
your actions are a perfect example of why Hillary lost , keep up the good work the DFL is almost done@NancyPelosi
He isnt..meals is not a Federal program. They get like 2% of their funds from a block Grant that's being cut. Way to politicize
All of these accomplishments that took a century to build are being ripped apart in just a few short months. Tragic.
While he golfs every weekend at garish #MaraLago - #Trump is a disgusting vile man.
It was wrongheaded and cruel for you to vote against @SenSanders  gmo labeling bill.
.@SenFranken @HolleSharon @POTUS @_MealsOnWheels Wrong headed r not that Trump the billionaire talking n it's expected.
It's probably his thinking that If HIS family will never need it, then it must be totally unnecessary. What an idiot he is.
How else will he pay for WWIII?
Shut up Franken. How in gods name did they elect you. Oh yeah it's Minnesota I forgot. Countries newest embarrassment
only Minnesotans have the ability to propose cuts to this vital program that helps MN seniors. No such Federal program.
doesn't your state have a MoW?
By cutting 3% of their budget?  They can make that up but cutting waste.
I'm in Ind. This affects so many right in my community. Does he even have a heart? He obv doesn't care about the people. This will hurt.
Orwellian that we must even consider this happening.
He's wrongheaded and cruel about most things that benefit Americans. Thank you for fighting for us Senator Franken.
My wife and I volunteer for meals on wheels.  I wish we could have Trump ride along with us for a few weeks.  He would be enlightened!
Meanwhile what's it costing taxpayers to keep Melania in Trump Tower?  Shameful.
You mean and then play 3 million dollar rounds of golf?
And vets.
Meals in wheels is 97% self funded stop lying
Yes.  Yes it is.
Ultimately eliminating  $$$ in waste? You know we waste a lot in and out of the government. 4/
He is wrongheaded and cruel. He will dine, while others in our own country will not even be able to eat.
Improving the nutrition and diversity of diet given the multi-cultural community that receives such benefits? 3/
I'm all for preserving a well deserved benefit for the elderly but can we brainstorm a better way to distribute the funds? 2/
I understand the outrage but have you seen those meals, Al?! food seems more appealing. I personally know folks who put them in trash 1/
Democrats have been largely complacent about welfare cuts for decades. Is this a case of 1 cut 2 many, or just scoring points with voters?
he has to pay for Mar a Lagos some way, plus trump tower and secret service for his son's 
He and the rest of the Republicans don't care about the American people. Or at least the poor ones.
Misleading again Senator. Aren't you the crafty one. Those of us that do research know that's not true. I encourage others to check further
https://teespring.com/stores/the-resistance-5 … these are through .@ActualEPAFacts and they are donating proceeds to .@_MealsOnWheels through 4/30/2017
Might not be as much as they need, but every bit helps!
It is a morally bankrupt policy, proposed by emotionally stunted people who are followed by hate filled, vindictive cowards.
Only to the ones that didn't vote for him
He doesn't care about the poor. The same with Paul Ryan.
Everybody's seniors.
Yes sir it is also wrong for tRump to make ANY decisions for our nation while he is under federal investigation for treason. #resist
Why say "wrong headed" when you can save characters with "idiotic"?
Let's ask them how many voted repub & what do they think?
He just doesn't care, Senator, nor do any of the GOP.

@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @SpeakerRyan 
@SenateGOP #GOP
Have you signed the @_MealsOnWheels petition? 
http://www.mealsonwheelsamerica.org/take-action/advocate/sign-our-petition-to-protect-meals-on-wheels … #MealsonWheels #seniorsmatter
Especially when one reads that to date, it has cost US taxpayers $38 million so that Mrs Trump can stay in NYC.
Trump doesn't read or listen to reason. We must bombard him with pictures! Interviews, we need more on the street reporting!
and I'll be your best friend
Wrongheaded? Huh... it's too rainy for that word
They need the war money
Especially when the cost for every weekend golf trip to Mar-a-Lago is greater than the annual budget for meals on wheels.  @realDonaldTrump
There is not enough space nor time on twitter for the wrongs of this man  other made POTUS!
One lie after another!  Should we just call you "Susan Rice"?
Is anyone surprised by what @realDonaldTrump & reprehensible @gop do anymore. They personally evil run amuck
restore equal protection under the law. Stop the nazi traitor pedophile fbi gestapo from illegally targeting and framing democrats.
Spare me. The crumbs Meals gets from that grant won't be missed by them. The majority of their funding is local and corporate donations.

That's the Trump brand: Wrongheaded & Cruel
