Franken Grow Up! You are NOT helping MN by your behavior! SUPPORT the President, help guide your constituents!
Read a history book. This isn't about Dems and Reps. It's about saving the Republic. Why do you hate America?
And you think that PROTECTING the US is hating it how????
This isn't "protecting" the US. If anything, it is alienating people and inviting attacks. Get out of your bubble.
Please study meaning of Caliphate. That is what is being imposed on the world. We have a choice.
"study the meaning." I've lived in Mideast. I speak Arabic. I've worked with activists there 14 yrs. You are an idiot.
well then you should know why we want them vetted
Vetting process is top notch. It's why NO attacks by foreigners on US soil since 9/11.
Pls. don't use @/potus when tagging @realdonaldtrump. He doesn't deserve the title,he is a fraud, a conman. Use anything else
He is our Constitutionally elected President.  These antics are starting to feel like #Treason.
25th Amendment, Article 4 Read it. Learn it. This is a democracy, not a dictatorship.
This is not peaceful protesting.  It's anarchy, lacks good citizenship, hateful, menacing, disruptive, holding up commerce.  Grow up
O, I see  you haven't read any of the Constitution. I'm done talking to you. Good bye.
Good riddance
HAHAHAHA!!!!!!
suck this Trump..Impeach Trump!!!
Fire Bannon!!!


Sucks to be you too..how do you tell trump is lying?? His lips are moving..and Putin's hand is moving
Here ya go Al....
Why do you support and care about refugees more than me  (an American)?
so u are planning to protest something that hasn't even happened. @POTUS is right, you r all obstructionists
- the Dem way - protest no matter what, before any announcement is made.
@SierraClub @POTUS @YouTube You have the support of the majority of the American people!
BS on that!
@AgitatorsNeeded @POTUS @YouTube
you are just a little kid if not  by age then emotionally.
You know your even more funny now, watch out Lewis Black
It is shameful that in 10 days @realDonaldTrump's immigration ban has transformed America into a scourge.
Protests are meaningless if you rubberstamp in his cabinet.  Must vote NO!  Take a stand.
bunch of hypocrites
This is why Schumer was crying yesterday. His words came back to bite.
LOL
Spoiler Alert: It's going to be @AnnCoulter
Trump-Bannon terrorizing people.Impeach Trump, KGB Putin's puppet.Hillary Clinton true POTUS.
nope , she lost , come back to reality
Popular vote: @HillaryClinton almost 3 million more.KGB Putin's Trump in WH.America lost
,  can't change the rules after the fact .. she did well, I'll give you that but the fact is she lost
#BanJeffSessions
Ban Sessions from being Attny Gen until we figure out what the hell is going on! #MuslimBan
ban his entire cabinet for 90 days?  That might be better lol
Senator Franken can you pls update us on Intel investigations into Trump's ties to Russia?  IMPEACH!
Don't we have some grounds for impeachment? Lead the charge!
@ABFalecbaldwin @POTUS @YouTube Thank you, Senator! I can't be there in person but I will be there via your link!
your pathetic Dont claim your for the American people your a self serving party!!!!
Thanks President Trump for having the courage to do what decades of past politicians did not have the courage to do!
If you are all about Jesus, how about you condemn men who grab women in the genitals. Jesus loves us all.
He is not a true Christian, nor a "follower" of Jesus. It's the equivalent of "alternative facts". 
Hypocrite-shame.
He blocked me! Lol
Must not want his "flock" to see.
I despise hypocrites-especially those that use God as an excuse for power.
Let's go shame another hypocrite.
Hey Al.... You are a fool
Thank you!  @SenFranken
it's bad enough you have to be at this circus. Those of us who can't protest @POTUS refuse to give trump any more attention.
has no one told you that All travelers detained under Trump ban have been released - yesterday's news
can you please resign where was your March when all the cops were murdered Benghazi Chicago I can go on
Our values are under attack. This is an attack on democracy. Is war inevitable?
How is this an attack on democracy...that's just ignorant.  Go back and brush up on your civics.
You're a #Robot, #BrownShirt or both?
please start impeachment now.
Yeah dump Franken!!!!!!!!!!
Works for me!
big whoop.
(continuing) If politicians like @SenFranken want to march at the front of this parade they need to start answering questions like this.
If you can't make it to the U.S. Supreme Court tonight to stand against @POTUS Exec Order, you can tune in here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=edXUK3wQdN4 …

coming from the party that wants to ignore the Constitution, bunch of lying hypocritical

Franken, you are nothing without Davis...go back to real comedy SNL needs a new writer, I hear...leave politics
you democrats are a dangerous bunch , you all should leave America and move to Russia , you will fit right in .
#IStandWithTrump @POTUS
Need a list of Democrats who showed up!
It may interest you, that the Court acts on the Constitution, not on left or right protests.
it's time for you to retire. take Shumer with you
Go back to SNL, Al Franken. You were funny on there.
why don't you try working with the President instead of fighting him? #MAGA  @realDonaldTrump
If Trump does not respect the Constitution,as sworn during inauguration,he is even impeachable,isn't he?
Clown
bahahaha screw that.  Should have stuck with your boring comedy rather than politics
You go!!! This is what we want to see from our Senators!! Hope all Dems are there! Tough roe to hoe for those who aren't
another leftist wacko... You sucked as an actor and low and behold, your even worse as a U.S. Senator.
up yours
Louisville held our rally at the same time in support.
perfect another comedian posing as a politician
Senator you need to start acting like the Statesman you wanted to be. You are not helping MN or the USA. Stop Obstructing
Franken,you're still a clown.
don't make us go there.
Do people remember how Franken won his election? Look it up. He's illigitement. Everything about him is invalid
I remember he had votes in his trunk. Can't make this stuff up. @JackHaskins72 @SenFranken @POTUS
Gee I have never seen you doing this for our vets who gave u the right to be this stupid!
Oh great, another congressmen that doesn't understand the Constitution. I thought you gave up comedy.
And the brainwashed emotional crazies cry their tears of ignorance
I have to laugh every time I see Senator Al Franken. What a joke.
hey frank coming to America is a privilege and NOT a Constitutional right,got it moron
Did you protest when Obama did the same thing? Didn't think so. You have stepped outside of reality again..
For some reason, I just cant take Franken seriously.
Does he do that I'm okay routine every morning in his congressional office?
you we re pots less on snl and I see you still are!
: Franken-stein  You are dumber than most everyone thought.  Comedy you aren't !!!
@jaytay777 @POTUS @YouTube TAKE THE GLOVES OFF, PLEASE, SENATOR!  TIME TO SAVE US, PLEASE!!
From what?
.@SenFranken I can't wait for tomorrow when @POTUS nominates his #SCOTUS choice. You won't stop it. Ginsberg & Kennedy are next. WOO!! 
good luck with that Stewart.
You poor little lefty snowflakes. Franken made his mark as a piss poor comedian, I guess he still is one!
The Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders by the American Psychiatric Assoc. just labeled liberalism as a mental disorder
thanks to Harry Reid we need 51 votes for this justice. Cry, protest, stomp, scream all you want.
So what is the issue now?  To bad these folks aren't more concerned about America and Americans
exactly , let's vote them all out in 2018. Dems will destroy this country
Dems didn't do it. Read and think for yourself. I hope you can.
President has my support in MAKING AMERICA SAFE AGAIN !
Hey Al go outside to get something done...you sure can't do anything inside
all of you areStupid and have no regulars for americas safety Cry your crocodile tears
Kim stop showing off your stupidity!
this man is a loser of epic proportion, even his disastrous time on SNL his partner Davis was the funny one . Irrelevant man !
This TEMP ban was originally enacted by former President Obama. Investigate before spouting off
No, it wasn't this broad. Read and think, if you can.
I will certainly give it my best shot. Lol
As long as you allow protestors to block airports, you undermine your cause. Wrong approach hurting more people for it.
Pepper spray might be a good idea for those heading to the airport.
why don't you stand with American citizens that have been killed by terrorist and illegal immigrants??? SAD SAC
protest EO(other POTUS' have used) that is 100% legal based on US Immig Law? RESIGN AL!
#MAGA #lovePresidentTrump #promuslemBan
truth is you are nothing but a fraud.. how are those ballots in the trunk doing for you
hey snowflakes its time to grow up fakes
@SierraClub @YouTube bad feed
isn't he 1st gen american?
Thank you Senator Franken!
all i care about is getting the correct unfiddled with not cooked numbers COLA
I don't ever want to hear from that rape joke writing dirt bag. Franken, I am so sad your from Minnesota
Senator Franken please stop this mad man, He is destroying our country. safe America Senator.

more paid protesters... too bad they aren't on the books, Uncle Sam could use the kickback!
when arrested we need the info to make sure the pay their taxes on Soros's salaries
Thank you for support #democracy. We need you to fight for us. We feel powerless and frightened. #resist
You are powerless and if you are frightened then wear your safety pin and play with Play Doh!! #Snowflake
STUART!!!   Been awhile.
elk river Minnesota praying for you. @tomemmer said on wcco Sunday,  "it's not a ban" out of touch Emmer!
Nah, I'm okay with the order. You see, I love the U.S.
As a former MN, your stand against nationalistic exec orders is gratifying. I'm pretty sure a coup is underway.
We need to crack down on not only men who join Radical Islamic groups but WHITE SUPREMACIST GROUPS. BOTH are terrorists.
I just saw the little girl from Somalia who was DENIED ACCESS to get of the plane. A small child!  Bring her her now! 
start your engine and your exploratory committee.
work on term limits uncle al , take some refugees home with you
As a man, which is something you can't comprehend, if you were in front of me I would spit in your eye and knee you in the nuts.
With u in spirit! Will b watching!
no we love what Trump has done we are safer.  Stand behind our President
your rambling doesn't bode well for your purpose which is good since your goal is to derail anything Trump does. Retire already!
I liked you better as a clown. Are you a media plant? You lost. Live with it. Try being an #AMERICAN for a change.
Protesting not going to work. we need to take legal action and take them to court if we want to win.
Thank you for all you do! Please keep on him!
Thank you!!
I'm with Trump!!!!!!
#MAGA
thank you
Why stand against policy that Chuck Schumer wanted? And just a reminder: http://www.usnews.com/opinion/blogs/peter-roff/2010/07/20/al-franken-may-have-won-his-senate-seat-through-voter-fraud …
what time?
@ABFalecbaldwin @POTUS @YouTube Thank you 
@ABFalecbaldwin @POTUS @YouTube PLEASE, PLEASE, stop Sessions from becoming AG! PLEASE!
@LeChatNoire4 @POTUS @YouTube #impeachtrump #lockhimup
we are counting on our Dem Senators to vote NO on Tillerson tonight!!!
thank you!
if you can't make it to vote no on every nom while you talk a good game start job hunting.
They better not confirm a single SCOTUS appointment or ill never vote Dem again @SenSchumer
I apologize I can't make it. I'll be watching tv and eating hot dogs with my short fingers.
KFC!
Franken, go back to your failed career in Hollywood. You were a hack then and a hack now! You are also Un-American
You're extraordinary Senator!!!! Thank you!!
We can not live like this.
@ABFalecbaldwin @POTUS @YouTube Will do!
@ABFalecbaldwin Fight for us, Senator Franken!
Go get em Sen Franken!!!
Haha! FINALLY you guys are funny! Haha!
@t_thombs we should just go late even though I have an 8:30 class tomorrow
but you get out late tonight so traffic will be terrible
yeah sorry
Leave no authority existing not responsible to the people.
thanks,Al!
