Badgering a judge that everybody likes when you obviously have no clue as to the real meaning of the law. Big mistake
Not everybody likes
. Most do. Maybe not Hondurans, but AMERICANS.
We don't really care about the opinions of foreigners  #loser
I am not a foreigner, way to jump to conclusions.  You are the loser if you voted for Trump,
Yes you are 
Wow with the intellegence of a child.....not surprising.
And you did misspell "intelligence."
You Have been amazing, sir.
SHUTDOWN THE GOVERNMENT!!! NO DECISIONS SHOULD BE MADE WITH TRUMP BEING INVESTIGATED FOR TREASON!
lol, hilarious!!!!
after gorsuch,we have 2  more supremes to go:) u have got to learn to control yourself child
seems Annette blocked me; parrots and puppets, neither can reason
lol prisonForbush too.are you gonna block me Aaaaal Frankenstein ?
Well done.  I'm really appreciating you bringing real people into the equation.  It's so rare these days.
Maybe if we need a celebrity president it should be....uuh.....YOU!
- a gentleman statesman. Thank you Sen Franken

all constituents or just like minded
Gorsuch - 195, Franken - 0. Stuart Smalley is clearly way down the intelligence scale from a SCOTUS nominee.
This little DrugWarWhore knows Gorsuch ruled that Cannabis is not a religious sacrament. A Rigged Supreme Court
Mr. Franken we the American people thank you for all you do. Keep up the good work.
#gorsuch should not be confirmed. If Trump appoints, denied. Just like the #GOP did to #GarlandGoesFirst
Your Gorsuch line of questions....not sure if you are just arrogant, or absurd. No wonder Congress is so messed up.
question: would you want to be on the road with him? Gorsuch answer: ub ub ub ub...
please continue your valiant fight, we need more such as yourself.
@DrMartyFox @SenFranken WHY is Franken even a senator?..former bad comedian..asks stupid questions to a very smart nominee.
time to transition to universal health Care for all, not just elderly, military, legislators.
Great job holding this corporation-loving judge's feet to the fire! Keep representing the people's interests!!
@waltiepooh 
THINK  @TheDemocrats NEED TO HEARINGS & GET TRUMP &TEAM OUT OF WHITE HOUSETHEY CAN'T HANDLE 
#ImpeachTrump 
B/C your constitution is different you should go find the country that it matches. @FoxNews
Voting to fire truck driver WAS WRONG & ABSURD! Know whr he stands on LIFE. Just DIE waiting 4 Corp #cnn
AL FRANKENS HERO WAS ADOLPH HITLER AND HUSSEIN OBAMA
u can identify absurdity,u embody it,thoroughly
u sir are a clown, I can identify that!
Gorsuch is not taking you too seriously

imagine being that easily manipulated. He makes me think he's a fool

you are a bad ass!!! You go Sen. 
You're a whiney little one, aren't you?
Senators, on both sides hold Gorsuch 's feet to the fire! He'll be a nightmare, just another Trump clone! He'll try to overturn Roe v Wade!
His treatment of Gorsuch make this hearing unwatchable... Holy damn! #idiot
@Alien00X @SenFranken Franken is the absurdity.
No, Franken is right.
Millions of people are talking about how @SenFranken made a A$$ out of himself again 
I think you did a fantastic job. Thanks for being so committed to your job as a senator!
I'm not in MN, I'm in GA. Could you be MY Senator too??!? Please?
what a joke
Al Franken for President!
wow you're still talking nothing
The voice of reason. Mr.Franken should Dems capitulate on Gorsuch or hold firm to a no vote?McConnell stole Obamas vote. Vote no
Thank you, Senator. I wish my Senators were as thorough & as willing to serve constituents more than party or self.
nice work today man! I usta think of you as a joke... but I've come to appreciate ur smarts and ability to simplify the simple.
thank you!
I respect your line of ?s but I agree with @SenSchumer. There should be no hearing w/ FBI investigation of Trump.
you're an embarrassment.
Listening to @SenFranken question #NeilGorsuch proves what most Americans already knew. Al is a dumb ass! #ConfirmGorsuch
You'd be great digging into possible Trump insider election rigging. Something that you are probably an expert at. #nocollusion
From NC, I thank you.
I really enjoyed @SenFranken on SNL
@AlasscanIsBack Please run for President 2020.
Keep pushing him, Senator. He makes Scalia look moderate and that's hard to do. This judge will HURT us in the long run.
you were great with Gorsuch!  I was so proud of you!
I  admit I have problems with you over your stand on the death penalty, but today you rocked, Sir! I'm from Texas.Cruz was silly
more proof that the same pot smoking liberals that watched SNL when Franken was on there, still smoke and voted for him.
Please share our stories from other states that don't seem to care about us.
I cannot understand what you are saying, you're jumbling your words all together and stammering...ENUNCIATE!
proof that the qualifications to be a Democrat law maker, all u need is to make people laugh r be a clown.
B4 #ACA hysterectomy denied when I moved & switched insurance co. Said I had pre-existing & had to wait 9 mo.for approval. I almost died.
all Democrats r obstructionist, you sacrifice ur constituents for ur agenda not theirs, you are what wrong with government
Sen. Franken shuts down the guy trying to Gor-such laws that make Americans equal. BOOM !!
#priceless
You're a circus clown. Enjoy the Gorsuch walk in
the only crying in Minnesota is when we have to admit this buffoon is from here. Doesn't live here, just from here.
What a SCHMUCK!!!
A foolish irrelevancy in action.
@SenWhitehouse Alabama Republicans passed Voter ID, then SHUT DOWN all DMV Offices in Black Majority Counties. VICIOUS RACISM
Republican Gerrymandering, Wisconsin Republicans won 42% of the vote for legislature, STOLE 60% of the seats. Death of FREEDOM
@sidnknj My hero @alfranken
A wrestler and a comedian from your constituents. Here in Illinois, they are corrupt but at least can fake serious.
I appreciate all that you do!
Keep up the great work!
you are hysterical. You need to get back on stage.
request postponing of hearing, as trump is under investigation by FBI for criminal, espionage, and anybody to be Nomi ? Wait
Mutton Busting is Animal Cruelty!
#embarrassing
You have shown your true self Senator; bitter, vindictive, and unwilling to accept an honest answer.
Wow AL, way to unleash your inner pitbull today. Shame on you, no respect.
Since Pres Trump is now holding campaign rallies for 2020 should we suspend nominating a Supreme Court Justice?
this Judge Gorsuch, is just putting on a good face 4 the moment.He's dancing answering questions. By chance did U read his book
you democrats are the stupidest bunch I have seen yet.  Fake conspiracies, Russians, peeing hookers, dirty statues.
it was cringe worthy to see the way U treated such a respected public servant. what the hell has he to do with the last nominee?
#TheJudge was left in the real dirt...not the dirt for a kid
When Judge G answers about how he would like it to b remembered he described the opposite of what u project. So sad.
SCAREY that he can change the law for 40 years. I DON'T have a good feeling.Pls listen 2 your Gut! (Exp: DJT & him admin team)
huh?
I heard Sen Franklen make a comment that this Judge that goes into office can change law,could change up to 40yr
Franken is an IDIOT
I hope you are listening of how he wants to b remembered, you could learn a few things.
Thanks for fighting for the good guys!!
your colleagues must be embarrassed that you sit at the same table as they do.
thankU  4 asking him the question about the driver leaving his truck,getting fired. DJT does have a reason he w/him on his team
Are all the Republicans wearing the mandatory red ties?
are you done your phony bs was making me sick  what a hack!
Here's my story. You should be our next POTUS.  That's my story and I'm stickin' to it.
#Great Job at confirmation hearing for Gorsuch. There are law's the republican's  refuse to follow and get away with it.
your amazing! Keep up the great work! Forget these evil goper posters who dont know their head from their assholes!!
you are showing your hatred. Be fair.
Your constituents should recall and fire your assYou are an embarrassment to the country. #MAGA #GorsuchHearing #confirmgorsuch
@beaglebabe48 @SenFranken YES he is...
You were very rude and disrespectful.  You cut Gorsuch off constantly, he however handled it with respect and patience.
Rude, personal, angry attacks of P45, his admin, and Judge G. Rarely have I seen a senator so angry. You do not serve us well.
will you quit acting a fool at the Gorsuch hearings? Can't wait to vote against your reelection.
it used to mean something positive and honorable to be a senator and serve the United States, not just the left.
Reading quotes from others &trying to attach them to an exemplary Judge to try &score points shows how low #DemonRats have sunk
You are amazing...way to go...Judge is not real ... he is a robot
Your condescension towards Gorsuch is deplorable, and worthy of a deranged legislator; his answers made you look like a buffoon.
You're so disrespectful! Judge Gorsuch shows you're a little minded man! resign as you don't belong in that seat!!
As do yours which are disturbing you want only judges and gov that promotes making America like Cuba  stay in nut bag MN
epic fail!
if anyone wonders why our government is so screwed up look no further than Al Franken
ask him if he is going to attend the Kock brothers  retreats or any other billionaires  get together ?
okay I like you and all.... but going a bit far and being kinda rude. Just saying !
painfully watching you try to discredit Gorsuch! You are failing miserably.  Can't wait for you to get voted out next election.
a comedian trying to school a circuit judge #JudgeGorsuch, now that's a #joke! #embaracingthestate help vote him out!!
Great job putting the screws to Gorsuch! That's what we need, more hard questions! Forget about his story re: Mutton catching! WTH was that?
was crazy & just Repubs trying to hide from the truth. #GorsuchHearing  #MothballMitch
you are a perfect example of why we need term limits.
whiney Liberal Franken tsk tsk always about partisan politics. Can't wait for the Liberal meltdown when #Gorsuch is confirmed
Your about as cray cray as they come buddy
Thank God somebody is in there asking the tough questions. I admire Sen Franken's ability to do his research and go there!! 
he talked for 30 min. Then ask a question, then kept cutting him off before he got half way thru his answer
Great work Al ,ur a patriot a mental heavyweight
you're a lapdog
Way to cut Gorsuch off every time he states getting the better of you. You sir are a joke.
starts
THANK YOU for your GREAT questions at the hearing today! Too bad the answers were extremely lacking. #GorsuchHearing #TRUMP
That is how lawyers answer.  They pay alot of money to learn how to not get themselves in trouble.
share that.ta!
you are clearly a fool! Gorsuch is putting you to shame!
well my storyis..gorsuch will be our next supreme court justice.
And trump will replace 2 more in next 4 yrs
you just wiped the spit from the sides of your mouth.  You are unqualified to be a US senator
Access yo Planned Parenthood was my main healthcare entity from age 18-35...I want that for All Girls/Women!
you are making a fool out of yourself today!
you are the most obnoxious Liberal Democrat who cares less about what is best for America! Hope you never get elected again.
You talk down to people as though they are stupid. You are attacking in a manner that reveals you have no political instincts.
it is extremely terrifying that you sit in the seat that you do. Your accusatory tone should be embarrassing to your colleagues
Get over Merrick Garland. He is not going to be the Supreme Court Justice and this has nothing to with Gorusch.Stop the attack!
I just love watching you go after Gorsuch. You are a pit bull that just doesn't let go.
Your ignorance is shining through!
is trying to extract answers from the nominee at the #GorsuchHearing but not getting far!
That's cause Gorsuch is dancing around his opinions.
You freaking POS. How disrespectful of you. Thank you for asking those questions. U just exposed Gorsuch as extremely qualified.
Questioning Gorsuch takes U out of your intellectual level, into ABSURDITY. Ur disdain towards Gorsuch is evident, looks foolish
you're slurring badly.  What  opioids are you on?  Or is it booze?  MN NEEDS TO VOTE YOU OUT OF OFFICE
I generally agree w ur world view....But stop being a jerk. You were rude and unbecoming to Gorsuch.
Republicans stole this seat from All Americans!
if thats true why did americans not make the republicans pay in 2016? why didnt they lose a lot of seats for it?
I am so proud of you Senator Franken you are genuine powerful and a fine steward of  the American people. Thank you 
Thank You for the questions you are putting forward to this potential Justice!!!
i'll try to take you seriously Al but you're just a joke
You are not an attorney as you stated at the confirmation hearing. Don't pretend to be one like you pretended to be a comedian on SNL.
see you have no idea about the law. Whose papers are you reading from?
the disrespect you show this judge is amazing. Could you take your terrible skit acting away from Washington? #SwampServant
How does this Actor, this idiot keep getting elected into office?? Oh yea, ballot fraud!!!  #SCOTUSGorsuch #MAGA
shutup
Haha! Oh Al...You aren't even in the vicinity of the same ballpark Judge Gorsuch is in! It's amusing to watch you "question" him
I love you man, you have a sharp mind. Good job!
You are Fabulous!  No one hits as hard logically as your questions and statements.  Thank you!
-this is a joke right? Fabulous?? Logical?? How about douchebag?. #Gorsuch could run circles around him
