I'm from Chicago and not a constituent, but I'd like to encourage you and say, Keep Doing the Good Work, Senator Franken.
Great Man to have on r side when there r so many Republicans out for themselves & there rich friends  Thank you Sir.
Thank you for working so hard for us! Hold their feet to the fire! They all lie!
The comedian lies!!! Haha go back to SNL.
thank you for showing up, listening, engaging, and remembering you work for the people, while others run and hide
hahahaha
As Republicans cower, evade, and tele-"work."
Yes! I'll bet our senator (Portman) will make some smarmy statement today (in hiding) about respect for women.
Just like Trumpty Dumpty
Good news, Mr. FRANKEN.
Great job
Happy 4.both http://of.you ...
Please dont stop fighting...
Make Dems find which pocket 
Balls are in will you?
You have more constituents than Trump had at his inauguration. 
@marcorubio could use your help he's afraid of his constituents
your constituents are lucky to have you. I only wish Idaho's Senators were half as honest as you are.
I'm ready to move to Minnesota just because it'd be nice to have a senator who gives a damn about the people! @LindseyGrahamSC
Minnesota would love to have you!
That's so sweet! Thank you! 
Dear Al. You are a good human. Thank you.
Love, America.  ps you are still funny :)
You are one of the few, Senator!  We in Ohio can't get Sen. Portman to speak with us!  Thanks for setting a good example.
you should try getting to Ted 'lyin' Cruz here in Texas
Yeah, I forgot about Lyin Ted.  So we are all in the same boat. I refuse to let them off the hook. I call Portman every day!
Wish you could move to WI, and save our state.
As a neighbor from Minnesota, what IS going on withWI? So much voting against people's best interests...
Deplorable Repub Gov, and Senate & House & mostly gutless Dems. Same as nationally 
thank you senator for listening to your constituents! I'm in Iowa, #Senator Grassley did the same, I was proud of him!
Way to go!!!!  Loving my Minnesotans from Illinois. #takethegirloutofmnbutnevergetthemnoutofthegirl
that's awesome! You are loved and glad you love your constituents can't say that about Todd Young and Luke Messer
Thank you 4 seeing them in person. Sneaky Repubs, like Tom King, NY, r holding phone calls, like that replaces town halls!!!
good for you. I know you will listen.Other Senators need to learn from your example.
too bad @SenRonJohnson and @SpeakerRyan don't do this for WI.  They also declined op to sit w/me to learn abt uni professors :-(
when's al franken day? your good enough, your strong enough and people like you!!
I second this! Doggone it!
President Franken has a very nice ring to it.
You better run next time, we are in a seriously sad state, need someone who says it like it is whether rep or dem
They have to be so proud of you.  If I was one of your constituents, I'd want to meet you, too.  Keep hunting for the truth.
Please run for President in 2020. 
Because you are a rock star,  @SenFranken ! Indivisible_OR
To get you out of office & see the dog & pony show you are trying to play on #Sessions Have you heard #Vault7 revealed your con?
you're doing a great job!  Keep it up!
@Ladybug014 may I come to the breakfast if I'm in town - my Senators are assholes , Texas  - you understand 
you rock, senator. Keep up the good work.
can dejected Wisconsin folks stop in?
Let's have one in Cloquet, or thereabouts, sometime.   I'll cook.  Love ya
@DonnaVishio Hello.  I'm Al Franken.
You are good enough, smart enough and doggone it, people like you! Keep up the good work there in Washington Al!
keep up the good work, Sen Franken.  You are appreciated.
Can you please try to persuade Louisiana's senators @BillCassidy and @SenJohnKennedy to wake up?
Minnesotans are so lucky to have you. So are we, those US citizens not from MN. Keep up the good work. You give us strength
Hey DJT has those on weekends @ Mar a lago.. $200K initiation/$14K a year! His Constituents
Thank you for going out of your way to accommodate your constituents. Unlike some of your colleagues across the aisle.
@SenFranken
tried to attend @BradleyByrne town hall Mon. Turned away along with 100s because room was full. Hope round 2 in bigger venue.
Run for POTUS!
Keep doing what you're doing! You're a good man!
just keep pushing them  ,,,truth will eventually come out 
#trumputin #Russia #treason
Go, Al !!!
They look fired up!
It would be great if Chris Collins would do the same in New York!!!
Let them stay at the Whitehouse ,Trumps family has no use for it.
Why can't we get change?? I am so upset about our country right now:((((((
Franken for president 2020!
so jealous of your constituents! @SenatorBurr & @SenThomTillis don't seem to like talking to the regular folk from NC.
You did well on "The Last Word", Sen Franken.
I've been. It's great. Hopefully again in May.
I love that this is @SenFranken's favorite part of his week. More senators should welcome interaction rather than avoid it.
don't let your ego get in the way it's just about Obama leaving that's why I'm planning a trip to DC this year
If in Wash DC b sure 2 go, Minnesotans. Excellent food and company. Thx Sen Franken.
BEST BREAKFAST IN TOWN!
Did you see John Oliver's last show? Classic tape of Sessions face after answering your question. Must see TV!
you meet con. every wed, @RepTomMacArthur once...in a limited capacity. #lame #loser #outin18
do your kids go to private school while you disavow school choice?
It was great to hear from you and meet you.  See you at an upcoming Cloquet Labor Day parade.
Thank you, Sen. Franken, for meeting with them. The same cannot be said for the S.D. delegation.
can a TN fan join your Wed breakfast?
Well done, @SenFranken. My state senators won't even meet in the same room with their constituents
love minnesotans!
@lovealaska1105 It is nice to see a legislator that doesn't  have to hide from constituents
They are fortunate to have a truly great Senator representing them so well.
Faribault, MN ! Hooray!
You're making us so MN proud, you have groupies!   Al for Prez!
Wow, that's a crowd for mid week. Let us know how it goes. Thank you for being you, Sir. I appreciate your voice.
- welcome, but please don't drive in DC - it's a nightmare. Sorry about WMATA, but Lyft reliable.
a man of the people. thank you for taking your time out.
so appreciate your speaking out against Sessions. He DOES need to return and answer for his perjury.
why aren't you my senator?  I'm stuck with Ron Johnson. You are doing a great job!
yay
I hope they're all telling you to run for president!
SEN. AL FRANKEN should run for President. We need someone with a sense of humor we can laugh with, not at.
He's also one hell of a decent human being!
LOVE This!  Cuz we care and we're fired up!!
stop health plan padding pockets of the rich-underserves the poor & vulnerable. Choice doesn't matter if u can't afford it
Great that you do that.  .@marcorubio doesn't think he should address his constituents' questions or concerns in person.
That's awesome.  Maybe Spring Break!  Keep up the good work and the pressure on Sessions and Trump admin.
You should explain to them the @POTUS financed terrorism by funneling money through #trumptower #Baku.
Let's see his #TaxReturns
/@ChrisMurphyCT 2020!!!!!
@yashar Did you tell them the harrowing tale of being yelled at by a senior citizen for uncovering perjury?
Good on you Mr Franken..@marcorubio hides from his constituents in Florida..
wish I were there..I am from Ohio but adore you.have fun
it takes someone that has been of the people to truly be for the people. Thank you.
Please save us from this maniac @realDonaldTrump.  You are one of the few voices of reason in this time of #chaos and #cronyism.
Sen Burr of NC is doing his meetings over the phone.  LOLOLOL
#franken2020
