Can you answer why Coats, Rogers & Sessions are not in Contempt of Congress?
Great question!! Why does he just so casually get to say I'm not discussing that? If that were u or I we would likely be funding our bail $$
, Sessions' recusal was for campaignS. He violated if firing b/c RUS OR  HRC's emails.He's overstepped either way. #SessionsLies
why bother bringing Kushner or others in if they'll stone wall like Sessions?
Not much to talk about.
You should be more focused on exposing nefarious GOP healthcare bill.
He is. Believe me. I've been watching. My Senator
This should be Dems main focus now. If GOP passes this abomination will takes years to reverse.
They are meeting in secret & that is a dictatorship
You're drunk!
Way to go, Al, you got s colleague shot. That's the same Giffords logic your side used, right?
If Joe Blow had refused to answer questions he would have been charged with Contempt of court & remanded into custody #GOPCOLLUSION #TREASON
If my husband dared 2 give me answers like #idontrecall or #notthatimawareof after asking him if he ever met with a girl,he'd b guilty AF 
I missed it. Did you discuss the lightning round by @SenKamalaHarris ??
I'll catch it today!!
Will watched.  You do make me smile.  If it weren't for the snow I would be down for living in Wisconsin!!!
Well that is what I get, I was thinking state w10,000/lakes and got state w/cheese. *Should not Tweet when in rush*
Please use your patented humor, wit, and fire to drag him over the coals.
Or you could tell his "I hope there aren't any tapes" since I hear you know there are!
WADR, @jeffsessions Used Your Questioning Of Him As An EXCUSE For His LIES. @jeffsessions Says You, @SenFranken CAUSED Him 2 LIE UNDER Oath.
@jeffsessions BLAMED U Yesterday! The AG Of USA Blamed U For HIS LIES! ?That's Shows ALL Of U.S. HOW LOW @GOP, T Will Go 2 F @TheDemocrats.
Why were his lack of honest answers not Contempt of Congress?
Thanks!
Can u explain for us why it's not lying under oath 2say he was only there as an interested person when he was already NatSec adv 2 campaign?
W A T C H I N G, Mr. Next President
We can hope this is the caliber of candidate we have coming up.
What are you doing to stop AHCA?
Good.  He should be promoted to FT citizen again;)
I get nervous around Giants too... but I can't believe AG Sessions blamed you for making him lie under oath. Keep exposing the truth!
There is only one reason Jeff Sessions couldnt recall most of questions asked of him today. Coma.
connect the dots Belichick #spygate technology, Brady #deflategate,Trump #Russiagate, Robert Kraft #Putin, OMG, #Russians hacked Superbowls
You must expose what the Rep are doing trying to pass their DEATH CARE bill
Sessions is classy and Weird Al is a massive prick. Every question regarding the bogus Russia investigation should be viewed in that prism.
Keep pissing them off . You are doing your job when they don't like you
Feel free to use this quip, "Our President was born on third base and probably will be thrown out for stealing"
our AG is not the brightest bulb..the better choice for AG was Senator @KamalaHarris as seemed have grasp of law!! sad as hell.
Can you ask them to mention the circumstances surrounding your election? I personally find it very interesting. Funny stuff, super tight  .
I love when you're on @TheLastWord. You and @Lawrence are two of my favorite people to watch unpack political issues.
Great Show
You are a hero on the hill!
You will run for president, won't you?? Please!!!
What did Sessions talk with the Russian Ambassador about? Has that been asked and determined??
Please explain: WHY WAS THE RUSSIAN AMBASSADOR AT THE RNC CONVENTION? HAS ANYONE EXPLAINED THAT?
Sessions just made a mockery out of the senate.  Will congress take this kind of a joke too???  United States Congress?
Sen. Franken, Good luck in bringing AG Sessions to yours' & Sen. Dianne Feinstein's Judiciary Comm. You guys have teeth! @Michael36776349
Exceptional as always.
Senator Frankenstein thank you for making the clarification re the questions  you asked him that he said wasn't clear Actually it was very C
It is sad that Sessions can refuse to answer questions and there is no legal recourse because GOP controls all 3 branches #sad
Great!!!! 
You ARE the giant if the senate! Thanks for fighting for americans. This admistration cannot be our normal.
Always knowledgeable & sharp. Thanks for all you do.
I've heard you say that comedy is more fun than governing. No offense, but I think you're a better senator than comedian. Thank you.
"Collective amnesia"...... great choice of words senator.  I couldn't agree more.
Wait!didn't I hear that this AG say that he would recuse form anything to do with Clinton investigation at his confirmation hearing?Fraud.
"It is Lawrence" lol
No evidence of collusion....or obstruction of justice.
appreciate your interview.  Jeff Sessions is either inept or dishonest. Either way bad appointment #MSNBC
Seems Jeffy has a problem with honesty 
Jeff Sessions Praising James Comey Clinton email handling
how many times is the AG sessions able to lie under oath and not be terminated???
.@SenFranken please don't allow any of them to get away with it.  #contempt is un-American!
Go Al!


I will gleefully be watching! Franken for President 20/20
We are patiently waiting to here from you......Although we have to tell you that we want to see a small AG recover his memory.
Why isn't he fired/resigned?   Sessions is no more credible than Flynn!
Jeff Sessions is a big fat liar.
Looking forward to it!
I've literally been waiting for this ALL DAY since that Forrest Gump (or Forrest Trump ) clown dropped your name!
We are listening!
Great.
Ask how AG can refuse answer in case privilege might be asserted later when it hasn't been generally? U can't refuse per 5th to use later.
I'll be there
So proud of both my Senators from Minnesota!!!
Who cares
So Sessions lied under oath: @SenFranken @Lawrence @TheLastWord Acting FBI Director Disputes White House #Comey http://a.msn.com/01/en-us/BBB1GxA?ocid=st …
Thanks for the shout out you gave The Range on the 11th Hour with Brian Williams! I am proud to be Ranger born and bred!!
C'mon Senator! Give it to us straight. Can everyone just give the same lame responses  without consequence??
Am I the only person watching today? Franken looked like a special needs student compared to sessions
Did Sessions ever talk to Rosenstein about the FBI's Trump/Russia investigation either before or since Comey was fired?
Debate trump on air let me moderate.
What can be done about all this since they are all corrupted?
Can't wait to hear your opinion on this matter 
Will anything come of all this madness?
Might want to underscore the fact that as the nation's AG, he's not even curious about Russia interference.
Appears he has a SEVERE case of Alzheimer's!!!   He'd better resign.
Sessions said he believed Comey said he talked privately 6 or more times with Obama. Comey said twice. Sessions did that on purpose.
Repeatedly said he wasn't briefed on info, didn't remember anything, too nervous with quick questioning. Time for him to resign.
Go Senator Franken! Thank you for your tireless work for the American citizens, don't give up the fight!!!
A.G. Sessions kicked your angry racist bigoted Anti-America Fascist Liberal Dem Sharia Law Open Borders Totalitarian Freaks. AMERICA FIRST!
Thank you for your Service @SenFranken !  Please No Ramblin Questions Tonight @Lawrence (Sorry, my sarcasm is kicking in again.) 
What's this 9 PM CT?
And I'll be watching!!
And I'll be watching. With #Popcorn. #AlFrankenMillenium
AG Sessions needs to be ordered before the Senate again and this time ordered to answer all questions!
Looking forward to your response to his targeting you. Sessions lack or memory and no legal basis for not answering ?s = resign.
Please do, &ask @SenJohnMcCain & @SenatorBurr why they treat @SenKamalaHarris so outrageously #senatorHamBiscuit #remembernuttin' hearing
One possible reason Sessions wouldn't answer was he knew Trump would likely tell a different story later. Throwing Sessions under the bus.
Oh goodie! @maddow & then u! Making some extra snacks! ♡
It's .@Lawrence , right?
10pm est
Bought your book today Al. Much respect.
#RussianAmnesiaEpidemic
Cannot wait! Loved you back in the snl days & love you even more now!! Thank you for being one of the good guys<3
Old Stonewall Sessions. No one should be surprised by his less than forthright testimony. He's a DJT puppet.
.@SenFranken your #1Book 'Giant of the Senate' is indeed brilliant. Ordered audio CD for my blind dad. We'll laugh together. You're welcome!
We will be watching and listening
Go get him, he went after you turnabout fair play
Tuning in!!! Keep it up,
should have been called out on his motives...lost opportunity
You gonna run for POTUS in 2020?
No one cares.
Just know it's disconcerting that the AG not only won't answer questions, but can't recall way too much. Another idiot in DC?
Will be watching. 
Thank you Al. @SenFranken
Good I missed u today!
entire GOP involved.trump dictator. Help!!!
Let it go!
We'll be watching!
Sen Fränkin Sessions threw shade time to fire back I know you can take anyone in the senate on time to play Dirty like the Republicans
Thank you for all that you do for our country!! The GOP is corrupt and ALL should be investigated and voted out!!
He clearly perjured himself in January and double-downed today. The question was clear; no context needed. What is remedy? Who prosecutes?
Can't wait!
Look forward to it. Glad to have a decent person in the senate- along with my own @SenMarkey and @SenWarren
he lawyered up (i can't recall) avoided incriminating testimony. trump n he found sneeky way to use potus privilege.
Help us Al, PLEASE!!!!
I don't trust AG Sessions
Love you Al!  Can't wait to hear this "session" from ur viewpoint.
CAN'T WAIT TO WATCH THE SHOW TONIGHT!!
Can't wait
Can't wait!
But what will you do?
I will be watching..
You chose a great show... @chrislhayes @maddow @Lawrence are all great shows to be on senator
#idonotrecall #notthatimawareof #idontthinkso = #stonewalling
.@SenFranken @TheLastWord It is @Lawrence ...isnt it?
A couple a losers....his ratings are as bad as your work as an actor

Someone with such a poor memory probably shouldn't hold an office that requires one to be sharp and have a good memory
Amen.Does he recall the dogs during the Civil Rights abominations in Alabama in the 60's? He has been a disgrace for a long time.
Senator can you explain why the Russians were at the RNC? Why were they mtg with them? Russians have not been at the conventions before
Awesome
Find out why a missile array is going to southern Syria. Please. The illegal missile strike a couple weeks ago got swept over too.
Jeff Sessions does not even know the duties of a Attorney General. How can you never have discussed Russia with memo's & talks. Really?
I'll be watching! My husband and I like both you and @Lawrence
Seal it with an apology please.
Not much to talk about! Sessions acted like a man with a memory problem while having prepared answers of:"I don't recall, remember or think"
Will you be discussing your rambling question that so confused the AG?
As always, I will be watching.
Just in case you need to fill airtime, I'll leave this here.
When the shoe is on the other foot... Sen. Jeff Sessions to Alberto Gonzales during congressional testimony in 2007: 
Translation, I will be spreading it so thick, you will need boots to keep shit off your feet!
answersthis question is executive privilege without uttering the word so how should Congress reaction
When will you & @KamalaHarris  announce you're running for POTUS? #DreamTeam #HarrisFranken2020
He's a big fat liar!!!!
and I'm positive you won't be rambling.
Please please please (I'm from Canada, I can't help it) talk about if Jeff Sessions was on the other side? Would he accept today's answers?
This was our second case of avoiding answering never a yes or no! Second contempt of congress & nothing!He talks Ukraine but not ever- how
I am moderate (57% Rep & 43% Dem).  Dems are clueless and keep pushing more mods to the right.  End the baseless witch hunt & get to work.
When is someone going to have Sen. Kamala Harris's back?
Al, Lawrence, Please read @SethAbramson thread on Sessions, he is former criminal attorney and it is full of incredible insights!
I'm curious that he "couldn't" talk about whether potus told everyone to leave when he spoke to Comey, that's an easy answer. potus says no.
I sure hope to hear the word SUBPOENA
Can't wait!!
Love how the MN Sens are standing up to this crooked band of forgetful souls while some others are kowtowing. @SenTomCotton #Russianamnesia
Minnesota is progressive.
It's complicated ask the republican state legislature 
Please blast him. That is nonsense with all the "I don't remember." I don't believe him. Also, he should be forced to answer the questions.

Who at AG Sessions level doesn't takes notes after sensitive meetings with Intelligence significance?
stonewalling, lies, jibber-jabber abt policy by folklore at US DOJ (gimme a break - unwritten policy)
Get 'im
What are they all hiding?
Questions
1. Are cabinet members part of a cult
2. Loyalty pledge usurps oversight
3. Should he resign
Can you get a Sessions puppet and do a ventriloquist bit where you re-enact your questioning of him in committee?
Bless you.
