Forgive me for fanboying a moment; forget the 80s. You’re making -this- the Al Franken Decade. :) Keep on fighting; you give me hope.
Thanks
No, actually it's not, especially since the US gave up all rights to the internet. Net Neutrality is just another way to censor new ideas...
You make no sense
#netneutrality is not neutral.  #stopnetneutrality
Translation: "I am an ISP shill."
net neutrality is short for gov reg of internet. No thanks.
That's great sir but when are we all going to have an open discussion about Russia running out government?
If we lose Net Neutrality, we never will have the discussion you wsnt.
No, no it's really not. Speech was quite free on the Internet before NN, thank you very much.
Yes, it was free, bcuz no network provider had implemented separate fast & slow lanes: they were all slow. A lot has changed.
I don’t know what “fast and slow lanes” have to do with freedom of speech, but I do know that demo of “slow” y’day didn’t impact me at all.
This is our time's equivalent to book burnings and destruction of Elvis records.
Agreed!!
You know America is a Republic, right Senator? Do US a favor & do this free course on the USC https://online.hillsdale.edu/courses/constitution-2017/home/course-schedule9264 …
.@senfranken -- http://freespeechmarch.org  stands for #netneutrality & hopes you'll join us on Nov. 18 to support #freespeech/#freepress. Thx!
Mr. Senator, When I was "younger", you made me laugh. Now you make me proud. Thank you.
Not a free speech issue but agree Net Neutrality is necessary

Trust in Jesus. John 3:16
So your keeping the internet free? I have trusted you to keep or government honest for years so I know you and Amy will fight this.
Thanks for keeping up with all the crazy issues being rammed down American throats.  We just don't know where to look at any moment, anymore
YOU should run for president! I'd work my fingers to the bone volunteering for you!
GO SENATOR FRANKEN!
huge challange, bc if bandwidth & highspeed is heavily allocated to big providers & specfic ISPs,then you cant compete,like U cant advertise
One thing I do agree on you with.
Thank you
@SenFranken talks here about why this is the 1st amendment issue of our time.
Make no mistake, if we loose #netneutrality it will impact you
Positively impacted that is!!!
Negatively impact that is!!! It would allow for isps to block access to things the don’t like and charge us more for taking things away
That's exactly right. As @SenFranken says: 'this is the 1st amendment issue of our time'
Congress shall make no law abridging the freedom of speech, #NetNeautrality  is gov control of the internet, wake up America!!!
Funneling ((just some)) information from one zip code to another is a crime tell the FCC to wake up!!!

#openinfofairrates

FCC = 3 members
US = 350000000
stop the 3 monkeys at fcc
OUR net neutrality

 
Potentially, ending #NetNeutrality could allow ISPs to block/slow access to foreign domains that don't pay them for speed. Extortion much?
Al 2020 
As usual, I don't think it is this simplistic - you don't cherish freedom, this is about control.
You should get someone to read the 1st amendment to you; that is not at all what it says.
Course, we live in a republic... but you knew that right?  "& to the republic, for which it stands..."
You speak with fork tongue.  You say you're for free speech and freedom,but you and the democrats are always trying to take it away.
Those that do not want the internet to remain free and open are not very deep thinkers or are corrupt Net Neutrality must remain in place.
LIAR
It is also seeking 2 control the interwebs for their own profit.This has to be some form of an anti-trust/monopoly ,acquisitions & mergers
The left, who support political correctness and strict ideological obedience or you lose your business suddenly support "freedom"?  ahahah!!
we're all going to be sorry when Verizon's former lawyer - trump's FCC comm - breaks our internet.
Well,if it's vital to our democracy it makes perfect sense #GOP wants to sell it for campaign donations. More #graft
Thank you Senators Franken and Brown! It's good to know we have Senators who truly care for their constituents and country!#netnuetrality 
Thank you Senator.
I must say that the good Senator has an amazing gift for making ever increasingly stupid statements
Basically people see a Rep vs Dem issue and many have no idea what net neutrality is? Neutral is good. Research people.
#GoGetEmAl
Absolutely and thank you Senator Franken!
The entire industry around the internet builds upon this principle. It would collapse without it
#NetNeutrality
Thank you for all you have done and continue to do protect free & equal access to Internet.
Al Franken for president.
You're working your ass off, Senator! Thank you!
If the opportunity arises, I wish someone would ask Trump if he has completely read the constitution or bill of rights in the past 18 months
I think that would be good thing to ask Franken, 10th amendment precludes Net Neutrality hell it precludes the FCC
Everyone knows it's a sham now.  Thanks for supporting such garbage.  When franken supports something,  the American people know its shit
Thanks, Al!
Th internet should be declared as a public utility; more and more appliances, health and happiness depends on accessible internet.
Under Title II it IS essentially a public utility. That's what @AjitPaiFCC wants to change.
@AjitPaiFCC #NetNeutrality #NetNeutralityDayOfAction
Come on people how much are we willing to pass off as political rhetoric in the name of capitalism Bc of citizens United they r 1 & the same
Privatizing the internet is just as bad as any other privatization. Buth, this time the assets belong to tons of corporations, not the gov.
Promote who donates to the Rs. Follow the money
Democraps outspend republicans every election.  After they lose the money then gets funneled to protests.  Follow the money is right!
Im interested.  Show me the proof/numbers
Thank you! People should comment on the FCC website until July 18 at https://www.fcc.gov/ecfs/filings/express …
Great..but what's up today questioning Wrays? He has ties to Russia! Didn't anyone know that? Weird.
Please explain it?
The Postal Service should be an isp, as required by the Constitution to be free of corporate censorship.
I absolutely agree with Sen. Franken on this.
Do your research
Pot meet kettle?
Somebody needs to go on Fox and explain what net neutrality means. Willing to bet vast number of Forgotten have no idea what's at stake.
Thank u 4 fighting for net neutrality, Sen. Franken!
If you care about free speech or economic development or just plain fairness, we need #NetNeutrality.
Republic, Al. It's a Republic.
You are correct .
@comcast Dan it will begin to feel lonely on this issue over at Comcast.
Please keep standing up for us Sen. Frankin! Especially those of us in MN, we love and support you!
Lol. Minnesota is going down hill fast.
Sorry never gets old.
THIS! Dems file to impeach Trump per The Hill:
I think I can speak for the Internet when I say: THANK YOU SENATOR.
This takes away our certainty that we are in control of what we see on the internet.
??
