Please run for president that way we have four more years of Trump. MAGA.
That's it. I'm moving to MN!
Ah, how's your cholesterol and blook pressure and glucose @SenFranken? We need you in the senate. Maybe an egg white?
Dude relax. It's just a sweet roll. He's not tipping back the fridge. Senator burns off more calories sitting than most do in a day.
You haven't read his book yet?
My son visiting from Germany made sure we stopped there enroute to Two Harbors because - tradition.
Yes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
With or Without?

As a member of congress it must be with nuts.
Al, You crack me up! Your looking like a Midwesterner.
The hardest working man in the Senate deserves a treat! Kudos!
Tobies is one of the most overrated tourist traps in Minnesota.  Their caramel rolls are ok, but the restaurant food is horrible.  If they weren't located right next to the highway, no one would give a shit.
You bet!
The Minnesota State Fair starts today. I'll start my diet the day after Labor Day.
Anything for free food. lol j/k
Send me some!
On first trip to Ely w new boyfriend, he made us stop for Carmel  Rolls. Ditto for 2 yrs; I moved there. And then I left.
Sometimes you do the right thing.
Good to see you having some fun back home. Rest up, when you get back to Washington Trump could be playing a violin as the city burns!
Lucky duck!
no kids happy meals?
I LOVE YOU!!!!!!!
Did you make a donation at the casino?
I love Tobias too!  Best bakery ever!
Tobies, sorry
Did you happen to notice if a Confederate flag blanket was displayed at outdoor shop across the street? I told owner it was offensive.
Hey You've got the right idea!   Thanks for the RT!
We need u to be our Giant in the WH.  Listen to Al read @audible  "Giant of the Senate" and rec to your friends
Just last week.
You were great as usual on Bill Mather. Thanks for being a great Senator.  From a CA fan.
I am done with every single one of you! You ALL lose my vote & support. Not one of you has the   to stand up & YELL "ENOUGH" #pathetic
Lookin' good @SenFranken
Very strong happy senator of Minnesota Al Franken thank you
Enjoy you deserve it!
We stopped there last year when we visited MN. Still remember how tasty the sweet rolls were.
Hi, I'll challenge w/ "The Shelburne," which I just learned is not offered when it's hot, being toasted!  Darn. Woodstar, Northampton, MA
You are adorable Senator!
I love you Al!
Betcha Lucas Davenport or Virgil Flowers have stopped by often.
Glad you are relaxing a little bit.  When you get back to Washington, it is time to force @realDonaldTrump to resign.  #TrumpResignNow
Don't think you're a calorie counter!
You need to spend 100% of your time giving us a detailed plan that will remove this lunatic from office. Nothing else matters right now
Love you Senator Franken
Whatever Tobies are. I just love your smile!
You look great Al. Gotta love your fabulous smile. So glad I live in MN now and that you are my Senator.
We love you Al
I hope you brought enough for everyone.
Luv ya Al
So you gotta supply yr own stick? Deal.
Yeesh. Love ya but this is jarring among all the tweets about Phoenix. #recordscratch
Yes, we always stop at Tobies too
I'm from NC. I wish you were my Senator.
Making my mouth water!  Those rolls are the best.

I hope you brought enough for the "Twitter" class Senator.  _just sayin'  ;-)
Yummy!  We had some while visiting last month.
Carbs and sugar... are you insane?
You are a fraud please resign.
Eat too many of those and there may end up being more of Al Franken to love?
.@SenFranken Al Franken for President 2020 or even now......
The sooner, the better.
Those are the best!
This tweet is too cute.
Enjoy. I love your state!
Let's promise to keep him supplied if he changes his mind about running! Franken for POTUS-2020!!!
If it weren't for your heavy security detail I would snatch that bag right out of your hand!
Don't think I didn't notice agent 13 in the trash can behind you. Ha!

I LOVE that place!
Tobies!!!!! Lord, I miss it!!!
Awesome! I had NO idea Stuart's mom was from Minnesota!? Doh! Color me stupid but I'm now happy! 
Yummy
Careful @SenFranken, down to Earth stuff like that might get you elected President. #2020
Al knows what's up. Tobie's caramel rolls are the BEST.
depraved & sick. shame on you! SHAME SHAME!
How could you do this to me? Do I post photos of me eating freshly roasted green chile while you have none? I still love you, though,
This Texan would love to see you run for President in 2020, please say you will!
Senator al:  pls run for president!
I want one!
Caramel....?   Rolls.....?   be right over....
Not as good as they used to be
Try the Apple fritters and the walleye sandwich for lunch!
That sounds so good right now
I DONT KNOW WHAT A CARAMEL ROLL IS.. BUT IT SOUNDS DELISH ...
@SenFranken we love you!
Honorable Senator, Sir, if your not careful you will have to spend uncountable hours either on a treadmill or stationary bike.
Love you buddy.  How can I vote for you from MA? #alfrankinforpresident
Is Minnesota still part of the union?
Have a wonderful day 
Shouldn't that be 'Tubbies'? Don't eat too many.
Looking forward to seeing those caramel rolls in the White House when you're president :)
I've never had any, but your description of them sounds scrumptious! Enjoy, Senator, and thank you for your government service!
Do they ship to Colorado? Love me a good caramel roll!
Amen! I want some in MA!
They are the best!!
Now you're talkin' !!!!
Don't start eating like trump now -- you need to be in fighting shape for your 2020 presidential run! 
I am with u. Love SenFranken
Run for President!
Cc: @shudaj #engagementdaybreakfast #adoughnutaday
Tomorrow, Al! Opening Day MN State Fair!!!
Love that you're in Northern Minnesota, my home..
You have my attention!
Enjoy Al, just don't overdue it.  We may need you in the future.
Careful Al or @FoxNews  @seanhannity @TuckerCarlson     will accuse you of picking #winnersandlosers
Get back to Washington! We need you!
OOwww, I bet they're tasty.

Great promo...did you bring me any?
Love Tobies. Enjoy!
Is this a sponsored tweet?
