Thank you for your leadership! 100% clean energy by 2035
Did anyone check with Betsy DeVos to see if the extension cords are dangerous to the kids?

(Kidding)
As someone with a vested interest in the future stability of our planet, 
thank you...!
A WIND powered bus. Well now there's someone thinking!
Just think if they could harness all that wind power in Congress.
You need to make sure Trump see this. He thinks these kinds of things are a fairy tale.
You sure work hard for your  state. Great Job.
Very cool!
Can that bus be adapted to burn coal?  I hear it's making a big comeback!
Good stuff! 
Make America Grand Again AL Frankin!
Really enjoy reading @SenFranken 's book. Highly recommend it for your summer read. Articulate, smart guy who makes a difference.
Congrats and thank you for continuing to move forward!#thebuswentbyandigoton
Bumper sticker idea: Trump lied and Democracy died.
That is coo. Wind powered! Woah. We need more alternative renewable energy sourced vehicles
Meanwhile, @realDonaldTrump works feverishly on the Coal-Fueled-Buses-Bill & bringing back the Iron Lung 
#coalminingkills #BlackLung #-45
@FarmtoSpace
INSERT SCOTT PRUITT: But how can the bus run if it's not windy outside? Minnesota should be using clean coal to power the bus!
The bus is obviously using up all the wind, too.
Fantastic, may there be MANY more!

Could  you trick 45 to like a ride in it? 

Preferably a family outing, close to a jail?

Beep beep
Hmmm...sort of looks like half a school bus, and half a bus going to prison. Is the wind power generated by driving fast? #FunWithRenewables
You mean we don't have to be part of the Paris accord to make smart decisions on energy? Amazing!
Just asking for a certain group of supporters, does the fan on front of the engine provide the wind power?
AWESOME!  Please get more and more of those electric buses and more and more wind turbines. Fight terrorism by making oil worthless!
Omg..this is spool cool..no more black smoke...clean air
Oh awesome! Way to go Minnesota!
Where do the sails go?
Where's your outrage & support for this women ??   Hypocrite
Have you shown this to 44
Meant 45
Trump says kids shouldn't have to wait for the wind to blow. Where bringing back coal bus  jobs!
How cool. (No pun intended)
I drove school buses when I was in college, with Columbia Capital Bus Company in St Paul.  We've come a long way, baby.
We'll done indeed!
That is brilliant! Perfect match! We should have them in Arizona and use solar!
Does that make it a #sailbus?
Please tell me that what the picture isn't showing is a big propeller on the front.
Does it PLEASE have seat belts?
Thanks for continuing to forge ahead even with that bloated orange weight around your neck. We need you in the Senate and someday, the WH.
Brb moving to Minnesota
Sounds like someone forgot their Prozac.
Yay!
AWESOME!!!! Best news of day. Renewable energy at work. Showing the next gen that YES WE CAN have clean air & water! Great example. Bravo!

Thank you, Senator Franken
Is this a setup for a fart joke? 
Awesomeness! Now to incorporate electronics and natural power to our future engineers 4th graders!
WOW!  That is great!
Of course, Big Oil propagandists will be blogging about how kids will miss school when the winds are calm and people will believe them.
Yep indeed-trump loves his uneducated supporters-all he has to do is say this is fake news and his supporters will agree.
Good to hear.
Wind? so as the bus moves the radiator fan(or whatever they are using) in the front powers it?
That is great! How soon until this becomes a normal thing?
Minnesota is lucky to have you, lucky to be moving forward rather than backward. Wish the rest of us could say the same.
Remember well the '30s.. electric street cars ..4 mi 2 the Mpls loop.. lots of wildlife everywhere..... about one million ppl on the planet!

THIS ..... is the kind of vehicles we need for today's economy and planet. NOT self driving !!!
And self driving. Like it or not, humans suck at driving
With as much hacking that is going on in today's world, self driving vehicles are more dangerous than ever. Solar or electric is the path.
The two things are not comparable, how you power a vehicle has nothing to do with who or what does the driving.
a vehicle powered by solar or electric means has no "hacking" capability. Driver in control. Opposed to a vehicle driven by computer ...??
Ummmm. So the sun drives the car?
Way to go Senator!
Cool(/):i
Don't tell trump he will find be a way to shut it down

