
I like it!
You don't understand how much churches do in rural areas, where they can barely support themselves. . .


I was unable to vote due to my age, but I am a liberal, and would've never voted Trump.
All I was saying, is that in rural areas, churches do a lot for the community, like donate to food banks and organize blood drives.
And a lot of church evangelist preacher's live in multi million dollar missions and donate shit to anyone except their families!
If you have blueberry pancakes, I'll drive up from Florida.
I'm sure that Senator Franken, sensitive to the needs of his constituents, provides low-sugar options on the breakfast menu.
But I want stinkin blueberry pancakes!
I prefer my pancakes without the stink. So does my diabetic wife of 43 years.
Gotcha. Diabetes sucks.
Agreed.
There are many reasons to move to MN, here's another big one!
What are 3 regular ones?
Awesome outdoor activities. Great schools. Friendly people.
Cool, cool.
I'm so proud of you. Wanna help a rebel in Ohio make a difference? Please send me some ideas!
Would you consider moving to NY 
Please Run for Pres. Sen Franken.. You're Awesome!
You are such a stand up guy. Without your voice and the courage of other Dems, the future would be even more bleak. Canada loves you!
Well well well, the plot begins to thicken! What is the update on Lynch collusion?
Another puppet. Hahaha
i thought #PaulRyan said these meetings were too dangerous. do you have a death wish?
Seems paul ryan & other repub cong/sen lie to avoid serving their constituents. Serving may not be easy but it's what they volunteered 4.
Wish you were our rep. in TX. Ted Cruz thinks he knows what we want but won't attend local townhalls.
Sounds like the epitome of arrogance. It's like a doctor trying to treat a patient but doesn't want the patient to tell him his symptoms.
That is a fantastic comparison. You are exactly right. @tedcruz holds townhalls in DC where most Texans will never be able to go. #fearful
Al, I'm proud that you represent Minnesotans.
#AlYourDaBomb
Yeah he is, isn't he? How do we replicate him throughout the country?
And can you explain to your right wing colleagues how to do the same? Maybe a step-by-step manual. Illustrated for simplicity please
Thom Tillis and Richard Burr don't feed anyone that doesn't bring a checkbook. Quid Pro Brunch.
I wish Rep. @PeterRoskam would meet with his constituents, hold a town hall, send a newsletter, email or respond in anyway.
U should demand it unless he's elected 2 alienate himself from folks he's sworn 2 serve. These elected officials believe it's all about them
you should think bout a Pres run Al. I believe you're a man of honor, compassion and benevolence  It's what the country needs
Not a bad idea.
I like to go, but I live in California. Would you fly me to Minnesota for breakfast, thanks. 
If only the rest of our congressmen & senators remembered how they got elected & whose interests they're supposed 2 represent & priorities.
How do Minnesotans get invited to this weekly breakfast? I think this is a great way to stay in touch with the people.
No invitation necessary, you just have to sign up. https://www.franken.senate.gov/?p=breakfast 
So, you have a mini town hall every week, but your #Republican peers can't seem to face their constituents at all. Good for you!
Al Franken for president!
Please save America & become our next President. I'm begging!! Thank you. :)
Good for you Mr. Franken. If only we had more elected officials like you who remembers who they are supposed to represent. Thank you.
...and they R fortunate 2 have U as their Senator! Wish we had more like U around the Country! #ImpeachTrumpPence #RussiaGate #Resist #p2
We were there a year ago. Yummy breakfast and even better company. I was so optimistic about the upcoming election. Sigh
What can you do to stop these people from hurting us? This is terrifying! You need to get the message out as to what they are doing!
Betsy DeVos freezes Obama-era rules meant to protect student borrowers http://cnnmon.ie/2rR1Ytj  via @CNNMoney
@RepKinzinger sounds like a good idea.  I'll come to Washington to meet you.  Just because you don't agree doesn't mean you can't be civil.
I wish we could clone .@SenFranken.
I'm a MN native tho no longer a resident. Can I still come to b'fast w/Al? 
We're proud to have you representing Minnesota @SenFranken.  Thank you for your work.
Al Franken for President!
Jealous of every Minnesotan. I hope you might consider a white house run someday.
Wish you were my senator @SenFranken .  Keep up the good work.
That is truly a breath of fresh air. Respect, sir.
 Senator Franken.
We truly are blessed in Minnesota and appreciate the dedication of both Amy and Al!
Lived there for 20 years! Such a great place....so glad you are representin! :))
Great that you do that others should follow your lead.
Is it free? Are there biscuits & gravy and/or corned beef hash? 
You are just A Giant among mortal men...
You are an amazing human. I don't live in MN, but I feel as though you speak and act on my behalf with courage and integrity. Thank you
I only wish you were my senator. Minnesotans should be very proud to have you.
How are constituents chosen? Random drawing? Hand picked? Trying to get my rep @cathymcmorris to meet with folks that are not hand picked.
It's supposed to be by lottery. They stopped years ago. Not all of them, of course.
Best breakfast I ever had in DC!
what a great idea...be nice if @senrobportman would do the same thing for those of us in OHIO....
Wish I was a Minnesotan! You're doing a great job!
Franken for President!
Keeping in touch with your constituency? What a novel idea!
@SpeakerRyan see, there are members of Congress who are courageous enough to meet with their constituents, face-to-face. You are a coward.
Oh, the perks of doing your job, representing your constituents & serving your country w/ethics + compassion. Repubs should try it sometime.
That is reason enough to move to MN. So jealous. I am in UT and would rather be dead than have any meal with our so called representatives
Sen Franken, you make me long for a world in which Minn is a coastal state or one in which I'm at home in a landlocked state. (Lake not=sea)
Well, if we do nothing about climate change...
This is how a member of the Senate should conduct himself: with curiosity, humor, and principle. Thanks for your work, Al Franken!
You're a great senator!!!
I agree!
#franken2020
Much respect for you Senator Franken. 
I love you Al. I was a constituent, then I moved to FL but I'm moving back to MN next month. Proud to have you as a senator.
I bet they all turned in their health insurance so the wealthy can get big tax cuts. MAGA.
Can I get in on the breakfast if I'm not Minnesotan
PLEASE run for Prez in 2020!!! #AlFranken2020
A true representative of your people. Please don't retire.
A senator not actually to meet his constituents because he's working hard for them!
You wouldn't happen to host it at a certain spot in Dinkytown, would you?
Franken/Schiff 2020
How does one become an honorary Minnesotan?
Good question! 
