I always meet Minnesotans I’m proud to represent no matter where I go in MN. More on August visits in @austinherald: http://m.austindailyherald.com/2017/09/709678/ 
Please explain your stance against vapor technology. LIVES and jobs depend on this industry. It helps people quit smoking!! R U listening?
It's just another nicotine delivery tool.  Why not offer a "quit smoking tool" that actually lets people stop puffing?
Totally different nic delivery by #cigs vs #vapes ! You mean "quit smoking tool" with 3-7% success? You call that actually stop puffing!
Wouldn't prescribe/rec any drug with such a poor effect, only benefitting 5 of 100 patients against a killing disease, shouldn't be allowed
Watched 19 y.o. Nephew get addicted to vaping cereal flavored vape . To quit the vape, he moved to tobacco.
Really!  Candy flavored nicotine!  Why????
Yes, really, pure fiction, sorry, no shown addiction to nicotine, look up @FDATobacco
Sorry, what r you saying?  Nicotine is not addictive?  Do I understand your position?
Any chance you're willing to speak for residents of DC too?  Cuz we don't really have anyone speaking for us.
If you see @SenCoryGardner can you let him know his constituents would appreciate the same courtesy?
At this point, I'm kinda like "let it ride." People who are on the fence about voting him out might be swayed by him hiding? Who knows.
True that, I still like writing and calling. I even enjoy robotic replies with his party line responses. I wonder what he'll do in 2021?
I do get a certain joy out of how far he's reaching for ANYTHING else to talk about. Train whistles was the best so far.
Are u listening?
How unusual for a U. S. Senator, these days. Or so we constituents are left to think. Mimi-take the big hint. Here's yr role model in Sen F.
Why do u feel the need to tell people that?  Isnt that what u r expected to do?
But then you come back to Washington and do the opposite. Great job Christian hater
Like when they voted Bernie in the primary?
Or as a total moron would say, "Failing Franken skipped town instead of supporting Trump, who won the electoral college. Sad!"
#Franken2020
Thanks Al. There needs to be less dotards like yourself in politics.
Help us Please Sir
I am so appreciative of you blocking Trumps choice for judge. Thank you. Keep fighting that monster (and a large chunk of GOP agenda)
Wouldn't know it by the way you act. Seems like you believe your job is to move a progressive agenda forward....at all costs.
You are a hypocrite.  I have sent several messages thru your official Senate email and you have not responded to any to date. Why?
Please tell Senator Toomey from PA that!
You are appreciated,  even outside of Minnesota!  Go, Al!!
Wish you would explain that to your colleagues from Texas. It took a hurricane for them to show up.
Our you looking for a raise or just a pat on the back for working in August?
Depression
Wrong thread response, oops.
I wish every Senator did as much!
I'm not sure pat Roberts is able to leave his recliner.
False statement.  You only speak for a specific segment of MN. You don't acknowledge the positions of the rest of us.
You set a good example for MN 2nd District Congressman @RepJasonLewis 
(He doesn't get it)
Did you fly private jet from Minneapolis to Winona?
I follow you with great interest, and feel you take the time to listen to the people of your state. I live in NC, I am not so lucky.
Well, you are not listening then!
Senator Franken. Thank God youbare a much better comedian than a Senator! 
Please get away from the #altleft #altleft#
Shhhh..
Don't tell #marcorubio. We like mot being able to speak to our elected officials..ughhh
I wish Dean Heller respected constituents
He is a shameful excuse as a Senator and a horrible human.
300k Nevadans will suffer some will die
Wait...wut?  You mean you actually have the COURAGE to face your constituents with your convictions?  Unheard of!!!  GOP IS HIDING!
But, it’s not working!
Speak up DEMS!
Wow, what a concept. You'd think more Senators would do the same, sadly they don't want to interact with the people they represent
Okaaay....
Unlike a lot of Republicans #AlFranken #DefenderOfThePeople
Yeah, but do you know that Trump does not listen to the people. It's the dough, Moe. He says,  anybody don't like it can get the hell out.
Oh ok.
Minnesota is lucky to have you!
I live in MN and don't agree. He is a typical pandering politician. All talk and if you don't agrees with him he will not respond.
I live in fla I would take Al over rubio any day!
Love how hard you work for your constituents. Would you mind having a convo w/ @senmarcorubio and @SenBillNelson? Thanks.
Senator Frankenstein..please remind ur peers that was the job they signed up for.  Pat Toomey hasn't talked 2his constituents 4 a long time.
Or listened to this emails, phone calls, tweets, etc.
Did you charter a $25,000 jet or is that just for the @GOP ?
Oh yeah, tell us what they said about healthcare plz
Senator, save ACA!!!
Sen Franken, It sounds like Graham Cassidy are letting Murkowski keep ACA for Alaska if she votes yes on their bill.Please help expose this!
Can you show @SenatorCruz_ how it is done correctly? He thinks people bought his fake town halls.
Other politicians should take notes.
Novel concept
Must be coming up on running again
You should teach other Senators how the job should be done. My thanks to you sir.
Thank you!
could you explain that to @SenThomTillis and @SenatorBurr who refuse to have town halls or vote with respect to their constituents wishes?
Please share this w both @SenBobCasey and @SenToomey both have ignored rural constituents @theindianacente @mulderbydeath
Senator Franken, oh how I wish you were my Senator. Instead I am stuck across the border with the most vile of vile Steve King as my Rep:(
You make me want to move to Minnesota. Sad in SC.
Wish you were my Senator.
Well it appears that our Senator from CO I think you know him @SenCoryGardner does not do that can you give him a call say what about CO
Spoken by a patriot who understands the U.S. Constitution. MAGA
Did you charter a jet at government expense?  Apparently, that's ok now.
@SenThomTillis @SenatorBurr Gentlemen, FYI - this is how you Senator.
except for when those MN voices toldyou to use your superdelegate vote for Sanders and not Clinton, right?
@SenPatRoberts @JerryMoran Are you #listening #thinking abt #Kansans #HC or are u putting #PartyFirst #voteNO  #GrahamCassidy #NeverRepeal
I live in Phoenix but love you Al Franken!!! Can you believe, autocorrect tried to change your name to Frankenstein 
Did they tell ya they want trump impeached?
making you one of the very few who actually gives a damn.  Good on you!
I'm sooooooooo bummed I missed you at the fair! I stopped by your booth to give my praises! #Lovemysenator
A Senator that's meets with constituents ? Thats something only senators who care about their people do
I know of a television celebrity I'd love to become POTUS.
#AlFrankenForPresident
He would have my vote.

Worry about your own senators.
Nope
Yup
I agree with BISONDIESEL and I live in Minnesota. Al is a typical pandering politician. All hat no cattle.
Good for you.
I'm guessing Minnesotans don't want to die of curable diseases?
I am from Caledonia and am proud to have you represent my state.  Fight the health care bill that Cassidy/Graham think is terrific.
Enjoyed your book, thanks for standing up for Minnesota
I'll bet you didn't even take a private jet!
You are a role model for what a US Senator should be!  Keep up the good work, sir!
Maybe you could show @SenRonJohnson how to do that in #Wisconsin.
