Lying under oath, perjury. Needs to go to jail
So that means they take Hillary with him right! She actually did lie under oath, where he didnt but She gets a pass
Can you send me a link re: HRC lying under oath?
@s Carter are you for real? Benghazi, 33,000 emails for starters
Your so uniformed about Benghazi
Oh it was a video then?
Yes that is just a summary I dont have time to pull out each lie!
Thank u for your link-less summary. So, why no prosecution?
stuck to the facts grandma! A LIE is a LIE and the truth about a lie is, IT DOSEN'T CARE WHO TELLS IT!
Stupid? Not by a long shot granny however your #alternative memory is! *sips my tea*
that's what it is...you still think these are plantation days will get your feeling hurt! Hide behind social media!
Where was your outrage when Hillary lied? Oh and BTW He didnt lie you are the liar. Don't care about Americans just yourself!
Hillary didn't allow the uranium to go to Putin alone, dspite what Trump tells you it went through many channels
Wow, they really are that dense...precisely why we're in this mess. He got the dolt vote!
Aw, you guys are adorable when your panties are in a twist!
Heil Trump, sheep, Heil Trump!
@SenFranken - you're a sicko. You made a joke about your son studying beastiality in school. FGM rampant in your state as well. What say u?
They all need to be thrown out. This was a coup of billionaires and russia, saudia arabia... this is no joke.
If ?
@aravosis He did. And he won't. Too much work to do getting the Muslim Ban passed, block anything he can regarding Russia etc.
@aravosis IF?!?!
@KatCeccotti Cool, can you please draft one of these with Trump's name on it as well? #Impeach
not if he did and you guys start demanding a special prosecutor right now don't take no for an answer
Thank you!
@robreiner Pedophiles like you need to resign!
I like how you said "if you lied" not "you lied" you have become a very slick politician Al!! Typical Liberal BS!!
wait wait! So IF he lied he must resign Yet @HillaryClinton lied UNDER OATH as verified by @fbi Comey outrage was????
@rbaker65708 The little KKK bastard just fired all of the Attorneys. He seems a bit worried wouldn't you say? Fire him & Trump!
This racist should have never been sworn in, just like most of 45's cabinet, and 45 himself!! #IllegitimatePresident
@aravosis @JohnCornyn you need to join this letter from your colleague from MN.
Stuart Smiley needs an A-10 Warthog.
@Kathryn70856110 and be tried for perjury
Sen Franken, thank you. Do you think AG Sessions spoke to DJT's campaign on the same days as his mtgs w/ Amb Kislyak?
another snowflake in his safe place
@aravosis Sen Franken....have you all followed up on the Session perjury? Public has not forgotten all the lies, have you?
@rabidbadger Al, when are you gonna take the next "big step?" 2020.
If?  We know he did. Do all you can to get him out of there!
Since you're so outraged, where were you for 8 years?
He did.  He should.  He won't.

What options do you have to force him to resign?
The only guilty parties are democrats. And they are about over. America is sick of you.
Why Resign? You haven’t Sexually assaulted /raped anyone. Sen. Moore has sexually assaulted Teen girls. Republicans want your Senate Seat; that’s why they probably sending FAKE assaults by women to accuse you
Where is all of this going? America deserves the truth.
U.S. Attorney General is a position of trust
Never lied about anything, you tried to trick him. He had all the right to meet with the Russian. Never resign!!! #YEYEEGF
The FACTS show he lied under oath, the same thing he impeached Clinton for. So if it is good for the goose...
@pennypotter Nice to see outright evidence that @GOP is supportive of lying & corruption. #Vote 2018 let's repeal & replace @GOP
we need more than impeachment-fast.  this needs prison. this is a complete annihilation of the Oval and trust.
ICYMI
By Thursday afternoon internet sleuths had found at least 30 Democrat Senators who had meetings with Russian officials OH SNAP
@joethepatriotic @SenFranken official meetings publicly reported on & secret meetings lied about - not the same thing.
You Are Daft just like Stuart Smalley
I base my silly decisions of Facts not alternative facts - but thanks for trying to insult me - so cute
You are the source of Far Alt-Left Alternative "Facts" & You insult yourself LOL
you can try the old conservative bait & switch but it doesn't work. Try it with your friends, they'll buy anything
And you can Drink your Democratic-Fascist Kool-Aid We are watching all of you Brownshirts

The meeting you reference was a meeting with the whole committee, not one on one. Fact...check...
Context matters!
JUST LIKE THE CONTEXT OF SESSIONS QUESTIONS
Read the question and the answer...not really sure what your point is. He did not disclose the meetings.
i did he did
thank you! I am proud to have you as my Senator!
Sen Franken, if you endorsed a candidate who did far worse, you need to reassess. @SenFranken That was a HUAC question you asked Sessions.
Such a setup and now you're grandstanding as Joe McCarthy. Disgusting. @SenFranken "A CNN piece about Russian operatives having Trump info"
Why even read that during the questioning? @SenFranken What was your purpose? Did you already know he'd had two meetings before Red Scare?
Were you concerned that AG Lynch was compromised when she met WJC on a plane? I'm looking for your letters & tweets. @SenFranken
are you concerned that all the cabinet members are tied Into russia
Run all the Obama cabinet members through the same test, please.
what burns in the fire comes out, in the ashes
LOL - WTF does that even mean?!
Senator Franken It's crystal-clear he lied to you and the American people he should resign immediately
Have listened over and over to question as asked and answered.  He did not lie.  You guys are NOT listened due to your prejudice
@PrincessBravato go get them Senator Franken, we need you
@CitizenX7766 Is there any question that he lied?
@EllenMorris1222
...what you didn't even ask, so that shows what was on his mind, what he was trying to be nonchalant about. "Nothing here..."
And go to jail.
What do you mean 'IF'? I have ears and eyes. He had a guilty conscience as he stumbled on the words. He awkwardly answered ...
@PrincessBravato Then the democrats in congress need to get in their faces and DEMAND it. Stop being so polite! Grow some balls!
- Hahaha! You should think about going into comedy.
Wrong #AttorneyGeneral dipstick.
Do you call for all politicians who lie under oath or just the ones you disagree with politically?
@iamfonda Can you resign too? That would help out as well!
no ifs no buts there
He didn't lie. I know you are not an atty, but all of your questions were poorly stated. (As were most of your atty colleagues!)
like Hillary?
@robreiner maybe you 2 #Meatheads could do a Standup Comedy Show someplace where people care what you think! In another country
@alfranken @SenFranken KEEP IT UP, Senator! Perjury = Crime & Smoke = Fire. #resist #persist #Russia
@gop @senategop @housegop @SpeakerRyan @leadermitch @thedemocrats Yes
You need to educate yourself on definition of 'lie'.  Look it up. May learn something today...
I watched your questioning live. You asked a very specific question about a recent unproven CNN report #setup
stole sen seat thru fraud.Ppl shud demand recall/recount.Throw franken in jail, take retirement.
Trump entire team is a system of pathological liars!
If every US politician who lied under oath went to prison, congress would have a vacant feeling.
Unfortunately, he was asked if he communicated with Russians as part of the Trump Campaign, not whether he did at all.
why werent you as concerned about Hillary's lies?
@robreiner Mistake on the first line. The word Honorable!
also not his job description!
I thought he lied to Leahy too
HE NEVER LIED HE ANSWERED TRUTHFULLY TO THE LIMITED Q ASKED- IN CONNECTION TO CAMPAIGN HE MET AS SEN W/ 30 DEM SEN'S
Share our #MUST READ BLOG at http://www.GETAnalysis.ca  called: Trump & Team At It AGAIN
@PrincessBravato if?
impeach his...!
@OccupyDemocrats Thank you, Senator Franken. The American people deserve the truth along with #JeffSessions ' resignation.
If Push comes to Shove #Sessions #MustResign 
And/Or Jail Time Maybe ?
Franken far crazy-funnier than he ever was on SNL. You should be guest host and play yourself, we've had enough of Baldwin
but did he lie?
Except YOU asked the question, and YOU know that it was asked only regarding the AG's campaign role.  Be brave and just admit it
. Attn Gen Jeff Sessions what IS going on with this lie he told America?
Ah yes, but see how the attention has been turned away and onto the bogus wiretap claim?  Media going 24/7 on it.
You are the one who should resign. You're a freaking joke...and not even a funny one. Embarrassing!
He's too busy at Trump's resort selling influence to hear you.
Al Franken, tell us why Holder, Lynch and the likes didn't resign and we can start talking.
Sessions did lie plain and simple
Do you know who Philby Burgess Maclean & Blunt are? Sergey Kislyak is not a FIS contact. They aren't sloppy.
maybe Kate McKinnon could take his place? She seems far more credible.
You didnt even state your whole BullSh#T CNN question FAKE NEWS STORY...... YOU ARE SUCH A Lying piece os Shi# Politician
Good Job Senator you can talk about the FAKE CNN News story you asked Sen Sessions during hearing-  TRUTHFUL
I've thought highly of you ever since you made us all laugh on SNL. This letter is excellent! Thank you for the strong response!

not" IF",.. he LIED, he MUST RESIGN. DON'T pretend that he didn't know he was deceiving by saying ,don't recall
He was set up by obama, you know it! Time to investigate obama, finish HRC, L. Lynch, and the rest of the crooked dems.
@robreiner The fact that you are even a senator shows just how many idiots live in #MN. 
@robreiner Mr Franken-how were Session's remarks anything BUT a lie?  Can you clarify?
He lied he needs to resign . Why is there a ?
@robreiner This should be a no brainer. Wonder what Coretta thinks.....oh wait....
Thank You, Thank You, Thank You!
@kharyp  Trump's hostility towards Obama goes back to correspondence dinner....maybe further than that
@kharyp can a former President sue a standing President for defamation? He wants to stir up anger and confusion among his base
Asking "if" Sessions lied is overly generous. He lied and should resign. @realDonaldTrump @GOP @TheDemocrats @CNN @ACLU
He HAS to resign. He is a liar and we know it.
we need to keep on this al and not be squirreled by trump's latest distraction. sessions needs to GO
how is that any different from how he's been operating though? Gee I wish someone would do more than try to shame him
@JamesJordy Prosecute.
@LadyLiberty411 Thank U senator.Sessions needs 2 go,NOW!So do many others in DTs cabinet of corruption.#FireSessions
@LadyLiberty411 Senator Franken, please ask Sessions if he ever had contact with Russian ambassador prior to campaign.
@robreiner Sessions doesn't get a do over, he knew what you were asking and intentionally lied under OATH..Next, Perjury trial..
@Jacopo_della_Q ~Show me any politician who doesn't   lie. *Under oath* means nothing 2 them. Who's been truly held accountable?
@RandallHolmesAZ @washingtonpost @SenJohnMcCain @SenJeffFlake @RepRaulGrijalva @MaxineWaters ...> and held in contempt!
@WeinfeldRuth can we stop saying if? He lied..damn straight
insist he testify! No effin written response!  Unacceptable @ChuckGrassley what r u doing???
@robreiner U Dems r off ur rockers in a desperate attempt to discredit every single thing every single day. How pathetic & sick
Let me remind u he was elected by the American ppl. Stick a sock in it, put ur big boy pants on and deal w/ it
@LeftOfMainSt if i lie on my job application i do not get a do over. i get fired
@robreiner You misspelled *because*.
@votevets if if if no proof even with illegal wiretapping  duh 
@AnaFrom4110 let's not focus on the elf, can we focus on a mentally unfit #POTUS who rage tweets @ 4 am & has launch codes? @ABC
Thank you Sen. Franken.
Is he a lawyer? Could he be disbarred?
General Jefferson Bouregard Sessions.  Should be dismembered.   In a friendly, respectful way of course. @SenFranken @co_rapunzel4
@BLUE7IRIS1 Stay on course .Do not let DT diversions from wiretap  crap to Putin denial change this focus one of many.
@Rosie he didn't lie. You manifested what you THINK he said or what you wanted him to say. This is classic mental instability.
@robreiner they discussed golf and grandkids
perhaps it's time to discuss the election fraud that got you into the Senate? #voterfraud
@WeCallBullshit Thank you Sen. Franken!!!
this is silly and a waste of everyone's time and attention
@NancySinatra dude, it's a witch hunt. You asked about the campaign. Please focus on Sessions' real offense - voter suppression.
Sessions is secretly in Florida today to have dinner with Traitor Trump.  Why? Sounds like cover up time
Yes, thank you! Absolutely!
Lemmy Trump says let's rock
@humandecencyy oh Al u lie so much u can't tell the difference u r a joke
If Trump and his staff conspired with the Russians, it borders on treason ! Don't quit on getting his taxes subpoenaed !!
He doesn't deserve the title of "Honorable".
@FightingMad1 Al Franken. Good Senator, or Great Senator?
Thank You So Much Sen Franken. Please continue the RESISTANCE.
Unfortunately appeal to those devoid of Honor to be honorable is an oxymoron or is that (morons on Oxy)? Same dif
And Lock Him Up
EXACTLY @HillaryClinton dropped out of the race bc of her lies under oath. Ohh. Wait. I mean...just like @billclinton...no wait
Thank you for your stand in this matter.
Sessions committed high treason against our country but wants to fill private prisons with pot smokers? Lying drug war dinosaur
Needs to be charged with PERJURY.  He LIED under OATH.  Resignation and prosecution are in order here.
@Bunnynohare #HypocriteFranken yer whole party since the 60s has been a perpetual LIE on the American people!!! #MAGA FO LIFE!!!
Thank you for your vigilance. @amyklobuchar  too.
yes, thank you senators!! You give us hope!! 
Coward, what do you mean  "IF" 
Here's some real investigation>>>
Heres some real journalism for you FOX whatever you are.
https://twitter.com/dislesick/status/838036205354672128 …
under oath what a crock does that mean they can lie to us any other time which they do,there like 2yr olds tattle tell on each
Didn't your question stem from a @CNN article that was later proved inaccurate? @jeffsessions answered what you asked him.
INVESTIGATE FRANKEN & THE SO-CALLED CNN NEWS THAT HE SAID SESSIONS MAY NOT EVEN KNOW ABOUT BC IT JUST CAME UP. #SABOTAGE
why wouldn't you do it under oath? Are there more lies in your explanation that would expose you to more solid perjury charges?
if you have "splaining" to do, you'd better put on yer big boy pants and go do it before the panel, under oath.
and trying to 'splain away your lies in a letter (not under oath) is highly insufficient!
#potus2020
And if instead you were that forgetful, then you also need to resign & then get a neuro exam asap.
*because
Lock HIM up...Lock HIM up
All who saw you question Sessions knows what he was referring to. It's just your Leftist hate for him that's skewing the facts.
Excellent Al.  The position of Attorney General needs to be held to the highest standard of integrity.
Honest mistakes vs. lies with intent - 2 very different things. U need 2 stop Al. I loved Ur early work. I'm ashamed of U now.
really a stretch here - no lie here- splitting hairs and twistng the facts- this is exactly why dems lost- stop it
When you talk, it sounds like you're passing gas
