@POTUS is endangering our national security by eroding the
intelligence-gathering and -sharing relationship between the U.S. and our
allies.
@WhiteHouse needs to turn over any transcripts of last week’s meeting with the Russians to the Senate and House intelligence committees.
More than ever we need an independent, special prosecutor who can get to the bottom of the Trump team’s ties to Russia.
@POTUS needs to explain to the American people why he revealed highly
classified intel to the Russians. Full stmnt: https://www.facebook.com/senatoralfranken/posts/1362521020500443 …
Putin has transcript? Did they bug Oval Office
Annnnd? What are we doing about it Senator? #getaggressive
I'm profoundly disturbed that it hasn't been a week and he's hosting another dictator in the WH. Optics are lost on this administration.
His thugs beat up press!
Yet another reason he shouldn't have been there in the first place.
we r losing all credibility in world!
I don't know why nobody will step up and proceed to get trump put in prison for treason. It will make him so happy due to the huge ratings 
Pence and Ryan are the next 2 in the line of succession and they would be able to rally Congress behind damaging legislation easier.
Not a fan of Trump but as far as domestic policy is concerned getting rid of him may lead to more damage in the long run.
I agree vice is no better . He is as screwed up as trump. Our future doesn't look  good 
Be a bulldog, Sen. Franken! I'm behind you!
Me too... Very disturbed, and sick that people have been put in real time danger!!
I think the feeling is Global
We need to be more than profoundly disturbed. There needs to be action.
I am profoundly concerned you are disturbed by a second hand leak media report. Grow up
Do something
You are all we have going for us
I'm am too, but what is even more concerning is Sen. Burr's, and other public officials financial ties to Russia... Corruption
When is everyone going to stop making excuses for this man?? Everyone more concerned about leaks to media than Presidents leaks to Russia
Please! Why is this lunatic and his family reoresenting USA overseas? He is a big joke everywhere!
I'm disturbed by potus/russia in white house in the first place - our country is not being governed - old white guy frat party
So am I
Profoundness, obviously in rich supply this week, not so much when HRC was found running State Secrets on home server.
Me too. Fortunately Russia knows more than @realDonaldTrump and they just thinks he is funny?
Get trump OUT of office. He's a disaster for our country, our history, our democracy. Get him OUT....
@BerniesTeachers 
Q: Will you support Medicare 4 All?
A: Russia! Russia! Russia!
GET. HIM. OUT! How can it b that 100+ days into this crap, there's no current independent investigation of this loser? Make it happen!... 1
You can do it! Because you're good enough, you're smart enough, and dog gone it, people like you! #Proud2BMinnesotan #AlFRules
C'mon Stuart!
please convince your GOP colleagues in the Senate to do something about it
Do something.
The same reports also state he told Comey he should consider detaining/arresting certain reporters. Please help defen us, Sen. Franken #2018
My forehead is flattening from beating my head against the top of the desk
Like a child showing off his new toys.  It's pathetic!
This is a "report" not a factual statement as of yet.
And what else?????
I really think this idiot thinks our gov't is supposed to play out like an episode of House of Cards. This is ILLEGAL! #swingleft
With every ounce of due respect, Senator, please DO SOMETHING about it. Talking/tweeting doesn't help.
i'm disturbed that you know what twitter is it think you do
I'm even more profoundly disturbed that the "patriots" in the Republican party AREN'T disturbed.
Partner with a Republican and talk about it.
Well duh.
I'm equally disturbed. Given @realDonaldTrump actions these past months why hasn't articles of impeachment been drawn up? #ChecksAndBalances
And I'm profoundly disturbed by pretty much everything he's done since taking office!
Every American , every immigrant should be disturbed at the affairs and affiliations of this president. His actions are instilling fear
You didn't care one bit when Hillary had classified info on her private server. Anyway that report is just more #Fakenews
As you should, as the entire nation should!
Investigation and action must be taken, Senator. Our democracy is in danger as long as the GOP continues to protect him & refuse to help.
Bullsh*t .@senfranken. You don't give a rat's *ss about the charge or its credibility, only if you can use it 2 eff w/ .@potus.

Effing baby
Senator you are not the 'disturbed' one here, your boss is #Yertle DT
Not just Russians but a known Russian Spy. Then tried to hide it from the American Citizens. He is The Enemy of The State. Unfit.
Senator, we are with you
Have you decided to run for President yet?
I'm troubled about it.  #ImpeachTrump
I'd be disturbed if you weren't
What more does  GOP "leadership" need for them to return to actually supporting our country?
I wake up in fear everyday that a foreign country will take advantage of our stupid president. We are in danger
Isn't that considered treason? If I, a U.S. citizen, do it I know I'll have the full force of the law knocking down my door in no time.
AGREED.
Then do something about. Many people seem disturbed, yet our Congress does nothing
Wouldn't you love to be the first one to tell him he's FIRED!? You would do it best. Really you guy on The Hill should start on  who gets to
Let's see your sources proof , waiting, waiting...
Yeah Al, we all have "serious concerns". Let's talk about Pence, now just what the fuck are we gonna do with this morally superior creature?
Profoundly?
Just say it: "What the hell is he still doing as President?"
you should be, do something about it!
Imagine how the spy He'll probably get killed feels
Sen. Franken when is enough, enough? Trump has done things that you would never be allowed to do.
You need to rally the troops! Let's start the #trumpimpeachmentparty now!
But, but, the Republicans aren't the least bit upset.
Al, it's ok. Times like this, you to say I'm FUCKING PISSED that you are not already under Impeachment.
Yes, because you're American and you have a pulse
@SenFranken Its not surprising. He's in with the Russians, thinks he owns the country. Can't stop looking for admiration so he's gonna talk.
Democrats are destroying this country. Stop obstructing and for a change DO YOUR JOB.
Ever throw a party and guest stay too long. It's time to ask someone they have to leave! Thank You in advance.  bye DJT
We all are.........
#ImpeachNow
Plz Sir...Take Action of thec Overthrow of ourcGovt
Many are "profoundly disturbed." So what? We are disturbed and he goes out to play golf. We have nothing.
Impeach him now.
ZzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzZZZzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz zzzz #bored. Actions speak louder than words.
So do something!
So am i as a  @usairforce veteran of the cold war the actions Trump took if its not treason what is it?  #ImpeachTrump
what are you going to do about it???
Profoundly disturbed? Deeply troubled? Blah...Act then! Actions speak louder than words...oh wait we have no power...none! Disgusting
Better than @LindseyGrahamSC, he's mildly troubled. 
With the news of the Comey memo, when do you say the Impeachment word?
That's great do your doing WHAT!!!!?
Please block all action in the Senate until Republicans agree to a full investigation AND special prosecutor. Time to take out the TRASH!
All Americans should be profoundly disturbed, yet Trump supporters will deflect, cry about Liberal bias and blame the media.  Sickening.
.. it's a growing club
Then do something! Persuade Hse Repub's to start impeachment procedures! Country before Party!
Same.
I'm disturbed too. But what action is being taken? Is the reason we only hear how disturbed Dems are is because GOP has to initiate action?
You're a clown!  Can you even read, or at least watch TV?  This is #FAKENEWS
But your just fine having Hillary with a private server and violating the espionage act. What a hypocrite and partisan Marxist. Resign now.
Disturbed does NOTHING!  You're in a position to #DoSomethingDAMMIT !  So DO IT!!!
Can we move beyond deeply disturbed to  majorly pissed or full of righteous wrath? #impeach
Same Russians, same Oval Office. I'm disturbed that so many are claiming Trump was the first to have Russians in OO.
#MalignantNarcissism = #HIGHTREASON
Please Sir, #StopThisMadness
Join the club sir.
How much more will it take before GOP admits @realDonaldTrump is crooked & anti-USA??
You should be outraged, start taking action
Thank you for trying. We truly do appreciate your hard work on our behalf.
But are you surprised?
So how do you feel about Comey memo?
@realDonaldTrump He is a lying low information POTUS. Russian dupe
Im horrified at all of what this potus has done. In an old lady have never seen a crapshow in the WH before. Impeach.
I'm profoundly disturbed he is even our potus.
And what is the senate planning to ACTUALLY DO ABOUT IT?!?
What can I do? Can a private citizen sue POTUS for dereliction of duty, falsification of evidence, obstruction,...anything?
So am I! How much more do we need to endure?
Senator, what can I do!? I call and write my Senators and Reps daily. Please don't give up!
@alfranken   Profoundly disturbed? I'm  fn pissed off!!
And further...asked Comey to drop the Russia investigation according to memos written by Comey!!!
Why won't he share his tax returns with us?
I'm profoundly disturbed by you & US Senate Democrats hysterical talking points over anything the @POTUS does.  I'm tired of the BS BS BS
You and most of America. Or is it now Russia 2.0?
And that's not even the latest...Comey memo!
Profoundly disturbed doesn't cut it. Fucking FURIOUS says it all
Wait until you see what's coming next!
Profoundly disturbed?  Please I've been profoundly disturbed since Nov 9th!  You sir are in a position to protect our democracy, do it!
I am too. When will he be put out of our WH? All the other gangsters too please right away.
We need more than being disturbed we need him impeached from office. We need an independent investigation into his ties with Russia.
Annnnd??? What's next? Republicans praying it away like gun massacres
Do something Sen.Franken!!!
I'm just a Canadian bystander, but I'm more disturbed by how long tRUMP has been allowed/how deep it runs. Can America trust itself anymore?
Do something about it Senator!  Please!!!!
Being disturbed does nothing. ACTION needs to be taken NOW! Out system is broken when nothing can be done. We no longer feel safe.
So are millions of other Americans. #AlFranken2020 #FrankenforPresident
.@SenFranken This is where the rubber meets the road, Senator. All recordings and transcripts of Oval Office meetings should be subpoenaed.
@SenFranken, buddy, he's got to go.
Is this garbage that HE can change rules.  He is not above the law. There is talking of collusion with those same people. How is this?
What are you going to do about it??!
Thank you-so are the American people and our allies. what about GOP? What is wrong with them? #WeThePeople know Trump is unfit.
I'm profoundly disturbed too, Senator. Difference is that you're more equipped to do something about it than I am.
You're one of the good guys, but we need action not emotions.
Stop being disturbed and DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT!!!  LEGISLATE!!
You aren't the only one!  It wasn't OUR intel to share.  He did it to brag and to boast about how much he knew to his Russian friends.
And???????? According to law, even if he was stupid enough to oops, it calls for firing!! Start impeachment, let republicans hang themselves
So when can something be done about it...we have become a congress of words...we want action against Trump
What will it take to bring him and his swamp mates down?  Seriously, what??
Just disturbed?  I'm pissed off and ready to riot in the streets.
Well then start impeachment proceedings for God's sake! Enough "mad at this and that" crud, we're sick of disturbed and want action!
Let's get serious, Senator. No administration business gets done until we get meeting transcripts, independent investigation, tax returns.
Now you know how I felt when you nagated MN's caucus votes for Sanders with your superdelegate vote for Hillary.
Are you calling on the House to start impeachment?
I am disturbed 45 has turned our democracy over to putin.
My response to many North Carolinians, and Americans everywhere being profoundly disturbed is to run for office. I hope we can connect.
Then, DO SOMETHING!!, Al...
What is Congress going to do about it? What do we have a Congress for if it can't stand up for America and take charge of the situation?
Summary
 Tillerson-He didn't do it.
 McMaster-I was there. He didn't do it.
 Dina Powell-Lies! He didn't do it.
 Trump tweet - Yep I did it.
Please do something about it then. He is too incompetent and indiscreet to have access to sensitive information...or do much of anything.
What's it going to take to impeach this guy already????
I wish your GOP counterparts were even close to as disturbed as you....
But nobody cares.
Disturbed but not surprised?
Thank you for not using the tepid but popular "troubled", and for adding an adverb. I'd have gone with "I'm totally buggin'..."
Disturbed? Seeing my neighbor wearing short shorts is disturbing. What you describe is actually treason. #ImpeachTrump
That is true of most of us (profoundly disturbed). What can/will be done to stop this?
Please, Senator withhold all consent until we get a Special Prosecutor or Independent Commision.  Democracy in danger when Dems do nothing!
I am profoundly frightened!
Then why in haitis is he still in office explain that to the free thinking minds of Americans please
Thank you for standing for what is right, not just for your constituents but for ALL Americans!
@SenFranken a lot of folks have made similar tweets about this and ever other disastrous move of Trump's, but when is action coming?!
When will impeachment start? Everyday trump is in office does more damage to democracy in America and our image around the world.
Tomorrow would be nice; he should not be allowed to leave the country...Cyprus/money laundering make for a fat escape!  #TrumpRussia
I'm sure Israel has been seething in an ominous broth of silence.Yet it was their practice2exaggerate differences btwnPBO+Bibi.Shhhh!
Yea well maybe u should convince the GOP to be concerned too. Dumb idiots act like all of this is normal and citizens r stupid
I'm concerned. No US PRESS. Now Russia detailing mtg w/ Trump. Israel source of Intel. Russia is tight w/ Iran. I worry about source now
And again, your WRONG.  Get the point?
Remind the world that Comey, vile RepubliCONS & their FoxNews friends crushed HRC's Presidential chances over handling of classified emails.
And also shared (do I have this right?) with Russian media in attendance? For "humanitarian" reasons??
Ya think?
Shut down the Senate until a special prosecutor is appointed.
I'm profoundly disturbed that Secretary Clinton let 4 men to die in Benghazi and you did nothing about it.
I hope no one dies because of Trump's attempt at self-aggrandizement.
Then DO something!!  PLEASE!!!! We are depending on you, #Senate #House. GET RID OF HIM #ImpeachTrumpPence
