hes one horrible man he should be whacked in the face with the whole chicken never mind eggs :)
hes not my president i'm in Canada i like many who don't live there have realised how fake & sad u Libs r
there is white trash everywhere
thats Racist... All lives matter .. but your name calling doesn't surprise me your a Lib after all. Peace
Obama took the economy at its worst and brought it up at the best in decades.
You were awesome today Senator!  Thank you,  we need people like you especially now!
I live in mn & excuuse me, but I am rather proud of my hard working senator who chooses to fight for me
believe me, I've already fallen. You dick, I'm on my way back up.
thanks very much for your hard work.. As always. But please answer my question :why Ivanka gets in WH!?
Al Franken has decades of life's experiences and education and Ivanka is a Russian Mob Crime Mama
what's for breakfast?
I wonder if ur constituents watched ur sad performance yesterday and thought #WTF

#ConfirmGorsuch
If ever my arse had an eye it would vomit for sure...
Wish you were NJ  Senator. Ur questioning was  outstanding. 
which part did you find outstanding? I'm genuinely curious.
Ur not curious.   I saw ur posts. But, to answer, the trucker case Gorsuch ruled on.
I dont slam honest ppl. Only those who conceal the crimes of dem politicians. Franken hasnt committed any crimes
this is how you govern, people. Thank you! Proud to be a Minnesotan
govern what? Both idiots.
Thank you for representing Minnesotans so well, Senator, both on the Senate floor and on the Senate Judiciary Cmte
Great work.  Fourteen degrees below zero.  One man voted out of seven to be a disgusting example of humanity.  Minnesota proud.
The absurdity clause.  I'm very glad you are my Senator.
his appointment is absurd.
thanks for what you are doing, Senator. Keep up the good work.
@sahlee426 @SenFranken YES THANK YOU THANK YOU Senator Franken for standing up to Gorsuch so honestly!
Indeed w/o your deep analysis of 2 trailers on a hwy, Gorsuch might not be confirmed! LOL
Granny, you should not be reading billboards. They dont explain that GORSUCH is a FASCIST
honey I don't getmy info from billboards but thx for your concern  Now go to your safespace
You do better at stuffing your gut, than how to be a human being Sarcasm, rudeness, and ignorance.The quality democrats admire !
who are you to question anyone's judgement ?  You got more laughs today than ever in your worthless career !!!
just watch the hearing from yesterday. You were outmatched b4 you even sat down. Brutal but funny. Bravo!
The Supreme Court is a much more constitutional  body because your mumbling bumbling questions.  Wasted flesh bott....
I cannot believe how u talked to Judge Gorsuch, that man is 100 times the Man U will ever be, people like YOU ruin the USA
I hope there will be lively discussion about how you'll unseat #Gorsuch b/c he walked the district w/his mom when he was EIGHT.
what is this all about?
"Operating" can be construed broadly within the statutory language to include not operating the trailer for safety reasons.
I enjoy watching you  at the hearings because you always ask tough and thorough  questions.
I wish I could join!
Your questioning of SCOTUS nom was the funniest if most ludicrous thing I've seen since you did comedy & called it comedy! Great
Now that's a representative.
I am looking forward to term limits. You have been honing your skills as a comedian can't wait to see you on SNL. #DonaldTrump
@SenToomey Hey Toomey, this is what it looks like when you meet with your constituents, in case you weren't sure how it works.
keep pressing sir!
Dear Al, you make me want to move to Minnesota.
Wish I could be there to shake your hand. Keep up the good work!
- Thank You! You did MN So Proud today! Please postpone/filibuster #Gorsuch vote; Admin under investigation = no lifetime appts!

.@SenFranken My democrat neighbor said your display today of incompetence is why so many people have been redpilled.
Minnesotans who plan on attending my Wednesday constituent breakfast tomorrow—I'll see you in the morning, and I'm looking forward to it.
You were great today! :-)
If 2018 turns Congress blue can y'all please get rid of #ElectoralCollege ?? It's so unfair. It's ABSURD.. to use your word
YOU were INCREDIBLE TODAY! Thank you for your intelligence and strength and gumption! Just the BEST!!!
thank you for breaking down the judge today. He looks shook. Please take a lead in saving us!
Senator, you make me wish I lived in Minnesota.
you are the excrement that Washington is trying to discharge @FoxNews
Your questions about the trucker decision was absolutely on target. This man is all for corporations, shouldn't be confirmed.
Proud of you for maintaining communication with the people you serve instead of hiding like GOP. Wish my senators were like you.
your party used you as a fool. Hilarious
you were brilliant today at Gorsuch show.
do you ever wake up in the morning with the taste of all the assess you kissed the night before still in your mouth?
pancakes and pandering
.@SenFranken well done. Proud that you are my Senator! 
@whitehouserogue I need to move to Minnesota.
I'm sure you're going to lie to all of them anyways
will you bring your alternative constitution with you? I'd like to see it. The only one I've seen is the U.S. one.
@whitehouserogue wish I could be there. Californians are proud of you
ty for today Senator. Nobody can ever say that you didn't fight for our rights to be heard. Thank you
Senator. Gorsuch led a Nazi club in his teens at school please read this  :
http://www.salon.com/2017/02/02/supreme-court-nominee-gorsuch-in-his-youth-fascism-forever_partner/ …
wish I was
Love you, thank you-you're doing great against the onslaught of idiots. #GorsuchHearing #Gorsuchsucks
you are so awesome!!! Please come to California. I want to have breakfast with you too!
great work today @SenFranken ! glad to have you representing me
A SCRIVINER WAS THERE? LMAO LMAO 
im glad i dont live in minnesotans or i would give you a peace of my mind for being a tibard snowflake to are new #SCOTUS
Eat 
wish I could go.
Great Job Today!!!
what is wrong w/people of Minnesota that you SERIOUSLY voted for this clown! I would be sooo embarrassed! HE is an embarrassment
Great job in hearings today!  There is no empathy in the hearts of the GOP.
I wish I was a Minnesotan!
President Franken 2020!! Sadly I am not in your district. I wish I was!!
Your questions to the Judge today was insulting& mean,rude.What kind of man are you.Get over it.Obama is gone.Neil Gorsuch smart
Can't even use proper grammar, @jpcraft15. Questions is the subject and the verb is WERE, not WAS. #AnotherIgnorantTrumpflake
I wish I lived in Minnesota, except in the winter.
Can you come adopt some constituents in VA? We love our Kaine/Warner but we want to hang w you!
thank you for continuing to stay openly engaged and available to your constituency! Keep it up!!
I wish you were my senator 
.@SenFranken If only SoCal Dist 25 (Steve Knight=#lyingIdiot R) had a stellar Rep like you! TY for setting an example of how a Dem Reps !
I'll trade you our two Georgia senators if you come be ours. You could work with our awesome congressman John Lewis to kick ass!
Always been a fan and I live close enough, if I were a Minnesotan, I'd join u! You're good, smart, & I like u. #Franken4POTUS
Please move to Arizona.
thank you speaking on behalf of us all.. great job today
Keep doing what you're doing. It's working out great! 
thanks for you, Al.
Truthbomb...
Al Franken is an embarrassment not only to Democrats, but to everyone. He is so far over his head.
How in gods name did you get elected. Oh I forgot you're from Minnesota. Idiots too cold to think straight
You're inspiring... we need that now! I remember you as an NYC neighbor.
I may have to move to Minnesota. Should I bring a hot dish?
Rock on Al!!!! 
.@SenFranken  #askgorsuch can he accept nomination from a president whose ascension to office may have been obtained illegally?
Can some1 please Periscope the meet? Thanks!! @SenFranken
You r the best! I wish my Senator was like you.
A huge thank u from all of us concerned Americans! U seem to be the only one that asks them right questions (i.e. DeVos)
great job today in the Gorsuch hearing
We R lucky & grateful 2haveU in our Senate!ThankU4 URwork on SCOTUS hearing.LittleGuys R counting on U4 a just court @CNN @SenFranken @cspan
Thank you for your great work today!  I am thankful you're my Senator!
you were so rude today n no need 4 it. I detest Cheeto but judge Gorsuch didn't need 2 answr yr lame questions. Smarter than u!
I heard you were a joke attacking Gorsuch today! Are you still trying to be a comedian? Just think,you failed at that too!
. Well, I'm in Colorado so I won't be there :-(
You will be our next President
When your current term is up, could you please move to Iowa and run for the Senate here?
~@SenFranken You were great today!  Thank you!
Define "great."
Minnesota you should be proud,not like us here in Texas we're embarrass by our representatives,one of these days we'll get there
lots of illegals, muslim terrorists n sponges sure to kiss yr anti American behind.
~your melt down today was hilarious~U looked like a sputtering spewing load of crap~MN What r u people doing electing this pile?
Please support mining on the Iron Range.
If only @SenFeinstein was as cool as you :(
wish you were my Senator...
wish I lived in MN
McGriddles!!!
You have to be the biggest fraud in politics sir. Smh.
Proud daughter of a native Minnesotan. Wish I was one. Thanks for your hard work today.
Independents included?
I've been wishing I was a Minnesotan lately. I'm so appreciative of your voice in all this mess. Thank you.
#Franken met with the #Russians
The Hypocrite!

http://consjournal.com/30-democrats-discovered-meeting-with-russian-diplomats-on-behalf-of-obama-liberals-totally-silent/ …
Not for nothing, but I have a signing in Red Wing MN in Oct. just saying. You know, putting it out there.
well done with Gorsuch
today.
Do yourself a favor! Excuse yourself going forward from asking any questions to Neil Gorsuch. Holy crap #youmadeafoolofyourself
I think you're great Al. If you're talking I'm listening...
great job today!!! DONT EVER give up on us normal people 
Wow.  Sounds like you listen to your constituents.  Unlike @SenToddYoung
As a fan from your SNL days I still find myself thinking that a punch line will follow most of your tweets :)
supporting you from Pennsylvania, sir. Always been a fan of your comedy, even bigger fan of you in politics!
gorsuch did circles around this dope.
You'll get my vote again!
Hey Al, if you want to talk about serious issues,  mention the 14 year old girl that was raped by an illegal alien.
Wish u were my senator. I'm stuck with @SenFischer_GSPP & @SenSasse , 2 idiots who think climate change isn't real. Don't let Sasse fool u.
Thank you for your work on the hearings.  Excellent, exacting probes.
Maybe when you pass the Rep. From Missouri who doesn't return unless has to! Tell him he is a pathetic! #HeShouldResign Thanks
you are a political hack
good job today senator!!

I'm in the process of putting together a proposal for you and your team. Through music, I know we can get people involved.
Thanks for all your courageous work. Wasn't a big fan of your comedy, but a big fan of your politics.
Eat well. Painfully eviscerating an SC nominee live on camera for hours burns a lot of energy.
Not in MN, but would come see you anyway if I could. I feel like you have ALL of our backs.
Wish I was there! I'm determined to work with you. As a fellow entertainer, I know we can get things done.
Thank you for actually meeting your constituents instead of running and hiding from them.
