I’ve been working to advance legislation that would build on mental health priorities identified by @NAMIMinnesota and other organizations.
Thanks to @NAMIMinnesota for working with my office on my Mental Health in Schools Act. I was proud to reintroduce it earlier this month.
Thanks @NAMIMinnesota for presenting me with Mental Health Champion award. There's more work to do, & you can count on me to keep fighting.
How’s THAT working out!?!

…asking for a Nation.
The best at being mentally imbalanced!
Poster child for Narscisstic, Sociopathic behavior.
Sir...you have done an outstanding job in all areas.  BTW I loved you on SNL...
Me too. Agree.
You're doing right Al, keep it up.
, maybe you can line some up for @realDonaldTrump?
As a hospital RN, about 90% of our patients have 1 or more mental illnesses. We MUST heal the mind in order to successfully heal the body.
Thanks AL! Mental health resources are definitely lacking. We need more mental health professionals too. Our hospital has 1 psychiatrist!
Sen Franken you may not be Paul Wellstone but guaranteed he is proud of you especially in the current environment
Maybe you should see to it that our president gets some mental health care?!
This only to protect our country and all people in it.
if there is one thing @POTUS has done I'd build a case for better mental health
It should be and thank you for doing a great job
Thank you Senator. Now if only mental health services could be utilized to ascertain the mental health of trump.@Michael36776349
Then get the nut in the White House some help.
Thank-you. Thank-you. Thank-you.
Well we need more support for mental health.. Example.. Trump
Your amazing keep it up senator. #great
PLEASE DO our @POTUS is crazy.

No, seriously, HE NEEDS HELP.
That is especially important now since a lot more people are probably suffering from depression and anxiety these days. I know I am.
And president trumps tweets reinforces need for better mental health care?
Keep doing what you are doing. You make us hopeful!!!
I have mental health issues. I am not a professional, but I believe there is something wrong with Trump. Can we get him out of office soon
Thank You Senator Franken for your continued hard work and dedication to all of us. Maybe Trump can get some help for his mental health prob
YES. Because "We all do better when we all do better!" Thank you!
Thank you for standing up for us,@SenFranken If America is worthy of being a World Leader, we need to have affordable #healthcare for all!
It is rather inspiring that you have chosen to work with those suffering from mental health issues on a daily basis.  I.e. Your coworkers
Each time I read your words I'm more convinced what America needs is:
Al Franken for President!! Pls run! You have my vote!
Can we work on it at the VAMC Minneapolis? Help our MN Vets out? #Still20Daily
Al, your abundance of common sense is too much for these morons to comprehend. What a sad time for America.
then let's get DJT Baker Acted! Get him to Mar A Lago and some Florida shrinks can do the rest! Thanks Senator Franken! Doggonit we like U
You have a very good person to start with @realDonaldTrump. They don't get any crazier than he is..Time for Congress to #ImpeachTrump
You're a mensch, Al!
Now, more than ever, we all need top shelf mental health coverage. And top shelf vodka.
Thank you Senator.  Please keep fighting for us!!
THANK YOU SIR  
Just talking about him yesterday..what a beautiful human being he was..kudos to you Al
Thank you Senator Franken.  There is an occupant of the Oval Office that is in serious need of mental health services.
Could you advise @realDonaldTrump where he could get some of those services in D.C.?
Timeliest. Tweet. Ever.
Please get your POTUS the help he truly needs.
As a MST, PTSD, chronic depression survivor veteran. Thank you. Cab you get that Fucktard in the oval some help?
I live with mental illness. Thank you.
You do a hell of a job. Thanks honorable Al.
Apparently trumps insurance doesn't cove it.
Cover
Lets start by encouraging POTUS to get some help, this blood blond thing is really showing his strain, he needs help
So...going to get Trump some much needed therapy???
Thank you Sen. Franken!
And you are. Thank you so much, Senator Franken.
God almighty Al....will you please quit patting herself on the back
all the time...getting kinda old !
'd Wellstone. What a great man. Thank you @SenFranken for this necessary, valuable work. I'm sure he'd be very proud of you.
You're doing a fine job with that seat - representing the Democratic wing of the Democratic party.
We lost a great one when Paul Wellstone died.
Thank you. Please keep it up. (From a Minnesota voter)
I thought  I was going to get a "giant " comment  ,  i did not know it was gonna go   serious   !!!
Our schools need this support!
Reading #Giants & loving it. Thank you for your service!
RIP Paul Wellstone, his wife and daughter. He would have made a great pres. probably wouldn't have started safety net destruction like Bill.
Might wanna look at getting The Orange One an assessment.
#4525th
Thanks you Senator Franken!
Medicare pay for Dementia/Alzheimer's care It is a debilitating disease Family caregiver suffering physically/financially
I know I am one
This is especially important since we have a mentally ill POTUS who is getting no care.
The President needs your help then!
And that, sir, is why I wish you a long tenure... even if I'm not in Minnesota.
You can start with the White House.
Thank you.
Thank you!  You're my favorite.
Thank you, vital healthcare!
Is it possible to have the nutcase in the WH become a national priority?
Thank you for what you are doing
Franken is a TRUE American who has his constituents as his primary interest... A TRUE AMERICAN UNLIKE THE T WORD- can't even SAY his name!!
Thank you. Hardest help to find.
You do great work. Sen Wellstone would be proud of you. We Dems are !
Can you start with the boy-President
Perhaps 45 can get some services??
Can Trump sign up
Thank you. Mental illness has very real impacts on families, and costs to families and society.
America NEEDS to address mental health issues. Current situation is woefully inadequate. Thank you.
Well you know what they say maybe you should start at the top
Well then hurry and get help for Trump before he destroys or country!
Thank you!
Thank you, Senator!  I live in Texas but grew up in Minnesota. Always in my heart!  Keep fighting and asking q. Just like Sen Wellstone!
I think the POTUS could use some of those mental health services
thank you
because the president needs them badly
Can you tell trump that so maybe he'll get some help.
How could you not, with the mentally impaired GOP staring you in the face every day?
How about a straight jacket for @realDonaldTrump
Yes and the President definitely needs it! #TheEmpireIsCrumbling
Please run for President! America needs you
Well you certainly have an up close look at how important it is. I vote to bring back the straight jacket, Trump seema fond of white.
Thank you Senator. I wish all Reps would follow your example
Keep up the good work! BTW, loved your book!
Thank you. My son suffers from severe Schziophrenia and without government assistance (inclusive of meds,) he could be a threat to society.
Can you get some services for our President? Quick??
One of the things you do well. Thanks
Great! Because POTUS needs some Aricept. Did u see his latest tweet! Invoke article 25, gentlemen!
Thanks for thinking about the President.
Please use it with Mr. trump first...all sarcasm aside thank you!!!
Please start with the POTUS.
and that's why we're crazy about you Al. 
I wish you were speaking for Idaho as well
Curious...how is that going? Seems to be a slow moving process 
Can you do something about the mental health of the POTUS?
Here here. He was a great man and politician for the people. RIP Paul Wellstone.
Can we get some mental health service for our dear leader?
BTW Senator Franken: Thanks for your hard work on mental health. Too many ignore the suffering, & stigmatize them. You are a good man.
In that case, please start with Drumpf!
That's great because the majority of us are getting PTSD from this presidency.
Can some of that help be sent to the Oval Office please?
Thank God. The President needs them!
Great. Please help support ours by not letting up on Trump & the GOP. Thanks!
Could you mandate mental health services for the POTUS?
Is this a referendum on Trumps tweets this morning?  If so, please push MH through as quickly as humanly possible.
Please make sure Pres gets mental health services while he still can. Oh yea, he can afford private insurance or the Dr! Unlike a lot of us
Trump needs them
Thank you for being an example of an authentic sensible feeling honest human being.  a true representative of the people you serve.
Then seek help ASAP for the mentally unstable fake POTUS
We give them -> 2 bear arms, but not health, & speaking of mental stability, man in WH needs  psych eval-must be mandatory b4 taking office
Make mental health a top priority for the President. He's real crazy.
Thank you, senator. We need more like you in DC, because we don't do nearly enough.
Yup, we have a greater need.  Not sure for the president, but most of the public will need help coping with the Big Bully in the house!
And yet you've abandoned the madman in the White House.  He needs mental health assistance more than anyone I know...
Emphasis on the mental health of our veterans, from WWII, Korea, Vietnam and Middle East. We need to take responsibility!
This President needs that coverage.
Can you find a good Treatment center for Trump ?
Wellstone would have supported his constituents and put his vote behind Bernie Sanders, not say he knew better.
What can be done about this patient? Should the plug be pulled?
...to Mar-a-Lago 3 nights in a row around New Year's Eve, and insisted on joining me. She was bleeding badly from a face-lift. I said no!
Can you get some for 45? There is a dire need!
I wake to lies and liars ... every day since it came out in the iPod. Paul Wellstone was a man of integrity... a real American.
Good. Our president needs them.
Love you Sen. Al Franken
Yeah and the first patient should be Donald Trump
After the tweets from @realDonaldTrump this morning I feel strongly that mental health services are clearly a top priority and much needed.
Thank you Senator, in looking at the GOP & @realDonadTrump one can see just how badly mental healthcare is needed in the Country !
God knows @POTUS needs some mental health help!
Thank you for that!
Start with the occupant the White House. #MadmanWithNukes
How about slipping a little Prozac into potus' coffee? Would go a long way in supporting mental health!
No! Prozac has made many people bipolar and we don't need to add that to the mix.
Can i recommend 45 for an intervention?
Troll level = epic!
Please run for President!
Now if only you could do something about the mental health of our wackodoodle PRESIDENT!! #countingdaystoimpeachment
Support mental health services and protect the American people  by invoking the 25th amendment
I think DEMOCRATS should make use of it!! ASAP!!!!
Thank you, Senator Franken!
Paul Wellstone was certainly a fine example to follow. We miss his compassion.
The place to start: the White House.
Well, you might want to send someone to the White House asap
So you're going to have Trump analyzed? Good. 
Paul Wellstone is a great role model. Our nation could use more leaders like he was.  #keepfighting4whatsright
You need to start by offering mental health services to the president. He really needs them.
Thank you!
Million Miigwetches, @SenFranken
Congrats and thank you. Wish others shared your passion.
Are those services available to @realDonaldTrump because he's lost his mind. #DisgustingDon is out of control #25thAmendment
Can you please hook the POTUS up with some of those services?
Wellstone was a true advocate for mental health. Thank you Sen. Franken
You're one of the good ones, Al. I would like if if you were President.
As someone who has a mother that utilizes those services in Minneapolis, I thank you.
You're an outstanding senator. Sure wish you'd run in 2020! Thx for your service & brains. 
Don't need them now, Senator, but with way things are progressing in our beloved country, I may need them some day.
Best political contribution I ever made was to your recount against Coleman.
Wish we could replace Toomey with a clone of you!
Our President proves daily this is still needed.
Thank you.
Senator, with MH as a priority you should send Trump to Bethesda NAVHOSP to get his ANNUAL exam, physical and mental.
Thank you. As someone who has major depression and severe anxiety, I appreciate that.
1 in 4 people will need mental health services. It should be a top priority, thank you Senator.
Does Trump qualify for these services?
Thank for your support of your state and country! Loving your book and appreciate your candor. Keep up the good work.
Reading your book at the moment - very inspiring stuff. So glad it all happened, and so glad you wrote it down.
I think we ALL need mental health care now more than ever. If you know what I mean.
Sorry; today I just can’t resist. The President’s mental health needs to be a top priority! How does our govt accomplish that now & future?
I just said this before seeing yours. We need to do a mental health evaluation on future presidents!
Would you please see if you can get some help for #Fake45 as he is truly unhinged.
I am a social worker in IL. Thank you for what you are doing in Minn and for our country.
please vote NO on @JeromeAdamsMD nomination for Surgeon General.
Thanks Al. Great work!. Now please consider more informal voting at townhalls/caucuses and follow new model of representation.
Thank you. We miss Paul so much.
Please start with the POTUS.
Loving your book, and thank you for your service!
Sincerely thank you. My mental illnesses appreciate it.
I'm on my second listen-through of your book. I love your humor, honesty and insight. Thank you for working so hard for us all! <3
Isn't it wonderful?! I loved the audiobook so much that I bought it in hardcover and then when I read it, I still hear his voice in my head.
