Today, I asked @allison_otoole, @MNSure’s CEO, questions about ways to ↓ costs, ↓ uncertainty, and ↑ enrollment for Minnesotans.
Thank you @allison_otoole for sharing expertise on how to ensure Minnesota consumers have access to information they need to buy coverage.
thanks for nothing
"Market choices" can't remedy the fact that we have huge wealth disparities. Helthcare is a human right.
I'm with Al. 

Franken/Harris 2020

Please do. And get your buddies along, too.
And yes single payer y not?
Please makecertain that Congress takesthe same. No opting out. Wethe people dont want topay these fat salaries so u can have top HealthCare
I don't need competition. I need guaranteed care.
SINGLE PAYER NOW, STUART
Why do we need "health care competition?"  The idea of such a thing seems antithetical. This rural American supports single payer or MFA.
Do better, please
Can you also work on a different election slogan for the Dems? A better deal is just terrible
No thx. Medicare for all plz.
why can't we expand CHIP program to include adults? we have alarming number of 18-34yr olds with crohns, diabetes, asthma who are uninsured.
Please co-sponsor single payer
Franken says he is not supporting single payer as of now. Minnesota, please primary him if he doesn't come around
https://www.facebook.com/senatoralfranken/posts/1491573710928506 …
Sen Franken is an outstanding representative, and would not deserve to be "primaried" due to his disagreement with this one issue.
disagree. single payer is a line in the sand going forward
Well, I disagree with you position, but I appreciate the passion you have for your particular issue!
When ppl die cause they can't afford care and meds the line is clear and there is a right side
Yeah those people in rural areas driving hundreds of miles for relief-style health camps sure want more COMPETITION in health care.
You just can't beat good healthy competition between price-gouging corporate behemoths, can you, Al? THAT'S the ticket to great healthcare!
"Choice" in healthcare means a variety of private plans too high for the poorest people in the country to afford. Not impressed, Senator.
The word choice is used to be inclusive of those who want choice. It doesn't mean ANYONE is being kicked to the curb.
Oh boy!  I love having the choice to:

1.  Not be able to afford healthcare.

and

2.  Not be able to afford healthcare.
Basically the choice between being screwed with fork or a spoon...screwed either way
GOP will just use a dirty knife and get ya on over with.
I would rather not med orgs  compete for my $500 but instead provide it. #MedicareForAll flattens the hidden racket
Than you
Competition and choice? Gimme a break
Why aren't you funny anymore? You can be serious and funny in coordination #MedicareForAllOrBust
"And then Healthcare conglomerates turned to me, Al Franken, and said: Can you help us out, buddy? And me, Al Franken, I said, Sure."
You go boy! All Obamacare did was ensure the demise of #ActualHealthcare for millions in rural #America.
@SenFranken, please address #MayoClinic's monopoly. Its hub-and-spoke strategy ends local say in health care choice in SE MN. #albertlea
Could you also force weekly CDC updates to be released to your committee & made public? Silencing the CDC places citizens at risk.
why is it okay that the free market kills people?
Al you can do better on your Tweets. We already trust you. Pls tell us about the Russians and Facebook. Our way of life is under threat. 
What on earth does "working to improve health care competition and choice" even mean? How about just giving people health care?
i used to read your books as a kid when i was convinced that you were one of the good guys

you disappoint me
"competition" and "choice" are right-wing healthcare buzzwords

we're too sick and smart for this shit, and we won't accept it
we are tired of paying exorbitant sums so that private capitalist firms can collect massive profits based on our suffering

enough
he knows full well all rural hospitals would go under if Medicaid were cut. "competition" & "choice" is totally disingenuous & he knows it
Wait he just supported single-payer bill...
You scared me @SenAlFrank
good to see

we need to keep up the pressure until every dem supports this bill
Primary each and every one that doesn't starting with @timkaine
people don't want to be burdened with life or death "choices". make their lives easier. support single payer.
just keep shopping!
i love to wistfully look through the window of the healthcare store, and then walk away disappointed
i hate having to forego shopping at my favorite store, "whole healthcare" because i can only afford the knee surgery prices at aldi
i was about to make a coupon joke, and then i remembered my mom had to beg a hospital to lower the costs of my grandmas medication--
and the lady behind the desk seemed to have encountered this before and applied a "manufacturer's coupon". extremely normal.
This bullshit isn't good enough anymore.

Like Paul Wellstone, I believe health care is a right for all Americans. My stmnt on cosponsoring @SenSanders bill: https://www.facebook.com/senatoralfranken/posts/1491573710928506 …
So is this a no from you on single payer then? If so, that's cripplingly disappointing.

Like Paul Wellstone, I believe health care is a right for all Americans. My stmnt on cosponsoring @SenSanders bill: https://www.facebook.com/senatoralfranken/posts/1491573710928506 …
Thanks for all you do!
You were a lousy comedian and an even worse senator.
In case you missed it... #hypocrite- https://www.facebook.com/clearskynews/videos/309487649519038/ …
You are using the same type of bullshit coded language you have called others out for in the past
Thank you.
So disappointing. You're usually a voice of reason.
@realDonaldTrump has slashed both funding for information outreach and the time length for ACA open enrollment. What can you do about this?
You already failed epically
Single-payer is the way to go , Al.
Insurance industries might compete for claims processing contracts, but health industry profiteering must come to an end.

The only choice Minnesotans care about is the choice to build better communities by increasing social equity through universal healthcare.
Thank you!
no don't just give people what they want, Medicare for All
I thought you loved Medicare for all...no choice and no competition.
Why don't you fix the AHCA, you need to start w/ the Insurance Companies and Big Pharmaceutical That's where all the problems are
Fix the cost, fraud, payoffs, revolving door. No Single payer without fixing issues or we will have rationing of care and higher costs.
#SinglePayer has no chance with R's in power and yet even symbolic support from you is just too much to ask. We see you. #Soldout
Paul Wellstone supported single payer.
My guess is these Corporate Democrats REALLY hate Bernie right about now. They may actually have to become...gasp...public servants! YIKES!

Of course!  But, we need you to support bringing the SINGLE PAYER we DESERVE.
"Competition & choice?" Please concentrate on increasing affordable, universal access to evidence-based medicine/healthcare services. Thanks
How about single payer instead
Health care competition?
No Sen Franken
People want & need single payer
It's more efficient & effective
It's less expensive & universal
Dude, Max freaking Baucus endorsed it...
Just saw an update that you've co-signed. Thank you, Senator!
It's time to get with the fucking program, Al. Co-sponsor #MedicareForAll
Thank you!!! This may be the Al Franken Decade! Will you please talk @SenDuckworth & @SenatorDurbin into being for The #MedicareForAll Act?
Competition and choice are rightwing buzzwords used to avoid movement toward single payer. You know this. Be better.
OK, so we can put you down as a "NO" on Senator Sanders Medicare For All Bill.   Senator Franken Votes Nay. Senator Gardner?
Thank you President Franken . Please ?
No one wants competition and choice. We want universal health care, with no copays or tricks or traps.
SMH @SenFranken
Boo. Don't work on "improving" for-profit predatory healthcare. Join us in tearing it down.
How are you not on single-payer yet? FFS aren't you tired of the rest of the world kicking our ass in the most important metric?
Fuck competition and choice. Try a little courage and justice. This is not a game to the sick and dying.
Single payer Al.
When will you just support medicare for all.
hope you do got get done in 6 months what have not done in 16 years hope need 60 votes to pass like used to be break the rules
Not good enough Senator. If almost every other industrialized nation can do it, asking for less is just not acceptable.
The chips are down - and you've chosen your side, Sir.  People won't forget it.
1)No 1 wants competition in medical care! No 1! Tell ya what; quit having a medical trmnt model based on 4profit insurance! Take the options
2)of profits away from the insurance industry & put them 2ward Ed/research! The taxpayers have contributed enough 2 the financial industry!
One of those choices must be Medicare for All.
Health care shouldn't be a competition. It should be a fundamental human right.
Hey Al. Not a constituent, but I have complete confidence in your ability and intent to make appropriate choices for your State and nation.
Coward
We want #MedicareForAll and rural areas need it most of all. You can't rely on Medicaid for maternal prenatal care! http://www.salon.com/2017/09/10/another-thing-disappearing-from-rural-america-maternal-care_partner/ …
Whatever, Senator. 
That is all you deserve, until...you support Bernie's single payer! Do NOT be one of the last demos in the senate!
single payer now.
Weak
Choice of which company gets to profit from the pain and suffering of others? That choice?
Medicare for all!
And you chicken out on supporting Medicare for all.
single payer please
just saw you're co-sponsoring the bill, hell yeah dude thanks
People are sick and tired of being told to "shop" for health insurance.
Will you miss "shopping" for health insurance in a "marketplace" after #MedicareForAll is implemented?
In the campaign you looked the other way as HRC embraced Kissinger. Now this?
Cop. Out.
Understand what you are talking about is competition and "choice" of how much $$ insurance companies keep instead of paying for care.
People should have to bet against their own health to try and save money. If they lose that bet, they go bankrupt.
Plus competition doesn't work in the traditional sense when dealing w/ insurance. Their's a bias towards ppl buying cheap policies to save $
"Competition" btwn ins. companies is in favor of offering a lesser product not a better product. Remove middlemen, save $, guarantee for all
Has it been that long since you became a celebrity & then a senator?  Please don't forget where you came from. Time for #MedicareForAll
People don't want competition & choice. They just want to go to a doctor without worrying about it.
.@SenFranken Politicians think they've been elected to be "parents" instead of representatives. We're not asking if we can borrow the car.
Healthcare is a human right, funnyman
You need new material. This set is stale
"Competition" doesn't help with dick, my dude. Get real or get out of the way.
single payer. make it happen for the people who have no choice.
Wrong answer, ace.
Competition among health insurers cannot change the fact that medicine itself is expensive.  Amid income inequality we need #SinglePayer.
In this context, choice sucks Al. We don't want our choice of insurance company. We want Medicare for all.
That was quick. Cool.
Like Paul Wellstone, I believe health care is a right for all Americans. My stmnt on cosponsoring @SenSanders bill: https://www.facebook.com/senatoralfranken/posts/1491573710928506 …
The market cannot be trusted with a human right. Do better.
either support medicare for all or prepare to be primaried
Many thanks for all you do for we, th American people!
This is no time to stand down. Single-payer WILL eventually come to pass—there's no better time like the present to stand for what's right
Dems MUST whole-heartedly accept #MedicareForAll bill. The signs that the majority of US people support it could NOT be clearer.
WEAK. #MedicareForAll not more neoliberalism. Sad.
Death to the free market
Senator, #SinglePayer polls at 60% favorability. It's not only the progressive choice, but the politically expedient one as well!
He's NOT running.
As a member of the Democratic Party, I'll continue to push its members to advocate for single payer.
Please work with @SenSanders to champion #Medicare4All.  The outpouring of support we saw for ACA could be a springboard to something better
You sound like a Republican
Bad idea senator. Support single payer or pay the electoral consequences!
Thank you Senator for supporting #Medicare4All
You're either a coward or a heartless bastard. Support single payer. Prove that the Democrats can do something right for once.
Single payer, please
Love you Al.  Back Bernies bill.  You know its the right thing to do.
Single payer! #Medicare4All We need you to join the group of progressive Dems that have found the courage to actually help working folks!!
Fucking sellout
What a disappointment
Al you can do better I believe in you
@PattyMurray @MariaCantwell
Come on, Senators, don't be like old Dems ()
stand up and support #MedicareForAll
Single-payer is the future. Look at Germany's dual system. Premium insurance from corporations leads to patient discrimination.
Sweden's system is more ideal.
Disappointed in you. Single payer or get voted out.
Sign on with @SenSanders for #Medicare4All #MedicareForAll
Senator Al Franken was involved in a chainsaw massacre
You want competition? Let the insurance companies compete with #public_option. Or Better still, #singlepayer
Unfollowed
al, grow up and support Medicare for All
"Access to information they need to buy coverage"? Do you hear yourself? We dont want insurance, we want healthcare.
#MedicareForAll
Senator...rethink this.
Don't be left behind, support Medicare for All!
Medicare for all

Oof.  This was not the avenue to take.  Read the room, Al.
Very disappointing. Please back #Medicare4All - choose ppl over profits.
We don't want "competition and choice". We want healthcare
We love you, Al Franken! Keep up the good work.
As a member of @HELPCmteDems & co-chair of Senate Rural Health Caucus, I’ll continue working to improve health care competition and choice.
This is no joke. People are dying, man.
Senator, pardon the crude language, but it's time to shit or get off the pot. Support Medicare for all.
Want to really help? Back Medicare for All
Bad tweeting Al.
I thought you were cool
boo. hope you come across a lot more Competition if/when your constituents get presented with a better Choice come next senate race.
Senator, just grow a pair and endorse #Medicare4All. Never go full Hillary.
Yes, Al, what we need is more ruthless competition between corporate sharks to gouge suffering people. Good progressive call!
No support for single payer? How embarrassing.
I almost remember liking @SenFranken
Hard pass
Several generations of my family can't afford these dogshit "choices" but you're not gonna endorse single payer anyway. Good to know.
BREAKING: Al's new tell all book
#Medicare4AllNOW
Can someone tell Sen. Franken that Paul Ryan hacked his Twitter?
"Healthcare competition and choice?" What conservative Tea Party think tank came up with that bullshit? Support @SenSanders #Medicare4All
man i though you were awesome when i was a kid
disappointed you haven't expressed support for single payer after you've alluded to such in your recent book. It is the right thing to do.

Not good enough, not smart enough, and doggone it, the American people deserve better.
Glad you came around
Well you know, some people lead us into the future and some are dead weight, clinging to detritus of failed ideologies.
Please support #Medicare4All @SenFranken. We won't settle for anything less.
If you're going to run for POTUS, you'd better come up with something more meaningful, like Medicare for all, and no Wall Street insurers.
id like to be able to choose to be able to go to a hospital if something were broken without bankrupting my family but wcyd 
What do you call this competition? Hunger Games? Battle Royale? The Running Man?
choice doesn't mean shit when the 'competition' makes healthcare too expensive for regular people to afford
this is disappointing
Cut through all the BS @SenFranken  and co-sponsor @SenSanders #MedicareForAll Bill. This ain't about purity; it's about right and wrong.
Thank you for your meaningless statement
Not good enough. Spit out those mealy-mouthed words and say it with me: #MedicareForAll!
youre a fraud go back to being a comedian you clearly have no spine.
Without a public option, the market system still leaves many struggling to pay. Please back Medicare for All. It's based on a working system
FFS Al ! When did you turn your back on the people?
I guess that's a no on single payer then
Wait, seriously? People all over the nation, including those in your state are screaming for single payer!
For-profit insurance plan A vs. for-profit insurance plan B doesn't seem like a very good choice.
"It's not good enough, Its not smart enough, and doggone it, people are starting to hate you."
I look forward to supporting the person running against you. How about that choice?
Fuck improving. Solve the crisis with Medicare for all!
Franken is a profound dissapointment to Progressives.  Spent a lot of time on Air America building trust only to sell out like all but Bern.
you will learn that this isn't good enough, and probably soon
