His blood is on the Obama administrations hands. Do nothing creeps
Educate yourself. Oh yeah, you're incapable.
Just listen to the kids parents
I'll handle this End! His parents shouldn't of flown him there & he shouldn't of broken their laws. Tragic but true! #CommonSense
Wow unreal.  Question Obama.  Trigger a Snowflake
Well, I know logic isn't y'all's thing but it's true. The irony of you calling anyone triggered is lost on no one, don't worry about it.
Deplorable is that what your thinking ?
Any1 remember People article years ago in which an American teen was beaten w/ bamboo rods 4 vandalizing town in foreign country?
U have a gr8 memory; here is an old article on Michael Fay, 19 at the time:
Agree!, why do Americans think they can travel with impugnity and act like they're still in there own back yard?
Who asked him to go to North Korea? Why did he ignore all the advice to the contrary? Who did you think would save him? This was a suicide
He denied the charge. He went with a group of students for educational purposes
I don't think they were students or it was educational. His room mate said Otto was there for adventure.
It seems it's just a tourist tour. The others were much older than Otto according to story on his room mate anyway
Uh. They don't allow "tourists" in North Korea.
Well that's the website of the tour group he went with so yeah
http://www.businessinsider.com/who-is-otto-warmbier-2017-6 …

FACT; Tourism/tourists are not allowed in NK. This was an exchange program ORGANIZED BY A SPECIALTY TOUR COMPANY.
North Korea only released him once that outcome became inevitable
Thanks to the worthless Obama administration for doing nothing...
Make sure you tell Obama "thanks" for his effort (or lack there of) of bringing this kid home earlier.
Love you both. Xo

So sad. Can't help wondering if his mistreatment was cuz of current Potus taunting N Korea. He  sent back to US w brain damage as warning.
,believe it is this president's warning,seems http://N.K.Is  frustrated that he found a way to HurttheUSA,!
How about telling us how you are working to free the other Americans imprisoned by NK? How will the US punish NK for killing Otto?
Trump will blame obama
His idiot followers will for sure. But hopefully all Americans can unite to get justice for Otto.
I can't imagine a scenario where it will feel like vindication, but one can hope
Thank you ! We need leaders to show compassion and the truth
Knowing this young man died because of others .. heartbreaking
Same
@JohnKasich worked hard for the family and has been very supportive of them. He is a Republican I truly respect. Work together for us please
NO thanks to the wimp barack obama, who did NOTHING for this family. Luckily, this admin at least was able to get him home.
Cannabist.........says it ALL!!!
Gee- Maybe possibility that if we attack, millions of people SK & JP die as a result. This includes thousands of Americans stationed there.
Says the man who won't be going off to fight
GOD BLESS THEM
Yes, the whole thing is an unnecessary tragedy. I am very sorry for his family and friends who must felt hope when he came home. Very sad.
Why did the last administration do NOTHING?! And there are 3 more imprisoned. Dont tell me your prayers.He lost brain tissue!NK must pay!
Wonder if you would do a sketch if it was trumps mistake. Don't act as if you care one bit. Your gonna sleep fine tonight.
How dare you presume to know
And how dare previous administration tell Otto's family to remain silent on the ( matter ) these last 18 months ! Pathetic.
Wouldn't bring him back
Should have never happened
You're a good and decent man @SenFranken and your latest book is wonderful. You are indeed 'A Giant in the Senate.'
Ban all travel to North Korea from US
I am
My deepest sympathy!  

NASA's Kepler space probe finds 10 + planets that could support life! Send @POTUS please! https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/8mtjmHu9xPA …  & https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/MjFNGikKt7L …
The North Korean actions are unconscionable. And criminal
Do something about it you flakes!!
A horrible tragedy by an evil regime!
And where are condolences for the family of Philando Castille from our MN senator?  Mr. Sanders saw fit at least!
Amen
My son is just 2 years younger than Otto was. My heart breaks for he and his family. Very tragic!
And what did you personally do to secure his release? I hope your conscience lets you sleep at night
God rest his soul
Perfect sentiments, Al
yes--have a traveling son that could have done just exactly this kind of thing, so sorry for the agony of the family--no one can imagine
This is just heart breaking. My prayers go out to the family & loved ones. 
Make sure you have Mike Flynn do his prison time in North Korea.
win-win situation.
Any south Korean diplomats need to be deported or arrested for murder
I'm with you.  Heart breaking to say the least
My heart goes out to this family. Otto shouldn't and his family shouldn't have to pay this price for youthful stupidity.
If only I could give the WARMBIERS a hug, I would.This situation breaks my heart. May Jesus walk in Heaven with Otto & grant him sweet rest.
#Revenge4Otto
My friend was on a hs trip to St Petersburg in 80s. Authorities caught them trading jeans for army hats and accessories. Didn't kill em.  :(
r i p mike brown
So sorry for the families loss.
Your the best Senator Al! #loveandlight #restinparadise #OttoWarmbier 
Dems #HoldTheFloor
Thank you Senator
What did you do personally to help in Otto's release?  He was over there a long time and things didnt start happening til Trump!
@realDonaldTrump This is what leadership looks like.
You speak for so many of us, Sen Franken.
Very sorry.  You must #HoldTheFloor
Now his release makes sense , N. K didn't want a dead American Citizen .  RIP Otto
It's not too late to help save Caitlan Coleman, her husband, & their two children, who are being held hostage by the Taliban.
Please, Senator, prevent another tragedy : help bring the Boyle-Coleman family home.
I can't even imagine what that dear boy suffered ~ prayers to his family for strength during this horrific time 
You must do something about N. Korea!!!
Please please get the other 3 out of there
Well said Sir. Thank you.
Peace be with you Otto
this is heartbreaking.
@realDonaldTrump
American hearts break for this family. You progressives turned a blind eye to obama, and made our children expendable.
Thank you, Senator Franken. Hope they find peace.
So,so sad.He rests now in the arms of our savior.

Agreed, I think the same thing senator Franken N Korea needs to be held to task for what they've done!
How come you did nothing to get him back. Thank God Trump did something
Imagine that. You were able to be empathetic and kind. Unlike dump Jr who used the tweet to grandstand daddy and insult Obama.
He is dead because he was brutalized by North Korea
God Bless you and your family
Screw you and the Obama administration who didn't give a sh*t about a white Christian American taken hostage by another country.
No Korea needs to b held responsible for this horror...& other Americans need 2 b released.......
I wish them (and all who are in mourning) comfort in their grief.

Just heartbreaking. God help this family. 
Devastating. Peace to his parents and other loved ones. May they find comfort that he made it back to them.
May he rest in peace.
I didn't know he passed.  It's unfair NK essentially murdered this kid because he supposedly planned to take a sign. It's unacceptable
Amen. It makes me sick to my stomach to think of what they did to him. 100% unacceptable.  to his family. #FuckYouNorthKorea 

This is the comment a mature, sensitive, intelligent, sincere, compassionate leader makes.
Couldn't state it any better
What did you do senator to help this guy?
OBAMA did nothing for Otto and Tahmoreesi. Trump got Otto home at least to die with family. #LiberalLogic #MAGA #Trumpgetsitdone #WINNING
Prayer for Otto & his loved ones
I mourn the collective loss to all of humanity
You're too busy focusing on social justice, why do you care?
Yeah tmwe really need to do something with that great land  in North Korea other than torture ppl.
So sad. I'm so glad his parents got to see him. RIP. CONDOLENCES.
God give them peace
Ours too @HomefrontHugs / this is so tragic and the only solace Al is that he was with his family in the end where he belonged - home.
Echoing Sen. Franken's thoughtful words. Sorry for your loss, Warmbier family,
