.@SenFranken @GrafHeysoos @chrislhayes @allinwithchris Dont forget to mention the voter fraud that got you elected against Norm Coleman.
provide some proof
.@PantherMystique @SenFranken @GrafHeysoos @chrislhayes @allinwithchris Dear God, google it. 2008.
conservative news typical bullshit. Try again.
.@PantherMystique @SenFranken @GrafHeysoos @chrislhayes @allinwithchris You owe me any apology. Leave your bubble sometimes.
no no I can't say that I do. A Forbes Opinion piece doesn't = facts.
.@PantherMystique @SenFranken @GrafHeysoos @chrislhayes @allinwithchris Yet I waste my time on another liberal. Keep those eyes shut.
Dems need to shut it down. Declare an emergency in our gov. We the ppl refuse to let Trump/admin  continue this way
says the Russian egg bot
I'll be watching.reject the health care bill please.
I'm a caregiver for mom & husband. I need to be healthy for them.
 It's just us 3. Thx
@statefarm2005 @chrislhayes @allinwithchris Keep up the awesome work Senator! You're a bright spot in these dark days in the WH.
thanks for all you do!
OBAMA WHO?????
Only a senator with experience as a satirist can make sense of this mess
the JOKER
You're doing a fine job Sen. Franken. Can't be easy.  I appreciate it.
the Joker, LOSER JOKER
your propensity to suspend is valid.
Fetal rights legislation must fail. The abortive pain argument is nonsense - all rapid growth causes pain... 'growing pains'+
-- @LindseyGrahamSC  needs to stop romanticizing, the womb is not a pain-free zone. Growing bones are painful- ask teenage boys
Thank you, Sen Franken, for yr probing & important questioning of Gorsuch, his humanity & empathy
You were "very rude " to Gorsuch. Go back to SNL
FOR PRESIDENT! @chrislhayes @allinwithchris
someoneneeds to tune in to help those ratings
why?  So you can grandstand some more?  You behave like a partisan hack. Represent all Minnesotans!
You made a fool out of yourself yesterday acting like you actually care about the "little guy".
Omg lol. SNL called, they want their idiot back
It needs to be put on hold until all the Russia stuff is out and Trump is impeached or resigns
Naw: I got enough laughs from you for one day
Thank you Sen. Al Franken your questions to the N Gorsurch. We need more people like you.
any Dem who "strikes a deal" will be primaried. This filibuster is non-negotiable.
There should be NO HEARINGS while the WH is being investigated for #Trumprussia #Impeach45
can you publish a copy of this Constitution you swore an oath to defend? You know, the Obama version.
Gorsuch 'I followed the law, did what my bosses expected, not my fault' sound  Nuremberg excuses
you weren't very good at comedy (Franken) but you are terrible at politics!
Force McConnell to go nuclear. He push Reid to change rules and blamed dems. Blocked Garland. Mitch needs blood on his hands.
A Democratic walk-out seems appropriate.
I bet you are used to seeing absurdity you have a lot of practice looking in the mirror every day

We are tired of your administrative state. You are NOT our boss we are YOURS. Praying for Gorsuch.
Thank you for standing up to tyranny during #GorsuchHearing. Solidarity in pointing out absurdity.
DEMOCRATS...walk out!
Great questions of Gorsuch & exposing heartlessness. I'm proud to be a #democrat @OccupyDemocrats
A vote for Gorsuch is a vote against Garland.
he is a sick bastard

Loved your questioning of Gorsuch's absurd decision against the truck driver. Keep it up!  I'm sure your constituents are proud!
U R my hero. How can we have a Russian operative potus nominate next scotus? #inners
You haven't seen anything! #trucking companies want drivers 2 work 30hrs extra/wk wo pay.
Ask Gorsuch abt accepting nom after Senates unconstitutional acts. He's disqualified by his choice
Think Chris will ask if "Catch and Release" is one of those absurdities you ID'd? Ya sure uBetcha.
Just have to flip script in 2018,if all the dumbass voters are beaten up enough by then! Pray!
Say it's not about gorsuch the man and walk out. GOP will use nuclear option anyway fuck em!
I love you Sen. Franken!!!
Loved it!! U the man Al!!
Would rather watch paint dry
Watched it; loved it!
You can't seriously think of allowing this nomination to go forward now, with recent IC revelations.
this is a coup orchestrated by Vladimir Putin, executed by Donald Trump, and abetted by the GOP
It is TIME for BIPARTISAN SELECT COMMITTEE & INDEPENDENT SPECIAL PROSECUTOR! BLOCK gorsuch HEARINGS NO APPOINTMENT
AL DEMAND STOP HEARINGS! PREZ INVESTIGATION COLLUSION UNDER WAY!!! STOP ALL
Thanks Sen Al Franken for asking and confronting Gorsuch!
stop the hearings & let's get FBI investigation done. Just walk out. Impeachment time is upon us.
@ArgentinaPatito @chrislhayes @allinwithchris THANKS
Thank you for having an amazing intellect and a sharp tongue!
You're a true hero, Al. THANK YOU FOR YOUR SERVICE!
Proud to have a Senator like you Senator Franken representing we the people. The Senate has a new Lion of the Senate in You Sir!
Caught U on All In. Gorsuch ruling on firing guy who culd'v frozen to death on the job Obsurd!
yay!
Lord, dumber and dumbest together again.
A failed comedian and someone ppl think is a comedian.
What's with giving @SenFranken the bum's rush?  You asked him like two questions.
since ur so concerned with how the other guy got treated, I'm sure you feel awful for Norm Coleman
LOVED THE RUSH LIMBAUGH BOOKS!! Genius!
great job holding Gorsuch's feet to the fire.  You're good enough, smart enough, and doggoneit people like you.
too bad ELECTIONS HAVE CONSEQUENCES. U LOST
Always nice to hear your thoughts.
Trump: "I'm good enough. I'm smart enough. And doggone it, people like me." I love you Al!
Al Franken for President !!!
thank you for saying need to slow down w/ gorsucb. You're right, the American people do care.
doesn't matter one bit, nuclear option!!!! Thank you Harry Reid!!!!
Wow, even @SenFranken won't call for even a pause of the confirmation hearing!?
Watching. You go!!
the JOKER
Al you are correct the SANE decision was to help the truck driver ! 10000000% correct Al !
the truck driver acted correctly under the FMCSR Federal Motor Carrier Safety Regulations. Simple statute.  @chrislhayes
You should run for president in 2020. Prep now.
this can't be a real interview with Al. what an idiot.
Love you Senator!
great job today, but remember in cross examination, when you make a great point stop!
I'm calling on you to suspend the vote on Gorsuch until investigation into Trump/assoc connections to Russia is complete
@LeChatNoire4 @chrislhayes @allinwithchris ready
After yesterday's hearing, I'm left to believe that more SNL cast members should be in politics.
if he gets a seat you delegitimize the highest court in the land. This is how a civil war starts.
You bet!
I love you Al Franken!
get 'um Al!
U Bet! 2 of my favs  on a "bigly" news day!#Manafort  Complicit #Nunes + #SCOTUS #inners 
watching
hopefully the Nunes pressed too.  I would love your input
Thank you for the honesty you brought with you to politics we need absurdity detectors like you.
Yes i will. Keep up the Vigilant Stamina
Nunes tried 2 downplays 2 media 4  Trump. Was part of transition. NOW this! EPIC
Your  opposition to Trump's Radical Populist Extremism is appreciated. Courage, mon frère!
I was so infuriated with what i heard him say in response to the questions, attacking questioners
it was ur bad hair cut.
you rock, Al #Patriot
@LeChatNoire4 @chrislhayes @allinwithchris they are cutting essential benefits from trumpcare. Warn people
I'll be there!
Thank you for your service to our country, Senator!
Super excited, Mr.Franken you continue to speak out on behalf of us awoke Americans.
Your joking right? You looked pathetic in the Hearings.......
I'm #Inners!
Sen Franken I always listen to your interviews. Suggest senate vote on Garland before Gorsuch. 
yay!
I'll be watching!
wish you were my Senator instead of embarrassing Jeff Flake
Thank you, Senator Franklin! We know absurd as well!
No more citizens United
Will you have a few drinks before your interview?
Absurd Gorsuch says he can't comment on things that mb a SC Case! Everything is a potential case @chrislhayes @allinwithchris
looking forward to seeing you all tonight. Crazy day huh?
I hope you'll be telling us it's all on hold till #trumprussia investigation is complete!!
Love you Senator!
NO Judge should be considered until Obama's nomination is given a proper hearing.  Til then its NO!
senator franken you sir are one of a kind I really appreciate your service to our country
Did Manafort bring Russiun computers with cyberwarfare software on it, like a bot/hack franchise?
You guys have got to keep this guy out. We are behind you. Keep fighting. Spank Reps.
If #Gorsuch had any interest in integrity & honor, he'd step aside in declared deference 2 Garland.
I'll be watching.
shouldn't gorsuch appointment be tabled until 45 is cleared of #treason #espionage?
Thanks for your work, Senator.  We need you more than ever.
'd watching you ? #gorsuch , but seriously, did anyone ask him about possible russian ties?
Thank you for your work. The people of our country need you and we need more like you in congress
two amazing, smart and witty guys.
Sure will
Hope y'all will discuss whether Gorsuch stonewalling on his financial supporters is disqualifying.
bet you don't commit to filbustering this SC nomination
Love you Al!!!! Keep fighting for us!
definitely!  You're one of my heroes!
Citizen's United, please.
.@SenFranken @chrislhayes @allinwithchris Please ask Gorsuch Qs about "personhood" for embryo implications, given # of spontaneous abortions
Incredible president; illegitimate appointment. Please do not allow this to happen.
what advertising?
Would rather chew my own hand off.
@SenFranken I would not miss it.
You're the EXPERT on Lies & the Lying Liars Who Tell Them

@nhdogmom @chrislhayes @allinwithchris

yes!
Will you talk about all the ignorant questions you asked the very intelligent Judge?
sure will need a good chuckle!
I hope you two will discuss the intersectionality & essential white supremacism inherent in the scotus hearings.
not if it is the last show on earth.
I'd like to know what you think about the Supreme Court ruling against Gorsuch via Reuters news
Will be watching!
You were absolutely the best during the hearings! Well done. Thank you!
@SenateDems Plz walk out of the Gorsuch hearings. No adv&cons 4 a #StolenSeat & a #FakePresident !

@chrislhayes @allinwithchris
Franken you're awesome
That is definitely not absurd. See y'all soon!
see ya soon
thanks for all your work @SenFranken
It's a confirmation hearing, not a criminal interrogation. Don't be an ass. He kinda owned you.
Sen Franken, thank you for the great job you're doing questioning Gorsuch
Admire you both SO much! Thanks for what you both do.
Will be there. And thank you for telling Gorsuch that guy who almost frozen to death. That ruling was ridiculous! I agree!
LOVE U SEN FRANKEN! Hey wanna be president instead of crazy man???
keep on fighting Al...
I'll be watching
As good a time as any to announce your 2020 Prez run.
Oh my Lord. You are kidding right. Frankenstein is ignorant & doesn't have a clue.
Pause the #GorsuchHearing It's the right thing to do.
who knew Stuart Smalley was such a model American and fantastic Senator?

way ahead of you. I already have my DVR set to record~!~
Please bring up Citizen's United. Gorsuch supports this dark money in politics / corporations as people.
Keeping me up past my early mornings bedtime but you're worth it. #teacherproblems
Look forward to watching you Al. Was always a fan, becoming a bigger one. #voteno #GorsuchHearing
