In a dangerous move, @HouseGOP—at the behest of President Donald Trump—voted to rip apart the landmark Wall Street reform law Dodd-Frank.
Dodd-Frank was put in place seven years ago to help safeguard middle-class families from another massive financial meltdown.
When we passed Dodd-Frank, we did so to clean up Wall Street and protect Americans who lost their jobs, homes, & retirement savings in 2008.
But now, by attempting to give bankers & hedge fund managers control over our economy, GOP and @POTUS are inviting another financial crisis.
This is a giveaway to Wall Street bigwigs who are salivating over the opportunity to once again gamble w/ Americans’ $$$ w/o repercussions.
I will oppose this disastrous, backwards bill every step of the way in the Senate, bc I represent MN families & businesses—not Wall Street.
And my message to @POTUS, who's promised to defend workers and those struggling to make ends meet, is stop attacking people who elected you.
I keep on voting for you and I keep on not regretting it.
So tell me again how he plans to drain the swamp? Rolling back bank regs and hires wall st players. Yep. Drained swamp in his pocket #resist
How dare he want to make sure taxpayers arent the ones bailing out banks, the nerve of him
Are you serious? He rolled back all the protections guaranteeing greed will return and we will have to bail them out, again And people lose
When you're calling your senators about the ACHA  be sure to share your thoughts on this bill as well.
I will, ill say please kill the acha, my premiums came within $1 of doubling and all prescription costs have skyrocketed,
The GOP sucks!!!
That too.  LOL  #RESIST
Im sorry but does anyone here actually know about the exec orders Pres Trump signed.  Its simply a review of 2 shaky aspects of Dodd-Frank
Yes who needs silly banking regulations and fiscal accountability while the GOP lines their pockets? Shabbat shalom, senator.
I just read that 81% of repub find #trump to be honest & trustworthy 
How can they not understand what a piece of  he is?
#CorrupTrump
Do you even have any clue of the orders Pres Trump signed?Its to make sure taxpayers arent the ones bailing out banks,not a repeal of dfrank
the country was focused on "Brainwashing Liberal Media" Republicans tried to pull a fast one like the democrats. Infiltration at it's finest
We can only rely on the grown ups in the Senate to protect us now. Please help my Senators Orrin and Mike see the light. PLEASE #RESIST
Mitch I hope you are trying to get your Senators to act, too. You can make such a difference, coming from a Red State.
The don't answer the phone... Lordy only knows if they read their mail.... can you say "out of touch"?   #RESIST
Have you tried ResistBot? It's EASY and they FAX your MoCs, getting around some of these blocks. Just text RESIST to 50409 to get started.
It works great !!
Well, who's fault was that? Maybe call more attn. to "the fast one" than the J. Edgar Comey testimony?
You are the absolute best!!!
Last time the bankers played their game teacher pensions lost big.  Now I have to work 5 more years & pay more in to retire at lower benefit
Teachers will get their reward in the afterlife. I have to believe it. 'Cause we aren't getting a financial reward in THIS world. 
Hahaa ok. Teachers are the biggest martyrs on earth.
What could possibly go wrong? 
Wait but didnt the parties switch places as dems like to say.
Tried ?? They're getting away with it !!

This is a depression coming!

Do something. We're trying !
You know the only reason they still support Trump is their "AGENDA"..he's their pawn
Thats worthy of top 10 most ludicrous Trump theories ive heard yet, and thats sayin something. Any facts to base this on?
Your not smart enough, your not good enough, and people with common sense don't like you...
Keep telling yourself this,,and maybe it might be true,,some day.
Bahaha trying to create a distraction from the testimony by claiming it's being used as a distraction
Ha Al why don't you go back and talk about child sexual assaults. Apparently you think that's funny.
WHAT ELSE IS NEW?
Our Sacramento Bee has an article on your book.
We are watching those bastards.
I'm sick of you just representing MN. Time to represent the rest of us: Warren-Franken, 2020, or Franken-Warren. I'm not picky. Work it out.
Carter signed a law to force banks to make bad loans. Clinton enforced the law. Dodd and frank were behind that law.Al go away.
Is this even new?  However, now it seems it has gotten worse
You are a joke for a senator; go back to comedy, you probably did not make enough money. Looser on both fronts
Didn't Dodd Frank do literally nothing to safe guard anything?
Do your damn job Al, you're doing nothing but obstructing while the republicans are trying to improve things for the people.
You mean, while congress is wasting its time on a fake manufactured crisis, the RNC is carrying on the business of government.

We have to watch every arm of the octopus.
The GOP Certainly seems to be at war with"We the People" rather than defend those who put them there. Like schoolboys pulling pranks.
Also told by insiders, they r vetting SC replacements 4 Kennedy & planting fake news 2 convince him his legacy will remain intact if he goes
Al Franken needs to go back to the comedy routines because as a Senator he is embarrassing.
it didn't work Trump and cronies think that the American people are stupid well we are not
Do you think DT will release the tapes when he releases his taxes? lol
Yes the bait & switch ... it's breaking my heart and the heart of this country.
We wising up on those Republican Traitors and their tricks
I'd rather be a leaker than a liar
The GOP only care 4themselves their wealthy friends &donors. Regular Americans take note secure your funds. We know where this road goes
Unbelievable they want to go backwards. It truly feels like destroying US from the inside. Never would have imagined amazing time to witness
Tell us about it Sen. Franken! Thanks for you courage and fighting spirit!
Optics be damned! The unethical, borderline corruption of this entire administration is astonishing. I can't even laugh about @POTUS
If you still have questions who the @GOP work for after reading this i'll just have to SMH.
As late,great Gene McCarthy used to say,if you were drowning 30' offshore a Republican would throw out a 15' rope and say he met you halfway
A true #GiantOfTheSenate!
I Rember-we are STILL renting!!!
No doubt led by that corrupt Bitch McConnell.
Thank you, Senator Franken, we lost our house in 2008 and nobody deserves that so the rich get richer. Shame on them. Kudos to you
The Art of the Deal: Diversions & Lies, while  Republicans reap & rape us! DEMS must refocus to policies! MSM & majority refocus to Russia!
And? Please finish the story...
So proud to call this man MY SENATOR!!!!!
Think you guys could get him to run in 2020? I think he would be a perfect candidate, but would you be able to replace him with another Dem?
As much as I love and respect  @SenFranken ... I fear he's to smart for the President's job.
Besides the fact that we need men and women like him in the Senate.
Weren't they successful?  Please tell me they didn't get away with it!
@HouseGOP I am one embarrassed Republican. B/t this and Trumpcare!
We need to get this whole damn regime out. They are literally killing us. What's wrong with them?
So Machiavellian of GOP & Prez
And we are underway! #CGNE17
Looking good Joe! #TwistedTroop
So excited to see you in Berkeley next month! Already have my ticket!
I'm  genuinely asking, WHAT CAN WE DO??? 
I call my reps. I want to do MORE. Please tell us how we can stop them!
A beacon of light in the Senate.
Heard about that! Sneaky bastards.
Not the first one! Seems to be a MO of swamp that has flooded the peoples house.
Yup. Time to pull our money from the major banks. Find a good local credit union.
I'm one of the lucky ones - I live in Minnesota! @SenFranken Al has my vote no matter what he runs for!
Are there any remedies for the procedural shenanigans that @GOP are playing in Senate with such a major piece of legislation like AHCA?
#staywoke
Doesn't anyone in a position to represent Americans have any sense of decency and learn from the past?
keep standing up for us!! 
...hey...we've got a governor in Wisconsin that does
the same thing...
Dear Sir, can't someone get this madness to end?? #FakePresident
Stop them. Democrats need to fight for the middle and lower class. The Republicans have abandoned us.
For a long time now.
They didnt "try"... they DID
I thought and believe the job of politicians to make our lives and the country better not worse why is it the republications do the opposite
Oh no! What now?
This thread 
Because we cared about one thing, the Republicans did another? Is that what you are saying? How about you do something in the Senate?
He didn't say it was our fault, it's just shit that's good to be aware of
Already aware of it. It's been in the pipeline since February at least.
And there's only so much the Dems can do since they don't have the numbers.
@SenFranken , Shorter version that works every day 

Yesterday, Republicans tried to pull a fast one on the American people.
@SenateMajLdr @GOP subverting democratic processes. From party of obstruction to obfuscation. TrumpCare will kill.
Try getting the media to cover it! CNN is now the Comey News Network!
Sneaky as usual.. Thank the Heavens you're on the watch squad... 
And what was that?
Not surprised 2018
U mean the testimony about Russian collusion that u and ur ilk drummed up knowing full well there was no Russia collusion? That testimony?
But when Clinton repealed Glass-Steagall it was all cool right? 
Relevant how? Wanna drag Taft into this next?
If u even have a slight interest in our economic state u would know that moment is believed to have precipitated the housing market crash.
You do recall his interviews about the crashed housing market? He was glad, he made millions off of the backs of troubled and eco depressed.
They are truly MACHIAVELLIAN!!!

Liar!
Steve Mnuchin must be making all sorts if plans, bet he can't wait to start his thieving again.
Unbelievable. Don't let Ryan & Company get away with dismantling Dodd Frank. Enough us enough!!
I wish SOMEONE would get us out of this Rep/Rusky hell. Does no one know history? Senate now planning new health w/no hearings!
You and your DemocRAT comrades "pull a fast one on the American people" on a daily basis!  Try telling the truth Franken!!

I'd love to call you Mr.President.
You know they are pulling out all the stops to hit us with rapid fire topics and legislation dirty pool is the name of the game
Sadly, I'm not surprised.
Don't worry...we've been practicing with Obama for the past 8 years. Not gonna happen again
Trumps great at Distraction chaos mayhem n destructive rhetoric n actions we must Remove him from Power n take away his evil Pen!!!
Keep what the GOP is doing behind closed doors out in the news...we don't need another economic meltdown or lack of decent insurance
That's what's making me madder than a wet hen ! The ONLY NEWS we get is about Trump related crap and Maybe Weather anymore ! We deserve more
Al Franken 2020
This is just part and parcel to the same daily bs he's always pulling. Come ON 2018! And this time, lets go with the PEOPLE'S choice.
The only reason Frankenstein is even a senator, is he was able to pull a fast one on his constituents
Run
Al Franken for Prez 2020
Stunning how you and so many of your party continue to make fools of yourself and party, yet are so clueless as to how unamerican u r being
Just like you said @lurie_john.
Thank you Senator. Sincerely
Figures.
The old razzle dazzle - getting looking left while you steal from them on the right.   They have no shame, integrity or patriotism
And THAT'S why they don't want to unseat him. He is GREAT cover for them ramming through their domestic agenda.  Nobody's looking at THEM.
Sir..I must ask...how is this Congress running our country with a man who knows absolutely nothing and can't even get it straight on Qatar?
Sadly Comey lied when he said under oath he put his notes into a system of records but secure device is not discoverable under FOIA so what?
I feel sick. I don't have a lot in my retirement savings, but I need what little I've got.
Another one?
Why is it we take 3 steps forward, new president take 4 steps back? Does ANYONE in House or Senate vote for AMERICA and NOT PARTY?
Please fight against the repeal of Dodd-Frank - we NEED these protections!  The GOP is only interested in screwing people for big business!!
And? What are the @TheDemocrats in #congress going to do about this? Anything?
They can't do anything until they regain the majority.
Here we go again with that nonsense. Read Caro's multi volume biography of LBJ and learn what real #Dems leadership is. #P2
So scary.
I know.. I hope its not true.
This seems to be their new habit.
Please don't let the Senate make the same mistake @alfranken
That's up to all of us. We saw something, we need to say something.
Lots of Americans feel helpless to stop the destruction of our country. What can we do to stop Trump? 
Like a bunch of roaches...with the lights out and people are away they scramble about getting what they can until the lights come back on.
I'm aware https://twitter.com/progenyzero/status/872918641846751232 … tried to mention. Thanks!
The CHOICE ACT to replace Dodd-Frank 
https://www.housingwire.com/articles/40376-house-votes-to-abolish-dodd-frank … 
I believe James Commey 100%
I thought they gutted Dodd Frank so that we can have another financial crises....
The notion that @GOP not fond of Trump is ridiculous! He is their distraction front man at the head of the grifter wagons! DEMS outnumbered.
Keep fighting the good fight senator. We need you. We Thank you.
thattttt doesn't sound like the Republicans I know
Al, you need to start laying the groundwork for a 2020 presidential bid. We need you.
So SICK OF THESE PEOPLE!!!!
It's time
 @impeach_la #ImpeachmentMarch
Loved your book! Bought 4 so far as gifts
sounds about par for the course lately.  :(
It's called priorities, while the democrats/liberals/media cannot move forward on anything, you know the fabricated Russian thing. The
Republicans, the President & his administration are moving forward. The people in the US are watching your childish behavior too !
Not sure if we can stop Republicans. 
Too much power for so much destruction.
We can only march, call and pray
Tax payers court case to sue?
Thank you for paying attention!
The country is being stripped of all the things Obama put in place that saved us from a DEPRESSION. Here we go again. 
BS. Trump made it clear during the campaign he would push back Dodd-Frank, a bill which only benefits big banks, lobbyists & gov't. #truth
Great.  We get it Al.  But tweeting doesn't stop him.  DO SOMETHING!
Thankfully you were paying attention & are positioned to block
Bank fees credit card fees and other fees are taken out of your account you will feel the burn of Trump. Hidden fees and charges are coming
It's time we identify #Trump and the #GOP as one: they pull fast one on American people for their own interests, political and financial
Thank you for your work. Feel free to call them out as the douchebags they are. Sincerely a constituent from SE MN. Oh & run for POTUSw/Amy!
I'm certain the Democrats would/have never done anything like that! (Sarcasm)
The Dems put it in place to protect Americans (no sarcasm, just a big head smack)
Nope, we were aware....
they certainly did 
like a magician
look over here  watch what I am doing over here 
bur the real trick is over there
Help us!  Be strong!
SEN. Would u consider running in 2020? U would most certainly have my vote. Thank u sir for ur service.
That is my biggest fear-The Repugnants distracting the public with one evil to commit worse! How do they think of these atrocities?
https://storify.com/DemFromCT/ben-w 
That's the only way they know how to do things. Pass laws while people sleep, or while something more important is happening, etc
This is their strategy moving forward.
Love @SenFranken
I love you Al Franken!  You ARE a Giant of the Senate.
FRANK Stop getting your info from NY times! #1fakenews #comeyhammer
#TheResistance saw it, Senator. We here to SMASH puny GOP!

While we're all being distracted by Trump's wizardry, the congress is hard at work making their plans behind his back. That's the real plan.
Succeeded
Truly I am not surprised. Truly I am not. 
I call it continuing to do the work of the people.  The world can't come to a standstill
I know why the GOP loves DT.  THEY ARE ALL ALIKE!!!!
They sure as hell did! Please stop them from attempting to ram thru a partisan version of the AHCA!!
Deregulation of Pollution, shortsided proposal of FAA management, Allowing Financial Institutions to Steal, Taking away Health Care. Impeach
Yeah they are a bunch of sneaky ba***rds
That's what they do...typical #GOP MO...
Shows what kind of people they really are
And yet you won't go on Bill Maher to speak to us...  we need your voice. Bill made a slip. Your message transcends the forum.
Senator Franken, go on Bill Maher, you didn't say anything wrong. I am many others believe you can run in 20. POTUS Hazard way worse.DO IT
Thank you Al! The people of Minnesota are lucky to have you as their Senator! Well said. 
Thank you for being alert.
Watching from afar...what R U, &others, able 2 do w/o any congressional leverage? Repubs can pass anything they want w/o due regard 2 U.
Thank you Senator Franken!!  We need more people to stand up for all of us not the richest of us!!
Resurrection of The Vampire Squid aka Mnuchin
