I want to work w/ my GOP & Dem colleagues to fix the flaws in ACA. CBO analysis shows Senate bill won't do it. I will vote no on mtp. 1/3
As @lisamurkowski said today, "this is not for Rs to fix or Ds to fix, this is for us as Americans to fix." Healthcare should be bipartisan.
With delayed health care vote, hope this means more GOP colleagues are willing to do something I've long been calling for: working together.
But if GOP keeps working to gut #Medicaid and weaken coverage for those with preexisting conditions, I'll fight on behalf of Minnesotans.
I'll keep fighting for Minnesotans like Brandon & Sheri, and I held up their photo so @SenateGOP can see real people their bill would hurt.
Thanking all senators who are voting down trumps healthcare reform ! 
It's past time that all factions in Congress work together on behalf of the US. The adults have to reign in Tea Party obstructionism.
I respect and admire your efforts, Senator. But I ask that at this time, you only extend your hand, do not cross the isle yet.
Wait for the Republicans to cross the isle to take your hand, then we'll know they won't try to stab you in the back right away.
With their current attitude of "we won, get over it," there is no real hope of compromise. They first need to learn it's not about "winning"
The GOP needs to first learn that the government in the US is about SERVING the people, not about 'ruling' offer them.
Form a real bipartisan working group regardless of McConnell and Schumer's instructions.
You are right, mark.  Obamacare is broken and republican proposal has issues. Stop rhetoric , work together and fix it!
Exactly. Time for bipartisan solution and Trump must insist on it.
How about we start talking universal healthcare? That's what is needed and that's what will happen eventually.
Seriously! Let's stop pretending insurance companies serve any purpose whatsoever except to make a  profit
Susan kill the Bill! If you truly work for the American people! Single payor!
At last reason! Thank God for women elected!
1St fix healthcare drug & other costs 2X other countries.2nd reduce fraud waste in Defense Dept then money for MEDICARE FOR ALL No tax cuts
Please get a universal single payer plan funded by progressive tax to the CBO to put Alongside Trumpcare and Obamacare care.
1st fix healthcare drug & other costs 2X other countries 2nd reduce fraud waste in Defense Dept Then money for MEDICARE FOR ALL No tax cuts
Want to hear more about this! We only get the negative. Dems won't cooperate & aren't interested. We know different. But no one else does.
trump would never allow it - forget it
It might give the popuation of the US a bit of hope about the future if working together actually came to be.
I fear that any *broad* Senate consensus couldn't/wouldn't be brought to the House floor by Ryan
Gotta put the Risk Corridors back in place.  Could ya work on that?
read it @POTUS - and facilitate collaboration
that would be awesome! Make it better, don't repeal or replace it.
Start with a pledge to improve the ACA through regular order, not reconciliation. Cannot be a tax bill pretending to be health care
Have you started drafting what that fix could look like? We have to start somewhere!
There R other options4insurance How about regulations on ins & pharma Why R they allowed to give millions to CEO's? Regulate them?
Exactly. 
Let everybody have health care, solved 
@SenatorCollins  I Rember Sen Franken was the 1st Dem to reach across aisle to tell his Rep colleagues to work on the Exchanges
Please run for president in 2020 @alfranken ! I will quit my job to work on your campaign! I'll even move to Minnesota, and I hate the cold!
Please... we need our leaders to be....well , LEADERS
@lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins remember compromise is not a dirty word
@SenatorCollins thank you Sen Collins
Sir, I humbly ask that Dems begin to publish their ideas on amending health care. I'd rather read your solutions vs daily criticisms of GOP.
This is how it's supposed to work. Bravo Senators!
Dems. And Repubs. that want to work together should meet for coffee. 13 met, now time for partisan MTG at Starbucks.
Thank you for all you do for all Americans!
Sadly, it seems many don't want to hear from the people this evil bill will affect.  Not all are openminded as u.  Kudos, Sen Franken
@CongressmanRuiz @KamalaHarris @SenFeinstein   I'm a dem I want to see our fix. I'm sick of this .
Please please please Dems and Reps work together to improve ACA. We only have you all. We need you to step up.
I sincerely hope that all of u stop the lip service & really truly get together & accomplish something. Paul Ryan & Mitch Mc need a time out
Oh, "Giant of the Senate" or if you prefer "Supreme Being" may you have the wisdom of King Solomon in these difficult times.
@SenatorCollins let's be honest McConnell only cares what the Freedom Caucas wants in the bill for them to vote yes
Senator, America elected @POTUS and Republican Congress to repeal ACA. Why don't you work with the Republicans on their bill? ACA is over.
That would be the most pragmatic solution for the country.

#StopTrumpCare #SavetheACA
Here's a radical idea. How about fixing that 3% of #ACA insured who's premiums have gone up and leave the other 97% alone? @SenatorCollins
what if anything stops you @SenatorCollins @SenSchumer and others from forming a bipartisan committee on your own? even if unofficial
@OhioDistrict12 @SenatorCollins You do?I'm so shocked- .@SenMajLdr says Dems aren't interested in a bill that is 1/6 of economy
I'm sickened that my Grandfather who worked his whole life, a veteran of Korean war, and a loving man may be kicked out of his nursing home
Because Medicaid will be cut! Please help the elderly, disabled, and vets! Stop this bill!
@SenFranken - look beyond fixing ACA. To truly fix our healthcare system so it will work for years, Rs&Ds must commit to something bigger
#singlepayer #medicareforall Let's stop messing around
Nobody says it, but Republicans have no interest in improving ACA. Their plan is to sabotage it. Why is no one saying this?
Theodore! Everyone's saying it!
Have been stuck on words repeal & replace. Just work together and fix healthcare. Put country first.
Look at what bill will do to economy and job losses.
Yes Al. Hopefully D & R can come together.  Unfortunately we have hard line right wingers like @RepAndyBiggsAZ who want full repeal.
@readingrenee @SenatorCollins thank you Senator Frankenstein for all that you do. Senator, Collins, I couldn't agree more
Bravo
Let's not pretend Republicans have any interest in doing so. They only care about the 1% and destroying Obamas legacy.
You would have to do so despite @SenMajLdr, the last thing he wants is bipartisanism. All the more reason both sides should go around him.
Please work together, but don't allow @SenateMjrLdr railroad you into giving HUGE tax cuts to the wealthy on the backs of the poor!
Have you met the Freedom Caucus? They haven’t gone anywhere and they don’t see healthcare as a right.
I'm sick & tired of R's blaming D's & vice versa! This is not how things get done. WORK TOGETHER. THAT IS THE CHANGE PEOPLE VOTED FOR.
Teamwork makes the dream work, this country is in deep trouble otherwise
Amen. Bipartisan bill. Help your constituents get affordable healthcare!
Al, Al, Al, really? Do you believe @SenatorCollins ? You're going to be so dissapointed when she takes a payoff and votes yes.
I'm afraid she'll eventually side with the Republican because with them "party before country".
The day the GOP accepts health care as a human right we can move forward, until then we are speaking a different language
That's the best for the american people !
Show the country that we can be The American Party. United we stand - Divided we fall!
that would be a gift to all Americans. Bipartisanship
Expand and enhance ACA is what majority of Americans want, Senator
You haven't lost your sense of humor. Fantastic.
