Didn't trump have a phone conversation with putin a few days prior to firing Comey ?
Oh how exciting... Just remember, you're good enough, you're smart enough, and doggoneit people like you.
Thanks for your REAL patriotism Al!
Thank you Sen Franken
Please help the country! Keep doing your job.
KEEP FIGHTING AL
McConnell #russiacollusion - lock him up!
Shut the Senate down if necessary. This cannot stand.
You need to hold the senate floor until a special prosecutor is appointed! #Holdthefloor #Comeygate #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
That's what Mutller is
That comment was from May 10 prior to Mueller's appointment
Do it! We're behind you! Don't let him get away with this too!
Thank you for your work for America! Obstruction of Justice #SpecialProsecutor #IndependentInvestigation
Yes!!!!!!!
Wish the people could fire you, maybe the next election!
Thanks @SenFranken we are counting on you and a few of the other honest senators to get us out of this mess.
Yeeeesh!
Silly silly guy! Let's play let's play Devil's Advocate and just say aftr10 yr of investig, zillions of $ taxpayer $,theres no evidence. ??
Go, Al! All senate business needs to come to a grinding halt until this is sufficiently addressed.
I just wanted to say i think your awesome
Thank you Senator! Regardless of outcome, you are a patriot.
Did anyone not notice WH Presser when she stated the WH leads the justice department?  What happened to independence??
Bravo, @SenFranken! We're with you!
Franken 2020!!!
Say it load Al! You have the support of the majority of Americans.
Jeez loud.. Loud! Autocorrect 
I hope you don't wear your diaper.
Stay On Task!  America is counting on our senate to save our democracy.
Thank you for speaking truth to power @SenFranken #TrumpRussia #impeachTrumpnow #JamesComeyfired
Independent investigation
Thank you Senator!
PLEASE:DO SOMETHING, Sen. FRANKEN!
POTUS lost confidence in Comey. He only fired the Director not the entire bureau. Calm down snowflake.
Fight & Destroy Al!
Independent Spec Prosecutor!
Sessions #Perjury - lock him up!
Trump Admin & Republican corruption - FAR REACHING & DEEP
- THANK YOU SEN. FRANKEN!! You are an American Treasure!
DO IT Sen Franken!! Apparently you're listening  and one of few willing to speak out & up for what the majority of people want heard. Thanks
Well done
Go get those bad guys!
Democrats were calling for Comeys resignation during Hillary's failed campaign. Now you changed your minds, or just being obstructionists?
No one understands anything you do, but do whatever you have to. Just don't waste too much time with more Democratic nonsense.
Thank you Sen. Franken, you are about the only politician I trust to tell the truth. Keep up the good work, we need more like you.
watching and you are doing great
At what point does he get charged with obstruction of justice & interfering with a federal investigation? That is exactly what he is doing.
do you think the fib was investigating money sessions received?  Yes he should be investigated
Thank you!
Senator, do all you must from the senate playbook to force republicans for a special prosecutor, the union is depending on you all
Why hasn't Sessions been disbarred yet?!?! @SenFranken
Go!!!
You did a great job Al.  A true patriot and leader.  Stay safe...I volunteer as tribute to be your taster.
Take floor and hold it....till Potus and his ilk resign...Please...
Thank you Senator Franken for speaking for our country.
Franken 2020!
Yea!!
Just last week you thought he ruined Hillary's campaign and hated Comey.  Make up your mind.
Thank you!! Please keep it up & nothing gets done until we resolve #russiagate! The MAJORITY wants this most! We don't want illegal dictator
Thank you @SenFranken. You are a voice of reason. Help us stop this madness.
do something like get rid of that ass in the white house.
Go Senator Franken!  @SenatorHeitkamp - Watch and learn!
Comey was fired to allow FBI to open up Clinton e-mail and leakers investigations.
Thanks Al for representing Minnesota and always doing the right thing. You and @amyklobuchar are the best senators a state could have.
True!
We need an independent investigative council!
Good. Keep us posted! #IndependentInvestigation
TY, sir, for your continued efforts. Once again, an Excellent speech for justice! #TheResistance stands behind you
If the GOP wants to put this behind them so they can get on with govt business. Why aren't they calling for Spec. Prosc. to free up Sens?
This was an amazing speech!! He covered everything.
Go get 'em, Senator Franken!
Counting on you to bust this open... And watch them fall ..
God help us please.. Enough
Is enough...
Thank you Senator Franken.
Move on even Dems wanted Comey gone.
It's not about dems liking or not liking Comey, it's about a scandalous, lying, treasonis, White House.
Bravo Senator. You are a true patriot. That was a clear, concise, thorough call and it should be heeded
Please don't let up the pressure on this issue.  USA depends on us to stand up to Corrupt Trump
Yes! Keep hammering away at the Russian ties!
Get job Sen. Franken !! Keep it up !!
1/ Heard it. Thank you. You speak the words that the majority of people are saying. I'm wondering what McConnell is hiding since refusing
2/ to approve independent council and special prosecutor
Please save us. What can we do?
@TZZToday @POTUS. It was a great speech! We need an independ invest NOW & @attorneygeneral need to get someone w/ Dems
Don't let Sessions pick a new director!!!!
Move to New Jersey pretty please!! You are the best.
@SenateDems @POTUS loser
Oh great. *wispers* What could possibly go wrong.   But you wont make any directed allegations. #readwithsarcasm
Just watched you on C-SPAN. Thank you sooooooo much! Please keep this pressure going.
Thank you Senator.. you make me proud to be from the Midwest .. #muchlove #TheResistance
Thank you, Senator
And we're watching.
@SenateDems  91% of the American people believe Comey should be fired.
Keep fighting the good fight @SenFranken.  Proud to have you representing Minnesota.
I dont trust the DOJ either
Thanks for always being on top of watching out for our now fragile, disappearing democracy...
Watching on CSPAN
Senator, we need an independent investigation into #TrumpRussia, and we need it right NOW.
Franken for president!
thank you, senator. you are covering every single point very well.
Thank you for making MN proud and standing up against this blatant corruption!
Demand both a Special Prosecutor and Sessions Resignation!  Recusal does not mean firing the Director leading the FBI Investigation.
@SenateDems @POTUS the American people care about healthcare the economy tax reform. @SenateDems are hypocrites period.
Keep up the fight! Please demand a special prosecutor for Trump's corruption and ties to Russia.
Be sure & tell your idiot comrades that Comey wasn't "doing the investigation" -his agents were! They're all there. He sat reading reports!
Please keep fighting for us!
Go get 'em!

Thank you Sen. Franken for being an honorable man
Thank you. Action needed today.
Bring it Senator! Time is slipping away.
You go, Al!
C-SPAN2
Thank you for all you do senator!
You're such a strange little man the still hopes Hillary has a chance
RIP USA
RUSSIA Has Won!
Not yet!
@SenateDems @POTUS you sir as full of it as a Xmas turkey.

Yawn....Zzzzz...
Surreal like a 1970s black light poster
thank you just tuned in
Watching. Stay strong, Al! Thank you for being my rep!
Get 'em!
Address all you want, we are going to drain the swamp!!
I think the Republicans are trying to cover up for Trump
May be time to do some work for a change.
But will you say the words impeachment? I think its time to start that drum beat.
If #sessions hires interim FBI director.. not McCabe..then #potus decides Not to nominate.. interim will be a Kissup to #trump! #trumprussia
ALSO ON CSPAN
O goody  Al. I can't wait to hear your witty hypothetical.
U can pull out ur comedy routine
Go, @SenFranken and @SenateDems, go!
Lol the dead pan look after reading trumps letter about being told 3 times he's not under investigation. Could've used a spit take! #treason
Keep pushing, Senator!  We the People deserve an independent investigation.
Yes!
Go back to SNL!!!
We need more senators like you Al! and by that I mean Comedians. Comics are just better people...
Thank you for your leadership!
Thank you for standing up for what is right
Go for the jugular
So proud of you. Keep giving those bastards hell!
Watching. Thank you.
Go get em @SenFranken! America is counting on you and your colleagues to save our democracy!!
Give em hell
Go get em, Senator!
You should make a sequel to your all time box office smash comedy classic "It's Pat!".
Get them Al! Dig deep! #resist
Be powerful!! This is more than a step too far!
Run for president
