great job, never been prouder!
so, you will be making a fool of yourself again? You did yourself no favors with the last round.
nice job today. Nothing has been the same since citizens united. Corporations are entities nothing more.
.@SenFranken @senjudiciary Thank you Senator for taking Gorsuch to task on his absurd bias toward corporations! #Resistance
#stolenseat
?for GorsuchAs a constitutionalist, the rt to privacy is not in the Constitution.Does he believe in rt to privacy?
give 'em hell bro
Please, don't embarrass Minnesota again. How about (in your best Emily Litella voice) "never mind".
you smell out poop better than me and I'm a dog.
You embarrassed the State who elected you, yesterday.  No repeats, PLEASE!!  Confirm this outstanding Judge!
http://wait.You  mean this judge bought&paid for by dark money aka a few billionaires? NO! USA not for sale
Thank you for being the greatest Senator ever!
Please ask him if HoobyLobby decision wouldallow Muslims 2 carryout Koranic dictatesagainst #LGBT communityin U.S.
Please hold his feet to the fire, sir, and make him actually answer a question. His alignment w/45 frightens.
We're proud of you!!
SNL to politics you. R. Awesome. UR countrymen/women need u!
Thank you @SenFranken for your tireless, ethnical fight for truth, to preserve our democracy, which is being broken down by UNFIT Trump.
hope you have a better day.
Keep up the good work! Tough issues require tough questions.
appropriate questions matter. Stupid ones waste time.
Oh wow, that was painful to watch, full of ramble and gossip. What a waste of taxpayer money... #GorsuchHearing
Has any member asked Judge Gorsuch's thoughts on Judge Garland not having a SCOTUS hearing?
well done today, Senator Franken.  Thank you for putting the people first!  And, holding others accountable
I'll have popcorn at the ready .@SenFranken .@senjudiciary. Why were you never that funny on SNL? Will you at least promise up/down vote?
Franken calls Gorsuch dissent in trucker case ‘absurd’ So well put! Gorsuch is just another Trump.
freeze all nominees we know you dont have the majority but keep up the work. Great synopsis of corporations today

f--- 'em up, Al.
Not sure if watching you amateurishly lecture the Columbia and Oxford educated judge on law is sad or...sad.
You did a fantastic job yesterday! Keep holding his feet to the fire 
Thank you for thoughtful and thorough questioning of Judge Gorsuch.
@alfranken You really phoned it in but you made Feinstein & Durbin look like rocket surgeons, which is extraordinarily difficult
Can someone please ask J. Gorsuch about being unanimously reversed by SCOTUS today. @SenFeinstein @maziehirono
PLEASE ASK HIM MORE re DARK MONEY! ABSURD! #TRUMPUTIN wouldn't have been elec if his Tax Return was made public!
His Judgement was way off in 2008, says SCOTUS
@marieinal @senjudiciary Merrill Garland never even got a hearing, thanks for being a good man Al! #slantedWashington
one really had nothing to do w the other. Congress owes garland an apology.
thank you for that- Thank You for speaking up to the 'little guy' Vs corporation.
so you blame supreme court for CONGRESS refusing to hold a hearing. IDIOT you r playing politics!!!!! Ass
Blames the court for failures of Congress.
How do you know J Garland would not follow precedent or a 100 yr old statute?
S'pose a sanctuary city fails to notify ICE, & an illegal alien harms someone who has no notice.
So, now we waste taxpayer money so you can attack someone & Fox?
give him hell Harry!
I'd like to hear his response to today's unanimous #SCOTUS  decision against his ruling.
#StopGorsuch #stolenseat no decision until @FBI investigation on collusion completed #impeachtrump
more ignorant ? Please, U r not even close to the level of intelligence of Gorsuch it's very apparent watching 
Thank Sen. Franken and staff. Thank you for your brilliant humour. #arbitration #justice #secretarbitration
Idriver had enough time to unhitch, he wasn't suffering hypothermia. Sounds like he had enough gas to wait it out.
wow. You certainly wasted a LOT of time asking ridiculous questions. How in the world did you become a Senator????
on his coat tails from snl
The same NYT that said DJT was wiretapped?
Some people chose to arbitrate to avoid judges, too.
he's going to be confirmed. All you are doing is making an ass out of yourself. But hey the #snowflakes love you
no to Gorsuch.
what is the distinction between ethics and civil liberties?
Ask direct questions  "Are you a racist/bigot, against disabilities & kids etc".  Gorsuch a slick lawyer
Please ask him Senate role in SCOTUS additions & did they fulfill constitutional duty with Garland?
the CONGRESS  buggered up not the SCOTUS.
It's the Senate that has constitutional duty to hold hearings & vote on President's nominee
keep the faith!  My Senators won't!
Thank you, Senator Franken!
I admire Al Franken's focus and dedication to doing his job as the administration implodes due to Kremlingate.
you r confused about what today is all about
stand up comedy

ask him about today's SCOTUS ruling against him
Keep pointing out the ABSURD.
Great job yesterday! Looking forward to seeing you in action again today.
Go get 'em.
Ask him if his name is Merrick Garland. If not, make a very surprised face and ask him, why he's there.
Why on earth are democrats even attending???  Merrick Garland never got a meeting let alone a hearing.
get over what? Senate is doing their job, unlike *45 who vacations every weekend on our dime!
u r ahypocrite. O avg'd 27 vac days/yr, 217 days. GWB 533 days. Trump at 7 weekends vac to date. Sad
give him hell!
Dems need to walk out. Nothing our "president" supports should be considered until his FBI investigation is over.
Ask him if he will recuse himself from any appeals of a Judge Garland decision. He can't be impartial (sympathy).
you do a great job thank you!
your great! #askthemquestions #motwarias #myhighschoolconfession #randomhashtag #respectforthefranken
With an FBI Investigation, why wouldn't the vote be postponed?
fuck him up fam
Go get him again Al.
FILIBUSTER. This is not their seat to fill and the WH is under investigation.
will he agree to impeachment of trump if treason is unearthed
please cut off his folksy chatter. Thx.
watched Trading Places today, FWIW.  Go get em Al.  #FrankenForPres2020
We're 99% behind you and 1% in front of you, clearing the way!
please make sure to ask why he shd be conf'd when the person who nominated him is under fbi investigation re .ru
do you know about what time?  Your questioning has to be one of the best and worthwhile to watch.
