You NEED to come back - you were and always will be THE BEST !
Let's go senator time to get back in the fight!
So true!
I like this I pledge also
We need your voice in the political world.
Run for something!  We're ready to support -- votes, time and $. You were railroaded by the #TreasonWeasels and we need you back!
We need your voice back to do this!!!!
Richard Painter is correct...take your time in the wilderness, but we all plan to see you again #LEADING.
Al....TAKE YOUR RIGHTFUL SPOT BACK.
At times like this, retirement is not an option.
How come so many people who threw you under the bus have taken money from the NRA? If you don’t want your senate seat back, you should do something to salvage the MInnesota governor’s race. In times such as these retirement is not an option. https://twitter.com/SenFranken/status/915005399820009472 …
Run for your seat Al. There’s something smarmy about how this all happened. Your detractors all have taken money from the NRA. 
Please run for your senate seat again, Senator Franken. Leave it up to Minnesota voters if you're  forgiven of your transgressions (if any). I know I do.
Let your constituents decide... not bots
We need you.
Come back !
Miss you, your logic & your clarity.
Amen....
I’m sorry you we’re targeted. Kirsten Gellibrand called loudly for your resignation. Will she call as loudly for gun control? I think not she’s a DINO.  
She was trying to shame the GOP into following the same path, but she forgot that the @GOP has no shame.
We want you back, All, whatever way we can have you. You made a mistake leaving before your term's end; take it back. Apologize, and step back in. 
We NEED you!
We NEED YOU NOW!

WE'RE WAITING...
Get your seat back. Rerun for senate
And you, Sir, owe it to the decent half of this country to stay in public life. You were treated disgracefully by Dems. Perhaps you shd run for Senate as an independent. As a Dem, you would win. As an Indy, you’d probably win. (I loved your latest book, btw).
He should run for gov as a dem! He's a good man who made some goofy mistakes!
We miss you.
Good to hear you voice.
Please consider running for Congress again.
LISTEN TO @RWPUSA.
Al, buddy, enough words. Go chain yourself to a gun store or the state legislature. Do something!
Best tweet I've seen today
Sen. you need to regroup and come back. Think.
Al we need you
It's time to come back to the Senate. You have admitted ur behavior & next to trump's behavior ur a fucking saint. So leave it up to ur constituents. Let them make the choice.
Love you. Would vote for you if I could. Please consider posting your information on a website, NOT Facebook. FB is compromised now. Thanks!
I agree. I refused to click on the link coz it was fb
I love you like a brother, Al 
Your Country NEEDS you!  We need you! Governor? Anything please!  He is destroying America!!
Listen to Richard Painter, Al

damn, but we NEED you now.
Senator Al - get back in the game we need you!!!! Please.
No we actually owe them our respect and prayers & address the real core issues that would cause a person to do this.
Would u say that if it was a Muslim?
I signed my name to petition. We need a solution. I get it. We want our right to bear arms, but why did we drop assault weapon bill in 2004
Wish you would have put up more of a fight to retain your seat. Please run again. America needs you.
Go for it Al!! Like Richard Painter wrote ... grab that governor seat!! @RWPUSA
O.H.  H.O.W. I  M.I.S.S. I
Y.O.U! The Senate is missing one of their BEST SENATORS! PLEASE don't loose your passion for fighting for, & doing what is right for the American People. America NEEDS YOU to use your voice & to speak truth to power. I will ALWAYS support you 100%!
Please run again, Al. America needs you.
Senator Franken?  Please consider running again.
U shld have never left.  What a stupid thing to do.  Not sure when dems will ever learn rules need to apply to both parties.  Trump, the biggest abuser, still in power
We need you!
Run for governor!
Please come back.
I miss your voice of reason. I miss listening to your questions/statements in Senate hearings. We need you in government.
Run for Governor!
We need you, Al! Come back!
you should have NEVER resigned! 
#farenthold ain't left and ain't leaving...

#GOPvsUSA
I wish you’d not retire.
You’re a hell of man! Hang in there and run again!!!
We need you back in the Senate sir, where your voice belongs.
You run again and get right back in the Senate where you belong. You were sacrificied. Not fair.
Please run again!! #FrankenSetup
Get back in there, in some way, please. We need your voice.
Come back @SenFranken!!!
You are sorely missed.  We need men of integrity like you in public office.  Please consider coming back.
#RegisterNow 2 WITH 2 friends then #Vote WITH them in NOV. 
#VoteEarly 4 #GunReformNow 

#VoteOutTheGOP #Resist #Resistance #NastyWomen #UniteBlue #Everytown #Enough #FloridaSchoolShooting #ParklandShooting

How did a weapon designed for warfare become easy 2 buy as a candy bar?
Why should the #TaxPayers pay for #Security for @realDonaldTrump #TrumpFamily #CorruptGOP when we can keep them safe with our #ThoughtsandPrayers
Then get back into the GD game, reclaim your Senate seat. Your actions were frat house boorish but did not warrant a resignation. Tell Gellibrand & her supporters to go to hell,stop sitting on your hands & again get involved. You’re a good man, excellent Senator.
We miss your voice, Al. I said from the beginning that the Dems shouldn't have driven you out.
We miss you, Al
You never should have resigned! #NRA / #GOP played the Dems for CHUMPS!... @SenFranken
You must come back!!

We want you back.
You owed it to the dead kids BEFORE  it happened.
Richard Painter wants you to run  for governor.
Please run for governor or senator again. The American people need you.
Run for Governor
Oh I wonder how @SenGillibrand is feeling after throwing you under the bus?  We know it was a smear campaign. Please come back!
Run for Governor!!!!
Please get back in the game. Run for something
Run for your Senate seat again.
Al, I’m a centrist from afar, and you have always been the intelligent voice of reason and insight.  Even my Utah neighbors like you.  We need you on the national stage more than ever.  Franken for prez, 2020!
Retirement IS NOT AN OPTION!!!
How come so many people who threw you under the bus have taken money from the NRA? If you don’t want your senate seat back, you should do something to salvage the MInnesota governor’s race. In times such as these retirement is not an option. https://twitter.com/SenFranken/status/915005399820009472 …
We miss you.
Please come back.
We still need you
Al. You are forgiven. Pls run for governor or get your damn senate seat back. It’s time to stand up and fight.
Run pls
Please don’t give up. You’re greater than being Roger Stone road Kill.
Come Back, @alfranken
Figure it out and come back!! We need you. Your country needs you! This is not the time to sit on the sidelines. Our democracy hangs on by a thread. Step up and let the voters decide!!
Something stinks in Las Vegas. Why don’t you call for a more in depth investigation of the shooting so the victim’s families can learn the truth before they decide what needs to be addressed?
You are missed sir!
Please run for office. Please come back.
Please come back Al
You should run for Senate or Governor.
I still support and love the Senator. He needs to run for POTUS. Just imagine the debates.
Miss you
Run for office, Al! Win your seat back! We need you!
Clear your name. If cleared. Run for something. We need you!
The abilities of a Senator to do anything about it is significantly greater than the abilities of someone who was a Senator but resigned the position.
Get your seat back, dammit!!  Fight!!  You were wronged.  Stand up and FIGHT!
According to the Gospel of NRA: “American children are the sacramental blood to the 2nd Amendment. Our love for guns is insatiable. Redemption in the form of daily childhood massacres is a price we gladly pay. We give our only begotten sons so that all can tote an AR-15. “
America is suffering from gun addiction. Like all addictions, the first step is admitting you have a problem. America isn't at that point.
I still stand with you & want you nack DE resident  now but former & forever a MN.
Run, Al, Run.
Get back in the game. You were thrown under the bus and we you back!
We miss u senator Franken. You are among the few good democrats.
Come back, we need you!
You should have never resigned. America needs you during this crisis!
Al l think he's right. I think you'd make a good governor. Al  "Ask that hands that feed the machines of Industry... Go ahead, ask them."
RUN AGAIN AL!
You were railroaded (doubtless, with much help from useful idiots and bots). Fight back
Thank you, sir.
Get back in.
Take your seat back
I am not from MN but I do hope you can stay involved in our nation’s life one way or another.  Your voice is very badly missed.
We need you back Al!
Miss you Al
Please come back Al!!!
Al, you are hardly washed up. Get your ass out there and help save our Republic
The inappropriate behavior Al Franken was guilty of, pales in comparison to the vile and disgusting behavior trump has been guilty of his entire life
Get back to work Mr Franken. The country needs people like you to stand up against the NRA and the lunatic fringe
Love you Al  franken  wish  you would've  not stepped down .im so proud of these kids in parkland they are our future and that makes me feel hopeful
Enforce laws already on books. Also, please pass HR36 & save babies. #FightForLiberty Ban abortion after 20 weeks. #DefundPlannedParentood.
Ho get em Al
We need to look into who was really behind this shooting because it's no doubt agenda driven!
Please explain in detail how gun control would have stopped this guy. Don't politicize this. Really how would it have stopped Paddock.
Pass the ban on abortions over 20 weeks
More people are killed from guns every year than late term abortion
Do something about it then Al.
Every week mass murder takes place in Chicago, yet the left doesn't cry gun control. Are citizens of Chicago not worth your same zeal?
Why weren't any of you saying this after the Tennessee church shooting, is it because a LEGAL gun owner stopped the attack? Agenda driven!
Las Vegas police release body-cam video of first responders https://youtu.be/Br3gFENUXHA  Viewer discretion is advised RT AND FOLLOW PLEASE
We owe it to ALL victims of gun violence. ALL.
Already turning politics from a tragedy, so unpatriotic, please move to Syria
EMB is a Russian Bot
What are you doing about it it Chicago with Rahm Emanuel?  Oh that's right. Nothing.
The optics on bringing this up after a tragedy, are not good.
Your funny. Just pass out muskets, that meets rda of 2nd amendment
You know what's funny? Imagining 150 America "militiamen" taking on two Apache helicopters and an A-10. There are no militiamen in the 21st century as there were in the 18th century, and there are no armies to face but have 18th century technology.
Everyones so paranoid
Lol, what a joke
And Columbine, Newtown, Orlando, Etc., Etc... Enough talking... Do something about it! Please!!!
Repubs have their standard http://statemnt.Now  is not a good time.Evidently thoughts & prayers r the answer 2 everything.ppl want action
It will never happen. I wish it would for my American friends. The GOP members are the biggest Whores of the NRA, open wide Paul Ryan.
Either there’s a change with gun laws or there will be a change in seats come 2018 & 2020 #GunControlNow #stopgunviolence
And this is why you should seriously consider running for President. Beautiful words spoken sincerely. Thank you. #AlFranken2020
I wish you were our president !
Amen, brother.
Guns are not violent.it was the squirrel brained democrat sympathetic to isalm& Antifa that committed this atrocity.u need to wake up!
Yeah sure
A voice of reason!
We owe it to the victims by not discussing gun control at this time.
Are we going to take away cars so drunk drivers dont kill people?
The GOP want to regulate a woman's vagina inside and out but having enough firearms to arm a battalion is just fine, this madness must stop.
Any law you make will be circumvented by criminals. There are too many guns to get rid of them all and no ones giving theirs up that I know
What about the person who is mentally ill and steals a gun? There’s no law you can put in place. Criminals still steal and everything else
That sounds nice but sans banning guns how do you stop it? A normal person that snaps is ill at that point but what about before that?
Maybe MLB, NFL, NBA and NCAA refuse to play any games until gun debate happens and is resolved? That would get national attention....
NRA needs to be stopped.  We need new gun laws like Australia!  Thank you for caring.
The @GOP and @realDonaldTrump should move forward a 15 round magazine size  limit. Cannot be removed without disassembly. #15roundsmax
#CallCongressDaily
Al Franke for President, 2020!
That’s no better than thoughts and prayers, because you’re part of an organization that’s bought, paid for and owned by the gun lobby.
Respectfully,”Addressing it”’isn’t enough! We need Brave, Take No Quarter Politicians who call out Republicans owned by the NRA as Murderers
There can be no other lie to the black families as one about racism is the cause for failure it's single  parent homes #followme #Trump #me
Al Franken I think at this time we should show some sympathy to the families of the victims not sow politics into this tragedy #followme
My thoughts:
We need:
“well regulated”
“well regulated”
“well regulated”
“well regulated”
“well regulated”
“well regu...
Have they asked Congress to address gun control? I would like to hear from them.
You are RIGHT SENATOR FRANKEN. However, we also need to reexamine our Mental Health System. Because it’s easy to label mass murder as EVIL
Pls stop announcing the score.  Ppl waiting to break the record.  Happens every time. 
Thank you for your amazing service!
Also 2set limits(real ones) on lobbyists & access of specl intrsts--across the board. 
NRA&gun mfgrs make gun law. Polluters set env. laws.
Thank you Al!
Thank you, Senator.  You're smart enough, you're good enough, & this TX @momsdemand member is a big fan.
The only problem...the republicans are owned by the NRA.
Yes please...
It's the 21st century. Guns belong in the movies and museums. End Of!
And every innocent person who lost their lives to gun violence.
Keep up the good fight senator.
I hope this doesn’t stir up any college or high school or even junior high kids to follow in paddocks footsteps
Be a leader. Do something about this. This is a basic life safety issue for Americans. Limit availability of guns. #GunControlNow
But I get a hard on seeing you can buy guns from walmart
Gun sales, surging today! Let´s put more guns on the street to protect ourselves from more guns on the street!!! #GunContolNow
Thank you
Let's do it
Senator,  maybe you should speak with Missouri's new governor? He won using gun violence as a platform.
If this was a fully automatic rifle it is hard to connect to the gun debate. Evidence shows it was a LEGALLY modified semi auto however.
Stand up to the NRA.  Citizens do not need assault rifles, silencers, and the loopholes in the gun laws.
So far this year 11 violent mass killings have plagued the world and not once has @SenAlFrank called for a ban on automobiles. #BanCars
Yes, we can start by eliminating your armed entourage! Don't worry, no one expects a reply on that from you. Keep hiding al.
What's the address for crazy?
Please bring forth an avalanche of bills and amendments starting now.
Gun violence, drug abuse, hatred, this country has alot 2 work on & it began long before President Trump I can attest 2 that I’m decades old

You aleeady owed this to Sandy Hook kids... years ago!!!
#LasVegasShooting https://twitter.com/KTHopkins/status/914963714243211264 …
1 person was murdered, not 59.  There wasn’t a cache of 23 weapons on the perpetrator. The weapons weren’t fully automatic.  Different act.

Owning weapons of mass destruction is considered a right, but #healthcare a privilege, by many @GOP Repub-puppets work for @NRA + rich fools
