@FBI @potus @WhiteHouse 

When you joined 
the @SenateDems ,
 you did not 
have contact form
 on http://Congress.gov  ?
so rude today on Senate floor. No class. #alfranken #libtard
Trump is a fraud and is using office for personal gain.
AND THE POOR DEPLORABLES DONT EVEN KNOW IT
SURPRISE!!
he is from a caste system.
hey al - stop the disappointment already and you may get re elected .
thank you so very much for your tireless opposition to the injustices being forced upon us by a fascist regime.
@rondafg @FCC Darling, this is the Presidency where the Earth, consumers & little guys take it up the ass 24/7/365.
@FBI @potus @WhiteHouse

YOU A TRAITOR + A PHONEY

Both Air America + @NBC SNL
were KGB Russian Jewish 
Spy Propaganda Orgs

Seriously. What are the @TheDemocrats doing about this dictator in office?! PLEASE! Offer us hope that this will end soon!
@FBI @Potus @WhiteHouse 

Tell us why you were
in Russian Bayonne NJ on 1/6/2006 harassing a
@Chase Bank VP
over the radio
@FBI
@POTUS  @whitehouse 

Are you not a KGB  RUSSIAN Jew
SLEEPER AGENT along with
Lorne Michaels + Paul Schaefer 
@nbcsnl
it's the "corporations are people" party
#draintheswamp
Don't try to show your intelligence, you have none. You suborned voter fraud to get elected. You're a pathetic embarrassment!
hope all of this makes people vote for non corporate democrats next time around. Please, don't vote for shills.
I am disappointed you keep wanting more money for doing nothing but talking over porridge!
well then have Hillary remove him? Oh wait
I hate to see how disrespectful republicans are to you and dEMs bec they have the power to talk this way
thankyou senator! We have your back sir!
your pathetic support of donors giving you money is your motivation
your blocking nominations is a waste of why we elected you stop playing games and get to work
that's going to be a recurring theme over the next 6 months until Trump is impeached.
@FBI @POTUS  @WhiteHouse 

YOU TRAITOR + A PHONEY

On Air America , you refused to talk calls f/ the audience

No Callers
IRRECONCILABLE DIFFERENCES!  NO REASONING WITH FUCKING DEPLORABLES!!!
TIME FOR BLUEXIT!  TOO MUCH OF THESE BULL SHITS!!!!
@RedWingss19 @FCC Well hold on tight, Senator. Disrupter in Chief has arrived. 
Thanks Al... you almost gave me goose bumps today..lol
you should be ashamed your siding with unions over children.  But you don't have the brains God gave geese so expected
Everyone of your supporters speaks as if they failed 3rd grade!  We know you did!
STAND STRONG. THANK YOU FOR ALL YOUR HARD ?s & work and Boycott sessions.
Only 3% of the Syrian Refugees are Christians. The rest are ISIS and you and the rest of the Crooks know it.Latina 4 Trump
U spoke of @POTUS' voter fraud accusations/ let's do a nationwide recount/c how many more votes he gets
also would someone please change Trump's diaper?
Grizzly DeVos cannot be confirmed.
You're disappointed? I imagine you know how we consumers feel. Fucked.
reminder: the airwaves/spectrum belong to the people and you administrate for the public interest
senator. I understand ur disappointment.I'm disappointed in ur representation of HC. Is distorted an optical on party lines
now under cover of night they vote to pollute waters dumping coal mining debris. What is going on in America?
that didnt take long.  But, nothing tRumps administration does would be "for the people".  The majority know that.
....disappointed but not surprised, right? This is so discouraging....
embarassed to admit you are my Senator from MN thank God for Trump! Fed up with failed comedians and slimy politicians.
it's about time
disappointed also,but not surprised.
But you're not surprised. Thanks for always fighting the good fight, for The People. #RESIST
Protect Net Neutrality NOW
Not really a shock. Bully tactic are prevailing. We will see this pendulum reach apex and start back toward sanity soon.TY
Al baby, go f... your....
Shameful Display 
No, you're just Mr Disappointment. I thought I was watching SNL.
Disappointed but not surprised
you're a lying  all talk no action. Unable to articulate accuracy and facts. FIRED
- no one cares what you think #AlFranken - #trumpewon
you were great today.
Please continue to stand up to this strong arming of our country.
No to the stolen judge seat
Fasten your seatbelts and stock your liquor cabinets; this is just the beginning.
Hardly shocked tho. More selling out of the American people for authoritarian agendas. #PresidentBannon loves it.
then u need to say hell no to the remaining appointees as they will do the same
disappointed but not surprised I'm sure
Our country is going to #fascist Hell while we all stand around and watch! @POTUS  is the cancer of America. @CNNSitRoom
the morons who voted for this and will be most effected still won't comprehend who's fault it is. They will blame obama
I'M DISAPPOINTED with your voting record on trump nominees thus far
not surprised in the least.
It's just more rich people taking advantage of regular Americans. No surprise with this administration.
I'm sorry, Senator, but words like "disappointed" just don't cut it anymore. It sounds weak, which I know you are not.
that's the wave of the future Al.  Working class know that and have been preparing for it, while Trumpsters wait to get rich.
Thats great. Maybe, just maybe, had @HillaryClinton not cheated @BernieSanders out of the nomination.. U wouldnt have 2 b
@SenStabenow @govsnyderIPE  This is bs. The FCC has no intention of making cable affordable 4 Americans, they want profits
@realDonaldTrump @HouseGOP GOP SAYS they are helping American people but so far what it DOES has been hurting American people
are we great yet?
We might have a chance if @POTUS  is impeached! #impeachtrump @CNNPolitics  @SenSanders @SenatorDurbin
I don't know how you can look at, and listen to, Ted Cruz without going insane. He has a punchable face. U know I'm right.
I'd pay ANY amount to see you debate with Ted Cruz!!!! That would be worse than Custer and the Indians! FYI..you're Custer!
Republicans are the scourge of the earth. They are worthless two-faced humans. I.E: Merrick Garland. Bunch of dicks.
There was never a doubt that Pai was going to do anything but side with corps, he's repeatedly said he does for years.
Thank you, Sen Franken for being such a clear, intelligent, and just voice of reason for the American people.
we need more than just his voice.
True. Much more. Many more.
u misunderstand. looking 4 less talk & more action from Sen Franken whose righteous indignation doesnt match votes on nominees
Ahh, okay. I see. I thought that's maybe what you meant, but wasn't certain. And, yes, I agree, less talk, more REAL action.
But probably not surprised due to the dearth of democratic values (and personal morals) in play in the new regime.
Consumers need to be protected by greedy unscrupulous corporations.
more of the DEMs and lost seats in 2018 Obama said elections Have the Reid Option now Schumer Screwed the DEMs
#AlFranken2020

this is what the new regime wants. Please urge impeachment. More than enough proof of mental instability.
GET HIM SENATOR! No quarter.
Corporations are not people, and need to be well regulated to keep them honest.
Please run for office #franken2020
hardly a surprise.  The GOP cannot grasp the importance of demand in supply and demand.
