SHE IS A HIGHLY UNQUALIFIED DIVA THAT DOESN'T HAVE OUR CHILDREN'S BEST INTEREST ON HER AGENDA. DOES ANYONE HAVE A CLUE WHAT THE AGENDA IS?
Since you asked - Betsy's a member of CNP & this is their agenda.  It's pretty frightening. Please read & retweet.
Oops.  Posted the wrong article.  Meant to post this scary thing
http://files.rightwingwatch.org/uploads/CNP-Education-agenda.pdf …
anyone on Twitter who's solely focused on betsy? I know Dan Rather is.  What she's doing is not getting enough attention in the news 
Not that I'm aware of.  @RealTimBlack did a show on her tonight, but he covers multiple topics
Where can I catch his show?
Why did she do this?  What the rational given
She's an idiot
Thanks for clearing that up for me.
Isn't that why we study history?
DeVos did that because they need revamped. The guidelines presumed guilty before being proved innocent.
No she did it because she's a Calvinist and she is told to believe men can do whatever they please with a lowly woman.
Dream on. So an angry woman can destroy a man's life with no proof? That sounds right to you?
Angry woman huh? Ok, if you say so.
Apparently, the new president meant make America great again -- for sexual predators, heterosexual white people & destructive big business.
As a heterosexual white male, I can tell you he's failed at that, too.
Obama rules created kangaroo courts and left the accused without rights. The idea of responding to sexual assault was good but wrong method
Let's keep young men safe from rampant false accusations
That’s why they should add wording that requires you to stay away from all college campuses
Too many Rich alumni have stopped writing big donor checks since Biff, Chase,Hunter can't have good ole fashion oat sewing whoppie as easily
Gross, Rollo -- true, but gross.
If you are still doing college tours I agree! We need all the protection we can get wherever you go for your “hugs” & “photo ops”
One way to make campuses more safe is by making sure that you're not allowed on any campus you perpetrator of sexual assault on women. #RemoveFranken #SexualAssualt #Perpetrator
With all this crap going on it's hard to give it good backlash...she's a lunatic..I swear top admin shld go thru a mental test..she's nuts
omg! 
But C17’s no worries right?
Ha guess you would be an expert. #Resign
Well ...
"Missoula   Rape in a college town" read it. It's not just about college campuses bud. Corrupt police, legal est. and boosters. Not so easy.
Common Sense 101
Common sense 101: Report a sexual assault to the police, not your 20 year old resident advisor.
Why are you not going there to crab a breast
Frankenstein - U r deeply troubling. Let's use common sense & not fake SJ issues. #Fairness4Both #VoteFrankenOUTMN
Then why aren't you guys putting a stop to all of the antifa violence?
Al. Using the present college system you would be fired and sitting in a jail cell right now.
Why are my tax dollars still paying your salary?
Campus needs to be safe from people like Gropin' Al Franken before more women get his disgusting tongue shoved in their mouths
Stop harrassment even if our prez condones grabbing females!
Words from a pervert? No thanks!!
How are you still in the Senate? #groper #sexualassult

Seriously, banning you from campuses pretty much accomplished that.
I guess women can use those guns to fight back since she wants guns on campuses
Hope my University will disregard and continue to protect all assault victims.
Trump didn't give DeVos his Loyalty Test. Gave her The Heartless Test. She passed w/flying colors like pals Jeff Sessions and Scotty Pruitt.
And you passed the clueless test
why can't we get rid of this whole cancerous administration already? They are destroying us. WHEN is someone going to do something?
The Koch brothers won't be satisfied until they've made America's children stupid and useless.Bunch of jerks
America used to be the standard bearer for human rights, protecting the environment, & democracy.  Since 1.20.17, we have become the joke.
Sorry, but we haven't been the standard bearer on environment in a long time. And as far as human rights we haven't been doing too well.
The let a real legal system prosecute the accused with full due process!
DeVos is a clueless, heartless, slug.
Due process is bad, right Stuart Smalley?
Maybe she's worried that too many rapists are being prosecuted?
If you want to make campuses safer for everyone, start punishing those that make false allegations.
But no trouble with TRUE election fraud and unconstitutional rule. SMH. Typical.
We can make campuses safe WITHOUT undercutting the Constitution. INNOCENT UNTIL PROVEN GUILTY by a JURY OF PEERS.
That's what happens to money hungry whores that don't get their way & use the sexual harassment allegations to ruin lives
My college daughters both spent part of their orientation discussing how to avoid being a campus assault victim.  Massive problem.
I'm curious how much time is spent teaching young men how to avoid victimizing others.
Al, sometimes I still can't see you as a US Senator. Not after SNL.
WHY would DeVos take this action? WHYYYY? Makes NO sense DeVos!!!!!!! SHAME ON YOU !!!!
Ashamed that @BetsyDeVos is from Michigan
Stop the madness going on with our agencies
Why are they doing this?
Are you against having the accused and the accuser having a fair hearing?
I'm deeply troubled by @BetsyDeVosED
Shouldn't they be safe for young men too?  Safe from false accusations and kangaroo courts?
What? I'm glad you're troubled and I'm glad you're a member of the Senate.
Stop dealing with "the campus". Call the police to report the crimes. Colleges will simply cover it up.
She is a troubled wannabe and needs longterm psychiatric care and prison time.
Can we rid ourselves of all Trumps horrid cabinet picks, after he & Pence get impeached?

Thank you and YES.
We agree......you are deeply troubled.
On what basis do you conclude that campuses are unsafe? We all know the "1-in-5" stat is bullshit, so, got any meaningful data?
when those "guidelines" end up with colleges being massively sued and *losing* it shows the guidelines are wrong.
that's what she's doing, making campuses safe for assault victims and false accusations victims.
So how does providing students due process make campuses less safe senator? #mensrights are #HumanRights
She is an idiot, just like her want-to-be mercenary brother.
I deeply troubled by this
She is so awful.
Deeply troubled that your in office #Maga
She is unqualified
What is deeply troubling is the lack of progress on the matter.  If existing policy hasn't reduced the concern, then it must be revised
I listened to BDV's talk, but I could not understand why bringing sexual history is relevant when the motivator is "power over" BDV is lost!
Bring that bitch before congress!
She's going to walk campus's at time of risk maybe she has a fantasy no common sense
Sorry Al but it had Obama's fingerprints on it so it had to go.  Erasing his entire presidency is 45's ultimate goal #2018 #2020 #alfranken
He will never erase that President Obama was named one of the twelve best presidents ever elected! Trump never will have that!
She'll change rules when men get sexual assaulted while passed out
@JoeConason @BetsyDeVosED privatization
Arm students.
She is ensuring the protection of the #Constitution for those accused.
You remember reading about the #Constitution, right?
Another example of a trump appointee not knowing their job.
You suck @BetsyDeVosED! Way to protect the abusers!
I'm deeply troubled that you are actually a senator
We are graduating kids who read at a 4th grade level and can't do basic math. Disgraceful priorities, i.e. undoing Black president legacy.
To be fair, though, secret courts and guilty before proven innocent aren't the answer either.  Better guidelines would be preferred imho
What's her deal?
She's just one more unqualified Trump appointees whose goal is Bannon's "deconstruction of the state "
It's twisted and sick what she is doing.
What is wrong with her?  Is she Satan's mother?
We need @BestyDeVos gone..
This keeps inline with the "very fine people on all sides" theory of violence and oppression.
That's why you "investigate" the accusation. If it was your daughter or son who was abused sexually, you'd cry  why no investigation?
Betsy DeVos is not quite civilized and really does not understand such things.  Hope no trump no her!
She is just trying to make it safe for her rapist brother.
They are safer now --- safe for young while males who want to rape women without fear of going to prison. Safe for women? Not so much
But the 2%!
betsy devos is a traitor to her own sex!
Agreed. Its disgusting but not surprising given Trumps "grab them by" mentality. I pray 4 my daughter's future, now more dangerous by BD.
I'm quite happy for @BetsyDeVosED Presumption of innocence, right of counsel, right to a neutral judge *were* proud democrat traditions once
We need to get rid of DeVos & the rest of the garbage
Yeah, they want to take away a woman's right to decide who goes to jail no questions asked! What's next, women can't kill men either!!??
Do something Al.... NOW!!!!!!
She is unqualified and needs to go. Get her out before she causes even more trouble
Even more troubled that a Senator as smart as @SenFranken would stoop to this kind of baseless fear-mongering. He knows better.
They are determined to destroy our country. Take away any opportunity to advance oneself. Ensure the ignorance of the masses. #UNEducation
Troubled but not surprised by another Trump rich ultra elite #resistthetrumps
She's got 45 in her ear. We all know how he feels abt woman. He relates to the rapist. He is a rapist. What a mess this team is making.
DeVos is a disgrace to all women. When a female says NO she means NO. Protecting boys who can't take NO for an answer is protecting rapists.
This admin gets off on undoing shit 4 no good reason. Like what does this accomplish? They're part of ALL the probs none of the SOLUTIONS!
We also need to stop the use of solo investigators and kangaroo courts!
As a rape survivor... I find her entire thought process on this ignorant and insulting. What possible good could come from it?
These people! Right?! What the eff is wrong with them?
Some actions deserve strong condemnation. This is definitely one. She is unqualified & a disgrace.
@maryhilliard45 @BetsyDeVosED So are the Majority ofppl! Where do we go from here Senator?
Franken...UR & always will be an SNL writer to me. UR unqualified to hold UR position. Speaks volumes about the people who voted U in. Hack.
You should be happy every university doesn't hold kangaroo courts anymore and now there will be due process #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
As a woman, I don't know how she can do this.  There is a special place in hell for women who don't support other women.(Madelaine Albright)
Begging you to PLEASE run for president in 2020!! PLEASE!!
More safe = safer?   :)
What can be done about this?
Making America safe for white men again? Sickening
Stephen Miller worked with AG Sessions, Stephen attended Duke defended Duke Lacrosse players       in rape case 
I'm deeply troubled that you aren't more outraged.  "Deeply troubled" sounds almost like "meh."  I know you're not "meh" about this.
I agree Sen F.  This woman should not be where she is!

She is a know nothing rich bitch
We need to impeach Donald and all of his bought administration SHAME on GOP
Can we put the guidelines back in MN?  I have a daughter at the U and would like to see her and her friends protected.
Exactly - what is wrong with her???? Jesus the most despicable female I have ever encountered ! Protected ugly princess does not get it!
Yes, but she seems to be in favour of rape.
Right on, Al!
As a survivor, DeVos' decision angers & troubles me. We have a hard enough time coming forward already because of shame & blame. #Enough
Oh Al we are looking to you for a brighter future !!!  And s little bit of humor on the side.  Please
Deeply troubled is a step. What will you DO about it?
Rapists love Betsy!
campus directors can establish their own guidelines ffs...why r they so helplessly dependent on the gov 2 do this?
What is your issue w/ due process in Title IX cases, Senator? On this topic, see ABA (working group), ACTL (white paper) and @AAUP (report).
Ms. DeVos was not fit for this job in the first place!
ALL SHE IS DOING IS TRYING TO SAVE COLLEGES FROM HAVING TO PAY OUT!! MONEY, MONEY, MONEY!! CORPORATE GREED!!!
He is deeply troubled but it's self inflicted!
Let the perverts all enroll in higher education
Well, I guess we might do that by throwing away due process rights. Should we start doing that in hospitals as well, make them safer?
Because she does not give a rats ass what happens outside of her bank account! Beeeotch
Thank you Senator Franken.
Disgusting.  How can anyone justify this?
Duh.
I'm pretty sure robbing men of due process has little to do with safety. Al, read up on the issue instead of tweeting based on "feels".
I absolutely agree!
Violating due process doesn't make a campus safer, it victimizes those falsely accused.
How is she even allowed to do this?!
She is obviously not watching to recall of judge in CA being recalled for lack of sentencing to rapers
Smh....
I'm glad somebody was paying attention.
Betsy doesn't care about students. Or teachers.
What is she thinking!
Only 'deeply troubled'? Wow. Do you have daughters?
I am deeply troubled with everyone of her & @realDonaldTrump educational reforms
I mean I'm for increasing safety but title IX is an absolute joke
I think we need to reevaluate how we deal with all sex assaults. On, or off campus.
What does she care her grandkids goes to private schools? She is doing what DT is doing trying to erase Obama's legacy.
You Betcha Yah senator Franken!
Could end that tweet before "decision" & would still be appropriate.
She wants to make campuses safer...for the tiki torch bearers.
What the hell is wrong with Betsy Devorced from reality?#immoralmajority
Someone should ask these "conservatives" why they are so worried about the rights of people accused of sexual assault and not the victims
My God! What the hell is going on in this country? I think Satan is on earth.
You are troubled by any non leftist.
I'm not surprised to see Democrats against Due Process.  The Constitution never is popular with them.
Trump is behind this, his administration, his jealousy, his mess. @BetsyDeVosED is a puppet. @realDonaldTrump pulling all the strings.
So far every single thing she has done has been the opposite of what logic and good intentions would dictate!  She is trying to destroy our
educational system!  Stupid uneducated people are easier to screw over!

As the parent of a young Transman, I get more frightened of what these fn' idiots are going to do next to OUR COUNTRY
EVERY DAY IS BACKWARD DAY IN TEATURD LAND...I SWEAR...
Safe for who?  Innocent men falsely accused and convicted in Star Chambers?
Deeply troubled by @BetsyDeVosED’s decision to undo guidelines on campus sexual assault. We need to make campuses more safe, not less.
That old seahag is just hoping she will get attacked.  She will be hanging out at a campus near you soon!
These are the women that undermine women so they can feel more like men. DEVos is evil and unconscionable.
Betsy Prince -Devos is a Handmaidens Enemy A Woman who Sides With Rapist & Sexual Predator. ..Makes Sense She Would Work for TRUMP
Know who could help you with that? Another Democrat in the Senate. & that could be #DougJonesforSenate. Plz follow & support @GDouglasJones
This entire administration is a fu*king horror movie I cannot turn off. I am watching the destruction of America in super slo-mo.
Devis is an idiot but most Dems knew that
What about making it safe for my son & all our sons, the war on college men has begun. For moms w/sons in college. Be afraid, u may be next
Good Lord, the shit you guys are having to put up with, come to Canada, we're not batshit crazy up here, at least not yet #JustinTrudeau 
This will make campuses safer for rapists, not for their victims. Going in the wrong direction.
