Keep up the good work!  Thank you!
Thank you!!
Agreed. If it was such a great plan, why did they exempt themselves from it?
You're fantastic.  Minnesotans are so lucky, and, the nation needs you to step up to be a leader for us nationwide.
Love listening to your truth when speaking. We need more Senators and Americans like you. Help get this Trump character impeached. ASAP!!!!
Is it a congenital disorder a pre-existing condition when it isn't known until diagnosis?  (Some syndromes aren't apparent for years).
Yes, they are considered pre-existing.  Any illness that predates the term of insurance is.
That also can't work. Claims must be sub w/in cert time. If ur unaware of a pre-ex cond, then diag, the current plan shd cover it -> Autism
That’s exactly right, which is the issue with pre-existing conditions not being covered, or allowing states to opt out.
Franken 20/20.
yes please
When is the march?
Thank you @SenFranken
Al, the GOP loudly and proudly attacked American women today. We must resist with all we have.
#MakeAmericaGagAgain we must hold the #GreedyOldParty accountable in #2018 #indivisible #resist 
Thank you, senator.
Rallies do nothing when your dealing with evil. The GOP needs to be completely destroyed. enough marching we need action.
keep fighting Al -we need you!
What happens now in the Senate? I'd appreciate not dying because I can't afford insurance due to Pheochromocytoma.
Why don't you go back to doing your lame bits on SNL. You have more value there
This whole time I never heard you offer any solutions to failing Obamacare. I have a pre-existing condition...not concerned.
Thx Al history will not be kind to those that support #Trump #Repeal the depth of cruelty & callous disregard 4 less fortunate is stunning!
Thank you!
Where are you Prez Obama? The patients have taken over the asylum. Or shd it b patient. Trump now a Christian preacher. RelaxDT.Not over yet
I wish I was there!!! #FRANKEN2020
The GOP is the meanest group of greedy individuals to ever hit the planet. #FIRETHEGOP
I'm already there with the others @MoveOn
Thank you!
There's also essential services, lifetime limits, so don't fixate on PEC alone. It's abt the $300B in Medicaid Exec & Congress will raid
I love my Senator! Thank you @SenFranken!
Thank you for all you do to protect freedom and democracy!  Great questions yesterday - keep up the good work and keep fighting!
Thank you!
What are we gonna do, Al?
don't forget what hell it will be on special education and long term care for frail elders and people with disabilities.
thank you sir
Sen. Franken, God bless you! Your countrymen are extremely grateful for your justice & hard work. On behalf of Lady Liberty we commend you!
Statements like this prove you don't understand how insurance works.
Thank you for continuing to fight for people like me, seniors who stand to lose healthcare under the AHCA. #votenoonahca
YES!!!
Thank you. You really are good enough!
MN premiums increased 40%. Why don't you care?
Oh, this is going to be a comedy hour.
Kick their Republican asses Al!
Good for you; you're powerful enough to be heard. We, the normal constituents are just ignored.
Where can this proposal be found?!?
It feels like a train wreck is about to happen. thank You Al for standing up to the insanity...again...and again...and again!
IMPEACH ILLEGITIMATE THIEVE , PENCE ADMINISTRATION RYAN MCCONNELL RUBIO CHAFFETZ ALL REPUBLICANS IN PRISON TRAITORS
This is legit. Just sent letters to reps
Text resist to 50409. You can reach all your reps at once. Fact checked my local people. Legit and super easy. 29 faxes sent. #resist
Appropriate rally - Move ON.  Applies to your tenure as a senator.  Move on!
Try getting more republicans to vote no!
THANK YOU!!!
You're a good man @SenFranken
Thanks, my senator!!! Wish I could join you, but you know ... working here in MN.
Al, that is not true. You're spreading a false narrative.
Thank you, Al.
Thank you. 
Wish my senator represented my point of view as well as you do.  
Appreciate your work & grateful to have a horse in the race.
Senator Franken, I want 2 commend u 4 ur showing force on the hearings yesterday. In my opinion, the whole DNC needs 2 b more agressive
I'll second that motion. If the DNC quashes Progressives and rejects Independents, the Democratic Party is just as doomed as the other.
Yes! It's time 2 rework the @DNC mindset of being polite & playing fair. Nothing is normal about this time and they need to respd with force
Thank you Senator Franken!  I am so proud of the way my MN senators #fightforjustice !  God be with you today and always. #KilltheBill
Thank you! #Resistance #AvalancheOfResistance #VoteNo  @SenPaulRyan, this is on you! Shame. 
Thank You Senator! 
Thank you from MN!!! Please encourage other members of congress to oppose this dangerous and irresponsible bill!
Isn't forcing the majority of Americans to pay for a service when they need grocery money for their kids a lot more unacceptable? THINK, AL.
We had a 'move on' rally last year, when we MOVED ON from the obama disaster. WE WON, SUCK IT UP BUTTERCUP.
Fake news, Al?
@SenateDems @MoveOn - please go back to La - La LA FRANKEN !
Taking the day off, on my way!
Can you please have a chat with your MN colleague @RepErikPaulsen? He is supporting this bill that will be devastating to the people of MN!
Senator, please offer a democratic solution instead of more partisan bickering.
Thank-you Senator Franken!
Keep up the great work, Senator. We appreciate you!
Thank you! And all who will march on the Capitol. We are marching in solidarity here in  IL at @PeterRoskam @RepHultgren @RepBost offices
Great to be able to depend on Al Franken
@SenateDems @MoveOn your not good enough. Not smart enough. And no one likes u
Thank YOU!
Thank you!! Terrible legislation for our country!
GOP besides attacking health care their going after everything that affects all of us, schools, air, freedom, etc. & will run up huge debts
Yes! Go for it, Senator!
Thank you for all you do Senator !!
Thank you!  
GOP plan also includes provisions for stripping catastrophic caps from employer provided plans -
I agree!
Still lying to the people al
Keep fighting Senator! Thank you!
Franken for President 2020!
Thank you @SenFranken!
Thank you all!
Thank you, Sen Franken, for being there for all Minnesotans!  I wish I was there with you, but know that I am in spirit.  Keep fighting!
Thank you Al! Please be our next president.  I love Minnesota nice People!
The US's fallen foul of a cabal of individuals hell-bent on pursuing the destruction of American society and the annihilation of its people.
Thank you
Thank you !!!
#Franken2020
4% of the US population have preexisting conditions. It's called insurance, not assurance. Covering preeexisting conditions messes it all up
I really hope you don't have a baby with a congenital birth defect.
sir, I work with the elderly, am a caregiver. This will destroy my precious people I take care of! One is a 94 yo lady, they will kill her!
The GOP are the Grim Reaper Millions will die! Blood on their hands! They have no souls! COLD, HEARTLESS, CALCULATED
Thank you! My preexisting condition has me bed ridden for the past 4.5 yrs. I appreciate your work. 
Last I read in the bill, it included preexisting conditions
Thank you. BTW, great questions to the FBI Dir yesterday
Thank you!
