And there's a great back story to how it got named SPAM.
Do tell!
Stick w/ me as this is from an old history of Hormel book I read in the mid 80s. I believe they had to change name because it didn't have
Enough "shoulder pork." Company had a contest & I think a Hollywood actor won it. He came up with SPAM which was from "spiced pork & ham."
But that's a cloudy memory that should be validated. On another note... did u know George Burns & Gracie Allen were once the SPAM/Hormel
Spokespeople? My mother-in-law was once a "Hormel Girl." Original company newsletter was "The Squeal"; only part of the  going to waste.
I grew up in New Orleans and SPAM was always in the pantry during Hurricane season. Love the back story!
Born and raised in Austin. Live in TC metro now. Dad was Hormel DC Mgr until '83, father-in-law ran the SPAM machine until retirement in 80s
And continues to feed Hawaiians to this day!
Happy Birthday, SPAM! We love you so much, our newly adopted dog is lovingly named Spam Musubi.

Don't they actually have a SPAM museum?
Yes, on Main St in Austin, MN. If you make it don't forget to stop into Rydjor Bike Shop as they have a bike museum of sorts. Worth seeing.
.@SenFranken SPAM may be made in Minnesota, but it's first in Hawaii (and @SenSchumer's) hearts. Happy 80th Birthday, SPAM!
Sen. Frankenstein. You are amazing and would make an AMAZING POTUS!!
Senator Franken  beware of spell check

It fed my 6 brothers and sister and I also. Spam saved lives ... Lol
And the British population
Toured Hormel circa '87. They cook SPAM in the can, 10000 cans @ a time. A site 2 c. Comes out as what is affectionately called "oatmeal."
It was a staple in our home. We were very very poor and it fed us for littke money. Still like it today, it saved us fr hunger.
And if you've never tried #Spam, Fry up a slice for breakfast. It's actually better than you think it is.
You could get a lot done with a belly full of fried Spam, eggs and potatoes topped with generous dollops of homemade rhubarb relish.
For some reason, I thought this said "Happy 800th birthday to Methuselah..."
Grew up eating Spam, plain or fried - no shame. For a poor family, it was versatile enough to use in many dishes & prepared in various ways.
Also a time saver for incredibly demanding farm life. A welcome break for a mother scratch cooking on a wood stove with no running water.
Do you eat it @SenFranken ?
I  LOVE SPAM!! SPAM&EGGS, FRIED SPAM SANDWICHES, CHORIZO SPAM, JALAPEÑO SPAM, SPAM W/GRITS, GRILLED SPAM, SMOKED SPAM! YUM, YUM!
Thank you so much! 
Spacial People Austin Minnesota.
S.           P.           A.         M
We love ya, SPAM! Been using you as a stash box for 80 years! #LegalizeIt #SpamIs80 #SpamSpamSpam
My friend Mavis was married during WWII in England. Thrilled to have Spam on her honeymoon!
Love Spam still.
they sure didn't have this version during WWII
I'm craving for a Spam sandwich or a spamwich right now!
And a favorite in Hawaii 
And more than a few of us post war babies!
Austin, MN is also the birthplace of the #GearDaddies!
If you have to ask:
spam is always good to eat.
And the Soviets! They loved it.
good to see u on stage (DEADCO), now can you get rid of the money grabbing democrats
Indeed. Who knew that so many unwanted pig parts could nourish so many?
In Anchorage we used to have a bar that served SPAM appetizers and the band was called the Spamtones.
Also fed me in the 1970s
Lmao. Thought u were talking about unsolicited messages not the scrapple like product!! What a dufus I am and how times have changed!!
Nice tribute from our way cool Minnesota senator!
Nice Trivia
I'm having some Spam tonight. Fried with sauerkraut and mustard.
Hawaii still loves SPAM!
Either love it or hate it. I'm in the hate category. Spam and bottled water for Xmas gifts 1999. (Y2K, end of world)
Was lunch on many days! Happy Birthday!
My dad cooked only 2 things on the rare occasions he made dinner. One of them was baked spam with a sweet glaze and cloves stuck in it.
So popular during the Korean war that South Korea now eats 3X as much spam per capita than the USA!
And my family when kid! One of few things my beloved Mother knew how to cook! 
I'm always happy to stop and pick up a sack full of Spam sammiches from Jollibee...
And a great song by Monty Python!!
Don't forget to visit the Spam museum!


We might need SPAM when Trump starts WWlll.
Its gross, but I'm  still proud!
And me, as a kid of a single mom when I was little. @SPAMbrand on white bread with Miracle Whip.
This makes me think of the SPAM LAMB episode on M*A*S*H* @CBS... Does anyone remember that? Such a great episode!
I still love.Spam.

Um . . . well O.K. . . . I guess?
God Bless fried spam on toast with mayo lettuce and tomato!
THE "Giant of the Senate!" 
Lots of younger people will think you're talking about junk email.
Ate it as a kid.
Philadelphia's Scrapple joins in the applause.
SPAM brings back childhood camping memories. My mom would slice and fry it with potatoes in a cast iron skillet over the fire pit.
Reading your book. Thank God for humor in service to our country!
Wow! Thanks for the historical tidbit 
And many more Hawaiians to this very day!
I'm from MN & didn't know it was the Spam state. Excellent!
Senator, I'd be more than happy to contribute whatever I can (Not much, but I'd give what I can!) to ur presidential campaign. Take no sh**!
Monty python is blowing out candles
Gotta love Spam. I think Hawaii & Guam would sink beneath the seas if there was no Spam.
And a delicious little piece of meat( I think) it is!
My wife's WWII vet grandpa would never eat another chip(?) of SPAM because of it! My wife loves it though.
Some parts are meat. It seams the state of Hawaii keeps them in business.
Fried spam, at Summer Camp.
I ate Spam as a kid and vowed I would never eat it when I grew up. I have held firm. Lol. It's a love / hate kind of thing.
Love me some SPAM. I'll wager it's a helluva' lot better than Trump Steaks.
SPAM is PEOPLE
And lucky for us, if you happen to still have one of those original tins, the SPAM inside is still good! #NuclearWinter #CockroachesAndSpam
Honest question here... Is it good? Like for real?
Made a big revival thanks to Monty Python..Happy birthday Spam. You are great in fried rice!
My husband loves spam! Vietnam vet! With no taste..lol.
And feeds breakfast eaters in Hawaii to this day.
And their kids ate it after the war. 
And most of Hawaii
A brand that never deserved Monty Python coining the term "spamming" & Gary Thuerk sending the first "spam" in 1978 on ARPANET

#PhilandoCastille doesn't get any more birthdays because your MN cops murdered him. What about that? Spam? Really??
Get a life
I love you Al. Please be president.

Love love love SPAM
Have you ever seen how many flavors there are of SPAM? It truly is so great, marketing genius. SAD when Soylent Green SPAM hits market.
Now that's a tweet you don't see everyday.
Learned something-started helping Military 1898!
Hormel history of supporting military veterans dates back to 1898
But, I don't like Spam!!!
My god but you have the most interesting life. Seriously.
The military suffers much to defend us
I just had what amounts to Spam sushi the other day. It was DELICIOUS and I forgot that I think I kinda like Spam.
Only 80? They must have had a different name for it before that.
It's sad but I am is more expensive for me to buy
@jasonmatheson  did a cooking segment on SPAM, last week on his  TV show , u should watch, "Making Spam Great Again!" I think they succeeded
Spam is what my dad fixed for dinner when mom went to bingo Thanks Minnesota!
So very true and fed many of us @StateDept families while overseas in the 70's
My wife makes fried rice with diced up spam and always fries 4-5 separate slices of Spam, simple meal and I love it!
Yuck! My dad so loved a fried Spam sandwich. Of course he was born in 1924
We love it in Hawaii
Thanks, Senator. Hormel is a great Minnesota company, as well.
Did u know they serve spam & rice at Mc D in Hawaii ?  Pretty tasty, Senator.
My dad, a WWII Marine vet loved Spam!
My father hated Spam because they ate it so much in the army in WWII. My mother loved it. Agreement was, she ate it & didn't offer it to him
Mmmm! Processed animal left-overs, with preservatives that allow it to last for years. Must be good for you.
As if the war itself wasn't enough to cause high blood pressure. Throw in some SPAM and readings begin to go through the roof. Happy B-Day.
And still feeds the entire population of the Pacific Islands. (With a little rice maybe? And possibly some pineapple for Zoidberg?)
Thanks Minnesota! We love Spam here. Aloha! 
Aaah, nothing better than a good Spam musubi with some wasabi! 
Not if you were a soldier in WWII.
And the source of many good Monty Python jokes.
Spam spam spam spam spam
Fried spam (sliced thin) is crave worthy with fried eggs and toast. Those were the old days before I turned vegetarian.
For a different perspective ask a Hawaiian about SPAM. For many it was the only meat that they knew growing up.
Mmmmmm...fried Spam sammiches!
Bacon flavored SPAM! It's like a big ol' lovely salt lick. Goes great in my Mac and Cheese, though the wife and son disagree.
During my childhood it was a staple of our house because Dad ate so much of it overseas that he came to love the stuff.
My husband loves Spam.
And some of the original cans are still on the shelves at Piggly Wiggly.
and remains a staple in Hawaii, just in case you need a location for a CO-Del trip.
I love the way you tear people up when they're under oath. I think your cool and wish you'd run for pres.
We love SPAM here in Hawaii, come to the annual Waikiki SPAM Jam next spring! (Real thing!)
So we have your place to blame for fake ham.
I never knew anyone who ate it until I moved to Hawaii!

Lol
Spam, Spam, Spam, Spam, Spammity Spam, Wonderful Spam.
I hear some people actually like the taste! They go crazy for it in Hawaii! No kidding.
My blood is 25 percent SPAM.
