Our enemies do not need to know any more details about our plans. Would you show your cards in a game of poker with your life on the line?
TRUMP has no plan except to make TRUMP more $$!!
Crooked politicians are trying to take everybody's money and build their own wealth off of your back. Trump went and did it on his own.
That is ALL LIES. 340 mil from his father, he lost some from.mismanagement, we taxpayers bailed him out by 2 BILLION, Russians struck deal
Wrong again
DC hotel was funded by who? Deutsche Bank fined for laundering 6 B of Russian money.   Slater? Russian. Facts matter. TRUMP is Putin's
Will Trump EVER say the right thing for you?  I'll wait.
Are you kidding me? We need to know the specifics??? I sure don't and the enemies sure don't! THATS why the POTUS is so successful!
Karen you're absolutely right they don't need to know anything. It's time that we start living in peace again
This was nothing but a pivot. Worse, his "killing terrorists" rhetoric dehumanizes the innocent civilians (children) killed under Trump.
What was your position on Afghanistan over the previous eight years?
I do not proclaim to know "best" strategy in NO WIN situation. But this is exactly what I see too.
It was Obama's policy with criticism of Obama and a pledge to stay in Afghanistan longer in pursuit of objectives that won't be achieved https://twitter.com/acosta/status/899805525759668228 …
I'll agree on one aspect.....it is a "no win" situation.
There is nothing Trump said to show he is doing anything different or unique than his predecessors. Or that he even knows why that is.
Except of course taking mineral wealth as way to defray costS? Is he looking to make money?
Always. And taxpayers won't get a dime.
Nope. I'm good. I'd ratherthe government just win the war.
Governments don't win Wars they just start them
You deserve NOTHING. We the people voted and we ask our President to share Nothing with any of you. You don't get 2 debate him. He's UR BOSS
No, TRUMP still works for Putin
Not one scrap of evidence BUT Hillary sure did. Evidence @ charges forthcoming. I hope I am wrong though.
Here's TRUMP with his band of Natsizzs
you say that now but where were you on obama. I thought Trump gave a brilliant speech
Specifics are a big part of the mess Obama created moron.
And his ties with the Muslim Brother hood.
Obama? He has no ties to the Muslim Brotherhood, you insane woman and evil mother! Go take your meds! @chazz2009 @Patriot_in_CA @timkaine
You are weak, weak, weak.
Sure while you're at it let's go ahead and send a message to all the enemies ,exactly when we'll be there and when they'll strike! Genius !
Sounds like an excuse to stall the correct action, again.
What are US goals & objectives in #Afghanistan? #notmypresident has only described an open-ended process of endless war. Towards what end?
Yea, lets tell them our plans?!?!?  Reminds me of being deployed and the news reported our ship being rerouted before the CO and Crew knew?!
Agreed. The American public also deserves more than this incompetent @POTUS #25thAmendment NOW should be #bipartisan.
Americans are pretty happy!Stock market on Moon, 1million jobs back, 2.6%GNP,  un/E lowest in 16yrs debt down 1 billion $$ yep TY Pres Trump
Tim you lost sit back and watch!
#LOSER
Shouldn't we also have a proper State Dept in place first? We're relying on Congress to stop this insanity.
American deserves a fit POTUS who's not irrational, emotionally disturbed & unfit.  Do something NOW to rid this nation of this disaster.
Sure let's tell the world how we intend to go kill the terrorists, perhaps you should worry about where your son may be. #Stewart
It's never policy of US Armed Forces to endanger lives if Americans over an ignoramous who thinks he is privy to details of US War stradegy.
Sir I actually disagree with u here.  Afghanistan is a lost cause and we need to fulfill some limited obligations but not go to far.
TRUMP is a Natsizz supporter.
Your riding a dead horse Tim.
Ya just let the enemies know your strategy! Not!!
Too many leaks in Congressional offices, would you give your confidential info yo you office,?
Didn't work with Obama. I don't see HRC as President and you as second place
American public deserves more details from POTUS on EVERYTHING. Congress should ask for the specifics and then debate & vote on #NEWELECTION
Dems just have to be pissed about everything. Don't understand
Like we did the past 8yrs. 
Kaine go take a nap- 
How about the U.S. Government actually telling the American public what the goal of the War was/is. Then...work toward achieving that. QED
That's my senator Francis lol he's on our side & we all know if repubs don't want smthn done dems can't do it!!But my senator is pretty cool
But...ever since the war started, there hasn't been a clear, defined goal/purpose. That's what I'd like to hear (good, bad or even ugly).
I was just telling you it's my senator but real talk they've never told us the truth about the wars! hell about anything but he's a cool guy
I suppose that Donald saying, "trust me," is no longer good enough?
Dont trust Trump the child molester!
Did you ever hear loose lips sink ships, your'e not that stupid are! So you would have been telegraph Tim in the WH
Yeah, by all means. Let's tell the enemy when we are coming,how many and where we will be. Said NO Sane Person ever!
We deserved more details on ACA before you idiots passed it! Advertising STRATEGY only helps your enemy. Obama proved that in last 8 yrs
TRUMP is an idiot.  He just also has no plan
Got a lot of guts making any comment about what THE real President has to say. This Moron needs to know nothing and has no say in anything.
We havent had a real President in 7 months
You and Jeff Flake need to throw your Brookings Institute total war plan in the trash where it belongs and then go kick rocks
What's TRUMP plan other than make TRUMP and Erik Prince more $$$ from.taxpayers?
I'm going to sleep well tonight knowing that the "great problem solver" is all over this.
Agree sending troops in is a big deal. They have families. We need to know but Trump obviously has no idea as well so he cant say
Not sending me overseas to protect my family because I have a family does not help my family survive against our enemies.
Nice job raising your kid, Tim. http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2017/may/26/tim-kaines-son-charged-after-trump-rally-scuffle/ …  #draintheswamp #MAGA
I'd say being charged in connection with a "scuffle" is nothing compared to being under federal investigation, lying to Congress, etc.
 You would say that because you are either 1. Compromised 2. Brainwashed (most likely) 3. a sellout. Woody, like his dad, is a coward.
Defensive nutjob aren't U?
I'd say it bec, while disapproving of assault, I detest lying traitors to U.S. Of course U R free to admire them
"Defensive," buddy? Hardly. I just get a kick out of all you self righteous phonies taking your cheap potshots & using ad hominem attacks. 
YOU R one who dug up an old article 2 take a "potshot" at Kaine, & U claimed I'm brainwashed & a sellout. It's yourself U should hate. 's
Who's "defensive" now, Gerty?
Who is Gerty?
As 4 defensive, interesting U feel entitled to make personal attacks (while claiming 2 dislike them) & not get any in return.
Trump entire life is lacking details.  Only details Trump enjoys is racism, sexism, lying, cheating, and zero empathy or humility
POTUS doesn't even know himself,  he was just reading out loud. We are dealing with a mentally disturb individual.
If the new strategy is not to publicize, @realDonaldTrump should convene congress behind closed doors and lay out the strategy!!
Too many leakers! Our enemies would know the plans within hours (minutes?) of Congress being told!
Unfortunalty I agree!!
Appointing a US Ambassador to Afghanistan would also be a good start.
Shit, who would volunteer?  Remember when the State Department had to force people to serve in the new embassy in Iraq?
Not an easy placement, and I'm sure volunteers are scant, but it's essential to have a chief diplomat in Kabul, so appointment is necessary.
Tell Tim Kaine to get busy then!  John Bass is waiting on the DNC to stop being obstructionist and get his confirmation done!
Yes you tool let the enemies know the strategy,thank god you lost
One time, a President dropped bombs on two cities. He didn't say what he was going to do, and because of that we're not speaking Japanese.
Congress voted on that war in 2001....it's still going.  And, I would rather the military do what they need to, and not tell everyone.
I bet you would like him to give specifics on our strategy.  ISIS would like it too.
Err...you're not supposed to tell your enemy what you're doing. And you politicians are welcome to put on combat gear and go help!
With all due respect, Senator Kane, the Democratic party should be fighting fire with fire. Call this idiot POTUS out, stop this man. Now!
I wouldn't let him do anything without evaluation
Watching his speech I think a candidate for president should be required to have a mental evaluation
Shut up Tim
So our enemies can kill our marines and soldiers Enough of the stupidity PLEASE
I'd like some details on how your kid thought it was ok to be an anarchist. Where'd he learn that Tim?
Yes and the Germans should of been told we were invading on dday.
Sen Kaine good 2hear from you. Can't tell you how sorry we are that the popular vote was ignored. Keep up the fight.
Yes! Thank you!
Gee Tim perhaps we should let the Taliban, AQ & ISIS have some input into it. Pretty simple take iff the gloves and kill tangos
Too bad you didn't feel that way when the ACA, which btw isn't affordable, was rammed down America's throat.
Please ask that they do, @timkaine. Thank you!
This is so true our government  should know all the details before the risk the lives of our military. They are each a life,treat themassuch
wcg50 yea if were up to. you guys nothing would get done , it's time to unite this country and stop the damn criticizing
# Idiot
Americans deserves corrupt Hillary to go on trial for selling America for $$$ to RUSSIA. Dems are corrupt  anti Americans! GOD BLESS TRUMP!!
Well, the Democrats in Congress are just enablers. Senators can stop any bill at all with just an anonymous hold on it.  You don't. Cowards.
How many bills have Republicans been able to pass so far? Nothing, except those that keep the gov running.
Congress has failed to exercise oversight as to the use of force. It's about time to revisit the War Powers Resol. & post-9/11  legislation.
It's called strategy. Something the Democratic Party obviously struggles with.
Yes, we should always tell our enemy's everything, so more American lives can be lostthat sounds like a great strategy to save lives 
COIN is fluid. We need event based phaselines and not timelines. Be happy he's listening to experts this time.
Ok Tim just ask him for the details. And if you have some good ideas share them. It helps us all if we get this right. Criticism isn't one.
Just visit TBI ward at Bethesda hospital. The soldiers that have their heads caved in from explosives can tell you we should leave Afghanist
What were Obamas specifics on any of the 7 countries he was bombing? Libya in particular.
What Congress and what specific?  Tea party conservatives not interested?
We deserve to get the hell out of Afghanistan. Stop with the chickenshit stances on what's become an absurd intervention we should exit now.
it more than we have gotten from u.  CHIN MUSIC
what u should vote on is if your Antifa is a terror group.  I think yes
you don't have your own position on the matter?
NOT a good idea in an age of ,sinking ship's from loose Politicians and Aides lips"  from the last Admin. Lets NOT give details.
So you can leak it? No thanks! So glad you're NOT in the White House!! Would've been a horrible VP!
Hey nucklehead! We don't want our enemies to know what we are doing! I guess you Democrats don't understand that?
I understand not wanting to broadcast the plans on TV. But Congress should be informed.
Sheryl Crow run for diane black seat 
The public doesn't need to know military strategy. Publicizing gives the enemy time to be prepared to kill our soldiers. Are you crazy?
You mean unlike "you have to pass it to see what's in it?"
I am with you Tim Kaine.
Did you ask for more details from the past 2 Presidents Tim?
Why? So we can let them know that we're coming? That's just stupid Senator Kaine.
How bout you guys get back to work. Stand up for the potus! The freaking demo still stand up for nobama! Wtf! #Work4america!
Yea, he should be asaspwcific as Obama. Time date how many and when we are leaving. It worked really well - not
To see that anyone in the Democratic party is in favor of staying in Afghanistan blows my mind.
#ListenToThePeople !!
So you want to discuss "the continuing rationale" for Afghanistan.
In other words, make up a reason to stay there.
#WarmongeringResistance
Why are you complaining? He was completely against staying in Afghanistan until now. He's just come over to your position!!
#Warmongers
There are no more details this is his diversion ploy. Next- war
Gotta hear "both sides" before perpetuating the white supremacist violence of US militarism, huh? 
#NoWarOnMuslims #FightSupremacy #Resist
Bad daddy.
Do Reps in Congress want to know the details?  Then they will have responsibility and they never want that.
Did you call for this under Obama? No?
Senator, we have a new #CommanderInChief, and he will not be forecasting military strategy with the whole world.  That was @BarackObama.
The senate and congress deserve details. People thinking of joining the Military might want details. Um budget committees might want details
As a Marine's father, y should be smart enough to know specifics need to not be shared publicly. Wow, put ur son's life behind politics huh?
The plan is under audit so can't be released, oh wait my bad, his tax return is still under audit.  we will never see either
I doubt he comprehends the details
Isn't that what he'd hangry tweet about if it were BHO?
Or we could stop the failed policy of endless war.
Just oppose it. Look at who this guy is. No wonder 2016 was such an electoral disaster
You still support Afghanistan tho. That's inexcusable
Oh, so THAT'S why she lost!  F your eclipse.
America deserves both parties working together
Actually from now on? I don't give a fuck what he has to say anymore! #NotMyPresident Do your fucking job Mr. Kaine. #ImpeachTrump
@MSNBC
REMOVE HIM!
The Minerials are there? Need to leave All places;? Work with leaders
So you're in favour of Trumps war policy? Against it? Or are you pathologically incapable of leading on anything?
how abt opposing endless war?
How about instead of begging for specifics, we demand a withdrawal?
Retire.
Kinda like his tax returns...
About eight years too late, Timmy.
what the shit are you even talking about, jesus christ
Democrats are absolutely useless. Either oppose the war on principle or keep your mouth shut.
Nice delay tactic there Tim, maybe you could point out that we should have left ages ago.
But Tim, that would require House & Senate majorities not made up of moral midgets, cretins too scared of reelect to think morally.
End the occupation.
It's a secret. The plan is in the same place as his "Defeat ISIS in 30 Days" plan and the video of NJ Muslims celebrating on 9/11
Negativie Timothy President Trump stated very clearly his strategy. That is the info you get. He is Commander in Chief Not you thank god
You dope. Trump said already he was not going to tell the enemy his plans.
#Trump #ImpeachTrump #resist #TheResistance #TBT


There you go thinking your the smartest guy in the room. Hint:  you're definitely not
Stttttttooooopppp. It's time to come home
your Tweet was quoted by @voxdotcom
No specifics you can't win if you show your hand
Completely agree
I agree, but first you have to get rid of the 2001 AUMF. Trumps Afghanistan strategy sounded like his single page tax plan. #ImpeachTrump
How about just "No!"
What?  And let our enemies know?
Prolly call his bestie Putin and tell him all about it! Then invite him for a sleepover. #TrumpRussia
give it up already!!!#Sourgrapes!!
The American people need more details on just about everything especially tax spending I'd really like to know where my money is going 
And maybe then we can stop spending so much on "defense" and start putting that $$ toward health care for everyone... Cont'd
I'd much rather that than paying for never-ending wars... I'm so ashamed to even say I'm American I swear
The American citizens deserve more from SchemingTreacherousTraitortrump period.
Why is there no timeline and blanched for a war we can't win? But fighting poverty, homeliness, drug addiction, and more, is told tough!
Folks from the Commonwealth of VA deserve a senator with their interests at heart, not a hyperbolic dem party shill
Yes tim we will make battle plans public too
Should, should, should.... what do you know? Term limits for all of you
Absolutely! Congress must vote on #no_strategy_Afghan_strategy @realDonaldTrump @SenKaineOffice
Why should he announce to the enemies what he plans? Get a life loser!
Congressional Reps are to busy falling all over themselves after yesterday's prepared speech. We are sending more Americans who will die.
Apparently, no big deal. No. Big. Deal. Disgusting.
Keep Trumps feet to the fire. This is a war no one wanted, wants or needs. This now is on Trump. The president & Congress held accountable!
Failure to gain Congressional approval would be an abdication of leadership, and will likely happen
Why isn't half your tweet "En Espanol?" It's the ONLY reason Hillary "aka Abuela" chose you as her running mate my friend. Comprende?
First rescind the existing AUMF, as proposed. It  has outlived usefulness. Gave @potus more leeway than Constitution intended to wage war.
The American ppl deserve competent leaders in Congress and all we have are yellow bellied apologists like you.
You need to ask his speech writer.
That would require getting off their  candy asses Respectfully. Sen.KAINE u need to put ya foot up some DEM leadership  Have them Grow a set
That would require getting off their  candy asses Respectfully. Mr. KANE u need to put ya foot up some DEM leadership . Have them Grow a set
I disagree. Let the professionals do their jobs and report afterward. Loose lips sink ships.
Um no.
Like #obamacare was done? Tim you like like a weasel. Go do weasel things
You really expect him to say he knows nothing but wants us to look away from his greed, cruelty, racism, incompetence, & Russian mob ties?
The Ppl need Congress to cease doing exactly what we ask you not to do! Pull out of Afghanistan. Use saved $3.9M/ solidier for Healthcare!
The real reason:
They we help funded Programs improve live but kill destory instead save life you are
Does the taliban have a right to know? Pretty sure if we find out they will too. Understand???
Strongly agree. Secret strategy is no strategy. Leaving it for the next president... #ObamawasMUCHbetter
Did u ask the same when Obamacare sent 20,000 in 2009?
All I got out of his speech is He Doesn't care, He's gonna kill alot of people and a lot of people will be killed!
Yes, But Republican Congress are fearful of Trump.
Congress should get busy doing their job instead of interfering in National Security decisions. We hired @realDonaldTrump @POTUS for that
Shut up, Tim.  Where were saying we deserved more details on AHCA before it was rammed through Congress.  Consistency, Tim, consistency
I agree he will send more to their death. Need to use drone technology not our young

Trump is unfit to govern #NoWar #StopTrump #StopTheTrumpAdministration
Don't know how @realDonaldTrump expects to ensure support from India,Pakistan or Afghan leaders w/o filling U.S. diplomatic posts in region.
Creepo
You must be kidding .Sounds like you have been drinking the kool-aid again. Why don't you just call the enemy and make reservations.
@CNN @ChrisCuomo Let's focus on Muellers investigation. Potus deflecting again.
Exact thoughts. There's  so much coverage of him lying and deny. He's nuts and embarrassing . Would like to hear any morsel from Mueller
NO KAINE , you don't broadcast battle plans so the enemy can know them! What a dimwit!
