don't be stupid @RandPaul there is a difference between Venezuela and European countries.
Socialism kills freedom. It is the vanguard for fascism and doctators.
some freedoms have to killed. Such as ability to 100% control your employees. No benefits
*dictators. also, look at history, every time Socialism was tried it gave way to dictator
what I'm for may not be classified as socialism.  I'm for rights that UK, Germany have
Socialism is best when it is used to strengthen capitalism. Roads, small business grants,
I agree and benefits of workers.
100% of capitalism or socialism is bad.  Need balance. Right now US needs more socialism.
Josh I'm gonna have to ask you to work 80 hours a week, no vacations,  no retirement, no weekends.
bc w/ Capitalism no other employer would offer more $, fewer hours, vacation or retirement. /sarcasm
it took men/women with socialist backgrounds to push these benefits into the world.
True, but it wasn't Capitalism that kept those benefits out.
Also, this isn't the 1960's anymore.
Only if you denounce Ayn Rand and the inhuman cruelty of Libertarianism first.
Mate have you even read Ayn Rand?
I have. Total crap. As WF Buckley said, she writes like an amphetamine addict.
I enjoyed the Fountainhead.
Nobody enjoyed the Fountainhead. Total one dimensional, cardboard characters. Rand was a hack.
I do what I want
True. Still, Rand is a horrible writer. Though apparently an even more vile person.
I got the oposite impression, she hired a Japanese familly after they got out of the internment camps.
the reason  u&I went to medical school has nothing to do with the fact that our parents are doctors
sarcasm
don't think there are not people more qualified than us. Mommy daddy silver spoon helped us
Did you read the article? Author goes from socialism, to Marxism, to autocracy, and diactorship. There's no actual criticism of socialism.
leftists cheered Chavez.  They loved his takeover.
Yes, they did, until they didn't. Cheering once is not tacit approval of later power grabs and moving away from socialism.
The wage laborers of America need Socialism.  Capitalism doesn't work for the rest of us.
Then try harder to be something more. Too bad if you don't like it.
I'll try hard to change this country politically.  The American people will slowly come around.
Didn't you learn anything from this election? The majority of America REJECTED liberalism.
But she still won the popular vote.  So maybe she wasn't that rejected after all.
Clinton didn't ”WIN the popular vote”. She LOST last time I checked. PV is not a measure of victory.
he is a self evoked socialist. Socialism means people cannot be sole owners of a business.
Socialism is not what was and is in Venezuela.
He called Venezuela a dream. http://www.sanders.senate.gov/newsroom/must-read/close-the-gaps-disparities-that-threaten-america …
Denial of reality.Most socialists are common thieves of hard-earned capital. Socialism should be outlawed.
If capitalism is so  then why is 3/4 of  super fucking poor? Why is  so poor? 
Because the US government and its interference with the market doesn't allow for it
Riiiiight. Its got nothing 2 do w/ extreme wealth inequality
Socialism only works when the Citizens listen to, understand, and obey their Leaders. Stupid Citizens maybe?
Have you talked with anyone in the US? #trustissues
Socialism isn't working very well here either. A smidgen of Free Enterprise allowed here only makes
it appear that it is working. Fact is, FE is barely keeping it afloat.
Good try. U know better. Bernie's more a New Deal democrat http://time.com/4121126/bernie-sanders-democratic-socialism/ …
Definitely not. How about reading the articles to find out more? New Deal - Think FDR.
Ron Paul  More dishonesty.  Bernie Sanders believes in Socialism for human needs, Capitalism for human wants.
socialism means an individual cannot own a business. You want that?
You are confusing socialism with communism.
.@RandPaul @BernieSanders Rand, I wish you'd reconsider corporate welfare and tax cuts for people who can afford to pay taxes!
Hopefully, the Pilgrims failure with socialism will be the last time it's implemented here.

Communist never listen to anyone's opinión
nice try, socialist democracies like Scandinavian countries rank top in the world of happiness and business
ha, oh Rand worry about your Trump in bed with KGB Putin.
& each yr u are given the privilege of serving the citizens of the US you should reconsider supporting socialism @SenSanders
Yep, Venezuela today, Sweden tomorrow, how the Swedes will regret free education, health care and workers rights
#Socialism in #Netherlands #Sweden #Finland #Denmark & #Norway is working out quite nicely.
For 2017, please reconsider your non support for the working people of Kentucky @BernieSanders
Socialism like police, firefighters, standing military, public hospitals, schools, libraries, you clueless dolt.
and what is socialism?is like the notion of 'game' according to L Wittgenstein.
It needs further and detailed explanation.
Socialism is dangerous for any populated country... just ask Venezuela. #hyperinflation #MAGA
Hybrid Market Economy w Social Democracy work in Scandinavia. BTW take an interesting poll
.@realDonaldTrump Thank you... Folks, if you could change your v-o-t-e, who would you pick now instead of your original choice? bots welcome
How about Canada, Australia, New Zealand and the UK. Why can't Americans have what they have?


This is why I love you Rand Paul, truly.
Socialism is the source of poverty.
yes, bcoz fascism is more tolerated
.@RandPaul For the New Year, please reconsider your support of @realDonaldTrump. 

@BernieSanders @BostonGlobe
, if u think socialism is so bad. Than why does the Nordic countries perform so much better than the US?
Because they're wealthier and have freer economies than the US.
, for the new year please reconsider your support for capitalism! #Bangladesh #India #Nigeria.
GOD BLESS YOU IN THE NEW YEAR AND KEEP YOU SAFE AND ENLIGHTENED
Venezuela was functioning fine until they pulled away from the IMF.
Venezuela's Woes are Punishment for leaving World Bank & IMF- not "socialism"
I believe you know Socialism and Democratic Socialism are not the same thing.
...and wild capitalism deestroyed the middle class
God bless you Sir.
notice how bernie didnt twitter war because thats for teens and athletes not presidents and senators
quit spamming my email asking for MONEY
luv you but luv @BernieSanders more
@alllibertynews @RandPaul @BernieSanders how is it even possible to live both of them? They are complete opposites.
: Love you, Sen. Paul. I wanted you for POTUS. As a fellow, Capricorn, I appreciate your wit, too. :)
democra socialism isn't' the  same? Social health care, college didnt cause any harm to Venezuela??
Sure, Bernie!!  You move to Venezuela and help the Maduro regime put Venezuela back together!!
Um....I'll pass!  USA was never meant to be a Socialist country and never will be, with God's grace.
why can't we have compassion and empathy for others in this country? It doesn't have to be socialism
socialism doesnt work it only makes some rich and others very poor! Freedom isnt dependence on someone else or gov!
The only inoculation against communist subversion is quality public education it's not socialism it's national defense.
Actually all this gov systems can be exploited by the top rats !!!! Lets try survive this technocracy terror world ! 
If we don't indoctrinate our citizens with knowledge of civics, history and philosophy some other country will.  @RandPaul
Maybe other country need to do it ,if the indoctrination is a big fat lie !!! The ultimate goal is to had real people !
No one country has a has a monopoly on the truth however other countries will work to advance their own agendas not yours.
https://www.theguardian.com/books/2016/apr/15/neoliberalism-ideology-problem-george-monbiot?CMP=share_btn_tw … apologize for neoliberalism first
https://www.theguardian.com/books/2016/apr/15/neoliberalism-ideology-problem-george-monbiot?CMP=share_btn_tw … apologize for neoliberalism first
https://www.theguardian.com/books/2016/apr/15/neoliberalism-ideology-problem-george-monbiot?CMP=share_btn_tw …

http://m.democracynow.org/stories/15039  right after usa stops sabatoging Venezuela rand
A completely capitalist system is just as stops as a completely socialist system.  Viva la Mix!
strict Marxism obviously doesn't work, but there are advantages to both ends of the spectrum.
pretty terrible article, looking at only one example of excessive corruption in a socialist nation.
simply put, if you give 1 billion to the lowest 1% and the top 1%, which will benefit the economy more?
the answer should be obvious. The bottom 1% would flood the entire system with that money almost immediately.
it would be nothing more than pocket change to the richest, doing nothing but stagnating.
That's not socialism, it's autocracy. (For additional examples, see @realDonaldTrump - republican prez). Dick.
As isms go "Socialism" has a bad rep.  Yes, rebrand, but PLEASE keep up the fight against inequality!
When you're so far right, everything left looks like socialism.
I second this request. Consider that both of ur goals are same but have previously disagreed on strategy.
Bernie Go live in a communist country, leave us in peace with our democratic republic 1 US under God
and his support for Hillary. He's clearly a loon and just the left's counterfeit manufactured attempt at a Ron Paul
...Pursuit of Happiness = education, ability to gain knowledge and evolve and live long, productive life
Life = Healthcare, Living wage, stability; Liberty = Civil protection, equality, social justice;
....healthcare, free public education right through college, that is what Founders had in mind.
The role of govt is not to create profits, it is to create stability for citizens, living wage, universal
Rand, you really need to rethink your support of oligarchy, explain life, liberty & pursuit of happiness
No thanks Bernie.... I'll take freedom.
. Need to vote Sanders out of office & let him live in some other country. USA is NOT socialist.
Yeah right, Rand. That's like convincing a liberal FDR sucked.
Remember that with Socialism you will pay out of the nose for food!!
your comparison goes from one extreme to the next. Government needs to spend tax dollars on the people and U S infrastructure.
yes, we need more money in the hands of only the rich elite! What a monster @BernieSanders, always fighting for poor people.
begging for your help. Please block House cuts to SSDI this yr. Give back what they took in 86, so programs are funded thru 2033.
and for Gods sake Bernie can't you avoid the corporate big box stores when shopping for Chinese made basketballs
Rand Paul please read a dictionary for the definition of Democratic Socialism. Ignorance is nothing to boast about.
that's stupid and uneducated! I thought u were better than this!
Yeah Medicare, Social Security, public schools and libraries are a real drag.
none of those have anything to do with socialism.
- Bernie is a democratic socialist. Not the same thing.
Germany Germany Germany Germany Germany !!!
SHADE!
Senator Paul, you attack Social Security & Medicare and are fighting for cuts. Please remember who you work for.
Ok, Rand, let's see if you can stand up to Trump if you're so smart.......
Rand did u ever think maybe venzns are just not good at socialism or maybe it's tyranny or oligarchy?
socialism is terrible. How many times does that need to be tried to be accepted?
a idea done poorly doesn't  mean the idea was bad. Sen Rand your the only contest with Bernie. He is right though.
I am from Venezuela, socialist is the worst thing ever happened to my country!
No people should have to live like this. We have another chance to give hope to the world.
- old lady in wa state
In 2017 Congress should make US Financial,Economic,Social Crisis a PRIORITY.Foreign Affairs Secondary.
NOT!! #StandWithRand
You should take a look at Mississippi
dictatorship ruined Venezuela not socialism ... dictatorship is not far away in US ...we shall see
The Senator will never renounce his religion
Woul he send him to this link where he says Venezuela is American dream? http://www.sanders.senate.gov/newsroom/must-read/close-the-gaps-disparities-that-threaten-america …

quick someone give @BernieSanders a copy of Bastiat's "The law"
You too RP (mirror advice)

Socialism or the price of commodities?  You are just like all the others.   No honesty.
Never happen. Bernie is devout, true believer....unless its HIS money.
@jgratero
Respectfully, there's a difference between Authoritarian Socialism and Democratic Socialism. But you knew that. @BernieSanders
no? Socialism is collective control of business. Where people cannot solely own a business.
No. Look at the Nordic Model. Individuals own businesses.
socialism is a cancer that destroys all.
Please @RandPaul be objective. Several european countries are socialists and are doing very well. You are better than this. I believe in you
I have old friends from #CityOfHeroes who are suffering #RightNow because of Socialism in Venezuela; #ItHasToStop
good luck with you request Senator Paul
truth
@Jeff_Jacoby @BernieSanders @BostonGlobe it's not socialism that screw up Venezuela...Dumb decisions did them in
That is not socialism 1st of all, it is statism, & since Chavez's death--Maduro has run it into ground
@jsinko @BernieSanders  so, blame capitalism for the fact that empty homes in the US outnumber the US homeless pop 6 to 1, right?
Socialism is not a harmonic symbiotic relationship but is  a predatory & parasitic relationship.
Bernie has 3 houses, drives a luxury car -- typical "socialist" -- blatant hypocrite.
socialism by definition cannot exist under an autocrat/dictator/govt that's not democratic/republican
not every autocrat that calls himself "socialist" governs a socialist state. Autocracy does not = socialism
Speaking of useful idiots, @RandPaul please stop supporting Trump!
Dr. Paul, that's no way to treat your 2020 running mate!
Possibly your cause and effect analysis might need some thought. Have you considered to price of oil as a cause?
@TheVoiceOfPaulR @BernieSanders @BostonGlobe Bernie has to go!!! He is ineffective
The bad thing about Maduro is that he's an autocrat, not that he' a socialist. There are good social democracies.
Central power required to redistribute; power corrupts. Not certain, but very likely.
shots fired shots fired!
yes, let's put the American backed oligarchs back in the saddle!
Get rid of the welfare & this starts 2 look like . #justsaying
and watch people suffer?
Exactly. Keep social policies in place, keep the people docile.
how much was Chavez worth when he died? Castro $9M ? Socialism Communism somebody always gets rich not the people
as opposed to capitalism where everyone is rich right. Cue the inequality statistics.
No but in our system at least you have the opportunity to achieve  a higher income w/o relying on govt
that would be the case under non-autocratic socialism and communism. That was the case under Chavez.
capitalism is working great for the ultra wealthy, screw everyone else.
please learn the difference between socialism and communism.
In 2011, Bernie said look to Venezuela for the American dream. http://www.sanders.senate.gov/newsroom/must-read/close-the-gaps-disparities-that-threaten-america …
ummm Canada? Sorry Rand, you shouldn't only look at the worst examples of a thing to make your point.
Canada isn't close to socialist. They are capitalist.
as a Canadian looking at what americans consider socialism... yes we are. A balanced version, but def socialist.
socialism is community controlled business. Canada is capitalist but also a welfare state.
4 the new year please do some research into what @SenSanders policies are and how they differ from the policies in Venezuela.
He said Venezuela is he American dream. http://www.sanders.senate.gov/newsroom/must-read/close-the-gaps-disparities-that-threaten-america … learn his beliefs please
get em Rand
I don't recall Bernie being a cheerleader for Socialist govts. Can you ask Trump to not support Fascism?
Has there been a trial of socialism that hasn't been interfered with? No embargo, war, sanctions???
you can't say that unless you oppose a Rep president who's "here to help" businesses @BernieSanders @BostonGlobe @realDonaldTrump
@KevinNR @BernieSanders @BostonGlobe "Real socialism has never been tried" in 3...2....1..
Socialism does not work. It only makes people lazy & dependent on Government. It is all about giving U more power.

Sanders might be a bit busy trying to stop a quasi-fascist to take your ideological advice.
u need to move to cuba  bubba
Keep up the fight Rand Paul! I believe you have the ambition that many of our founders had.
And the "useful idiots" continue to be idiots
Put more take home pay with #ZeroTaxes30K &#MTHP
never.....u change your way of thinking.... your mind stuck in 1776...we good u could leave the country and quit our job....
haha, good luck, he avoids the subject of Venezuela like the plague.
Anybody who works 40 hours per week should live in a Lake House!
#LyingTrump
Socialism is one step away from communism.

Has nothing to do with socialism, everything to do with basing an economy solely on oil. Travel to E. TX sometime. @RandPaul @BernieSanders
Why are there long six block lines for toilet paper there
because people need to wipe their ass I guess @Astroglide13 @RandPaul @BernieSanders
Sorry poor punctuation. Why? Are there six block lines for toilet paper in E Texas also
plenty of useful idiots on this thread....
THIS NEEDS TO BE RETWEETED ENOUGH FOR SANDMAN TO SEE IT
"@RandPaul: .@BernieSanders
http://www.bostonglobe.com/opinion/editorials/2016/12/25/socialism-shattered-venezuela-useful-idiots-applauded/ZoQnAX5WksuCTauiAjCx4M/story.html …" 
And #Hillary: Give back all the #Islamofascist! DirtyHarry: About those SolarEnergy
A very reasonable appeal.
wants to bankrupt the US to better the poor, your president wants to bankrupt the US to fill his own coffers so...
if we are going bankrupt either way I guess we could at least make a few lives better in the process, eh?
What if we don't bankrupt teh country?
we could only dream of such an idea. :(
please reconsider your understanding of basic political science. This wasn't socialism, this was an undermined government.
why have our elected officials decide to use Twitter to throw insults at one another?
For our amusement, I personally apreciate it.
maybe when your party reconsiders its support for fascism @BernieSanders
Trump is far from a national socialist.
national socialist is the abbreviated name of a specific party, not a political system
the political system was socialist, Hitler himself said he was a socialist.
yeah concentration camp were  really just great social welfare programs
FDR prolly said something similar to the Japanese
agreed on this, we are not a #socialist country #BernieSanders
fascism is socialism.
Urgent Task for the New Year: Set the Agenda for the United States https://larouchepac.com/20161227/urgent-task-new-year-set-agenda-united-states …
fav thing on Twitter is Bernie calling for fewer convicts & wanting to jail people for success in alternate tweets
Ya sure we didn't undermine their leadership because we wanted their oil??
and to make a socialist country look bad hmm when has usa ever done that before
a little to broad I would say
....Socialism is more cruel than capitalism...
