wrong on the balanced budget buckwheat.
You don't want a balanced budget?  May I ask why?
the fed budget is not like s household budget. Austerity to pay down debt leads to more poverty, not prosperity.
this formula never addressed military spending.. or guns or butter.
Rand Paul wants to cut military spending though.
he says a lot of things. He's not consistent and lost most of his dad's following.
which makes no sense. Ron Paul was great but what caused Rand to lose his support? I agree with Rand on everything
decided he was a conservative.
START by cutting the $800-Billion$ /yr "Trade DEFICIT"!!  By the way? DEFICIT means we're LOSING $$$!! Hello?
Also CUT the deplorable "DREAM Act"! Cut the "Illegals OFF of our Welfare!! NEVER "Bail Out Wall Street" AGAIN! EVER
@alllibertynews @YouTube elect taking advantage of the people #corruption Strengthen the individual
Come on Rand, stop #fearmongering with the tired old #SkyIsFalling #nationaldebt #propaganda. Surely you know better. smh
I NEED A GOOD INTERNIST...DO YOU DO MEDICAL WHAT INSURANCE?
no it's time for SCHOOL CHOICE IN KY get off your butt and get it done KY schools suck my kids are SUFFERING
,why don't you view tax cuts as spending money.
Will you promise to never offer pork money to anyone ever??
yes, & stop spending money on foreigners, foreign aid, & reconstruction of foreign countries
Highly doubt that's going to happen with the newly elected POS, oh I mean POTUS.
.@randpaul .@alllibertynews Your money is based on DEBT! Created out of nothing! A fraud. Get rid of the Federal Reserve & repeal the act!
BTW. .it's been time. What the sam hell have you been waiting for. Just sayn...
Start by introducing TERM LIMITS for Congress. 2 for the Senate and 3 for the House.  Best way to make sure the swamp stays drained!
please do!
Yes it is nothin stoppin you now Rand so happy lol. #StandWithRand
time to stop all those wars. Time to stop intervention in every conflict
@realDonaldTrump 
Remove lifetime pay and benefits Congress & Senate get for LIFE after 1 term! Draft a bill, put up or shut up.
Make Trump pay back taxes wth interest
truth! What can we as citizens do about all of the debt?!
the Republican party is about to increase the budget defecit the most in history of the US when the economy is growing
Just like when you fall behind in house payments, the bank will foreclose. Congress is responsible, but we will pay. Is that just?
I have followed and suppprted you for years. Is debt more important than hate crimes? #disappointed
Maybe stop giving that leach Israel billions of dollars a year they don't have to pay back?
get it done rand paul I voted for you !
Talk to @realDonaldTrump  https://twitter.com/DesireeSeattle/status/798328442341101568 …  He does not  make America great by breaking understanding of the blind trust
US  told Trump's kids would run his business in blind trust This is wrong https://twitter.com/BrendanNyhan/status/798304631776391168 … @peterthiel @StephenMoore
Encourage the new President and his functionaries to bring private sector efficiency to government.
it is time for you to lead the way now you are all running tall the branches of govt. No excuse in 4 years
good look with tax cuts/infrastructure the republicans yet to do anything but   Increase the deficit
time 2 cut gov salaries an pentions as well Gov should also have the same healthcare as the ppl they serve enough double standards
I'm glad you're back 
I would LOVE to see Your Dad made Chair of Fed & you Sec of Treasury! (If only...)
We know that. Which is why a politician wasn't voted into office.
All debt losses accrued during R control of budget, no?
hang in there Dr Rand. Support President Trump please.
@SpeakerRyan Please make this a priority.
I expect an economic down-turn if correct action is taken, it is simply inevitable.
Will you cut subsidies?
Didn't elect the one with a balanced budget agenda - you elected the one that doesn't care. #GoodLuckWithThat
Please restore US expat faith in our own country. Please repeal #FATCA and make #RBT. Americans abroad cant have normal lives!!!
Absolutelt
only if we as a country could decide as what is 'waste' and what needs to be 'cut'.
Conclusion in paper "The present crisis, a pattern" becomes more and more visible in societies http://tinyurl.com/paperwg 
to use the great Trumps words Where have you been? How long you been around doing nothing? #Hail Trump
- Get rid of fed dept of ed and EPA .. for starters
keep it up Dr. Paul 
@realDonaldTrump is going to grow the nat'l debt! Keep him in check!
How are we going to do that when President Elect Trump, plans on cutting taxes and increase spending?
Massive tax cuts and increased military spending will not lead to a balanced budget. Pentagon most wasteful part of government.
5 Famous drugs destroyed their talent! :
http://3rp.us/t7Pe 
.@RandPaul Balanced Budget Amendment #BalanceBudget
Please mention to Pres. elect Trump to donate his salary to reduce the nat'l debt.   -old lady in wa state
5 Famous drugs destroyed their talent! :
http://3rp.us/t7Pe 
Would love to have a bal bud. But no one wants to loose votes but cutting anything.  PP or anything else. Sad
Have you called @realDonaldTrump yet on this matter? Ya know since his campaign was light on policy.

why cut the balanced budget?
Can we start at the top?
But Trump's proposals and tax cuts may inflate the deficit by another 5 trillion over the next decade? How do you reconcile that?
Exact opposite of what markets are saying.
Think it depends on which market...  or, that the bond market is saying is very different than what it looks like.
so is it time to cut foreign aid and interventionist policies to help our own here at home?
as a Kentuckian that lives in your district. I would greatly appreciate it if you would deny Stephen Bannon as Chief Strategist.
can you see the day that the usa declares 'martial law'?
I think your President elect is probably the greatest problem you have at the moment mate.
Good luck with that. our "Elect" doesn't seem the least bit concerned about that. Congress really needs to "man up" on this.
do it 

and audit the fed and return to the gold standard
@realDonaldTrump
