and pro-Russia Tillerson??
The Cold War ended 25 years ago when Russia ended communism. Let's keep the Cold War in the past where it belongs.
Russia ended communism?  Really? I have a swamp for sale; great price!
Are you saying Russia is still communist? Do you know what communism is?
Do you know what the ruling party in Russia is, it's called the party of power & corruption & has no platform except power >>
>>for the President. Do you honestly believe Putin has ceased to be a Communist? I saw a documentary on him over the summer >
CIA director John Brennan is an admitted Communist. Putin is not. Did you know Russia has a flat tax? Less socialist than USA.
Do you mean at 21 he voted for Gus Hall as a protest against the system? I find no evidence he ever said he was a Communist.
@GaltsGirl I have lost all respect for Rand Paul
Yeah, I can see how ideological consistency would be a cause to lose respect... </sarc> @RandPaul
His opposition to John Bolton makes no sense to me. Did he oppose Eric Holder or Loretta Lynch?
The answer to that question requires only a Google search. Dumb.  @RandPaul
apparently he supported Holder but opposed Lynch. Dumb.
Rand was not in the Senate when Holder was confirmed. Don't trouble yourself to Google.
it was no trouble. But he apparently supported several of Holders ideas.
Maybe read a little on his time in the GWB Administration. Pretty clear.
As an American, you should want to. Sen. Paul has. I have. This is a perfectly reasonable position on his part.
You are on a public forum. Feel free to block me if you think me suggesting you read about Bolton is so awful.
Not everyone believes the same things are awful so the question on Rand's reasons is valid.
.@RandPaul Thank you! He is PNAC Neocon #DeepState Military Industrial Complex. #NOjohnbolton
A game is being played with the security of our country. Pls watch & share this is important. #DeepState  

http://www.foxbusiness.com/politics/2017/02/14/kucinich-pins-flynn-leak-on-intel-community-warns-another-cold-war.html …
Please do Rand,I'm right there with you!
And this is the ONLY nomination you find disturbing?
why?
.  Why?  I find JB to be a good guy!.  I'd like to hear your prospective.
so what ?
@AlexanderPayton I have to agree. He was very hawkish with other diplomats when US Ambassador at the UN.
call on your fellow Republicans to join you to block Trump presidency and appointees & protect democracy
why are you against anything president Trump does, you r as bad as dems
@Champ_Dawg9 Fair enough, thats why we have congress and senate. Just DO NOT play Mickey Mouse games with electoral college. Thx!
Rand always stands up for the people regardless of the party he's standing against his own or the Dems.
Bull manure!
Rand is one of the men in politics I think is genuine even if u disagree w/him. My 2 cents.
always has been just like his father.
Yup, his father is a great man @RonPaul. It is a shame the media does there family like they do to Trump.
I agree with your foreign policy (& so does Trump). But I would suggest supporting the new President on all nominations regardless
regardless of whether he nominates Bolton or not. We don't know. Trump has a plan, blocking his ppl makes it less effective
Disagree. Trump calls the shots. If Bolton is nominated it will be deputy SOS to manage the agency & root out Clintonistas.
Remember SOS doesn't set policy or declare war; but works to implement POTUS policy.
Your killing your party! Please stop the back-stabing!
actually he is one of the only voice of sanity in either party.  No sense in being a yes man.  Stand up for Americans
It is not called standing for the ppl. The ppl voted for Trump. This is back-stabing.
you can't do anything when you have no party! He is killing himself.
If your against him then I can't help but support him.
because a true conservative is against killing American troops you are for it?  Disgusting.
I'm against gutting the military so they don't have the tools they need to defend our country. Stick with the Rams, they suck too.
Being CAREFUL w/ military action & not creating more enemies is not same as gutting it!
We spend as much as THE NEXT EIGHT LARGEST militaries COMBINED.
A happy medium resulting in less DEATH is not "GUTTING" the military.
What about Tillerson, and Trump signaling favoritism toward Russia? You're a Senator, fry bigger fish.
they're not signaling "favoritism" just realpolitik. Don't restart the Cold War. Clinton & neocons want to.
Realpolitik with a nation tampering with our elections? No thanks. I hate Progressivism, but not enough to ally with Putin.
I am a YES on Bolton. Now....I hardly think you care about my opinion, so why should I care about yours?
Because unlike you, Rand actually gets to vote on whether Bolton is confirmed.
He is a  representative of the people....he's supposed to care abt what the ppl want.
He's supposed to represent his constituents in Kentucky. You're from Florida.
He's supposed to represent the will of the people. Not his own interests. Does he think his opinion is "better?"
We elect people to Congress to represent us. As our representatives, they must weigh both public opinion + their own
who won Kentucky?
Well Rand Paul did. Just this election cycle.
Your opinion is not valued. John Bolton is a good man and would serve us well.
@alllibertynews as long as you vote yes on tillerson
So you hate Bolton's brilliance, huh?  Pathetic, Rand!  PATHETIC you are!
Tell us what the problem is with Bolton
100% AGREE.
as you lose Trump supporters l, you'll gain us independents on your side. Trump needs you in his ear.
@rulajebreal @RonPaul I finally see some of his father's courage influence on his son.
Maybe go all the way.stand up against Trump! Please pic anyone but Trump.His entire cabinet is looking shady!He will destroy US!
Why couldnt the Repubs go Rand Paul crazy instead of Agent Orange crazy?
When trump said we should have stolen IRAQ oil during the invade & then puts Exxon into govt power with Putin ties RuAlarmed yet
I am impressed that at least 1 Republican is an independent thinker and has a backbone. We appreciate that.
I like you but nobody cares what you think on this one
;.  DR.  PAUL..... HAVE YOU LOST YOUR FRIGGIN. MIND???   WHAT ON EARTH WOULD. POSSESS  SUCH AN OUT CRY UPON A PROVEN DIPLOMAT,
Vote NO on Tillerson too! He's even worse!
and Tillerson?
are you speaking for the Commonwealth of Kentucky or yourself?
For this Kentuckian he is speaking for me about Bolton.
that's fine...just giving a reality check. He represents all of us, not just him. Politicians forget that.
Yes they do and it's good to remind them.
Breaking. Bolton was the only effective US Ambassador at the corrupt UN.
me too
John BOLTON is eminently qualified. He is smart enough to adapt to political differences. Give him a chance.
Get your mind right, Rand!
John Bolton is a fine man and would be GREAT in the State Dept. SHAME ON YOU for being so petty !
NO on Bolton for anything
#Trump Don't let #JohnBolton get anywhere near the #StateDepartment. The man is not playing with a full deck.
thank you for this stand on John Bolton
why
WOW!
Finally something I agree with!
But Cwybaby Twump will cwy when he finds out!
@maddogg2463 better tell trump lawyers to lay off electoral college. He's suing any/all to stop them from voting against him.
it didn't say. Trying to find out. My guess fed court. He's bullying agains.
@wesearchr Why?
I actually like both Dr. Paul and John Bolton.  He seems grounded and unafraid.
but you're ok with Rex Tillerson? Take your fake "principles" and shove them.
thank you. Please continue to fight for our democracy please investigate the Russians and the election
Guess you should have been telling everyone to vote for #HRC then.
get the rest of those clowns out too!!!
Just like you were against Trump and then, well, not?  Ho hum.  Useless when you're word is hollow.
Agree with u on budget, but u are over the top there.
Yeah well... #fucktrump 
#notmypresident. #America #weareatdeathcon5 #notmypresident
I don't understand friends with Russian can help us with peace , you folks need to trust Trump .... We did
@alllibertynews @RandPaul  I agree, if we can be friends with Cuba and China why not Russia?
Good. Seriously. Stand against the rest of the crew of fools he's lined up while you're at it. Tillerson? That's insane.
Thank you!
thank you
I actually agree with him! No Bolton!!
Thank you, Senator. I do t think I can take the guy's mustache for an extended period of time.
@alllibertynews is your #TrueColors came out. Now your sounding like a Democrat
@alllibertynews 

The actual pick, should have been former VP Richard Cheney.

That would have put the world on notice.
@alllibertynews.   Why
Thank you senator!
#spellcheck
I stand with you.
Thank you for your courage!  Nobody wants WW3 and we are all tired of regime change failures.
Because that's what you do, work to defeat! Pres Elect has the right to his choice, fight against him, show us how good you are.
Thank you.
At least someone in the GOP has a little integrity, even if I disagree with him on many other issues.
@ViktorLePen reason?
@StopNuclearWar Strong. Rand Paul Strong.
Thank you! Bolton does not belong in this position.
please consider no on DeVos and read Reign of Error before you vote. It'll open your eyes and mind about public education.
thank you for being one of the same voices in your party on this topic.
@BeltwayPanda Well, well, doctor. I find myself in agreement with you for the first time.
he's CooCoo
Same should go for obstructionist @SenateMajLdr. Cronyism and partisanship over country.
Thank you for all you do Dr. Paul!
Thank you for putting country over party sir.
well done !
why?
but how about friends of Vladimir?
Thank you sir. His work with the Bush crowd warrants his never be involved again.
At last...Something I can agree with you on.
HOLY SHIT!
thank you Rand Paul.
I'm shocked by ur sellout. Silent on other picks but vocal on him. DUH!!! Nobody wants anyone from House Bolton in the White House
Thank you sir for keeping the best interests of America first
I love it when you do something good!
@EliseErosenb827 good for you sir
thanks we don't need bombs away Bolton anywhere in Washington
You don't believe a NeoCon can change his stripes?
Thank you Senator! Please convince The others to go ahead with finding out about Russia. We are all in danger
@getoffmylawn80 Thank you.
Why?
@JRehling Gee Rand to bad u didn't feel that way about Trump!!!
Sometimes even those of us on opposite sides of the aisle agree on things, like this.
@Greytdog thank you Senator, John Bolton has never missed an opportunity to be wrong on anything. Neocon relic of the ice age.
I see you're channeling your Dad more and more every day. smh
thank you for putting country first.
Why ?
What happened to you Dr. Rand?  I had such respect for you. Now you sound like another leftist fool.
Thank you
Sigh...another guy turned to grovelling for self protection. No wonder dictators always win in the beginning. Sad man. Just sad.
Because you're pathetic.
why dont you just fuckoff and stay silent give the man a chance
Good on you, Senator.
Thank you senator.
U were better off picking up the mantle of freedom against the Fed like your Dad, rather than play politics. It got us NOWHERE!
is this assuming Tillerson won't be confirmed?
@ggreenwald Never thought I'd support you. Right on!
Thank you sir
@AJDelgado13 Why?
thank you!
what about the rest of his insane picks? I realize you're libertarian, but, even you know this is crazy.
Your reason for this sounds like protection for a dictatorship - not for liberty at all.
excellent Rand! Thank you. Seems like many here forgot Bolton cheer-led for the train wreck that was Iraq part II.
that's the first thing I have ever agreed with you on. I hope there can be more. #resist
thank you.  Bolton is a clown.
Good for you.
@CindyStorer 

And yet you supported Hillary and Kerry????

Please Resign from Senate and Go Away
Wow, I finally agree with you on something :)
@Eykis Bolton is insane, thank you!
Thank you for this.
you and Sally Field should take a laxative and accept the will of the Americans.
thank you!
@realDonaldTrump I greatly respect Dr Paul's opinion.
Why? The globalist oil man is better?
why don't you work to stop the low IQ liar moving into the White House ... Then the Bolton shit would take care of itself!
Gratefully, u are 1 voice & sadly, u appear to 2b part of the problem & not part of the solution. #JustStop #Bolton4State
thank you Rand!
Thank you, Senator, for helping keep Bolton from taking us to war
There is a leader stronger than @SpeakerRyan
happy you got spine, crazy hair. Go get em
@ggreenwald how about Janitor?  He's made a few soiled decisions, maybe it's time to learn how to clean them up.
Thank you for your principled stand, Dr. Paul.
@alllibertynews @RandPaul Great to see Trump supporters resolute and girding themselves against the next 8 years of slander
Well we actually agree on something. Go for it , please. @RandPaul @MichaelSkolnik
I'd nominate your Dad, Rand - your wife would look good in a burka
@alllibertynews @RandPaul @Dark_Red_Hair A Hijab is Sexy,My Friend.Really.
Thank you for that!
If Trump, er, the Trump Transition team thinks we can ignore the CIA because of WMD intel, then the same goes for John Bolton.
@MattWelch If he is going soft on Russia, I agree!  But then, being soft on Russia is prob a pre-requisition for Trump's SOS.
wondered what rock u went under
You also have to oppose a Russian loving corporate billionaire as Secretary of State.
Thank you Senator. Mr. Bolton disqualified himself in saying such subversive things about USA. Very unstatesmanlike of him
That's alright. We have 51 other Senators to get the job done.
thank you for your position on Bolton.
Thank you!
I recommended you for that post. You & Donald seem to have the same platform but @realDonaldTrump isn't listening
At least he isn't pushing for war with Russia and countering that argument with reason
@slone Any other things you want to comment on that haven't happened Senator? Who won't you support that the Browns might draft?
bullshit, there will be some deal done at the last minute and you will cave in @brianbeutler
@robdelaney I will work to defeat the Russian spy that nominated that "E" in "Departement" @RussianBastards
And leave Bolton to poison minds on Fox?
I don't often see eye to eye with you, Senator, but we agree on this.
why?
thank you
Will you fight to investigate the Russian interference in our electoral process?
@robdelaney
while youR @ it how bout a no on Exxon/Rosneft Goldman-Sachs, tinfoil hat Flynn, Mr. 2 racist 2 b a judge Sessions & remaining 1%
What about Michael Bolton?
Thank you, sir.
The world says thanks!
look at bright side, tho' — at least he's a professional.
he knows the difference between Kazakhstan & a Kardashian
in the same way Flynn is a "professional."
. Oh whys that? Just curious
democracy is under attack; put aside you party loyalty and think about the country
you are a voice of reason & sanity in a loud and over crowded symphony of unpleasant noises of lunacy and maddening shrills
U will be alone on ur side of aisle on that.Ur wishes will be ignored. Paul foreign policy is not logical or popular @jonahkeri
