.@RandPaul Please reconsider & oppose Sheldon Adelson's anti-#TenthAmendment bill to close states' poker websites.
When did Rand support Sheldon Adelson's backed bill?
True, but its still in the house. I think you need worry about Paul Ryan in the house. He's Adelson's new puppet for 2020.
It's in the House and the Senate now. Yes, we definitely have to worry about leadership in both houses in lame duck pushes.
who's the co-sponsor of the bill in the Senate? Reid?
Reid backs it but isn't cosponsoring. Graham is sponsor, w/ Rubio, Feinstein, Ayotte & others on: http://www.congress.gov/bill/114th-congress/senate-bill/1668/cosponsors …
Anything sponsored by Graham & Feinstein is cause for alarm & yep more gov stomping on US freedom.
.@RandPaul If someone in Kentucky tries to access a NV or NJ #poker website, they are blocked by geolocation tech.
so...government leaves everyone alone but poker players? Their liberty not important to Dr Paul?
Please respect the rights of states by rejecting calls to ban state-licensed online poker sites. Thank you. #TenthAmendment
Support Regulated Online Poker in America.  Oppose HR 707 & S 1668 - We don't need a Federal Poker Ban.  Let the states decide.
Please oppose RAWA legislation. The bills were written by Sheldon Adelson's lobbyists & is crony capitalism. #NoPokerBan
well Rand with all the imports brought in with such a hands-off attitude your nation is gone Sir it really is bad.
@alllibertynews then support trump
Exactly! And legal, regulated online poker represents enhanced liberty, more consumer protection & new revenue. Please support it.
I agree with @RichMuny & the others that support online poker.  Please support the licensing and regulation of online poker.
Tax and regulate i-poker and states rights.
Support Regulated Online Poker in America. Oppose the Federal RAWA Ban
Allow online gaming sites.  I wish to play poker online. My freedoms are violated by special interests paying off politicians.
you can make America great again. protect our freedom to play online poker. make America free again. thank you sir
Start by opposing S. 1668 instead of just giving lip service to freedom. RAWA is crony capitalism and you and your father know it!
@freedomtex Are you supporting Donald Trump?
@freedomtex RUN! PLEASE!
cheater..certify his own opthalmologist practice.. He is dumb.Not wise..how he got away with this Everton
if you had to certify your own medical practice says to me u r a cheater,something went wrong..Rand the dreamer beware him
Fighting england is fighting Rome and the anti Christ.
needed you in 08 too late now.time has come and gone.America will fight for freedom from the English ,fuck them all.
I would love to be left alone to freely play online poker. Please oppose RAWA, which tramples on the freedom of all Americans.
Please oppose RAWA legislation. The bills were written by Sheldon Adelson's lobbyists & is crony capitalism. #NoPokerBan
What you better do is help us fight Hillary or there wont be any Constitution left if she Wins
For over 3 years licensed Internet poker in NV, NJ & DE has been proven to be safe for consumers & players. Please oppose S.1668.
please oppose RAWA, allow the states to decide on i-poker!
.@RandPaul The bill to close state-licensed #poker websites is anti-#TenthAmendment. Why won't you oppose it? #c4l
Probably because >> @RandPaul << et al hasn't received $$$ for it.

Too cynical?
Count me in on your team to fight for smaller government!! Keep up the good work.
I'm for fighting for Liberty but I have no money to give you if that's what it takes but I could probably do something else
so are you guys going to give Hillary a pass for lying to you under oath? #perjury #wikileaks #Libya #demexit
With a G so small you can drown it in a bathtub .. who makes and enforces the rules for a free market?
Most people want a government that represents them and helps them live a richer life. Wake the fuck up.
we need a fight against corruption and deception
I would settle for a government half the size of what we have now. Also need to cut in half the number of military officers.
why then is Kentucky so heavily dependent on federal handouts ? Why don't we shut down federal offices in KY first then see ..
How can we make sure that Ted Cruz never gains a foothold again?
@MarkSargent1 what is this, a government for ants?
@billmaher this!!! Why can't Liberals understand??? This is what our founders had in mind.
What is your definition of liberty again?
why haven't you endorsed Gary Johnson??
your family have the power not to need the gov , small gov theory is good for rich people only Without gov rich will eat the poor
i don't.
Amen Brother
you left us, we want a balanced budget ,the borders sealed, Medicare and Social Security protected.
, you are the right person for the WH, you have 4 years to prepare now!
How about a government that acts more like a Customer Service Organization than an Evil Overlord?
I'll volunteer to boot you out of the Senate. You're awful
so are we actually gonna fight, or are we gonna use words that we have already said a million times over?  The gov is a cruel joke
sure will...oh, wait, you're still a republican?  No thanks.  #garyjohnson2016
how bout u pay your bills first
.... Unite support Trump. The Country needs this
um aren't the gop in women lives, um aren't gop in LGBTQ lives. Fake fock
@SenateMajLdr @MattBevin @realDonaldTrump I support our leaders. Please support each other. You are our only hope to save our USA.
From the great turkish people: Fuck off
cant wait to see what you have to say im interested in that, but i dont think a small gov will ever happen less maybe small never
Give me liberty or give me death! I'm in! #StandWithRand #Liberty
Paul / Petersen 2020!!
... come out in support of @realDonaldTrump . The alternative a government onslaught.
no thank you Rand.
help to beat Hillary Clinton live up to your pledge
eh rand, Selina says that about me and being with her...is this failick in any way
You are absolutely right, you should've stayed in the Presidential race as a Libertarian, your country needs you
try Gary Johnson. He's out only option now.
I totally agree #Libertarian #Gary Johnson is a great candidate thats how I'm voting just don't understand RP bailing
I Love your tweets. You are a shining example of America.
"For a true Patriot to be silent is dangerous."
      Sam Adams
I don't think a donald trump presidency would ever leave me alone. And yet you still endorse him.
you should've kept in the race for president.... no one wants to support either side of the isles right now. Your gona be busy
ummm rules & regs especially for your #dirtyenergy backers are necessary and should be raised. loll smh
Please endorse @GovGaryJohnson b/c Trump is an embarrassment
problem with that it will give the election 2 hillary-a certainty-hrc will finish usa NORTH AMERICA UNION
Hey @RandPaul please ditch #NeverTrump and vote #TeamGov  Need your endorsement sir.  @GovGaryJohnson Thanks you
pipe dream. Good dream though.
first order of business should be putting "Mind your own business" back on the penny!
