we are excited  because DJT IS Our NEW President!
WE WON. YOU LOST ! Get over it !
again I will speak the truth. We WON.  YOU LOST.  GO SUCK ON A PACIFIER ! Why is your heart so full of hate?
Love the moire effect on your jacket! Also make sure you don't catch on fire!
Merry Christmas Rand n Mrs Paul u are loved n were so grateful for u thxu and God bless.. #StandWithRand
IF YOU LOVE USA PLEASE SAFE IT FROM PUTIN'S DICTATORSHIP AND TRUMP'S LOVE OF HIM, POWER AND MONEY.
happy Christmas to you and your family
Hope you all fellow an amazing Christmas  and I wish you all the best for the New Year  

Merry Christmas to you and yours. So glad we have Trump and men like yourself.
@alllibertynews drop dead
love you buddy
@Rand Paul - Happy Holidays
OMG!! Tears....Merry christmas
Merry Christmas!
I hope you and your wonderful family had a beautiful Christmas and Happy New Year Senator.

@alllibertynews george the third party founder rany, wi$he$ yall a happy black friday holliday $ea$on $traight from $atan-je$u$!!!
https://www.theguardian.com/books/2016/apr/15/neoliberalism-ideology-problem-george-monbiot?CMP=share_btn_tw … apologize for neoliberalism first
- Have a Great 2017 - God Bless-
you're the best we've got in the senate but you need a wardrobe upgrade!
we shook hands & I told FOX13(UT) you were the best choice for Pres.
Because U really try to defend Constitution=SignIT&saveUNBORN
Happy Holidays! @wiltonwoods – at UCSF Mission Bay
Merry Christmas! Thanks for your hard work in 2016.
than you senator. Wish your family same
@slushstuff Detroit Republican.
Merry Christmas Senator!  wish there were more like you on Capitol Hill. #christmaswish
Why did you vote against pay raise for military knowing they hadn't had one in 6 years!!!!
Merry Christmas!
Rand, you'd be nothing without that woman. Glad God was gracious to bless your life with her. Merry Christmas!
Merry Christmas Keep up the good fight
Back @ ya SENATOR! !BE SAFE !
, Merry  Christmas to you and your family⚘
@alllibertynews Rand! Just love this holiday pic of you and Kelly!Enjoy your day as well!
Merry Christmas Senator.  Please issue a response to UN/Israel business? Did USA take wrong position?    @ambjohnbolton
Humility and Humbleness all in a bow
Thank you Mr. Paul! You're the only republican that I actually like. Merry Christmas to you and your family.
Merry Christmas Senator!!
thankful you'll be in the senate defending the people by upholding the constitution.
You know this is organized when they show up in masse. Heads Up! #DisruptJ20  
 http://www.disruptj20.org/get-organized/events/ …
Merry Christmas to you guys.
Happy Festivus!!
Merry Christmas!
Merry Christmas to you and your family. I am looking forward to 2017!
Merry Christmas!
telling that you say "my" family as opposed to "our" family.....
Merry Christmas !
Merry Christmas.  I hope you have a blessed holiday.
merry Christmas!

& to You also! 
God Bless You and your family. Let's Take our country back. Have a Merry Christmas
Merry Christmas to you! Greetings. Always remember Young Conservatives of Texas :-)
Merry Christmas Sen. Paul
Merry Christmas
Merry Christmas!
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year.
Merry Christmas Senator to you & your family, too
Merry Christmas to you and your family
@MichaelRayAdam2 Merry Christmas Senator.  Thank you for your support of the PEOTUS
@AnjiUsa another possible obstruction-its? Said he was not going along,we will see"know it all"is catching in DC"b their4 A while
merry Christmas.  That fire makes it look like you are broadcasting from hell tho #JusSayin
I hope you and your family have a Merry Christmas as well!
Merry Christmas to you too!
Love you Rand. Please tell me that's fake fur on your beautiful wifes collar. Love animals - don't wear them.
Here is my thoughts on the matter. I don't want to be polluting the earth with synthetic fibers, animal fur is 100% biodegradable.
Merry Christmas
Merry Christmas!!!
All the best from one Paul to another.
quality people

merry Christmas
Merry Christmas Mr. Rand Paul and your lovely wife. May your day be filled with joy and love and happiness.
Merry Christmas to you Senator Paul and family.  Happy New Year.
Merry Christmas!
Merry Christmas!!
if i shave my head u shave urs
merry chistmas to you senator and to your family
Same to you Sir
May your day be jolly
And Your Life Long
you really need to stop it with the t-shirt blazer combo. You look like a wannabe bond villain.
Merry Christmas Senator Paul!
Merry Christmas Senator! Thank you for representing and fighting for us!

Merry Christmas and Happy New Year from my family to yours!
Merry Christmas to you Rand and to the person that got you the L Ron Hubbard Collection jacket and mock turtle. Lookin good!
thank you Senator, same to you and your family.
Merry Christmas to you 
Merry Christmas doc!
from our house to yours, Merry Christmas
Merry Christmas to you and your family.I want to see you help Trump #DrainTheSwamp. Honor your father's legacy.
Back at ya Senator! From Unwavering Idaho. "Better to die fighting for freedom then be a prisoner all the days of your life."
You're the one Senator I respect sir. Please keep fighting for what is right.
Senator Paul, Merry Christmas to you, your family & friends 
- false heart warming wishes after being a part of corrupt negotiations
merry Christmas, Senator. May you have a productive New Year.
A Great Merry Christmas, and a very Happy New Year, to you and your Family, from beleivers in Knowledge and Truth living in Canada
please keep your ideals, and keep our country great!
merry Christmas rand
Christmas too
Merry Christmas Senator
Right back at ya.. Merry Christmas
