Can we get the Brence Spence Bridge replaced ASAP before it falls in the Ohio River?
great, just freakin' great...the wife @SenateMajLdr nothing says draining the swamp like nepotism...
.@bosseone2 Chao's record at Labor was understated, unglamorous, but very effective. Champion for smaller, efficient gov, and anti-cronyism
she's married to @SenateMajLdr an abject failure to conservatiives!!! remember...trump paid off mcconnell & boehner in '13 &'14
If @RandPaul says @ElaineChao is a great pick, then she must be a great pick. I look forward to working with Chairwoman Chao within #transit



what does McConnell have on you?
I have a good feeling about her.
@alllibertynews  @ElaineChao  LOL , mabey Elaine Chow Mow can fix Mitch's face with the transportation funds , cause damn 
I'm sorry that was not a nice thing to say , I apologize but Mitch should be a Democrat TG he's not
RP I like you how much of this is true about Chao  https://www.thenation.com/article/elaine-chao-ruined-department-of-labor-picked-to-ensure-safety-of-nations-trains-planes-and-automobiles/ …
on crumbling bridges, decaying roads, rotting old train tracks & decayed ancient train system?
With jobs rate under 5% jobs push is foolish! At 5% no skilled labour for infrastructure projects. Will need Mexicans!
Brent Spence Bridge
#StandWithRand
Please block any SCOTUS nominees that threaten to harm freedom of the press and speech. We will hold you accountable..
Why is Rand not under consideration for SOS? @realDonaldTrump
shady appointment! So much for draining that swamp!!
sorry Sir, she is Mrs. SwampThing
married to the turtle and could care less about safety regs. Another ridiculous pick
I see that Trump's strategy for "draining the swamps" involves hiring all the snakes and alligators who never left it
swamp draining of the liberals
So....Bush Administration II? I guess that's one way to "shake things up"....by bringing back all the old
Not everyone is a snake.  Relax.
You're right. Mitch McConnel is a turtle, and this is the wife of that turtle, a lifetime bureaucrat
If Rand likes her then I like her. The Paul family are true constitutionalists imo
Not a good choice - As Sec of Labor she tried to tamper with the Working Stiff's Overtime Pay
more swampfill. BTW, is the new SoD a Neocon? Here, let me google that for you... http://lmgtfy.com/?q=Mattis+neocon … #notdrainingtheswamp
I am sure Trump could not wait for your approval.
. just found out her husband is the famous turtle lol
Sec of State!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
We shall see! ACTION SPEAKS LOUDER THAN WORDS! Secure the border! As for infrastructure, cut government to pay for it.
excellent!
Yikes!   Her husband is part of the problem !!! I thought we were supposed to drain the swamp!   No more insiders!!!
with the return of earmarks and her appointment, KY's roads should be lined in gold in the next 4 years.
Why do we need a central planning dept for Transportation? #SeparationofStateandTransportation #Freedom
I am sure you get this all the timeYou should actively be pushing for the sec of state jobNo contest against you no more globalist
she has received $ from Iranian terrorist group to give speech. are u OK with that?
Trump wants more jobs for Americans, but Elaine Chao was born in Taiwan. #JobsForAmericans #BirtherScandal
https://youtu.be/F1IrXYS9  
PLEASE  DONATE  SMALL  FUND  TO  DEVELOP " DHUPKHEDA".  SRI  SAI  SEVA  FOUNDATION.
she received money from a former Iranian terrorist group!! She wouldn't be the right person to put in charge!!
#randforsecretaryofstate
I believe that there could be better options. I think there are more educated professionals to take care of this role
Yeah those Harvard grads had it easy
we must rebuild U.S. put us back 2 good jobs again no WAR US FIRST
is a bureaucrat, not a builder. Bad choice, unless U R Foghorn Leghorn (@SenateMajLdr). @PPennypacker @craigscolorado
Very smart lady. Waiting for #HoaxingMedia to smear her over something really stupid. #MAGA
surprised to hear you are friends with mitch mcconell's wife
soon as I seen she was CEO I was digusted.
lets face it.Trump is a flip flopper with no back bone.I can not sup him any more
Mitch McConnell 's wife.  I dont think so.  Good grief Rand.  Are you kidding me?
draining for real.
This is  a  Big  Swamps
@Rockprincess818 Maybe this is political horse trading. After all, Elaine Chao is Mitch McConnell's wife.
Ummm... Mitch's wife? Rand. I have cousins in Lexington. Really?!
not overly excited  about this pick.
indeed a excellent choice
WIFE OF RINO MITCH COME ON NOW ANOTHER FING CROOK
Meet the new swamp, same as the old swamp? #draintheswamps
we could do better Rand. Sorry. She already her chance to affect meaningful change, improvement in govt.
Please fix @wmata they are a disaster and an actual threat to public health. They killed someone last year!
looks it's an Establishment love fest, even the Dems like Axelrod love her, Globalism lives, lil people screwed again
A transportation secretary keeps globalism alive?
I am skeptical of ANYONE who had ANYTHING to do with United Way!
So you will make sure she doesn't give all infrastructure to private contractors? Oh wait you're a libertarian lol
my hope is that we can find the funding needed without further bankrupting our country. #budget
Just a few facts ;
http://www.justfacts.com/nationaldebt.asp … 
Live debt clock , 1500, monthly for 30 yrs @ 4%
http://www.usdebtclock.org/ 
Why an establishment person who has already been around the block as labor secretary?
Trumps cabinet is looking like Charlie's Angels 2.0
Great.  One normal appointee (from "the swamp").  Don't take your eye off the ball Senator!
well someone's gotta be excited
Terrible pick.
Devolve transportation and gas tax back to the States. Fire majority @DeptOfTransportation
