Yes, but focus on the wealthy!  Trickle on down, baby! 
no. fair cannot be determined by income relativity. It's unfair to tax higher for those who work harder
Yes, everyone pay zero and run the government via donations! 
I've never made this claim. But a clear and simple tax code would be great. Eliminate loopholes. And progressive taxes.
Does your vision shield the wealthy and their capital gains as the current system does, so a mechanic pays more than millionaires?
15% across the board. For everyone. No matter what they make. No tax breaks. Other than maybe some incentives around donations.
no more 50000 page tax code. Get rid of the IRS (or 90% of it) SIMPLIFY.
But capital gains at a lower rate than middle class income, right?
You have had years to do this and did nothing.  @BreitbartNews
he has done what he could in his role. Look at his voting record.
not sure I should even pay taxes while we have a #minorityPresident who hasn't paid in years.
Don't, Taxation is Theft
I respectfully disagree. I believe taxes are part of our social contract. But leaders must lead by example.
Every hot girl must have sex with me, cause they are obligated by muh social contract
Much better to cut government spending and stop printing money not supported by increases in productivity . . .
yeah lets cut taxes so we wont have any fit roads, schools, assistance for the poor etc. That is greedy Paul !
NO, RAISE TAXES ON THE GREEDY RICH.
nothing more pathetic than a greedy racist Trump supporter.
curious as to why "tax cuts"always translate to "catering to those who make the most"?Just once would like to see ginormous tax...
cut for the middle class..u know,the ones who produce t/labor for those u cater too?A cut that does not include the 1%.
Dear Senator, how can you push so hard against deficit with one hand and then push for tax cuts with the other?
must cut taxes but we also need to start cutting government! Government waste should be illegal and gets jail time!
You won more electoral votes than Gary Johnson
It was his dad everyone my b , which is actually more funny. Y u no VP tho rand :/
As Milton Friedman said, Taxes aren't the problem, spending is the problem.
Just look at Kansas to see how well that works.  Idiots!
Stupid is, stupid does - See Kansas, etc!
Please tell this to all the other GOP senators threatening to hold up the tax cuts.  Keep up the good work Senator.
No cuts till wars and debt are paid off, this borders on ridiculous.
don't forget to send lots of Federal employees on extended leave
@starlasworld  Absolutely! Go bold! End all taxes!. If we need $ for military (etc), just print some up! What could go wrong?
If you do not want to kill the Republican Party be careful what you do with true Medicare
The middle class need the best tax cuts not the rich at the top. Check out how MN turned their state around.
#MakeTaxationTheftAgain
Cut a couple and ELIMINATE the rest.
Don't just cut them: End Them! Like the Fed, #TaxationisTheft
I would eliminate estate and property taxes and slash income tax.
I would cut it all and operate off donations
But what about the $19 TRILLION IN DEBT?????
I'm with ya!! Let's do it!!
@veganvecoh @BreitbartNews And let's not forget about the retirees.  We worked our adult lifetime for this time, no stress needed
cutting taxes is a bad idea taxes need to be a little higher so our infrastructure does not crumble
. Cut taxes for the poor first.
and link the cuts to agency cuts
if I'm looking as his plan correctly, my wife and I will pay $2,000 more in taxes...not everyone pays less
YES!! and Destroy Obamacare please!! Help our businesses flourish & prosper, reduce regulations!
Please do yes we support u let's do this.. #StandWithRand
Cut taxes? Why not cut military spending and you'll cut taxes with one fell swoop. Sane reasoning heh
for sure on tax cut. Also send education back to states with no federal funding. No funding for illegals.
Yes! Let's cut taxes for the working poor of this country and raise taxes on people like you and the rest of the 1% #youarenotaDR
lets cut government
yea cutting taxes has always shown to work... 
You had taken  20 Trillions  dollars  from Social  Security  funds . Now you going have haft  the money come in.
Great idea, Republicans had eight years to do this - instead you give away the Internet and push the leftist agenda
@donniemcclure71 @BreitbartNews Yes let's do  Merry Christmas 
how will you bring in revenue. How about a very regressive VAT tax?
How about a growing economy? How about bring back 2 trillion dollars? Need to get from under Bubble.
Trumps plan of massive tax cut we've done that before with Bush.
will you also cut my Medicare, Social Security and all essential spending?
RP said he'd cut every penny of corporate welfare before even thinking about that.
how does he define corporate wefare
giving corporations tax dollars.
the best tax cut a corporation could have is if they weren't responsible
universal healthcare IS corporate welfare, for insurance companies.
it should not be up to corps to provide health care it should be paid by people
with employment taxez
how about fairtax?
Go Big orGoHome, 8yrs of wreckless regulations choking growth& wages is criminal
As someone who has voted for you in 2010, and a constituent of yours, I am unfollowing you for legitimizing Breitbart.  Disgrace
But drastically raise taxes on the entertainment world because you know they care sooo much about our country.
Only if you start with the military. Lots of fat to be cut.
New Year's Toast!
gitra get rid of illegals refugees getting college food housing free.
Let's start 2 cut down bureaucracy in all agencies starting with the Pentagon&charade of investigating #pow issue
Republicans were the fiscal hawks. return to fiscal hawks. cut spending, balance budgets. watch prosperity return
Which is awesome.
cut taxes AND SPENDING!!!...cutting taxes is easy politics...cutting SPENDING IS THE WORK!!
@SpeakerRyan A great start is getting rid of Tax Shelters for DJT, Millionaires, Billionaires.That's Big and Bold.
Build the wall, strengthen e-verify, cut off ALL government funds for illegals. THEN we can talk about taxes. #MAGA
Like Brownback in Kansas? How's that trainwreck workout? We're still waiting for the elevator to hit bottom.
DECIMATE the DEA, DHS, Dept of Education, and the TSA
What about the debt, Rand?
Why not? Now that we have a pres who is expert at bankrupting entities, why not bankrupt America?
Yeah, let's cut taxes bigly!
this weak leader  trying to save his job after NOT SUPPORTING #Trump @BreitbartNews
THANK YOU, Dr. Paul; Let's hope they listen to you.
Working man & private bussiness' es are drowning.
~ get lost randy
this is a terrible idea
YES Please!!!
I think we can accept taxes when they're going to real, understandable projects. Not waste.
- old lady in wa state
make sure the spending cuts are commensurate ..
Sure but can we do something about this spending problem?
#FairTax
AMEN
Dont worry about that go 2 the pizza parlor with your buddys james and podesta WINK! WINK!
I like it, man. Let's also end the Fed, abolish CIA
Merry Christmas God Bless USA. 
I'd prefer you just close loopholes and then solve waste before you start cutting revenues and inc the deficit
oops, linking a hate site
Support President Trump & vote to confirm all of his nominees. Then the sky's the limit.
