Clinton is most likely to take us to war. The next President should respect the Constitution. http://time.com/4345172/rand-paul-congress-war-amendment/ … #debatenight
Hildabeast makes up crap as she goes along and tries to pass it off as law. She has no business anywhere near the WH.
How can she say she has been fighting for Women and Children but takes money from countries that abuse women and children?
She's only good at starting them...
rather she traveled 112 countries cuz it was free on taxpayer $$ to smooze countries to donate to foundation! Every trip was $$$$$
add in the heroin epidemic. imports smuggled in mass- prob through military routes
hillary declared all options (even military) on the table, to fight cyber crime/warfare.
But NO, no troops allowed fighting ISIS
Valid point @RandPaul.& Why no questions re:Clintons'"foundation"& #MilitaryIndustrialComplex & #PrisonIndustrialComplexes=#Prisons4 Profit?
the loser has spoken
I can name 3 that BOTH candidates want a war with.
No, that's silly. How about a list of all the countries Saudi arabia wants us to be at war with?
This is no laughing matter, if she wins she will go to war with Russia. Her #Globalist masters demand a 3rd world war!
lol
@shaz_Insafiyan probably already decided by policy makers who to go war with regardless who will be b next president.
Hillary is a neo-con and wants WWIII with Russia apparently with a no fly zone over Syria. NUTS!!
Listed in the #HillaryHub amongst her e-mails...
Pretty sure @realDonaldTrump would have us in nuclear war with those counties and devoid of allies
@PJMorum Brilliant.
absolutely savage
@lish0531 it's time you endorse trump
...as an independent voter, I have agreed with you on some issues...you are correct
Trump will fix America. He has stamina and he the RIGHT temperment for being POTTS. LOVE 
BILL GOING TO USE HILLARY IF SHE WINS TO DO WHAT HE DID NOT GET TO DO WHILE HE WAS PRESIDENT.
Donald trump looked very mature in the debate today and particularly in response to Hillary.
@riwired Thats Dumn Of You
don't be a hater

What?
.@RandPaul did your sour grapes become wine? You're drunk, go home.
.@RandPaul bullshit. I used to respect you, but you're full of it. 
Are you still relevant ?
I said the same thing. #NeverHillaryClinton
Will you sit down with @realDonaldTrump  to help him for the next debate?> @KellyannePolls  @StephenBannon
@minerjp Hey Rand. Where was you candidacy for Libertarian party. Some might say, put up or shut up...not me...but some:)
you're ridiculous
I'm sorry that there are people on here trying to disparage one of our only moral congressman I don't understand it
funny, it it wasn't terrible
delete your account
I really don't think you believe that.
@OldSkull65 that was awesome#MAGA
@iowa_trump she can't ! They haven't wrote checks yet. 
.@RandPaul dude how in the world are u supporting Trump I thought u were principled
Trump doesn't need to list the countries we'd be at war with; he'd have us at war with the world... @RandPaul #debates
tool

NEW DEBATE GAME

SNORT A LINE OF COKE EVERY TIME TRUMP SNIFFS.

…
i hate you
Uzbekistan had it coming, Rand.
#debates
wish you were up there kicking her butt Dr. Paul!
@realDonaldTrump is constantly talking about where he'd be at war as well. He just pretends he wouldn't be.
don't get caught up in this...you are bigger than this. Coming from a lifelong democrat. I have respect for YOU. Stay gold.
I think you're right if she could have talked Obama into it when she was Secretary of State we would have been at war with them
war is profit for the Clinton's
I agree but she forgot to mention that she is at war with our own country. 
especially if she wants to keep relations with ISLAM
come on! Why aren't you challenging any of Trump's lies?
and you bowed out.......
Please come out and endorse Trump.  He needs all GOP to back him.  This women will not be happy until we are bombing everyone.
please fact check Trump as well and mention his no answers.  Fair is fair.  Niether candidate is Constituionally friendly.
Yes; all the countries she and Bill haven't made a killing in yet.
I don't think you honestly believe that.
you got that backwards.
at least she can name more than 3 countries
what country did she miss?
asshole
we miss you Rand...you should be up there!
I'd be surprised if Trump even can list 4 countries in the world. He didn't know where Crimea was 4wks ago
Spit him out...
Terrible choices for the voters.
again...you are tired...go to sleep!
And what about your party's candidate at war with our own people?! He wants to take my 2nd & 4th Amendments away. #TrumpMuppet
Youre the worst failed presidential candidate, in the history of failed presidential candidates.
As usual..Republican delusionism.
https://www.rt.com/uk/353577-spies-vips-privacy-tribunal/ …
she has unfinished business.
She' predictable... just another of her flaws...
?? You make no sense
Clinton has supported virtually every act of US militarism in her public career. Plus some we didn't go through with.
I think you have her confused with Trump.  If he's elected we'll be in another Republican sponsored war we can't afford
and would like donations from for her foundation
@RandPaul
We're already bombing half the middle east...what more do they want?
Trump is the one who hates America
Again, who are you?
We don't need to hear Trumps list because he plans to nuke anyone that looks at him sideways.
wait you're more  concerned with Hilary being hawkish than you are of trump?  That's just...  I can't even understand that logic.
she is doing what you and other republican couldn't , standing up against trump
I think we've gotten to the point where she clearly shows she's ready. @realDonaldTrump is rambling
Whoever bought her Risk as a child has a lot to answer for!
what countries, not a one.
I love your father and voted for him. It's just a shame that class isn't genetic. Ask him to show you the ropes.
What are you watching???
yes and 
what's the deal with Hillary's wandering eyeball?
dude, are you even listening to the debate, or just having a vivid dream?
shush!!!
zzzzzzzz no cares what you have to say.
It's like agony she says much of nothing talks in circles what she says isn't what she does. #debatenight #StandWithRand
thoughts on Trump wanting to keep troops in the middle east? Please don't be partisan when we need you most.
LET'S TAKE ALL THEIR OIL INSTEAD
meanwhile trump is doing what exactly? Blaming obama for everything?
does Trump have properties in any of them? Seems to be the places he wants to defend.
> this is just absurd Rand.
well why does Trump keep bringing up China!
Taking a tip from McCain.
Don't worry. If the Drumpf becomes President, once they insult his tiny hands, we will be. #debates #MakeDonaldDrumpfAgain
They'd both get us into a war. That's the thing that upsets me the most.
Sucks to be you right now. Golly is the flag bearer for the @GOP
you must be sad you good old friend Donald trump did not even prepare for the debate.
shut up
no one person makes you follow, so you shut up.
You couldn't even get on the stage with her. Why do I care what you think.
from the look who came in 17th in a 16 person race
I think that includes everyone, including the USA itself!
As opposed to arming Iran with nukes?
don't you have Monday Night Football to watch
first take you out
NONSENSE
nope that is Trumps job #debates
you are exactly correct
Countries will hate Trump more than Hillary Clinton. #Fact  Trump is impulsive and delusional
maybe is it were a 3 hour debate.
?
thanks dr
shut up
I think you mean Trump
this is unbelievable. She is so dangerous to the world, it's insane. #Debates2016
There is still time for you to denounce Trump. And why wouldn't you. He mocked you relentlessly. Stand up Rand for yourself!
go home to momma or stand up for yourself
and Donald wants to be at war with them #All..
and rattles off all the really hard to pronounce names
hahahahaha
Shut up Rand Paul nobody cares what you think.
reached the point in the debate where I'm looking for property in the Southern Hemisphere.

jealous much
Yep.  She's itching to bomb and blast more countries.  It's all about the power dahling!
how can you support this man who belittled you
I think we've reached the point where we still have no idea what the hell @realDonaldTrump plans to do as President 
are those the same countries she takes contributions from
How come you had no witty answers when you were on the debate stage with Trump'
are we watching the same debate?
, @realDonaldTrump would do the same if he could name more countries than China or Russia. #debatenight
Shut up
and trump has mentioned Mexico and China more times in the first 15 minutes than any other debate.
OH SHIT 

give it a rest, senator.
Do you support Gary Johnson?
explain please
negotiation tactic? $$ talks and she listens
Do you support Trump's implied friendliness with Russia?
#debatenight what else does she have to work with
and those the #ClintonFoundation has taken money from.
