wrong, the war on coal is a war for global survival
What caused the earth to enter and exit ice ages millennia ago? Darn those dinosaurs for mining and burning coal.
the Dinosaurs are the oil, pick a book when you have the time
Are we god to think we can control the climate of a planet that evidently was here before us and will be after us?
we definitely control what we do with the planet in terms of emissions, there were none before the Industrial Age
So what put the earth into patterns of ice age, thawing, ice age, thawing before man?
again, you really seem misinformed. Ice ages take thousands of years. Global warming is fast  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ice_age 
There are as many 'scientists' against global warming as believe in it. It's changed names to climate change mind you.
The coal industry had their chance. They made their bed when they decided the Clinton Foundation was not something they'd support
Sad that an industry is destroyed for not playing the games of crooked politicians.

Trump, Hucklebee, and Cruz have all said that they ant to put H&R Block and the tax preparation industry out of business.
Tax industry is built around a government bureau that never should have been formed #passthefairtax
That does not alter the point I was making. Paul said gov should NEVER do that.
No but progress will. How many blacksmiths or stage coach drivers do you know? Your job -create sustainable jobs.
@alllibertynews @RandPaul I'll bet there are more blacksmiths than there are "anarchist" telling a Senator to create jobs
Do you really think the best thing for these people is to continue working in coal mines?
Yes, unless you think we should take it from them for their own good? That your idea of freedom?
You are not free and your rights are not inalienable, whatever you choose to believe.  @alllibertynews @RandPaul
My rights are inalienable, rights arent taken, they are surrendered. Priveleges are taken
He's not. How 'bout you!
By the way. Rand is an Eye Surgeon. Check out his College Creds. Most people would like to be that Stupid.
And what makes Hill better? She's serial Liar. Put's the Country at risk with own server.And gives favors for $ to other interests
Just thought so. In my mind, we have 2 very bad choices.
Those Bastards! for real man!
and West Virginia Hatfield's and McCoy's unite against Hillary.
@alllibertynews Hmm, sure Dr.? White slavery, Prostitution bondage, Chinese in containers, sweat shops from NYC to LA? Industries?
it's a business is killing people then maybe government or the police should step in no?
@VSullivan4NH absolutely correct
@alllibertynews we know our role, join us
http://www.veteranspartyofamerica.org  #VPofA #VPA @RonPaul @Schwarzenegger
I think you meant to say: ...put an industry "in or" out of business*. @RandPaul Like ur pops, i'm counting on u.
Sorry - coal is dead and it should be. 100% of our energy (pun intended) on harnessing and reducing the cost of renewable energy.
for real? What about the common good?
bullshit. Why don't you teach people to build windmills and solar panels
there is no war on coal, "its the economy stupid", coal is just not viable against other sources.
Can u tell me why ONE person can do so much damage in a THREE BRANCH government. Govt dying-debt still increases.
@rdlln ... not only Kentucky, how 'bout W. Virginia,  Pennsylvania, Wyoming, Minnesota, 
Michigan, Ohio, Tennessee and Indiana?
Yet another reason why Hillary is deplorable, she wants to regulate an entire industry out of existence @ronnilingerfelt @RandPaul
and on West Virginia!
@_The_j It's a useless war on America. It's egotistical to think we can control earth forces. Dinosaurs passed too much Gas, damn
NO! The war on coal is an attempt to save our planet! Kentucky doesn't get to make that call! OBSOLETE Industries die! Face it!
Your party does not matter only your principles!  Rand Paul has my respect and if ever the chance again my vote!
That's not true. What about the asbestos industry?  You make no logical sense.
The War on Coal is also a war on free markets, economic freedom and freedom in general. #marketswork
no it's a war to save the environment!
Anything they can do to destroy this country. Make America great Again.Go Trump.
even if it's destroying the earth jobs over life
@occupycorruptDC you should be endorsing #Trump2016 then
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
- If we determine coal or tobacco industries are harmful, why not offer vocational training for alternative jobs and businesses.
and West Virginia and Pennsylvania
The Lord will destroy the people who destroy the Earth. No, it's not governments job to do his work for him. Still you play God. @RandPaul
Yes sir you are right I have many Friends that live in Kentucky
treason is making war on one of the united states
@LibsRCrazy War also on West Virginia, Pennsylvania, Ohio. All coal producing states.
quit lying to ur people. tell them to retool with education. n/g is cheaper than coal in abundance. cheaper to retrieve/transport
Government shouldn't be dictating to our schools, running health care, fighting unconstitutional wars, and the list goes on and on
@Ranger_Up like the slave industry and asbestos industry?
Then you better back Trump @RandPaul @barbiesewandsew and stop the crap
a war on coal is a war for the environment.
the government put coal out of business?
#StandWithRand
come on, RP, that's evolution in energy.
@AZWS they want this because if they put these ppl out of work, they can make them dependent on the govt. That's their goal.
if it kills thousands of ppl a yr then it is the gov's job. What would be more important than protecting it's citizens? #greed
If an industry is threatening the future of a nation & the world, then it is the gov't's duty to eliminate that threat
Yet pres cand Hill PROMISES to put industry and miners out of work. Cool. #womanofthepeople
it should never be the role of an industry to put a generation on the brink. The war for coal is a war on humanity.
The #GreenDeal replaces jobs and honours the #ParisAgreement , what's not to like ?
unless it is the industry of corruption!
come on Dr. Paul get the lobs run out of Dodge!
oops! My msg was supposed to say run the libs out of town!
And he has done zero to stop it.
Agree, @RandPaul! DEA is trying to put #IAmKratom out of business w/o public comment. This will devastate THOUSANDS!
Coal is toxic. No industry has the right to poison the planet
As a doctor did you not take an oath to do no harm? How can you morally support an industry that contributes to poor health?
The role of government should be to look out for the welfare of those it governs. If that means killing a bad industry, so be it.
get with the times and quit polluting the world
he's "building jobs" ... the left has a silent war on the working class, which is ironic.
what if the industry is like human trafficking?  can the government intervene on that?
and West Virginia
By that logic, government should never keep an industry in business either. But you want to give them breaks.
and Trump's war on the car industry is the exact same thing.  So sad our choices are so bad.
Clinton and Obama have to destroy some more jobs before he's out of office because Clinton won't be in the new office!
& a war on West Virginia and Pennsylvania. Beware of @HillaryClinton hardworking coal miners.
the "war on coal" is an attempt to shift America's employment landscape toward greener jobs
this is a shame. Hard working people and families will be hurt. #biggovernment hurts too many people.
Unfortunately, we all breathe coal's stinky air. Ppl in KY must takesteps to retrain the workforce for new jobs.
sad how our government is treating the coal miners.
pennsylvania, West Virginia and Ohio too
Hillary Clinton said that all employees who were working in the coal industry wld be given government subsidised re-training. @randpaul
It's also an attack on Missouri as well.
Fuck coal
your lack of acceptance of coal mining reality when hailing from that state is just plain scary.
Its a war on the American people!
The Government is at war with all hard working, patriotic Americans!
the war on #kratom is a war on America.
@SavannahL817 
Yeah I kinda wondered what part of PA  that BHO dared show his face in...
there is no "War on Coal" that is a political catch phrase.
Gov't is promoting gen welfare & securing The blessings of liberty 2 ourselves & our posterity w/ policies 2 protect health/envmnt
very true!!!
exactly #standwithrand
coal bad
fuck you, teach them how to do something else you asshole
or you could help in KY embarrassing new manufacturing into solar and batteries
retrain your citizens for future growth Rand, don't be that guy!
The time to bring this up was when Obama promised to destroy the coal industry - do nothing republicans
you supported Lamar Alexander who supports Obama's War on Coal... deal with it
Eastern Kentucky should secede. Urban hipsters and know-it-alls have no business deciding its future. They're clueless.
Correction it should never be the role on an industry to destroy an entire planet
It is the role of government to regulate activities that are detrimental to their population.
Let we the people decide if we want coal energy or not.  Don't let the bureaucrats decide for us.
They're also attacking vaping.
You think her hidden backers are behind it
What about the heroin industry? Crack? People are making a lot of money in those.
must vote Trump
