I hope to hear this said not by not a spoiled Libertarian man-child, but by an adult who believes in responsible governance.
What a juvenile comment. Responsible governance would be following their own rules. Something you must not grasp.
Most sentient humans outgrow Libertarianism in their early teens. @RandPaul is an exception.
Freedom is only for people in their early teens? I guess someone forgot to tell the founding fathers.
Libertarians define "freedom" as having no responsibilities to the rest of our society-just like  early teens. @GotchYaSon
government should force us to do what's best for society? In other words, society's needs come before the individual's needs?
You're a genius! Welcome to adulthood.
you do realize that's a quote from Hitler, right?
How many emails did Bush "accidentally" delete from the private RNC server?
Does that have anything to do with this ? The FBI decided to investigate, not Rand. Where's Dub's FBI investigation?
WRITE IN BERNIE SANDERS IN NOVEMBER.  TRUMP IS NUTS HILLARY IS A CRIMINAL BERNIE IS THE ONLY HOPE FOR FAMILIES & STOP WAR FOR FUN
and Bernie is socialist SCUM
I guess your against social security, Medicare, college, highways, bridges hospitals&doctors all are socialist pgrms
as they are now...yes. We don't need government for any of them
@PJWay1 agreed. Remind me, how long did Karl Rove serve for deleting 22 million government emails? Oh, right…
How does Karl Rove's actions make Hillary's any less wrong?
not talking about HRC. Talking about hypocritical outrage from politicians. Cricket chirps when Rove did it.
You're also posting this on the thread of a politician who was giving eye surgery when Rove was in office.
fair observation. more frustrated with politics generally than  @RandPaul specifically. It's become a gutter sport
I just think u couldn't of found a person more distant from typical GOP to of posted it to. But that's ur right.
In 2008 the American people allowed a Racketeer named Obama to be fraudulently elected to the Presidency.
Wahhhhh.... Go do something constructive.
Yup @HillaryClinton needs to be behind bars. #HillaryForPrison
She should be banned from government, please can we not do something about her?
idk bro. I'm like a little bit  but there is the bigger issue of guns in America . What's your position on this ?
@alllibertynews @RandPaul Before guns ppl were killed with other weapons.
not 46 at once  bro !
justice in America is a farce.
#standwithrand
Clintons are immune to laws!  She can"t be shown Confidential or Security info...NO PRESIDENCY for her!!
Hillary should be locked up. Every business person knows if you do not follow procedures and SOP's you get fired
Did u come  w/that all by urself  Must of hurt  Catching  2 w/American's have been screaming @ u gov officials  Open ur 
@realDonaldTrump please RT we need action on #BLM violence! This appears to be gathering steam http://petitions.whitehouse.gov//petition/form …
They believe only in how they want America to become.  And their not going away very soon.
The Obama Admin. along with now Dir. Comey are ANARCHIST in AMERICA. They place no value to the Constitution and it's laws.
True so true sad days rule of law died July 5 2016 thanks to criminal Clinton disgustin Rand hope u can fix it soon.. #SWR
You are questioning Comey's integrity. He is a Republican and had no reason to favor Hillary.
I know several military people that got  Article 51 (?) for not following procedures, some are even serving time.
##
It's true we have 2 sets of laws, 1 for Congress & 1 for rest of us. Insider trading laws as just one example. Any comment there?
amerikkkan korruption
GOD BLESS TRUE AMERICANS IN THE GOVERNMENT THAT DEFEND OUR STATES AND ALL
THE VOTERS/PEOPLE THANK YOU
#TRUMP4
Hillary's E-mail on Cash Flowed to Clinton Foundation Amid Russian Uranium Deal . http://www.nytimes.com/.../cash-flowed-to-clinton …...
@alllibertynews Are you even listening to Director Comey's testimony?
@marilyncole5 this is an embarrassment to our county.
most of our forefathers believed in Liberty , more than strict government control, you are on!!
well said!
Patreus gave away classified ON PURPOSE. Big difference.
why you are not the next president?
@willdit todaywill be nothingbut lipservices andashowfor thepublic.IT's RIGGED NOTHING WILL BE DONE elites
You should have been the 2016 presidential candidate.
TRUMP/PAUL!
using rove as an example is stupid he isn't running for president
Average #Americans see complete  #hypocrisy in #Washington  Can't believe #HillaryClinton thinks she got away w/anything #shameful
- Please, man, you gotta unsuspend! We need you! #ForLiberty
@CivilRights Loss for rule of law? When has the @USIndianAffairs had rule of law in the last 500 years?  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Manifest_destiny …
well said
Why has this not been RT 300 million times...
#Hillary deserves 2b in jail
She shud NOT be allowed double standard
#Hillary4Prison
Thank you Dr. Rand Paul!
BS! Since the 90s, Republicans have been trying to find something/anything spending hundreds of millions of taxpayer dollars on BS
@ToddBrunson  give it up
Time for you to filibuster again this time for Rule of Law.
Senator, what else is new? Comey's 60 Minutes interview states his loyalty for the rule of law but he allowed Banks the same leave
This was physiological warfare on the American people. They wanted to prove that their grip on power is above the law.
You said it perfectly! @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @HouseGOP #Trump2016 #TrumpTrain
Thank you for the courage & time to make this clear, rational, non partisan statement. Closed minded partisans commenting are lost
LOVE the video!  Add perjury to the list.  Trey needs to review this one too!  @TGowdySC  http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2016/07/05/hillary-clinton-committed-perjury-benghazi-committee/ …
You were the best of the original 17.  What an unfortunate mess we have.

not really, it's more of a check to the partisan political agenda that has choked the country
@GOPtoday True Story what is wrong with our government, we have to beg for justice? We are weak
She didn't get hacked while the rest of our government did. No computer/entity secure...see Sony, Target, banks. GOP degrades USA.
Oh please. Gop is the most corrupt of all, including pedophiles.Entire State Dept would need 2be arrested More witchhunts on my $
Well, pack your jammies and hold a sit-in until you get a #SpecialProsecutor. Yes, I mean you personally.
#FBI is running scared probably blackmailed with the long list of suicides associated with the Clintons
WAKE UP AMERICA
@unrulies I like u, u have good convictions regarding ending drug prohibition, privacy, net neutrality, wish u were pro choice
My speculation is, he's given us his "no confidence" vote w/this admin & DoJ. Congress, NDI & We THE People are the only hope.
@unrulies Thx Rand Paul! Will u consider being libertarian in our right to choose. Big Govt in our lady parts is not Libertarian
your a eye Dr. Stick to your profession let those in law enforcement do theirs
https://m.fbi.gov/#https://www.fbi.gov/sacramento/press-releases/2015/folsom-naval-reservist-is-sentenced-after-pleading-guilty-to-unauthorized-removal-and-retention-of-classified-materials …

Same thing Hillary did and he was prosecuted for it.  Help get this out Mr. Paul
how far back are you willing to go in regards to prosecuting politicians for violating email security.? Both sides are complicit.
#StandWithRand #UnSuspend #PresidentPaul2016
It truly is a sad day for America..When we SEE CRIMINALS walk free simply because of their name, their bribes, their pull..
I can't tell you how bad I wish you were the Republican nominee for President!
@realDonaldTrump
So sad that I naively thought this post was for #AltonSterling. So many of injustice in our country, so little done about it. Smh
ctory of our nation. That has to end.
ways. Her failure to carefully & tightly monitor her organizations & the presence of two set of laws imply a very precarious traje
& practices,heavy into discrimination & exclusion that seems to be Clinton's support base, that's why I said there's danger to her
do they think the American people are so gullible, who do they think they are
through a private server. The island pop composition is pre dominantly Asians & Micronesians w/ corrupt to very corrupt mindsets
I have been arrested for something I couldn't possible do, violating my civil rights. I sometimes wonder if the order was made
lived & worked there for 10 yrs. I briefly read your Wikipedia profile & learned of the Committees you chair--very impressive.
the ppl to be prosperous. The island practice is into force compliance, negative ctrl. I have been arrested for something I
couldn't possibly do, only worsening my neck, shoulder & back pain fr eschemia to the neck region. I earned a MS in Pharmacology
ssible, the absence of USD spending & accounting formula will only squander the funds by the gov't officials instead of helping
its ppl, yet there is very high level of welfare consumptions that cycle generationally. I don't want to change the currency if po
berately ignored. There's very little literacy on the island, the public sch sys seems to not want to provide good education for
ations or perhaps accept bribery at its worst to be biased, that's why I'm fighting for currency change if my cases here are deli
Geepers.  Donald Trump is way more if a security risk than she is.  What about previous SOSs?  #FanaticalPropaganda
as my cases were concerned. How effective the rulings if the Judge was biased. I sometimes wonder if the Judges here have qualific
If Republicans didn't cry wolf constantly, they would've had a chance to bring corrupt Clinton down, no one takes them seriously.
Speaking of the justice sys, the island of GU courts are fraught w/ corruptions. Judges are biased in the adjudication of cases as
and the last several years of Obama..as everyone in gov did nothing. What was this?
But you still have your rubber stamp!
Hillary Clinton should be in PRISON!#RememberBenghazi
AMEN!  I have lost total faith in all "law" decisions. Money talks, they walk! Ken Skeen
Also, the media, considered the 4th branch of government is in on it. The fix is in, 240 years of a republic by the people gone!!
@alllibertynews True. First Trump calls the judge Mexican, and now the Mexican has no say! This is terrible.
Bottom line is,the whole damn government is corrupt. All three branches, top to bottom. Our childrens future is on the line people
absolutely tanked any remaining faith in anything DC or media. #Hillary #Comey on our own now. Tyrants vs the people.
https://twitter.com/JeanetteJing/status/728925315695673345 …
In 2000, #Hillary2016 revealed her motive for the 2009 illegal email server: to hide from investigators.
In 2000, #Hillary2016 revealed her motive for the 2009 illegal email server: to hide from investigators. 
@realDonaldTrump Well Said Rand Paul, well said
- Thanks for producing this concise video outlining the problem of letting #HillaryClinton evade justice.
Is there any chance you could appoint a special prosecutor and  charge Hillary?
Also, can the special prosecutor charge Lynch and Comey as accessories after the fact?
#oneLawForAll One Law for ALL the people!
this is how i feel now

(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻
You couldn't say it any better, it is a sham and these Democrat politics are against everything America stands for
we need saddam
we missed out on the chance to have this man as our president this year...
Faith in justice system degraded for other reasons (police brutality, civil forfeiture, little/no access to defense atty, etc.)
very well said senator.
oh fucking please, the last time we talked about emails it was the RNC deleting millions of emails saving the VP and...
sacrificing Lewis Libby who was pardoned escaping justice for actual willful intended disclosure of a top secret covert operative.
chop that up and throw it in your I want to get reelected down ballot dunce hat.
we are going to talk about the secretary of states private email server what the fuck about the former presidents RNC run server?
how many classified emails did the RNC destroy that were exchanged on that fucking server? Out of millions of deleted emails?
you are not exactly batting a thousand here, coercing the AG while in a incapacitated state, deleting millions of emails, 2 wars.
you would think after the last series of stunts republicans pulled they would realize they are better off not opening their mouth.
Why is it if the pendulum doesn't swing your way it's degradation? Republican obstructionism is degradation of rule of law.
Lynch, Obama, Comey is not a justice system - it's a soon to be 3rd world banana republic
thank you for a clear and concise review.  I miss that. To be fair,  it only reinforced my beliefs re the DOJ and special treatmnt
Tomorrow, expect nothing but grandstanding from @jasoninthehouse as usual. This is where it gets embarrassing for the @GOP
injustice everywhere. http://Www.holtzclawtrial.com  This must stop!
because @realDonaldTrump would NEVER do something like that, right?
did he say that? Ra d has been critical of Trump as well.
no. it's an ominous joke.
thank you for sharing the truth.  I can only hope others will so the same....
Yes!  Rand is a savage!  #StandWithRand
#UnqualifiedHilary , #CarelessHilary
are you apologizing to @Snowden ?
Unless congress stops her. Elites will allow her to finish the destruction of America that Obama started:
YES Elite want Hillary to destroy our nation. Write in Bernie he will save families, unions, jobs, colleges & kids
You have Trump , how about faith in common decency?
That would b a profound statement except for the fact that there's nobody that doesn't know that.
wish you would be vp! You are super smart and HONEST, something we desperately need!
amen. I'm so disgusted. It couldn't be more corrupt.,
angry about the Alton Stirling shooting huh? Oh no wait it's just some bullshit
: I see what you did there. Bravo
thanks dude
Wha! No background check on Dir. Comey laundering mex. cartel drug money at HSBC? MSM what fukin reporters...presstitutes
as is nothing being done about DNA endlessly altered.
We have no faith left.
what do we really do? Government  is corrupt!
