Repeal Obamacare and screw over tens of millions of people? Thanks for promising to kick kids with cancer off of their health ins!
low income kids are covered with medicaid or a highly subsidized insurance plan.
Yes, which is a product of CHIP, a government program.
Which is not Obamacare, and you knew that, meaning you're a liar appealing to emotion.
Not so. Medicaid/ACA and CHIP go hand in hand.
Medicaid existed before the ACA. So did CHIP.
ACA encompasses and expanded both.
Further down the rabbit hole?
haha #GOP will spend like drunken sailors now they own house/senate/WH just like Bush/Cheney did
It's maniacal to laugh at that, knowing how much of a bad thing it would be were it to happen. Unless you hate the US.
I laugh but it's a sad laugh, the two party system and all the $ in politics has set the path and no escape now :(
We'll see about that.
@tubbysan u will do what @realDonaldTrump wants u to do!!!
#wrong
but if you don't replace Obama Care people actually die. You know from no health care....
It's much more complicated than what your viewpoint makes it out to be.
it's really not. People all die because of it. I'm not a supporter of ACA, but they need an idea first.
Thank You! Tell up there in Congress that we shall remember who votes for to #RepealAndReplace
It's bad enough you gave us W. Now you side with Republicans who want to disrupt, dismantle & destroy govt. agencies? Revolting.
starting a go fund me site to pay for healthcare bills shouldn't be an option in 2017 when you repeal Obamacare.
@alllibertynews @TIME How many CR's did You vote for while #obama was in office ? Bit of hypocrisy there
When was the last time The US Senate actually voted on a budget 2008-2009?
Love that
+ I'd vote to repeal you!
What is your plan for the 20m Americans presently on Obamacare? And pre existing illnesses?
Theft of wealth from future generations should be a crime! @RandPaul
ALERT TRUMP U DONT NEED THE DEMS TO BALANCE THE BUDGET OR REPEAL OBAMACARE LISTEN TO RAND ON THIS ONE PLZ PAY ATTENTION!!
#StandWithRand thank u Rand thxu..
thank you!  Hope more are on this band wagon.  Time to cut costs!
You are just going to vote against everything and everyone aren't you?
Please vote no on Tillerson, America deserves better.. like @MittRomney
#RandPaul2020
you're a hero. Thanks for consistently standing by your principles.
thank you for fighting for #Kentucky and #America
a budget should be passed to limit government and it's power! Why would we stop pay to soldiers but Washington always gets paid!
fix it stupid. Don't just trash it
we paid you to take a stand. Where were you before. Get outa the way!
way to stick to ur principals!! Bravo
I work'd & paid into system until hurt on job. Got stuck with SSI bcuz gov denied my SSDI!? DON'T MESS WITH MY HEALTHCARE!!!
I agree with you on this, however I strongly disagree with your decision to not support John Bolton. Tell me what is your beef?
Bolton is a Neo-Con warmonger. I imagine that's his beef.
so your preference is a CEO with close ties to Vladimir Putin? So We need a patsy for Russia?
No. The CEO of ExxonMobile isn't qualified either.
our Obamacare premiums are crushing us financially. I could pay out of pocket to see a dr. 2x a month for LESS
A "plan" to balance budget...very clever Sir Rand.
how are we going to be able to set a budget after the last administration? What spending is out of control. more info plz
You were my guy until you dropped out. Now I remember why I liked you...
I can't imagine that Trump would sign simply because everything would be frozen during his entire term as President.
- Ten year plan .. outlaw govt unions and you balance the budget! .. oh! That's not PC ..
The logic & science Survey proof to challenge ROEvsWADE w/out new amendment- it can be used in State or Fed Court.
WILL U PUBLISH?
Go get 'em, Rand!
this is why we need senators like you in the Senate! Your not afraid to stand for what's right!
where has this "Rand" been for the last several budgets??
@kyliving @TIME for 8 years u enabled PBO to loot this country, now u get a backbone with a GOP President, give me a break
Good for you! We really need this.
"Plan" being the walk-back word.
good luck with that. We haven't had balanced budget since the technology boom
thank you
what if the plan simply raises taxes in order to balance the budget? Would you support that plan?
and replace it? or just let folks languish and die. Or perhaps, you would prefer a 'Logan's Run' approach.
Doc, it's not about Obamacare but 'bout people who can't afford to wait for the new protection plan to kick in.
You're the man Rand.
so you are now taking a stand???!Congrats! You've been in congress since 2011 (6 yrs). You are part of the problem sir!!!!
my grandchildren will thank you. Reduce the debt.
Thankyou. We need to get a hold of this National debt problem. Leave a better legacy to future generations.
"Why I will vote to repeal obamacare" Bc you're a republican?
so that's what your going to focus on? Not big Agricultural or Big Oil company subsides? Why?
Balancing the budget in 5 yrs should be the #1 priority to all. People with huge amts. of credit card debt should understand!
Good man, this is something all of America can support.
can you come help fix Illinois? @LOLIllinois
you are just as guilty as your DC pals. You tend to go quiet on REAL ISSUES.
everyone elected should be willing to die for what's right instead taking a check for what's wrong.
merry Christmas sir 
thank you sir for standing up for us all!!! Please run in 2020!!!
and protect our  Social Security too.
Sen. Paul, this column doesn't actually explain why you'll vote to repeal. This is a little disappointing given the title.
again as always looking for media attention. U were elected by people of Kentucky not anyone else and Kentucky matters .
If it's going to happen, now is the time. Do not make the mistake of waiting till after the next Congressional election.
thank God for common sense
America needs you to take a stand on Russia's invasion of our political system.  This is the moment for bravery #CountryOverParty
