Awwwe!!  Win the next election and you can pick who you want. Thats how it works. Until then cry yourselves to sleep.
you do realize people were blaming Hillary for being a warmonger when that's exactly what Bolton is?
No that is what U say he is,it doesnt make it so.All U butthurt democraps cant let go can U?
LMFAOOO do you not read news or anything??? Lmfao trump supporters are saying this is bad.
No they arent, Never trumpers maybe but not supporters.
supporting a candidate does not mean agreeing to everything, this choice seems bad
That is true, U dont have to agree wi everything, Bolton would be the most wonderful Sec Of St. He is very inelligent, he's needed.
sounds good. Not exactly what a lot of people see but good you know him so well.
Please stop pretending to be a a fair and balanced reporter! Your prejudice and bigotry is is obvious to us all
Oh you mean the one OBAMA never ended? That Iraq war!
Including 3 of my family members. I wasn't defending Bolton I was giving my opinion of Tapper. Just read my words!
Don't be ridiculous u know exactly what's going on over there!
I don't think Bolton, if picked would be allowed to make Presidential policy. He would reflect it.
I listen to Bolton every chance I get and have never heard him talk like a Bushie. Maybe I missed something.
NO to John Bolton...
Im 100% for that , it would be a masterful pick, and someone who wouldnt take Tappers liberal Crap
Let us know exactly who you DON'T want so we can pick them!!
God help us all if he picks Bolton.
Bolton looks like he could be the illegitimate son of Nancy Kulp (Beverly Hillbillies' Hathaway) and Captain Kangaroo.
#SecretaryOfState is @SenBobCorker 

Media just plain stupid :)
Dropping the pretense of objectivity now that your girl lost, eh?
if #JohnBolton is chosen will the #GOP accept him and will there be a major shake-up w/#HillaryClinton State?
I agree Senator Paul.  Don't need to go backwards to the Bush days. This man is a surveillance nightmare.
@LibertyCliff @RandPaul @Rare not for Bolton.
What a mess will be Trump cabinet. Pretty soon that will be like cock fighting.
OH! RUMORS!
Oh please be so!
You so called journalists spend too much time spreading rumors. DO YOUR JOBS FOR A CHANGE!!!!
@jasian12345 @RandPaul @Rare sit diwn Rand..you lost
I agree with Rand, Bolton is not a Good pick. Hope Trump drops that idea like its hot.
please don't speak for us "betrayed?" no #loveTrump
this country is seen as weak and declining. John Bolton will project strength and not weakness. Rand onboard!
John Bolton is a bad pick: agreed
John Bolton is truly a "prospect": disagreed
Thought Giuliani was the shoe in?
As I recall, not many voters wanted to listen to Rand on international affairs. Has that changed? Nah!
I 85% like Bolton....
best reason yet for him to get it
Hasn't this clown done enough damage for one lifetime?
agree with Rand Paul!
If @RandPaul invokes heaven over your foreign policy it generally means you have one, debate is good @Rare
I'm not a fan of this rumor either.
Well, somebody has to take out Iran, and I don't see anyone else stepping up to the plate.
I'd rather have @mbsings honestly
Wasn't Bolton the guy that didn't support the UN, and then GW made him ambassador to the UN?
god help us. fox runs world. good job jake. TRUMP LOST POPULAR VOTE
I think he will go w juliani
How many wars can we put the @realDonaldTrump administration down for?
don't you have some fake news story to cover? Don't you have another CNN cameraman to interview? Don't you have debates to rig.
Ambassador Bolton would be a WONDERFUL secretary of state.
YOU AND @cnn ARE BOYCOTTED, SO KEEP QUITE.
#NotoBolton
Is that an accurate quote, Dr. Paul? If so, it feeds into a propaganda machine looking for cracks in the GOP team.
Giuliani is a nightmare as well.
It wouldn't be the first betrayal (Bannon) and it surely won't be the last.
@LoveAndLightToU @RandPaul @Rare too bad you didn't cheat enough to get her elected so since she lost shut up and deal with it!
Don't do it ,dummy
No no no no no - NO !

...
#MAGA

I gotta agree with Rand on this one. Bolton is as "establishment" as it gets

He should stay at FAUX News
...Now comes the part where we Democrats throw our heads back and laugh. Next 4 years will be hysterical.
I hope you get caught in a RICO case with your @CNN cronies and @georgesoros. Will be a great day with you biased shits in jail
HEAVEN FORBID DO TRUST RAND HE IS NOT IGNORANT N KNOWS WHATHE TALKIN ABOUT TRUST RANDHE TOLDUS ABOUT RYAN HELLO
Eat a dick Jake Tapper
LOVE John Bolton for Secretary!! Excellent choice!
Very poor choice. However, why is Tapper such a dick?
he would be great
....@RandPaul for SecState!!!
there are too many loonies for the asylum.
Defense spending for defense, not "nation building", whatever that is.
Defense Spending Must Be For Actual Defense | @RonPaul

http://bit.ly/2eBZ3ya  
Well the other rumor is Giuliani and Sarah Palin can't be far behind,so does it really matter which Psycho it is
great choice
perfect choice
bolton is a nut case
Rumors are that Prez Elect Trump Is sitting in Prez Obama's Chair while he's visiting the Greek people.
Jake explain this to america https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CFYDmjEx5fo … how can you fake like that!?
70  Law Suits Pending
12yr Audit 0% Tax
11 Female Grab
MEXICAN University Judge
Racist @realDonaIdTrump
Pardon Self
@jaketapper
@RandPaul
Agreed.
I would rather have Michael Bolton
The Bolton being considered for SoS is Michael, not John. DJT is also going to command Seal Team 6 to play Barron's bday party.
Jake, He's trolling you with this.
Rand your shocked????
Not surprising Jake you would report this, I just heard it was Rudy..check sources or did you make it up?
And @CNN also reported that Bannon was going to b Chief of Staff. Need better "inside sources"
@RandPau If you told me 6 days ago that Giuliani Bolton would be considered of SOC, I would say you were crazy.
@randpaul since so many ppl said they wldnt serve him, his bench is thin.beggars can't be choosers. BUT can have some dignity.
if Paul Begala impregnated the National Enquirer - Jake Tapper would be the baby
This piece of crap should be banned from holding any political office.
no more neocons. We shouldn't be and can't afford to be the world's police.
Divide and Conquer doesn't work anymore. Find some real news. Leave your desk and go out into the world. Do Your Job.
...as if the side that loses will be happy w/ much of anything. non-starter arg here.
I love jake's new role: shit stirrer.  No need to do any real journalism when you can retweet other people's work
what's funny about this is similar was said of #Obama picks. Chatter about "stealth extreme liberalism" and the like.
Another out of touch establishment cold war hippocrit living vicariously through sacrifice of others
lol I am just a citizen but when are you "intelligent" people going to realize trump never gives details
I rather have his brother there
What’s the problem w/ Bolton?
, Bolton is a 1000 times better than that turd Kerry or that mega-turd of yours, Hillary.
Donald is doing this on purpose to get impeached. He just realized this is actual work he has to do now. 
Bolton would be a first rate Sec of State.
Please, please, no. I know I said bad things about Giuliani, but I take them back. Not Bolton, not now, not ever.
Rand is amazing. Principled and will stand up to Trump. Glad he is in office!
Please read this @transition2017
Please pass the popcorn & a rum surprise!  Poor Rudy.
