how did you vote concerning the coal miners benefits. Looks like the dems fought for them
no response?
Don't worry once Don gets in there will be no regs businesses & everyone can just start  tossing everything back in
If the overreach of the EPA is Un-Constitutional and contrary to the will of Congress, why isn't Congress acting to halt the EPA?
The EPA cannot legislate, @RandPaul. Aren't there rules in place to stop this madness?
Simply put, the proposed rule is breathtaking in its overreach, and flatly contrary to the will of Congress... http://thehill.com/opinion/op-ed/234685-epa-water-rule-is-blow-to-americans-private-property-rights …
I'm curious, why are you saying "proposed rule"? It was published 6/29/2015 & became effective 8/28/2015.
https://www.epa.gov/cleanwaterrule/final-clean-water-rule …
You drink the water too. You are a physician you know better.
Thank you for voting no to censorship.
The incoming president and administration is flatly contrary to the will of the people.  What are we paying you guys for again?
not really.. we the majority support him
#StandWithRand
this exactly why the EPA needs to be stopped.  It is way to into peoples business at a huge cost
to taxpayers.  Get them oit
Another Orwellian nightmare
because having clean water is such a luxury, come to Michigan.
...and then there's DJT, 1/20/2017.@RandPaul @drmom47
"Protocols of the Elders of Zion" published 1902 P.33 "we injected the poison of Liberalism into the organism of the state..."
#StandWithRand
Please do what's right for the country during the next 4 years & not give Trump unlimited $
Weren't 1% taxes higher during Reagan?
This is the NORMAL procedure for today's out-of-control Bureaucracy!
@SenateGOP need to push Trump to CUT BACK it's the only way.
So do something about it! Congress is a bunch of spineless elites. You've been letting Barry the communist get away with murder

Puleez move 2 Flint, Mich. & stay thirsty, drink lots of water, stay hydrated, buddy. Keep protecting rich Libertarian landowners
Flint was caused by government controlled water.  You make no sense.
Randy...seriously....water is the one thing people can't live without...even you. You show an idiot's way of thinking .
Exactly! So even more crucial not to trust govt with it
so exactly what do you mean with your statement  ? ?
@alllibertynews EPA is about to get friggen FIRED @EPA
@CIA : #RussianHackers #riggedElection 
And all you talk about is the @EPA 
#DoYourJob

if the Feds steal more land thru executive action or congressional, there will B a fight.A violent one most likely.  #WeThePeople
Please explain how a department  with no Congressional oversight can pass a rule that can be enforced as law??? I say all ignore.
This is two weeks after I told the about the Root And Branch Infrastructure that harnesses buoyancy and reuses air to make power!
is a great  man！
EPA needs to go. America can't be great if we get our panties in a twist worrying about 'the future'. We need to focus on today!
thanks for your colorful words but how is it over reaching?
If someone upstream pollutes your drinking water what do you do to stop it?
mm... The role of Congress is to protect our liberties, not infringe on them. I agree, Rand. This isn't right.
Senator - you need to gut that agency ASAP.
Government has grown too powerful
357 will solve any issues with epa. Federal government is really close to being shut down. Folks are pissed hence Trump wins.
The board of education works the same way.
The EPA is just another government agency here to tell the people how to live. While pretending to protect the environment.
can it be reversed? @realDonaldTrump
.@RandPaul where are phone numbers we can call to protest this?
yeah! You tell em Randy! I should be allowed to dump whatever and whoever I want in my private lake!!! #fool @realDonaldTrump @EPA
Old news
with Scott Pruitt leading the new Trump EPA maybe we can get common sense Env regulation.
The EPA does not protect our lands and waters as it is... this makes no damn sense.... look at the problems with water nationwide
anyone supporting this has not been following the EPA blunders and negligence over the years.
Sound pretty unconstitutional too.
If we think this is bad just wait until they give this power to the demonic UN.
shut down epa  now
when will u stop this maddness?
So sick of these TYRANTS!
Please do you best and spread the word to stop this. Call all rep to vote no...government control of our lives has to stop
then pass a bill now. Why are the republicans so useless. You have the majority.
the 2nd ammendment could easily resolve this problem.
this post is old old old ,so what's being done ?
this doesn't surprise me. Gov't thinks they own rain water too...
congress needs to limit these agencies Congress created!
Why isn't there a government agency that takes this stuff to the supreme court as soon as the question arises?
Great editorial. Thank you. Understanding where the EPA is overstepping helps stop overlap of current state regulations.
STOP IT, @realDonaldTrump
Simply put, Congress sucks.
- Who does the EPA have answer to? The President or the congress?
There's something in the water that's making people sick. THE EPA overstepped their limits why weren't you objecting then?
the EPA is a joke, they couldn't care less about  the environment, it's all about control of YOU
DR. Paul, There is corruption here that hurts the American People & you know it, so knock off the cronyism & put America First.
What happened to your effort to outlaw the American Community Survey? a 'voluntary survey" with penalties for refusal to answer.
USA is the last hope for #Liberty 
If you people embrace #socialism everything will be Lost
#propertyrights
…@RandPaul with EPA overreach through Clean Air Act, any discretionary capricious rule of EPA is potential to be breathtaking, no?
Senator, why doesn't Congress simply pass a bill defining what navigable waters are.
This is one of the most odious regs inflicted on Americans. LEAVE PRIVATE PROPERTY ALONE!
most Americans will take care of their own property, we don't need daddy govt tell8ng us what to do
Better shout this one - some don't believe the power behind EPA, another rule -congress can throw it out
Can't Trump's EPA rescind this on January 21st?
Is EPA run by communists? Wait, I already know the answer...
Probably comes from the United Nations.
