@alllibertynews $EE There you go... eating your own $hit i$ again... BAD CHOICE for HUD... carson once lived in a house ??
Excellent choice for HUD. Carson would be a great choice for any position
in ru$$ia or a maggotheaded red state white nazi republican amerika... ben carson i$ perfect ??
@alllibertynews @deplorable_ron @RandPaul Ben Carson is not white. Ben Carson grew up black unlike Obama.
Ben was every bit as in need of entitlement$... Did you grow up with Oberry?
Ben Carson didn't need social welfare. Social welfare is a bunch of bribes.
your family dodge WW1, WW2, KOREA, VIETNAM, IRAN-CONTA, DESERT 1 & 2 like t_RUMP??
Bill Clinton was a draft dodger.
carson is clueless...ever hear him say anything coherent?
WHAT??  Seriously?
but like, really?
- a position he's nowhere near qualified for.
you are joking, right?  You know his mind is gone
what a ridiculous appointment.token black man gets housing, a job he's unqualified 4 which is a bad thing!
no congrats to bolton?
@chrisleegmlogmd Rand's the man!
Horrible pick
Duh. . . . .
that's awesome! I'm happy for Mr. CARSON. He is surely deserving of the post
Really sir he knows nothing about urban development! Please do the right thing! Vote against Trump!
Unqualified bigly.
we still need less gov less taxes and less regulations! We are not a free nation anymore we rent from gov and they tax us more!
We're giving Rand Paul keys to The Fed. We're confident he can drain THAT swamp.
LOVE YOUR DAD Rand! Too bad you can't quite live up to his level, but oh well. Thanks for the tweet anyway. ; )
@realDonaldTrump thats great, but we need Rand Paul to AUDIT THE TREASURY!!!!! NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Depends on your intellect level.
Billy I myself dont have a degree.I have noted that the youth generally are just not interested in politics.What gives.
@ChristiChat Rands' father Ron Paul head of Fed Reserve!! @realDonaldTrump
@ChristiChat 
this proves ABSOLUTELY nothing matters
thanks for the well wishes Rand, as an ophthalmologist I am sure you can see the benefitsvof Ben's appointment- Dad joke, msorry
Are you insane?
Absolutely.
As my first choice for President, you are commendable.
@alllibertynews @RandPaul how ya figure ol lone ranger?
oh..nice vision...sounds logical to me...thanks
and check into LMI study 400,000 for a report that sec acted on before having result.  CR 7 is bogus request for more money DOT
we need you to get into s2829 and how DOT and MARAD are destroying Usmma and giving 300,000,000 to state schools who do t serve US
@psalm2607 we are grateful for this great man and honored he agreed to serve our country God bless @RealBenCarson
Congrats Ben so happy love u all Rand your awesome thxu for all u do for us thxu. #StandWithRand
should have been you Doc. But look, how bout we get rid of all these unconstitutional departments? Can @RealBenCarson get it done?
U working to get more #HamiltonElectors? Can be major hero by preventing 270, letting House pick Prez, & u can stick it to Trump.
I can only hope that he helps eliminate this waste of #tax dollars
he should nominate you for a position.
Promptly after the nomination, Carson was found napping in a stairwell muttering something about "the fruit salad of his life"
pyramids and belt buckles
Dr. Ben Carson knows everything about Housing & Development. Just ask him!
脑科医生啊。
diane had successful cataract surgery
How about doing the conservative thing and getting rid of #HUD and all the other unconstitutional & massive gov't burdens off  us?
special K report
he should contact Catherine Austin Fitts from http://Solaris.com  who was head of HUD when Regan was President. So much crime.
he needs guidance on how to handle Fannie and Freddie ... What are your thoughts on repealing Community Reinvestment Act?
I hope this is just a pleasantry and not a sign that you support this nomination. You never would have made this decision. Right?
are you getting the Labor cabinet seat in the @realDonaldTrump admin?
disturbingly unqualified!
sadly you and @realDonaldTrump share very similar views on foreign policy.  You should have been #secretaryofstate
holy shit Rand, you know this is terrible..is there anyone left in Washington with nuts
Paul Ryan=shove granny over the cliff.
Rand Paul/Ben Carson=shove granny into the cold.
Trump/Pence=tax freebies for corp. greed.

Dr. Carson is the obvious choice.  The skull houses the brain.
A federal judge has ordered a ballot recount  in state of Michigan. Why would a federal judge have any jurisdiction over states?
second that.
Ben Carson is much smarter than you so do not worry.
Act 17:30 in the past God ignored our ignorance but now he command all to come into repentance
When did HUD become a theocracy? Did I miss something while serving my country?
John 3:36 Whoever believes on Jesus shall have life but if u reject him u wont have life but God wrath remains on you
you are such a sell out. Politics over all things. You can now be summed up to one of Donnies little bitches. #donnieslittlebitch
sweet
did @realDonaldTrump mark @RealBenCarson's application with a "C"?
this is like putting Hellen Keller in charge of visual arts #smh
i dont like to use the word cuk often but in this case i will make exception. Your a cuk for supporting a guy who u know is bad.
you sold out dude
My mother highly respects you. Please, PLEASE tell me what you feel he can bring to an office he isn't qualified for?
he is unqualified and you don't care
To bad he has zero experience for this job, even he admitted as much. Trump even compared him to a psychopath child molester. Lol
rand, pls talk to Prez abt getting rid of Fed. Crazy that taxpayer pays interest to a private bank who created $ from nothing.
the Fed are the real bank robbers
we need a modern day Jekyll Island mtg where a replacement for the Fed Reserve Act is crafted.With Trump in office, it can be done
please be the architect of this. @RonPaul @realDonaldTrump @mitchellvii @RealAlexJones
Yeah well he's still fucking talking to John Bolton. Get some senators ready to block.
damn......so repyblicans just going to put their head in the sand....i lost respect for you.....
that's ok, hold your fire for State
if we are being honest though shouldn't he vastly shrink the size of the department
@_Proud_American 
Great pic! We love love love Dr. Carson!
also congratulations to you for finding a place in the empty sack line, right behind @SpeakerRyan
A political optics play. Most HUD involves minoroties...so Trump believes Carson is best. Curious if I still can get 1st HO loan
This is the same guy who insisted the pyramids were constructed to store grain...
is it a good move?
so many doctors in politics now days. It sure was a good thing I wasn't on the ballot cuss your still Jack offs to me.
Wow. Really?
#BenCarson really good guy!
do you feel he is qualified to hold this position, given his previous comments about his inexperience?
we going to get you into SOS or what?
Have your dad @ronpaul call Trump & offer his service! Trump has always praised #ronpaul #maga #Dakota #brady #trumptrain #carson
wait seriously? You too?
I know his back story, but still, if Ben Carson is nominated for something, wouldn't it be surgeon general?
yes, the doctor who said healthcare for all (ACA) is the "worst thing since slavery" would be a fine choice.
ACA IS the worst thing. There's no coverage, it's not affordable, doctors won't take it..
uhh, 20 million people  + pre existing conditions added coverage.  Drs can't "deny" ACA patients.  Plz go see one.
none of that's true. My friend has Obamacare & had 2 drive w broken arm to 5 different drs to find one who took it
ACA is not an insurance policy.  A Dr. Can't deny your "Aetna plan" bc you bought it on the ACA marketplace.
so clearly, my friend is lying about having to go to 5 different drs even though I saw the results.
he's unqualified. That said. I guess you are a spineless trump drone. Checks and balances!
if you think Rand is a spineless Trump drone, you haven't been paying attention.  Research before making accusations.
hahahaha
Ben will do a Superb Job for all Americans
where in the constitution is HUD covered?
Good luck Dr. Carson!
This is unethical and not free market. What are u going to do about it for America? http://www.cbsnews.com/news/under-the-influence/ …
- you congratulate him as if he deserves that position when he knows nothing about this role.  you guys truly suck
you know this is completely reckless
Well, would you look at that...Dr. Rand approves. Wow!
Why must R's put people into jobs they have no experience doing? Then complain when Govt doesn't work? Self fulfilling

Comiserations to every other American
oh the guy who said he wasn't qualified enough for a government position.
Ben Carson said that about himself lol
