The purpose of said well armed militia being to oppose the tyranny of the government. Federalist 46.
Isn’t it “well-regulated?”  I think the 2nd Amendment might be the only one that actually has the word “regulated” in it. So REGULATE it!
"Regulated"
Yeah. I’ve read that. Maybe I didn’t make myself clear. All the important amendments have restrictions and limitations. Why not the 2nd?
Have you ever bought a gun? There are ton of regulations.
Apparently not enough. When 18 yr olds can buy AR 15s.
IF we expect 18yr olds to go to combat with automatic weapons, they should be able to train on their own time with semiautomatics.  I would actually PREFER they do. Or,  some need to hunt with them. You try a feral hog with a .22 revolver!!!
Well tyranny reigns in our country under tRUmp and the @GOP.
Is that why your offices and other gov't property are gun-free zones and have metal detectors? That doesn't square.
Which is it, to shoot at the government or to protect your family?  GFY
Sorry, but your ar-15 ain’t no match for the govt’s military power. My right to survive the school day trumps your right to collect guns for your inhuman abnormal hobby. #neveragain
@randpaul needs to brush up on his constitutional scholarship. There is no historical record to back up the right wing nut job "guns to oppose tyranny" claim. 
The Second Amendment was ratified to preserve slavery. 

https://www.rawstory.com/?p=1223285  via @RandPaul
Why can't I have a nuke or surface-to-air missile or a weaponized drone? If the 2A is about preventing a tyrannical government, citizens should be allowed to own any weapon comparable to what the government has so long as they can pay for it.  Why this is a stupid argument.
Also, consider the utter spinelessness of Congress to stand against tyranny by simply voting against what diminishes our nation and flouts the Constitution.  These are not people I expect to do anything but cower in a corner.
Wear a target please.
What a shameful tweet.
I wonder how Steve Scalise feels about your comment Rand. @SteveScalise
I think an army of drones that can deliver nukes might be better for that. Can I get some of those?
Foolish interpretation.

Umm... drones, dude.
@AntonioAngelo21 @Judgenap just a thought but maybe don't elect tyrannical leaders?
all it takes to get elected is to promise 51 percent of the people they can have the top ten percents money
More accurately, to promise the top 1% they can have bottom 90%'s  money. Took about 20 years.
For the entire history of man the wealth has always been at the top,  this idea that it shouldnt be is a new concept lol
So are a lot of things we accept as fundamental these days. Or are you pining for the days of god-kings?
The wealthy arent stealing the middle classes money, they are selling things that the middle class really wants, and the middle is buying
And then they buy politicians to make sure they don't need to contribute to the society that makes them rich. And shrink the middle class.
They contribute more than we do.  A healthy middle class is much easier to mine for wealth than the poor.  They know this.
Don't look now, but you might want to get your resumes ready, things you said a couple of years ago are coming HOME TO ROOST
The same people who say they want gun control are threatening to shoot politicians. Ironic
Who's to judge what's tyrannical? John Wilkes Booth?
lolwut? https://twitter.com/RandPaul/status/746022114042478592 … @RandPaul @Judgenap
.@Judgenap: Why do we have a Second Amendment? It's not to shoot deer. It's to shoot at the government when it becomes tyrannical!
Yeah, because an AR-15 works so well against Hellfire missiles and a A-10 Warhogs. Delusional fool.
Well, damn, exactly.
 fine give everyone a musket
Are you trying to incite insurrection? What an irresponsible, dangerous thing to tweet. Shame on you!

You might not want to show this tweet to your colleagues who were shot today. I hope they and the officers recover fully.
Coincidentally, he was even at the shooting.
I don't think it's coincidence that he was at the shooting.  I think he's a major reason there was a shooting.
Are you saying Paul's defacto endorsement of insurrection contributed to normalizing behavior that ended up harming him? Nice.
It's not an endorsement it is literally the exact point of the 2nd amendment
People need to top actin like what he said was ironic
No, it's to ensure a well regulated militia for the defense of a newly formed nation that lacked a professional army.
It wasnt limited to the founding of our nation only but to keep our freedoms going forward
There is a divergence of views about freedom from whom though. Foreign forces was the intent in my view.
In a democracy the press and the ballot are the weapons against your own government.
^^^ ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
The Left: We MUST have gun control (except when we want to shoot Republicans).
The right: violence against politicians is only ok when WE call for it
Whew! I'm so glad you figured us out.
That's insane!!!
If not to resist [legitimate] Government tyranny, why do we have the 2nd Amendment?
As the amendment says, to enable a well-regulated militia to defend the country. It's based on earlier English law.
It's not there so you can shoot up congressional reps you don't agree with.
Well, obviously. But that isn't what Sen. Paul argued. Be fair with the man and his words.
That *is* what he said. He wasn't talking about taking up arms in defense of the state. He said to shoot at the government!
He was right. 2nd amendment is meant to protect us for a tyrannical government.
No, it isn't!!! It is about *protecting* our government. Not shooting *at* it because you don't like it.
Best tweet of all time
There you go
No, that's not it at all. It's literally the opposite of that.
Seems like a double standard when a member of his own party was nearly killed by a nutjob.
But they aren't tyrannical, nitwit
O rly?
Welp...
What does being American mean to you Sen. Paul?
Pretty awful thing to say wasn't it
I never thought I would say this but I guess you are right.
well this didnt age well did it?
Think about that the next time a vote comes up to spend BILLIONS on national defense, when someday you might have to fight against them!
So I guess that time is now?
Unless you intend to legalize private ownership of F-22's and Abrams tanks, that is an exceedingly flaccid argument
unfortunately someone took @RandPaul at his word. Despicable.
I would like for you to FULLY explain what you mean by this comment?
In light of what happened today, you need to fully explain yourself...
So clear this up: were your Congressional colleagues deer or government?

PS I honestly care for their safety and welfare.
Just a year ago, at the height of our Presidential election in a passionate campaign with Trump inciting violence at his rallies. Shame on u
@TheDemocrats: @GOP voted down 2Bills 2close TerroristGap when names showed up Terrorist Watch List2 purchase guns @SpeakerRyan shut it down
I am still thinking about this awful message. Do you still feel this way, Rand?
It's also not for vigilante justice, Senator.
Except if you're Black. Then you can't shoot at the government.
@RandPaul Sir, do you really agree with this statement?
Yikes
I couldn't agree more!
This backfired, a little too literally.
Lmao
Lolz.
you just gonna let this sit there or will you nut up & rush to the press cameras for once and point out how totally wrong u were with this??
So you approve of today's tragedy in Virginia. Beyond me how you sleep at night; no conscience?
Almost exactly a year later, someone did exactly that, but now the native is that Democrats are inciting violence. Go figure. @potus
Like the Govt is today?
So yesterday's tragic event in Alexandria was merely the exercise of a constitutionally protected right?  Seriously?
dude if u want violent insurrection, you're nobody without missiles and tanks - you are totally fooling yourself that a few rifles would make a difference. All they'll do is get into the hands of somebody who wants to kill you or a family member.
How do you feel about this statement today?
Life comes at you fast, eh Rand?
Love the reverse and upside down logic you are using. Are you suggesting something? Or are you playing ? Because your words are
This tweet about shooting at the government did not age well. 
Well, there's a little irony!!!
This didn't age well....
Well... please try explaining that to @SteveScalise and his family
Your  GOP party is the one who loves guns so much !!!
Hmmm... wanna try that again?
Wouldn't you say our government is currently headed by a tyrant?  Be honest, just between us two?
So was Scalise a tyrant? You have an incorrect understanding of 2A. That was never the case. Mostly about slave patrols (militia).
SO, still standing behind this comment?
Don't be part of problem, stochastic terrorism on either side needs to stop. Giffords, now today, stop. Please make a statement denouncing.
So is today's attack on government what you were referring to Rand Paul? Someone took your advice.
@RandPaul Choking on those words yet?
What are you doing, why would you tweet that @RandPaul
you idiots actually think if govt really wanted ur guns they wouldn't just kick in ur door & take them? guess Obama forgot to take them huh?
OOPSIE! That look you get when a tweet comes back to haunt you. You could have been the one in the ICU at Medstar, fool.
Interesting perspective. It would be hard to argue @realDonaldTrump is NOT a Tyrant and that @GOP are NOT in full support of his Tyranny!!!
.@RandPaul
HOW did you know this would happen a year ago??
Are you Psychotic??
#ESPsycho
words, like bullets, aren't harmless. Today a guy followed ur advice.Rep Scalise, Mr Barth, Mr. Mika, Officers Grindr and Bailey were shot.
Oh God.
#Karma
Do you still agree with this statement?
Time to vote for common sense gun control laws!
Hopefully you'll agree now.
So are you saying that if the shooter this morning felt you were being tyrannical, he had the right to shoot? If not, what is your criteria?
You should familiarize yourself with the concept of stochastic terrorism.  See Carly Fiorina/Robert Dear for examples.
This is a revolting statement.   Even more terrible to read it today.
Someone took you at your word today.
seems like a bad tweet....
Wrong. Just.,.Wrong. How can a senator be. so. wrong?
A fact ignored by the left and communists who dislike the Constitution. Our rights are a threat to them all. @cspanwj @FoxBusiness @CBSNews
You reap what you sow.  Mr. Paul, you are scum, there is much blood on your hands.
You tell us sir. We don't know why either but your constituents seems to think it's still 1775 and we need to protect ourselves from UK
Well, at least we know you didn't get that doctorate in US History.
Wow, Rand, do you still feel this way?
so I take it that you  applaud this action.  In your mind justifiable, right????
Sounds like you're endorsing this person's actions, assuming he felt the party in power is tyrannical... ?
And what happens now that they have shot at you? Do you acknowledge what is happening in this country?
Why is the "well-regulated" part of that amendment always ignored by the gun kooks?
And yet, Republicans are unequivocally obsessed with it. It's sad when people are harmed from gun use, but it's all your (US gov't) fault.
Pretty sure you just told us all to go shoot the government when we don't agree with them. #JackAss
Read the Constitution. Article 1 Section. Then actually read the 2nd Amendment.
Thing 1/you called your party tyrannical.Thing 2/you voted NO on banning high-capacity magazines of over 10 bullets. So,what did u expect?
Kinda sucks when your words come back to haunt you don't it?
Oh snap!
What a horrendously hypocritical statement to eat. Mr. Paul, can you say that again?
Well, @RandPaul, that's debatable despite the apparent certainty of your tweet.
Not your finest moment Sen Paul.  Fun to say in a tweet ..horrific to experience.  Words matter.
Dr. Paul, tweets never expire, and you never know who will act on these tweets or when, but they will. This defines #StochasticTerrorism
 Well, James T Hodgkinson did
yesterday!
Well said. 
This is a valid point.  The problem is the USA now has a generation of #snowflakes who think losing arguments and elections is tyrannical.
So.....
Happy Flag Day!
I hear you went to the hospital for 
shit in pants-itis.
Sounds exactly like something today's politicized murderer would subscribe to.
Shame on you.
this is a Rand Paul Tweet ...Shame on him! I wonder if he has now changed his mind after escaping unharmed? #Gunsense #VoteThemAllOut
@kellyanne @erictrump

Rand, you aren't the only @GOP to tell people to use their 2nd Amendment right against gov't.
How do your words taste to-day?
Aren't you the guvmnt?
da fuq
Please apologize to your @SenateGOP @HouseGOP colleagues for this tweet. It was disgusting in 2016. Even more so now!
Actually, it's PRO FOOD, right AFTER, ANTI-TYRANNY.
And, I'm as liberal as you can get without spontaneously combusting!
Sir, I believe you have some words that need saying.
Do you still think this is right given this mornings shooting?
I believe you have a point sir, please elaborate on this
You were saying?
The GoP leadership is the essential group of tyrants. #Tyrant #Tyranny #GoP #Dictators #Corruption #Self-Dealing #ConArtists #FatCats
Love how you and your goons tweets from the golden years come back to haunt you over and covfefe again.
So congress shouldn't be surprised when an angry, frustrated citizen takes Rand up on his suggestion

Do your job & hold #Trump accountable
Great job guys! Maybe condone burning down elementary schools next.
So Trump isn't the only Republican whose tweets are coming back to bite him in the ass.
Today at the baseball field, you booked. You didn't render aid. You turned tail & now the nation knows your true nature  *Self preservation*
it's not working.  tyranny persists
Jesus, Mary & Joseph another Republican 
Taking leave of his senses?
He didn't mean on a baseball field john
So @DosterJohn , how do you explain this? One of your boys is instructing people to take their guns and shoot gov employees, why???
I think he is stating a constitutional and historical fact.
Oh I see. He isn't instructing people to go shoot gov officials?
Well there you go. Why not open season on Republicans?
Well, by your logic, the shooter had a right.  Yall ARE becoming tyrannical!!!!!!   It's your point, not mine, Rand!!!!
You need to bone up on your Constitutional law - that's NOT what the 2nd amendment says.
Exactly how many gunmen does DC need before we can declare a tyrannical government? Maybe this year the million man march should come armed?
Oh ok. Like today
. How did it feel at the baseball practice when someone took your advise and shot your colleagues?
Life comes at you fast, huh?
that tweet aged well! #Schadenfreude
...thx you heartless AH!!!
Mr. Paul, this tweet is not aging well today with the ballfield shooter.  You are the govt.  You were hiding behind an oak tree.
Reps don't care if mentally ill have guns- how quickly we forget- they get paid to look away!
Trump is now the most tyrannical government in history.  Look at his tweets for gawd sake.  He's a five year old.  #Impeach45
It's all fun and games until someone shoots a white male republican congressman.
Agreed.
Did Rand just admit his party is tyrannical.
What do you say now? @RandPaul
Sadly, someone took you at your word today.

So, if he was shooting at you, are YOU the tyrant?
Here we go again Republicans about to repeal 2nd Amendment, even after giving mental health people weapons
Not cool @RandPaul. Think before your tweet.
Comments like this are part of the problem along with easy access to guns!
Eerily prophetic!
I believe that's what this morning's shooter had in mind. How does that feel? #Alexandriashooting #$$$oversafety
Maybe you should take this down.
Oh goodness.
Wow. Just wow.

Have you condemned the hostie speech that gave rise to the Virginia shooting yet?
When the GOP consistently introduces legislation to intentionally hurt Americans, we will fight back. What happened today could happen again
Apparently, the Republican Government is becoming Tyrannical!
Feared loss of healthcare?
Feared loss of Social Security?
FASCISM!!
Hmmm, how inappropriate .....
Although your comment is ignorant, You should be vary careful of what you wish for!
Just continue the nap.
Hum, This aged well. Is this true? Asking 4 a friend........WTF is it with Kentucky Reps? They all doing meth? Do I shoot now? Pls advise
Wow!
In 2016, Rand Paul received $29,547 from the NRA and pro-gun groups, second in the Senate to only Cruz’s haul of $36,229
Is that how it's done?
Do I need a license?  Open season yet?
Is it Shoot to Kill?  Catch and Release?
Can you be more specific?
Given today's sad event - @randpaul do you want to update your tweet?
DAMN RIGHT
Is that what happened today? .@RandPaul
Randi, Randi, Randi.  What say ye now?
