sure, repeal health care from 20M people. you @GOP are a heartless bunch.
Can you not read? Repeal and REPLACE...with something that works for everybody!
8 years of admitted intentional obstruction of @POTUS and America proved their intentions
Program didn't work. U don't know my heart. I want all cared for but at a good 
price.
free market is the only thing controlling prices. lack of expanded medicaid acceptance hurts ppl
Free market has not been allowed to do it's work. No FM if forced to buy or face penalty.
insurance companies are part of americas free market system, set their own prices. greed rules.
YES! Exactly what Jesus would do. Take away healthcare from 20 mil people. He hated the healing of the sick stuff
Where has any1 said they intend to leave 20 mil ppl w/o health ins? The operative word is 'replace.'
Please, there has been no "replace" bill put forward that covers 20 mil, or people w/ preexisting
Ocare hasn't been repealed yet either, BECAUSE DT hasn't been sworn in. Look for the 'replace' then
Sickening.Republicans double down on. throwing the poor off of health care. Return to real death panels
Always attacking the voiceless while giving more money to insurance pharma.
Save $2,500 a year per family! If you like your plan, you can keep your plan! Bill/Law never had majority support. Fuck off.
You have no right to curse at me. My friends and family have been helped. Take your ignorance and #Racism off my feed.
while his reply was somewhat rude, there was nothing racist about it. Don't be ridiculous.
Please hurry with the repeal/ replace. Effective Jan1 my premium is more than my mortgage. Hurry!
You are foolish. HC had gone up for decades. Wait and see what they will be when Corp greed takes over.  @RandPaul @RepTomPrice
Insurance cos should be processing claims - not offering wellness programs and spa memberships.
You do not understand how insurance works. @cozart_r @RandPaul @RepTomPrice
I'm from his district in GA & am so proud that a common sense,responsive,conservative from GA will be joining Trump!
Congrats! @RepTomPrice Wish you success. Remember We can't rely on insurance companies 4better H/C bc they're 4ever profit driven.
Until the US can provide more doctors, create fierce competition among H/C providers, the people r always screwed.
stop provide free H/C 4children of 20 million illegal imm from birth-18 yrs old. They must pay some to get coverage.
maybe you can create different type of ins. for these people. Becuz of free H/C & welfare they have so many children.
@DrSue19380 @RepTomPrice #DITTO

#PaidTrumpette @RandPaul @RepTomPrice
Repaeal, but replace with what? 
Obama focused on Accessibility.
GOP need to address Affordability ( Cost: 18% GDP)
and replace it with WHAT, exactly? How about having something on the table, instead of bloviating? Don't leave insurers pissed off
didn't know it was broken.
The real Fix will start on Jan. 20 2017 when the Nation gets a Real President.
I was saddened but not surprised to see the article in the WSJ on student loans today.  Hope to see a more realistic smaller prog
Price is RIGHT!

Road to #MAGA
If he makes the D-P relat the primary goal & the business of medicine as support http://equalhealthcare.org 
@alllibertynews @RepTomPrice
it means a lot to have your support 'Senator Paul.
Hope that you don't claim to be a Christian  @RandPaul @RepTomPrice
LET'S GO 2 FREE MARKET SYSTEM & THEN TWEAK IT AS WE GO GIVING CAREFUL THOUGHT BEFORE ACTING. TRUST PPL FOR A CHANGE.
Do you have a plan for that which doesn't lead to poor Kentuckians dying or going bankrupt?
Now I'm feeling MUCH better. How do you like the rest of the people Rand?
See how you feel when 30 mil Americans are kicked off HC and Corp greed takes over. @RandPaul @jimmythemole01 @RepTomPrice
I own a medical clinics & I assure u that Obamacare is hurting more people than it's helping. #OBCFailure
Why don't you ask American people who are dependent on. In addition FIX don't gut. Kickingoff 20mil not ok. @RandPaul @RepTomPrice
It is closer to being fixed with Obamacare than without it. Keep it and add to it.
You can start by making healthcare free for everyone @RandPaul @alllibertynews @RepTomPrice
I concur, very good pick.  I am really liking the picks that he is making.  I hope you all get onboard...
LIES guys dont want to help anyone just reduce taxes for the rich   its so obvious   it was repeal and now  replace?
I wish you were SoS.
The problem is for-profit insurance companies profiteering. How are you going to fix that?
Got to get new policy. What do I do?
let's you and Ryan and price admit to your insurance lobby ties, stop deceiving the American people
Do you stand with @RepTomPrice's deeply backwards and uninformed views about LGBTQ health?
and let's select the SG from within the CC of the USPHS #USPHS4SG
We've been waiting several years for you to explain how you mean to fix it.  "Let the market fix it" already failed.
thank you
Ensure FREE MARKET principles in new health plan!!  All health care business POST PRICES on web!! @realDonaldTrump
#Birther @RepTomPrice as #HHSSecretary, plans to end #Obamacare dismantle #Medicare & replace w $1200 tax credit #HippocraticOath
go Rand Paul.Thanks for your valued support.Hope ur Dad feels the same.
the real issue is that there is no cap on health industry cost. 3 dollars for a q-tip is greed.
Yes, hurry!  And don't forget to stop those Medicare Advantage Plans!  Per capita $$$ out of Medicare to private cos
I love you guys and all you do for our great nation.
@mattmitrione @RepTomPrice a broken health system is one that leaves parents  $30,000 in debt for giving birth to a child
@Early__May @RepTomPrice oh the same tom who vote for the dark act  f u people
#randforsecretaryofstate
I agree! A very cool strategy!
How about just fixing and not  repealing?
@Rockprincess818  wrong to take away healthcare from the poor and elderly people in America! Defund sanctuary cities for illegals
.@RandPaul ICYMI: #ObamaCare premiums up 116% in my Arizona. Would've made my premium $960 month.
Please repeal Congressional health care at same time as Obamacare.
great to see your approval Sen Paul. Make healthcare great again.
you will understand... 1 day.
#StandWithRand
What is the GOP alternative?
Only if con-Rs are aiming to rid folks of health care ins. and gut Medicare; a disgusting act!
That will be like putting an unfolded map of a jigsaw puzzle back together inside Pandora's box. Worth the effort.
well, Rand Paul's expression of approval is most of what I need to know that this was a good pick
Fight for the Constitution? HA! Try repealing the Unconstitutional Patriot Act and NDAA instead of appointing someone to it. 
We don't care right now about Obamacare.  The Pres Elect is tweeting and threatening US citizens.  Do something.
Your Father is ashamed of you @RandPaul
Please do not cause fighting over Trumps picks. We need this change.
So are we just going to hear only the positive comments you have regarding Trump. Forget petty things like his thoughts on the 1A
How do you feel about Trump threatening the people with loss of citizenship or imprisonment if they burn the flag?
why repeal it - just fix it!
after your pick of Corker, your judgement is in question.
what are you going to do about the 22 million people who have health insurance because of Obamacare?
Not going to be easy keeping President Trump focused.
The replace better be better, or the Republican majority will have a very short lifespan.
how would you fix it? Jw
We can only hope all of dnt make it WORSE! Dnt just slap a bill down THINK about it!!
how about the federal govt get out of the healthcare business. Let the states handle it.
Awesome choice!
Insurance does not = healthcare.
maybe it's time to focus on the provider side of things.
You will need to cut insurance costs by >50% otherwise subsidies remain.  Tax credits are not cutting it.
And destroy the lives of millions of Americans because they can't afford to get sick. Shameless.
Perhaps and hopefully that first bite in project "eat the elephant", Obamacare-less.
@glezee81 @RepTomPrice 
WHAT
How about we have something in place to "fix" it before repealing it?
You're even saying it backward.
Let's fix it, and repeal.  Your focus, still on repealing w/o a replaxement plan. :(
-I'm with you Rand!
We should not be penalized for being healthy. Push for an HSA at $250 max for my budget ($3400 take home) per month.
That the Democrats broke
shame that @realDonaldTrump is already backtracking on that promise huh?
What an idea!!  An actual physician guiding health care delivery instead of some political hack.
Lower the cost of care to make healthcare more affordable and insurance premiums will follow. Quit treating symptoms.
I want Rand for SOS!!!! :)
Need to focus less on health insurance and more on the COST OF HEALTHCARE.
If medicare paid prevailing rates it would lower insurance cost and more doctor would take new patients
Why not talk to some physicians, pharmacists, and patients in NY and see what went with healthcare wrong here.
You've never really been on board w/Trump so your slam of .@RudyGiuliani is expected but you are going against Trumps supporters!

Nobody should be allowed to burn the American flag - if they do, there must be consequences - perhaps loss of citizenship or year in jail!
The plan to "fix" it, is to replace it with nothing.
The Real Men are back in charge!
Tell me about your insurance coverage.
let's not.
