Yes, pray for the victims, but don't try to prevent them.
I don't think you read the bill.  And Islam is the problem here...not guns.  How do you suggest we stop it?
The problem is homophobia, and Christianity has as much to answer for as Islam in that regard.
False-No one in Christianity is throwing gays off buildings or slaughtering them in night clubs.
@disturbedsauce @JustinSzew309 @RandPaul
Radical Islam doesn't like Pride Month during Ramadan.
Radical Christianity doesn't like Pride Month anytime. Let's not pretend it's just "those people".
one thing to disagree about it. It's another thing to haul 5lbs of tannerite to LA pride parade.
Don't pray do your job. Help enact sane gun control & stand up to the NRA
idiot.
Aust had at the time worlds worst mass shooting Port Arthur 96. We acted on gun control. None since. Look it up
different country. Good luck getting americans guns. They arent taking mine thats for sure
What about just losing the weapons that can kill so many so fast?
@alllibertynews @nolybrochill @RandPaul Not negotiable. See constitution. Especially if they are going to import migrants
constitution says well regulated. I see no regulation at all.
1) Do you own a gun? 

2) Have you ever tried to purchase a gun?
Praying does nothing. You've prayed how many times over this. Stop taking NRA money and DO SOMETHING! #gunsense
Maybe you aught to QUIT TAKING THEIR MONEY & stfu, leftist $chill!
I hope you get what you vote for you right wing piece of shit
You want to disarm law abiding citizens and let radical Islamic terrorists run rampant like Orlando? Disgusting
How have the armed citizens done so far? You're a fucking failure.
More guns than humans in this country and all you have is excuses for your failure.
My failure?  I just have the ability to defend myself.  Sounds like it's your failure in supporting murder.
Who needs assault rifles? Can you answer that?  @NRA How a pray to get rid of assault rifles. If not, your prayers are hollow.
@alllibertynews @RandPaul @NRA , I do, & my reasons for having them are better than yours for my not having them.
Can't wait to hear this.
, balls in your court pal, you're trying to sell me, not the other way 'round.
Sorry, I asked who needs them and you said your reason was better than mine for not having them.  "So tell me your reason.
, so I can defend my family, my home, & my life from anyone that would take that from me. Yes, guns kill people, that's the point
I can understand. Please be careful your kids don't find it. I've had a sad 2 days so will call it a night.  Take care.
You are part of the problem! Do something other than pray! #DontJustPray
@alllibertynews @RandPaul 

Such as?
Resign would be my first choice. Thanks for asking.
Not quite sure how that would bring back the dead.
Might prevent more
Fail to see that too.
but me being gay is on par with bestiality ?
Impeach if he won't protect the people of the United States. Looks like I'll will for us. Maybe he is a silent radical
we need really gun laws that end the loopholes to help keep Americans safe! I don't want to hear about children dieing my guns
there is still time to impeachment if Obama won't take actions to keep us safe . Why is he not aggressive against the Jihad.
..pray all you want, assault weapon lover
praying is not enough act!
praying is one thing. taking action is another. what are you going to do?
Can evil be legally defined? Yes - but not w/o YOUR help. Take this survey & make your voice count! https://depravitystandard.org 
so you're doing nothing then..
@alllibertynews
Atleast Dr. Paul isn't being an impudent, froward, atheistic nihilist, and
That's something to be admired!
well he's not slaughtering whales either #pointlessstatements
but what will you do to stop this from happening again?
what do YOU plan to do?
I plan to vote against anyone who is taking money from the NRA
How about you put your money where your mouth is and donate some of that money you've gotten from gun lobbyists? #MakeThemPay
@alllibertynews praying does not help. Obviously.
Neither does socialism nor spiritualism...Your point?
thought was clear: action towards fixing issues. Praying is useless
You sound like a student of Objectivism, good choice if so.
no. However some of her theories ore true.
U need to give them guns & courage.
If you want to pray for them, go an extra step and fix what you and others have done.
Obama hates the United States just as his father. He must believe In the Quran. He is allowing the Jihad.
They Murderer in Orlando was checked and double checked.
Wow, praying? Don't overexert yourself, Senator. #endgunviolence #Godisntfixingthis
And tomorrow you right back to supporting the NRA and gun nuts, so what's the point of your sympathy?
Refresh my memory: How do assault rifles make our country great @RandPaul? I'm embarrassed that you "represent" me b/c you certainly do not.
Yes: context. Voted against assault rifle ban, continues to accept gun money. Claims to keep USA great in profile.
So if guns are banned do you think criminals who want to murder someone will follow the law?Ignorance is bliss
carries an A grade from the NRA so nothing will change
Still takes money from the NRA and has an A grade from them.
its days like these that I thank God 4 u being in the Senate I thank u 4 defending our rights!
Why don't you pray for the LGBT community that is now, as we have been, terrified for our lives.
the problem isn't with gun control, the problem lies within hearts, Cain killed Abel with a rock. Close borders on immigration
As someone who does the bidding of @NRA, you're an accomplice to the 50 murders in Orlando. Actions speak louder than prayers.
voted AGAINST blocking people on terror watchlist from buying firearms. show your support through actions. #ashamedofyou
then stand up to the gun lobby and homophobia because #VictimsRightsMatterMore than #thoughtsandprayers
I Hold you personally responsible for failing to keep the offending weapon out of this criminals hands. Your prayers = ZERO
pray while you make sure the guns that killed them stay available and make sure the people who died don't have the same rights
hey like gun control would prevent this. Libtards
how about legislation instead of prayers? Isn't that supposed to be your line of work?
Next time, kindly provide every american an Armed Vehicle may be M1 Abrams to save their 2nd Amendment Rights. #RightsToBeAlive
@RandPaul
still no mention of the LGBTQ community!!!
Prayers do nothing. Stricter gun laws prevent these tragedies.
Do politicians ever really do anything of value? Legislators lead us nowhere. And judges trample on the Constituion. Obama has too
your prayers mean nothing when you're an #nra lapdog.
Now this is an appropriate response.
@alllibertynews We need a thorough investigation, not a whitewash
.@RandPaul  You had a chance to stop this last December. You did nothing. Now there's blood on your hands. #toolate #Orlando
#StandWithRand #UnSuspend #PresidentPaul2016
is a statesman and a scholar all of you politicizing a man's attemptto grieve with a family.  My last tweet was at you statists
please provide specific governance to address the problem. Work together with your colleagues.
Horrific and tragic was your cowardly vote against an assault weapons ban. You are #complicit
and yet you'll never allow for gun control? This sicko, poisoned by GOP-aided homophobia, obtained his gun legally. #guncontrolnow
gun control means using both hands. Stop gun free zones and allow others to return fire.
liberal idiots will stop at nothing... stop the influx of radical islamists
sad so sad AMERICA WEEPS.  WE WILL STAND STRONG. IN GOD WE TRUST
Thanks for your kind words rp, and for the rest of you I doubt the radicals will be slowed by a defenseless public
Read James 2:17 & then go do something about what happened. Donate blood. Create laws to help protect everyone.
please don't pray. Promise to use your tenure as a senator to protect the LGBT community.
you mean against radical Islamic terrorists or against bakers and florists?
@ToddHagopian Thank you for standing up for our right to self defense.
Donate your gun lobby money  in honor of the victims of this horrific tragedy.
fuck your phony ass prayers and thoughts. Stop the NRA
For $70,531 all you get is prayers from @RandPaul and his wife, #Congress ignores mass shootings and innocent people die.
@alllibertynews @RandPaul Should we pass a law against murder first? Maybe a law against hate crimes?
do u spend all ur time praying 4 the victims of gun violence. How bout doing something besides praying 4 the dead & their families
Yes, My heart feels sick,Mr Paul,Please close our borders,And monitor, arrivals,I beg you,...... Its only going to get worse.
Great, now if you haven't already, how about championing legislation so this doesn't happen again after an in-depth analysis.
@alllibertynews @RandPaul what legislation would you suggest?
Whatever the study I mentioned indicates.  Start from scratch.  No outside (lobby) influence.
NASAIslam http://justpaste.it/zn 
Bieber embraces Islam http://justpaste.it/zj 
The Pope embraces Islam http://justpaste.it/uu 
@The_Emperor17 Obama's Bringing more ISIS muslims, Wake up Terrorist leader POTUS OBAMA .
oh good, prayer should fix everything
Note Ecclesiates 9:5
again this will be the fault of the guns, really !  This type of person will use any tool to hurt or kill many.
praying that our politicians get their act together & address expired visas, and closing our borders
Voters r looking towards D.C for immigration policy that doesn't require a police state for our children to be safe #RadicalIslam
They can't hear your thoughts or prayers...
yes Christian prayer is essential but what steps are you personally taking to end the muslim caliphate?
I pray america doesn't turn into a police state as a result.
too bad the "rest of the nation" isn't actually praying. Their too busy saying "our thoughts and prayers". But not actually 
keep pushing anti LGBT agenda. #ThoughtsAndPrayers though!
have you severed your ties to the NRA?
Shove your thoughts and prayers up your fucking ass
That escalated quickly. What are you doing to help Brian? Swearing at people online accomplishes nothing.
some afagani says the suspected guys link to english deep state is that true ? MR PAUL
Here we go. All Legal gun owners will again be blamed for the Actions of an Islamic holy man.
exactly, isn't it odd too they waited 3 hours to engage?
