how bout we quit helping em bomb Yemen while you're at it
1st ur not helping us & who says that we need ur help.. oh god u Americans see ur self's as the central of world
but ur not. if u didn't sell us we will find another buyer it's that easy as long as we have the money
for more then a decade we treated u with a good faith & how does that get us !? U excusing us of Terrorism
though we got attacked by terrorists and isis in particular more then the western countries combined
What goes on between SA and Yemen is not my business but get the US the fuck out of that equation is what I want.
if it's not your business then stop accusing us for bombing Yemen
and it's not an "accusation." Saudi Arabia is bombing Yemen, plain and simple, with aid of US.
@ChrisBragdon Then what is your plan to keep ISIS out of Saudi Arabia?
we are waiting for the answer!!
Fuck Saudi Arabia! We shouldn't be in the MidEast anyway, not worth the oil
Fuck Russia too communism shit hole 
Russia hasn't been communist for 20+ years, but I agree
Great to see that even after failing nationally, you're still good not making sense.Not promote arms race in ME?
@JPorhola a proud fellow Kentuckian! Yes!!
@JamilaHanan thank you for standing to Saudi tyranny and for justice and human right in #Yemen
And you support giving arms to The zionst state for free ,from the poor american taxs payers , shame on you .
Sources on that? And Israel is a nice country. Saudi Arabia is shit

Bombing Yemen doesn't a ring a bell? An Iranian invasion would be a good thing.
US arms hit @MSF hospital & killed 20 people today
#Yemen We are assessing the situation to secure the safety of patients and staff. More information to follow soon.
Thank you by name of children of #Yemen
@JamilaHanan I wish and pray it may happen, unfortunately history tells us otherwise.
I agree. Saudi Arabia is a proxy for Zionist interests.
Putin toady @RandPaul working hard to ensure Russian victims remain defenseless.
You should do that until stop creating wars in the Middle East
If you knew anything about him, he's anti war. Go back to blowing up Yemenis.
Eventually they seem to be used against the US.
I wish one day we can use it against you

BREAKING: #Yemen MSF-supported hospital was hit by airstrikes at 15:45. We are assessing the situation. Number of casualties still unknown.
In #Yemen campaign American-built jets r refueled by US tankers & drop US bombs American contractors fix them Only pilots r Saudi
thank you
amen!
yes Rand! No military money to Saudi Arabia or just about anyone else!
you got that right and back isreal
Dr. Paul is there a reason you haven't made a statement about #Hillary lying to you under oath about arming rebels? #Demexit
you block the arms and we block oil and see who will cry for help . btw Germany and UK are in the waiting list
@alllibertynews @RandPaul Dr Paul we have your back!
trust me, he would love to have you close to his back 
Thank You Sen. Paul for seeing the harm that Saudi Arabia does to the world and doing something about it! #WesternLivesMatter
We hope so. We will get weapons from Russia more powerfull and cheaper
#thanks for sharing about promote, have a great Thursday :) (Get your leads Insight by @commun_it  https://commun.it/?aid=thankyou80 )
هههيييننققلللععع.
It will be better if you get out Saudi Arabia and Middle East fucking infidels
Gladly. Then you get back to killing each other, and hopefully it will eventually just be the desert
you country destroy the Middle East and most of the world I hope I see the day your country get burned by its policy
big layer. Wy you put vote
hahaha
@RandPaul
Senator sovereignty Saudi Arabia or terrorism stopped selling arms to them there are thousands of lives lost without hope mercy
NO KSA
Sadly, you will fail. #Bipartisan party is the new DemRepub party.
OH HAI WE AGREE ON SOMETHING
but aren't you the republican candidate for president who dropped out within a few months of announcing,like your dad? unreliable.
They're tanks. how about getting the 150 bill + 400 mil back from Iran that's funding nuclear arms development?
that sounds nice But hold up Let us hear your plan 2 keep #WarProfits up & that $1.15B flowing out to #CorpProfitCenters @eviejoe
I agree, but the problem—which we caused—is that if we don't prop up/arm the Saudis, radical Muslim factions will overthrow them.
@ZaidJilani Will you do the same for the tens of billions going to Israel? Easy to stand up to the despised Saudis. Israel lobby?
fucking hypocrite- what about the billions in arms GIVEN to israel?
Saudi Arabia's obnoxious human rights record at home and abroad in Bahrain & Yemen is reason enough to block arms sales.
@RLibertyCaucus Great work as always for We the People
while the US gives Saudi's enemy Iran billions for it to buy Russian weapons and fund terror
#StandWithRand
you can't... Your country needs our money without our money you're nothing
the deal is already done buddy . Hahahahahaha
130 tank , 20 BTR
Should we turn our backs on regional partners in the Middle East?  Your premise is careless in regards to the threat in the region
You must differentiate between Saudi Arabia and the Middle East
Is it based on the voting! , or not !!
the disgust for crony games at our expense is growing among #WeThePeople time for honest public Serv to step up, proove themselves
respectfully here's the thing, you all on the hill are in public service and essentially on our #WeThePeople dime and ..
#NoMoreWars #EndTheAbuse #antiwar
but my word #WeThePeople are very unhappy regarding the lack of accountability on the hill...
btw I respectfully address you mr. Paul..I support you everytime, stayed up & cheered you during filibusters hope you run in 20/20
why do we have to go bipartisan to call out treason & hold ppl accountabile? What's wrong w this picture??
why not indict & prosecute OUR gov memb that supply those arms to them?? Everyone is turning a blind  and then there's #DNCleak
Will your coalition reconsider the funding we send to Israel too?
America will be forced to sell arms to it because its interests mean many will sell like a dog my dog
how about this stop making wapens at all and i guarantee 100% we will see Isis vanish .. for gavorment man you sure are stubid!!
u can't  if no no 
what will happen if Saudi Arabia withdraws her funds .. I hope Saudi Arabia do it and make her own wapens
hey Saudi Arabia already have nuclear missiles and can make her own arms and keep her money to grow . How stubid are you?
Dad always said, follow the money. Term limits, PLEASE
So, we don't need to make a poll here! You can write what you want without the god damn poll! 
كفو شركم عنا ونصير بخير. أنتم اللي جايين بديارنا تذبحونا.
طسو للجحيم 
@RandPaul
Who sells you the oil
انت من غير السعودية. تذهب الئ الدوام على دراجة 
are you gonna the stop them for Israel as well!? The small country that kills women & children!

Anyways, the market is open
Mr. Paul why are you carrying out the interests of Iran?
شرب يور اوباما ولا كلمة ياكافر
In the past, no one knows who she is (Iran) but with the help of America and trying to destroy Arabs.
America is from Iran showed in the political arena.
1 no one will pay you to not.so relax 
2 we do have the MONEY when you don’t 

god bless money
America is interested in money and not feel worried about others.
ترا نشري بدراهم والنفط الي يجك منا اذا ماهجت خلينا طيراتكم عشش حمام
shut up
you couldn't put a coalition together among a group of like minded people, you're too small.
USA is unreliable ALLY for gulf countries for many reasons. The black boxes for Iran was scandal for trustiness of USA!!
@RandPaul
I think you are talking about things you  do not know it really
شخل شخل
Oh sir! You have to exploit & promote this race because your salary & your country's budget are based on our purchase
Think really
You have also know if you won't sale to us, there're many and many other manufacturers who hope to deal with us,
USA
It has the right to refuse to sell arms to any country
And KSA
It has the right to diversify its sources of arms and Industry
@RandPaul
at least this time someone will bay from his own money, and not from that you’ve sent in black boxes!
would do the same if it was Israel?
stop arming Children killers in the occupied Palestine .. stop arming Israel
why you don't work to stabilize Iraq? Don't you the one who made it unstabilized country since 2003?!
all the subsequent problems in the region because of this unjustified war.
What about Israel
بكل بساطه اذا كنتم لا تريدون اثارة المشاكل بالشرق الاوسط اطلعو منه ولا تدعمون المليشيات واستغنو عن مشروع الفوضى الخلاقه
uat.?
اقول تعرف تمص وانت تصفر؟
we all know that US economy depends on selling weapons & create conflicting groups in the region in order to increase its economy
Yes please, try to prevent that deal. #Russia, #China,and #NorthKorea are waiting and their weapons much cheaper & more effective
I hope this kind of reaction we push us to be independent from you and the others and to start doing our needs internally
Is USA the only country in arms industry ? Hell no !! So be quiet and take the $1.15 billion , because wherever KSA well Buy it.
@catoletters its either us or russia your choice of evil
Do you think that you are alone you will serve and sell tax weapons there Europe, Russia and China! But you agree Rai Aasentur
so you shouldn't interfere in the Middle East or have interests in it ..
The Money make you kneel down . Dr/stupid!
So do you also support a reduction/end in weaponry sales/military aid to Israel?
you can't. stop selling cheap political shit to people.
Would you dare to do the same with #Israel? You're like a kid, with no power, who is trying to appear strong, #Trump's garbage!
Weapons are not exclusive to America..arms market in China and France also..what we want all the oil comes despite the nose.
a bit late don't you think? that's been going on for the last 20 years... And most of them are from the USA #MiddleEast #armstrade
duh !!!
no arms for 9-11 terrorists, stop the ally charade
This is only arming the Muslims. Remember, the oldest war in history is the Muslims vs. Christians;U& we're a C-Nation!
Please help Trump to block Hillary while your at it. We can't afford her in office.
In Saudi Arabia they stone women to death. We should not support them at all. The hypocrisy is pathetic.

THE SAUDIS ARE TRAITORS. BUT, MORE IMPORTANTLY, WHAT ARE YOU DOING TO DEFEAT "HILARITY" CLINTON AND HELP DONALD TRUMP TO VICTORY?
stop the endless wars
DO that & also put in motion a Impeachment against Obama. 5 more months is too long to wait.Another 400 Mil may go to Iran.
remove the AG TOO
Dr.Paul, I voted for your dad. He is the reason I moved to the right from the left! Trump needs you! We need your voice! Help!
if we don't sell Russia will. Might as well support Boeing & Lockheed employees
Thank you
unfortunately, this is the exact type of political influence they buy with $25m to the Clinton Foundation.
@mariannecope don't forget to mention their ties to 9/11..
@catoletters block Saudis money from supporting establishment of both parties.
I think after this election Rand Paul should consider running as an independent . People will be beyond over 2 party system.
Please do!  I couldn't agree more.
you should be the presidential candidate, not Trump! I'm still pissed!
that's just Clinton Foundation money. Follow it
@catoletters so amerikkka has never sold arms to anyone one of its muppet states in the middle east? Did you work to block em b4?
this all began way before he took office. Yes he has
can you stop prime minister selfie in canada to stop selling arms as well?
Is it in US interest to let Iran become regional hegemon? If not, how do we prevent it without assisting Saudis as counterweight?
maybe they could pay for it themselves. And maybe we shouldn't have allowed Iran allies to run Iraq.
Iran became in control in Iraq n Syria .. thx to US diplomacy
I guess you don't know much at all about his foreign policy.
What about $$to Iran?!
our real threat to civililazation.
we should be investing that here!
ya @JustinTrudeau
Ok numb nut, just add it to what Hussein is giving Iranian terrorist state. Don't get me wrong, I have NO use for Saudis either.
thank you!
thank you
