@moniqueywright wow
@Veteran4Trump why would we give these countries who hate us a single nickel?
@Veteran4Trump Econ 101! $20 trillion in debt, on a financial bubble that is about to burst! You cant give what u don't have! MAGA
@sparky08540 So what the hell are you gonna do about it? Talk?!? 
Yet another GREAT reason to #VoteGaryJohnson2016 He wants to focus on the UNITED STATES and OUR people....not some other country!
- R U running for #President? Because if not, there's not much u can do about it. You've proven that so far. #uspoli #Election2016
But that's what we are doing as Obama accelerates his destruction.
@MooiachiRios I'm with you! We need to spend our money at home where it's desperately needed!
@DonaldJRooseve1 Rand Paul*

@AmericanMex067 Thank you.

We do. I'm an immigration attorney. Find out what we do and how it really works. Trump is bs'ing you.
ppl know better then the BS you just said.  values, respect, LEGAL.
we agree with Dr Paul
@Veteran4Trump Obama & Hillary just giving all the money away while homeless and children go hungry
@MikeCheatham1 Agree
I stand with you Dr Paul.
Guess it's good for you that none of those tax dollars came from Trump.
@DonaldJRooseve1 You're a good man Paul.
@Veteran4Trump yea, where you been for past 8+ yrs rand Paul? You and congress... Ppl would believe you all asleep at wheel
you can start by getting the POTUS to ADMIT 2 1.7T in ransom!!!
@AmericanMex067 THANK YOU SIR ..... PLEASE STAND WITH MR. TRUMP
@AmericanMex06 
 VOTE #TrumpPence16 we need that money to invest in #AmericansFirst so we can bite a piece of that #AmericanPie
Say what you want about Rand he has always been right on war, trade, and the fed.
what'll you do to fix Bush lies that killed a generation of Iraqis and paved the way for Iran to enter Syria?
nothing is the right answer.
@Myinfo941454043
I take it you're a Native American? Otherwise, you can get on the next flight out, too.
difference, our ancestors kissed the ground when they got here LEGALLY. They loved everything about this country. Obeyed our LAWS
is there a chance they may may begin to like us?

does israel know about this? 
Too bad the House Republicans don't feel that way.
@ltzrocks Right on Rand
@Ricky_Vaughn99 KEEP FIGHTING and speaking out Rand! America needs you!
that is where our yearly cost of raises go, and the Military took a fall also, trying to drain everybody dry.
you need to be campaigning with Trump sounds like you have a lot in common
then get the fools on the hill to quit paying our enemies to destroy us.
@alllibertynews let's spend the money in the poor, beggar states that love Trump
for President! #election2020
@Liser02 Exactly and Neither will Americans
@CassandraRules we thats what happens during invasions. D'oh!
- makes you ponder why they "hate us"
you haven't done a goddman thing for this state in your entire career as a U.S. Senator.
WHAT ABOUT FREEDOM OF THE PRESS

MENTION @ASavageNation N THE TAKEOVER ALREADY!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=404VtMhavCE …
Do not allow Obama to surrender control of the internet to ICANN. Congress needs to do something about it.
How many times will US bomb & rebuild bomb & rebuild bomb & rebuild ME while US is on 3rd World trajectory.
@RandPaul @MalyndaNyc
Well, you may not be idle, but nothing ever changes
This is why we need TRUMP.
. GOOD. thank you
Thank u Rand... #StandWithRand
But you will, for our flag? That makes a lot of sense..................................NOT
How on earth does Dr. Rand Paul a man that inspired both Repulicans and Libertarians lose to the liked of Donald Trump. Smh
yes
@Jaequi_Lynn It seems that you are seeing what it means to be a Congressman. You were all elected to work towards the Common Good
if this was 1910, would you have supported hard working stagecoach makers from the hateful Michigan horseless carriage companies?
i totally agree..we need to re assess every dollar of foreign aid handed out. We need to help out citizens first before giving out
Sometime I am not agree with you , but in this point total I agree , are you ok
we need to be more nationalist in US
STOP THE INTERNET GIVEAWAY!!!!!!!! #OBAMA #TRAITOR
I agree keep talking to the people
what will you do? Sounds like politicians taking a stand with no ability to affect change.
great point maybe you can coach him for the next debate @KellyannePolls
Taxation is theft ? Overseas theft ?
who's hard earned tax dollars?   Your leaders'? @realDonaldTrump
sad 2 see ur choice of video shows the Egyptian flag during a time of instability/revolution which has changed. We don't hate you.
I assume you are on this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-xu5p_nDcrg …  #ICANN
You got that right. If republicans retain Congress and Trump wins stop all foreign aid. http://www.latins-latinos.yolasite.com 
so how could a billionaire who doesn't pay taxes because he's "smart" relate to how taxes are spent?
It is ur support 2 #SaudiArabia #KSA caused all this hatred. The irony, Saudi hate u most. #JASTA making +ve changes not $ spent.
And this Tax money was not spend on people of those countries, it was spent supporting their worst regimes & enemies.
what is happening with out Internet ? I want names please . Stop the refugees . Obama needs to be in gitmo .
wait how do u earn tax dollars also where the outrage that DT HC NP and all y dems & rhino spend our money like there no tomarrow
@SenTedCruz @marcorubio @SenJoniErnst @VoteMarsha  What a HOT mess this is!  One Nation Under God #Vote
y u don't say frankly Muslims. But keep in mind ,US don't pay these countries for God's sake.US pays them for its own interests.
think how many schools we could build with that money.
what about having the balls to come out clearly against Trump!
@Mike_Beacham 

There are schools in Detroit that need Syrian refugee money
This vicious, borderline racist stuff! You should be ashamed.

Countries who hate us, illegals, refugees! What about our own people? Vets, elderly, disabled, homeless? It's Deliberate!
Hey Dr.Paul, the #DEA is going to ban Kratom, a SAFE herbal supplement that helps addicts quit drugs without intoxication. Sad.

please don't stand idly while Trump pays no taxes.
then why don't you I nite hillary trump and Walmart ceo to a debate?
@brenthatley exactly!!! Even a #DumbHillJack like me could spend it more efficiently & get better results...
Would those be Trump dollars ?
would you want to be on 99.1 the Hoss in cave city on Susan and carol unscripted
How does a "country hate us" ?  Is it the leaders who hate us?  The people who hate us?  Greater than 50%? How do u determine?
You guys NEVER EVER get anything done! Stop the money from leaving this country, tell us the truth, who and why
Talk to your party. They run the military industrial congressional complex. And bring Bush to trial for war crimes.
So develop legislation to outlaw it
Sorry these people do not hate Americans,they hate Govt support for dictator in their country,try changing that first .
But your country send arm to their Govt to kill the innocent,so what did you expect from the rest them.
Donald J. Trump - Policies https://www.donaldjtrump.com/policies/ 

Lost in freedom of speech. Let me take your hand. http://s-4-v.blogspot.com 
@JoxuaLuxor yes, I can say TAX REVOLT, no tax money=no corrupt government
Great! And I will stand by you also! We need more Rand Pauls!
Thank you for being against sending money to countries who hate us!
@bigboater88 ..bet Donald will work with Rand
.@RandPaul Federal govt can make 50 pallets of $400million cash and deliver them to each state like we did with Iran. #thatreallyhappened
but you'll stand still when it comes to #FundFlint #LouisianaFlood bankers won't see mortgage payment #StandWithCorruption.
oh ya..get rid of the cya and fby, they are counter productive and do moore harm then good, I want my money back from last 50 yrs
Dr Paul, the public in the US must ask what are the similarities with Saudi Arabia? Why is the kingdom of terror protected by USA?
@alcardfan you need to be majority leader!
Hell no I'm going to vote for you I'm tired of career politicians get somebody new in there and I'll vote for them
@girl4Trump  $ for American people
 Period!
- I totally agree with you! We are probably borrowing money from China to give them.
stop more muslims coming in     they hate us
would be an awesome asset to the @realDonaldTrump cabinet say, Secretary of State?
if people cared what you thought they would have voted for you guess what they didn't
keep at it Rand.
I so agree, like have Americans first at the trough for a change!! OWG is a veil to destroy the USA
Thank you, Dr Paul! U can work well with the new POTUS, Donald J Trump, and turn this ship around! Good men prevail. #VoteTrump
Don't count on it. He outsources as much as possible. Expecting him to bring back jobs is insane. Vote union.
What? Rand Paul is all about privatizing the National Parks and all the resources. Say bye to it all. Wake up.
Is English your second language?
PLEASE fix your hair, you will never be electable with that mop.
If u.s. GOP want sue Saudi Arabia for 9/11,will open a reason to IRAQ sue US for the invasion their Country,without any validity?
and hopefully on Billionaires that admit to not paying them. Go after @realDonaldTrump NOW!!!!
@mary122514 here here Rand

.@RandPaul We could just SAVE $$ by stopping occupation/attacks of their people. Then they wouldn't hate us. Just an idea. #givePeaceAChance
not only that but look at the wasteful spending of gov an the rediculous amount of taxes we pay! Arent u tired of renting from gov
the only true #libertarian that was offered in 2016 @GovGaryJohnson is just another progressive liberal
Sneak across this border and see what happens to you.
OBAMA TRYING TO GIVE ENTERNET AWAY TO KEEP AMERICA IN THE DARK, LIKE COMMUNIST CHINA, FOR MUSLIM TAKE OVER WAKE UP
amen
how on earth do u get that Afghanistan hates you? This is just lazy prejudice.Many afghans died fighting alongside allied troops
"countries who hate us" - define that- protesters in the street? their government? who determines what constitutes "hating us"
Please. Take a seat.
. Feel free to kick Mitch's ASS next time you see him ,if you speak to him tell him what kinda traitor SOB POS he is. Thanks RAND!!
Doc @RandPaul with all due respect,Afghans appreciate the help we get from the US,please shut your billions on the terror factory called Pak
That's'so good now go stop Obama from giving up our control of the Internet today.
What on earth are you talking about? Obama is protecting the internet from control by a few large corporations.
Obama protects nothing in the interest of Americans. He only protects his profit and the insidious spread of Islam.
you have my vote, thank you for what you do for my state and country!
since Trump doesn't pay federal income taxes,  he doesn't care.
Rand Paul will make a great president one day! No doubt.
So, are you proposing to do something, or just continue to feign outrage like the rest of the irrelevant Republicans in the Senate
I would stand with ya Rand, but I'd have to move... Maybe in 8 years bro.
thank you
I agree with you. I don't know why more people don't.
Because he's not saying anything real. Just platitudes while he wants corporations to rip you off and poison all.
run in 2020 I'll vote for you
