why no tweet about Trump's no fly no buy? It's that unconstitutional or do you only call out Democrats on that? #comeonman #Pro2A
I'm excited because @RandPaul is going to be live tweeting  #debatenight in 6  minutes.
Live tweeting from Rand awesome.... #StandWithRand
I'm honestly watching this for shits and giggles. Wish you were the nominee
compromiser, sell-out. Too worried about losing your Senate seat. Pledged for Trump. SMH
too worried?  That's funny bc he's leading his opponent by 12 pts.  He's far from being a sellout you typical troll
isn't happy about what? Supporting the GOP nominee?  He kept his real promise to support the eventual nominee
Don't worry I am a Kentuckian Rand will keep his seat for sure.. 
@epslette rather watch paint dry
cool, enjoy the debate between two Democrats tonight!
football is on. Maybe next time :)
I'm tuning into Monday Night Raw on the elliptical; more realistic and less scripted than politics
we can agree on that brother. I won't watch one.
did you buy that lot of five Bettis Certified shields?
no never did. Not sure what happened to them
I am LOVING your tweets!!!
Gooooo TRUMP!
RAND PAUL wouldn't miss it 2 mins or the best Constitutional genius ever!! #StandWithRand
.@RandPaul Who are you again?
anyone else you recommend we follow along with you for tonight's debate?
this is awesome
It's just a crying shame that so many Americans were too stupid to realize that we had a true hero & patriot running in Rand Paul!
wish it was you up there, sir. Please promise 2020. You will make it right. Hindsight  is 2020
this makes me happy
Please livestream the debates on Periscope app for us - Just in case MSM cuts feed or some other shady behavior.
this has been a special k report
you lost lol
what are you, about 6 years old?
you have 85 followers be gone
congrats on your 328.....your sooooo popular.  Regardless, your previous tweet was idiotic.
someone mad
Rand seriously.  Who cares what you think or tweet!!!
A hell of a lot more than you and your 10 followers. That's for sure.
Remember quality is more important than quantity.  Have a nice day!
Tell that to the millions of Obamabots.
rand speaks truth
cool
you are marvelous.
hate to admit that I don't know this, but who are you supporting?
I might watch just to give your tweets context.
Rand I'm a supporter of yours and I sure hope you don't pull some anti-Trump nonsense with your blogging of the debate.
It isn't too late to find your principles.
Will it be strange for you to actually be allowed to speak during a debate?
.@RandPaul You can do so much good n Senate. Stay in front & lead the Greedy to the right path. Maybe they will change but will not blink
Sorry bud. No Gary, no view. @RandPaul
But are you gonna fact check, @RandPaul? #DoIt #DebateNight
LOL
awesome, wish it were you on stage.
.@RandPaul I can't wait Rand!!
@PolitiBunny Okay Sen. Paul, but I was really hoping @CarlyFiorina was going to live tweet #debatenight She owns both Mr T & Hill
please provided indian time for #debatenight
the political commentator?
United States Senators have much better incite on politics than SJW's and two bit pundit hacks.
Many will be late to work in the morning after a sleepless night wondering about the fate of America.
gonna have to take a hard pass
You just made my day!Thank You!!Don't hold nothing back!!
I still support you Rand
Thank You For Your Dedication to Veterans & Soldiers. Should Be @SenSanders @ #debatenight #debates #Vets4Bernie @BernLouisville 
hope it's as good as your festivus! I'm a dem, but that was great.

You're so gross.
And you should mix in a couple acknowledgements to your followers, just sayin!  #MAGA
What an original concept! You are groundbreaking! #sarcasm #nobluefont  #HowDidYouLoseToTrump?
@joesonka I remember when you represented  the wacky nutjob wing of the Republican party!  #goodtimes
you could be a historical figure if you would speak out against Trump.. If only U knew
looking forward to your input
suckling at the Trump teet as usual
Good! 
go trump
Will be following
#debatenight will be entertaining. Hopefully, will also be substantive.
pretty cool. U played ur cards wrong tho pal. Trump will be president. U could have had influence with him if u hadn't dissed him
I hope you will do the honorable thing and consider what is actually best for our country!
you should hop on periscope with @libertariangirl for #randrally2
see ya next round  Dr
rand you should step up and support @realDonaldTrump you know that everyone took hits during the run up race but now is time unite
that is awesome...thank you! Looking forward to seeing what you have to add! https://youtu.be/qfz8WRUUYJ4 
Do the right thing and endorse Trump!!!
He endorsed as soon as he dropped out.  Said he was supporting the Republican nominee, no matter who it was.
He needs to make an official announcement via twitter or FB just like Cruz. Paul did not attend the RNC, not cool!
He doesn't show up,for Senate votes either.
Actually he has one of the highest attendance rates in the Senate.  You're embarrassing yourself
Last elections Rand did not have the balls to endorse his own father. Instead he endorsed Mitt.
He endorsed Romney after his father said he didn't have enough votes to win the primary.
Right! He supported the official candidate on live TV. He needs to the same for Trump/Rep Party.
cool.. so nice to know you will be around..
can you run for speaker we need strong leadership for America 1st
No matter what you think of Hillary, there is no way you can believe trump is the best thing for this country! Party loyalty? SMH
I've always Voted for your Father tonight I hope you'll support our Nominee Trump is our only hope 2 Make America Great Again!
who are u voting for. The future of the USA depends on it. Leaders Need to solve there differences
Can't wait!!
.@RandPaul 
Would never miss it 
FED the End!
gotta promote that KY bourbon
don't miss the debate or your tweets?
