will we be replacing with PUTINCARE? it's only fair
@alllibertynews @FoxNews @RandPaul , three plans, 25, 50, or 80 kilotons.
cozTHEY replace before repeal,vlad is a caring people person type KGBassassin.Rump will learn much!he knows who tolisten to!
The American people didn't ask you to repeal ObamaCare.
me too I asked too. Lol I guess the American people did ask for it.
No we didn't. Don't lie.
its not a lie. Many citizens I know have.
Why?
Better come up with something VASTLY better B4 you start a-repealin'....
the anklebiters are back.
Even if it kills them.
better have a replacement plan that actually works better or a lot of people are going to be really pissed off.
they have always said repeal and replace
I know. I was speaking to idea that the replacement had better be better. It'll be bad if they screw that up.
true idk how it could get any worse though
be balance of good/bad I imagine, just needs to be better. It's a complicated issue to deal with.
Only about 1 in 4 want to repeal Obamacare. You have NO mandate! 
why is race always being brought into it?
Rand Paul you are so worried abut regime change, did you get paid by Islamic regime of Iran,
Never doubted ya always lookin out for us thxu Rand.. #StandWithRand
With healthcare, prevention is a key component. 

Letting 137 Million just get sick or ill instead is NOT a solution.
repeal Obamacare? Yeah? How?! And with what?! Show us that first; what you're for!; not what you're against!
#FlakeBratHealthSavingsAccountExpansionAct
BC
You'll be hurting people in your own state. Many on expanded Medicaid stupidly voted for Trump.
Republicans only care about fetuses. Once you're born, you're on your own. You care about the insurance cos. NOT people.
Thumbs up.  We need state by state solutions for healthcare not a federal system.  Hope GOP extends this logic to justice
Health insurance isn't healthcare. We need to reform the healthcare industry. That includes easier access to medicine.
You really hit the nail on this one.  Reform Healthcare.  Health Insurance is a separate issue.
A lot of people don't understand that we need an American solution tailored to suit Americans...
Single payer make too much sense. It would hurt their donors.
The pharmaceutical industry is ripping us off! Please stop them.
@alllibertynews @RandPaul Won't matter much if managed care is still permitted to exist. Only entity to manage pt care is pt's MD
i hope they allow him the courtesy to go through the process. They would have to actually have a reason to vote against him.
you also promised to replace it. Your party so far can only destroy, it cannot create something to cover http://everyone.You  lie
when my insurance goes up every year do I blame Trump now.
Thank you!  I don't need maternity care...I'm old!
- Or get run out of town on a rail!
I'm sick of hearing about getting rid of it. I want to hear what you have instead.
but someone says different
so what do you intend to do with the 20 million people who are now insured  @RandPaul
Please..Do it!
with what? Is there an alternative plan?
Thanks to Trump & loyal voters it may be done. NO credit should be given to RNC or Never Trump people.
And replace it with what?
and confiscate his mansion in Hawaii bougth trougth fraud in pro of big pharmaceutical....
@Stand4Liberty_ @RandPaul Not parts of it...ALL OF IT!

who are these people you talk about.  When they get their bill in Jan they will be crying for Trump to help them.
No, you must present a superior alternative.
Good for you! As a doctor I'm so proud of you for taking away health care from those who need it (sarcasm implied).
I don't even want my penalties back. Just get rid of it. It is absolutely useless. USELESS #obamacare
If you could take care of that and eliminate Daylight Savings time, I'd be eternally grateful #OneIssueVoter
@Jcvasquez81 @RandPaul and what are u going to do with those people?
Hurt the middle class again. Were is the replace . Also I am tired of paying for your state with my federal taxes.
holding my breath for this 2 actually b true. #repealalloftheaffordablecareact #repealallofobamacare #leavenothing
The American people don't expect to be left with nothing!
wont happen
I HOPE so! next yr medicaid users have to pay 20%, these are people on a fixed inc already Trumps 1st broken promise
TAX SUGAR. Pay for HEALTHCARE

Do the right thing. Leave it alone if you don't have a better idea. Time is right for single payer
And what are the 20 million  Americans going to do in the mean time. Isn't ACA what Romney had in Mass.?
Those who don't want Obamacare repealed are those who get subsidized. Those of us who actually pay for it need it gone
I like you and I also like your Dad.  Good people.  Merry Christmas. Please get rid of Obama Care.
the thought of removing the ACA is terrifying to the GOP.  There is no back up.  Political slogan now they can't fix
yes and then only the RICH will be able to afford health care! It will be great
yea whatever dude. You guys are full of BS.
u "guys in the middle" don't want to pay for those unaforable. When it's those at the top who benefit from it
He'll do it.im sick and have to use insurance I can't wait till people see the http://truth.you  will miss it when it gone.
the people of Kentucky voted for you guys and hoped you wouldn't do that, time to show them your true colors.
And you promised to unite us and not divide us. Your plan isn't working.
And we'll repeal Medicare & social security too. You peasants don't need healthcare.
@alllibertynews @RandPaul 22 million AMERICAN people SAY DIFFERENTLY. Tweak it BUT TAKING IT AWAY WILL BE INHUMANE
what are you gonna replace it with?
Since when does keeping a promise matter?
you also said you'd replace it
@alllibertynews @RandPaul  There's more to repeal as well!
ACA in idea was compromise but was badly written by people who wanted to please everyone. Time, go back to drawing board

 #TrumpPresident #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpTrain #MAGA #VPEOTUS #PEOTUS #Trump #AmericaFirst
....ahhhh now we see the 'deal' u made for ur support of Tillerson 
(2/2) having access to medicine is a fundamental right. as is assessing and helping ones self. Forcing others to isn't.
Yes Trump, Ryan and his GOP Raiders will repeal it and laugh about it !!
#PresidentTrump made the promise to America! NOT the @GOP or any Republicans!!
for "something better".  Pfftt!  You'll die before that happens.
hey we who hv pre existing conditions don't really trust u to do that the correct way.
... I had high hopes for YOU and us...FOREVER LIBITARIAN...
we need too #yuge
You also promised a wall. How's that going?
Healthcare consists of many aspects with many components. While not every aspect is a fundamental right, some are. (1/2)
no choice but to do it, it is self imploding.
Yah Rand, now replace it with something even worse. This HC is nothing more then asking for charity from many Americans!
So what will happen to the Treasonous Electors who don't ditto their voters. I've got a good idea they should come clean.
repeal.... Lol don't even mention replace anymore.  Sorry 20 million people.  Back to the ER with all of you
Will you, Senator Paul and Fox News, support a replacement to the ACA, or just the repeal?
THIS IS MY HERO! #RANDPAUL2024
yes!
And privatize Medicare and Medicaid... fuuuuuck you, poor people :)
And 46% of people voted for a PResident that would do that - 54% voted for other people
don't do it. Replace it with the ideas Gingrich or Romney had before u got mad the black guy did it.

