credibility isn't an American concern for Congres or news.
@McConnellPress @BillCassidy @DavidVitter End #corporalPunishment which teaches violence #Indoctrination http://zacherydtaylor.blogspot.com/2016/12/obamas-opposition-to-corporal.html …
he only cites the constitution when it fits his needs
Absolutely! Presidents should not be making wars!
@alllibertynews @TheNatlInterest
...The #1 duty of the Federal government is to provide for the common defense.
yes, Article 1, Section 8 is clear
American credibility disappeared when @realDonaldTrump was elected by a minority of voters.
The "minority" was only so bc of one state. California itself gave HRC the pop vote. One state < all
overall minority across the whole nation pal.
She had the pop vote due to Cali, friend.
the orange turd received nearly 3m less votes overall.  #minoritypresident
Here, educate yourself.

http://www.chicksontheright.com/president-elect-trump-has-some-things-to-say-about-the-popular-vote-and-electoral-college/ …
lol.  Yeah OK Jethro. Haven't you got banjo practice?
I would be proud to be called Jethro, thanks.
#Gibbs #ncis #Adhominem
The gops have worked together with the Russian against Hillary, use gerrymandering and voter suppression
Right now the country is in crisis. The American People voted Hillary into office not trump
@YemenFightsBack @TheNatlInterest  Excellent commentary. Thank you!! 
WORD!
you know we have all Republicans. You know that means bigger wars. You know that.
Are you suggesting that you believe the War Powers Resolution is unconstitutional?
Will you be silent when CEO Trump sells America to the highest bidder?
the gops are traitors to the Constitution They are the ones restricting Freedom The gops must be charged with treason
the gops have purged many dems from the voting simply do to a duplication in name that could have been checked
It's not often that I agree with you Senator. But on this, YES. Thank you. #catholicforpeace
will you reclaim them under trump? Bush set this whole thing up. Or are your #sugardaddies making you do this
concerned about @realDonaldTrump misusing his powers?
-- Other than a handful of Rand Pauls, we have a bunch of wimps.  Make them vote and hold a position that they must own.
@alllibertynews @RandPaul @TheNatlInterest OBAMA HAD HOMELAND SECURITY HACK THE ELECTIONS
I vote Rand Paul President for the Secessionist States of America for a Christian way of life over and out: Berlin.*
The Constitution was founded on Belief in A God-and the perils and polytheism of "Original Sin"
So does this mean you/GOP/Congress are going to hold Trump accountable to the laws of the Constitution?
why Obama knows what's best for us just ask him !
I agree, we wage war to easily but we also are to loyal to our parties and not loyal enough to our country. Step across the isle.
You mean a government of the people by the people. We now have a billionaire government
why'd you give up those powers???
That’s true. So where’s the confirmation hearing for SC nominee Garland?
Fand as a soldier on the front lines in the undeclared wars of the last 8 yrs. Plz do this!
amen finally. What the hell is congress waiting for. Stop the madness
'the founders' couldn't operate a smartphone nor comprehend our current society. Well, except Jefferson (no generations rule)
totally
Raising revenue MUST be part of balancing the budget. We cannot keep pretending otherwise. Pay the damn bills!
we can thank BHO 4 that.
whether you believe in Rand Pauls foreign policy or not. All conservatives should agree on this.
It's not just American credibility that is suffering as a consequence.
Obama is a dictator without..It's time to stop beaucrates and take over the White House this is decades over due..Paula Kaiser
see, look at such an example. I'd say concede to Pence, but he is illegitimate too. Be very cautious of your new masters.
#StandWithRand
Disintegration of constitutional adherence revealed by attempts to overturn election results and the politicized DOJ, FBI & press
Congress needs to stop funding un-declared wars. When is that going to happen? POTUS can't go to war with no funding.
Congress must control @realDonaldTrump or US will have significant problems around globe
we lost our credibility a long time ago when pres bush started his illegal wars & pres Obama started killing people by drones
We do not need more war. We need to look at the constitution as a changing document that fits our current needs
YES! YES! YES!! We are getting fed up with the Executive's 'loosey goosey' funding and arming wo/regard to Congressional oversight
@EBrooksUncut @TheNatlInterest The people of Kentucky voted for you directly as a Senator. That's not what the founders intended.
or for once legally destroys free speech and our constitution
American's creditably already suffers. We just elected a reality show star as president.
lest he declare war because someone Mistroked his ego
you need to reign in every last ounce of trumps power before we r doomed. I can only hope obama neuters him for a while.
The incoming administration's assault on the First Amendment has already begun. Keep fighting, Dr. Paul!!
yes, and end DOE and other unconstitutional grabs of power - PLEASE fight for less government and less one man overreach
exactly like scripture if it gets "reinterpreted"  to fit society
If we wander from the path, eventually we will realize we are so lost that we cannot get back to our Republic.
Same thing goes for direct taxation and gold and silver coin as money.
start taking America back from those here who refuse to abide by our laws. Those who will not assimilate but expect us to!
Our Framers are rolling over in their graves! American the land of GREED!
hey bro, nice tweet. But didn't the founders intend to have blacks and women be second class citizens?  Good tweet!
No they didn't. Thomas Jefferson tried to abolish slavery in the Constitution but the states wouldn't accept it.
okay. But we're looking at the founders as a whole right?  And didn't you just say that the founders as a whole preserved slavery
States wouldn't accept the Constitution unless it persevered slavery. Doesn't mean the founders wanted it. It is what it is.
okay. So they wrote a document intended to protect slavery.
You might wanna check your photostock, looks like you used a pic from Mexico City by mistake.
@LeeAnnMcAdoo @TheNatlInterest so do something about it and quit yapping
I think we also have to consider the world is very different now. It's not an infallible document.
May I just say, Senator, I'm proud to have voted for you. We need 99 more like you!
you can enforce congress' war making powers by not financing illegal wars.  Currently 7 going on now.  Stop the $
You might want to work on the credibility of Congress IN our country.
The whole world is at war..
If we remember correctly, @billclinton left office with a surplus. What happened?
Bill Clinton's dereg of #WallStreet happened. His policies directly linked to 2008 mkt crash
@RandPaul @billclinton
Please cite references for you assertion.
http://content.time.com/time/specials/packages/article/0,28804,1877351_1877350_1877322,00.html …
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gramm –Leach–Bliley_Act
Start with Emoluments clause of Constitution. You finally have an ACTUAL US dictator to oppose. What will you do?
a bit of truth.
With regard to conflicts of interest as well?
That, Sir, is an understatement
they're using newspeak to avoid the term "war"
ex: kinetic action
Lawmakers & the executive office don't want to be pestered with silly things like the Constitution. They want unchecked power.
THROW DOWN YOUR WEAPONS..THE SOMS OF ISHMAEL ARE GOING HOME..PEACE IN TH VALLEY..GENERAL MACCARTHUR
