capitalism can exist without military force, socialism requires it.
what a reach. Simply,  government controlling the means of production, prices and economic outcomes is socialism.
why not detail to me how it is instead of just insisting I take you on your word.
expect no less of a stress from that rag. It's private business, they can structure it however they want
Denmark is the happiest country on the planet.  Stop with your lies. We must strive to put people over profits.  #GOPlies
New Hampshire is the happiest state. It's also the state that is the most free from government chains.
And the unhappiest states are: ... Tennessee, Louisiana, Arkansas, Mississippi, Kentucky, Alabama, West Virginia.
The only state on that list that ranks very high on the freedom index is Tennessee.
All those states at the bottom of the happy index you referenced have very low tax burdens.
There are many factors besides taxation (which is theft).
It's not theft in a democracy.  It's not theft if I'm getting something for my money.
The taking of property without the consent of the owner is theft. If I steal your wallet, and buy you candy.. theft
How many die under capitalism? Gun deaths, cancer from pollution, 25% of children in poverty. Castro was communist not socialist.
Orders of magnitude fewer than those in communist countries. Communists kill by millions.
A newbie heard from. Nice strawman though.
Communismn kills millions, Capitalism lifts billions out of poverty, and all you've got is name-calling. Pathetic.
Billions? That would have to include workers in China, SE Asia, SAmerican workers jailed/shot for unionizing.
Do you really not know what's been happening with poverty since 1800? Yes, child, billions.
Now who's "name calling?" Pathetic. Why not just go back to the Bronze Age?
Because poverty from Bronze Age to 1800 was pretty much a flat line. Again, how do you now know this?
no, they just live for the word "FREE" and not as in Freedom
Incredible ignorance in that tweet. Not only has there never been socialism but violence is inherent to competitive CAPITALISM.
@alllibertynews @RandPaul 

You actually have that completely backwards.
Nope. Just checked the tweet. It's 100% accurate. You're wrong. We're right.
Who divides wealth in your utopian classless society?
What do you mean "who divides wealth"? Wealth is created by the whole community and shared out according to needs.
The nice thing about being a socialist is that you have all that free time saved by not studying economics.
@alllibertynews My sentiments exactly Rand!
although I'm a hard core anti socialist, It's no use  hurting their sentiments by criticizing their dead leader.
Not to insult you, but I am sure you know the death toll US Presidents have brought upon the world.
Violance is necessary for the overthrow of any oppressive system by anyone of any persuasion...American revolution
After the American revolution, Tories were asked to leave, no firing squads ... for decades.
Inherent violence isn't exclusive to socialism. We must look to ourselves to be less violent. This is a comment from an old man.
@alllibertynews @sltrib no, that is only true for authoritarian socialism, not mixed systems.
we dont want socialism in our republic.He lived lavishly and let the people go hungry.take from those who work 4 who dont
 @1tiffanyl @RandPaul @sltrib @GeorgeWill
with whom?
@alllibertynews @sltrib violence is inherent to all the fevered dreams of the Paul family
Violence is inherent in human nature. Not socialism alone.
I'm glad you live far away from me.
Not half as glad as me Chuckles.

indeed your words are true
I will be voicing the same thought when all our traitors in the house and senate die off also. Sold out.
Wow. Thank goodness we aren't a violent nation like that ole Cuba. Douche'
and we see signs of it in USA, which has become WAY too socialistic! Soros & Globalists wreaking havoc
absolutely agree!!
Interesting more people have been killed under US failed regime change policies than by Castro. Yes he was imperfect.
@alllibertynews @RandPaul @sltrib Search for Castro executions on YouTube
Castro executed many is this worse than US in failed regime change or lack of gun control?
Yes, know why? Because, someone had to stop Saddam. But, will you now admit Obama is a monster?
try telling that to people you lot bomb everyday.
@alllibertynews @RandPaul Bombing other countries isn't new.  It's not pleasant, though isn't new+hardly the first to do it.
@DLoesch @sltrib The real Clinton treason is http://www.armypsyop.wix.com/shellgame 
If you care about wikileaks.
you misunderstand. That violence in particular was due to US banana republic, imperial ideology. Cuba way it is bec of our actions
So Castro set up firing squads because of your actions? Cubans were better off under Batista than murderous Castro
@alllibertynews @MaxKarafotis @RandPaul and the Island still had an economy.
And a lot fewer shallow graves
Who will be first Republican to call for mental evaluation of mentally unstable and unhinged Trump? History is watching.
So history wasn't watching when Hillary pushed for every US intervention over past 25 years?
@ToddWade71 @sltrib people flee in the ocean aboard cardboard boats from evil
I observed almost 30 counties compare to other countries individual freedom is more and racism is less in USA.
Who cared about Fidel Castro?
And we may be talking about trump's soon. Hope it comes quik, tho, for America's sake!
I guess I never studied socialism. I wasn't brought up as a socialist,
Violence is also present in capitalism, look what is happening in Dakota.Just different interests and different players.
@alllibertynews @RandPaul yes  UT socialism and communism killed hundreds of millions
Socialism achieves its repressive goals through intimidation and violence.
100% agree.
Shocking how close WE/USA came to Socialism! Thank God and #Trump for sparing us! #Castro set his country BACK 100 years
after its top intelligence office CIA tries to assassinate him around 600 times... wow.. you guys r really something...
a big fat bully picking on tiny Cuba and actually gloating when the it's 90 year old ruler dies of natural causes,
Castro was THE bully in Cuba for half a century
And yet, capitalist America is the biggest war monger in the world, being the cause the most deaths in the world...a bully
Amen Mr. Paul
Tyrants have a tough time finding loyalty. Sometimes it requires force.
@GrayConnolly @sltrib
The ideology is not to blame. It's the dictators who try to implement their own horrible version of it on their country.
@NHFDRicci @sltrib A Marxist socialist society - don't blanketly label
Proverbs 24:17

Do not rejoice when your enemy falls, and let not your heart be glad when he stumbles,
And #capitalism has never been violent? The lesson of history is that violence is inherent to those who love #power.
@DLoesch @sltrib of course it is, because when people starve they will fight to survive.
Sorry sir, you just made a very ignorant statement.
@odemevol13 @sltrib Always resurrected by generations thinking they can just better apply , tweak , find the right person to lead
@gatorsntheswamp yes rot in hell take nazi George soros w u
ur country have been involved in more wars than any other in history of mankind. Who threw te atomic bomb? R u socialist?
Thurs we were 20 miles from Cuba, wife said she would like to visit it some day, I said when Fidel dies, Fri I got my wish, truth.
Sadly the Canadian Prime Minister, true to his liberal totalitarian inclinations, chooses to favorably eulogize a monster
@DLoesch @sltrib  What life like under Batista. ?Trumpville?
@DLoesch @sltrib Are you saying you are a socialist?
I am afraid that not much will change in Cuba considering Fidel's brother Raul has been the President for several years
.@RandPaul The lesson of history is tht some US politicians still can't tell socialism & comunism apart @Berlustinho
The lesson of history is that violence is inherent to socialism. To Castro's death, I say good riddance. http://www.sltrib.com/opinion/4640553-155/george-f-will-fidel-castro-and …
yes. What he said.
defeat the leftist communist! #MAGA #StandWithRand patriots rise! Liberty will survive and thrive!
ALL mass violence is inherent to government, bub. Not just socialist ones.
yes and the history of nationalism? Ethnic cleansing.
I hold the outmost respect for you and your father however, the last sentence in your tweet made me cringe.
as though capitalism is non-violent? please tell that to all the ppl usa has killed & ruined. e.g. oil, cia & private prisons.
Hey without Castro & Cuba where would you have put your American torture colony, Guantanamo? Lol. Imperialist, meet dictator
You think Rand Paul is an imperialist? You have some reading to do.
No I think Americas actions in Cuba have been imperialist and if you don't know why, its you with the literary deficits
And has Rand Paul supported those actions, yes/no, or do you not know?
Wow you changed your tone and stance quick. Lol. Full of questions aren't you young man
I didn't change my tone at all. I was clearly right about you not being much of a reader.
to George as well.
Violence is Inherent to capitalism, hope you said the same thing about Milton Friedman.
@CraigRBrittain @sltrib  George Will is neocon scum. You know what they say about broken clocks.
#StandWithRand
Yea! Rand!!
These oppressive systems must be propped up by oppression and slavery.
I think you could just say that "violence is inherent"...
I agree, which is what we are seeing here with the left rioting the outcome
I'm with you Dr. Paul, thank you for being a voice of reason on this issue in a sea of revisionism.
yeah because the USA dropped flowers all over latin america during the cold war
You've reversed cause and effect. The Soviets used Cuba as their base of operations in this hemisphere.
Socialists look upon mankind as a subject for social experiments.
Frederic Bastiat
George Will is a boob.  But for once I agree with him.
The hypocricy here is disturbing. US is world leading in spreading violence around the world.
And the American Revolution and Civil War were violence-free affairs?
I want off this planet...
@IAmVerySilky ok Now about that No Fly Zone over Syria?!?
how about China , let them live their lives n let's live ours here with dignity
sad and true @sltrib
Right, because the US puppet Batista was such a benevolent dictator.  Your ameriKan hubris is showing.  Or is it ignorance?
@BernieSanders Dr. Paul speaks the truth, socialism is force, force = violence.  No such thing as "Democratic Socialism"
Wow. This here demonstrates the complete lack of human decency that exists in this world. This is reason why Trump elected. HATE
Castro’s Cuba never had socialism (a classless society of equals). It just had a privileged elite managing state-run capitalism.
:Distortion of history taught by Marxist professors
Lurk moar. Violence is part of every form of economic/social system. How else would you protect private property?
Capitalism, which sells goods for more than they're worth to enrich the few at the expense of the many is the ultimate violence.
even Bernie Sanders is not pro Cuba which tells you something.
Cuba was a communist country not socialist.
#facepalm
It's also inherent in a capitalist society too.  Just look at Dick Chaney's war.
https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/41124 …  search edgar mitchel's emails to Podesta
Dude U feign being clueless to score cheap points with conservatives
It's funny that he died on Pinochets birthday coming back from the grave to give one last helicopter ride
Violence is inherent to socialism and the USA was headed in that direction@we are taking the Republic back#maga
Violence is inherent to any revolution. History told us you cannot have regime change without violence. Sad but fact
I love  @GeorgeWill
Move To Impeach Everyone Over 65..
That Stuff Fully Happens In This Country..
false premise.  Socialism in Sweden, Denmark and moderate aspects of socialism in Europe were all peaceful internal policy shifts
thank u Dr Paul for the truth
My husband was on one of the ships (USS AUSTIN) that surrounded Cuba when Kennedy stopped them from putting a nuke site on us.
@AAMPTY Well said!
Must have been a lot socialists at those Trump rallies
well can't wait until you go as well so we may say the same!!!
Important to note those who induce tyrannical behavior. (Which, I know you understand) also.
haha cause the USA is a pure nation! What the CIA did to those men in the BOP was criminal
Good riddance? Thank you Senator! Glad I voted for you twice.
It's correlated to corruption.
Violence undergirded the founding of this Republic too. We need to be careful about ethnocentric self-righteousness.
hate the man or not the vitriol displayed for a mans death on twitter by or elected  is moist to say the least
Capitalism, Socialism, Communism - all look the same to me?
Can you pick which one has had the most devastating effect on the planet?
Not an easy answer?
Or maybe an easy answer?
