Bolton still says that Iraq War was a good idea. #noreally
You were elected by the good people of Kentucky--maybe we the people of Kentucky want to see what Bolton brings to the table
I am a Kentuckian am glad that Rand is doing exactly what we elected him to do. I need him to stand up against war hawks.
You are entitled to your opinion but not all Kentuckians who voted for Rand Paul have the same opinion as you
What the hell does a "Automatic No" Mean, the GOP,Has not had a drop of Guts against,the Obama Administration @RandPaul @USAvsTyranny
You've Obviously not been paying attention. Google Rand Paul Fillibuster...try again
Google, Really !
& he would have been ok with Romney? -
we r playing chess now & @RandPaul would b like a "rook" on the chess board. so I guess we're trying to pull a castle?
One thing is clear - Trump has a plan and he can't be influenced -
amen to that!
Can't stand anyone smarter than you are? Knows world events better than you do? I used to support you, but no more!
Thank you for opposing John Bolton - he should not be in any gov. office period
How can you believe in liberty and at the same time be categorically against regime change for dictators like Assad
Because regime change has not worked. Only more instability with worse people in power. Pay attention.
many Syrians who respect @RandPaul and his principles and deplore his opposition to intervention to protect them
Please...bc he's a clear and apparent WHACKJOB!
you need to rethink your position. You work for the people, not your own agenda.
no he works for liberty he doesn't need to fall in line within neocon chicken-hawks
leave the party now.
Bolton will be vice SOS!!
I agree,No on John Bolton!
Is Rex "Medal of Friendship" Tillerson any better than Bolton??
thank God!
Keep up great work senator.
@alllibertynews @Rare agree Bolton is not up to public service.
WHEN YOU BECOME PRESIDENT THAN YOU CAN SAY WHAT YOU WANT  YOU LIBERAL
Thank u Rand for tellin him and them it is not wise to putin the UN Bolton he's an ok guy but no in our Gov #StandWithRand!
@RandPaulFlorida @RandPaul @Rare Agreed, but Bolton is not an OK guy, he's a pure evil neocon!!
Good thing he has a mustache ;-)
great interview on @NPR this morning...
I prefer One shot one kill...automatic is for rare occasions
This is why Dems always win! They stick together no matter what! @realDonaldTrump wants Bolton. U sir should go along! #maga
@alllibertynews @RandPaul @Rare @realDonaldTrump Bolton-Rightly sed RUS wouldn't lv digital prints. Maybe faked by NKOREA etc.
what is wrong with Bolton?
Did you read the article?
did u read the article? Rand is right.
Is Right5, Really, Number1,It has not even happened,& 2, the only Broadcasting of what Your "Gonna do" is Obama !  @USAvsTyranny @RandPaul
GOOD and Thank you!
For 8 years You approved every radical obama put before you. Don't go against us It will b political suicide. #maga #Trump #Bolton
#StandWithRand!
Thank you for speaking up strongly and clearly against Bolton.
Who are you, the reincarnation of Chris Dodd? Get bent.
what's the largest budget items we CAN trim so Americans can get their mind around it? Obamacare, welfare, foreign aid? 
This stupid orange asshole is fine anyway. he wants war with china https://www.hongkongfp.com/2016/12/12/as-ignorant-as-a-child-chinese-media-blast-donald-trump-over-non-negotiable-taiwan-policy/ …
Senator Paul, thank you SO MUCH for standing up against John Bolton, or any other element of the increasingly insane Trump posse.
LOL!
LOL
SMILE

YOU WILL DO WHAT YOU ARE TOLD
NOBODY CARES WHAT THE HELL YOU SAY
who cares what you are anti Trump
- I'd vote 'No' on John Bolton as well. Stick with it Rand!
TRUST your assessment! What are your thoughts on this video? https://www.facebook.com/1758741457724205/videos/1788053661459651/ …
You have no idea how happy I am to know there is at least one GOP with some sense.  Thank you for stepping up on this.
Sadly, you're wrong. Again. #Sigh
agree with you.
You are a 100% right...I mean correct
could it be he shoots his mouth off too much on fox news
Why?
agreed!
Hope there is improvement in the healthcare plan for all Americans and mental health should also be emphasized.
Please speak out on Trump-Russia connection. I know you're a true patriot-this cannot go unchecked. TAX RETURNS and INVESTIGATE.
John Bolton will be a total disaster. America needs you to prevent him getting any position. Keep on fighting
Don't stop there. All of Trump's appointments are terrible to this point.
i hope sir block tilerson became sec of state.tilerson will sale usa secret document to KGB
DO LISTEN TO THE 1MAN WHOM WILL NOT HOLD BACK N IS ALWAYS LOOKIN OUT FORU AMERICA RAND SUPPORTS TRUMP 100 HES GOT YER BACKS
Does RP ever have anything positive to say, about anybody? He's either talking negatively or filibustering. Puzzling!
@billpostmus @Rare Rand needs some sleep look at that photo. He will be less cranky.
@billpostmus fortunately don't need him
@billpostmus @Rare fortunately
thank you... he is a turd
@billpostmus @Rare  bolton has baggage but hes smart and takes no prisoners
come on Rand. Play ball for a change
The whole country is counting on 4 Republicans to do the right thing & block bad choices; for the good of the whole, please be one
thank you
Thank you. No more neocon war-mongers. No one voted to have that crack pot at State
care to tell us why? He is quite qualified.
please torpedo this ghoul.
Hey rand!  How about being an automatic "no" on trump the traitor as well!
Please do same for Tillerson if named for Sec of State!
bummer, do they need your vote?
would like you to be a firm "No" on other picks but we'll take what we can get #CantHandleTheRandall
I vote Rand for secretary
bravo any supporter of the Iraq invasions s/b on trial at the hague.
@SenatorSessions @EricTrump @SenJoniErnst @justinamash @RepThomasMassie 

Id rather u guys kill this 1984
http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-12-10/senate-quietly-passes-countering-disinformation-and-propaganda-act …
Good on Bolton but shame on DT's conflicts. YOU of all should not want a kleptocratic leader. He will use the govt for HIS profit
Agree, @RandPaul . Bolton an interventionist! Please mention Obama sending another 300 US troops into Syria. Escalation!
I knew we could count on you to be fair and non partisan on this critical SOS pick.
Thank you Senator Paul for taking a stand against imperialism and a policy of regime change and foreign interventionism.
.@RandPaul @summerbrennan John Bolton is now least of our worries. We need immediate action to prevent a Russian plant from becoming POTUS.
Thank you for your voice of reason on Bolton in the oval. #notamandate #bythepeopleforthepeople
@summerbrennan @Rare hey,  me too
WE AGREE & the SOLUTION is Trump should be SoS & name Tillerman his DEPUTY= PERFECT
Senator, a hostile foreign pwr invaded US electns to install DT=INVALID Election. Ppl call'g for another! https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/scotus-invalidate-election-results-2016-order-new-election …
@summerbrennan @Rare No argument here - Bolton is like a rabid dog.
Where is your outrage over the Russian government hacking into America's election process????
Russian hacking into the election process is the same as the video that caused the Benghazi incident.
Thank You
@TheVoiceOfPaulR @Rare I wasn't picked for anything either, so I am a no on Bolton too, I guess.
Thank you Mr. Paul!!!
Mr. Paul, why aren't you talking more about promises of Draining the Swamp and same old story appintments?
so sick of republican disunity.  Support your new President Mr Paul!
Thanks, Rand. Bolton is batshit insane; had all these years to learn from Iraq, but didn't. IMO Rohrabacher is probably the best.
Get with the program and Patriots or shut up.
Well La Dee Da for you!

sounds like a bias.
I agree with you  @RandPaul I like John but he is too much a involvist. He strikes first and asks questions later. @TheVoiceOfPaulR @Rare
Just curious, is that your opinion? or do you have facts
I have studied John for yrs. As amb to un and as adv to Bush. Strng advocate 4 Iraq war.
So was most of Congress based on all the intelligence received back from US and other countries
I agree, but he advocated not just backed. Also, check out AEI. He is a senior fellow there.
You don't agree with some of the stances of the AEI?
Bolton sounds a lot like Reagan sometimes
senator, please stand up for this country, now is the time, join your honorable colleagues Graham and McCain. Russia! Putin! C'mon
why?
If you won the presidency you could put your own guy in there instead we will give you a participation award like the rest of the losers
He's a U.S. Senator - well respected at that, and fulfilling his obligation in that capacity. Hardly a loser.
no one needs his 2 cents.  If he doesn't have anything positive to say just keep it to yourself.  What good comes out of his comments
Doesn't have to be positive, it is constructive criticism. The "good" is it may thwart the appointment of a
dangerous war hawk to a prominent position of influence.
Maybe that mythical magical bubble around our country will keep us safe....
Please consider that the only regime change possible from State is against the Department itself.
Bolton can do it!
Patrick Kennedy must go!
We need somebody more freedom, peace, and constitution oriented for SenMajLdr.
It sounds like you can get onboard with Putin's Exxon buddy.
I don't think naive is the right word. "Different" maybe. Plus I would think he'd pursue the policies that his boss wants.
Senator, would you be a supporter of @DanaRohrabacher as Deputy?
Have Not you Lost Enough Enough? Does Not Tell You Yer OUT OF STEP WITH THE NATION??? GET A LIFE!!
Bolton would be a hugely big league mistake
jealousy rears its ugly head.
Rand or Ron Paul for Secretary of State!
I only live one state away... you not up for re-election for a while but things like this make moving to vote against you worth it
Good for you! Glad to see you have some balls!
then why did you endorse Donald Trump, who has supported every single Middle East intervention of the last 15 years?
maybe in your world
Donald Trump supported Iraq, Syria, and Libya intervention. Then cynically took it back to win the isolationist vote
thats just false my man. Besides, a businessman doesn't have the same intel our wise politicians do yet they voted for it
Not many seem to care about your thoughts as evidenced by your alleged run for the Presidency
maybe so but if you cannot overcome that do you really deserve to move on...
granted, whatever Trump spent on media was a drop in the bucket compared to all the coverage he received
that is a bummer but I totally understand your position. He is a make America First guy but a super hawk as well. No country build
