An opportunity to bring others to you and you "US/THEM" and denigrate. what kind of "leader" are you? #disgusted #historywilljudge
you being evil and nasty does nothing to change evil and nasty it only perpetuates it. Try kindness
actually she does not advocate that. but it wouldn't matter if I could prove it to you 100 ways, you've clearly made up your mind.
https://assets.vice.com/content-images/contentimage/no-slug/72b59e27590f93a06d05fc4fc59e7144.jpg …
Why would you say this? How is this helpful?
it's not helpful. It's just grandstanding at the expense of the public
To continue the us vs. them rhetoric is not leadership. Show us you care about the country-all of it.
Yeah! Like The Dems did!! Oh wait, wasn't it a Dem that said "we won, deal with it"?
Hardy Harr Harr these Hollywood  elite type raddle me stern sheets they do.
and I guess you're right wing corporate CEOs and such are not elite?? Laughable
you have the double standards here. If Dems are ok doing these things so are Repubs.
As opposed to the Trump administration figures who will waste tax dollars flying on chartered planes? Fiscal conservatives, my ass.
Is this a joke to you? #sadworld
its pretty damn funny, time to make America great again, and call out those who said they would leave
@luxorgroup savage!!!
you must be mistaken.... its a compliment

Senate GOP quietly adds tax breaks for private jets to tax bill http://hill.cm/IzxTfsg  
Will you be sitting next to all the KKK members that endorsed and supported Trump?
Did you just call Trump supporters racist bigots deplorable again.
Will you leave? @RandPaul oh and take your celebrity elect president with you too. #childish
Millions of other people feel that way, too. I'm sorry you posted this. I had respected you.
so disrespectful to a big portion of the country. He's just a self-righteous dick
@GGNJ2000 
Hope your still not watching,you have a better chance seeing Santa  on his sled take off
@alllibertynews maybe you should be watching what lobbyists and con artists, the orange conman appoints
Like Obama their words and promise are even more worthless than the self defeating policies they try to force down our throats.
thanks for trying to unify the country. I would expect no less from you
Let's see how many of them move to Mexico! Oh wait, they'll only go to countries with high densities of white people! #TrumpPresident
If
thanks for trying to bring people together. Really sad what you've become or maybe you were always that way
The establishment need not fear President Elect Trump But they sure as hell better fear We The People. We are awake and organized.
@bowhunter_va @RandPaul ABSOLUTELY WE WILL FIRE ANY AND ALL WHO BETRAY US LAST WARNING 
Me too! Tic Toc.
Still waiting
they pay more tax than you !
Well you'll be waiting a long time!
they r all talk
None unfortunately because they are all liars
Make it soon
Canada DRY surprise! Maybe Nicaragua! Look, when Macri won in Argentina many idiots said the same, nobody left!
@inkabinkabonk ;) lol 
I'm sure they're all searching for locations in France and Germany that have Starbucks within walking distance....
plus they will be close to there radicals they so adore.
@alllibertynews Canada doesn't want them either ! How about they go visit Qatar or SA and see how free the society there is ?
Savage!
Fingers crossed that it's @lenadunham (although I wouldn't call her Hollywood elite...)
We must stop this Leftist Ultra White Globalist movement sponsored by George Soros
don't hold your breath
@Dannoacton DO NOT HOLD YOUR BREATH... none will!
Whomever leaves first, I hope they take you with them.
#draintheswamp will start with folks like you
ass
I'll be watching to see how many promises Trump doesn't keep. Already backtracking.
@alllibertynews @RandPaul will be no different than most any other politician. What would make u think otherwise?
they won't liberals never keep to their word.
@alllibertynews well let's see if another country is as tolerant with immigrants as the US.
@alllibertynews i will be waiting to see the new Potus set e term limit on congress #draintheswamp
Trump said he'd be doing america aa favor!
none unfortunately 
or which one of the Supreme Court Justice.
Canada offering free tickets.
Wow, you'd think you'd be more mature.  I had respect for you, but you really are just like the worst of Trump's supporters.
And you though you were presidential material?
You deserved to lose to Trump
Can I buy their tickets...lol
it's all talk 
schadenfreude does not become you.
@realDonaldTrump    Hopefully these thorns in the sides of liberty will all purchase one way tickets. Keep us posted, Senator.
@bydefault us too
@runningforpizza   I just sent you a binocular. ! – at Pawleys Island Beach
did any leave get?
never been more jealous of the rich & famous in my life until now. Lucky bastards get to leave 
<--Loser
are you in public office & joking about the current state. Way to lead. #dick
I expected better from you.  You're from Kentucky, act like it.
@RepublicanGOP I know. Whitney twats all of em. Boo hoo.
It's a wonderful feeling Rand! Can't believe how wonderful this election has been
let's hope they all do, in fact let's get some new Hollywood some that appreciate what they have made here in America
@YoungBLKRepub #WhyTrumpWasElected
awesome! All that ranting and raving about being embarassed and leaving country was permanent lapse of reason! (Sorry@rogerwaters)
@YoungBLKRepub I'M WATCHING AS WELL DR INCLUDING ALL NEVER TRUMP&OTHER GOP LOSERS THAT CAN'T DELIVER ON SUPPORTING GOP NOMINEE
DJT
don't hold your breath. @Jantxnc
@YoungBLKRepub We're all awaiting the big departures.
@YoungBLKRepub None, they were acting
I'll volunteer to help them pack. All I want from them is to renounce their citizenship on the way out.
Don't hold your breath 
I never got to know you @RandPaul  and now I'm a fan.
We could only be so lucky.
@tweetchx this is why I only see movies of actors who supported Trump.
Good effing riddance to @amyschumer @lenadunham @BryanCranston @MileyCyrus @JonStewartHBO @chelseahandler @georgelopez
@RepublicanGOP rich whiney stars just need to shut up, some us don't make millions a year.
@vhfancc
@DarHuddleston Those celebs aren't going anywhere. All show and no GO!
@DarHuddleston They won't be leaving they know better there's no place like the United States
I LOVE YOU!!!!!
me too. Wonder if they need help packing?
should impose such a large carbon footprint with these jets to leave the US?
SAME HERE RAND THERE IS PLENTY OF VOLUNTEERS TO DRIVE THEM TO AIRPORT.TO MAKE SURE THEY GET OFF OKAY.
Would you be willing to participate/assist in this pursuit? Please let me know at your convenience. Thank you.
This would be followed by a congressional investigation into FCC rules violations and violations of any/all applicable laws.
Plenty of those socialist countries out there with 5doller mansions made of dirt
It is my intention to initiate a congressional petition demanding that CNN have it's broadcast license revoked.
Dr Paul I would like to make a request for your help.
I'll order the pizza and wings.
@jennifermcfarl4 List of Celebrities Who Said They Will Leave US if TRUMP is POTUS! https://youtu.be/BLQE2e7U774 
good idea, I mean it's a Thursday, no one should be working on a Thursday. 
there all talk Rand
I wonder where they'll go because Canada doesn't want them.
Many of them fly commercial.  Let's load up the Boeing 777's and pop them out of here!
Not cool.
@seymourbutz12  and the Hollywood goofs will leave behind their enormous carbon footprint when they leave.
Says rich, white political elite. No wonder you couldn't survive as a Dr. That "first, do no harm" thing isn't in your wheelhouse.
NAH they will take to the street with the snowflakes and think they can take back the election..
I would just like to see you take a plane and show up in Kentucky and do something #Election2016 #kentucky #sharethelex
@aaa111333zzz None of them! And if invited they'll be the first to visit the Whitehouse. ;-)
The Hollywood set is not too happy with us.

We did not follow their very specific instructions to us "little people".
haven't heard of anyone leaving yet. Wonder why media is not on this
Great way to show leadership and hope for unity.
You petty PoS.
@ThruthPrevials Americans will gladly pack their expensive luggage for them!
Here's to the Christian right's new First Lady. http://nypost.com/2016/08/01/melania-trumps-girl-on-girl-photos-from-racy-shoot-revealed/ …
@CoreyStewartVA    I get them a lift to the airport please let me know
lmao
@ThegodofRage  #notMyPresident #yesHEis
Doctor of what? Douchebaggery
Unfortunately none of them will because they all talk smack.
@flhrs98 , ah, NOT 1, maybe they should shut up more & listen for once!  They don't run the country like they think they do !!
I liked your father better.
@TheaDickinson I hope they won't travel to UK.
You first sellout
Hopefully all of them
I'll pitch in a few bucks for tape and boxes! bye bye.......
what a sad state of affairs this is. Your father would be so disappointed.
welcome to canada:
could we get each of them to take an illegal with them
@roadtoserfdom3 it won't be enough.  Like empty Greyhound buses to Canada.
Why don't you go to the airport for better view.
Don't forget to watch out fir Rush Limbaugh's plane too. We've been watching since 2008
Probably none. They are full of hot air.
you should go too
So childish! Way to try to unify and heal the country!
.@RandPaul I had more respect for you when you were acting like a senator, not when you're gloating.
.@RandPaul About 3.3 Muslims, if your guy had his way.
@foxandfriends 
Congratulations, Senator Paul! Your tweet was on #FoxNews
You're Famous!-er
Please make them & they will leave the rest of us alone in CA that voted $ Rep all the way down the ticket!
No one, because they'll all lying hypocrites.
jastone@ikedog101 none will Be leavingUSA its all a crock when their mouth is open crap spews out,there sad case
We can only but hope!
man, so disappointing to read this from you. I would have voted for you and went door to door for you.. now you sound like him. 
unifying words like these r why ur such a great leader-not. She won more votes! We a need a leader that unites! #LoveTrumpsHate
https://haveyoumovedtocanadayet.com/ 
@RobinBellocchio hopefully all of them that supported Hillary
@lorrai1 Don't waste your time there only paid actors .
oh good, a politician who is about dividing and mocking...what a breath of fresh air. And we wonder why politicians are useless.
You don't believe that the Hollywood Elites Hysterics should be mocked?

@alllibertynews @RandPaul
Doc your the man...LOL
Hope you're not holding your breath!
Please Doc. I don't want them in Canada
now they are saying we are racist for telling them to follow through! Smh
wait I can't find the middle finger emoticon...gimme just one second...  #BigotryWon #AmericaLost
how are you your fathers son...
glad your on board time to heal and fix America please help trump
@WheredidMaGo Lol love it Rand! #Celebrities Crying because they realize America woke up & don't care about their Liberal opinion
Lol! Agreed! #Celebrities Got served and they can't get over it either!
What are you thinking tonight when Obama does nothing, says nothing to quell the violence in many cities? Nat'lGuard 4 citizens!
why don't you leave make America better.
Maybe Scott Baio's career will get a boost by attempting to fill the void.
@Rockprincess818 None of them will leave. They are all talk. I will pay for their jet fuel if they will leave. Lyin Bitches.
I'd assume many are afraid of going to jail, bc Trump card was played, bye bye swamp.
@Decoder2 @RandPaul love it
bye bye Amy Schumer
@realDonaldTrump  Congratulations to two of my favorite people! Let's start the new year with  amazing grace a United  States
You have a TV?! Lucky! #EliteConspicuousConsumption
LOL!
@RodneyHigdon what is this sitcom going to be called. What is ur character name. Did he give you ur name doing the primary
@cinsta8.  Lol. Won't happen.  Libs just lie. Never do anything
@RodneyHigdon just bought a 60 in TV
@RodneyHigdon so ever time he need y'all to do something wow . #cantwait
@RodneyHigdon why would anybody want to leave . we are about to have the best reality TV show ever. #sideshowbob
@christmasdol they won't leave its all talk
Usual liberal fake threats and bullying
all talk and no action. They now realize no one cares or hear anything they said. They are entertainers only. So entertain!
you will never be as good or as liked as any of them
why are you being such a mean girl?? Twitter brings out the worst in everyone
Canada will gladly house the great men and women of film and entertainment as they make the ever so arduous journey first class.
@Rockprincess818 - They're cowards, ridiculous so called celebrities. Don't think before speaking. Just keep your word and leave
Waiting for Cher to go to Jupiter like she said GOOOO
Obamas  not done yet! Protesters in Chicago. This was set up & is going 2 let it get bad & then he will call Marshall Law.
HAHAHA U R soooo right
It's just not going to happen. Spoiled brats, the whole lot of them.
Dr. Paul, Like Hillary Clinton, all talk, no action.
Not enough of them!
that's for sure
if they don't go we should protest them!
