@TKoteskey76 this poll result is the problem with libertarians ffs
when your socialist friends decide guacamole is no longer of the devil we can talk.
This is maybe the best slap back ever 
@alllibertynews

Old enough to remember the original. Love both versions.
rand, I think it's really really bad. Thanks
This is our Senator. And Kentucky actually needs help. We are a self-defeating crew.
so you hate music or you hate that @RandPaul has a personality??
It is not a binary choice?
love you, Rand. This poll alone affirms your awesomeness. Pass on the Disturbed cover though.
With all due respect, Dr., you should have included "OOOOWA AH AH AHHH" as a 3rd option.
my mom likes it @RandPaul
my mom today: hey check out this Disturbed song
We think its a great thing.
@peralesjulie
Disgusting, please don't listen to it
Rand would you describe yourself as "down with the sickness" @RandPaul
i don’t care for it
totally awesome.
this cover is garbage *fire emoji fire emoji fire emoji
it's a cover, but play it. They do an absolute beautiful rendition of it.
hard pass
Hysterica
Disturbed did a great remake of Sound Of Silence turn it up loud Rand  #MetalHeadsForTrump
@kbloggins Santana
- outstanding rendition
What is it man?
took about three minutes for me to get into it. His voice at the quiet start almost sounded slowed down. Kinda weird.
great rendition
Find the Shaw/Blades version.  Tommy Shaw and Jack Blades acoustic with those harmonies is fantastic.
it sounds fine but it's still kind of stupid
That song is a shit sandwich with cancer sauce, garnished with a side of Ebola
just watched that Sound of Silence video for the first time tonight! Love, love it! But you have to listen to their other stuff!
OOH WAH AH AH AH
I played the music video before the first presidential debate and the ensuing laughter helped carry me through the night
this is why I love you #StandWithRand
Personally I think Simon & Garfunkel's version is better
#StandWithRand
@Dadspar depends. Is the cover for the troop?
Outstanding
amazing version It's on my "play at my funeral playlist"
original is way better.
its awful
Sidebar, Dr. Paul: what do we think of Faith by Limp Bizkit?
if the singer wasnt so awful it would be a good song
Listened to a few times, yeah I do like it.
Please never speak about Disturbed again. Thank you.
@breeversaw
fantastic
Nice choice of tunes!  Your old man was a hero.  Hope you take after him.
where do you stand on @jimmyeatworld Senator? #issuesthatmatter
the original (Simon and Garfunkel) was the best. My opinion.
I have streamed this video more than any other in 2016! Outstanding-Anointed! Blows original away!
the thing about disturbed,is it seems like if you've heard one of their songs,you've heard them all.
fantastic song. Actually feels much deeper than the original. His vocals are amazing on this song
It should be you in this race, keep your legs stretched out kid
it's good but the original is better.
lame cover - land of confusion much better
go to the 60's Handel on XMSirius
Too old to appreciate your play list. Glad You are in the Senate however.
go back to work
Disturbed isn't even an echo of Simon and Garfunkel... #SoundsOfSilence
Just don't play Limp Bizkit @RandPaul . Actually listen to whatever you what, I ain't your grandpa guitar teacher.
It's good song Rond
You sir, have great taste.
I will have to check it out. One of my favorite songs.
Paul Simon was scheduled to sing "Amazing Grace," instead sings The Sound of Silence @ Ground Zero on 9/11
@presleywalter_
the Nevermore version is better but it's an acquired taste.
It's not S&G, but it is an amazing version to me. Even Paul Simon gave his stamp of approval.
@da_fulgh
playx100
GOD NO

Better than the Simon Garfunkel version
great song, awful version imo
original is better of course but it is still good
not sure any other band could do it better #disturbed
when I first heard it I had to play it like 20x...not a fan of disturbed but he did a great job on this cover
The original was ok, remake rocks!  Very rare for that to happen.
amazing cover. David Draiman is quite possibly one of the best rock vocalists ever
.@RandPaul certainly an interesting twist on a S&G classic. I kind of like it!
wow... do you like metal?! awesome!
It's not often that Disturbed sounds sincere. Best thing they've done. @RandPaul
It's more powerful than Simon & Garfunkel's.
Not the type of music I normally listen to, but it was okay.
Excellent tune!
it's okay. Doesn't hurt my ears.
. You should add a little Korn or Godsmack too!
it's very big in the competition dance circles.....
now I have to check it out
You won't regret it
The video is great too it gives me goosebumps
Can Rand Paul get any cooler?
Great Song and a rare case where the cover is better than the original.
Great cover, though the one for the movie Watchmen was better.
Hail Putin!
WTF?
absolutely disgustsing
Anything from Monophonics
Surprisingly awesome! I was addicted when I discovered it.
Play some death metal!
what kind of question is this
OMG it gives me goosbumps LOVE IT
Is Rand Paul smart?
fantastic. On my @LMSnowflex playlist on Spotify
absolutely amazing! I'll never get tired of it!
Idk 

Here is the video
it’s alright, but nothing compared to a Rand filibuster!
