cnn,really!
sorry I refuse to watch @CNN REFUSE to give any ratings the ppl have spoken and will not fund liars with my ratings
Do unto others! Let's get something accomplished before the herd starts moaning and groaning please.
where can we watch? I don't have CNN.
Keep your message the same, change only the letter behind your name- your run for President will go further next time.
.@RandPaul @MrNoahItALL CNN? No
Ummmm.... help?
sorry, boycotting cnn for their biased coverage
WHO The f**K Wants your opinion!? We don't care for trump's, certainly could care less about yours!
@Mike_Beacham Rand--my man. You're the voice of sanity. Bolton needs to be sent to Guam. The war he starts there will be small
CNN? GET REAL RAND! TOTALLY SATIRE!
Did any rational person expect #Trump to make intelligent, rational choices for members of his cabinet? Birds of a feather flock together.
why don't you wait until trump says it instead listening to the failing msm . Don't let me down
Why @CNN you wanting their special spin to add to the twist? Only sheep follow CNN.
after this unbelievably shallow election season, it's reassuring to see that there's someone who haven't abandoned his values.
Don't just complain!  Float us some NAMES!  For Secretary of State!
Thanks for speaking up! Trump talked a good game but it'll be very disappointing if he elevates warmongers

 #NoToBolton #NoBolton
I trust every word you say n stand behind u 110℅ nomata what you know what your doin full trust. #StandWithRand he is 4 us.
Sorry I don't watch CNN.
I can't believe I voted for you. Trump rids us of Hillary and the first thing you do is act like a Democrat hit man. #Ryan
Why don't you keep quite and let Trump do the job we hired him for?
Total disaster Bolton or Giuliani need someone that knows what diplomacy means. Please stop those two from becoming Secretaries
well said...Diplomacy calls for someone with a diplomatic approach
peace with Russia is good.  A non interventionist foreign policy is good.  Let's rebuild America not the rest of the world.
I want to be your aid. I'll come out of retirement to do it!
no more neocons! Please
sorry but I don't watch @CNN
an we get a word in about Bannon too?
.@RandPaul If you want your opinions heard by the MAJORITY of VOTERS, get on @FoxBusiness . @CNN reaching fewer voters than Gilligan reruns
Say NO to John Bolton！Bolton is an establishment hawk  who wants to bomb now & think later & will lead the country to stupid wars
what time?
Rand...please save us.
Please say NO to John Bolton!
NO WAY WILL I LISTEN TO CNN. DONT WASTE YR BREATH
@mariannecope same old neo cons. What revolution? What swamp draining?
ugh, CNN.
What time?
well repost the interview, I'm at work all day and don't tune into CNN, but would really like to hear what you have to say 
Dr. Paul, your voices & action on important issue is counted more than ever 4 our country & world...
I wish that you would be considered for a position in the cabinet!  #favoritesenator
genuinely.. I would love to.. but I cancelled CNN
oh we will be holding our breath...NOT
who cares
my TV doesn't ever go to CNN
No Bolton or Giuliani. Please hold his feet to the fire on foreign intervention. You now have this responsibility during Trump.
maybe put in a word that Newt needs to GTFO...I remember.
Why would you go on @CNN after learning how corrupt they are?
We need to make a lot of our citizens foreigners if you catch muh drift 
@katkars10 I voted 4U, time to kick some but in the Senate!!!
@katkars10 I will catch the clips later, maybe.  
#CNNLies 
#CNNBlackout
Always enjoy what you have to say, but I cannot force myself to watch CNN
cnn doesn't care what you think. Americans do tho.
Hope it gets posted on YouTube. I'm not going near CNN.
Please help Americans LIVING abroad! Millions are suffering from #FATCA, #CBT, lack of privacy and IRS harassment. STOP IT.
if Trump is legit &not another puppet will he consider you or your dad as a cabinet member?
Not all the world agrees with Mass media. http://ellinomangia.blogspot.gr/2016/11/trumpence-definition.html …
@CNN @RandPaul We "the deplorables" have boycotted CNN!
I have a few things to say about the early foreign policy personnel choices of the new administration....
I'd rather not hear ppl smile to my face and stab me in the back, @CNN is out bigly.
why aren't you in the running for a cabinet position or your father?
Should have went on Fox. No Clinton News Network
BOYCOTT CNN, giant lie promoters.
Dr. Paul, why say on CNN, who have zero credibility at this point and are being boycotted by everyone with IQ over 75?
what time. Something tells me this Berniecrat will agree with what you're going to say. Dangerous times ahead.
I respect you but WE DONT WATCH #CNN SORRY...
Stay off Clinton News Network! Facebook, Twitter & Reddit drove GOP to victory. Lesson? Go direct to the people. MSM not credible.
sorry will be missing, #turnedoffCNNmove over to @FoxNews
Wrong channel Dr Paul!
What time?? Central
noooooo Doc. I cant watch them any more!
scratch that. You'll be better than Rep Israel. God, he sucks. So does coumo
Sir, I respect you, but not CNN
If you stop letting CNN have your interviews it would diminish its power, little  it is. If they'd more honest treatment of News
he just wants to get his message out.
Unfortunately no one wants to watch CNN
we don't watch #fakenews #cnn @CNNPolitics #boycottcnn
.@RandPaul Give 'em hell.
don't feed into this media narrative of divisiveness. They are trying to find rep push that narrative
I signed the petition favoring Ron Paul for Secretary of State.
How about @RonPaul #fedchairman ?!
Excellent idea!
WE DONT WATCH CNN SORRY...
Anybody who goes on CNN you must wonder about
Love you, NOT @CNN. Sorry I'll miss you today.
hopefully not positive things.
#StandWithRand
