And the US couldnt find enough money to fix the Flint water problems.
That should not be a Tax Burden on all Us Citizens. The State of Mich should foot entire bill
Sigh* stop saying money was the issue. It wasn't/isn't. Politicians mismanagement is.
Has anyone considered the lead pipes that r the homeowners  responsibility. NOOOO
That is the responsibility of the homeowner. Flint also has an issue currently of water main and
service lines. Which is the major hold up in negotiations. Which is the responsibility of the city.
the emergency manager responsible was appointed by the GOP Governor. They failed. @QPublic8 @angepurs @FoxNews @RandPaul
Politix aside Its f'd up.Heads on a platter is my opinion Make em face prison
You know you're being misleading and untruthful when you blindly source @RandPaul and not the actual studies.
Combined it's 00.0105% the Federal Science Budget which is itself 0.7% of Total Federal Spending @FoxNews @KoskionFOX7 @RandPaul ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
wasting money to see if wasting money is helping... lol you can't make this up
:  I hope that you will show significant waste and fraud rather than trivialities, and what you have shown is trivial IMO
Outrageous!  There are millions of wasted tax dollars.  Frugality need to be the key word in our budget.
there's no way this can be a real thing. If it was ppl need to be fired.
How about the fact we spent 16 trillion dollars on the Wall Street bailout? That seems like a bigger waste to me
@alllibertynews @FoxNews @RandPaul still shouldn't have been done. But, you have no concept of reality. Apparently...
What was the conclusion on the third study listed?
Back in the 60's arms race we spent 1.5mil. for  a pen that wrote in space. The Russians used pencil.
Why dont we c the salaries of Congress on here?Capital Hill  was a complete waste of $$. U shud b paid only days u work
does this include the wasted money investigating HRC?
@alllibertynews @FoxNews @RandPaul money well spent! Crimes probably should be investigated.

@freedom3556 @RandPaul << is who fox should have promoted as president. Shame on you for promoting Donald Trump instead
it all stops Jan 20

Yeah because Bush 43 was totally better.
this is outtages.
two wars, $4 Trillion. C'mon guy. Don't go after pennies when there's Benjamin's on the floor
let me guess you hate this govnt  waste for jobs but you love the tax dollars paid to Carrier to keep 730 jobs in IN?
fake news for idiots.
@EagleJack7 @RandPaul you forget tto add in the +$200, 000perhour it cost to fly old outgoing potus around
is a posturing peacock. If he really cared about saving money he would pay attention to improving people's lives.
while I'm not denying this is stupid, what about the billions of money we are wasting in the Middle East?
exactly, maybe money could be spent on something more important like ACA & keeping MEDICARE. Not your $, we worked for it
What do these add up to? 30 million? Will that balance the budget? How about no free healthcare for congress? Or pensions
Fractions of pennies compared to subsidies for big oil and other corporations. When will you increase tax on billionaires
Gosh isn't this terrible considering the 6 TRILLION dollars the GOP spent on 2 ill advised wars.
@alllibertynews @RandPaul "The Book of Pork"
The American public has a grievance: PE without mandate, election hacked by Russ. We want bipartisan Select Committee.
what a ridiculous waste of tax dollars
how about 250k for me to study if I'm happier with 250k?
#StandWithRand
- Divide your annual federal income tax into just one of those stupid programs and see how many of your lifetimes to pay
No one is better at wasteful spending than the US Government....waste, fraud & abuse must be stopped.
When I was a kid school walls were an ugly green.  How about a study of primary colors on babies & kids?
Let's add to the list, "citizens paid in to social security and Medicare our whole life and you want to destroy it."
We are just kidding, right?
WTF?
What can you expect from a looser Obama.
This is a joke, right? If not, get the tar & feathers ready
#Benghazi hearings...you forgot
ALL politicians are GUILTY of wasteful spending. As a bus man who knows how to read P&L @realDonaldTrump may end this.
If anyone sees values in these programs, apply to the Clinton Foundation for funding or fund privately.
that money could go to help vets and the homeless.
What!!!

I'll bet these r Library Left grants & is why Democrats voted HRC & are so worried about @realDonaldTrump as President.
When are you going to do something about this. I can make reports, We the People want to know Action Taken.
doesn't even cover Obamas greens fees. All of our politicians spend like drunk monkeys. THATS why Trumps elected.
You forgot the millions spent investigating Hillary Clinton.
the last one said it all
.@FoxNews @RandPaul LMAO...More fake news from the Founder of fake news.
don't forget about the 8 million each time the republicans lost investigating the emails. 9 times.
I'm sure a situation that delicate was more important than selfie studies
$72 million coming to the same conclusion?
Don't you celebrate Christmas anymore?!#Festivus
how about the 6 billion Clinton and Obama lost, I guess that just vanished right
And his source?
I'd love to see an independent confirmation of the data, rather than assuming Rand's word correlates with facts.
Do you have a waste report on the DOD or the Clinton"investigations" or the do nothing Congress? Yeah didn't think so
who got these grant that will surprise you even more
Yet we have seniors dying daily who can't afford food and medicine. What the fuck America?
privatize it! That'll help @FoxNews @RandPaul
this is crazy !
What about Benghazi and Email probe you all look like fools!
what a waste!
Mind-blowing!
why do we keep seeing these year after year??? When can we see a report of the pork being cut??
bastards should just pay off our student debt instead of these ridiculous ass studies  money spent on stupidity
you took the loan pay for your own debt. (Not saying these studies are any better)
thx for ur unwarranted opinion  u missed the point! If they r throwing away $$ then throw it to my loans
or infrastructure
or tacos 
I'm cool with that.
https://www.facebook.com/OccupyDemocrats/videos/1365007986925585/ …
great but where is the trillions wasted on defense
he mentioned over 30 million in DOD.

IIRC didn't they loose LOTS of money this year and tried to cover up?
#Festivus I've adds those to my list, now feats of strength on the pole with bagel.cheers!
that 375 k would be worth it f it would stop the gov. from funding studies altogether,but that would not enter their mind
You do know that gov funds studies on defense, medicine, agriculture, etc?  Stopping gov funding of research would harm the US.
whle thre r sme thngs the gov fnds tht mit b good,mst thngs tht the gov fnds ends up beng subsdes to indstry,tht dsnt need thm
Oh my aching scrotum! Gee, how can I get in on these phony studies?
Thats just a crumb of fleecing, Where is 6Bil from State lost under HRC, N 250Bil the Pentagon Hid?? 256Bil Total
Homeless people continue to suffer
Did you independently confirm this information, or are you just repeating it?
Of course they copied and pasted - that's why its spelled correctly.
C/P is fine if they also researched each of these numbers and studies themselves. Is this a news network or gossip?
PR and nothing more.
What a pathetic way to spend the hard earned money of the U.S. taxpayers! @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
Thanks! You're a great American Kula!
#StandWithRand Best voice we have in the Senate!  Hope to see him in the White House one day!
