Veterans or people that pay your contributions? Sorry mate, don't buy it after voting AGAINST veteran rights.
Which never happened.
Please provide how Mr. @RandPaul voted just for these bills alone: http://usuncut.com/politics/happy-veterans-day-5-times-republicans-in-congress-screwed-veterans/ … #veterans
He's not even mentioned in the article. Sad source on your part. Especially assuming he's part of the typical "GOP" crowd.
I would really like to see what does he do for V.A. I have employed more than a few vets, no kind words given.
Glad you chose to help them. I respect that. I think you're unfairly assuming he's objecting for the same reasons as av GOP pol.
To clarify, vets had no nice words about GOP and Mr. Paul. I'm non-partisan, but sad to see the level or conversation in the US.
Well, it's quite possible that it's due to people misrepresenting his opposition.
But...but...your Trump guy said he didn't see why we needed them???
"His" Trump guy ? The guy he's not currently endorsing ?
Actually, @RandPaul is endorsing since Trump is the nominee and he's said that numerous times.
Research something before you claim it to be true. https://youtu.be/VZBuDfD_yfI  -May 2016
I did, smart ass, and this is more current than yours.
@BuzzFeedNews You clearly don't know what an endorsement is and what it requires from a U.S. Senator.
Hillary is... and so did Obama.
It says right in this article that it's already common practice.
good for the AL... feds have been destroying our rights while we've stood by for far to long.
@SoonerGirl000 thank you Senator.
exactly who is threatening to take guns away from veterans? That's what I thought.
Vets who simply applied for assistance filling out a gov document where added to NICS check list and denied
@LoveuLynn THANK YOU
Can you work on the illegal spying too? @cruchofcofee
hey, GOP, "support our troops" is NOT a Slogan / Photo op
no one has made steps to rake guns away.  Why r u frightening people.
The left...
@tgradous   thank you ......
@TEX_49 happy for those veterans to use them to shoot innocent people or for their kids to shoot them?
If I ever feel like the US is doomed and full of liberals, I come right here and It reminds me that I'm not the only one
What about the veterans who suffer from PTSD and the ones who suffer from suicidal thoughts? Just let them have guns? #NRAPuppet
oh shut up. U yanks and your silly guns. And then you write that sadly there are too many Americans in Prison? Common sense comeon
@lesstaxingcpa Already happening, via mass ptsd diagnosis, is it not? IMO, no loss of rights or property w/o a JURY!
Where has Dr. Paul ever said he was pro gun violence? 100% made up crap by anti-constitutonal ilk like yourself.
@alllibertynews Hillary does want to abolish the 2nd.. Heck she even said she was not against Sharia Law at her last rally! TRUMP
#thanks for sharing about veterans, have a great Wednesday :) (Via ➪ http://bit.ly/freefollowers__  grow followers )
This government fears their own people more than they fear illegals & ISIS terrorists! Means they have something they are hiding!
I'm a veteran, know other veterans. This is not one of our top 5 concerns.
You lost to Trump.
Obsolete.
Not even the loudest ignorant in the party.
Who are you?
The guy with the squirrel hair.
That's it.
@RandPaul
@Marmel @RandPaul
Wake up, it's over. You lost.
Actually, he just won his party's senatorial nomination with over 80%. Keep up the productive rhetoric.
I don't know, I've had a gun and a bag of weed in my closet the last 20 years, I've only been nervous about the gov taking one....
@DrSueDVM I appreciate your efforts Sen Paul. You are part of such a small minority.
@DMashak love this thank you!
If the congress allows that Dr Rand it will be them. It that will be damned and worse.
@alllibertynews
You #republicans take Their benefits.
@alllibertynews Thank you Dr. Paul for fighting for us! We need more people like you at the WH! Please cont 2 fight the good fight
Thank you Rand. I have a lot of respect for you.
Well Dr. you better get busy. Our gun rights are being attacked daily.
your dad is ruining your chances with Trump.
@cdayflint what would happen if we had an invasion and the American people had their guns taken away we would lose our country
what is your country's obsession with guns!!!?!?  This is some serious pandering to the masses...us politics is such a shit show
thank you.
no one wants to take guns away from veterans.  This is unnecessary hype.
Thank you RP
@realDonaldTrump
Thank you Dr Paul Rand
Nobody is trying to take anyone's guns. You should watch President Obama's PBS Newshour post-show Q&A
how about being damned for misrepresenting a serious issue and using our respect for veterans to do so.
What will you be able to do about it Dr. Paul? The government is out of control.
Well, they are doing without due process. It is the primary reason soldier is asked about emotional state at every PCM visit
@HarperCampaign @SenThadCochran @SenatorWicker @RCRWMS @WLBT_DKenney @16WAPTNews should our ms delegation make a stand with Rand!

here in the whole of africa, we love U, Trump, Ben and all anti Obama and Hillary #Trump2016
How many times have you told the truth about the unabated killing of harmless Biafrans.
they've been profiling Vietnam Vets and taking their gun rights away by hook or crook.
you and your father are true Patriots. You both opened my mind to Libertarian idealism. *virtual fist bump*
no one is talking about taking guns.....
@alllibertynews @RandPaul You mean like @HillaryClinton not talking about taking out businesses by regulatng them to death?
she ain't gonna do anything.  Ps I voted @SenSanders and now I guess Gary Johnson
you would be a GREAT VP Sen Rand Paul seriously. You would pair well with @realDonaldTrump I wish he would pick you.
Probably, yes.
.. Then,  let's come together and unit this great country. Time for you to decide
https://www.gofundme.com/235g4q78 
I'll be damned before I let this bogeyman get in the way of rational solutions to gun violence.
.@RandPaul 
What if it during an adjustment period known for high suicides?
you dont have enough support to even run for dog catcher.
so u can blame gun killings on mental issues, right? Stupid! Yes people have motives to kill but fact is guns are the means. Think
that a boy Rand!
Your dad would be proud!
#StandWithRand #UnSuspend #PresidentPaul2016
thanks Rand a least someone with a back bone in our government. This country needs healing and to use common sense.
I got your six!
who is trying to take away their guns? Like, actually invade their homes and take their guns?? Anybody?
Voted for you in the Indiana primary. Conscience to the republic.
@MilaMcKeown even the crazy ones with #PTSD ?
Guess you're damned because they are doing it.
@bartmckinley 
Damned Rand Paul! Lmao
excuse me, who is taking our guns away? Please share your facts.
@darthcalvin why does Kentucky run background checks on concealed carry holders EVERY month?
who in the government has said they would like to take the guns away from veterans?
what do u propose for responsible gun owners to not be put on no fly list like admin wants
Stop the prescription management program. AwarEx.  Right vs Remedy is Hobson's Choice.
good for you. Thanks for your service
Very effective congratulations.
damn straight.
who's trying to take away anybody's guns?? That was just a conjured up notion made by extreme right-wing nuts.
OOOGA BOOGA! Me put words together to scare people.
darn right! Keep up the fight!
I hope @realDonaldTrump asks you to be VP
I really hope that you will be our president one day soon. No one understands Liberty anymore.
By the way, the government is not trying to take veterans' guns. Stop perpetuating inaccurate propaganda and stick to pandering.
You meant to say "Protect the parts of the Constitution I like" - not the whole thing, right?
fight for oall of our rights. It seems a lot who have tweeted on this issue are ignorant libs and against the 2nd amendment
I wish you were still in the race Dr. Paul! If you were, you would have my vote. 100%
@JeffBales6 I love Dr. Rand Paul.
Liberals will stereotype you as a paranoid white man. Funny how the Left thinks only white people have guns.
that's why they diagnose them PTSD so quick (mental illness) blocks gun ownership
Rand if Hillary Clinton becomes President I assure you that she will get rid of the second amendment rights through gun safety
Showoff manipulator, you twist to meet the needs of the NRA. Such integrity!
Although the 2nd Amendment only applies to weapons for use in a militia, which is armed by Congress. Nothing in private use.
@alllibertynews @RandPaul Private citizens can form their own militias
They can, but that wasn't the intention of the Framers. The Constitution nationalized the militia. Art. 1 Sec. 8
I'll be damned before I'll allow @RandPaul to set fire to this adorable puppy. Damned I say!
What government is trying to take guns from people? #StrawMan
this is a play for the @ricksantorum wing of the GOP, unintelligent & uneducated 
https://youtu.be/0n5oa55EsmI 
kinda bummed you are not nominee.
Your constituents don't need any more fear mongering.
YES RAND  you gotta run in 2020!
nobody is taking anyone's guns. Show me documents of legal firearms taken.
I understand, but if they have possible mental issue and because they were in war environment, wouldn't  u want some restrictions.
@susancurry874 Would u consider 3rd party run?
how many guns has Obama taken in the last 7+ years? Waiting for your answer.
thank you Mr. Paul
I support the Ted Cruz-Rand Paul ticket!  They are the only two that know what the Constitution says and are willing to obey it!!
When voters have extraordinary  individuals like @RandPaul and @SenTedCruz before them, who would choose Presumptive One instead?
@dknight716

If you want to make sure your name stays good you should distance yourself from ChinzHungLo
Still waiting for @potus to round up all the gun owners and take their guns like you nuts keep claiming is coming...
lost my guns for life for a domestic violence that I didn't even commit but plead guilt too. Would like my rights. Already gone
are veterans the only ones who are "protected" by the 2nd amendment?
I think with your support of #Trump2016, the Damned Train has already left the station
instead of fighting these fake take away gun bs why don't you fight for their wellbeing of mental health.
You're as irrelevant as your hackneyed, false talking point.
you need to read up on HRC
fishing for a veep call?
damn it arm military on their bases and teach people what the damn law says about Nationals that's the people.
You got no national votes, did not win a state. Your views are fringe. In fact what the heck are you even talking about
still #StandWithRand!!
Literally no one is doing that, @RandPaul. Stop being so dumb, please.
Oh what a load of crap ...  How can you be So progun...  to allow terrorist on the watch list buy guns and ammo? #prolife my ars
Senator, this is exactly the kind of BS rhetoric that got us Donald Trump.
Weak ass Obama, his only platform was to take our guns, and he still hasn't done it.
get off the NRA teat!
What part of the government is it that is threatening to take guns away from veterans...or anyone?
Hillary Clinton is on record saying this
LOL, wut? Someone needs to check Dr. Paul's mental health.
no one is proposing to take away guns from anyone! No one is eliminating the second amendment!
Leak Reveals #Hillary #Clinton's REAL Plan for #GunControl Once Elected! #NRA
http://conservativetribune.com/leaked-hillary-audio-plan-guns/?sc=iat …
In this case NJ seems to stop active military from having a carry permit. Ridiculous.
@alllibertynews @RandPaul @townhallcom yet criminals still get guns.  Imagine that. #Libtards
Sure. You should not prevent them to commit suicide.
All of a sudden Rand is selling woof-cookies. Late to the party? #tcot
They could hide their guns in your perm. Oughta be safe there.
22 suicides a day by veterans. Most by guns. That's sad.
Suicide is sad.  So is using suicide to justify gun control.
Who brought up gun control?
Several have, and I thought you were going there.  Apologies.
And if everyone was armed there would be no mass shootings! PTSD or not. If you don't care to be armed, fine!
don't be so dramatic. No one is doing that. Please don't let me lose respect for you too - I have so few politicians left 
hey Dr. How's that nominee doing?
