Thank you. However, that doesn't qualify you for president
Gave Rand Paul the time of day. Instead our 2 major candidates are 1 in the same just masked as opponents.
I see no there there with Rand Paul. Cruising off his father's political cred.
he fights for our privacy rights, I very much appreciate him.
He wouldn't fight for you privacy as prez.
any reason you believe that?
I believe it because the current system of nat'l security demands it.
so our rights should be curbed to counter terror? Not so sure I agree.
Sounds like you're giving your time and resources to those who desperately need help! Thank you Dr.Paul! 
what is wrong with you? This man is helping people and you are criticizing.
Have you ever met him? He is very humble. The people he helped are real. They asked to tell their story
.@RandPaul Yes we know you're not at the plagiarism convention.
did you notice none of the pics show an actual surgery?
because that's a HIPAA violation without written consent of the patient.
true, but are pics of him doing surgery not showing a patient also a violation? I'm not up on HIPAA
it's much easier to get a waiver for a simple preop interview picture. Plus intraoperative pictures might make people sick ha
true that #icky
Any of you idiots stop to think maybe he said this to show he's NOT a worthless POC politician like most & giving back? "Pro-Bono"
Rand Paul is doing God's work. That's serving Your fellow Citizens. Dr. Paul's actions speak louder than words. Thanks Dr. Paul
@gcamp4 WAY TO GO RAND.  VERY SPECIAL 
@USAlivestrong it would be great if you could make to the convention for a quick speech, sir
@C4Constitution that's good rand Paul THXS for doing I'm sure ppl need it THXS need be in Ohio backing trump ASP!
perhaps you can squeeze in several million American voters so they can finally see what is going on in our country.
we need a president like you
must be a good guy... his light saber is blue.
You sir are a good man, society could learn much from you.
Dang he's got some experience! Too bad he's white (vs Carson, bc liberals) and got roasted by Trump =(
easy to do pro-bono eye surgeries when you still getting paid from being a senator on a 7 week vacation!
The blessing of sight!! Blessings your way, these acts are NOT unnoticed!
Thank you Rand for your great service to this country once again. I wish you were President!
You see, it's not your time to be POTUS!  God has other plans for you!  Don't be mad Trump is the nominee! People need you Dr Paul
If you don't take pictures of your charity does it still count?
you should be at RNC supporting constitutionalist @realDonaldTrump
civil-servant right there #rolemodel
You are the real hero sir. Thank you for your service.
I hope you are a better eyecsurgeon then you are a senator!
I work for TN Retina, and wondering if you know anyone that does CEIOL on mission trips?  Needing one for Mar 2017 trip.  TIA
You are a good man Mr. Paul, a true defender of the Constitution, and you should have been our president.
Sincerely glad you have better things to do today than be a part of the #dumpsterfire #RNCinCLE, Senator.
if you could come to Houston, TX and offer your gifts, that would be awesome.... #myeyessuck
God bless you Senator. You give us hope
@anamariecox stay there and keep doing what you're doing. You're accomplishing more there than in the Senate.
can u please actually "make America great again" by becoming President?! Seriously. We need your sensible way .
Liberia, West Africa could use your services for its people. Imagine hospitals like the US in Monrovia? Vision for the narion!!!!
thanks for the difference you make in so many lives.
HIPPA precludes the names on those files being made public.
don't stay too long we need you in DC!
I admire you!
AWESOME!!!! Bless you Dr. Paul!!!!
good for you
God bless and thank you
God bless you
God Bless you Doc @RandPaul
I may disagree with you politically, but I respect the hell out of you for this.
God bless you Senator/Dr. Paul
Thank you Dr. Paul.
Great ur patients will B able 2see with theirown eyes the results of your party & nation betrayal because u disregard voter's will
You're a good man Mr. Paul.
@RandPaul
- I'm sure everyone is blessed with you using your God given talent to help them.
 Keep it going & God Bless
Hope you get to the Convention at some point. It would be great to show your support for Trump.
I believe this country will not make it to 2020- unless we totally #EndTheFed - it is dire to end it ASAP
#UnSuspend #PresidentPaul2016
very cool Dr. Paul. Keep up the good doctoring.
keep up all your good work. Proud that we have someone like you to represent KY!!
that's a wonderful service. Kudos to you!
Why not in Cleveland trying to unite the party so that we can defeat evil next November?
Maybe you should go back to doing that full time.
it's nice you do this but kind of gross you have to tell everyone. It's what you do when no ones looking that matters #fellowEyeMD
I think forget you are a DR.  Great work sir
Amen need more docs likeyou @kimguilfoyle @KellyRiddell @MeganMcCain @realDonaldTrump  @SandraSmithFox @ericbolling @SheriffClarke
I applaud what you do, but seems this is more like you're saying- I can't go to convention because...
proud to see you are NOT at the farce of a #gopconvention going on right now.
Dr. Paul ... Are you supporting the GOP nominee or Gary Johnson this autumn?
what a feeling that must be to give back.
Nice work doc!
That is fantastic!
If only you didn't drop out, this shows you're not a greedy generic politician. We love Rand Paul, god bless you.
Can you do cataract surgery for my dad? He would appreciate it Money is tight now with mom in a nursing home @GaltsGirl
Way to go!
ObamaCare allows this? I would think getting surgery from you is way better than a Cadillac plan!
I may not be a fan politically but this is just fantastic to see. Thank you!
Practice makes perfect.

Let us know when you're perfect.
Glad to have you here in Paducah!!
because your azz lost being president a second time
you think he cares?
-thank you for your contribution to Society.
God bless your soul Dr. Paul
We need you to fix the optics in this nation; multiple Dallas shooters turned into 1; AG Lynch meeting with Bill Clinton; help us!
I diametrically oppose your political positions but this is a good thing and should be acknowledged.
you're the man.
God bless you, Dr. Paul. Giving back of the gift you have been given by God.
.  Especially to those u operated on. Way to go.
@WrinklesR_bae
any natural remedies for Herpes simplex in my eye? Been blind in one eye for 33 years.
You blessed by GOD for your talents as a Dr.
I'm a pretty big fan, Rand. You're the man.
. God bless you thats awesome
God bless you. Not everyone can afford Obamacare
Have  a  Blessed day.
