that Bolton guy shouldn't be in any national security roles...His mustache is too weird. And Rudy G is no better
In all fairness, it's a difficult lesson & there's no simple solution. Let's hope we move in a better direction tho.
the lesson: we shouldn't have pulled out so soon.  ISIS never would have been such a problem.
Actually @realDonaldTrump said "They LIED" about Iraq (intention hard 2 verify but if investigated/proved an act of high treason), @RandPaul
and I'm a supporter of your Mr Paul. I'm just getting tired of the bull crap. Could be worse if Hillary won
RAND. YOU NEED TO LAUNCH AN INQUIRY. THEYRE GETTING READY TO GO INTO THE BALTICS
@jasian12345 hmmm I think we should ask why support either sect of these filthy animals.We are oil whores like it or not.
Please support @TulsiGabbard for Secretary of State. It would be a brilliant move diplomatically and politically - and for peace!
I think your #1 block has to be on Michael Flynn then, cause he was desperately trying to make a case for a war with Iran.
We should have left Iraq alone there will never be peace with Muslims. Lessons from Israel America can't win this war.
@alllibertynews good job Rand, keep the Neocons out!
Premature comment.
@KellyannePolls @realDonaldTrump Rand Paul for Secretary of State!
@alllibertynews @RandPaul As if a bootlicker like you would support Ron
I don't understand how you go from Ron Paul to trump it's so idealogically inconsistent
So you admit you only voted for trump because you didn't want Clinton to win?
Ok mr ideologically inconsistent have a good day
@alllibertynews @thenation You lost. Trump is the boss! We are for a strong military & Making America Safe. @GenFlynn
stand up for us! Keep Donald trump at bay!
As one of your constituents, pls fight the apptment of Steve Bannon.
Why are #PoliticiansCongress scared of this #SecretCtSys as if it could harm them?
#SecretCtSys 
https://www.hrw.org/news/2006/11/09/sweden-violated-torture-ban-cia-rendition …
yes the war was wrong. But then how do we defeat ISIS?
just quit your whining. This country is in a lot better shape than if you or your crazy old man were president
Lesson is to win wars decisively, no NATION BUILDING&don't leave till job of transition of power&threat is done&gone.#Conservative
Lawsuit filed against Nikki Haley for allowing illegal Muslim refugees
Tulsi Gabbard would be a good choice. Anti-war veteran and common ground with Trump on trade. #MakeDealsNotWar
Heaven forbid we pick the best choices to SECURE our country.
why is Mattis mad? it is his nickname but not because hes crazy
do you really want to obstruct?
Senator, they still believe that the did the Wright thing, for them there is no lesson to be learned.
Trump: Set the standard for an “America First” foreign policy that ends regime-change, nation-building, peace through strength.
@alllibertynews @RandPaul but, he hasn't even taken office? Lol
thank you Dr. Paul! We need you to put the brakes on any appointment of neo-Conservatives. Watch out for the helicopter money too.
@realDonaldTrump is proposing spending us into oblivion. Running the Reagan playbook in 2016 might not make a lot of sense.
all I can say is thank God for Senator Rand Paul!
our last libertarian hope.
Thank you. Keep up the fire. We can now barely keep our own republic. How're we able to create and keep one for others?
KEEP YOUR INSANE THOUGHTS TO   YOUR SELF.  ONLY DOING IT TO ATTRACT ATTENTION FROM THE PRESS.  WHO CARES WHAT YOUR OPINION IS?
THANK YOU!!!
Senator have you asked for a meeting with our President-elect?
.@RandPaul says Bolton & Giuliani for sec of state are a no-go but Romney might be ok.
"What I’d like to have is a debate. People need to ask the question: ‘Have you learned the lessons of the Iraq war?" https://www.thenation.com/article/rand-paul-will-do-whatever-it-takes-to-block-donald-trumps-hawkish-secretary-of-state-picks/ …
Why Romney? He tried hard to derail Trump during primaries and general.
rand believes in 'checks and balances'. glad to see 1 senator actually doing his job the right way!
take lessons from your father and make your voice heard
.@RandPaul Yes, a couple of B53s on Tora Bora would have been MUCH less trouble and MUCH less expensive.
Thank you!
keep up the good fight
Let's do that it'll be interesting ... #StandWithRand
Don't you think that this could wait, I'm sure there are plenty of other concerns to attend to before BHO leaves office.
wish we had learned that and wikileaks sooner.
stay the hell out of made up wars in that region
Those who have learnt the lesson are not the decision makers. Decision makers seldom learn.
I love almost everything about you, but your foreign policy. What about peace though strength?
why don't we start asking about taxes and then stopping some of them. Property tax needs to go let me own my own stuff! Less gov!
@alllibertynews @RandPaul Taxes upon purchase then taxes annually + personal gains =zero collateral.
give the guy time to get his team together and have some dialogue before you get yourself if a uproar.
@Comeridethwhale Apparently not
AYDEH RANDY LETS TALK YOUR SPONSOR ISRAEL LEAVE THE REST OF WORLD ALONE UNTIL DOCTOR TAKES THAT
BEAM OUT OF YOUR EYE. BALLS NEEDED NOT COUNTERFUGE FOR THE DUMB INTERNET IS HARS ON YOU
LIGHTWEIGHT POLITICOS -  HRISTOS YOUR ENGLISH N SERB COPY EDITOR
Peace thru strength is our only defense in a nuclear world. Why would we stay weak and unprotected?! No debate needed!
One of the main reasons you lost the primary was your pacifist libertarian views.  You should recognize that. It was rejected.
NO lessons learned, NO one PUNISHED.ISIS created as result, leading to refugees crises. Thousands DEAD. YET,WARMONGERS want MORE!
i voted for you Rand. Don't block Trump.
Rand,  I voted for,  but I support Trump. Don't block him.
You're right. They haven't learned a thing. Too bad we're in the minority of thought.
that's the problem, too many talk, debates and no actions, Just get on with it !
Aside from yourself, he was the most anti-foreign wars candidate for GOP nod. Give the guy a chance to show that.
Thank you for your sanity!
God Bless you 4 your resistance to yet another EVIL, UGLY, female Sec. of Spin. & "Got Milk?" cartoon 2. (I voted Gary J.)
two possible lessons. Shouldn't have gone in, or should have gone in to win. Opinion differs.
really proud I donated to your campaign, sir
I'm glad Trump called in Tulsi Gabbard
Can you also ask @tonyblairoffice ?
you will be lonely, but correct.  Do all you can to protect America from more needless war!
No one voted for you get over it!
Yes! They taught when the enemy is captured you burn them, chop off their head or drown them like rats! All of them!
just a reminder Mr Paul. The Sec of Def only acts on the Direction of the POTUS! IF we go to a fight we do so to WIN!
And the lesson would be no more nation building. Kick the door in, tell them to knock it off or we'll be back. Leave. Marine Corps
It wasn't the invasion that was totally  wrong but the prosecution on the cheap was. Do not go to war on the cheap. Go to win fast
I hope Jeff Sessions will also be on your "no-fly" list. And I hope you realize how much power you potentially have right now.
#nobolton #nojulianni
Standard answer to the question "have you learned the lessons of X?" is simply "no."
Too bad he is still in the senate need to get rid of him!
I agree with you  on Regime change. I believe president Trump does as well. Why don't you speak to him rather than the left press.
very sad... I heard 1 million iraqis died needlessly in that war.
Hope that you ll do whatever it takes, to make foreign affairs more wisely...
Why Rand is my favorite senator tbh
I wish Trump would give you a position on his team you would be a wonderful influence
I don't disagree with you on Iraq but you have been a 1 trick pony. Re: Trump cabinet - don't we have domestic issues to address?
Knock it off Rand!  You know your slip is showing. You started out in doing some good stuff now is this what your about?
Bush wanted to give Iraqis freedom, Iraqis didn't want or understand freedom, making it impossible to give it to them.
so what is going to happen with Rule 41 in a few weeks? @sparkycollier
we are relying on you to defend our freedoms #StandWithRand
Why can't Rand be SoS?
how about a debate on the cultural  and philosophical divide in this country
@realDonaldTrump Kerry looked diplomatic & was perceived by Russia, Iran, China, etc to be a pussy. Sec. of State can't be a pussy
I agree Bolton is a terrible pick, but be careful not to be used by the MSM. Don't thwart the new president, Guide Him!
if people don't want the truth don't ask questions I won't lie to you ask me I think you're all a bunch of bull
Clearly Rand, people in this country still haven't learned the lesson of the civil war, much less Iraq
: A more basic question: When will We the People adopt a liberty-based platform and follow its principles? http://www.theamericancapitalistparty.com/ 
What is the real legacy of Obama and the Bushs? Christians persecuted, priceless antiquities destroyed, Islamic hijrah.
how about a debate on our national debt
the lesson is don't let a liberal take over a war, they'll find a way to lose it
Trump has stressed "Peace through strength." Maybe you missed that.
The @GOP platform says "We will never fight a war we can win for Million dollars when we can spend a Trillion in debt instead" @RandPaul
Millions for defense, not one cent for tribute!
Plebes don't pay tribute. That's why we have Tribunes to battle the Patricians Consuls. Semper SPQR @bluebirdissong @GOP @RandPaul
And the peoples tribune, @realDonaldTrump owes no favors to patrician consuls.  senateproblemquiteremarkable!
Tuba Mirum spargens sonum per sepulcra regionum. Barbari rapere exoletorum tua. Romani erit @bluebirdissong @GOP @RandPaul @realDonaldTrump
It's turned from a war for oil into a war to save Christianity.  Not even God can save us!!!
We can say the same thing about war on drugs!  Learned lessons not to repeat!
Lesson #1) Listen to the Military Professionals. & never let @GOP take its military-Industrial-debt complex into debt busting war @RandPaul
This dude @RandPaul  is all talk . Let  @realDonaldTrump do his work ..  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Fighting the enemy abroad is better than fighting here. Islam wants 2 convert all & jihad will continue. Stop Islam!
Unfortunately the military industrial complex flunked that class.
Unfortunately, yes, my husband and I have. We're both OIF and OEF Veterans. Talk to the Vets. We live with it everyday.
We need to declare War or not get involved, debate is always needed to ensure our nations security
My husband was naval intelligence.  He advised them not to invade Iraq. No one listens to enlisted though.
I understand, I was onboard CVN-72 during Shock-&-Awe as an ET1. Congressional debate is needed before.
yes paul you rıght
As a liberal, I still say, thank you!  You're one of the good guys, even if I don't always agree.
One of the reasons why Rand is awesome
