Kentucky needs .@RandPaul's continued leadership in Washington. Please join me in supporting his re-election this November! #StandWithRand
Yeah..Trump said that already.
@alllibertynews @RandPaul audit the fed, end the war on coal,was against Iraq,hilliary for prison, sorry Rand said it 1st
And what's he done? Name something. One thing. NOTHING.
end the NSA spying,question hildabeaat on why her and obama ran weapons to libya and turkey shall i go on
In other words. Nothing. US Chamber of Commerce bought and paid for MCConnell flunky.
well i know 1thing 4sure he didnt fund hilliary, nor did bill clinton advise him to run, deal with it  
Fed not audited, Hillary and Obama answered nothing,NSA still spying. He's been there 6 years and NOTHING
I'm sure all politicians say one thing but like all they lie
@alllibertynews Coal is so damaging to our health and environment. Why do you choose this over investing in safer alternatives?
What if the industry provides no benefit to society and is actually amazingly counter-productive?  Drug testing!

@RandPaul @alllibertynews
What about the war coal has been waging on citizens health and the environment?
news flash - the lack of coal in the ground is gonna bankrupt the coal industry; banking on coal = not a wise investment...
Believe him America he will do what he says can be done promise he won't let us down.. #StandWithRand
what about the overregulation regional banks face now with a one size fits all policy. It's shameful.
@roblittle   Go work in a mine. Breath in the coal dust. Wait for  collapse or explosion. Picture your family standing, waiting.
if people choose to work there, why can't they? What if your industry was deemed 'dangerous'..what would you do?
Relocate. Done it!
coal can put people to work
good

Network "news"  Barely cover Iran Cash Bombshell, But Dive Into Olympic Misdeeds  http://newsbusters.org/blogs/nb/scott-whitlock/2016/08/19/study-nets-skimp-iran-cash-bombshell-dive-olympic-misdeeds#.V7ivVAOvSsl.twitter …
Support Trump, we need you.
@alllibertynews Well that cost ya -3 Smart Points.  We dont need coal, we need American made solar panels/wind turbines.
keep up the good work. I hope to see a libertarian in the Whitehouse in my lifetime
Maybe you should try to stop the war on nuclear power instead.
thx to Hillary and Obama.., wake up America....
@roblittle   Live close to a mine. See the dust in the air. Watch your neighbors suffer from the effects of dust in their lungs
the government isn't fighting a was on coal. They're fighting a war for the environment, future of planet, our children's future
wait what??
You should look in to vaping too. FDA threatens to kill an industry AND people who just want to quit smoking cancer sticks.
@youngblackcon Amen
so how about ending all prohibition first?
@youngblackcon How about #California Manmade drought they have killed Multi-Billion Dollar Landscape/Nursery Industry #ShutDownEPA
Thank you for fighting for coal country. I have friends in Hazard that no longer have jobs thanks to Obama & Hillary. Disgrace USA
Terrifying moment: after 20childs of his classmates dead after US-Saudi airstrike bomb #7MassacresIn7Days
(GRAPHIC)
Kid suffering severe pain after a US-Saudi airstrike on BinFadhil Education  #7MassacresIn7Days
Reported by @DemocracyNow: "Yemen: U.S.-Backed Strike Kills 9 Civilians" #7MassacresIn7Days http://www.democracynow.org/2016/8/17/headlines/yemen_us_backed_strike_kills_9_civilians …
Wounded and in pain after a US-Saudi airstrike targeted BinFadhil Education Cen (13Aug) #7MassacresIn7Days
Airstrikes hit @MSF Hospital in Yemen, killing 11
"War Crime" says Congressman @TedLieu #7MassacresIn7Days
This airstrike on Doctors Without Borders hospital in #Yemen looks like another war crime by #SaudiArabia. http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_57b1d9e5e4b069e7e505e591 …
مدنيين وأطفال هو ماخلفه طيران التحالف السعودي الامريكي
قباطر - صعدة 9-8-2016 
(صور مؤلمة) #7MassacresIn7Days
.@MSF : Our sympathies to families of those killed in Abs airstrike in #Yemen #7MassacresIn7Days
too bad you weren't around to support buggy whips
When what is best for the coal industry is incompatible with what is best for society, favor society.
Have a look at Operation Chokepoint while your at it.
it's time to move toward green innovations! All those in coal could b employed in a green industry!
I hope this statement applies to the Oil industry as well?
End this coil mining poison. Our planet is in debt.
@RandPaul
after all cheap natural gas is making it harder on the coal, not regulations.. #free-market
aha!! you're  right, I'll go ahead and delete my tweet then, before my 4 followers see it.
senator don't use all your power.. We need you in other fights that affect the majority not just your contributors.
The government should get out of subsidizing all energy production and let free market decide.
There's less demand for coal now. Stop pandering.
Is natural gas waging a war on coal as well?
good luck! Congress is feckless against this unlawful president. I suppose the thought should count for something though???
@KarenJNTN Hillary will bankrupt a lot more than just Coal! Just give her the chance! She does NOT have American backs!
then help elect Trump....you couldn't stop Obama..you won't be able to stop Ma Clinton
We must make certain Clinton is defeated@CoxLanham71 # she and Obama are at the heart of this problem

BREAKING: State Dept. says $400 million cash payment to Iran was contingent on American prisoners' release.
u cant be serious
Where do you stand on air pollution and greenhouse gas?
coal is bad. The govt should be incentivizing alternatives that don't carry coal's huge public cost
or just not allowing/facilitating coal to externalize all of those costs, let the market forces kill it.
sure, that'd be fair too.
I'll do everything in my power to kill coal and to transition coal miners from their dangerous jobs to better ones in renewables
my goal is 2 squirt on ur man boobs
Is your position that gov't should not seek to bankrupt any industry harmful to society, such as the child porn industry?
Then you will be going up against billionaire turds like Tom Steyer and George "corrupt POS" Soros.
@SarahsRazrSharp What about rest of our leaderless congress?  RT
thank you Rand Paul
It's not the industry that is the problem, coal itself is a poison for our air, water and very health. You are propping up death.
And nuclear kills, wind doesn't always blow, sun doesn't always shine. No thanks tree hugger, I'd rather not die in Winter.
renewable energy is the future. Not coal
you guys need to help rally the outlying Republicans to endorse and support Trump! 30/40 years of lib supreme court = no country
Vote Trump then..!
Perhaps you've conveniently forgotten how the oil/gas lobby got rid of the first electric cars?  It's a tradition in our country.
this is why you'll never be president dude.
The coal train doesn't run through my town anymore and I miss it and all it meant -- jobs, prosperity, trade, capitalism.
Perhaps a better response is finding an alternative to coal?
. I will speak truth to power and suggest that your rhetoric is nothing but a grab for support from people our nation screwed.
First, do no harm. Maybe you thought it was the hypocritical oath. How many cardiovascular diseases and events from coal, Dr?
anything go a vote?
What about guns, ammo, Christianity, charter schools, homeschools, conservatism, non-corporate agriculture, Non DNC auto dealers?
That is one of the most naïve statements I've heard in a long time, and that's saying a lot during the current election season.
Then, have you endorsed @realDonaldTrump and done everything you can to defeat Hillary?
