repeal is great.

Replace just makes it GOPcare or Trumpcare.

All are repulsive.
Most forgt Obama's version was defeated, and we basically got Romneycare, and now Romney himself.
@freedomtex @Rare 
First priority is to redefine the Republican Party who pulled their support after Trump was voted in by the people.
@freedomtex @Rare top priority is #AmericaFirst
why no Tort reform in Obamacare repeal??
#Legacy
2/ @RandPaul @Rare... when the shadow of personal enrichment hovers over @realDonaldTrump 's decisions in office. #DrainTheSwamp is a joke
1/ @RandPaul @Rare ... actually, I think addressing Trump's conflicts of interest should be priority one. How can we trust any decisions...
oh please do !!!! Thank you Dr. Paul .. we love ya!
@RandPaul @Rare
@alllibertynews @Rare ACA needs to go, but NOT all provisions are bad
Protect from medical discrimination
It's critical. #Rule1557
I sure hope House & Senate can get something done while we have the power. Sooner the better, there is a lot 2 do

and then finally get universal healthcare like the rest of the Western world?
Please keep healthcare for people with pre existing conditions.
What a relief! Thank you so much, Senator Paul. cc: @GrassOSU
This is such a terrible idea. We need to reform and improve it - not eradicate it. Elimination will drastically affect millions.
My "choice" in WA was a whopping 1 option. No, it needs to go away.
people are going to be sick and not be treated if you do this, what a legacy.
@alllibertynews @Rare 
Force insurance companies to compete across state line, a Trump wanted. Also, protect #lgbt medical rights
anyone who supports Steve Bannon admits that they are just as racist as he is
@freedomtex @Rare please fix our healthcare! I have much worse insurance and higher premiums. America is watching!
Not mandatory coverage
Lame!
end sanctuary cities, the dept. of edu., welfare for illegals, fed. funding for planned parenthood, EPA reg., govt subsidies, etc.
good. #noGOPexcuses #RepublicanMonopoly
#StandWithRand he will be FIGHTIN for u....
@realDonaldTrump @RepKevinBrady The media buzz is that this is easier said than done. How true is that?
that great
:congress repub have had 6yr to get new plan together. Voter mandate seal the borders & build the wall !
great. I can't wait to see how much $$ you save Americans. They hate deductibles btw.
please do. For the love of our country please do.
thank you rand. For your leadership and love of our country!!!
So glad you and @realDonaldTrump will be working together! Great team!
lifetime cap & pre existing more imp than 26 yr old kids
Wish we could repeal ICANN and get that back.
If President Trump is taking no vacations, neither should you all. He is cleaning up a mess that shouldn't of happened
please draft national gun law for concealed carry for all 50 and territories. No mag limits, all state laws unconstitutional
What would you repeal first?
Go for it with gusto.
I wish it were so, but looks like Trump wonts to keep it in place and just tweek it. Not acceptable!
go get them @HouseGOP #repealobamacare
Get Dad on as Fed Chair!!
Works for me. End Obamacare immediately and erase Obama's socialist legacy.
@TheVoiceOfPaulR @Rare that takes a month? Imagine if you weren't paid to take a month how long would It take then? Get to work
Oh good!  I was getting worried that the water and air were too clean and cancer rates were about to go down.  Thanks @RandPaul
& put out the call that there has NEVER been a more opportune time 2 AUDIT THE FED & C where our footing is-foundation of AMERICA
Are you going to get rid of the 1600 IRS employee that were hired to implement the ACA.
I help design the system needed for health exchange mkt. I am thrilled to go back to a free market system & lower rates for ALL Americans!
go get it Dr Paul you all enjoy taking healthcare away from the poor! God have mercy on your soul.
So happy You retained your congressional seat Senator. SHRINK GOVERNMENT !!
I voted for trump not you do as he says
Will your 2nd,3rd,or 4th priority be to speak out against racism,sexism,etc? Or does that come later? Asking for a friend...
Insurance companies aren't going to want to lose all that business.  Good luck.
Nullify all executive orders, actions, etc. 500 regulations, and get rid of Obama Care and replace it with affordable health care
Hey! Have we forgotten the corrupt IRS and B Land Management? Let's don't make the same mistakes over again!
I hope you don't forget the medically uninsurable.
The insurance mandate isn't why costs are rising. You lack the will to manage obsene proft taking at all levels of healthcare.
Don't just repeal. Come up with better provisions and replace. Be proactive and not just reactive.
how bout stopping outsourcing and H-1b program that's killing American jobs?!
exciting times to be living in.
.@RandPaul Also spend 1st month allowing 9M USC to have a checking account! Return to resident tax'n & rep #FATCA
So Trump is keep a  single payer system , go back 8 yrs ago & leave working people's  insurance alone
how about increased funding for residency programs to help solve our physician shortage?
at least one politician understands how free markets work
it will be nice to be able to get more than 29 hours a week at my job now
#letsdothis
The replacement would be analogous to "overnight."
You say that because you do not know about the Obamacare replacement ready to go.
@BalconyBreeze @Rare //. BAM !!!
Please do
Thank God you are in the Senate. This may now be fun!
First month?  Should be able to do it in a day.
Month? How about 1st 24 hours?
please make it so
can't wait!
@realDonaldTrump  The first day not first month. Government doesn't work the old way anymore. Get a plan and implement.
Constitution
God Bless you and  God Bless America.
@mychalmassie  Yes, Congress has 2 focus on real issues, & stand w/ Trump for America's success! Keep issue alive. Great job Rand!
safe  our  Country sir
Shoud re-phrase this as "fix Obama care." Repeal sounds scary to the uninformed.
Yes Sir do it  and Supreme Court Sir.
try not to throw the baby out with the bath water. Ok.
20 million Americans with no healthcare insurance is like a holocaust unzipped reaction. Who can be sure of anything now?
Thank you Senator. #DefinitelyMySenator
They will go back to Medicaid.The other 328M of us would like normal premiums back.
So lets make all 330M of us miserable.  There has ALWAYS been help for the truly needy.  But none for mid class.
He doesn't need to help me. For now I have OK ins; family not so much.
Doesn't elimination of pre-existing condition periods invite people to game the system.Incentive NOT to buy insurance until needed
.@RandPaul @Rare please urgently repeal #FATCA too, the most unconstitutional, offensive, counter-productive & unAmerican 'law' of all time
end the war on coal.
what's the replacement?
I'm fed up with @GOP holding our govt hostage like domestic terrorists.
so now that you've all won your hostage standoff you'll get to work by moving backwards?
Regulation changes can be done by president alone!

luckily Ky voted you back so you can still save our country #StillRanding
and replacing it with what exactly? You might want to tell the 20 million Americans who are going to get booted off their plans.
.@RandPaul @Rare "we"? as I remember you just hopped on the #trumptrain
obamacare was and is a sham. All the people who say millions more have insurance should try and use it. And pay for it. Joke
the ones put there to help Americans, the climate and our planet? #WhatHaveWeDone ?
Please pass #draintheswamp legislation first. Send home career politicians. Obamacare is a side effect of the decay by corruption.
Anyone proposing to take up the proposal to downsize the Federal? apropos proposals during candidacy by Carly Fiorina
AND!!!! Audit the federal reserve. AND! Look into IRS targeting Republican business. AND! Bulldoze the UN building into the river
keep it at a coasting pace their leader. Nobody gets all the desserts they want at a Thanksgiving dinner
Senator, I hope you are correct!!
prick
idiot... open your eyes.
haha
We have no choice
as long as you all do it. #ActionsOverWords
I hope that no time is wasted, republicans need to show/prove that they'll help America. I know RAND will! Keep them on track!
THANK YOU!!!
hat ni ja aku kurang suka kat hang
We are counting on it!
Your Dad secretary of treasury
As long as they keep folklore abt George Soros out of it MT it's confused ppl so far as MFA Russia, sch jive
