@Eliz_Hightower way I understand story NSA was whistleblower on CLINTON &gave Wikileaks all emails-Clapper is a HEROWell done
CLAPPER IS A PATRIOTmember of GODS ARMY@wikileaks @RealAlexJones @NextNewsNet @BreitbartNews
Clapper or secret members of his agency?
Hackers around the world in a group named Anonymous helped wikileaks
believe what you want I don't care they were patriots
chill bro. if you are going to have credibility with confirmations, pick your battles. the guy is gone.
you do realize the article the posted was from 2013? Today he's simply saying his goodbyes. 
hes rubbin it in and bein petty
and....?
not the right attitude to have before confirmation hearings; hes planning to oppose some anti-libertarian appointees
sounds like you have fell into Trump-land politics where everyone is petty. Senators should be Magnanimous
actually I'm an independent, and shit like this doesn't bother me as much as it does you, nothing more.
good
In a democracy, you can't allow intelligence official to lie to elected representatives of the people.
Well, let's be honest, NSA has done that along with FBI, CIA and the GoP.
Demand the President to show all information of Russia & Trump.The electors cannot vote without knowledge.USA has been scammed
https://twitter.com/FrancisJeffrey7/status/800584996058644480 … @QuoteStephanie @Snowden @pariahpolitics
Is it like a clock?
(A coo-coo clock?) https://twitter.com/RandPaul/status/799295707874283522 …
Drain the Swamp
and good riddance.
.@RandPaul would be interested in knowing the #senator's view of FBI shenanigans pre-Election Day & their impact on credibility
#firecomey
And he had the help of every leftwinger in the Global Community!!
Yeah Rand, keep pushing. Demand a pardon for Snowden and the rest.
you are a liar and a cheat Rand Paul and you know it!
gotta follow those laws Clapper, and be honest, that's kind of important. Too much lying by our leaders.
Never trusted this man. So am not sorry to see him go.
@alllibertynews @politico  He won't be lying to Congress anymore.
@pink_sprnva @politico clapper is a flight risk.  Next DOJ will surely have much to discuss w him
H shouldn't let the door hit him on his butt on his way out! Buh bye!
I need to send you a letter explaining why NSA did nothing improper. Not for public consumption in this forum.
Rand, representatives like you make me proud to be a Kentuckian!
@Eliz_Hightower @politico I hate to tell you, everyone lies to Congress or pleads the 5th & the result - nada nothing zero zilch
thank you for speaking up for our rights!
You pick the wrong guy Paul.... pick me I will give a new position for you to treat Diabetes and High blood pressure
@TheMailmanBilly
Heh. What do you want to bet @realDonaldTrump appoints @Snowden to his position?
What's up with petty tweets from Senators.   "farewell, Clappers" is hardly dignifying your office.
POTUS in Greece declared his Admin to be "scandal free" ...Holder:fast & furious, Clapper: lying to Congress..HRC:Email
By the time we see the back of Obama, is there any governmental agency whose integrity has not been impugned?
Slam that man I stand with you Rand Paul!
"Farewell, James Clapper"
Well @RandPaul you said it more graciously than I ever could.
On a good note @Snowden is his legacy
I guess you are happier with the Gestapo-like government we will have now.
I'm a deplorable, Clapper is a despicable.
Good riddance to bad rubbish.
Except he gets one hell of a pension and retirement.
@NetAdvisor @politico PLEASE do let the door hit you on the way out!
shush
Ahh, yes... the Clapper caper...
@DarkNetXX @politico 
Good, now fire him, arrest him better, smug twerp
@50th_President @politico Sorry Rand, but Snowden is a hero that exposed unconstitutional federal actions.
Then why reference Snowden in any negative way in the story?
Ppunthan ko julius mmya sa office

@Rockprincess818 @politico
"Clap on.....Clap offf......"
Thank you Dr Paul for keeping the record corrected on this fraud.  Keep fighting for us, sir!
Love you RAND. Please please run for president again in the future! We need you
#StandWithRand Bye Clapper...
thanks Rand!!! :)
@xmssweetnessx @politico our government has finally eradicated it self from the CLAP.
@xmssweetnessx @politico you can't believe anything Clapper says. He lied to Congress and should also be charged. Obama flunky!
exactly.. but it's nice to see a piece of garbage throwing itself out 
I don't know the man personally, they say he gave 40years or good service to the country.  I thinks he was lost in this post.
What about Obama just follow James Clapper and resign? Or he want to remain so he can pardon them all. But who will pardon him?
So, do you not support what @Snowden has done?
Trump WILL lead this country into war. I'm glad people who know better will get out now and let Trump own his stupidity.
you should be put on the front line with the water pistol obuma will leave you to fight with.
The man deserves the contempt of every American
Thank you Dr. Paul we need you now more than ever and your dad too!
based manlet
Finally!

I concur that
We will be pleased to see #Clapper go as part of Draining The Swamp!
Buh bye, BASTATRD!
Clapper off!
Bye, bye Swamp Dweller Clapper
Senator Paul good to you. Keep up the good work as the voice of sanity for Foreign Policy in the Country. Good luck Sen.
James Clapper lied to Congress about Obama's illegal spying. He deserves a cell next to Hillary, not a cushy retirement
SENATOR PAUL, PLEASE WORK FOR TRUMP. WE NEED YOU IN HIS ADMINISTRATION TO #MAGA, SECRETARY OF STATE, ANYTHING REALLY, GOOOOOO!!!
Trump doesn't want constitutionalists. He's surrounding himself with neocons like Bolton, Giuliani.

could have him arrested fro perjury after he did say the Muslim brotherhood ashews violence LOL
Don't let the door hit ya James!  Sadly, I expect spying to continue under trump.
say or do nothing wrong and you have no worries,and if everyone has gun the gov has no chance.
I don't know if his past actions are legally treason, but he is #Constitution ally-challenged, at best.
Clapper on, Clapper off
hillary clinton
Pardon the puke that just exploded from my mouth.
^5  and lobbyist are gone from transition team...heck yeah
For those who've forgotten: "The Muslim Brotherhood is largely secular." James Clapper, Director of National Intelligence, 2011
Said with bourbon laced sarcasm...I LOVE IT!
We'll be clapping when he's gone.
Good riddance.
