Nonsense. We spend a TINY amount on foreign aid.  It's literally in the error bars of the budget. Huge returns and good will.
OK so when #Hillary sends muslins to the USA, they can live with you & you can support them.
Muslin is a cloth, clown.
Muslim-typo. You're a bigger clown.
Putz.
easy there dickwad. Don't exert yourself.
What's it like to be a high school dropout with no future? You seem ill-informed and a hick.
@alllibertynews can't believe you endorsed Trump, it's like you drank the Kool aid. I thought so much more of you
He used his brain instead of running on empty-headed emotionalism...you should try it!
Paul & Trump - their views don't align in any way, it only signals fear & hypocrisy
You would have preferred he endorse HITLERy?
No, I would have preferred he endorse #GaryJohnson #NeverTrump #NeverHillary
They can hate us for free. #Efficiency
.@RandPaul I wish more GOP representatives would use the terms "I refuse". We could've used them during debt limit debates, obamacare, Tarp.
Roy Cooper refused to fight Obamacare as attorney general. NC is now feeling the costs. WATCH: http://governor-pat-mccrory.onlineof.fr/363822514 
it needs to be stopped!!! Our money needs to stay here!!! Let's spend it on our elderly and veterans first
@alllibertynews then please #endorse a candidate with those same goals. #endtheduopoly by publically endorsing #thirdparty
I want our $$ spent on our people, for our benefit. Nothing to illegal aliens, Muslim refugees, the UN, or to terrorist nations.

REVEALED: Hillary Clinton's personal link to Bob Creamer of the @JamesOKeefeIII videos.
 
http://dailycaller.com/2016/10/31/have-hillarys-hired-goons-been-doing-this-for-years …
Rand just said in Monday night in his debate that he supports Trump.
Rand paul is voting for Trump
@GarretNegronBRS right about prioritizing spending.. but the countries hate us? or only some factions within them.. ?
Diplomacy requires perceptive controlled spending. Nations that demonstrably despise us should be last on our funding list.
no wonder they hate u....time to stop being a world police state...
we are starting a movement in Tucson. We have your back.
@OCAmericans how about calling out Hillary and Dems and demanding She leave the race.Speak about the FBI investigation and crimes
mr Paul do you support trump now because Hillary will kill us all and she should be in jail along her sleepy husband
Good Call. Vote Trump
defund the F-35 Albatross and the military would have more funds instantly
I am prod of you Rand and I am proud you are supporting  @realDonaldTrump now.  We need a change Vote TRump
sadly you care more than the taxpayer.
Thank you Rand, I was thinking the other day about this. You have been so good with this. I hope you can stop sending our money.
Don't have to worry Trump.  The money being spent doesn't include any of your paid taxes!!!  Terrible and U want to be President!
Thank you Senator Paul
I agree, but after seeing a heavily edited and Goebbelesque ad just now by your senate campaign your judgment seems questionable
they hate us bc we're over there bombing them..
@alllibertynews this is the best line I heard from you.
lol that what there all say wat mk u different that we want
#StandWithRand
do something then Rand!
Congregational Employment OverLooks Taxs So Why Not Use It ElseWhere, Prune! #Moneybox #jointheclub @WallStreetWeek @MoneyTalking
if the feds would spend half as much money, and spend it on philanthropy instead of war, we'd all be a lot safer
Amen!!  for you!!
Good! Big miss, not running as independent...
tax dollars "spent" or you mean WASTED?
Stop riding on your fathers reputation. You're nothing but a greedy politician.
I am sorry you are not our Candidate...Though in Arizona I strongly support you.
God Bless
soooo.... you will be backing @GovGaryJohnson
So your position is that the USA withdrawing ALL support for these countries will make them like us more? Sounds like Trump-speak!
ask the question. Why they hate the US. root reason. #justsaying #notnuclearscience
vote @GovGaryJohnson
Vets dying no VA hospital care#THEIR are2many Vets being treated like they are enemies of the state & it must stp#no more REFUGEES
@StopStopHillary AMEN...LETS FIX AMERICAS PROB...8 years of the big O JUST DOUBLED OUR WORKLOAD ..
: Dr. Paul: Any possibility you could stop wasting your time w/ @gop & help get the http://www.theamericancapitalistparty.com/  started?
Of course, we have given them plenty of reason to hate us.  End the wars. Maybe we should try being a good neighbor for a change?
@debsellsslc Agree with you 100% Senator!
Amen brother.
@TheJayCalledLee don't worry it is paid by the taxes you inflic on the rest of the world $300bn per year..
Does this include Saudi Arabia?  Say it.
Some good ole Ron Paul ideas, love it. No more aid for or enemies.
yep someone is profiting and it's not us!  War is a Racket!  Now I would have to say so is our own government
Say that after the Philippines goes to China.
Foreign food aid  ,even academics have found most is wasted  achieves little .Feed USA poor first .not the enemies
Rand,  always fighting for the American people, a true fiscal conservative .I appreciate your hard work.
so so true
thaan call an emergency session to congress to deal with Loretta lynch and covering up criminal acts #DrainTheSwamp @marcorubio
this was America biggest mistake, finally you are on right pa5h as it seems
Choke Pakistan aid first
Bring back your soldiers
why do they hate you?
Hater will hate the smartest guy in the room. No worries though, Dr. Paul's time WILL come. GOP about to collapse Nov 9th
Rand then u must be supporting @realDonaldTrump 
for if not u r supporting the globalist who do this.
Get out there.
Heard this many times and Trump vows to stop this where Hillary has to repay the terrorist along with WallStreet
most of our aid goes to Israel and I don't think they hate us
but you stand idly by as we lose our coal and railroad jobs. What's your answer there??
what do you want him to do?  @alllibertynews @RandPaul
oh Yea, rand- because those countries just woke up one day and hated us, no its political f@#$ like yourself that caused this!
I used to be a Dem. & now would consider myself a Independent voter in Ky.  Where can I get more info on your campaign b4 I vote?
So....since u bailed on THE PEOPLES' Rep nominee, what ARE you going to do to get us out of these disastrous policies?
get Trump to pay taxes
Wish I could vote for you. Hang in there!
agree with you 100%
thank you rand, end foreign nation building and build America first
the taxpayer is asked to approve bonds for schools. How about some of the money we send out of the country instead? #rand Paul
Sounds like what Trump is saying.
tell to stop supporting the terror groups that are killing our families in Syria
Where were you when #OmuslimAndThief was given $750,000,000,000 in 2015 to refurbish Mosque across the Middle East? #DrainTheSwamp
So what HAVE you been doing????? Really???????
I VOTED FOR YOU TODAY DON'T LET US DOWN! GO AFTER THE CLINTON'S, DOJ, AND ATTORNEY GENERAL VERY HARD!
. Good for you!!!
agree!
I don't care if they pretend to love us, NO more government foreign aid!  And that includes Israel.
If Trump gets in W/ 2 houses of Cong. cut off all foreign aid except Israel and Putin is threatening, the Baltic states Pol, Ukr.
PLEASE WORK WITH OUR NEXT PRESIDENT, DONALD J. TRUMP, MR. PAUL, AND HELP HIM TO "DRAIN THE SWAMP!"
Paul is a schmo
rand u got some good ideas where u fail at is actually doing something ur actions are more helpful to HRC suprt @realDonaldTrump
Paul get your ass on the TRUMP TRAIN
You have my vote!
.@hammond7412  I know @RandPaul is 100% Correct.  Our politicians don't ever seem to read the things they sign.
: Corruption is rampart in Congress the WH and the military
I would say anywhere there is money, not just the aforementioned.
ok what is the plan with @HillaryClinton
- Been going on for decades .. #Trump2016
Rand Paul 2020, that's all I'm sayin'.
Amen
Please run for President again.
well,  haven't heard you doing much lately??
@KeithTyler69 when those haters holds all the cards (cheap oil) it's not so simple
you lie
It needs to stop!
Senator Ron Paul is always right on the issue. Keep up the good work  Senator youe time will come.
Well   that's true.
Reality is, they hate us because we spend too much on weapons to attack their countries. nevertheless you skillfully reversed it.
So why you vote against veterans benefits and work bills?
You should have stood for the conservatives.  Y did you abandon us. Not supporting Trump is supporting HRC.
I also want to know why is Hellary still flying around on our dime! Then flood our streets w/convicts & radicals that hate us?
Where the hell you been??!!
you mean the Fed's freshly printed USD?
Thank you Senator! one of the few that I love! Cruz, Gowdy Pit Bulls/Lions & Jason Chavezz. Don't like Comey, He's been compliant!
Don't stand idly by, Stand up for Standing Rock! NO DAPL!
then HELP Donald Trump rather than hinder him!  Let's bring the jobs back!!
Impeach Obama and anyone affiliated with the muslim brotherhood removed from our government!!
Clean out the White House!! Impeach and anyone affiliated with the muslim brotherhood removed from our government
people in that part of world do NOT hate Americans.Terrorists do,same terrorists who r brutally killing people of these countries.
Where were you standing the last 8 yrs we've been sending them money? NOW you want to take a stand? #PoliticalJargan
#yay now you're on the Trump train
They razed the last Christian Church in Afghanistan on US tax dollars.
then why did you lean to the middle during this election cycle instead of sticking to your guns? Not the year to go PC.
Stand up and jail the wrong...the wrong doers need law and order ... crimes need to stop!  (-)$20,493,291,113,807.77 #nationaldebt
So how goes your bring the drones home to shot Americans standing outside of liquor stores plan?
probably should spell check.
Sadly I'm 100% correct on @RandPaul's fiendish plans for America.
how I wish that you ran on the libertarian ticket this election.
vote trump!!
What about the HRC foundation... given our tax money?  HOW MUCH was it? Billions....  aide other country's.... not!
@alllibertynews  Dr Paul pls show the sheep the way to salvation
Population of Kentucky: 4,339,367
America 1st
well said!
Awesome
populist
Taxation is Theft
