@rharrisonfries This man is one of the very few that does his job.
FEDERAL RESERVE ACT OF 1913, GAVE THE ZIONIST JEWS OF ROTHSCHILDES, CONTROL OF OUR FINANCIAL SYSTEM BY HIJACKING THE TREASURY
@CherokeeBlueTP
#ThisIsRacisimPaulRyan 
Tweeted it to him; his handle is @SpeakerRyan.
Too bad you didn't feel this way when George Bush was out of control. Actually, you and your party didn't even debate it.
um, yeah he did? He wasn't even in office back then, but his dad was fighting Bush's wars tooth and nail
Ok. If you say so.
thank you.
@alllibertynews where was congress on Libya?
Thanks Sen. Paul for discussing sound policy so well & w/ the passion you have. Our country is a better place w/ your leadership.
@FerrierJake Thoughts?
But Congress speaks out of both sides of it's mouth.that won't change - too much $$$
true.  But Congress cannot agree on anything.
Finally! We agree on something. #blindsquirell&nut
would be nice if it required majority of both/all parties represented in Congress
@DisIzWhyImScott
I'M WRITING YOU IN!  You are MY candidate.
@Turnercommasam
.
You are right.  But why dp GOP "Constitutionalists" like @tedcruz votes to fund all the empire building wars?
@justinamash Dr. Paul, have you ran this past Trump first?
#canthandletherandal we will see you as POTUS some day. Keep fighting for Liberty in the Senate.
@justinamash 
US Congress has ignored this Constitutional 'detail' since 1941.  :-(
And our Constitution-illiterate citizens.
The problem is that congress are a bunch of idiots and pukes that can't get anything important done!  Maybe name a bridge
But Congress and the Senate have allowed the president to sell weapons to the mexican drug cartels without consequences.
#why don't u SUFM?
“I abhor war & view it as the greatest scourge of mankind. The most successful war seldom pays for its losses.” Thomas Jefferson
@justinamash power of declaring war is  vested in the legislature at large. (To the Pennsylvania ratifying  convention, 1787.)
@justinamash  not be in the power of a single man, or a single body of men, to  involve us in such distress; for the important
@justinamash James Wilson:framer &ratifier: "This system will not hurry us into war; it is calculated to guard against it. It will
@justinamash  of importance can b undertakn until after they shall hav deliberated upon the subject & authorized such a measure."
@justinamash George Washington: "The constitution vests the power of declaring war in  Congress; therefore no offensive expedition
do your job then! Talking all that  but no action. You all are a shame.
@justinamash Congress does not even have the ability to give away that right no matter what they pass
@justinamash The exec has no right, in any case,2 decid the question, whethr ther is or is not caus 4 declaring war. James Madison
@justinamash 
"The power to declare war is fully and exclusively vested in the legislature"- James Madison
@justinamash I swore to uphold the constitution .. now they just raise their hand and swear. Sgt. Franzen 

#sonofabitchshit
Dear @RandPaul: How likely do you think it is that the guy you endorsed for president would respect those limits? @justinamash
Our Constitution hasnt been followed since the Patriot Act at a minimum. Our elections rigged for years and the system is corrupt.
you are a pain in the....
truth tellers tend to be , you should thank @RandPaul there are too many sheep in the Senate #Liberty
Constitution is a statist document.
hope something good comes out of your amendment
Indeed congress should vote. It's also Congress's job to approve SCOTUS nominations. Which you guys aren't doing either by choice.
Congress already has the power and can bring balance back.  It's called using impeachment against unconstitutional acts
not happening democrat hate constitution
thank you
But legal precedent upheld in SCOTUS, says all use of troops on foreign soil is not war.
Our traitorous Congress has given authority over America to the United Nations. We don't have authority to declare war. UN does.
- Correct. Now congress should stop Obama from over-reaching his authority. Do their job and put him in his place for once.
That's why .@RandPaul will never be elected King.
Bingo! We have a winner!
then get to work on it
duh!  You scream at Obama but sit on your hands!  Do something!
Here, here..Senator. We the people would like to hear more from you. Mr.Trump I believe wold love to hear from you. Not far apart
oh, sneaky, there's a reason you didn't say "declare war," b/c you're too chicken to do so.
true, but this president and administration don't care about the rule of the law. And there is nobody in their govt to stop it
Mr @DeanHeller This needs to be done
Do you support felons owning firearms?
applause*
Also requires laws be made and passed by CONGRESS. The EXECUTIVE branch does NOT have the constitutional right to make ANY law.
Please pass laws necessary to bring the balance of power back to it’s pre-endless war status. Reign in the office of President.
#StandWithRand #UnSuspend #PresidentPaul2016
