Coal-health claims are not supported by the evidence. https://friendsofscience.org/assets/documents/FoS_BurningQuestions_Health_Coal_Wildfires_Jan2015.pdf …
Coal needs to stay in the mines,just transition!
Where do you think some of the electricity that you use to light your home and charge your electric car comes from??  Coal!!
Solar!!
I also imagine he wouldn't be interested in spending too much time in a coal mine near a coal power plant.
Except of course there is. Maybe Paul should say that after staying near a hog farm for a few weeks.
Eliminate the estate tax so these farm families can leave them to their kids without having to sell it to pay the tax.
I don't totally disagree, but inevitably we need to transition. People will lose jobs if they don't have marketable skills. Sorry.
@alllibertynews coal is dangerous for your health
Yes, let's get on with the issues.
.@RandPaul No we don't because I'd like a planet that supports human life - you should too since, you know, you're a human?
let's stop the war on the climate.
-we need the jobs in the coal industry, every job has its dangers, and if that's all they know, don't ruin it.
Thank you for supporting an end to the war on coal.
As long as people kill,and eat animals,There will be war,poverty and Injustice.
@BreitbartNews @RandPaul All in this country are currently allowed a view Nona. Yours on this subject-however-is quite silly. GL
Read up on Pythagoras,Tolstoy, and Einsteins theory's.Not Silly,Just Humane!
Have&readChaucer/ Hoccleve&Gower. SawPaintings atLascaux. IF onlyPrehistoric R medievalMan had learned?
When will you be honest with the people of Kentucky?  Coal is a dead energy source.
"Google lithium mining for electric cars!! You environment nuts cracking me up
It's not environmental nuts Killing coal. You can thank petroleum, natural gas, nuclear, solar, and wind for that.
LOL typical liberal, fixate on one issue(coal), not big picture. Then ridicule/name call if disagre
you need to stop the war in the #republican party. Support @SpeakerRyan #nevertrump #dumptrump @ananavarro
@alllibertynews @RandPaul @SpeakerRyan @ananavarro Why support that flip-flopping shill??
because #nevertrump
never #HillaryForPresident #maga
whatever
what war on coal???? What have republicans ever done for eastern Kentucky??
You're right; there IS no balance.  Health and safety should come FIRST, profits SECOND.  You are distorted by greed.
Agrer on #familyfarms. Not so much on coal. We also need to stop the war on the environment. #StandingRock
#standwithrand
"war on coal"? Please, coal mine companies have been waging a war on coal miners for centuries #UpperBigBranch #Sago #Centralia
In Alberta, the health stats do not support claims against coal. It's the opposite! https://friendsofsciencecalgary.wordpress.com/2016/09/29/dire-consequences-destroying-albertas-affordable-power-advantage/ …
@Bailonomics Coal resources dwindling & TOXIC! Safety issues, family farms not protected as long as GOP holds House and Senate!
Lots and lots of people, including children die in America for profits of farmers and coal companies.
My classmate found his best friends body spread over a field because he was operating farm machinery as preteen.
People die for those jobs - a whole lot of people. You can say it is worth it but can't say it doesn't happen.

when Coal stopped at the war on our life span will stop at War on it
We need to CONTINUE THE WAR against unsustainable fossil fuels so we leave a planet for those who come after us. It's not all $$$$
@alllibertynews no war on family farms. Farms get tax breaks & use cheap labor. Most are corp owned getting huge subsidies.
@alllibertynews no war on coal just big business war on coal miners. Keep spreading the lie to protect the money & gin up the base
@alllibertynews screw coal let's push for the legalization of hemp so we can see a better economy and a healthy planet 
Keep up the fight!  Dropping kids at LSA behind a car that has Rand 2016, was wishing we were set up for a write in candidate :(
Also stop the war on foreigners (which = a war on Americans)
there is no such thing as #cleancoal the technology is there but #coalash and carbon waste make #coal the dirtiest of carbon fuels
@HillaryClinton You can't expect to win WV after all the lives you have have scarred with war on coal. Climate change is a fraud!
that's so sad.
repeal the inheritance tax.
Your dad was a much better man, and not a sellout. You will never measure up unless you cut the Republican donor crap.
CRIME AGAINST LOGGING ON THIER FARMS. CLOSING FARMS REV. SECURING A FOOD SOURCE. MATTER OF NATIONAL SECURITY.
A picture is worth a 1000 words
#NationalFarmersDay.  #StandWithRand
OMG, something similar happened to my grandparents in the early 90s and put them out of business :(
buggy whips, slide rules, coal.
there is no balance between anything at all Dr Paul
we need to end the subsidies system and cruelty associated with factory farms.
you should be our republican nominee 
retrain the coal workers. They would make excellent uranium miners. #NuclearisCleanEnergy.
The Great Globalist Miscalculation
Understand people; there is nothing america can do to improve herself without total 'crash' economically! 3rd world!
Convention of States
We've put it off long enough. If not now when? We are a banana republic the time has come.
Big box outlets, huge farming operations, coal extraction, we nee to rethink and regenerate our state and local economies.
Amen! And do you really think HRC will do that?
when do we stop the war on our environment? we can live wtout coal, we can even retrain coal workers, but we can't live w/out air.
- right on Dr Paul from this North Alabama farmer!
Not done yet it seems. Don't forget that 9 out of 10 jobs in mining have been replaced by automation. Should have seen it coming.
Please explain what you mean by health because that doesn't include coal for the miners or the people. Look up Oikos in Greek.
If the @GOP was really so concerned for the miners, they'd have done something for them long ago. Retraining for starters.
Oh gawd. Coal is leaving because of the market place, and the desire of We The People to change our energy paradigm to clean.
Should have been stopped a long time ago! Congress has done nothing but bow down to Obama! #TruthHurts
how about stopping the Hillary's global corruption machine???
what is your stance on nuclear power?
o how I wish you had won the Republican nomination.  Run in 4 years but start marketing yourself now. See Obama 's history.
did you see the #wikileaks ? Hillary was afraid to go against you due to your outreach to Hispanics and blacks. Stay strong!
interesting combination (like combining pollution with medicine). How much $ have your coal pals given you?
thank you its about energy and economic freedom stop the globalist destroying America
God bless the American farmers and their families!
#NationalFarmersDay
vote for Trump, the voice of the outsider!
@zavie8 If you would support our candidate we will get that accomplished!!
can't u find another energy source?
People and the planet have suffered enough
are you backing Trump?
I'm becoming a Rand Paul fan 
Why is Mcconnell not passing the pension bill ??
If we have no health or safety, we have nothing. We can build on replacing coal while also improving farming and the environment.
You've been there 6 years. McConnell's been there most of my adult life. What have either of you done to help coal? I'll wait.
@catoletters I was a Delegate for your father...thanks for all the good thoughts you could ever muster in re @realDonaldTrump MAGA
those two are ≠. Cheaper and cleaner alternatives to coal exist = can be eliminated. Not same for farms.
Right to farm -- eating emotion   http://canadafreepress.com/article/right-to-farm-eating-emotion … #EPA #OK #MO #NE
as a family farmer, I know nada of war on family farms, but all for "war"on #Monsanto/factoryfarms as they try to snuff us daily
then stop @HillaryClinton  and @realDonaldTrump time to back @GovGaryJohnson
Keep fighting for us, keep spreading the word and tell your dad we said hi...
Trump won't end the war on coal !  Killary has said, I will create clean energy & put coal miners out of work .
your voice matters, thank you.
You were my first choice for President. Godspeed
Mine too...of Hairclub for Aquabuddha.
Hillary will kill farming, coal, and the entire Country  We work with coal in the R.R. yard, there goes our jobs 
Comey could not find "intent"-must not have looked very hard. Why isn't she in jail?
what about the war on nature and mountaintops? That was about sacrificing mountains so Mr Peabody could reduce jobs.
I think you confused the word "Family" with the word "Factory!"
There is no war on coal.  None.  Cheap natural gas killed it like a bug on the windshield of history.
is coal going to stop it's war against our environment? Time to move on, retrain for green jobs. Plenty of advanced warning.
Thank you Rand..keep delivering the message
Dr. Paul do me a favor and get Paul Ryan to quit congress and go home. Nobody likes him anymore and he is ineffective as a leader.
I like Ryan.
me too
Ohio and other States will be sorry when they lose their high pay jobs if God forbid, Hillary gets in. All workers move to jobs.
the war on coal is Nat Gas, its cheap and abundant and has replaced coal as the preferred energy source, its not political just $
You MUST stop the war on @realDonaldTrump Unite the party #NEVERHILLARY
Your people:
I hope your ideas will  influence many young Republicans to invest in farming. We have no regulations what China puts in our food.
I agree sir. Fight on. Save Ammon Bundy
Coal kills and you are a moron.
Only Trump can stop it. Hillary will destroy those coal jobs and companies. Then they retrain and compete in the cities for less $
Randy we are all Resnecks now and we are in Ky so we are redneck for sure ! Feels great to be a American
war on coal?  I hope so - it's the biggest air polluter in the US.
Are you backing Trump?
I really hope you win Kentucky.
