Saudi Arabia didn't invade countries.
US and IRAN are leading the world towards destruction.
@RandPaul
Yemen doesn't ring a bell?
Those who started wars in Afghanistan & Iraq are behind war in Yemen. KSA  is only fighing back Houthis (Iran).
@stalinindahouse 
@RandPaul
So the Saudis? They were involved in it too.
Many terrorists claim to be Muslims & Saudi, and all they do is kill Muslims !
Anyone can be anything..
@stalinindahouse
 @RandPaul
Still terrorism and still funded by the KSA. Saudis don't view other sects of Islam as Muslims.
Saudi Arabia?
April 19,1995
Oklahoma City bombing
168 people dead 
Hundreds more injured
@stalinindahouse
@RandPaul
Far right extremists? Just like you and the rest of the KSA jihadists!
This is why we should've let the Saddam Hussein slaughter the Saudis.
Everyone would've benefitted.
#WednesdayWisdom
USA need Saudi cash !! 
But Saudi can get arms via another seller !! 
Saudi was reliable ally but USA change it face !!
You are right 100%
I pray for the day that Iran and the Russians steamroll through Riyadh
you dreaming ؛)
Your entire army hierarchy is composed of royals, whether or not they are competent.
rand you do not represent the interest of the ppl of both countrys Saudi is the leader of the whole Islamic world it has power
America has no responsibility to act in Saudi Arabia's interest
Especially while Yemen is getting pounded with those same weapons
Yemen is controlled by hothies group terrorist who got support from Iran and threaten us
You Saudis deserve to be threatened. Let's not forget those 9/11 ties
@stalinindahouse @Mike_Nichols @MasonMorris9 @RandPaul
بخشم الريال يازق
we are jahfling this voting
Tbh saudi arabia doesn't Need you guys we got the money+the power.
one day we will do it by our self, just wait :)
hell no
fuck yes
Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes!
@RandPaul
ليه نو يابن الحرام
$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
.
أنت لاتؤيّد البيع لأن السعودية بدأت في الإعتماد على نفسها وأمريكا لاتريد ذلك ولاتريد إستقرار المنطقة .. هي مسؤولة عن مايجري هنا
السعوديه عاصمة السلام،ليت العالم سالم من امريكا كان سالم من الشر
والسلاح بخشم الريال يالافرنجي مالك فظل اي بلبل انقلش يترجم للكافر
يا ثور يابن الثور ياغبي 
maybe but not for terrorists
nope.
U need oil and we have to get what we need , or ride a donkey for the rest of ur lives ..
هههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههه كفووو
I think that we pay for these , they aren't for free  and also there is too many countries who also can give good deals !
yes
Just another black male 
28 pages used for the past 20 years was nothing
Ask the people working in such factories you shmok
عندكم هذا العلج صوت بـ yes
Should the US be selling $1.15 billion in arms to our unreliable "ally" Saudi Arabia?
it's tempting to just click NO at face value, but maybe a third option, "I don't know enough about this to just click yes or no?"
That is America! there is no a middle option (you are with us or against us)
It does not matter Over Altaakh win our religion and is not this what we have learned Bslahna .
take

Yes as the Kingdom has been a victim of terrorism and has taken several measures to fight this serious scourge.
ً@RandPaul كفوووو
انا رقصت معهم بس السيف طاح وهم يصورو عشان كذا إختفيت
.@RandPaul United States of America , such as women , we have
وحش والله 
this is like the sexiest film 
They are tired but they need money
yes yes yes yes

we are ally for more than 50 years we will still be for the stability of Middle East
I believe that US win from supplying both sides with arms.
SA is a big son of US so why not selling some of fireworks by billions?
They are all Saudis
Yes, I support and strongly that because Saudi Arabia is fighting terrorism even extremist groups from the area disappear
السعودية تقتل الارهابين فينه هي من تدعم القاعدة في اليمن وهي من تدعم داعش في سوريا علي اساس انهم كلهم مع السنه ليش واحن
Saudi Arabia = isis = Terrorist
give me evidences about this
@IWOLFQ8 @RandPaul
not provable evidence i cant fake any newspaper
مصورين توشكا بعد ماتحشر وماحصل تصريفه 
U.S are pacifists in the media , terrorists in reality.
ترا نوقف النفط
No need to question
 will sell for money
ذلحين بيجون ناس زاحفين ويركبون على التغريدة اخذ حقه بدق خشوم ما خذ حقه بحب خشوم
yes
we got the deal sweetie, relax and have cup of tea.
wtf?
tell me about the Dissolution of the Soviet Union ? How and who works for it with the US ?!!
the US should stop supporting The Iranian terrorist regime to be the regional police in ME. Be a reliable ally to Saudi u jerk
the only country that is supporting and funding jihadis is the US directly and indirectly through the Iranian regime
No they kil as Saudi kil yemen people
Yes
nope
We are going to show you "Jahfli rule"
If did not know the Saudi nation..
We are going to win this voting
@RandPaul @alikhiwani
only if your puppet Hillary is elected. Amarica should not sell Saudis a potato gun.
ترامب سوف يتولى الرئاسه وسوف يبيع للسعوديه السلاح

هل تعرف لماذا؟ﻷنكم عبيد للمال
can someone translate don't speak Enochian.
I'm pretty sure Hillary or Trump will sell guns to us because you worship money $$$
I worship myself to the three times a week in my bedroom spread my seed
We know you very well  you can't refuse our money 
you can take your money and put it in a pipe and smoke it.
Stop supporting the fucking Iranian Government for what they do in the region, then we would say we are fully in the same page.
Who are the people voting yes?
I know, right? That shocked me. I have no idea why so many people voted yes or who they are. @dw_68 @RandPaul @justinamash
bots tht cant retweet smh
Do you think that bots voted? 73% voting "Yes" seems completely unrealistic. 
@addhdgamer @dw_68 @RandPaul @justinamash
Last time I saw numbers that high was Saddam Hussein's last election.
good one lol
We have Russia
We have China
We have nuclear weapons in Pakistan :)
@RandPaul
they better do or else you'll going to eat from the dumpsters FACT:US income is mainly from gun sales that is why we always at war
Americans are criminals !
هههههههههههههههههههه متى يفهمون ان تويتر حقنا 
yes
kiss your ass
By the way..Saudi is paying for them. You are not donating them like the ones USA donate to Zionists in Israel from tax money.
If Saudi is denied these arms will buy them from somewhere else.But this is good for the people who know that USA is not an ally.
yes my nigga 
So, what do you think of the results now?
yes yes yes yes yes yes
@RandPaul
Should Saudi Arabia be selling oil to unreliable "ally" USA? US can't live without KSA #true
yes
yes
اقول تعرف عايض .. do you know AYEDH
Fake yo ob amrica
Man, you need them than they need you , so sell them what they need , you must think more .
@akklaph ان الذين يصوتون لال سعود غدا سيحاسبهم الله هلى انهم خونة
Rating funny that you work to the point of death Hahahaha
lots of trolls voting here. Hell no we shouldn't. Should not involve ourselves any more, especially propping up oppressive regimes
( jahfila )
غصبن عنك yes
selling arms makes usa great
You have to take this in granted stuiped ass
if US didn't ,, we will get it from the other shops ( France , Russia , china ) 
yas yaasss .
yes
take this baby  fouck u
yes
يجب أن يكون بيع الولايات المتحدة 1.15 مليار $ في الأسلحة لدينا لا يمكن الاعتماد عليها "حليف" المملكة العربية السعودية؟
yes
نحن لا نعتمد على اسلحتكم و نستطيع ان نتحالف مع اي دولة لكن أنتم في حاجة ماسة إلينا 
US state and give him a persecutor of the cemetery and the people are forced not the choice
اجل ماتبي تبيع هاه
@RandPaul
no and and no nooooo
never-ever
Poor Rand.
We'll buy your poll.
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia terrorist extremism and terrorism
See this is what Saudi Arabia is doing in Yemen
yes  YSE yeeeeeeeeeessssssssssssss 
yyyyyyyyyyeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeessssssssssssssssssssss  yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yessss
Yes .. USA need 
KSA  have     
+=
We are here 

هذي آخرتها السعوديه راح تفتح لكم بيوتكم و اعمال في بلدكم حتى تتعيشون من الشغل بس بدون. شروط لو سمحتم و الا روسيا على الباب
ياعيال yes
we can buy you and your country arms coz we have MONEY  and we can stop buying your arms and you will cry like a bitch lool
@RandPaul
We Saudis We hope that we buy weapons from the more creative you nations such as Germany and China, North Korea
With the right price, I can get you for foot massage
no
Whatever happens will agree money does everything
@RandPaul
@RandPaul
حتي لو جابوهن لكم سوف نطحنهن بالحد الجنوبي كما تم طحن السابقات 
السلاح يبي رجال مش جنس ثالث
by money every thing coming easy 4 any thing , think about 
who the fuck are they to say no
You don't have balls to stop it :)
Its waaay bigger than someone like you dare to stop it :)
Even ur voting, we'll own it :)
yes yes yes
@CalebDob how the hell are there so many people who answered yes.
unreliable your shit
yes
@RandPaul
this vote is bull shit 
you suggest that saudi is unreliable in the vote !! When you but a vote keep your opinion for you
تعطونا اسلحة زي الكلاب
Fully agree
you are all Americans "government and people" SLAVES of money So I'm sure u will not refuse this huge deal
اسمع جيدا ايه المعتوه!
قريبا .ستأتي انت ودولتك لتشتري أسلحة من السعودية. @meshaluk 
@RandPaul @naif4002 @hanisunitan @Abdulaziz505 @0Strict
of course yes
Yes
@RandPaul
No
no
"unreliable", KSA isn't concerned with this ancient lang. ,it's a matter of business no more, you must tweet as a doctor 
yes
yes
If you do not buy the Saudi arms of her property, because America was a poor country 
yes
خلني العب عليهم 
yes ,,
by Saudi money can buy your family
يجيبك الوقت والا تجيبك الحاجه 

#مرتزقه
https://youtu.be/aQkYtmewSpQ 
hi bitchs
No Dawon Ksa
قلبنااااها كفففففو 
ما سمعت السؤال ي المروح ؟ ابو فهد ماهو بحاجة استفتائك اذا بغا شيء جابة
yes they should because if they don't, we won't sell them the oil 
yes
@RandPaul
Please watch this
كففففوووو 
don't you ever dare messing around with us
Mr. Nasser, you are for the US selling of weapons to Saudi, yes?
I'm against the way he described our government.
I'll say, the US Government and Saudi Arabia have been nothing  but reliant on each other. He is wrong there.
thanks for being honest.
The US Government is horrible with honesty.
I've nothing to say 
we have a lot of money and we will get you to be a little dog in my country soon as possible
بأسلحتكم او بدونها لا يهمنا 
Yes
absolutely unequivocally yes and big yes
تجحفلنا وقعدنا 
وقفت عليكم نروح نشري من الصين ولا روسيا وش نبي بأسلحتكم ياكافر 
Hell no.
الشعب طاقه بكل محل
hell yeah
yope.
yes yes yes
yes
we own twitter bitch
Wow, why are so many people voting yes? *scrolls down to see lots of Arabic messages* Aha
Can you come to saudi ? We miss to your ass 
you are unreliable
yes we can get it by our money .. also we can buy it from china and russia
yes
You will change your mind when you see the money  . Because you are very greedy people.
of course yes
SAUDIS ARE CHEATIN N VOTIN
hell yes
be smart, man.
وهل يوجد سوق لأسلحتكم غيرنا
وهل يوجد سبب للنزاعات و الحروب في الشرق الأوسط
غير انها لترويج اسلحتكم اولا
ثم قطع غيارها
استنزاف
