"Balanced " budget!
@mark_stephens21 Good Rand,glad to hear it!I totally agree.
I  do stand with Rand!Worked on Rands prez.election and met twice!Rand!
@alllibertynews ...Why mix the cases? Aren't you better than that? Keep it on a higher plane!
please do something about extreme government pensions.  Nobody except #POTUS should get more than $10,000 per month. @seanhannity
Good to hear Rand!Keep them in line.Your a man of integrity and one I will always support!you Rand  Paul!!!
They never balance. The lazy, dysfunctional Congress will end up passing yet another omnibus bill anyway.
@silentboomer thank you sir!
@meagandrichard Funny but the last time Congress passed a budget was in 1997.
I just retired from the Federal Government after 41 years and 10 days with the US Military and US DoD.I agree with you 100%.Whooha
@alllibertynews might have to move to California, but then you would be turned down for a job 2 to 1 democrack'$ and republiCON'$?
amazing there's only one of you… what a swamp
okay, but will you submit an alternative that will balance?
Trump has said that he does not want a budget.
http://time.com/4596673/rand-paul-repeal-obamacare/ …
Thank you Dr. Paul for fighting for a balanced budget and reminding us that Republicans own this issue
How would you suggest we predict it with a DJT paradigm tax revenue?Get the the point!End,The,Fed!Strategic credit changes world.
@CaptainPAYGO Fair enough. His dad wanted to end the Fed which would subject the  govt to a budget constraint taught in econ 101.
I stand with you on this mr Paul. Let's get more senators on board and pass a balanced budget amendment. We can do it!
@nickgillespie How quaint.
Thankyou Rand for your values and strong leadership!Please run again in 2020!you Rand the man!!!
We need more men and women like you representing us!
you're my hero.
I thought the whole point of a budget was to balance money earned with money spent.  Silly me...
Not to worry! We are in the post-truth, post-budget  era now.
@nickgillespie what if it only balances due to increased revenue (higher taxes)?
Time to end the 1 year budget. Go to 5 year with annual review / prioritization adjustment.
Well you know darn well that's not going to happen, so are you throwing your support behind #ConventionofStates ?
Now see, that's what I expect out of my Senator, sensibility. His reason for not supporting Bolton, still unclear.
Congress heard to say: “That’s crazy talk.”
Thank You ... We are counting on you more than ever !
What if it reduces the debt by upward of 70%?
if he voted on any budget prior he's another damn rino portraying a conservative R
did u vote for a budget prior to this ? any budget?
Yeah you will
it's very easy to balance a budget take away stupid government spending and waste and the welfare states! Cut pay to politicians!
...is this a "new" stance for you?
How about not allowing a Russian controlled Presidency??
didn't obama say we were friends with russia and hillary do a reset button w/russia & ur accusing trump now lol
Having a working relationship with Russia and China is ideal; having them influence/RIG our elections, not so much!
Save that shit for 2018 when we're not using reconciliation to repeal O-Care.
Balance budget by passing legislation to limit federal spending in a particular state to the amount it contributes in fed taxes
Go Rand!
@MichaelDendor maybe raise revenue on hyper wealthy then? Also a question: do most save up $300k to buy house or do they finance?
I save up so that when I borrow I know what I can pay back. Don't over extend myself.
but you still operate on debt, yes? Just checking...
Operate on it. Don't get crushed by it and ignore it.
I agree. Remember that both parties contribute to this almost equally. Instead we squabble about marriage, etc.
Liberals have turned marriage into a business transaction anyway.
the guy you endorsed, Mitch M, does. Get your house in order
picturing a trained seal.
The party must end. It’s time to get sober. It must stop so that we, then, CAN have another party later on.
I'm there with you. If citizens live on a budget, so should the government. It's we the people, not we the social elitist.
we could quickly balance the budget by eliminating retirement payments to Senators and Congressmen.
I'm ok with that. Not so much with Russians putting a puppet in power.
sometimes you have to bend a little or get out.
I'm not a big fan of @RandPaul but appreciate his stand on the debt/budget SPENDING HAS TO STOP!

Would be more impressed with a reduction in total spending; it's the total budget, not just the deficit.
To balance the budget will require significant cuts in spending; that we want limited gov't is to confuse people on debt/deficit

so in otherwords you still want tax payers to pay $250 for a bic pen for each representative and senator. Its balanced now at that
@CraigRBrittain have you proposed a balanced budget?
keep fighting for us Rand it gives some hope!!
@CasperMomNJ Budget needs to balance itself through growth of economy. Austerity would be economic suicide. Depression inducing.
Wrong: The debt itself will soon crash the economy & more.
As long as deficit not growing welfare state or paying 4 endless wars then I don't worry too much. Think Japan here
You should worry!
Not dismissing your concerns. But I'd take an incremental approach and start with any benefits accrued 2 illegals
what do you think of the penny plan. Cut one penny on every cost spent for each program each year?
How many others can you get to join you in this goal?  What is the President-elect's position on balanced budget? Force in numbers
#BalanceTheBudget Pass a balanced budget amendment. Govt must live within its means.
Given deficit size,  Paul's pov remarkably unfair. Increases in rev & spending cuts need a little time. Be Gentle
& u shouldn't, but shouldn't you be Trying to help balance it? Your expertise is needed, dont' waste simply by stating "I won't"..
when you say balance, are you implying spending should be equal to forecasted tax revenues or something else ?
The USA always loves to be #1 in economics!
then get your dynamic scoring geared up big time or get out of the damn way. W/ tax rates high, U wont ever shrink govt like that
so only "no" votes for the next 4 years? Debt-financed tax cuts, military buildup, infrastructure. Where da $ for dat?
Absolutely, fiscal responsibility is a core Republican value. No extra expenditure, no more debt.
lol… correction--WAS a core republican value
thanks
He won't so you all better listen to the genius he knows what he speaks of n will do his job correctly #StandWithRand

how about not confirming any neocons or chickenhawks like @AmbJohnBolton ???
If you don't want  @AmbJohnBolton as SoS don't blame Paul Ryan when SHTF
I would say SHTF years ago because of policies like his...
Thank you from #TheOtherWashington @PattyMurray @SenatorCantwell
Good,.
Thank god.
thats good but also  why youll never be president
Considering the stupidity of a lot of Americans....
thank you we need more fiscal responsibility
The only budget that will balance slashes Social Security and Medicare. Lets looks for small changes: that will pass both chambers
Let's be honest about problem & quit lying to the people of the United States! We need a new GREATEST GENERATION on debt/spending.

Not voting...easy...getting a balanced budget...hard.
If you propose your own, why not offset education spending by decriminalizing hemp & marijuana on Fed level?
Dr Paul,  How about ending ALL new program spending until the debt is repaid. Stop spending on projects like new medical research
k be a stick in the mud. It will take a few years of hard work to pull us out. You are a joke, always have been.
do you believe our current system or policies are sustainable?

If you have the balls for that have the balls and investigate Trump and his Russian ties.
