Campaigning can be really tough duty.
Corvette? Really? Cmon!
You look fine in that 'Vette, Dr Paul.
@RandPaul
run again rand!
your the fuckin man rand
thank you Rand Paul, we appreciate your service.
Been there several times at the Buick GS Nationals and through the Corvette plant. Always feel welcome in Bowling Green.
nice car. One day I would like to have one.
pay your bills phony
sweet ride sir!
Bowling Green KY is cool. But don't forget Owensboro for even more awesomeness!!!

Attention those in the Military:  Hillary & Media are going to cause a war
Trump: trying to end new Cold War? @CNN http://www.cnn.com/videos/tv/2016/07/30/trump-trying-to-end-new-cold-war.cnn …
Swaveee Rand Paul brilliant genius #StandWithRand in Nov for his seat we need Rand
nice color
Just cruising Dr. Paul?
I'm a big fan. But I'm not sure where you and your devoted followers stand in this election. Hoping you're working to keep HRC out
dude drive a truck your in KY country
Why can't we see more of the professional things you are working on? Or intend to be working on. Where' is your substance?
Very cool Doc, sorry you have to spend so much valuable time running for reelection, you should be Senator for Life, @CoxLanham71

Yeah, I don't like to fake smile for photos either. You had my vote, though! Carry on.
it looks like you're in a tire shop. Lol
do a "bern"out...HA!
is your favorite color maroon ?
- Now that's what I call American Muscle....
@mariannecope he said "KY"
"They see me rollin'..."
would you have bailed out GM? I think not.
stop by the @BGHotRods game.
Vote Trump
c5's are my favorite even over C6 and 7
Dr. Rand Paul is converted to a rich Democrat.
boi you lookin fresh ta death in the seat of that Vette
what's the deal with the logos on your pickup and golf cart? Sponsors?
Turn the windshield wipers off. If it was raining you would have the top up. Maybe you should give me the keys and I let me drive?
that corvette better be a manual.
nearly all convertible C5's were automatic so my money is on "no"
I wondered if you stopped by there, I like the 69 yr stingray hard top convertible!
Can you republish your quote in the debate "Cities and States run by Republicans have more jobs, less crime and income inequality.
love the golf cart matches the convertible!
my brother is a tool maker there. Took the tour last summer. Awesome plant!
Tell me who your friends are and I'll tell you who you are. Mexican Saying #TrumpDoucheBag
Excellent town hall in LaGrange. Did several FACEBOOK posts about what you covered! Thanks!!
most stupid demerit I ever seen
Awwww. Did you get your midlife crisis car?
I'd rather stand by for your Endorsement of @GovGaryJohnson
lol
Safe Travels

Plans for 2020? 
Now, if they would just let you drive it home. . .
But...you could've been a contender.
vet?
mid life crisis? oh Rand!
Yo, Rand. I'm bored. Lets hang out.
Picking up a new Corvette? :)
