You would make a great team
@YALiberty @RandPaul we don't have money for anything but yet they keep spending.... stupid is a compliment
I think that's what Donald Trump said
Pretty much, but Rand has been saying it for years, and his father before him
󾓦 More importantly that's not the job of government. Only #minarchy is needed to ensure natural rights for all. #MAGA
AMERICA FIRST Mr. Rand. You liberals always want to save someone and to hell with your OWN people & country!
Did the Trump train hit you so hard that you can't read?
Maybe between the tv news, internet news, and tweeter, I had a system overload with all the liberals. LOL
Rand Paul isn't a liberal. Not even close. Your boy Trump is about 10000x more liberal than Rand.
personally never liked him myself..
Rand is too Conservative for you
You do if you bring Companies home with lower taxes and regs, lower taxes for us Deplorables, and MUCH less Government!
.@FoxNews .@alllibertynews .@RandPaul how about we don't do any nation building anywhere and leave people alone in peace and liberty?
I don't think Paul has learned a thing about patriotism in his life.
You realize that he and Trump see eye to eye on this. So you want endless wars and Nation building?
I'm for destroying Isis let them rebuild their own country. They started with 911 we owe them nothing.
another spineless cuckservative and member of establishment-controlled "opposition".....
the fuck?
U can do nation building abroad and at home. Build A Successful Homefront & Takedown All Who Invade Your Territory #MAGA
Takedown All Who Invade Your Territory #MAGA
Why can't he be SOS?  @realDonaldTrump
no and its dangerous just like GMOs in our food supply
We don't nation build beyond. We enable people to build there own by helping them remove their bad when it threatens us
Actually we do Nation build abroad we have even built soccer stadiums with US Tax dollars in Afghanistan
I don't consider doing biz nation building which is more defining gov. We let free people definegov itself
Why don't you go over there and help them build their Nation - and leave this one alone. A Deplorable
If you would stop and think, you would see that he and Trump see eye to eye on this.
Not really, listen more closely to the slant of Paul.
Go on now lil Rand, explain why we don't have the money. Don't leave that Tidbit out. It's painfully obvious to most.
it's not Rand's fault, he actually returned $3M of his budget to the treasury. How many Dems did that?
Wasn't suggest just Rand. Just the reason which is we spend all our money overseas while it shld be here.
so do you want more endless wars and spending your tax dollars to rebuild the Middle East?
Mayne you should check out Rand, he has returned $3M of his budget. That is a start
@GrandMasterMaw @RandPaul this is true.
Don't tell @realDonaldTrump that. He has a blank check. Building the Wall. Endless revenge based investigations.Crony CAP
pull the overseas troops back

I have my Liberty torch as well.
Rand is the only member of the Senate to return over $3 Million back of his budget.
If your so smart why aren't you rich.
maybe because he isn't taking bribes like all the Dems
@alllibertynews @RandPaul Why build up the ME? Why create arms race in the ME? Take that wasted money, pay off NatDebt & Cut taxes
We feed our children first, then help our neighbors as much as we are able, but we do not neglect our own.
@PsychicDogTalk3 @RandPaul 
Didn't he run for prez?
Rand Paul is spot on, hopefully Trump utilizes him! Rand loves America and wants to help!
Do you want the job? It sounds like you agree with him.
#StandWithRand Constitutional genius...
for Sec State!
@MZHemingway @RandPaul Let's just see what Trump can do! Seems to be keeping jobs in USA even b4 inauguration
Absolutely!
WHO DIDNT KNOW THAT
but we have money for housing illegals....that has to STOP as well!!
correct. globalist foreign policy over?? hopefully yes. at least that is what was promised by POTUS Trump
@realdonaldtrump Rand Paul should b considered 4 cabinet position.
We guard the borders of other countries.  Let's start guarding our own borders for a change.
if 10 Trillion was put into Military Schools Infrastructure  would have been worth it were to busy ripping off tax payers
we need 2 take care of OUR COUNTRY 1st & help others where we can. Those other countries need 2 grow up/take care of own.
I wish you were SOS :(
Told wife Tucker starts more crap than I do. She says no way
or credibility with an ignorant blowhard who forgoes intelligence briefings for Alex Jones and online faux news.
Always enjoy hearing from Senator Rand, thanks for having him on. #Tucker
Hopefully the other nations will build themselves and not wait for us to support them like in the past.
and it's not our job. Installing regimes is a mistake. We have proven over and over that we're bad at it.
We don't have money for either.  Lets send a bill to the frat boys on wall st and recover some of what was stolen from us
he looks like he had a Vietnam flash back
Bernie...DID  @realDonaldTrump In his "I have a Dream" Of Socialism "Scheme" 4 U.S.
no money and immoral and gets us into more trouble.
well said
just print some more. That always works like a charm!!!!
Agree we can't build for other nations especially since they don't pay us anything
Just think of all the money we won't have after your republican president gets done "fixing" everything.
the countries in ME can not and will never function under a democracy, they can only function under a dictatorship
Although US is not in Nation conquering business, For Trump's Industrial Revolution to kick-start, he just needs land:

Say Loud 20 trillion dollars and more secret ??? America is broke  hope that News sunk in nothing Trump can do
I wish Tucker Carlson would make out with a 9 and pull the trigger. Sean Hannity too. Fox News is total shit.
Until we get the economy growing at 8%, we don't have money for anything.  The future debt payments are swamping future.
then there should be no nation building abroad
it's not our job to nation build.  We can support, but our taxpayers shouldn't shoulder the burden.
He's right about one thing, Can't do both. Which would you like to Rebuild first? America? Or spend on others.
don't worry they'll hit the print button again!
I love you Rand Paul please never give up on liberty and keeping war and its fear mongering out of the state / media
abroad would coming along economic growth not extra spending. #freemarkets
I think you can thank Obama for that. * years and what do we have?
How about u call out the real reason for these decisions, money and who's behind the big money and making profits.
Paul doesnt get it. Conservatives are not interested in "nation building. "  other than USA nation building of course
really, the GOP and DEMS are in bed together. It's called the Military Industrial Compex. He calls them out
well, i can't really disagree with that...sadly.
Actually, he has returned $3M of his budget to the treasury. No other Senator has done this.
@TuckerCarlson  got his ass handed to him in the first segment.  #Wrecked
Rand understands #Trump @realDonaldTrump
yes We Have  No Money
https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/8/1182 …
(Dec. 8, 2015) — The Immigration and Nationality Act passed June 27, 1952
Black people have been saying this for ever
Will somebody please put Rand at the head of an audit of the fed. It needs done and he would have a passion for it.
I wouldn't mind seeing Rand Paul take a shot at SOS.
apple don't fall far from the tree.
we don't need to nation build we need to build America and lead by example let the rest follow
