I think you would be dishonoring those who answered and gave everything without a illustrious career.
By stopping the government from forcing us to serve?
What happens when you do not have enough volunteers?Someone is going to have to go.
In which case the war should end.
Negotiate that with an outfit like Isis.
ISIS is not a threat to America. Let Russia and Iran deal with them. Arm the Kurds and cut ties with Turkey.
isis is not a threat to us? You're delusional in the extreme. Let Iran fight? Iran is part of the problem.
Iran is not a big problem. Israel is trying to manipulate America to fight their battles for them.
nooooo why? Why would you repeal the draft??
Because it forces Americans to serve in the military.
And that's a bad thing?
Yes. The government should not force any American to serve them in a war.
it is the american citizens DUTY to SERVE THIS NATION
If whichever president/political party you dislike started a war would you still think so?
yes absolutely even if Hillary were to win I would still serve in the military.
Without being forced to?
oh Rand, losing more of my respect day by day. Study history, freedom isn't won by pacifism.
You can't say you support Freedom while you support forcing people who don't wish to fight to fight for you.
I'm sure at some point you've heard this saying FREEDOM ISN'T FREE. In defense of my country, I will go.
Freedom actually just requires the government and others leave you alone...
yeah, who needs a government? I keep my F-16 & Abrams always ready in my garage.
Sadly I believe this is illegal....
Your sentiment is appreciated, but how bout you repeal the Military-Industrial Complex? The draft is irrelevant; war is marketed!
@alllibertynews "Every citizen should be a soldier."~Thomas Jefferson
It's 2016, not 1776. Every citizen should be a global citizen. Every soldier should object.
Sorry Brent, can't buy the JWO "world citizen" BS, but thanx 4 the thought!
I know it's pretty hard to think beyond borders isn't it. Try harder.
Not that hard, it worked great for Stalin & Hitler...for their victims, not so much.

#KHAZARi$tocracy
They weren't cosmopolitanists, they were fascists. Learn. Hitler was elected by people like you, not me.
*LMAO*
Books are your friends, Brent...try reading a few on history, instead of revising it to your narrative
Ah the classic rebuttal.
@TravisBickle52 @RandPaul
@freedomtex       He dodged the draft, and turned to Islam. To Avoid going to War. But Still wanted to fight. Really?
Doesn't matter if you like Ali overall, @RandPaul is right to take up this cause.
Sen. @RandPaul, respect you tremendously...but you need to explain the logic on your statement...as it stands, does not seem just.
what is wrong with it he just wants to let people live free as your profile pic promotes
Freedom does not come free.  @RandPaul
Enough with the #PC #BS
this had nothing to do with political correctness just the pursuit of greater Liberty which is the goal of ending #pc
@stuartlknight Joe Louis was drafted in WWII and boxed exhibitions the whole time he was in the Army. Clay could have done same.
draft is unconstitutional
you can't force someone off to war
I know there was a draft lol. I'm saying it is wrong.
TRUMP --- Disregard ALL ELSE.. U.S. SUPREME COURT APPOINTMENTS.
CRICKETS CHIRPING in the Background if they screw with TRUMP at CONVENTION
the Supreme Court is not the only issue.
Yet, So Immense it is larger than any other we have faced before. Just happens that we have a ton of other
@freedomtex first of all, there is no draft. And there is nothing heroic in being a draft dodger.
Proud that Ali was a Kentuckian, proud that you're a Ky Senator despite your conservatism!  Keep up the good work.
Draft not limited to Vietnam.  Started Civil War. Used WWI, WWII, and Korea. 
http://www.britannica.com/topic/Selective-Service-Acts …
Sometimes I forget you're a Republican, Rand. Especially on the important issues.
I have a lot of respect for this bold stance
this is why you will never be a president. Athletes are nothing be a real hero join military for your life's work.
WOW!  That will be an honor he would truly respect. On his behalf, thank you.
just curious about what you mean specifically concerning "...injustices in our political system"
good for you Sen. Paul a lot of people in here don't seem to grasp what freedom is but those who do appreciate your action
󾓦 Nice gesture but it should be done in the name of #NaturalRights for all. Let's end #Collectivism: http://amzn.com/B00NF30HC0  #RCW
That's just great... reward the draft dodger and one of America's most outspoken racists.
This so good tybg
@gorsemelango1 u should have done that while he was still breathing,why wait till his demise then purpote to "honour" him?
Beautiful!  Thank you. RIP Muhammad Ali.
Outstanding idea Senator! I'm a big fan myself, I've got the Champ on my Senate desk. #Ali #TheGreatest
@Thomas_Conerty Interesting move...
@freedomtex #DraftDodger
If you're a Trump supporter, surely you're in favor of draft dodgers though right?
perfect
cuck
because the draft is remotely relevant?
That's awesome.
End the draft but not the #EndlessWar?  End the draft but not #StopDroneStrikes?  End the draft but not #bringUStroopshome? #peace
Now that's funny you're going to honor a draft dodger by repealing the draft Disgraceful!
No... Ali was a traitor. Hell No...
Someone should be fighting today's Ninth Circuit decision about concealed weapons.
Nicely written, but remember when you introduce anti draft legislation, that in times of war on our soil we could need that draft
What a total waste of taxpayer money!
that's brilliant
you can't repeal the draft that would just be dumb. And the fact that Mo ali refused draft is nothing to celebrate!
@1776JorD SOUNDS LIB',BUT I'M A HAWK N I CAN GO WITH THIS, I DON'T WANT A MAN FORCED IN THE FOXHOLE WITH ME. GIVE ME A WANT TO GUY
@dhellingkc Pretty much a meaningless exercise at this point.  No one has been drafted in 40 years.
But people HAVE been drafted, in a war that had nothing to do with them no less. It can happen again.
#StandWithRand #UnSuspend #PresidentPaul2016
GO AWAY.
Really???? All the men who died under the draft didn't move you to this but 1 dead boxer does???
USA should only commit troops where Americans who love their country and want to protect their families would go voluntarily.
@Citizen_Smith36 I wish he didn't have to read this whole thing
@Mikeysurf uh no, I like Mr Ali great American personality but was a draft dodger !!! Think of the Families of the fallen ..
Think of those who don't wish to serve who the government will force to serve.
if you don't want to be an American just emigrate .  We would all be better for it.
why?  Obviously you don't understand the need in an emergency
Or you could name it after a noncelebrity who got drafted
eff that yellow belly coward.
Great video honoring Muhammad Ali. Well done.
well we have so many people currently enlisted in the armed forces, so a draft is not necessary. But don't repeal it please!
Draft is completely unconstitutional. I think it should be banned.
Great idea. Btwn active, reserve and Guard (who shouldn't be pulled into wars), there is enough personnel. #Itistime  #EndTheDraft
thank you for your stance on repealing the draft.
"And I wouldn't even mind if people forgot how pretty I was."  #RIPMuhammadAli @RandPaul
the republican we need not donald dump
Now that is Absolutely Awesome! ! ....
Paul smoking again
We are fighting to end the draft, Feminists are fighting to be drafted. Shows you how screwed up they are.
Errrr....Senator...There currently is no draft....
bad news for you...there is 
bold
