Pls tell @POTUS he needs to leave the tax deduction. Middle class in NJ will see their taxes go up about $4k a year.
No loopholes
Government agencies are useless, bloated, wasteful, tax enslaving minions of the establishment, deep state and shadow government Abolish!!!
Executive action is entirely legal. I believe you have aligned yourself with the democrats
Agreed time to vote Rand Paul out and see if he likes Obamacare
What? Like secret HC Plan by Trump's EO. If you had this plan for 9 months, what took so long for DT to support it.#Played
It's not fake news.  IT'S FAKE PEOPLE! RAND YOU MUST BE LAUGHING SEEING HOW MANY STUPID PEOPLE WHO DON'T DO RESEARCH!
I can tell you how many: All of them. So, now what? This is a serious question.
702 needs to go away until legislation can be written to protect our citizens. The abuse is rampant. Six degrees of separation? 702 is wrong
Sounds like the whole system is broken then
IMPEACH TRUMP please
Find somewhere else to live. Trump was elected president. We love our democracy and our country. Resistance is hurting America
How do you feel about the president threatening to pull licenses from stations when he doesn't get fawning press?  How free is that?
Your license will only get pulled if you are not reporting with accuracy.  News stations need to give the American people facts not fiction.
He was on Fox last night. They made up the Seth Rich story by their own admission. The other big networks Do. Not. Do. This.
Laughable...
Dan Coates, philosophical son of J. Edgar Hoover.
Rand I know you dont like Trump but for the good of The people try to work with him. Your wasting your time there .get sumthing dun and fast
Can we all agree to a FACT that Congress is illegally spying on us and arrest “intelligence leaders” already
Yes, we already do agree on most things like privacy and liberty and peace.  They don't care what we want or think.  Blame the NFL players
U all in Frankfort need to untie our physicians hands and let them doctor their patients
Obama spied on you and many other's  Senator.  How do you feel about that ?
Tough shit useless! - refusing to come up with compromise  Perhaps you will gets some cred when you all accept our health plan
No shit.....
They let Oblameo do it
How was your meeting with the white supremacists today?
The 8 years of the Obama administration everything was secret laws and what you and the GOP did?
You helped Trump w/secret bad healthcare! Do not say something when you you are the something...BAD FAKE HEALTHCARE!
How about if they don't know if pre existing protections will disappear
Unbelievable statement.  NBC news should not have reported that false statement and you should not have retweeted it.
Why didn't you speak up when Obama was in office
But it's OK the secret healthcare runarounds? Hypocrite
let them do it, Chinese and Russian have already hacked our personal information, focus on Tax reform and tax cut please and #MAGA
#StandWithRand
Congress needs to get to work. I don't trust senator Rand Paul
Why? You did nothing to stop #Obama! Stop being an obstructionist. Middle class needs tax reform! #StandWithTrump!
WHAT SECRET LAWS? LETS HAVE THE DETAILS
The deep state has been apparent since JFK
You let Obama do it.  Congress needs to get to work and keep their promises of repeal Obamacare
When did you realize that our liberties are being slowly taken away?
Then the senate needs to do their job! Obama did a lot of secret laws and stuff! President Trump would rather you would do your job too!
Why are u blocking taxes
Mr Paul, u talk a good game but seem 2 lack any real ability 2 lead. Leaders have to compromise to move things forward. U obstruct not lead.

Trump's actions are those of a would-be neo-fascist despot. Please SHARE these indicators that the president is a clear and present danger. 
Secret laws are no laws at all.
Trump's tweets are a reflection of the things he or his team HAVE DONE. So, what did he give away of OUR country?
If Chelsea Clinton were asked to hold the seat for her mother,as her mother gave our country away, the Fake News would say CHELSEA FOR PRES!

In authoritarian states, this is common. Manipulating the census is a way to remove accountability, shape policies around invented facts. https://twitter.com/sfheuser/status/918094650807857152 …
You never stood in Obama’s way. Why now?
Why wasn’t it a problem the last 8 years
What does it matter you block every bill coming through. Shut up and wrk for just ur promises #wereFEDup
That's right!  Please stop those CROOKS!!
#ImpeachTrump
Why not?  Been doing it for 8 years.
Congress can't allow a few obstructionist to stop the country... hint hint
Totally agree
Thank you! Knowing that someone can activate devices in my house and watch my wife and kids does NOT feel very free.
How many Americans want their communication searched? This type of thuggery opens up citizens to the planting of rogue files and incriminating info onto their devices for many nefarious reasons by the gov't that we don't trust
Unfortunately, Congress can't seem to get anything done.  Why is that?
Because their checks are not based off of their performance.
The previous administration broke all the rules spying on Americans.Hell they even spied on you Senator Paul! Why aren’t you suing?Expose it
NOR secret misleading laws like the USA Liberty act...REALLY? Stop the criminals Rand!!!
Another step towards totalitarianism! #USA
Agreed.
Coming from our do nothing congress.
It is getting way out of control in DC. Power hungry.  Next some insiders in the DC offices will try to run a coup on the USA.
then maybe you should do something about this oh wait aren't the republicans is charge?  what a joke your all LOOSERS
@RandPaul We just had 8 years of a person who couldn't run Government now look where we are a Country in chaos Liberals and leftest crazy
"Secret Laws" Are Antithetical To Freedom.
The whole system is corrupt
I just got whiplash. Lol
Congress cannot allow a #spyringincongress
Would have loved your presence w/ @replouiegohmert  #AwanBrothers
Watch 
Congress has been a sleep and are still sleeping.  Once they get into the office they forget all they promised.  Political prostitutes!!
Congress allowed Obama to do anything.
Meanwhile the Vegas shooters house was broken into, but we are supposed to “trust”these government yahoos with the handling of our info
Why not?  You GOP guys get pushed around for pretty much everything else.
What laws?
Congress might want to go to work rather than take so much time off.
Where was this sentiment when Obama was destroying r country past 8 yrs. We get Trump in who is FOR America & now u r worried abt secrets? 
What are you referring to. Be specific.
Americans are sick of it, we want privacy for ourselves; NOT for the government. We want secret programs from the past revealed in ENTIRETY.
It amazes me how much I agree with Senator Paul on many liberty issues. He is 100% right here. @RandPaul
Congress can't allow the White House enforce secret laws http://nbcnews.to/2kJQcht 

DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT YOUR TELLING US LIKE WE CAN DO SOMETHING YOU ARE IN POWER FOR SHITS SAKES
What about when Obama'sWhite House did it? Not one word or investagation into to that & it affected congress, too.
Seeing how u can't pass any laws r anything else u should shut up
they can listen in on me all they want...because I DONT BREAK THE LAW!!!!
Congress isn’t doing it’s job.
When do they ever?
Obviously, no one is working with OUR President on OUR AGENDA! The Republicans big lie " Repeal and replace-REPEAL AND REPLACE  REPUBLICANS
Yes, sir protect it. all of the Law 
I agree, but where were they 5 years ago?
R U concerned with the Obama administration listening to American citizens and trump transition and the unmasking for political purposes???
Have u ever voted for a bill with a classified annex that u weren't privy to? #hmmm
You sir have no right to talk about backdoor deals secret little laws secret little deals sit down put the shut to the up
You and Trump need to get closer working together.  You both have the same ideas, you just are coming from slightly different directions.
It is time to have 25th Amendment assessment of POTUS by those who have that responsibility!! Our country's credibility is suffering badly!
It will be interesting to see if the GOP-controlledCongress members will stand up for theUS Constitution or for the neofascist agenda of WH!
Holding Gov Accountable slowly returns to US news outlets, after the 8 year hiatus.
Last 8 yr hiatus is failure of Congress 2 do their job. That is unacceptable for We Ppl.Congress let us down. Still letting us down no Hcare
Not sure Congress made journalists yawn over US Gov misdeeds.

Agree on Healthcare. Last 10y, no usable HC for 40% of US.  Next 10 same.
No on 702! The Obama White House used it for political purposes. We all knew this would happen. Email or call your senators! #No702
This needs to be shut down. Used against citizens. I'm telling my reps/Sen to vote no on renewal. No longer trust my gov.
Round up your 99 playmates and convene to accomplish something, Rand: Senate COULD be more than an angry old white guys' rest home
Get HealthCare&TaxCuts passed
Tired waiting&paying large monthly fees&STOP SanctuaryCities!
Do something2HELP Americans!
@realDonaldTrump
Stupid pic
Valid point - needed this critical point raised during #44s reign
I was about to lay into NBC for hypocrisy but then saw you wrote it. Excellent work and yes FISA needs severe changes or frankly elimination
Are you poking fun or something?Why is congress allowing @POTUS to disgrace our country daily?DO SOMETHING ABOUT THAT LUNATIC!
Who let you out of your basement
1984 INCOMING!
Interesting how they let Barak do it! And now you speak up about it?
Really???  Get over your political divisions and get on board with solutions.
Anyone holding public office should waive their privacy and not complain about being monitored.
Why did Congress allow it for the last 8 years?
They've been asleep at the wheel
Why not? You don’t trust the WH?
