Is your plan going to cover the 20 million or so who will lose coverage? Will it still cover preexisting conditions?
PECs are still covered for 2 years.  Health pools can't discriminate against members with PECs:  https://www.paul.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/ObamacareReplacementActSections.pdf …
so after those two years?
People can join health associations since they'll be legalized, similar to employer group insurance.
Is a health association the same as a purchasing pool?
basically if ur financially secure & healthy coverage will be affordable; poor & sick coverage expensive
I figured these health associations wouldn't be eager to sign up those with PeCs.
Like I said previously, associations couldn't exclude people based on their PECs.
https://www.paul.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/ObamacareReplacementActSections.pdf …
I mean, you don't have to read the whole thing if you don't want to....
Will people under 26 still be allowed to be under their parents' insurance? Will the expansion still be in effect?
Yes.  You should read his plan.  John Oliver did not talk about Rand's plan.  https://www.paul.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/ObamacareReplacementActSections.pdf …
I don't watch John Oliver. Not every person on the left follows the same script
All we've heard come from you is something something "Health Savings Accounts" and that doesn't sound like a plan at all, sir.
what are your ideas on replacing it with?
Nothing, they've got nothing and that's what they will leave everyone with.  Nothing. Nada. Niks.
That's not true, obviously.  https://www.paul.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/ObamacareReplacementActSections.pdf …
there are millions of us citizens on
Obama care!  How can you be so inhuman
@viptandon @Rare  
Backing you 100% Mr Paul keep the heat on these all talk no action Republicans We the people are tired of their nonsense
@CindyKayHogan1 @Rare the dems keep blocking everything Trump is trying to accomplish.remember congress, we can vote u out. 
@Lataine16 @Rare Obama care's funding source is: Penalize people who can't afford it... A recipe for disaster...
I sincerely hope that you follow thru only there is an affordable Plan B for Americans
@Momofonly3 @Rare Yes you should or we will never trust a word you say ever again. Do what we elected you to do!
, cum hoc ergo propter hoc. Elected with that promise not on that promise.  Subtle but important.
actually this is the first I've heard about root and branch
Pes signed bill letting Coal #DUMPWASTE into STREAMS whichcan make people Ill- #Healthcarematters!
@Mike_Beacham @Rare WE THE PEOPLE are counting on it...Rand, you may end up being the only one left, they plan to obstruct

@PeterPeterson95
Amen
@Mike_Beacham @Rare >I don't believe that at all! Everyone I have ask are afraid OF radical Islamic terrorist & illegal Aliens!
and also tax financial donations given to politicians
We need a new speaker and leadership in the House
Man Was pulling for you to be VP.
Perhaps when Trump runs for relection you can get on the ticket.
And a Gowdy AG. would be cool.
@Mike_Beacham @Rare Do It!
@drjanetta Why don't you negotiate with #POTUS ??
You can't trust @JohnCornyn to do anything to help. He's a shill.
@HalleyBorderCol @Rare then do it already, stop playing fucking games and get to work. #WeThePeople demand you earn your salaries.
#Congress needs to investigate 'slush' funds obama was laundering thru DOJ His purpose was bypass Congress for pet organizations
Keep Up The Fight Rand!! May God Continue to Bless You!!
I think you better get it done or 2018 won't look so good for opponents
r Keep after these guys Senator Paul.
135,000 illegals entered from Mex in Jan alone. Cut the welfare budget and most will leave the US. Taxpayers tired of paying
You can't buy auto ins after an accident but the Dems want the health carriers to do just that. That's not how insurance works
no, not to just repeal but replace with something better, better did you get that puppet
.@RandPaul Repealing ACA -- which is working well for our family -- will eliminate one of the few good things congress has done in years.
Do it and you'll get repealed and replaced as well
It's not that u repeal it it's more what u replace it with. Cheaper, better for regular folk. Medication prices in line with World
Thanks for fighting for us! No Ryancare!!!
I don't think you were elected forACA not sure why you were elected
people you need to retweet this as much as you like it
the repeal should be done very quickly, there should be no longer delay
Rand, just let me know what I can do to help.  Ready to go.  Jeff

@RandPaul @Rare
What planet are you on and were you asleep last year?  Hurry cause public opinion ain't with you any more
No, Trump promised full health care coverage for everybody. There is no plan for that. You weren't elected to take away insurance
@LivingstonLD22 @Rare Make American 82% Insured Again! #MA82IA
Let's not forget.
Historically @bdomenech whenever @RandPaul talks tough about @senatemajldr is when McConnell has it in the bag (Drones,Vitter, McDaniel)
Can't you let me be a fan of what's right?
is that @ChrisChristie in this photo?
So, what's the hold up?
- Either that, or pack it in for the mid-terms and all future elections. #PromisesMatter @PeteOlson @JohnCornyn @tedcruz
carry on and repeal & replace the worst piece of legislation ever perpetrated on the American people
keep up the good fight Senator!
C'mon! Repeal that albatross! Complete repeal! Healthcare is not a constitutional right! Get the Feds out of healthcare!
How many Kentuckians will die for your since of honor?
Rand, just do it!
absolutely repeal that way you won't have any gremlins in the closet down the road because it will all be gone
WE AGREE!!!
@MZHemingway @Rare Should note this @SenMajLeader Cc: @SenateGOP
I proudly support trump, however I wish rand won the primaries. Better luck next time. There better b a next time.
better
Children shouldn't pay the price for your bribes #boughtandpaidfor
Fight on, Rand. You guys figure this out and get it done.
@hale4jesus @Rare so handsome!
Thank Senator Paul. I saw the bill the GOP is trying to get said "No".
what a shame, what a disappointment you've turned out to be. Had expected so much more.
lord forbid u change your mind just because it would be better for everyone
you were elected to balance the budget. on the, senator, or  the 
please keep the pressure on to replace Obamacare
Let's see if @tedcruzsenate is for real this time Is in fact for We The People. WE WANT OBAMACARE repealed/replaced
@JohnTNessler @Rare   ABSOL UTELY
So do we, Dr. Paul.
thanks, Senator
First, Do no harm.
If the Freedom Caucus or any other rump GOP group f***s this up, it's on them. TIME TO GET THIS DONE
I think you have no heart, no care for the less fortunate in this country.
@MZHemingway @Rare, please stand firm.
Thank you Rand, I wish they would listen to you
@MZHemingway @Rare May I spritz an extra shot of Roundup on the root?
Typical rich white guy plan. HSA's are useless to the vast majority of Americans needing coverage. Shame on you.
stay strong Rand! KY is with you!
Yeah, but most of them thought ACA was different from Obamacare and you are screwing them over. Of course, you Reps never cared.
You talk about plans to take care of sick, poor people.  That's not health ins.  That's sick insurance.
I HAVEN'T TRUSTED THE GOVER. 4 A LONG TIME. I VOTED 4 PRES. TRUMP CAUSE I BEL. IN HIM. DON'T LET US DOWN.
.@RandPaul Aren't all public officials elected to give us the best possible outcomes regardless of party? That's your duty. And if not...
.@RandPaul ...repealing ACA entirely allows for the best outcome for all Americans, not just the ones that voted for you...
.@RandPaul ...than don't fall into the trap of "we have to" repeal it.
@MZHemingway @Rare never.
make it happen no more talk!!!
The ACA is not Medicaid expansion.   That's just a small portion of it.  It's loaded with protection against insurance co. abuses
@JBaker31826004 @Rare Agreed 100%
The ACA saves lives!
@jwaxsom @Rare if republicans rally together & stop BS probably can get much done . It's now it never . No Excuses
you're sad
@mikefreedomart @marcorubio @SenateMajLdr @SenBillNelson #FullRepeal O'care
party and give up your free healthcare for the good of the country to show you believe in this we will be watching
if you repeal the ava will you sign a pledge to go out and buy healthcare from your own plan along with others from your
I thought about it - I would repeal individual mandate and let the law collapse on its own Media will crucify GOP in 2018
. Yes. Repeal and replace.
absolutely repeal and replace.
not that we should WE MUST REPEAL IT ALL
Okay that nice Give the people the same Ins u have that would solve the problem Unless u think we don't deserve the same as u
. So how do I save for a  HSA when live pay check to pay check.   When they repeal U should lose yours Then U will no how it feels
Oregonians love your repeal and empower approach!
That is what I voted for.  Get it done with something that makes sense. You are bankrupting people.
no you weren't.  You made this up.  You hate America.  You hate your own state where it actually worked.  But go ahead...
The majority of Americans are in favor of retaining Obamacare. Don't condemn Americans to death or bankruptcy. We moved past that.
this man is going to be president some day.
Amen!
barely elected.
but what is your plan to replace it?! You know there are people who depend on it to live now.
Yes, Must Repeal & Replace at same town!
he should be fighting for the people of his state not selling them out
working poor are already savings billions in anticipation of funding their HSA's!!
yes, repeal all of it, replace it at the same time with something that works for all reinstating the parts that were good
we're still waiting for "repuglican" solution.  8 years later and you imbeciles are still empt handed.  Pathetic gas bags. @Rare
People want healthcare & health is a good investment. Healthy people work. Fix it don't repeal it.
Well, ppl changed their minds. So stop it. Or do I have to explain how politicians get their jobs?
To be clear, republicans were elected because Trump was the head of the ticket.
@Kira_Media @Rare We expect Obamacare to be removed from our vocabulary. Get rid of it & give us our healthcare back!
Sure go ahead even if it places millions of Americans in medical peril Anything to wipe out what a black president did @CNN
that's it continue with scorched earth tactics #notmyrepublicanparty #lostyourway
You need to get with @SenatorCollins & Senator Cassidy~combine strengths of both plans co-sponsor. Power in numbers
Yeah that's exactly what we all want. I mean, who really needs healthcare anymore? Just rub some dirt on it.
Oh man, are you saying the US didn't have healthcare before #obamacare?!  @PrestonPrice1 @RandPaul
Keep on fighting for the entire repeal and replace.  Which Congressmen need our push?
there is no reason they can't fix it do it this year and make it effective Jan 2018 talk to ins  co
Great idea! The 400,000 Kentuckians in your state who receive healthcare through the ACA should certainly be left stranded.
Agreed.
I hope @POTUS @realDonaldTrump joins with Rand Great plan & stops waiting on @SpeakerRyan #StandWithRand
how about no, because too many people depend on it.  Throwing them to the wolves is bad policy.
I am a Democrat and I am OK if you do it. But only if you create a system that is better, saves money over the long run...
and oays for the cists already incurred by Obamacare. This isn't ideological, it's a business case. Republicans got us in...
in this mess. Now show us what you got. Because, as you know, "Healthcare is very Complicated"!
Thank you Senator Paul.  Now, don't throw out the baby with the bath water...compromise and get it done!
so back to zero?
So ashamed that you & McConnell are my senators.
Trump promised everyone covg.If you don't deliver wait until 2018.This republican will make sure this is your last majority
I do too Senator! Now's the GOPS chance..Get the Obamacare monster out of here!
love my senator!
you are naive and we are not fools. You will not make healthcare work with your proposal. Insurers will not lower premiums!
then,me hat is taking so long to repeal it!  Not replace it!
your infighting is why a plan doesn't exist after eight years. Quit and compromise.
Republicans were elected to "Make America Great Again". If you think constants care about the "how", you overestimate them
you're damn right you should.
@MikeFreedomArt @Rare Stand strong. That is exactly what we wanted. Govt should not mandate healthcare or be in it at all
Give your cohorts stop watches and take away their calendars. This should be the measuring device. SPEED is the game today!
I'm sure you know as a physician sometimes patients don't always understand what they are asking for. Keep that in mind.
As a former patient, I KNOW I want my Dr back, my plan back, my low deductible back O promised #obamacare @vocalyokel1027 @RandPaul
The resulting deaths will be due to you and yours. Uncaring brute.
total repeal of this sack of crap
behind your repeal/replace PPACA.
why should you care after all, you have great insurance paid for by tax payers, many of whom will lose their insurance. Jerk
If you were the real James Madison, you would be appalled the ACA was even passed in the first place.
I know. It is awful that more people have health insurance. The horror!
Ah, the myth of accessibility. The last refuge of a statist who doesn't understand free markets. Try again pal.
I don't subscribe to the all mighty free market for everything. When u are ill and cannot afford care People should die?
That's a false choice. The best care is a byproduct of people empowered to make their own choices.
high risk people will be dropped or face high premiums they can't afford. Reality, Not a false choice.
people with cancer and other severe illnesses will likely face this situation
not going to happen is it?
I agree! Republicans should be held to that promise!
I think tax reform should go first which will be quicker than Obamacare.
trump was elected because he conned Americans saying he would replace ACA better and cheaper. That is your orders.
.@LibertyCliff represent!
If you had met with your constituents, you might understand that the ACA worked in Kentucky until Bevin.
build the wall, deport illegal immigrants, restore law and order. Death penalty for anyone who kill police officer
Must NOT should!
@catoletters @Rare There's a quaint old thing called the "free market" and it's the best allocator of resources.
dam Cadillac tax Employers want to avoid grrrrr
■REPEAL&REPLACE■ 4those thatNEEDi...as 4me ITdidNADA but UP my premiums, new huge deductible, less coverage & I have PRIVATE INS!!
.@RandPaul, you obviously don't care whether people die. Oh yeah, that's GOP platform. "Don't get sick, if you do, die quickly." GOP = POD.
what's it look like your plan?
wasn't because of that 74% 4 aca or like it want jobs want a life want good educ want afford healthcare ur plan not up to it
Senator Paul why have they not considered you plan? Got to keep the faith and keep the promises!
to many establishment status quo politicians in government and to many people following blindly after them
yes you should
@JoyceBruns MY GOODNESS GIVE THEM TIME IT ISNT LIKE THEY REMOVING SOMETHING LIKE A PIECE OF TRASH OFF FLOOR!
yes! Do it! What is next? We have to put # of guns we have on our taxes? # of vaccines we have in a registry? Kill it!
Absolutely. At least there are a few senators who want to do what they said they would do. So refreshing.
Seems silly to MAKE anyone fight for something without any actual plans
Except he does have a plan.  John Oliver did not talk about Rand's plan.  https://www.congress.gov/115/bills/s222/BILLS-115s222is.pdf …
@POTUS @SenateMajLdr We voted for all you asked for to get this done, house, senate, white house.  Now, live up to your word! DOIT
repeal it and replace it with NOTHING! All that OBAMA care did was give Medicaid to many millions and raise rates
Foolish statement. Get the facts.
When you had a job you got good insurance. now you work and have bad ins 10k deductible. Thanks O
No. Now I have great ins ACA $900.00 deductible. Blame your state
almost all people i meet have $3500 -$10k deductibles not good
Changes area to area. Huge problem. My county not. My premium 23.50 per mo all choices low ded
your not the norm. You are the exception
Not here. Everyone should have affordable ins. Leave it to states and insurers will be failure. Again
Why? Cause you don't give a sh*t about people.  just admit all of you are wrong!
Clueless is thinking just because you have a ticket means you get a spot on the boat=You have ACA & NO DR. will see U!
Damn right!! Too many Americans have insurance and @gop promised to do something about it!
good luck with that
Increasingly sounds like you know you're going to lose this one
