Being right don't pay the bills  Rand & Snowe need 2START w passing #CassidyGraham & then b able 2continue workng toward free market reforms
Bingo
Politics is not about perfection, but making things better
Paul, Snowe, and McCain are voting for Obamacare Now and Forever
That's something losers say. Your logic is why Dems continually shift the fundamentals and reps let them keep it with "compromise" sellouts.
Wrong 
Dem compromises are always steps to the Left
This is a step to the Right

The Right should be smart enough to take it
Then another
Which further backs my point, you cave in with this half-assed bill and we officially adopt socialist policies as a GOP platform. Left wins.
And you'd have Obamacare Now and Forever
Who wins then?
Let the ACA fail, don't sell out in the short-term for the establishment's "fix". Save the political capital, alienate RINO's for 2018 oust.
"Fail today, win tomorrow" has been a conservative mantra for a century
How did that work out?

You don't have power over him. He wasn't a fan of Trump and still won reelection because he's consistent & ballsy unlike Trump's ilke.
He won the election because we didn't consider him a traitor as of then but he is done very soon
Once you go Paul, you never go back. Good luck trying to overthrow consistently principled @RandPaul with your dwindling, populist base.
You are again mistakenly confusing the Democratic base , you know the ones with no young base to carry on
I find it ironic you're bashing Democrats while you're also trying to diminish resentment against politicians controlling healthcare.
Says you , once again a liberal trying his best to place words in someone else mouth
U will give Dems a reason to say "they tried our way" in the future & push single-payer if u go for this socialist- compromise. Wait it out.
Paul needs to explain why he voted for Skinny repeal. My guess is Paul plays both sides. I think Paul's in McConnell's pocket.
Wow, look at that, took me less time than it did to compose this tweet. You sellout.

http://thehill.com 
Wouldn't this bill set the course 4 a repeal? Next comes tax reform. After 2018 when Trump gets more Repub senators in, go for full repeal?
No, what gives you that idea? 2018- Do u want more Reps like the one's he's backing now (Graham)? I thought we were draining, not filling.
You need 60 votes for a full repeal, unless they change the rules Trump needs a couple more repubs in there, i.e., Roy Moore.
They're trying to alienate the anti-establishment voices to preserve the "GOP\DNC" pillow fight. They're coming together to fight change.
I agree 100%. Ok, thanks, brother. Tough fight indeed. I feel bad for those ppl paying crazy premiums.
We must continue fighting 4 free-markets, because the outcome will be massive-competition in health services and goods. Prices will plummet.
Irrelevant. If we had Graham bill, you could work toward free market. Obamacare repeal is DEAD. Now its single payer.
Try pulling your head out of your ass. Its this or nothing. Pass this and THEN work for free markets. If this fails, Obamacare stays. Period
It makes perfect sense because if the R's can't repeal now we're going single payer.  Once there you're stuck with it. Wake up.
. OK then maybe "Rand" can pay my Obamacare premiums.
I WILL BE FINED $2500 BECAUSE OF RAND PAUL!
I believe in Rand Paul too but by the time he gets an amendment passed Democrats will have control. Time is now.
Meh. Judge Nap also said on several occasions, most recently back in May, that "Hillary WILL be indicted for espionage." #hillaryherpes
I bet you're a diehard Trump sycophant, huh?
I love the judge but he is so wrong on this.
Your flip flopping a little lately judge..... 
Thank you for standing up to freedom and liberty!
Yawn. Its a meaningless "stand". He may as well lecture to an empty room.
And thank you David for giving up completely! So brave of you
BIG SURPRISE BUT #WeThePeople ARE SICK OF FEDERAL GOVERNMENT "SO CALLED HEALTH CARE?" THE SWAMP IS BEING DRAINED! #MAGA @realDonaldTrump
Not if you're backing what Trump's backing, because he's selling you guys government run healthcare.
"There is a level of cowardice lower than that of the conformist: the fashionable non-conformist." - Ayn Rand
I'm sure you are right, but right ain't ever gonna happen. You've got two options: all wrong or less wrong. It's a binary choice.
That's something a quitter says.
#FullRepeal the only way, the judge is right, as he very often is!
And understand shit for brains, the Age of Republicans..is done. We the people Have HAD Enough of You..
#Full #RepealACA @IP4PI @AAPSonline 

Get #Government out of #Medicine!
. @Judgenap explains why @RandPaul, not the establishment, is right on health care! 
And what does @Judgenap know about running a country?  NIL!!!!
Judge Nap is a great Constitutionalist, & so is Rand. ACA is not constitutional. Break it down by pieces. Fix it as we go. Take a first down
#standwithPresidentTrump 
#StandwithRandPaul
Congress, DO YOUR JOB! Repeal Obamacare
@realDonaldTrump
“@YALiberty: . @Judgenap explains why @RandPaul, not the establishment, is right on health care! ”@realDonaldTrump 
Sure... be "right" all the way to losing the Senate and ushering in true socialized medicine. But hey maybe that was your plan all along.
It's called #subsidiarity
#Obamacare is philosophically and economically wrong.  At MOST, healthcare should be handled by the states.
Rand Paul wants to take everything from poor folks he is only thinking about himself - he is just like #45

You guys are confusing healthcare and health insurance.
Thank YOU!  Where is the reform? If this is so good, why doesn't Congress forego their luxury plan and adopt this as THEIR insurance?
Yea cause it's done so well wit Medicare/Medicaid?Oh An how bout going broke Social Security?Fed Govt doing a GREAT JOB Wit things,NOT
RandPaul is prob right but Omg if 1took away what 1 has already been given we're talkn Civil War. I wish I was given something once n awhile
Rand Paul voted FOR the skinny bill but not a bill that returns powers from feds to states.
By the way!  Make sure the Congress and Senate have the same coverage they are trying to give the American people.
Let them have Graham-Cassidy bill, but no subsidies from Federal govt.  States have responsibility to maintain budget.

Nice try but nobody's buying into the establishment trolls attempting to defame a man of principles.
The judge is a Libertarian cut from the same cloth as the Pauls
Politicians play with our healthcare,  while we are paying hundreds more every year!!
@PressSec  Without controlling cost of medical treatment, cannot control insurance premiums without subsidies as both are tied 2 each other.
@PressSec Insurance isn't medical treatment, just a way 2 pay 4 it. While medical treatment may be right of every American, insurance isn't.
Judge you should stay with legal issues and stay out of this because universal healthcare is the end game. Fix the basic root problem first.
Yes you are both correct but you will never get enough votes for full repeal, GOP is awful and single payer is on the way. No win situation
Your own president said live on 20/20 that he was for a single payer healthcare system.  It was #FakeNews because it was another red LIE.
You can thank that sellout in office for that. Don't blame the guy whoms holding up the simple promises that he made. Makes u unprincipled.
If our elected officials wanted Obama care fixed repealed or replaced they would do so..actions speak louder than words
Judge Nap made good point! GOV should not have access to your personal medical records or be able to influence your healthcare choices!
Citizens can manage their money better than GOV!Most people need & can only afford catastrophic health INSURANCE not GOV-MANAGED HEALTHCARE!
ANGRY that GOV can MANDATE purchasing ins that you can't afford or use.When ins payment is more than mortgage, NOTHING LEFT for healthcare!
THANK YOU JUDGE FOR YOUR TRUTHFULNESS! YOUR MOM RAISED YOU RIGHT AND HONEST! LOVE FROM TEXAS!
Wasn't ACA originally a right-wing idea?
Please vote "NO" on the Graham-Cassidy bill.  It does not serve the  majority of Americans and hurts those who need healthcare most.  
#Obamacare Sadly, John Roberts could have prevented this mess & followed the constitution. I'm still scratching my head over that vote.
I like your no compromise position but how long will it take for you to get the votes to REPEAL ACA 100% ? 1, 2, 4, 6, 8, 10 years or more ?
If repubs endorse O care in any way it NEVER goes away
I understand & I agree. But it takes votes.
Right now the Repubs don't have the votes, so it stays as Federal law.
I am open to suggestions
7 years we heard the answer.
McCain made it his re-election platform but now Songbird is pitch-hitting for Hilry ! Seems the RINO's have proven they are just that RINO !
@realDonaldTrump there's always a better option
Are you going to keep horrible Obama care?

I know Rand Paul and I think he may find a way to get there for the good of the Party!
Federal government doesn't belong in Health care!
#VoteNOGrahamCassidy
Another point: International bodies want USA to adopt "Codex Alimentarius" where we'd need Dr.'s Prescription for VITAMINS & HERBS!
The answer is give everybody Medicaid it's free
Who's going to pay for it?!?
You are killing small business owners like me by propping up Obamacare vote for Graham Cassidy #helpsmallbusiness
You don't know what you're advocating for. We didn't elect Trump for a watered down ACA. Now grow a pair and stick to principles.
Trump says he will get Rand Paul to change his vote on healthcare (like he did last time).   Kinda sounds like Trump owns Rand Paul
Trump trying to bully you ....hope your man Enough to stand up to him
Americans are with you, Senator Paul. Don’t let Trump bully you. #NoGrahamCassidy
Thank you for saying 'No' to this inhumane bill! #bipartisanfix #fixit #lovemyACA
'Free Market' is the answer--says the village idiot to the millions of helplessly under & uninsured.

So Y did Paul vote on Skinny repeal but not this version of repeal which is much better! Paul plays both sides. Totally inconsistent. Xposed
Tell us how this is better.
WELL SAID GENTLEMEN!
I strongly agree w the Judge, everything that could be wrong w the law IS wrongfor all the wrong reasons, no Independence from the Gov't.
I just want you to do your job. Get Obamacare repealed. Do Amendments. Fix the bill and get it passed by Sept 30th don’t fail us again.
I thank you for your Principles @RandPaul but this is our last chance.  please dont give the Democrats the upper hand here.  PLEASE.
Its extortion if you cant afford to use it.
You have to realize even if it's a repeal in name only it's vitally important to get the ball rolling on this, people need hope of change
It was wrong to force people to buy health care.
It just gave insurance companies power to screw it all up.
I agree, the federal government should get out of health care.
Give the people the Senate and congress plan...that simple!
If congress and senate don't want it, we don't either!
Great, an uninformed lynch mob. 
Do some research, this Rinocare is a shell game, sucks as almost as bad as Ocare
4) California passing law to spend millions to fight deportation ,millions to help illegalslive here and millions to send illegals tocollege
Judge Nap wake up look around We R the Greatest Country in the world but we can't provide the security of  HC TO OUR PEOPLE! #SAVE THE ACA
But the ACA dosent work for working people
Paying for shit you cant afford to use is extortion
Rand, work with @realDonaldTrump, show the country the party can get things done, even if just baby steps.  Conservatives will gain seats!
3) where do you think they are going to get the money . From other states. 600 a month for one in pa while 49 dollars a month for 4 in ny,ca
Why are American taxpayers obligated to pay for healthcare for federal government employees? Not sure where that obligation comes from.
2) Single payer according to Forbes states ny would have to raise tax revenue 3-4 times . They would have done it they can't afford it .
Total repeal has a 'snowballs chance in hell'. This is a good first step and beats leaving the ACA in tact.
Judge napolitano knows law not healthcare. We didnt voted for single payer.
Sorry judge we all have opinions, I disagree with you on this one. Rand really needs to support this proposal.
Open market across all states for insurance means much lower costs because of competition. This is what made America Great, & can once again
We don't need or want a federal government health care. Just more power control over us by our federal government. Time 2 get out. Free U.S.
Thank you Judge. You are a very wise man. People should realize the control Obama wanted over the people. Now's time 2 get out. Repeal OCare
What's the difference from the last replacement you voted for and this one which brings it to the states?
Judge Nap said it like it should be. Fed GOV get out of health care. Quit controlling us. Back to state control, mainly open market across.
Americans know our GOV has way too much control over us. We're supposed 2 be controlling the GOV. They are supposed 2 serve us. It's time.
Thank you for not voting for this. Trump promised much much better Medical care. We will love it. This is definitely not it. We want HIS INS
tRump says you're going to vote YES on the horrible Graham-Cassidy bill. Please, senator, don't cave to his bullshit & threats! WE BEG YOU!
It should pass if it saves ONE baby thru defunding, even for a year!!!  
That's how you get shitty legislation. Selling out on your principles for scraps. That's cowardly.

Unfortunately you are also standing with @SenJohnMcCain & ObamaCare.
Unfortunately right does not get you anywhere in DC
The Dems are rooting for you and the conservatives are mad at you.  The left will never give up obamacare-times running out to repeal it.
Judge is jyst another fox news propagandist
Try compromising @RandPaul for once in your life! Its either #GrahamCassidy or #Obamacare. One of them is collapsing BTW
Easy decision....
Thats nice. So all or nothing once again gets us nothing.
You never get the perfect bill. Make amnendments. You must vote yes.
You own it Rand you own this Obamacare failure now

Check out this poor guy's monthly premium skyrocket under #Obamacare 

We have a chance to rid ourselves of this horror…
I agree. So we're still screwed since RINOS won't do the right thing! Fix it or we're done! @VP @SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP @realDonaldTrump
please outline what congress CAN do to 1. Repeal ACA 2. Cant you offer a Bill? 3. What would it entail in general if you did?
Freedom!
45 % of Americans have one choice. Please please help us. Ocare is destroying medicine.
The problem is we need this to pass or we're headed toward a single payer, please help us. I see so many Middle Americans with no insurance
I have agreed with you but I really need to drop my insurance without paying a penalty.  Please reconsider and vote for it.
I thought one of Trump's 1st exec orders was to minimize the financial cost of #Obamacare, including not making people pay the fine.
Yes, but the congress and senate broke their promise to the American people! No surprise there!
What I was saying is that Trump isn't going to enforce the penalty. If Obama could refuse to enforce immigration law, then Trump can do rhat
How far the Republicans have fallen.....

#StandWithRand
Rand Paul right - man of integrity. NO compromise with lying @GOP else OBCare's socialist destruction here FOREVER. @POTUS
Our politicians do not understand compromise today.  Revenge is their game.  Math skills are lacking.
@sbsun
@AJEnglish
@EconomicTimes
@XHNews
@PressTV
@RT_com
@RealAlexJones
@DRUDGE
@wikileaks
@SpeakerRyan 
@SenateMajLdr
@TulsiGabbard
@RepThomasMassie
@RonPaul 
@realDonaldTrump
The government does have the obligation to either break up the medical monopoly or regulate it or help people who can't pay extortion
I used to respect your principle, now it's just an impediment
You're like Kasich, don't know when it's time to fold
Right! Let the RINOs claim victory and not do anything. Repeal is repeal.
Repeal it already. Wtf!!
No Sen. Paul there are times you support your President because it is the right thing to do for America. U R a charlatan. Repeal obamacare.
"It is seldom that liberty of any kind is lost all at once" David Hume
Repeal Do NOT Replace #Obamacare Get big government out of our business.
This is not a repeal... @CongressmanHice @realDonaldTrump
@realDonaldTrump Rand & Judge are correct. Get 1 page bill that says FULL REPEAL OF ACA!! DONE!!!Then pass 1 pg bills that open up free mkt
100 percent correct!
@realDonaldTrump FULL REPEAL!! Then pass 1 page bills that will open up free market to work as it should! We already have Medicare/Medicaid
The judge isn't the sharpest knife in the drawer on a lot of issues....
Please @RandPaul ..please vote for Graham/Cassidy for WE the people. Middle class America struggling to keep up. Save us from Socialism..
Why don't you demand a real repeal instead of settling for this Graham BS bill
They are running out of time.I would rather give health care back to the states.Repeal. This is our last chance.. Legislation or Socialism.
Not a hard choice.
We have got to repeal Obamacare. We should NEVER have government controlled healthcare. It gives government too much power #WeThePeople
You're not doing any of that with Graham- Cassidy, you're also letti g Republicans own the mess of government run care. Horrible plan.
Right on!!!
What do you people switch sides for attention?

Check out this poor guy's monthly premium skyrocket under #Obamacare 

We have a chance to rid ourselves of this horror…
#StandWithRand...  He is the truth Constitution man Rand THXU  ....
FINALLY!
Believe it or not, the free market DOES regulate itself very well. That's why the founders paired it w democracy. Ur dollar's are ur votes.
Rand voted yes with the skinny repeal.  This plan is better, and now a no vote.
You have till end of month, get something done!!! If it needs to be in steps, get going on steps BEFORE we end up with single payer 
Anything is better than Ocare....Rand you suck...
In the old days, people died because they couldn't afford a doctor. Nowadays Medical costs have skyrocketed. #middleclass #wholistic #angry
I cant afford it now
The crap i got from aca i couldn't afford to use?
Crack heads have better then the shit we were forced to buy
Well wonderful!  That's great...
Sorry Judge, you are wrong. We need to do what we can now. Later completely destroy Obamacare.
No
Rand Paul is committing political suicide.
The #GOP today: @RandPaul is against the bill cuz he wants complete repeal while @SenJohnMcCain is against because he wants to fix Obamacare
I like Rand Paul but start with this than move to improve it better than obama care
I like Rand Paul but start with this bill than move to improve it
#GrahamCassidy
No.
#SinglePayer
Winner, winner: dinner (like civilized nations).
#Obamacare = #ACA § 1312.
 history notes your positions.
General! Not physical, mental, or recreational!
No, @pir8heart.
(See infra.)
 Constitution:
Intentionally placed ambiguous terms for posterity (i.e., for all future  generations).
Damn, you got me! Well in that case, make it say whatever you want!
Hi, @pir8heart.
Words: Their meaning defines policy.
Just like the  Framers did when first they wrote the Constitution (for posterity).
Human liberty IS a right or, at least, it is in the USA. I'd be curious to know what your definition of liberty is.
(1)
Hi, @pir8heart.
Here is a definition:
Liberty:
Free from an authority's imposed oppression on one's life, behavior, or political views.
(2)
And here's an example of that, O, so cherished & discussed notion of  "liberty," @pir8heart.
None of these senators ever explain any bills ever never ever what the f*** R you afraid of really I read Graham bill did you nope it's good
I don't!  Giving the States more control is a great step forward.  Rand needs to reconsider, support the bill, and improve it. 
Our lives are more important than pathetic republican ideology!
Continuation of care saves lives!
Capitalism has no place in healthcare ever
Capitalism isn't the problem, cronyism is. Other nations have terrible slow, low-tech free healthcare
Funny how no one ever reads the bills ever I read it today it was pretty awesome
Right On Judge Nap ! No Illegal Taxes on health care !!! Send it back to the States great idea! @POTUS  It's all about the unfair TAX!
And so much more
You are both asses.  No question about it
Want repeal/replace not just any piece of paper w no changes.
Huge mistake.
Exactly correct! Thank you Judge.
I also want a real repeal. But if you don't act now to PASS the latest bill... it will NEVER get done. O'care forever. @POTUS @SecPriceMD
Too bad majority of Americans and plurality of Republican voters want single payer
No we don't, single payer sucks
Didn't know you spoke for all Americans. Look at the polls.
I support single payer. A world where everyone can afford to pay by themself, single.
Obamacare...untouched...shame @RandPaul .  One supporter in Middlesboro, KY says change your mind,  trade you vote for some fixes.
@JudgeNap,@RandPaul, a compromise, Mandate to States and repeal. States apply for funding by providing individual budgets and proof of need.
At later date. That way no Stae gets money till they do do diligence and present numbers to congress for approval.
I agree with this. Bigly.
Than come up with a plan to replace it.  You've had 7 years!!!!! What are you waiting for.
My mothers ER drs didn't have current records of my moms condition. We need ONE recordkeepeer. Not insurance co's, not pharma. Who? The govt
spoiler: it's because he's afraid to say he actually doesn't want to repeal obamacare
so if he does have a better fix, he cant get it passed! No working together in the Congress Swamp!
You'll end up standing with single payer and a minority in House and Senate. Can't wait.
Great, an uninformed TrumpTard. 
Do some research, this Rinocare is a shell game, sucks as almost as bad as Ocare
Take Notes, @JuddLegum.
But apparently and OBVIOUSLY #JuddLegum has more Intellectual Energy and Certitude than I. You can trust that guy.
No he wouldn't because it is a TAX not healthcare Chief Justice Roberts stated it was a tax when it went there to be determined
The answer is the free market! Yes! I support you @Judgenap and @RandPaul!
I agree with Rand but he has to vote yes on this bill otherwise we will become singer payer
Perfect is the enemy of good. If GOP doesn't move forward the middle class taxpayers will be left holding the bag. Forget retirement savings
