What I'm most concerned about though is the Attorney General's actions yesterday to push forward with federal asset forfeiture.
Asset forfeiture is an unconstitutional  taking of property without trial. It's wrong and I call on the AG and the Adminsitraion to stop.
@POTUS Please stop Asset Forfeiture, it is unconstitutional!
The investigation is about the campaign. Sessions was a major figure in said campaign. Absolutely needed to recuse himself for unbiased rslt
Right off the bat he recused himself. Not even a few days into his appointment & I said .
Traitors
Yes Yes Yes. First admit he shouldn't have done it publically, then see what happens with Kushner, @DonaldJTrumpJr & Maniford in hearing.
It was due to his early and integral involvement in the campaign not "incidental contacts" you idiot.
Is this a heads up that we r getting a new AG?  I vote for Trey Gowdy.  Otherwise, why raise this issue?
Are you sure they were incidental? Maybe Sessions knows more about the meetings than you do.
Quit sucking up- you lose any credibility you may have had on any other issue. Sessions had to recuse.
They bought and sold your ass. Did you get a good price? Traitor
Awww, @RandPaul is trying to get back into Donny's good graces after blowing off the dinner and being referred to as one of the "bad people"
He could have stopped the charade  time/money lost that over shadow all the progress #POTUS has made Continued the negative attacks #Enough
Jeff sessions should resign he made a bad decision when he recused himself bad bad
There you go sucking up again.
Have you forgot that Sessions lied about the contacts???
he recused himself for failure to disclose those contacts, not for the contacts themselves
But that part about lying to Congress under oath? Who cares!
Do you even know what PERJURY is?? Also if that had been Hillary you would be foaming at the mouth to impeach. You are such a Tratior!
Agree, WTH is wrong with this administration. They think they are above the law! #yourenot
#ImpeachTrump
"reported incidental". You're a joke. Get on your libertarian unicorn and fly it off a cliff. Should be fine.
Thank you for tweeting more proof Repubs have no ethics.
I'm with you on that we need to do something hate to think future might hold Venezuela type action to back our Pres Trump
Remember when Sessions lied during his confirmation meeting Rand?  We do!  Traitor.
have heard he also recused himself from clinton email
if so he should resign, he cannot be effective AG with such recusals
Is that verified and accurate? The Clinton Emails too?
yup here it is from the washington post
Nonsensical behavior from such a heralded attorney. I can certainly understand @POTUS dismay.  #Sad #TrumpTrain #DixieCupNation #MAGA
sessions needs to recuse one more time and step down from AG
I have 2 agree & I am dumbfounded that his from the start support of @POTUS ended up like this. If he steps down what then 4-5 mths 4 USAG?
Sessions can deny his own recusal 
but I have to question his loyalty to trump for him to make the recusals initially
I doubt that he will.
I should clarify that isnt just loyalty to trump the man,  but the agenda of the republican convention to the will of the vothers
Jeff Sessions never should have been confirmed by the Senate
How can ANY Vet support Obama? Coo coo.
How can any rational, competent, person even remotely support Trump. Also, Rand Paul has lost all credibility. He's a disgrace!
I am a PROUD supporter of TRUMP 
Not something to brag about!
Oh but I am  thank you
Shameless...
U are I know for not supporting Trump
U would agree if he told u to BEND OVER!
Thank you, Senator Paul.
Just like the conservatives in 1930s Germany. All collaborators
what abt the Communists of the 20's that fucked up Germany that led ... http://tmi.me/1fjd2Y 
Would you rather it handed to the radical Muslims? There is more evidence of that than Russia
Thank you for your service!  And I agree, anyone who doesn't believe there is collusion is trying hard to not see it
He didn't recused himself because incidental contact, he recused himself because he knew he couldn't be bias, and he omitted his contact.
We wouldn't have this problem if you hadn't voted for him to begin with. You knew all along what he's capable of, voted for him anyway.
 he should not have lied on his security clearance form. Our politicians are not about the standard we have for our military.
Do the other senators shove you in your locker? They should.
Resign you're a traitor
It wasn't the contacts.  It was his failure to disclose.  The ethical rules of lawyers are stricter than that of Eye Doctors.
I know that you guys in the senate are having a rough time right now & I wish you all the best but do what's in best interest of Americans
Seriously. How can you say that ? Sessions lied under oath about Russian meetings. You are like all Republicans. You are spineless.
Makes one wonder what Deep State threats were made to scare off Sessions. 
Which is why you are not a member of any ethics committee. You know diddly-squat about ethics, clearly.
@jeffsession you can unrecuse your self and make this Right....
Wait wait wait. He lied on his forms and under oath. Aren't you the guy that is worried about a tyrannical federal govt above the law?
Oh wait, you're a fraud. I forgot.
Considering that he lied about it under oath, he should never have been confirmed.
Wow, Rand Paul is going to tackle an ethics query...yea, this guy.
He recused himself because he was part of the Trump Campaign being investigated. It isn’t because of Russian contact. Being part of the campaign would be a conflict of interest. As an attorney, he is compelled to recuse when a conflict may exist. If not he could be disbarred.
I am still trying to figure out why SP was appointed anyway with NO evidence to investigate? Only pure speculation! No appointment w/o proof
Preet Bharara needs investigating  for his ties to the Muslim Brotherhood.
Wow, your really not too sharp, are you?
1) Preet comes from Sikh & Hindu parentage
2) He doesn't work for the Govt
Treason Senator. I know it....& #IC & #5eyes know it. & are .

ALERT 

MISSOURI SENATOR CALL FOR ASSASSINATION 

…
Jeff Sessions is a decent man who recused himself prematurely. He has the ability and should UN-recuse himself.
#FoxAndFriends
He recused himself because he is required to by law. Turn off Fox News and educate yourself.
Sessions was not required by law. Turn off Maddow and educate yourself beyond the squawk of the circus.
Rules of DOJ require it! So you wanted a new AG to ignore rules like the last two did? Perhaps should show more concern about Rosemstein!
What @jeffsessions should have done is resigned for having lied under oath while being vetted for the office in the first place.
What do we call it when our politicians have open dialogue with politicians from other countries?? Oh that's right, it's called DIPLOMACY!!
They weren't in idental and you well know it.
Unlike Rand Paul's legacy. Incidental I mean.
Yeah, what's with my auto correct lately? Weird doesn't cover it.
We got you...
We all out here knew that from day one. What took you so long to figure that out?
Like pretty much all Republicans, Senator Paul places party before country.  Always.
So what can he do about it Senator, unrecuse??
"his attorney general"? The attorney general's loyalty must be to the Constitution, not to the POTUS. We are still a country of laws.
He didn't report them, didn't tell the Senate committee while under oath. That's lying and perjury.
So disavow the recuse or get out. Act like a man or get out.
That's the problem with Republicans, they think they've got to be fair, transparent, and above board on everything. The Dems don't, hardball
You mean when he committed perjury?
Pass healthcare
Why are you enabling this man, where is your oath to the United States Constitution, in the dumpster..
But Ran, Sessions reused himself because of other Russian contacts he had and still didn't report. Get it?
Amen
It is my understanding that a Justice Dept directive required Jeff Sessions to recuse himself because he had been active in campaign.
'Incidental contacts'. BS.
Try reading the law, we know you  lack ethics.
Why in God's name? He was involved? He met w/ the Russians!
AG Sessions needs to retract his recusal. If anyone needs to recuse himself,  it is Mueller.
Well, he did -
I always thought @RandPaul was different and then I get proven wrong, power corrupts all
especially to Al Franken!!! He put shackles on his ankles. #DOJ
Exactly.  He recused himself over lies! Fake news. Doesn't he know better.
I agree he shouldnt have
That's not why, It's because the investigation was regarding collusion of the Trump campaign (which he was part of) with Russia. Conflict OI
He didn't recuse himself because he had incidental contacts -- he recused himself because he LIED ABOUT IT
Some people travel.in decrption so much they dont know how to deal with truth tellers.
You lost me at "I agree with Donald Trump"
don't do this
Too late now so why even talk about it?  Can't change it.
Agreed!  Nothing but a witch hunt. Please make sure Obummercare is 100% repealed! Leave nothing so it cannot be brought to life.
WRONG - you are a vial GOP & I can't believe KY voted for you
Might want to refresh your browser and read some MSM. #lyingAG
Um. You should read the news from the last week bro.
If Sessions did NOT recuse after "omitting" several Russian mtgs & lying to Congress,  Bar association would disbar him for breach of DRE's
I agree, however I still believe he is loyal to the Pres. And I also think he is and will be the best Attorney General ever,  and is now.
When you say 'I agree with @realDonaldTrump', everyone stops listening.

Yes, but he did it before being appointed. Unfortunate
You understand that every traitor involved in this is going to hang, right?
We can only hope! The gloves need to come off now when dealing with Putin: fully expose him for the horrendous, murdering crook that he is!
Are you living under a rock?  On the Sessions thing ...
Will you agree with Trump after he pardons members of his cabinet and family? Why does this investigation scare the house and senate?
Need chap stick?
hope you get charged with obstruction.
Define incidental, please I have a feeling that ur definition is different from Webster's
That's the problem Rand, they weren't reported. He lied about it.
Shame on you Senator. You know the AG wouldn't have done so if he didn't have good reason.
Everyday Sen Paul, you lose more credibility with the American people. Who are you working for, an illegitimate president or Americans?
Because then he'd be able to cover easier for the #TrumpTreason family...
The whole Admin and @gop is compromised. 
#Treason #TrumpRussia
Now we know they weren't "incidental contacts" w/the Russians. Sessions knew he had to recuse himself! Urgh, that waspainful to write..
You're forgetting that he testified under oath that he had no contacts.
Very good arguments for and agaisnt...Seessions....only I didn't want him to be AG to begin with.Pres Trump should hve gone with Cruz

Mueller needs to go. BIG conflict of interest and we thepeople know it!
Now let's have Congress FIRE Mueller NOW ! ... our Money /Taxes should not pay to investigate @POTUS  personally period ! ... #MAGA 
Another judicially and morally bankrupt opinion in our government.  Yawn. #CrookedDonald #fail #alternativefacts #democracy
They weren't just reported they were admitted to. He lied. Why is that not a problem for you?
Still didn't know it was illegal to talk to a Russian.
It is if you lie about it to Congress. For a smart guy sessions sure can't remember much can he?
Agree 100%,,
Yeah Rand, pretty incidental. Go drink some tea
Paul Rand...really? Fake45
@DonaldJTrumpJr @realDonaldTrump Good to see Crazy Curly Mae aka @RandPaul  has your back, Comrade! #itmfa #flightrisk
So proud I never voted for you when I was a resident of the Commonwealth
"reported" --> FALSE
"incidental --> FALSE
We know you are compromised and a Russian asset, Senator.
Try working with him on Health Care!
@RandPaul Do more than talk! Work w @SenMikeLee @tedcruz etc 4 Free Market Healthcare Solution! No K St Pork! @POTUS @SenateMajLdr Worthless
Bigot shouldn't be AG - but with affirmed nazis and racists in the White House and a repugnantcan Congress that puts self first, it happened
It wasn't incidental he failed to tell anybody if they don't find out he would not have ever reported it he lied WTF come on Paul
@DonaldJTrumpJr @realDonaldTrump but how can he investigate the campaign when he was part of the campaign?
Please take a cane to your cohorts and get this damned medical bill done.
#TrumpCrimeFamily #TraitorGOP #TraitorTrump #TraitorRyan #PutinsPuppet
Sessions is a Patriot And a loyalist.POTUS Is a loyalist As well.If AG steps Down Would Not leave WH POTUS Will find something else forHim
Another aggrieved elitist white dude unhappy he doesn't rule the world. Nothing worse than silver spoon economics & morality. POS
why are you making this statement NOW? Trump plays his administration against one another...Creepy! Creep!
If it's incidental why lie about. When did u b/c a lapdog for Russia. This is bullshit that u wld be ok with any of this shit.
Senator, Sessions lied on his forms, and lied to Congress. Why are tou condoning this behavior?
But he did...Now get on with the business at hand and get Healthcare and Tax reform done..
Unless you were there Senator, you have no basis upon which to assert anything Trump/Russia was/is incidental. #takeofftheblinders
He lied, under oath, about contacts with Russians.....Hell yes he should have recused himself, he should have been forced to resign.
If it had been a Democrat you would have been one of the loudest voices SCREAMING for it.  If you say otherwise, you're a liar.
Should not have bowed down to lib dems - disgusting
....Please just unrecuse.....why not ???
you say incidental, we say treason
KK Klan wants to become valid as a political faction! Racists & Bigots want a voice to confront a Constitutional America! PLS Fight Back!
Everyone's favorite libertarian: no morals, no soul, no spine, no problem!
Putin lover.
Senator Rand Paul -- no one takes you seriously any more.  No one cares who or what you agree with.  You are on your way out.
... which is one of the reasons why I'll never again write your name on a Presidential Ballot
You ppl really have to get your rules of obstruction straight.
That's great!! Now how about getting on board repeal like u said & let markets & states fix health care so my son can go to the dr's.
And you should support his Health care bill and the others should to, we the ppl elected you all to do just that, Next election vote changes
Party before country! You're a hell of a guy.
Gowdy disagrees  He is a fabulous law man
Maybe the meetings weren't "incidental"
He didn't. He recused himself because he was part of the campaign that is under investigation. Try harder.
I agree! Can he now un recuse himself now.
Bruh- cmon. You can't be serious here? Save yourself. He'd toss you under the bus in a heartbeat. Why are you hellbent on defending him?
Only 24 hours, and that "incidental" line is really not aging well
Your still living in your in your daddy's shadow eh! Little fella . Trying to talk big but only at the expense of middle class , #asshat
Agree
How far do you stick your nose up, when you brown nose? You're boys is going down! Wish there's  a crime they can get you on too, complicit!
He needs to resign
Yes, incidental …
you both lost your nuts in a poker game.
If his meeting with Kislyak was in the course of his Armed Svcs Committee duties, why did he pay for the trip out of campaign funds?
That's a great question....
So I guess you're ok with him trashing him on Twitter like a child?
Please retain a bit of dignity. Wipe your chin, get off your knees and tell Trump "no means no" sad
Really? So sick of partisan mindset. @POTUS is likely involved in criminal activity. He's not fit nor does he respect office or democracy.
I think @RandPaul doesn't support repealing Obamacare because his hairstyle looks like 80's porno bush
Why not?
Yes this true let him put all his efforts on hanging hillary
@AprilDRyan @realDonaldTrump. You don't know anything. As with all of you guys, Sessions is making decisions to protect himself.
So many rich old men with failing memories they can't keep them straight! Dementia!
Plus all the conflicts of interest with muller should be looked into...
How about voting for the New AHCA for us
What an ill-informed statement, especially in light of the WaPo story released on Friday. #FakePresident #RussiaGate #Russiaprobe
If you believe this, Rand, then your head is in the sand.
You a tool, boy
The AG had to recuse himself because he lied under oath. You either agree with the laws or you agree with @realDonaldTrump
It was a stupid move on AG Sessions part but still love him as well @potus @realDonaldTrump #MAGA #MASA #TrumpTrain #LockHerUp #BuildTheWall
JESSICA RIOS: I'M A PROUD SUPPORTER OF HITLER
Are the Dems in power ?
Did someone hack into ur phone!? C'mon now stop playing......hahaha..cuz thats a dumb thing to say. No, really.
Buttering 45.
Now you agree, not very smart Rand.
stop agreeing with @realDonaldTrump. It makes you look pitiful. He is not a lover of liberty and @jeffsessions did the right thing
Darn Sessions for having at least some integrity instead of being a lackey!
"Incidental"?  Are you high?  Glad I'm not in Kentucky. #GOPlovesRussia
Trying to change the subject of your treason
I understand why AG did this . But he shouldn't of this administration isn't quilty and corrupt like HRC ! So unrecuse yourself AG sessions
