Neither should access to basic health care as a human right.
Agree, but stay on task
Stay on task as in take health care away from 32M before you stop police from seizing property from innocent people?
If u truly believe in less Gov control don't be mislead on Bail Reform! It will increase Gov spending, crime, & taxes!
Our whole system needs a reboot, the jail system needs reorganized to house real criminals. 3yrs 4a backpack! 
Wow I can agree w you on something. But, at least those in prison have med care. Your taking ours away. Shame on you
To closeted leftist .@randpaul, high bail needed 2 stop violent/dangerous suspects from threatening victim/witnesses, & fleeing justice.
.@RandPaul This is seriously the last thing I care about right now. Republicans need to focus on Obamacare repeal & Tax cuts NO distractions
You're being mislead about Bail Reform! It's failing in New Jersey! Bail reform will increase crime & cost taxpayers $$!


Didn't u go along with Repeal & Replace & now u are holding this up making Rep look crazy at least keep comments behind closed doors
I don't want dangerous, LOW IQ, criminals - or their spawn- on the streets. Keeping them in jail is preferable.
Most of these people are not dangerous, Low IQ criminals. Come work in the homeless shelter with me some time.
A homeless shelter is not jail. Have you looked at recidivism rates? As a physician the health of society must be kept a priority.
This is very good work Senator!
I can't believe you're doing this ..
Please come to Arkansas there's police corruption & cover ups illegal immigrants have committed suicide here and buried in poppers graves
Good for them...that's what showing true bi-partisanship is and making America greater
So very true Senator Paul. Thank you Sir.
Why NOW? It IS partisan issue. U r joining possible DEM 2020 candidate. Dems AND REPUBS r intent on destroying @POTUS. You are joining them.
Practice what you preach then. Show by example.
D'accord! #Freedom
Get with it!
You're a traitor.
Yeah, you care so much about that but voted to confirm Jeff Sessions. You've been a joke ever since.
do not get in bed with the devil
Potus can't pardon himself
I disagree with you on most things, but I really appreciate this bill & your cooperation with Sen Harris. More of this, please.
Ah spending our money on the issues that really matter Randy. This is why you will never step foot in the WH unless you're invited.
What the hell you've doing for seven. Go ahead let thead let the democrats win. Your are a  big  ick.
Vote him out he's working against our President. Need a Rep. to run against him. We won't someone to work with our President

Perhaps low risk Citizens...not illegal invaders who will never be found until they commit their next crime against our country or citizens.
...don't show up for court, there won't be enough resources to go get them, meanwhile theyre committin more crimes bc theres 0 consequences
NO IT SHOULDN'T!!! Wth. First you dont support Potus hc bill & now you want criminals put back on the street??? And when they don't....
Stick by your guns Mr. Rand Paul! There is intelligence some where out there. Repeal and get the government out of it!
Consequences?
I don't think it's "minor" to steal merchandise=$100+
Theft drives up cost for those of us who (work to) pay for merchandise
People, it's not about Republican or Democrat, it's about "US" vs "them". Pay attention to what's really going on here.
This better never become law @realDonaldTrump. Liked you a bit Rand. No more. I'm from NJ, this is a disaster.
PLEASE HELP PASS NEW HEALTH CARE
And what did she do as CA AG to facilitate the changes she claims she wants? Her party controls CA so enough pandering.
You're absolutely right. Neither should quality healthcare. Everyone has a right to a happy, healthy productive life.
Why don't you repeal the1000's of bad laws on the books that makes almost  everything a criminal act and return freedom to people instead?
Rand Paul continues to try to liberate criminals. He presumes that his relatives will not become victims, presumes that we will be victims.
You Might Have To Leave The REPUBLICAN PARTY Before This Is Over. ...McConnell & Ryan sold out To The ALT RIGHT FREAKS
Hopefully the states are in alignment with our guiding documents and founding principles. 
Oh those poor criminals. Such an unfair system. How about working on Healthcare, taxes and jobs. You know... things that effect everyone!
Wow. I finally agree with you completely
Neither should civil asset forfeiture. But that's used to fund the police state, so the authoritarian GOP will always support it.
Repeal and replace. I'm a physician in primary care. Obamacare has ruined my practice. It's off >40%. Support Trump!
MN ranks 49th in School-2-Prison Pipeline, next 2 Miss-not a safe State 4 black, Hispanic & Native ppl. Instit racism in a Dem State by Govt
I agree.  Thanks for working on this.
Neither should the need for Sessions to resign be, but @SenateGOP remain complicit
Sessions discussed matters related to Trump campaign with Russian ambassador, U.S. intelligence intercepts show http://wapo.st/2vtgvtf 
Based on lies shows your soul needs some work.  How about working on facts instead of fantasy fables.
How could ordinary citizens help?
Just be careful of Harris, she's a snake
@billpostmus union prison industrial complex lol you'd have just as much luck shutting down military lol
And also....$ should NOT be spent in support of @PPFA @PPact #plannedparenthood is a safe haven for #sex #traffickers. #childslavery
Paul did you Lie 2015 or next week ? A liar is a liar
This story breaks my heart, i think the judge that put the bail on this kid, should spend tripple time in rhe same jail.
Watching how you & colleagues continue to be silent/support Trump as to obstructing Mueller, Russian investigation & potential pardons.
This Paul Rand guy is somebody to pay attention too, I like what he hasbtobsay
Sitting in jail waiting to make bail is stressful, frustrating and a deterrent
The truth is this should not be decided by the federal government, but local and or state only
Kinda falls under, "if you can't afford the fine, don't do the crime." Your ideology actually facilitates more crime and poverty.
Does this mean there is bipartisanship to #ImpeachTrump ?Are you really that much of a Russian Colluder Apologist? Where's your dignity man?
Rand every one of your constituents should be outraged that you support taxes on sale of homes to pay for OBC. How can You support this!
Rand how can you support OBC-that bill charges taxes on sale of a private home to pay for what? Rand where's your conscience on this?

#MyLyrics          PRT 
It is encouraging to see bipartisan action on anything. Even better this matters
This is an excellent idea and and you have my support to implement this
~@RandPaul you have correctly identified the inequity in justice system,  need for reform. I agree. But vote for Sessions betrayed the cause
You must be crazy. Working with Harris? She can't be trusted! I'm done with your work! You don't help  with any POTUS agenda to pass!
Well done, Senators!
Noticing a lot of low bail/reduced sentences lately for people possessing enough drugs for a distribution charge...should be off the streets
Senator, why aren't you fighting to stop a new federal prison to be built in Appalachia Kentucky? #Our444Million
#Our444million being used 2 build new fed prison in #Appalachia KY. How about Education #greenjobs? @LetcherGovProj 
http://www.kentucky.com/news/state/article62354337.html …
Dr. Paul, should any issue be partisan?
#Our444Million being used 4 NEW federal prison #Appalachia Ky instead of education-#greenjobs#FIXIT!@LetcherGovProj
Frmr AG Loretta Lynch approves #Our444Million for new federal prison in #Appalachia Ky & Trump's budget cuts not stopping it#bipartisanship
I support your bill completely, it could stop a lot of mistreatment, wrongful incarceration and abuse of citizens who are arrested.
Senator, I don't often say this: I agree with you! Thank you for your leadership here.
Yes. Finally something I agree w you on. Now stop sessions wasting$ on enforcing drug laws for marijuana
The GOP better start backing our president or you will find a shack up in the Senate come election time. You guys are disappointing.
@SenKamalaHarris How about we deport all the illegals who are in our prisons and jails that WE PAY FOR!
Amen to you im on board with that. They dont want talk what a huge savings on health care and welfare without illegals.
Neither should Russia be, and yet, there you are.
Bipartisan start>@USArmy vets Rep. @TulsiGabbard & @RepTomGarrett Urges Federal Marijuana Decriminalization-@MauiNOW
http://mauinow.com/2017/05/17/gabbard-urges-federal-marijuana-decriminalization/amp/ …
Focus needs to be on Healthcare
A 16yr old held at Rikers for 3 years for stealing a backpack. Heartbreaking story.
One and only issue Harris supports that is moderately sensible, but I'd not align myself with her. She'll damage your reputation.
Bail reform is unconstitutional. It's sad you are taking George Sorros money now too for this.
Neither should #trumprussia & #russiantreason.  

.@GOP
#Billion $ Medical #FRAUD & @SenatorMenendez ALSO Helped a #Doctor with  #FRAUD & is Still In The #Senate ? #WTF Kick His ASS OUT NOW #USA
So helping only the richest among us isn't your plan anymore? We were just getting used to the warm yellow rain of trickle down economics.
Couldn't disagree more. Do the crime, do the time. People have to learn at some point, personal responsibility. Sure isn't taught in schools
Thanks to you & Senator Harris for reaching across the aisle to find a solution to a real problem. We need more of this in government.
Rand Paul, what are you? You cannot work with your own party on healthcare but reach out a hand to Harris; great legislator!
Nothing should, all issues should be considered on what's best for the country or enhances the quality of life
How about you both apply a little of that bipartisanship to healthcare.??
One of many that should be.....but.......
#StandWithRand
Sounds worthwhile looking at. Ted is introducing a new way to get rid of Ocare, get to yes on that ! And I'll keep listening to your ideas.
Nether should healthcare. Publically insist upon Dems & Libertarians, etc joining that O-Care repeal & healthcare reform group.
Unwilling to support the President and Repeal/Replace Ocare u send a flurry of Tweets to distract from ur healthcare obstruction
Exactly
Get your act together.  Yes it should
My real ? Is why is a person like you. A good guy and true patriot. Wasting your life away in Senate.  Ur ideas better use out of big govy.
The executive branch of our government is and continues to be a complete failure.
Pretty sure all out collapse is needed before our government works for the people and not there own interest. Nothing short of collapse.
And maybe stop incarceration for victimless crime!
The United States Government has lost all credibility with most people. We pretty much know nothing will get done. We expect it.
I have reached a point where I believe common sense and fair/reasonable treatment for us by Congress or the courts just doesn't exist.
Few are focused on legislation and the few are drowned out by the many. Americans are hurting, but the focus is not on Americans.
One thing I have learned is certain. Senate and congress have ideas and many good. But unlikely any of them happen. There is no will.
This shouldn't be either.
Rand I understand your arguments but the current bill is more conservative than what will come if you don't approve this one.
Unfortunately I've grown numb 2 the "plight" of poor decision makers I had plenty of urges 2 do dumb shit I chose not to. Kid did us a favor
Good job. This is an important issue
A law that would make sense
@SenKamalaHarris for President!
The Bill of Rights applies to individuals, not "collectives". There is no constitutionally protected right to "wellbeing" or healthcare.
Yeah, more criminals on the street is a great idea! 
you're wrong on this one Rand
Harris has made CA an awful place 4 business, family and safety.
1/ Bail itself makes no sense to me. Seems like a legal bribe to the government. 2/ What if i can't afford to pay fines? I'm off the hook?
I'm torn on this one. Luckily I'm a law abiding citizen and hopefully won't have to worry either way.
this is not a big problem, unaffordable costs and rising premiums are the #1 problem for us today....whip gop vote on hcare
people need to learn the difference between Medicare and Medicaid always see Medicare mis spoken there's a big difference
The problem is, reducing bail will be for more violent crimes, and allow them to do it again, look at CA, DC
Putting this bill together should not have influence from ins. Lobbyist or drug company's .  They are part of the problem 10 
Fold.
Insurance companies and drug companies are in it for thre money, their bottom line.  They don't give a rats a-- about the public, we're $$$.
The USA is the Wealthiest, most advanced country in the world. Shouldn't its citizens have a few perks? Healthcare, higher Education...
That woman is evil
black?
No, raging demonic liberal
Naaaaaah, you mean "black".
She seems half white to me, but whatever.  Race is main thing so go with that
You seem like one of those guys who thinks the Civil Rights Act should have been "left to the states". Kinda like Senator Paul here....
Neither should health care, #NetNeutrality or hostile foreign gov's influencing our elections but here we are
Anything Kamala Harris supports, I do not. She is so RADICAL, it isn't even within the realms of reality. She is psycho &not for law abiders
You are insane, a racist and a liar... Kamala is intelligent, strong and an amazing lawyer
Poor snowflake, couldn't handle the truth
what do you get when you roll Hillary and Barak Hussein into one: Kamala Harris.
Are you joking.....? Work with someone who has credible background 360°
See the difference then .
you confirmed Sessions.  YOU.  That little racist we screamed please don't put him in this position.  Now hell's gates are open.
Hey, great and all, but can you maybe do something about civil asset forfeiture? Like, legislation?
Like healthcare?  HYPOCRITE!
Props.
Neither should uninsuring millons of people, but it is. Come on, 2018!!
What's the point of being insured if you have a 11k deductible
You picked the wrong person to partner with on this issue She was a disastrous AG in Calif Beyond insatiable ambition, she is an empty suit
That probably happens. The judge would've been informed if he/she allowed anyone to speak. This would never have happened in my small town.
Had a discussion on FB about the punishment fitting the crime yesterday. I believe this is something we can all get behind. Good read!
I find her very rude! I've watched her question ppl in hearings she doesn't give them a response. She cuts them off and twists to her liking
She's making an impression but it's a very negative one! I was happy Sessions called her out on her behavior! It was very disturbing
YOU have made everything a partisan issue
You know what SHOULD be a partisan issue? Stopping me from betraying our country to the Ruskies. Without GOP there is NO #MRGA
Original
Not a big fan of hers but I definitely Back you.
Like you know anything about her.
Agree completely -- the cash bail system is outdated and unfair.
Not about ultimate responsibility or punishment. About fairness and costs of detaining low-risk people prior to trial simply because poorer.
This shouldn't either...
I can't stop watching this 
You're working with her tho... really
I agree, but she's only in it for herself. Why couldn't he get somebody else to help I can't think of his name right now but he would help
People just have to get used to more crime and slums, because we can't afford to house criminals, and society is making more all the time.
The war on drugs is a disaster. It must end. It needs decriminalized. These people need help not incarceration. Jmo
When are you going to help stop Russian invasion?
We did on election day 2016.  No more Obama to make deals with Putin
Kamala Harris is an obstructionist, a seditionist. Rand, don't you listen to her, or read her tweets? She's awful.
What tweet has been seditionist?
Rand-stay far, far away from Kamala. She hates Republicans and imagines herself future Pres. She's not there to help you.
Working Together, now that is a novel idea. That is what you are ALL paid for. Now do healthcare together please.
#TheResistance
Neither should healthcare
Neither should the existence of anthropogenic climate change
Well Steve,
can you please tell us how much money is involved and where it's going?
I didn't know it cost money to accept a scientific conclusion
And who funded the scientific studies? the people with their fingers on the scale who want the outcome to go their way
Good work!
If Illegal should they turned over to ICE? Ask ask Kamala whay will happen in her state when Iiiegals are detained before trial!
More of this please, our President wants a unified . He likes to sign things, Congress must use that notion; to the people's advantage.
This is a jail-break for Black criminals.  But you're a "Detroit Republican" so I guess you're the expert.
