In other words :
Can't you just compromise??? Pass something and fix as it goes
Hate to say it but that's the best the @GOP will get Rand. As long as there's no individual mandates or penalties then I can't object.
I want full repeal of Obamacare, overhaul of medicare (States handle), and a competitive, open (countrywide) insurance market. #NoBailouts
So right . Let's get this done
Trump's son-in-law's brother owns an ACO!!!
Thank you for standing for Freedom regardless of who's pushing the bill. You are what we wish every politician would be.
Insurance is only 40% of healthcare. Tinkering with 40% will raise entitlement costs. feds become indemnifier insurance cuts checks
Grateful for your no vote @RandPaul, but what do you suggest us not-rich do about healthcare itself? It's far too pricey for most of us.
Make these insurance companies #Compete  No more #Monopolies  And 5% pop that account for 60% cost need own pool
The @realDonaldTrump Needs to demand #Stooges repeal  #MONOPOLIES via this Frankenstein McCarran Insurance Law NOW!  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/McCarran%E2%80%93Ferguson_Act …
At least you are being honest. You are wrong  as it makes more sense to cover people but you are honest. I respect you.
Do you have a Primary opponent yet?
I've never made a political donation before but I'm looking to make one now
#Food in #Prohibition no grow no freedom. 80 years of genocide for greed of Industry LOBBY for Gods' sake. Turn it loose
An easier way to do this would to repeal a Obamacare completely replacing it with a bill that tells insurance companies to fairly compete
For our business n not descriminate against pre existing conditions. Then tell large pharm to stop raping us on prices.
To finish it, a large portion of Americans prefer NATURAL medicine and homeopathic remedies over drugs. Allow docs to practice that.
Mandate HC back to the states by 2/1 18or20. Offer seed money. Feds maintain MC & SS. Want to build 1K clinics do it.50 HC experiments.
Correct . Vote NO
U'll vote NO because Kentucky loves Obamacare & U can deny it &  just say it wasn't Conservative enough.
Well, what is your idea? Do you just want to throw people into the wind with no access to healthcare at all? That's BARBARIC!
Good for you!!!
says a guy who enjoys taxpayer funded health insurance wow another ward of the state hypocrite
#repealamdreplacecongress
I am glad you are voting no, going with the recommendation of your #AMA , even though for wrong reasons, still a no. Will help Ky
They have to protect their bread and butter, and donors, and lobbyist! Most know! Now expose them. Why we can not get a deal 4 the people.
We already know why you're voting no because it's not tax cuts to the rich so stop thinking we're stupid please!! PLEASE!
I agree with you @RandPaul . The federal govt. should have nothing to do with healthcare. Keep standing. We need a #FullRepeal of Obamacare.
I fully agree with you senator Paul.
Good for you Senator Paul. It's obvious RINO Mitch and the other Republican Libs don't have any balls. I'm glad you do.
Wow- so in America- going to a Dr when your sick is an entitlement- but giving tax cut to you and your cronies makes since. Sad
vote no.  repubs can't own this
We must stop ACO's from receiving higher reimbursements from ins. Cos. Than non ACO docs. Kuschner owns an ACO?
Find a compromise, you will never get perfect,find the good
Good repeal is only option
Did Any1 KnowThat Mitch McConnell 
Had 2 Ck With His Cronies On K Street 2C what they thought Of The Health Bill B4 Bring It 2 the floor
McConnell Failed Onlysucceeded NGenerating P.R. headaches,secretive controversy&obstacles 2passing reforms Americans voted 4Rparty enact.
My day job is speaking with employers daily about ACA plans.  It is obvious you aren't having those conversations & the Demos didn't pre ACA
#FullRepeal
IT is amazing to me that you can get dressed in the morning.  Seven years to prepare for this opportunity & this is your best?!  Shame on U!
Repeal Obamacare Keep got out of healthcare!
ITS THEFT.
Good for you, standing on principle - but I won't read Breitbart.
Thank you Paul. I would love to see support for cruz repeal bill at this point. Hopefully we will repeal & replace all reps that lied 2 us!
Thank you Rand Paul! Keep up the fight. I wish you were my senator!
Step out of ideological box @RandPaul. Is Healthcare a right? Wrong question. Is it right for US competitiveness?YES
Thank you!
Keep it up! Going to have to find better GOP senators next election if they keep this up....
Why aren't you talking about getting Big Pharma under control? Well, not just talking, but doing it. Same old, same old, I guess.
Why keep insurance companies as the "middle men" if the government is paying the bill. Not a cost-effective plan. Public option is necessary
Agree, but there are things in the bill that make the ACA better-Your principles will hurt people since the GOP won't currently just repeal
Guess what Rand-- Americans have the right to decide to spend their tax dollars to get health for themselves, instead of arms for unstable
..countries who use them on their citizens!
GOOD FOR YOU...REPEAL IT...IT'S UNCONSTITUTIONAL TO FORCE US TO BUY GOV HEALTHCARE, NO MATTER THE NAME.  FREE US...REPEAL IT
Remember: what's being discussed is funding not the care itself. They are not one and the same.
Talk to Dr Josh Umber
Repeal only for now
You go, Rand - totally agree not to give insurance companies any more of our taxes. Repeal Obamacare 100% as promised!!
@RandPaul I don't understand, if we can't make it better, why not repeal it entirely and WHY can't they allow it sold across state lines?!?!
Why do you never offered any ideas on how to fix it? All I ever hear from you is that you won't support it. How about fixing it! Do your job
Rand Paul, we are with you. #repealObamacare. Don't replace, give the money to the States let them decide for themselves!
Push to swap deduction for employer insurance direct purchase w/ higher HSA contribution limit & put choice to work!
Here's what I've asked my delegates to work with GOP colleagues on: 1. *Eliminate the Employer Health Care Tax Deduction for direct (1/43)
I want full repeal. Free market HC with competition across state lines. NO socialized medicine, no govt.-run HC! NO bailouts, no taxes, NO!
must pass something
Obama tried!!  Stupid ass republicans kept Blocking his every move!!!
We are with you! My wife and I paid a $1500 penalty for not buying a low quality, overpriced, terrible product. Please help!
Congress is a bunch of idiots. Do what you promised and repeal. All this run around is only loosing your support. We have no faith in you
@senrobportman #StandWithRand #FullRePeal We want #FreeMarketHealthcare
#SinglePayer will solve that.
I'm still wondering exactly where in the Constitution is Government health care mentioned.   Full repeal of Obamacare as promised!
I agree, Not to mention Obama lied to Supreme Court. Said Mandate to buy insurance was a fine. Then told S. Court it was a tax not fine.
After reading this I must admit that I am now behind you. Most republicans have no courage. It is disappointing.
So you are going to fight for universal coverage and/or single payer?
Who bailed out the Americans for high insurance cost. Nobody! Instead we're penalized for not having it. REPEAL Obamacare!!
Your inability to compromise is holding America hostage. Sticking steadfast to your ideals keeps you from doing anything.
He's selling books to a contingent of loyal followers.
This is what frustrates me with politicians on both sides of the isle. It's all About their own self-interest while espousing idealistic BS
Meanwhile nothing gets done for the citizens that elect them.
U and I would disagree quite on healthcare, but see your point about politics.It's a sham &Reps are proving it. 50 repeal&replace bills haha
I don't have the answers when it comes to Healthcare I just know doing nothing is not the answer.
If u want to preserve private insurance and have no pre-existing conditions, Romneycare/Obamacare is your best solution. Rep are in denial
Who pays your Health Insurance? I have heard you say you want to remove the tax break that I get cause I pay $10,000 a year for Health Ins??
You want to take Health Insurance away from people who work but can't afford regular insurance so you can give a tax cut to the wealthiest??
We all got duped into thinking paying high monthly premium 2 an insurance company = h/care? Buys you permission 2 go to a Doc on their list?
Vote NO, we want a repeal
Thank you... stand firm
We didn't want an insurance co. bailout in the ACA and we don't want it NOW. TELL YOUR COLLEAGUES TO STOP THE MADNESS!!!!!!!
Standing on your principles is fine but please be ready to compromise a little.  Otherwise Ocare will be Law of the Land!
Repeal Obamacare and then get the Federal Govt out of our Healthcare. Look at the mess it's created already!
Good move! Can't get rid of the mandate and taxes but keep the regs and subsidies. Makes healthcare LESS solvent than crappy Obamacare.
you're the only true conservative, the Gov can't run the Post Office. now they have their hands on our health!! #repeal and leave us alone
repeal o'care. subsidize affordable health ins. make every citizen pay something. including Medicaid.
If you want to change  congress should be on it as well
REPEAL OBAMACARE!!
repeal Obama care.
Why don't we start controlling how much hospitals charge? I don't see anyone standing up for people getting robbed with bogus charges
We can only hope that it's because it is really a Death Plan for children, the elderly & people with pre existing conditions. Shameful
We know why, not screwing enough Americans.
Stand your ground !Vote No!The American people know and we back you!!We want your bill!#FreeMarketHealthcare @realDonaldTrump #FullRePeal
I won't vote for anybody who doesn't want to repeal JAN 1, 2018.  Force the Democrats to the table.  #DoYourJob
The supreme court ruled that #Obamacare was the biggest tax increase ever imposed on the public. JUST REPEAL IT !!
Ever heard of consensus.  If it fails u will be made out to be the selfish person u are.
that sounds like socialisn to me
Thanks for bringing this to light and not selling out.
#WeThePeople were promised #FullRepeal and that's what we expect. 
Thank you for standing firm against #ObamaCareLite.
Just as long at ALL MEMBERS OF CONGRESS are included in this legislation, America will be in agreement.
@RandPaul does a lot of talk like the Dems, but no action & no power. Join the @realDonaldTrump  agenda or will vote u out.
The mandate is the most un-American piece of legislation to ever pass through Congress. Taxed for simply being alive. Things won't get (1/2)
...any better, until everyone realizes that what we call insurance, is technically not insurance, but Human Maintenance Svc Agreement. (2/3)
Cut out the middlemen by taking insurance co out of the equation & allow hospitals 2 sell maintenance agreements directly 2 patients. (3/3)
I don't favor federal entitlement for medical
Make sure to deny all your Medicare benefits!
@RandPaul We need tort reform, insurance across state lines and go after Big Pharma! That will fix healthcare!
You have lost any chances of being a Presidential candidate or getting re-elected, thanks to your  refusal to pass the GOP HEATHCARE bill
I must agree with you - no corporate welfare in any form!
Please continue to vote NO for public funded private insurance.
Too bad. You need to accept you will not get everything you want.
Can't UNDERSTAND why not listening to you #SenPaul!!  We need to get the RINO's out & more conservatives in!  #ReplaceFlake w/@kelliwardaz
Stand in there. We support you and your vote against the health care bill.
And while you all are playing political chess games millions of middle class families are going broke because of the high cost of insurance.
Almost all of this is Rich vs Poor. Middle class is barely involved
Don't just vote no-fix it! Get others on board.Strip out the ACA taxes-we said repeal&replace, not R&R but please keep ACA taxes-tax reform?
Healthcare is just another on a long list of things govt shouldn't involved in and subjecting us to the politics of which party is in power
Meet with @realDonaldTrump and spur a veto.  The moderates don't want him anyway. Its not market driven. 2 bills. repeal one. load other.
The 2 bills approach is silly. It's gotta be a 2-in-1 thing incase the replacement bill doesn't get passed in time before the repeal.
Obama lovers don't realize that after all that demonizing insurance companies they turned around and funneled money to them.
I agree, but you guys promised repeal and replace. Better make it happen because if not you and the GOP will fail those who put u in office
The GOP will fail its supporters no matter what.  You gullible folks will continue voting for them though.
stay strong.
Republicans are exposed as the big government spenders they are.  @realDonaldTrump needs to veto it if it comes on his desk.  Keep fighting!
Stay the course sir. You are one of the few who are looking out for us.
Who pays for your health insurance
thank you!!!!
What ever healthcare the people are subjected to, senators congress etc should also be subjected to ! Easy to give crap when your exempt!
If this bill is Obamacare light isn't voting no voting for bigger government because obamacare not lite remains?
Thank you @RandPaul for standing strong. You support the sanest pro American Free Market view. @realDonaldTrump @tedcruz
No post about net neutrality?!?
Vote no
This "Senator" is a SERVANT - NOT A KING!!!
His job is to do what WE SAY, NOT WHAT HE THINKS!
Same with REPEALING THE LAW!
Deep State CONMAN
Stand your ground.  I'd rather lose the House in 2018 than cave on this bill.
stick to your guns Senator!  Neither health insurance nor healthcare for that matter are rights guaranteed by the Constitution.
Police protection and fire departments aren't in there either, but we have them anyways because they do a lot of public good.
@RandPaul it's been nice knowing you
REPEAL! PEPEAL!!
Once again: REPEAL & STAY REPEALED. The VA is Single-Payer & . . . It Sucks !
Washington as usual.  They look just like a bunch of morons = Dems take back control midterm 18s. So disappointed with leadership.
Why not take a crack at drafting bill yourself?
What ever remains the people that make the decision should also have to live with ! U all need to be on the same plan you all pass !
Thank you for standing up for principles over emotional codswaddle.
Push hard and make it work...You country and your Party need you to execute!
First time? BS. The GOP loves to give taxpayer money to big business. It's their raison d'être. They call it "trickle down". You love it too
The lack of courage in the Senate is astounding
i agree total repeal of @POTUS44 law it was illegal harmful except to all those who get entitlements  anyway. those ppl get it free
then get  done. Enough. Totally eliminate obozocare.  No taxes, reform taxes, stay in DC till it's done. Ur party is beating itslf
Finally, repeal ACA. We have healthcare systems work on fixing,investigate fraud&reforming Medicaid/Medicare;which are 4 poor,disabled&aged
Thanks for fleshing that out. What can we do to help?
Government does not belong in any part of my healthcare!
It provides oversight and enforces standards.

How can you be so stupid?
The #DeepStateRINOs just can't do the RIGHT THING. They can't DEFY the LOBBYISTS with ALL THAT MONEY. Slimy, filthy TRASH. #TermLimits
Thank you @RandPaul! Can you light a fire under McConnells ass?
Stand strong, Rand.  Make the destroying Leftists understand.
Thank you,Senator
How about voting for 2 things.  1) Repeal Obamacare in toto  2) Allow insurance co.'s to sell across all 50 states. That'd be a good start
The Obamacare Replacement Act sponsored by Dr. Paul in January?
Good for you Sen.  GOP headed wrong way on this issue.  Let them amend Constitution if they can.  Best wishes in current & future battles
R's, like D's, want to mandate you to buy insurance from for-profit companies. Meanwhile, I'll bet all of them are invested in such co's.
It's things like this that lead to us having over 300 millionaires in congress.
It infuriates that the Leftist Dems killed Healthcare and the Leftist GOP is helping in its burial by throwing dirt on Healthcare's grave.
Are you part of the problem or part of the solution? The best is sometimes the enemy of the good.
Yes but Senator ya'll knew that entitlement would be the toughest to fix because its just that FREE! You guys better get your shit together!
Not going to read your Breitbart bullshit, Senator.  You are dealing with the devil.
I think you may be the only Senator who makes any sense.  Please keep fighting.  Just repeal!
Thanks for your stand against these unconstitutional bailouts with taxpayers money.
I wish I lived in Kentucky just so I could vote for you.
Is there anything you don't vote no on
You are absolutely correct. Since there is no authority for federal healthcare, congressmen who hold their oath of office dear must vote NO!
Senator Paul, thank you for being a stand up man!
Stay strong Rand! Support you 150%!
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #BCRA #AHCA #StopTrumpCare #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
A horrific metaphor for Trumpcare: this disabled woman literally being ripped from her wheelchair. 
#StopTrumpcare  
Always go to EMOTION when anti-constitutional BLOATED overreaching Govt. has lost the argument & all credibility!
We were promised repeal.

Not some watered down version of Obamacare.
Thank you. #RepealObamacare
Why are you not discussing Jared's security clearance?
Oh hell no.  We can see where most of congress loyalties are.  Lobbyists! Time to uproot congress.  Disgusting!
Get this done!!!!
Senator, please consider an endorsement of @AP4Liberty in the #MOSEN race. He's committed to helping fight off big government!
I second this!  Austen Petersen is an ally you need in the senate.
Thank you Senator Paul. Healthcare is a privilege, not a right.  Should not be mandated or subsidized by the federal govt.
And republicans are trying tho make it FOR THE RICH&PREVILIDGED! GO sell ur scam elsewhere!!
Really a shame that you're not our President right now, but keep fighting the good fight in the Senate
We have a right to have our wages garnished for a product most of us will never use. A RIGHT I SAY! 
A Fucking men.  Sorry couldn't help it! 
Work with all those voting no to implement your bill as the better option.
Republicare will murder more Americans than all terrorist acts combined.
Hopefully youll be the first to go
You're a terrible American Christian. As well as a poor representation of your namesake
