If they debate very long, no one will be covered except Medicaid.
Mr. Paul can't we have a look at what you had in mind??
Yet they don't have a plan. There are millions of people that this will affect. Instead of making it better cheaper
Then repeal it
how about studying one of the other countries Healthcare and pattern American's on the most successful one
Why not ask what @RandPaul thinks about THOUSANDS that would die with his desire to repeal and not replace? Hit them harder.
try to keep up Ben. @RandPaul has been saying repeal & REPLACE, the whole time.
With what? He want's Fed Gov out of healthcare. His replace is a farce.
what would be wrong with that? Gov't just gums up process. What would you like see happen?
A federal all-payer model similar to Maryland's. Implement cost control on health care costs.
I will never support care by Gov until I must, Medicare. And then I will buy my own add
I know you wouldn't but what about people bankrupted by healthcare costs? How do they get help or do you not care?
I'd still appreciate a source on your claims that an all payer model has already proven a failure.
@RandPaulYOU ARE A DISGRACE. wait till Trump voters are kicked off of their insurance. Didn't he say no cuts to Medicare?
Crybaby
#fullrepeal only!
Yeah, but what about you "RINO's"?
All Federal employees should be on this HC plan too. Is that in the plan?
you guys are gonna screw this up!  Keep your in-fighting out of the media.
Look at all the single payer commies!
ACA is failing, those people won't have coverage anyway, only ones that will are those on Medicaid,
I want to know how much Donald Trump made 2015.  I have the right to know
I think Donald Trump's 2015 Taxes Should be Public Released
The GOP has had eight years to get their shit together on this. It tells us they have no plan & they don't care.
STAY STRONG  #FullRepeal of #RyanCare #RINOcare #VoteHR3762 @Jim_Jordan  @TomCottonAR @SenTedCruz @SenMikeLee
Agree. Repeal all of ACA and replace right after with "free market" Ryan is playing games and Pres Trump needs you and others to be involved
please keep standing your ground 
Must repeal all the obamacare regulations that were forced down the throats of The American People.
wait a minute Rand, let's repeal your insurance as well, isn't that an entitlement? Let's start with you!
you sound as crazy as Trump. Let that sink in
he is, a true nut job! And we pay for his insurance...I hear for life! No more handouts for them either!
so all sick people will be in a big group. What kind of insurance plan with cover only the sick and pre existing.
no shit
Me too. Replacement might be bad, and eventually take money from SSA. I don't want my employer ins to go up X 5. 
Will Ryan fight Trump on the tax reform also? If America doesn't get the reform promised the jobs will not come.
Actually, he is speaking for us all.
That's because Republicans could care less about healthcare for Americans, even though we pay for their healthcare.
I was a supporter, but it appears  you are now putting yourself above the good of people. Stop grandstanding.
Oklahoma is doing health co-ops $50 per month. Ship it nation wide please
The fact the left wont face is that Obamacare has collapsed. Insurers pulled out. The death spiral is here.
Be careful all-this could blow up in our face -. Republicans need unity or you will waste the election.
The devil loves a foothold...
#TrumpCare sucks and so does Paul
Have you considered a run for the Presidency? I believe you and Sen. Franken would make a great team. Thank you.
I don't care if repealed or fixed. Just get beat plan for country!!!
NO REPLACEMENT! It just another welfare system.
So working people shouldn't have health care? What a bigly brilliant plan! Please run for office.
Healthcare should be one that republican congress would use!
#StandWithRand
Rand Paul is right.  We don't want a twisted version of Obamacare.  Lower costs "eventually" is unacceptable
damn. Trump ran on full repeal. Guess it's not a lie if it's just a campaign promise.
Because as soon as they agree on a replacement, it'll be much worse and reelection won't happen. Uh oh! #sad!
Sadly, Paul has no way to get past the 60 vote requirement in Senate…unless it is related to budget.
oh then don't replace it...concepts
Republican problem is they never planned to replace ACA just repeal it  ........ Replace was Trump's idea.
MORONS
they are negotiating- such a refreshing concept and one that was lacking in the Kingdim of Obama!
Repeal and forget, we don't want #RhinoCare! Health insurance is a responsibility not a right.
Of employers? Good point. Given that unemployment is <5 your plan would cover almost everyone.
this is stupid.  Just fix problems with ACA.. rename it, call it a victory.
Except Ryan couldn't put his name on it.
@POTUS Please put @RandPaul in charge of Replacement - DTS - FIRE RYAN.

republicans are united on repeal- that's the problem.
Rep. are trying to do something out of character, 45care and SocialWelfare isn't in their playbook so they struggle
ACA is healthcare. @GOP #TyRyantBill is #WealthyTaxCredit. Stand w/hospitals, Drs, & nurses against it & Ins co.
You cannot speak for all nurses and doctors.
Just change the name from Obamacare to #TrumpCare and everything will be fine...
are you nuts-Obanacare is collapsing just ask ppl of AZ   110% premium increases, one option high deducts
talk to Rubio about that!!
duh.  Stating the obvious
True!
"Health care must be recognized as a right, not a privilege." Bernie Sanders
If so…be careful what the socialist give you…when they run out of other people’s money.

What do you think the GOP is giving you? Smoke and bubble gum. While they stuff pockets w/ $
Do the research. Countries w/ single payer healthcare have healthiest and happiest citizens.
Why do u talk to Ryan. He is a broken record playing a bad tune. He can't answer ur question because his answer is a lie.
