Just curious, let's say that we cut everyone's taxes, what do we do with the multi billion dollar budget shortfalls?
If you're assuming some sort of GDP increase because of the "stimulus" what legitimate economist believes we'll hit that target?
Where will the increased employment come to sustain such an increase when unemployment rates in many sectors are already low?
Respected republican economist #GregMankiw estimates most tax cuts only pay for 1/3 of themselves from added GDP growth. Must cut spending.
There are some assumptions regarding how much of a return they will yield. But let's assume that number is correct.
Letks say for argument's sake that we have cut $100 billion in taxes. 
We get $33 billion back, but have to cut $67 billion.
1.  That's primarily $67 billion in lost jobs, which also means less taxes. So maybe now we have to cut another $15 million.
#Hi #ImMrMeseeks #LookAtMe You're assuming the $67 Billion is spent here and essentially claiming that gov jobs = wealth redistribution
Why are we cutting taxed & leaving our people without medical coverage if they are sick. What if the tax cut $$ went to health care support?
Because the government shouldn’t be involved in healthcare to begin with. Deregulation of HC will drive competition up and prices down.
I am Republican & I am pro-life & our current massive tax plan while pushing people off health care is not pro-life.
It is pro life. Why make HC like going to the DMV. Ask our veterans how Good government HC is.. #dieWaitingForTheVA
We are proving mass tax cuts to rich while cutting health care which will kill some of our poor people . Their lives matter.
Then let’s just cut out all income tax, and get government out of healthcare. Private charities are far better at caring for the poor.
Rich and miss class will have more $ to donate voluntarily to the poor, rather than having it stolen by the government
If any of my friends or associates die or are harmed due to this tax cut while we cut health care , I can't ethically stay Republican.
Democrats solve all problems with Tax the rich.
All give a ways Tax the rich.
Curious when do they start spending their money? If they
Never Forget Obama selling Obamacare-where a husband and wife grossing $250K before Taxes, family and medical expenses was deemed to be Rich
I'm the wrong person for these Dems and redistribution of wealth. Everyone I know wants to be rich someday. I find absolutely nothing wrong
- 1991 l worked for black tree service owner. I fell, he had no ins. Didn't pay me and stole my gear.
Hope your alright now. Know how expensive and critical equipment is. So sorry.
- 17yrs later , #JUSTICE says he owes me 35k and I can't work. $500 in gear.
Is he still in business?
Lawyers are for rich, must have been hard.
Please paul - don’t blow this.
So, who exactly pays for everything?  We know it's not our President who pays no taxes.
The top 10% pay 70% of ALL income tax collected. That's who.
So, quick question, do the top 10% have only 70% of all the money and capital available?
Available "capital" is not a finite number. Econ 101.
But that's not what you're applauding, Sen. Paul! What POTUS is doing forgets those on bottom as well as the middle!!
Your President included. Those sad, rich folks need tax relief SO badly. Way to represent ALL your constituents. #patheticgop
Thank you Mr Paul!! Income tax break across the board! Cut spending too! #Budget2018
Flat tax for all.
How do you not lose your cool dealing with these anti-constitutional fools?!
My husband served in Vietnam and suffers from PTSD. He has applied for 100% disability for several years. Do you support our vets?
Do something besides talk and vote no Rand. Anything.
You know that what you are saying will starve the majority of the country. Why do you wish to hurt so many people to benefit so few?
Rand Paul has been running for POTUS  since he was born, ergo against everything to get on TV...Please Stop!!
Exactly
Poor people already don't pay a lot of taxes. Cutting for everyone runs the risk of helping the rich more than the poor.
When you cut corporate taxes they just pocket the money. Kentucky is one of the poorest states and no ever elected does anything to help the middle/low income families, no ins. or birth control coverage, Fix it! Making less than $60,000. a yr pays 8%  flat tax.
And then cut government spending to pay for it.
How come I am taxed in global income and corporations are not?
Downsize my supersized government
RT @realDonaldTrump @tedcruz @RandPaul Analysis: YOUR #TaxPlan would cost $2.4 Trillion & benefit big Corps. & wealthy most. #USA #Americans
And grow the economy.

A rising tide lifts all boats.
Fair is fair
How about a 1 time tax exemption on corporate money held offshore?
Phased in over 2 years.
Effective immediately.

@realDonaldTrump
Absolutely Thank U for your opinion of keeping the people magazine approach corker & flake 
TV drama show yesterday out of WH. POLICY only!
Abolish Fed income tax and IRS!!! Fed sales tax is fair
We should make sure that the roles of government are adequately funded, not pander to the rich or 1-D thinkers.
Great job!  This is precisely what's needed!  Go Sell it on the mountain senator Paul!
I could not agree more!
And why aren’t there more smart people in Congress like Rand Paul?
National sales tax at 2% for non essential goods brings in nearly same revenue. Ends irs an if u dont wanna pay taxs dont buy a tv or boat
No kidding! Let's getter done!
I strongly disagree
@RandPaul DO NOT be another McCain! Vote YES for taxes.....
I will gladly pay more tax in order to help my fellow americans. Your appeal to the selfish among us is shameful and disgusting
I would like to keep more of my money instead of funneling it into corporate welfare, but hey, different strokes.
I avoid potholes on 95 everyday,My daughter worries abt healthcare,Climate change release deadly viruses,Medicare saved my moms life so f/u
Tell me more about how your tax dollars fixed those potholes you avoid every day and prevented climate change.
And yet the potholes remain?

Thanks for the ad hominems. I hope you find some peace, or some critical thinking skills. Be well.
Sure cutting Medicare and Medicaid can pay for tax cuts for the wealthy
May I remind u, it was Obama & Dem that took couple billion out to finance Obama Care.
Why don’t u get on board with the rest of the R’s PASS The Tax reform bill NOW
Cut unneed social programs.  Kill fed grants . no more funding for laraza progressive latino. Colledges
I totally agree!
Flat tax for all .... each according to their ability!
I'm for cutting everyone's taxes, less government in our lives. This requires government to be dramatically cut too. Tell us where and how.
Your philosophy is rather interesting. This country is in seriously debt to the world and you want to lower everyone's taxes. Of course, you want to take away health care and social security for everyone, too. Does that mean the rich will be so happy and the poor will be so dead?
Spot on Sen. Paul. A fair method, it supports Capitalism.
The successful is more important than making the burden lighter on the middle class.
Some people don't want anybody to get tax cuts. All the left cares about is taking everything it can from anybody. Their vendetta against
A middle class tax cut across board makes NO sense as long as there is a 1%.  Cannot believe you will let @GOP add trillions to deficit.
Wow you're really going on a crusade for this one huh
Sounds good on paper but how will u pay for THE WALL and all the reckless spending
Every Free Citizen should pay the same. Why should any Man have access any more than any other Man?
With OUR labor we pay 4the salaries of every federal employee/government agencies and @SenSchumer @TheDemocrats Are  we may get a tax cut!
Rather than do it in a way that the majority of people want, we should do it my way....
https://www.ebay.com/itm/292299718717?ssPageName=STRK:MESELX:IT&_trksid=p3984.m1558.l2649 …
That is the fair way to do it.
Full support for Rand on tax cuts. But that's the easy part. How to you REDUCE spending, now that's the tough part
AND cut every area of Govt spending equally across the board or you will have a backlash from those who got the cut!
I STAND WITH THE CURLY HAIR GUY. I STAND WITH RAND PAUL ! ! !
I'm comfortable paying the 30% or so in taxes that I do, just stopped use the $ for education and stuff
How would we pay for anything though
We love you !
Yeah because we gotta keep that income gap as wide as possible @RandPaul
The goal is to help the people who need the most help.
Get with the program on tax reform. Don’t be a John McCain denying the people.Keep ur promises to the people who put u in office.
That equals massive deficit.  Thought you were against that
not the wealthy
Why can't we say the truth? Every American can have free health insurance. But we have to raise everyone's taxes. Some more than others.
Agree! 1st cut the welfare, benefits & handouts to lazy Democrats so we can fill all the jobs Trump is getting for Americans! #noamnesty #DeportThemAll
BIG PROBLEM: Using Child Credit to get support: Gives back MUCH more than paid in, that's welfare, WRONG... never refund more than paid in!!
But where will socialist @SenSanders get his money for free things and stuff for all.
Yes and the government should balance the budget, quit stealing from socia security, and have DOJ conduct corruption investigations
Kick Rand Paul out of office
Are you going through the middle age crisis?  You want everything your way. or the highway.  Come on give a little and help the Americans.
We should ALL pay the same. Everyone. No I’m not rich!
National sales tax instead of income tax would be fair
Whose gonna pay for increasing the deficit by $1.5 TRILLION?
Yesssss! I love this!
Except that never works
Yes but that may not pass for political reasons better to increase tax on super rich  to pass bill & benefit those that need the tax cut
Government should be able to live off 10% flat tax if not cut Government, don’t raise taxes.
10% flat tax!!!!!
Flat tax.  Close big business loopholes.  KISS
All AMERICA should be our only focus. WE ALL GOTTA WIN!!!
YES Sen Paul... YES!
#Amen
Obviously cutting government spending has to be part and parcel of tax cuts.
At the end of the day, it will be! It wasn't during the Reagan Revolution!
The six families who own more wealth than 150 million Americans, do not need a tax cut!!!!
I'd be interested to hear your explanation on how a country keeps services a d pays down debt with less money
Would you vote for that even though it doesn't mention spending caps.  You've already dug your heels in, Rand.  You said you were a NO vote.
That assumption being that everyone will be happy if everyone’s taxes are cut?
How in the hell will you do that and balance the budget? Doesnt sound like a conservative plan at all!
How about No! Do you even understand economics ? And the system we are working with here?
for us to get out of the hole tax rates on the corps &wealthy need to have their loopholes taken out & the working class need the cut
Give middle class money they spend on things they need which boosts the economy The wealthy &corps just hoard & take more from working class
Which is why trickle down doesn't work at all
Well Mr. Paul you were my last hope.  I'm sorry but I take back the nice things I thought and said about you.  Your just like the rest
I love that you're dumb enough to think not paying the bills, makes them paid off in a few years...  Cause it worked so well with W Bush.  Let's start by cutting your pay!
You just need to quit making sense.  Twitter just won't tolerate that.
. AMERICA can ABSOLUTLY COUNT ON YOU to ALWAYS VOTE NO!!!!!
you think NOTHING of me....the middle class....u would deny us AGAIN over this?
....as our lives trickle away....30 yrs of nada & counting
Ridiculous Rand strikes again he’s a pimp for Democrats
Ur a fraud Paul and we’re done watching you take Dems Money with principled excuses to cover it up
Rand Paul says it like it is, a never wavers! An honest man, something that is lacking in Congress!
Lol
“Cause I want to make everyone happy!”
Totally agree
Yes and who would pay for those taxes.
The heavy lifting is on cutting the opposite side of the equation, and doing so from the moral high ground.
If you can't get support from the majority you're wasting everyone's time and you are stubbornly blocking any progress
Yes but its waaay more complex if you intend to be fair. But you know that.
RT @realDonaldTrump You can pay for your #TaxPlan & everything else by taking the deductions away from the tax-evading Big Corps #USA #taxes
Take back the language. Refrain from using Leftist 'Pay For' claptrap- it implies that that the money we earn belongs to the Government
RT @realDonaldTrump #WeThePeople #TaxPlan req. changes: Ind & Sm Bus Flat Tax 10% (keep all deductions); Corp. Flat Tax 15% (No Deductions).
RT @realDonaldTrump @tedcruz #WeThePeople do not want to see COHN at the podium lying to us about itemized deductions. VERY BAD. #USA #taxes
Absolutely.   Cut taxes for everyone says this middle class mom.  If mama ain't happy no one is.
RT @realDonaldTrump The #USA (DEBT problem) cannot afford a big tax cut for the wealthy & Big Globalist Corps. The RINOs are selling us out.
RT @realDonaldTrump Once again, like #FullRepeal, RINOs screw #Americans & #WeThePeople on #TaxReform & sell us out to the Big Corps #USA .
How does that help? You are not an economist.
Question.  Does it make a difference if the rich get a tax break as long the the middle class and poor receive tax breaks too? 
Cutting everyone's taxes? That sounds to much like a founding principle; equality.
GO RAND!
How can you lower taxes for working Americans without lowering taxes for the top 10% who pay 70% of all taxes?
How about cut spending first?
Yes bcause we know the 1% haven’t done better than the 99% since 2008, right?
Thank you Senator Rand Paul, the Establishment Republicans have better ideas, & ideals, & values.
Mitch McConnell used to write brilliant legislation, I know he still can. The newest version of the HEALTHCARE Bill is GOOD, do you endorse?
Corporations will be more apt to bring back money from overseas to the U.S.. McConnell used to do GREAT work, his heart isnt in it....
Trump, Ryan, aren't interested in ordinary people, they pander to the Wealthiest Americans only. The corporate Tax Plan could help .
Senator Rand Paul, the GOP' S Tax Plan will benefit the top 1%, like #45? This is the question I have. Trickle down economics doesn't work..
Keep the inheritance tax
You consistently caucus with the Dems.  Party politics is a team sport, ya know.
Rand Paul should quit and stop obstructing. Make change slowly instead of all or none.
Even when there's an unbalanced budget? Economy is chugging along just fine. There is no reason to lower taxes right now.
Perhaps we should consider cutting spending?? Just a thought. Only the government consistently spends above it’s means.
Taxes should be low and simple for all, incl the rich who will be more likely to pay them then to pay accountants and lawyers to avoid them
With the Fair Tax
Kentucky, please keep him home. Send the nation someone who will help us.
Tax reform should include Soc Security tax on those making $250k+ Widows can not live on what they recv! It is despicable!
Agreed, but whose taxes would you cut the most: those that need it most or least?
Agreed! Anyone that earns money no matter the amount deserves a tax break.
Here is Paul problem. Wants to cuf out social security. Yet keep bringing in the social security taxes.....
Democracy, even curtailed by a republican system, is a doomed form of government.
More than half the country believes its justified for the government to steal from its citizenry.  Sorry rand, but this is just idealism
and what are you planning to do with the deficit that this will create?  Cut infrastructure, Mcare, other plans?
Cut everybody's taxes! Govt, SPEND LESS.
I'm with Rand !!
But every dollar of taxes reduced should be accompanied by two dollars of spending cuts. WE ARE 20 TRILLION IN DEBT. #STOPSPENDINGNOW
The problem with that is no one wants to cut spending. You can't support illegals, free college and free medical and cut taxes.
Get something passed. Stop being an obstructionist. We voted for tax reform.
You have to cut spending too?
And cut all programs? No thank you
You need to publish ALL the details for tax reform, we need to know tax brackets & amounts
No. You shouldn’t. You suck at math.
Getting rid of the state write off is BS
Let’s do it!  @realDonaldTrump  let’s do it and sell it to the American people on prime time tv!
Yessir. Cut everyone’s taxes and everyone’s spending. Please cut spending.
10% of gross no deductions.
Vote YES on tax cuts PLEASE Senator Paul
You go, Rand Ronson! We need more of that. Keep saying beautiful things.
We should lower our debt and dependence on others
Nothing is ever perfect -
but some relief better than none.
Obamacare is hurting many-
time to act to relieve as much suffering as possible
Wrong!
Agreed
Amen.
Let's get something done!  Please....
Agreed!!!
No way Jack. A very unequal proposal. Go back to Kentucky.
Lowering taxes sounds great but when you maintain or expand spending, you get deficits. This budget predicts $1.7T debt
Senator Paul, keep fighting the fight. We, the people, see what you're doing!
President Paul 2024 love you brother God bless
I agree.  However, as you well know, the Establishment will not do anything to boost a Trump Economy or move the @realDonaldTrump Agenda
or I would like my taxes to fund the public and not just the prison industrial and war mongers.
or just rich ppl taxes because you can't stand up to special interest. Joker.
How about you lifetime politicians go get real jobs? @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews
Sounds good but we’d have to shrink government at the same time.I don’t see that happening any time soon..and should we?
#jsav Sad you could not vote for the budget. The Repubs must stick together. Can not do all at once. Must be more strategic,
MAGA
Reject fake tax reform. Pass the Fair Tax Act. Untax production and the poor. Tax wealth, not wages.
Paul,,Why are you the only no Vote?Guess well get rid of you next election!
Omg. Stop the high horsing. Crap like this makes everyone hate libertarians and eliminated any chance of them ever becoming anything
# stop obstructing# do you job.. Kentucky is a mess
Consumption will not increase with tax cuts. No added velocity.  No real growth until reconciliation; years away.
At some point, Paul is going to demand payment from Peter.  No pun intended.  Can you guess which one represents the majority of Americans?
And reduce spending by defunding Planned Parenthood and NPR
