Rand, You don't think long term. The dems passed aca w/o reading it..kept their constituents happy, got reelected. Look how bad aca is ?
And, btw Rand, when the dems win in 2018 & 2020 because of this, we will finally have single payer, socialist , health care...
repeal and don't replace 32 million people will lose insurance and the market will crash. How can you be so willing to let people die?
That is ridiculous, health care and health insurance are 2 different things, people weren't dying in the streets b4 Ocare. Stop the drama!

McConnell calling to pass the 15 defunding bill which was not a Repeal. Just trickery https://theconservativetreehouse.com/2017/07/18/senate-majority-leader-mitch-mcconnell-scraps-senate-healthcare-bill/ …
This is a must read. Thanks, Rand for living up to your promises!
REPEAL&REPLACE REPUBLICIANS who refuse to repeal!
I know you have your values and beliefs. This total lack of unity on the GOP is only going to give the power back to dems. Its just so sad.
LESS MEDDLING BY GOV THE BETTER!OBAMA WELFARE CARE is financially crippling the working middle class who pays for theNON WORKERS healthcare!
REPEAL THE DAMN THING! STOP BEING AN OBSTRUCTIONIST RAND!Talk to those woman who are resisting as well! Get w/program n then do TAX REFORM!
It's fun to watch politicians hang themselves. Thank god that you won't be re elected after this fiasco. Repeal  freaking Ocare. We'll be ok
You will never walk a mile until you take the first step. Something is better than nothing.  Did you notice you're the only one on your team
REPEAL,REPEAL,REPEAL!!! This is what "we the people" voted for. Why can't the people in Washington understand that!!!
Because Republicans are once again showing they have no idea on how to govern !!! I'm a totally ashamed Republican voter !!!
Has anyone noticed that rich Canadians come to US for medical treatment? Because they have to wait in long line for service in Canada-or not
I have always been major supporter of Rand Paul's ideas. We are being led down path to single payer socialistic health care system. O Canada
The problem with fixing crap is it is still crap at the end of the day. Start over. Better yet, get govt out of health care. Fix the roads.
no
You make no sense any time of the day.  Argorant
Shame on you for not helping the Country!
Repealing without Replacing is like taking the lifeline from a person who is dying because the lifeline is too expensive. Why not  kill him?
No
DO YOUR JOB RAND! #enough of your resisting. So over your protests.Accomplishing nothing!Work w/others n move HC along.
https://twitter.com/mitchellvii/status/887433114821287936 …
You and every Republican Senator should look in the mirror and be TOTALLY ashamed !!! I've never been so ashamed to call myself a Republican
We The People @45andwe Trust U in this healthcare stand. View Our revolt on FB https://www.facebook.com/makemediacongressandthecourtsaccountable/?view_public_for=241674803016824 … article @ U. Join Us We'll support U
We can see that the majority of GOP senators are scared. It doesn't excuse them from doing their jobs and supporting a buffoon! 
Please go and sit with Susan Collins. Its people on the two extremes that are drowning both bills. You both need to figure out a way forward
You were elected to represent the people not your pockets.
You asked for repeal. Looks like that is dead too. I admire you but none of you are working collectively for our interest. We live with ACA?
Fortunately, my Senator Mike Lee is with you. I don't claim the other Utah Senator - he's just a career politician enamored with power.
Thank you @RandPaul  Now get to work on full #Repeal
Obamacare has NOT failed Trump is killing it. Your talking points are bs and have been debunked. Stop treating us like we're stupid. If you
60 votes forces bipartisanship, something that serves all the American people, not just one party.  Russia can't help you in the Senate.
We want full repeal of the ACA. Do what the GOP has been promising for 8 years. @RandPaul @lisamurkowski @SenCapito

LEARN FROM DEMS. MAKE CHANGES A LITTLE AT A TIME. EVENTUALLY ULL GET UR WAY. U CAN'T TURN THE COUNTRY AROUND ON A DIME. ARE U BLIND!
John Mccain and Bernie Sanders are prime examples of Senators who have become wealthy selling out this country and enriching themselves
H/C bill is prime evidence why we need term limits getting rid of career Pol who are always in reelection mode and get nothing done
U have to take one slice of bread at a time. That's how the Dems do it & eventually they get their way. Are u to stupid to see that?
This article is filled with stupidities-ok,try repealing the whole Bill-It wont happen-some of it will take 60 votes to repeal! #misleading
While Ob Care isn't perfect it has helped over 20 million to obtain ins. &  life of lots of them saved. At least recognize the merits.
Well, right now, if those who r in charge would do what' ethical they would fix ObamaCare, make it better. There R many ways. GOP's hubris.
Give us names of the republicans that voted for repeal in 2015 and didn't now, we will replace them.
ThankYou Senator Paul for your 'No' vote on @SenateMajLdr McConnells bill. We conservatives voted for Full Repeal of 'ObamaCare' the ACA!
@RandPaul RAND PAUL SUCKS
Democrats win even when they are in the minority...why vote for Repubs? 20 tril debt, less personal responsibility=socialism=death of USA
True words. Thank you. REPEAL, REPEAL, REPEAL!!!  Ask these socialists if the proposed healthcare solution would work in any other mkt.. NO!
Good job Rand! Now you get NOTHING! Resign now!
I would be for repeal and replace being separated, I read your article. Can financial part of obamacare be repealed without 60 votes?
When voters out here get discouraged, Republicans will lose jobs because we will not vote for them, like 24 who voted transgender operations
A vote for nothing is a vote for obamacare! Democrats are once again, rejoicing.
Yes, because there are other ways of tweaking this once it got in and passed by The Senate. Doing nothing is a vote to keep high costs
Yes, if planned parenthood got defunded, and it began a start to the process to repeal and replace, that is much better than nothing!
#StandWithRand


Repeal it
I strongly disagree with their reasoning about the ACA, but I'm happy they are against the Senate GOP healthcare plan.
No ACA repeal.
Dumpy Corrupt Trumpy
And hopefully Rand Paul will finally admit he is a democrat and stop stealing out votes. Embarrassing
ACA is better than nothing. WTF are you doing?
If kicking million of people off their health care doing nothing or fixing Obamacare would have been much better
Hang tough Senator!!  I agree.  If this had been passed then all of the future problems would have been Republican.

Fine words, Sir, but you are but 1 Sen. in 100. When your principled stand leaves us Obamacare in perpetuity, you'll be the one to blame.
I blame gridlock on those who r more worried about getting re-elected than they are w/fulfilling 
What we voted 4 . Ran is a  true Repub! 
I don't question Sen Paul's conservatism or character, but w/o the agreement of 50 Republicans, Dems will have things all their way. (1/2)
NO!!!!! JUST GIVE US WHAT WE ASKED FOR AND PRESIDENT PROMISED...REPEAL ALL OF OBAMACARE!!! BURN IT IN A BONFIRE!  IT IS GARBAGE.
Yes!!! Full Repeal & Replace Free Market! Jobs r up, infrastructure coming! Get a job and shrink Medicaid down 2 those not able to work!
keep fighting the good fight @RandPaul you are truly one of the greatest politicians around, along with your father @RonPaul
#Hi #ImMrMeseeks #LookAtMe Full repeal of Obamacare Rand! Republicans put it on obamas desk 40+ times. Put it on Trump's desk
This is what principled leadership looks like
Dems and republicans disgust me - 8 years and they had nothing!
