will use them to create similar excuses to attack Iran. Sadly my country has become the biggest exporter of terror
No one is toppling Assad. Russia is not giving up anything over there. So are you saying we are going to war?
and not for anything that helps average Americans or Americas future.It's what we get w corrupt politicians and AIPAC
@TuckerCarlson  If Russia, China, Iran or North Korea used WMDs would America have the same response?...or just if smaller countries do it?
The only ones that are 'celebrating' this attack are ISIS rebels and Neocons. :( Trump took the bait. Didn't factcheck 1st,  just bombed.
Rand Paul being a drama queen.............
DRAMA QUEEN
This is all about the oil pipeline! We are sick of the NWO NeoCons! Tillerson = EXXON= $$$ if they take out Assad!
Blood Money!
maybe or maybe not but right now he is a baby killer.If you can assume not you can assume it is possible to get a better leader as well.
fuck that comment. Trump has tactics and balls. Something that you lost
Topple Asad 
@randpaul I'm 75, and I've a Republican all my life. Your reaction to Trump and actions is something that I can't take. I won't vote you!
So right Sen Paul! When do we learn that either ur all in the war or not in it at all!
@MrEdTrain @RandPaul The guy is gassing babies, what's worse than that?  YOU want to keep him there? STUPID! Why yer not POTUS
Who said anything about toppling Assad? I haven't seen that in the news.
They never think about that part. Please let people handle their own government. US govt stop being the world police.
We have tools for this, the UN can take charge and help them become a nation with security troops in place to keep peace.
shit we been talking about
Rand I like, yet he is wrong on this one! If you haven't noticed, God put Trump in office. He is a God of not only love, but of Justice too!
...hopefully we don't hit Assad  enough to topple him, just turn him into a more predictable and acceptable puppet.
America has been involved in toppling tyrants before, is it your way to do nothing?
Assad will topple on his own. Iran and Russia are holding him up for now. We just don't want to see kids gassed with nerve agents.
@TrumpsDisciple @RandPaul you should always have someone ready to take over that will be better for country screw up of Libya
It will be another Clinton cluster
I think we have to have strong doubts there will ever be peace in the area. Important now to push UN and NATO to get actively involved!
history says "no"
@TrumpsDisciple @RandPaul stick to health care
Don't just criticize.  Contribute to the solution.
What's your idea Mr. Paul? Other than doing nothing...OBAMA already tried that & it didn't work.
Russia will have a say in that and rightly so.
Get rid of the fear, and make the right decision!
Weenie Ran Paul
Need to stand with Kurds. Stop rebels. Create U.S. and Russian zone.
So no one here learned anything from #Iraq? Read what you are saying, it's not our job to remove and replace leaders, we weren't attacked.
you must do your supporting them!
It's not to topple Assad it's so he won't use chemical weapons on civilians again. It simply won't be worth it for Assad.
I have the same opinion. Senator Paul: you are my hero.
US is helping ISIS so maybe the next one is Baghdadi who US supports ... no need to worry for u
If we don't like them, we topple them too.   They'll get the message eventually or they'll run out of people to take over.
Comon Rand. the friggin sky ain't fallin! We have enough fire-power to make a level playing field but we didn't. If U aren't bhind DJT STHU.
Perhaps they won't gas kids.
"Democracy"
Who is talking about toppling Assad?! U r blowing this totally out of proportion.... u sound like the left....quit being so divisive!
I'm shocked with this development.. makes no sense
you do not speak for me.Stick your sçared head,back in the sand.RLP Ohio
SAME THING THAT HAPPENED IN IRAQ AND LYBIA!
Sit down#Shut up, # You are not the president, trump did what every American thinks was right. We have spoken.
Pretty sure whoever is next won’t be worse than #WarCriminal #Alleged #Ass #Ad
Yea, how are things working in Lybia?
No
Rand your a whimp and are the same fabric as obumer!
Obvious point Rand Paul makes.
Chaos like in Iraq
Libya
My thoughts exactly...
Since Syria is about pipelines from S.Arabia,Gulf,Israel to Cyprus-EU, sunni terrorists w/ Gulf money will agree fast
Please don't criticize our PRESIDENT AT THIS SENSITIVE TIME! Do you believe Obama with his red line made America strong? NO! Laughing at USA
I think that you're over reacting to the missile attack. This sends a strong message to Syria, Iran, Russia, China/N Korea, ISIS etc.
This is a fair question. Better than Al-Assad,  better than Russians,  better than ISIS? Yes to all. Will we like Rebels? No guarantees.
You need to stop WIGGING out, Senator Paul.  Innocent civilians have been getting murdered during Obama admin, message had to be sent.
Why would we fell Assad? Don't we (& Rus) need him to shepard the pipelines!?
Yeah. Like the successful "nation-building" the US achieved in Libya.
IF THE US KICKS ASSAD OUT, YOU CAN BECOME THE NEW DICTATOR RAND PAULINE
But Dr. Al-Qaida, White Helmets and activists' testimonies were proof enough to trigger Trump into that sort of madness. Disappointed.
Please tell us what the freedom caucus is  doing to enforce the chemical weapons ban. I must have missed it.
#StandWithRand
As I say & have said stay on point Donald J Trump & CONGRATULATIONS ON YOUR FIRST SHOW OF POWER next N. Korea? BOMBS AWAY
Id be interested N hearing Sen Pauls response 2 Assad using Chemical Warfare on His People Who will they use those Chems on next US Soldiers
I understand the concern, but we can't condone either.  Like I said we aren't the Savior, we are the warrior.
Nobody toppled Assad. It's just a warning shot. Can't we talk about what actually happened? Regime change has not happened.
What comes next would be a jihadi hellhole, just like Libya
But at least McCain, Clinton and the TV channels would be happy
The answer to that is NO!
Who do we trust more?  Rand Paul or Tillerson, Mattis, McMasters, Trump. Sorry Rand you lose.
we told assad over and over again no, and he kept doing it. inaction is compliance. how about we stop assad and isis?
So agree.  If we do nothing to stop this atrocity from Assad, then we need to apologize to Hitler.
Hitler wanted to rule the world.
How do you know rebels don't work for Assad? Syria needs real democracy
The devil you know versus the devil  you don't? Well Senator the devil you know like to gas and murder his people...how's that working out?
U r way ahead of these actions by trump
We aren't toppling Assad until after ISIS is removed and a coalition is formed to do it properly.

Did anybody actually read the statement?
- Rand, you may be getting ahead of yourself. What about Reagan and his strikes in Libya ? Same type deal
Aren't we in the process of toppling them now too!?
Send barack there, he'd feel at home w/his UN American swagger.
like you Rand but you are wrong on this one

Are we toppling Assad? Who said that?
Another vacuum for Jihad unless we have a plan and stay the course.
We have no friends there.
