Repeal the ACA its a failed system, the new plan won't be much better. Fix Medicaid, Medicare, the VA and get government out of healthcare
Lord we pray Your guidance, Your direction, Your wisdom & discernment over every policy that needs passing
"Nope it is you're mess you fix it, I have bigger fish to fry" God 2017 about ACA.
Maybe you spoke to them, but even if they nodded and smiled, they did not hear you.

we all know that you need to get that money from someone and it won't be the RICH . You don't care for America you care for your pocket
It has to be done right. There's no second chance. It needs to provide the coverage thst people need. No cuts to Medicaid or Medicare
Those on Medicare or Medicaid if they are able to work they should to help keep cost down by paying more on premiums. Not subsidize as much
Most don't want repeal, just improvements.
Time to repeal and we can work on replacing YOU later.  You are useless, as is your orange leader!
YOU MONSTER.
Are you kidding here? So now just take away what we have and put nothing in place. You are all so dysfunctional it will never happen
Your blind commitment to ideology ignores the damage such a route would take. You don't have votes for repeal anyways!
He's not going to listen to you or anyone else,  because he thinks he's right and everyone else is wrong. Never in history have we seen
Why don't you speak to him about his mouth? And his disgusting views about women? The issues here are legion, stop acting like he's normal.
I think you need to be replaced as well as Trump
Lol.. you live in the land of Oz.. why?  Bc He(Rand Paul) is not a redistribution of wealth bleeding heart liberal. Toughen up buttercup.
You realize this "health care bill" is a redistribution of wealth... to the wealthy- taken from services the poor, sick, and old rely on?
Welfare is redistribution of wealth!
Obamacare is not welfare!!!! Lean what it is before you can begin to have a civil discussion
The hell it's not.  The $380/month tax subsidy disagrees with you.
Please study what welfare is and compare that to the ACA. Folks get tax credits and subsidies for all sorts of reasons that aren't welfare
A subsidy is welfare.  Just like corporate tax subsidies, alt-energy subsides, and farm subsidies.
hypocrites trying to Pass a Mean Bill. Rep Liars
You simply canNOT take it all away without having something to replace it with. Work to REPAIR, you stubborn mules!
Please do, that is why we voted DJT in. I also respect how both of u can move on after the election 2 work 2gether on this. Great example! 
RAND Paul is a true Republican! Keep up your good work!
Agree completely repeal now then let's discuss whether we replace OR NOT! I vote not!!
Yes senator, repeal! We were promised a repeal when we voted last Nov. Keep that promise!!
Good morning Sir  Thank you Sir.  (R)a strong team God Bless you and God bless American 
Let's see: GOP mental midgets who've had 8 years to write a bill and failed think they can come up with something better under time pressure
I guess that's the level of care for Americans we should expect from someone named after Ayn Rand
Even Ayn relied on government in her final years. Must have been so humiliating to be proven so very wrong.
She had her money stolen from her through taxes and SS, there is nothing wrong with taking back a small.part of what was stolen from her.
"Stolen" Yes, I guess if you don't believe in democracy, the constitution and representation then yes, I guess you might call it stolen
The United States isn't a democracy. It's a constitutional republic. Plus we didn't have a income tax till 1913.
Ahh...the old "constitutional republic" shell game...well played sir...well played indeed.
Our founders feared a true democracy. Jefferson said it's nothing more than mob rule. 49% must live under the tyranny of the 51%.
Yeah, and the electoral college was supposed to save us from a president Trump. So much for their foresight.
Get an objective party to estimate the economic impact on providers, insurers, and insured of any period of limbo
You dummies have had 7 YEARS to come up with a better plan.
Dereliction of duty. You are actively harming American citizens on purpose, and people will die because of it. Fix the ACA!
Also, speaking with Trump??? We see how valuable and insightful he is. Relying on him for advice is dangerous.
And boom, negotiations come to screeching halt
That's their big surprise, they will cut healthcare for all and many will die as they take their time drafting their deathcare plan.
Nobody will be able to afford the #TrumpRyandeathcareact
No! Senator Paul, people cannot afford to lose insurance. And your smart enough to know that there will be no replacement. 1/2
Take a drive through Lexington, and you will see many homeless begging for money to get drugs, people passed out at gas stations from ODs
Repeal and allow the #FreeMarket to develop insurance policies that is consumer driven & controlled. Boot #BigBrotherOutOfMyHealthcare
Repeal without replace would be putting your ideology before the health and welfare of the public.
If you repeal now..you will have to have democrats to help new http://one.Republican  won't replace it because enough will block it.
Have you tried speaking to the 500,000 Kentuckians on ACA? Are they excited about being kicked off their insurance prior to a plan in place?
You may want to go research facts.
While that may be true, and it isn't right, hundreds of thousands more rely on it. Repealing for spite is wrong
Not spite. I voted for Donald to kill it. What I don't want is a Gov run replacement
So you are in favor of hurting vets, seniors, kids and disabled.  Got it.
Oh and perfect.  You call yourself Christian. Jesus clearly is disappointed in you.
Don't allow CONgress to get away with 
SHOW VOTES.
23 million people get their healthcare ripped away *immediately* with no clue about what to do next. Republicans are basically Supervillains
This is not true. Most of those 23million will have the choice to not have coverage. That is freedom. #healthcareisnotaright
It's NOT a choice: If if there is no way TO have healthcare, then it's not a choice at all. You don't see that?
The cbo is counting those that are no longer REQUIRED to have HC as losing HC. It's not the same.
thats not the entire total, not even close. Even one person losing is too many. Dont forget that MANY people were eager to get ACA coverage
One is too many? But more will be able to afford it, so more will get insurance. One is too many but, many lost coverage due to ACA.
way more gained than lost. it would be opposite with the Senate plan. And yes, its a spectrum. Always push toward more coverage, not less
Only if you commit to compromise that is the best that can be accomplished. Otherwise you have to be discounted as one of the two no votes
Is McConnell the one to get the Senate to move together?
Obamacare premiums equal $$$ extortion folks can't afford this is insane we need free market alternatives with lots of options
One of the reasons premiums are so high is because GOP refused to fund the risk corridors. They intentionally sabotaged it.
I don't want to be forced into government healthcare period.
Please don't sign up for Medicare when you are old and sick, honey. And don't see any docs or go to hospitals that take Medicare or Medicaid
Ouch. She will sign up. Many railing against social medicine, are not including Medicare in that kool-aid.
no replace...no replace..government DOES NOT belong in health care...period
But I guess you want them to tell a woman I can't have an abortion or make her own healthcare decisions
yes
that government being involved in criminal felony murder
You have a small brain just like Donald
actually...i have great intelligence in this small brain & @POTUS is very smart as well, makes you mad, 
Repeal. No forced health care. Stop making the poor insurance poorer.
only acceptable solution to OBAMACARE is #FullRepeal.
Keep Republican promises. 
@Heritage
What now Rand Paul?  Can we still get this done?
Yes! That's what should have been done from the beginning!
Would only say that Senate bill as is is way better than what we have and begins to allow a free market to take over central command/control
We certainly need a new health care, I pray that the Republicans can really get together on this.
What a marvel that woul be, the congress actually doing your job. Sick and tired of all the symbolic BS you people do back there
Like you guys did with Glass Steegle?
Repeal is what we voted for
That's MY plan
I love it when Republicans are willing to show they have no qualms about killing Americans for political goals. #TrumpCareKills #GOPKills
Please vote against Trumpcare and save many lives.
Please get government out of healthcare altogether and save lives!
How so?  Think Insurance companies care at all about your life?  They just want your money.
These people must not use insurance. They pay all expenses out of pocket.
Rand Paul leading the way in the Senate, thank God for him and a few others
Please UNITE  Republican Senators on this issue and get this bill passed
How about politicians & bureaucrats stay far away from anything 2 do with healthcare. Open markets & get out the way. Gov. always ruins thgs
Amen! Thank You Thank You Thank You
Idiot
Yet there are NO Republican leaders out there - explaining, promoting, backing their healthcare bills !! #hypocrites
Just do it!
Can I get your address to have my medical bills sent to you?
We need the free market. Get the Feds out of the way.
Best idea!
Repeal Repeal Repeal !! Let the free market rule !
Best idea
Thank you @RandPaul lets get this pos ACA repealed and replaced R&R. Then on to the next pool in the swamp
All this money going into the moneyhole are funds not going to economy, investments, home repair, replacement vehicles. #brakeson #economy
You must mean all the money Obama admin paid to Iran to bribe them to accept the pos nuke agreement. Possibly also the money wasted on ACA
Need an executive order requiring Congress to wear logos from the lobbyist who bought them so we can boycott their sponsors.
Healthcare should not be a for profit business.
Of course it should be, why would anyone be in it except for money? And freemarket competition most always gives us the best price
Do not repeal until a system that will not hurt the poor, elderly and disabled is ready; we are watching.
There is one ready. It's called the ACA. You're welcome.
YES REPEAL ObummerCare!! You guys should have done that on Jan 21!!
Obummercare? Can't you do better than that? Name-calling trickles down all the way from the top eh?
Trumpkins, democraps, fascists, drumpf, obummer... Happens on both sides sadly
Rand, we agree with the repeal of it, and the @SenateGOP should do it now!
Repeal Obamacare and let the free market replace it
The BEST idea!
You had me at Repeal. You lost me at Replace.
Replace maybe necessary because people have already been forced off prior insurance bc of Obamacare.  Price of ending gov program
One time PEC exclusion. Current provider cannot boot you, nor change rates based upon PEC (only re: pool increase).

Not ideal, but…
Rand Paul for head of Senate!
Lol. You had 7 years to come up with a plan and didn't.
Is that why our health outcomes are among the worst?
We've been consistently bad. Health outcomes actually improved with Ocare because people actually went to the doctor.
I hope you know what you're doing !!
We elected Pres Trump to ERASE Obama and his "legacy". Do not fail us - do your job. REPEAL NOW!  2018 coming soon!
I thought he was better than that. Well, see how he feels when he is voted out. #neon #tattoo
Real simple repeal and replace with the same insurance we provide for all of you and at an affordable price for us with less than 50k/yr.
Please just repeal. Then find ways to protect those with preexistingconds. Besides that let the market decide. Less govt intervention please
NO replacement needed. Free market is the best solution.
Let's not kill a 1/3 of the state we represent Rand generally that's not public service
Please repeal this Obamacare monstrosity before the health insurance companies are squeezed dry.
Good but its 2late those on the verge of dying still pray that they live long enough 2watch U both rott N jail.
Sen Paul keep Congress in session until the HC issue is resolved...only school kids get a recess or summer vacation..there's work to be done
The only thing needing a replacement is you
So you don't have to wait to give the rich their massive tax cuts. The plan was bad enough so instead screw all but rich. You are heartless!
No, no, no. We saw exactly how well that worked with debt ceiling and the sequester. Our communities are STILL suffering from /1
The Congress trying to motivate itself with really bad consequences. CBO says repeal then replace will be even worse than BCRA. /2
Wow.  Good idea just take away everyone's insurance and maybe give some back theirs again maybe someday???  Terrible!!!
Do it!!!? Do what you @POTUS @VP @SpeakerRyan PROMISED; REPEAL & REPLACE w/free market health INS NOT a care system. We won't vote 4 U again
Republicans own the Govt and cant pass anything. Repeal Obamacare and get the hell out of healthcare
Just repeal. Don't replace. Allow open competition.
YES! This odious socialist mess needs to be FLUSHED! #MAGA!
You can't repeal through reconciliation so how do you repeal without 60 votes to bring a repeal Bill to the floor?
YOU GO WITHOUT HEALTHCARE UNTIL IT'S VOTED ON !  SELFISH AND IMMMORAL ALL TO SERVE YOUR GOD, THE REPUBLICAN PARTY!

Yes. Repeal by sun setting Obamacare and craft a bipartisan solution in the meantime that does not provide extravagant corporate handouts.
Repeal your health insurance FIRST. #mean-spirited
You've had 7 years to come up with a plan.wht the hell were you guys doing all that time besides blowing smoke.get behind potus.stop the b.s
They have no idea what governance means & there will be no replacement, because Republicans are inept obstructionists. Mark my words.
What it is is that they are scared to do anything because of 2018..they don't realize if they had a set of balls they'd get reelected
Exactly! Just lead baby!
So how about not letting 24 million Americans die and actually discuss this with the public, after all this is for us
Your #greed @RandPaul and the #corruption of @realDonaldTrump as #Worst @POTUS was a match made in Republican Heaven & #SupplySideJesus #GOP
Dr. @RandPaul forgets his oath: First, physician...DO. NO. HARM.
I agree and get to work on taxes a not phony Russia hoax
Well do something other than damn recess and vacations
Cant believe @SenateGOP discussing how much government to keep in our  health insurance! We need fed gov completely out! Set the rules only
Someone should let your majority leader in on this. He seems to be stuck in a "better way".
Same guy who makes up own test to be certified as Doctor. Don't trust Rand Paul. He's ready to do us harm. #NoHippocraticOath
And with this, the GOP just confirmed they aren't interested in governing. Goodbye 2018 midterms, goodbye 2020 election and beyond.
That's what we've been waiting for, politicians who actually get shit done. Thank you.
REPEAL IT!!
Right on. Right on!
For how much your sale you soul to the devil...
So you get rid of health care -and then try to find a replacement?! You've only had SEVEN YEARS to do this already -AND FAILED, #NONSENSE
Can we PLEASE let the free market take over. Repeal and let the free market replace.  Let's practice what we preach.
Senator why does the legislative branch let the #Dems stand in the way of progress? We elected the majorities you need to remind leadership
Amen!!
Go for it dude go !!!! Happy 4th!!
There need to be public hearings. No behind closed-door meetings. We need to hear from patients and doctors.
You can tell ALOT about a country merely by looking at the poor --- sick --- misfortunate!!!
repeal DONT replace!!!  #repealdontreplace
amen and amen. we will call you all....promise keepers and stand by you forever!
So people would be without protections all. That makes no sense.
Please and thanks!!!
Key phrase - 'right away'!

That is the stupidest thing anyone's put forth in the history of American policy making, and I'm including all the Trump's already proposed.
Repeal and then replace those areas where there is the most need. And that means Not political pockets
Healthcare and a living wage should be free for all US citizens.
That makes most sense to get this right!
You have wonderful healthcare paid for by the taxpayers very people you are trying to disenfranchise. Shameful!
Yep. Kill the beast and start over. At least that will kill the fines. They try to break the stranglehold lobbyist have on Congress.
You had how many years to come up with something? How pathetic!
@DebieSterling @realDonaldTrump Elmer Fudd wants his voice back Senator. Stop the lies brought to DC by Trump. Impeach and replace
His agenda is going to kick them out not the POTUS . We vote again 2020 assured his win again we Love him and the agenda and we will get it
Would you like 2 pay for my healthcare between the time you obliterate my good plan with Obamacare & replace with the crap you come up with

Come on, Senator!
That's the whole point!!!
My damnedable relative shoved that crap onto us by dictatorial fiat!
You & your dad know it!
how does repealing without a replacement benefit the USA ?
Yes! You've got it, Senator! REPEAL & REPLACE!
Didn't the massacre at Bowling Green teach us anything?
liar, liar, pants on fire
Thank you.
In this democracy the media is not our only source of information. Who should have stop when you where ahead.
@4DC4USA @realDonaldTrump Does that mean tax reform will come first?
Go for it ran
Thank you for taking the lead on this we voted for REPEAL not modifications.
Because your attempts at replacing have been so successful thus far? People will DIE. Their blood is on your hands. Wise up.
@SenateGOP @SenateDems @SpeakerRyan @NancyPelosi    I believe the wealthy tax cut should be only eeduced 25-50% of what's being pushed.
I agree! Get rid of the whole dam thing! Voters will not be satisfied if parts of Odumbocare are left intact!

We want it ALL GONE!
Senator Paul, Please do not use DemocRAT method to twist words. PRESIDENT WAS ELECTED TO REPEAL AND REPLACE OBAMACARE. ELSE LOSE W/ CITIZENS
TO REPEAL WITHOUT A REPLACE WILL BE DISASTEROUS FOR GOP B/C 100% YOU'LL LOSE WITH CITIZENS,THEN WE'RE BACK TO OBAMA-CLINTON TOTALITARIAN USA
2 words. Article 25.
Since the beginning, I've been saying that Rand should be in charge of fixing Healthcare. He is a good man, a Patriot, and a Doctor. #MAGA
NOPE. U have demonstrated u cannot come up w/a workable replacement. People will die. This is immoral.
Coward!
Keep fighting for liberty brother! Gods green creation was not meant to be monopolized or taken advantage of by evil men
Get health care repelled. Americans should NOT be FORCED to buy a government product or be punished. Change it or get out !
GREAT IDEA! And if we're lucky, the rest of Congress will forget about "replacing" it and let the free market take over.
Government must get out if the health  insurance business.
There should be a way to email or tweet all Rep. Senators: REPLACE OC, DO YOUR FNG JOB. DO NOTHING ELSE, LET FREE ENTERPRISE DO THE REST.
That makes sense but don't think the Senators can comprehend. Or they don't want it that way.
Yes and call off this outrageous witch hunt as well
Mueller's Firing Squad - Lunch Alert! http://www.dickmorris.com/muellers-firing-squad-lunch-alert/ … #WitchHunt @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @FBI #Mueller @GOP
I am worried, worried you won't get enough votes for either plan.  I want it, but wanting it and getting Congress to agree - ...
Worst idea. You are a reckless maniac.
More LIES. @GOP has not intention of replacing anything. Ruse to give more $$ to the rich while KILLING the poor.

Unfortunately the GOP IS INCAPABLE OF REPLACING RIGHT AWAY. That's the real problem.
Fine, let's assume you've repealed it. Now you've got nothing but a system in disarray & getting worse even faster. Fix it. Lol. Just try...
Perfect. Make the motion and get it to a vote! Keep up the great work.
You can afford your healthcare and are not in danger of losing your policy because you have a nice gig in DC, I take it. Shame on you.
Split the bill with 2 year sunset on Obamacare.
Give up your own health insurance first. We'll replace it later.
That's completely immoral and will really hurt your constituents- how do you yoyos keep getting elected - must be KY voter fraud
THANK YOU! Repeal & let the market work for the people. More government isn't the answer. #FreedomWorks
You & your fat, low-life friend in the WH are liars. The replace phase will never happen....
They had 7+ years to come up with a plan. Any plan. They piss farted around the entire time. Why would they do anything different this time?
The bastards were too busy character-assassinating a good man because he had the insolence to be black in a White House
Repeal what and replace with what,No clear plan,No clear idea
8 years of Trump and then it will be time for Rand Paul for 8 more years!
.@RandPaul will be voted out in 2020..too bad senators get 4 years instead of 2 or he'd be out in 2018. He'll be in minority party 11/18 tho
Even worse. They get six years.
Well that's just *special* isn't it? Not sure why I thought 4. It really *should* be 4 in order to prevent them from doing prolonged damage!
