We are one of the strongest countries in the world, of course we pay more compared to those who have little to nothing.
That's the entire point...they aren't even paying that "little to nothing"...the US is funding more than our fair share...
Then let's work something out together. US relations with the UN has been damaged for years. Don't expect much now since Trump is poison
That's what Trump is trying to do...work it out. Countries like Germany and France, who both have money, should be paying their fair share.
Insulting people and shutting down trade relations is not "working it out". World relations is not an injured horse to be shot, you fix it
Stopping bad trade deals and renegotiating them in the interests of America is the answer...
Stopping and pressuring a new deal in a time crunch is not the answer, just leads to a worse deal
You must not know anything about negotiations either if that's what you think...
Get is front of that camera
And what do we get in return? The UN is not a good investment for the US.
Let us know when they show some morality dealing with us. Then it can enter the picture.
I don't believe in being suicidal.
That's not what you are doing. You are undermining our ability to fight for freedom.
That's not very democratic. The smaller countries would not be represented in a system like that. Kind of defeats the purpose.
Ok, I can agree with that.  But then you necessarily support the electoral college, yes?
Not necessarily. I don't think the electoral college in its current form is as representative as it did when it was first conceived.
As it was
Yes, necessarily.  "Not in its current form" is just a qualifier.  Only purpose for the electoral college is representation of small states.
There's something wrong when two people who were popularly elected in the last two decades don't win the presidency because of it.
By that reasoning small nations shouldnt get equal say.I disagree when it's our 50 sovereign states.Sovereignty means something or it doesnt

WTF?
Life as a rich white American male seems really hard.
you're wearing capitalism!! Haha...
What exactly is your point?
We need a repeal and replace of Congress
Should rich people get a vote proportional to how much they make or pay
@RandPaul that easy for you to say since you have the best insurance ever.  Get with @realDonaldTrump and Make America Great Again!!
That's not how it works.
Great idea or CUT WHAT WE PAY A LOT! ALL COUNTRIES MUST PAY PROPORTIONALLY OR CLOSE UN. TRUMP COULD MAKE A GREAT HOTEL THERE..LOL
Pay in respect to the return. Don't need a U.N. military force anyway. Or just get the fuck out
It's GOP plan for America. Your net worth dictates the value of your vote, regardless if you earned your station or not. Plutocratic America
A #putinbot would say that
Is that your wife #putinbot?
Funny, it seems the @GOP wants this for American voters too.
Do they realise how absurd and dangerous that sounds? So the rich should have more weigh? Its the 21st century! Do you know about democracy?
Drop out of it completely
U.N. was "OUR DEAL" though: Pres. Wilson came up w/concept of League of Nations & HQ is in New York! Will it disappear w/"American century"?
Mr Rand Paul I'm confused? Are you a republican supporting the President and the agenda of the American people? You seemed to be against lt!
Since you require pay to play in KY good to see you have some consistency.
We need to close down UN , what a joke!
Kentucky's finest.
How about just leaving the UN entirely? We don't get much benefit from them anyway.
@POTUS we, the taxpayers, have been seeing diminishing returns on our investment. Negative ROI. Time to change that!
Wrong, defeats the whole purpose of an @UN council.
Or....kick them out and ask for back rent.
I agree, but our vote should be zero, and that should match our contribution.
#obstructionist #obstructionist
#obstructionist
No, we shouldn't. See: income tax, number of votes in US.
Get out of the UN!

PAY ZERO
@RandPaul get your head out of the sand, do what your constituents elected you to do. FIX HEALTHCARE NOW! Otherwise prepare to retire.
The man is brilliant! Others muck it up, @RandPaul keeps it simple and logical.
Are we being asked to pay that much? Or are we paying that much to get that much of an influence. I think it is clear what we are doing.
Just like here where the rich get more voice than regular people
100% correct
So if I understand your reasoning, the more U pay the more votes U get, is that not buying votes, some other country could buy more than us
I agree, how abt. we set up our electoral process the same way.
Or just get out...
Pay for play politics. But irrelevant since we were one of the members who insisted on the veto power so the number of votes don't matter.
And what a great firm and straight to business address he gave.  Along with advantages to those of allies.
Lol. Because paying cash for votes is the American way. @RandPaul has been on the hill for too long
.@RandPaul on the @UN: "We pay too much and get too little in return... We should get a vote proportional to how much we pay." 
We get quite a bit for our money. U. S. commits war crimes and the U. N. never questions it.
Excellent point Senator Paul
#StandWithRand
Too many people vote to raise someone else's taxes.      The system needs an overhaul.
That's about the only thing I agree with him on
Who said the UN was supposed to be democratic? We don't elect these morons, they should have ZERO power over anyone, in any country.
We should stop paying them...PERIOD
The UN should be abolished

Read up on
UN Agenda 21
UN Agenda 2030
UN Agenda 2050
Not our call. But we should withdraw from it.
Not a J.Bolton fan but always loved this

If the U.N. secretary building in New York lost 10 stories, it wouldn’t make a bit of difference.”
Hmmm, sounds hilariously undemocratic, isn't that what the slave states originally suggested with property Rand?
yeah randy thats my nigga
waste of our money! Let another country host it and take all the haters.
Let us try that in Federal basis. The States that pay the most in taxes have corresponding weight in representation. Maybe then u shut up
"get a vote proportional to how much we pay" is exactly why our children have shitty textbooks and our corporations have bailouts.
State News finds the most Ignorant & Unintelligent comments in the world from Elitist Zealots who have no business in Government!!
Good luck with that lame suggestion.  We should contribute based on the return
The UN has been a rip off from the start. Maybe after today, it will never happen again or we will leave them.
That's lines up with his view that rich people deserve more of a voice in democracy too.
amen to that
we are not in the business of buying votes.  Withdraw support if UN doesn't fall in line.
Every Nation should pay a percentage of GDP and America should never overpay nor let Russia/China Veto any Regulation needed for the world.
can we apply that same logic to the presidential election then
That would be "#PriceGouging"--Wink-Wink. I love the way people who incur no costs for providing a product can decide what its true value is
U.S. couldn't afford to pay back what its received in return for imperialism and colonialism from the rest of the world and in own borders
Everyone that done all these terrible things are long dead. Why should we pay for their mistakes?
Well, I wouldn't expect you to understand the cost of true leadership.
Great idea!  Kind of like our president should be elected by the number of American votes cast!
Better yet, drop our $$$ to UN proportional to our vote.

Maybe I should get a few extra votes because I pay more in taxes.  NOT!
That would mean we would rule the world. @UN should be disbanded in any case. Its usefulness has been usurped by its evil. Peacekeeper rape.
Do u believe that's how it should work with us citizens too? That sounds really effed up.
#spearhead
How about we do that in America based on taxation levels?
Chuck Schumer quit being a hypocrite you Dens had no idea what you were voting for when Obama jammed it down our throat's
But not here in the USA. That would be undemocratic.
He finally said something smart 
He is using common sense n deductive reasoning. He will confuse politicians. He needs to speak to them like children 4 them to understand
Paul Tand is talking more sense than the establishment Reps Mitchell & Ryan. Senate shld consider Paul Rands agenda for healthcare.
Then vote for your PRESIDENT and get the bills thought
How about lowering our part of the scam on Americans
So, poor countries who can't afford to pay more should have less voting power than rich countries...wow!
Vote proportional to what we pay... oh, you mean like American democracy? That's what wrong with @GOP - money is their value of people.
Nope, it's what's wrong with coward socialists.. no respect for those paying your danged way.
Apply that logic to how our politicians are compensated

We should get out of the UN. And get the UN out of America
Let's do that for American taxpayers !! Do what we elected you to do!!
Cut the money off!!
How about we just withdraw and not pay.
I feel sorry for the people of Kentucky, they've already voted twice for a total moron
We should just PAY LESS, PAY 10% not 22 to 25%!!! Let the other nations step up!
@The_JamesJordan Obamacare  will survive  and the   houses will be lost. Is  that what he  promised his   constituents?
@The_JamesJordan negotiate with  their own  party to get  the best  alternative they  can  get to  Obamacare. With  Paul's position,
@The_JamesJordan want  either of  thee two  and the others who vote  with them to be  in any  office. They  do not  understand they need to
@The_JamesJordan they offer and Obamacare.  Every time he does this,  it only makes  the  survival of Obamacare more  likely. I would never
@The_JamesJordan he says he wants  and claims he promised and  what the other members of his  party offer. It is not.  It is between what
@The_JamesJordan repeal and  replace, immigration, tax reform and nominees to the  SCOTUS. Paul seems  to think the choice is between what
@The_JamesJordan party and the country. They will continue obstructing until the  party losses control of both houses and we lose Obamacare
@The_JamesJordan   It is hopeless that people like Paul and Jordan will get the point and see the damage they are doing to the Republican
Just like the voting here
while I see his point, that would set a dangerous precedence
Right and jackass Trump is going to negotiate that?  Dont think so.
Please crawl back under your rock Rand. It can be a really big rock if you want to pay for it.
Is @RandPaul aware that US has veto in SC? That not enough vote for him?
Absolutely disgusting @RandPaul
Kick "Money Pit" UN out of the United States, NOW !!!!!!!
WE don't want YOUR Agenda 21 or Agenda 2030  Shove them where the sun don't shine 
Nothing but a bunch of CROOKS with diplomatic immunity  What's in those "diplomatic " pouches & containers  Wake Up people !!!!!!
Supportive comments reveal the tragic and sudden stupidity that grips many Americans. Expected, but sad nonetheless.
Amen, love Sen. Paul he's the conscience of the Republic.
That's a terrible idea, but one lawmakers seem to implement here at home. They overwhelmingly act in the interest of the wealthy
Your greed is a deadly sin. You're kinda sloth too seeing as u do noda in congress. Gluttony seems to stick to u too? Do you confess?
I agree with this sentiment though we can't let this idea of voting as much as you pay catch on in the US. NY and CA pay WAY too much.
Oh shut up
UK in exactly SAME situation with EU basically paying for next to NOTHING.
How about not! Actually, UN should take their HQ out of USA
We, the USA, established the U.N. and are a charter member. Why should they leave?
No. That's why payment is based on GDP. It levels the playing field, so that the poorest nation is equal to the richest.
I agree with you @RandPaul     3/4 of nations involved are Muslim.   UN is not doing what it was designed to do initially.  Waste of money.
What does the religion matter? What do you think the UN was designed to do? (hint: it as to do with two consecutive world wars)
You shouldn't be able to buy influence.  Get your pussy congressman to stop paying so much
I plan on voting against every incumbent.
Useless
Russia thanks you for helping them discredit the UN their long term goal is about to be realized
USA is played by the UN.Finally a POTUS puts it out & on the line -no more pushing USA around.We need out of the UN,cost to much no returns
I feel the same way about taxes. Do I get some extra votes? Does your statement apply to other political organizations(e.g. Congress)?
Can we do that in our elections too?  Most blue states pay more than red states so yeah lets adopt that policy!
Dam, agreed to this one! Money sucked away from American tax payers
Or do something really clever and just pay what ever the average is. Why we would foot the most is totally beyond me.
A system of pay-to-play is a terrible suggestion @RandPaul
Ohhhh, can US states get the same deal?
Senator Paul. You hit is right on the nose. The UN is ineffective and EU members cannot succeed with their socialist agenda. They can't pay.
The GOP would love to run U.S. Elections that way as well . . .
Veto rights in the UN is not enough? what Rand is suggesting make the UN a pay to play scheme, logical? to win debate you just pay?
RAND PAUL : REFUSES TO ACKNOWLEDGE '16 ELECTION RESULTS : REFUSES TO SUPPORT AMERICA 1ST AGENDA : ENTRENCHED SWAMPSTER : UNAMERICAN
By the same logic..number of senators per state should be proportional to fed tax paid by state residents?
Gold is king... he who has the gold is ...
I am stumped by this man. If it's not right why haven't you helped to make it right. You are an obstructionist. No doubt. Fix it damnit!
This is exactly what the american middle class is saying about income tax.!
Rand Paul wants to take all the gov spending out of health care .And good luck to you .That has been his pitch all along
Hey Rand how about just doing the job your overpaid to do! Us taxpayers are paying way to much for nothing! How about that for proportional!
@RandPaul no we should I find and get out of UN.
"Pay out over a quarter of ncome another 9% for the privilege to purchase and another 10% necessities. Just to hear that "you don't matter"
Cuz now you have nothing left. AIN'T LIFE GRAND?
Start with America Rand or are u trying to bring the electoral college to the world stage
Putin sucks
Time for another country to host the UN.  They need to get out of here already!
That would be very bad news for NYC

By that logic, Kentucky should have even fewer electoral votes than it does.
What is Preventing it? Why are We held hostage and Extorted by teenie weenie countries? Do you need a vounteer to Evict them? I will.
What?!? Politicians are not in reality. Pay to play?
There he is. Kissing ass and trying to get back in good graces with 45.
If you do not work and pay taxes you should not get a penny back period
He's a serious hanger on. A joke to the American political establishment

If you leave us stuck with ObamaCare you are done. Elections are coming!!!!
RAND PAUL : ALL MOUTH : NO ACTION : REFUSES TO SUPPORT PRESIDENT TRUMP'S AMERICA 1ST AGENDA : SWAMPSTER : FAKE SENATOR
Yes, but u need them. They're always doing what USA  tell them to do.
They repeat what the USA  tell them to say example : before Iraq  war " said Iraq has NUC" and Assad  is SOB.
How can someone who does not work or does not pay taxes get so much back and those who work and put into it pay and pay
Same with states! The more your state pays in taxes the more Senators it should have. And the greater the proportion of electors.
You need to study the Constitution and understand why it was done like this. The Senate is the same for each state. The House does go by
Rand Paul isnt very smart.
Nope, pay the average per top 5 countries.  That should get us to about 12% from 28%. If UN doesn't like it, LEAVE.
UN already became a joke, and a toy for some countries to manipulate the world.
Rand Paul's state is a joke. It should get back the same money it puts into the federal coffers.
Stop red state welfare.
CAREER LIAR WHO HAS HIS OWN SECRETLY VOTED ON NO PAY HEALTHCARE PLAN... WAKE UP TO THEIR HYPOCRISY...
Seriously getting tired of you @RandPaul . Pass something and then keep working on it. Stop being a RINO
Sooooooo, what he's saying is that more money should equal more power---which most would agree is why this country is currently fucked.
Immigrants get about 10000 back and people who don't work get about the same in taxes back us who get it taken out and we still owe
Get the hell out of un we don't need them. Their agenda is not the same as our.
DONT forget "quality of service" proportional as well.
John Dow Public needed to remind you?
Ever since @RandPaul got into office via Kentucky, he hates and opposes ANYTHING less than perfect.  Hey Rand, newsflash: NOTHING is perfect
For once I agree with @RandPaul
Feel the same about you swamp dwellers and representation of constituents versus partisan crap
