Support the Cruz amendment! UnitedforFreedom
#Repeal if the GOP can't make up their minds at least repeal so consumers can be the architects of their own policy's. #maga
GOP just like DEMs don't want #FullRepeal because it gives us back power over our care. GOP lied about repealing ACA. They don't care either
You never had power over your own care before the ACA. You won't get care after 80 because of insurance caps. Improving #ACA is the only way
I disagree but thank you for polite discourse 
#FullRepeal of all healthcare legislation, not just ACA, with no replacement is the only outcome I support.
Health insurance is not the same as healthcare. Nobody will lose healthcare. Many will choose not to buy insurance. That's ok.
I think what u don't realize that this is not just about patients but out of control costs,an industry controlled by biz ppl instead of docs
@tedcruz apparently can't talk conservatism into these fakes @RandPaul , @LindseyGrahamSC , & @SenJohnMcCain . They should be replaced.
Any comment on your golfing buddy's son? I know how much you like to talk about emails.
How do you feel about treason, senator?
I love this idea! It must go national!
Look how white everyone is. Conservatism will die in a non white America, we have to stop this demographic transformation.
@RandPaul & @LindseyGrahamSC = Liberals who wants to change conservatives into liberals. Hope SC & KY replaces with real conservatives.
If a good health plan is to be passed McConnell, Ryan and graham have to go!!!
GOP HEALTH INSURANCE BILL COB projects 200,000 deaths and 22,000,000 plus w/o healthcare!  Down right sick!  Very Sick!
Need to quit talking about it and get it done what was promise to the American people votes will be decided on what you guys do ,Repeal
Yes, thank you Senator, pass nothing before just passing something. 
REPEAL 
Yet there are NO Republican leaders out there - explaining, promoting, backing their healthcare bills !! #hypocrites
RandPaul plz resolve differences about HealthCare Bill in Senate make US proud. Americans want something.
Senator, stop talking and starting doing.  We need results.
Get back to Washington and repeal ocare
If u don't get a Healthcare bill, its single payer. So stop trying to have everything yr way and compromise, think u prefer grandstanding
Vote for the new health care bill!!!
#REPEALOBAMACARE completely as PROMISED! NO trumpcare! #CruzAmendment! #UnitedforFreedom!

Our founding fathers did not compromise with Britain I do expect you to compromise on socialized healthcare. #fullrepeal #unitedforfreedom
Stop the stonewalling...you had 7 yrs to out together a plan..where is it
Foll repeel no replacement united for freedom
YOU ARE THE MOST HARD WORKING POLITICIAN IN WASHINGTON ASIDE FROM YOUR FATHER
You have had 8 years to fix this what the hell have you been doing . Your mouth hasn't solved one dammed problem.

@RandPaul @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @POTUS @VP @SenSchumer @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr
Healthcare Insurance Reform is easy
https://moosesmusingsweb.wordpress.com/2017/07/09/over-thinking-healthcare-insurance-reform/ …
#SenatorPaul please consider these options:
@RandPaul @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @POTUS @VP @SenSchumer @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr
Healthcare Insurance Reform is easy
https://moosesmusingsweb.wordpress.com/2017/07/09/over-thinking-healthcare-insurance-reform/ …
Vote no on the Senate bill. Listen to your own professional organization. This bill only harms Kentuckians/Americans #vote NO
Now pull together and pass something good for America. Enough feuding!!! #MAGA
GOP working toward a RUSSIA tomorrow. Using Russia money, using Russia Hacking Information. Using Russia tactics on reporters.
what are you going to do about the AMA keeping supply of doctors artificially low and med schools artificially expensive?
Everybody in the US should have equal access to health care. All the other "plans" will not work long term.
When you gonna stick up for those who need Medicaid?
Appreciate all Ur doing. But until we unwind the trillion a year increase Obama gave to welfare state, lowering taxes only drives up deficit

Most economical pool is 'Everybody'. BTW, gulags r where ppl r deprived of things, not get health ins. Mind yr terminology.
the whole system is a scam. over 200 trillion in debt worldwide.. We are literally just passing around debt with no way to pay for it
I can certainly agree with this managing a medical group for almost 7 years.
We need more preventative care and healthy living education. An unhealthy society is the #1 driver of high healthcare costs.

@RandPaul  It can be improved after passing, but there cannot be any improvements if it doesn't even pass at all!  Please, Rand, vote yes.
@RandPaul   Please just agree to pass the effing H'Care Bill already!  You may not agree w/everything, but it's better than the alternative.
Rand u people have been talking about health care for 7 years. U and Mitch can't get shit done all u do is talk about it with no results
And pose for pictures. Sorry ass excuse for leadership
#StandWithRand.  Thank You Kentucky..
How many of these deep state, paid off, self serving sycophants do we have to fire before Obamacare gets repealed?
Why can't the rest of the Senate see the benefit of this!
Let Freedom Ring, boys!
#MAGA #GetHealthyAmerica
What is #JohnPodesta doing here in Louisville?
Stupidest comment I've seen. Why should people who are successful pay your share?
didn't realie so many socialists invaded the GOP.  please insist on repeal. pass tax bill so people go to work will cut off welfare
Does Kentucky have an educational system?
Let's see how much more your little GROUP can mess up our Republican party! WHY DONT U JUST TURN DIMM!
Fail
Since Trumpcare is a billionaires tax cut, will your tax reform include healthcare?
Forget it!  It's dead!
My opinion is to conduct an experiment with groups, Group 1 plan A group 2 plan B, then make adjustments treat it like a product.
how can @SenateMajLdr keep getting elected is the state of Kentucky full of fools or what
They wrote Obamacare to line their pockets single payer will get them under control
Pass the bill Mr. Paul. All you are doing is helping your lefty friends in the DNC
I liked most of what you have said and done, yet, I'm re thinking my opinion, since your the reason we will not have Repeal and Replace...
oh randy the majority are on to your scam typical ward of the state you lose L is for LOSER randy stop the the GOP lie we do not believe
I sure wish you would replace the "snake in the swamp" speaker, your doing his job anyway. Thank you.
Hoping you got your office communications problem fixed so you can answer my question? With answers like that you'll get my vote next term!!
Enough entertaining these "know-it-all" groups. Repeal Obamacare first and then get ideas on how to improve the open and free markets.
Do it now.
Unique time such as this. Your opportunity to make a difference in our lives may not be there tomorrow. So I pray you all come together and
Your ideas are better than trump and your other @GOP colleagues. Healthcare in America needs to be accessible and affordable for everyone.
Our sufferings. We need your help and pride and stubbornness, we don't need. Compassion is what we need. Use the power given to you at such
Some compromise but it will help change for good for most of the American people then vote for it and relieve many Americans of their
Anything for the American people. You should all see and examine and be humble to each other to aim for the greater good. If it involves
Fection could be achieved nor the bill could ever please everybody. If that's your guidelines then you'll never be able to accomplish an
Repeal and replace Obamacare. You should all set aside your differences and learn also to compromise if need be.i don't ever think that per
And the people as such a time as this with a republican president, you should take this once in a lifetime opportunity to pass a bill to
We're forced to give up our insurance cos it's become so unaffordable. Most states have just one or two insurance carriers.As chosen by God
The disastrous Obamacare. My family, friends and my pastor who's earning just minimum has their premiums doubled and tripled in the last yrs
Dear Senator, writing this to you to let you know that " we the people who put you and the conservatives in office, are truly suffering from
Senator Paul. Why can we not do what you all voted on for 8 years straight? Repeal Obama Care - PERIOD!
Puke..fkr
never happen

I'd like the same plan my elected officials have.
you are hurting so many with your delay tactics
Get the government out of healthcare and out of our lives!
HOPE TO HEAR ABOUT A GOOD HEALTH PLAN FOR AMERICANS
Senator, you are the best senator this great county has. God bless you.
How many of them were lower/ middle class that can't afford health care and agree to let you make it worse?
OKH board Pres Jerry Janes sharing some info about association health insurance options  currently available through NAR.

LATEST: Russia is the chief suspect after hackers breach at least a dozen U.S. power plants https://bloom.bg/2sv5TIE  
Looks like they all been eating a big fat meal at tax payer expense like you
What can I say, people from the South like to eat!!
#FullRepeal  Freemarket
So, you're no longer considering only a full repeal?
healthcare for all.
Please get it through
When will you talk to me about mine ?
Mr. Senator loves attention and sabotaging Mr. Trump
If you hold a town hall we'll let you pose any picture you want. I have so many questions about your *robust* 2 page PDF healthcare bill
Keeping it small so that you dont have to hear the voices of those who will really bear the burden of this massive tax cut for the rich.
Rand this is too bad. My @Indivisible_KY3 group has been begging for an open town hall yet you gave time for donors #SHAME #doyourjob
Wish  rand paul would stop  acting  like a demo and quit buckiin every thing the Republican want to do.
Federal employees sure do enjoy luxury health insurance, at taxpayers expense.  What is wrong with this picture?
This will help with pre existing conditions
How many of those people in the picture will lose their healthcare under the senate deathcare plan?
Typical, all white.  ROFLMAO
You mean you discussed how you can keep Obamacare for deadbeats in your state so you can keep your job, right? Tell the truth, Rand.
Thank you for standing up for us. Please continue to insist on free market solutions!

My wife gave birth to two boys, 11 years apart. She had pre Obamacare ins. Total out of pocket expense for both, 1180.00. Free market works.
Thanks for sharing the real people you are listening to in an effort to address the complexities of health care.  You're working very hard!
Talk to your constituents, what's wrong ur scared.
Why didn't you come to western KY?
we need HSA plans that do not require minimal coverage.  Open plans at a bank, and the Health Insurance monopoly collapses! #HSA
How do you figure the monopoly collapses? Who do you think the plans are run through? The bank? Nope.
You would never meet with your disabled constituents who will be losing their Medicaid. Disgusting.
Great, now replace the ACA w something better.  Work on the deficit&debt.  Take steps to avoid passing debt on to our kids.
I see Blacks and Hispanics were not welcome.
Yes- looks like you are right.
Wait a group of people banding together and having one payment source that they all pay into as their insurance!? Communists! Throw them out
My family wants real plan to repeal/ replace Obamacare. The Senate GOP health plan is not good for everyday people. Free Market (lower cost)
The free market doesn't work in health care. 1) You don't know the price before you need the service 2) you can't shop around in emergency..
Single payer not working in every country tried. Long wait times, inefficient, government controls what you do, rationed and delayed care.
As long as you push the repeal of ACA,these photo-ops are ridiculous. Have a detailed plan to review before any repeal,then we can see!
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Center for American Progress has broken down the Senate health bill's coverage losses by state, based on the CBO: http://ampr.gs/2sibp0d  
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
To be clear, Obamacare isn't failing. @realdonaldtrump is sabotaging it. 

Obamacare sucks! My mother does not have Obamacare but it has caused her employer to raise her premiums, higher deductibles, lower quality!
Talk to Dr Josh Umber !
Repeal now- let insurers sell across state lines- let the free market work
Insurers don't want to sell across state lines, it means the have to set up shop in other states, negotiate with new providers, etc..too $$$
Disagree, a new market = more profit, I think they will make the investment
#Healthcare #openthemarket #repeal
you selfish . But youre honest at least about not caring about your fellow man. You rationalize greed via libertarian twaddle. What  crap
At least he doesn't try to pretend that he cares about others when he's really just some ass who wants others to pay for his healthcare.
so no diversity allowed?
Your a god among men. Thank you for serving our country.
Get rid of the unconstitutional penalty.
Talk about @realDonaldTrump and how #Putin put #trump into White House!! Biggest act of terrorism ever! #TrumpImpeachmentNow
Keep up the great work Senator Please convince the GOP leadership to come up with a better solution to Obamacare Could you please follow me
So glad to see discussions and arbitrations like our system is suppose to work
@RandPaul for Senate Majority Leader.
NOT
Keep up the good work...we don't need another #Obamacare prototype...#MAGA
Stop talking Dammit and pass the healthcare bill now before it is to late.
Thank you senator for including women.
Please have congress use anything the American people are forced to use.
They all ready do. What needs to happen is to remove the employer mandate--like Rand wants to do for us--so they have to pay in full
No the democrats voted themselves a exemption from the bill the last minute before it passed.
Ahh no.
I'm right check it out
You're completely wrong. If a member of congress chooses to purchase outside of the market place--they lose their Fed subsidies
LOL according to @CNN and @MSNBC and @newsweek, you GOPers do not hold townhalls or meetings like that no more.  They think protests worked.
@senatemajldr Failure is not an option. You must pass #RepealAndReplace or return to minority in 2018
I'm trying to get funding to help me take care of my service dog http://youcaring.com/forsting  please share this to help me out
That's awesome! Keep up the good work!
I love you.
