No one cares! We care about Russian connection. Investigate don't deflect! #TrumpImpeachmentParty
Tucker, get a real life. Investigate Clinton, while as Sec of State, giving Russia 20% of the US refined uranium.
Go for it.  But not that important given she's not president now.  I care about our Pres.
To say that would make you a hypocrite. If Trump was a Dem you'd say nothing here to see... Move along.
FYI Hillary was the first Democrat I have voted for and I'm 42. I could just see that Trump was insane.
if you thought Trump was insane and Clinton wasn't then you clearly cannot see the truth... They are equally crazy.
Hardly. She has a history of corruption, but no psychologist has accused her of mental instability.
Really??? She has, like Trump, been said by phycologists to be narcissistic. Research that one. You fail again.
Good! @RandPaul @RepSanfordSC @freedomcaucus Please  repeal the mandatory tax I have to pay each year for not wanting Obamacare
Research AHA tax & Justice Roberts. You'll find it unconstitutional. What did Roberts say about the tax???
work for all the people ! Not just your party! #youmustgo
lenhoff . get a real life. It's the 2 Party System that behind the mess in the US.
stop drinking that nasty kool-aid. I have a wonderful life btw :)
No koolaid here. Both parties are equally corrupt.  To you Dems are good. Stop drinking the koolaid.
Please include med malpractice reform. It's needed if we want to lower healthcare costs.
help us
Maybe you should be thinking about why you place your party above your country. Used to admire you.
I admire him more he wants to support and help us that pay high deductibles for no care
Different strokes for different folks. I prefer politicians who put country above party
that's why i voted trump obama put Iran above America do you know why he was talking to hamas in 2008?
Too busy taking away peoples insurance to worry about Russians infiltrating the White House 
get a real life. It's the 2 Party System that behind the mess in the US.
So you are pussing out on investigating Russiagate. Like UR dad, big puss at heart.
They should also investigate Clinton giving Russia 20% of the US refined uranium... Clinton ties to Russia proven.
fix what repubs sabotaged
Stop GOP pre-emptive surrender on Obamacare; repeal it now! Thank you, Paul & Sanford! Keep fighting.
get a real life. It's the 2 Party System that behind the mess in the US.
what about investigating Trump and his collusion with the Russians?
get a real life. It's the 2 Party System that behind the mess in the US.
hold the phone skippy, you can take healthcare from 30mil anytime, let's look into the white house.
Dear @RandPaul @RepSanfordSC @freedomcaucus
"Replacement"…?! Why are you feel that failed government program is must be replace by new one?
Oklahoma has an example set of free market reforms. Prices went down before AHA. Started w/ Oklahoma Surgical Center.
Until you reign in price gouging by healthcare providers, gov should stay out of insurance business.
by opening health insurance companies across state lines then Congress can regulate prices. That's the goal.
Kentucky"S eastern counties have highest rate of lung cancer in US Can you say COAL
it would be nice of the bill also incentivised more cash for care like the Surgery Center of Oklahoma
So there's a national security crisis, but your priority is to take away Americans' healthcare?
get a real life. It's the 2 Party System that behind the mess in the US.
forget that, investigate Trump...his Russian ties are more of a threat
can we talk about President replacement too? #TrumpImpeachmentParty
why don't you focus on the fact that Russia interfered in our elections--this is more pressing
The hack was not in Russia. It was in the DC beltway. Stop mass media & research it.
when will "Freedom Caucus" discuss our freedom from Russia and corrupt Republican Admin?
Your freedom Caucus is a sham just like the dark money dominionists that created and elected you.
Please initiate an independent counsel to investigate Russian influence in the White House.
Talk is cheap. #resist
please run for president
Sanford your state is so uneducated you should be ashamed to even live there Let alone represent it
Hey @Madonna remember this guy who lied & cheated on his wife & kids hated him He is representative of the Rednecks
please call for legislature ensuring the investigation of Trump's involvement with Russia @POTUS @VP
Love u Sen. Paul. Deplorable stands with u
how about doing something the people of KY care about?
you will be remembered when the mid-term elections roll around.
To summarize:
you need 2 hold press conference on acts of espionage & treason against the U.S. Protect our country.
- 1. go for it, 2. will everyone be able to get insurance & 3. Where s Tom Price?
sorry can't hear you for all of the Russia interference #cantescapeit #carefulwithrepeal
15 USC Ch1 prosecute MedicalCartel your bill attempts to legalize their financial rape of Americans.
please get moving quickly don't let us down!
I will repeal your mothers' souls from Heaven and put them in hell Jesus was a healer!!!
The world is not run by Senators from Kentucky Only the parts that resemble redneck hell are
Get @RandPaul's plan in place @POTUS, it's a good plan.
why don't you focus on the Russia issue first...
leave flynn alone the dems want to destroy america and i mean they want to destroy america
You need to investigate the Russian connections within the GOP not repeal ACA.
hope U got rid of Medicare PIM book that says what they wont pay no matter what pt dr says they need
So, you put #PartyBeforeCountry. Good to know. I guess the oath you took was to protect the R party?
NATIONAL SECURITY TRUMPS ACA ANYDAY!!
Investigate Russia leaks. C'mon man, do your job. Stop being cowardly.
Repeal!
you have a plan? Does @tedcruz know about it? Better not be "it's great, gunna fix everything" #realsolution
CARPE DIEM
@TheVoiceOfPaulR @RepSanfordSC @freedomcaucus   Please continue to work with President Trump. Don't walk away.
Americans want an answer about Russia and Trump. This is not a bipartisan issue. Do your job!
Please keep in mind that this isn't just about money, people's lives are at stake. #GovtMatters
You are putting your Party over Country. Shame on you!
If Hillary were Pres and had ties to Russia you would shut down gov to investigate.
Republicans good at sweeping edicts, totally suck at how is that actually going to work.
and just will come out of this nothing as always
THANK YOU RAND YOUR THE BEST #STANDWITHRAND NO OTHERS COMPARE!!
It's a shame that you put party over country. I have lost all respect for you. #TrumpPuppet
.@RandPaul @RepSanfordSC @freedomcaucus You could investigate EMAILS for cryssake, but NOT TREASON? SERIOUSLY?
#DoYourJob!
Can't wait to see how you cover pre existing conditions for less money than the ACA costs
Only cover pre-x now can't wait till sick to buy coverage; but solve problem of job change by association pools vs employer.
Daily Tracking: Trump w/53% approval & 45% say country headed in rt   direction, a higher level than during any wk of BHO prez
#alternativefacts Trump support is at an ALL-TIME LOW!
Sanford & his South American mistress both?  He has no credibility. @RepSanfordSC @freedomcaucus
what replacement, u dont have 1! #GOPisTheNewIsis
I'm glad someone is working on this instead of chasing conspiracy theories and soap opera drama
and you'll actually say nothing
perhaps u can expand on GOP shouldn't investigate GOP nothing like laying ur disrepect of law out there
Not sure if you heard but there's a whole "our President is a Russian traitor" thing going on.
distraction from RUSSIA
Rs must investigate Trump's links toRussian influence in election. Universal health care for all.
good job! Get'er done! Thank you.
@GOP is under pressure to fix ACA and they better get it right
Hmmm, nothing on Russia? Seriously? #WakeUp
PLEASE get them Cabinets Filled Pressure THEM ENOUGH
As a NChas resident, you will go way up in my regards if you successfully lead this through the house.
I liked your proposal to replace ObamaCare, try to talk to Donald. You might convince him 
Sounds Like Corrupt Speaker Ryan is Not Being Helpful-Tell It As It REALLY is Please
Great! George Washington replaced mercantilism and it worked out okay!

#fireall535
Time to prioritize country over party.
It should be about investigating the President's role in the Flynn and the Russians incident.
You need to address the traitors in the WH
exactly any  obama officials that leaked intel should be investigated right Soros troll?
no one will be watching.
Making healthcare available is very different from affordable. You work for America NOT insurance co.
All of America not just freeloaders.
Did you know this is America & not Europe? Free Markets should set prices! @RandPaul @RepSanfordSC @freedomcaucus
what about investigating #russia ?
So far no one has been able to live up to promise made when we gave you House, Senate and Presidency.
take your time, it's only been a month @RepSanfordSC @freedomcaucus
literally the only thing people care about right now is when you're investigating this mess
Yes, it's time the treasonous Democrats be investigated
WHY DONT YOU FOCUS ON THE POTUS AND HIS CRIMINAL BEHAVIOR.  WE DON'T CARE RIGHT NOW
