SHUT UP! no one LAUNCH WAR!!! #DramaQueen I saw Iran Complain Russia Complain Syria Complain Turkey Complain..I see "CONSERVATIVES" complain
Assad is one of the good guys. It was a perfect strike, but the Syrian Christians support Assad. No more knee jerk reactions please.
my man rand...dude prolly likes the bbc.
heh, sup Tesp...hope all is well
ryanartist after @vuduchikin mod'd his juesusfreak ass.  surely voodoo hit the pressy button in ryan's stead.  miss the bin bros super bad;)
Syria is mission impossible. Not a 'civil war', its a 'proxy war' of foreign powers.
Only Kurds & Christians aren't seeking control of Syria
Obama-Clinton-Kerry armed Islamic radical groups seeking control of Syria   :-( 
Most weapons ended in hands of ISIS.  No adult supervision
I agree, something doesn't feel right about the whole thing! Investigate before action.
Seems like trump is starting to go along with global agenda
They lied to us and made us look weak...they were supposed to have no chemical weapons..
Still no evidence that it was done by Assad, we can do more good for that government by putting them back in power and organizing them
Not sure if that would work w/Russia dug in like they are in Syria. With no lost of life, I'm sure they had advance warning of the attack.
They did have advance notice
Telling them ahead of time and having it voted on by Congress is two different things the constitution says that it must be voted onCongress
We have military actions all the time, there is a committee the Pres notifies when larger actions takes place. The only time congress has ..
Pres Trump didn't launch war! Did lyin' obama's job & ended chemical weapon genocide on humanity 4 which Syrian ppl & world are GRATEFUL!
Why didn't Rand Paul & GOP Congress under Obama Administration stop the CW genocide? You had your chance & FAILED us! THANK GOD 4 TRUMP!
Rand is bland
It was an airstrike NOT a declaration of war. It was neither unconstitutional nor illegal, he is NOT required to get congressional approval
don't launch war. PERIOD. #EndTheHawks
Congressional support should be sought.  Assad's ego will be his down fall much like Hitler's brought him down.  Keep up the great work...
Remove strongman-Assad by violence, you'll get another Iraq, Libya, Yemen, Afghanistan,(we never learn lessons of history, even yesterday's)
Remove all foreign proxies from Syria (this is a proxy way; not a civil war).
was Reagan strike against Libya a war? No.
Hey Rand,  Don't think Kentuckians want to sit out the war against terrorism. Didn't work well for Ky in 1861-65 Civil War won't work now
Not a war but a message to stop human rights violations
Trump will lose my support if he starts going along with global agenda
It was an airstrike NOT a declaration of war. It was neither unconstitutional nor illegal, he is NOT required to get congressional approval
did Obama ask for Congregational approval? When I served i don't recall Congress as being part of my chain of command
go back and tell Obama the same about Libya
#Misleading #FakeNews  Rand spews more stupid. 
We didn't launch a war. We just threw down a real "red line."
THE WAR WASN'T BEEN LAUNCHED!
OK.  Then US Congress should make a 'declaration of war' against "_________," who?  Current PC culture avoids 'truths', prefers trite labels
Sure tell the corrupt Congress your plans, cause they would never leak a secret, much less hold up action for political reasons.
I voted for Trump for pmresident not King ughh, no more hosting foreign dignitaries in FL,  ya start shit can't protect them
Why oh Lord can we not be granted a Paul for president.
War ?  Wrong
Trump/ Mr Death just lost my support. David Icke was correct once again. Trump is just another puppet only worse.
Did not take long for Trump to show his strings, worse is he did not even have to be bought.
The War Powers Resolution,1973, gives president leeway to act in emergencies. Troops cannot stay more than 90 days w/o lawmakers approval.
Thank you Senator for standing up for the Constitution. We all knew Trump would manipulate a crisis for his own agenda & low poll numbers.
And the defenseless who can't defend themselves from a sadistical tyrant.
Needs to be dealt with properly to begin restabilizing the Mid East.  I support the strike, but agree that before the inevitable land war
Was a sign of potential intent.  President Assad continues to harm his people in a Saddam Hussein & Hitler like manner.  His regime....
That said, I support the President in his best judgment in protecting those who can't defend themselves.  Sending 1K troops to Syria.....
With all due respect Mr. Senator, I disagree.  In an ideal scenario you are correct.  I respect your work and support of us Veterans.
Not war just cripple ability to gas kids
You can launch missiles at an air base without congressional approval. WAR or regime change needs approval. Big difference. Just FYI
JFK would be turning in his grave. A camel is a horse created by a committee.
That right
I don’t recall former Pres Obama requesting g approval for #Libya bombings.

Just wondering if any poisoned child or an adult give's a rats ass about what dirty US Congress filthy "politicians" approve it or not .
No, our President did the right thing.
Ended my subscription when you came out Never Trump. No regrets. Since the great WFB's demise, NR has been in a steady decline. Pity.
He's out of touch.
It's not war, it's a military strike and warning, we've done plenty of them since the war in Iraq. Russia was given advanced notice of this.
Agreed but ugh. Congress cant even get it together on hcp. Sort of scared of partisanship & war votes. You know?
Nah, he'll just nuke them. After all, what's the point of a nuclear football if you can't lob a touchdown or two?
@KatTimpf @RandPaul Too late.
this isnt war. Trump should follow this action up with request for provisional authority for further actions
congress never NEVER never gets anything done
...and it's another illegal war.
Too late, @POTUS has launched missle's against Assad without proof that Assad is behind chem attack. Impeach the retard in charge before ww3
Well, we did. So what's the plan now. Only Congress has the authority to declare war
Guess he didn't listen
This is another False Flag. Assad didn't do it. Gas attack was set up by John McCain. His war agenda.
#FalseFlag #MilitaryIndustrialComplex
No more wars we don't need another war PLEASE!
Trump and and the Republicans are dead to me if they try anything in Syria. NOT OUR WAR. I will NOT support Trump if he involves us in Syria
If we do take action We better be right. Leaving another unstable country is big trouble. Just look at the change in Europe.
#US action is #ILLEGAL end of story
This is how you cover that ass
Repeal the War Powers Act!  It unconstitutionally transfers Congressional power to a solitary President. The House declares war, not a Prez!
Approval suggests that the president should be the one initiating. Rather, Congress should, if necessary, declare the war.
@realDonaldTrump Let's use the rules in that Constitution thing... Take it to congress!!!
@dbongino @RandPaul I want to change my primary vote last year to Rand Paul
Will Congress hold @realDonaldTrump accountable if he acts unilaterally? I really am not sure.
The trouble is Trump doesn't want info leaked and it prob would be. He can't trust everyone in congress. We already know that.
FORGETABOUTIT Rule #1 don't get involved in an Asian or ME land war. Sorry for the people. It is a tar MF baby FORGETABOUTIT
Stay out of Syria or the fundamental Muslims will take over just like Libya
What and wait for you guys to get your act together?
can we actually abide by the law which states congressional approval is needed to declare war? 8 years ignoring constitution was enough. 
Thats right.
Thank you #RandPaul for being the sound of reason in Congress.
50 days Draft Dodger in Chief wants to start war with Assad. Guess he shouldn't have softened Obama Syria policy? Another Yemen like coming?
#fool just take him out
I agree, it's better to have congress look at all the intel on this and then base decision on real facts. 2 many in congress WANT 2 go 2 war
THIS COUNTRY DOES NOT NEED ANOTHER undeclared War We have lost every war since the DECLARED WAR WWII
The warmonger magazine that dedicated a whole issue to bashing our @POTUS wants our warmonger congress to vote on war.
Prayers Syria children
Investigate before taking action.  We don't need another war.  Take care of America first!
Launch war on Al Sharpton to pay his taxes
Big mistake going to war with Syria we have no business being there our American soldiers don't need to die for the Middle East.
apologies, sen... Think I should have voted for u - apologies 
The more I hear from Rand Paul, the more I like him. Who is trying to suck us into further involvement in Syria?  Measure twice, cut once
is siria a threath to us? No!!! what war do you want to approve???
Replacing Assad with Al Qaeda and Friends is an absolutely horrible idea.  We've made this mistake far too many times.
The Prez said he's not saying what he's doing either way. The #MSM is preparing for war though...LOL. We'll see. #PoliticalChess RIP #MSM
@dbongino @RandPaul There's already a War in Syria. My question is: "Where did Syria get chemical weapons?" I thought they were banned.
Agree 100% !
This event happened when Trump being visited by Egyptian and Jordanian leaders. McCain airs just before. Deep State.
I don't think they will wage war!
which is one reason why Obama stood down. Lukewarm congressional support.
Warmonger votes not valid. Send them on a vacation with their buddy Soros to Obama's retreat.
Assad is a total douchenozzle, but if we don't have an idea of what will replace him then we should not risk our blood and treasure.
I hope @realDonaldTrump @POTUS listens,this "gas attack" is obviously a false flag again.I blame McCain,bet he instructed his ISIS to do it.
Rand Paul is right no war with Syria without Congressional Approval
@dbongino @RandPaul I think Trump may well get things done without setting a boot on the ground.
Could trump oust Ryan has speaker in place of rand Paul
I learned a long time ago to never second guess Trump.
If Congress doesn't declare, McCain is running a false flag. He is deeply involved for Soros pipeline. Human deaths don't matter to him
#StandWithRand
NO war!
We should send Graham and McCain there.
Right. We're only allowed to do military actions in Libya without Congressional approval.
don't launch war in Syria period #syriahoax
You mean like Korea, Vietnam, Iraq ..?
Don't go to war at all is a better solution!! #NOWAR
: Agree..!
That way we can ask the Russians under Int'l rules of war to step aside.. Kinda like when u mine enemy ports
Do Not   Drone or  put boots on the ground in Syria  this is a No No!  Do Not support  terror groups
Need to get politicians out of micro management.
Don't fall for it.
absolutely. That track lead to this mess in the first place
However, with the hatred of the Democrats, they will resist anything the Trump Admin. The Dems resists any action, even to save the world
Bravo, Sen. Paul! May POTUS listen to you and his own promises ! No bombing !
GOD BLESS YOU SENATOR PAUL!
Asking Congress first would be a mistake, there's a good reason the president can do it up front and Congress can't stop it, we need suprise
Keep the US out of wars defending people that HATE us. Save the Christians and my tax money.
He's right. Congress should be involved in this process. We had 8 years of one man making all the decisions. Let's let the government GOVERN
they are unable to govern a toilet much less all who pay their damn salary 
I stand with @RandPaul
People change their deeply held convictions weekly these days.
War? Who is contemplating war, precisely? Does the term now mean any and all military action?
Trump will set it up with Congress to turn down his request to bomb Syria 
Then he doesn't have to answer to his BBF Putin.
I really had faith in trump but very disappointed he could fall for this plot by terrorists who planned this chemical event. Lord forgive us

Thanks Rand, am very disappointed by trump, let him know that assad is protecting Christians and minorities in Syria
@POTUS For the love of God ---review all and obtaine congressional approval. The world does not need war. Something not feeling 100% here.
How many Trump haters would love to get him super distracted in a War against Syria. America First.....we cannot be the worlds policeman.
@realDonaldTrump Trump, you do not buy real estate without carefully going in plus having an exit strategy. Should be the same for war.
it is sad but if they have been teaching their children to hate America and Americans...stay away. Smash ISIS...SHOCK & AWE/ PROTECT ISRAEL.
Much of the world would love another war.  We cannot police them or proxy all their wars, then rebuild the ruins.
Radical Islam Muslims Terrorists were on there last leg so
They gassed themselves blamed it on Assad
Bomb enemys ASSAD & PUTIN are allies
We need to investigate first. Could be ISIS set-up trap so they can take over country like Lybia? ??
agreed.  btw, obama did the same thing and GOP controlled congress didn't address..
Rand isn't right very often, but he's right about this.....
Rand is more right than anyone in the GOP
Don't war at all why is America involved with any ME war ? Like Africa it never stops or ever will ! No foreign entanglements ! Just Trade
But they are at war with us.
Then bomb them and the entire population back to nothing and leave them in the ruble ! That is war , not sending a police action or rebuild
We don't want war PERIOD!!!! Its Trumps diversion from Russiagate. It's all about him and not us or you! Wake up GOP!!!!
Assad is to blame. Maybe US can get diplomacy to work. If UN can't rid world of nerve gassing dictator, it is useless
Trump said let the Syrians decide who should run their country,peace talks were making out,“It looks like,somebody didn’t like that. Soooooo
lol. @RandPaul retweeted that @RandPaul is Right.  what a guy!
You mean the approval Obama Got is not enough? We've been at war since 9/11...
What's your beef against Alawites, Druze and Christians in Syria? We've never been at war with them.
They said a collation effort, it won't be a solo order
Just a few sidewinders 2 get Assad's attention. Or maybe a Tomahawk or 2.
