HSA's are only good if you have money to throw at them. What idiocy.
You mean the money we are throwing at ACA right now
you have to remember, Congress doesn't care about your health care, they exempted themselves....
Laws are passed based upon being re-elected regardless of the good or bad for America
Like allowing the mentally ill access to firearms. Brilliance in the making.
The law put restrictions on all handicapped people not just mental. bad law
You do realize that people who can't afford health insurance also can't afford HSAs. Right?
Repeal ACA and you will be able to afford HSA
Someday you should meet somebody who works full time and can't afford health insurance without ACA.
I work full time and cant afford insurance because of ACA but could afford before
It needs to be improved - 7 yrs of repeal effort, 0 yrs of improvement effort. But HSA not solution.
any time Gov. Is evolved  the price will go up
Rand… HSA accounts will never be a good solution when health care costs so much…. Nobody can save enough in HSA for care.
It works great for the wealthy isn't that the goal
HSA's are great for everyone, Repeal ACA and cost come down
and Pray it is enough to cover.  It just doesn't work.  Do the math
The best health care plan is to leave the middle class and wealthy taxes as is. Put 10% of that into Medicare for all.
So you Universal Gov healthcare? Have you ever dealt with medicare/caid?
I'm on medicare, but my idea is to combine HHS and Medicare under one insurance for all. Mr Price is a Doctor
yes inexpensive insurance that never covers anything! What a con job.
what about people who can't afford insurance? Lack of empathy shown by middle class is shocking
as long as they have healthcare they wont care..as long as they dont have to pay full price they havent a clue
Is it ok to let these people die purely because they are poor?
News flash.  People die whether they have good insurance or not.  Everyone dies.
newsflash they have cures and treatments for diseases to let someone die for profit is morally wrong
Forcing someone to pay for your health care by threat of imprisonment is also morally wrong.
it was a monetary fine, not jail..and imo is no different then being forced to have car insurance
don't pay your taxes go to jail.  You have NO right to my goods or services.  I don't drive.
I remember when Obama met in Private w/ Insurance Companies. I knew something would go haywire then.
like HSA will work for the 22 million who are insured because of Obamacare! Are you in touch with reality?
HSA's suck!!
HSAs are no use of you can't afford to save!!  More repub healthcare only for the rich!
it benefits insurance companies and nobody else. You are a doctor, you should know better
YOU KNOW WHERE HELL IS!!?? -- GO THERE!! 
Please keep fighting for total Obamacare Repeal,  Group insurance, small clinics, sliding scale payment work. Free market
#liked your idea from beginning except for pre-existing as a nurse I see what happened to health care
- I wa t to know why we can do some thing with sliding scale. Why can health care not be provided based on income?
it is at PP. but Republicans want to do away w/ that too.
- Nothing they come up with is going to swallow these in and of its self. Drive cost down.
Planned Parenthood is sliding scale.
RandPaul, and AllOtherRepublicansDontCareAboutYou.
- I don't think that at all. I think they have a realistic view, knowing no 1 solition will work.
expanding HSAs is just a play on words to make us think they have a plan.  HSA $ comes out of our pockets.
It legalizes the sale of crappy insurance and expands HSAs that poor cannot contibute
@Zaerr4Wash @RandPaul how?
Section 1333 of the ACA allows for across state lines sales 
http://www.usnews.com/news/articles/2016/01/06/an-obamacare-provision-even-republicans-can-love …
So translation it legalizes cheap chit because you can already do the other
Where is it?  We r waiting.
http://ln.is/www.paul.senate.gov/SiNPu …
Very simple.  What about children to age 26 and will this open up the market for more plan availability?
It is to go across state lines and larger pools to drive prices down. IMHO 26 year olds are NOT children
IMHO, going across state lines won't do jackshit!
Yes sir U are so right Thank U hope when Trump is done U run for Potus 
Cheap insurance will have CAPS!!  Excludes DXs  People will die!
count premiums towards deductibles, REGULATE pharmaceutical pricing, open insurance across state lines for comp. rates
how many low income, or minimum wage employees will be covered and how much. Avg minimum wage is $9.00 avg, rent $600
Sen Paul keep up the fight. Socialized medicine is socialized medicine whether DNC or GOP
if his mouth is moving, he's lying.
won't work
Sounds like you're on the right track. Prevention & holistic Healthcare! Americans are too unhealthy. Drugs, drugs,drugs.
@SenSanders We don't need Cheap insurance we need Single Payer Universal coverage.
Our taxes pay education,police,fire,national security.roads,etc. Why not healthcare?Without health nothing else matters.
"Having Trump in the White House is like having a puppy; you have to forgive it when it pisses on the Constitution." 
why oh why does everyone have to have insurance? If better jobs offered paid insurance, wouldn't that help?
People in lower income brackets do need tax write offs. HSA useless if no money to save for health acct
the billing model needs to change as well, no charging 4 activity, fees should based on results, up front pricing
How about you investigate THIS!!! #russiagate #TreasonousTrump
Even w/ amazing insurance, our family uses all $6000 of our HSA.  It's not the answer. One hospitalization, it's gone.
@PolitiBunny @RandPaul it also, for some reason  exempts health care companies from the antitrust law they've flouted for years.
HSA are a joke for people working multiple jobs in a tough situation. Public concerns don't always need private solutions
What kind of coverage do do members of Senate and Congress have.  Show us their summary of benefits. We pay it!
But exempts healthcare industry from Fed antitrust laws!! Why???
hey fox news if you want half the reason Obama didn't work check out the salaries and perks insurance CEO'S make
do your Job and protect us from TRAITORS !
it's not legal to sell inexpensive insurance now? I call bs on that.
yes.....good
Any healthcare reform needs to also apply to Congress. Whatever you foist on the citizens also needs to affect YOU.
its crap we dont want it
HSA's do not work and you know it, you offer nothing, its crap.
another one in Trump's hip pocket who'll kiss anything to promote his agenda with FakeNews network
Party politics at its worst - Investigate!!!
Sounds good. Make sure u repeal ALL of Obamacare. Leave NO legacy.  We are WATCHING & waiting!
Thanks for your leadership regarding the repeal and replace of Obamacare. Tks also to the Freedom Caucus. Get here done
whoa, he may be a Pres. Candidate in 8 years, watch out Repubicans!
remove the use it or loose it aspect and everyone will love Healthcare savings accounts, also standardize expense reports
why not just keep the federal government OUT of healthcare
you idiots have had years to present a plan but you've done zip. Don't trust you to do a damned thing
I stand with Rand!
Yay because party before country seems to be the Norm
Millions owe OBAMAFINES under the dumb Obamacare rules. Shout it every day! Take away a tax refund & O-care will be hated
Kill O'care by enforcing the OBAMAFINES that millions owe and call them OBAMAFINES Then tell how ur plan stops OBAMAFINES
do you advocate a president who works for Russia?
Most Americans are not wealthy politicians/Wall Street buddies and cannot afford Health Savings Accounts.
which means we will still have to bail people out.  Irresponsible.
This guy also had many years to come up with a better solution. He is getting on my nerves!  Anyone got a cure for that?
#StandWithRand
http://m.dailykos.com/stories/1633784 
who wants health savings accounts Rand. We pay premiums we want the insurance companies to pay when we get sick @ddale8
What your saying is it removes the tax penalty for buying a substandard plan.  In WA it's possible to buy these plans now
.. The Trumps have huge financial interests with Russian oligarchs. The Senate MUST investigate.
Repub's believe in Capitalism where hard work gets rewarded. Dem's believe Communism where hard work pays for free loader
And how do you know people will A) save money, B) use it solely for healthcare tickets? Weak.
I want what Congress has.  Oh, and you can take the damn exemption from antitrust out!
Most importantly it removes taxes on the rich and makes the poor pay for health care themselves.
HSA are great tool for buying lower cost insurance and having money for copays. Of cousre need other options free loaders
.@FoxNews @RandPaul Republicans will never occupy the moral high ground again. What goes around comes around.
uh yeah sure it does. Sorry but ya really don't understand what we want.
As long as premiums go down so I NO longer subsidize others healthcare. #FullRepeal #FreeMarket #HealthcareIsNORight
when they can't pay, you already pay.  You think businesses let that go? No they pass it on to all customers.
And they are doing away with pre-existing conditions protection. Saying it's up to the states Major cause bankruptcy
A dead middle class is better than no middle class at all, right?
It allows cheap policies that don't cover SHIT
@Chieftain_16 @CloydRivers it allows for catastrophic coverage that the young health need and can afford.
They have that with the ACA and they hate it.
how about legalizing the sale of inexpensive prescriptions!!
lets have your insurance plan.
full of shit! Expensive insurance should be illegal. Way to try to divert. #resist
after all this time the R's should have had this mapped out. Get it together and step up to the Trump pace & work ethic
Weekly vacations, lies, corruption, treason? They need to investigate.
get rid of the leeches at every layer of everything in America......
Start with politicians and the upper class for once
Stand talk for the America people and call these folks out. Better to stand for what's right than to just rollover.
do you have health insurance? I want what u have!
If inexpensive doesn't mean inadequate then you should be open to having your family covered by your plan.
as long as you and your family sign up for same plan. #makecongresssickagain
Senator, that is not good enough. Please expand medicare instead.
inexpensive health insurance with high cost out of pocket and/or deductibles You may as well not have coverage.
I don't want a damn HSA, and I expect women's healthcare to be covered. Healthy mothers make healthy kids.
But you are okay with theft and forcing someone else to pay for it right?
a man who should be listened too.
Fuck no
remove ALL gov. involvement from health care system, period! Bring initiatives to promote more Dr's., Nurses, Clinics!
who the hell wants cheap insurance that doesn't cover anything that's just dumb
. Health savings accounts are a joke. Few even have savings, much less HSAs. Try again
..inexpensive insurance will cover nothing. Waste of money.
It's the grossest propaganda that we can't pay all the bills due at Obamacare and start a new program at the same time!
does anyone have an outline of proposed new program?
Obama was playing chess, while everyone else was playing checkers. You can't get rid of the ACA. #Obamacare4ever
I rarely agree with Rand Paul, but what he said in this interview makes allot of sense
Is it true 9 Trillion missing from us Treasury or Federal Reserve.  ?????
HSA are great.  Better than a plan w/ high deductibles
Wrong
Oh no inexpensive insurance.....
total REPEL, Not half way Rep Ryan!
What is your solution for us?
Health savings accounts don't help the unemployed, under employed or those on disability which is quite a few of us. ....
There's probably a lesson there.
Taking down state line restrictions?
Get a united delivery of the plan - stop running out of meetings and grabbing the cameras
HSA's screwed me before Obamacare was ever thought of.
- Inexpensive often means unequal, worthless. Which is what ACA was to us. Lets move on, next idea.
inexpensive insurance isn't illegal..?
"inexpensive"= basically useless.
bull-shit, unfortunately you jerk-offs don't seems to match the obamacare plan so you try to sell us this crap!
HSA's are a bogus solution.There are too many restrictions on how and when the money can be used.
this law would change that. http://ln.is/www.paul.senate.gov/Y5MQs …
Looks good. I have to wonder how useful they would be to lower income folks who may not have money though.
if I'm not mistaken those that are already in that lower bracket would remain on Medicaid/no cost
Well, it's a step in the right direction. I support the intent of Obamacare but it's really messy right now
I feel the same way
personally a stupid approach these accounts for saving!!
inexpensive insurance is NOT insurance. It's an income stream for Ins. Co's who plan to screw you over.
@SpeakerRyan @POTUS   Rand Paul's plan is the best replacement plan and should be acted on immediately We're waiting
VERN FONK, SAYS IT LOOKS GREAT!!
To all newly insured Americans we have a "better way". No affordable insurance, but TERRIFIC new tax avoidance accounts for the 1%!
It gets rid of Pre-existing Conditions which WILL KILL THOUSANDS. Pubic  Head @RandPaul & @FoxNews lie for #Putin #RESIST
try again http://ln.is/www.paul.senate.gov/47HqJ …
So you can buy a catastrophic plan with even higher deductibles and less coverage. Guess who gets stuck with the bills
as usual
Not many ppl know this... Drugs stores are getting ripped off between parmacutical cost and approved OC apprvd amounts?
How does it "legalize" the sale of inexpensive insurance? So before it was not legal to sell inexpensive insurance!?
we don't need insurance, get insurance out of the way, citizens have a right to health care
I agree, it's that part about the providers working for free that's unsettling.
HSA Health savings accounts not allowed unless  tied to a high deductible health plan. Still giving  high deductibles
.. Health savings accounts follow flexible spending accounts, cannot buy over-the-counter vitamins or weight loss produc
we should start by downgrading the insurance of politicians down to an average american, let's see how fast they act
so health insurance that covers nothing. Mini med plans were all profit to insurance companies.
HSA's and healthcare tax cuts disproportionately help the rich/penalize the middle class, seniors and the poor...
I read that your proposed bill would legalize price-fixing and collusion in the medical industry https://market-ticker.org/akcs-www?post=231812 …
If Company A charges > Company B, it's gouging. If A < B, it's predatory. If A = B it's price-fixing.
health saving accounts will not work they are for the rich less than 50% put money 401k this is joke for health insurance
Wait... inexpensive insurance is currently illegal?
Yes
health savings account tax shelter If u can't afford to pay 4 healthcare how can u put money into health savings account
So far, Obama Care has just been a money give-away to the healthcare industry--we get very little benefit for our money.
Kinda happens like that when you gotta buy stuff you don't want.
single payer.  Public option.  Transportability.   Make it better, but you can't repeal w/o replacement.  Lives at stake.
inexpensive = ineffective with high co-pays. Only the Insurance company gains. Healthcare suffers!
and what exactly do we have now then?
HSA accts work only if disposable income. Won't cover costs Healthcare either
Keep up the good work
.@FoxNews @RandPaul HSA's are great I used mine to pay the copay's and deductibles for my insurance then I lost mine to Ocare..
ACA provided for HSA.  Smell un-truthiness here.
