let's hear it then
look at the link in his tweet
I meant why hasn't it been addressed by anyone else
it has. There is large R support but there are some Politicians wavering
large support...you mean by the GOP? That doesn't mean anything
Repeal will be difficult but if it happens Rands bill will pass easily w/ bipartisan support like D should have done
why should Dems make anything easy for them when they treated them the same way during O admin?
they won't make repeal easy but the replacement is a bill with compromise and reason.
that's all Nobel you wanting your healthcare plan, but Pls compromise on healthcare so you folks can move to taxes.
The "2 year open enrollment" is just a band-aid. What happens after that?
For us with PEC, this is just going back to the previous system. I couldn't get coverage then.
A lot of people like ACA. Most of us are disenfranchised by the 1%. Y'all really hate us poor folk making y'all rich. Go figure!
I agree with you..no tax credits for buying it..just let me get what I want & my husband doesn't need maternity care
No Forced plans or penalties!!! Just leave me alone!
brilliant! Mmmmm.....my health care needs are nothing is covered and it's only $600 a month. Sign me up! #public option
Replace your HSA with an HFA to avoid criticism it is a tax shelter for the rich
I've been in Healthcare insurance industry since 1985 and we had huge selection of carriers an plans dirt cheap! Let's get it done
They didn't want your plan
I REALLY wish you were our VP. I sincerely hope you run for @POTUS in 2024.
@Mike_Beacham get it Rand...your the man
healthy people will sign up if allowed to purchase inexpensive policies for emergencies only. I would.
hahaha....Keep dreaming. Emergency healthcare is insanely high.
what are you talking about? I used to have it; it's cheap & ideal for those who prefer to pay OOP for routine care
@McConnellPress No need to repeal and replace.  Just fix current legislation.
. No to keep radical left wing extermist ACA it must repealed and replaced end of discussion period it going to be repealed!
Respectfully disagree. This is not a left extremist problem.  It is working in some states. It needs fixed.
sorry do not have right force people to buy stuff they don't want. That is American!!! Sorry American like free will.
Does it mandate Biz to give insurance when employees meet the 120 hrs? Is the IRS running the HealthCare? @170hrs?@NJConteJr
Keep fighting the good fight!  The government has no place in healthcare.  We the people can't afford it. #FullRepeal
@PRyan

Do we buy cars w/o knowing costs?
Do we have to buy car ins thru an employer?
Then why are these true w/ health care?
@landsend99 quit talking about it and Get R Done already
then PLEASE, do it. We want it...yesterday.
then post the plan
@POTUS @VP @RandPaul @SpeakerRyan Step1: Please COMPLETELY REPEAL OCare NOW w/votes U have. Step2: Please work 2REPLACE Ocare ASAP
Repeal ObamaCare!!!
how ???
@SpeakerRyan @McConnellPress you promised in 2010, 2014, do it now, or face defeat 2018 and 2020
Why aren’t you proposing to move employer coverage to the individual as well? That’s the real replacement we need.
no, you don't
https://www.paul.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/ObamacareReplacementActSections.pdf …
my bad. He has a plan that works only in imaginary land.
The ACA has not fixed the fundamental problem; out of control healthcare and insurance costs.
how would Rand Pauls proposal fix the fundamental problems?
Levels the tax code which currently unfairly favors group employer insurance and creates markets to lower costs.
so leveling the tax code stops medical  and scripts from exponentially growing in cost? That's what you think?
Your 'S. 222, the Obamacare Replacement Act' title is a shameful pandering. Amend the #ACA. #JointAddress
with solutions that ensure the insurance companies profit off of providing little to no coverage for their customers.
met with trump to discuss his plan @TylerVGBassett
@PRyan

We need complete...
UPFRONT cost transparency of med procedures,
CHOICE of involving an insurance claim (aflac style)
please don't forgot all the small businesses and individuals that don't get insurance through their companies. Can't afford Ocare
@Trump_World why are they not going with your plan???????
#StandWithRand
and guaranteed coverage for some 20 million Americans?
I thought Trump address last night was for Obamacare-light.
Does Steve B realize what health care cost working people in Kentucky. His is free I am sure, like yours is. #Needstobeaffordable
.@RandPaul You're missing policy that ends employer provision is essential - missing link in cure - group to individual ownership shift
A plan to get rid of illegal collusion, price fixing, anti-competitive and deceptive practices in health system?
better health care for who? Ppl who can already afford it and with no preexisting conditions?
Please tell us the plan. I believe you do have the answers.
Senator. Why do the people who employ you, pay your healthcare costs not deserve the same care that you receive?
@RobinEnochs Will someone finally put these insurance companies in their place.
Explain how ur plan covers preexisting condition w/o compromised no-solutions such as risk pools->we will be all ears #SinglePayer
I hope your plan moves forward
#NotImpressed
2yr OpenEnrollment=/=PreextProtection.
$30k p/y earners NEVER reach HSA t/h.
LifetimeCapsReturn
#SaveACA
#Fightfor15
too bad no one is listening.
You do???  . Show it to us big boy.
I have a pre-existing condition. Even with a good job, I cannot afford to even start an HSA. Come on, now.
well, let's hear it!
#FullRepeal #RepealAndReplace #Jointsession how does your plan including associations line up with what POTUS said tonight?
After all these years of talk, why should we believe you?
if anyone can, it's you.
start by pulling the failure of Obamacare!  @POTUS
how many will have no insurance, what coverage will people be able to afford
no your proposed plan benefits the rich & penalizes those Americans that need access to healthcare insurance & healthcare
No it does not the left wing extermist plan push by Obama befit the rich and hurt those americans who need it
Make it so! Stop the theft of our freedom and treasure by commucrats, I mean democrats in congress!
I bet it involves some magic beans that someone sold you
is there anywhere were we can read about your replacement plan?
not a tax?
To borrow from Nike, JUST DO IT!
#Trumprussia
Pre-existing must be federal, but not Obamacare!  States let HIV people die! No ins cost is $2,500 or month!
stingy democrats
You only have shown yourself to be self serving! You all have had years to come up with something and you have nothing!
The 8 years of race bating, division and hate are over. 8 years of apathy are gone.
seriously? Anti Semetic crimes at an all time high! People killed because they look Muslim. 44&1/4  's division
you have 8 years. Nothing. How about single payer? Or your package you get. We will remember come election.
@creativebond people just like SS will not save unless forced so health savings accounts will not work
Your 'S. 222, the Obamacare Replacement Act' title is a shameful pandering. Amend the #ACA.
We all (#Americans) have a plan too, Dr. Paul @RandPaul  But #Obamacare if fixed will work for everyone.#RepealAndReplace #Jointsession
I have heard the the Senate is keep the Senators health plan buried in the Senate time to let the public see
you republican better get rid of Obamacare.
Thank you!  God bless you & all 3 branches!!
it's the Affordable Care Act. Obamacare is a fictitious term Republicans use to feed hatred of a black president.
First Obama policies where radical left wing extermist and can say because vote in 2008 and strong dislike policies
Thank you for putting your plan out there for all to read and review.
I have an HSA plan. I pay all healthcare costs out of pocket or HSA until I meet deductible.  Where do the poor get $ to do this?
Wow, that sounds easy.  So easy that's not likely to benefit those on ACA now
You are another liar. Insurance does not provide health care. Stop acting like it does. Your bullshit won't reduce costs. #ACA
I'll believe it when GOP stops ralking abt a plan and STARTS TELLING IS ABOUT THIS PLAN!!!
Is anyone listening to you?
https://market-ticker.org/akcs-www?post=231866 …
let's do it
please promote it!!  From one doc to another.
If it's your plan it must be 
Keep fighting the good fight!  I only wish you or your father could've been president.
And leaving ill patients twisting in the wind.
anndddd....where is it? Saying it and it being true are two different things...ask @realDonaldTrump
#HSA equal emergency room health care. Which is what brought about Obamacare in the first place. Next lie @RandPaul?
#saveACA help people with cancer
The proverbial smoke, being blown up our collective asses.
cool  getter done!!
time to put up or shut up
work with the president to make it happen
keep fighting pull everyone together I like your plan!
#JointAddress #IllegitimatePrezIsAJoke #RepairACA
access is not health care if people can't afford it! Give up your health care that I pay for, you hypocrite!
I'll believe it when I see it
crossing state lines, getting govt mandates out of the way.  I am with you on the plan
@ClassySnobbb how in hell did these demonRATs ever get elected .. their are an embarrassment to their own party ! Such disrespect
They hate success. They hate a strong America. They thrive on strife. They feed on division.
I hope you have Trump's ear on this, Senator.
PLEASE NO VOUCHERS OR HSA!
and We the People have the plan to REPLACE You too!
You left wing extermist replace anybody as kill democrat party with radical policies and senator Paul was just
we need Universal Health Care in this country so we can get healthy again like our neighbors to the north
faith in government is the lowest its ever been. How can you deliver when there's many hands in our government effecting our lives
nah
No pre existing exclusion? No lifetime caps?
no you don't but you will enjoy watching it fail
How will part time workers without employer health care be covered at a reasonable rate?
its four pages according to your link? Please fix and include the full version
BRING IT ON RAND. I HAVE FAITH THAT YOUR SENSE WILL PREVAIL AND HELP THE OTHER REPS WHO DO NOT UNDERSTAND MEDICINE.
I trust you and hope you succeed.  I don't trust Trump to know what to do.
yea and it includes watching poor people die

How about we do it like every other major country on Earth
Can you say "oversimplification"?
How many Americans will lose coverage?
@RandPaul
your plan isn't enough, your plan isn't Obamacare
you don't have a clue
bullshit.
Do you have a plan to add carrots and peas to the Cup Noodle that is your hair?
The Dems booed when Trump said people should choose and not be forced. Remember that.
Republicans have been sabotaging health care for years don't think you can swoop in and claim to save it.
Give up YOUR insurance.
Where do you thing the average American will get the money to save for their own plans?!
we are with you!!
#TrumpRussia not going away ...or #TrumpTaxReturns
LET'S GET ON WITH IT!!! REPEAL & REPLACE NOW!!! No more excuses!!!
You don't. Where are the details?
Why does the cost of health care increase at such a rapid rate? Who is responsible?
Are these words without grounds?
NO YOU DONT
Wont work til there are regulations on insurance providers and drug companies.
Let's see it. You've been there for years. When were u planning to tell it?
The hell you do. Otherwise you would have done it already.
#FullRepeal let's do this Rand
^5
Let's see it. I'll make the revisions.
YOU SHOULD HAVE WON #IStandWithRand
#Rand2020
