Senator you are a fraud about reducing gov. Kentucky relies on 26% of its GDP is federal spending.
that's mostly a Kentucky *state* gov issue - it decides what federal programs to allow/deny. @RandPaul doesn't make those choices
carrying the water for the red states who are more likely to depend on fed. gov. The truth hurts.
you're spouting nonsense: Rand only has 1 vote in the *US Senate* - he doesn't control what others do or Kentucky state decides.
no that was fact. have a good night sir.
but it's also fact that Rand has no control over what the Kentucky state government decides to take. Are you really *that* dense?
Democrats don't understand how state sovereignty works
Yes I do it seems you like to label people. Go to Old City Philly and think how liberal & radical our forefathers were
@DeniseTheFish1 actually, the size of government has decreased, not increased in recent years. https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/data-analysis-documentation/federal-employment-reports/historical-tables/total-government-employment-since-1962/ …
and an increase of $9.7T increases that size and scope.
I tried my best to fit as much as I could in one screenshot.


it totally does. I actually learned that last year. Most ppl want very similar things, it's just the paths we take that differ.
I'm not saying you should run as Libertarian for 2020 election... but you should run as Libertarian for 2020 election.
but I'm not saying it...
What do you think "drain the swamp" means?
Not yet sure it's clear in meaning. We'll have to wait & see.  Promises & following action seem to be unrelated these days
just yet and have some last minute screw-ups that could cost him opportunity to do better.
that's never been the case in my life time. I wish it were so, but .@GOP only talks & then does not act after getting votes...
Reject Sessions for AG we don't have to settle for retro-grade. Keep the green jobs dream alive. We need Med Canna. 2Fight opiates
I don't remember a time ever when republicans did this. Ever.
... Our Government has unfortunately become a parasite intent on sucking the nation dry. @GlendaMcRose
When was that? Besides a few, hasn't it ALWAYS been lip service? Power is "OK" if the "righteous" wield it (or so they think).
Well you have control now. Get cracking.
on budget for repeal and implementation of better health care policies.
That was always BS.
senator why does every senator have to kiss the Israeli A***. How does that little country rule us?
I had no idea that you were alive in the 1940s. You've aged well.
I'm not ready to call @RandPaul a schmuck. I wouldn't vote for him, but he is seemingly principled.
reducing the government has always been a Rep wish but every Rep since Regan has expanded it.
The party of Reagan is dead.
@JedediahBila genius
@LibertyBelleIII inrefer to them as the Neon Democrat Nationalist Party-for big govt, govt healthcare, against term limits, etc
You've wait it many times...hasn't happened once! Term Limits for Congress!!
I don't agree with all your positions, but I respect your integrity. Glad someone will be calling out the coming hypocrisy.
the Dems have already put their "War Room" together to try and keep the government big.
thank you!!! When did this change?
Unfortunately most Republicans are RINOs that lack any real principles and backbone!
I remember a time when you could trust Republicans, but that was many many years ago. @realDonaldTrump will MAGA.
draining the swamp is a good start. Then on to all the agencies to reduce waste and abuse
I agree and this is why I dropped my Republican Party. Shame on wasteful Government and bloated spending. This is not the way to go people!
@toddeherman if states have agencies fed Gov does not need them like education etc
@toddeherman I hope we fight back on raising debt limit gov is to big cut back on redundant agencies...
yes, that's what being conservative is supposed to mean. #MakeAmericaClassyAgain
Republicans have never believed that. They say it all the time, but they don't believe it.
With your singing voice, how can they refuse your proposals?
republicans are liars, so why did you believe them
Please don't stop telling the republicans what a real fiscal conservative is.  They have obviously forgotten.
@realDonaldTrump @seanhannity #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #MAGA
the times are changing Rand, not for the better.
- Amen brother...
@CruzinAhead Thanks, @RandPaul  for not supporting Ted to defeat Trump/McConnell.
Ted bowing to Trump again?!
Only Convention of States will balance budget.
.@RandPaul Right on Rand. It took me 30 years to understand this. Now it's time for action. Replace th Gov with small business. Incentives
I was it reduce it. http://Www.shellent.wix.com/shellforhouse 
I remember when Trump said drain the swamp, but then turned around and filled it with swamp water again! #careerpoliticians
speaking truth !!!
and if we did, where would that get us exactly?  evidence has shown that people running the country on their own doesn't work.
fight fight fight!
exactly...
and now YOURE the party that wants to INCREASE the deficit
@MattBevin need to stop property taxes and we need to get rid of unconstitutional taxes like storm water run off taxes complete bs
@TheVoiceOfPaulR that when Regan was alive. They forgot
yes but can u remember when they meant it ?
Rand Paul is a PATRIOT! 
GOD BLESS U. 
He SHOULD be PRESIDENT! 
GOD BLESS AMERICA!
@PatriotLatinos everyone wants to be the hero...another politician who's been in congress many yrs...
"Some men change their party for the sake of their principles. Others change their principles for the sake of their party."
"I didn't leave the party.  The party left me." - Ronald Reagan
1776?
@RobertLaurie yeah but was it done? Easy to say things.
if republicans don't reduce the size of government they will lose all they have gained
-my hope is that the Trump administration start downsizing our federal government by not filling vacancies in all govt depts
as a native KYian, I am saddened that our highest offices have been usurped by ambitious outsiders. Do your job for KY!
you have had enough time to get things done you need , quit whining and get on board or go home!
@SpeakerRyan used to claim to be a fiscal conservative. But since his Speakership spending and deficits have only increased #ALLTALKNOACTION
that's your replacement? People can't afford thst, will go to emergency room for sniffles and hc costs just exploded.
a biggie.  One hospital stay will wipe out that account.  In fact, there will not be enough in there to pay for it.  Not insurance
@MarketAphorist Yes, but we don't ever remember a time when they actually did it.
I can't remember a time when they actually MEANT it, and I'm older than you, kid.
And wants to build a giant wall on the presumption we can extort Mexico for it later.
Even when they talked about it, they never did it.  Im 42yrs old and there might have only been one yr of gov surplus in my life.
I have heard of that..
I'm afraid it's lost in the nationalism hoopla. We're doomed. But at least we can make piñatas out of lib snowflakes first!
.@RandPaul @NancyAFrench gotta ? I am curious how much can we save not paying salaries/benefits of past and current Congress people?
another question, where do I find health plan benefits/cost for Congress people, will that cost be reduced?
#MAGA
When government jobs total almost 10 million higher than manufacturing jobs, someone needs to stick a needle into the balloon.
@theeyefollows I recall watching both GOP houses under GWB spending as fast as they could. Both parties have same propensities. 
thanks for at least sticking to real Republican values
Getting rid of #Odumbocare will reduce size of government considerably!
not nearly as much as you'd think.  Also, "odumbocare" grow up and act like an adult already.
I could have said odumba$$, but that would be over the top. :D
now you're just being cute.
Agree, we need a  balanced budget..cutting  waste, fraud and abuse will help.
VP Cheney "Deficits don't matter"
No socialized big government medicine.
Then you must be pretty dumb because they've NEVER EVER reduced the size of Government. NEVER! Not hard to figure out.
state governments should have the powers not the Feds give the states the money and he power back
they didn't mean it then and they don't mean it now! Otherwise, it would be smaller.
@NancyPelosi: Today, @POTUS has another legacy, #ReignofTerror on #ISIL 15 known DEAD. January 9, 2017 We Mourn RIP.
Me too, only way to stop tyranny o fed is return power to states & balance budget
get rid of term limits in the status quo, things will change
sorry give term limits
and get rid of the status quo
but now it is all about baby Jesus and NASCAR
make us Proud Rand! Shake up the system and correct some obvious mistakes!
They said it many times. But they didn't mean it.
@hayektriangle Push until this gets through, Senator!  Before our deficits destroy our economy.
the government need to shrink. First part time and pay for congress
So please remember we don't need a "replace". We need a repeal and some serious tort reform!
it was Dick Cheney who said deficits don't matter. They only seem to matter when Democrats are in the White House
That was before you and your Tumble Bug father. TERRIFIC STENCH.
republicans r doubling down on the debt.
Can't even begin until you get rid of baseline budgeting.
one of the best politicians we have, thank you sir
Yes, I remember. They always said that to get elected, then never did it. And we fell for it over and over.
bush tax cuts (many still in place) reduced revenue and raised deficit. This won't help.
and then they elected king trump
Thanks for takiing a lead on this issue.  I wish my senators @SenCoryGardner and @SenBennetCO would show leadership here
Why replace Obamacare with some other form of socialized medicine?
now we're RINO's.
.@RandPaul but I bet you don't remember them ever actually doing anything about it...
you may remember a time they said it but never one they did it. Tax cuts trump fiscal responsibility, see R Reagan
we need 2 replace FedRes with system of 50 state-owned banks so that Treas can lend new money w/o new debt. NOW!
must have been a while ago.
Too many RINO special interest! Every American citizen belongs to Trumps 1 and only special interest group;you also care about USA
that as before they got elected and were running con on the people to get in power.. you know like the orange authoritarian clown
Tell em  Rand! !!!
senator Paul the most important thing is we cannot propose a bill that's mandatory on the American people.
must address debt with banking reform, changes 2 monetary system so no debt is created 4 new money lent by Treas 2 banks/states.
I want whatever it is you are smoking sir!  We've got a Traitor as POTUS on 1/20 and this is the best you can do?
by eliminating overreaching governmental policies and programs
The GOP has been overtaken with Progressives. Precisely why my wife and I switched to the Libertarian party 4 years ago.
Wow Obamacare BTFO.
And now they want to allow earmarks again!!!  I support conservatives, but this hypocrisy is infuriating
Try some other ideas "What a free market healthcare system could look like", healthcare back to individual
Love you! Sadly since the election we can come up with lots of statements that start with "I remember a time when Republicans..."
The party isn't even conservative anymore, and the Dmeocrstic party isn't even Liberal anymore, it's all sorts of messed up
Democratic*
The majority of your party only cares when dems are in the White House. if Trump loses in 4 years, you lot will care again.
paul cares everyday.  He's a closet libertarian.
Republican polls dont. If they had a choice between reducing debt, and cutting taxes, lets be honest here on it.
I guess you never heard of the #NeverTrump crowd huh?
yes. But now your guys r in power. It doesn't matter so much.
unfortunately, you seem to have joined that crowd. government cannot do things better than the private sector. proven over & over.
It was a partisan lie to gain seats.
do you remember them ever doing that?
Keep on em, Rand!
nothing but respect fir u sir... much love

Hey Rand, Pepperidge Farm remembers!
Unfortunately, that is only during Democratic administrations. They have a blank check when a Republican is president
let's hope they say it again!
