why do Ryan and Mitch look so happy ,, don't they know their poll numbers?
It's better than doing nothing though!
No it isn't. How is another +$1T added to the national debt better?
This bill provides a means to reduce spending over time from the ridiculous heights of Obamacare. I are added, this bill allows chance 2 cut
A "chance" to cut. This is the Government. They cut a $1 only to use that $1 as a reason to spend $100 somewhere else.
You're only obstructing at this point. We've tried it your way and it failed, time for compromise! Please act before we lose the majority!
No. We have not tried it Sen. Paul's way. Full repeal, free market, etc.  But you're right this beginning to look obstructionist.
Rand's clean repeal bill failed to pass this past July 45-55, so we have tried it his way (and several others). Time to get something done!
Probably disagree on specifics but generally agree. We need to get something done!
If they don't, I fear for Republicans in the 2018 midterm elections! All 435 House seats and 33/100 seats in the Senate are up for grabs.
You have no idea how any of this works, do you?
And you get to be the judge of that... so arrogant
Work together. No one gets the entire package.  Negotiate, compromise, HELP YOUR CONSTITUENTS.
Your reason for voting against Graham-Cassidy is illogical. You are willing to cede ground because we wouldn’t be gaining enough ground.
Conservatives should back it now; we currently have the chance to land a blow to Obamacare. It’s not a knockout, but it’s still a blow.
Obama care is beyond fixing. We need to start over. Repeal Obama care, & start working on a new health care system from scratch. Do it right
I liked my insurance b4. Repeal Ocare allow selling across state lines & stop pre-existing conditions. Let the market do the rest.
That sounds good to me too. I have my own coverage & was perfectly satisfied before Ocare ever existed.
BUT its a start...so @RandPaul. Please get on board for what the people want....GET rid of ObamaCare
Again HSA's are not an option for lower middle class and poor people. Probably not even middle-class
Fools on the hill?
Thank You, Mr Rand Paul and I love your proposal also on continuing war should be left up to congress to decide. Great Idea! #TheResistance
Yes he is standing with the Democratic party. It won't help him get reelected
 #TrumpTroll Alert 

BLOCK @kathyand37 #kathyand37

#TheResistance #ImpeachTrump
@PeggyWi69224915 rand is as big a phony as cheeto jesus.
Maybe. But at least he's consistent
Just repeal it! It's a great start to get rid of the mandates
Vote
Repeal will never happen. Once government takes control, the people never get control back.
Done hearing all this O care stuff let it crash move on all ya'll need to buy your own insurance that fits your needs take care of yourselfs
Rand just show us your bill already.. you’re sounding like the Democrats
Rand is want a complete repeal and replace. This isn't a complete R&P. I can understand Rand.
True but it’s 49 vs 1 and if he doesn’t vote in favor then he is pretty much like his father.
He & his father was/is what this country needs but will never B put in power or he would have had my primary vote. They make TOO much sense.
Rand Paul is probably the closest ally of President Trump. Sort of like Pauls, Thorn in the flesh, to help President Trump become greater.
Is this better than the last two
Sen Paul not looking at this as a political issue, he does not want Dems to take control in 2018, but as a small government issue. Good man!
Rand,your dad is a friend of mine.He is a brilliant man with strong convictions.At times He made concessions in order to advance our agenda.
What agenda? Trump wants to keep most of Obamacare. This bill does nothing but give states a trillion dollars to continue administering it.
If all continue like Paul nothing gets done.nothing from nothing = nothing.We have to move forward in sm.steps 2 re-build the country
It's not the government's job to build the country, Mr. "Devout conservative". Repeal and let the market work.
A man is charged 30,000$ for a simple broken ankle the problem is the medical industry .that's what needs fixing.lookig at wrong issue.
If the insurance company is willing to pay 30k, what market incentive is there for a patient to seek alternatives?
We would have had it until McCain ran in. If we can't repeal it, then do something, anything to get started. Doing nothing is disastrous
50%+ is better than 0%! @SenateGOP BETTER pass Graham-Cassidy or 2018 & 2020 will result in HISTORICAL losses for @GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP
If this bill does not pass please no bailouts. Let obamination implode
If it's  all bad vote your conscience,  if it's half a loaf , take it and fight for the rest later
stop governing for welfare/ govt subsidies pay provide fair pay and fair prices for people
#Obamacare fraud http://nydn.us/19B2zP2  increases in premiums,#loss of their coverage,#loss of family doctors,#loss of full-time employment
Then meet with your coworkers!
So you are just going to leave us with something worse ( the status quo)?
U all have 2 realize, President Trump has a big, and it may get him into trouble, but still, My President!
Love ya Senator Paul but it's time to act. Push for more legislation later.
There won't be more legislation later. Once the GOP passes a bill, they'll claim victory and won't touch this issue ever again.
They'll have to.
Only when the Democrats win back Congress and try to push through a single payer system. The GOP just wants to claim a W over Obamacare.
I'm good with a win. I'm also good with changing the discussion of moving more responsibility to the states.
It's NOT the O'Care repeal we were promised but its better than leaving O'Care in place.  Do not be the man who saves ObamaCare.  Vote AYE
Yes, Let's get rid of Obamacare and replace it with an even bigger Healthcare crisis that can give the Left a valid argument.
I want it gone as much as the next man but it needs to be done right. Not replacing garbage health policy with another garbage health policy
I don't want a policy passed by Republicans just for that. Do it right and kill all of it and bring back competition, or don't bother at all
You're NOT going to get that.  There are NOT the votes for that.  We can at least kill mandate and defund Planned Parenthood.  PROGRESS.
Oh not enough votes for it? I'm sorry I thought the Republicans had Majority. I didn't know the House and Senate was run by Democrat.
Either they get on board with things like full repeal and the Wall, or they can enjoy their last term in office.
Please let's Cote this trader out.
Rand is absolutely spineless!! Wake up! AMERICANS WANT CHANGE- START HERE! I HOPE KENTUCKY IS SMART ENOUGH TO VOTE U OUT NO MATTER WHAT!
at this point we will take 1/2 a loaf
@yaronbrook @MTannerCato free markets work, but if the right wont argue morality of individualism/liberty, you will always lose to the left
Free markets worked well. Obamacare is socialized medicine and is bankrupting America
If it removes any of mandates, id say vote for it
It removes both the individual and business mandates!
Then please vote yes
they never will tho .they want the money and power ..you will fight ..there is no chance to get repeal from the others . we are with u
Why don't you write your own repeal/replacement bill, then?  What's stopping you?
He did and it failed. Now he has a chance to make a real change and get rid of Ocare. So do it already! #PassTheBill
Graham Cassidy bill doesn't get rid of Ocare, only parts of it
And not voting for the Graham Cassidy bill, doesn't get rid of any of Ocare at all! Better some than none!
But it's not none! If no bill passes Ocare dies anyway cause no insurance companies participating & no funding by POTUS. More painful way
But at least fully failed
Thank you so very much Rand!
For what? He hasn't done anything yet, but vote to keep Ocare as it is. #PassTheBill
Ocare will die whether bill passed or not. More painful, but completely because no insurance companies participating
Is there any evidence for that?
Any real #fact evidence for that?
I remember Trump citing fake stats for that.
Yes, research the DHH regulations dealing with Ocare subsidies. POTUS through DHH Secretary can and has changed these regulations. One such
Regulation deals with insurance subsidies. Stop the subsidies and insurance companies will pull out of exchanges faster which will in turn
Cause complete demise of Ocare. Many counties already have no insurance companies participating. The argument is that when the full demise
Of Ocare happens, then feds could usher in single payer health care system but I think unlikely. Graham Cassidy bill doesn't Repeal ACA
On this issue I agree with you. 9/30 is a fake deadline - work bipartisanly and there will be 60 votes. Do this the right way!
So you choose Obamacare,thanks Senator Paul
You missed your opportunity your history
That's because they all are part of the elite....you cant win.
Force a full repeal Rand. Keep uoting the Uniparty GOPe scum in the swamp.
It's better then what we have now! And it can still be changed! Senator Paul please compromise!!
Republicans are hellbent on passing something so they can say they repealed and replaced Ocare. We are not stupid. This is not repeal!
Respect your concerns but Time to get on board. Show support and solidarity for a better plan than we currently have. Don't obstruct!
Stand against this Rand. You are right. This is not a repeal of Obamacare. This is more of the same. Pass a 1 page straight repeal of Ocare
You in DC have had over 8 months to repeal this! What is the  problem of getting this done? Seems like your not trying very hard!
From an American, its ok, its better then what we have now, and you aren't good enough to get us a proper bill. So support the team
Instead of not keeping your promise and blocking every effort to fix it. Do your job hammer out a deal & get it passed before September 30th
Well do your job put in Amendments needs and get it passed instead of making excuses! Again DO YOUR JOB!!!!!!
I believe @RandPaul will not agree to ANY PLAN unless the whole plan is his plan,so sad Paul
Do your ok with Ocare? Your principals above all? I want full repeal but you know it will never happen, do your job!
Like when Mass voters wouldn't vote for Scott Brown because he wasn't conservative enough. We ended up with Granny Warren. 1/2
Sometimes you may not get all you want. But it's better than the alternative. 2/2
You need to vote to repeal Obama care or do you enjoying kick backs. With Obama care, people's premiums are higher than their rent
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump The only question is will the Republican measure get us closer to free market healthcare or make it harder.
Are President and his Party GOP is Hurting America, with there Healthcare plans and the President back turn on White Supremacy.
There is more acts of violence with GOP President and hatred I have ever seem.
Well then help fix it. We are sick and tired of this BS.
sadly CITIZENS UNDERSTAND GOP swamp would never let go of power/control Socialists traitors
It doesn't matter, but that's what you're going to get.
Look I don't want to here you say nothing about why you are not voting for this help fix it get it passed are sign something.
You all are breaking me because you are not working ass a team to get it solved stop going on tv to explain why but we have a plane NOW .
If you all can't get your heads out of your tails put together a committee to work something out
WTH ? I'm so confused.  Lay it out please. I've heard LG's side. Says it does elim mandates congress always pulls purse strings so?
Please pass this and then refine. The corporate penalties have ruined my coverage. I’m dying here. Quit playing games with us you rich asses
Say no Rand Paul
This is a single payer kiss me later bill. Stick to your guns Rand
IT IS A START!  I ALSO WANTED FULL REPEAL, BUT SOMETIMES WE MUST COMPROMISE AND FIND A STARTING POINT, PERIOD!...THIS IS IT, C'MON NOW, OMG!
Where can I go to read the Graham-Cassidy bill?  Every senator and congressman should read it before they vote!
I agree with Rand, but the #RINOs will never go for his plan they already proved that. So something is better than nothing. #Hopefully
Again, please don’t be an absolutist on this one.  We have to start somewhere dismantling Obamacare.  Please be reasonable.
Rand. You need to do something-NOW!  People can't pay for healthcare anymore. Do something NOW!  People are hurting!  NOW!!!!!
I'm worried.  Can't we start here and then tweet it later.  Nothing is going to be perfect.
Sorry.    Tweek not tweet.
YOU MUST VOTE FOR healthcare bill!
It is better then the status quo, you have passed nothing, STOP HURTING SMALL BUSINESSES AND PASS IT, help us and pass it
I guess our government will learn the hard way

Sen Paul is just playing both sides! By saying it doesn't go far enough, Paul avoids voting to repeal. Typical Republican move! What a phony
Get rid of the mandates Rand. Sticking 2 principles is fine but sometimes U have 2be pragmatic. You'll be the face of Obamacare if u vote no
work together please
Fine. - but it's all you politicians can seem to do. You are alone and that means "nothing" changes.
Did you promise to repeal everything, all at once, on day one, with less than filibuster proof senate?
It doesn't matter. Living on this principle is going to make OC the law of the land. Vote yes and then continue to change.
Is it better than the Affordable Care Act ? YES
Does it remove the Mandate? YES
Would we have more choices ? YES
Don't fck this up !
No It's NoT But, We Can't Have OC! Next Year Will Be Worse! VOTE YES!
Thank you Senator for sticking up for the AMERICAN PEOPLE, not just your pals.
Vote "NO" on the Graham-Cassidy Healthcare Bill. It's reckless, irresponsible & a derelict of duty to vote without a CBO Score & hearings.
@randpaul, But it’s better than letting Ocare stay in place. Baby steps and incremental tweaking is better than keeping it.
It's better to get Ocare lite than watch Ocare morph into single payer, you're just showboating for a future run for potus, pass the bill!!!
Why is this even an issue? Another bad deal? We had 8 years to fix. Americans suffer more, while everyone works against republicans.
I think that's the point. We had 8 years to repeal and when we actually have the ability to do so, they pussy out in fear of reelection.
Unfortunately, POTUS has done this as well. Funny how all his campaign promises of REPEAL instantly added the REPLACE once elected.
Obviously Republicans are politicians and they lie as they see fit. I will not vote Republican again either national, state or local. liars
Agree, but sometimes it takes more than one whack to destroy failing structure.
@TRUMP. REPUB CONGRESS & SENATE SO DISAPPOINTING" THOSE GREEFY BASTARDS REFUSE TO GIVE UP TAX. THEY LOVE IT.  SOO MUCH $ 2 COLLECT-SMALL PAY
SMALL PAYOUTS CAUSE DEFUCTIBLES SO HIGH AND OCARE RESTRICTED COVERAGE
Thats ok the moderates would be satisfied with no more mandates
hold your ground  let it implode
Rip ohblowmecare OUT BY THE ROOTS!!
Thank you Rand for being one of the few good men in the senate. Hold the line against the swamp.
Its called compromise! American people are okay with compromise. We are not okay with socialize medicine and a vote no keeps us on that path
Start
the CHANT..OBAMACARE https://youtu.be/uF9p2B7ES5A 
OBAMACARE SUCKS U'LL B HEARING FROM US WE R THE PEOPLE FROM THE USA
Anything at this time would be better than OCare. Not perfect, it's not repeal, but HELP us, Paul!  HELP Americans. Please vote yes.
I guess the repeal you want is going to be single payer healthcare. While in your ideological straight jacket, think about that.
This is not a repeal.  RINOs are the negative force, not Rand Paul.
has anyone looked at South Korea's national health plan for an example?
we need a TRUMP PARTY so fake fence-sitting "republicans" have nowhere to hide.
I want to see this FAKE BILL fail!  Of course since Establishment is behind it, I'm sure it will pass. We need new people to REPEAL GRAHAM..
This bill increases govt influence so much that it controls where people live.  China doesn't even do that.
Please ask your colleagues to grant us waivers directly. Waivers to escape their corrupt solutions.
FACE REALITY. You cannot completely repeal/replace unless you get 60 votes. Will not happen in 2017 or 18. You must help millions........1/2
of ppl like my wife hurt by O'care. They either dropped ins or cannot afford premiums co-pays & deductibles. THEY NEED HELP NOW NOT NEXT YR
ALSO YOU MAY LOSE CONGRESSIONAL MAJORITY CAUSE WE ARE SO PISSED  OFF AT ALL OF YOU i AM IN FAVOR OF REPLACING THE WHOLE CONGRESS
WE NEED A NEW CONSERVATIVE POPULIST PARTY THAT DOES THE WILL OF ALL THE PEOPLE NOT JUST WHAT MIGHT HELP THE PEOPLE OF THEIR STATE...........
OR BETTER FOR THEM POLITICALLY. AND MOST OF CONGRESS DEMOCRATS. REPUBLICANS ARE NOT DOING THEIR JOB INCLUDING YOU
True but your part of the problem if you vote against something that keep OBama dontCare the way it is Senator,
Why?
Standyourground!Integrity or bust.Stand by promiseAmerica was given and believe.Don't cave like othercongressmen.Even if it isup hill battle
I've had 3 Spine surgeries & Heart issues & need continuing care! We cannot afford #Obamacare insurance! #RepealAndReplace #FreeMarket
We live on a fixed income & cannot afford #Obamacare & there R No Exchanges or Doctors!They Closed Due 2Being Ripped Off by #Obama
I have private insurance because #Union Lobbyists Paid Huge$$ to #Obama 4Union members 2B exempt Temporarily!Jan1st where's my insurance?
Vote NO this is not REPEAL, this is a lousy fix which is no fix at all.
#RepealAndReplace #FreeMarket Across State Lines! #RepealObamacare We have No Health Insurance & No Catastrophic Insurance! WTF!
Still want U2Vote4 #RepealAndReplace We have 2start somewhere! Make it so it can B improved later! #Obamacare is breaking sm business & Ppl!
I’m getting very tired of you. Do something other than playing with each other!
Time to get on board...negotiate and sign..
I support your no vote on this ridiculous version
It is a step in the right direction though
The IRS can use violence on the public for non-compliance of a law that Congress itself does not have to follow.  We the People? RIP 1913.
They only said this because they have always had something unsavory against Obama. That is no reason to kill the ACA with a bad bill. Fix!
The World teaches disobedience. Mankind has made himself into a new god. He lives in the evil spirit of disobedience.
We want Randcare.
Go to work, Rand, rather than just criticizing and grandstanding. Do something or shut up.
UR NEVER ON BOARD 4 anything but ur self!  U have ego issues I think, & just like attention being negative.. #Dissapoiting 
Repeal the damn thing like every repub promised..let pre ex cond if denied by ins be covered by medicaid..couple with medicaid reform to pay
Right...it's still not cruel enough.
You are correct, but just repeal the POS at this point if you can. This is totally on the backs of you and congress. If it stays, bad 2018!
Pass it, we hurting out here. What don't you understand about that.
The only thing I want to know, if I have a full time job busting my ass, will it cover me and my family, let the dead beats hit free clinic
my boss only gave me a check for $10k said i will only take $1mil.
im not taking chemo cause it only cured 10% of my cancer. waiting til i get a 100% cure.
Thank you Rand!
Keep fighting, Rand!
Try once to be a team player. You never know, it might feel good.
Read http://fixhc.org  a solution for all Americans
WILL YOU BUY ANYTHING FROM TRUMP, RYAN AND MITCHELL? WHAT A FACES???
So do nothing and Keep obamacare....real smart.
If it removes the mandates, vote for it.
Please vote against it and convince your colleagues to vote against it!
go away traitor!
So then it looks like if Obamacare stays, it's because of you-- Rand. 
I am sure u feel good about yourself, rather than doing something.
Nobody ever gets everything they wish for!!!! Go with it.
U r against bill bc u think it does too much even though you said today u know it does NOT cover pre-existing causes. U want no help fr gov.
Congress, Read my lips, Obamacare Repeal!!!
The repeal that was promised has already been voted NO. It's obvious that some republicans had no intention of repealing Obamacare.
He needs to go .if HILLARY was president he would be voting yes.he is not a Republican he is a Democrat in costume.what a creep.
"we were promised".. R u not a Senstor? 4 8 yrs u/@GOP said R&R.. What happened? It all losers @SenateGOP @veteran_news
Ryan and Mc Connell need to go
When RU going to have conservative house, senate, potus. Never, GOP will lose next elect. This is rediculous, principal I get, reality diff!
Do it. Start here and keep working.
When politicians will be accountable for decisions that they are making for Americans. Shame.
It was always about replace.  If you have a better idea, share it!
When this theater will  stop??? Start working for American people not lobbies. Senators and congressmen does not deserve their salary!!
ITS TIME 4 A THIRD PARTY OF TRUE AMERICAN CONSTITUTIONALISTS 
Agree with You!  Keep up the good fight!
nothing in govt is ever as promised!
But are they okay with it? Have you gone to the people you represent and presented it unbiased?
I hope they primary you and we can be rid of your fickle pretentiousness.
Some Republicans (Rand) don’t understand incrementalism. It’s a TD or nothing. I’ll be happy if we can “inch” the ball up the field.
Please support this - we will likely never get a chance to make this progress even though it is not 100% what we want - truly best we can do
Your exempt from it, what do you care? #RepealObamaCare stop  being political!
#repealObamaCare we demand it!
Where is your bill Rand. If u had to have the healthcare the rest of us do you would get off your a_s and do something besides obstruct.
I'm sorry too. The GOP are the biggest bunch of lying weaklings in DC. Cowards..the whole lot of them.
Oh yeah Rand Paul  . I was a great supporter but in my town we are looking for some one for the people.  U grand standing
Vote yes. Vote twice. Just start the change for less fed control. Start the change @GOP @rncchair @SenateFloor @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan
President Trump with Tweedle Dee and Tweedle Dum sitting next to him. They are worthless. Come on Mr President. Keep going strong.
Go Rand!
Just keep putting it off Rand and then it will take 60 votes and then nothing will get done congrats. Typical Republican BS
WeThePpl want this. It federalism and a start to making the states take care of its people...it's not Fed government responsibility.
No it's not but that ship jas sailed. Be a man and get this first step and then we keep fighting. Can't have all we want in one vote.
ACA is far better than insurance we had before it was implemented.  There was an effort to sabotage it & then complain it has problems. Sad
The ACA needs 2 B fixed.  The ones that seek 2 dismantle it does not care about citizens...they only want 2 replace it 4 political reasons.
@realDonaldTrump @Reince Reince, if Trump keeps pushing socialism through healthcare I have 100s in PA ready to vote him out of office #MAGA
all you ever do is stand and criticize, delivering NOTHING
