wait until you are attacked before you act.
There but for the grace of God.
you need to retire before you are voted out
You must feel that because Nazi Germany did not kill 12 m. Americans that we should have stayed out of WWII. U have no credibility
You certainly are not your brothers' keeper.
- No just human kind.
I agree with Senator Paul. I am so tired of endless War and Death
I have some boxes if you need them to pack
You have some really stupid followers...hope they are bots products of fake news
Tell the girl who clit was removed n Michigan, the girl in Idaho.Tell that 2 American woman who fear Sharia law This is WAR, Sentator. WAR!
Respectfully, I understand and share similar views but given the circumstances I support our actions. What it leads to is concerning.
Atleast u are the only one against it...that makes u different than war mongering people in Washington
That's what pacifists said right up until 12/7/41. They were largely silent on 12/8/41.
Interesting point, especially considering our soaring national debt compromises our ongoing world-policing leverage.
IF IT WAS NOT ASSAD WHO USED CHEMICALS AGAINST HIS PPL THAN WHY DID HE NOT STOP WHO EVER DID NOT A WORD LOL WAKE UP
Our humanity was attacked.  You have little if any. You Rand are NOT your father.
He couldn't send it to Congress they can't even decide where to eat lunch.
@useraccountOMG So you would have stood by and done nothing when the Germans were killing Jews? Be careful what you think it takes
Love you man.  But can't follow you here.  I understand the constitutional argument though I disagree with you.
you want to have it both ways. Trump was right! Period! Please just go away you hypocrite
What are you implying? And you ought to keep yourself seated. You're not "We the People."
What were you paid/promised on your lil pow wow with ol Donny? How much more did it cost to send you to play golf instead of meeting in DC?
This is either dodging the heat from the Russian investigation or Trump is stupid enough to get drawn into WWIII. Either was we r screwed!
In age of TV disinformation not clear who did this Assad?Saudi rebels? SOROS White Helmets?  Congress can investigate, inspect & deliberate.
Immigration and refugee instability is a problem we must deal with, unless we close borders to all
No. The US was not attacked. HUMANITY...WAS ATTACKED! And a LEADER of the Free World did; what UN nor non-POTUS Obama refused to do in 2013!
Would you hope a complete stranger came to the aid of your child should he or she be brutally beaten?
Then why isnt Congress holding Trump responsible TRUMP is unstable to make  these decisions what we have is a Dictator with no reprocussion
Because he's allowing partisan hacks to push their small-minded agenda.
@HonestlyTrump 
Rand is the only one making sense. 
#StandWithRand
We have troops on the ground in Syria what makes you think he won't use on them
@hectormorenco does anyone get it is only luck you were born here instead of syria iran Libya etc... #fireall535
This attitude is selfish and inhuman. @POTUS acted as Commander in Chief and did not #declare War". Constitutional Law101! You are wrong sir
What would the Hews have done in WW2 without American intervention? This attitude is completely wrong. @POTUS did the right thing
Sit down
you were really the only candidate to run last year for president what would have brought about the change needed. #Rand2020
@marydimck for goodness save the Democrat talking points make up your mind what party you are with, you are better than that
No that wasn't me! I'm total Rep. and support Trump hitting Syria chemical arsenal.
It's preventative, like birth control. Why is this beyond your grasp?
Drain the swamp. Start with Kushner! Why is this turncoat traitor in the white house sabotaging Trump & our country. America's fed-up.
@realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @FoxNews 

●PLSREADME⚘■
POTUS🕆STAY🕆THE COURSEMAGAYOU ARE A LOSERWANTED TO BE PRESIDENTNEVER HAPPEN RANDY
Russian authorities have explained that they were bombing rebel weapon stock piles. They did not know that there were chemicals there.
I'm so sick of everything you say.
Stand by your President.  Republicans are weak because they don't stand together
Totally agree!
By that logic,we would condemn the Holocaust, but do nothing because the Nazis didn't attack the U.S.?
Sir, the Dems do not need your help complaining, get to work WITH our President!
That's why you were not even close to becoming #POTUS
Senator, please, it's ok to step in for the sake of humanity.
This is why President Trump won the election.  President is doing what he said he would, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.  No more 9/11 with TRUMP!
We were not.  But standing up to a criminal and showing the world we will do what it takes to end the suffering from Chemical weapons-leader
There is no proof that the Syrian Regime was responsible. No proof that it was air-dropped. Please Investigate first Pres.Trump
@POTUS  We spend $70M of hardworking tax payers money to blow up an airfield in Syria that poses zero threat to the US. Thanks US Govt.
Humanity was attacked which is an attack on all humans and countries
The biological agents were to be destroyed under an agreement btwn Russia/U.S. 4 years ago.
No but if we don't lead & stop these ILLEGAL events, evil (chemical & terrorism) will make it way to our allies & our shores!
If we wait to be attacked, it will be to late. By then they might have obtained nuclear weapons.
.@RandPaul is one of those people who whips out a smart phone to video acts of violence, posts it, .....does nothing...#NoMoralCompass
Just as if it fell in the Senators back yard,humanity was attacked. When good men do nothing evil flourishes to point of chemical,biological
Yes but International law no longer exists or even the memory of it. Regime change is bandied around and no one bats an eyelid.
Your rationale? - I'm glad my family was never your patient.
So let's just let them gas women, children and babies. Then hope American soldiers or ppl are Not the next target, ok Mr. Paul
You clearly have no strategic vision...
By this reasoning, the attack on Pearl Harbor is justified because it opened the door for the US to liberate germany.
@PaulJFBowman long live US constitution!
U are still a BIG part of destruction of our democracy.This doesn't absolve.U are all the support U have given to REPUBS and DJT #Resistance
Courts keep blocking refugee limits. Can't have it both ways
You were the only choice on the ballot last year. Hope someone else runs next year. You are establishment through and through.

We were never attacked by Hitler. So you imply nothing should have been done about him either. Ridiculous. Senator
Well, how else was he going to generate some positive news & distract away from the Russia collusion scandle?
I think the goal is to extend that streak.
But sometimes you must stand up to the bully
Let trump usher in the prophesies written in revelation.
Indifference is a grave sin.
Your colleagues keep passing laws to ready us for war and sever our constitutional rights. How's the military drsft legislation coming?
But can you keep us out of world war 3, Senator? Please.
Trump's bombng Syria ws a show of politcl will & leadrshp that Obma didn't hav We support Trump for d "language' that Assad undrstands: Bomb
Teddy Roosevelt's logic, the US is obliged to stop "chronic wrongdoing", for the simple reason that nobody else will do the job.
u should really stop digging that whole u find urself in
sorry dude the Chem Weapons Ban was attacked-and who is going to enforce said ban-Sweden?
Have you ever heard of the word prevention senator Paul? If Kentucky was attacked by Isis you'd be yelling to POTUS
@Eadgifu when will Syrian refugees be welcomed into the US
Hate to agree with Rand Paul . Where do you stand with Putin/Trump  ?
@kevrishk
@sherryjones Good point.
Thank God Rand Paul isn't president the world would unravel in chaos
We are not at war senator! Give it a rest I swear it's like your working for the DNC!
So let's get congress approval which will take Fricken forever! They can't agree on anything!
Words are nothing. Actions bring help and show love. "Be doers not just hearers' Finally, someone did something saying there is a line!
Senator, does this violate the War Crimes Act of 1996?
Quite a big thing. Already 60 days a republican president of the USA in the WH . And the USA is still not attacked. Clever boy.
But we are asked to take their people in as refugees when something like this happens it makes it our business!
well said.
if we let this we would have been. You should back Trump. But we wouldn't expect you to do what's right.
You are so weak. You not only look like Wimpie, you act like him!! It is about time someone stood up for the weak and the red line O set!
How many bombs constitute a war??
Both left and right leaders condemn Trump... "@RandPaul: While we all condemn the atrocities in Syria, the United States was not attacked."
Good For Our President! It was a propionate Response!
Shut up 
This is why you're not the president Rand.
If the US is protecting Syrian Rebels, which we have been doing, then YES the US WAS attacked by Syria. You can figure that out surely.
while we are all terrified of a tornado, we don't wait until it picks us up and throws us before we act.
Couldn't that have been said of the nazis?
Every time you get people on board (Obamacare repeal, tax, etc) you go left of Obama. Stop doing this and you could win something!
Scram will you kid, you are starting to annoy the grown-ups in the room.
Bet it won't be now for sure. Thank god for @realDonaldTrump
If I saw a person I didn't know being attacked I would help them. Not film it and say, "it's not my family"! Still, no "refugees".
while pontificating about legalities, children are still dying. What voice do they have? You seem more concerned with etiquette?
Doesn't need 2b & only a foolish person would think that it does.  Read history 2c that Jefferson sent a warship to Tripoli.
Amen
Nor does Syria have a way to attack the US. They have no ICBM's, nor way to reach the continental US with their troops.
Enough. Back the President for a change. Tired of Conservatives at this point.
Please step down.
Then what do you suggest? 
We attacked a secular government without investigation and 0 evidence of involvement. 
Our own standards of due process ignored  again
Sorry rand usually you the man but the war powers act applies.
Yet.
He just wants to try to separate China from collaborating with Russia and Iran.
@cbprincess5
Rand Paul is a very smart man, Trump should listen to him . He has been around for a long time and did never get enough credit, ever.
No just children and innocent civilians brutally murdered choking to death wow
you make me sick! Why can't you just get along instead of being the school yard bully!
We are receiving their refugees...we are being attacked.
The rebels did it
The chaos of chemical attack affects U.S. directly. Destabilization of Syria leads to more refugees & perpetuates dangerous blame game.
I stand with Rand
RAND, your fellow Republican President's have no problem doing that....remember George W. Bush and now Trump....
@Morning_Joe sir- he launched the attack to cover the bad press of Nunes and Bannon. Surprised you haven't figured that one out.
Daddy
Well said!
Rand, w/ ALL Due Respect, the Timing was Ripe 4 USA 2 Send a Message, Not Only 2 Assad, but N Korea & Iran!
Trump needs to #FireKushner, and then he can chart the non-interventionist course he promised us in the campaign.
Are we all united as a human race? Are we not our brother's keeper?
1 ..that was a show of muscle, an escalation to change the narrative course, benefiting #TrumpRussiaCollusion, momentarily.
2 The current state of Syria, Assad protected, Russian troops operating w Syria vs citizens. How far Putin will ride an asset freaks me out.
Whatever. Go fix health insurance.
@Lauren_Southern No one in Serbia attacked the U.S. either. We got involved in that Civil war.
I am confused are we fighting Eurasia or Oceania this week??
This was not an act of war. Was it an act of war when Reagan bombed Libya in 1986?
The people who complained about Obama not doing something when Syria crossed the "Red Line", shouldn't complain now.
Serbia never attacked the U.S. either.
No because the Senate has shown they are stubborn when it comes to giving in to the current President this has already been proven recently.
Where do you stand?
@SenJackReed
@SenWhitehouse
@JimLangevin
@RepCicilline
Syria and Assad are just a microcosm of the entire Middle East on steroids!
Though I agree we should not invade or get involved in regime change or nation building outside to US and Bush 43 Iraq War was a BIG mistake
#firekushner?
Now maybe Russia, China, Iran and North Korea will take us more seriously. Khadaffi played games with Reagan each time Reagan punished him
Obama warned Assad several years ago using chemical weapons against civilians was a "Red Line" now Trump made good on  Obama's empty threat
You should stop tweeting, nothing will get done by the GOP because you all talk and criticise everything and accomplish nothing.
Respect R Paul; however, if 44 had done this years ago, we'd have no #ISIS, #Russia in MidEast, or #Syrian #Refugees! Thank you 45!
i agree Senator Rand Paul..i hope nothing bad comes of this i agree with your Dad on it being false flag we don't NEED war...
One day you talk it makes sense next day you babble nothing but bullshit
No, but we're in WWIII and can't ignore this. Your isolationism might have prevented the Iraq disaster, but it's not a good blanket policy.
That's what Charles Lindbergh said about Nazi Germany. Old Joe Kennedy also. The appeasement of Hitler at Munich: WWII 60 million died.
https://youtu.be/6feYJV42QpA     please take time to watch this video if you agree with it please pass it on God bless
I have passed it on.  This is the truth!!
.go work on the healthcare bill @RandPaul, seems that is more your expertise
I think we're aware of that.
While the 5 year old child down the street was beaten to death after his mother was gang raped, my house was not attacked. Not my problem???
And by US taking a humanitarian stand less likely we will!
Yet....
You'd rather do nothing like #obama or send a message to the rest of the world Rand?!?
Go back to your chocolate factory
Such an idiot - so we wait till we are or stand by and watch such atrocities take place and do nothing -we did that with Hitler killing Jews
No, we weren't. While I don't believe in instigating regime changes, etc, I think a line was drawn in the sand and it needed to be done
If only the #USA had two other branches of the Government to make sure the Executive branch never got out of hand. #NutUpOrShutUp
When you defend freedom anywhere, you defend freedom everywhere.
I rarely agree with you, but yes...
So we should wait until we are attacked - if your neighbor was killed would you say I wasn't attacked so its ok? shame on you
Have you ever seen what sarin gas does? Google. Then think of your family suffering.  Would you want help? Of course you would.
