MAN, U GOT ONE RIGHT
We support America and our President Trump MAGA working with world leaders for peace and prosperity
When is our DOJ going to prosecute Hillary?
The problem isn't that Comey was fired. The problem was the timing of it and the circumstances surrounding it.
Then exactly when should Comey be fired? 

Again yesterday, Clapper said there is NO EVIDENCE of any Russian connection. 
Sheesh.
Clapper never said that. Just the other day he said that he hasn't personally been presented the evidence
Can we discuss the  bombing of Syria, again??????
if president asked improper question it's just improper not illegal. That's if and only if....
we want Trump to succeed along w/Repub party we voted you in power. stronger w/alignment & support
it's sad to see Repubs not standing with Trump thru diff times but only w/good times.
Sen Paul again hit the nail on the head........when he talks Congress should shut up and listen. He's not just taking our money
Senator-Comey & Clintons too cozy for too may decades-remember "Watergate"? Comey couldn't find Hillary guilty then either!
DJT Campaign is under investigation for aiding Russian attack on our Democracy He fired the man investigating him. This is not R vs D.
@RandPaul Senator/Doctor Rand Paul might be a wise and fair choice for FBI Director both sides of the aisle would accept? @realDonaldTrump
Funny. We've been saying that about Rand!
A MENTALLY SICK @POTUS is a CLEAR & PRESENT DANGER @SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC @senjudiciary  @FBI @USDOD
@POTUS IS UNFIT  TO LEAD.
Another one of trump puppet.
That's exactly right. Comey needed to be gone last year. Totally compromised and incompetent individual
Acting director McCabe just proved you a liar. Will you apologize to Comey? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VoKkM-u2OHY … #Comey @politico @TheLastWord @maddow
Deputy seems like a wuz
Why does that stand-in for Comey say nobody wanted him to go? Because FBI divided into democracy believers vs. Globalists.
What kind of message are we sending out to criminals when we can't hold ppl in politics accountable?  FIX It!!
.n
Puppet! Sell out! God, he's bought off everyone, hasn't he?
"Nobody", is a huge generalization. Like "everybody" is tired of hearing your pompous opinion.
http://www.nydailynews.com/news/politics/times-trump-sessions-praised-comey-clinton-probe-article-1.3152625 … As Fox ratings plummet their support of TRUMP will waiver..

#TrumpCare is already bringing the GOP down, don't let him drag you down further with #TrumpRussiaCoverUp . #ComplicitCongressman
it's kind of like what his dad's supporters said "well....he ain't his daddy"
Comey must be prosecuted for ObstructionOfJustice AbusesOfPwr DerilictionOfDuty ConspiracyToAbet BreachOfOath Subversion
Paul misses the point AGAIN, we don't LiveOn the island of mohambomambo. Only tyrants get rid of people investigating , duh
Trump isn't under investigation
Yes, he IS.... Comey verified that he was TODAY and trump lied AGAIN
That's BS and you know it
Im not,turn on your tv.yrumps story was a lie.comey was on to something,as preet&Yates& then got fired LIKE YATES&Preet.Clapper is on now!
He could retire in Sedona and if he did any wrong the road'll wreck 'em and the coyotes and ravens will pluck him clean.Bones? ?? Teeth? ???
I think he is just moving on from that job in a "don't bother me I am EX-FBI, there's a new administration to do that job," kind of way.
Now I know I have jinxed my own life to that.
Looks like you don't defend the constitution anymore  party over country ? You're a disappointment to the USA along with Trump
Not while he was investigating Trump/Russian connection
I can't believe how far and fast you've fallen. Sad 
#Shame
#Greed
#trumprussia
That Woman & her Liberal Politician Friends Destroyed Mr. Comey career and credibility!
I see the shills are after you for defending the firing of Comey.  Nevermind, no matter what you do they will always hate
Agree with you Rand Paul.  Comey had made the FBI a political nightmare and needed to go ASAP.  Also Dems are hypocrites
REPUBLIC OVER PARTY! Everything we cherish is at stake.
Give the American people am independent investigation.   You work for us.
Finally a politician that's not afraid to be straight up and verbalise what majority of people think!
Comey investigating POTUS ties with Russia. His firing deeply wrong. U are on the wrong side of history.
I'm a happy American knowing that corrupt comey has been terminated! Great day for America.
.@GOP put country over party because Rand your voters are!!! #Trumprussia stinks to high heaven Nothing to hide? Independent investigation
Why was US news groups blocked from the WH today? Pictures of the meetings with Russian coming from Russian news.
Ahhh yes. What did Paulie get for being Trump's shill this time? Did they go golfing again?
You have undermined and misread this investigation at every turn. Time to decide if you are Trump Senator or US Senator.
In the US a potus should not fire the three individuals investigating him. Of course, you said Reps should not investigate other Reps.
right on Rand!
Still worrying about being wiretapped? You must have something to hide. Tick tick tick.....
@DrRandPaul Does your ass hurt from being used as a Trump talking puppet?
You said it was crocodile tears over the election. You're very out of touch with people, the ever growing scandal is concerning to many.
The growing Scandal is what our president is trying to stop,, all the corruption over the last 8 years,, ?- did Hillary break the law ?
If you look at all the corruption associated with Comey,, and check into the Russian influence into the Democratic Party,, Schumer
If that's what it takes, so be it. So long as it's independent and Rand stops scapegoating Clinton& dismissing people with sincere concerns.
If you have time, find out who sold the Stinger missiles to the Taliban in Libya,, treason
You are sadly incorrect
Seriously, 45 really got to you Senator Paul during that golf game. What do the Russians & 45 know about YOU sir? Must be naughty!
We need an Independent Investigation. Your damn right Rand, it now has become political after This firing.
You are delusional. Is it because of your own ties to Russia?
Man... You used to have integrity. Now you're a party slave.
And getting close to exposing Trump as a Russian puppet is good reason to get rid of him, right?
When this nightmare is over, we'll remember who stood with the tyrant Trump and who stood with the U.S. Trump will fall.
All you Toad (R)s should run off to Brokefoot Mountain & live happily ever after,
I hear Chafes-it has a very roomy, comfy closet there.
Amen to that! Rand Paul is so right. Comey talks out of both sides of his mouth and could not make a decision on anything.
#trumprussia #russiantreason #yespuppet #moneylaundering #obstructionofjustice #collusion #conspiracy #impeach #gop
Can you explain the difference?
The GOP's acquiescence in Trump's abuse of power is analogous to Hitler's Reichstag passing the Enabling Acts, March 23, 1933.
The American people lost confidence in the Former FBI Dir..  Definitely time for Comey to go.
...just like dead fish.
Phew.
Amen!
The deliberator's deliberator
#45 needs to go
Bunch of BS
Agreed! This should have been done a long time ago back on Jan 21, 2017
Long time coming, but thankfully it is done now
we are so happy celebrating this great victory that traitor need it to be fired next Hillary Clinton for prison.
They should have gotten rid of him after that whole mess with Hillary.
Spot on Ryan 
Long time his mind was a mess
Trump's bazaar excuse for firing Comey was as transparent as clean glass.
I agree Rand now w/can g/some real investigations of Hillary Clinton, Huma,Obama,Rice,Lynch,&Jarrett, these people n/t/be held accountable
So, drain the swamp and fill it with Goldman Sachs, Exxon, and Russia?
When you're right, you're right.
Thank you. Comey would have never closed Trump/Russia case. So it would have never been a good time, with the democrats.
Soon after Pres Trump Inauguration,FIRED,Comey must feel honored by 100 days in office,granted by presidential privilege.
Absolutely!
Do u feel the way Trump fired Comey was the right way to fire him.  Humiliation in front of his Co workers? If u do...remember karma.
Do what's right for our country!!!Country above party!!!
@justinamash why are you siding with John McCain on this issue? And a yes vote for 'Trump Care'? Who are you?
#StandWithRand
LONG PAST TIME BYE MR COMEY THANK U FOR YOUR SERVICE N NOT DOIN YOUR JOB IN THE LAST YEARS
It was long past due you could tell  Trump gave Comey enough time to repair the past and do the right thing as a Christian person
Stop it paul it's b***s***
Use you common sense. The timing is odd. Yet you both sit here defending him when you should be more inquisitive about motives & intentions.
Innuendo - Comey wasn't fired for that reason
Rand, I thought you were better than this.
Rand has balls!
Rand Paul is a GOP nutjob like Trump and now delusions of grandeur speaking for everybody on the Russia sabotage investigation.
Thank you Sen. Paul.
Yet if President obama had fired him you would have screamed from the rafters. Yet current potus is being investigated and he fires him
I second that!!!
How do u know how AMERICANS feel?  FYI I dont.
That's not how it works. If it were, Rand Paul and Paul Ryan would have been fired ages ago.
The People are happier then pigs in poop, Director @TGowdySC please
Enabling a dictator want to be!  Making America look like a third world country. Shame on Senator Rand Paul.
Absolutely
then Y wasnt he fired the 1st day 45 took office? His firin this far in2 45 presidency makes know sense.
Rand Paul is a coward and trump has something on him.  After private meeting.. Rand Changes tune on trump. Scary
@BretBaier @RandPaul #GOPcoverup
Remember, @RandPaul voted for Jeff Sessions to be AG
I don't know what they have on @RandPaul, but I miss when I thought he stood for liberty and American sovereignty. Sycophant.
They scared the ever loving shit out of Congressman Chaffetz too.
@randPaul you just sealed your fate.
HEADLINE: @RandPaul continues to carry @realDonaldTrump 's water. #waterboy
Have you no shame ?
The American people are starting to get very nervous and I dont blame them. This country becoming ripe for revolution
Yeah for getting rid of a bunch of librial  demorats
and the cover up continues
Bull
You are so correct
Right, Rand, Comey should of been fired sooner!
I agree the Fake Media is becoming the New Democrat Party, just Wake up PAY Attention America, Standing With the President
