The militarization of our law enforcement is due to an unprecedented expansion of government power in this realm.
It's one thing for fed officials to work w/ local authorities to reduce or solve crime. It's another for them to subsidize militarization.
I will oppose this move by the AG and administration. And I will continue to fight for our civil liberties and criminal justice reform.
All will be major issues this fall. Any order today still needs to be funded and I'll bring this issue to the Senate floor.
Normally I back you Your wrong on this one. We are seeing unprecedented violence from groups like ANTIFA and it's only going to get worse.
If police could do their job this wld help stop them but locals r telling them 2 stand down.Disagree with military equipment.2many mistakes
Then you live in a fantasy land... the US needs to adopt similar tactics as Israel.  Must harden soft targets.  Must find evil people FIRST!
We absolutely DO NOT need to do that. + Where do you cross the line with 'evil'? Pedos run free with a slap on the wrist.
Pedos & rapists should be sentenced to a life of hard labor or given the death sentence.  Zero tolerance.
How about a "no guns allowed in free speech protest" law? 
Or " every gun brought to a protest needs papers presented before protest" law?
Or have you ever read the second amendment.
My take: we can have guns to survive and militias to fight again against gov. Here militia came threatened citizens.

For me a difference.
Someone's actions and the second amendment are separate issues. You have right to own n carry but threatening someone already agnst the law.
Rand what would you actually do, speeches don't cut it. We gave up many rights in WWII that's why we're still here and we don't 
Goos step
I agree with Senator Rand Paul, actually.
You could have taken a stand and voted against his confirmation. Your former Senate colleague is a know racist and so is this president
Thank you, Senator. Further militarization of local law enforcement endangers the notion of "protect and serve."
Further is the key word!  If you haven't noticed, vehicles, gear and weapons now used by police are military grade.
Dam you @RandPaul 
You never agree with anything
You are not the @POTUS
No, he's a Senator, and unlike @POTUS he takes his oath to uphold the Constitution seriously.
Funny
Don't keep hating 
He is all of our @POTUS
I don't want a leader that doesn't understand how commas work. Get better interns and opinions you sad little man.
This is fundamental. We were founded on Freedom. Way to tell it straight!
Hey Rand. You seem to be disagreeing a lot with what this administration/AG have been doing
And with the last one. I'm assuming this is the first you've heard of this man...lol
You need to support the President
Doesn't have to, and he shouldn't.
What defines "militarization" ?
Senator Rand Paul in my opinion sir you are a traitor in the Republican Party
1st amendment ratify that LEO need the best equipment possible. Penny pinching is not an option here! Protect & serve requires best
Unless you rather have full blown citizens militias disband the thugs -because they can?
Riddle me this: Why do cops need bayonets and grenade launchers?
We are frought with violent protests which are a violation of my security. ANTIFA is allowed to operate unchallenged where is your solution
Who does Rand Paul ever agree with???
Rand Paul. 
What would you propose instead?
@jeffsessions @TheJusticeDept is tainted & corrupt! Holder is a syndicated thug! Lynch is a LIAR...Arpaio is a hero!~
Trump did the right thing.Arpaio is standing up for we American's rights. He is a hero alright!!!
Ignoring pedophiles & rapists in exchange for the possible illegal immigrant is heroic?
Actually I am not a Lib.    I am a Patriot
what good is liberty if our major cities are drowning duh!
Thank you, Senator.  I do as well.  But, you know Sessions.
@randpaul is right. #again. Count this new Kentucky girl in his camp. #freedom is the only #answer we need
I was a huge fan, and still want to be, but now it seems that you are of the mind to disagree for disagreement's sake. Very disappointed.
Stormtroopers were cloned 4 Democratic Republic but turned on a dime w/order #66 4 a tyrannical empire. Just film but Can life imitate art?
https://twitter.com/tragedyandhope/status/902215087968092160 …
Shut up
Thomas Jefferson said it best, I'd rather live in a free society with its risk, than a secure society as a slave.
#Twitter has censored TCK! Get to  t.r.a.d.c.a.t.k.n.i.g.h.t.b.l.o.g.s.p.o.t.c.o.m DAILY for the latest  #endtime and church news #BOOKMARK
Senator, Clearly, you know nothing about law enforcement. Sometimes a perceived show of force negates the need to actually use it.
Senator you need to support the president or quit
Keep speaking the truth Sen. Paul. I don't always agree with you, but you are spot on here. Stand up to POTUS. #DoYourJob
Why dont u stand up against this con man pres who put a usa trump hat on sale to raise money for his hate rallies? during a crisis Who r u?
People like him should have to live in my body. Thanks to his veiw on drugs. I guess Drs can just cold turkey off opiates . A total idiot AG
It's always easy to find faults.  We all have so many.  Agree & encourage the GOOD and help resolve the bad.
You can disagree. Smart thing on this is to be quiet. Let it play out
Well then Rand you need to have a little chat with Sessions and tell him in Person!!!!
Please help us in our efforts to regain liberty in northern Ca.
Dump Rand Trump Pence Ryan McConnell Kushner all GOP Reps voting ACA repeal sabotaging ACA
You need to back your President or we won't back you
I disagree with you on everything
... Your not the same type Conservative I am.,...,
Thank you.  
Please speak with Toomey.

Thank you Senator.
It's not false security.it is giving people the equipment that they need to do a job safely for all concerned
Some cops mistake thier tasers for their pistols (so they say) and you want to give them Grenade Launchers? Military never confuses weaponry
Senator Rand. Does  explain those liberals for radical ideologies against free speech thru vigilance. You have backwards liberals the threat
Hegelian Dialectics. They use that efficiently.  THEY Create a problem,  they cause our reaction, they get the results they want. It Works!
talk to pence #25thamendment
Many ppl I know who've never had guns buying them b/c they're scared. Not sure what the right answer for this will be.
want to take the president & US down. you whine about police having riot gear accessible. U wantmartial law with your riots! God bless USA
What has happened to peace? When did it become ok to pardon bad men and ok military weapons for police?
Of course he disagrees with real Americans all the time. Paul is a trairor
#StandWithRand
Armed Antifa Communist subversives are attacking Americans, should we just use our 2A rights and give them their civil war then instead?

Seeing the direction the federal government has leaned toward over the last 10 years I put my trust in the states for protection of citizens
Depends on the locality.  I would not rely on California, at least the Bay Area, or college towns. to protect  non-leftist protesters.
And you're full of crap. Why can't law enforcement have used military equipment?  Just make laws that punish severely for misuse.
Sessions is dangerous to our republic.  He cares not for this country or its citizens.  His is a want of control.  He must be stopped...
What? Dude Ur over the top with your 'judgement' of this fine conservative. 
Things are spinning out of control, we need strong leadership !
Why are these antifa thugs allowed to wear mask and carry weapons beating up other Americans this is what you should be concerned with
Why do you defend white supremacists?
You really should resign Paul, you're nothing more than a trump hater and McCain, murkiest part of the swamp been there way too long
He has principles, something you can't understand. No matter who has power, @RandPaul continues to advocate for greater liberty.
nopers Paul you are wrong on thiss
So what's new...more important things now other than what you agree or disagree what can you do to help  the people of Houston?
Why not recycle.  Isn't everyone preaching to recycle.  Antifa Rand Paul.
1033 = more violence. The average cop doesn't need to carry ied's to do his job. Cops show up loaded for bear as it is
He cannot, the house has to impeach the senate can remove after impeachment

Singing to your choir again, Paul?
Govt mismanagement & overreach is why our police force needs militarized! Wake up people, support this courageous man!
Keep disagreeing! Americans are a brainwashed flock with no real idea of what conservatism looks like! You are OUR voice, thank you from TX
Keep on setting the example of what Republican governorship looks like...this "democracy" of speedy legislation by govt is a huge problem
Has Hell frozen over?  Cuz I agree with you.
I rarely agree with you Senator...but on this I agree wholeheartedly!  This must not happen...NEVER!
You disagree with everyone God help #GOP
It's hard not to disagree with a gov that foes what it wants. Rand Paul is prob the only true republican in the senate.
Sir,
Don't you have a problem with the President issuing a pardon for a convicted criminal? Doesn't that show a total disregard for the law?
Why don't you stop running for president and go to work
I haven't heard anything that you DON'T disagree with!
It's hard not to disagree with a gov that foes what it wants. Rand Paul is prob the only true republican in the senate.
I disagree with you on this. Our police NEED the tools necessary to do their jobs effectively. Now more than ever.
Which cops? The cops in my community don't and I'm willing to bet the vast majority of police departments don't need grenade launchers, etc.
Who said anything about grenade launchers. U r too funny
If U r so uninformed, the LOLs hurt. Lifehack for you - Google: Sessions police grenade launchers
Freedom Caucus,  the only real Republicans left!
Why not defend us against loss of free speech which is being taken from us by BLM, Antifa and any means necessary
How has BLM or Antifa taken anything? They advocate it certainly, but they have TAKEN nothing!
You are grandstanding, not standing for liberty. Civil asset forfeiture is unconstitutional - this issue is not!
If you don't start standing up against this protesters and George Soros our country will be loss forever
Protect and serve THE AMERICAN PEOPLE SUPPORT 1033~
Why have you never stood up against civil asset forfeiture if you care about liberty? Defending the constitution matters
I love america and i believe in our president but giving the police that kind of hardware is wrong
What about the tyranny against Arpaio by Obama admin? Trump gives justice & you talk PC instead of liberty then.
Tillerson should be fired!  We chose TRUMP! WE back TRUMP! Both sides were guilty UN DISMANTLE THEM! They want US $ and our soverenity!

I stand between.
#TermLimits
You are 100% correct. The militarization of the police is unnecessary and against the law (posse comitatus).
Blah blah blah blah blah
The House passed a bill allowing warrantless searches of our homes
Senator Paul,when are you going to actually DO something other than disagree with other Republicans?
Most Americans disagree with you.
You base this on????
rr
I support the President's decision.
Stop it
The concern over police force militarization is a legitimate one. Swat group is all that's needed, and that is questionable.
Senator we need more law and order. Things are out of control because of people like you who don't live in the real world.
AMEN!!!!!
I agree with you on this issue !
What is this fixation that libertarians have with the so called Antifa?  I would think they would love anarchy...
To the extent that creative energies run free and peacefully, yes. But when violent, Antifa act like the Nazi thugs they claim to oppose.
Is violence then only acceptable when it is committed by the right?
The initiation of force against peaceful individuals is wrong. Pretty simple.
What he said. The violence the neo Nazis commit is well documented. But when they're peaceful, they can be argued against, even ignored.
Any Nazi is not peaceful!
If that's the case, neither is any socialist or communist. See how that can be turned against you.
No, I don't. Please give examples.
I agree 100% Senator.
This AG a huge disappointment
Chicago has no room to talk about anything.... just take  and let you folks Just kill each other
With Antifa on the streets the police will need to be armed
You are correct once again Senitor.  Wish we had someone like you in WI.
I've never sacrificed liberty for safety. Ever
I agree. The action/re-action that gives cause the militarization of police is the end game of the establishment
If the establishment was not calling on the death of the police force, they wouldn't need milatary grade weaponry would they.
What I'm suggesting is the Establishment elites play all sides toward the goal of creating a police state.
THEY SHOLUD GET RID OS FRE SPEECH IFIT MEENS I DONT HAV TO HERA THNIGS I DONT LIIKK 
I've lost complete faith in Sessions. I knew the fix was in after he recused himself from the Russian hoax investigation.
Spineless chump, I sure hope to HELL, we are not related
It would be nice if you could remind him that the Brady law requires an appeals process. Some of us are waiting for them to fix  mistakes.
The AG has become J conSessions...
After 8 years of chaos and lawlessness...how do you suggest we gain control again?
Wow, where do you live? Must be tough... I suggest you come here to New York... super safe.
Rand, you are correct.  I generally support Donald and Jeff, but reauthorizing the 1033 is a big mistake.  The US is not Afghanistan.  #MAGA
Did I miss Rand Pauls news conference where he condemned ANTIFA and BLM for thier violence? Cops being executed by BLM and silence from him
You disagree with everything. But I see you have become a twitter fan since our president took office. Where were you before the election.
Amen, no relation to him
'Elusive' or 'illusory' Senator. Which is it?
Neither; it's "illusive." See https://en.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/illusive ….
What's new? Rand Paul disagrees with almost everything and everyone
What's 1033
How bout agreeing with the majority of Americans and support impeachment of @realDonaldTrump. He's unfit - you and the @GOP know it.
63 million supporters for president trump that is majority now you support him
Nooo
Thank you, Senator.
What is 1033?
But Miguel the true snowflake is for it I bet?
The words might be a little big for him, but #JeffSessions should try & read @radleybalko & get a clue-
One of the very few men in 2017 that George Washington would recognize as a genuine American Senator if he was alive!
#trumptrain agrees with you senator. Keep Fighting the good fight!
So it's a conservative or "real Republican" position to militarize law enforcement? Aren't u guys against big gov ?
Yes, we are.
Either-way, problem isn't the weapons,it's ppl handling it.Our police deserve more investment in training 2 prepare them 4 modern policing
Agreed.
Keep your powder dry Patriots
Hoorah.    Tell him Paul!   We are with you and your dad
Paul - very important to note TROLLS like "Tyrone"  are with you you!
Our police are being attacked. Why not protect them rather than wasting valuable gear that can protect them?????
You know the police aren't meant to have military grade weaponry.
Where's our health care plan that you campaigned on??? Or the wall??? Or tax reform??? That ALL of you campaigned on???
The very reason we have the 2nd amendment...gun sales continue to grow in KY and elsewhere as citizens fear their government.
Thx from this American Senator Paul
I agree with you. 1033 is meant for good intentions of protection, but agendas change...
Ive followed you and you are always the voice of reason. But at some point can you work with the Potus to get something done.
I see your point clearly.. To easy to be turned against the people.
We all ready have when we have to change our traditions and our ways because of the immigrants Congress/Senate has brought here.
That's fine Senator, but Americans are in danger of sacrificing their liberty while you sit mute on the illusive and anti rule of law POTUS

@medicdad73
Lets let the terrorists attack us so we can die??? Whats the answer?
Those who would give up essential Liberty, to purchase a little temporary Safety, deserve neither Liberty nor Safety.
Nice quote, but doesn't answer my question. Can you #snowflakes ever answer a straight question?
I think it answers the question. By your logic, we should go on a gun grab..."just in case."
Negative, I am pro gun and honestly have nothing to hide. Spy all ya want
#IntentionallyDone
A 12 gauge will do wonders on antifa
AND... Thread Stops.
Americans must never sacrifice their liberty to the capitalists who exploit them.
The military and law enforcement must be kept completely separate!
US is not a fascist country. And it isn't a communist country either!
Janai Nelson, it's always about color to you isn't it. All crime committed is not relegated to black only. What is your real issue here?
I thought this was happening under Obama. Saw many pictures of armored vehicles used by police.
The only Senator left that represents We The People! TY
I hope, Senator Paul that this common sense will prevail!  Also please speak out against antifa!
I disagree with your reasoning Senator. Illusion is defined as: deceptive; illusory. I do not think our FOP are deceptive do you?
THANK YOU!
We have lost control of our govt! The leadership on both sides are corrupt and acting in treasonous ways! We won election & rec'd 0 returns
Then do something!!
I'm wondering why you haven't denounced Antifa?
With all due respect Senator, your opinion means Dick.
You disagree with almost everything. Try to do your job and help the American people
Sen. as a republican inSenate U could use your influence to discuss w/rep.in congress, the use of their power to reign in Trump. Patriotic 2
Answer is start prosecuting the mayors and police chiefs who dont follow the law. They should never stand down when a person is being beaten
What are you going to do about it?
Bring back #PosseComitatus Feds need to back off and the States need to step up, with support of the people.
In 2018 when More Dems loose their job in DC, and rioters tear the city apart as they did inauguration day don't open your mouth Rand
Then take YOUR short ass out on the line and stand there unprotected while Antifa throws projectiles at you Let us know what you think then
What Liberty?
common ground with the Senator
Great that you oppose, but how many Tea Party nuts does it take to move this along regardless?
I don't agree much with you, but on this I totally agree and thank you for stating the obvious!
WHO IN THE HE** DO YOU THINK YOUR ARE NARSSASIST DOPE.STOP YOURSELF FROM GOING AGAINST YOUR OWN PARTY DOO DOO STICK UP FOR HIM YOUR STRONGR
Is there anything you do agree with?
Agreed, our founded warned us of such folly.
So you disagree with Jeff Sessions!  Can you lead?  Can you negotiate and pass bills for healthcare and tax reform??  Prove it!!
Have you been hiding under a rock Rand?

Antifa is the most violent domestic terrorists group in the USA today.
And the warrant-less police entry that just passed 'quietly'?  Va. Md. DC 
Civil liberty issue?
Is their anything you do agree with ?? All I hear is I dont agree with this or that .. FIND something to agree on and STOP the BS...
Is it OK for ANTIFA to wear masks, carry bats, beatup ppl? BLM to shoot cops?The cops have to have the equip to protect themselves
I generally disagree with you.  On this we agree.  Perhaps there is bipartisan support for something to stop it?
Would have meant much more had you not voted to confirm Sessions as AG.

#LibertarianPrinciples
#Sellout
Anti Fa is the newest bogey man for the RW! Is the RW/GOP literally afraid of everything!? Must be hell to live in fear of so much
Thank you. Please stand fast to keep police from militarising and to keep them within the law
Many politicians are converting plunder into a right of government and self defense into a crime.
Financially and Morally bankrupt ourselves.
Our law enforcement officers are being converted to "code enforcement officers" in order to expand asset forfiture. That needs to stop.
I find I don't agree with the AG on anything.
then make Antifa a terrorist group because they are obstructing our right to free speech!
1033 terrible idea...this just enables the military industrial complex into frivolous spending..overstock goes to the police #fail
I am disappointed that Sessions is allowing the Draconian Prosecution of the Obama era to continue.
And, in some respects, attempting to add to it.  The Bill of Rights is either rationalized away or simply disregarded by both major parties.
