Absolutely! Bring them home! Waste of taxpayer money.
Saying:TAXPAYER $$? How about the LIVES lost? I'm guessing you NEVER served? Or never been to a war zone? Have a heart @ItsTheReichTime
And I think I understand the pointlessness and human cost of war, since my father has lived with PTSD that basically ruined his life.
Then ,please mention the lives first not $$
Since you have an idea of the misfortunes and grave losses any war has specially this one!
I will do so, next time. I assumed it was a given that all Americans cared about the loss of American lives - whether at war or here @ home.
Is that what Trump's secret "plan" is ...to bring the troops home?  That is what he campaigned on.   Oh...but he's a pathological liar 
1 John 4:10
In this is #love, not that we #loved #God, but that He #loved us and sent His #Son to be the #propitiation for [1/2]
our #sins. [2/2]
Jean 16:33
Il fallait que je vous dise aussi cela pour que vous trouviez la paix en moi. Dans le monde, vous aurez à souffrir [1/2]
bien des afflictions. Mais #courage! Moi, j’ai vaincu le monde. [2/2]
Jesus christ stop spamming
Proverbs 13:16
Every prudent #man #acts with #knowledge, But a #fool lays #open his #folly.
I totally agree. Let them fight their own battle and strengthen our own security.
Decades on , it's time to prosicute CORRUPT PUBLIC SERVANTS & SEIZE THEIR ASSETS & THROW YOU CROOKS IN PRISON
We trained em to fight right, , right? Why stay.

Rand Paul you are a trader
Perhaps that's how he makes so much money. 
What will be your answer when we have our next 9-11
#911AM - "it wasn't the Iraqis" @realDonaldTrump - nor the Afghanis, Muslims, Bin Laden https://www.opednews.com/Diary/911AM--They-Had-Bombs-T-by-Lance-Ciepiela-911-Truth_Apartments_Bombing_Donald-Trump-161004-635.html … #YouWillFindOut #Builder
Thank you for reclaiming congressional authority. Please join up with @RepBarbaraLee to show that this is bi-partisan call for a debate.
Maybe we should work on a Constitutional amendment withdrawing the troops from Afghanistan.
Clueless. Bringing them home only means more will die again in the future when they have to go back and re-fight same war. Brown noser.
Next time I'm voting for you, maybe something can get accomplished, congress will not support anything and nothing getting done!
We can't live in a shell. We can fight them over here or over there. Your approach gave us 9/11
Paul ? How in the Hell did You ever get Elected, ? Because of Daddy ? You arer a Joke.
but I do agree with the Senator on this and on 1033
"Fool On The Hill" - PaulMcCartney
I love you token peacenik gestures. Not a chance they will matter. You're counting on that .
Got on the Trump train
Hi Rand! Just stopping by 2make sure ur still fine with the Annoying Orange.he really came unglued last night,huh?stand up to this shitstain
Amen, not worth one more American life.
When Obama brought our troops back I was elated!!But after all the young lives that were lost, it was awful to watch those places occupied
My heart, tells me NOT to agree I know and have experienced deployments from loved ones. Awful. Generals I'm sure have a reason for staying.
So that ISIS can grow stronger and then attack us?
U scared bro? Gotta send other men into a meat grinder cause u scared?
And create a haven for iss ?
If I m right, we taught them how to war, correctly. Protect themselves. They CAN DO THIS. They can shoot isis, no more games..
Pulling out of Iraq showed what will happen if we do that wrong .

cool.  Why is Mike Pence always in VZ area?
It is time to revoke the AUMF.
Kills bunch of bad guys,take all their mineral wealth,pull out &tell them if they F with us again we will be back to bomb worse than b4!
Yeah right Rand. Clear out so they can plan their next 9/11 unperturbed. Then the next time we send Congess in as the first wave.
Go Sen. Paul.  ISIS, N. Korea, Iran, Russia, Venezuela. War War! Yet no one moves to stop America's #1 killer-abortion. Moral renewal needed
We cannot create a vaccum. It would be filled with isis. Let's trust Trump. Afghanistan needs to be trained to defend themselves by us.
Time for u to step down and go home.
If you would have done what he is doing now, they would have been home A LONG TIME AGO! closet Democrat!
Gotta finish the job, Sir. It is Bush's fault for getting us there. A lot of Afghanistan's want us there.
Dr Rand. Don't want you to treat my cancer if it takes too long to go into remission.  Evil is a cancer you never stop trying to eradicate
No, it would not be wise to do that.  You will have terrorist pour in just like they did in Iraq and Libya.
We can't count the last 8 years with obama
Disagree
Sounds just like a Democrat.  This man is a scoundrel and a liar.  He needs to replaced in the Senate.  Obama's man in the Republican Party,
Export Thanks Giving Dinners, a few a week for ad long as it takes, for a sign of repainting from corporate empire.
Senator Paul, majority of times I support you, but this would only cause the same thing as 9/11. Can't let them train and grow there
I guess you never read what they were complaining about the first time to cause 9/11... "We are over there."
And how long have you been negotiating this with previous administration's..Thank you but WE have a POTUS that is acting on great info.
We can't leave there or the vacuum created would be far worse in more ways than one.
Not everyone in the world thinks like we do. Not everyone in the world wants "Democracy". Let them live the way they choose.
Did Rand Paul ever serve on the military? Obviously not. All mouth and no action.
Well on this we agre.
Agree Rand. Coming from a stone cold Republican.
Everybody wants our troops home silly !  But we nor you are in charge of the U.S. Military nor do you have a clue what the Generals planned.
It needs finished first.
Not if then they grow to the point of becoming stronger and coming here on America soil?
Nails it. Truth.
So you think we should walk out of Afghanistan like Obama did Iraq? Makes no sense to me.
We never left Iraq... Plus, our embassy is bigger than the Vatican there.
I agree that it is time to bring them home but we must win this battle on terrorist first. God bless you & America
I'm an OEF vet... Stop this madness. Accept self-imposed defeat from lack of clear definition of "victory", cut our losses, come home.

8 years on time to get repeal &replace on Obama care done!
Not sure about that quite yet.  Lets give Trumps military a chance.
Do you always go 180 degrees from what administration does. Put a D in frt of your name
Our borders need protecting & civil disobedience needs to be controlled. Bring our troops home already.
16, how bout 50 years? Aren't we forgetting Operation Cyclone(Reagan)armed jihadis Mujahideen,led 2 Islam overwheming country after country?
Agree 16 years is too much but let's finish the job and than get out. No more playing around.
Can't agree. We will b back to square one, we need to kill them before they killing, me and our grandchildren. He's doing the best he can!
Respectfully disagree
Your wrong on this one, sorry
Rand I agree with you about most, I loss my Father in K War, don't agree with your views of necessity to pull out !
We need to honor our lost soldiers and not let their lives be lost in vain. Don't repeat Iraq. Mosul was already won.
Wasn't It "Mission Accomplished" When We Found BinLaden? DEFEND OUR BORDERS!
Agree with Sen. Paul. It is past time. We. Have other ways to deal with the Taliban.
If we r going 2 fight w/BS rules of engagement like we have in the past, then I agree. We're already there let's c how it goes with Trump.
Please represent Kentucky and support our president!
Stop your support of bail reform. You fell for it and it is wrong. Only hurts minority communities

Paul Ryan is a D*%K!  Watch above periscope. Spot on
Yeah, let's do the Obama Iraq thing again, that worked so well. Fight them there so we don't have to fight them here
I agree sir! How many more soldiers have to die? How many more will be injured or have PTSD? If you support the troops, bring them home.
First time I've agreed with Rand Paul. Enough. @realDonaldTrump
I disagree Senator. Look at ISIS power vacuum left by Obama in Iraq.
I liked many of your policies, but I wanted border wall. Looks like it will be another broken promise by @realDonaldTrump  just like war end
@RandPaul And have them hear in our community killing us no thank you Rand that will not do thoes Extrimas come to our community not at you
This is the situation when we need Gov to step in. In other topics, can you discuss abt regulating Google to eliminate bias? #MAGA
yes Rand but lets do it the right way get behind the Pontus help devise a plan for a slow withdrawl. Not liKe OBAMA OK ....
SOOOOOOOOOOOOOO, you are 20 times smarter than ALL the US GENERALS and advisory members????????????
Good luck. Neocons always win.
So what's your solution? Pull out, let it fester & gain strength & wait for War to come to our shores !? Healthcare???! Quit obstructing!
Did you learn nothing from Obama's withdrawal from Iraq?  How many Americans need die recapturing the same place to convince pacifist Rand?
We have 20 Trillion dollars in debt. Our military spending is a much as the next 12 countries combined. No more world policeman.
The problem is the world is a dangerous place and getting worse.  Leaving Afghanistan to become the new home of Jihadism could be a fatal.
Yes we need them to come home and fight the terrorist here in our country
My son took a bullet for our country and I will be damned if it was in vain. Our military will come home when the time is right.
Nuke them when hey leave!
Really? It shld end just like that? Are u ready to be taken over by terrorists Paul? #DrainTheSwamp
Ridiculous. There are more guns than US Citizens in the USA. They aren't going to win anything on US soil. I'm not scared.
He said he felt that before he sat at that desk. Must respect the fact he has a greater insight into problem. #IStandWithTrump. Luv u still
You sir are one of the biggest problems in this country! You remind me of the radical liberals. No rational thought process.
Yes, thank you for being the voice of reason.
It's time for YOU to be honest with Americans...SHOW us the tattoo on your ASS that says.." I am a Proud DEMOCRAT"..we KNOW it's there!
this is the issue you can defeat POTUS Trump.  What happened to his agreement w u on foreign policy.
And leave the mess up getting ready to come after US??
The only difference between the Trump and Obama policies is that Trump has added public ambiguity to time and troop commitments.
Suck up
Yes, Senator Paul. Rarely do people realize the breadth of a problem until it reaches epidemic level. Avoid quick reaction, Apply solid plan
Did you miss the oft repeated words in the speech: 9/11, Pakistan, India and nukes? Start paying better attention.
Trump IS pulling out..NOT an overnight fix, akin to tapering-off free drug samples...so easy to start, but months/years to safely retreat
I agree it needs scaled down using a different paradigm; however, we cannot completely leave. Taliban is stronger than ever now.
I agree with you on many issues but not this one! We need a win and not another Iraq! @RealDonad_Trump #TrumpWins
I like what you say most of the time but you're wrong on this one!!
Same sentiment.
What? @realDonaldTrump is about to let Mad Dog off his leash, stand aside. Stick with Healthcare, your area of expertise.
What happened to the days when we built a highly fortified base in the country we conquered, ended the war, and brought everyone back home?
Actually, that has never really happened unless we first wiped out their civilization, infrastructure and will to survive.
Japan? Germany? No?
Korea? Kosovo?
When will Rand wake up. If we.dont fight them there, we provide them a safe haven for them to train and attack / fight us here. Not smart.
You are wrong Rand Paul. We need to vote for a Republican who has Our Presidents back!! You do not. Step down Rand Paul
it's time to start winning and stop running! I'm disappointed in you. I saw u make a political motivated move so u can run 4 pres
It is shameful to make our Brave Soldiers work with Child Rapists.
Whose fault is that? Not trump's they should not of went to Iraq in the first place . too many lives lost and money wasted
He's right for a change
I agree with your sentiment, but I suspect we would live to regret such a decision.
How hard is this to figure out? I thought our politicians were educated.
Understand but if we leave what keeps them from coming here?
How about we disolve ISIS, get our folks home, & let Afgh grow up & do their own government establishing?! Then we ALL support our @POTUS???
Or just nuke it and call it a day
Amen!!!
I've talked to people who have been there and they say it's just rocks and sand. A nuke wouldn't change it that much
If it will rid OUR country of ISIS, I say do it. Keep our men and women safe then get them home so our money is no longer wasted.
Well said 
Tis The Season to End the Military Industrial Complex!
Ok Einstein so what do you suggest we back out and creat another ISIS or some other fringe groups being created.Staying sx too but what?
It's not our problem. Not everyone in the world has the same mentally to accept living in a "democracy". Let them live how they want.
Support your President.  That's part of your job.
His only job is to represent the people of KY and follow the US Constitution as the founders intended.
Here we go again. Rand Paul knows everything.
7 years on, it's time to end Obama care, but you couldn't get that done either.
I hate that war, but I don't want a vacuum over there. Seems to dangerous to pull out.  I think this might be my first time disagreeing w/u.
Sadly, not part of the 'Barnett' plan as described by Thierry Meyssan
I agreed on your stance for healthcare now get busy and find common ground on other issues, lets get Obamacare repealed and replaced!!!
And what cha gonna do senator?
After listening to the President last night, I tend to agree with him. 16 yrs wasted if we leave too soon & allow takeover of terrorists
Will you abide by a vote that supports @POTUS ?
I support this try because the rules of engagement have been loosened to Kill Terrorists!
Totally agree, Sen. Paul!  @realDonaldTrump
Bring them home and quit using American troops to protect the poppy fields !
Its past time we win the damn thing.
This war can't be won
It couldn't be won with stupid politicians but now we have TRUMP! Winning is possible again!
You seriously cannot be this deluded.  You think trump can be successful here? He literally has surrounded himself with idiots.  No winning
You seriously cannot be this condescending, yeah I think Trump can win that's why we voted for him that's why he won the presidency.
Look throughout history has anyone been able to "win" as you say in that region
I think we have a new definition of winning now. Winning before meant nation building, now we're in the business of killing terrorist.
I don't like almost all of your policies, but I am with you on this.
Stop being an obstructionist and grand stander!  We see through you!  Your ego is getting the best of you.
When will the Congress actually have a "Declaration of War" to allow such an operation there?
UH HUH, will you cry when another massive attack from the Islamofascist happens. Probably not!
But then who would protect the poppy fields?  Gotta have that opium, you know.
Trump's words "Never Give Up!" That would be cowardly! USA is better than that! @POTUS @GovMikeHuckabee @newtgingrich @VP @LouDobbs
Yes. As someone whose kid has been there, we need to get out and stay out unless attacked.  Let Afghanistan handle itself.
We can't leave like we did in Iraq.
Can't do that, there's to much heroine to be brought back,we also have to fill contractors pockets so they can give kickbacks to congressmen
That's a great talking point Rand too bad I have to hear it from TWITTER. Do. Your. Dang. Job: hold a town hall! #rememeberwhogotusthereGOP
You were back in KY for THREE WEEKS. You meet with Business Owners, Corporate Donors and even threw a Libertarian Fest. Do. Your. Job!
Meanwhile, you still have not condemned the domestic terrorism in Charlottesville Why is that Senator? Do you not want to alienate your fan?
So ISIS can fill the vacuum Senator Paul?  Sorry I don't agree with you on this one.
What you want to create another vacuum in Afghanistan? Congress is to inept to make the proper vote!
we armed the rebels now we r in a war that will never end. #RadicalIslam #infowars #drugs #supportourtroops  #PatriotsUnited 
#History
I dunno. If anyone can win it trump can.
#IStandWithTrump
Unfortunately, it is something we have to do.
https://twitter.com/RandPaul/status/899998115297624065 … Are you including Democrats in that statement or going on the 1/3 of the majority-majority vote rule.
Just asking
16 years on, it's past time to bring our troops home from Afghanistan http://bit.ly/2vVgaSv 
Amen, Islamist are just manipulating other countries money and resources just to continue their on going centuries long War. @potus
Senator, gosh I really like and support you in so many ways. But it's imperative you all get behind our President. Let him promblem solve.
We achieved our goals of taking out Osama Bid Laden why are we still warring after 16 yrs? Besides making Lockhead & Boeing more wealthy?
Paul that was under obama who didn't want to kill his fellow Muslims. He spent money to give profit to the enemies stop military fr shooting
If he wants to get me off the a Trump train this will do it, I'm about ready to abandon the GOP, I'm going to need you too also.
#StandWithRand
if we do leave terrorists will invade again but if we never went over there in the 1st place & armed them we would not be in this position
So let the Muslim world deal with their "bad apples."  The longer US military is over there, the less safe we are at home.
I agree with you on this issue.
I'm not worried about Russia blackmailing Trump I'm worried about republicans.
Your party's leader said last night that doing so would constitute a "hasty withdrawal". Apparently our historically long war isn't enough.

Yeah sure. All Obama's fault.
No money for(McCain,Graham,McMaster,Kelly,Maddis) etc.. check out Obama's 09 speech on Afghanistan to Trumps last night. NOTHING CHANGED!
Torn on this. I agree but if we pull out will there be a vacuum? Genocide of more people? Look at yazidis and ME Christians.
yes i did troopmaster paperwork rand paul republican texas boss
Someone didnt watch the speech
Destroy the poppy fields in #Afghanistan then go home.
Correct.  I asked tears back why this didn't occur and Mid peeps I knew just winked and whispered "politics "
Jeez predicted textYears back told by MoD people "politics
Thanks #generalpaul
Word. U know Rand if Graham and Paul Ryan are for it then it's probably not a good thing. Get in Potus ear  Please
Paul Ryan, who was with Lynch & Clinton on the tarmac in an illegal meeting says anything it can't possible be good for America
people know its the opium and Precious  metals the Deep State is after.Min.70% of US CITIZENS Demand troops come home if US is DEMOCRACY.
It is but we can't have another Iraq- unfortunately we have to stay and finish the job- not cut and run only to have to go back@AGAIN
And South Korea. Ungrateful. They should be paying for THAAD. For security.
One point in my life I thought everyone should serve 2-3 years in military but being we spend all our time at war that's no longer the case
Agree Rand,...Great proposal to make Congress stand behind OUR decisions.
YES!!!
