Why don't you report that 22 mil people have already lost health care. Don't wait til the new Bill is passed and blame republicans
Paul and Cruz are never going to go along. This is why McConnell went about this all wrong. He should have never included them in the debate
Total repeal, buy your own insurance. Not the taxpayers responsibility. Free market.
time for ALL Republicans in Congress to support @POTUS. Vote Yes #HealthcareBill stop obstruction #Repeal
So you're fine with the worst bill possible just for the sake of “supporting POTUS". Trump has agreed with Paul on this.
The American voters may love Trump but they are certainly getting frustrated with Rep Senators over lack of action over Obamacare.
Everyone should be against crony capitalism. Way to go Rand!
True but the R"s have always been the party of cronyism. Rand gets a large portion of his campaign funds from Yertle McConnell.
R"s & D"s both. Cronyism is a great hindrance to liberty. It's LEGAL PLUNDER.
CLEAN REPEAL!!!!
#FullRepeal
I'm with Rand on this one. No insurance bailouts. No crony capitalism. #Repeal this sucker #Obamacare all the way! 
#BCRA
I agree with the Doc repeal the law we dont need a national health plan wont one move to canada or UK Y do the rich come here? We have best
But, Obamacare and a crappy bill to fix it is the result of voters voting for Obama TWICE!!! It's a PENALTY. First job, get out of the TRAP!
You're right.
I am a fan of @RandPaul
Amen Dr. Paul. Let free markets be free to market. Do not replace, just repeal.
Original bill  presented by Dems offered everyone the same healthcare as Congress and Senate.
The bill was originally a Republican bill introduced under bill Clinton by a Republican. Republican heads snubbed so not to credit Bill
Repeal is not the answer amend and make better. The Affordable Healthcare Act was an excellent bill watered down by Republican s to get
No bailouts. No government healthcare, no taxpayer money for insurance, no mandates. Free market choice of what and at what cost. Done.
REPEAL THE DAMN BILL. I am so sick of these weak kneed Rinos. We put GOP  in power to get rid of ACA! NO GOVT HC!!
Keep fighting Rand! You're a great American!
Please don't vote for any Healthcare bill that makes cuts to Medicaid for millions of disabled Americans!
I work with special needs people. The problem is not funding, the problem is government, beauracracy, the swamp.

No insurance for senate or house until we get it to !!!!!!
REPEAL IT EXCEPT  INS. COS. HAVE  IT BUT WE DON'T HAVE TO CHOOSE IT...FREEDOM!!! WE CAN CHOOSE ONE OF THEIR OTHER PLANS.

Was meeting with @DonaldJTrumpJr set up as way to wire tap Trump tower? This could be HUGE break in Obama spying story! 
If you all actually look at what Rand is asking for. Amendments would work verses repealing.
Why cut Medicaid when our President is bring in hundreds of Billions of Dollars in IOU's & creating deals that will bring in billions 4ever
Tell those asshole RINOs they r cutting their own throats if they don't repeal! Voters will behead them by not voting them into another term
Aren't insurance companies protected state funds in the event of failure?
If insurance companies r bailed out then where is the risk they assume to justify their high premiums! It is all about big bonuses for execs
I realize u will not respond to this but my point is this bill seems to be a good start to replace a very bad one. Amend, isn't this the way
Phonies
When can we repeal your healthcare @randpaul
We Kentuckians are patiently waiting  to vote you out.
The fundamental flaw of both is that they do not address healthcare costs! Separate from insurance costs!  See the swiss system!
thank you Senator Paul
Mitch is just posturing for the public with no intention of doing anything he's saying! The Dems are going to do nothing but obstruct.
Rand is the man!
What bill? What BS?
Rand Paul is one of few Republicans that are keeping their promise to repeal Obamacare and not sub another plan that's more of the same!
PLEASE HELP!!
Washington's motto: WE TAKE CARE OF OUR OWN :(
We will fight them in meida, online, door to door  etc, until we have new leaders in Congress. 3 days, then 18mons @realDonaldTrump #GOP
Give yourselves the same thing we get. Then maybe it would be fair. Quit letting pharma and insurance gouge people while you get rich
Maybe all the T party patriots need to go home. They are becoming wise then the far left.
#StandWithRand
#StandWithRand
Frost warnings in Hell would be a positive sign!
Rand Paul has made himself irrelevant!
Apparently, the laws of physics and mathematics will have to change!
Insurance Company Bailout IS another Bank Bailout.  Do you still stand by your Bill or have you made adjustments?  There were a few issues.
I know they won't touch it anyways, but I'm looking for logical arguments since I don't see many from the GOP.  I'm behind on opinions.
The government takeover of our healthcare has been a disaster. A set up for forced single payer. The Gov. does not belong in our healthcare.
Why are ins cos and doctors not involved in this?! Repeal, then let them do their job. Not govt responsibility!!
I am sick & tired of hearing from all these lawyers,judges& congress/senators how Clinton's,Comey, Mueller are criminals.Dammit,CHARGE THEM!
Time for them to get the full repeal done, replace later if they cannot agree! Something must be done NOW! Americans have waited years.
What about Medicaid, Sen. Paul? How can I assure people like this Mom as I try to help on Twitter? We need clarity.
If you have a few minutes, it would mean a lot if you gave my article a read. 

https://themighty.com/2017/06/why-medicaid-cuts-would-hurt-medically-complex-children/ …
Repeal CO NOT replace #Obamacare Get big government out of our business.
@realDonaldTrump @CongressmanHice
Stop crying Rand-you are standing in the way of progress-we are done with you crying
By ur silence on jr.'s colluding w/ a hostile foreign govt., u r #Complicit. #TREASON is a big deal that u better start dealing with.
Thank you for your comments on throwing money at insurance companies.  Not sure what you think about protecting Medicaid for Kentucky?
Well said @RandPaul #maga #repeal #freemarket healthcare
I support Rand Paul and his healthcare plan.
@RandPaul you better pass this HC bill or you will pay the consequences. We the voters are tired of your rhetoric!
No more egos and grandstanding.  A true third party is a pipe dream at this point.  #justdoit
i glad to hear issue Mr @RandPaul  You can't have both free market and government involvement in health insurance market. must choose
No mandate...it is the reason Republicans are there!
Senate congress house make it mandatory they have to be on the plan the pass! It will get done and be the best in the world!Guaranteed!
Why not make it madatory senate,house,congress,have to be on the health care plan? What's  good 4 the goose is good 4the gander!
If Obama care is so good why isn't the house & senate & their whole damn family on it 
Man, Hemmer totally looks like he is doing a weird Toby McGuire impression in that photo.
Keep up the good fight @RandPaul
Enjoy the limelight while you can Rand YOU WONT be elected again 
Yes he will....Kentucky loves Rand...now use all your insults to reply....
Bloviate,Stall,Holding the American people back from Agenda of President- That's his plan folks-and a lot more Republicans
Time 2 eliminate salaries and pensions in Washington! Also make sure that gov officials are no longer exempt from laws they pass on2 the ppl

So he says if your sick you should pay more for healthcare, what if you can't? Then I guess you suffer and die.
Smart guy but his overblown ego gets in his way !  Perfect won't happen deal with it ! If nothing else just repeal !
Well said RAND PAUL no more bailouts. Those that voted NO to audit the FED should be out. ELIZABETH WARREN shame! $9 trillion gone! Where?
Stand Strong Mr Paul the country needs you.
They're not walking out. They can not see anything therefore its not a zero.
Hey Guys -- Spend more time in a room figuring it out and lees TV facetime
That storyline is so "before July 4th Recess". Repeal was never gonna happen. Is never gonna happen. "K" St. doesn't want it.
I like Senator Rand Paul. It is really important to present a GOOD Health Care Bill, otherwise Republicans lose in 2018.
Hey Fox, did you guys see the presidents son worked with a foreign adversary to subvert American democracy? Just wanted you to know.
Proof ?
Funny, r u seriously asking that? Ignorance isn't a valid excuse. Try reading, it's good 4 u.
Washington out of heath care put in back in the states hands let them sortout what they need. Then they can come back and ask for more money
make government more accountable and reduce spending not increase it lets get this done right repeal then make a better health care and get
That is the biggest problem with Washington both Dem and Rep vote for Crony Capitalism when they should be voting to reduce the debt and
It's because they're totally biased to the conservatives.  Get over yourselves.  Do what is right for Americans.
Thank you, Rand Paul!
Screw that! Focus on the fact that a foreign adversary STOLE our presidential election!!!
Hey yo LAZY @GOP @SenateGOP get the bill passsed!!!!!
Rand: "This bill doesn't go quite far enough by only screwing over 22 million Americans. I'd prefer 30m for my vote. Also, freedom!"
Then you pay for it....end mandated healthcare and give real freedom of choice
I would gladly pay into something like a #SinglePayer system.
guess your not paying now....those of us who are have a government forced mortgage payment and $6000 deductibles not coverage
Analysis shows that a Single Payer system would save most families money - small tax increase but no premium/deductibles and always covered
Then move to Canada.
Nice one. Never heard that before.

Pardon me for wanting to make the country I live in a better place. My bad.
Socialism never makes a country better.

Oh please!
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
To be clear, Obamacare isn't failing. @realdonaldtrump is sabotaging it. 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Must-watch. Beyond powerful.

Mike Phillips, who lives w/ spinal muscular atrophy, on what losing Medicaid benefits would mean for his care. 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
This veteran is doing whatever she can to protect her son from the Republican health care bill 
NOT TAX PENALTY MANDATE!!!!!!! DO YOUR JOBS NO MORE VOCATIONS
Screw @RandPaul 
Brain, u want the Fed Gov to mandate your health care? How stupid is that to have Fed Gov take care of u? Ask Amer Indian how tht worked out
Rand needs to get what he can & then he needs to SUPPORT IT. No dictators allowed in this unless he wants OUR ire
