Sen. Graham directly addresses fellow GOP Sen. Rand Paul, saying new health care bill would "save a lot of money." http://abcn.ws/2xsQzj2  

And their parents should provide for both, not me.

So tell me which agency should stick a gun in my face and rob me of what I've worked for.
And feel free to answer in your words if you have any.
Leave him alone, he can only speak through washed-up cable comedians.
At least they make sense and, are complete sentences.
"I can't answer this guy's question, so I'll mock his grammar."

Answer the man - which agency will you democratically prescribe to rob him?
What Mcain does is no business of yours were u shot down and a prison of war in Vietnam and have two broken arms????
What's that have to do with anything? Totally irrelevant. The old man is sabotaging the efforts to make desperately-needed fixes to HC.
Obamacare was a starting point for healthcare. Why won't you GOP's work to improve the Bill instead of frantically trying to repeal?
Because the bill is destroying American health care. Making it more onerous. NO to government-run health care!
You have no idea what you're talking about! Let me guess, you are unmarried, no children & millennial. #conversationover
Yes.
separate insurance plan for senate/congress should not be allowed - U should have to have same as rest of us citizens. no special privilege
100% repeal, so how can we help you get this for us?
Explain why they wont REPEAL as promised and get it done!Why???Honorable you're standing your ground. Seems critical. @POTUS #DrainTheSwamp
Right now, #nofakerepeal means no repeal at all. You think this bill is no repeal, but hey, it repeals individual mandate & med device tax!
Oh shut up with your stupid gun joke you ran to represent the people and to give them a better quality of life that's the purpose of elected official #nomoreegotisticalnarcissist
Cut all Senators salary in half, save a lot of money too. Better yet, pay based on performance, nothing done no money.
That's great, but you're not gonna get everything you want. Jeez, haven't you heard of compromise? Even our founding fathers had to do it.
What happens when you can't? Am I going to get any financial relief from your non compromise? I simply can't pay this
I pay over $700 a month for ins. to cover just myself. I'm in perfect health. You leaders better get it together!!
Yes, Sen Paul, why should those poor, sick, and elderly people have healthcare?
Just sick of you politicians!
It's called working with your party members to give relief to the American people. Take the opportunity to get it out of Washington now!
Remove the 40 plus Democrats that voted no problem solved
Republicans control all 3 branches of  government still people blame democrats. What happened to "the party of personal responcibility"

Gawd you SOB. ACA saves lives.
Even if you vote for Graham-Cassidy now, that doesn't mean you can't do a full repeal later. Just won't happen now.
For goodness' sake, Rand, stop playing God and do your part by helping these guys help you to #RepealAndReplace. A little goes a long way.
You know your "no" vote is only going to prevent the no-insurance fines and medical device tax from being repealed. Thus hurting Americans.
@realDonaldTrump Keep #StandingWithRand
But you didn't do it.......blowhard
Your belligerent attitude is actually completely preserving the very thing you demand COMPLETELY repealed. Stop #virtuesignalling.
RINO
Paul get with the program and vote this Bill inStop obstructing
If this bill passes Paul Ryan is a lock for 2018. Is that what you want?
@SpeakerRyan is hated. He will only win if the DemocRATS vote for him. Which they might do to hurt the Republican Party.
Screw Trump and all that voted for him
3 bills put in front of you and you vote no 3 times. Looks like you're trying to save ACA to me! Smh
Just words - what are you doing in the American People's best interests.  Americans wising up and looking for action over just words.
Where are these associations you talked about?????
Did your face drop? Because that will never happen. Hahahahahahaha
The GOP will never pass a bill as long as Trump Is in office his mouth talks both side at the same time while Peurto Rico suffers
People need to understand that insurance is NOT healthcare. We can pay for healthcare without insurance and get discounts for cash.
Oh how gangsta........ yawn
You'll never have another chance!
But you could have stopped the national administration of Ocare by sending the money to the States. Still respect u, but u got this 1 wrong
Precisely. If you cannot stop the spread of socialism, we must at least slow its advance.
Exactly. 

PLUS - Wld have loved to see California try one state single payer. That would have so miserably failed, proving it's impossible!
"Single-payer" would require an annual tax of about $10,000 per resident. A couple with three kids would pay $50,000 in healthcare taxes.
Yes bleating on about S Carolina like that only state in the Union Senator Graham says
I think President Donald Trump should take the Senators insurance from them and see how fast they come up with something then.
I agree with you totally but you senators need to get together before it's too late.
Then come up with something we can accept.
Never saw a perfect bill come out of Washington yet. So eat the health care elephant one bite at a time. Vote yes or more people will die!
then why have you not come up with a bill to do just that?  So tired of all talk and no action from Senators who seem to be doing nothing
please tell the president to make all of you live under the same care we have...then it will get fixed
You SaVED Obamacare. We won't forget.
You couldn't even remember how to use Cap Lock, though...
Thanks for keeping the stand on this Dr. Paul.  You should have been our president.
#ENDTHEFED  won't need a cap
So let the people suffer and do nothing. Your so dishonest its sickening. ARE U GOING TO MEET HILLARY AT CNN.
Back Trump
I don’t think the government can actually run the government. When they figure that out, I may let them run my healthcare. 
You run to get things done which you are not....fake fake fake
Done with you. Your a politician, play one!
McCain has a brain tumor! Stop him from harming the country!
REPEAL AND REPLACE AS PROMISED
The fight is OVER b/c of cowardice RHINO Scumbags...they're toast and single payer is our new reality when dems take over next year...
I understand and appreciate your point, but please help the president get a win and dismantle Obama legacy the best we can.
It's ok
#Obamacare will fall apart when subsidies end

#GOP may lose in #midterms
 BUT @realDonaldTrump may push it when Dems have no option
It's ok
#midterms are coming & u will b voted out "on principle"
You are my senator. My complaint is thus:  7 1/2 years. Nothing. Americans are fed up with Congress and want promises kept.
Rand Paul is a curly haired rat Basterd
Cap em with 50 Cal BMG
Rand Paul sounds like a broken record about himself!!! Not what the people want!! Fed up with your attitude!!!
Your actions to not vote for something better only hurts Americans.The Graham bill stops the crawl to single payer. Obstruction wins nothing
You ran to POP a cap IN Obamacare !!
"Principles over politics" is a good motto (we definitely need it), but I prefer pragmatics over principles. At least on this issue for now.
Graham has obviously never read the Constitution and if he has he is then knowingly violating it
#BustaCap
No Senator will be able to "put a cap IN Obamacare" Graham/Cassidy is far better than O-Care isn't it? Pass G/C & make it better! Get 2 Work
@RandPaul, I appreciate your aim to protect our liberties. However, with Obamacare repeal, you're just going to have to repeal what you can.
Rand, you are becoming the Goldilocks of Obamacare repeal.  For you it's got to be "just right," or else . . . we will still have Obamacare!
You know damn well you can't get 60 votes for that. You are just [posturing for a run for prez
So. HOW ABOUT YOU WRITE A DAMN BILL RAND? What the Hell are you waiting for?
https://twitter.com/BanditRandom/status/912396043802644481 …
You either vote or you will lose your seat.
thank you Senator Paul
You are but one Sen & you could learn a lot form our POTUS Trump! You R throwing the baby out with the bath water! Amer needs your YES Vote!
You should attempt commitments from GOP to make the current bill a stepping stone in full repeal of Obamacare then move forward from there.
How many people would it kill. Have you ever been awakened at 3 in morning by a child with a 105 degree fever? Is your Mother still alive?
Somebody do something about the healthcare cost. Insurance companies have ruined the healthcare system.
Can't wait for my republican friends in Kentucky to have another chance to vote you out of office.
Then kill it my premiums just tripled but u don't care u all don't have Obamacare do u u knew it was bad from the beginning so u opted out
My spouse has an almost one thousand  monthly premium with a 12 grand deductible, any help would be appreciated. Can't afford it.
Then do it all talk no action
You didn't run on the "Skinny Bill" but you sure did vote for it, so stop with all the hypocrisy...

Rand, how about you wound it now, so you can kill it later?
This bill is just the beginning of a series of bills to reform healthcare. You closed door for your pathetic ego. What a shame.
Good luck getting Democrats on board
@ThisWeekABC I hear you're already reconsidering your "no" vote. No surprise there. You just wanted to puff some
Read Atul Gawande's article about health care- this week's New Yorker. All med schools should teach medical history!
LOL!  That was good, Senator.  Now, stop allowing the perfect to be the enemy of the good.  Please!
#killthebill #saveACA #bipartisanfix
Patient Protection Affordable Care Act, was what I needed, provided by my countries leader at the time, former President Barack H. Obama II
Show some courage and grow some balls. No on this new horrible bill. No. No. No.
Yak Yak Yak. That's all you do. All of you have your own "best" plan! Get the hell off TV, Radio & in a conference room & fix healthcare!
Sometimes you have to look at what is possible and what is not.
THEN DO IT AND STOP TALKING ABOUT IT!!
Don't vote for the Graham/Cassidy bill!  Please don't kill the American people with this poor bill.
I thought the objective was to save a lot of lives.
And it would Bankrupt Millions!!!! Senator You have become Shameful!!!
You keep the fight going Rand Paul. You have been the only one keeping the fight to keep it real and affordable!!!
You win the internet today good sir. Thank you, sincerely.
Get what the program Rand
If you really believe in more government you are in the wrong party !
Get to yes ! Less power in centralized government and more to states is better, and a good step towards free market!
Stay strong @RandPaul
You may well put a cap in the Republican party for the next 20 years.  2018 looms. We need an entirely new congress. Current baboons hurt us
So just curious, how many in Kentucky depend on ACA? Stop with your grandstanding, your constituents need that law
Vote No on the Graham-Cassidy bill.
Only you and a handful of others are doing what we sent you to do.
You need to quit seeking perfection on this and please just vote for SOME improvement.
for us Non-masterminds out here, pls explain what the skinny repeal had that this doesn't have
Rand Paul opposes everything that wasn't his or his Dad's idea.
Wow! @RandPaul is really brining home that  hole "the enemy of my enemy" thing. 

I need to go disinfect my hands after typing that tho …
Thank you for standing strong. We need common sense approach to healthcare! My daughter is fighting stomach cancer, and needs quality care.
This man has the utmost integrity. You have to respect a man that says what he's going to do and then does what he says.
You have to start somewhere my goodness start vote yes! Not a prefect world I had to talk to myself too
Great reply Rand repeal and DON'T replace.
Rand Paul is only giving us what we ask for repeal
He is the ONLY brace one. It really proves we need term limits and to flush out government frequently.
Truth
Oops *brave
You need to get on board or please get out or hey join another party.  But stop misleading your constituents
You're a pathetic excuse of a man who could care less about the people who are being forced to pay for abortions & healthcare that does work
Only a fool demands what has been proven will not happen! A start on making it better, is better than nothing! Grow up & can your ego!
Vote for it! I've voted you in office but this is bad. Never again
Eloquently stated
Good for you No govt in Healthcare
You're a liar and fraud!
The GREAT RONALD REAGAN taught us 3/4 of the pie is better than NOTHING DO THE RIGHT THING VOTE YES#RONALD REAGAN#WININNG
Do something! If you can't kill it, bring it back to KY and fix it. Or, perhaps you would if you had my coverage.
Repeal Do NOT Replace #Obamacare Get big government out of our business.
You voted YES on Skinny Repeal, which kept most of ObamaCare in place why not YES on #GrahamCassidy? Your hold out makes no sense, only hurt
Full repeal, no replace, the slate is put back to zero, and then you can work on regulations to get rid of insurance, pharmaceutical Co's
Time has run out. The time to make an obamacare change is NOW. It may not be what we would prefer, but we have to start somewhere! Vote yes
Small improvements are better than no improvements
You are wrong! States are alwaies better and way cheaper when they control things like Unemployment and Workman's Comp, same with healthcare
Don't waiver- GC is a rushed political bill. Save our Care - ACA- Vote NO then work on a bipartisan solution. #killthebill #lovemyACA 
#RepealAndReplace #OBAMAcare 

#defund #GOPe #RINOs

#Recall #closet #democRATs
Remember this as you consider writing checks to fund the GOP Senatorial Committee. STOP SENDING MONEY until REPEAL. http://dailysignal.com/2017/09/24/we-hear-you-why-republicans-havent-kept-their-promise-to-repeal-obamacare/?utm_source=TDS_Email&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=MorningBell&mkt_tok=eyJpIjoiT0dReVltSmhNV1l3TWpKaCIsInQiOiJRckJDdlQrRDdPRXNhNWUreUlsUTQ1aU9McWdJaTF3T3g4ZkNhTTFxVm1INVZKUGlYS0gxNEpBWjZlWTgzcmlxempLU3Y3UFlUalhQa0FaUFVIV3NhRmZpTVVZd3A3MDMrVzV6d2xiTGJnTWtvVjFiTkpcL1dTSkVxV0FNNWg0cDcifQ%3D%3D …
#RepealAndReplace #OBAMAcare 

#defund #GOPe #RINOs

#Recall #closet #democRATs

#DrainTheSwamp
Remember this as you consider writing checks to fund the GOP Senatorial Committee. STOP SENDING MONEY until REPEAL. http://dailysignal.com/2017/09/24/we-hear-you-why-republicans-havent-kept-their-promise-to-repeal-obamacare/?utm_source=TDS_Email&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=MorningBell&mkt_tok=eyJpIjoiT0dReVltSmhNV1l3TWpKaCIsInQiOiJRckJDdlQrRDdPRXNhNWUreUlsUTQ1aU9McWdJaTF3T3g4ZkNhTTFxVm1INVZKUGlYS0gxNEpBWjZlWTgzcmlxempLU3Y3UFlUalhQa0FaUFVIV3NhRmZpTVVZd3A3MDMrVzV6d2xiTGJnTWtvVjFiTkpcL1dTSkVxV0FNNWg0cDcifQ%3D%3D …
Americans want the same health insurance as congress!
Clever
We can thank some Republicans for keeping ObamaCare the law of the land.
Go back the way it was many years ago and get the government out of our healthcare!  The tax payers pay for the freeloaders...no more!  
This is WHAT  we should do.
When you vote NO, Rand, thousands if not millions of people will be FINED for not being able to afford Obummacare.

Well that will never happen. So let's compromise
@NetworksManager @ThisWeekABC You are taking the country down the same dead end over and over! You offer no real solution.
All those millions of votes, for all but just one promise to fulfill! Just a hand full that can't be bipartisan! Mid-term elections!
When is KY election for your office???....just saying ..available insurance and premium cost WILL EFFECT!
GARBAGE! Even KY suffers at your hand notwithstanding obamacare!
Get a life! Step up to the plate with honor instead of trying to be in the limelight. Get rid of OBAMACARE. REPLACE! Now.We remember!
Put a cap IN it... indeed!
Hey Rand, while I appreciate your principled stance, the American people are suffering under O-care. Something is better than nothing,
You're a liar...you guys don't want to repeal Obamacare
Take your AR-15 to it please Sir!
Obamacare is sucking the LIFE out of working America.Worried that Repubs will lose seats when constituents cannot afford health ins in 2018!
Your principled stance only result in liberal victories Rand.....you saved obamacare, and led to road to single payer
Can u at least negotiate a REPEAL from mandate?OR separate Medicaid from Insur? No way will we be able to afford higher premiums in 2018.
@NetworksManager @ThisWeekABC Defund O'care, rescind Congressional O'care exemption, end health care subsidy to Congress
What a win this would be
Reason #NeverTrump Republicans desperate 2pass New Graham-Cassidy is bc they need your $1k to pay for DACA #migrants
50% of all babies in US are born on Medicaid.
Hard working Americans are paying for other people's babies.
#IceRaids 
Yup people who work at Walmart!  Walmart shareholders should pay for their workers Medicaid. Scam!
@ThisWeekABC

You've sacrificed the good for the the perfect.

Thanks for nothing.

Your position, w/ no progress, is fake, a lie.
If that guy is against you, you're probably doing something right
Nice idea but you are not going to get it done. Outdated Senate Rules keep GOP from accomplishing anything. You guys need to work 40 hr week
Tear it down then rebuild something different
Lisa Murkowski and Susan Collins. Thanks for nothing, Rand! (2/2)
You actually put a CAP in the American People, but now even I can't support this bill because GOP is kowtowing to dumb, liberal women (1/2)
THEN GET IN THERE ANF FIX IT
Vote no
Please continue your honest efforts #Healthcare Trump just wants to pass something, even as bad as original Obamacare
PASS #TaxReform
Get this upcoming vote on healthcare passed.  Past time to end a do nothing Congress.
Money & politics always stand in the way of the patient, which is not right!
Compromise for anything better!  You can still work on on it!
It's time you do SOMETHING. All of the excuses why you don't like this bill or that bill are getting old. Help give us relief!
Vote for the bill! Seventh prize is still better than no prize. Full repeal is not happening so let's get what we can!
keep standing on that principal and nothing will get done.. Make a deal Get the best you can get and make it better. where is a compromise
Health care SHOULD SAVE A LOT OF LIVES and not "a lot of money" (tax cuts to the rich). ACA pays Graham and Paul's health care. Hypocrites!
Work to fix it. Be that leader. Don't save OCare over this. #DefundPP
Senator Paul, please support the healthcare bill so that Americans can move to a new chapter. Thank you!
You have done nothing. You are letting the scam go on ripping off families weekly of money they need to live on. Premiums increase again
You didn't run to represent yourself you ran to represent your constituents. Your no votes will bring them single payer disaster.
Stop wasting our Tax dollars, just let Obamacare crash & burn. Then let Americans buy insurance from insurance companies, not the Govt.
women candidates for congress have a rather high propability of placing gender before country:  they should be rejected
And at the rate you're going, you aren't doing either. Stop posturing, please. It's unbecoming.
Everybody has to compromise, you can't get your way exactly (it's an unwise expectation). Please vote: YES.
I wonder does he have that same mentality about his health care coverage?
That's because you are just another treasonous SOB that hates America and its people. You are as bad a politician as you are a "Christian".
TY Rand
then do your damn job and vote for the bill-
Otherwise u r simply useless
I'm sorry, did you just use a gun violence metaphor? Are you fkng kidding me? #RandPaulisanidiot
Amen.
Ya but... can we start somewhere then work on it?
