Senate leaders have agreed not to try to end debate early, and have agreed to four hours of debate under my control to debate these wars.
I will continue to fight, and if necessary, object, to continue this debate , secure a vote and force Congress to do its duty.
How does it feel to be undercut by your own party - just as you continuously do to the GOP agenda.
What "debate" sir? No one debates anymore. Not in Senate. Not outside of Senate. People form opinions and agendas and don't budge these days
I agree.  Rand Paul should retire because he is so much to himself. Get someone who cares about us and pass "TrumpCare"
Continue to fight Senator. We all appreciate it very much!!
Please tell me you weren't surprised by that.
Thank you
I don't necessarily agree w you, but you're such a patriot I have to support you!
You don't agree that, per the Constitution, Congress should have to vote on declaring war before we actually wage war?
Could it be sickening greed of some to profit from war and death. Sickening if so.
Answer this question. It's easy. Why does the USA continue to occupy space in foreign countries when the people don't even like us? Hint $!
What is AUMF?
Authorized use of military force. Was passed post-9/11 to allow military action w/out declaration of war.
I second that thank you. 
Glad to help. :)

It's all about the money in the end!

hello world. Did you know that ?
in #Yemen ONE KID DIES EVERY TEN MINUTES.
Due to the US/UK-backed #Saudi war.
#ActionDayForYemen https://twitter.com/ICRC/status/868466845107470336 …
What we need is New leadership. Paul the RINO Ryan has to be the first to go.
The USA should get the hell out of all foreign countries who can help themselves! Bring our Military and $$ back! Focus on the USA!
Please explain if you can how with the best equipped, best trained, most  expensive military in the world we have not won a war since 1945??
Constitutionally, we haven't been at war since 1945.
So proud to have you as my representative. Thank you for your hard work.
Thank you Senator. We stand with you.
Where the hell was this resolve to do the right thing during healthcare debate ???
Stop interfering with the military.  The politicians got involved in Vietnam and sold out the military.  I was there.
Funny sort of world where people want to end war, and politicians, to extend it.
War is a racket... a profitable racket :-(
http://bit.ly/EndMarriageFraud … #NoVawa4Visa
Tell us something new, our "Senate Leader" is about as good as having a "turd in your soup"! Try either, not worthy, either!!
So you can't agree on healthcare taxes or anything else but we should look to you for security. Do your job then ask for trust!!
Do u understand how the right is helping to make Congress irrelevant
I hope you don't support Mitch McConnell the next time he's up for re-election. Don't care if you're both from Kentucky. 
#ReplaceMcConnell
What else is new? #keepupthegoodfight
Ending the war on terrorism senator is NOT an option.
Unless the head of the serpent is cut off, it will still be dangerous Senator.  The head is in Afghanistan m.  What 7 wars do you mean ?
Where are you liberal colleagues?  Wyden and Booker should have joined you in your efforts to preserve checks and balances! #MAGA
Why waste time nobody wants it.  Stop being an ass and govern.
Thanks for standing.  That AUMF should be reviewed.  Does not speak well of your colleagues.
Give 'em hell, Rand!
Don't we already have a president. This is like Monday morning football coach. @realDonaldTrump
Thank you. I didn't vote for wars!! Please help the president. This is a coup & I don't know why he's allowing it. They're pacifying him.

Rand Paul is Rad!
Expose the neocons, Rand.
sorry, but system is broken
16 years in Afghanistan is enough! Saudi Arabi is our enemy!
Keep it up
Burn the poppy fields.
Thank you for looking out for us Senator.
I hope you stopped them Senator.
You really are a man alone
Thanks Rand! Statesmanship over parties
Thank you for being a beacon of hope for our nation!
It's chicken s*&t obstructionism like that which made these conflicts fester & gave us ISIS,, rather than committing to a decisive victory.
宜しくお願いします。
Stand up end these wars!
Silence is preferred to winning the argument. #sad
Since 1980 though we have a winning record on military police action, lol.
Aren't you the slightest bit concerned that Radical Islamists will strengthen in numbers& capabilities if we pull out of Afghanistan? I am.
IT'S ALL ABOUT CONTROL OF THE POPPIES. FOLLOW THE MONEY
U can't leave, remember what happened last time-ISIS!
Commendable, but part of me wanted you to troll them like you did to Cruz and Rubio some time ago.
Prove it! Support our President! Let's us do what needs to be done. Make us feel safe as Americans again.
They took no quarter on us as a nation 16 years ago. Let's finish what they stated. You say your not an elitist?
a nation that the entire world knows what our capabilities are as it relates to warfare. Let us do our job!
You should replace McConnell or Ryan
Mr.  Paul it's obvious you've led a privileged life.  It's also obvious you've never been a soldier. We are a nation of proud people-
Aww.quit bitching and do your job.Oh and now you know how the democrats feel when you tried to shove healthcare down their throats,no debate
GOP shoved HC down Dem's throats...!?!  WTH are you talking abt? Ur was Pelosi backdooring the infamous o'care. Your comment is ridiculous.
I'm definitely with u on this!
I am with u !
So happy to see that you want another Vietnam.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @SenRichardBlack @RonPaul @TGowdySC @justinamash @RepWalterJones @SteveScalise @Telford_Russian @AE911Truth @FBI
Don't you like our selective democracy. you can always take the issue to the Americans, the industrial military complex cannot pressure us.
Why are you telling us this?
Please explain if you can how with the best equipped, best trained, most expensive military in the world we have not won a war since 1945??
I have long supported you Sen Paul and will continue as a libertarian but I have to ask what's the solution we can't just let Isis retake.
History shows Afghanistan to be a sure waste of American lives....then Russian lives....now American lives again.
That's ol' Mitch for ya
Maybe we stop funding ISIS and let our troops win? You were the only to speak truth and Lil' Marco threatened you on disclosing classified.
I had a good opinion of you,  you keep obstructing one way or the other. Wikileaks's revelation of you takin $ from Soros makes me question
#StandWithRand
This is why we can't have nice things!
Shame! The AUMF was ALWAYS unconstitutional! Reads almost like the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution...Congress has shirked its duty for too long!
Tax cuts now
Get em dude!
Thank you. Rare to see a politician that actually does what he says he'll do.
rand what would you have us do to fight terrorists + taliban? we know who they're scheming to kill...it starts with A and ends with mericans
Trump wants a rubber stamp, not functional government.

#ImpeachTrump
Make these guys work for once! Thank you Senator for keeping americas interests at heart!
For those who need to know, AUMF is "Authorization against military force against terrorists".
I totally agree with you, Bob. We are sick and tired of losing our men & women under these selfish, warmonger's agendas!
Sadly, the establishment has hands in too many pockets. We need a @COSProject to bind those hands. Govt needs to serve the ppl they govern
Sounds like they're not wanting to end all that money making they're doing.
How much of the Senate has been penetrated by the #AwanSpyRing? You should team up with @ChuckGrassley to figure it out. #DrainTheSwamp

Hang in there sir!  We will get that swamp drained!
Not that I support her, but you're going to have to start speaking up like Auntie Maxine waters. It's the only way they understand.
*Waters
You're the absolute man. Keep doing what you're doing my man
