People will be free to pool with people from across the country. Preexisting conditions won't be an issue.
No, how to deal with pre-existing conditions still problematic. Left to market, will have to pay much more.
when people band together and are allowed to act as a group, the market handles preexisting conditions
Didn't before. If folks were able to pay less for insurance which excluded pre-existing, most would.
So how's that work?  Force currently healthy into insurance pools mandated to include folks with significant pre-existing.
Sounds like ACA, without the mandate. Would crash and burn the entire system, as RP correctly notes.
Health savings acct? Where ones saves up funding to pay for their medical care? Saves enough to cover the entire cost of surgery?
no. HSAs would pay for preventative care. Surgery would be covered by health plans.
that means you pay for it. Right now preventative is covered.
but not enough healthy people are in the system to keep the system from collapsing.
it is no surprise that we need to fix ACA. To go backwards is not the solution.
Its not backward. It would be a huge improvement to what we had before ACA and it fixes the huge problems ACA created
don't know what it would entail since we haven't seen it, how can we know? should have had a plan ready. Irresponsible
Is it true 51 million Americans who currently have insurance are going to be without healthcare when this happens?
Is it true that those same people will still have access to no or low cost healthcare?
Like before ACA? Oh wait, they didn't.
yes they did. Another fallacy perpetrated to tie more strings to your life.
No, ER or no Dr till very serious. Ask someone who knows.
I am someone who knows  I grew up using the "social system". It was ER visits always
And that's good? If you paid $, it breaks you. If you paid 0, people's taxes go up.
is the solution?
you claim o care bad but want to legalize cheap , lesser insurance. Hypocrite much
as an insurance agent you would like to weed out the sick and elderly wouldn't you?
I am scared I need this help.
Voluntary Assoc create discrimination for the very sick. ACA provides same coverage for all & allows people to chose their plan !!
@G_Humbertson how does Paul propose to get any replacement bill past a D fillibuster?
You're damning millions of Americans to having no treatment for illnesses. You are a monster.
I disagree with you on a lot including repealing the ACA. But repealing without replacing is wrong and I commend u for seeing that
I have Parkinson's disease through no fault of my own. If I die because I will you really don't care do you?
WHAT REPLACEMENT?
We don't need gov't to establish this freedom.  The more gov't is involved, the less freedom we have.  REPEAL OBAMACARE!
you are right!
USA was founded on principles of liberty, not socialism. NZ has never been a model on which we aspire to emulate.
You seem to forget the AVERAGE American does not earn enough $ to put into a health savings account !!
do you promise that everyone who can buy affordable insurance under ACA will still be able to buy it? #SaveACA
Complete puffery.
hawking "Payday Healthcare" @nickgillespie
And when you force insurance companies to go along, this will be golden.  You do plan on getting them on board as well?
amen
@mariannecope But seriously, are you repealing The ACA just because Obama started it? Because that'd be really petty.
. What? Vouchers? Buying across state lines? Junk coverage? No thanks.

ATTN @RandPaul! Do you AGREE or DISAGREE with @realDonaldTrump comparison of US Intel agencies to Nazi Germany? 

…
I'm a doctor who heals people.  The GOP is killing people.  Don't repeal the ACA--keep and amend it.  #ProtectOurCare #SaveACA
Sorry, but I just don't trust any of your fellows to "manage" a damn thing.
Single Payer
you would be wise to let your Boss (The American ppl) read it. #Shady #Crooked
Fellow physician here. We waste billions due to medical malpractice. Would love a no-fault system like New Zealand. We need this.
Freedom to save money in an HSA. If you can't afford to save money in first place (most Americans), this is useless. @RandPaul
HSAs are a tax vehicle to help people who already are saving money and have employer based coverage. @RandPaul
An issue, but unaffordable deductibles under ACA are worse - even if premium heavily subsidized, can't afford care now.
Your #1 point is best if you promise no tax penalty if ppl don't buy insurance.  Please, please PLEASE talk about this point!
finally said something intelligent Congress won't &!your own state to affected terribly because what you are about to do
States should expand Medicaid program and Medicare should lower 2yr waiting period for disabled people receiving SSA/Disability !
@nickgillespie Replace it with nothing. States are charged with their own burdens in that realm. Not a constitutional duty
Repeal/don't replace.  Get govt out of healthcare.  End 1095. Medicare, Medicaid, VA - singlepayer govt nitemares.
we don't need another "law" limiting our liberty. Repeal is enough.
But Rand is pro governing my body. Is that smaller government?
I'm confused as to what you are asking l and/or what point you're making.
how about banning insurance for routine care? when insurance only covered catastrophic things like surgery, care was much cheaper.
as insurance gobbled up more and more mundane things like office visits and cough medicine, their cost became detached from price
though I suppose it's not a very "libertarian" solution it has historical precedent
his plan is actually a composite of the most popular aspects of health care plans that have been floated for yrs.
2020
problem being I'm disabled I don't have the $$ for a regular savings account. We POOR CANT DO THIS. WHY DO YOU ONLY THINK OF$$
please do not repeal Obamacare without replacing it. Better yet, why put people in jeopardy with a repeal, why not just fix it?
Show love to Trump for putting the drug companies on notice as well. We can't have affordable healthcare without affordable drugs.
need insurance in TENN for my healthy 26 y/o daughter that is less than $5k with $5k deductible.
Listen, RepubliCon: the words "wise" and "conservative" don't go together. #NotMyPresident
The #GOP plan: "Let Them Die." Gee thanks.
You're cutting off healthcare for millions of Americans! How do you sleep at night?
Couldn't agree more. Must have a replacement plan in place so that folks who have come to rely on Obamacare won't be left hanging.
..lame excuse, voting no. That's why you get little respect from Pres Trump, your colleagues, and voters except from your state.
I have been waiting a longtime for the freedom to choose a #publicoption An reform that doesn't include that is a waste of time.
thsts your plan ??????? I had done respect for you but u r just as crooked as rest
you ARE voting it it's replacement at the same time. You're replacing it with nothing but death & suffering. Congrats.
Very simply done, just go back to what we had. Get government out of 1/6 of our economy. We have Medicaid for the uninsured.
Those who will lose ACA coverage MUST be able to get care for pre-existing conditions under new plan! If not, people will die!
no savings accounts. #SaveACA or one better, let's socialize #SinglePayer
In short, you're saying go back to the way it was. 80 million to lose coverage. 4600 per day cancer diagnoses in US-all dropped.
should be easy to vote on nothing.
"You'd be wise to..."? It's appalling you'd repeal anything w/out a smart alternative that's ready to protect these 20 mill. folks
I am 63 & uninsured. Cost is 833 a mo + 6820 deductable. Need to move the low income to Medicaid, increase SS tax ceiling to 500k
repeal the mandate!
Pre-existing conditions
Pre-existing conditions
Pre-existing conditions
Pre-existing conditions
How are you gonna vote on a replacement that doesnt exist????
I'd like to repeal YOUR taxpayer funded healthcare you hypocrite. #SaveACA
you broke your Hippocratic oath
Thnk u 4 standing above partisanship 2 defend our poor. Plz work 2 get more Repubs 2 ensure ACAs fixed or replaced @time of repeal
You think? Nah...
NO REPLACEMENT! Let capitalism weed out the inflated & inefficient companies. Competition will bring prices down 4 EVERYone!
Congress it's great your making plans on changes. Maybe keep them to yourself until after the inauguration. Ssshh!
only repealing because of your racist hatred of @POTUS #shame on all of you.  Party over Country every damn time #GOP
You are correct here, it would be immoral to repeal w/o being to replace right away, people could die, not okay, you are sweet!
Government dictates, like covering pre-existing conditions? Covering black lung? Saving unlimited amounts how? Who has it to save?
thank you!
Yeah, that list is perfect!
How about just letting the insurance free market take over? Across state lines.
Thought you were introducing your new health care replacement this past Wednesday? I knew that I shouldn't hold my breath.
what is the cost of a heart transplant? 1million plus 200k a yr
Stand your ground Senator Paul :)
freedom to go broke trying to pay for plans with higher deductibles than we have now. freedom to die when we can't get insured.
doesn't seem your colleagues are on same page since most of those on Obamacare did not vote GOP. Please Senator keep up good work.
NO REPLACEMENT.
The free market gave us homes, cars, clothes, phones, computers, tv's, and food, but is somehow incapable of providing healthcare?
The only replacement should be a free market with all healthcare insurance companies free to operate in all 50 states.
please keep standing up for us / all of this will go down in history so far you show you care about country over party scary times
With your idea, insurance companies will have THE FREEDOM!!!! to deny coverage to anyone for any reason. You're going to kill ppl.
You're right. Keep pushing. There ARE solutions. I managed a medical practice- all of your ideas are terrific.
Freedom? How about freedom to die, because insurance companies will put back pre-existing conditions. GO AWAY.
you just want people dying in the streets just so you can have your shits and giggles
THANK YOU for being so savy and protecting the success of the process!!
It would be better to get a commitment from Trump and the R's in Congress to killing ACA tax penalty, but so far ZERO will do it!
Everyone! Read this before you jump to conclusions
please keep up this fight for us
Address the cost of health CARE not INSURANCE. Regulate cost markup/transparency, increase competition so we don't need insurance.
@FreedomComics we need major TORT reform too.
Zero times zero is still zero.
Yes Replace with the fixes to prove Republicans know the details and not just sabotaging complaints and toughtalk
You should say that from you chair in the Senate.
Inexpensive insurance? That doesn’t cover anything, isn’t worth the premiums paid, and still saddles ppl with unaffordable medical debt
1/2 Buying insurance across state lines, basically means gutting insurance requirements instituted by the states that protect ppl from ...
2/2 inadequate coverage
Who can save "unlimited amounts" in HSA if you have "limited money"?
You are from and represent KY-I am a nurse in KY-have you been to Harlan Co??????
I have to agree with that.
God Help us... American People need Health Care.
yes without healthcare people could die not being able to afford meds or treatment.
How much is this going to cost the American taxpayer? How about all the Americans who do NOT want it repealed? #SaveACA
and yet, without equal or better replacement, you gladly voted to repeal, added $1T to Deficit, $10T to Debt. What are you?
REPEAL, NOT REPLACE!  Govt out of our personal business, our body, our organs, our bodily fluids, our health care!
@FreedomComics You're the ONLY republican who DIDN'T vote to repeal it! What are u talking about?
you forgot "The freedom to die without the necessary medicine or treatment you need when no carrier will cover you." #Orwellian
keep voting against the will of the people and you will be looking for a job.....grandstander
Because you up bill for your services as if you are a "Board Certified Specialists." Despite that being FALSE!
So again, its the same one voice of Sanity that stood out in the Senate yesterday against repealing ACA without replacing it Symul
Sen. Ron Paul has again, showed the maturity and thoughtfulness that is occasionally missing in the Senate chamber.
Last Night the Senate was busy poping Champagne Cork, and celebrating the path to repealing the law.
Well, I know that a Doctor does not perform hearttransplant without havin a heart ready to put in the Patient.
I have never seen 51 grown men celebrating with Champagne, and Cavier, depriving 20 milllon mostly poor American of health care.
I wonder what they are planning to tell the voters next election
Because can assure them,it wont be swept under the proverbial Rug
Health Savings Accounts have been PROVEN to not work except for benefiting the wealthy. If you hate the poor, at least admit it.
Thank you for not being an obstructionist elected rep.
I Wish Congress had more ppl  willing to stand up like @RandPaul did w the ACA vote
No repeal without a replacement that improves care.
@JuanOcampo41 Great blessing Sir senator..
shame on you.
Set up health insurance like car insurance.  Pick what u need and pay ur own.  Forget employer insurance.  Fix Medicaid for poor
Sir, one step at a time. You do not have to pay those fines or premiums. American citizens do!
Rip that F**ker out be the roots.  Let the market taker over.   Some people will be uncomfortable? People are uncomfortable NOW
All of the above
I agree, as any subsequent replacement will be littered with attachments and fat...
how would you address the COST of healthcare and Rx drugs? If we don't address that part of the problem, we still lose.
You should have fought harder
You just killed my parents who can't afford their prescriptions as it is.  Shame on you.
You and the GOP have ruined the United States.  You have crushed our spirit, sense of right and wrong.   Shame on all of you.
How about the freedom to buy or not buy medical insurance?
Repeal will give leverage on the "replacement" bill, though replacement should be gov't not artificially limiting healthcare.
Ever heard of free market economics? Thought you and your daddy were big on that, not this socialist crap....
just get rid of the mandate and I don't care what you do with the rest of it
wonder why you were pummeled in presidential election. way to stand alone
untaxed unlimited amounts in HSA. The government doesn't need my health money.
very true! Also wise not to rush but bring real value.
Piss on Obamacare. Thank you Rand for working hard. You are a smart man and a doctor who knows how to solve this problem.
Be careful using FREEDOM, it scares the hell out of socialists.
I disagree. Need single payer. Healthcare should be about people not profits but thank you for standing on your beliefs
I'm down but you want to remove preexisting condition.  That's the thorn in your plan.
it would also be great if you protected women and children and the millions of Americans with pre-existing medical conditions.
quality of care was not the issue. The issue was health care for all Americans. Businesses associations help get volume discounts?
unfortunately your colleagues went with the "Repeal and we'll get back to you" plan.
atleast. If the goal is to help the people.
U voted no last night Rand! I voted for u here in KY. We want Obama care gone! I will remember this come reelection time!
how can I ever take you serious again about limited Govt with your no vote to repeal Obamacare!?
thank you for at least pushing for a replacement with the repeal. It's irresponsible and dangerous of the GOP to repeal w/no plan
How will this impact minors in the #FosterCare system and those that age out? Provisions in #ACA to keep coverage to age 26.
then you must first educate on what a good insurance plan covers. A cheap plan in the long run is what causes catastrophic crisis
No. Repeal now, replace later, so that you put pressure others to not foot drag for the status quo.
As your constituent, I ask you to protect the progress we’ve made under the Affordable Care Act in health care and coverage.
You should be ashamed of yourself.
If ins companies underwrite risk to determine rates then and youths do not participate problems will exsist.
Please @RandPaul don't let Congress pass a half assed plan or repeal. We don't need compromise here, we need it done right. #ListentoRand
and for people who cannot afford insurance in the marketplace? pre-existing conditions? birth control?
Do it!!
Rushing this repeal would be bad gov't at its worst. Stand against repeal until quality, viable replacement scheme is ready.
why does healthcare have to be a law? Why does middle class have to shoulder burden? Why are insurance cos. Profiting?
here's the thing, Ranch, the GOP is not wise.
you voted against repealing Obamacare... you are a traitor
I am in full agreement just- please keep Pre- existing conditions for all of those in pain and I'll -keep $ down
and my children's pre-existing conditions???  And chiuaccess programs?? Let's take away your healthcare while we are at it
Yes, but your colleagues seem to care more about party than people's health.  Will you not vote to repeal w/o a bipartisan plan?
yet you didn't did you?
GOP you own this.  30 million http://people.You  are evil. #MakkeAmericaSickAgain
Leave the ACA alone. Improve upon it so that it works for more Americans. You will be personally responsible for many deaths.
If you don't repeal it, I keep my insurance. If you do repeal it, I lose it. Simple as that.
Yes! Thank You Sir! Please do the Right Thing for the people!!
you have put American life's in danger!!
You'd think that you'd make the replacement a part of the bill to repeal it... I mean, if you were smart, which the GOP isn't.
Keep up the great work sir! #Freedom #FreeMarket
How about you curb the amount of money insurance co can make off of AMERICANS. Healthcare for all is not the problem. #Priorities
YOU ARE A MONSTER.
Paul's position is that they should not have repealed w/o replacement. He voted "NO".
Breitbart isn't news. Don't quote that racist anti-Semitic filth at me.
repealing w/o replacement at the same time is inhumane to the 20 million w/ Obamacare & will cost lives ! Thank you for your vote.
If you repeal ACA, you will flood emergency rooms and put hospitals out of business. The uninsured cost all of us: ethically and $
what would the replacement b senator? Freedom? How about the freedom to drop dead from a pre-existing condition no ins will cover?

yet you voted for repeal?  Hypocrite.
Health Savings Accounts suck. Have you ever had that for "health insurance? I didn't think so.
Please stop using the nickname. It is called ""Affordable Care Act". That is what you seek to repeal, with no idea for replacement
after 7 years I'm sure the #ACA replacement is available for all to see
Shame on you for voting to repeal a law helping many millions.
My family has been totally screwed by Obama-care.  Though, glad to hear that we are helping people who are uninsurable.
how about nothing. Not job of gov't to mess up HC. We were fine w/o it.
Agreed.  Work with Donald on it.
you think you haven't had a plan so let's imagine it will all be great again because Trump knows what he is doing Not a clue bully
Republican do not,  do the right thing. They screwed it all up.
could we suggest tax incentives for small insurance start ups?
https://twitter.com/_0hour1__/status/819397628542746624 …
There's no better way to spend the next four years  acting as if government is doing something for the people.
America needs to join the rest of the civilized world and get universal healthcare and education
inexpensive insurance is an oxymoron, healthcare insurance corporations have the public over a barrel
Sounds great!
