Todd you aren't falling for Rand Paul's nonsense too are you? This guy fights against any bill that doesn't have his name on it.
No, he doesn't and no, I am not. 

The Graham Bill will do nothing to fix anything. No free market in it at all.
Rand Paul is the guy who claimed the first repeal had an ind. mandate. A flat out lie. He's a grandstander.
Not a lie at all. Allowed insurance companies to collude on punishment pricing if you were evil and didn't hand the crony CRAPitalists cash.
Collude? Please. Be serious. That's deceptive language. Nonsense issue excuse for Rand Paul to look good like he's fighting for something
Yep, collude. Absolutely.

In the real world, when companies price fix that is illegal collusion. Under idiotic GOP "healthcare" bill, legal
Look, like it or not, most Americans agree w/protecting pre-existing conditions. So how do u stop folks from waiting till they r sick 4 ins?
That is not insurance. Most Americans like toast. We should make you buy it for them.
.@RandPaul GCHJ repeals entire architecture of Obamacare & gives Kentucky control over its own health care. Willing to go over it with you.
.@BillCassidy it keeps 90% of Obamacare spending and 90% of Obamacare taxes. No thanks.
It also hurts Kentucky badly in particular. I don't blame you for voting no!! My family lives in Kentucky. Thank you.
Watch though.. before it's all said and done they'll carve special breaks for Kentucky, Arizona, and Alaska. Infuriating.
Stand your ground !
Rand Paul is a grandstander. That's all. He unreasonable. Its people like him who lied over & over and helped kill the 1st repeal attempt.
Incorporate Sens. Cruz and Paul's input in the repeal Obmacare Bill.
I agree
You should feel what it's like to actually be on Obamacare! Lawmakers were smart to eff over America and keep the good plans for themselves!
Congress did exempt themselves and staff from Ocare that originally supposed 2have. Shit insurance called Ocare only good 4the Amer ppl.
No, it's in the law Congress has same ACA coverage. They did try 2 write in Trumpcare, CONGRESS WOULD KEEP ACA, while taking it from us.
Once the news made a huge deal of it, shocked u missed it, they took it out. Lucky for Congress & us it didn't pass.
for now until something good happens can you at least get rid of the fine? Can't afford insurance and fines are stacking up. HELP
Government dosnt belong in healthcare at all
Are u on Social Security? Pay taxes, have stocks bonds regulated by gov, veteran with Va benefits, get Medicaid Medicare benefits? Gov N ALL
Why is this so impossible to fix?
Please do the right thing Senator! My family is waiting for you to kill the bill! (Not us)!
your pride is more important than helping Americans with overwhelming deductibles. what a disappointment you weigh pride before people
Ur sick and good luck if u didn't have us supporting ur healthcare
U can't support nothing but mic time while we suffer.were voting u out then u can go to fox and get paid to talk . Leastuearnurpay
Ur senator lite chasing mic time while we suffer,the gig is up dr do little
Doing nothing is not helping the people you represent.
Then fix it scream from the roof tops bama care has done nothing but cosr me money it sux
It is a catastrophic bill for the American people per AMA! For whatever your reasons, Thank you for voting NO! It's the correct thing to do!
YOU DON'T SUPPORT NOTHING BUT YOURSELF.  SMDH
I'm sure somewhere in Obamacare they have some usable attributes. One thing is for sure, y'all should do something b4 Bernie gets his way
@lori_konecki I think we need to make sure every vet and their family has coverage and every vet has a home to live in.
We need to make sure EVERY AMERICAN has healthcare and a home to live in.
I don't disagree with that but men who have left  to fight for this country should be top priority...imo
Yes. They should. Putting their lives on the line for us should entitle our Vets yo much more.
I stand with you RandPaul. Obamacare has destroyed my family finances. My premiums have gone up so much I can no longer meet monthly bills.
.@RandPaul WE GET IT... YOU CARE MORE ABOUT YOUR WEALTHY DONORS.. SCREW EVERYONE ELSE...
#WTF benefits for 2.1 million federal workers cost taxpayers $80 billion,Raise #Payrolltaxlimit on #Gov #paycheck will raise $200B #VOTE
RAISE #PayrollTax on GOV #Paychecks and it will Balance #SOONER with less DEBT and or Deficit Spending.#FACT IS its $200B per year $2T in 10
@WesNuttall why replace when Medicaid was massively expanded?  "Repeal & Done" is the best solution!  Can we get #s on expanded $
I just can't figure out why you weren't  given the job of creating a new Healthcare plan
You need to get on board senator we gave you the majority for a reason get rid of Obamacare time to suck it up and do it
In 2018 midterms anyway. Especially the way you'll (Republicans) can't agree on shit together
If it works in some states then why not at least try it. It cant be no worse than what we have now. Your probably going to lose majority...
. I can't support a bill that reinstates Lifetime Caps, ends protection for those w pre existing conditions, ends protection of working poor
so that's your reason. Not that it's a horrible bill that will hurt the people. Your a POS. Single Payer NOW.
WHY WHY CAN'T WE HAVE A STRAIGHT REPEAL????
Mitch is nothing but a BIG FAT LIAR!!!!!!
If the @GOP does push this horrible bill through, they will see the results in the 2018 & 2020 overthrow! People want calm bipartisanship!
@lbasscook Senator we do Not want to pay for abortions and pp selling baby parts for profit please do something about this horror!
anything is better than Obama care yet you chose to keep Obama care, maybe we need another Senator?
America can not keep a Senetor that prefers to keep full Obama care over anything
Please, please vote no.
I STAND WITH U RAND! OBAMA DEATHCARE WAS BUILT ON SAND & LIES &  THEY WANT 2KEEP IT? WE NEED OUR OTHER EMPLOYEES 2TAKE A I Q TEST!
Rand Paul then do something about Obamacare, you're just being an obstructionist. You're in a all or nothing mode. Do something quick
if the LITE = less impact on those currently covered and making affordable for the rest...got my vote!  Whats your intention Rand?
More tax cuts for the rich you mean and a death panel for the rest of us? Graham/Cassidy is an insult to American healthcare!
@SenateMajLdr do you see this?  This is why you are at 18% and falling.  A primary challenge is heading your way.
You won't support anything fucking thing Rand !!! U rather let us suffer with Obamacare then do a damn thing! Where's ur bill asshole !!!!!!
A voice of truth is louder then the crowd of deception.

Get behind our President!
You need to do something before it's to late. Enough is enough! Anything @LindseyGrahamSC will do will support Dems. @realDonaldTrump
Get on board or Republicans will lose in 2018.
Trump x Rand is what we need none of these other phonies
So what.
Yes it is O'care Lite.  But it gets rid of Mandate and we don't have a majority vote for anything else.  I hear you, but u should vote AYE.
But doing nothing and keeping 100% is worth supporting? You need to realize your opinion isn't the most popular & has little chance passing.
your Tweet was quoted in a story by @voxdotcom
Here we go again. The Repubs are nit-picking themselves right out of relevency.
I appreciate what you are saying but we need something.  I have NO coverage.  Need surgery. Can't afford 1600 pm w 15k dedct. Do SOMETHING!
#TrumpsAWhiteSupremacist
the 1st mention of #GrahamCassidy appears on your TL. Now is Trending Topic in United States! #trndnl
Y'all can't get nothing passed because u don't want to
Thank You Rand..Obamacare Repeal Was The Promise.. Repeal Only ! @SenatorRisch @MikeCrapo @Raul_Labrador..Stand Behind @POTUS Agenda  #MAGA
Then propose single-payer like all other industrialized nations, and stop being a rat dropping.
So, you're just like Demon Spawn, Lite? Why don't you try FIXING Obamacare, MOST of us appreciate it.
Rand, you are Randian through and through...completely out of touch with real life...
But,is it any better than Obamacare? Can you people to together and support something? anything?
Who cares nothing will happen Washington is broken
dont make perfection the enemy of a good idea and a solid start. if you dont vote for this you are voting to keep all of obamacare
Thanks, @RandPaul! Make sure to repeal AND NOT replace! Let the free market regulate itself!!
I've learned that Rand is usually right about these things, if he isn't on board neither am I
Not supporting the ACA because you don't like the president that signed it into law is bad medicine for Kentucky citizens.
If your goal was to improve the healh of the people in your state, you would support the ACA not false substitutes.
Does that mean you will vote no
today?
I love how you keep calling it Obamacare... Maybe we should use #ACA and see who wants a repeal then.
Do not fund-let it die.  Tired of working MY butt off while some sit around doing nothing collecting my taxes and chinas debt.  Stop it
@BillCassidy Either of you going to lose your insurance under this? Care to explain that? @SenSanders @SenSchumer @SenGillibrand
We disagree on the reasons, but god I hope u will stick with this bc it is the right choice. Please god we need you to #VoteNo. #KilltheBill
One of the Arts of negotiation is the ability to compromise
Thank you!
The affordable care act should be strengthened to help everyone, not destroyed
It's incontrovertibly an improvement though.. so many good things in it that we won't have if you vote no. Not sure why you would oppose.
I knew my twitter handle would pay off one day!!!!
Great Filling, Less Taste. #ObamacareLITE
I can't support a bill that keeps 90% of Obamacare in place. #GrahamCassidy is not repeal or replace, it is more Obamacare Lite
GOOD!
Isn't a 10% repeal better than nothing?  #GrahamCassidy
A 10% repeal by Republicans means the Republicans approve of the other 90% of #Obamacare.
And doing nothing and allowing Obamacare to stand as it is means what? But I do understand your point.
It's a lose scenario either way. They do nothing, Obamacare continues to fail, giving Bernie the political anguish he needs 4 single payer.
Trump is psychologically unable to move on from Obamacare.  I feel it's only because it's not called Trumpcare.
Senator, by now you folks should've put a bill together! 7 years is long enough.
I'll be honest & let u know up u r not my cup of tea Sen. Paul but now that O'care happened pre-existing happened! U need  2 b on O'care too
Good point as it does toss the mess back to the states so in some screwed up DC swamp monsters way it's new fangled federalism I suppose.
Then where the hell is your bill? Do something. Better yet, go on home.
Thank you, Senator Paul. Please help educate people that insurance networks are really price fixing that drives up medical costs.
You had seven years to get this done. Shame on all of you!!
HOLD THE LINE! FULL REPEAL!!!!
You're named after Ayn Rand, of course you don't care about people in need. Waiting for the poor to die off; is that your "healthcare" plan?
Why dont you just resign. You are keeping ppl down.
You have the poorest state in the union and why they keep voting you in baffles me considering what have you done for your voters??
It doesn't  kill enough people for you!!!!
And that 90 is what makes ACA  a good plan to the AMERICAN PP , Not only for you donors the 1% !!! TRUMP/GOP CARE IS A TAX BREAK FOR D RICH!
Can't wait until we repeal and replace you! #SaveACA
stop running for 2020 and get something done dude
Thanks Rand, my senator dh of nv supports this Approach. I hope your vote a stop this. Get gov out.
Why won't they just repeal it and let states and free mkt take iver
Stay vigilant senator Paul we have very little intelligent representatives in the cess pool in DC we are watching the Republic fall
And we wouldn’t want you to.
You are the only one working on the hill. Thank you rand.
You cannot have "more" of something "lite". Did you mean it's a 'little bit' of Obamacare? Or, did you mean it's "more like" Obamacare lite?
Heres the deal! Get Fed Gov lobbyist loving jerks out of our Health Care insurance policy
You have f*cked us long enough
And you'll vote for it anyway, because that's the GOP sheep thing to do.
Instead of crying about what u don't like,  come up with a workable solution! #urjobsrontheline
THANK YOU FOR NOT KILLING US PLS KEEP OBAMACARE AND IMPROVE WHAT IS WRONG!!
Why can't u just do what's right for the people and fix the ACA?  That's what they want!!
I'm sure you'll cave again, Rand. You always do.
I agree! Keep fighting for us!
Sitting back and criticizing every form of Repeal and Replace will only preserve the Single Payer system and ObamaCare.
You go guys! Take away your constituants health care & kiss your seats good by. I'm sorry, but you won't be missed! #bipolarPOTUS
No you should be saying you can't support a repeal that would kill Americans by denying health care??
Stop being any idiot! Make a step in the right direction first.  You can't get everything at once!
Stop being a part of the problem!
Ohh Randy Paul the man who Never can agree on anything but YET NEVER has a ANY type of a better plan! Reps stay home let the @DNC HANDLE USA
You don't support anything
Well the people want #MedicareForAll. Get on board or get out of the way senator!
Please don't vote for something just for political points. Repeal the whole damn thing. Healthcare is not Gov't responsibility.
Congress is tainted. A few good guys with high standards. #Pray.
Thanks for the no vote. You're still batshit crazy.
You can't support or stand for anything without your donors. What a libertarian! Don't you want state control?
20%
#StandWithRand.  HECK NO NO SUPPORT WITH U 100 NO OBAMACARE NOT ONE SENTENCE OFIT GARBAGE IT RAND ...
Consider the source of the bill then understand why @POTUS was elected to lead the USA
says "NO HEALTHCARE FOR ALL!"
Medicare for All ! (The time has come-long past time, in fact)
You will. ..when your owners ask you.
Rep. For 7 Yr. have talked about fixing Obamacare. GET IT DONE.
You are so right
The high cost of health insurance is due to underlying problem; inefficiency, corruption & greed which permeates our medical infrastructure.
I can't support a government that's been infiltrated & now controlled by some evil conspiracy as witnessed by 9/11. Inside job & U know it!
Until the REAL perpetrators from the malevolent CIA, FBI, Bush admin, etc, are brought to justice the powers will keep squashing freedom.
Grandfather complete repeal. Then craft a bill expanding Medicaid for the less fortunate and implement free market reform for the remainder
agreed, we have an accord, FIRE paul ryan
Just get something done! Compromise!
Thank you!
Why can't you people in Congress solve this problem? Congress should have the same healthcare as the People.
In this case, your Libertarian tendencies will keep people from being killed.  Reject #GrahamCassidy.
#RepealObamaCare
I used to think the best rock throwers Ive met were in the middleEast-then came #RandPaul-he's so ideologically dogmatic he's nearly a cult
Is there ANYTHING you DO support?
Thank you for stance Rand. The American people deserve not to live under fascism.
You need to be voted out!
Rand Paul is right bc Ron Paul is his father not yours Cassidy. #RandPaul2020
What is your alternative to the ACA?
Blah blah blah...you are keeping obamacare in place. Your legacy.

Fewer and fewer people each day care what sticks-in-the-mud like you think. This is your movement's last desperate flail. Enjoy it...
You are the worst.
Did it ever occur to you that leaving people without healthcare is immoral
So in the meantime Status quo? Premiums &  deductibles drowning us.
ANYTHING GRAHAM DOES YOU CAN BET IT IS TO PUSH OVOMITS AGENDA IN THE DEEP STATE! I DO NOT THINK WE SHOULD DO ANYTHING HE DOES! HE IS A LOSER
Stick with ENUMERATED and ONLY ENUMERATED activity.
To anyone here. NO govt involvement in MEDICAL treatments INCLUDING paying for in ANY form. Get the f@#/ing FEDS out of  everyone's health!
Then don't support it, just VOTE for it and keep fighting for something better!! It repeals the individual and employer mandates!!! Please!!
Then get something done for us.  Something that makes our healthcare system better.
Stand firm.  We want that vile thing gone before more die needlessly.  #MyStory #SociaizedMedicineKills #GetOutOfMyInsurance
I haven't seen anything you support! Not only do you hurt Kentucky, but all the USA
Come on @RandPaul give this thing to the states Let them figure the need of their people You all can continue to remove what doesn't work
Can you put up a full Repeal of Ocare. Except: Keep pre- existing and add no Stateline(s). Period. 
@POTUS @SpeakerRyan @SenTedCruz @vp
Amen! Don't fold thank you for supporting the American people 
