You have a man coming to D.C. that's not afraid to stand alone when standing for principles.  Help is coming.  #RoyMooreForSenate
Sure, and while we're at it, arrest dem queers for sexin in the privacy of their own bedrooms.
Oh yeah.  We really don't care what you do in your bathroom in Alabama.  You're safe.
Has nothing to do w/a bathroom. Has to do w/ his corruption, and him denying basic rights to people. Must be AL is one of the poorest states
You do realize your state is bankrupt right?
I do, yes, and we're bankrupt for the same reason, we elect corrupt politicians.
You are bankrupt because liberal economic policies don't work.  You simply can't spend more than you bring in in revenue.
... looks like the only difference between CA and AL is that we have better weather.
Roy Moore has already proven his Moxy, just like Sheriff Joe Arpaio. Watch out RINO's in 2018!
Arpaio and Moore have no respect for rule of law. They are both idiots, and Arpaio is a blatant racist. But that's what trump is about.
Emotional mental midgets always resort to ignorant labels like "idiot" and "racist". Pitiful.
I'm getting the picture here: https://twitter.com/Bruce28783748/status/914268013435789312 …
TRUMP loses again!
Again? First time someone he endorsed didn't win. Again? Go back to putting linoleum on floors.
Trumpism won... so what you think is of no consequence. Go learn how to "inspect" tile floors. Linoleum sucks.
Typical lib: resorts to name calling because illiterate on the merits. SAD is © Trump... not your term mister inspector.
There were no winners in Alabama last night. You may want to research candidates more thoroughly.
You need to remember @RandPaul that you serve at our pleasure. Get to supporting the president's agenda or you'll be gone with Luther.
trump's agenda is un-American and destructive. Luther strange was fully endorsed by trump, so that doesn't even make sense. You're a sheep.
STOP TRYING TO BAIL OUT OBAMADEATHCARE WE R HURTING OUT HERE.  HSA FOR EVERY CITIZEN
Rand Paul,I respect your stand on Life at Conception,but like repealing ACA,you've failed. Get busy!
Rhinos on notice , tell McConnell, we want our country back !! I respect you sir but action needs taken , drastic measures.
Primary all of the bastards out!
ITS TIME TO RUN THE NWO OUT OF THE REPUBLICAN PARTY, RIGHT INTO JAIL. GIT IR DONE.
Gotta be kidding me. He's disgusting. Keep making friends with the worst politics has to offer and you'll become like them.
Love you man, but please...just no. The guy is a piece of garbage.
Thanks, Rand. For doing absolutely nothing - - #Obamacare still exists.
There will be more Moores if you don't get your ducks in row! We are tired of your BS mouth speaking from both ends!
Stop this partisan b s! The country needs leadership not partisans! Applies to both sides of the aisle.
Thank you Rand for working with POTUS!  #openmarket 
#taxreform
Paul for 2020
I tried to RT this but got a message it had been deleted.
Are u kidding!! he's a fanatic
Thank God. Another conservative to go against RINOS like Paul, Collins and that Alaskan lady
We want MOORE ...WE WANT #MOORE....THANK U #ALABAMA...OR BAMA....NO SOUTHERN MAN DONT NEED A SWAMP CREATURE (STRANGE) ANYHOW..
#StandWithRand
Bama sending Moore to burn it all down. Most know his far right stance won't fly nationwide but so what. Balances things more in our favor.
Get used to it, it's a referendum on a gov that is utterly corrupt, it's sad! campaign finance reform now! Audit the FED!
@DrRandPaul often disappoints me.
To bad he’s not your replacement
Hope he is a true Republican
Hopefully another repeal vote. When repeal is accomplished the Dems. will want to help replace it. Repeal OBCare now!!!
You are the great defender of Obama care
Rand Paul needs to leave congress
Why not get a backbone and slap Rump too. He went there cost us $ ranted about everything. All about his ego. Rand?  Backbone or ass kisser?
Its time to remove the small business exemption from the senate and  congress that pays 73% of their health care premium. Not small business
Stop wasting space and get something done in the senate. You can hold your values AND compromise. It's called politics. do it.
to Judge Moore. 🖓to Paul.
worry more about ur lie that u would help replace obamacare-ur r being an obstructionist RINO!
Perhaps he’ll inspire you to do your job @RandPaul 
You've got to be kidding! Stop with the "repeal" crap and work with the Dems to #FixTheACA.
Yea now another rand Paul in senate terrible
Rand & Ron Paul should get out there and campaign for the Judge. 
Seriously??

How much do you actually know about this guy? 

And the @GOP sinks lower...

#VoteThemOut #TheResistance
Another nutjob possibly heading to the Senate? Are there any Dems or Inds left in Alabama to stop the insanity?
Now vote yes and end mandate the rest of tge afc will fall fast then
Yeah, he is an outsider, which is what we want to replace ALL Washington elites with!!
Hope he cares more about this country than you RINOs do.
A homophobic racist unseated twice judge and you can  congratulate where did your father go wrong with you
You are standing in the way of Obamacare reform, you are now blacklisted.
There will be more Republican Senators sent home in next election because of their belief voters want their agenda rather than Trumps! WRONG
We weren't kidding on Nov 8th......
CONGRATULATIONS ON SAVING O'CARE & LETTING PEOPLE SUFFER. YOU MUST BE VERY HAPPY PAUL Sr. IS JOINING YOU. AT LEAST NOW YOU WON'T STAND ALONE
Hope we see some firebrand desk-pounding from Moore instead of the impossible-to-see Luther. Rand for Majority Leader.
Why congratulate a bigot?
SenPaul please find a way 2 work with us 2 change ACA before sure disaster "We The People" need y'all 2 do something!
He's nuts.
Thanks for your no vote for single payer healthcare!
So gross. This man represents the worst of us.
Tweet should read: From the guy who saved O'care, congratulations @MooreSenate on your impressive victory tonight. 

Love,

Obama-Rand-care
You guys need to get rid of Obamacare, or we're going to vote to get rid of many of you. Promises are meant to be kept Senator.
Now get to work. Repeal and Replace Obamacare. Rember what you all said you would do. Despicable!
your pinned tweet is abt upholding the constitution, but you support a religious zealot who wants to impose narrow-minded beliefs on others.

Yes!  It's called Draining The Swamp!
Thank you sir for standing for the constitution. Alabama is sending reinforcements. Keep fighting for the 10th amendment sir.
Next stop, therapy to help @MooreSenate correct his false views on just about everything,
congrats to Roy
thank you for caring for the majority of Americans health care
Congratulations....
Too bad Moore is unimpressive. Thanks to Alabama we will now have a near psycho in the senate
Just hope he is a trusted vote for @POTUS agenda.
Maybe he won't LIE to US like most others in GOP did to get VOTES and $$$....Primaries are coming!
Thanks for ensuring that we're stuck with the doubled premiums and tripled deductibles of Obamacare.
#resignAndGoFuckYourself
What don't you try working with your President for a change
BAMA loves Judge Roy Moire
Hopefully this is what will happen to your sorry ass...and soon...
You're disgracing your office and oath again, Rand. Try again.
You’re job is safe Senator bc youre not a RINO! Let the RINOs know, more losses are coming their way!  #DraintheSwamp
Good.  Now, let's actually SOLVE the century-long issues in this country.   Enough of the game-playing nonsense at the taxpayers' expense
Now you're asking too much....
As always.  Decades of the SAME EXACT ISSUES.  Hmm.  Wonder why that is.  Gotta keep the People in that special "sweet spot" for control/$$

Would you please just sit down & shut up! You've done Enough damage this week
Base said no to the Swamp.......McConnellites not welcome, only bringing in MAGA folks. #SayNoToTheRino 
A Great win for Alabama and the Senate,But I have to say I was Dumfounded to find that Billions of our tax dollars was spent on football.
@RandPaul hoping you and Senator Moore can accomplish things to MAGA!
Repeal.  No replace.
But, He may miss you in the Senate next time around!

What difference does it make? You people make promises and go to congress and don't fulfill them. #Obamacarerepeal
shut up Paul we kentuckians will vote you and ditch out.
R
Wow, a socialist congratulating a conservative.  You left us with O'Bamacare! Tax increases to pay for it are now on the way.
Oh Rand
Hope he is a better REPUBLICAN than You
Is it true @SenateMajLdr wasted 30 million of GOP cash on his owned puppet..loser?
Clown car has an extra seat?
Nah
I hope u have stuff set aside & ready. When/IF @GOP gets its act together, u're probably not going to have enough time to what needs passed
Moore is a States Rights Conservative.  The left doesn't understand defying a Federal Court order to defend your States Constitution.
GOP supporters really fed up with the establishment. My fear is that by time the @GOP gets its act together, it'll be too little too late.
Congratulations to Rand Paul on his payoff from Big Insurance to keep status quo !!
You're a hypocrite Rand. You opposed to #RepealAndReplace #Obamacare & we will repeal and replace you.

#POTUSTrump 
#MAGA
Gross
.Hey Mr Paul have you spoken to the people who can't pay their hlthcare premiums this month? Hey! Maybe you can pay prems since urs is free!
Senator Paul, why do you fight against the repeal and replace bill? When it goes to the Senate revisions will be made. We cannot afford ins.
Are you fucking kidding me?
I can't believe you supported this clown in public. What a hypocritical shallow public leader you've turned out to be.
ew, no
You forgot a word or two -  impressive victory of "hate and intolerance"  He's deplorable and thrown off the bench, great 'win' @GOP

obamas antifa
What a total disgrace for those that kneeled in congress today!  Total disgrace!  POTUS is not racist although the Democrats sure are!  
Easier to be a Libertarian when ur #BornRich
Where is our FULL #REPEAL you promised?
So for someone who supposedly upholds the Constitution, you're congratulating someone who clearly doesn't!
#NoMooreHatred #NoMooreRacism
Get ready for next elections in your district Mr Paul. Fighting POTUS every turn will not bode well. Build the wall and vote for New Health
Senator Rand Paul is fight for the agenda trump run and will win reelection while senator rino like graham and cassidy packing.
You killed Graham-Cassidy
Fresh Meat
So impressive.  Grotesque.  You all OWN this bigotry.
So, Roy Moore waving a gun like a drunken hick and Stone bragging about his threads has me thinking a bit on Trumpers. Tweetstorm begins. /1
Get on board with the health care bill! Stop obstructing
Please get your Act together with our President or Get Out. You are embarrassment to the Party, Again.
Stick with the winners unless of course they beat you head to head!
One less swamp creature in office I am not from Alabama but I would've voted for Moore
Yay!!!!!! Congrats @MooreSenate Mooresena!!
Rand- YOU MUST HALT UR SUPPORT OF BAIL REFORM! BEG U!
Yay!
You don't have to congratulate him. You could just say nothing.
If a black candidate pulled a gun at a rally he would have been shot dead by his own security
And a great win for we grassroots conservatives..who are sick of the establishment elites...who do not keep promises...also win for Bannon
Congrats to you Rand for still not accomplishing jack shit despite majority in House and Senate.
How about a Paul-Cruz Bill?
Cruz loves big gov too much. Cruz loves endless undeclared war and illegal monetary policy so he's actually a socialist.
There is NO shame in standing up for your moral beliefs...for tooo long CHRISTIANS have been vilified.
Not sure who is worse...Strange or Moore! Nothing to celebrate!
A SENATOR WITH GOD BELIEF IS WELCOME ALL THE TIME; MOORE SENATOR WELCOME!
Congrats senator for keeping Obama care alive.
No that graham and cassidy wherre keep Obamacare live by rewrite they thought the public stupid but pubic fought back and made the bill fail
Amen
#StandWithRand
yes
Hope they come for you next.
Are you freaking kidding?  Is this really the best the #GOP has to offer?
Congratulations? Moore is a horrible choice for the liberty-minded...
Good to see you'll have a new friend in the Senate.  Congratulations, Senator @MooreSenate
Please tell us you dont actually support this guy!
Theocracy is never good, Rand.
Get taxes done !!! Enough already !!!!!!
Great....but we all still have Obamacare.
The Idiocracy.
Yay! Congratulations!
Did you know HATCH has been in office since I was SEVEN YEARS OLD! (47 now) He is 83 years old. This is NOT working.....
if the "powers that be" WILL NOT RECOGNIZE THIS IS THE PROBLEM. This is WHY things don't get done then.....
it's up to the American voters to implement TERM LIMITS! Our way......VOTING! It's all we have left! Our only voice in this MADNESS!!
Serve your time for this country, then go back to your "farms" as it was designed to be. You all have turned politics into a HOBBY....
Not a JOB SERVING YOUR COUNTRY AND IT's CITIZENS!
Roy Moore is dangerous. He believes in Christian sharia law. Alabama sends him to Senate to make law--10 Commandments on all buildings!
I just hope he stays away from you and can do something positive for the people. You've done nothing.
Rand Paul has done more then you every will force tyrant to reform the patriot act not renew and replace with something elese.
You waiting for senate to fill full of Libertarians?? That will happen about same time 100 million people quit welfare
Now PLEASE #DTS and establishment and start getting things done and passed for the ppl of this country 
Moore is the antithesis of a libertarian. Endorsing him would be betraying your principles in favour of partisan tribalism.
You could have had more help if you threw McConnell under the bus instead of helping him get re-election. Rino season has officially began.
We're doing our part to send you, @SenMikeLee and @tedcruz help in the senate. Round two down with one to go. #MooreSenate #PJNET
I like you Rand, I would have voted for you for president. But please explain how you get so idealistic, unable to do anything??
Rand Paul loves #Obamacare
We don't need any more road blocks. If your only achievement is to stop every bill, it's time for you to go. Get a bill thru or you're thru
U da man Rand!
U should also offer congratulations to McCain, Collins, Murkowski and company who helped without meaning to.
And CRUZ
Please pardon if misunderstand, I was being sarcastic about McCain, Collins, and Murkowski.  Cruz is a conservative as Moore is.
Cruz was one of the 4 who would not vote for last HC  try. I know he says he's a conservative. I was not being sarcastic.
The last time it was McCain, Paul, Murkowski, and Collins that voted against it.  Cruz is a conservative.
Hope your paying attention Senator.
You all need to come together and pass repeal and replace and stop cowering to the democrats.  You all were voted in to do a job!
Now you both can agree to disagree with anything, congratulations
He thinks Sharia law is established in Illinois. He thinks homosexual activity should be outlawed. You have integrity. Do better.
thanks for keeping obamacare in place for the foreseeable future, never imagined this would happen. how will u get 60 votes?
Graham and Cassidy where keep Obamacare and would cost majority because own the obamacare if that garbage pass.
