right after Merrick Garland Sir.
sorry barry does not get that choice we voted you lost
I didn't know it was between me and you, Aren't we all Americans? We all lost
no we won time for you libbies to get a job, go Mr Trump!!
Trump won (?)through voter suppression and Russian interference, as a proud veteran & American am appalled.
I was USMC you sound like airforce correct?
no reply gruber ?
I'm thinking Boy Scouts?
@POTUS appointment of Judge Gorsuch is a wonderful appointment. Hearing another SCOTUS seat may open as well through retirement!
MERRICK GARLAND
HUMBUG
Stolen SCOTUS Seat
hahahahahahhaa "ELECTIONS HAVE CONSEQUENCES" - BHO
Repeat... STOLEN SEAT
(deep breath) and HAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
at least we can laugh
your comrades need to get their butts in gear and start moving things along or they're going to get bounced out
garland should be seated
LOVES THE CONSTITUTION AND THATS WHY WE LOVE HIM!!!
Not. There was a judge selected a yr ago. Ignored and shunned. Weak repubs are no excuse for true justice.
Too bad McConnell passed a regulation that it cannot be done during an active campaign! #MerrickGarland
This seat needs to be filled NOWSCOTUS needs directionAs long as Appellate courts know they can roll SCOTUS without him
#StandWithRand
and.... these Democrats,  stop the hate and start doing what they were elected to do for our country! #MAGA
His name is not Merrick Garland, so the Dems will give this clown every consideration that you gave Judge Garland.
What are you doing about Trump and Russia? Why is treason not the most important agenda item for the Republicans?
@antoinette2645 Senator Paul, please stay involved with the healthcare discussion. We need your deep knowledge on the topic.
You mean Merrick Garland? We, the citizens, are paying attention. Let's talk about Russia.
now you want a confirmation? Are you going to change the laws in your favor to stop a Dem block? If so, shame on you.
not soon but now.
Bought by one day of golfing? Oh my!
the DEMs are so blind in envy they think they can undo what "We The People" voted for.
Booooo!! Ugh!!!  Move on Merritt Garland first!!!
has he been talking to Mother Russia also?
 u Senator!! keep up the good fight in the swamp - careful for the swamp skunks - they seem to be more rabid than usual
after Garland gets his rightful hearing
Stolen seat. Thieves, all of you.
I don't understand how you guys completely ignored Garland, regardless of party we can't set this shit precedence.
of course you do. #notmyrepublicanparty
Sure you do. No surprise there. #RESISTANCE why don't you actually do something constructive?
you would he always sides with the rich
but Garland wasn't qualified?
I hope they move as quickly as you did with Merrick Garland.
Like you did with the opening for the SCOTUS one year ago, right? #hypocrite
trump already is campaigning for 2020, I thought u believed in not pushing a SCOTUS nominee during a campaign
Probably shouldn't be tweeting during the president's address.
.@RandPaul what was your position on Merrick Garland, hypocrite??
Merrick Garland
you might be the biggest fraud there is

oh, for the seat you stole? You're disgusting
how about Obama's Judge Appointment? Or do you believe in breaking rules and Party over Country & People @CitizensFedUp @LeeCamp
sit down rand
Lotsa luck
They should move as fast as they did with nominating Merrick Garland.
so he can begin to take away the rights of LGBT people
no sooner than they moved on Garland
I wish you would applaud the concerns of your constituants about health care and environment at a town hall
He can get in line behind Merrick Garland.
what about judge Garland?!!
Work with @POTUS and not against him! #DRAINTHESWAMP
like with merrick garland????
no one cares. Go back to irrelevancy
like you have Garland a fair shot. Just sayin'
also #confirmdancoats
it was stolen !!!!!! Literally stolen !!!!
nope! Not until Obamas pick is confirmed
The same quick response you guys gave to Merrick Garland????

You've got a lot of gall.
Yeah because you should be applauded for stealing the appt the american ppl voted for.
Not really the time for this. A bit self-aggrandizing.
I don't know, Trump's in his last term.  We should probably wait until the next election is over.
No hurry
No, you blocked Merrick Garland. How quickly you forget?
get to work!!!
#Hypocracy  Democrats had the right to appoint the next judge and republicans broke the law by refusing a hearing
No need to hurry as you said 12 months ago...
Right after Merrick Garland, Randy
hahahaha sadly, folks, he's serious
welp time to drop rand Paul thought he had sense
I'm sorry, we are to close to the next election and the next president should be allowed to fill that seat. #Jointsession
me too, interest to see your healthcare plan
Yes! Judge Gorsuch is a good,and fair person,I believe.
@JodiTarvin @RandPaul keep voting all Dems out! Vote them all out!
I'll vote for you every time you run.
So what's the hold up?
there's my favorite senator
