@dwarflings @foxandfriends Seems they are trying to make everyone happy .. I'm ok with that as long as the plan  is a good one ..?
It's not.
Oh .. I've not had a chance to read up on it yet .. bummer
Instead of having a mandate to pay to gov, there is a mandate to pay insurance companies
want to hear your
YES we want to hear your plan!
require upfront pricing for medical providers
I don't like this plan, dump it all.
Nothing wrong with tax credits if u actually pay taxes! Husband will pay fines if U Don't REPEAL!
@aGirlisN0one Conservatives agree with you Rand!!
Fully do the clean repeal then replace with a patient centered market driven plan.
Stop lending credibility to Fox and Friends! oh wait, Trump watches that exclusively. Go ahead.
is we'll not "will"
Just bring your own plan to the senate floor forba vote!!
Doesn't appear that way now. Need to include law against pharmaceutical Co price gouging meds prescriptions!
Don't care.  Cut my taxes first.
put a list of the ones hiding it and making it Obama 2.0 lite! Then we do not vote them back in!
please make yourself heard on the large associations for small business and farmers for example. Will work.
Why is gov't & not free market involved in healthcare? GOP selling out American people to save own arses #MAGA
Still the spoiled brat that got left out of the game.
it's not unregulated if "Cadillac penalties " still there
On fixed income it's a big deal

Ins was something earned
The President needs ALL THE SUPPORT HE CAN GET! Pls work together! Love, We the People!
great replace it with Medicare for all. Stop trying to take away my grandparents affordable coverage.
Fight for a #fullrepeal It's got to go!!
Please support KY Healthcare by opposing this terrible plan!
How about first addressing @POTUS accused @POTUS44 of serious crime w/o evidence. Or does @GOP believe this is OK?
So I guess your grandstanding against everything that doesn't suit you perfectly makes you...Cruz lite?
Well stop whining get over there and work it out we are tire of talk, arguements and dragging your feet!
Now there is a 30% penalty for not buying insurance. how is this an improvement?????
A serious venue for a serious topic.
lets start calling that plan after Trump.  After all, he's the President now, and he gets to own it!
@realDonaldTrump America believes POTUS will push the right agenda as you will.  #MAGA 
@GrrrGraphics @foxandfriends 1 problem is the tax credit to replace subsidiaries is most people will not save this for insurance
I admire you for standing up against your party but your justification is absolutely baffling. You worry about harm to ppl, right?
Go get em Senator Stand up for your bill No Obamacare lite!!! No more Medicaid expansion tuff decisions NOW!
some days I respect u. But then u  entertain the most biased on @foxandfriends and as a KY constituent I realize u r not serious.
it is horrible!
Same cronyism taste, fewer calories ! #ObamacareLite #ACA
Try not to badmouth your party every day and try making helpful suggestions to better the bill. U sound like Pelosi
Obamacare Lite? I'd call it Republicare.
Please hold toes to fire. Not good enough. Push to healthcare and insurers to help with solution. Look across world
Classic RINO move here folks. Protect the insurers and screw the public. There's not enough honest GOPs for change.
.@RandPaul @foxandfriends They have a good start but it's not great yet! Set them straight!  You can do it!
Awesome job Senator R Paul. Totally with you, I sold health insurance you are correct. Tort reform would help, too
keep fighting this @RandPaul .. I like your thinking on health insurance ~ u r correct on all of this!!
Absolutely! Cannot tweak O'care and call it a fix. Repeal the whole damn thing.
I mean.. it's what we were promised by this administration..NOT a tweak..
Secure borders, Repealed Obamacare, strong military & rebuild economy. Nothing less.
thank you for remaining principled . I wish you were in charge.
@GOP cronies @SpeakerRyan trying to pass Rinocare betraying GOP voters again @POTUS @realDonaldTrump  @seanhannity
no rand it's not ! Obamacare is repealed. Forcing ins. To do couple things is good they've lobbied favors for yrs.
Have you written plan? Btw, no one is forgetting your "Republicans shouldn't investigate Republicans" bullshit.
