@ Make conservatives clarify desire for lower cost insurance is not adequate  & will cause bankruptcies like pre-Obamacare
is @RudyGiuliani on kremlin protection program?didn't he always predict when more Hillary emails were being released?
@JoeNBC @morningmika @WillieGeist ...And Trump Family gets richer, while we wait for the investigation to conclude.
"The American people have a right to know if their President is a crook." -- Richard Nixon
@StacyBrewer18 @RandPaul I wouldn't watch your show if I was paid $10,000 anymore
Good, now quit tweeting about it, meditate, and get some peace.
Single payer is the only way.  It is evil to profit on the backs of the sick.
Shutdown funeral homes.  It's evil to profit off the backs of the dead.
Are you invested in funeral homes?
The seat(s) on the Supreem Court does not belong to Justice Scalia, or a political party, it belongs to us. Period. #SCOTUS
Yet, the choice of judges is made by presidents/pol parties. Rs stole the pick from Ds. #SCOTUS
Republicans should be more threatened by their voters than a corrupt and inept President re: Health Bill
@Jim_Jordan As a Dem, I find it hilarious GOP has been whining 4 8yrs & finally get Pres & he's being investig by FBI
thr only thing investigation will prove is Obama surveilled.  Get ready cause it's gonna hurt
like I said it's gonna hurt.  The box is open no telling how deep the Obama WH corruption might go
it's a good thing that I watch MSNBC no body else does damn how much they pay you people to be left leaning.
Don't think it's Left Leaning 2 speak truth. Trump IS under FBI investig. He lied bout Obama. TRUMPCARE IS in trouble.
how foolish your remarks have now proved to be
Jordan-"bring back affordable insurance?" When was it affordable?
Some may be afraid of CROSSING the Koch's and other big money if they vote for healthcare bill, campaign money??
GOING ON TRAITOR'S SHOW REMOVES ALL DOUBT YOU TO BE AN IMPOSTER ALIGNED WITH THE ENEMIES OF THIS REPUBLIC
why do u only bring on Reb's that agree with U. Shows a major lack of confidence in your position and ur intelligence
#StandWithRand
How about forcing pharmaceutical companies to lower their costs. They could probably cut them in 1/2 & still profit
Insurance profiteers cannot possibly be of value in this discussion.
Haha.....the ACA replacement plan is 'hope.'  Is that a joke?  Buying groups are a joke.....just like the exchanges.
#FullRepeal!!!
No thanks..Sen. Paul...I never watch MSNBC=awful
@StacyBrewer18 Two Republicans go on Morning Scmoe to trash Trump.
FAKE NEWS FAKE NEWS FAKE NEWS FAKE NEWS FAKE NEWS FAKE NEWS FAKE NEWS FAKE NEWS FAKE NEWS FAKE NEWS FAKE NEWS
Those two won't be happy until the derail the burgeoning economy.
President Trump gave them a warning and their voters will vote them right out of office if they don't get on board.
THANK YOU for not having that twit Mika on this morning
No one understands how insurance works. Insurers call the shots bottom line. Affordable coverage cannot be promised thru legislation alone.
WHAT IS THE REPLACEMENT PLAN?  There is none.  What we had before ACA was unaffordable.
So, MSNBC wants a a farther right Health Care Bill?  Oh, wait. That's right, they just want to slam Trump. It's MSNBC
Jim Jordon doesn't care about people. He's a radical extremist and is a cult thinker.
ITS NOT GOVERNMENT INSURANCE ITS PRIVATE INSURANCE MADE AFFORDABLE BY TAXING THE RICH.
TRUMPCARE Amendment: WORK REQUIRE FOR POOR TO GET BENEFITS, YET no work require for rich to get benefits & tax cut?
Explain HR676 Medicare for all
will there be a cost eval. on the changes to this bill or do repub. pass blind. no bill better than bad bill
.@Morning_Joe @RandPaul 

End un-American over-regulation of U.S. families living overseas!

STOP #CBTax #FATCA #FBAR 

#FreedomCaucus
Trump has no credibility period ! Passing a bad bill like this one isn't going to help him , !
Thanks Willy for taking the helm at the Morning Joe Show nice to have a break from Mika !!!!!
it seems that our country is at its low right now. We don't trust Trump at all. No knowledge coming from him. Worried
fake news and lies
@Jim_Jordan I salute Rand & Jim for taking their message everywhere, ratings be damned.
Jim Jordan represents @CityofElyria is a very depressed area
Reins Act....  fold up this dog and pony show.. kangaroo courts.. Its Over...
#RockvilleRape
Your show this morning 3/22 is so very much better without Mika. She interrupts to many times and at bad times!
the enemy of one's enemy is one's friend
and no one will be watching lol
bet #maryland #rapist were collecting #FREE #HEALTHCARE  #TaxesOverRAPE CityCouncil SAY its 4 TAX $ #WTF, #Kill4TAXCash

Dems vote against judge! Trumps supporters are on the endangered species list. Even FOX poll shows!
Make republican senate use nuclear option & lose even MORE supporters. GOP now equals DIRTY POLITICS thank you POTUS
Senator and GOP ---let's not win a battle and lose the war!
Why is taller than pushing from Montenegro?

anyone aligning one's self in anyway we djt needs to be sent packing not to mention he was nominated by a traitor
Joe is feeling GOP again this morning.  Go Rino Joe!
Talk abt:"I just don’t think it’s useful to be doing investigation after investigation, particularly of your own party." Iconic
#JanBrewer "If his legerdemain did not remain inimitable, what could he possibly be, to us, for us [conservatives]?"
Nothing on the rape of 14 yr. Old by NBC. Pathetic!!
There is NO government run Health plan a Libertarian would agree with. Of course you don't see Rand rejecting his.
Another day, another dollar in land of Trump's GOP mafia.
we care about the rape in Maryland why do you avoid it
@MarkHalperin  Hey Mark stop making assumptions you predicted HRC win till that Tues evening learn from your mistakes
