#Our444million being used 2 build new fed prison in #Appalachia KY. How about Education #greenjobs? @LetcherGovProj
@vanambb absolutely!  This is beyond ridiculous!
Here's an idea from a citizen, not a political entity. Do away from privatized prison system. It perpetuates more people imprisoned 4 profit
You had better get after @jeffsessions Senator Paul
How about introducing and passing legislation that starts getting people home - like HR64. #CJReform
Yes, let's get rid of all of 0bama appointed judges would be a great start!
Rand I love you but what about health care, the wall, tax cuts,,,come on Rand tighten up the lose screws
Yeah, worry about criminals instead of those of us that pay for them? Priorities of these morons...
Yes more white conservatives need to be jailed for climate denial
I look forward to the day when #Trump is in jail with Greenspan, Benanke, Yellen, Obama, & Clinton Cartel.
I look forward to the day Obama, Soros, Clinton, and JARRETT are in jail!
Good luck with that.
You have to go through AG Jeff Sessions, @realDonaldTrump  & #PresidentBannon first.
many innocent minorities are targets everyday what a shame I thought this was America. They will look up blacks but not illegal immigrants
Start with ending pot prohibition.
Legalize pot and use the tax revenue to pay for drug treatment for harmful drugs and to fund healthcare for poor Americans. Common sense.
How about having people help themselves! What a novel idea!
http://www.cnn.com/2014/04/02/justice/delaware-du-pont-rape-case/index.html ….  No disparity in America's courts. None at all
It needed it yesterday!!
Ban prisons from gaining profit on forced labor. Decriminalize drugs; in turn invest in social improvement and see crime fall.
Costs to keep/care for prisioners are wayyyy too much. This needs fixed!
Low level offenders should be home arrested and followed with leg bracelets
Excuses for bad behavior,  I am poor, my family made me do it, and blah, blah, blah!
You should introduce a bill to legalize all drugs and realease all non violent drug prisoners. It would instantaneously fix the courts
I think more community service & self-funded rehab are amongst many sentencing alternatives that could be considered
 thank you Sen. Paul!
Good, you pay for it!
Well that's just it, Carolyn...they're doing community service or paying for their own rehab,  no money coming from the taxpayers at all
Maybe we should IDK build a wall.
The only reform that needs to be done is to bring back the death penalty and enforce it for murder!
Legalize marijuana & de criminalize simple possession of other drugs.
The perception of poverty/vagrants as being automatically a crime adds to local costs. Unless real harm done, move on to real crimes.
He could careless. Watch what he does or doesnt do. Rand is a brat.
SO, end the War On Drugs already.  And, end for-profit prison corporations.  And, make taxation PROGRESSIVE, for a change.
And the saddest part is, how many of these souls were in the foster care system at some point. I was adopted from Michigan Foster Care.
Start whacking the hardened criminals. Less crime immediately
Senator Paul:

Is there anything you can do with respect to the Federal Reserve? Many problems there! Will it take a crisis to address them?
Yes, Leakers,corrupt politicians need to be on the receiving end of it.Not much said about all the clinton garbage. You must support it.
Do tell us Sessions isn't involved in talks.
Agreed. As does our fiscal profligacy. Make your father proud, stand up to the insanity of unconstrained spending and money supply growth.
@RandPaul criminal justice system is in good hands for at least the next 4 yrs. Pls focus on AHCA and Fed debt.
Anything you work with Dems on is suspect. Dems aren't interested in making America great.
Put obama in prison
Yeah, you politicians are getting away with murder...OUR country!
#StandWithRand
Lol, good luck with the bipartisan part! 
@RandPaul you continue to surprise me, now if you can get the senate to take a good look at the #trumpbudget #trumpcare
A solution: stop committing crimes. Seeming correlation between obeying law and not being incarcerated
Start putting Jeff Sessions in prison.
Stop minority slavery within prisons, give vote back to the people
I look forward to a solution period. Bipartisan or not. Can't expect much from the donkeys, I hope for more from the elephants in the room.
I'd be careful making a 'deal with that Devil', @RandPaul.  Some people know her well.
Once again disagree. Non-violent drug offense. Like the one smoking dope that ran over ppl in NY? Cant afford food etc but can afford dope?
Our system no needs reformed. Applique law y Constitution
Don't expect any good solutions from Kamala Harris. Her record speaks for itself. Leftist progressive ideologue.
Please help Decriminalize Medical Cannabis We are Patients NOT Criminals and we deserve an alternative to BIG PHARMA
Would you like to support Sessions' impeachment then?

US has the #1 spot as having the largest prison population in the world. The US must be made up of mostly criminals. Go get get  em Rand.
Good luck working with Cryin Chuck's crowd!
The war on drugs has created a revolving door for violent offenders. Our judicial system has failed US all miserably! Clinton prime example.
Amazing we jail pot offenders by boatloads while white criminals are protected
Good luck with that. There will be no bipartisan anything until the chaos is complete. The left and right absolutely refuse. #WeThePeople
Like banning for profit prisons and gov officials that invest in them
Thank God we have a Repub. senator with common sense and compassion! I'm a Democratic fan @RandPaul & @SenKamalaHarris, you're fantastic.
Senator no more song. Law and Constitution
Liberals should put the criminals in their 'hood. Then the breedingcrap woll stop when someone they love is raped, killed, hurt!
You must have really good eyes!
Fix bail system. Career criminals need 2 B exexuted.  Recidivism is 90% wasting taxpayer $ on rehab. #s do not lie. Put them in ur 'hood
We have a law against that kind of thing. Not sure if you've heard of it. It's called the US Constitution.
Yes it does. Why do men in prison have crimes pile up for crimes already tried for, isn't that double jeopardy.
Like Sessions forcing larger sentences for drug possession?
Great! How about some bipartisan or even JUST @GOP (we won, in case u all forgot!) work on budget, healthcare, taxes & supporting @POTUS?!
為政者の私物と化している裁判所も警察も敵では、私には普通の方同様の生活は送れません。ご対応いただきたいです。
宜しくお願いします。
Americans don't like being spied on. Please investigate and prosecute.  #4thAmmendment
Criminal justice system? 
THE ENTIRE POLITICAL SYSTEM, NEEDS A WASH!
You might get more bi-partisan support, Senator Paul, if you didn't automatically support so much Repub drivel. Got this one right though.
This country is disgusting! I'm amazed that the government has the nerve to lecture the world about human rights.
I like it! dont ignore the law, repair what needs fixed.
They are being held because they can't afford bail, but there is enough evidence to warrant holding them. They are equal under the law.
Sure. All budget spends or savings must be denominated in rubles. Yes comrade?
Which state do you represent?
Senator, you belong to the Left Wing of the Democratic Party, slightly to the left of Senator  Looney Sanders.
Because he advocates free markets and removal of an authoritarian monopoly? That's about as Jeffersonian/Madisonian as it gets.
Because he blames the system and not the criminals.
People are criminals for consuming a plant or other substances? Says who, you and your authoritarian mob?

Natural rights - get acquainted.
Awesome! Gonna build a time machine & vote NOT to confirm Sessions just to spite Dems? Because who could've guessed, right?
We also need an independent investigation into the death of #sethrich
Put all liberals in jail.
Problem solved.
#EndTheDrugWar #LegalizeIt #Liberty
Good luck with that. Not only are Dems sitting out and throwing rocks, so too, the Republicans. They can ALL KISS MY GRITS!
When did you start making sense?
Legalize recreational heroin, cocaine, meth, and mdma. For something to be a crime there has to be a victim.
