War Powers Act allows POTUS to commit troops. Just saying.
I personally don't see a convincing case for why we should intervene militarily. We are financially & militarily depleted right now. 
I agree. My criticism was of Rand Paul's statement, not that we should intervene in Syria mess.
war powers allows for special exception when AMERICA is at risk. We aren't
Someone engaging our troops even fulfills the requirements of WPA and allows the President to use force. But WPA arguably unconstitutional.
what does the dictionary define as war? Armed conflict.
I appreciate the discussion, and your view, but would you really consider a skirmish between two men war for example? Not many people would.
are 2 men flying into a country dropping bombs? Armed conflict.
Agree. But he is talking oranges and trump stance is an apple.
As long as it's not like Irag and WMD's everyone agreed Sadaam had and now claim they were mislead! Turncoat bastards
I am really disliking these so called conservatives. Can they do just a little history lesson on the use of Sarin gas. It's not a pretty one
They still have to play to their #Agenda. Would you rather be like #Libtards and #Blindly follow the pack?
1st we should know the facts, like who did this? It could be the Moderate Rebels since they are losing.  It doesn't make sense 4 Assad 2 do
All out war seems to be the republican agenday. Syria, Iran, N. Korea - who else?
Rand Paul is on a very lonely island of disapproval currently. He'll come out of it.
Rand Paul should be a Democrat.  He too, is so disgruntled about losing the Presidency, he hasn't anything positive say.
Oh shut up Paul we have had a pos president  who for 8 yrs did not do anything
Rand Paul forget being part of the tea party and support this President
And who r u....?... oh yea another backseat driver/complainer. Should call you a Democrat
If this were a Dem POTUS, there would be talk of impeachment for circumventing Congress and alerting Russia. #apples2apples #failingPOTUS
Rand Paul says no to everything. He is the leader of the party of no.
Obama tried. When he helped anti Assad Forces, conservatives said he was arming ISIS. Sheesh. The GOP COULD have avoided this.
Seems Senator Paul u r the only one left with reason or ethics.
Report: Soros-Linked Group Behind Chemical Attack in Syria http://www.infowars.com/report-soros-linked-group-behind-chemical-attack-in-syria/ … via @realalexjones
@realDonaldTrump No action without majority of Congress. 90% majority and the disdained 10% must be onboard before action is taken.
Just like @RandPaul changed the rules in the Senate today..his GOP president changed the rules of war. Follow rules if you expect others to.
Sen. What the hell is going on with this Syria B.S.?
We now have grounds for impeachment
Sure. Give the decision to a group of people famous for gridlock and partisanship.
my major disagreement with you, u r too much of a Neville Chamberlain.  There is risk in retaining world stability
UNCONSTITUTIONAL PEARL HARBOR attack on Syria on anniversary of entry into WW1.  Not that the war criminal US Senate would object.
Wikipedia says there are 125 instances of international military action by POTUS w/o congress approval.
My heart bleeds for Syria but there are protocols to protect the united states. #russiagate #trumprussia #resist
Too late
Well rand Paul we just launched missiles at a Syria airbase just a warning for him to stop poisoning kids -wonder what side your on !
There is no war so no appvl needed. Syria cant fight back.
Let them fight it out. Thats civil war. Not our place.
War with Syria is the only thing @TheDemocrats would support. #nowarwithsyria
NO WAR AT ALL
Really @FoxNews? Certainly we can have someone better than this clown, to report breaking news 
He's exactly right!!
NO WAR!! Neo cons are modern day Blosheviks.. America First not Israel
War = Big $ for Big Banks... & their pill pushing puppets i.e. J Mc_Pain.
Oh that's right.  Let's just let them die horribly while you flex your political muscles.  Let @POTUS lead and you follow in your place!
One thing Trump does that had military action and he is being criticized by the people that supposed to stand with him kids died horribly!
John McCain and L. Graham have yet to see a war they didn't love...sick of them...
^5...I am against getting bogged down in yet..another ME civil war...learn from Iraqi War...15yrs later...and a bigger mess..lost lives&limb
Get the facts Rand. Then act. Don't act without all the facts!
I say no war with Syria PERIOD!
Are you sure your not a Dem...you are such an obstructionist
Please help us. The American people have no interest in war with Syria.
Was nothing learned from Iraq, Libya and Afghanistan? Thank you, senator Paul, for standing up against this madness. @POTUS should listen.
Obama asked for a Declaration of War ---GOP Congress wouldn't do it--they didn't want their signatures on anything
Thank you. As they might use the has on our groups.
The first time I ever agreed with you. I guess anything is possible. L
@RandPaul is foolish if he thinks @realDonaldTrump would seek approval before killing our troops
=>Bet Trump has Russia bomb Assad's Air Force.
The Supreme Court filibuster died on April 6, 2017. He was 211 years old.
Who's talking war. Allegation and assumptions are not helpful. Talk to Graham and McCain war lords
@randpaul Oh now, you want to follow the constitution.
and unlike the first time, let's make sure who is responsible.
AND THERE WILL BE NO APPROVAL #StandWithRand
Rand can't you expose that MF'er, McTraitor? (Pardon the language)
Plus need to find out if intel is correct; might be that Trump is being led into a war like they did to Bush. Lots of opposition in CIA/NSA.
Rand Paul is one of the few Senators who actually looks out for American citizens interests and not special interests !
Yes!! I agree no war without Congressional approval. Also, nuclear act is cheating.
Thank Reid for opening that box
If we start a war that is one way to assure that many more Muslims will join the rebels and increase radical Islam terrorists, they are paid
um, only congress may declare war so what's the controversy?
Hahaha riiiiiight after one more putt putt with Cheeto
moderate rebels is the politically correct term for terrorists.
This is not what it seems to be..a underground ploy to put us in a war for the oil pipeline. Our daughters and sons will NOT die for this!!!
too much evidence as set up to coincidental in the timing NO WAR over syria
considering how partisan congress is and how unamerican they have been I dont go that far but no war over syria it feels like a set up
No war period. Let our UN Neighbors lend a hand. Our people need a break from combat so they can enjoy their lives.
Al Sharpton still hadn't paid his taxes
Rand please do what you can to stop these mad warmongering neocons.  We elected @realDonaldTrump to bring our troops home!
...until he golfs with Trump again.
True, #BUT world security should be a #WorldAgreeableSolutionTOO!
Obama and former CIA Director & Muslim convert Brennan ruined any chance of defeating Assad. But then Christians live free under Assad
Thank you!!!!
Trying to find truth nowadays is difficult, we can't respond based on emotions. We NEED to KNOW we aren't being played. FACTS are key.
Please save our soles Senator Rand Paul 
No war WITH congressional approval. There's a reason their popularity has remained as low as it has. No one trusts them.
ピンクの服を着た、夜ライブに出かけた、外食をした、コーヒーを飲んだ、中年太りした、そんなたわいない犯罪性の無い言い掛かりで、戦争になっています。シリア以後、創価の優越感が異常です。
アメーバ占いを読むと「彼は私をライバル視している」とあります。やはり、夫との人違い+在日韓国人だという強烈なコンプが原因ではないか？だとすると夫との人違いを日本の警察が調べないことが重大なロスではないか。揉める必要のない揉め事です。夫の性質の女性は世界に存在しないからです。
When did we become responsible for being the world's sheriff?I thought that was purpose of UN or coalition of nations
We need to stop letting them in (Moslems) & send the jihadist men back to fight their own war!!!
Did the Unions & Confederates flee to europe during our civil war? No most of us stuck it out & fought till the end Other ppl were pacifists
But none of us left our country war torn for the women to fight and destroyed the rest of the world *cough cough* like the refugees!!
Really Senator Paul? What about the Constitution when Repubs failed to confirm MGarland to SCOTUS?
We want our kids to stay in America, Israel can send their kids if they want the war,
Mccains trying to prop up a war he works for soros of course soros would love to control the Syrian port and fund politics there
Unfortunately ever since the Gulf War Presidents have got around this by referring to them as 'campaigns' and it will happen again
Thank you for standing back and calmly looking for the facts. It's almost like someone is tricking the US into shooting from the hip
He seems to have some sway with the President....stay tuned

The only reason we should be worried about this chemical attack is could they use it on us or our allies & are they aiding ISIS
Haha, you think Trump cares about your view?
What we need is to use our technological advancements & airstrike the shit out of them, never sending in a single person
We have no reason to go to war with Syrians. Assad needs to be arrested for war crimes. Other than humanitariam, what's our interest there?
Hey "Short n Curly".....Agent Orange has been circumventing you bozos since he took office. He will do it again & you'll ALL kiss his ass!
We gave weapons to rebels in Iraq, Vietnam, Afghanistan, & Cuba to name a few....Went to war with all of them
How about no SCOTUS appointment while the WH is under investigation for collusion with Russia?
for President in 2020!
It brings me little comfort The branch of government that couldn't come reach a healthcare bill after 7 years can vote on military action.
It's how it's suppose to be done according to Article 1 Section 8. Not sure congress has approved a war since WWII
What did the war in Iraq give us, false energy security & more dead American men & women
Oh, Rand. Do you not yet realize that @realDonaldTrump has already written off the legislative branch? Don could care less what you say.
your jumping nine steps forward before you know anything about it.
Ya Think??!!??!!
Ya so far this term rules have meant absolutely nothing. To the pres, his admin, congress, the senate. Just use em as rough guidelines
Good. They are trying to do anything to put us on an opposing battlefield against Russia and that cannot be allowed to happen
We don't need war with or without congressional approval. Sending our ppl and resources directly into the middle east is so ineffective!
Jesus said NO WAR WITH SYRIA. KNOW THE BIBLE. STAY OUT OF SYRIA
no war with Syria period
Don't fall for this crap. Sounds like Iraq all over again.
He's open to being persuaded by Trump over a round of golf
Hey @SenJohnMcCain @sengraham2016 @marcorubio @RandPaul outclasses you clowns at every turn #Peace #falseflag
Bush or Obama get "Congressional Approval" to start their wars?
@RealDTrump2k16   Let's not get pulled into this wet dream of the globalists!
Rand Paul a smart man with integrity
who ......made him the Boss
I'd have a little more respect for your opinion if I thought you had a heart or a soul.
"probably?" shut up and comb your hair "inner-child" boy.
Nope on this one.  Congress is a hot mess and it part of Presidential Powers.  Congress establishes laws, not regulates.  Slow the roll.
Senator - please urge our President to avoid military intervention in Syria; US must avoid conflicts w/o clear objectives & exit strategy!
How about just NO WAR period!
Perhaps he can bring it up on the golf course
Yep. It worked for Obama. I believe he played golf more than any other, including Eisenhower...and that's a real feat! LOL
Except I was directing it to golfing Rand and you're comparing 8 yrs to less than 3 months....give him time
#unlike big O and magic pen-waging war on Americans
like approval for a war would be hard to get

they'd love to say 'you hate the troops' when people talk shit about trump
It was a picture with what was(at the time) AntiAssad fighters.
#NoMoreWar
