. @RandPaul @dawterofliberty @FaceTheNation stop trashing the #AHCA Rand, the step process is smart. #Looselipssinkships
wait & see
Regulations of Obamacare are tucked away in group insurance policies, Medicare, etc. We know what's in it, DISASTER
unsubsidized,full,open,antimono oligopolic,competitive,free markets in health care sectors pronto!!!
sorry, not able to watch fake news channels anymore
YOU. ARE. IRRELEVANT.
That guy is a jerk too #facethenaion
sad to see you on fake news Senator but I respect your influence/input on this health care stuff a lot.
free enterprise for health care, police, firemen, military. No sense right? Some things govt. must take charge.
You should really just go on reputable news. This> @FaceTheNation doesn't fit the bill.
offering a poor person a health savings plan is like offering a cookbook to a starving person.
I love you - keep fighting!!  Make them get it right! We can't afford to mess this up! (healthcare overhaul)
Sad to see you on the fake press show
Barely allowed Rand to finish one question while throwing another out. Patience is a virtue!

This is where Paul belongs, on liberal networks. He is quickly becoming a RINO! Not a team player.
Germany Makes Mercedes BMW, Audi and has Healthcare and College. The USA can't?
lack of health care kills. Must be regulated by govt. One payer system works in other countries. Experienced it.
y aren't u REGULATING DRUG PRICES?! That's #1 & only need! Plus @realDonaldTrump promised it many times in campaign
Where are Democrats plans for a repeal and replacement of Obamacare? Obamacare FAILED! Which ones have an interest
Talk about your worthless plan. What is my cost? Which companies are on board? regs are in place to control costs?
Obamacare forced down throats of Americans, not one Republican voted for it. Republicans trying to save Democrats
Obamacare has 1 insurer in 5 states, my state, NC, Blue Cross Blue Shield who quit in many counties of other states
severance packages for Medicare/SS recipients to their HSA, MSA, Get politicians out of the health care service
@realDonaldTrump  We need a healthcare not forced by government, that is Socialism! You can do this!!
I can't pay my premium or deductible.
I hope @realDonaldTrump is just pulling another Romney with Paul Ryan lol
why?   It's done.  #Ryancare is on the table.  #DoYourJob
His insurance isn't free market,but they want everyone else to have it why?because there screwing US!!
It's the ACA Senator. Maybe because your party wasn't prepared after 7 years to do better, you don't know the name?
Mandates need to go away, BUT medical facilities should also be able to refuse service. Freedom goes both ways.
You should live in California and ask about healthcare.  Covered California doesn't work.  Platoon 1986
Thank you Rand, you are a voice of sanity in the insane world of Washington DC.
Co ops sound good as long as premiums are the same for the sick or healthy just like Federal employees premiums
excellent information. Thank you sir
15 months before the Obamacare rollout is that true
Dont sit too close

Excellent points Senator Paul. I hope @POTUS was listening. We don't want Paul Ryan's socialist plan.
If "ALL MANDATES" are not removed I will be sceptical. I believe Americans cannot be forced to buy anything PERIOD.
even when I disagree with a politician but he/she sticks to their principles I respect/trust them
Rand Paul stuck in the party of opposition?  #negotiate
the insurance companies are and always will be one step ahead of you and the consumer. #capitalism
@karenbr01503349 @FaceTheNation Don't stop fighting Lyin Ryan's BuffettCare. What's buried in it?
STOP MAKING IT ABOUT ALL AT ONCE OR NOTHING. Free the market to compete now. Then repeal the rest & build anew.
don't trip over your ego
DESTROY RYANCARE aka RINOCARE
Agree with you Senator!  Stand firm; I don't trust Speaker Ryan.  His agenda not for us, just for him.
You mean #Trumpcare?
1/3 of Kentucky is on Medicaid?? Dude you guys need to fix that! Unsustainable. How U going to fix?
Rand Paul - "We have no $$!" = $52billion on Military & $15billion on Wall. Go to hell sick and poor!!! #LIARS
The difference: it's the federal government's job to maintain national military and protect our borders
Paul Ryan needs to go!  We do not trust him!  Keep up the great fight @RandPaul. So hard to trust anything anymore
Hit them with your best shot, @RandPaul
thank god we have Senator Paul to fight for us
@brownrbjr2002 Kentucky connect funded by ACA no they about to lose system. Kentucky citizens did know B4 elections
.@KissMyAmFlag RT @RandPaul @FaceTheNation
gonna discuss your support of FCC reg repeal allowing ISP to sell private citizens information to highest bidder?
might as well be called Bipartisancare.
I WANT A DEBATE BETWEEN @PaulRyan and RAND PAUL about #ObamacareLite
Please talk about #TrumpCARE and how many people will lose insurance with it. #hoodwinked
Paul Ryan tryin to make Democraps happy.  Is he more worried about his own political future - not real solutions?
You can start reducing the deficit by getting a smaller table.
stand with RAND!
Will you cover #Trumpcare as well?
#StandWithRand
where id alternative health care. We the people should be in charge of our health. NOT GOVERNMENT!!
this is so true!
Sen. Paul-ever the independent thinker-we need those around to maintain a check and balance!!! :)
republicans need to figure out how to get it together seriously it's embarrassing
