.@POTUS Glad you are voting no for trumpcare but you are doing it for deplorable reasons! Your as bad as the Republitards that will vote yes
Keeping his promises is not deplorable. He promised repeal. Do you not want honest people in D.C.?
Voting to take back the lifeline of healthcare from those that need it most is deplorable! He should have not been elected promising that!
Are you trying to tell other citizens that they're wrong in not wanting politicians in the middle of their healthcare?
You are what is wrong with this country. No empathy for anyone but yourself. Just like your Liar-in-Chief!
Nah, you're the scum whom assumes him passing the buck to a few in D.C. makes him morally righteous. Incapable of seeing reality.

Sounds like "Let's pass it so we can find out what's in it". Do it RIGHT.  Take your time to put out a GOOD bill.
Paul,  we the citizens need you to vote yes to repeal this bill as you promised!  The middle class is dying and can't afford a kidney stone!
Because America is suffering under Ocare
And Rand is treating the American voters like we don't exist.  Thank Rand, you let us down, you accomplished nuthn.
Come on Rand, pass this bill. Get it with a YES.
Help us Rand!  Pass it, as long as it removes the mandate, tax penalty, and addresses fraud and illegal immigrant usage. Free & open markets
You are a liar. You promised to repeal and replace Obamacare. All you’ve done is complain. You’ve lost my vote.
Dr. Paul. You have to get rid of the OC mandate! I pay $800 month premium/w a $10,000 ded. Poor care/no care, but I'm going broke! REPEAL
If the Bill has no benefits for illegals or dreamers. Pass it if they are receiving anything no. Should not get assistance for 5 years.
Amen.
This is such a correct assessment of the situation! The GOP seem to think they have pass something just to look good - lipstick on a pig.
Yes #Democrats OWN #Obamacare. So do we just let it crash & burn, or let @BernieSanders  #SinglePayer gain traction?
I TOTALLY AGREE!!!  I am a @realDonaldTrump supporter and I want to know WHY NOTHING has been passed that totally REPEALS OBAMACARE???
#StandWithRand
This is why I voted for Rand, he actually takes the time and looks over this stuff, can foresee the outcome and is not a puppet to the gop
At least they weren't told "If you want to see what's in, you must pass it."
Single most asinine and unamerican statement in the congress
If your such a "big man" then YOU put ALL OF CONGRESS on Obamacare. I'm forced to buy it; can't afford to use it. Thanks for nothing. RINO
And, how are you helping the process?
Nice hair
@tempteststorm2 I’m disappointed in your stance. Obamacare will never b repealed. Once freebies go out can’t take them back.
Now that is a disappointing stance!
Please @RandPaul don't cave in to pressure! #GrahamCassidy is a terrible deal for Americans! We want good bipartisan reform
Thanks for your No vote today Senator
#voluntary If it's not voluntary, it's tyranny. The money is just switching hands from the dems to the repubs. Stop the tyranny, Sir.
& ironically like a  game. As a Kentuckian I plead w/you to work on repair & vote NO on 'quick fix' replacements
Repeal and reform markets. The consumers will do a better job at bidding down costs than the politicians. This is not their job 4 a reason.
Blind leading the blind, both fall into the ditch.
Then you better put every GOP member who voted Yes on a list and work to get them out of office come 2018, as they're selling you BS bills.
Repeal do not replace #Obamacare GOP keep your promise. @realDonaldTrump @sendavidperdue @SenatorIsakson @CongressmanHice
The Governor of your state wants this repeal. Jobs will increase and when jobs increase more people have private health care benefits.
Don't do it Rand Paul. We don't want it.
I see life from where I am standing. I am standing in the big picture! Obamacare did not work. Time to try the repeal bill NOW!
It is time to pass it now. Citizens are under the heavy weight of deciding when to stop their health care policies due to unaffordability!
How do u sleep at nite knowing ppl r dying bcuz of ur idiotic decisions????
Your heartless
Graham-Cassidy does not #repeal #Obamacare https://twitter.com/Federalists_USA/status/908969993328562176 …
YOU DON"T GET IT WE NEED TO FIX THIS MESS IT IS NOT FOR YOU TO DECIDE WE VOTED FOR THIS CHANGE GET OUT OF THE WAY TOO MANY PEOPLE ABUSING IT
That's incredibly short-sighted and naive of you. This bill will fix nothing and make it 10 times harder to push real repeal in the future.
Sir, you are not faced with your health care costing as much as your mortgage,with rising deductibles. You are set for life. Pass it!
Good thing u're not doing his job, we need ppl 2 make rational decisions, not emotional ones. Stop pushing a bullshit bill out of impatience
I just wanted to say thank you for saying no to this horrible healthcare, Senator.
I appreciate your concerns. BUT it's time for Govt to stop funding abortion. If we save even ONE life in this bill it's worth it. Thank you!
Mandates go away, both indiv and business. You aren't forced to buy under this bill. Not a complete repeal, that is his complaint.
Not a kidney- but 8 1/2 years to have a healthcare bill ready to go!  This stone NOT moving
Where is your co-sponsored bill??  Congress looks like the keystone cops running in circles 8 1/2 yrs!!
Your a Doc, do you think McCain should be voting with a Brain Tumor! If so your all screwed up! A blind man should drive
If u can't get it right, leave it alone. People's lives cannot be bought and sold at the hands of this administration.
I hope you keep your promise and vote No! Think about how this will affect the lives of people. #45 has no idea what is in the bill.
#45 just wants a win no matter how its done.
It seems all you want to do is protect Obama care.  Guess your happy with it.
Stop complaining, GET TO WORK
THANK YOU, Sen. Rand for your wise decision. Our nation deserves health care that works for ALL Americans!!!
If this doesn't pass, it's on to single payer and fear you will become a pariah...now is not the time to stand on principle, it's over!

this is an example of why barrycare is so phucked up,and they are the Rep party Bribery works as long as the check clears
Funny, but true. They want to get this thing passed.... good or bad for the people, they don't care , just get it passed. I want it right.
You had your chance and didn't deliver. You promised you have a fix and now you introduce nothing
He has. It's your fault for not knowing that.
Ok, that's funny.
Good one Rand.
He loves to hear himself talk. It's always about him. He knows all.
Where were when Obama passed carp on the American People?
You need to start repeal, nothing  no bill will be perfect. But start you must or you won't be re-elected. Tired of GOP excuses !!!
Pass It !   Pass It !   Pass Its !   Pass It !!   You will LOSE your opportunity to do so very shortly
This is false.
Senator Paul is about saving O'Bama Care.  This will set the stage for 100% gov't, taxpayer funded, healthcare.  Sanders / Paul in 2020.
ABC News.... HAHAHA. yea you bet I will believe anything that liberal B.S. organization has to report.
What does that have to do with the article's subject?
It's rather clear the Republicans function better as an opposition party. The GOP has accomplished nothing in this calendar year. In 2018...
More like hemorrhoid gram- nasty bill will double your insurance supplement cut coverage's for Everybody Evil Bill shut down fed. Gov. !!!
Yes pass it let obamacare be gone
THANK YOU For voting NO!
He is an obstructionist no wonder he did not get picked to run for president
Get it in before Nov. Let the public know where they stand. If in a year prices have not lowered revisit, the bill
This Repeal is more like passing tapeworms

The slow agonizing emaciation of
the middle class

& the fattening of
Paracitic Aristocrats
@RandPaul  you're so wrong on this!
You better get your head out of your a$$! CBO says the new bill will save Americans millions! Quit your whining and vote yes!
I cannot afford to pay one more $ for healthcare. I have young children and every time we see the dr we have to pay out of pocket c'mon dude
Then don't get behind this bill because it won't solve the issue. You're being fed a bullshit bill because they know you're desperate.
The thing is that these people don't care about Americans, they only care about themselves and getting re-elected
"they" being those voting for this bill. They don't care if it's a fix or not, it just buys them a few more years. Rand cares, they don't.
Good point.
My son doesn't deserve to die just for the GOP to pass a bill! #KillTheBill
Need to take a first step before you run Rand Paul is looking for perfection ???
rand if you want to influence the nation positively you must conduct war on rinos
You think it's expensive now. Wait till its single payer. Vote yes on this bill!!
Listen here rand Paul once obamacare is gone we can make amendments ,  we want Obamacare gone the American  people want this
I personally don't want my son to lose his therapy & I am not to keen on leaving him an orphan.
The millions that will die don't want it either.
Lol sometimes you can't just pass something,  sometimes you have to just CUT IT OUT and make it go away
This stupid health care bill being such a thing
@RichRagamuffin @RandPaul 
ain't it the Trewth
back Rand's fight for affordable fair healthcare
Please stick to a NO vote @RandPaul
you are not a Republican.
More so than most.
It's a step in right direction
Not the way to do something right. John McCain is right about the process.
You're an idiot the government shouldn't even have its nose in healthcare let free enterprise take care of itself
And we will continue to have the best medicine in the world but if the government sticks its nose in it where it like it hasn't done
When ACA fails on it's on petards this will be the winning meme.  BTW, how much do the ins. co's pay for your campaign?
They all lied to get elected. Twenty eighteen is around the corner.
More painful than a kidney stone!
Hell no! Any replacement is still transfer of assets from some of us to others. NO entitlements! NO subsidies! #FullRepeal it #LetItFail
DUDE. Where are the 60 votes you need to repeal?
@RandPaul If you don't like it why didn't you come up with a solution!!
Taking a small step is better than standing still on this @SenRandPauI
Come on, vote, for us, pass the bill!
You don't know what you're talking about.
Repeal and THEN push your agenda.
OUCH...GADDAM IT What where you thinking? Never say pass a kidney stone without MORPHINE you SOBs. No wonder USA is in a Junkie apocalypse
You will not win the White House in 2020
Sounds like you're concerned.
Millions fined in April! Thanks for nothing, Rand.
Hey Rand, you'll be stealing $2500 from my children. That's my fine for not being able to afford Obamacare!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
LOL
