How on earth could a trillion dollar appropriation be considered conservative or a repeal of Obamacare? It is neither
This new "gang" bill is another Grahamnesty, this time for Obamacare.  Conservatives have seen this before.
Yes. The time is now or it won't happen. @SenTedCruz @realDonaldTrump @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski
Then why does no Democrat support it? Failure of this bill means we are stuck with the full OCare by default. Make incremental changes.
C'mon do the right thing! @SenTedCruz @realDonaldTrump
Please for the sake of this country
So it's got amnesty rolled into it, bunch of traitors
6 trillion for undeclared wars in the Middle East, but can't afford to fix the ACA, all because it was brought to us by a black man, great!
Lol...no..brought to you by the insurance industry. They wrote ACA. Full repeal.
Permanently cut off ALL obamacare subsidies NOW!
I'm with you on this one senator. We were promised repeal and I want repeal.
They're never going to repeal. Get rid of the individual mandate. It's a tax, not a penalty unless you consider all taxes are penalties??
Leftfield logical fallacy
This is horrible. Seniors social security isn't enough to live on.  Veterans service is poor...democrats are lawless
Just get red of the individual mandate. Whatever it takes!
Ur costing us ,getting paid for fundraising
Explain yourself...
If you just repeal end taxes regs return to states. Why send money to D.C. Take there cut. Then send back in grants. Govt not GC providers
@RandPaul is it a bill that can get passed and improved upon within a year? Competition of insurers across state lines?
Even if it could, once they get the bill passed they are not worried about fixing it...as long as they get their tax cuts
Hey Rand, it's called get rid of the mandate. Then let the thing fold up on its own. Wake up sir
Amen and Amen! @SenTedCruz @realDonaldTrump @marcorubio
Your no vote may lead to Bernie's plan when Republicans lose senate for underperforming. Introduce change bills later, please vote YES.
Exactly, if we don't make this even *small* progress we will see Dems have chance 2 regain majority & push BernieCare - worse than O'Care
Stop settling for less, we as a people need to unite & demand coverage for all! Speak up, make them do right not just act b/c you need the W
No we do not demand the government be responsible for our health care choices.  WE THE PEOPLE make those decisions for ourselves & family
No one will see everything they want in any bill. Republicans must create a consensus quickly to avoid tagged that they can't lead.....
But what about your constituents, do they not matter in your attempt to kill them with this bill?  Lose your lies, Paul.
You are one of the swamp trump talks about. Do you see the senate asking your opinion?  NO. No one cares what a dentist thinks about ocare!
Amazed by these passionate replies that clearly show no understanding of how insurance markets work. Fox News disinformation at work!
If it repeals the INDIVIDUAL and CORP MANDATES than please say YES. It can be refined later
Why not just kill ACA, and work towards something that actually makes sense for us working men and women, who support this country?
I hope they vote your ass out. You are the worst of the worst. A dentist that opposes everything.  No one listens to any of your opinions!
#7YearsOfLying Well the @GOP can no longer run as conservatives or as the party of limited government. What else do they have?
Your version of fighting for us is putting on makeup and going on tv or radio . You're all pretenders who have zero credibility!
You should be the guy to assemble a sensible HC bill
$1 TRILLION.... TRILLION!!!!! WTF!?!?!?!
The cost is my concern.  Why are we not just repealing the entire bill?
While not using our stolen tax money to benefit the constituents either.
More and more the people I know who voted for Trump are siding with Rand. If he runs a decent campaign he could easily become president
FYI the majority of republicans including voters in your state want a yes vote! A no vote basically puts you in agreement with Obama! SMH
had 7yrs to come up with something better than obozo care. Why wasn't this done in the 1st 3months.. POLITICIANS DON'T CARE ABOUT THE PEOPLE
Get this done & reform bill after 2018 when the people vote out Rhinos & Dems on the Right. Need tax reform this year!! Do something already
Love you, please this is better than nothing. The fact that the Dems don't like, it means good.
Please vote for it, in the future we can do better. Now please vote for it. Thank you.
Please vote to repeal
Repeal it! Please vote to repeal! Please! We have two options in our county...3 in the far corners... prices are up services are down
Get rid of your tax payer financed healthcare! No tax deductions for employer financed plans! Start from scratch then!
You have to do something
I agree with you but do we just continue with Obamacare.  No its not a repeal but I dont think we can get a clean repeal.
We the legal, tax payer voting people, want obamacare REVOKED and NOT replaced!!!
I am not a R or D, but my daughter in MO will lose her insurance this yr b/c @RandPaul & others obstruct giving MO flexibility. End ACA now.
Sounds like Ocare with new name. Putting dollars in states vs fed. isn't REPEAL. free market is opp. of Ocare or GC. WHY AFRAID of Free mkt?
We spend that on war and the military.
@SenJohnMcCain SITS ON HIS CORRUPT THUMBS WHILE ARIZONA SUFFERS UNDER COMMIE CARE. GETS LOVE FROM THE SWAMP COMMUNISTS
We Dont want single Payer!!!
Do you agree that Obamacare Lite which the Neo Cons & the Graham-Cassidy Bill
support & propose would eventually lead us to Single payer?
You're a Republican. You helped create this mess. "Libertarians" are only Republicans because you oppose the Civil Rights Act. Spare us.
Perfect is the enemy of good. Put forward something that you can live with and that will pass.
It is a step in the right direction. Do something other than criticizing.
@economicsalexp 
KentuckySenator Rand Paul Statesman
No *harder working US Senator

ask Kentucky Coal Miners Families
oh shuttie, you grandstanding MF-er, POTUS is not about "costing American taxpayers $1m" you need to do youre damn job & get us out of ocare
What is your solution Rand Paul... OBAMA hates it, pass it and work on improving it...
Or cost us seats in 2018-2020
Hes for Obama care and with the democrats. He is a lying crooked fake.
Why don't YOU come up with a bill?
Get rid of all Illegals and if Refugees have money to go visit their country, they can stay in their countries.  Assimilate or leave!
Keep fighting the good fight Rand Paul. You are the only republican politician that I am happy I voted for to keep his promises.
So you'll vote to keep Obamacare in place instead? Not conservative or libertarian.
Republicans really know how to screw up. It could have been just use the 2016 bill they all voted on...too easy
PLEASE start the process of repeal! PLEASE don't let me have another year of double digit increases! At least get it out of Washington!
@realDonaldTrump
I think you're mostly crazy, but please stick to your guns on this. Vote no on Graham Cassidy.
Kick it back to the states and fix the rest later.  Don't let perfection stop improvement.
It is not better than nothing. Nothing would be better. We were quite functional before Obamacare. I fully support @RandPaul plan!
and we still aren't going to have good coverage
Follow the money trail. Who is it going to benefit ? You need to tell us.
THANK YOU Senator
Always thought Dems were not too smart. Republicans may have them beat.
@realDonaldTrump @tacocase2 what happened to repealing Obamacare? Changing the name of a crappy law won't fix it!! #RoyCooperSucks
Stop letting the perfect be the enemy of the good! Vote for the bill!
#FullRepeal
Is that +/- than single player plan Crazy Bernie is backing? If you fail to approve a plan, that is where we are heading. FIX IT!
Keep a close eye this, it's just pushing the money to the states. I'm loosing the faith on Healthcare
quit talking about it and do something about it
Your jealousy of O'bama is why you all wont fic the ACA. Shame on all of you. We see you.
Please keep the courage to keep fighting for us! You may be our only voice
Your new health care bill will triple the ACA bill...Fix the ACA.. Stop sabotageing it. We see you.
Federal government needs to get out of the insurance business and leave to states to collect the healthcare taxes themselves.
Nobody in Washington really cares about us  American people who are suffering from Obamacare my deductible just went up $5,000 and I'm on d
You have good health care so why don't you just sit on your hands and do nothing.
Please be the common sense on this. Is there know way to have sensible available cost effective HC. Need to work with all providers!
How is that all ppl r guaranteed a free lawyer by our govt yet they are not guaranteed lifesaving healthcare? Not guaranteed a doctor?
people also forget that these bills limit true health freedoms.
Senator Paul, the horse is out of the barn or better yet the one payerTrojan Horse was delivered. The choice is OC or this new bill. Get it?
Better than the $32 trillion Bernie wants
Paul why don't you work on fixing the mess BeShears got us into in the state of KY. He extended the Medicaid program to people who are lazy
Another valentine to big insurance.  Block it.
I think because that money will be put back into the states it will be a good deal for us tax payers. Better than being wasted by senate
What is the cost in human lives? In the financial ruin of those with preexisting conditions? In large premium increases. It's a disaster.
Anxiously awaiting your healthcare bill. Geezzzz!  Get on with it.
Omg
Defunding of Planned Parenthood alone makes this 'flawed' bill worthy of an AYE vote.  Don't be the man who helps Schumer save O'care
If u think millions losing coverage is the right thing, your going to hell. Stop playing gop vs dems & think about human lives.
Thank you Sen. No.  Propose something that can pass or just be quite.
And, a one Party Political system with single payer health insurance. Everyone must wear same clothing. @POTUS @PastorDScott @DineshDSouza
Difficult to have trust especially if it still has Obamacare in title! Hey how bout this Govt get the Hell out of HC!
Wow! Private sector healthcare is the way to proceed. Congress do the right thing!
So why not single payer health care? Wouldn't cost government ( us) nearly that kind of tax dollars. Your rich donors won't like that though
... Nothing is perfect .. A work in progress.  It needs to be started.
So it's going to cost more than ACA, cover millions fewer Americans, and penalize states who chose to expand medicare for their people.
If Graham and McCain are for it you know it's bad
Gotta persuade @POTUS your plan is better.  Take the high ground approach.
GOP is failing America
I don't always agree with you, but when I do, I agree with you.
How come everything costs $1 Trillion, seems funny to me that 1T is the magic number..
 Just saying.....
#VoteYes2GrahamCassidyBill or we’ll never forgive you @RandPaul  #NoObamaCare #WeThePeopleAreTiredOfBeingPlayed
Pocket change for Democrats
I know right? Some good single payer healthcare would really hit the spot right about now.
We just want to dump the impossible ObamaCare! #NoObamaCare #Yes2GrahamCassidyBill
Sanders proposed a plan that will cost us 1.7 trillion annually.  Which better of the two evils do we tske When u are all incompetent?
Suggest a better path! ACA is horrible!
Not what I voted for. I was promised a repeal!
@RandPaul will you PLEASE HELP us?  Health care? Tax Reform? Immigration/DACA?
We TRUST you, not @LindseyGrahamSC @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan
Say no
We need a "Logans Run" type of healthcare system.   Look it up
It's better than Obamacare DONT SCREW MY @POTUS AGAIN. IM SICK OF U! @SenateGOP
Don't worry, it still screws the elderly and the poor, so it's something you'll be happy with.
Typical @SenateMajLdr solution, strap Americans w/excessive debt & gov program that doesn't work.
Over what timeline, and compared to O-Care over the same period please. Let's be transparent. I don't know the answer but want to know.
But will #GrahamCasiddy be less than #Obamacare ? The number means nothing. That's the question
GrahamCamaCare!!
You don't like anything. You haven't voted for one repeal attempt
Why would you like the government to be in control of everything?  You and Bernie Sanders related?  Time vote with @realDonaldTrump.
Say NO Delegat to State Not Fed matter move on!
@MGavner but your "friend" Donnie wants it Randi... Maybe say some stupid shit about how it attacks your civil liberties.
Donnie ain't my fuckin' friend, period!
Graham & Cassidy can STICK IT!!  Americans want a FULL REPEAL IF OBAMACARE!!  What are those 2 thinking??!!  DUH!!
Rand, please tell us how and do u realize that a repeal will take 60 votes in the senate
Thank You for cont support of taxpayers.Trump did not will the election because people want Gov-Healthcare he won so it would be abolished.
Where's that number come from? CBO?
@realDonaldTrump Rand is closer to your constituents then you think,  we want the full repeal. #fullrepeal
Physician, heal thyself.
And how much is Obamacare costing us?
That didn't stop you from supporting the #skinnyrepeal.
Why do it?
Where's your bill that can pass? It's already costing us over $1 Trillion and all this does is give states control.
Hush UR mouth n do something! Sir!
OK @RandPaul spell out your plan? Small business owner who lost `medical expense' status thanks to ObismalCare Jan 1 2016
Mandates are unconstitutional and cost to much.
It gets rid of those mandates.Which is the first step in the right direction with anything to do with health care insurance.
It's moving the ball forward, get on board!
The healthcare cost is over 4 trillion dollars. Who pays that? We do. You are what we call a snooty Kentuckian, ashamed of lesser couisins
Stand your ground. You and any other Senator that has a brain !!
Rand, do us a favor and go back to medicine.
You're costing us too much.
Just say no and repeal.  No replace
Sir, I haven't afforded insurance since ACA. Haven't had a physical in 8 years. It is NOT affordable #RepealAndReplace
Keep #EXPOSING, #RandPaul=STOP spending, LEGISLATE #Healthcare COMPANIES, not #PEOPLE=take peek at their charts last 8 years!
#LObbies
Show your math. Do you not expect to continue legislation that will LOWER THE COST? If so, then projecting at current levels is insane.
Stop the funding of Planned Patenthood! While you do nothing tax payers pay for babies to be murdered!
Why not remove the refugees / illegal, build the wall, and then offer Single Payer? It’s a win - win. #GrahamCasiddy #mepolitics
Thanks for keeping Obamacare in place Rand. You're culpable in this now.
Hmmm how is that since plan is spending billions deporting sequestering etc they r taxpayers wrkg contributing ppl adding to our economy
Graham defended on F&F saying it would give $ and control back to states.
So what's the role of Feds? Why not just LEAVE it with the states?
Dump it
Thats still less than what the ACA costs us. Law isnt some ideological ball you kick around we need actual results. You WONT get full repeal
Get something passed Rand! First step!
And, what's the alternative.  Republicans can't get repeal & replace to pass!!
MEDICARE FOR ALL!
Yet, you will vote for it in the end. Shut up hypocrite!
But we can afford private jets and security details for Cabinet members. Your priorities are all wrong.
Repeal Lautenberg
#StandWithRand
Do something better if can't get rid of the leader.
Keep fighting!
Just straight repeal
Which is cheaper Obama Care or #GrahamCassidy
I don't like it, but if we allow the Left to get single-payer it will be 34 trillion.
Sounds like swamp still rules ..
You need to pitch in and help on this one, there is no other way to kill ACA. Your bill will never even be written much less voted on.
Do your nutty libertarian self Rand! Vote no!
So don't pass it. Just say no to taking coverage away from people like my huband WHO HAS CANCER!
New?  No way.  Just trying to change around where the funds are currently being spent and most importantly WHO decides how.
You oppose this bill for the wrong reasons but for the sake of our countrymen - don't stop opposing it!
Add amnesty for DACA chain migration welfare cases ... no way we'll get tax cuts, somebody has to pay for all the freebies for the mooches.
Exactly what a bankrupt country doesn't need.
The only solution is for govt. 2 GET FUCK OUT OF PPLs LIVES! #repealobamacare NO REPLACEMENT! FREE MARKET! @POTUS @VP @GOP @freedomcaucus
What would you do Rand?
Nooooooo!  Where are the tax cuts!!
lindsay says its mynasty not amnasty...what..oh she says its both myamnasty
Yea but do something Rand - if this bill fails we are stuck with o care forever
Do not support garbage overhaul.
it has a sunset, does obamacare
Get healthcare and very big tax reform.
Government of can run social security, post office , vet administration and so on.
