The fact that Sessions was even elected as a member of congress is a joke
Talk to people who HAVE RECOVERED from addiction.(there is NO CURE) they are both the rich and poor. They will tell you what is needed.
I work with addicts everyday.  Insurance companies need to pay for long term treatment. 30 days is a joke for heroin.
BS
Seems to me @Rand Paul wants to run the country by himself. He needs to stick to his own job.
I'm am almost never in agreement with @RandPaul  but in this instance he IS totally right.
You can lock up drug dealers who are destroying lives, for life! Once they know the sentence they will stop if the are wise!
Won't stop the addict
The addicts need to detox, withdraw and counseling. Pharmaceutical cos. need to stop making drugs so addictive.
It is the inherent nature of the drug epidemic to BE the incarceration
Thank you @RandPaul for speaking out against Jeff Sessions. He will ruin lives and doesn't have a clue. He is dangerous to our country.
There are self-help groups in prisons to help addicts beat their addictions. You need the carrot & the stick. Incarceration is the stick!
Without the threat of incarceration many addicts will not seek the help they need. Locking up addicts keeps them safe from their addiction.
Give treatment in prisons for drug issues?Detaining while giving treatment could possibly save lives of offenders & those purchasing drugs.
I agree but @RandPaul should not have voted for Sessions, a known authoritarian who loves locking people up@RestoreHistory
Misdemeanors - agree. Pushers - lock 'em up - for a long, long time.
When are we, 1985?  Haven't we done this before?
Either make it legal or the death penalty to dealers over a certain weight
The Government produced the drug epidemic, and they want too lock up everybody. Shameless Government.
Change the law then. Everyone hates the CSA.
Senator Paul and his colleagues are all talk.  Haven't fixed the drug problem after decades of talk.  Go Sessions... isolate addicts.
Dear friend's nephew just died of heroine overdose after years of rehab and clean for 6 months! Pathetic waste of lives!
@RandPaul @tedcruz & a few solid Rs stand strong while the rest of establishment hide shy or cave in (intentionally)The swamp is transparent
First off, why are you quoting media liar CNN? Secondly, AG is only enforcing laws on the books, unlike previous administration.
Drugs ruin lives. I don't get it. If we can't stop them from coming they border and we can't incarcerate. What is the suggestion?
No, but is a necessary part of the solution.
Then why did Obama let thousands of drug dealers out of Federal prison to kill our kids Rand Paul is a moron looking for the spotlight
Then change the law, Sessions follows the laws congress makes.
What about Dr's writing rxs
Only the head honchos..
Wrong heroin dealer is a murder
What did Rand think when he voted for him?  Zebras can't change their stripes.
We.must put public safety first...dealing drugs is not a victim- less crime....the same re: illegal aliens
Then these people shouldn't be selling drugs to kids..
And you can nor hold an addicts hand and give them excuses. Been there cleaned myself uo
Ruin lives of criminals?  Boo hoo.  Can't agree with you on this one Doctor, listening to Law Enforcers.
No.  If they break the law, they ruin their own lives.  AG Sessions just follows the law.
And so? We left out of law?
How about this we enforce our laws, and now get this...wait ...congress makes laws....then we enforce our laws..I know it's a radical idea..
If you don't like laws then change them .
Wall plus education.
That's because we will NEVER be out of the drug epidemic.
C. Evert Coop caused this when he declared Mary Jane as a narcotic.
Weed went form $20.00 to $200.00 an oz.  Caused the crack epidemic.
De-criminalization is the obvious answer to an official goal of gang and cartel destruction. It's a talk that moral zealots aren't ready for
It removes the revenue chain. They would go broke if they did that
The explosion of federal growth to artificially inflate employment rates in response to a failing economy shouldn't sell liberty at any cost
Paul voted for Sessions knowing exactly the kind of person he is and is now surprised he is pushing laws that will hurt poor/minorities?
Deal with government corruption Sessions
I'd much rather see that as the focus than more wasted effort on the lost drug war.
Lets start with the dumb rurals and obese rusties. 
Uh, they chose to "ruin lives" when they committed the crime.
I have been listening to your policy crap since the early 70's and you have solved nothing with all of your policies. ZERO. "Just understnd"
How would either one of you know.   You probably have never smoked a joint in your live.  Right Ryan
But we can incarcerate ourselves into all kinds of money from private prison lobbies can't we Mr. Sessions.
Free meth is the answer. After 30-60 days, they're all dead. Problem solved.
this is why Trump will be easier for the Deep State to take down: he's missing every chance to win over those outside his base.
The goal is the threat will stop some of the illegal activity.
History and the country should move forward not backward. Sessions just wants to make America a police state again. See recent WH tribute.
America doesn't want the traffickers and pushers on our streets either.  And "ruin lives"???  Cry me a river!
If Paul Rand hates aca, then trust me...he has nothing else to help these ppl.  He's a hypocrite or grandstanding.
Sessions deal with corrupt congress and Clintons support your President
how about our pesidential crisis?
Rand Paul voted FOR Sessions. He has no standing here.
Ditto.
That's the only way Beauregard knows since he is such a fan of privatizing prisons.
Already been tried and failed!
