Senator Paul will hurt America if he continues to obstruct the Health Care Bill.
And the man that believes healthcare isn't a right has a Cadillac health care policy
Trump claimed he had a health care plan ready during campaign,he lied. No one expected the GOP to do as they promised,we know you too well.
The big government Republicans are still in charge and they like control just like the Democrats.
If you repeal it, without a replacement for those most in need. You won't be re-elected.
Isn't is sad that only one elected official remembers the message that elected them? We the People remember. #StaycationNov18
Stop it already it's repeal what the black man did period
Continues to pretend that HE is the actual president
I don't believe @RandPaul  ever meant to get rid of OC, it was just a campaign selling point.  Glad I chose to trust @realDonaldTrump.
I am shocked that I agree w Rand Paul.  This is early Christmas for health insurers
I am as well.And I hope the same but don't have confidence in rest of politicians to do what they should,rather than reelection interests
Anyone voting for this should be voted out. Weren't the Republicans screaming that Obamacare was beyond powers of the federal government?
@SenateMajLdr Hannity to GOP: http://video.foxnews.com/v/5512214269001  Unless you're a Socialist, too - VOTE FULL REPEAL NOW, NO REPLACE! No Socialist Med.!
It is possible to IMPROVE AND OBSOLETE   rather than #REPEALANDREPLACE
So fix it to repeal and get it done!!!!!
Rand Paul has no solutions other than to obstruct worse than a dem
Ok, lets pretend we r all state or federal employees and we get to purchase same insurance plan pricing...what if?
Why doesn't President Trump do what he promised?I don't want any part of Ocare in the new bill.So frustrated!
I'm for repealing it and for capitalism and using the FREE market to solve the problem. Cross state lines, kids till 26
The market place didn't have kids til 26.  Of course we all pay for everyone's healthcare whether or not they pay their fair share
You need to support the President. If you and the GOP don't get this thru you will be out in 2018. And then we're left with bad Dem ideas.
What really scares me is what other things are they slipping in unrelated to health care we don't know about?! Pass it to see what's in it?
Why can't you senator's put together a repeal and replace with a free marketplace. Ridiculous
It's what you get when you straw man is imaginary
Why are there able bodied ppl on welfare? Back in the 50s, my grandmother had 2 borrow from W. when she died we found the payback receipt.
Ppl used to b embarrassed to b on welfare.  Complete opposite today.Too bad if they like getting a free check. Obama made this much worse.
U guys have everything u need. Whtehouse ect. Getting nothing done and making the Prez look like an ass.Russia? U ppl need 2 get behind him.
You were elected to tell the truth. Don't let your colleagues simply rename it.
You'll come around - This is all an act to try to make the Left drop their guard. We know you're as much a #wealthcare tool as the rest.
Why do we vote Republican again? Time for an alternative party led by Rand. Democrat-lite RINO's are just democrats in nicer suits.
There's still NO free market component. Bunch of b.s. Get healthcare right and lower cost! Great job, @RandPaul
"A nation that tries to tax itself into prosperity, is like a man standing in a bucket who tries to lift himself by the handle".-- Churchill
“The principle of spending money to be paid by posterity, under the name of funding, is but swindling futurity on a large scale.”--Jefferson
"I predict future [bliss] for Americans, if they can prevent GOV from wasting their labors under pretense of taking care of them"--Jefferson
@RandPaul is selfishly grand standing for political recognition. 49 members of your caucus see you as the problem.
I hate to admit it but he is correct. Repeal Obamacare and replace. Do your jobs boys.
Watching you all! Get rid of Obamacare Mandate!
Most of the people want  u to make healthcare better not get rid of it . Your taking healthcare away from most of the American people. Think

Repeal #Obamacare. THEN start the #healthcare replacement debate here:  https://files.acrobat.com/a/preview/11996a07-db43-405a-a8bf-97b352b67c3e … Complicated = Corrupt.
@RandPaul - You are aware a NO vote, pushes bill more towards moderate position to pass, right? Why not pass it & work to improve in future?
https://twitter.com/walkanew/status/885960642921934848 … Get on board sir
Get Rid of ObamaCare, Reps and Dems GET IT RIGHT TOGETHER! !
Think of the opportunity missed on @Scotus potential picks if the Dems take over in 2018, then 2020!?  Healthcare can be repeal and revised!
Sir do you see allllll the dems thanking you and calling you great? Why because they want you and all repubs esp trump to fail and ur helpng
Why aren't you working right now on adding to the bill? You should be working 24 hours a day with repubs until this bill passes and i signed
Full repeal only!!!
You need to pass the bill now before concessions are made to put it through. Repeal the taxes later. You are killing our one time chance.
Do you really wanna be the reason everyone will call republicans liars ?cnn will bash our great president like it's his fault but it's yours
I support Rand Paul but his firm opposition on health care Bill just means more concessions extended to moderates. Time to vote Yes!
Posturing is fun, I'm sure, but meanwhile people are still having to pay the individual mandate. Grow up. Pass the BCRA.
If you don't like the new bill get your butt over there and tell them what you want .this will be a huge loss for trump and all of us.
are you even a republican? You promised us a repeal and replacement of obama care and if your the reAson it doesn't pass itll be very bad
I think most fear financial ruin. Garnish wages 10%x3yrs. After 3yrs. You're free. Everyone has skin in the game.
No replacement necessary: Dammit: Let Obamacare implode & allow market forces across state lines: Good grief!#realdonaldtrumpjameswoods
It is pathetic that GOP senators can't get anything done.
i guess another Republican that we need voted out.
Why reinvent the wheel the OC is a good starting point to get this right why destroying something that works for millions of people fix it.
The affordable healthcare plan is not collapsing is being underfunded is being manipulated is being undermined for the sake of repeal
Your the only 1 I see keeping the Promise....much gratitude Sen Paul for keeping your principles
Maybe you were, but it looks like most of the other objectors were elected because they weren't democrats
I criticized you for rejecting senate version of plan, but you were/are right. I apologize, Rand. Repeal & replace!
When Rand says repeal, he means , screw more Americans.
#StandWithRand
Thank you Senator Paul for common sense and ethics.
Repeal it..,Dimple to Repeal it.
Just do it....
Never mind the political cover.
Just do it....
So the McConnell, mcRyan / mccan't crew can't repeal o bum fk health care ?
This senator wants to see more DEAD AMERICANS for him this healthcare bill does not pay the rich enough & still doesn't hurt USA Enough!!
Pass the bill while you still have Presidency,make amendments after it's passed.If not you will lose  the house in 2018&2020 election.Rt
.@RandPaul is one of the few Senators whose word actually means something. I  applaud his integrity.  #StandWithRand for #FullRepeal
@RandPaul please stand your ground we need to repeal and replace as promised@foxbusiness
Mister do nothing must love Obama care because he's not helping the people
Sen @RandPaul is correct! We voted for a Repeal not more of the same approach as OCare! Vote no! We will remember in 2018.
Sen Paul, You must love ObamaCare so much. Did you have a chance to vote for ObamaCare? What he said- pick your own doctor, insurance, save$
I'll say it once again. We want Repeal and FREE MARKET.  CAN YOU HEAR US YET?
So why not come up with your own bill and present it straight to the American public?
I mean, buy time on a network and present it to us!
President Reagan said, if you get 70% of what you want, VOTE FOR IT. You can work on changing the 30% later. #RandKillsRepublicansMidTerm
Typical Republican, U forget U were elected to also replace with better quality and lower price health insurance. That's not what U R doing

It's all semantics.  Washington as a whole lacks integrity.  The pendulum is swinging and eventually those who continually betray will lose!
Apparently Rand Paul didn't get the " memo"- in last 2 years " replace" idea became much more popular and important than " repeal" to voters
What is the dang rush!!! Just repeal then take the time to create a great system! Jeeeze
Thank you Senator for being among a small few that really look out for We The People. It is worst legislation in history. #Repeal
Can someone explain why $200 Billion is being transferred to insurance co? Repeal the original law and rebuild from ground up. Get Real USS
This is why this minion will NEVER be GOP president-He won't negotiate and lives on an island called "egostical" all by himself #HisWayOnly
Ignorant dogmatic statement considering the huge amount of negotiation that hv already taken place btwn factions- #PutUpaBetterPlanorShutup
@Shalin42 Rand speaks the truth
I mean he's right!
Easy to just say not good enough!Bring your bill and the votes to pass it!Time 4 action!
All you people saying to accept this crap now and fix the rest later are idiotsThe #GOP has never & will never fix it later#FullRepeal
Cost wise?
Why don't you give it back to the state's it was just fine before government got into thanks to dems and Obama
@RandPaul Quit whining  and do your job. You guys complained for 9 years. Bring forth that bill. We need some help out here. Now.

Rand Paul will NEVER be a yes vote. He just loves the spotlight!
Keep hammering them on it Senator.
All ur doing is grand standing just like ur dad. Put on ur big boy panties&stand behind our President. KY carried him we expect u to do it 2
Totally agree. #FullRepeal
exactly, the govt is not our doctor and insurance isn't healthcare, repeal obamacare!!!

Just fix the current vision dip shit. Everyone can get behind it. It should take ten seconds. Help this country for once
"..doesn't repeal". Just as we suspected would be the case. Dems and Reps are the SAME. It's one party who only care what Wall St thinks.
Seriously I don't want to hear anything else about health care unless something passes. I'm over this soap opera #Maga
looks like  Rand will be golfing with the president this weekend
Then ok fix it. Don't just find faults. Find middle ground and finalize. Get it finished.
Yes he did
Repeal, its simple. Then put guidelines in place to sell across state lines, tax rebate for pre-existing, That's really about it! NOT HARD!
I believe senator Paul. He is one of the few who understands what's going on with the health care system
Why have Republicans embraced wealth redistribution? That is a Communist ideal, never a Republican ideal. @SenTedCruz @JohnCornyn @GOP
Because the working class invest more into the economy than the elite.
Why don't they want to repeal? I doubt many Republican voters would be badly affected, most would probably see their premiums plummet.
- DTS
So explain why it's so difficult to repeal (hint: #Obamacare was designed with that in mind)
Healthcare = the ball                              Republicans = Lucy                                The voters = Charlie Brown
He's right
What the hell is wrong with them? They promised us repeal and replace!
Repeal now!!
Selectively forgetting the "replace" after the "repeal"
@SenateGOP @SenTedCruz @SenMikeLee NO $ 4 opiod issues! NO subsidies! NO entitlements! NO Medicaid expansion! #FreeMarket Dr-Patient privacy
I don't think anything is going to satisfy you. Pass it or something before it implodes
After no insurance for 8 years we need something
We r clear. We want what we were promised #FullRepeal #obamacare @SenTedCruz @SenMikeLee @SenRonJohnson @marcorubio @SenateGOP @POTUS
Exactly
#RandPaul seems to gave the common sense market choice plan. U choose a plan fit for U. Competition key.No one size fits all. Bc it doesn't!
Hang in there sir. What happened to the other ones that was with him?
why don't the republicans talk about a voucher system for healthcare?
Trump does not care about middle-classwhen Americans die evil Republicans They didn't take care of themselvesnot my responsibility
Get ur acts together!


Nothing actually repeals #Obamacare but a #fullrepeal. Rand knows this, and he knows GOP will not deliver a full repeal.


It's clear that both GOP Senate & house are not for full repeal, so I suppose we have to settle for Ocare lite with more individual choice
Rand, stand tall to all of these rinos. I have upmost respect for you.
It's UTmost, but no respecter of someone who believes a small-business owner shd lose cancer care bc it's preexisting. That's cruel.
Sorry grammar princess. I'm guessing you watch a lot of fake news!
#FULLCOURTPRESS 
You Can't nurse a lame horse to health by working it @GOP 
FULL COURT PRESS ON FULL REPEAL!
Sir, take the best deal on the table as a 1st step. If you get to a 60 vote Senate majority in 2018, you can then push for more changes.
Then he should write his own bill... where is it? He complains but doesn't seem to have a solution
NOT in its present form. VOTE to get it on the floor for discussion. THEN necessary changes can be made. REPs have squandered 7 years!!!
#FULLCOURTPRESS 
FULL COURT PRESS ON FULL REPEAL!
FULL COURT PRESS ON FULL REPEAL!
FULL COURT PRESS ON FULL REPEAL!
#NoMoSocialism
@Grolier1 @FoxBusiness @RandPaul Yes! Attack dr, RX & hospital costs. Congress doing nothing to force prices down, demand it!!!!
Bill to Kill (Americans)
Thank you @RandPaul for standing for we the people and never wavering.
It's all my way or No way says the senator  seriously, do something
Keep fighting for repeal! We were promised the ability to buy insurance across state lines with lower prices!
Senator Paul, eight years and no plan. The American people deserve better.

Hello. I'm reporting you for spam.
Sorry for that
Where's your plan?
Solution???
Once again; we voted for Repubs..Congress/Senate with promises made.....and not kept...last straw for me..we may as well vote  4 Dimwits
Keep standing strong They said repeal ACA and now they get influence by power of re election just repeal ACA 1st
Well played establishment GOP. You prove that when it comes to truly terrible legislation, you are lockstep with Democrats...
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
This veteran is doing whatever she can to protect her son from the Republican health care bill 
Work on it until it is Repealed 
Yes, Rand Paul is correct! REPEAL, then replace! REPEAL! REPEAL! REPEAL! @GOP @FoxNews @Varneyco @LouDobbs @seanhannity
Now he says he won't even be a part of that.
You fought the good fight but it's time to govern
Full Repeal, Please!
Rand is a super-consv ideologue! Too late, no goin back! If can't get 50 votes with Repubs how do u get 60 votes when adding Dems into it???
Rand Paul needs to go join the democrats he's no help to the president
Unfortunately the majority of republicans are democrats
I want to see action
If the Repubs can't agree on a plan then how about give everybody the great health care plan that the gov't workers have.
Rand Paul is standing in the way of significant healthcare improvements due to his insistence on one point. A Paul no vote = vote him out!
This is not just about you curly locks, you are screwing everyone else for personal/political reasons. I hope you and your PAC are proud.
So what's your point? Where are your 50 votes for full repeal?
You know, you are ridiculous, vote for the new one now, revise it to your liking later. If not, you have let down the people of the Ky./US.
Pass the bill and fix it be fire the President signs it.
@PhyllisHart16 Sen. Paul Get with the program and do it even if it's wrong, get off your high horse,you will never be President
It's a mess! Congress may pay a big price at the polls.
Rand P. is turning into a fringe Senator shunned by BOTH parties!
Why, because he's actually wanting to do what he and the others promised to do?
Seems to me he's the only one in Washington willing to call a spade a spade
End the mandate
Fight to last minute for the best plan you can get, vote yes, and move on to the next round.
Please, @tedcruz do not vote for this bill! Vote only for #FullRepeal ! that's what you said you'd do, that's what I expect.
Drain the swamp whoever isn't there to make America great again vote in the bombs out
It's like "hey, let's take a couple of days & write an ad"- but instead it's a healthcare bill. Geez. Take the time & stop with the b.s.
Why touch on a couple of points of health care act- are they even the important points? Or just distracters - like fake news
Republicans broken promise to repeal Obamacare, now they want a vaca so will push thru a revised version of Ocare down our throats.
Hey Rand, get your shit together because the next alternative in single payer, which they will run on once Obamacare implodes.
Yes!!!! This bill doesn't #Repeal! It has gross government spending and doesn't cut Draconian Obamacare taxes
TELL US YOUR IDEA FOR HEALTH CARE AND WHY HAVEN'T WE HEARD IT?
You must've been living under a rock since Jan., b/c Rand has been very vocal about his ideas on healthcare in multiple media appearances.
Rand Paul is not a republican; he's a contrarian! He never met a tv camera he didn't like! Just saying
Gave u house, senate & Prez..now all u joker's telling us u really had no plan? C ya at the polls!!!! Get your shit together or pak your bag
Remember folks he has a really nice plan! Not what we have!
MAIN ST GETTING AGGRAVATED ,  " REPEAL ALLREADY, GO HOME ,COME BACK,  DO BETTER !
Repeal it u spineless @GOP. R u kidding me? 7 months for something u voted for 61 times. Put the bill on @POTUS table ASAP
People need to take a hard ling look at these Rhinos and yes Rand uve been there long enough to be a Rhino! Wrong to not allow a debate!
