end the stupid filibuster rule and repeal ObamaCare! No power in Constitution given to Feds to micromanage healthcare! @mike_pence
Filibustering is really important in my opinion, the whole advantage of the senate over the house is that it has the ability to
have unlimited debate to ensure the right action is taken and all views are considered.
when Senate was in Dem control they ended filibuster rule to allow Obama to fill courts with left wing activist judges!
I feel like you just contradicted yourself here, you say filibuster is bad but in its absence things happened you didnt like
no! Point is political parties are free and should do it to achieve goals. Filibuster rule is not needed.
To which rule are you referring and why
the right of minority party to filibuster to kill a bill! Rule requires 3/5 or 60 votes to end debate. It is stupid!
@trevorchurch Are the 20MM+ with health insurance, who would otherwise be going to the ER for primary care, your biggest issue?
These numbers are highly skewed due to change in Census Bureau criteria for what is "insured"
20MM people and 2 of my 9 family members would beg to differ. Family went from 22% to 0% uninsured. So just stop.
Really?
Alternately - you're correct. And the private health insurance market will never be the solution. So Medicare for all. Which?
Private won't be the solution? Malaysia embraced it and have the best healthcare in the world through a competition system
between public and private to keep prices low while still encouraging innovation and paying doctors what they deserve
You're right. On all points. (Will you just stop now?)
use its proper name "ACA" so that voters aren't so misinformed please
be with trump ,do not be. A jerk,
jerk,,,,,,
ignoring your constituents is just as wrong.  Thinking only abt yourself. Congress is exempt from ACA.   #notfaircongressnoaca
right they r exempted from ACA that's the point. Can't understand the struggle when they get free lifetime benefits. #dumpACA
ignoring people's personal debt to pay high premiums for ACA high deductibles is just worse.  Fix it, repeal it, replace it.
I commend the effort.  Don't lose heart.
Lets work together. The administrations with better budgets have been DEM Admins? Why not work with them???
$5 says ur replacement is simply a modified version of ACA. But Rs r 2 scared 2 admit it's a good program that needs improvement
now that the @GOP has control we expect to see #ACA replaced. You've had years to come up with a plan already, NO EXCUSES
you should be trumps most important senator. You share visions on several subjects - fix inner cities change electorate forever
Almost everyone shares these goals, methods however vary greatly
# Amen!!!
True!
BEGGING...please don't take away my insurance that I can finally afford!
So in other words, do nothing right Rand?  Goodness.
I would be DEAD without ACA. I have many pre-existing conditions. Ins co has sent out a letter, if ACA repealed, NO MORE COVERAGE
how come Dems never have this unsure feeling when they move forward with their agenda! You're becoming part of the problem Rand!
I would love to see "fiscally conservative" replaced with "fiscally responsible", because that's what we really mean.
, it figures... just another Pol.  Once tax $$ comes in want to keep it coming in.
@CelenaMariano2 @realDonaldTrump Free Care for all of US Citizens ,like Canada,Brazil,etc
help US first 
that make a lot of sense.
@SenatorLankford @jiminhofe Do it!  NOW!
. Impossible to balance budget as long as we have to pay the annual interest tribute to the banksters. #MonetaryReform needed.
if #aca is a mistake what would you replace it with? Begging just ONE Rep to give a plan.....
I don't understand why Sen Paul isn't getting more national attention from trumpsters?
keep up the excellent work!
please write bills that only contain one major decision.  Hidden objectives must stop
,eight years to figure out a replacement,yet nothing.they well know what will happen to the debt and economy, go ahead repeal now.
,there is an opportunity here to fix healthcare for the entire country, stop the vengeful,punitive,immature and deficit ignoring.
remove restrictions on supply side of healthcare and decouple insurance from employment. necessary. anything less is just talk.
Go public option. You know that KY needs it.
our national debt is simply out of control. The government can not afford to be a nanny to the country or the world.
no reason that both can't be cut at the same time
@RestoreHistory When the heck are you going to say @realDonaldTrump I support you.What can I do to help you President Elect Trump?
@RestoreHistory Obamacare must go within the next two yrs, in case we lose the house & senate. That will be our only chance!
Obamacare is killing small businesses.  Reoealing it is priority 1.
Thank u Senator 4 acknowledging it would be reckless disaster to repeal Obamacare w/o solid replacement or fix. Plz stand strong!
protect all Americans from Trump. Reform ACA not repeal. Lives depend on you.
Get govt OUT OF OUR HEALTHCARE. Can't even run the VA! You're holding Repeal hostage w/replacement,which may not B needed after 2 yrs
Deficit spending is investment spending — invest in America
Repeal NOW.2 yr transition.3/4 " newly insured" got pushed into http://Medicaid.Free  markets over state lines,competition= cut costs
Senator, We need Obamacare. Thank you.
Your fellow Republicans should be a lot more worried about this than repealing Obamacare.
http://whattheythink.com/data/71843-federal-debt-percentage-gdp/ …
@Johnathangull who is ignoring the debt? The @GOP? You had control of the House and Senate and what did you do?
Too many elected officials are looking for a television sound bite, and fiscal responsibility is not dramatic.
We need a healthcare law that doesn't cost the tax payers a dime while removing all Govt regulation that impedes competition #TLOT
it doesn't work,aint gona work,increasing debt 2fix isn't solution,medicaid structure alredy exist,make it competitive & b done
Frankly, it is irresponsible to repeal law without an alternative. Obamacare has been here 7 years! Nobody thought of a replacement? 
I knew you guys wouldn't repeal it.  Stabbed in the back again.
don't comment on problems until you have a solution.  otherwise you're just grandstanding.
yes! Thanks for your honesty & integrity!
people are terrified about losing their healthcare. Come work with me a day. Never mind. You have no soul. Shame on you.
what's your plan for healthcare genius? You aren't out here in the trenches working with elderly people and cancer patients.
No, if there is an (R) next to it everyone must support blindly, there are no values other than what they tell us...
Repeal it then work on the budget.
u are only sane voice in room #budgetblowup  #dontstoptrying
disband the IRS now!
Insurance.  It is a savings  account that you draw from for health care costs.  Pay as you go.  But here's the downside and it's
where is "replace"?  Y'all have complained for it years.  Where is YOUR plan?  And not this "health care savings"  crsp.  That not
did u tell the world that this was how it it now
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP @TheDemocrats Abolishing ACA $87B, Wasted $87M on repeal votes.Kick dislike for POTUS out of decision process
We give billions in foreign aid & military protection to virtual foreign allied so they can give their ppl free Healthcare!
DUMP Obamacare!  It is a disaster.  No excuses for not getting it done.  For once would the Republicans PLEASE lead!  Thx.
Rand Paul, will your health care plan work?
What plan is that?
He has a replacement healthcare plan for ObamaCare.
@RandPaul   #RepealObamaCare
Thanks. Will have to check it out.
why the hell are you not President??
Why is it a mistake? What do you have to offer that is better?
#StandWithRand
come on Randy, no physician ever understood how Hlthcare Finance Works, tell the truth bro, why don't you ask providers, not ins
OBAMA CARE DISASTER closing. Rural hospitals. Loss of jobs
get hospitals to post their prices so the public is aware of the astronomical gouging. No public funds for hospitals w shady price
Seriously you people can't cannot deal with more than one priority at a time!?? You need to come work for me, I will coach you...
it's just common sense
Thank you for your common sense on this issue.
Repeal #ACA first! Then you can worry how to have better healthcare! Get rid of #illegals first!
I agree; debt is out of control, and plenty of wasteful spending, fraud & abuse. Need a balanced budget.
What are we afraid of? That we are broke?
is one of the hardest working senators out there. Thank you.  #repealobamacare #balancedbudget  #AuditTheFed
we do need statesmen who think what's best for the country first.
Dr. Paul, Wyden-Bennett '09 cost-neutral, preserved coverage, pvt plans, REPLACED FEHBP, SCHIP, Medicaid!! http://bit.ly/2iWvLcu 
dude you're really anal about numbers- so glad not married to you! No offense!
Obama care  is  Corruption
so you lost but should decide priorities?  Not likely
We not  Want  Obama care
and replace ACA with what? One thing we know 4 sure Senator, your kids are going to be covered by health care. Why r u special?
Well Hell Paul you were a mistake also. OBAMA and all his endeavors must expire n a puff of smoke.
, said it before will say again: Make Americans care about the debt by making them feel a part of it. You won't win the battle w/o
With our nearly unprecedented partisan acrimony, I like reaching across the aisle when we agree.  Well said Sir!  #commonground
I think the USA has more pressing issues than dismantling Affordable Health Care. Please redirect the efforts!
- Dismantling anything non-constitutional should be pressing issue...including ACA.
Need to do whatever it takes to repeal Obamacare. It will cost more money in the long run not to repeal & replace.
. You are running American down
Very dissappointed Repubs voting against if on principle only- time to get career politicians out - citizen reps in
First time in history our government has required citizens to purchase insurance. Unacceptable & unconstitutional must be repealed
says it all..balance budget VERY important!
He seen Grandmother Dorothy go with out medical care for her cancer .Ask for his help.Was told moved  out of Kentucky .SHE DIED.
so why didn't you and your party work across the aisle say...7 years..6,5,4,3,2,1 year ago to correct some of the imbalances?
Yes, that's so very true!  Healthcare and all social issues should be a state's issue.  That's how our constitution was designed.
God I wish you were the president elect right now.
I hope Trump bands together with Paul and Cruz. They seem to be on the same page for the most part.
It's nice to have adults in charge
well said senator 
Yes, there must be a repeal accompanied by a brand new creative vision, using both the free market and *massive* bureaucracy cuts.
...or else there is failure.
that's the kind of law/state program that once passed/established will never go away and only expand. Can take that for granted.
oh yeah that pesky 20 trillion dollar debt. I'm sure Trump will fix that right after the Twitter wars.
we need comprehensive health insurance for all. #FixIt don't repeal it. Start working for all people and not your select few.
If you must repeal you must replace.  #noexceptions
Should have worked on this before it ever passed but you guys couldn't play nice with Democrats. You are all to blame.
A sovereign government should not have a balanced budget end of story
good point
Thank you for the logic!
In my opinion this man is not only smart but wise too.
are you implying that congress should walk and chew gum?
