No consevative should vote for a rebranded trillion dollar spending program just because it adds some block grants.
Keeping 90% of Obamacare is not ok and it's not what we ran on. Conservatives should say no.
NO OBAMACARE!!! FREE MARKET PLEASE!!!!
Thank you.  Please vote against Graham-Cassidy.
I agree all they need to do is help instead of hurt us .keep TRUMP out of equation .Obamacare is not perfect. Com up with a BETTER BILL..
#RohingyaUnmasking   of Brutal Genocide Criminals upon hindu peoples
This Senator speaks truths along with SENATOR MCCAIN and hopefully SENATOR MURKOWSKI AND POSSIBLY SENATOR COLLINS. THEY ARE ONES -COURAGE
As usual, you obstruct instead of negotiate. You have great ideas, but none will pass when your negotiating stance  is 100% "me" or nothing.
Yeah they should replace Obamacare with something. Let 20 million lose insurance.
Fortunately, not the case. Block granting Medicaid money to states KEEPS people covered. And those now on exchanges would continue to buy.
At least they tried. You haven't done one thing to help like you said you would.
Why haven't you authored what you want. We, the people just want it gone. You All in DC are a great disappointment.

I agree Senator, no question about it. Even so, GC must be accepted.
Single payer systems lead 2 death & poor quality care. That could b y Canadians & others from around the world would come here 4 treatment.
#RohingyaHinduMassacre 
#Rohingya/#Bengalies unmasking
#RohingyaUnmasking brutal genocide criminals
#Bengalies /rohingya commited that crime
Really?    It's a good start in the right direction.   Vote for it.  
Doesn't kill enough Americans for you.
Exactly kinda like how the hill won't vote  on getting the troops out of Afghanistan, they're totally worthless and we will be replaced
So you'd rather the feds run it? 

Keep spinning for why we should keep Obamacare and Planned Parenthood funding.
Would the states decide planned parenthood funding under this?
Not federal funding. It would be removed.
Thru Graham/Cassidy?
Correct.
Then that's half the battle!
You guys in the Senate are ridiculous. You can't agree on anything. Quit acting like little children.
Stop!! You are not honestly representing the people who voted you on!!!!
Hey if it makes my taxes lower and less spending on my part vote for it please. Sign middle class
Support Bernie.  All taxpayers deserve the same insurance that any government employee receives.  We all pay for it.
Sir: I'm not hearing a plan from you.
Get onboard or get out of the way @RandPaul
Offer an alternative bozo
Free markets! Health accounts, sell across state lines. Why won't they give us what we want.
That keeps Government out of the healthcare insurance business altogether No ?
You can not allow Ca. to run an Insurance plan, the funds will go to illegals not the American citizens.
While not a free market solution, giving the power to the states over the federal govt is a marked improvement. Compromise now, fight later.
@LindseyGrahamSC  Vote yes in House bill
I guess we'll just keep Obama care and go broke thank you Senator
You must start somewhere. Your way or no way gets us nowhere. Please compromise to begin chipping away at this monstrosity!
Nice
Resign you are not uniting your party!!!!!
Not what I voted for! Full Repeal!
Agreed but states r better at budgeting. Keep hearing R's say its our last chance & 2 chip away at aca later. Thoughts?
Oh. So you'ld rather keep Obamacare.
Well what's your plan, knowing Senate will not pass your plan, just let Americans suffer?
Mr Paul. I know this does not repeal the law but we need your support to get over this deadlock hump. Once done we then can make it better
Gets rid of individual mandates & States can change if they choose. Local government is always best plus it Constitutional with Healthcare.
You are foolish to oppose this bill.  A block grant freezes federal expenditures and gives states flexibility to deliver cheaper healthcare.
NEWSFLASH
Senator this bill imposes long term structural cuts to Medicaid spending and you're opposed to it? I thought you were a fiscal conservative.
It just starts repeal - not great, but can't afford another loss. Don't be Judas & allow Dems to keep O'care & on to single payer. Vote yes
You are suddenly against a step towards States rights?
Stay vigilant Senator Paul you are like your father, the only voices of wisdom on Capitol Hill. It's infuriating
Just don't give in at the last minute Rand.  Stand your ground here and really vote NO
We who support #ACA will take a no vote wherever we can get it! Thanks!
You had best stand up and vote yes or you could see your job coming to an end sooner than you like
Just Obamacare lite
Then you and your arrogance have become the problem! Stop grandstanding and start governing! We have to start somewhere at ending #ObamaCare
Does proposed bill defund planned parenthood, then I'm for it. Eat the elephant one bite at a time. I voted for you Senator and I'm watching
Rather have states Handel it than have Washington get it all messed up
Looks like you have the lefts support. Far right is just as bad as far left.
Stay strong Senator. Don't let them buy you off. You're smarter than that.
Please don't vote for this terrible bill. It's a horrible idea.
I hope you'll remain strong in your opposition!
Graham-Cassidy will come to the states with massive barbs, hooks and compliance regulations. Obamacare lives through @LindseyGrahamSC.
Please consider voting FOR the current plan to block grant, and remove mandates!
Must have relief NOW!
to help employees/employers surviv
1. It also allows the state to end it.
2. Isn't that better than what we have now?
3. Do you like being a phony conservative?
No Thanks!
If you vote no rand u r voting to keep obamacare. Maybe forever,   No thanks.

Ohio anti-MOC legislation to be considered on Wednesday | Voice your support!: http://mailchi.mp/aapsonline/ohio-anti-moc-legislation-to-be-considered-on-wednesday-voice-your-support …
When are you guys going to get on board with our president we finally have a chance to change American people voted for  shame on all of you
I am  fine with Obamacare if they send the dreamers back and build a wall
Hoping you'll vote against it!
Thank you for your NO vote! It will hurt millions!#noGrahamCassidy
Rand Paul may have his own ideological good intentions,but he is a RINO out of touch with the political skills required for compromise.
Freemarket with competition is the only way to keep insurers, dr.s , hospitals &big pharma in Gov.Can't keep FBI in 
If believing that means you vote no, then keep believing. Please. My family's life depends on it.
Do SOMETHING! Devolve and let states innovate!!! Don't be McCain on this!
If we keep Obamacare, it's ballgame over.
Wr did not elect Pelosi or Schumer or any other liberal ro be president. NO DACA it was unconstitutional! Full REPEAL of Obamacare!! Taxes!!
You better get onboard we need this more than we need what we have
Doesn't cut it.
Give us something that covers EVERYONE and we can afford Senator. I know it's possible @RandPaul
Gotta ask: Who the "F" keeps re-electing Lindsey Graham to the Senate? Another poster child for #TermLimits!!!
Remember, the majority of Americans can't afford healthcare.  Even the grants don't help  since the copays are not affordable. Fix it.
California using liberal math & progressive bookkeeping will run Graham/Cassidy into ground as state program and expect a national bailout
Once you give the Government power, they're not going to give it up.
What you need and want is my plan to replace Obamacare. America 50% healthier in 18 months and saves $ 1/2 Trillion every year. Ask me.
They never intended to repeal
So we keep Obamacare. What is wrong with the GOP when you have all three branches of gov’t and cannot deliver. #americaisintrouble
REPEAL REPEAL REPEAL
Let insurance co's offer their own packages. pass a law for catastrophic care, create a pool for pre-exist similar to small bus. co-ops
I'm glad to see you finally realized what this bill was about.  Now can you please introduce a bill to simply repeal all of ocare in 2 yrs.
It's called a compromise. You should try it just once so we can move on to other things!
does anybody care what u think anymore-ur a broken irrelavent record
Can we take baby steps to pull this entangled law out of our govt, otherwise we'll never get rid of it.  Your purism isn't helping.
Please persuade your colleagues that this plan is reckless and irresponsible.
States could chose what they like for Healthcare as the constitution intended.
Free markets... No govt interference Stare or otherwise. My body is Not their biz.
But you support other trillion dollar spending? Just not spending that makes it possible for people to have essential care?
You should go back to your state and tell your constituency to run it instead you pubic-haired lookin retard
Thank you for saying NO to this terrible bill!
I stand with Rand, my Senator I can count on to always stand firm in his principled conservative values to do right for oft forgotten people
Until our plan looks like your plan, keep working.
JUST VOTE FOR IT! You haven't been able to get your plan through, IF U CANT BEAT EM, join them #MAGA #GrahamCassidy
Hush bot
There is no realistic way for a full repeal. Please join reality and help to move in the right direction.  Or we just have ACA thanks to you
So we are left with Obamacare then. Admit that and own it.
You're a fool.
Will support every primary opponent u ever have with a max contribution forever if you vote no
Repeal Obamacare.
If we're stuck with Obamacare, can we pass a law that prohibits members of congress from being exempt from it so they can see why it sucks?
If it passes file a bill to refund all SS/Medicare $ to those of us who die b/4 we collect because our insurance was cancelled #micropoetry
keep fighting!
Our state  of Ky. In Pulaski Co. is down to ONE provider starting in January. What are we suppose to do when the last one leaves??
Heard your explanation of your no vote today on TV. Quite frankly you made zero sense.
And you wonder why the president works with the Democratic Party
Wish I had a Senator who voted no
More reasons to flee NY/blue states! Red states/conservative governors => safe havens.
How does it help, to keep it crappy, but take Obama's name off and put GOP's on. S T U P I D
What exactly is the better thing you see actually passing? What are you holding out for?
O' kay Senator, more power to you for being a continueous voice of sanity.
Graham/Cassidy should be called UNaffordable Care Act: projecting 32M lose coverage by 2026 & 20% increase premium $ in 2018 alone. #GOPLies
Mandates are removed... Expands HSA's... Need to add ability to buy insurance across state lines to increase competition.
Hm. Let's see: Pre-existing conditions, essential benefits, cost sharing, subsidies, & more - all gone. Nope, doesn't sound like ACA to me.
Just don't force a No if it means were closer to universal healthcare
Mandate gone?  Is participation compulsory?
Just asking. Haven't seen it all
Doesn't it work on ones self esteem to draw a good salary and not accomplish anything towards why you were put there??
You're not a team player Senator Paul. As I said in a previous tweet, pick your poison-either vote for this bill,or GOP loses Senate in 2018
Y do u  want to take away healthcare from Kentuckians and millions of Americans! You are a Dr. What happened to First do no harm@RandPaul?
Dump it and start over.
May be on to something, Fed mandate for states to manage there own healthcare system, but without Fed subsidies, . See if that works, 
But as I sit and ponder what was a sarcastic comment, why not bounce to the states? Boost VA and use as alternative for Medicaid. 
So why did you vote for it in the last bill? #VoteThemOut #SaveACA #noGrahamCassidy
At least it lets the states run it rather than the beaurocrocy that is the federal government! Please pass it and then work on improvements!
... but he voted for repeal last time?  
Not the solution...full repeal is the answer.
Dump the thing! The free market is our best bet for reducing healthcare cost!
This is cruel and inhumane. Why do you Rs want the little man to suffer???
You said that last time and voted for it anyway! How can citizens of Kentucky believe U? How much will it take to buy your vote this time???
States have rights
Please start separating yourself from Trumpism and nationalism and be a leader in front of the cameras.
Better than the Feds running it
Obama RUINED OUR HEALTH CARE GOVERNMENT GET OUT IF IT
I'm beginning to think your a champion of no cause or result for that matter #getitdone
I have requested a state impact report of the bill from @marcorubio (today) as I'm his constituent. Do you have one for your state yet?
Am ppl want just REPEAL.
Not really and you libertarians want people to die
Sure better to loose the house and senate and have the DEMS kill the filibuster and destroy us all with single payer, hmm not so much.
#anarchist ?
Are you saying it's not horrible enough for you to vote for it? It certainly sounds like it.
I appreciate the fact that you always remain consistent & conservative! Can't remember you ever going back on your word!
Is that code for heartless bastard? Paul is even more heartless than the rest of the traitor GOP party.

Senate can't. States can figure it out it appears @SenateGOP @SenateDems @realDonaldTrump #RepealAndReplace
Ugh, this tastes like crap! Wanna bite?
Where is your alternative to Graham's idea?
Senator can you support a plan this time around so at least we can stop the hemorrhaging. It can be fine tuned and made better as we go
Stick to Repeal! I'm starting to think you are the only one listening to the American people! Repeal! Repeal! Repeal!
Ok if you don't then u will be seeing single payer Rand then you & republicans will be responsible..just hand it over to dems then..pathetic
Take it back to SCOTUS and find it as unconstitutional as DACA
so u want to keep federal goverment legislating healthcare???
you should support graham/cassidy....block granting healthcare back to States is meaningful reform....let States develop statewide solutions
The states can't be trusted to do the right thing about out healthcare! I'm a witness!!
Agree with you. Why aren't they letting you a physician put your plan out there? Everything I've heard you say I agree.
Please make sure this garbage fails! Thank you! #GrahamCassidy


And kicks people off healthcare. No hearings, no full Cbo analysis
But you eventually vote yes because you like other Republicans are unprincipled.
Though I disagree with your reasoning I agree with the no vote.
We have no representation in congress.
I'm so embarrassed of the republicans. I changing to independent!
Fight this Rand!!
exactly!
NO WAY!
Make a deal
#StandWithRand
Problem is the GOP like Graham are largely statists who violate the constitution as well so there's no difference between them & Dems
you're indirectly obstructing the POTUS/GOP AGENDA.
He is obstructionist. .
No thanks to you ever running for President
It's sad, but other than a few constitutionalists like Rand, there's no regard for state sovereignty anymore #10thamendment
@RandPaul All you do is shoot stuff down. Design a plan and propose it
Any bill that removes the ind/employer mandate is ok in my book.  I will always opt out of anything forcing me to buy a product I don't want
Instead of complaining like always, why don't you get off your 
@$$ and create a bill that gets passed? We the people demand it!
Repeal! Send that back to the states!!!! @SenateMajLdr that does nothing.... listen to Rand Paul! @SpeakerRyan who is totally incompetent!
I agree
Please educate the folks on big govt "Republican" Michael Leavitt who's in the biz of implementing state Obamacare Exchanges.
I'm with you on this.
Get on board. Something is better than nothing. Go back to it later but start somewhere PLEASE
Give it up. You are becoming an obstacle
A true Constitutionalist would enter a bill banning the mandates rather than arguing about petty details.
All this means is I want to be important and recognized and get a couple ammendments but will ultimately cave and pass TrumpCare
I have always  worked even  in highschool. Always  had health ins.
Tired of you always in the way of progress. Take your marbles and go.
