how about introducing a bill to force hospitals and doctors to post their rates and fees online for all their services? I want a healthmenu!
Places that WON'T give info do NOT deserve your business!
Can you move to strike section 623 from the Intel Act? Targets @wikileaks and its supporters.
Audit the Feds!!.
Good cheap advertising, introduce legislation & get free press. Well why not? Better yet vote yes on every Trump initiative. Guaranteed win.
Should’ve been done almost a century ago!!!!
How about free clean energy use by the SSP or other outer earth projects
How about tax payer money used for #SolarWarden
As a taxpayer I would not like my money spent on any research, none, not one bit. Let private parties fund research.
@RandPaul, I agree with this guy
And when we two agree, the matter is settled in Heaven and on earth. So just throw up a post when all funding has been canceled.
Amen and amen

Wow not get this through the house and senate. So many bills like this are ignored.
How about research funding to look into government corruption?
But how would you ensure that this law would be followed? Gov agencies act autonomously. They do whatever they want. Accountability how?
if you guys did your job then we wouldn't need to have this legislation.

How? Nobody goes against.crooks. Pres. Wants to drain the swamp,they block him
Thank you, Mr Paul
. To @realDonaldTrump : If you want to move your great agenda forward more efficiently then RAND PAUL  must become SPEAKER. PERIOD!
EVERYTHING that takes place on the Hill needs greater transparency! These people need a leash!
try discretionary funds
Great. Now find out where obama got money for 5 estates Florida,Chicago,California,New York,Hawaii. He stole from the American people
You..Susan Collins and a few others are nothing more than obstructionists..glad I got the hell out of Louisville.. You are bad news.
Oh good that will people block research into things they would rather hate than understand.
How about tax payer money that has been used for Space Projects like used for all the battles going on in the upper atmosphere
We don't need more laws. We need laws enforced. We need many unjust laws repealed. We need agencies shut down & a beltway reduction.
Nice bill anyway. We have lots of nice laws on the books which are routinelly ignored. Not followed by the government. No accountability.
This is how our taxpayers' money is being used...

http://nation.foxnews.com/2016/08/18/trillions-go-missing-military-pentagon-cant-account-65t-taxpayer-cash …
Big government spends Big...it's what they do.
Spends? They allegedly "lost" it.

Thank u! A real thorn in my side esp when I read the BOOK published every yr on GOV WASTE!! How about exclusion of relatives of Congress?
Sdoes the transparency have cameras in case researchers are taking a undo amount of coffee breaks
Will this affect shrimp on a treadmill funding?   Just asking.  G
More Hot Air from Rand. He’s already running for 2020 Against POTUS. CHICKEN SHIT if you ask me.  @RandPaul @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump
Let’s see Trump’s taxes. Then talk transparency. Republicans are going down. Too many lies by all of you except J. McCain.
This is so true! Thank you for bringing this to light! Stop throwing way oi r tax $ on things that are common sense or simply not important!
What you need to stop dragging your feet about is #GlassSteagall to save this country! #EndTheFed
Thank you, research is paid by Us, they experiment with Us and then the result they sell it to Us at top dollars, what is up with that?
Wasting more taxpayer money...
Please introduce legislation so it's transparent on what happened to our money that Bill and Hillary Clinton received from Uranium One deal?
Actually, your legislation would do away with scientific peer review for funding consideration,  & replace them with political appointees.
Great. Thank you. Someone needs to stop government overspending
#Thankyou
Research?how about healthcare.
Not just research funding, but taxpayers would benefit in knowing how govt is gouging them 2 the max then blowing it on own selfish desires.
Something about this guy I trust.
Thank you Rand! You are my favorite senator #IStandwithRand
Rand.
Show me in the Constitution where the States delegated authority to the Feds to spend money on research.
You’re better than this.
Thank God for Senator Rand Paul. We need more Americans like him in congress.
We don't have the money for that Rand.
Your a weasel transparency my ass you don’t know what transparency is
sad that we need legislation for this...
Tweet when something actually gets passed and signed. Sick of “introducing legislation”
Thank you.
Yes! So much waste!
Amen!!! Hope it passes!!
Go Rand
We want tax reform. We need Obamacare repealed.  Sounds like you are changing the subject.
Why don’t you start with Hillary and comey and uranium we want answers
I'm voting for you to be the next vice president. Don't hear about Pense doing much
Usefulness of uselessness https://library.ias.edu/files/UsefulnessHarpers.pdf …
Also need transparency of Govt salaries/retirement, limit outside funding/trading while serving govt position to eliminate bribes/corruption
Dems will never go for that they have wasted at least 10 Trillion in last 40 yrs  running Major Cities into slums while living large.
This sounds good.
A silliness test would have rejected hydrogels Long before they gave us soft contacts or knee replacements
3D printed hydrogel is a lot less creepy thank “we take a cadaver and ...”
How about just greater research funding, you sellout?
Rand healthcare repeal and reform first pkease
Go for it!
What happened to the missing trillions at the pentagon?
Geese starve to death because committee seeking golden eggs cut off non gold colored food
General Relativity research that keeps GPS from drifting 10Km/day would fail “taxpayer usefulness” test
Great idea
Thank god! Can we all get a print out once a year since we're the ones working
The hardest working senator
This has concerned me for years! THANK YOU for taking this on! Praying you actually are totally successful!
Thanks Senator #MAGA
No he is not helping MAGA. He voted against repeal.
Why not pass a bill already geez!!!
Introduce to put u and yr swamp buddies under Obamacare.
$$ for Research given out by petty Czars to their select group of cronies. 
$$ is wasted on idiotic and often multiply duplicated projects.
THANK YOU !
I have trouble believing a Kentucky senator
How’s about just ending all federal research funding altogether?!! It’s enough already.
We needed you to repeal Obamacare as promised
EXCELLENT work Rand Paul !!!! I was wrong about you....YOU are clearly one of the GOOD GUYS !!! Keep up your HARD WORK !!!!!
You better pass tax reform

MUST READ! Civil service employees(EPA) went so far as to write the "Practical Guide for Resisting the Trump Regulatory Agenda"!BIG PROBLEM!
That's awesome!  We want more transparency.
I'm a voter & a fan. Keep up your good work.
Sir, your a good man. TY for ur service.
Thanks Senator.
Can we get he same for the military?
I hope you are also promoting greater funding for research. Taxpayers deserve to have a government that promotes scientific research.
How about create a firm that only investigate money politicians spend and arrest the abusers y'all ain't above the law
Senator Paul has returned over $4 million to the treasury from his Senate budget.  Need to look at what the others are doing with theirs.
I know I am huge fan of his.......
It's about time we cut this crap..................long overdue!
Good let's get the shrimp off the treadmills. We like fat full size shrimp 
You mean it isn't important to know the mating habits of grey squirrels in Oregon?
Very Good,  thank you Senator Paul  :)
Thank you!
Keep digging Rand!!!   There should be very little reason to fund research.  Good job
Thankyou!
great idea but GOP tax plans never help the middle class or the economy. The reason is (cont) http://tl.gd/no71t3 
Love you, Rand!!  God bless you, protect you, guide and prosper all you do to restore our Constitution and nation!
Boo! Rand Paul sucks. On healthcare,  taxes, coal, and as a human being.
That’ll never fly
What about transparency when you pass bills and exempt all of Congress.
Grandstand Rand strikes agand

I'm wondering why all the checks and balances are not there to begin with.  They were there at one time.
I like u dude. Good job
Thank you Senator Paul
Excellent. So grateful for your courage & persistence! Thank you! @DonaldTrump
Ok. Let's see how this going to go over. In one ear and out the other.
Thank you. Much needed as is justice for crimes committed by high level officials and immigration of Islamic Sharia Law. Answers are needed.
I’d rather have truth, honesty, integrity, morals and ethics from office holders.
So important that we the taxpayers see were the money is wasted by congress on sacred cows trivial pursuits.
On 2nd thought,we shouldn’t fund ANY medical research/Cancer&other research funded by donation & MOST $ goes 2 Admin salaries-ACCOUNTABILITY
How about we start researching gun violence in America.Of course you are so dishonest you would never admit how much money it waists.
Your research: Criminals use weapons, including guns, to commit crimes. Your welcome. i take cash or paypal.
Why so we be more pissed off than we already are? We should have votes on how to spend OUR money!
How about supporting #NetNeutrality next?
Let’s make sure no money is spent on Environmental research or Guns to ensure our base stays uninformed and we can fleece them
excellent! Thank you!
thank you!
A Mil $ is a LOT 2 most Americans-And I think ONE Million PER yr IS enough IF managed properly by grantee. If REAL need 4 more/Req Unanimity
So long as they understand it too.
How about legislation to create transparency for elections, so voters know which rich asshole is backing which political toady?
No more global warming research funding. No more grants to Dr Gu!
Thank you. I'm so sick of hearing about how my taxpayer dollars get spent on stupid things...like shrimp on treadmills.
Thank you!We never see/hear study results & reason is we’d be outraged.Studies NOT BENEFITING REAL science MUST B stopped AND $CAP per study
Let's do the same for heathcare, make the prices transparent to all!
How about you introduce the SAME for campaign contributions, candidate finances, and government travel spending?
SOUNDS LIKE A GOOD IDEA. KEEP PUSHING IT. OUR NATIONAL DEBT DEMANDS THAT YOU DO.
I love this
All for that
but you're still holding up other legislation that needs to be passed to help the middle class
Great
Please Senator. Not today.  I have had enough. I get it. George made it very clear 4 all America. Relax and stop insulting us.
Government funded research is the most wasteful & least fruitful research being done.  In general research should be done by private firms.
Gonna do the same with the Pentagon?
You still need to vote for the budget!
Yes!!!!!! We want to know where all our money is going!!!!!!! Please!!!!!
It is dandy to have the legislation. Problem is many in government refuse to follow the law!
Like @realDonaldTrump vanity wall project? That Mexico will pay to build?
Any start on transperancy is a start
Why don’t you participate on the committee for tax reform or health reform ? That way you can’t be a constant obstructionist...cause u r...
Yes I agree with you let's do it 
Researching shrimp on a treadmill.....
Good!
Wish we taxpayers had a say in how yall waste money
Why is the gov funding research? Let the private sector fund their own research.
Your goal is noble but misguided.  We see criticisms of things like "fruit fly research" but don't realize the huge impact this research has
What type of research do you do?
Very cool.  Do you think the average politician would have a grasp on what you do or do you think they may possibly misinterpret it?
My point is that it’s pretty common for politicians (usually republicans) to point out research they think sounds meaningless or wasteful
When in reality, the research may have a wide number of applications. Think fruit flies & cognitive science, mice & cancer research, etc.
Mantis shrimp is one of the most often cited pointless research meanwhile it’s led to huge discoveries
Well that is stupid 40 percent of Americans believe in zombys they never understand the budget.
And no other senators have jumped aboard.
I concur
Fine but what about the Tax cut/reform legislation? Come on guys!
Well Done, finally. @SenatorRandPaul
How about making all that taxpayer funded research freely accessible to the taxpayers who funded it?
#ItsOurMoney & we want to keep more of it. Transparency’s aren’t cut We demand BOTH & an end to #MakeAJobResearch for donors #StopWaist
Like golf rounds at 600 a pop
Good luck getting that passed in the age of #Trump! Private  cabinet won't like that.
@chuckschumer thinks Americans are stupid and don't care how tax dollars are spent by bureaucratic elites in Washington DC
Did you write something to prevent the cabinet members to take private jets?
But do you still support Roy Moore -- that bigoted reincarnation of Boss Hogg?
Typical closed minded, dehumanizing, name calling lib. So please tell me how exactly Roy Moore is a “boosted reincarnation of Boss Hog”? Just wondering if you just regurgitate what CNN tells you or if you think independently and critically.
YES!! Ty Senator. Finally, I can see how many cigar smoking chimpanzees we're funding!
And shrimp on treadmills.
Cardio = vital to sustainability of the shrimp population
Lol I want my prawns to be fit when they get put on my plate.  
Joke:

Publicly funded researchers were conducting a study on the effects of flight response stimuli on bullfrogs in incapacitated states...
....  was the bullfrog names jeremiah?
Thank you!! That is how the government robs us the most! God Bless you Rand Paul!!
@BoChurchill
Just vote for the budget. Thanks
Ignore the man behind the curtain?
I disagree with a lot of your politics, but I can get behind any campaign reform that creates transparency. Thank You sir.
#StandWithRand
Great Job
How about correlating funds to # of deaths, i.e. prostate vs. breast cancers?
We don't have transparency for cabinet travel (private jets), Trump property "mtgs" & emoluent clause infractions. Start there. #Priorities
What happens when malfeasance occurs? Nothing apparently.
People are still drinking every day 
Say do they get paid for setting on their asses questioning people if so how much ? lets see the real transparency their already not earning
Another smart intelligent move by a great Senator. Thank You @RandPaul .
Public Charities do the the same type of tactics, the abuse of subgrantee payments.
Look at Feeding America for Example or Second Harvest.
Realizing you spent college forcing girls to do bonghits among many pranks I wouldn't expect you to know about the NSF grant process. Strict
Sit down richy boy, you've done enough damage, leave the nerds alone. Go comb out your perm or something.
Robot squirrels and poop throwing monkeys?
What are you going to do about THIS???:
Thank you good
Support trump tax plan or prove you support Obama taxes.
We need to know who we are voting for in your next primary
Hey dummy- Obama LOWERED Middle Class taxes & made Bush's tax cuts for the wealthy PERMANENT Exactly WHAT Obama taxes are you talking about?
obama did no lowering of any taxes
here is list of new taxes https://www.atr.org/full-list-ACA-tax-hikes-a6996 …
Need to encourage more research at the university levels through funding. Make discovery and patents open for all. Not big pharmaceutical co
That's not a bad idea
Good
