hi I stand by you and your Health Care Bill
Universal health care helps create a better society. New plan is about greed & fear instead of common good. Shameful
universal healthcare is horrible you want it goto Canada and wait multiple months too see a doctor!
Canadian system much better than here. I'm Canadian and had great health care until I moved here.
really while my dad was there for business the citizens would rather pay for a private practice
If they want to get elected in 2018, replace O-care, there is not fixing a dud. Spineless sell-outs will be abandoned.
Bretbart?  Seriously?  You are as delusional as Trump if you think anyone will believe anything they say.
Fine - and how many other self-centered Republicans think only THEIR plan will work? So nothing gets done.. #tryworkingtogether
Oh, Mon Ami, must disagree - had it not been for Harry Reid's obstinance & Obama's arrogance, good things would've hap'nd
please...not at the expense of older people who simply cannot afford another increase! Btw...i am trump voter.
No
repeal it go back to insurance co. And reform them and hospitals, ect.
Great respect for Senator #RandPaul! I urge #Trump to embrace him. Smart, honest, our youth listen to him! I trust him!
Only healthcare reform America needs is turning everything over to the states. Healthcare regulation is not an enumerated power.
Rand posting link to his interview on Breitbart, not even trying to hide alt-right views anymore
#RepairNotRepeal

GOPs proposed plan is FAR inferior and more costly that what we have.
"Let's remove your healthcare instead of investigating corruption!" 
What kind of pitch is that??
You mean Obamcare, that was originally @RandPaul's model anyway? #justsaying
REPEAL FIRST!!  Get that monstrosity out of our lives. It should never have passed in the first place #repealACA
Paul is right on this
@SteveKBannon repeal #Obamacare Feds out free the market use pre exist pool like hi risk auto & govt FHA type CC saves billions
Maybe you should move a little more center than Breitbart.
Need to hold provisions such as care for up to 26 for dependents until economy picks up and the preexisting conditions provision
god forbid 
Get it through Now & Lower taxes Now
breitbart news. Must be the death panel plan. Really Breitbart
c
go on mark. Levin's show and share your plan
PLEASE....Someone listen to this guy!
@walshfreedom Pull together & facilitate best plan Don't come away divided. Egos must not get in the way Failure is not an option
Keep up the hard work!
Breitbart is just State sponsored Trump/GOP propaganda. Please cite an unbiased source.
@NancyPelosi @SenSchumer Rand face Constituents with that message. Smarter,Cheaper to FIX ACA, NOT Replace ACA.
tried to get comps on procedures and the dr's would not give me a price up front! Wanted 200 just to tell me cost!
we need to be able to ask up front what they charge for example ballon sinuplasty even if negotiated with BCBS!
as an opthomalogist you're against the ACA, but real medical doctors like the AMA fully support the ACA!
Randy, no one is listening. Take a vacation. You are JUST a junior senator and no one is paying attention.
Christians are not the only people who believe in God.  You are not an inclusive person.  Sad...
Fund the HSA accounts with a nat'l sales tax revenue, so everyone can buy Ins. Remove employers, and gov. sys.
nothing will ever change with people like Ryan and McConnell in charge.
Sen @RandPaul , plz don't quote alt sources  i.e. @BreitbartNews . U lose respect I have for u as a #physician 
#ReferPeerReviewedHardData
you seem very arrogant. You are the all knowing answer to the problem and unwilling to listen to others?
we need Obamacare with expanded coverage
you cannot agree on anything!
Sorry Rand. Trump hates obamacare more than you do. No one hates or loves anything or anyone more than Trump. You just come second
thank you!
The high road-- a bipartisan House and Senate committee to come up with recommendations. Rs fatally misread popularity of ACA.
agreed
it had better be a really good plan or it's over for the #GOP YEARS OF COMPLAINTS.  And no plan.  #sad
Any replacement that takes tax dollars and gives it to others is a NO. Medicaid is full of fraudsters.
@TheVoiceOfPaulR @BreitbartNews Thank you for pushing on this! @SpeakerRyan dragging heels is making @POTUS adm look bad.
if you are laying out your plan on Breibart, KY Voters don't need your white supremacy 
Bullshit
A healthcare system that ignores Naturopathic methods is a monopoly.
I'm onboard, lets do this!
REPEAL NOW!, BUT CARRY ACA UNTIL THE NEW REPUBLICAN PLAN GOES INTO EFFECT.
We need #medicare4all
first thing is to remove the fine! Then go from there and make insurance affordable
And fuck all those people with chronic conditions who will die without the ACA, right?
Why repeal an effective program instead of repairing sabotage by repubs. What is your real agenda?
it's so confusing that the average person won't understand it. Congress needs to be part of the plan for it to really work right.
Senator Paul, I respect you greatly but details need to start being communicated or just go to repeal and fight!
Repeal and put Pauls plan in place today
pre existing conditions must be covered! Medicaid must not be cut! Children's lives are at stake! #probirth
Nothing on pre existing conditions!???? You want to insure more people, this needs to be included.
so for those less fortunate than you, penalize them. That is not good for anyone @gop
You sir and Congress are the problem.  We are facing a constitutional crisis because of someone who probably failed Government 101
We the poeple, need to RECALL all Republican that standing in the way of repealing obamacare.
continue to make your voice heard!.Never give up.
have Trump give executive order giving all Americans a waiver on Obamacare and watch it implode.  Then individuals get to decide!
Repeal yes, but replacing it questionable. The insurance Co have their own rules that no plan govt has will change
@POTUS @SenateMajLdr  get Rand Pauls health care replacement passed immediately. Quite dicking around.Losing voters
@nancydmoore25 @BreitbartNews This process is like a four way stop sign w heavy traffic. Need order n some cooperation #gridlock
why not start w/increase in HSA$ from 2500 to 5K-automatic taxreduction for mid class include oc meds like bush era
Can we please address underlying causes of why healthcare is so expensive? This has got to be a starting pt.
health insurance.  We can even offer to illegals for a fee. Lessen the burden on taxpayers. 5/fini
I'm not saying it's perfect. But it's a start.
leave less of a burden on the health insurance providers and  lessen price increases on those who pay for our 4/
or simply put a tax on health insurance to offset the cost of Medicaid. The high risk can use Medicaid which would 3/
like $100/mo or less. Since ATM of these ppl will get tax refunds, we can just deduct the cost from their return 2/
here's an idea. If we have millions on Medicaid. Why not charge them a small stipend to offset the costs. 1/
you're clueless
OK Matt. I never professed to be a economic superstar. Do you have any ideas?  Probably not
cut military raise taxes on corporations and the rich worked in the past
great liberal standpoint.
Senator Paul we have to be stronger then them! Keep faith
I have an idea. Give all of America YOUR health insurance.
Senator Paul please work with President Trump and Speaker Ryan in structuring the right ACA replacement package.
You won't be affected, though, will you?
its funny how when you ran for Pres you had no interest in repeal nor did anybody. Could it be that your misguided??
also need reform on MEDICAL PRICING. Dr Steven Weissman spoke on Tucker Carlson. Paying more when on insurance
No mandate's, If i sell Popsicles on the corner for a dollar and the government mandate's everyone has to buy I charge $10
. I'm from Kentucky. You need to be more vocal and visible.
my dads medical bills last year: over one million dollars! I would have to work 62 years to pay for that! 
medical costs
you are missing the point. With costs so high, it is almost impossible to sustain without reform.
I am with you on most things @RandPaul, but I do not support you in this one. Stick to debt & deficit. Ur specialty
Please don't let anyone else help you with this. Thanks.
repeal & replace aca, block grant all the funding to the States w/per capita block grants....States admin the program.
Make hospitals/clinics compete for business by POSTING COSTS for medical procedures/practice with a menu of options - COMPETITION!
@ParkerDdintl @BreitbartNews we need to control the price & bill caos in our hospital & clinics over charging for medical services
I find it troubling that you keep trying to swap the term Available with the term Affordable. There is a huge diff.
agreed! Anything less is cowardice!
NO! NO! A thousand times NO!! Repeal & replace w/ NOTHING! Repeal Medicare and Medicaid too. #TrueHealthcareReform
Why are you writing articles for this terrible site? Do you want to be associated with white nationalist?
not finding the healthcare plan at the provided link. Really want to read through, and promote!
like taking local school taxes to spend on for profit online charter schools. Don't be an idiot, please.
@tickerguy @ValleyPatriot @WHAVRadio You mean give health industries anti-trust protection? Not prosecuted now! #BKfromCOST
just repel it before I go broke. You're killing the working man.
praying it doesn't kill those of us over 50 said the nurse I have stood with you but that needs some tweaking
Please don't use Breitbart as a source.  Thanks.
no more entitlements please, accessibility not replace
I understand.. you want to repeal it. But the @GOP IS A FRAUD!!!. Too entrenched.. too Washington
#StandWithRand
@POTUS The Plan Forward
thank you! We MUST repeal and replace NOW. Health care is a disaster! I lost all my doctors and my coverage!
Instead of building the wall & nukes, put money towards health care, education, renewable energy. Shame on all of u
please listen to Steven Weissman. We need upfront pricing in healthcare to help fix the problem!
I think your plan is a disaster but at least it's a plan backed up by principles. And yeah breitbart is a disgusting website :(
Is there anyway that you can share your proposal with the American people so we can see what you are proposing??
This is propaganda  The people I know with ACA love it Leave ACA medicare & social security alone Need money don't build wall
repeal and replace Obamacare with means tested per capita block grants to States for healthcare at State level...
no sir, Kentuckians ACA or senate level insurance. Be fair.
you need only enforce existing laws about collusion within the system.   Read @tickerguy work, please!!!!!
sorry, Senator, we need full repeal, no replacement
I'm with you. Still cannot believe the GOP did not have something prepared. You're the only one. #ReplaceACA
Breitbart? I never figured you for a white nationalist. If you retweet from a legitimate media source then I might read it.
were all surprised we thought all you trolls had better moral compasses yet clearly you trolls prove us wrong every second
Rand... Breitbart? Really?
Don't you have @POTUS ear?
keep that scam laden Obamacare head for the hills an get ready to have people turn your pockets inside out an we mean it
Is there someplace we can review your proposals? We would like to be able to support your enthusiasm.
you attacked John McCain, your plan for Healthcare STINKS and your defence of this president unacceptable. #ImDoneWithYou
Jon McCain is a PoS who doesn't care about Americans
LOL...well, thanks for the facts and policy pointers...
The one size fits all govt insurance is terrible. This is a great free market approach that provides choice.
choices will get you into trouble. Free market does not have your best interest at heart.
I like having choices such as wireless providers, auto/home ins, etc. I can shop 4 best $ & service
There u go more talk how about u get on one show explain your program Put into Medicaid 1 program not new save money fix another
For profit healthcare will always keep costs too high for the American's who need the most help.
Wait, did he support our previous president? Was he a true American for not supporting Obama? lol!
any chance you can mount a run for #POTUS again?! Please!
Breitbart?
Join Dr. Michael Savage and speak to us so we know how we can help you.
there's no saving it - time to talk secession http://www.al.com/news/index.ssf/2015/09/ron_paul_states_should_be_allo.html …
Do not embarrass yourself or the state of Kentucky by sharing a Breitbart article.  Stop it now.
You need to get this done, asap. Does all the party agree with your plan 
it must be totally we need new reforms for the people. No government in it. Let us Choose insurance e like we use too. God bless
Your ideas are sound but until Law 15 USC Chapter1 on restraint of trade is addressed & enforced the problem will continue to grow
just say it Rand. "#medicare4all" and you'll be the next president. Talk of HSA is out of touch
Your system will not work either. It is over complicated.

Fix what we have already put in place.
haha so you trolls can scream on TV no were sick of it sit down and shut up it is what we want
are they really great reforms? Really strong ones? Just read and the answer is no. Be a big boy #medicare4all
we thought you were a libertarian, but it turns out you're just a wuss.
think about redoing the staterooms after assuring the ship isn't going to hit a reef.  Priorities
I would read this article if it ran via a legitimate source. The company you keep is hurting you, Senator.
Keep fighting, Senator!
Glad @RandPaul is fighting to fix our broken healthcare system with principles of freedom.
you have shit on your nose. @RandPaul
oh geez first Fox News now brietbart. How do you expect to be taken seriously?
@bandroomnc1 @BreitbartNews How can we take you seriously when your story comes from Breitbart Rand? Gross!
he has been on every news channel and publication promoting it.
fair enough
Rand appearing on fake news after bitching about the Russia investigation. What a fraud. Listen to nothing he says.
where there is smoke there is fire, senator. This is Nixsonian if not worse
54 yrs old been in hosp. 4 times over my life. How about i get my paid out insurance back,. Worked since 18..
Neither of you have any credibility.  Please stop pretending to care about American citizens.
As a nurse I am 100% behind his plan
Call your congressmen & tell them to back @RandPaul plan
#RepealAndReplace
Why are you behind it?  What makes it better?
It would be great if Churches can pool money to provide appropriate coverage for their members.
You have proposed nothing but measures to return to feudalism. Your agenda is as anti-humanitarian as it can get
FAKE NEWS!!!!
you went from being independent minded politician to trump cheerleader. What happened to you Rand?
How is he a trump cheerleader he has always been against Obama care. Now is his time to clean it up
kynect is obamacare
In the bathroom.
Obstructionist McConnel and Ryan should be removed from leadership rolls!What a disgrace that they have yet to vote your plan in!
dude your plan is way weaker than fixing the ACA
you have to have pre existing in the repeal
2END Opioid addiction PPLE MUST UNDERSTAND IT TAKES MORE THEN HELP FROM THE GOV. IT TAKES a lot Mental WILLPOWER
if it covers holistic Dr and supplements, I'd seriously consider buying ins. #RepealAndReplace
BREITBART!? Are you serious? If you want people to actually take you seriously, then stop posting from this shit site!
push the lazy Rep to do their job..America is getting tired of paying people who refuse to what we paid them for ..Repeal AND Repl
you sir are adding to the corruption. 
How is Rand Paul adding to the corruption ?
government's job isn't to force citizens to purchase products they don't want under penalty of law
Yes! Repeal and replace. And quickly. Matching past performance will get you voted out in 18.
Fix the medical pricing problem and I am sure you will have much more success.
proposal is the repolacement we need.  can always b tweaked later is need b, but is sound policy as far as i can t ell!
Please listen to the people, Rand - #TrumpRussia is the story, seeing the #TrumpTaxes is the key. Demand he release
Oh and also, *psst*...@BreitbartNews hires white supremacists. 

Pass it along
Rand Paul once said Donald Trump is a delusional narcissist and an orange-faced windbag,,, Now he kisses his ,,,,
