Please Senator vote no to this awful bill!
@tempteststorm2 All it does is open debate to everyone for a solution 2 healthcare. Obamacare imploding & gov not endless $ 2 pour into it.
ACA Enrollment up each year & lowest uninsured rate in history GOP had 8 yrs to plan you think in a few weeks they can craft a better plan
@tempteststorm2 Healthcare is an American issue. We need bipartisan efforts for the best ideas 4 people. Work together 4 all of us. We pay u
The original intent of the ACA iwas a beginning not an end all providing a solid framework to work within and to be improved by both parties
@tempteststorm2 it was to lead to single payer. Need an MRI Canada? First appointment available March 2017. Friend just received his date.
Rural communities away from a medical facility wait times are excessive I'm on Medicare & I can go in as an outpatient with no appointment
@tempteststorm2 if u r a senior on Medicare you have already paid ur dues 4 care. Our Military should expect competent care, no wait times.
@tempteststorm2 a discussion on healthcare is not killing anyone. Everyone should put forth ideas. Isn't working now. Gov 20trillion debt
We have to make Health Care cheaper for all, not just the ones that can't afford it.  #RepealObamacare passing debt to others is not answer
Privatise, get Feds out of Healthcare Insurance, Fed subsidize High Risk pool for each State.  Same as back in the day. '80s
Flush out the insurance companies lobbyist before you get the insurance companies proposals....
PRIVATISE!
Get em Rand!  http://www.ebay.com/itm/New-York-City-Street-Lights-at-Night-/132269736290 …
@realDonaldTrump Please do something.  I can not live with this medical insurance crisis.  Please let it fail.  Let them see the grap it is.
EXPAND corporation and government discounts by insurance companies to us individual tax payers.Why do we get raked over the coals & you free
Vote YES @RandPaul you know Obamacare is a wreck.  Start the debate to replace it with something that works and reduces cost. #Repeal
Everything @SenateGOP came up with so far would make the wreck even worse, wouldn't work long-run, & would increase costs for vast majority.
Absolutely incorrect!  Amost anything would be better than Government Healthcare called Obamacare!
Rep who vote against repeal and replace will not ever again, get my vote--EVER.
Let everyone have catastrophic coverage, but no more. The rest should be up to us and individual states. No mandates or subsidies.
Senator we all deserve access to the same affordable medical plans that you in Congress have. Congress should have what the people get.
Holy shit Rand . That golf game took your soul.
WHAT HAPPENED TO
BUYING ALL TYPES OF INSURANCE
ACROSS STATE LINES AND CREATING COMPETITION
TO LOWER RATES ?
The Nazis in DC are getting easier and easier to spot. They are the ones who poison the ppl and then deny them healthcare.

Your views have always been anathema for the most part. The fact the GOP aligns with Fox says it all. Top of the faux news study.
Maybe it's time for the American people to know exactly what's in O care. We need a patriot hero right now.
Don't just talk, negotiate - no more bullheadedness
Give us the same healthcare you get.
Senator Paul, VOTE YES, let's get the ball rolling
The party of ONE! The sabotaging senator.
Vote no until there is a real plan that actually helps people. Stop rushing something as important as healthcare.
Are u owned by the donors? Do you use the visad of "conservatism" to get away with not moving a better plan forward?
Go away already You have not seen a TV camera you don't like Tired of seeing you on TV now go back to work in your office not TV 
Either the Rep are on the people's side or against all of us. Pick your side. #timeToMakeChoices #RepealObamacare
What health care? Aren't you trying to get rid of it for millions off people?
Repeal and return to free market health insurance is the only Constitutional option. Time to #DrainCongress of RINOs.
Senator, Please work to pass healthcare legislation now!  We are sick of obstructionism in the House & Senate by Dems & GOP!  #MAGA
Yep Right where u Belong on #FakeNews @FoxNews Bc U r as FAKE AS THEY R
Sen.Paul, support total Repeal ! Grant 2 yrs. grandfathering for those currently on , then all the other good stuff to follow
Oh terrific.
Full repeal. Now!
Support your party stop obstructing progress on healthcare.
TRUST A DOCTOR to know what healthcare system is good.
I watched, I heard and I tweeted @SenateMajLdr about ur Amendments not being CBO scored. What is he doing? Is this vote 2day just 4 looks?
Ted Cruz has a plan ready. Senator Paul, please look at it!
Seems most everyone who loves Obamacare, are the ones who don't have to pay for it.
vote no on "not a healthcare bill"
Who cares. You'll just find some other excuse to vote no so you can keep your welfare state job.
why not just stop all medicare, Medicaid and disability FRAUD and excess paper mailings.
Go Rand! They've run out of excuses.
Ocare REPEAL it! 1st priority! 
Then REPLACE with separate bill.
Senator paul. You campaigned for years on repealing and replacing obamacare. now it is you who are preserving it. Honor your promises
Vote yes
With limitations of course on enrollment times and max income to cover entire middle and lower income classes
@RandPaul, you are a great Senator.  Help @POTUS to fight @PaulRyan and the leader of @GOP.
Complete repeal of ACA. Gov must remove itself from healthcare.  Allow sick people to purchase Medicaid. Give $$ to states to manage sick
Removing preexisting conditions from healthcare bill will reduce premiums. Why not allow sick people to purchase Medicaid w/Fed subsidies?
END THE RUSSIA STORY NOW
The bill is only marginally better than ACA, but opening debate will allow you to try to kill more regs through amendments. Vote yes.
We have tax breaks to pass to move the country forward. McCain just had brain  surgery and he is still voting yes.
How many pairs of contacts would I get from the good doctor for a 8 month old farrow pig?
Yes, yes, you cooped enough free publicity from this bill, now it's time to vote it through!
If you do not vote yes to this debate you will take the republican party down. Is your time in the lime light that important to you.
As a disabled woman, I implore you to vote no on the AHCA as it will make me immobile due to not having healthcare. #noonAHCA #pleasevoteno
I need your vote it will be life changing for me and other poeple. You can change it to make it better after 2018 if you vote yes today.
Best and toughest senator in Washington! Wish he were my senator.
All talk get it done
Let's vote to stop healthcare for senators and you guys go ahead and get ya some. $ blue collar people are $uffering.
Kiss your future in American politics good bye.  Vote with majority" get on with it.
PLEASE REDUCE OUR PREMIUMS!!!! Thank you for working TOGETHER!!!
You want to talk healthcare Senator? Can you explain these facts & how do they align with you & GOP doing this for the American people?
Sign the bill !
You are not talking healthcare. You are talking NO healthcare
Full repeal is the way to go. No where in the Constitution is healthcare mentioned.
nothing like putting 32 million on death row with a plan that over 50% of Republicans don't want
Government needs to stay out of healthcare,period.
sure. Let 32 million die. Increase rates by 100% & give the money to the rich. Great move.
How about you lose up a little and try to work things out.  We need a yes vote from you.
#StandWithRand
Yes. Tell us again why you will be responsible for single payer. If the bill isn't perfect enough for YOU, the country can suffer. Thanks
Suck it up & vote yes!

Please answer this question: Why will you vote for something you and your constituents hate?
You sound like a democrat talking about this bill #wolfinsheepsclothing
‘It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends’  (J.K. Rowling)
hope it helps ppl like me. We are the ones that are in the middle. Obama health care useless, Trumps leaves me out too!
Maybe need to explain what a #PorkFest is, for the dumbed down masses? The @GOP is being bought off by Wall Street, as usual. #TCOT
Rand Paul if you don't stand up for the president we will see you out of office next election
Repeal it all !!!
Full repeal of Obamacare is a start, but you also need to repeal the HMO Act of 1973 and other laws largely responsible for high prices.
Keep up the good work Rand, it seems that you and Trey Gowdy are best representing figures on capital hill!
Enough talk Go Vote Yes and REPEAL now

let's recognize that we need to pool together to take care of each other. tax payers have pooled together to take care of you for years.
GOP you better do what the people hired you to do!! You have it all and you're blowing it! No excuses!
We need 3 things: better community policing, an anti corruption force and a clean repeal of ACA, or the demise of the GOP and the DEMs
It would be meeting and meeting and meetings, with all senators with no cameras allow. Discussion time and change requirements. Healthcare
#CharlieGard is the most famous casualty of the bureaucratic turf war against parental rights #NHSdeathcamps and #RepealAndReplace and #MAGA
Civil Asset Forfeiture has another name in the Criminal Code: ARMED ROBBERY
Whatever Rand! It's always been your way or the highway and that's why the @GOP has never been able to even chip away on Obamacare.
What has @AGJeffBSessions done or accomplished? Mad Dog, Kelly, Rex & others R getting the job done, Congress & DC Swamp same old ineptness
Rand is just a showboat, no matter what the Congress comes up with on HC, he's an automatic no - obstructionist
They're voting today to move the bill forward.
Repeal this nightmare that is ACA! Free market, for a free people! End ACA HUGE insurance scam. We the people deserve better.
Senator Ran Paul please stop the circus and join President's healthcare agenda and sign "YES"
VOTE NO ON TRUMP CARE

All you have done is talk  . Every time the party gives you something.  You still find a new reason not to vote  . I will not vote 4 u again
I stand with RAND.
Tell us you are working for the American people and not Big Pharma, Legal lobbiest, and all the other special interest groups




Full repeal. Now. Your healthcare is not MY problem.

Where in the Constitution is healthcare mentioned? I can't seem to locate it.
People in Kentucky must be really gullible.
Get in board @RandPaul
Repeal only!!  Government run healthcare is not good for anyone.
If @RandPaul does not vote with @GOP to #RepealandReplace #OCareDisaster we will get you out! Support our great @POTUS!
It is despicable that Senator McCain had to come back because you are not honorable and vote yes so he could stay in Arizona
Rand Paul. Stop arguing in the back rooms. Republicans unite. Vote Clean REPEAL
#fullrepeal better get this vote passed!!
If ur so principled then don't exempt yourself from #Obamacare. Stop using our $ to fund ur rich Health plan #FEP. https://www.fepblue.org/en/benefit-plans/compare-plans …
Your so-called stand on principle means Obamacare stands unchallenged. #StandWithTrump  #RepealAndReplace  #MAGA
Senator you and your colleagues in Congress need to debate this to get a solution. Enough of talking to the press.
As long as it's not math, that whole we pay for better care wouldn't work with billionaire insurance CEOs.
Get something done !!!
Stop your support for the Democrats. Stop Stonewalling.
Excuse me senator, there is no perfection in politics. It's always about give and take. Support @POTUS and get this bill passed. No Ocare!!!
Work with your fellow http://Senators.Work  with your President.
You want to vote against bill then do so, but don't be a coward & block motion to proceed. That only means you don't want ur vote on record.
Repeal the whole thing!
It is all about YOU Paul? No!
You are 1 Senator that has already lost votes. "No one will listen to me in leadership" is what I now hear you saying on the news.
Stop pouting and vote to discuss repealing and replacing Obama Care!
Please sign the repeal & replace bill today!  It may not be perfect but It's better than Obamacare!
Please vote to debate and keep moving forward, for the love of God!
Now if you are through showboating, shut up and vote for America.  Voters with suffering families are watching.
Obamacare is the worst word. It ruins all good portmanteaus
Keep fighting for a fair healthcare reform!!!
It's hard to hear reason when you have money stuffed in your ears.
Please do the right thing and vote no on healthcare.
Repeal only!!
I think your career as a Republican is over because of your stance on this issue. Your not a team player. Repeal and replace
If you don't vote to repeal and replace, you should be replaced.
@RandPaul vote no
Rand Paul is a master of press interviews !
If you don't vote for the bill it will be the end of your political career.  IMO
Wish you and all the other voting for repeal and replace would come clean about the real reason, you'll get your old permanent policy back
It's sad that 96 senators have no input on major legislation. Lobbyists and donors need to only buy the leadership. @RandPaul @FoxNews
Repeal
The people of KY are expecting you to vote yes today.
No, UR talking TAKING Health care away- Really Sir- We get u don't want to pay for the poor to have it- we all get that clearly #GoldStarDad
Please vote to repeal. Work on replacement. It's killing the middle class. Nothing beats what we have. Don't be part of the swamp sludge pls
Hey Rand - quit talking and WORK!!!!  Regards, the people that pay you
Looks like to me that the Republicans are going to give in to the Koch brothers who are backing this healthcare bill
Rand Paul revealed problems with future amendments & # of votes needed because McConnel not allowed CBO scoring. Now I understand  problem
Will be a forked tongue talking in circles
Please don't be part of the problem bring all to the table and resolve  Give and take. But give us opportunity. Please Mr Gov. start process
You need to compromise senator Paul..get this passed now or risk losing majority in house..
On tv again
#StandWithRand
Vote to debate, if you don't like the result, then vote no. Do not obstruct debate. Stop acting like a child.
Shocking. Rand Paul joining. The state media channel. Shame
Unless Congress plans on making Trumpcare their Health plan instead of exempting themselves it probably ain't worth the paper its written on
Go get 'um Rand Paul!!! The RINO'S NEED TO DO THEIR JOB OR ELSE THEY WILL BE VOTED OUT!!!!
You right or wrong after to you
Sessions must go. Asset forfeiture before sentencing is wrong. Arrest hilary. If you don't agree with this, you're part of the sewer system.
everyone Obey the Law president Obey the Law Why everyone dictator try to protect Someone This is about do your Jobs
oh boy can't wait
I live in South Carolina but YOU are my Senator!!! YOU  are awesome!! Thanks for all you do
Selling insurance nationwide is not REGULATING interstate commerce; it is ENGAGING in interstate commerce. #Constitution
You promised better! Where is it?
I appreciate your honesty senator but we need to get this done! Personal B S aside.
You and Shiff are running neck and neck on the amount of hours on television  
Great job.  Stand strong no matter how much the socialist RINO's at Fox News hound you.
Repeal & replace as promised. @GOP Do you understand? Or is the lobbyist money talking louder then your constituents? It seems that way.!!
Good to talk about it.  After the democrats ran out of ideas to obstruct, the Republicans are starting to join in. Repeal is a nobrainer;
Just do your job and vote for the bill today!
What is Fed Govt Constitutional authority to sell insurance or force citizens to buy it?
Your stubborn resistance to progress has grown old, Rand! Get on the page with your colleagues and move it forward!
Standing for the Constitution will never get old for Senator Paul !
Where in the constitution does it say "AND HEALTHCARE FOR ALL? Please tell me.
You ask the toughest questions !!!
Pull ya finger out..behond a joke now.
Vote yes...You have to start somewhere..Obamacare is killing America
And why can't Republicans repeal Obamacare? Who is getting the most money from Medical companies to NOT repeal Obamacare?
for the love of God people, listen to Rand. Full repeal vote.
VOTE YES to debate. This isn't the bill, & You know it. Stop being a hack. Gotta start somewhere.
@RandPaul appreciate you but this is not about you. If your proposal is so amazing why isnt everyone on board with you?
Now trump calls McCain a hero and throws friend, Sessions, under the bus!!
Vote to debate. This isn't about YOU this is bigger than YOU.
This is  (R)Win Make America great again. 
Support large buying co-ops.
27 mil out Obamacare , Obamacare light 22-32 million , GOP plan no Obamacare 15 mil out repeal is 17 mil out .repeal. Obamacare sucks
Please Repeal, or Repeal and Replace. Whichever, just sign it!
Vote no'!!!!!!!!!!!
vote for discussion, push for the repeal that was promised 7 years
Good morning Sir, recycling and Clean repeal and replace it God Bless you 
is all talk, no action. A waste of a senate seat @FoxNews
