Absolutely sir
commonsense thinking and reasoning thanks @RandPaul #integrity #honesty
replacement bills still takes time (part of the political process). We need a replacement TODAY. Hope it passes ASAP
There is no replacing socialist policies, there is only deporting them to the sun along with it's supporters of tyranny.
Funny thing is you had 10+years to do just that and came up with nothing. Yet you continue this dribble
.@FoxNews @RandPaul Fix O-care w/competition
 1.No employer tax deduction
 2.Providers set price,but must charge same to all
 3. Post prices
It's been two terms and the GOP still doesn't have a replacement. They never intended on it. How will they spin it?
The GOP has plans beginning with Price.
we will see
When I tweeted yesterday I had not heard @RandPaul but he said he's taking the best parts of the many plans.
Only a replacement that kills the ACA "tax" penalty is worth its salt. Anything less is more of the same. Kill the "tax"!
Mr. Rand fix drug companies & force AMA to teach alt medicine & nutrition. Food is medicine @DavidPerlmutter &guthealth
Obamacare must be replaced at the exact same time as it is repealed.  You cannot leave people,uncovered.
You repeal with a future effective date, dahh. That forces the replacement to happen.
timing has to be perfect.   That will never happen.
They'll never agree on replacement plan unless they're forced.
do you want the Democrats to negotiate so u can blame them they are not doing it y'all can have At it c u late  have fun
Who did the Dems negotiate w/on Ocare? Obama invited Rs to WHouse to say he would not negotiate.
you bettr hope idiot non of your family is on the affordable care insurance you can tell them bye-bye and think your boy for it
First, I am personally disabled & have insurance only through Obamacare Medicaid & I'm still opposed.
you are telling me that you are on affordable care act and you opposed to it what do you think Trump is going to do for you
Correct!  I don't want Trump to do anything for me; it's not for my government to provide me health care.
well befor he take away peopls health care he needs 2fix what is already in place but he lied n said he's going 2day one C liar
Take that up with Trump.
NO! Where in The Constitution is the government granted the power to provide healthcare or any other such program?  #enumeratedpowers
Uh, the preamble? "to..promote the general Welfare.. to ourselves and our Posterity" 
the preamble does not empower Congress #enumeratedpowers
so much outage at trying to find a middle ground? Removing a support w/o thinking of what's to replace it is shortsighted
***@RandPaul Put us on your no-call list -The American People***
What about the Rider to ACA for repayment of student loans-what are you going to do about that?
@nadia777shaw @RandPaul Concur. 

We should leave no Americans without the ability to obtain medical coverage. Affordably.
Can Americans see this replacement plan before it is voted on in one day???
Medicare for all
Health Saving accounts only work if you have extra money. Prem  high its impossible. Cost of Ins should be 3% of income
Because your fellow Americans don't enjoy subsidizing your enjoyment.
No, you really don't understand, we have a different world view & we oppose socialized medicine.
If you want to understand these five-minute videos are a good beginning place. https://www.prageru.com/courses/left-and-right-differences …
Absolutely! And that is what scares me the most. #GOP has no plan. Can't dump 26yr olds, preexisting & cancel protection
Oh please, 26 yr olds cannot take care of themselves? GOP does have plans, several plans.
under present economic conditions it's a plus. I have one of those who needed it because benefit jobs are few
Look, I'm in my sixties, sometimes I've had insurance & sometimes not. I managed. So can your kids.
same here 60. Thanks for trying to tell me (and my kids) what I can and cannot do. And how I should live.
I'm not telling you what you can do; you're perfectly free to buy them health care with my blessing!
What I'm saying is that other consumers/tax payers do not want to subsidize your kid's health care.
its not a TAX. All insurance is subsidiary. Among others you're paying for a cancer patient care aren't you?
1st vote on the replacement before you repeal it.
That won't work; Dems won't support that's why repeal has to be first.
U know once they repeal it, no 1 will ever see ins. again & left 4 http://ins.co . to screw over.
Thankyou for being more professional than others explaining obama care issues. You cleared up some confussion,
How will this impact minors in the #FosterCare system and those that age out? Provisions #ACA to keep coverage to age 26.
#repeal, repeal repeal. No plan is better than a bad plan, and quite often better than what seems like a good plan/
The replacement is very important for about 30,000,000
The shell game will be continuity in how care givers will be paid.
More BS delay tactic. Repeal the damn thing...
The Orange One said it would be, what u don't believe him. How dare u? Blasphemy, Donald will Strike, u r warned  @GOP
Donald the cure-all said in his 1st post elec interview that is how it would be done, wait he is  LIAR so it won't be.
sounds great repeal. If lib dems can control your healthcare they can control you.
If you don't, then it will only be slightly modified.
@Tea4Freedom @RandPaul just void Mandates and let Obamacare Die a slow Painful death and hang it around @SenSchumer 7 @NancyPelosi
You had 7+ years and all I hear is you complain, put up or shut up. I say this with tuff love.
First job explain that Obamacare is the Affordable Care Act...stand strong
Send all lazy people back to work make sure they don't abuse the system anymore as they have for years.
if you remove cancer, what do you replace it with?
You the big corporates can pay for the high premiums Va capping them
Best @RandPaul soundbite ever. Now, how does he plan to replace it without wasting a third of the federal budget?

no get Obamacare out of here; set a deadline of 6 months to bring fully vetted and read plan for vote!!!
@mike_pence @realDonaldTrump  Save us!
I think you need a plan to replace it before you can vote on said replacement.
That's the plan. #payattention #MAGA
I never heard of homeless or poor being refused treatment at a Hosp..What is Gov. doing in our health care,anyway ?
I think you should let the President go at his pace and not your spotlight grabbing pace
allow free market to address consumer needs. Heard you this afternoon, keep up the good work.
we don't want it repealed and many trump supporters didn't understand!
that sounds stupid vote for the replacement first before repeal
The same people who just passed right to work in KY # BADNEWSFOLKS
Get the government out of the insurance business, the loan business, etc.  Everything govt. touches turns to 
fox news only tells enough conservative ideas to keep the viewer CNN MSNBC Fox News journalist looking out for each other
How about REPEAL and ERASE??   Get the Government OUT OF my Doctor's office!  @FoxNews @RandPaul #MAGA @realDonaldTrump
please keep pushing on #Obamacare replacement moving quickly and balancing budgets.  Light a fire under these slow pokes!
We don't have to have replace go back to what we had & those that didn't have. This was An O freebie given at exp of taxp
You better and it better be just as good or better.
No! Don't give us another govt run health program.
why does the government have to get involved in health care? Repeal it let us buy our own insurance.
I am all for dumping Gov. Sponsored health insurance, but our nation is too wreak to go that far. Everyone must live 4evr
What EXACTLY are "inexpensive insurance products"?? DO TELL!
Before ACA my daughter could not buy ins for less than $1000 a month.  With ACA even the increase  still $345 ACA works
how much will she spend in 12 yes including deductible?
I think more than a handful should read this one
I have to take care of my family's health care not fair to make me for others
15% flat tax for everyone take health care out of that
agreed
that would be great my rates sky rocketed my doctor dropped my plan have to find a new doctor not fair for me

well Senator RAND Paul do you have a plan to replace it with?  get busy with it instead of talking about it
@realDonaldTrump Dr Paul has a lot of support.  At least TALK TO HIM !
heard his report all in from me
#StandWithRand
yes you know it keep up the pressure thank you for working this we need to be smart and keep cost down. #Balance budget
If you want to replace it? Do it by controlling costs! These corporations that rape the average taxpayer.
Please get it done, the ACA is crushing families and small businesses all across America. We need immediate relief!
Republican replacement is simple, rich are covered while poor are not. Brilliant
these guys have had 6 years to come up with a plan! This is the best they can do...get real! #useless politicians!!
signed up for it won't loose anything cause majority receive subsidies to cover there share
Or before...
Reagan is rolling over in grave for what you politicians did to his country repeal don't replace the 20 million who....
When did replacement become mandatory? How about the government just get OUT of the health care of the able?

I buy my own health care not obama care which isn't health care it's dependency on gov so they control you def of social
why do I have to pay for gov health care so some lazy person can get shit for free socialism isn't who we are
absolutely
Hopefully it happens sooner than later. It's sad when my families health insurance, is more than my mortgage payment.
wait.... u r talking about impeaching @realDonaldTrump right?
if we use the money we are dumping into health care we could build the wall and have money left over
RandPaul is correct!
Rand is so logical and level headed.  Why is he a politician? .
wow
please do, I had unexpected quad bypass recently, still recovering but will need affordable healthcare 4 rest of my life
you are wrong.  Government has no business dealing with insurance. They are there to protect us from tyrants over seas.
I say get rid of it and go back to the way we were no socialism allowed in US
WHY??? Does Fed Govt think it has to keep controlling HEALTH CARE?
Go BACK TO LETTING EACH STATE HANDLE THEIR OWN. Geeezz
How bout letting US decide & buy our own personal health insur without gov interference? Costs were lower b4 obcare.
@cyounglm Why? Why do we need to replace it with anything?  Sounds like a scam when I hear Rebublician say this?
#obamacare is on life support  #xXxWorldPremiere #xXxTheMovie http://www.getyarn.io 
Where people are wrong on Ocare is keeping "some parts". Scrap the whole thing then codify those "parts" more...
Pretty much everyone does.
Yep .. You idiot's know how to get rid of minorities  .. Put their medical on hold ..Murderers !
...comprehensively while adding better consumer protection and delegating more burden on the insurance companies.
Removing the mandate is all Trump has to do to keep his word on repeal, so he doesn't "own" it! You get what you pay for!
Another GOP crook trying to take credit for himself without properly disclosing his "new plan".
Rand has a liberal/socialist streak, he should shut up!
No replacement with ANOTHER govt plan. Don't u get it? Get govt OUT of healthcare!!!!
Why repeal Rand? That looks VERY political.Are you saying you don't have the capability to FIX it.?You're not good enough
.@FoxNews @RandPaul Repeal ASAP! If there isn't an alternative ready debate later. Obamacare is killing the economy of the US!
God bless you for fighting for us. My daughter is sick with $8000 a mos meds. She suffered 5 yrs. without. Help her.
U delusional to think it can be replaced & repealed the same day.  What's the matter w/u? Keep the current & make better!
how will we ensure preexisting conditions pregnancy and gynecology continue to be provided by insurance
replace it with what? If it's government run then we don't want it.
it's amazing the dems coulda cared less about the unintended consequences of passing ocare, but GOP are shaking in boots.
i agree. there's been tons of criticism. now let's see the replacement. without that, gop will be heaped with doubt.
2/2 Provide subsidies to low income families to help buy insurance if you must buy stop regulating the product!
we need to just get rid of it 1st.we all know how long politicians take with everything
1/2 The federal government shouldn't be in the health insurance business. Period. It's a product the free market can handle.
that's not gonna hurt his legacy . You white rasicst need to get over it ! You don't have a plan to replace it .
why not fund aca for 2 yrs . while putting together the replacement then repeal and replace in 1 fell swoop
No replace. Just repeal it....
Why does the government have to be a part of it?
Go back to the system we had before socialized medical insurance
Everyone agrees on the goal but we are a democracy NOY Rand's KINGDOM
please help small businesses at least let us charge ensured workers 1/2 of the premium
I think republicans and democrats are just 2 cheeks on the same butt.
your idea of group purchasing for individuals seeking health insurance is certainly the right idea forward. I like it!
repeal! Do not replace.
- maybe in a few years the GOP will come up with something 
thank you Sen. Paul! Better holla at the other republicans. Not sure they share your views on replacement.
It would be nice to provide REAL coverage to all those who think they have it with the $$$$ ACA. High prem./deductible!
Replace it with freedom. Not a mandate. That easy.
lots of talk about heath insurance coverage but what about reducing cost of care itself? and Hospital costs transparency?
You would have to change the payments to be a lump sum that covers 30 days. If more care needed takes out lump$
why not erase (let the market resurface) and then go back to the drawing board
Single payer for all! #Whats good for you should include each of us! #TheResistance
becoming more and more of a fan of Mr. Paul. Great commentary Sir
No. A lie should be rupidiated immediately.
replace an attempt to nationalize healthcare with a less national and still wrong system?...no thanks!
A repeal forces republicans to work together to get it done!
repeal it and let the market handle it.
@realDonaldTrump  competition, unencumbered access and tort reform are the essential keys.
I like the @RandPaul plan for increasing access to health care and health insurance. #SpecialReport
why do hospitals have inconsistent billing in the first place. Start there !
while that would be nice .. no one is gonna get serious about a new plan until the old one is repealed!
I think these are some really good ideas from Senator Paul. That means Dems will fight tooth and nail.
It had 2 be mandatory 2 get people paying in for what they don't want 2 cover the other people like 26 yr olds
Do it!!!!!!!!!
this stuff he's talking about sounds like more of the same.  Where's the improvement? Still high deductibles. #fail
No we don't need another gov health plan. We need jobs that come with healthcare!
and claim what that you started healthcare help in the last five years
This is it, need to follow his lead, he has the solution

Should have voted a libertarian president.
I agree..must Repeal & Replace simultaneously.
You of course realize the primary problem with the current ACA law is the requirement of using corporate insurance cos.
I'd like to know what Rand thinks Sessions will do about the Cannabis States of America?
Better to ask Sessions & a good question.
Brett is worse then Hannity. Two A holes thinking their  don't stink. Report the Russian news story you coward.
Should probably focus on getting the Putin blackmail sorted out before you try and take away American's health insurance.
Sick of ppl saying healthcare being taken away. It's not.

MEDICARE FOR ALL IS A $ SAVER 
brilliant Idea, they did this in Burbank Ca, it works
@realDonaldTrump is going to be an amazing president, get things done, no excuses
@randpaulKidding-Trumpcare-With no new changes. GOP fakes, liars, frauds filling their pockets while taking health benefits.
