He's an evil little elf and should go back to making cookies.
Criminal acts 'ruin lives'
These illegals r ruining Americans lives
One could counter with - if you decide to be a criminal, you're ruining your own life. Don't pass the buck.
Yes, I'm sure it's a life sentence. There's this thing called reading - try it.
No arguments from me!
couldn't one argue that the  criminals choice to be a criminal is in fact responsible for ruining their life?
Jailing someone for a non violent act is violating your liberty. True liberty is choosing what you do with your own body
How about people take responsibility for what they do.If you don't break the law, you have nothing to worry about. Choices have consequences
Because the drug war and mandatory minimums for drug use has been such an incredible success. #ignorance
The policies of the past 8 yrs have not worked. Drugs are an epidemic. Our youth is being wiped out.
So you are one of those that blame Obama for opioid use. Yet you want to lock up those youth as you call them for decades? Ok.
If they want a war on drugs they need to start by our advertising the drugs that get people hooked in the first place
And how many lives did those criminals ruin?
Sessions is in bed with the Rooskies anyway that jerk! Klan loving pot hating racist bastard. His day in court is coming wascally wabbit!
Hopefully it will ruin Sessions' public life.
I'd be curious to know if Sessions has stock in, or ties to, private prisons which have not been doing well lately.
Duh. This is known. 

It is known.
"Duh" is really additive.
Good.
No it is the actions of criminals that ruin lives
Great
We need serious juvenile reform. Many of these children have untreated mental health and learning challenges. Stop locking these kids up!
@RandPaul ***Their lives are already in ruin. Everyone has choices - the criminals always make the wrong choices. Let them pay for it.
How about bringing Jesus back into the home and schools and stop breaking the law
Here's yet another Confederate statue that needs to be removed, burned and turned into ashtrays for wrongly convicted inmates...
Jeff Sessions isn't ruining lives...drug addicts are ruining their own lives.  Where is personal responsibility?
When he is indicted for perjury. He should earn long sentence as well
Then why did he vote to confirm him?
Kudos to Paul, Leahy & Merkley! Superb bi-partisan effort & a truly needed act to reign in trump's non-civil chum. Addicts need treatment!
well no shit. thats his point in life to ruin other peoples lives. Preferably brown or black peoples i wager.
Dictatorial style
RT @CNN: https://twitter.com/CNN/statuses/864160452351336448 … this man is a Communist
Jeff Sessions' sentencing plan would ruin lives, writes Rand Paul http://cnn.it/2pPBp1E  
He reminds me of that ig bear in Toy Story who was really bad and mean, but of course looked like a teddy bear. Skin is maybe too white.
The person who commits the crime is responsible for the consequences of of that crime.
WOOOOWWW! Ruin lives of people who are committing crimes and hurting innocent Americans...>? WTF!!?? AM I IN THE TWILIGHT ZONE..??!!! #CRAZY
I've spent my entire life not having been to jail or been arrested. If these criminals are dumb enough to act out, sorry - consequences.
All you have to do is not violate the law and this is a non-issue...... Sorry, guess I'm talking crazy.
#LOCKHIMUP
This was a great piece and I absolutely agree.  Bravo Rand Paul!
Rand Paul ruins lives.
CNN fake news
@jeffsessions prohibition always does more harm than good
 Senator I rarely agree with you on much of anything, but thank you for this! We should be treating addiction as a health concern!
This Keebler elf needs to go back to baking cookies instead of half-baking policy




Real news with proof.
Thank you for rising about politics and breaking with your party to address the serious flaws of our criminal justice system. 
Long live Trump for appointing the  best Attorney General ever .
No it would put drug dealers behind bars and make it difficult for your kids to get drugs .session is great .
Just leave peoples alone
Versus how many lives are being ruined by drugs before his plan?  I don't like warehousing non violent criminals either but are dealers ..
really non violent?
He's right.  We need to learn to differentiate between the addict and the criminal preying upon them.
Sessions is limited in his own racist, self-righteousness. He is incapable of leading society forward to improve it's safely & health.
Sessions is an unfit, appalling example a man with limited mental capacity for anything other than hate.
#RandPaul2017
Sessions doesn't give a $hit about other people's lives He's not fooling anyone he's transparent racist and has no place in Government!
Oh no, people have to pay for their crimes? You make that choice, you pay the price.
Jeff Sessions
Pretty sure Sessions is OK with that
Only if you could have been able to stop Session's #racism by not voting for his confirmation. #WarOnDrugs
Jeff Sessions' sentencing plan would ruin lives, writes Rand Paul http://cnn.it/2pPBp1E  
Go rand Paul!!!
Good, it's about time to hold people accountable... #MAGA
#StandWithRand
EVERYONE in the Trump organization is like going back in time- war on drugs, trickle down economics...none of which were successful! Geez!
It already basically does.
@jeffsessions is the biggest racist. Can't wait for the extinction of all the racists, bigots & fake Christians from his generation.
I have supported President Trump since he announced his bid for President I truly believe Jeff Sessions is destructive to the American Life.
Sessions is TO OLD he's thinking back to the 1800's when he was running for office. He needs his meds and a nap
People who sell drugs ruin lives #LockThemUp
Another VOTER surpression tactic! Not enough to strip people of color from voting right now its pot smoking liberals! RESIST or lose vote.
This man and this administration must go and very soon!
Maybe the principled libertarian shouldn't have voted to confirm.
Hmm. Says @RandPaul who also **voted to confirm** the same racist keebler elf he now has a problem with.
Sessions was always clear about his views on the drug war. Why did you vote to confirm him? Too little, too late.
Wow..I would be ashamed to even let that come out of my mouth. Shame. I guess you missed the point when Warren read Mrs.King's letter. Shame
letting criminals roam free on triple secret probation & recidivism in general RUINS lives. how can you calculate the cost to THOSE victims?
Why did you confirm him? We all knew what would happen, why didn't you?
Thank you Senator! Addiction should be treated as a disease
If only Rand Paul held an office where he could have voted against an AG Sessions or could do something about this "War on Drugs."  Wait...
You own this sh*t sandwich @RandPaul
Sooo, drugs are not harmful and drug dealers are just trying to make a living?? Are you kidding?!
Senator Rand's position is both humane and prudent. $ and lives R at stake. BRAVO Sen Rand.
Thank you for taking this stance. Sessions must be trying to fill up private prisons or is just a miserable, mean person.
Same thing fake cnn does !!
What the fuck did you think he would do? You confirmed him remember?  This is on you and the GOP
Lil twirt
Why does he still have a job? He lied under oath.
Voting no to confirm Sessions would have shown your commitment went beyond rhetoric. Deeds not words.
Remember when the Senate had a chance to not confirm this guy???
It would ruin way more lives than drugs will
Corrtta Scott King spoke from the grave telling us what awfull choice he is for public service. #HatesBrownPeople
What about the lives the criminals ruin?
You voted to confirm this guy, so this rings pretty hollow.
Illegal activity ruins lives not the sentencing
Another reason to leave the GOP for good.
Yea if your a Drug Dealer ruining the lives of citizens and destroying the Country!
@AGJeffSessions plan isn't a "sentencing" plan its a "prosecution" plan. Big difference @RandPaul my other hero.
You voted for him. Will you call for his resignation on the Senate floor?
Doesn't committing criminal acts ruin your life? Don't drugs ruin lives? I don't get it...
Why the fuck did you vote to confirm him then?
@DrRandPaul brilliant piece.  Hopefully @jeffsessions will be tossed out with @POTUS and actual bipartisan work like this can occur.
Please rethink the sentencing.  Rand Paul is right. It would ruin his life. He needs rehab
The big guys sell to the Middle man and they get the small potatoes person, an addict to do their running. My son is in jail.the sm pots 
“@CNN: Jeff Sessions' sentencing plan would ruin lives, writes Rand Paul http://cnn.it/2pPBp1E  ”. 

Kkk scam
Then why did you vote to confirm him? Actions speak louder than words. And no one in the @gop is doing a damn thing.
@RandPaul Good, then fix this. You should not have voted for him, now get him out of there. FIX THIS PROBLEM.
Yet you supported the clinton crime bill.....funny how a political shift changes things
Shut up CNN
Is Sessions also in bed with private prisons? This will greatly benefit them.
Some people r only recreational users and only sell enough to pay for their own use. Others moving the big stuff are the prob. I observe ppl
I never thought I'd say this, but @RandPaul makes perfect sense here & I wholeheartedly agree w\his stance on this issue.
This little ferret needs to go
Paul Ryan friend to the democrats
Can't you see he's Satan.
This will disapropriately affect blk/br PPL. So, where r the marches? Where r the women with coochie hats? Where is the outrage? Where???
@RandPaul don't you think that is exactly his goal. After all you confirmed a racist. #SessionsMustResign
@Tphransis
Why are we in a "Drug Epidemic" then?  Prosecutor: Give us your supplier or you'll face a mandatory sentence. #ThingTheyCantSay
FYI rand Paul drug abuse unchecked ruins more lifvrs
The gov't doesn't care about the drug problem too much. I mean they haven't done a whole lot to change it. New programs, but they dont care
Legalize marijuana and I guess alcohol is safe enough. But there's not much to prepare you for addiction other than what you learn from peer
how much is he invested in the prison systems himself????
@RandPaul Senator Rams-Although we often disagree on issues, I applaud your well-reasoned response to Sessions' immoral plan. Thank you
sorry - Sen Rand
Time to get rid of this Confederate monument ?
Lock this jackass up in any one of his prisons!
Every Republican policy is designed to ruin lives. SAD
Sometimes people need rehab and other supt plans. Drg abuse and alcohol are diseases. Some people just get involved in selling to support
Sessions has the old "war on drugs" mindset that puts mild offenders in jail for mandatory minimums to profit the private prison complex.
Yes truly please reconsider
What do u think it's doing now
All avanues of a crime should be examined, the reasoning, the motive etc. Manditory sentencing takes the desision out of the hands (cont)
Dude is an absolute dinosaur bringing back disastrous, failed policies of yesteryear
You're a hypocrite. You knew what he was when you voted to confirm him. Own your mistake. Coward.
Keep the citizens out of jail is your main job.
Rand Paul shouldn't be in office if he can't stand up to criminals! What is he afraid of?
Im not even sure I ever support manditory sentencing due to ppl being falsely accused and so on? In order for justice to be just (continued)
Sessions needs to resign. He has lied under oath. This needs to be played everyday on MSM. I thank CNN for doing a show on it.
Evil weable
LOL
What did you expect when you voted for him Rand?
He has the look of dumb & dumber !
Unless a gun was held to their head to commit the crime it was by choice. So if their "lives are ruined" it was by their choice.
Sen. we shod enforce laws for a change. Your stmt.that prosecuting and sentencing criminals for crimes they committ will ruin lives is nutty
Why should he be any different from any of the Republicans in DC ruining lives...Healthcare, Immigrants, Taxes.
Traitor
Some young people need a real care to leave drugs or we will see an increase in juvenile delinquency and drug abuse.
Time for a march liberals. Felons lives matter.
As AG of Alabama... Sessions supported legislation for DEATH PENALTY after 2 drug offenses. Horrifying
So I like Sessions but the congress & senate will handle him. He's going to want funding for smethgs. Trump get ur BOY!
We Ruin Our Own Lives When We Choose To Become Criminals! Look @ #Hillary & Obama's criminal activity?  http://commieblaster.com 
Drugs don't ruin lives right?
It is not controversial for the AG to pledge to uphold the law.  

That some people think it is shows how deranged the left is.
It must be getting close to re-election for Rand Paul.
Change the drug laws - legalize Weed at the federal level
@RandPaul .... doesn't congress have laws on books that limit sentencing??
Rand Paul is a useful idiot for the liberal media.
When ppl become criminals, they ruin lives prior to sentencing. Think of the dope dealer that sold the dose that someone OD on ....
Yes. He supported legislation in Alabama when he was attorney general for death sentence after two drug offenses
Jeff Session is a good man ! And he is doing a good job !
Maybe shouldn't have voted for him then?..
Perfect - then change the laws and stop  complaining
He is a racist deplorable elf!
No, it would a consequence of people ruining their own lives.
Hey, remember when Trump said to the Black community, "What do you have to lose?"  Now we know.  Stand up and be heard, people.
Sessions looks like the village idiot, and thus an entire career built on getting back at everyone.Pathology at it's finest.
It's why Trump has the racist to target people of color so they can't vote #2018
I can't wait to see Sessions life ruin?? #Russiangate!!
One of the reasons why we know that evil is running rampant these are last ditch efforts because they know that they are a dying breed
As long as they are non white lives KKK Jeff won't care.
JUST LOOK AT THAT GUY.  How does he know what's right for us and the future young generation. I'm not even sure if he knows how to use a MAC
Hell yeah
Why not sentence Sessions for impersonating the Attorney General?
Sessions has got to go. His plans are draconian and will only help those who profit from incarceration.
Is AG going for max sentencing on white collar crime? Treason? Obstruction of justice? Collusion with foreign governments?
Just  curious, how many "jails" does Mr. Sessions own?  The governor of my state owns a lot of the post offices here
Session's plan for creating infrastructure jobs is to build more prisons?
jeff session is a one man show at DOJ. Trump is the producer & the producer needs to be fired quickly. Rest of shows will be cancelled
He should be sentenced by his sentencing plan! #Dangerous #Criminal #GetOutNow

The crimes that bring the sentences are ruining lives.
Criminals ruin their own lives. We just stop them from ruining others.
He a gop lap dog hates everyone
