so get a free market plan and go back at it??? @oreillyfactor
So do a lot of people!! We have faith in you guys...just need a clean process:)
I do not care what replaces it - I just don't want to be forced to buy it!  Gov't should not be in it in the 1st place!
Rep. Mo Brooks Introduces One Line Bill to Repeal Obamacare
Is this Sex fiend still on tv
I dont see the GOP united on anything at all. Trump will have to forge a bipartisan #populist coalition.
Issue with healthcare thinking is that it can be a profitable business ? treatment more profit than cure?
You messed up big time for the American people @oreillyfactor
. THE HERO OF THE DEMOCRATS. SAVING OBAMA CARE. THANKS ALOT DUMB ASS.
Ryancare gave more goodies to the rich and elderly and took more from the young and poor.
Ryancare was decried from both right and left, and from most economists. A total disaster
replaced the mandate with a 30% insurance hike over 12 months for people who have gaps in their coverage. $$$ to corps
so you are for a mandate as long as the fine goes to insurance companies rather than back to govt, nice to know
LOVE IT!!! yeah noone has a right to healthcare.  If you're a working man/woman, you can buy it.
Get out of government, you are not with the American people.
Voters DIDN'T ASK FOR, DON'T SUPPORT REPLACEMENT/Socialist Medicine, Gov. takeover of same. Just REPEAL!!
@sxdoc @oreillyfactor @RandPaul 
Just pay the piper& repeal, then let others come together for a dialogue on unsustainable programs
repeal and replace Obamacare. Republicans need to stand together. Protect Americans First!!
they can't pull the wool over American's eyes anymore.
Well said
You can change the name of the sex toy all you want but its still ending up in the same place
They need to go with the original repeal bill, get rid of the problem and then work in the replacement afterward once agreed upon!
FreeMarket HC complete Repeal
All GOP meet privately/consult GOP govs & ins. execs/egos out/consensus pact/sell to public/do Health 1st
what's the rush? take the time to get it right the first time! unlike the original democratic push through
Mr Paul,  You should switch parties. Your amazing at stalling progress None of your ideas will fly now sad
maybeGovernment should get out of healthcare let the free market handled it
my favorite Senator! We'll build him a Dacha somewhere in Siberia.
So, get cracking. Just repeal Title 1 using the "nuclear option", and the world will be your oyster.
Any time you have *say* that you're united...
So get cracking. Just repealing Title 1 would bring down prices and expand choices. You'd be a hero!
just give the PEOPLE the same CHOICES you politicians have, how about that?..https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Congressional_pension …
Help me out on this Senator.U pull into agarage to get your4 tires replaced U only have money for2 Uleave?
a really good senior for people
for 7 yrs republicans been talking about repealing OC, but the controlled house, senate & Potus couldn't
Why do you hate America and her people so much?
Ryan does'nt reflect spirit of Drain Swamp-MAGA voters. WH? FC does. Idea is valid but solid people needed
Ryan never had Trump's back in campaign. Replace w/FreeCauc courage/indep reflects DrainSwamp/MAGA voters
I hope the next plan is headed by Rand!
Let's see it.
introduce your bill into the senate this week
Let's not give up on Repeal and Replace!
Thank you senator Paul for not betraying your principles.
stand strong Rand we are behind you!
I think it's all a pipe dream now
y'all better!!!  It's extremely important for the people and the GOP!
republicans have been pushing a health care mandate since 70s, won't repeal or replace what they wanted.
LONG AGO INSURANCE WAS GOOD UNTIL THE GOVERNMENT DECIDED TO PLAY GOD IN OUR HEALTH
insurance companies are problem. Single payer or bust!
Thank you Rand Paul!  We The People elected TRUE conservatives, not weebles!
RAND IT SHOULDVE BEEN TRASHED OBAMACARE BUT NO ONE WOULD LISTEN TO AMERICAN PEOPLE TO START FRESH
Takes a while to fix a mess like Obamacare.  Not Trump's fault. He shouldn't be blamed by the fake news media.
Why didn't they just try to repeal? It might have passed and been less harmful to the people.
Your Freedom Caucus has hell 2 pay if they force @realDonaldTrump 2 Dem left! Get it done & support @POTUS
blame Paul Ryan's garbage plan
it would have been a lot more optimistic without rand whispering in people's ears.
this not realism this is stupidity fix aca and quit being p####s hear ur citizens fix it no repeal
put Rand in charge of this
Not based in reality. FC hurt Americans.
HE BETTER HAVE A GOOD ONE
Cut regs, replace the metals with market segmented plans, move high risk individuals into a separate pool.
@dougstafford @oreillyfactor @RandPaul #StandWithRand
That's right, no repeal, just amend and impove the Affordable Health Care Act.
I'm optimistic that the racists will continue to try repealing ACA. Hope it happens so you'll be voted out
Rand Paul Sucks!
The first step in solving any problem is to Define the problem.Senator Paul should look in the mirror#MAGA
Y'all better get it squared away~ Rand will tell on you next Festivus
Unfortunately, hope is not a strategy. As usual, lots of talk from Rand... no results.
No results?  He single-handedly groomed a Republican resistance against this trash bill
... And allowed ObamaCare to live on. A bizarre standard of success by any standard.
You better!
Ran Paul is like his old man, All or nothing, usually nothing because no responsibility with nothing
You're the person who gets scammed by the car salesman because you need that corvette NOW. Even as a lefty I know Rand was right.
Losing faith in Rep Party. If you can't get the party together, how are you going to do anything?  MAGA
even as a lefty i prefer rand over Ryan
With no help from you & the other RINOS!
Yep, they will fake it after unproductive intra-party internecine fighting. Will look likes spoiled kids
O"NO"bamacare took 15 months 2 create a catastrophic abyss. We can take 15 months 2 backfill with remedies
we need you and Dr Carson to help Dr Price fix this problem. The past admin over stepped forcing the peopl
we shall see
they all exposed themselves as nothing but obstructionists.
Rand. Your number one job should be getting your colleagues together on a bill to unite republicans on a repeal and replace. Do it!!!
Then get at it. This should have all been done. 7 years to do it. What have you people been doing?
@davidwebbshow: "The Democrats... don't understand basic economics."
There's no money in understanding economics - only in debt & overspending!
maybe someday, once we control congress and senate with a majority and a GOP President... lol Rand please!
you're making a god damn fool of yourself, you just got busted lying for 7 years about a plan...
Trump got busted lying about a great, terrific plan... now you 2 sound like jack ass's hee hawing outside
Rep. Paul is the Republican Chuck Schumer. He never saw a camera he didn't like.
not sure if politicians can put people over politics and self centered ego
politics and his way or highway not a ticket for success.  Non negotiating no compromise equals failure.
perhaps go to CNN MSNBC NBC abc and others who are against thebpeople
Let Schumer and democrats eat Obamacare
is NOT A KING
@ChrisLoesch @oreillyfactor @RandPaul congress has do something disease.They forget what jade America great PERSONAL RESPONSIBILITY
Then get busy Senator! Do what you were hired to do! Work for Americans not your seat! @LindseyGrahamSC
Are you going to take a roll in fixing this mess?  Look it is time for Congress to step up to the plate!
GO AWAY RAND PAUL!!!!!!!!
because he represented his constituents and the constitution? This bill was bad.
Not so much optimistic as fanciful.
Guaranty of HC for all, and guaranty of consumer enrollment, results in an open check to HC providers.
All talk, where are his replace ideas? He needs to go. Why no mention of killing filibuster?
Get ready to fight over taxes really have screwed US keep up good work
hello, if they don't do it thru reconciliation by may, it doesn't get done. We will never get to 60
That's good because eek expect nothing less.
*we
no, you MUST repeal or we will vote someone in that will.  No replacement means YOU support Obamacare
THEN GET TO IT!!!
@ChrisLoesch @oreillyfactor @RandPaul 110%
a little too late. Should have been a leader Rand Paul and had this thing ready. So very disapointex in U
Then do the part you ARE united on.  DO what's doable now, work towards doing what's not later.
No @RandPaul your in it for yourself.. you wouldn't negotiate. No one gets everything.
an epic fail Freedom caucus west wing all @POTUS bills will fail west wing needs to learn to build team
Freedom Caucus = GOP Shumer equivalent=Ideologues with no solutions or alternative legislation. Only "NO"
guess you didnt see Rand Paul's solution that he pit out before ANYONE ELSE!!!!!
@SpeakerRyan #ryanstepdown
Yeah, yeah, yeah.  Whatever!  All talk. No action.
who.is united Rand! You lost your chance. You & the MSM and FreedomCaucus, Mike Lee helped Pp continue!
Ryancare was a disaster
it's a shame it should be about the people it's become political left &right one eye on mid term elections
sure..you've been "fake" recalling the bill for awhile. Surprised when actually came up after 7 yrs of BS?
My full faith was in President Trump and the conservatives in the house. I find myself very depressed.
Just getting started.
NOBODY is united with a traitor .....
Then you need to work to replace it!
Tom Daschle wrote Obamacare. Lobbist for United Healthcare.
Somebody should talk about him?
Rand, if you were @realDonaldTrump wouldn't you fire Ryan (2 be safe) hire atrusted speaker always4 Trump?
I have never been so demoralized in my life to hear the full repeal of Obamacare had failed.
@cnn just wanr to repeal then they don't have to actually do anything
you should'nt get paid! "oh we were close" yea, that should mean you were close to getting a paycheck!
Thanks Rand. Cool new do? Quit acting like a rock star and get busy please. We need you.
I love to believe that! Just lost confidence in Repub leadership (not just Ryan) in house!
We NEED Dr. PAUL to lead the ACA efforts. Enough with  "politicians". We need real results by Med pro's!
@SpeakerRyan could care less about THE PEOPLE. In it to loose it for us and picket it for himself.TURNCOAT
SINCE O/C HAS 600 PAGES HOW MANY DOES TRUMPS NEW AMERICAN ACT HAVE & WE WANT TO READ IT!
130
just go home Rand
it's never going to get done. Just like Dems use racism as their victimization policy OC will be GOPs
Good luck Rand , it's easier to be the opposition party than governing party.Ryan's words not mine.
Don't replace garbage with more garbage. Take our/your time and do it right this time !!!
Probably should have thought about that before pushing for this latest debacle.
Conservative pundit thinks the GOP will continue to flail & fail on healthcare.
Washington compost bwaaaahahahaha
I'm not in favor of repeal without replace. I doubt you have the votes. You blew your chance
@GOP @realDonaldTrump republicans don't loose this opportunity to govern d country which DJT has given u
hope so . The nay sayers sure are gloating. Big surprise when Obama care explodes.  Get them a mirror.
after what happened last week, I have zero faith in Republican Party. Last week will now screw up Tax cuts
here's what I truly don't get. You've had 7 yrs to work on new plan. And you didn't do it. #get to work
blame Paul Ryan's and his shitty plan
sonnet could care less who's "plan" it was. Fact was 7 yrs to do it, and sucked eggs.
I mean don't get me wrong it's fun to watch trump crash and burn, but this isn't rand's fault.
I think Trump should listen a bit more to what @RandPaul has to say then what @SpeakerRyan says.
How about #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll for the replacement?  Cheaper overall and everyone gets covered.
why in the world wouldn't you just fix the one that's already there. This is crazy and babyish.
lobbyists that's why. Hold ins accountable high med costs high drug costs. What a waste of time.
you didn't lose because your party was divided duh, you lost because your bill sucked and was dispicable
We are done with listening. GOP congress must unify, meet in middle. Voters will not tolerate the circus.
we want it fixed now @POTUS not eventually!
KENTUCKY 33.3% OBESE, 16% DIABETES, LESLIE COUNTY KY 43.2% OBESE. RUN KY RUN. FAT STATE
I guess @RandPaul missed the memo where @realDonaldTrump said vote or he's moving on.
they just want to hurt many as they can, that's all.
they had 7 years to come up with a plan and best they had was tax cuts for rich and 20 mill lose coverage.
Let it implode.
You have had years....Now you think you have a plan???????
Sorry, Paulie & #FauxBot...tuned out at the blatant lie, "I think..."

#RussiaProtests #TrumpRussia
are you united on hating Obama ? Are you united on corruption and greed I bet you are ?
I really hope that Trump administration will be able to get SOMETHING DONE with healthcare soon
There is no "think it can be worked out". There is only work it out. All of you ran on repeal and replace
Here's another swamp thing that wants nothing more than to see Trump fail.
Ok so how about wait til you're united on the replacement before you just put forward any old thing?
if the hunker down and do what they were elected to do yes
