Just another selfish senator that wants to be famous QB and run for pres again
We can't in good conscience vote to keep you in your job to vote with democrats
Are you upset that he voted against republicans or you really wanted this bill to pass?
We need to get rid of obama care . so both
Lol ok. if you’re mad about policy ok. But mad that he voted “with Dems” is the reason we have problems today.
Exactly, then everyone whines when Nothing gets accomplished. They're SUPPOSED to be working together!
Nothing import IS getting accomplished ....
But who’s in control ? Of all houses ? So whose fault is that? Bipartisanship is the only way.
But you could in good conscience keep moving towards a single-payer? Can't give you too much credit anymore
Sorry, you don't have a conscience good or bad
Vote him out.....plain and simple part of the problem not part of the solution
but your vote Keeps Obamacare taxes and Obamacare spending so what has changed?
Nothing has changed and OBamacare stays in place so we all lose. Time to vote him out
Lots of talking  gets nothing done.
Who is Rand Paul beholden to? Certainly not common citizens. He must get one heck of a kickback from healthcare lobbyists.
So when u uttered the words repeal and replace u where just what...lying or kidding...ONCE A LIAR ALWAYS LIAR...
@RandPaul is right. This was FAKE repeal. They moved things around but it wasn't going to end Obamacare. It needs to be repealed in full.
He will never get those votes.  He must compromise or it stays the same.  He doesn't care if the people starve to death while waiting
I blame McCain & McCain alone for Obamacare surviving.
A vote against a change by anyone is a vote to keep Obama care.
We bitch if they don't follow through, we bitch when they lie, we bitch when they give in. Now we bitch if they stay true to their word?
RESISTOR
This guy doesn't understand a majority. You proved ur point and Obamacare is winning. What are u doin. Ur a real conservative we get it
He needs to go,we need relief on Obamacare. He's a fraud
RP needs an "I" in his initial to indicate his future in politics. RIP swamp treachery will be remembered in the ballots
Kick them off comittees
Here's the mic hound screwing the public to prove he's the most conservative
Him and his daddy need a tv show we need a senator for progress
He's a fraud
Self-important looney tune.
Spoiled brat  if you can't be quarter back you won't play.
THANK YOU!
Not happy. You gave up good because it wasn't perfect. We won't get another chance.
Attention!!!rand Paul is the biggest conservative. Now we no so can you get us a bill . Oh that's rt ur alone in this mindset get over it
He is an obstructionist
You are always a NO.   Grandstanding seems to be all you can do.  You are wasting space in your job.
His way or no way.  No team work
You mean the spending that helps #Americans? You are saying you are against us? Or just against poor Americans? Maybe we should deport them
So you vote to keep the Obama care taxes and the Obama care spending?
And u allowed planned parenthood to keep doors open.   All those poor dead babies
Soon it will be poor dead mothers. The healthcare plan will make pregnancy a “pre existing condition”, childbirth and maternity care won’t
Of course.
Where are the “supposed” pro lifers? Just proves they only want to keep babies in the womb and don’t care what happens to them at birth
You couldn't keep us first. Your views,your wants,your same BS and our same high rates. Vote this high horse preacher outa office
Rand Paul is like Ron Paul-
They talk about conscience yet never get anything accomplished. Disastrous ObamaCare is crumbling
Atleast let it go to the floor for open debate
He's done this multiple times.
The word "NO" is starting to look like it is all he knows
That's not what I mean. I mean he's debated it on the Senate Floor multiple times.
In the past....but on the bills since Trump none have made it to the the floor for debate.....
Let's get rid of Obamacare first. Then in the second bill let's make sure existing conditions are covered for all.
Paul uses his seat to spread his holy views inturn nothing gets done. Call him out
No but you could vote yes for the many people suffering huge payments.
If he were a sole practitioner ok but he has a team
WTF is wrong with GOP? Where is the repeal they promised for 7 years ????
You failed us Ron Paul.  Time for changing of the guard.
When you're treading water in the ocean and see a floating tree, you don't let it float away while you wait for a cruise ship to save you.
Rand is a problem for Americans like McCain and Collins and libs.
Rand is one of the few allies of liberty in the Senate.
Who  cares. If he can't play on the team unless he gets the pass  bench him
but @RandPaul's conscience was just fine w/keeping federally imposed crony capitalism mandates on citizens.
@RandPaul doing a great job of keeping Obamacare with ur voting with @NancyPelosi & @SenSchumer Ur not fooling us.
Trump told us to vote Republican down ballot, so we did. Ryan/McConnell's Congress won't repeal MASSIVE $1k/month tax on us.
#TaxReform #DC
They're stalling until AFTER Oct 1st, so they WON'T be able to get rid of Obamacare. Effective Oct 1, they need 60 votes to repeal
Nobody except Rand Paul has ever submitted a real repeal. This didn't repeal Obamacare MASSIVE $1k/mnth tax on us, you know that?
#TaxReform
GOP wants to shift focus off fact that they've never intended to get rid of Obamacare to we don't have 60 votes needed so it's not our fault
So where's your attempt to resolve the Obamacare crisis?  Haven't seen any solutions in writing from you!
But that is exactly what will happen by your vote of no.
he's not a republican, none of them are, if they were they'd work to fix it or make something better. Lousy reps.
This is bull. Bill could have been tweaked later. He just wants his own way - period. Selfish little man. Vote him out
You have no idea how furious you've made those of us suffering with outrageous premiums under the mandate! You have totally screwed us over!
We voted so that you would reflect our wishes
You don't vote for  nothing if your so Damn Smart why don't you write up a Health Care or are you just another Big Mouth
What can u support
@RandPaul #obstructionist extraordinair..  its all about getting back at @realDonaldTrump ...
But u did!!
How long can you people keep paying for this health-care that you cannot afford? My payments are 1400 a month w 10000 copay!!
I'll be glad when it collapses
#FoxNewsIsSoMean Girl
Sad. I hope Congress can do better on tax reform. Congress was set up to force compromise.
But you changed nothing!
Time to abolish ALL government healthcare. Medicare, Medicaid, VA, CHIPs, and ACA now! #Libertarian
So U decided to keep all of Ocare BRILLIANT
Let the Dems win
If your plan is so good! Why don’t you come up with the bill? Name it Cruz/Paul’ the problem is you’re nothing bit scumbags.
Guess what.... you are keeping Obamacare! If you were covered by it, you'd vote yes!
he doesn't have consciences!!
Now what? You've left the country with this albatross tied to us.
Rand is still mad about being called "ugly" by Trump during the primaries
Go have your revenge coffee with John McCain!
I have no idea what you said...I only know that Middle America is UNINSURED because we can’t afford the premiums and the deductible!
U keep says this with schumer croc tears yet u keep voting down the process to DISCUSS it. Ur not even voting on the bill.
You are so self righteous and know everything.  Nothing gets done.  Are you happy?
One of the reasons to repeal the bill was to end the taxes promised by TRUMP they have to keep taxes to keep obamacare afloat bull crap
Status quo.Go sell that in Kentucky.
With respect Mr. Paul you need to think what is going to help the entire country of 50 states, not just your constituents !!
When you was running for president you would run  repeal and replace you had your chance I think you're  shit
So I imagine your district may not be able to vote for you again...in good conscience.
Blah  blah
stand your ground rand! #FullRepeal
You're just a Trump hater.  Hate Trump before country, right?  Are you sure you voted for Trump & not Hillary?
And the middle class isn't affording O-care, if they can get it, & with no relief in sight. Doesn't effect the wealthy or those on Medicare.
Ooops Medicaid
Why doesn't he just come up with a bill he can for and see if anyone would vote for it.
He's gonna get drained when the swamp dam is finally busted...Kentucky, you better get rid of this guy.
Sellout!
That is exactly what you have supported.  Do not want to lower taxes people are paying for Obamacare for subsidizes to non working citizens
so didn't you just agree to keep Obamacare
You are being a fool Rand. I think it's time that we replace you with a senator who will actually support our @POTUS . So shameful.
But you voted to keep all of Obama Care.  I think you curls are fogging your Judgement. I used to like you but now you're just obstructing.
Why can't all of Congress put our needs ahead of their own pocketbooks???
I know @RandPaul doesn't care about the people he voted for, he is just trying to stay relevant for a 2020 run. Poor choice...
Thank you for killing a horrendous bill. Now let's put together a bill in the light of day that kills ACA & keeps me insured!
You are just trying to get yourself elected, so sorry you are in this!
This does not remotely ring true. Unless he is the/an architect, this fellow is not voting for it

Excuses excuses. Repeal and replace or we will replace http://you.you  are not untouchabl
I expected to see this face shortly after it failed, and here it is. Now where's the other Mr. McCain stand up. It's time to grandstand.
Whatever!! Tell ur story walking!! Out of congress hopefully! U wanted ur plan & got butt hurt when nobody else did! Bunch of prima-donnas!
@RandPaul follows the Constitution. He doesn't tow party establishment line. He's keeping his promise to Kentuckians. He's been working w/DT
I will be sitting home next cycle due to HC failure. I predict DNC will win first cycle since passage due to this failure
FAILURE THATS ALL THAT COMES TO MIND RAND PAUL YOU HAVE FAILED THE AMERICAN PEOPLE
Just Repeal the darn thing already!

True!
But you did! How did you make healthcare better and affordable for Americans. You didn't!
My premiums are unaffordable. Edit Medicaid. Delete Obamacare. #help #moneymatters
Go to a freakin' barber shop and do something about that hair, man. Stop talking and take care of that first!
Affordable Care Act
Perhaps Paul Rand, John McCain & Susan Collins should write an acceptable healthcare plan next???
Keep fighting for us Senator Paul. We really do appreciate it.
You're done.
so his Kentucky constituents governed by a Republican governor would have not been better served vs OCARE.. Grand standing phony
You need to resign! Not doing what you were sent there to do! Go home! Shame on you!
Boo Hiss
#StandWithRand

Sorta like the alt-left democrats.
ITS ALL ABOUT RAND-PAUL
So Paul and his conscious can just go home! He's officially done nothing!
You won't do anything time for a change
Your so called conscience makes me sick. You failed the American people, Rand.
Rand Paul is an ideologue with no soul and no caring for ordinary people.  Tax money "saved" goes where?

Is it possible to repeal this mess...7 years says no
No. You would rather see millions of Americans unable to afford high premiums and/or not be able to get health care. Think you're done.
Who paid him off?
Show me your plan you have had years to work on!
You are still mad at Trump because you didn't win. You and McCain- the same mold and not good for America.
Don't are how long it takes, JUST GET IT RIGHT!! Right now FOGUS should be on citizens of PR who are in desperate need of surviving H.Maria.
Right vote, wrong reasons
Who cares Rand Paul.
You join McCain as Obama's great defenders and the Democrats great hope. Keep up the great work.....Not!!!
You don't represent the desires of Ky and the people who voted for you; I voted for you but now time for you to go - like Rick Pitino!
Screw you
Rand Paul your voting not for or against anything, you just hate Trump admit it
Why are Republicans making this so difficult?   Your all a total failure.
rand paul wise man god heart
The Chief Justice rational
Don't try to blame your cracked Libertarian beliefs on "Conscience"!
What does your conscience tell you will happen when OC fails next year and all those people lose out?
How long have you been in there bitching abt Obamacare what good are you?
I hope you realize that the only thing that will allow the repeal of this socialist policy is a civil war. You may get one w/B.Sanders help.
You people are playing with fire and when the American middle class has nothing left and no money to pay taxes you may get burned.
what are you going to do when my premiums increase 50% next year, you gutless shmuck.  Thnx or nothing, drain the SWAMP!!
Enjoy ur phony, sanctimonious "conscience"!  YOU DID KEEP ACA TAXES & MANDATES!FAILURE as a statesmen Go back 2medicine or join the clergy!
In good conscience WeThePpl can't donate to you & your new best buds McCain & Collins. You had a chance to get Ocare out of the Fed. Failed.
And you couldn't in good conscience come up with a bill you could pass.
Get rid of Obamacare! It's not perfect but better than Obamacare!!!!
You elected people could not decide what to eat for dinner
u should have voted yes to keep repeal going. obamacare is a massive spending welfare program, which our nation cannot afford.
Traitor.  Movement in the right direction is better than waiting for a total meltdown.
And now we lose the Senate and House....Good plan!
CAN"T wait ANY longer! 40K HC or Mtg? We are drowning out here!  NO help from GOV!
Need a little help here KY, y'all can do better.
REMEMBER WHAT YOU SAID WHEN THE DEMOCRATS WILL ASK FOR A BAILOUT . I SUGGEST YOU RESIST AND TAKE THEM DOWN OR THE PEOPLE WILL DO THE SAME
Do your damn job you punk I pay $54K a year for ins Inc my copay because I'm cancer patient and need Cadillac plan ACA my ass #repealNOW
You are not Republican change your party to Independent . You never stand with them always alone. In good conscience switch parties
You all need to be fired your a bunch of spineless politicians and traitors to our Great Country.
but he did vote to keep  Ubummacare!!!!!
The ACA is like a Yugo which continually breaks down. Rather than junking the car you spend $$$$ getting it to run, only to break down again
Let Obamacare sink on it's own. The big Insurance are pulling out of this scam like Rats leaving a sinking ship. This scam was a failure.
Every Republican that undermines #FullRepeal will be lioking down the drain in #2018out Ran Paul is a true American
Rand Paul is one of the few senators or congressmen I trust.
Resign I'm tired of can't can't
Jerk
#StandOnPrinciples #SupportRandPaul
We need a 3rd party
Your are are shortsighted fool !
Good luck in your reelection campaign
Please give rand Paul and Cruz a chance at healthcare
You won't vote for anything that is not your pure idea of repeal, if we get single payer it's your fault!
Blah blah blah!!! That's all you do!!! What are you going to do to fix it then! Quit making excuses
I liked what I heard you say on Fox this morning regarding Obamacare. Please stay the course and help us. There are people doing without
You would if you were on it.
Better get your ideas in there and get this done. We the people are. Is held hostage to this stupid government plan!
Yet, that is exactly the outcome of your NO vote.  That is until ACA goes bankrupt.

Good for you.  Thank you
Just get rid of it Repeal the entire bill. My deductible is up to $10,000 a year now. And all you do is find reasons to keep it! Ridiculous
So keep Obama care in place with it falling apart and hurt millions of Americans is better then working to compromise?  Pride is right word.
maybe your replacement will find a conscience.
What good are you Paul, if all you do is obstruct like the Dems? Change sides.
Rand Paul is the only thing between us and total tyranny.
