Why aren't they being punished it's mind boggling that noone is being arrested where's the 5 billion lost money with HUD Obama stole from us
No one is being punished because its an absolute bullshit story and made up.
@maxinesung1996 @MJK98123 @RandPaul When your TRUMP daddy goes to prison. Maybe you all can be pen pals? #Resistance
Oh please snowflakes
Trump is CORRUPT The Dutch even know it!
Did you even read the article? It DOES NOT say what your implying! #factsmatter!!
#FactsDoMatter and the 90 min VIDEO explains it all. Research Trump & Bayrock or Trump & Azerbaijan He's rotten to the core
That has already been answered & the answer is NO
The facts are pointing that way! @AmbassadorRice is refusing to testify to protect her boss @BarackObama This is bigger than Watergate!
LIES...the GOP side of the committee asked her to come. (Diversion) It wasn't bipartisan. Trump can declassify the material. Ask him?
I would not either!  Russia  is the real story and you should be very worried if you are a Patriot!
"Russia" lol
If it's "lol" why the obstruction to investigate? get it done and let's see what happens
.... Yes, let's investigate Obama, Clinton, Lynch, Rice and other lowlives and see what crimes they may have committed.
Did any other candidate openly collude with Russia during the campaign?
Killery did, took $ from countries that oppress women and sell ppl as slaves too..


@POTUS won because a foreign power flooded the minds of selfish cretins with fake news that validated their racist leanings
What's the matter, Rand? Feeling a little complicit today?
Show your PROOF!
likely-FBI CALEA WIRETEP NET-Hacked by Chinese in 2007 & following-check all meta data logs @ telco switch data
Just got conf in telco security-all meta data logs need to be checked for illegal wiretaps-phony cell carriers set up bank hack in Germany
Organized Crime, N Korea using hacked personal data pulled from diff sources combined w/cell to get cash etc-data mining by bad guys now!
Bank account hack using cell data in las 12 days in Germany-previous unannounced bank heist too which has not been made even slightly public
They're called FISA warrants. When you sell your country out to Russia, and the IC gets wind of it. Had nothing to do with Obama. #traitors
tell me what this is then
Mary Anne Marsh, a democrat, reveals that the Obama admin had been investigating Trump since the spring of 2015!! 
As has been repeated as nauseum, a presidential administration cannot investigate people. The DOJ, FBI, NSA, and CIA have.....
President can't ask 'on the record', but Obama's minions can do it for him. Come on...
Whoever was surveilling the overgrown Oompah loompah had good reason. EVERYONE but trump has said Obama didn't wiretap. Trump's a liar
Most likely. 
Obama and NSA will cover up though, delete collected data.
This what you're talking about today?  Are you shitting me?  You are an asswipe
yeah, but it was only #IncidentalIntelligence and #unmasked by accident.
What is your problem? He didn't use it against Trump. Stop being an alarmist. its not cute anymore
Yep! I could tell you that it was all political and you all would of never known cause they really thought Hillary was going to win.
You're a two-face bag of 
You think? That's why Hillary told Brazille they were gonna hang if she didn't win.
how dare you ask a relevant question? Got these demtards going crazy
Not sure why he is not behind bars including Hitlary? Like the are untouchable. Sad to think they are above the law.
Do you really have any doubts about that??
All aboard the crazy Trump train...
Cranial Rectumitis 
  A condition where the head is stuck up one's rectum, preventing this individual from seeing and discerning facts.
Hey @jeffsessions, I know u r busy, but this is kinda important. Need to appoint a special prosecutor, STAT!
Fbi et al have already debunked the bs claim.   Wipe that orange shit off your nose RandY
And we think he didn't because....Obama wanted to bring this country down..we had warning signal from Rev Wright. Evil man.
Wright?  Wow, your cell supervisor is good, comrade.  Many forgot about this fake BS.  A Russian with imagination!
Hey Rand, #DeleteYourAccount
You know he did, See Dennis Montgomery, Larry Clayman, Sheriff Arpaio & Mike Zullo
I sincerely hope not but fear yes.
Looks like someone is using his running his mouth to audition for the role of Presidential Cock-holster. He must not know it's a temp role
And, who killed Justice Scalia? LOCK THEM UP!
Yes --- in the name of Autocracy Preservation 
My guess is YES!
You've been a Senator how long, and you don't know that the President has no authority todo "wiretapping?" You got a fake eye dr license too
Glad Obama and law violating administration is gone, now American can really rebuild !
No but, using valid warrants, the FBI got GOPers on taking/washing Russian cash. What did ya'll think was going to happen running a mobster with Putin ties?  The RNC is getting RICO'd right now. Top congressmen going down too. Gonna do time. GOP is TOAST!
Will make me question whether we are truly a constitutional republic if Obama is not made to answer for these abuses
Your question makes me question the sanity of people, other than the paid Russians making comments like this.  Just a job.
I would not be surprised. BUT, sadly the double standards in our country are so obvious and sickening, nobody ever will be held accountable
IKR?  So frustrating to find out 99.9% of them are on the same team; CYA for each other while we scream for JUSTICE.
So, the fact Comey shut down these claims (twice!) in front of the Senate means nothing to you then. Shame on you, Senator.
So tired of the criminal left running roughshod over everyone.NWO? I think so now
that explains about Trump's tape recording comments.
Certainly! He was ready 2 trash whoever won& it turned out 2 be our President but he would've gone against any1, had President Trump not won
@elgatoweebee
What a disingenuous question. Are you part of this collusion too?  Team Trump was in bed with the Kremlin, OF COURSE they're on intercepts
Lol RUSSIA! PUTIN! Lmao
Here is a Dem admitting that they were investigating Trump in Spring of 2015!
Mary Anne Marsh, a democrat, reveals that the Obama admin had been investigating Trump since the spring of 2015!! 
Go get them guys; expose every single crook in our government now and in the last Administration especially! Counting on it!  
WTF
Get a grip,Paul, you know that is a double false you just dropped
Let's find out and press charges!
yes he did! Why the congress not investigating and letting susan rice get away?
Ms Rice did nothing wrong. She declined when it was not a BIPARTISAN invite to testify is what I saw yesterday.
Please! She is as crooked as obama and lynch! Media is protecting and you saw a very fake news!
I would say the same to you regarding fake news. Good day
Why is this so difficult to resolve?
um, say what? Wow, you kids cant even master your own language.
And Capitalizing Each Word Is Super Annoying
You've lost it bro
Nope, Hillary lost, Trump won, & now Obama is going down.
I picture you tweeting this wearing nothing but a black garbage bag, sweat dripping on your phone, crystal residue on your upper lip.
From the guy who wrote a screen play from a Lego's perspective? Shut up.
Omg in my house the Lego Batman movie is held in high regard. @sethgs is a true hero in my grandsons eyes.
That's explains so much! You relate to life from a child's perspective.  Thx got it now
Of course they did. Hillary was going to win and insulate/conceal.
Source?
The human experience.
Ahh well the human experience tells me you you still haven't came to grips with a woman running for office.
Lol.....ever the political identity crutch. Unshackle yourself.
Of course he/they did. Who's being held accountable?  Who's going to jail? America wants answers. ALso, get rid of @SpeakerRyan = WORTHLESS
So incidental collection is the new spying, like djt lying is the new "honor"
No. Next question/distraction? #TrumpRussia #SaveACA #emolumentsclause
yeah most all the billionaires in the world are progressives soooo.......
Yeah I'm gonna need some evidence for a claim this absurd.
Question not claim. See ?
Not Rand Paul's claim, which is obviously disguised as a question. But the person who claimed that "most all" billionaires are progressive.
did u not see the pic
And its questionable at best, so where's your evidence?
all I'm saying is look up the worlds richest ppl they're mostly liberal.According to the left wealth nd greed go hand nd hand
Listening to "fake news" Breitbart again?  You people are all nuts.
Obama really made you all realize how inferior you are. Still not over it. Sad!
In a word, no. #Trumprussia #ImpeachTrump
You're better then this Rand. Just delete the tweet and we'll all forget about it. Smh
Did you have ties to Russia too?????
You tell us!!!!!
Oh God, shut up.
WITHOUT EVEN READING THIS I CAN TELL YOU 'HELL YES HE DID'!
Shouldn't "warrantless" and "besides" be the words in quotations, since they are lies?
Congress doesnt seem to give a shit when you do it to your own citizens, why should citizens care if they do it to politicians.
https://twitter.com/judgejeanine/status/860453343172284416 … it has been revealed 35,000 more Americans surveilled and unmasked by the Obama Administration!
"It is teed up for the biggest abuse of privacy that Americans-- that we've ever seen in American history." -Judge Jeanine on @seanhannity 
GET REAL! Just b/c POTUS tweets something does NOT make it true #FAKENEES
I used to respect you and would have voted for you if you were against hrc. Now I see you just fall in line with the party.
WTF Is your problem!  Are you now on the side of foreign agents?
Well, you;re as crazy as he is! Don't you all listen to the FBI, and other agencies when they said there's no evidence of that?
He didn't use them on Trump.  Get your facts straight and stop playing at a dangerous game.  This country is VERY divided. #stopthelies
What about Clinton, what is going to happen with her breaking laws? Will they open a new investigation? No one is above the law
How many investigations do you want?
They dropped the investigation of her, I think it should be re-opened no one should be able to get away with breaking our laws. NO ONE
There were 8 investigations. You want more. They dropped it because no evidence was found.
Yes,  there was evidence and Comey/sworn in front of Congress made that perfectly clear. Have a great day!
...Good Question...I would bet others were spied on...
Does telling a lie in the form of a question make it any less of a lie?
Why are you interfering into an ongoing D o J investigation?

What do you & McConnell have to hide?
If you gotta ask the question, I think you know the answer.
RAND PAUL: YOU KNOW BETTER!  Trying 2 distract again?  What does *45 have on all you GOPers?
With all due respect - which is none at this point - this has been proven false ad nauseam. Give it up, you're making yourself look guilty
i would like to see something done. but the fact is nothing will be. the system is too corrupt. the federal government is out of control.
Where did all that focus on this bogus healthcare bill go? You really fell off Rand.
No he didn't. However, now I'm feeling the need to know what your ties to Russia are Senator?
Secondary surveillance is a real bummer huh?
What are you afraid they found?
Nope. Moving on.
@RandPaul Wow, you sound more like a troll than a senator, sir.  Feeling irrelevant, are we?
You know that they did not use leagle means. Trail will lead back to Obama himself. Then what will you do - anything / nothing?! Bet nothing
Considering there wasn't a warrantless tap on @realDonaldTrump your questions makes no sense.
Why stop there! Expand to Supreme Court justices as well
Please....We all know he did. Go ask justice Roberts.
of course they did and nobody will do anything about it. Laws now ate just a suggestion for the elite
Were you colluding with Russian criminals? If not don't worry about it.
Oh shut up. Nice try
Wouldn't put it past him. Spied on Trump and Merkel for political gain...why not everyone else?
You Conspiracy clowns either need to put out evidence or stop. Stop. It. All. You're the problem, not the solution.
Yes,,,, and they used a hokey Russian conspiracy as cover.  Please,,, hold this criminals to the law
How are you in Washington and not know this is false? Are we to expect Rand pulling a Nunes next week after Yates?
Only those guilty of crimes.
I can't prove it, but I'll bet a buck every GOP candidate EXCEPT the pro-globalists were monitored by Obama.
Average Joe, Angela Merkel, even the AP. ALL spied on. So why not other candidates?
We can only hope that one day he will be held accountable.
My theory is. There all so crooked if you prosecuted one they would rat out others? So they put on a show with hearings, and no arrests?
Still unanswerd. No substntve questons frm Dems. Jst giggling & presmptions frm Dems. Did Franken ever ask a question?@LindseyGrahamSC
Trump-Tell lie -Make it big-Keep saying it-Eventually they will believe it-"Hitler" #TrumpDictatorship
Sunk to an all time low... trumps behavior has worn off on you
you seriously are not that stupid are you???
Let's find out!  And make PLENTY of room in not-so-nice FEDERAL prison quarters for those who presently are above the law...or so they think
How does one go abut finding who is on the list without intruding on others?
they didnt even use it on Trump.  Fake News by Rand.
Guy's we got another media zombie over here
So Rand Paul was also colluding with the enemy?  Wow!  A lot of Trumpanzees are going down.
Get to the bottom of this please! The corrupt Obama admin needs to be held accountable.
How much did it cost Trump & others to buy off your integrity?  Sad. Were counting on you to stand up to the nuts. Pods have claimed another
OK, Paul it was Obama, HRC, LBJ, JFK, FDR , just throw out  a DEM name and hope for the best, you are acting like Trump you clown
You're a buffoon.
I cannot wait for you to go.
Of coarse they did, why aren't they in jail??
The FBI said no. There you go.
Any looking at this shiny example of nothing deserves to lose their healthcare. #RepublicanCare #Trumpcare #trumpcare2
Not just yes Rand but HELL YES!
did you check your microwave oven?
Apparently,  it doesn't matter to Washington DC.  All of Democrats scandalous behavior, yet nothing being done about it at all. Typical DC
a lawyer representing the former Obama administration admitted his birth certificate is a forgery April 12 2012
Why don't you ask current administration - they do have access to all the records but since no evidence exists, better to deal in innuendo.
So,FBI and CIA et al, are in cahoots with Obama to spy on people and not reveal any details before the election in order to do what exactly?
Don't be thick. If there was a wiretap there was a warrant and for a good fucking reason. Collusion with Russian agents.
Simple answer, YES.
LUCIFER DID IT, NOT BLODAMA
You and the @GOP are a bunch of lying, cheating, colluding traitors! That's how you will all be remembered.
You too?
I'm sure they did.  They are scrupulous
If you were a critic you were spied on to create dossiers for blackmail.
Go brush your hair.....get a hobby!
Russia has you owned too
Why can't anyone find out?
You are desperate to make this fabricated "scandal" sound credible. Stop embarrassing yourself.
I wondered that too!
Undoubtedly
I mean maybe @SenJohnMcCain was onto something. Maybe you DO work for Putin. McCain if you want to save the country from this there is a way
doubtful, just those that were colluding or money launder
You know they did just look at what they did to the tea party
Yes, I bet!Obama was a crooked, lying, socialist politician!
Hillarys are coming out next week. Of course he did
Great question. Love the way you think @RandPaul
I love it, Comey is now credible to the left after being 1 of many reasons HRC lost. Too funny
Great question!  Takes attention away from the Trumpcare debacle.
Fake news Rand Paul!  Stop talking about a decent president.   While your at slandering him talk about the Clown in the white house 
Decent!! 
KABOOM!!! Lynch Stated: "She would do WHATEVER it took to PREVENT Charges frm being brought against Hillary." 
For a moment, I almost thought you were the sane one now the bunch. Still itching for a fight with President Obama till now? Sad!
Nope. Hope you're not another traitor. #noloveforPutin #countryoverparty #AmericaoverRussia
Bet they did
Really, Rand?  You believe the nonfact maker?  Where's your proof. Make it public or be quiet about it.
If you were surveilled it would be by private right-winger spies like those who worked for Roger Ailes in Fox News' "black room."
You greedy self serving deplorable. No, he didn't be he didn't use it on trump. Stop this crap & do ur job.
Hang it up.
Is that a rhetorical question? Let's see what's done about it.

Ask @SenSanders why he caved to dems.
no, and stop spreading innuendo and bull shit
You are unreal.  that must have been some golf game.  How much did you get?
Please don't bother asking the question, if Congress and DOJ aren't willing to take swift and serious action.
We're tired of the divisive investigations that end without consequence, or even definitive answers. #JailThem
You aren't even man enough to hold Obama's jock.
@IAmVerySilky @realDonaldTrump Most Probably!!
I wonder is the changes made in 2011 helped Obama beat Romney.
Hasn't this question already been answered? Are you scared because you were colluding?
The only reason you are wondering this is cuz someone told u y cuz u didn't like the bill u said u wouldn't have put ur name on it BAD
He didn't use them on Trump. You're spreading a lie, and you know it.
It's a very valid concern for ALL of us. Please push it. Need help let me know. Thank you
Ummmm yeah!!! It's not rocket science...
R u kidding me? Trump & associates were speaking with foreign natls who were under surveillance. REAL question? WHY were they talking at all
The #fbi and #cia directors under oath have multiple times ended this nonsense and nonsense it is
Ego need inflating, Rand? Your failed campaign was of nobody's interest. Nobody's.
That's delusional. The issue is not "leaks" or "unmasking". The issue is collusion and treason and the Don Dump supporters are in denial.
@MariaBartiromo @realDonaldTrump - Dennis Kuchinich & Rosen experience wiretaps from Obama the SHOWDOG !
America or Putin, your choice
