Senator Paul, please stop all the name calling. Just do your job, go to the senate and represent your district. This is no place to campaign
he is doing his job. He took an oath to the Constitution & upholds it. #StandWithRand
So you're call is to sit back in you're easy chair & let Asad murder Children
the same Constitution that gives freedom of religion also calls for 3 separate but equal branches.
Yes We Know This But that don't Give Senator Rand Paul to try &  push the passive button that don't solve the problem
I can post some articles if you want to read them. They provide more info about our ME obsession.
What is a "ME" obsession?? Never heard of it ? Yes, a link is good. Thank you.
I expected our (R)congress and (R)president to work on the problems we face, instead of finger point. I expected far too much.
Syria isn't our problem.
My senator blabbering on for a week about blowing up a few airplanes is my problem.
I support your Senator staying true to the oath he took.  We need more like him in Congress. #StandWithRand
I voted for him, but like every libertarian, there are no solutions, just divide, complain and argue. Everyone else's fault.
I admire Rand for calling out both sides when they're in violation of their oath. There's not always a solution
especially when we're policing the world.  I think we need to retire from that job. It costs too much.
Correct
@PatVPeters @rcpvideo Damn, this is scary. I agree with @RandPaul about something... The end must be near!
Absolutely right!
McCain's brain is stuck on .."Bomb them" .... Who you ask ? ... just  "Bomb them "
Exactly!!!!!! May I add there is something very strange about McCain and his motives. Follow the money!!! Democrat mole???
McCain needs an exorcism. H'e a world government boy.
The lies continue
I hope @MaxineWaters don't go after @SenJohnMcCain @senmarcorubio @LindseyGrahamSC for Colluding with isis  That would hurt R Party
you are not far behind McCain in your hate for trunp with your rants  #sherly temple
Why haven't y'all called out @SenJohnMcCain relationships w Terrorist? There r pics of him with AlQuade leaders! He was n Syria a month ago!
Lol.  I remember you had a problem w/ McCain & allowing Montenegro to join NATO too.
Trump officially supports Montenegro joining NATO, expanding an alliance he has called “obsolete.” And likely angering Putin in the process. 
Why did McCain go to Syria before the gas attsck??
Thank you.
quit whining on fake news network. Go discuss with @POTUS instead. Be a team & provide solutions instead of being a problem
how is McCain still alive. guess it's true evil people really don't die.
McCain gets a pass, forever. Guess you all dont remember Viet Nam. McCain stayed, didnt have too, endored more than I ever could
McCain was a traitor in Vietnam.  Other prisoners there said he colluded with the enemy & ratted on them.  He spoke against US
If you do not know the difference in declaring war and making a statement then go ahead and put a D behind your name & go to the other side.
Not with those morons!!
Please help the Bundy's get free from the farce of a "trial" they are enduring. No one of power will help! Will you?
Stop doing these morning interviews your own Stupidity is shinning through
I Refuse to like this Mr. Senator Paul all Due Respect To You Sir but Talking doesn't solve the Problem & You & Ur Father Are stuck on that!
Don't forget his sidekick Lindsay Graham. Two warmongers who hopefully will be replaced by an informed electorate.
Warmongers? Who Senator Paul Not Even him & his Father are Passive
America loves killing!!
"I don't really pay to attention to Senator Paul," said McCain. Nor does he pay attention to the Constitution.
Fighting on middle East been there since beginning of time. We should stay out of it!
While you may be right about McCain, your own father is out there claiming the US set this up; so stupidity abundant and perhaps genetic
 McCain is nuts 
right you are
: Agree, he's a stupid Neo-Con on one end and you're a Dork of equal proportion on the other end.
2014 Syrians in a monitored democratic election for President 88.7% voted 2 reelected Assad, lets just piss off 88.7% of 23 million Syrians
to me I have thought this as well. Hang McCain and McMuffin
McCain just can't get over being rejected by Patriots in 2008. Still thinks he is prez.
Rand Paul: The "Stupidity" Of The McCains Of The World Hinders Solution In Syria | Video | RealClearPolitics http://www.realclearpolitics.com/video/2017/04/08/rand_paul_the_stupidity_of_the_mccains_of_the_world_hinders_solution_in_syria.html …
@JohnMcCainIII really hit a nerve when he revealed to the world no one in the Senate listened to you @rcpvideo
I'm sorry for all from Kentucky. It's not a good situation with Rand Paul. Everything isn't always black and white. Rand can't compromise.
Well said!
Preach it Rand! #termlimits
Stupid is as stupid do foo, can you plz repeal Ocare I can't afford HC on unemployment, but gave up the refund thanks
Legalize #MedicalMarijuana
Amen!!!
You should have stayed in the fight for POTUS, now look at what we have to deal with. At least this is much bigger than Trump.
I completely agree
Thank goodness for you, your dad, and Tulsi. Be strong & yell !!!
You are correct rand Paul again!!
@BalestraAdele You should distribute the pictures of McCain and Graham meeting and smiling With ISIS

You have a ton of support out here! Don't back down to those elitists globalists murderers
Yup McShame & McLame pardoned 4 treason songbird
dial it in. Name calling never works.
And just what are McCains tie to that pipi line from Ukraine to Syria???
Opthamplogy might be a better fit
McCain don't listen to you.  And we don't listen to him. 
why are we caught in a shit sandwhich....isnt there something in the middle between the 2 of you
Keep on fighting, Senator Paul. You're one of the few people with sound mind in the political circus right now. Thank you.
- Right on, Senator Paul!!
Syria, big deal. People care about repeal and replace Obama Care.  Do your job and get back on track.  7yrs and no solution is disgusting
The response of a fool is to look the other way and do nothing when a Tyrant uses WMD on his own people Assad's residence should be BOMBED.
Agreed, being able to manage the difficult is why we elect...anyone can manage the easy
Agreed, Rand. The guys so old and senile, his time has come and gone, twice. War hero? For sure. That's not a qualification for Senate seat
Why does US have to be involved in every conflict/war around the world. Why was it US moral duty to drop bombs? Why not UK, Australia?
TRAITOR globalist SOROS funded @SenJohnMcCain = y MUST push for #TermLimits Just research Wikileaks
PAULcare =CAPITALISM #POWER2WTP @POTUS
Dear Arizona,  please take your Senator back!
Thank you.
Do not let the establishment talk POTUS into taking Assad out. It will only make things worse in the middle east.
GO FOR IT. TELL IT LIKE IT IS. GREAT JOB.
Why is it that Democrats always support their Democratic President and each other and Republicans do not support their Republican President.
McCain continues to be the poster child for very short term limits, and Rand continues to sound more and more rational!
Ouch RAND your bites are starting to sting but I agree w you.
McCain is losing it, and he is a TRAITOR
Agree 100%. Take it further. I believe McCain and his buddies have hindered world peace. He is a war monger!!
@veganvecoh 
Until McCain & soros disappeared from this planet, no peace.
He seems happy to send us to war   I'm not
John McCain, poster child for TERM LIMITS!
u are sooooooooooooo right about the senile mccain....
The Senator was tortured by the Viet Cong Communist.  Plenty fine to have the debate, but please show a little respect.
Traitor McCain - stand DOWN, sir! Have you NO shame?? Save what's left of your soul and resign - NOW!
Does Sen R know re Latest on progressive coup in #MAGA WH from .@stranahan (former Breitbart reporter)
@onehilton ... Rand ... lets hear your solutions... after all ... you have been in congress for over 10 years plus ... right
Senator...respect ur wisdom more than McCain n Grahm combined
I like trump and voted trump but it was 2 stay out of war not to have more did he want anerica first to create more jobs to support more war
If trump would quit listening to his daughter and her husband and have his own mind then maybe u and bannon could have made him understand
Im happy to see there are still some level headed people around the whitehouse need more like you in there
I'm all for no war but what is the solution? To end ISIS seems we have to do something or they spread. Obama made a bigger mess so what now?
Agreed. McClain needs to GO.
Blah blah blah
McCain should be arrested and put on trial for treason!!!
#IStandWithRand
I don't like Rand Paul.  But he is definitely right about John McCain.
McCain and Graham got medals from the Islamo-Fascist junta in Kiev, last January. McCain & Graham will get us all killed.
I don't like either one of you.
Myopic thinking
#Assad uses banned #WMD on his own people while we fight #ISIS (terrorists who attacked US on 9/11) in #Syria & @POTUS can't act?
@RandPaul @SenJohnMcCain YOU both ran for pres and we rejected YOU.  Let our @POTUS try his best with your support at least for 1st yr!
THERE ARE MANY WHO WISH THAT McCAIN WAS OUR PRESIDENT RATHER THAN AGENT ORANGE MR. TRUMPOVSKY!
I agree.
Brilliant. Insult a war hero and one of the few people in the Senate with a clue.
Rand, please shut up
You're a Mess. Posturing for the next election?.......No Chance! PLEASE support your party and constituents. PLEASE STOP
Again read article 2 of the constitution President is not declaring war he sending a message to get on board

If you have a problem with what @realDonaldTrump did, then talk to him about it. Quit criticizing your own party on tv. Makes Rs look weak.
No kidding! I'm so sick of watching them running to get in front of a camera to criticize. Childish!
Senator Paul need to stand behind president get some muscle be strong and don't let the Democrats rule you guys I don't understand
LOL! Well, this is rich, coming from YOU - Rand Paul on Flynn: "Makes no sense" to investigate fellow Republicans.
#PartyOverCountry - @RandPaul **Opposes** Russia Probe Because Republicans Shouldn't Investigate Republicans.
Because it's fake news
@veganvecoh @rcpvideo And Rand Paul !
Senator Paul -- I have always thought you had great sense. Now I am very disappointed in you.
potus a liar? Letting us down.
You do not gain supporters by calling me "stupid".
You preach congress has to be consulted yet I musta missed YOU calling for a debate on this. Call for a debate....on the senate floor!!
Goddamn Rand Paul you sure do know everything about everything. How about some f-ing humility? You think your every word is a panacea.
you are correct senator .
Yeah his war chanting is becoming scary glad he's not in charge
Trying real hard to get your douchebro card later arent'cha randy
fully agree Arizona should be ashamed voting that thing in again.
I agree.  McCain should retire
Exactly! @SenJohnMcCain needs to retire! All he wants is war not a political solution to Syria
Yes  u r soo fight
Nobody's knows stupidity more than you being at the head of the class.
Shame on you
Rand are 100% right. McCain and Graham and the like are war mongering lunatics that want perpetual war and WW3 if they had the chance.
@realDonaldTrump  I agree! If McCain is on board I worry!! Pres Trump needs to stick with his belief. No Centrist push!
Impeach McCain.
Don't call others stupid when you don't get that "atrocities" don't make this a "Just" response. Stopping the use of Chemical Weapons does.
Obama thinks? No he just took marching orders from Soros.
No more stupid than U blaming SUSAN RICE...
It's not stupidity if your goal is to keep the Ponzi scheme going #petrodollar #centralbanks #israel #pipelines
McCain sucks. No idea how he keeps getting re-elected, I've never met anyone who likes him. He's a fossil. #termlimits #mccainsucks #usa
Talking "Stupidity" a conversation RP fits in real easy with. That's why they let u talk, stop with the grandstanding.
I will believe you, when you start the impeachment proces on Trump, no more words, Mr. PAUL.
NO MORE WORDS, ONLY ACTIONS FROM ALL OF YOU IN WASHINGTON.
After golfing your "smoking gun" comment was stupid. I agree, I was taken back by McCain, but L.Graham said Trump doesn't need approval
Arizona voters try to get rid of .@SenJohnMcCain but Dems keep running fools against him. I think they do it cuz McCain is one of theirs.
Rs need to keep this kind of confrontation behind closed doors. Opposition loves it when we attack each other. It hurts our movement.
Good! Call them out Rand. Get fiery. Get passionate. No more milquetoast. Our Republic is at stake.
Very true Rand! Mccain is a traitor/globalist.
Completely agree.. #TermLimits apply.. He lives in a yesterworld when the evil empire reigned supreme. No further value!!
We just gonna have to pray Senator.
They drop chemicals, we bomb airbase, they bomb town into powder.. nothing changed, I hope Trump stops reacting to emotional daughter&husb
Thank you, Senator Paul!
Take him down Sir ! We need Term limits ASP !!!
#StandWithRand
Thank you so much. I am so tired of McCain. I wonder who owns him?
Yes McCain needs to go!
I used to like you. Now a traitor. We know this all leads to lifting Russian sanctions. We see where it's going.
McCain is a problem that needs to be dealt with. Someone needs to remove him from office
I so agree...
I'll take McCain over you any day #windbag
Sounds like you would allow the gassing of foreign innocents to happen while you watched. Imitating Nero?
Watched with interest your points on FOX News. You came off as a self important politician. Support POTUS.
Will you PLEASE stop diving our party and shut up
#RandPaul2020
McCain is a shill for globalists.  How many donors own this guy.  No respect for him.  He was a terrible presidential candidate as well
Nothing invigorates a man ...makes him feel alive like a full scale war
Bet he was chafing
at the bit with word in early 60s of 'war' in VN
Just stop Senator Paul. You are a Russian puppet.
Trump ordered the hit. He didn't ask your permission. Get over it, it's done, not one damn thing you can do about it.
You are such a do nothing talk talk talk, do your job or get out of the way
I know you want to be president but your not so support the cause negative Nancy
