He's as corrupt as Pitino
You going to get Trump to pardon Cal and Pitino
Never.
Was he there to see the FBI?
Dad makes $90k Mom makes $90k YET #Rand & a gov Funded Paycheck pays 1/2 of #SS medicare Tax than 2 #taxpayers that make $180K,#Fair? #THEFT
Rand u are  o longer a trusted person, u deserted the people
Coach Cal in DC the day after the feds announced investigation into coaches accepting bribes from apparel companies 
Was already scheduled in advanced dummie
Stick to football. 
You all just lost to Texas AM..


Can’t believe you posted this.. wow. I’m going to screen cap it. Incase you delete later after @FBI connects the dots between you & Cal. 
. Hey Mr Rand; no time for socializing. You need to be in Washington passing the HC & Tax Bills. No VACATION til it's DONE MAGA
Good thing it wasn't Pitino you were pictured with
Will he be joining Rick Pitino in the slammer?
Help me go to therr
Will he be fired for bribery in his program? Louisville had problem & Uk doesn't with their "One and done" approach?Fix my healthcare not BB
Lol. Probably spoke to the FBI too...
Both of you are corrupt - Rand Paul the Republican that saved ObamaCare
Did you tell him how much you are helping Kentuckians 
Is he the next Pitino?
Hmmmm. Coach Cal for Governor/Senate?
Figuring out how to get some players a little flash cash?
Nice to c 2 of my favorite KY celebrities together - best senator and basketball coach from our great state of KY
Was Coach Cal stopping by the FBI!!!!!
whens the last time you stood at start of day #pledge, senators that are not present for pledge should not vote that day, #ShowUpForPledge
Hiding
Tax plan to distroy ACA Medicaid Medicare infrastructures 
Impeach Trump Pence
Vote OUT RYAN McConnell ALL GOP Reps sabotaging ACA
Gosh...hope he's not on the FBI list too!!! Will see...
Leave him alone people. Peanuts gallery out again. Always trying to put others down
Saying your goodbyes to one of biggest cheaters in college basketball?
Really bad timing
Need to vote him out next election. He is a trouble maker
Awesome you could use a coach
@Shawn_Farash Rand/Cal 2024
Where do I sign?
FBI on line 2
I bet
I suppose you don't like anything he did today either
Was he there for his FBI interrogation?

Rand received 50k from Democrat firm to vote no on bill . Google Paul scandals. Fake paul getn paid on our suffering
Paul picked up 10k from the coach today . Paul is a fraud but a good salesman
Lol. I'm sure he was at the Hoover building first.
Cool u hang out on our dime.crook
FBI is coming.
Interesting 
It would have been more productive to have had voted "yessss" on ACA!
Is this a shot at Louisville?
Who?
No picture with Pitino?
this tweet isn't going to age well.
I believe that career politicians can't stand to see a business man come in and make a difference
When Coach Cal heard RP was in trouble he came to help; Just so happens, its the wrong RP!
He's greasy
Cuff him. The feds will be by shortly.
Was he at the FBI building?
I hope you showered after he left.
Coach Cal? Totally clean! 
A little close to FBI headquarters
Careful there Rand. Cal may be there to see if you can keep the FBI from looking into his business like it is doing with Pitino 
So this is what you choose to do instead of getting money and aid for #PuertoRico?
Snake
Meanwhile back in Louisville.
Where's Pitino?

Oh ya, never mind.
is Rand still working for the Russians btw?
Was he there to speak with the FBI? 
Coach Cal!!!
The Republicans Who Saved Obamacare WSJ 9/27/17
Can't believe he didn't get caught up in this latest NCAA curfufle
Um. 
KY politics is weird.
Is Cal shivving Pitino in this pic, or is Rand shooting himself in the foot?
Healthcare Healthcare Healthcare ..!!! Promised
Watch what happens in 2018. You already have members not running '18
They rap under the name: The KY Double Douchebags
You're too good to stand next to that scum.
#StandWithRand
Wants you to help get some "tax return" money to recruits?
I'd rather hear about you fixing Healthcare rand
Rand's Obama care repeal/replace vote  is always NO unless it's his bill
Coach Cal might be looking for some backjup after what is going on in College Basketball right now.
bring any shoes?
Try to cash in on some favors??
Awkward timing lol
Hey Rand, have u come out against tax reform yet?
Just a matter of time of . Rand is a self-righteous Democrat you see that makes him better.
Selfishness of republicans. He is perfect example
Despised here in Memphis
waattt______?
Meanwhile, Louisville's burning
Was he subpoenaed or did he turn himself in voluntarily?
What brand of shoes did he pay you to wear?   
Might want to rethink knowing him :)
Running from the FBI?
Is he under investigation by the @FBI too? Or is that just the other school in your state?
You forgot Rick Pitino?  Cardinals is the other Kentucky team!
Quick- What sport does he coach?
depositions already starting?
Just in case...prepare to take this tweet down over the next week or 2 ;)
