Pass healthcare for the many or lose support
Where do you stand on this Jo?
I think Obama opened the door for something great. I think all Americans should have some access to healthcare if they choose.
I'm surprised to hear you say that! But I agree
Why surprised? Is it cause I lean more right on some policies?
Some? 
Jk
Haha. Well I'm proud to say I have agreed with the left and the right on many important issues. I wish others could say same. #aBetterPlace
RT @RandPaul @Jim_Jordan But the lobbyists, Globalists, & crooks don't want a Border Wall & they don't want Obamacare Repealed #USA #ACA
RT @RandPaul @Jim_Jordan @GOP Establishment need to stop selling out #Americans to big Corporations, lobbyists & special interests. #USA
Get the health care bill passed and tweak it later.
They don't have sense enough to tweak... they've had 7 yrs 2 work out. They hv all 3 branches and STILL cave 2 Dimms
I find it irrational that they are so scared of the Dems.  The Repubs need to gather their spines, stop caving & get 'er done!
Sir, I have sent a proposed bill to expand home ownership for America's middle class to Rep. Scott Taylor. I think you'd approve of it. 
RT @RandPaul @Jim_Jordan We elected you to wipe out cronyism, corporatism, lobbyists, crooks & spec. interests. #FullRepeal #ACA #USA #AHCA
RT @RandPaul @Jim_Jordan Politicians were elected to serve The #American People/voters; Not to be bought off by Corps.& lobbyists. #USA #ACA
Showing his true face
God bless you senator !!!
#RandPaul2024
RT @RandPaul @Jim_Jordan Please notify the @GOP & #Congress that the days of politicians being paid off by Corps./lobbyists is over. #USA
@SenAlexander @SenBobCorker if we are going to bailout insurance companies just keep Obamacare and admit @GOP candidates lied for election.
You're  Done!
Will you run as an Independent in 2020 as President?  If not, why not?
Yes! Collusion is hard work that is earned. Constitution gives freedom to collude, I am told.  There is no collusion, but if there were.
treason in the white house what are you doing about it https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q5LftyJmNtA …
Keep up the good fight Senator Paul, God bless you!
Crony obstructionism is worse.  you are acting like a petulant child who did not get her way! Don't be jerk! It is NOT about you! #MAGA
@SenateMajLdr needs to learn about Crony Capitalism! He refuses to lead the party and sits back when Americans demand a FULL REPEAL!
23 million losing insurance,13 million Caucasians, 2 Trillion in cuts. Reagan  only took 1 TRILLION . IT
Full Repeal! No compromise for democRATs
Why cut just Medicaid (the poor)? Why not also cut Medicare (rich, average and poor) if we are budget-minded? Tax cuts for the rich?
Medicaid should be spent at the state level not the federal level. Does that mean I want to kill people? No
No prob w that. There will be $800 billion less over 10 year, I believe. And the number of people needing Medicaid will grow w country pop.
Why does BCRA focus on the poor only? Why not focus on Medicare as well? Seems like tax cuts for rich, benefit cuts for poor.
Your a doctor time to look @ FDC if you want to help healthcare in this country
I have to agree with you on this one.  But isn't that what politics are all about these days? I am talking about BOTH sides of the fence.
if the republicans pass this monstrosity I will leave the party they were all for repeal when they knew Obama would veto. Cowards
If you refuse to compromise, we will end up with socialized medicine!! Compromise!!!!!!
That seems to make total sense. IC's need to look at the total profit not the individual parts. Don't subsidize. Thanks for explaining.
Do your part by getting off your High Horse and vote for the Health Care...
2020 is the Year of the Conservative. You will be the Conservative 3rd party that will shock the world.
Stay strong, Senator! Don't be discouraged. Stay tactful. Keep the fight.
Yet U supported #Obama #Cuba policy of trafficking in stolen US property. It's politically sanctioned and protected organized crime
Well stated. Press on there are millions who agree!
Thank You for standing strong and keeping your promise.
DO THE RIGHT THING! VOTE WITH YOUR PARTY!
Keep up the great work Sir!
then why the poste office is no longer on trians and men like my fahter are no longer going ot the moon,and a imposter in the white house,
Well trumpcare isn't freedom.  It doesn't even solve any problems!
Yea we have

Working together
Not a right. It's a privilege
Something to review:  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Health_system#International_comparisons …
Repeal & replace was promised. $16,000K premium & deductible + 40% copay on Obama bronze plan. Crushes budget on fixed income
Also what made America great was not having career politicians.
Get busy making new healthcare plans. We have mandates in place that aren't going to vote their selves away.
Dig in. No finger pointing!
Many people don't realize what America was.
@politicalelle  American politics is where socialists & counterfeit capitalists go 2get special benefits at their neighbors' expense
#CORRUPTION begins not with lobbyists pleading 4 special favors but with pols willing 2 grant them @ others expense
So are you going to do anything about the fact that the only startup at Kushner's Tech council was his brother?  Or is this not 'crony' enuf
Most GOP senators are just as much in the $$$$'s lobbyist tank as Democrats. Selfish greed is their reason for politics #MAGA @POTUS
I agree with your stance on this "Obamacare light" healthcare proposal. Thank you for having the back bone to stand against it.
Can coal rescue the US? Maybe? Clean Coal? Maybe. Solar and wind are getting cheaper everyday. If Fusion becomes reality? Coal is dead.
And or clean nuclear. Nobody here seems to know about LFTR reactors. Chinese are building them. USA made the first one operational in 1954
You will vote for it .
U would know 
Thank you for standing up for Americans
If you spend some money up front to help the people (not ins. Co) transition to free market and skip recess God will be with you
Govt control of our health is insane!
If we don't do this now we will lose to a socialist/democrat and who knows we may have civil war
The US is supposed to be a Meritocracy, but cronyism & "affirmative action" are elevating the wrong people into positions of power over US!
ObamaCare gave them a bailout. Now Republicans are doing the same? #GetGovernmentOutOfHealthCare
you Suck! Vote for #healthcare Replacement bill or we will never get Rid of it!!!
Not on topic, but please withdraw funds for NPR!
Yes and we have the FREEDOM not to elect you next term. Support the majority of your party
Filibuster the bill!!!

Should Republicans and Independants who do Not Repeal and Replace Obama Care be Voted Out at Earliest Opportunity?
Crony capitalism? Can you say that with a straight face with that gang of Russian moles in the WH? They are writing the book! #bipolarPOTUS
@perlmutations, I think we all can stand with and for what he stands for. Let's find Ppl that stand for all Americans
#SCUMBAG
Mitch McConnell, John McCain and Lindseed Graham all promised to support "full" repeal. I saw the clips!
#StandWithRand
You are WORST than the Democrats. At least they have a good reason to reject the GOP healthcare bill. Your ONLY reason is your ego.
WE WILL NOT FORGET YOU PREVENTING OUR PRESIDENT TRYING TO CARRY OUT HIS PROMISE TO US.
Anti American POS
What do you think of Cruz amendment?
YOU WILL  LOVE CHUCKY SCHMUCKY AS YOUR LEADER I SENATE..REALLY?? ARE YOU MAD!??...GLAD YER NOT IN MY FOX HOLE OR TEAM.LOSER FANITIC
Why are you lecturing US on cronyism?  It's YOU YOU are at fault!!!!  The GOP created the possibility of a Donald Trump.  Look in the mirror
Government Over-Sight has to begin. Let's investigate the batch of them. Why does a Medical Procedure cost more/less from town to town
To change the Health Care System you are going to have to start at the beginning. Doctors, Hospitals, Pharmaceutical and Insurance Companies
We are a pendulum! "Poor" people to "rich" people. What about the working people?!
Never thought I would agree with you Rand. The Government needs to get out of the Health Biz.
Crony capitalism is nothing more than socialism with a little lipstick.
Watching all of You in Congress like a bug under a microscope! those who show greed or disappoint will be campaigned Against!   nuf said!
Your 100% correct, the senate voted to repeal before, why not now? Lobbyist payoffs?
Promise a Vote yes on the repeal, but do a RandPaul clause that says if any aspect of Obamacare still exists in 3 years voids the new plan
No it isn't right! Chase down and hang the traitors. And what are YOU, who is reading this, doing about it? http://yournewswire.com/cia-911-wtc7/ 
Replace Paul Ryan as GOP leader
Thanks for the single-payer healthcare we're going to get when this bill fails.  Thanks, FOR NOTHING!
Why did the senate exempt its own coverage ?
This I would like to know as well?????
You got it right crony capitalism... does anyone is dc have a backbone to do the right thing besides Rand Paul?
GO to the fight! Laws for me and not for THEE, WE the People! Tell the states to refuse enforcing Fed Insurance Plan . States can do better.
thanks for your steadfast resistance to the terrible HC bill.
Until the insurance companies and Big Pharmaceutical companies are reigned in no meaningful health care reform will occur.
YES .. 
@POTUS CARE'S LESS ABOUT AMERICAN'S ..
So proud you are my Senator.
Stop grandstanding....whip gop vote on hcare
Apparently it's a left AND a right.
Once a #RandGirl, always a #RandGirl. As a Michigander, thank you for everything you do  #StillRanding #AlwaysRanding
It's good to have ideals but in the end if you can't make any improvements you are wasting your time. You should seek another way to help.
Yo Rand, from Native American genocide to Black slavery, Jim Crow, and continuing racism and bigotry, The US was never either free or great.
Of course you do feel we have the freedom to die because of lack of medical care, so I'll give you that one.
Endorse an Article 5 Convention of States @COSProject
So right, American's have been left behind and political parties are more worried about illegals.
If you cared about freedom you would be speaking out against Russian involvement in the Executive Branch.
Russian here, Russian there ... Have U ever seen a Russian? 

NHL match is a good place to see some. 
Why are you so stubborn like your father? Get this health care passed and then make it better.
Yeah but this is the do nothing Senate. Your supporters are getting impatient and fed up.
Full repeal of Obamacare as promised!  Nothing less!
U want 2 b the only industrialized nation in the world that doesn't provide HC but policy rampantly benefits the 1%- US =most corrupt ion
Thank you Sir  To Protect us
None of this occurs with #FullRepeal & replace with Fee for Service model.
Funny, what made America great for you was gratefulness of rich campaign donors that got tax breaks/special favors from Congress
agree yes freedom 
So why the @GOP sell out on Obamacare lite? Sold out the American people - at what cost? What is the going $$ rate for a Senator? Shameful.
But he cab let the rest know about selling out. Right?
Dump obamacare it's an embarrassment, a chain around the necks of hardworking people. @SenateGOP @SenateDems
Nancy every industrialized nation in the world provides HC for its hardworking people except ours - in US tax $ goes to make rich richer
Single payer systems give government control over the people. Just look at what the U.K. government has done to Charlie
Impeach Kushner now
You seem to have a one track mind! That has nothing to do with this article.
Because of Rand Paul, we may very well end up with Obamacare forever.
Why don't you have single payer and be done with insurance companies?
U need to take Mitch McConnell's job
not capitalism. just cronyism.

The more I see who you are I like what I see and hear from you sir
Repeal repeal repeal repeal forget replace government needs to stay out of my familys health care period
