Winning never gets old 
And the plants goig to Mexico and China? Is that winning?
Not going to prevent all offshoring - but this President has done more to create jobs in 1st 6 months than BO did in 8 yrs.
In no world. Jobs don't happen in 6 months. He takes credit for stuff that was in the works for years...it's been proven time and again
You're obviously not in sales dude.  He who closes the deal is the one that gets the credit.  Sorry that's how the real world works.
Paul Senate must repeal Obamacare. Help us get it done
Yea! Let's make the insurers richer by letting them insure only those working. Pay all your life then get sick & can't work,too bad. #Racket
How about some jobs in renewable energy?
Renewable energy jobs are not sustainable without stealing from the taxpayer.
Here's an example. In fact most government created jobs destroy wealth.
I'm unclear as to how this shows the destruction of wealth? Even with the failed loans, many companies are maturing well.
Maturing? If it needs a subsidy it can't survive sustainably in a market. If real investors aren't willing to front money, it's a bad risk.
#StandWithRand
How about he move of jobs from Mexico to China?
What about the Ford Focus jobs that are going to China??
Yess!!
#Gullible #Tool of the #ConservativeElites Real Americans don't sacrifice our Country for a #ConMan
RIP affordable compacts efficient production in Mexixo
When are you or anyone else going to help Harlan County.  We are definitely the forgotten people!!
FORD IS BEING FORCED TO manufacture  in CHINA.  SO TRUMP & Co. Can profit 
The State of KY has experienced a boom in healthcare jobs since the inception of (Obama care). McConnell & Paul have jobs will u?
#MAGA
they r just wanting that tax cut to put on their bottom line or savings acct. GET REAL PAUL
For the complainers, ask yourself why manufacturing so expensive in the US?  It should be dirt cheap in a "free" country. Maybe not so free.
Not happy about the China ones though for FOCUS plant? Seems a bit disingenuous?
Like POTUS said, President Xi tried so hard in Korea. He deserves the Focus plant and many many other gifts. Also, thanks for trademarks!
They are pulling out, where in the hell have you all and the president been? Trump is just now saying he JUST now heard about Russia..FIX IT
You actually care about someone other than yourself
Not surprising that you confuse Kentucky with China. Map reading is an acquired skill. Isn't is exhausting to be so fundamentally dishonest?
Keep up the hard work Senator!
Thought they were going to China?? GOP reframing again..
Pretty sure that "secured" means "retained", not "added". Clever wording meant to mislead.
Yeah. Without a union.
STOP THIS AHCA.. GET with US!! not against the american People! RAND!!!
Tell @Ford to build, sell Ranger PU in USA  already! So frustrating to see Rangers in Mexico but not US.  Had to buy Toyota til then.
You didn't seem to mention this, even though these jobs were decided under obama administration tenure,except obama never bragged just did +
@JudicialWatch @foxnation @realDonaldTrump - Does Hrc & BHO & Aides still have security clearance. ? Comey. & Lynch too ?
Trump has CLEARLY violated the 1st Amendment by banning the press from using recording devices... this presidency is over !
Thank you Trump now do something for him
Thank Trump for that.  Now help him push his America first agenda!
Why is that? You looking for a new job?
Would be more impressive if they weren't sending 5 times more jobs to China. But it's fine... I'm sick of winning anyway. #Ford #China #Jobs
Now if we could get taxes and Health care done we could start on the wall
And that's what you need to continue standing up for tromp and quite with  your nonsense
To the leftist #NutJobs: Ford is not moving all operations to China. Only the Focus platform is being moved. A business decision by Ford.
Rand keep working you are a man of the people
#Gullible #Tool of the #ConservativeElites Real Americans don't sacrifice our Country for a #ConMan
but making the focus in China!
Some questions on why they're sending the Focus platform to China some reports say. ?
How can they fit with all those clean coal miners running around?
Ford is also going to open plant in China instead of Mexico and USA .  How many jobs will USA lose! @RandPaul
High end... high margins...

We need to solve the riddle of employing US workers to build affordable mass production  vehicles.
If you're going to reap the rewards of the administration, jump on the train and pipe it.

#Gullible #Tool of the #ConservativeElites Real Americans don't sacrifice our Country for a #ConMan
You mean like when Trump illegally obtained Special Access Program Classified documents and sold them to a foreign government?
Some Ford Will Make in here
Congrats 
About 1k at max, parts will be sourced from China, not the US
Operationally fit is code for fewer jobs overall. You can't lower costs (and raise dividends) by hiring more people. Econ 101
Great news!  #MAGA
But in Kansas they are laying 1000's off humm I guess it's not your state who cares well I do my husband is 1 of them LAYED OFF
I bet you are! I'm sure not thrilled that the Republican Party isn't getting anything done! Stick together and do what the people want!
Is Kentucky code for China now?
.@1choice #TRUMPSTRONG President Trump brought Ford jobs to Kentucky. Not Ford.  #TRUMPSTRONG
Lies. Stop sacrificing US to a #ConMan
MAGA
Lies. Stop sacrificing US to a #ConMan
Glad to see you and @Potus doing great things for this country!
Have you found the Senate healthcare bill yet?
But moving factory to China......
