I don't agree with Obama Care but feel that medicine needs to be above the limited role of capitalism. Our medicine needs profound reform.
I'd support ways better at allocating scarce resources than capitalism, but not aware of any. Political allocation & cronyism surely not it.
It's simple: we need supplemented capitalism, or neo-capitalism, capitalism with a social safety net. Change, but no massive re-distribution
Agree with the sentiment. Safety nets sound good. Experience tells me it's unlikely to be simple though. Safety nets easily become hammocks.
for profit healthcare will always be about profit for the CEO"s and shareholders. it's for profit, not for our well being.
Every good and service we consume in a voluntary market is incentivized by profit, including the devices we're using to tweet here.
to repeat, nothing is perfect.  I wait months to see specialist here in the USA> I want my tax dollars to help give everyone basic care
Medicine is regulated insanely heavily. This creates untold market distortions.
We want medicine to be regulated, so they test before we use it.
Just say that you want America to be every man for himself, and stop pretending to give a shit about all of the people.
Because the only way you can help your fellow man is through force of law or at gunpoint?
I am a single 61 year old male. Obamacare forces me to purchase pediatric dental care.
And I'm a 32 year old that is forced to pay for medicare, so what's your point?
The point is you shouldn't be either.
It's called civil society. When everyone pulls their own wait we move forward, but when everyone complains about pulling we don't.
Civil society is not built on stealing.  And since when is forcing someone else to pay for you 'pulling their own weight'?
That's just it, it's a principle difference. You see it as been forced to pay, I see it as doing my civil duty.
can we please get serious about national healthcare.
@Rand Paul, Aren't you embarrassed to call yourself a doctor.
the photo is very odd. who are you pandering to??
Senator, I long for the day when Medicaid and Medicare are ceased as federal programs and Kentucky is left to its own devices. Good luck!
Kentucky is one of the poorest states in the Nation. Its citizens depend largely on Federal programs. That would not be beneficial.
I think that’s the point he’s making. All the people who are against the ACA and Medicare/medicaid are the ones who benefit the most form it
Coolio.
Trump is relentlessly using state power to coerce/compel citizens into public displays of anthem pageantry. Any comment Mr. Civil Liberty?
How dare you? SELLOUT
But you endorse Moore who would force his religious views on people? Hypocrite and liar. What you mean is freedom for poor people to die.
So when do I get the benefit of your deal with @POTUS ?
I'm laughing my ass off because the Dems and GOP just came up with a fix for your deplorable executive order! You &trump r biggest losers!
Then where's your health care plan? You want to stop what the Pres. wants-BC you want to run for Pres. in 2020-And use it against him-Bad!!!
Into the valley of Death 
   Rode the six hundred.
#TakeAKneeNFL
Black lives don't do prison labor or military service for rand Paul, trump,Bannon
Trump wants black lives to die for mercer Bannon's Rights in foreign wars
GOP is Isis
Deny rand Paul healthcare
Dud Trump kiss your enough for this crap your trying to fool people with
It’s slow death for the majority of Americans who were protected by Obamacare. America is going to face reality.
Heart disease is the leading cause of death among women in the U.S.  Battling this requires real healthcare without limits.
We need WeThePeopleFreedomCare.
This is not a good article to base your argument on. NY Times discussion of Trump's executive order taken completely out of context.
Once the #Government  controls your #Healthcare , it can mandate treatment you don't want, deny care, and ultimately decide to kill you.
Said the idiot from Kentucky
Give 9 million the freedom to only get shitty healthcare for being poor, then to get denied for being sick?

"But Obamacare is tyranny!" Lol
If it's that bad; why hasn't your lot repealed it? #Accountability
That would demand the repeal of 100% of ALL federal government action.
Stay on point.
1.  My premiums have gone up 38% annually for 3 consecutive years.  Down to 1 insurance Co. in my county.  Waiting 5 months to get my
2.  Daughter to be refer out for surgery.  I would love to impose the same  on all the politicians there in DC.  Give you guys a taste of
The Obamacare  you imposed on me and my kids
Or your path which is to do nothing and hide.
Excellent analysis
Freedom!!!
So purposely sabotaging the ACA is a good thing? Look at this graph/map! You LIAR!
Jesus, ur a physician!?!? U should have your license revoked.
Y u chose to “represent” people as a career is a complete mystery.
U r LITERALLY condoning the abandonment of people bc they’re sick?! U only represent the healthy? That is what I call sick.
Rand Paul applauds EO that hurts everyone!  http://www.msnbc.com/rachel-maddow-show/even-republicans-arent-happy-trumps-health-care-gambit …
Pretty sure the main purpose of ACA was healthcare for all, a big enough agenda itself.
wow. so much melodrama with paranoid Ocare supporters screaming that the sky is falling.  SMH.
Name one place where the free market system has lead to great healthcare. Also your medical license needs to be revoked.
 flowing out of 2 to 3 generations & when we tapped out, sell all to qualify 4 Medicaid? @realDonaldTrump Thank you 4 stopping OCare!
Apparently after the weekends golf outing you can both be bought and bullied into supporting #trumpcare
Really? The ACA was put in place because the first, after decades, did not work.
These 4 of Trumps original 7 reforms are the only way forward via negotiation with Democrats


Then don't coerce people to stand for the national anthem when they don't want to.  Anyhow, back to health insurance reform.....
“[T]hey believe that they may seize my property simply because they need it – well, so does any burglar.”
”There is only this difference: the burglar does not ask me to sanction his act.”
Good luck with this one. You, your party and your president have gutted the ACA. It is now “Trumpcare” and you own it!!!
I live in PA, ACA sucks and no one I know wants the high premiums or high deductible Even state workers,their insurance plans changed 3-4 xs
I believe the free market is ultimately the best way however humans are not commodities. Stop pushing out reckless garbage
Your so full of shit. I can't wait to vote for your opponent.
An entire generation lost to deceitful lies all due to the Republican agenda that will end these United States
Thinking that the citizens don't know goptp worked to make OUR healthcare fail.
Attempts to give us a bad bad plan now to force cuts/citizens off of healthcare..Your disgusting
We want then1% to pay their fair share. Instead of punishing the middle and poor answer WHY we still  pay Oil and Gas subsidies? Why do we pay 37% as middle-class and our son 29 pays 27 %.
Republicans are crooked
There isn't anything that the GOP has brought the United States that has been beneficial for the United States
Fake news
The Congress should have repealed Obamacare.
GOP and you got nothing burgers 
It always amazes me how libertarians don't like something like the ACA until they need it. Funny how none of them live off the grid either!
And only morons think insurance works when you allow people to opt out! It will never work unless you are the elite and the 1%!
Rand Paul is a douc_e. I have hope he gets the best of everything coming. These repugs have no concern for voters. Their spines are missing
LIAR! This executive order will allow insurance companies to sell shitty plans again, will push people out, drive price up an add 2 deficit
ObamaCare policies are the very definition of shitty - and at a premium price we are all forced to pay.
And you think you are convincing and creative. quel rigolo.
Please go on Kimmell and explain how markets work.0
Nice job on the healthcare bill now let's hope Congress has the American people's best interest in mind
I paid insurance from time 20 yrs and barely used until older. That is why everyone can afford. I agree pick your deductible but must cover!
Everyone thinks they will be healthy until ill. People choosing low  or no coverage find out the hard way . Who then pays? All of us !
Do you have a care about how this country wants THEIR tax money spent?  Not on a bloated military but on healthcare.
I wish that u truly were a physician with empathy. No wonder you are not practicing! Your ability = your heart- MIA
Insurance = paying for being healthy. If u don't want to pay for sick people, don't have insurance based health care system. #singlepayer
Oh @RandPaul you know better. U & ur @GOP sabotaged it frm the beginning. Plus it's ruled by insurance co's & now giving em more power.
RETAIL cost of drug SHOULD be SAME 4 ALL/If varying pharmacy’s overhead higher U can shop elsewhere BUT NOT B allowed 2 vary RETAIL cost.FIX
Also the unconstitutional and illegal subsidies.
Senator Rand. Keep fighting the good fight. Obozo care is extortion. Nothing more.
Medicare not allowed 2negotiate drug costs/2 subsidize Medicaid/Vets/A discrimination law that needs 2 be repealed!Pharm Co getting RICH-FIX
You own this steaming EO that will cause millions to suffer and no one will ever let you forget it.  Repugnant, deplorable tick
Partisan hack. Servile lap dog
....and yet congress enjoys a great government health insurance plan???
Ins Admins dictates WHAT is medically necessary/Overrides doctors prescribed care-possibly causing more/worse illness-How’s that legal? FIX!
ACA sustained by midclass premiums-If they get 2 point they pay 1 yearly penalty/Not unaffordable monthly prems ACA IS DEAD-TELL DEMS THAT!
Show me where there has ever been a free market solution to healthcare. There is none.
Thank you Senator Paul! Just to see you stand behind our president really means a lot.
He's going to continue to stand behind him when he's right and in front of him when he's wrong. It's called principles.
Principles?
Insurance is coercion. The much touted "reason" of libertarianism should lead you to lambaste insurance. What up?
Insurance is coercion only if you are forced to buy it, & if you have no choice in the content/coverage of the policy - you have ObamaCare.
Explain how "Pay now or pay later" differs from "Pay now or pay later".
I like this article. Please provide an answer to the question of “What is the plan for the poor who get sick now?”
This is same obvious principle as raising mini wage hurts very people they claim they wanted to help
So basically ran Paul is saying if you can't get it done with a pen use a gun
Rand Paul does not tell the truth
You finally became one of trump a$$ ki$$ers,  just to go the White House with a grab the pu$$y president.
You and Your parity have hurt the United States with your policies
Intellectually dishonest.
Why am I coerced into paying for National Defense. I want freedom of choice.
Leftists will stop at nothing to force their ideology on us. Undoing their perfidy is very difficult, and the nation must be patient.
It's become almost impossible to speak on these matters as they keep spouting condescending tones and haranguing the values libertarianism.
I don't understand why everybody doesn't get this. It was how I was raised. It's just good common sense
So we should be able to choose if we wanted to educate our kids or not? We should be able to choose where our tax money goes?Give me a break
This article might have more impact if it wasn't from a group that takes money from the Koch Bros. #LibertarianSellOuts #KochBroHo #NoSoul4u
Medicare plans offered by Progressive agents w/variable deductible/copays/contract length,nationwide pools, all possible under Trumps EO!
@ASlavitt this is an article that might help you understand why the ACA sucks.
Excellent article, thanks for sharing.
@vtdigger @EAIVT @GovMikeHuckabee @GovPhilScott Jonathon Gruber's intellectual assault on VTer's cost US $450,000! It's payback w/ @POTUS EO
Are you now ready for single payer?
This was my main beef since the beginning:

"... anyone trying to live a healthy lifestyle required to cough up for those who do not."
Aside from the scandalous premiums.
How do you account for the fact that the HC system you support is not very cost effective?
@MVPHealthCare @BCBSAssociation @USAA ACA has a bd of regulators that are immune to medical malpractice! ACA's impunity protects corruptness
You can't just use the same buzz words you've been using for decades, throw them in a sentence and expect it to just make sense.
Article does a great job of simply explaining the economic reality of ACA and how the EO will aid and freeing up the market. Don't ignore!
Ahh so threatening millions is the path? I’m betting you don’t look in the mirror often do you Senator?
At long last, the sick, injured and poor will have some federalism to take the edge off.
Paul screws Americans
Simply lies and propaganda. Insurance functions when pools are broad and diverse. Just libertarian garbage!
Either way, taxpayers lose.If the young and healthy don't join pools,large group of people get gouged for healthcare and young use costlyERs
As a neurosurgeon,I saw this often with kids and with young head trauma and brain injury patients.Taxpayers,caregivers,pick up lifelong care
#StandWithRand
"Freedom that negatively affects others is when the first becomes the second.
Americans know ACA needs reform.The division @GOP creates is the http://problem.Work  bipartisan on real fixes. #regularorder
Rand Pauls statement on ACA is a Canard something that appears true but is not
Rand Paul is now officially a liar and will do or say anything to make sure you and I never have health insurance and that profits reign
@SenateGOP @GOP Since you know that ACA has problems, FIX ACA and SHUT UP.
Millions have health care so let’s go back so that they will loose health care ?
Coercion is a word liberals can't pronounce or know the meaning of
CUT MY TAXES YOU SQUIRREL. WHO GIVES ABOUT HEALTHCARE, I'VE GOT MINE.
I read the article - it is as myopic as you are.  
Remember:
Capitalism exploits the many to profit the few.  Ayn Rand sucks.  #collectivism
Paul & overwhelming majority of G.O.P have starved ACA for 8 years. Instead of correcting issues, they do this...
GOD BLESS OUR GREAT SENATOR @RandPaul & OUR GREAT @POTUS @realDonaldTrump ♰
U r assuming IPAs think it’s in their financial interest to invest money in unknown market w/uneven demand(rural). econ101, says they won’t
Paul & overwhelming majority of G.O.P have starved ACA for 7 years. Instead of correcting issues, they do this...
After 2rounds of 18, U sing that song?  #DontWorryTheFedsKnowAboutThe $ #SoldOutTheUSA4USSR $ #ThievesLIE @GOP #TRAITOR #TaxReform #Comrade
Thank you Senator Rand Paul. I hope one day you run and become President of The United States 
Haha. lol. He has a gun, and we did nothing after Las Vegas.

Naive at best. (I would be much more free not to have to pay taxes or follow laws I don't like). And that visual is comically off point.
Allowing Health care to overcharge customers and refuse service isn't freedom. You are just making us slaves. The opposite of freedom.
Paul & overwhelming majority of G.O.P have starved ACA for 8 years. Instead of correcting issues, they do this...
@fox43 start reporting the truth about Obamacare & quit cherry picking & reporting lies from Pelosi & Schumer.
Sloboda nije gratis, mnogo ona nas izkošta
ye
