@BullishOpinion @Rare ...which is why it is the onus of the intelligent to change things at the level of the Jury.
Senator please don't get rid of ACA without a realistic replacement! After 36 yrs of Critical Care nursing,
I'm a liberal Democratic and I have to say THANK YOU I know you don't like OC but you stood by American not politics!
What is wrong with YOU! You are wrong have no documentation to support ur outrageous statement.
sadly this is what the R party stands for these days - more spending and bigger government. Thanks for standing against it
If you guys F*€k this up for us...you haven't seen a riot and demonstration like the one ur about to..Empires have fallen
Thank you Senator for being the first @SenateGOP  I didn't want to punch in the face today. We expect more.
Thank ya man, gotta say you're easily one of my favorite Senators(coming from a dem)
Now that is discouraging, but not unexpected. Thank you for your good sense and leadership.
I now have 4 ruptured discs, 5 buldginv discs, severe knee arthritis, Chronic IBS.and more.
I am liberal & don't agree w/ you on many things, but I like that you are showing some principles here, unlike most of the @GOP.
@alllibertynews @Rare we'll help DT so things can change. They are trying to pile up on him now!
If you want to reduce the debt, why won't you vote for the rule change to repeal #obamacare using budget recon w/51 votes?! @RandPaul
Saw u on Cavuto. Keep standing! Even if the Sen doesn't support u, the people do! Disappointed in my Sen, Cruz!
Thanks for standing up.
Because THEY are the same ...
I'm still believing one day you'll be our president. Our first COMMON SENSE President. Thanks for serving, sir. God bless...
great job!
Thank you for standing up for Kentuckians!
And the fees should be consistent w income. Don't remove the mandate, or the preexisting condition clause
The ACA kept me going for 1.5 yrs with $160 a mo and a deductible of $2230. I know some people pay more.
thank you
Rand Paul 2020 #ClearvisionforAmerica
I remember what happened after all of our CFA wins in 1994-96. Overnight, Fed spending spiraled out of control.
u should've won man

CUT IT OUT RAND, U KNOW AS LONG AS THE CURRENT MONETARY POLICIES WE HAVE IN PLACE, DEBT WILL ALWAYS BE ADDED.
OH so let's continue on the same endless path huh NOT!!!!
my main man Rand.
And get them to vote on ONE THING AT A TIME!
No tacking on this and that balony that is really a BRIBE for desenters
What happened to the rule that all bills/amendments had to show how they would be funded- and not on 'the charge card'?
Good job. Finally we are starting to see some conservatives that put county over party. @SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC
thank you for the discipline & self control @SenTedCruz what is your position on this spending??
Thank you!
THE MORE WE LEARN, THE MORE WE FIND OUT HOW MUCH WE DONT YET KNOW
Ayup!
@UN @RandPaul What's not to like about ponzi scheming criminal unaudited @federalreserve rep @speakerryan & @gop $9.7T dollar blank checks?
Good for you @RandPaul @Rare Good for having courage & integrity! Don't back down from challenging even your Repub colleagues.
Please keep blasting through the hateful stupidity. Thank you.
Why can't you discuss the questions in caucus instead of grandstanding everything you do?  You have good ideas but bad execution!
@KissThePaw @Rare fight the good fight brother
as a democrat y our not my #1 But still your my senator!  But honestly thank you! Kentuckians will remember #usnotthem
Keep fighting for us...more debt just to take away healthcare? Let's fix it and make it better!!
so, you're in favor of insurance companies being able to deny children with pre-existing conditions?
I am glad you are sticking up for Obamacare, it needs an overhaul but not done away with completely
R's primary goal is to Abolish ACA. Instead of saving Taxpayer's dollars fixing ACA. Marsha B. poll proved R's are WRONG
is a kooky little fellow but damn if I don't like the guy.
$10 trn = $30,675 for each man, woman, & child in this country. I'm pretty sure that isn't hiding under your couch cushions.
I am a lifelong Dem, but you have always seemed to be the voice of reason in the GOP. I want to keep my ACA. Please help!
U didn't knw going 2take a lot of  2get back on track no backing dwn  now need 2go aft the other nations we take care of
I hope you stick to your principles and fight the good fight against an @GOP run a muck.
Do not take healthcare away from those miners!
#StandWithRand he will always do the right thing n tell u the truth n provide the correct pathway always 4 Liberty #SWR!
Keep it up
Well I'll be double damned.  Who knew you still had a conscience.
Is Rand going to be the Justice Kennedy of the Senate? @RandPaul @Rare
Rand youre the man. Keep doing what you do and people will finally understand actual conservatism.
Imagine if u humbled urself enough to meet Trump half-way, maybe even become an ally, because Trump supporters want real cuts too
looking at all the potential GoldmanSachs appointments we're headed to recession & bailout again. Middle class & country loses.
Thankyou Rand for blasting the other republicans on the budget crisis! 9.7 Trillion dollar debt.Cut spending and balance budget!!
there is no party of small government :(
you should be the President America doesn't deserve you. Thank you for all you do
Hats off to you Senator for doing the right thing. Please keep fighting for fiscal responsibility, even if the GOP won't.
yupp
Thank you...
the problem is GOP "leadership" in Congress. You should have supported @MattBevin for Senate in 2014.
@realDonaldTrump The first week and this is the real Republican Party. 8 years Republicans have beat democrats up. SO SAD!!!
remember when you could walk into the bank and say I'm just going to spend 9.7 trillion? Wait we cant but gov thinks it can!
Thank you for opposition to deficit spending. If you can balance the budget without touching Social Security I am in.
I support the current Republican dominance in our capital. I sincerely wish your quest for less government prevails.
Thank you for being honest. Please continue to oppose.
Democracy, The God That Failed
The same way you opposed Obama's Trillion that went to pay the Elite their bonuses?
This is part of the swamp that needs drained
so @RandPaul will fight to keep Obamacare by keeping 60 vote rule instead of 51 vote budget reconciliation rule it passed by
think they need you to lead the new "DEMOCRATIC PARTY" that is 'all inclusive'.
KY is fortunate to have a senator who votes for and represents the values for which he was elected,regardless of party affiliation
Mr Paul, if want to do something meaningful w the rest of your life,#1 use your power to save our country  from Trump.
he wants to crush the poorest among us and strip our freedoms and liberty. FREEDOM OF SPEECH RELIGION & PRESS must be preserved.
Godspeed.
keep fighting for #US
thank you for being the voice of reason on our behalf. Keep fighting the good fight.
I'm a NY'r & Bernie style Dem, raised by Republicans & I appreciate your commitment to what are now seemingly lost Conservative principles.
thanks for doing what everyone in Washington should but refuses to. Need more like you there!
.GOP is turning on itself They are Imploding. At least those that didn't vote for Donny Dangerous saw it coming. RESIST
have you considered the possibility that a government of nonstakeholders makes this sort of behavior inevitable?
@justinamash
@RonPaul
@GovPenceIN
@realDonaldTrump
good for you for standing up to your own party
Thank you Rand
You're doing God's work, Senator. Keep it up. We are counting on you.
#IStandWithRand Balance the damn budget already! 
That's what I've been saying.
It should of been Rand and Bernie representing each party but the media screwed everything up.
