You haven't so far and legislation to benefit the "Dreamers" show no concern for Americans either. @GOP well answer to the voters.
I don't often agree with Senator Paul but in this particular case I do. I've grown tired of sending our children to die for corp. profits.
Same here man. I'm a progressive lefty. I voted for his dad in 2012 though. He's great just like Ron on issues of war & peace, which matter
greatly.
"offensive" Military leaves us Open for a attack and gives the opposition a reason for their attack hence making us look like the bad guy!
Not just look like, it makes the US or anyone doing it the bad guy.
Right! Amen
So true
Ol, Paul Rand, still trying to get ATTENTION. What a Fool. He needs to get out of Politics. Get a New GOP Senator to replace him. Period
Rand You are Great. But..... @SenateGOP @HouseGOP can't seem to get a damn thing done. It is pissing us Americans who VOTED for u all off!
Sadly, the answer is no from 61 Senators.
Bush had a lawyer find a way to make it where he could declare war solely himself. This needs to be changed. 
Didnt like it then
Or now.
@ladydshops 
me thinks those days are probably behind us
Thank you for your service & TRULY fight for the rights of the people fight for our constitution & sovereignty of our great nation!
I crossed party lines to vote for @RandPaul. I wouldn't cross the street to vote for Mitch McConnell or the Dems who voted to kill amend
I doubt it. There's a pretty poor track record of that amongst your colleagues, on both sides of the aisle. Ask @SenBobCorker. #IranNukes
Those who don't should be tried 4treason,as we are in a time of war,We The People Are Sick Of the non law abiding government bodies elected.
Every single Senator will be held accountable or held in high esteem. The choice is theirs to make.
#StandWithRand
Rule of law?? They have no idea what that is. They stand for "rule of money"  into their pockets
We need #justlaws
Stop the banker's wars, based on lies and deceit. No more wars!  Lucifer loves wars and death. Peace, brothers and sisters.
Why would they start now? They're too busy trying to thwart President Trump.
The lawlessness will further the illegitimacy of congress and proves,  for whom they serve.
No. Not until most of them are "primaried out" next year.
They like wars. It makes their buddies rich.
Ha, uh yeah, good luck with that since most are liberal Dems and RINOs.
Nope.
totally agree with you Senator Paul. We need 99 more of you in the Senate
Remember this tweet when the indictments are given out for this administration. Will you stand for the rule of law then?
#trumprussia
.@GOP
Such a decision should not be up to one person. Constitution dictates Congress decides. No question.
You are doing the right thing Senator!
GOP better get Pre-Existing conditions covered in New Health Bill or Dems will win on a Single Payer ... People can't even change jobs BOI
Will the Senators then do what is right?Or will they continue to be the body(of government)of nothing?Or will U 1 day wake^ & do something?
Probably not. Corruption runs to deep. Keep up the good fight
@HouseGOP @SenateGOP  @realdonaldjtrump start standing for constitutional law or go home so we can put Americans in office.
Thank you! @RandPaul
#PullOut We need to pull out at least 107 bases that are in foreign city's and Regions.
Right! Yea we need to pull out of at least 107 bases world wide! We need these troops here to help defend. Offence is a bad strategy!
Why would they start now?
You are asking people to follow rule of law while allowing Trump to break many of them. Hypocrite.
If you cared about the rule of law you would have voted to impeach #POTUS #Emoluments
Tell me what laws Congress actually follows? Seems like none from down here! #CorruptWindBags
And so it drags on #RandPaulsDragRace
Obviously not #daca
WE  GIVE TRILLIONS IN ARMS TO ISRAEL FOR FREE, + 3 .5 BILLION A YEAR, WHY??
Your party will give Trumontje moon until he blows it up.. He has already broken the rules in Syria and no recourse. Rs allowed this.
Strange how this video message has been "Googled".
Rand why would they stand for the rule of law when it is only stood for when a agenda is at hand Free speech educational indoctrination...
racism against the white race national racism when someone stands up for the USA Congress the FBI the DOJ ... Thumb there nose at the Law
So what rule of law are you speaking about rand For the way i see it you congressmen only stand up for something when it serves you first
Rand HRC clearly broke the law X times why is she not in jail for Treason at the very least What rule of law wasn't good enough for u then
Rand illegal immig is rampant thru out our country its a virtual siege on the ppl of the USA and you do naught to protect the ppl at home
So again Rand what rule of law is so sacred to you that is oh so important Again its a agenda driven statement to serve no one but you Rand
Senate has the power of oversight and appropriations to control military actions obviously if you give the money you support the action.
I can't blame the senators since the People are not willing to stand for the rule of law
No one seems to care about the rule of law. I blame the republicans as they did NOTHING to keep all Obamas illegal activities in check.
End. The. Wars
They side stepped this before by calling them military actions military assistance ect ect
You mean the corrupt senators who are influeneced by lobbyists and their Fascist Liberal ideology?
The question is, what the hell you talking about?

"The bad news is this is some big monster. I think we're very well coordinated," Pres. Trump says of Hurricane Irma response. 
Make The Law first
You know the answer to that... @SenateMajLdr  doesn't even go by the rule of law.
Bring it on
Do they believe in the Law?
They've been systematically undermining the Rule of Law for decades for self-aggrandizing political interests - no turn-around soon.
I'm sorry Senator, you do not strike me as a trustworthy fellow.
Not a chance, unfortunately. And most/all will be re-elected anyway. Apparently we  the people love unconstitutional war now.
YOU NEED TO GET LOUDER, START FIGHTING FIRE WITH FIRE!! DON'T LET YOUR FATHERS' LEGACY BE IN VAIN!
