I normally agree with you, I think you are wrong on this one Senator. One naval bombardment does not equal war.
Bombing another sovereign nation is an act of war. So yes, it is war. And the #Constitution is clear.
What about the troops Oh-Zero already had on the ground? Where was congress approval for that? #hypocrite
There was no approval. It's illegal. And myself and @RandPaul have opposed that as well
Great, you're wrong and it's a free country. I support your right to be wrong.
You're wrong and it's about time you support something in the #Constitution.
American Patriots stand with Trump. Time for Republicans to learn something about loyalty.
How about we loyal to the #Constitution instead of the politicians who violate it?
How about we start being loyal to God our creator and not a piece of paper written 240 years ago. That won't save us
Did God tell you to bomb other people?
Not the point I was even making. If we don't repent, we're finished. You sound like an atheist lunatic
Except I'm not an atheist. I just don't believe in using God to justify everything God wouldn't advocate.
I'm not even talking about the bombing. I'm talking about the heart and soul of our nation.
You don't get it...he had to do it quick....not go through weeks of debates. What nonsense you are peddling.
The #Constitution is clear. The law is the law.
And that has nothing to do with my comment.
He is literally going through every person's tweet and commenting. Ignore him.
Ignore him. He likes the #Constitution. 
Completely ignoring my point and that if it's in the interest of americas national security it doesn't violate the constitution.
Actually, it only doesn't violate the #Constitution if there's an IMMINENT threat. Where was the imminent threat to the US?
Ms K: Can you pls give date signed & title for the Pres action you cite in article? We cannot find it in Trump EOs. Link would be big help
Are you the person who asked this on Tumblr? As I said there, see the Guardian piece I cited/linked. No public doc available at present.
It's not an EO. It's a secret Pentagon proposal Trump is reportedly considering. The @guardian got a description of it, not the actual doc.
Important article, even more so now that #Trump said General didn't need permission for #Afghanistan bombing!
1st of all WWIII has already startd. 2nd what mny Amercns dont undrstnd is Syrian air forcs had takn out a terrorst chemicl factry
Hush now
IF you voted Trump, this is exactly what you voted for. A man who backs up what he says with courage we haven't seen in 8 years.
He is not getting involved? He is responding to a murderous act commited by an irresponsible dictator! Trying to avenging those murdered!
Trump didn't need to seek congressional approval for military strikes targeting Syrian government forces, Leader Mitch McConnell said Friday
Mitch McConnell changed America forever by cheating to get Gorsuck in. You would trust him.
Thank God! Way to go, Mitch! America needed a new course after the destruction of obama.
Watch, but be careful you might see the real world. Take off your trump goggles
Too late - congress already made sure this "bomber" was fully "armed and dangerous" to "world peace" https://www.opednews.com/articles/Nuremberg-At-the-Dawn-of-t-by-Lance-Ciepiela-Bush_Crime_Crimes-Against-Humanity_Government-161221-888.html … #lawofthejungle
Does this mean no more leading from behind?
NO, HE USES HIS EXECUTIVE POWER IN ORDER TO MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND SECURED FROM FUTURE ATTACKS, HE IS SMART AND A MIND READER IF YOU WILL.
@asamjulian @IvankaTrump @WhiteHouse foolish for @POTUS to provoke Russian nuclear power, @realDonaldTrump lost my trust and vote
@Trump_Regrets Insanity in my opinion.
You need to step aside. He President Trump is the Commander and Chief.
Okay! First, he didn't declare war. The use of chemical weapons is a category you cannot turn your back on.
Agreed, but that is for the UN to decide how to handle it. The world is not the US empire, we are not the global 911 service.
We reap what we sow.
Senator I disagree with you on this issue? The POTUS should not have to consult congress every time military response is required.
But he should inform Putin right?
I don't think #TRUMP understands that the President has no authority to declare war, which is what he did Friday.
Mattis, McMaster, & Gorka are Russia-haters. McMaster is an Islam-lover. Those three are leading us down a dangerous,deadly path. Godhelp us
Sorry Paul, I cannot believe you are doing this.  Total showboating AGAIN for personal gain.
A member of Congress standing up for the #Constitution is showboating? Wow.
Do you make love to a copy of the constitution? Good grief man you're arguing with everyone on here
The #Constitution is the law. It's actually pretty simple.
Trump did not act outside of law, he did not declare war,that is up to congress,and posting Politico? No diff. than McCain running to cnn.
Bombing another nation is an act of war.
Wrong, it is NOT the same as formally declaring war.  This is in the president's power.
You need to get a grip. Take your head out of the sand. This is why President Trump is where he is an you're where you are.
Yea exactly. Rand would be unwilling to violate his oath of office while trump already has... lets see what he does about #masssurveillance
President Trump has not violated his oath of office, He is a leader, That's why we chose him and not Rand Paul.
But I'm sure all true freedom lovers knew that @realDonaldTrump wouldn't drain the swamp...we knew when he got to DC he'd become part of it!
Other than tweet, what have you done about it?
Military action outside Declaration of War should be reserved for United States TERRITORY ONLY! #AmericaFirst
Nobody can work together in DC. If he asked y'all for approval, how long would it have taken and how many more could've died? #worktogether
How is any of it a threat to US and US interests?
Senator Paul I disagree with the bombing but I think you're damaging your credibility by making this about the Constitution - this isn't war
Bombing another sovereign country is an act of war. So yes, it is war. #Constitution is clear, Trump needs approval.
Tell that to Reagan and Obama. SCOTUS would never agree with you. Natl security imperative = great deference to CIC.
People who claim to be intelligent... then turn around and open their mouth and show what fools they really are
Stop running for 2020 Paul(wtf man?), get a bill to the President and do your job!
It's dangerous to the U.S. that you don't get behind & support your @POTUS that #WeThePeople elected. He is good 4 this country.
LOL
Senator... you may be right, but at this point, it's nice to see a President with some BALLS. Give him a break.
Give him a break because he broke the #Constitution?
Figure it out yourself, Einstein.
So disappointed in your response to this!
So disappointed he's standing up for the #Constitution?
you are right in so much but so wrong on this
The #Constitution is wrong?
Nothing I. Constitution against the Syrian action; no war declared
@RandPaul really. I think it's a chest move and you are short sighted.
The #Constitution is short sighted?
I do not believe so. He didn't declare war. He slapped their hand.
An attack on a sovereign nation is an act of war.
Not sure you can call Syria sovereign. More than half want Assad out.
Just read the responses. You are losing credibility, not gaining support. #MAGA
He's losing credibility for standing up for the #Constitution?
We did not start a war. You do not go to congress when you are responding decisively to an event like this. He is wasting his breath.
we weren't attacked therefore yes Trump violated the Constitution. #StandWithRand & follow Constitution.
We have 1,000 troops on ground in Syria at risk for chem weapon exposure. In interest to American security. Did NOT violate #Constitution
"at risk" does NOT mean attacked.
#Constitution did not allow for this. It requires the President to get approval BEFORE going to war.
Like Obama did?
He didn't and it was illegal. 

If you want to rule like Obama, why didn't you just vote for Hillary?
How did he do anything that other president's haven't done?
He should not be compared to other presidents b/c he is supposed to be better. Only when it comes to war they will let him do all he wants
A military strike like this is hardly "war"
By the same logic, if Canada fires missiles on a military base in NY, this is merely a military strike and not an act of war?
So in your mind we are at war with Syria?!?

That is EXACTLY how I picture snowflakes reacting. 
It's not expanded,it's within the @POTUS scope 2 make this decision.Was a strike 4 Humanity not a Declaration of War.Learn the Constitution
"A strike for humanity" is not in the Constitution. Wish citizens could address Constitution with LOGIC and stop getting played by emotions.
It gives the POTUS the authority,what's so unclear to you ?
Really? Have you ever read the ratification debates? You have no idea what you're talking about.
This is unbelievable. This is basically a step away from martial law and empire.
So is it that you enjoyed passive leadership for 8 years?
Didn't hear you MOANING when your Dictator dropped over 12,000 last year!
I am VERY concerned about our safety.Can you help us via Congress?Stop this insanity? @Cernovich is reporting plans for 150000 ground troops
you nor anyone else outside of the DOD & the President is privy to what the plans are moving forward, don't believe everything you read.
My request to senator Paul is a proactive request.
Perhaps you can send him a proactive request to get the healthcare bill done, that's his job.
No reason we cant give him a list of demands! Agree with you! :-)
Other presidents have ordered air strikes and you didn't hear a peep out of people.  Were their executive war powers dangerous, also?
Senator @RandPaul has been consistent on this: YES.
Air Strikes do not = war
Actually, attacks on a sovereign nation are considered an act of war.
I guess it's OK to gas your own civilians, then? Is that an act of war?
You don't care about the #Constitution?
Nope. I comment where people disagreed with the #Constitution. I apologize for wanting a nation of laws.
Yes he does. The only exception is imminent attack or Rebellion. Where was the imminent threat to the US by Syria?
Question @RandPaul 
If Petraeus is directing McMaster 2 giv fake evidence 2 @realDonaldTrump against Syria will they face miltry execution ?
@RandPaul you're an egotist n in a power trip. Seems like everything has to be approve by u. Thank god ur not our President.
Did any of you even read the article before commenting? The article is not about Syrian attack. It was written on April 3rd! 
No violation long as the time limit of 60days is not crossed...Back our President please!
We're not even supposed to have a standing army in times of peace...a little late to be decrying executive abuse of power!
Omg here we go and it's from our own little senator are u really that jealous dam glad I didn win I was all for u but mot now
why would potus think that?
its not sure what potus thinks, right 
myb chek http://whowhatwhy.org  for backround info - its a great site
Thank you Senator for standing for truth
#RandPaul2020 #PresidentRandPaul
I didn't agree with @POTUS picking a fight w/Freedom Caucus. He could have hurt the cause. Now you're doing same thing. There r better ways.
2 things I c: 1. @POTUS is using powers currently granted him. 2. @RandPaul doesn't agree w/them. Change in Congress, not on tv & twitter.
You were my first choice for POTUS.  Everything you're saying about the executive war powers I agree with. Why didn't Trump get approval?
You are definitely on the wrong side of the isle wake up or go home
Very scary! I grew up first 5 years to the sound of German boots in Danish streets! USA don't realize.....
Agree on many things that you say but not this sir. It was an airstrike. So you u want A replay of the last 8 years?
False Flag OPS will bring harm to many innocent Americans; impeach Trump.
#StandWithRand
Really??? Trump didn't declare war or expand exec war powers...I'm disappointed in your rhetoric
Rand will you calm down your making things worse
: Oh quit ur Bitchin, what was POTUS supposed to do come to congers and wait three months for u fools.
: The House & Senate have relegated themselves to the Stature of the Roman Senate, and we all know what followed
@randpaul get your head out of your butt!   If that was your children, I bet you would still want it to go through congress #SyriaStrikes
Rand,you need to learn the law b/4 U go on TV & open your little http://mouth.you  look & sound like a jerk
Rand,What is dangerous is your mouth.when WMD's are used the pres.does not need your permission to take action.
Rand you are NOT the president,try to get that through your thick head.u don't have access to the info Trump has.
We were just sending a message we were not declaring war
You and your Republican cronies are controlling the Senate. Trump can only do what YOU allow him to.
Oh Rand blah blah blah, you are not the President, and you should THK him you won on his coat tails.
Sir..YOU are the ONLY one claiming a violation of the Constitution..ALL other Congress members say POTUS has 60 days. Are THEY all wrong? No
I'm a Libertarian but you have a serious problem there. He's the commander in chief.
Not an expansion, has been done 125 times? Back our @potus or us deplorables will remember If he goes to congress on every move it will leak
Also you all may be on vaca? Then what 3 weeks later u get briefed, media gets word, protests by left, world knows date/time 6 mo later! SMH
You want wimpy @BarackObama back? His cowardice puts the middle east on fire.
@realDonaldTrump Amazing how Rand Paul has all the answers. Maybe he can show up to work 40 hrs per week and resolve the healthcare issue
I don't think he should have attacked Syria but it wasn't unconstitutional. What section of the Constitution did he violate?
You are wrong-he only bombed the airport where chemicals were located! Get on board! Agree with Trump
Please explain! What you mean, you have known the President for some time now, your choice of words is disrespectful!
59  cruise missiles dose not pose a threat or expansion of executive war powers act I think you are overreacting to a necessary act
At least he's doing something. Can't say that for congress. Congress is to disconnected and busy fighting each other. They're feckless.
Please stop commenting on military issues. This is literally your only weak point. War is necessary sometimes.
Why does it seem like you're the only one surprised? This is the same guy you voted for! Everyone else knew he was a fraud!
This is what happens when Congress sits on its hands and doesn't act
All we are doing is showing the rest of the world that we are that the U S is the problem in the region.
A notion long helf by the rest of the world. Particularly the European. What better way to undermine the M E Peace
What better way to undermine the Middle East peace process that the so much like to pay lip service to than war.
You charge it's "illegal and unconstitutional" - why aren't you calling for impeachment proceedings to be initiated then, Senator? 
Senator paulie take one thumb stick it in yer mouth the put other up ur ass & take a seat in the back until you're called
The USA hasn't declared war since 1942.
No I still believe Pres Trump did the right thing by taking out that base.
Get over losing the GOP!
Hog wash.
When the president has the power to wage war unprovoked and unchecked he is not the president he is a king.
Please stand and urge your fellow senators to stand with you to nullify this gross overreach of executive power.
If Congress involved with decision, which was within Pres Trump authority,  it would have been leaked and would not have been successful.
you're in the minority on this one
Politico supports rand paul 100%.Foolish
It's a stretch comparing to gassing and killing your own people, but still
Think about it people, if another nation bombed us because they don't like the way we do things, what would u consider it
Look what happened in Egypt. That's dangersous
You are the worse. Please stop against an republican president. Please stop
If anyone supports the missile attack in Syria they are dead wrong. The President's rash actions are reprehensible.
Only needs congressional approval for declaring war. Reagan did this many times as president taking action without congress
He didn't expand he did what the Constitution said he could.Pu a lid on it
Stop Trump there was no rush it didn't do a thing to stop Syria or Russia.  He was played by the Deep State, Trump must be accountable
Sad That People Like Gary Cohn,Hillary Purple Cult, Wins Over "Presidential Winner Team, Like Bannon & Prience", Not GOOD AT ALL
These comments lead me to believe you voted for the other candidate? Or please explain your dismay. Thanks
You are wrong!
Looks like a lot of people on this thread approve of another war smh
This is sounding an awful like Iraq all over again. Trump may be able to get authorization but we need to have the end in mind.
We need to limit the powers that @potus has because he is an idiot who spends 70 million dollars on an ineffective missle campaign.
Boo
calm down no war was declared.... YET
Not to worry.
this isn't an extension, rather maintain the status quo
Normally agree with you sir, but on this one I think your wrong.
Neocons in control even when the candidate runs against them.
OUR President is doing just fine. He don't need to be told by others who are stonewallers and have their own agenda's, how to do his job.
I started to support you but after this no way in hell.. you are so wrong
Why cant I or anybody be for the airstrike but against regime change? Let's just keep Assad in check. He knows we are watching him and serio
The only danger here is your ignorance of reality. No none cares what you think any longer. The "crazy apple" didn't fall far from the tree.
Waiting for congress to agree to anything i.e.., Obamacare repeal, is like waiting on NATO to react and agree! Trump made best decision.
Come on Paul, you sound like the mouth foaming left
For some reason a fish out of the water comes to mind,flip flop flip flop.
The amount of time Paul is out there protesting speaks to a different agenda. Watch and see what he does next. Arguement to drain the swamp
No it was perfectly used
Really?  So you support Chemical warfare on our troops and the people of Syria? President not you is our Commander in Chief.
I guess you're not going back to Mar-a-Lago anytime soon.
Please stop.  It was a necessary decision not a dangerous expansion of war powers.
Our elected reps in House and Senate must fight this
I agree with Senator Rand Paul.  There is a reason protocols are created.  For this very bullshit 45 is doing; God complex/dictator.
How would the US Congress word a formal 'Declaration of War' against worldwide Muslim terrorists? 
Inquiring minds want to know.
Sadly, neither the US Congress nor US citizens have come to terms with the reality of "UNCONVENTIONAL warfare strategy & tactics"  Abstract.
US military tends to 'fight the last war,' --slow to adapt to new environs; old  philosophy, strategy, tactics; Bureaucratic inertia.
"Limited warfare" (& politically micro-managed) has proven fatal in every conflict, yet US policy makers insist upon failed methodology.
In say again...#sackupdude
C'mon
Your wrong on this
 If he goes to Congress, they move or hide the evidence. Like Saddam did.
Western backed Isis has been trying to get Assad out desperately pulling off  a false flag once again!Trump fell for neocons lies.
Wrong. Hardly an expansion of war powers. If he could trust congress, he might see fit to consult them. He has more enemies than supporters.
@ResidentOfFL @PoliticoAgenda Hope @POTUS doesn't let establishment praise give false acceptance. Looking 4 ways to impeach him.
This is why you and you're father will never get enough support to be president
Get back on domestic policy senator. That's where you are best. We can not in a modern world debate a military action for 3yrs before we act
For Yemen you signed off on a war authorization act under George W. For Syria under War power act he has 30 days to request a WAA from you
you are wrong.
Come on SENATOR, get real
please check your history. #Trump is not the only President to initiate limited military action before requesting war declaration
Can't say I blame him since it would take six months to get approval from Congress.
Congress needs to take its power back,not give more away! Remember checks&balances!? It was bad enough when we had an intelligent president!
You need to take a vacation you are soo wrong 
Expansion?
congress is no where to be found  did you check the golf courses?
Finally have a President who won't be pushed around. 
its about time to take some action, we are paper tigers anymore..
Your wrong Paul
More and more rhetoric going off with allegations and poor assumptions just what media loves as you  can't wait for your leadership to shut
Down government as well
How the hell is that an expansion?  Every president authorized similar strikes.
Every Pres. before Trump has used pwr w/o consulting Congress.
You're a dangerous obstruction to America!
Go back, read the Constitution & go back to renegotiating ObamaCare repeal/replace & implementing our tax reform
Stop trying to control the Trump.. help get rid of Obamacare and balance the budget
Why aren't you chastising Obama for doing the same thing?
Strength and peace through superior firepower.  Thy will come to the table if we back words with action.  No one took Reagan for a whimp
Senator Paul plz don't make up your own parts to the Constitution. President Trump broke no laws, we aren't at war, we did a strike.
Let's face it the Constitution is clear the President can't declare war, but he is the Commander in Chief
This allows him to control the military and do what's needed with Intel
Sorry Rand.  You are wrong on this one
Did that happen under Obama a lot?
New "anti" war movement in USA = Bomb/invade countries just be sure not to officially declare it...WAR!
