Stop supporting your payroll warlords and try to study afghan history.
I agree with Sen Paul, Afghanistan will never be a viable nation
Afghanistan will be a viable nation if you change your bloody policies with B52 or drone can't change the Afghanistan but with love can
We don't NEED to win a "war" there-just occupy the most strategic/defensible piece of ground in the rock pile to rain hell on cave dwellers.
We went there to suppress terrorist Alqueda&Taliban sympathizers. That job needs to continue or as soon as we leave entirely-roaches emerge.
True, but if he had lived longer, perhaps, he would have regretted it too.
This 1 I agree on. Put Ricin or some other chemical in the tunnels, let the population know about it & leave country.  R mil. dying for zero
Rand Paul got a huge beating in the Presidential primaries, but now he wants to act as a President. Unbelievable!
DID WE HEAR YOU SAY THIS WHEN YOUR GOP WITH CHENEY & BUSH SENT OUR TROOPS TO AFGANISTAN!??
He is a joke
MOAB
Go on?
"I stood up next to a mountain, Chopped it down with the edge of my hand"  Jimmie Hendrix, 2000 hands levels the playing field Afghanny
We shouldn't even be there now lol save the money and materials on the bombs and stockpile.
He's an idjit . . . if he doesn't agree with it, it's "bad advice" . . .
https://youtu.be/DJMRA5Gh7-c 
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @SenRichardBlack @RonPaul @TulsiGabbard @RepWalterJones @TGowdySC @Jim_Jordan @T_S_P_O_O_K_Y
Oh please, Saudis were the criminals of 911 and George Bush sent them on a plane back to Saudi Arabia the same day. Bushes r criminals
He's right. What a waste. Russia couldn't do it. We lost Vietnam I. You can't beat those who are willing to kill themselves for their land.
We need to get out. They do not want us there and they hate our country. Coming from a hard core Rep.
Been a country for over 2,000 years and no one including Alexander the Great has defeated them. No one understands them.
Us needs to pull out
I would not call Afghanistan a bunch of tribes but I do agree we need to get out of there asap
#StandWithRand
His generals & advisors are 'plants' subverting & manipulating. 
Who the hell is recommending these subversive people to the President?
Thanks.    I'm interested in additional (and ongoing) references, if you wish to pass them to me.   :-)    There is NO transparency in gov.
RAND PAUL & BRIETBART-(BANNON)SAID AFGAN WAR UNWINNABLE! DID WE HEAR U SAY THIS WHEN YOUR GOP-CHENEY & BUSH SENT OUR TROUPS TO AFGANISTAN!??
You mean when he wasn't a politician?
Agree, Afghanistan is a nation of tribes.
And we can't defeat tribes? Seems legit ;)
The war profiteers don 't care
Then why ain't We over there controlling the spizot???!!!  This is Our Planet, you know?  ALMIGHTY GOD GAVE It to HIS Children.  Ain't no
Terrorism is also not a country, so can't win this war. You are thinking is coming from Garbage
Agree, leave and say what will happen from 40,000 feet if the BS continues.  Enough money and lives, not worth a dime!
Time to either turn it to dust ... including civilians... since their war is against civilians of the world.....or leave them to rot
Rand Paul knows nothing. Justin needs to give up his infatuation of Ann. Remember ELECTION! IS! OVER!
Agree, get out. Stop all flight to a from Afghanistan.
@ShelaghFogarty said a few weeks ago we're fighting in Afghanistan because "women were forced to wear Burkas & couldn't get an education"
#Afghanistan is FUTILE
OUTSOURCE
@Potus @realDonaldTrump
#MAGA
AMAZING SPEECH
Right. It's not winnable but must b kept in check b/c relatively near the oil fields in Middle East.The -Stan borders r floating.
Rand Paul is not really a human
The GOP has totally crushed any restored rep after GW Bush, to now allow Ryan, McCon & Never Trump to hurt Americans due to contempt.
Rand who cares now. Trump seems to be now Democrat, Neocon. So be prepared for mass voter revolt and then some. GOP is embarrassment now.
Afghanistan is dubbed "The Graveyard of Empires" for a reason
We have bigger contests that are being lost in the 1950s theocracy nonsense.  Arctic commercial transport lanes & N. Korea for 2.
Who would u suggest for matters of war? Enlisted? Such a deal.
Free Medical by FORCE
PERFECT!

Senator Rand Paul Expertly Explains Why Healthcare Is NOT A Right! 

…
Agreed. DT's strength is listening to his own instincts first and NOT on warmongers.
Is he still relevant theres at least 6 #GOPSenators that even if they bled blue & swore to vote with @POTUS  or commit hari kari dont trust
True. What a terrible waste of trillions of $ and human lives these stupid wars have been.... Pathetic!
ISIS IS in Afghanistan.  It is ISIS were fighting.
Americans are crying after killing Mill of  innocent Muslims  in Afghanistan , Iraq , Syria , Libya & Pakistan( Big Ally )

Chain MAD DOG.
This is most cruel Instinct of American Mindset.
Korea , Vietnam ,Palestine , Atombomb on Japan are few to quote . Still  endless  crying ?
Because this does not have politics goals, it is no longer a,war. It is a security operation to protect us, too bad Afghanistan. Get a clue.
on
TRUMP AND THE REST WANT HEROIN FROM AFGHANISTAN TO KILL OUR CHILDREN .
Go talk to him! But stop bashing Publicly & giving DEMS Ammo! His currency is affirmation, use it wisely! Give him his agenda 1st-BARTER.
I agree with U on that, but Trump said we aren't in nation building, just killing ISIS. Plus Congress can't agree 2 Repeal, we'd die waiting
meh....just more words....not impressed.
Afghanistan is about control of opium & the money it produces. We could end all the in fighting there by crop dusting with herbicide.
Dopey. War is against Taliban n AQ.
I support you on this.
911 & war on terror is a myth used heavily to target #Muslim whereas Christianity is at most modern state in the name so called freedom
It's a country alright. A country that breeds terrorism.
Only Afghanistan was never ruled by any outsiders, read the history!
Wow too many stuipd politicians not enough garbage bags.
The idiocy.
Just ask Russia how well it worked out for them......
I only want to here Rands plan and the long term consequences- he can bitch but has no solutions
It's a farm for poppy fields.
Rand should have a private meeting with pres trump, tell him what he ran on and no more getting involved with wars and pull the troops out.
Let them fight their own problems. We will defend our country !!
I tend to agree with @RandPaul on this subject....and quite a few more, too.
It would be nice if more people understood this.
Some populations can never be saved from themselves and their extinction is the only way to save the world from the spread of their terror..
Good job Rand
No truer words were spoken, that was the case with Iraq and is actually true with Iran too. That could actually be said about everywhere.
Ah say What? I just looked on my globe. It sure looks like one to me?
Remember when Bush was going to bring democracy to tribal people? 
I agree! We should get out 
How Right You are Rand Paul, But They have @POTUS as a Captured Audience.
As usual Rand...you nailed it!
Such a simple truth that seems so difficult for our government to comprehend...
Get out of Afghanistan, already! You blabber on about it while 1 in 6 Americans don't have enough food. Take care of the USA first!
He needs to focus on Obamacare, DACA, ...
Look @ histor,y nobody has ever conquered Afghanistan. Nobody!
except three and they are the designated killer this time!rest will look good for election just like the first repeal/replace=kabuki theater
Some of knew this in 2002. You just realized it. What a bunch stupid Americans
This had been an axiom for hundreds of years, unfortunately a succession of American presidents didn't know that.
it's not about a country or not, it's about battle field, do you have good tactic and strategy to win. we need good generals.
We should not be there. They were just peaceful people tending to their poppy and oil fields we should have left them alone and funded NCLB
After fighting for 16 years in Afghanistan you need a miracle or divine intervention to win.
Actually there is little permanent to win.
Only shifting sand of tribal alliance, cultural alliance, locale alliance, temp political...
What strategic value is 'owning' Afghanistan?
NONE!
Our ENEMIES want us bogged-down there, Syria, Iraq, Yemen, lots of others
ENEMIES!  :-|
I never agree with this Aristocrat.....But By God he is right on this one.....He must not know "it"is about selling War Material .
Nothing says aristocrat like levi- jeans.
A president who used to supply money & weapons to the Taliban via a Bush oil connection. It a money machine for private military contractors
U mean because they are not human.
After nearly 50 years of US sponsored war it probably isn't. Whose fault?
Candidate Trump's instincts were to deport ALL illegal aliens & let them apply legally from their home country. Trust your instincts @POTUS!
@RandPaul for Chief Warlord of the Afghan Tribes 2020
Exactly
We're just there so we can kill terroists...
Since when did Rand serve in the military or have any sort of experience with military policy?
go to a surgeon and he's going to tell you surgery is the answer. A general is no different, just with war.
You might as well retweet the National Inquirer.
WTF are you doing retweeting Breitbart News?
That is true. What the nomads in Afghanistan have in common is their love of child molestation. Taliban tried to clamp down on the practice
Trump never attacked Rand Paul on his hair. and believe me there is plenty of subject matter there... Quote
Very true - lets shoot a couple Tomahawks in there annually and call it a day
What a geek comment that A-stan isn't even a country . Just say you think we can't win.
"Context"
RAND PAUL : WILL NOT SUPPORT TRUMP'S AMERICA 1ST AGENDA !  RAND PAUL  : FAKE SENATOR!
SENATORS DON'T WORK FOR THE PRESIDENT. GET AN EDUCATION.
yes, he's right. the USA shadow government (because of secret treaties) is operating on the same old Cold War mentality of military hegemony
IT is made up of tribal fifedoms from the middle ages that don't fit into the 21st century & they DON'T WANT TO!!
If you can't gain control of anything unless you have total control of it! America having a most difficult time in just trying to run !
Britain tried to become lord and master of the poppy  in the 19th century. But. We can't do it either Average peeps won't profit.Fat cats ?
The Soviets fought in Afghanistan from 1979-89 right? And then Soviet Union collapsed in ..1991? Interesting--think there was a link?
Just let them all duke it out with each other
His head is going to spin off when POTUS makes the move on North Korea which I predict soon like tonight, Missile goes off, Speech Air Force
What is the definition of winning?  Seems to me, Afghanistan is a good place to locate and kill terrorists.  Much better to kill them there.
We have aloud so much bad into our 20 trillion  in debt country. Obama aloud Illegals of all kinds into 2 poison and butcher us!
That's true. It's a bunch of different villages run by ward lords.
All ward lord are supporting by US for their interest
It's a mountainous region full of primitive tribes. He's right.
Get the healthcare agenda passed.  You have obligations to the voters to get the campaign agenda done. ASAP
this is the guy whose dad says we shouldnt have declared war on the Taliban after 9-11. Who gives a shit what he thinks about it
he was right
Are you still running for president ran paul
Brutal lol
What? They should listen 2 U over generals. I don't know about that.
Well it is 16 years later. The generals haven't really been delivering us results.
