Believe Repub House & Sen better come together and get everything done right. If not Globalist takeover and it's to late then.
Call it what it really is, Wealth Care, huge tax cuts for the rich, nimrod.
ROFL --- oh, you mean that money that was taken from them to fund ACA so Dems could claim they "had it covered"?
Boo Hoo. 3.8% on investment income over $250K - Sad! 
A few: federal tax, state tax, investment tax, capital gains tax, higher medicare tax, and ACA tax - this is what jealousy looks like.
This is what the inability to grasp immense wealth looks like.
You consider $200K "immense wealth"?
Earned off of Investment Income. That kind of wealth can buy a lot of politicians.
You believe that $200,000 "can buy a lot of politicians"? I tend to think they cost a bit more than that... :-)
Always liked you Rand Paul ...And your dad
This is music to my ears & wallet. I pay almost as much for my single health insurance premium as my mortgage.
Glad it's getting somewhere, not glad that you're paying so much. Rand and @POTUS should #FireRyan
I agree! @SpeakerRyan needs to go!  You knew damn well I was a  when you brought me in!!!
Well that's unconstitutional. It's up to the people of Wisconsin to fire Ryan
Nothing Unconstitutional about the Snake stepping down at all.
Well the other individual said trump should fire her so I'm gonna agree with your comment
Oh. I had another conversation w/someone about starting a campaign 2 "ENCOURAGE " @SpeakerRyan to step down. Reps in house can pressure too
yeah he's the Speaker and that his continued Speakership has nothing to do with Wisconsin persay. WI doesn't get to decide who is Speaker.
You are both smart guys. Come up with a deal. Thanks
I pray you influenced him and reminded him #FullRepeal was the promise.
Who did you pray to? Which God wants poor people to die from lack of health care?
You mean an ObamaCare Health Insurance card they can't afford to buy and can't afford to use?
Riiiight. You've drunk all the green cordial haven't you
Typical response from an accomplished class clown w a silly name who confuses wise cracks w wisdom Plenty of the former None of the latter
Cool story exfed32
Liked yours as well my under educated friend
Yawn.
Please use your knowledge, honor and influence to help Pres Trump develop a bill that will be better than existing one. I pray 4 yr success
#FullRepeal & NO TAX CREDIT 4 INSURANCE CORP PLZ
NO CADILLAC TAX
YES 4 LOW PREMIUM & DEDUCTIBLE
GROUP OR ASSOCIATION INSURANCE 4 LOWER COAST
So there, @axlejazzo !! The Donald is talking to the good guys now. 
That's great news!
Good news
Thanks for being the voice of reason in Washington Rand & hopefully your golf game is respectable haha
The #FreedomCaucus is attempting to avoid future entanglements and delays by exercising #toughlove as a means to end ObamaCare.
Another catastrophe in the making
I am SO glad that you are both having a conversation, and some fun, too!!
Please, Dear God! & Thank you @RandPaul So,4 the real news: who had the low score? What's your Handicap?What is @POTUS 's Handicap? Scratch?
Health care should be free for everyone on Earth.  Imagine the love for America if such a plan was even proposed.
Thank you for all you're doing to get rid of O'Care. No replacement needed, -- just a truly free market w/big competition & no monopolies!
Shameful that you're bragging about this. I hope you get voted out once trump is impeached.  #Resist #ImpeachTrump #ShameOnYou
Medicine and food so try to live on nothing like me youcan either starve or die because you cant pay for meds you would worry everyday
And take that old turd McCain with you please
Great, full repeal. Keep your word. Get government out of the people's pocket. Less government is good for all. Socialism works for none.
Thank you!!!.
Tell him to stop messing with my homeboys in the freedom caucus
We are at a time and place in history that cannot be underestimated. Working together is essential.
#FullRepeal #NoReplacement #KeepYourPromise
You tell them to repeal... yet quote scripture about helping people??? *typical conservative hypocrite*
You help ppl with a pole and a pond not by throwing fish at them.
Not when their beliefs are based in the oppression of others. But your response was 'clever' and sounded good. Yet still... hypocritical.
She is not allowed to cross state lines because of Obamacare so she can no longer receive her treatment from the doctors you know her case
Great job, Senator Paul. I'm certain that your input in this area is particularly valuable.
Rands bill looked best to me!
Let's get it done!
I am praying for it! Keep an eye open on those pesky RINOS! 
I am so happy you are there to help this process. Always good to have a Paul around to keep things honest.
you're both agreeing you're going to lose your jobs over healthcare? good to see you're on the same page
God bless President Trump & give him the wisdom, guidance to nurture America. He needs good bills & patriots beside him. Hope u r one. Tk U!
Never really cared 4 u Rand.... The more I c u fight 4 the healthcare bill...
YOU may b a diamond in the rough
That's great news Senator. It's important heal this unnecessary rift within the party. Strength through unity!
Repeal Repeal Repeal!!!
#FullRepeal Get Government OUT of Our Healthcare. There is Medicare for those who truly need it. No Illegals! No IRS! Sale Across States.
I like your plan. I'm so thankful that Ryancare did not go through
Why don't you go join your real friends over on the dnc and stay there,RHINO
I pray everyone to the right can come together to make Healthcare realistic #MAGA
@Tamaralynn212 @realDonaldTrump Glad you guys are getting together! Paul Ryan is a hack!
1 No Investigation of POTUS. 2 No Collusion w Russia. 3 No Obstruction of Justice. 4 No there there or anywhere & 5 WINNING WINNING WINNING
Appreciate your biz perspectives converging but will US NHSimprove health of USCitizens or just charge to profit med.corps.?!
You got this!!
@SenSanders Was Bernie, there?
Dear one...Bernie is sham...talking about the "Rich" while he lives it up...NOPE
'Bernie's a sham'...okay, so what's the plan?
Don't know...Hey, I know Single payer should be the way...but I am not the crew to decide...they are..
Okay, I'm just putting stuff out there. Maybe we can come up with something better than RINO/ObamaCare?
Inch by inch is a cinch. Good job.
@sguynn17 @realDonaldTrump you need to work with our president be sensible
Please tell me you didn't golf with him.
Sellout
The president wants to fix it senator. Get busy and get it fixed. He is a dealmaker, make a deal. Get the Republicans together please!
why don't you tell the American people what needs to be changed in order to get your support unless you are just obstructing.
Love to hear it Mr. Paul and Mr. President Trump
It should be President Paul!!
I'll pass
Who asked you?
You commented on my post so...
It doesn't appear anyone cares what you think except you. 
Found something for you. To go along with your opinion. 
Love to hear this, you two would make a great pair if Trump didnt fall for the lies the Establishment snakes like Paul Ryan are feeding him.
Actually, my way or the highway is not the best plan unless your a socialist, communist democrat.
Guessing y’all are psyched to crush poor people.
You think that is in the hearts of a Rand or Ron Paul (who had never told a lie or embellished)?
Given what Trump and the GOP are gonna do to people, I wouldn’t put it past them.
Whatever is being done to the poor already happened under Clinton, Bushes & Obama. 20yrs flat wages
so that makes it OK?
I'm trying to figure out how they are "crushing poor people" - sounds rather asinine to me.
We need to move away from entitlement Society to a Charity based society ..will allow us all to share same vision which is driver of poverty
It is for lack of vision or Hope that people parish ... it is a driver of addiction, poverty and crime ...
Hurl.
Go Senator Paul!
I stand with you & the @freedomcaucus.  Keep up the good work
I bet the thought of taking health care from people makes you super horny.
Thank you Senator. We are strangling out here in America!! With Obamacare. PLEASE HURRY BEFORE WE DIE
REPEAL!!!  PUT THE PPL'S HEALTH INS OPTIONS BACK INTO THE MARKET..OPENED NATION WIDE SO WE CAN BUY FROM ANYWHERE.
So you both agreed, anyone who is not a backstabbing rich person should just die because you don't profit off it?
Please help him get this done. This will be americas only chance to get rid of this disastrous bill!!
@IngrahamAngle @realDonaldTrump 
.Fantastic
He was not elected for more Big Government! REPEAL! Not repeal and replace. Uphold the Constitution damn it! Where are the men of 1776!
Sen Paul I hope you can do better than the Freedom Caucus!!
Oh, wait
How can you support a liar? I see your days are be numbered
kick some ass, Mr. @RandPaul !!
A great time figure out how my husband, born with CP, can be cast off his insurance that pays for his cancer care? Good for you!
Golfing in Fla. yeah, that's where all senators from KY should be.
Grumplestiltskin you want free health care move to Canada I do not want to pay for your
#fakepresident
And by the way it's also a false narrative Rand.  Shame you too have sold out.
Let's make sure lobbyists don't write this one.
Did you explain Health Savings Accounts to him? HSA's all the way!!!
Senator you guys need to get this done.   This is what you all were elected to do.
@IngrahamAngle @realDonaldTrump Happy 2 see power shift from Ryan 2 Rand. Ryan has got 2 go Mr. PRESIDENT!
Yay!!
Obama has a list of Republicans leaders and their dirty secrets they keep! He still controls their vote with by blackmail! Check it out!
AWESOME MAKING HEALTH CARE GREAT AGAIN!
Best news I've heard all day. Unify the party and pass something that actually repeals.
@DNC Eat this now and them crow in a few weeks or months, right after you take your foot out of your big mouths!
You did have 7yrs to plan this do any of you feel just a little bit embarrassed This is a joke Do your jobs for Christ sake
Thk u senator for your work. Asset to have a medical person involved who has experience in both Legislation and medicine.
If 'Agreement' = 'Complete Repeal' then Great !!!
Anything less would be selling out the Constitution & The American people!
@POTUS @VP—#Obamacare disaster—#RepealAndReplace where it should be—negotiated from in front of the camera & influence of—#FakeNewsMedia
Do not forget to create a National Lottery for Health Care And a national lottery for Medicare. Profits will be incredible
Glad to hear it #WORKINGFORTHEPPEOPLE
Happy to see that you are working WITH the President on something so important. I hope your example will encourage others. Thank you Senator
Great!  You both need a bogey-free round for the American People
@JohnDrimmel @realDonaldTrump Beahahaha! Good Joke there, fake Doctor! You guys kill me!
You represent Kentucky but you wore a DUKE ball cap?
Rand thank you for continuing to speak up about your plan.
Thank you!
Let Obamacare fail like the democrats.
Awesome
we want #repeal I dont want the government in my healthcare!!
Good for you!!  
Be careful getting in bed with the devil
did you win?
I fear you are Dr Faustus incarnate.
Please continue your work
Work with him to get something passed instead of virtue signaling purity
Dems can still filibuster, and will
Bill through reconciliation 1st
Nobody cares; We want to know 1.What was your score? What was @realDonaldTrump score? 2.Which tees did you use? 3.Does he cheat?
It's about time . He knows we Want small government and no one payer health insurance
GO POTUS!!! EXCELLENT 
Anybody who doesn't support our President needs to go.. Sorry. I love Rand Paul!
Wonderful news!  Stand United!
ENCOURAGING,,KEEP AT IT
You must be mad! If you lie down with dogs you get up with fleas!
You and who are closer? Certainly not the working class......Just the sit backs and get everything for free class
Press X to doubt
Thank you for your leadership on this matter. And thank you for spending some quality time with the president!
Two great leaders. No wonder the country is so optimistic.
So you want to rip away healthcare & dignity from millions causing unnecessarily early suffering & death?This is a crime against humanity
Big fan of these two men. Hope they work together to MAGA.
Awesome now let's get your health plan going. Maga!!!
Bravo! 
Keep up the great work. You know POTUS IS beloved & we want #MAGA YOU are both Patriots.
I could tell ur Golf Meeting went well cause of the look on ur face; Sweet!!!
Kill the ACA. Destroy ISIS. Immigration. Immigration. And more Immigration
Maybe this time not having traitor Ryan in charge of it!
How much was the bribe by the so called president..?
Mr @POTUS @freedomcaucus we need to get govt out of our lives, but need to be smart, wont happen overnight, we must fund wall @SpeakerRyan
Can't wait Randy, how many millions are you and Donny going to kill with this one? How many are you going to throw off health care?
Great news
Really??????
We want TOTAL repeal!  Let people choose their own affordable insurance across state lines!
Thanks Senator Paul. That's very welcome news.
Great news!
Don't back down Rand. We voted in you, Trump and Ryan. T-Party Constitutional Conservatives back the Freedom Caucus
I assume 1) you did not pay to golf; the tax payers did or worse yet 2) u did and Trump Corp made $$ off him being POTUS. #smellsbad
But it's complicated 
I hope you got your money up front. #JustAnotherCareerPolitician #RandSellsOut #FakePresident doesn't always pay up though

Ty Rand.
gross
SO you are for sale
@continuum12 @realDonaldTrump Thank you!
Admire your drive for the const./Maintain?/good tho to set president that we can agree and get this country going and JOBS/hurting in Mich.
Rand paul you are amazing and great for America
@IngrahamAngle @realDonaldTrump Come together and get a GOOD deal for we the ppl
Why do you want to take away healthcare from over 1/3 of Kentuckians? You have no scruples
Who won at golf??
I'm glad he's listening to you...GREAT HOPE 4 GREAT SUCCESS!!
Thank you, Senator!!!
thanks Rand glad you enjoyed and you sincerely took an interest to better our health care like your stamina
Right.  A radical right wing agreement that will get NO Dem support and will violate Trumps campaign promises.
#HePersisted
I am glad he is talking with you.
@bigtime1977
That is AWESOME! You guys are in our prayers...
Please tell us you told him to stop tweeting
For the next 4 yrs-if Trump wants it done, DO IT!
Thank you Senator Paul!
Make it right Rand. Something your father will agree on. Get @realDonaldTrump to bring Ron Paul in on. #M.A.G.A. For real.
Good! I don't trust anything without your stamp of approval.
Please find common ground.. We need the party to come together.. Thank you for all your hard work!
so Rand...who won?  Did the President let you win to get your vote?  At least he is trying to get something done.
@GateOfDemocracy @realDonaldTrump Women, Need to be Included, Not a Bunch of Old White Men, Deciding People's Futures.
NO MANDATES!! NO MANDATES!! NO MANDATES!! NO MANDATES!! NO MANDATES!! NO MANDATES!! NO MANDATES!! NO MANDATES!! NO MANDATES!! NO MANDATES!!
Hold your ground, @realDonaldTrump doesn't understand his base, we don't want Socialism, we don't want big government in our health care.
His base is with you and the Freedom Caucus on this issue. Ryan is a Judas who will continue to undermine him.
If u didn't get the message we want #ACA. We want =2or> than #ACA #fixACA #norepeal Americans want same coverage as you have!!!!!!
As long as the insurance company subsidies are eliminated, then its possible!
Rand, If YOU support the bill, we'll know it's a winner.  We're counting on you to help our POTUS to get this right. Thank you so much!!
I pray so and I pray it will be true reform following your plan
This is great!
Press on to the high calling of God in your life. Fail not for He is with you, my friend.
Best senator in the Senate.  I'm very Sorry thankful you serve you country and really care about "we the people" @RandPaul
THANK YOU FOR LOOKING OUT FOR US
