Hospital monopolies, no price transparency for services, malpractice insurance costs,etc -many problems - seems hopeless

News Flash Rand, despite what the Koch bros and Citizen United tells you BUSINESSES are NOT people. DO YOUR JOB. #townhallNOW #FREEKENTUCKY
Don't lie to them

Is that your Idea of a Town Hall?
TRUTH Sen? #WeThePeople_WorkingAmerica_TaxPayers R SO TIRED Talking w our Rep, Election aft Election! We gave IT ALL & GOT LIES, LIES, LES
Keep up the good work Rand you're doing a great job
Pharmaceuticals and drug companies must be compliant with anti-trust laws
Just repeal it already. It will free up the economy and give consumers what they've wanted all along, REAL ins choices through competition.

#StandWithRand
Orangent you mad I said Banana
Meeting with lobbyists that influenced your vote, how nice
good
Was that you headed outta town?
Hillary Care...  SoSimple!



Just pumping up the vote for 2018. What will you say for 2020?
All of you with difference get in a room and don't come out until we have a healthcare bill that will pass
Wish all your colleagues in the Senate did this. I would love to attend one if Senator Todd Young were to attend
Trying to figure out how to fatten your pockets a little bit more. Your just there to make it look like you care so far nothing from you.
Our government put a man on the moon, it can offer real healthcare to our people.
Stop being a puppet of corrupt DT trying to make the top wealthiest even wealthier on the backs of common folks' access to real healthcare.
Full repeal. Government needs to drop burdensome regulations and let free market work. Open up the free market
I think we should all be discussing the fried chicken industry right now.
Paul stick to them the idiots elected you
Any town halls scheduled to meet with your constituents? #iamaKYvoter
Work with democrats to repair ACA . This is crazy and unproductive. So much drama  for Americans over their healthcare
Wow, you are so out of touch. You wanted to rip 450k of your constituents from healthcare and you still refuse to face them #DOYOURJOB
GO RAND! Idea of having folks dealing w/big insurance as GROUPS (AARP, etc.) vs. INDIVIDUALS to save $ + help preexisting conds. is SPOT ON!
Why not discuss health issues for entire USA?
Stop running for president in 2020 Rand. No one liked you in 2016, add health care failure to your resume. Break out your stethoscope.
Have you scheduled a town hall for constituents yet @RandPaul? We'd like to attend.
Whatever you do, don't meet with people who have insurance for the first time or who have pre-existing conditions or 25 yr old kids ...
Think Streaming these meetings would be a positive. jstsaying
Stacked with your cronies who all agree with you? Try talking to real people.
Umm one clue drug addiction.
Great sir but what lies wil you usewhen asked by the voters about a health care bill.
Why in the world would you listen to them? That's who created Obamacare. Need some health care CONSUMERS in there.
@RandPaul REPEAL obama care!
Get work. I wonder if @marcorubio  will be doing same? Live in his district - never hear anything. Great "Do Nothing Congressman". Silence.
Say hi to Boss Hogg and Sheriff Roscoe P. Coltrane for me!
Come to western Ky.
I trust you Senator Rand Paul!
Got teeth? ....Kentucky? What's your states state of dental care? Or is there no money behind dental health for all those poor people?
Please don't tell me you're selling your free market health care again. Denying health care and selling death cannot be a motive for profit.
Explaining how tax-cuts for1% are important to allow money to trickle down to the few people who would still have some (unaffordable)access!
Be careful who you vote forhttp://yournewswire.com/haiti-exposed-clinton-dead/amp/
Lots of your fans have faith you can somehow get us out of this mess.

claw backs on rouge diagnosis and treatment would do wonders to improve #primarycare ... and support it with a MD food stamp program.
I  hope you can do a binding healthcare bill(LuvIt) We the People DO NOT WANT Obamacare,the mandate or all those regulations!

Is this the total number of people in Kentucky who agree with you that government is bad?!
Call @SpeakerRyan and remind him this is work time, not vacation time.
Say hello to the Dukes and Uncle Jesse for me.
mtg in HAZARD, THERE'S A FORESHADOW of what's to com for KY!
Eventually you have to quit talking about it and actually do something about it. I voted for you and senator McConnell. I expect results.
This is not a town hall. Where r your constituents?
yep, I'm sure loaded up with people who agree with you so you can rationalize your position.
Biggest problem my friend is government should not be in the healthcare business!  Just look at the Post Office!
