ACA is mumbo jumbo, can someone describe the insurance product this bill will produce? IN ENGLISH
give 'em hell Senator
put yourself on Obama care and see how long you continue to obstruct.
Repeal & Reject. Just set your personal agendas aside for Health Care! No need to be so complicated !
please keep fighting for the people! Don't let us down!
Rand started repeal and replace simultaneously. @realDonaldTrump said Ok. Rand Now says No. Makes me?
medicare expansion, no insurance penalty etc.. state lines needs 60 votes
well all u guys play games with our life's. I'm hurt. And live on 766 a month and pay450rentneedhelp
can't live like this much longer been 5 years and in bad pain 24/7 at a 10level no money.imreadyout
increasing the penalty for no coverage to the cost of a policy will fix primary problem with ACA.
Thank you Senator. You explained it perfectly. 
#FullRepeal
they need 2 pass tomorrow and continue working its NOT FINAL tomorrow & he knows it.
I don't believe for a minute that they'll accomplish the 3 stages they're promising.
How can removing individual mandate make insurance rates Go down? Fewer healthy people in pool make rates go up, not down.
they're turning insurance into a subsidy.
Let it stay in place and FAIL as we in the insurance industry know that it will w/in 18 months.  Then replace it!
I have heard that AHCA needs the senate to change some authority of obamacare to make this Bill pass ?
stand your ground Rand!
You had 8 years to plan replacing Obamacare.What the hell have you been doing? Other than publicity

no #Ryancare we need #FullRepeal
if phases 2&3 make it work thn push a vote to pass phase 1 but add gaurntee phase 1 expires if no 2&3
FULL REPEAL of ACA(O-care), say NO to ObamaCareLite(AHCA)
Support BOTH you & President Trump! America NEEDS the Health Bill passed! What's your MAIN Objection
no, America does not need this bill. We need insurance competition not subsidy
lets go back to the Health care we had 8 years ago, then IMPROVE it from there!
B4 I went on Medicare 2 years ago,bought own health insurance cheaper through a group
Instead of TALK Sir why don't you produce a solution. Tired of this blocking crap without a solution. I M conserve
I am so disappointed in your failure that i don't want to look at or hear you right now. You need to lay down a while
#repealnotreplace #full repeal
I do not see how this disaster can appease ANY conservative. We look like irresponsible fools.
This prima donna idiot ought to join the dems...he acts like them most of the time.
stick to your guns. We need real repeal. Obamacare lite will be very bad for Republicans in 2018
Vote yes. Support your president and our nation!
if you think healthcare can be profitable, you miss the point of a cure versus treatment political agenda
The JOKE is that healthcare can be a profitable business.. Fucking stupid people
BLOCKING THAT COMPROMISE WILL FOLD THE TRUMP MOVEMENT AND HAND THE NATION BACK TO GLOBALISTS DEVILS
Paul & Jordan will own Obamacare as of tomorrow. They know they don't have 60 4 new law. Econ Hitman @Jim_Jordan
we need to be able to join group associations to bring down cost. Just like companies do
take it out and unleash the free market. Let the people decide what coverage and where to buy from
I guarantee you, if the GOP fights Trump on this, this country will go to shit
BETTER BE TO TELL US HOW OBAMACARE WILL GET REPLACED. DON'T COME TO IOWA WITHOUT A REPLACEMENT
we all want you guys to succeed but I don't understand why you just can't get in one room and do it
Making a grave mistake 2018 will be a repeat of what the Dem did 2 themselves Put bill thru 1st phase work thru it
tou are getting bottled up in this like Obama did who then never recovered agenda. NEED TAX REFORM
@hughhewitt This should be incorporated.
. YOU WILL DELAY AGENDA of YOUR PARTY & PRESIDENT  - look at yhe MARKET
from the largest insurance agent community, we feel @RandPaul's plan is the best for USA healthcare!
@RonPaul @MariaBartiromo #GuttedWorkersComp #MedicaidOffTheHook #Obamacare2 #RickScottMedicareFRAUDKING 

@POTUS @realDonaldTrump
Support our president... Bill is Not perfect but is better then what we got
no full repeal, reduction of govt regulation is the only way to ever make it affordable
I would like to know what the Insurance industry is doing to create a new healthcare Insurance .
You get it about insurers. Your consortium idea is dead on. Offers group negotiation power with out being an employer. Press on!
such BS u spew. roup plans are not going to solve this problem. How will low incm. people pay for it?Tired of this fact free world
It costs less to fix a car/home/computer, pretty much anything, than it does to buy a new one #fixaca
Treason is bit more important than changing healthcare, you should be discussing Trump and Russia..
Pull Bill all parties behind closed doors NO MEDIA non stop negotiations until all are on same page
these jackasses had 7 yrs - so pissed with them- holding back tax reform
Would have been cleaner to repeal n total
@MMjustified @FoxBusiness @MariaBartiromo please be in charge of the full repeal and replace! Ryan care is not helping anyone.
Free market, purchase across state lines. Get government out of it. #CompleteRepealOfAFA/ObamaCare
Here's how to do it NOW, not in Phase 3, which will end up forgotten.
You did great! Keep reminding them why we gave the GOP all three branches of Government.
pass this one for the short term future. This bill is what OBamaCare should have been 7 years ago.
yes! Repeal is what we want. It is not the govt job to provide healthcare
go and work with everyone instead of just being on tv
dunno... maybe you should be focused on the TREASON and Russian invasion, Senator! You're no patriot
https://twitter.com/larryeklayman/status/844376282632638464 …
. Good interview. I've said all along..clean repeeal should have been voted, pass or not.
The fact..that having a majority the speaker did not vote a repeal is bad politics ..
Please a #FullRepeal
right we don't like it #completerepeal
you hitched your wagon to the wrong horse. Don't expect to be reelected
Good morning Thank you  Make America safe again.  With  Obama Care God Bless you God Bless USA 
Please fix it. My gbladder is bad w/no ins. 200 to much for Medicaid 800 a month for ocare! Help!
I feel that everyone in congress needs to be on this Gov. Healthcare.  If we have to take it so do U.
Sen, work together to solve prblms! Stop fighting! Citizens support our @POTUS #DraintheSwamp #MAGA
Pretty sure @POTUS does not know what's in this bill, he's promising things this bill completely goes against.
Rand please not let them pass HC bill without free market. Also I hearing PR is deceiving P-Trump
While there, explain how Russians turned you. Or are you a willing member of the Russian 5th Column?
prepare to lose your seat
You must  do something. People will lose all respect for you if you do not make it happen. All of you
stand and fight I'm with you.
Make sure you explain why it’s acceptable to kick people off of healthcare.
No, you explain why Congress exempted itself from this nightmare!
Keep up the struggle.
