For once McCain is right
he is wrong to do so senator.
Mc Cain is lying for CIA Fighting in Syria would help Saudis to steal Syria by establish oil pipeline..Assad said NO, Assad become target
Is John McCain a #CIA asset?
That hatred spreader called @SenJohnMcCain backs terrorism. Shouldn't be in jail?
John mccain is a lying lunatic and should be removed from office immediately!
Rand Paul is hopeless.if Trump said ocean is blue,Paul would say white
All of u on this page should go over there a see the babies killed by a murderer don't u think it's time he's only killed 5 hundred thousand
democrat McCain must go  on a horse tar & featured
I emailed McCain- McCarthy to listen to Ron Paul on RT
McCain is traitorous fool, delay cause Angels are with Putin. Suppose to fight against demons not with them...delay & no WW3
Thanks, @RandPaul  kinda crazy that @POTUS aligned himself with Graham/McCain/Rubio et al
The three puppets with Netanyahu. REMOVE THEM
I agree with @RandPaul We are sick of these NeoCons causing wars for profit Blood for money! ENOUGH @SenJohnMcCain 
@POTUS #NOMOREWARS OR FF
McCain hasn't been right for a VERY long time...
Senator Mc Cain,  as I read the US Constitution,  Congress has the power to declare war.   I think Senator Paul is right.
McCain is a terribly embittered man. I'm thinking he wasn't breastfed as a child
John McCain needs to F-ING go away! Who the F keeps voting him back in war monger freak
Back off Rand. Talk privately with Trump. This is not not making you look good.
Too late - congress made this "bomber" an "Imperial President" - attack anyone on his say so alone https://www.opednews.com/articles/An-American-Chilcot-Report-by-Lance-Ciepiela-Articles-Of-Impeachment_Chilcot-Report_George-W-Bush_Iraq-War-160714-948.html … #lawless #fraud
As bad as I hate admitting it McCain is right on this one. 535 people think they are commander in chief.
#McCain should be in #Gitmo along with the rest of his buddies!
Nice
Is the Syrian civil war about a oil pipeline? Is John McCain involved? We know he is a neo-con warmonger. McCain needs help.
Not so fast. The games continue. If you don't know who they are by now, send pm. They must be stopped.
Don't care for Rand Paul but he's right and warmonger McCain (it's as if he wants others to suffer the way he had!) is wrong.
@POTUS sent a msg, he DIDN"T start a war. Stop ignoring the ISIS/NK's Chipmunk factors when you whine!
Work on things you understand & leave the Middle East to the guy that turned 1 million into 9 Billion.We voted Trump/Pence not Paul/McCain
Getting Congressional approval gives warning to enemy. These types of attacks need to be like mob hits else they will not be as effective.
Yes, this is correct. Its 1 thing to carry out an occasional attack, its another to declare war on a country. 2 different scenarios! #tcot
Like Rand Paul! Don't agree with McCain very often, but I agree here.
I think that was Soros funded. He wants to return over the world & manipulates world markets & currency trying to do this.
MC Cain is just another puppet
Mc Cain is right why didn't  u and your buddies that have been on vacation for the last 8YRS  have a medical insurance  Bill ready
Rand Paul is right if you are going to deploy troops need declaration of war make Congress accept responsibility for their votes
McCain is an agent of the International Islamo-Fascist Machine. The fascist thugs gave him a medal in January.
McCain wants to go to war with everybody. He is a senile old warmonger
I call for Rand Paul to step down since he serves for his own benefit and not Kentuckians!
How so? Kentuckians want war? I don't.
Rand, I like you, but I really don't expect you to understand these martial issues yet. You are not a fully grown man. One day you may know.
Tell Paul to pound sand. The Lotus did what he is authorized to do under current War Powers Act. Congress works too slow to be effective!
If you're upsetting McCain, and other warmongers, then you are doing what's right. Keep fighting the good fight!!
McCain and Donald Trump or war-mongering environmental terrorist
Senator Paul should work on getting healthcare, taxes & immigration reform implemented. Let Trump/Mattis/Gorka take care of mess Obama made.
Pres Trump has not declared war!  As one of your constituents I ask you to stand WITH him not against!!!
#StandWithRand
McCain has completely forgotten anything about the Constitution. He's gone from a hero to embarrassment.
Rand Paul is one of the few who are right about thier role in government. Mcain is a warmonger who should be voted out of office.
Blah blah blah!
Y'all can't agree on anything.  He would die of old age while senators argued
I #StandWithRand.
McCain is a worn out warrior
Rand, I love you, but this is not a War..........get a grip
Attacking a sovereign nation unprovoked is an act of war... Q: If KILLARY had won & did this, what would your stance be now? Honest answer..
honest answer....I would thank God that the USA stuck up for Morale values
I, unlike you, do not believe it was Assad who "gassed his people," and that's where our problem begins ...
i do not care what you think unless you provide facts that back it up
Ditto! 
ok then
It's all good ... Agree to disagree ... we are not the liberal left, we can do that ... 
Wrong? Said by Mc Cain is definitly BS!!
That's reassuring, Sen McCain.
Congress gave POTUS the authority after 9/11. Only congress can take it away. Do your job.
"Atrocity is not an excuse to disobey the Constitution." I like that, Senator, and you're right! Have we forgotten Libya?
Good grief gentlemen, the President hasn't asked for it back off, let him handle it!It is constitutional for him to act! Protect our troops!
Screw McCain. Can we just ignore him please?
Is McCain ever fuckin right lately?
C'mon McCain said you're wrong, that's the debate winner....
@Iaissezfaire why do arizonians keep giving john mccain their money?
No one believes MCCain don't know why Trump would now.  McCain is a Neocon warmonger liar.
Wish I voted for you. Sorry. :( There's always 2020.
Thank you. Senator for your commitment to the Constitution. A march to war should be the longest of all.  Not blindly wailing away as McCain
Rand Paul is losing it.
Rand Paul your right Stop McCain  #
@veganvecoh 
McCain is irrelevant,Paul deserves better but he didn't lie during campaigns like trump so we didn't get our votes.
since all presidents do this, perhaps the Constitution could be amended to make it legal
Maybe demand tax reform, healthcare reform and dealing with the myriad problems we have.
John McCain has never seen a war he didn't like.
@RandPaul I don't agree with your interpretation, but agree the debate is good to have.
If we say firing rockets a declaration of war, I seem to remember few being fired from drones in sovereign nations in last 8 yrs Hypocrites!
But, but, but Trump did it . .
@POTUS needs to be able to act immediately without leaks, I don't know if congress is air tight as Dems continue to run anti Trump agenda.
McCain is such a sad little old man.

Only thing congress will do is notify those on the hit list the date, time, place, number of troops that are coming,..traitors would do this
President has the right 2 act for a # of days before & while seeking congressional authorization
McCain never met a war he didn't like.
I hate to say this because McCain is an asshat, but he is correct. Our President needs a certain amount of authority and autonomy to act.
John's a liberal, he is wrong
John McCain is a traitor&is the Military Industrial complex's minion. Shame on the Neocons and their warmongering.
No he is just like most of those other old farts in Washington getting senile we need to clean house in Washington on BOTH SIDES need to go!
And McCain has been wrong about everything since 9/11.
pass a law that anyone supporting alien Wars have to be drafted and embedded with US troops in the line of fire. Coward Mc Cain a traitor
Censure McCain. ECS use he visited Syria 4 weeks ago and did not report publicly who what why where and when what was his purpose CENSURE
You're one of the only sane voices in the warmongering senate. #liberty
McCain is bought and paid for.
@SenJohnMcCain is bloodthirsty and wasn't satisfied by such a targeted strategic strike... definition of a "war hawk"
Rand Paul is right on this Senator McCain. I have immense respect for both of you and here is why Senator Paul is right...
The President has the right to take action on a emergency protection of the nation status. However, to enter into a sustained conflict the
Legislative branch must approve this. This is necessary for checks and balances purposes and to ensure no abuses
@RandPaul is the only one I hear that is making any sense.......why so many crickets?
McCain perfect example of why we need term limits
Don't like agreeing with McCain but Rand Paul is wrong in this instance.
What do you expect form a hawk like McCain? I'm generally supportive of Sen McCain, but he's too trigger happy.
Y'all couldn't all get together on anything.. Dems will take back over in a few yrs because y'all can't all get along.. Pitiful
Sorry, I would never vote for you for POTUS  You have never fought to defend our country and you have no right to disrespect @JohnMcCain
If trump waited for congress to approve the strike on Syria he would be waiting for weeks MAGA 
Can his daughter #MeghanMcCain finish his term...PLEASE!!!
I can't believe I agree with McCain sad day when McCain is the voice of reason
How the hell does McCain, an ex POW, crave war!? This is mind blowing! At what point does Congress answer to it's constituency?
Rand is wrong and he should shut his face!
Wow ever heard of the constitution and also what job entails. But heck we have been in proxy wars forever at this point.
I have liked your rhetoric for some time, but in this last election cycle it seemed like you weren't even trying to win, why?
If "shoe on other foot," you'd prefer to have that tool. Delay, partisanship, leaks and media meddling, will denigrate essence of response!
McCain has been wrong about almost everything since the 60's.
Why so you all can talk about it for a month and then go out to the media tell everyone what method US will use! Go back & get ACA fixed now
You both are Libtards!
If McCain says Rand Paul is wrong, then Rand Paul is right!
Of course McCain would.
How do you want things done. Did you like to see those atrocities against innocent people? We aren't pro war but something must be done ASAP
Oh yes, let's have military decisions bogged down in Congress so we can announce our plans to our advisory well in advance.
Why? so someone in Congress can go tell New York Times.
YOU ARE WRONG!
Paul is constitutionally wrong.  But I agree with the idea.
They're both right, they're not talking about the same thing
Rand Paul needs to stand down! In fact he needs to retire! Get behind you POTUS or quit!
McCain is wrong. He loves war for inexplicable reason. Has a hard-on for Russia. Needs to "retire". @RandPaul is correct
I don't agree with you often, but I do on this one.
I wish the two would duel and both lose...
If Trump decides to do what McCain wants then yes he needs to obtain that authorization. But for strike or operation less than 60 days, no
The Wars Resolution Act of 1973 gave Trump the latitude. Bush took action after 9/11 using the same Act.
PIVOT -Rand Paul, Trump’s apparent new ally hired Dmitry Simes and Richard Burt as foreign policy advisors before running for president
I'm sorry I voted for that looney tune. Time for John to retire.
I though Congress already had Constitutional authorization. Introduce a Bill . . .
not a  fan of McCain one bit but don't agree with Paul here. RP started acting like it was war the other night. Good grief rand
We would be in a constant state of war all over the globe if we followed McCain. 
Thanfully we have a voice of reason in Senator Paul.
Not many pay attention to McCain either
For most fulfilling the role of @POTUS, I'd agree with McCain.  However, the current administration has no credibility and cant be trusted.
How about this-The people demand Congress take care of healthcare and taxes. We didn't go to war! #DoYourJob #TimeForTermLimits
McCain thinking u are wrong is all the affirmation u need
No McCain is wrong! @SenJohnMcCain is a warmongering globalist neocon who doesn't care who dies as long as USA is at war!
F*ck John McCain
Go back to doing health care and SHUT UP!
That position is why McCain lived in a box for years.  We have never lost a war but fail in conflicts.  WE pay attention John!  The PEOPLE.
John McCain on the right side of something? I am amazed! He still needs to go, though.
Isn't the Constitution a legal document in as much as it is the Supreme Law of the Land?  http://ln.is/www.shestokas.com/co/GTqpF …
I guess that he thinks that the Constitution is wrong.
Get the psycho warmonger Paul. He and Graham need to go.
In 24 hrs Trump turned to a lockstep synchronicity w/every globalist I've been against for over th last 16 yrs. Just fuckin great.
They are both idiots, Rand needs to relax and McCain needs to go drown himself in the bathtub
Assad went on bombing but he stopped using chemicals didn't he. Replacing Assad is not on our agenda right now. Death of Isis is the goal!
Just stay on vacation, things get done
Senator Paul, love ya man. But your wrong on this one. Sometimes you need speed and all hell to rain down
seems to me like u would rather see Assad nuke his people and get away with it.....whose side are u on..?
Hard to believe but the world does not revolve around you senator. Get on the train or retire. The only word you know is no.
McCain just wants a fight. As a Neo-con he's never seen a potential war he doesn't like. Spend money and support the MIC. I don't trust him.
Trump was not declaring war. After Vietnam never being declared a war by Congress....a single strike is not a declaration of war
McCain needs to take a back seat.  Months ago meeting with ISIS
He also voted for the nuclear option, after having said that people who were considering it were “idiots”, so....
322 confirmed drone strikes in
Pakistan under Obama
54-64 confirmed drone strikes in
Yemen
3-9 drone strikes in Somalia.
Rand Paul is weak.  We already played that game without success.
You are wrong Rand Paul. RESIGN!
@SenJohnMcCain is easily the single dumbest and least respectable member of Congress. He's clearly a Democrat and he doesn't even know it.
John McCain needs to retire he's a moron
@RandPaul your hearts in the right place but this isn't how you make America love you. Let it go sweetie.
Thank you!!!!
2 dozen congressional people briefed. If you weren't briefed-they either didn't consider you "key" or didn't trust you to keep your yap shut
They certainly are not going to put it in the paper or online. You wouldn't believe b/c of your mindset.I believe what 2 ppl who spoke of it
Stop whining: Over 2 dozen members of congress briefed on Syria strike Thursday nite - as per WPA.
Well, I think McCain is wrong and has become such a hypocrite! He can stuff that in his little Arizona pipe and smoke it! Retire, dude!!
keep fighting the good fight Rand!
He is wrong this wasn't war just a message Get healthcare and taxes done Rand that's where we need you
John McCain??? Isn't he that liberal warmongering senator out of Arizona? Of course he'd say Rand Paul was wrong.
Senator Paul, The majority of the people commenting are idiots and have never read the Constitution or don't care about it. I wish u had won
Rand is wrong. Any high school government class can tell you why.
Time for Rand Paul and John  McCain to retire. TERM LIMITS!!!
Please focus your efforts on leading the consensus effort to fix healthcare first.
shows clear vision/common sense when @realDonaldTrump @POTUS is loosing both @asamjulian @IvankaTrump @WhiteHouse @IngrahamAngle
@VP @POTUS better get ready he will stick it in your back watch for his lead in govt shutdown as in the past. He like obsma would alert foes
Reality : He briefed over 2 dozen members-dem and reps as required by WPA. If you weren't-you either weren't "key" or they didn't trust you
mccain needs to go. hes like dr doom.
RAND PAUL IS 100% CORRECT.
Put mckaine back in the nursing home!
Rand Paul is a 
Is there no way for y'all to remove this nattering old fool from office on technicalities, you know like never seeing a war he didn't like
McCain is a tyrannical fraud with no regard for the Constitution, only enthuaism for seeing stuff go explodey.
A vote would mean these men would have to take responsibility for the deaths of our sons and daughters and the blowback that will come
John's right, its been weeks since we manufactured a new war. Military Industrial Complex needs new shoes.....
. For once I agree w/ Mr Paul. It seems it is coming to that. Push gave way to shove.
#IStandWithRand
You are wrong!
Why did you vote yes on Jeff Sessions? Libertarians support marijuana
I do not think, that this is going any further, believe it was a onetime thing. MaCain needs 2 go 2 old folks home! No more neo-cons
.@RandPaul is wrong. #AUMF allows @POTUS to prevent any future acts of international terrorism against #USA. #WMD & #ISIS are grave threats.
If Hillary's lapdog McCain says it's wrong....That's a strong suggestion @RandPaul is correct! McCain is proof we need term limits!
U should have been VP! U R the perfect balance 2 Pres Trump!
Suppose he puts out this gas again and our soldiers are harmed? America does have a place in this. Selah
Telling the msm that you don't have much pull/say in the Senate was rude & indecent. The man is the prime reason for term limits.
I am no mcain supporter , he is a trump hater , but on this subject he knows best
