Reconstruct  not repeal.
Free market across states- we need competition to lower cost! Do it right!
It's never a good idea to do something stupid even if previously promised.
Stupid is allowing politicians to dictate healthcare.
Agreed.  'Trumpcare' does not change any of that and does not do what he promised.
We can't allow politicians, that can't balance a budget, more control over our healthcare system. No oversight & incentive 2 seek value 4 $
Do it once, do it right
And don't let it be government ran
@SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan can't do just repeal Democrats blew up healthcare n2 splinters go reconciliation 51 votes,maybe split more later
Amen!
Senator Rand Paul you is someone that America should look up to I have a lot of respect for you you are fair an honorable person thank you
I agree. Just get out of the insurance business please
Rand if you & the 9 others can get 50 votes 4your plan,bring it.But don't put the ball back in the Dems court they want one payer Healthcare
People have to rethink voting for Rand Paul and the five who held this bill up. They need to be voted out of office. Clean the swamp.
Why? Because they aren't yes-men for the president?
All of these laws don't mean nothing cause once the 1st bomb goes off in North Korea there goes the world then these laws would mean nothing
You keep waging your hero #AynRand's war of #greed on avg. folks when even she needed govt safety net. #hypocrite
Get it done
RAND PAUL is 100% CORRECT!
No he's wrong. We were promised simultaneous repeal and replace. And no carve out for pre existing conditions.
NO..........we were promised REPEAL
Rand needs to hear G.Gutfied's analogy on it then he will see there is a world of difference between the two plans.
Uh huh. I'll take it from the Senator before I do a news anchor.
Mandatory with fines, or optional without, and state controlled. Doesn't sound like the same to me. But hey choices are great to have.
Stop lying & trying to manipulate & Brain wash people by saying Obamacare\ACA is failing. CBC says it is stable. Stop Stop lying!
CBC? How about the we listen to those who lost their coverage and are paying astronomically high deductibles and premiums? Fuck them, right?
Okay CBO. If serious you look at ACA & fix it. Also plans that were lost didn't cover things like Cancer or serious illnesses. #junkplans
If serious, you toss out centralized planning and you encourage a group marketplace through reform and private groups. A real solution.
I love Rand Paul's idea! It's perfect!
Just do it repeal and replace take all regs out and replace
North Korean leader I have to stick up for my president no matter how much I dislike him he's still my president you going two lose big time
then don't take the break and stay in DC and get a healthcare bill that will work. we need to remember those that don't keep promises.
Repeal and flood the market.

Republicans ran on REPEAL. Makes me wonder if all those repeal bills are written on toilet paper & we know what thats good for. #MAGA
I have to agree with Senator Paul
You can't repeal unless you have 60 votes. Dems are laughing sitting on the White House steps
The debt collectors wouldn't have jobs w/o medical bills!
Do we want Socialized Medicine?
Exactly......
I don't want 2 hear ANY whining from @RandPaul when the bill fails to pass & o'care remains. Yes, Rand Paul, you will own it.
WRONG. @POTUS promised repeal and replace with no limit for pre existing conditions. Promised during campaign & interview w/ Leslie Stahl.
States had that already- but OK- no argument on preexisting- not the point.Insurer payoffs billionstax$$ will go into @GOP pockets/kickback
He's like his Dad....stick to his guns and never get anything done.....republicans are a minority party....get use to it people
@RandPaul @tedcruz
STOP THIS HEALTH CARE CRAP,
TOTAL #Corruption
#SpecialInterest
#REPEAL Completely
If you steal healthcare from poor people & children, you have abandoned the teachings of Jesus, & doomed yourself to an eternity in Hell.
Repeal
@LATiffani1 @RandPaul remember government gave us public schools. Ever increasing cost and worse results year after year
They are not arguing the merits -- "have to follow the promises we made".  No you don't.  Campaign promises are BS.  Do good.
Repeal ocare. Give us affordable health ins. Our doctors will care for our health. Make everyone pay something. Free is disrespected.
With that attitude, we won't get a bill at all. Rand Paul only cares about his constituents.
What's wrong with that? That's who got him in
He has to think of all of us, work with that in mind, or he could very well lose his seat.
Have you written up a counter-proposal??
Thank you, Sen. Paul!
Hey Paul-you and the other idiots-You're toast and the country is toast if you don't get on board. 2018 and dimms rule Congress. WEASELS ALL
Get this done or you'll be looking for work! Enough.
You were elected to repeal and replace. We want it repealed. No .gov health care period.. Get it done or you get voted out.
Get rid of ALL Mandates, UnConstitutional to force Americans to buy something they don't want to buy! Mandated Punishment don't work!
The government should not be in the health care business. Repeal Ocare and make a few laws to keep insurance co. honest, go to free market.
Now we'll find out what elected Republicans truly stand for. If this Bill passes, it means GOP was for Obamacare all along. #GOP
Not really. Its just that they had no better plans in the works. They figured they'd tell everyone a dream to get their candidate in. Uh oh
Stop Hurting the party by bringing your comments to Charlie rose
Rand Paul is a poser.  A little pussy.  He does his little act every time.  He will act all tough.  Then vote in lock step.  Pitiful.

Go Rand Go!
Repeal it completely, then get oit of the way and leave it alone #GetGovtOutOfHealthcare
#Obamacare will be forever 
@realDonaldTrump
The country does not want it repealed, we want it fixed.
Why don't you call it like it is? You need to repair it instead of repeal it!!! Gees!
If they can get 60 votes for a full repeal do it! if not you have to go with reconciliation.
Only a fool would follow Trump.
How do I break it down, any take over,fix,replace, you have to phase it, so let's start phase one so were not kicking the can, vote yes󾓦󾓦󾓦󾓦
No. ACA came into existence as a whole, it has to be dumped as a whole.
# Repeal and Replace
Absolutely.  Repeal.  Hope you get the next step done as well 
We want a bill that will lower premiums. Bill for us & not insurance companies. Do it right. It has to be a good bill & not just anything.
If they wanted to do it right they would do away with all health insurance but catastrophic and force doctors to lower prices.
Repeal & replace whatever the Senate put forth! Looks like another setup against Potus to blame him not them!
Thanks for your work Senator and for your principles.
Absolutely! Repeal it. Bring healthcare back to the private sector.
agree Senator Paul! What we need is a truly free market!
Repeal it repeal it repeal it... The US is not a Socialist Country.
@SenateMajLdr Conservatives voted for repeal in 2015
Vote of No confidence in you is coming soon Mitch
@Hannity
@SenJohnThune
#maga
If they can't or won't repeal it then at least give us the option to not participate. No more Individual or Employer Mandates.
#StandWithRand
Good luck with that......,,,,,,(,
go back with what we had before obamacare. Was anyone complaining then?do this while we get a gripe on this. Tell pres.
Don't let anyone bully you. Don't want McConnell's ACA2.0 #StandStrong
Thats is an astute observation. Don't get wrapped up with providing another plan that can't be sustained. We dont owe everyone a health plan
I STAND WITH RAND.
It has implode before Dems take it seriously
Just grow up and get on board
Republicans are in bed with Democrats lying to Voters and MY President Trump, They Stood Together for a Special Council against President
Mr. Paul is right. This bill is designed to appease left & r new socialist society.
Please explain why we can't copy system similar to Australia GB or Germany?????
Money our deficit can't afford I bet. And where is the president's budget for this yr anyway?
Problem is much deeper Pharma and  Insurance use some senators as lobbyists. Who is writing the bill ?
You cannot "repeal" without Dems.  GET IT RAND?   Do what you can NOW! or face loss of congress in 2018.
Yeah, are you trying to explain basic senate rules to a senator? This is why you work to prove your theory would work. Convince others.
Rand Paul is correct. This is not a repeal, a promise made but not kept.
I challenge you to hold a townhall to find out what KY wants. I guarantee it isn't repeal.
You mean what you and your organized group of protesters will want? Rand has always been critical of ACA and it led to him being re-elected.
I'm ok w fixing ACA too. Whatever is best for all.  Keep at it congress & @potus!
We agree with Rand Paul! Are those Republicans like McConnell and his buddies being paid by insurance co to screw us!!!
Stop splitting hairs for the love of God Rand. GET ON THE TRAIN OR GET OUT OF THE WAY
You meant band wagon. It's called a band wagon.
@TeamCavuto @RandPaul If OC repealed, what is left?
How about repeal it, and let the market replace it. I don't think it was so bad before Obamacare. Always going to be people needing coverage
does  not harm people), the Republicans will be out in 2018.
justices. You need to think what serves your constituents the most.  If  you do not get this done and done right (repeal and replace that
coverage. Many promised to replace it. Work with your party or you  will destroy your party and that means someone else will appoint SC
When will you catch on and stop being so idiotically stubborn? That is not all everyone promised. Many promised people would not lose their
I absolutely have health insurance because of the ACA. Obamacare saved my life.
Yeah, meanwhile my single neighbor, a single mother of 3 kids, just had her deductible raised to $14,000. That's not coverage.
THATS RIGHT! The clock is ticking!
Paul is trying to say " repeal and not replace", he'll feel better when the news are full of Americans dying, with no health care.
This senator wants to see more DEAD AMERICANS for him this healthcare bill does not pay the rich enough & still doesn't hurt USA Enough!!
It's never going to be repealed. Fix the parts of the ACA that need repair. You have had 8 years to come up with a plan. You failed.
No thanks. We're conservatives and we won all offices. Democrats will be to blame for failing ACA, until they come aboard a conservative fix
Repeal it or just let it die
You said it repeal. Tell GOP to pull the knife out of voters backs and do what they promised
Crossing state lines
Tort reform
Repeal of ALL the bad
This is an Obamacare Rescue Bill
They're passing on us & telling us it's raining.
need bells and whistles that I don't need but are in there so people that DON'T pay for insurance get them. Charity is charity, not a tax!!
If you can't repeal it now, with both houses and the Whitehouse,as far from midterm elections as possible,YOU DON'T WANT TO. #StandWithRand
need government regulations. If you're on Medicaid or Medicare, those are government programs. That's fine. MetLife is private. It doesn't
RAND PAUL IS CORRECT. TRUMP IS WRONG. I LOVE Trump but he promised to repeal it, not tweak and change it. Private health insurance does not
Rand, what is a promise worth if it hurts people to keep it and the majority doesn't want it any more? Be a representative not a politician.
Be nice to get democrats to contribute instead of criticism but hey that's how they are
What needs to be changed to fully repeal Obama Care. Can someone state it in a  clear method
What are the big items that some Senators don't agree on repealing. I hear some Senators say I just cant get behind it because of ...
Is 71 Billion really part of the Senate Health Care Plan over xx number of years?
@janethaneberg @RandPaul congress better not take a month off in Aug on taxpayers dime if they don't finish health care/ tax reform
Former Gov Huckabee is seeking signatures for a petition -- requesting congress remain in DC. The petition is right up your alley.
I wish all you REPEAL idiots would get the MSG, There IS NOT ENOUGH VOTES IN THE HOUSE TO REPEAL Obamacare! Thats why it hasnt been done!
@realDonaldTrump President Trump we Love you! But you have to keep your promise to repeal the Failure called Obama disaster
Promises to whom.  The vast majority of Americans want to fix the ACA.
I do not. I want it gone. At least Trump is working to fix the VA. I still have to provide health insurance for family. I was able to b4 ACA
Full repeal no need to replace go back to how it was before Obamacare.
Rand knows damn right well #Obamacare CAN'T BE REPEALED it CAN ONLY B MODIFIED under Reconciliation.  Stop Jerkin round & pass da Fuk'n Bill
You made that promise to your rich donors not American people
Insurance profited over $14 billion last year. You're going to lecture us about helping out the rich? Get real!
Yes @RandPaul 

Please REPEAL.. Do not let them deter..
never mind that 78% of Americans don't want you to keep that promise
Aren't gonna get it

Get what you can get now and get more later. It's a progressive process to final success.
But you need to be mature to understand that, and an "I got mine" libertarian like Paul is as mature as a 14-year-old.
So the democrats get Obamacare all at once and the Republicans just have to wait 100 years to get rid of it while the dems pas more shit? k.
REPEAL IS A MYTH! STOP DRAGGING IT OUT!
STOP THE SOLO ACT FOR THE SENATE RAND! You and your boys over at the HFC are nothing but #NeverTrump stallers. Good guy acts dont fool me!
Agree REPEAL
Agree!!!! 
I think the language is far to advanced for interpretation of the bill ask Nancy!  Get out a pencil and paper and interview the people
Repeal it! Govt shouldn't be in health care business.   Look at the VA
#Trumpcare is 'about giving a massive gift to wealthy & well-connected—on the backs of children, working families, sick & elderly' SenMurray
Your bullshit doesn't fly with conservatives. Your ACA helped a few insurance companies make a profit of over $14 billion last year.
Agreed...
Repeal and Replace. 
Paul is correct: the Senate bill is shameful.  The problem is the #ACA is going to 100% fail soon & WE now own it.  Yes...it's OUR problem.
Govt involved because when someone isn't covered we all pay. Don't water-down insurance w/ caps and don't exclude folks with high costs
You misspelled "We decided to fix the existing ACA. All the good stuff from the Masschustts bill that inspired it is already built in."
you all lied knowing none of you lame Republicans had anything drafted up until after January 20th, typical politicians
You will reap what you sow,and you won't be able to do anything about it
More socialist agenda being pushed FULL REPEAL NOW NO REPLACE
Please Do: Fake Indian Leftist Democrat Wants Party To Get On Single-Payer Health Care Train http://trib.al/9YIkDZ6 
Senator Paul is taking the lead in the repeal effort.  Thank you sir!
All of you ain't about shit,you are the cause of all the world's troubles,and you don't want to fix it.no money in fixing things.
Just say NO - it hurts ordinary peeps. Go single payer Medicare for all. Scrape tax cuts for wealthiest peeps- they don't need it- we do!
And how do we pay for this?
Easy. Same way we are going to pay for massive tax cuts for top 1%.
Wealthy pay 90% of all taxes and its still not enough! We have to stop spending!! 20 TRILLON IN DEBT!
They have over 90 % of all wealth in country& debt climbing with all Trump's golf vacations& wife not living in WH for extended periods, etc
Right, Trump is the problem and its his fault we are 20 Trillion in debt.... ignore the problem & it will just melt away..like a snowflake;)
in debt because BOTH PARTIES could not balance taxes & spending. Now T & GOP are not helping situation.
At least u agree its both parties. DC is a disgrace including the GOP. Trump on the other hand, is hopefully going to CHG things w Gods help
@RandPaul gets it! A #CleanRepeal is what candidate #DJTrump espoused & what the electorate expects. @trish_regan @MelissaAFrancis #DoItNow
Why not just let it implode, then go back to pre big insurance company monopoly...why not non profit insurance companies?
You don't follow through on promises that nobody wants anymore (support at 17% - abysmal). Esp if you're a PHYSICIAN! Recall "Do no harm?"
Good job fighting for the people, not just a party!
Thanks Sen Paul, total repeal hard requirement as OBC has too much Gov in Econ. GOP plan must be a true free market solution
@RandPaul
Let Obamacare sink and fail....then come back with a plan without all the freebies..Make it affordable where the people buy it.Keep Gov out
Thank God someone can see the mess!  Free Market, PLEASE!
The big question: when will the Trump fans get their Big Yellow Taxi moment?
Rand Paul 100% obstructionist ! Got an axe to grind cause he lost! Pass it then tweak. Falling on his own sword!
You got 60 votes?!!!
Remember the 30 milion  Obama care covered. Was found to be only 11 million. What they don't  tell you is who they were.
Really why don't you give up on all obama achievements
You've had 7 years to come up with a better plan. Give it up man
@RandPaul Why don't you STOP the #obstruction !?
POTUS Never ran on replace just repeal. FULL REPEAL NOW @SenGOP !!!!!!
Totally agree!
Thank you Senator Paul.
#CircusClowns of the @HouseDemocrats
Give it up, Rand. Get through what you can!
@RandPaul is an #Obstructionist just like #CryingChuck
Better at times to take something rather than end up with nothing!
Not always! #RepealAndReplace
I'm sure the bill is fine , I'm sure the problem is you @RandPaul, just like all your  Democrat demolition Buddies
But your fellow Reps lied and really didn't want to fully repeal. At this point in time, take the best thing you can get.
Stop writing fake news
What are you watching @CNN? They are fake news central! You better wake up soon! Rand Paul speaks the truth! Read the bill!
Paul lam an independent voter and veteran served 43 month joined did wait to be Drafted in makes me sick to have an A..Hole like you aSentor
I miss it. Did all the senators at the round table have to each praise how wonderful Pesident Clown is and blessed to be entertained.
No basic fundamentals. Sit down and grow up together. You have a cute position, but its the people who are important, not your position.
This is about following through on misguided promises to constituents vs. best bipartisan solution for country.  Party > Country? Shameful.
We have one president. He should have the ultimate say so. Dem. Rep. come together one time. But most of u guys I can tell have no clue!
 #Trumpcare @realDonaldTrump 
Paul your butt is on the line! This bill has "no heart" like the one who will sign it!
