We the people must get behind this amendment.
Repeal and replace Obamacare 
Fix the tax code
Help disaster victims 
Build the wall
Sorry, but even the @GOP will agree that the wall's out. With all the disaster $, there's no $ left & a limit to how high a debt ceiling
There are plenty of ways the wall can be funded
Yep. @POTUS & his supporters can pay for it. Piece of cake.
You have a point, most Trump haters don't have money unless they are getting paid to riot.
Oops, but it's the blue states which support the red states. And the GOP PACs pay for organizing their riots, so...
Actually, the red working states support the blue states, and it's George Soros paying people to riot, do some research...it's free
But the red states collect the most in handouts, so by definition, are not working as much. LOL Soros supports much less than the @GOP PACs
Go get 'em Rand! And yet another reason to support OSTA
@realDonaldTrump - align yourself with our president.  Term limits for all of you sucking off the taxpayers.  Honor to serve - not a career
Keep fighting sir! I cannot believe how far the so called "right" has fallen. No longer a bastion for fiscal responsibility. .....SAD!!!!
stay strong

So, you choose to be on side of Establishment.  Not a good place to be.
So sick of Congress trying to extract their bs on the backs of hard working distressed Americans!  Sickening!
Why are you tweeting in the 3rd person?
F u

Don't they have to raise the debt ceiling to pay for Harvey funding?
I agree , Senator. o not let hem use us Texans as pawns for what they want. Keep up the fight
Rand Paul is a trusted American. Thanks for letting us know what the crooks in the swamp are up to.
Keep on fight Rand.  There should be no 'pork' in Debt Ceiling.  Harvey and Irma should come from emergency funding.  Thanks.
and Washington, Oregon, Montana & California fires. Which are just as deadly.
Yes, I'm in Oregon right now, in Astoria, the smog is unbelievable.  Heading south today.  No publicity at all on these fires!!  Shame.
There's been some. Alas, for whatever reason, hurricanes seem to have taken priority. Stay safe, Godspeed.
You too.
It's completely absurd that this was linked. The media should be screaming at the top of their lungs. You don't tie Disasters to politics.
Enough debt already
I'm curious. What's a libertarian plan for disaster relief?
What a slime ball.
Put your big boy pants on Rand!
Thank goodness there's at least one with his head on straight!
THANK YOU! The only good that has come out of this is we are now very sure Trump is still a Democrat.
Isn't the real issue Rand is scared of is Trump negotiated a 3 month extension as opposed to the 18 he and his Rino buddies want
NO bill should contain more than ONE subject & should be thoroughly debated...
Multiple items should BE ILLEGAL & are why nothing gets done!
@HouseGOP @SenateGOP @DNC @realDonaldTrump WTP have WIDE OPEN Cut the waste-fraud-abuse-pork & foreign    aid WTP DEMAND ACCOUNTABILITY!!
Time for you Republicans to get something done.
Be careful you don't just become a critic with no practical solutions around which you can develop a consensus.
Paul "Big League Politics" but no recruits, it's still a dream it's better hoping, than waiting.
Excellent!
I hate how these guys have to slap all sorts of porky agenda-y stuff to what should be a simple effort.Thanks for going up against this mess
I would  have to agree
Great job, Rand! Keep up the good work.
This man fights about everything
Rand Paul for senate majority leader!
thank you !
Good linking these bills is a dishonest and conniving thing to do. Sadly that is business as usual with a  dishonest congress and senate.
Attaboy Rand,..thanks for your wisdom, fairness and LEADERSHIP...  Amen  :)
Thanks Rand!  Y does it seem u r always the only 1on the right side of things?  The Rino's need to be exposed  (loudly) and run out of town.
Aw, snowflake got her feels hurt?  Why won't you deny being a Russian agent?  Is it bc you are one?
Stupid to connect debt ceiling to hurricane relief
Dems&GOP establishment in congress are HEARTLESS BASTARDS
God give Trump all he needs
IJN
This I agree on, a bill having any attachments other than what the purpose of the bill is for, bluntly, is bullshit. #CongressionalIntegrity
Demand Ryan & McConnell to step down! They serve themselves, NOT the people!
#StandWithRand
If you want things done your way, why didn't you just become POTUS?
When you start with daca remember Amer ppl do NOT want to continue supporting these ppl. If you cant support yourself dont come here
Since wr paid for your schooling medical food etc start paying Amer taxpayers back. Middle Amer can barely pay their bills but have
To carry load of illegals is disgusting
Same o same o
Time to get rid of the Republican dead wood in the senate! Mr speaker sound like a good start!
Headline should be 'Mcconnell tries to use Harvey aid fund as political piece in national debt fight'. Much more persuasive @ScottAdamsSays
I'm an Independent, Eastcoast immigrate to Kuctucky and I like your thoughtfulness and courage Senator! I'm watching You....
the reason he's doing it is because y'all can't pass anything. Everything stops in sen. Your failures!
How do you recommend paying for costs related to 'Harvey'?
Good for Rand Paul. Never should things be linked together. Each bill should contain one and only one item. Raising debt ceiling is one item
its disgusting. How much crap was in the Sandy relief. Crooks stealing our money #Draintheswamp
Sen. Paul frequently talks about single topic legislation. 
 The repubs should abandon the 'comprehensive' mega bills,
 like dems always do
I just hope c9ngress can actually do there job. Stubborn and hardheadedness leads to stupidity
Here we go Dems and Reps same, and they wonder why we dislike them.  Vote them out, out now.  #OurRevolution #TheResistance
You better wait on what erma will do.
Cowards
God Bless You Senator Paul.
Harvey gets its own relief bill? What about Montana, Oregon, Washington, California? And now IRMA & Florida, Puerto Rico, Virgin Islands?
#IStandWithRand for standing up for hard working Americans and tax payers. Thank you! God bless you!
Of course you are.. @RandPaul
As a conservative I support your position. A clean Harvey relief bill. No political hijinks.
And the other disasters? Do they get their own bills, too? Or will there be nothing left?
Irma is going to hit hard also. Right behind Irma is Jose. Helping the millions impactex by these storms should be top priority
Thank u Sen. Paul. The first amendment isn't to be attached to a new bill. Stop messing with our constitution. There will be hell to pay.
@IntelligentDad Don't want to "overwork" you guys Rand..a whopping 12 days until your next recess..ho hum..What a joke
Those Rino's running the show really want to keep the establishment going. Separate budget from emergency aid.
Add a rider for funding the Wall, tax relief and Repealing obamacare, too.  1 big legislative bill to get it done!
Not happening, and no $$ for the wall now.
Wake up People of the Great State of Kentucky, get this obstructor OUT!!!!
Save money pay Congress and the Senate by the hour!!
$1000/hr each, I guarantee one of 2 things would happen.  We would either save money or they would actually get something done. Maybe both.
Contrarian, non team player.  GOP trying to.get things.done gues who challenges it...Rand Paul.  History will note his selfishness
nothing to debate with the debt ceiling .  If you dont raise it we default and debt goes up,  its that simple.  Seperate debate on cost cuts
If a bill has the name American, Freedom, Patriot, affordable, or anything like that, it's probably a horrible bill.  Think about it!
Here comes the sales pitch..
Hate to say it-but Harveyfunding is the only leverage to get Ds to act with Rs on some fiscally sane spending reforms-so joining them is bad
...but better than spending run amok!
Cut all spending.
I sympathize but, People living on coast should carry hurricane insurance. Like building in a flood zone, having flood insurance. Make sense
They chose this area knowing possible consequences. I'd have paid extra premiums to protect my investment. Insurance would pay not all us.
@RandPaul to fight everything!
Rand Paul will go to any extreme to stall or screw MAGA agenda etc
@realDonaldTrump @FLOTUS @DonaldJTrumpJr @TomFitton @seanhannity @LouDobbs @SteveKingIA @joelpollak @Jim_Jordan 

v
More about what your not for! Do some dam work. Legislate or get the hell out of the way. That goes for all your cronies as well. #FEDUP
Once believed in the Paul's, but both have only obstructed. Neither father/son can get behind anything but themselves. #MAGA #BuildersGuild
This is sadly True, I was a big fan not anymore
It's  politicians like rand Paul and those democrats that keep this country from moving forward you get flooded see how that is.
Stop being Obstructionist, Mr. Democrat. Get behind the Presidents Agenda. At this point you're no better than #LyinPaulRyan #BuildersGuild
I see the duck follows you. My best indication that you are a BIG problem! @RandPaul I salute this ONE good thing. Now deliver!!
Harvey or any disaster relief fund should never be tied to a debt ceiling. That's a losing political ploy with the voters.
Are you sure your not a Democrat  Rand Paul? You oppose everything  the President  wants?
He's Tea Party. They oppose everything.
U guys kept saving it during obama regime with added funding. @POTUS @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr Just repeal @tedcruz let market control cost
Your correct on this. They cant pass  so want to hide stuff in other bills/laws. Its wrong and why we are in this mess. @POTUS keep it out.
And make sure there's nothing that even rhymes with WALL in anything. No hostages.
Federal government should make flood relief tax-deductible for corporations & private parties. Don't dole out cash-Give a property tax break
STOP blocking EVERYTHING & actuallt DO SOMETHING that results in staying on AGENDA
Rand Paul fights everything He is starting to sound like a child whothrows a tantrum whenhe doesn't get his way.Learn how to compromiseSir.
Good God Rand, are you ever FOR anything ?
@freedomcaucus Why are we trying to stablelize insurance co for Obamacare?Just let it collapse. Folks will never feel it if u keep saving it
No danger of collapsing, without the helpful sabotage of @GOP & Trump. Since they can't pass anything, they have to stabilize their damage.
I think a lot of these folks need to go but no one believes in the job enough now to run
Was never intended to be a career. Were supposed to be citizens who came, served for a few years, & left. Staggered terms so not all new.
No Corruption around
Amen god Bless you 
Debt ceiling relief should have a full debate without the "you didn't vote for Harvey Victims"!!! mentality.  If it's merited, prove it.
Thank you!  I'm so sick of politician's passing their pet projects/concerns in bills like this.  Make it clean, help the victims!
Flood relief a pet project? As a resident of Texas, I wonder where your sense of being rational is derived...How could you be that stupid?
No...debt ceiling lifting tied to it is my problem!!!! There should be No Strings tied to Harvey Relief!!!
I find it weird you're linking news, rather than the bill itself...... Could that be because it's not a clean bill?
Y'all shouldn't have taken your 3 week vacation, now go to work and actually get something done for a change.
Would you get out of the way.  And let @POTUS sink or swim on his actions. Instead of making it all about you
This I agree with!!!!
LOL  So now Rand is "Deep State"? Or is it just anyone who doesn't kowtow to @realDonaldTrump ?
Ok then. Apologies.
Thanks Rand.  You'll fight.  Ppl will talk/argue then some R senators will vote with the Ds..."just couldn't get the cons & mods on same pg"
Totally agree.  Keep them separate and pay for the relief thru cuts to foreign payments.  Makes sense and is quicker.
Foreign payments or foreign aid? There's a YUGE! difference between the 2.
Well foreign pmts is general term, aid more specific. What do you see as "YUGE" Difference?
Payments is paying the debts we owe to other countries. Aid is helping other countries.
Don't think we can back off of a debt, so reference is to the aid to other countries. Didn't realize there was a confusion.
Normally, not so much. But when you have a Prez threatening to shut down the govt and default on debt, then it matters more.
How about do some relief funding for some millitary industrial complex cuts? No? Not on the table anymore rand?
Greetings from my country Paraguay. I'm Singer. I hope know you one day! A dream, my dream: Know United States and a somebody politic! Hi! 
Hello Hugo
Hello Neighbor of the world! 
Build the wall!
So...Ryan & McConnell teying to dodge THEIR responsibilities by tying Harvey aid to other legislation.??  Disgusting.
Beyond disgusting to tie any additional BS to aid relief! Need legislation making against law to do so if these A-holes can't do right thing
These scum bag politicians play games with our money, should be no attachments on any bill
And the fact that there are ppl that want to tack on their own little agendas is disheartening. Need a straight bill for relief funds.
You could careless about American ppl you just keep proving  that to America
You are a blessing to the citzens of the US !!  Thank you !! @POTUS needs you, one of the last honest ppl in the WH
As you should! #DrainTheSwamp
U seem to be the only person in DC who actually wants to help @realDonaldTrump Make America Great Again!! Keep up the good work!
Also, scientists.  @BiologistDan
Thank you
Is there one thing you'll go along with? Anything just to get something done?
Thank you for being willing to go against the grain!
Every Congressperson should resist ALL FUTURE PORK added to any bill they sent to Nos. 45.
How YOU POLITICIANS created OUR $20 trillion debt is any easy calculation without TUNNEL VISION.
John 1:14
And the #Word became #flesh and #dwelt among us, and we beheld His #glory, the #glory as of the only #begotten of [1/2]
the #Father, full of #grace and #truth. [2/2]
2 Corinthians 8:9
For you know the #grace of our #LordJesusChrist, that though He was rich, #yet for your #sakes He became [1/2]
poor, that you through His #poverty might become rich. [2/2]
