A real free market (across state lines) & reduced taxes solves the healthcare problem for me. I don't need  a government program.
No, it won't solve the problem for you or millions of others.
@avemaria412 You don't know what my situation is like. I have health insurance and I still pay out-of-pocket.
What does car insurance have to do with health ins Two completely different animals Car ins is necessary to drive.
Government owned businesses, hospitals etc etc. Don't want the USA to turn into another Cuba or Venezuela.
1) In Venezuela the reduction of healthcare spending and government corruption ruined what ...
What they are afraid of is being held responsible by their constituents who WANT Obamacare and to improve it LIBERALLY.
Fix it period, not liberally but based on reality driving down healthcare cost, then cost of insurance. The American way not a party's way!
Countries with lowest costs & high quality care have AT LEAST universal healthcare for all.... 1/2
And then if you can afford *additional* coverage, there should be both private and public options to choose from.
Repeal the unaffordable ACA, PLEASE !!!!!
Could not agree with you more. ACA must go !!! And please, don't call it Obamacare any more !!!!
You were an eye MD. ACA reigns in Executive comp. you don't even know how it works. You couldn't care less about millions losing coverage
Rand needs to dial it back. He's trying to make himself relevant. It's only making him look foolish.
Sir- Why are medical services & pharma SO much cheaper in the rest of the world? Why R U not protecting us from this price gouging?
He's trying,  one of the few to do so.
Obviously there are serious issues with US healthcare. Why not just copy a healthcare system that works? Why is nothing being accomplished?
It's called a free market,  across state line competition
And you would want a state- for example Texas --having any say in your healthcare?
What does that have to do with what I just said?
States now have various laws impacting ins regs & provision of services. If you're living in N.Mexico & buy a Texas policy- who knows?
Oh come on you really believe that? Buying ins across state lines means no one http://ins.co  has an monopoly in a particular state
Come on Patriots!  Make those calls.  
THEY NEED TO BE AFRAID THEY WILL BE VOTED OUT
THAT IS EXACTLY WHAT WILL HAPPEN IF THEY REFUSE TO DO THEIR JOBS AND WORK WITH OUR PRESIDENT !
Need to show some backbone, bet their spouses didn't know they had none when they got married.
@sammymbausa ~ Afraid of WHAT, Senator Paul???!!
They should be afraid of their voters who are livid & will likely never trust them again. What do they run on next time?
Time to replace these old Republicans and all the Democrats up for reelection with new Republicans that support our president!
He won't be President by the next election.
You @SenateGOP need to fire McConnell.. Congress/Senate leaders operate on what the donor flavor of the day is.. Get Special interest out
They're going to be more afraid when they get voted out and then have to get Obama care!
Problem is Rand ....then are ignoring the People and don't give a crap
They should be...we're voting them out.
@SenateMajLdr @realDonaldTrump STOP giving bailout money to insurance companies! REPEAL it or get voted out 2108! We're fed up with your !
Or maybe they actually care about people's health, unlike you, doctor.
On this thread, and in the Senate he's the ONLY one doing free surgeries for needy patients.  Probably not your strongest argument.  
And in your mind that makes it OK?
They are not afraid! They are sticking with THIER Special Interests!
They need to be afraid of the American people, do your jobs or we will put you out... just sick of it, disgraceful....
I don't want government in my health care...
Make them take the same Health Care they expect us to live by and see how they like it. They will get their hineys in gear then! 
Let's get Fee for Service turned on!!
Something needs to be done about the pharmaceutical industry. Seems to be more about profit than cures.
It's true !!!! Get it done !!!!
Follow the money. You want to drain the swamp you must stop the special interest money, lobbyists, gifts and payoffs that flood congress!
What they better be "afraid" of is the next election cycle. We the People are STILL angry, taking names & READY to show up at the ballot box
They are all wimps.
you know the answer to this mess don't you? obozocare to congress so they get their elitist butts in to repeal! Mccain will be 1st in line!
@RandPaul So so true.  Please help us.
Time too repeal & replace those coward rinos. I Stand With Rand!!!
They aren't afraid.  They are compromised by the very corporations who paid to put/keep them in office.
one of the few good guys.  they are afraid because the USA is hijacked by the synagogue of satan
one of the few good guys.  they are afraid because the USA hijacked by the synagogue of satan
SO WE CAN REPLACE THEM!!

Congress is able 2come together when it means obstructing President Trump & spitting in faces of Patriots that elected him. #DrainTheSwamp 
@RandPaul #Healthcare
There's no fear like invertebrate fear
@SenateGOP
#StandWithRand
That is correct. They are ALL cowards of the worst kind.
Get your colleagues together and discuss reducing their 70% subsidized O'care and then we'll all know you're serious
In this case, Senator Paul, as you fly headlong into the breach, maybe discretion is the better part of valor.
I am watching this debate closely. If congress fails to repeal ACA I will lobby quite vigorously to ensure their retirement
try rallying for the president, You consider your self to important in republican party. We voted for PRES.Trump he is our leader.LOYALTY
Senator Rand Paul is the best go Rand Go
You are one of the few senators that is actually trying to make a difference
The GOP has appeared to completely lost it's collective mind, by proposing to "Shore" up Obamacare!  Alexander is proposing shoring it up!!!
You know what is sad; Conservatives are spending more time fighting the Progressive elements (leadership) in the GOP than the Democrats!
Conservatives r the voting block that put the GOP n control of both Houses, but now the Progressives/Establishment GOP is biting the hand...
How does he screw over Kentucky People so much it's Obamacare state both  senators just bad uncaring A.H. holes.
No they are bought and paid for by insurance companies and big pharma...#maga #draintheswamp
What or who are they afraid of because it's not voters...
Any smallbiz owner with a family of four, making $100k, will pay $2k a month for health insurance with a $6k deductable, fix it!
Cowards should be afraid. Afraid of Republican Districts kicking their scaredy-cat tails to the curb. 
#WednesdayWisfom #Outnumbered
Really? Afraid of taking thoughtful steps that insure Americans have and good equitable insurance? Sir-you'd be wise to consider likewise.
Will someone please listen to the doctor?!
afraid of taking care of people that can't take care of themselves? Why is taking care of people bad? Christian values
The problem of politicians instead of statesmen
Afraid to lose elections if they throw people off healrh insurance.  Only 3 seem to truly care.
exactly yup they are just afraid to be american
I don't agree w a lot of or perspective but I generally appreciate your commitment to libertarian ideals & nuanced policy. This was neither
Forgive them father for they know not what they do
Go for the root. Repeal the Healthcare Maintenance Organization Act of 1973. Service based healthcare, not profit.
Let the Congress pay $20,000 out of their $100,000 families budget like the struggling $50,000 taxpayer families are forced 2 pay 2expensive
They act afraid.   But of what?  They should stop fearing what their darlings in the MSM are going to say.  They should fear us voters.
Unable to pass small bills on healthcare like selling across state line insurance? Deconstruct ACA piece by piece?
They are just afraid! They are terrifying us. They've hijacked Congress/Senate and handed it over to lobbyist for money.
How could you and your associates just drop everything and go on a vacation for the month?  That is THE MOST IRRESPONSIBLE thing I've ever!
Listen to regeans socialized medicine speech
Keep fighting to get it repealed. We are suffering with it
Thank You! @RepJimRenacci thoughts? Are You working with him?
Your colleagues have compassion, something you're devoid of! You just want to work for your special interests, not the people #bipolarPOTUS
But also corrupt
All these dumb Russian trolls
One explanation.Other reasons:traitors,rinos,rinocrats,not getting bribes,won't help Trump,dimocrats...The list is endless.
Rand is right. RINO's are afraid which makes them cowards they are. Cowards don't fight. They cave and lie about it. Doing it for decades.
Afraid of what? Fear of doing their job? Motivational anxiety to follow through on campaign promise (repeal Ocare) = grounds for termination
It is official senators are in fact cowards.
But we R through with being excluded from our own representation. However, we will physically protect them once they own up.
If they R afraid of the deep state, don't you think it's time to include Patriots in the process? We R a forgiving ppl.
Out w/the Corporate rich & hire brilliant minds by the people and for THE PEOPLE!
Why can't you be a strong leader and show the American people that the Republicans are not just a bunch of "pure liars and useless".
Afraid of standing up for the citizens they represent and serve ? Or..,,what ?
U say u use #ACA & it's awful-What%of ur take home does it cost?1/3 like me w/unreachable deductibles? DOESN'T WORK.Stop resisting&HELP FIX!
What about t/criminality that took place under t/unlawful Obama administration w/all the unmasking of US citizens. What ru doing about it???
Isn't it about time that Republicans grow a brain and realize that the USA is sinking into a 3rd world country. Can't you stop the insanity?
Money talks in D.C.  Senate afraid to loose that lobby money.
They need to get un-afraid quick or get voted out! Don't believe the polls saying we want it... the polls proved to be wrong on everything!
And in the meantime Americans have health care they can't afford, or none at all! Time to put Americans first, open market ,lots of options
Funny how they weren't afraid to pass obamacare just to read it. What idiots! Shameful and disgrace! And NO MORE MOSQUES IN AMERICA!
They are RINOs
Why are all @RandPaul posts on Twitter and Facebook always in the third person?
Rand you need to ask them who they are scared of most healthcare or AMERICAN VOTERS? Because WE WILL VOTE EVERY LAST ONE OF YOU OUT!!!
Thank you for sticking to your high moral standards Senator Paul
Afraid of choosing our own plans and doctors?  You Senators are full of shit. We don't need you to dictate to us on limited choices of care
Afraid of what? It sure as hell isn't their voters! They know exactly what they campaigned on #RepealObamacare
Maybe. Or a few of them are actually trying to be responsible to their constituents rather than obsessing over a personal political agenda
In 2018 and 2020, they will ALL be sent home.
Senate Republicans: get it together!! We who voted for you, won't do it again! Support our President!
The federal government has NO business in the healthcare business. None
Keep after it! This needs to get done, simply. Need to stress that this is health insurance and not healthcare.
The traitors should of thought of that before screwing WE THE PEOPLE!  #RepealCongressComing
Senator Paul tell Paul Ryan his FAKE funding for 60 miles for THE WALL is unacceptable!  Freeze $$ for migrants we want it spent on the WALL
We want McCain Gone and those other 2 jackasses  along with him!  #RetireMcCain
Fear is the only reason the bill, that they admitted was terrible, got any votes Rand....
Damn cowards won't stand for anything. Gotta vote the Rinos out.
POTUS needs to sign an EO rescinding Congress subsidies tomorrow @realDonaldTrump another one revoking their 5 week recess!  ENOUGH!
Somebody needs to pull them together. Get it done.
Please keep up your fight for America's small businesses suffering in individual markets!
Yes, afraid to lose their (and yours) 73% Obama care premium subsidy, along with $0 deductible.
Require Congress to have Obamacare for their own healthcare.  That will make them very afraid, but will likely motivate them to repeal it.
Senator Paul, I wish you could've written the new healthcare law early on. You're the only one who knows what's going on.
How do you think we feel with your inability to govern?
Afraid to burn healthcare to the ground? Yeah, that's not a terrible fear...
U r about as well-liked as Ted Cruz. Zip  it!!

Senate Majority Leader @RandPaul ... sounds good 
Yes Rand, most GOP Senators are cowards and some are traitors. Thank you for being proactive by sharing your ideas with @POTUS #AGA
Still love this guy.
Seriously.
They most definitely should be afraid of the voters, but They have proven that WE THE PEOPLE DON'T MATTER!!
all of u have been there too long.  Need a 1 term rule.  No pension, no eternal ins. Get that done and I'll believe .
Looking more and more like I was correct. Single payer was the plan all along, from both sides. 
EVERY body is afraid.....walk through the fear.
Thank you sir for your hard work and dedication, glad to have you representing me.
And rightfully so!  Millions will loose their healthcare!
I wish your Senate colleagues were more afraid of the American people than they are of "who" or "what?"
Thank u for your efforts to shrink gov & give us our freedom back!The O Gov smothered us in taxes&regulations while wasting & mismanaging $$
At 54 so am I.... as long as I am unable to purchase health insurance.
You wouldn't hire a pool builder to run a bank, so why does congress think they can manage a health insurance program.Oversight only
I'm sure a staffer did it, but it seems a bit narcissistic to tweet articles about oneself. We get enough narcissism from someone else.
The GOP RINOS are cowards and afraid they will loose K Street funding
If the Senate and the Congress go on vacation without accomplish what they said they would do - don't come back to work - your fired
Because too many politicians are being paid to vote the other way. The banks and health care firms don't want things to change. #Corruption
Thank You Sir for the @NDAA2012  and I would like to see it undone completely. Some of my friends cannot afford healthcare at all.Outrageous
How about we move forward with a mandate repeal?
Afraid of who? Not the voters.
Yeah sure..afraid of losing big payoffs by healthcare systems, pharmaceutical companies...while ppl don't know how to pay their deductibles!
Republicans are now responsible for the people who dye under Obamacare! 2018 just saying
Well tell them to put on their big person pants and deal with it. Good grief. Grow up or get OUT.
I hope they all get beaten in the fall
They should be. They're about to get railroaded by the #TrumpTrain These lying swine traitors are about to find themselves repealed/replaced
IDK what the solution is but at least you're  bringing some reality to the situation. I applaud your courage knowledge etc
I kinda lean towards single payer...don't kill me people! Haha. Wouldn't mind some opposing views. I'm sure everyone agrees tho #funjokes
Sounds like a good idea - sell it to POTUS!
These guys are now coming out supporting repeal and replace bucea of potential Trumps's threat of removing the HC a subsidy. Aha!
Just hope Trump comes through regardless
@RandPaul just imagine how we the public feel. @GOP
Can we have an open market and then have a separate govt one for those that want it?It would be nice to have a competitive ala carte system.
They'd better combat that with healthcare before they battle the ballot box!!
Afraid of loosing power. Their to stupid to realize they already have! We will not vote them back in. They run on lies!
Shame we have to wait until next year to get this cesspool pumped out but after 8 years of the other turd I can wait another 15 months
Heard u on Hannity you work for us, I dont have an employer that covers 72% of my premiums and deductibles and neither should you!
Come on, you can say it, "SINGLE PAYER"!
So is that it? @SenJohnMcCain was just going full vagina? Or is he just a Democrat?
Ha.  Afraid???   They are our nannies.  They know better than we do how to spend our money.  They have money power and the purse strings!!
and rand paul no better than rest of ALL dishonest polititions. U ALL LIE 2 PEOPLE. U DONT CARE BOUT US. MONEY TALKS IN UR WORLD
Afraid of WHAT exactly. Help me understand.
You, on the other hand, aren't afraid to keep hating us.
Yours has consistantly been the plan that makes the most sense. Other than the Govt. washing it's hand completely and getting out of the way
Wish there were a way to downvote tweets so you could get proper feedback on how stupid and self-righteous your opinions are.
Apple doesn't fall far from the tree. Libs/Indys love Dr. Ron's msg and Rand's work. I wish he'd run as Lib for POTUS 2020 #RandPaul2020
I agree, they are afraid, but you are uncompromising . Both contribute to our current state.
They need to be more afraid of the American citizen. Who has had enough of them playing with our healthcare
Put Congress on ACA
Aren't there at least 2 God-fearing Democratic senators who hate abortion and want to see Obamacare Repealed???!!!
Afraid the insurance co kickbacks won't be in the mail I bet huh..?
Senator Paul, could it be the gang of 3 have some ties to planned parenthood? Why wouldn't they just go ahead and DEFUND THEM?!!
Fear rules the world, not governments or politicians.  GOP fear Dems, Dems fear GOP. Indies fear both.
If only they had been this concerned when they passed it.
Afraid of losing this cash cow of a job y'all crooks have
They are saner than you
REPEAL
You are super wrong !
Appreciate the relentless effort you make. I totally agree with REPEAL. Thank you.
You ain't. You've been saving you Koch cash. You got plenty to retire
We need to replace Repubs with real Repubs that vote what the people want Run primaries against There are some out there NEED TO BE VETTED
Analysis Paralysis. Too many lawyers in the Senate
They need to be
They are not afraid, they are actually socialists.
So right - the money is going to insurance companies profits - NOT paying for patients care.  Audit ins co expenses!!!
Afraid to do what's expected
The Senate and the House must act expeditiously. Repub control of all 3 is a precious thing and will not come along again anytime soon.
Not afraid they are republicans with Democrat agenda. They want Trump to fail. They need to lose their seat!!
exactly the opposite since they oppose what their voters want. So who do they fear? Losing big health $$ donations.
They are just lieing corrupt insurance lobby pigs, and undocumented DemoRat rino's
Go Rand, REPEAL ObamaScare!  #DrainTheSwamp  #DrainTheSewer #MAGA
RINO Republicans are so stupid, they are afraid of libs who would never vote for them when they should be afraid of losing support from base
Tell them to live under their very health care plan THEN let's talk cause THEY have no CLUE what it like!
