Help those affected by #HurricaneHarvey. Visit http://redcross.org , call 1-800-RED CROSS or text HARVEY to 90999 to make a $10 donation. 
There will be an AID package introduced for Houston. Will you vote for it? Did you vote for the AID package for NY and NJ after their storm.
Those aid bills had a lot of hidden stuff in them. That's why they were voted against. Don't twist the truth.
Prayers are nice but what they need is federal aid. Your libertarian selfish views aren't too popular right now. Stay quiet #HoustonStrong
Help http://cacteam.com  99% aid goes for relief supplies. Volunteers only get reimbursed for gas.
Citizens Assisting Citizens has no big wigs or advertising expenditures to waste money your money.
Meh. RC is one if the first responders to the crazy fire outside dog Portland, OR right now. They arent all bad.
Rand Paul pretends that Houston isn't a perfect example of the damage vast deregulation represents. 

Libertarians Republicans did this.
Deregulation  causes  hurricanes
Deregulation causes flooding. Cop the fuck on.
"Deregulation causes flooding" don't know what you mean but I know I won't get a reasonable response.
It's pretty obvious what it means, and only unreasonable people respond unreasonably.
If you rather be more fiscally conservative, @preemptivelove is there & have less overhead.
Salvation Army is a more efficient organization. ARC is very inefficient.
Perhaps you should stick your false sentiment and lip service up your ass and instead cast your vote for federal aid in all its forms!!!
Shouldn't we let the invisible hand of the market handle this? Are you going to vote against federal relief funds like you did w NY's Sandy?
The Sandy Relief Bill of which about 85% was pork that was in NO WAY connected to hurricane relief? That bill? And charity IS the market.
Cause @RandPaul won't send a penny
Let's pray that God doesn't flood nearly everyone and everything on the planet again.
Eight years later; now is the time when a lot of Texans need this Health Care  It's not resolved! Disgrace to you in the GOP!!!!
Already got this info from President Obama, but, hey thanks!!!
Thank you Sen. Rand 4 focusing on our brothers & sisters in need rather than politics. TEXANS are wonderful!
Build the wall
Want a wall? Send your checks to Mexico so they can pay for it.
Donating blood tomorrow!
#StandWithRand
DO SOMETHING TO HELP!
Houston mayor should be locked up for endangering his own citizens.
Remind you coworkers of the oath they took. Support America not Mexico. No illegals
#prayers4harvey2017affected
@SamaritansPurse would be better choice!
Give to Salvation army! I worked 4two chapters of ARC  recommend SA instead. So many disasters the Red Croas does not give all the $to!
I will not donate to the Red Cross ever!! I will however donate to @JJWatt's fundraiser!! The people will get the money from him!!
Please tell the treasonous President to get off vacation & do his gd job. 

#trumprussia
#russiantreason
#moneylaundering
Rolling back an unconstitutional exec order...... So treasonous.
Donate to the Red Cross ?  Hummmm...think Haiti corruption.
Samaritan's purse is a good one. Helping out already.
Sen. Paul it is time for our elected officials to stand up and declare antifa and blm as terrorist groups we are tired of this crap
God be with them
Better to send your donations to http://coachdavelive.com/donate  - these men and women will be ON THE GROUND offering REAL ASSISTANCE! Pass the SALT
Thank you!
Instead of spending billions to build a farsical wall, how about upgrading infrastructure to handle future floods? This is the new reality
Yeah, how about you donate, Rand? Maybe some of the salary you get for doing nothing
How is your dad doing?
Like with everything, actions speak louder than words.
Oh, is that what libertarians would advise?
@RedCross Better Give to red cross so our politicians can't steel it they want to cut Fema funds .Congress is Evil anti America!!!
This seems like a very presidential tweet... Thank you, Sen. Paul.
How's your dad? Is he still around the Houston area?
About thoughts, prayers and actual help, Sir, how about you stop voting to take away my healthcare. Please and thank you.
Your opinion is taking healthcare away. Whereas others opinion are giving us an opportunity to finally get care we've need.
Still waiting for your statement re: Arpaio pardon & the rule of law. No ducking behind Harvey.
Too bad the POTUS cannot even pretend this a priority, still talking about the election, you won, start acting like a winner. THANKS DR PAUL
Trying to pay taxes has me on the thin side.
Is @blockchain technology being used to assure that All donations reach it's intended charities. 
Ppl who live in Texas and need help should create a private GOFUNDME, to avoid a KILLARY incident, like Haiti.
I'd highly recommend @UMC_UMCOR as they have a history of being much more efficient with donor money.


The billions that went to Iran would come in handy for Texas right now...
So far; so good. #nopoliticsinharvey
Can Trump & his family Donate some of the billions they have?
#derp
Please use ur powers 2 #freezegasprices by asking @realDonaldTrump to not let others profit on demise of #Harvey #Harvey2017 #harveyhouston
This is where big government can help in crisis
#Rand2024
Also can donate to @SamaritansPurse. #HoustonFlood #HurricaneHarvey
What, no reading recommendations?
How many in congress will donate? Only heard from a few on their thoughts in the damages in Houston. Surprised - no.
@RandPaul @mariannecope can we throw Montana in that prayer? Forest fires are displacing hundreds of families from homes out here.
Of course. I'm sorry, that's terrible!
Thank you my friend.  I have friends in TX too, my heart is breaking.
Are there better organizations to donate to ???
@RedCross Texas we are praying for you.
Maybe @POTUS @VP should step up to the plate...they only seem to offer their worthless prayers...should put their money where there mouth is
W/U senator.getting ready to drive to Texas from florida to help.
I dea about help do business in The Boats in Texas 
Please speak out against #Antifa violence in #Berkeley
God bless you 
