I'm so tired of Their talking points! The trash They have put forth is not to provide Health Care It magically takes it away! Cruelty...
Obamacare can be fixed to satisfy every body but Trump will not admit that just because it came from Obama sosad
No it belongs to you now wake up!
I agree 100 per cent with this man.
Agree total disaster !!!
GOP has had 7 years to come up with a better solution to the health care problem in this country and they have not.
We need to pass it so we can see how screwed it is
The GOP and the President should own every problem.  If they can't deal with it they should get out of office.
Republicans do own it, they coined it Obamacare, and have done nothing to try and fix it, only get rid of it, with nothing to replace it
It is a DEM miscue and they should play roll in killing the flat-out LIE. Ask for forgiveness. 
@realDonaldTrump
I would challenge Senator Paul to take his case to the American public. Go on with @loudobbs for a thirty minute discussion on Health Care.
Obamacare SUCKS n hurting working Americans
Grow up Rand Paul, you sound like spoiled child. Fix it and shut up, we're all fed up with the GOP whiners
No Senator!  it belong to Democrats and Republicans the American people just want it fixed now !!
Repel the ACA
Sorry !  I disagree with you.  I'm not for handouts but I'm for taking care of my fellow Americans.  I'm a Combat Veteran that loves country
It is good that you want to take care of people. What is not good is to expect government to do it.  Government can not do it
Not true. GOP has sabotaged at every turn. They have refused 2come 2the table to fix it. Most concerned w/having it fail, not abt people.
Not true GOP is to feckless to sabotage anything. If they were that courageous they would have repealed it first day of Trumps admin! Wakeup
The WH is a mess nothing getting done too many petty and self serving people never seen such a mess & disruption
wrong no republicans made same mistake dems making by not getting involved
All talk no action, fix it as you goes along until it works! the same Obama care was created by the Republicans.wasting time and no answers!
DJT said repeal and replace day one, not so easy GOP owns it!
Tell that to all the people in your state where it's working great
It's a Fed healthcare system supposed to work for everyone not just a couple of states. Talk to the majority of ppl it's not working for!
MW is prime example of republicans digesting rancid information and thinking it's prime rib
You just refuse to read available factual info, not the news bits liberal media wants you to believe. Typical obstruct and resist points!
Rand is a total moron if he really believes that
#ChuckSchumer - the Obamacare mess is your fault.
Rand Paul and entire @GOPSenMajority are lying SOBs, responsible for breaking ACA & refusing to fix what they broke
Umm @realDonaldTrump pulling contracts formed under the ACA from 18 cities is his to own, not the dems.
And not for Republicans to profit from it for their rich constituents
If so, why are you not aspirating the president in trying to get it http://replaced.you  are a RINO !
Now ur lying Paul,the ACA is hurting because of Republican sabotage out of selfishness and greed& non-patriotism
Passing the buck and failure to take responsibility for poor decisions and a lacklustre performance. SMH
I disagree, the repubs are in charge and they have the power to change it. They won't. Good idea to just repeal, Dems will join 4 new 1
Didn't you have over one year of hearings before the ACA was enacted?wasn't everyone given a voice before? Why can't that happen now?
You too?
But now it is gops problem because they promised to repeal but won't
Your a Disaster How many times have you been re elected Time to Go! #NeedChangeInCongress #MidTermsMatter #VoteOutGOP
#msm will see to it that everyone believes it's the fault of the @GOP & @realDonaldTrump. No hiding. You could've passed repeal and replace
400,000 in your state obtained coverage due to ACA but it won't fix dumb as most sat home or voted for T who could care less if they loose.
Rand Paul is a disaster. Nothing about Obamacare is unraveling. Rand Paul's mind is unraveling.
ANYONE think he's not just another dyed in the wool @GOP? Remember these words!! 
When it's THEIR big problem, it's "Next! Let's Move On!"
Republican Governors who decided it'd be better for country & citizens NOT to HELP the ACA work...they have not a single thing to do with it
Alternative Facts, start working 4 the people and not special interest and 1%, VOTE NO!
What about how Marco Rubio defended the risk corridors?
It's actually Romneycare. It's keeping people out of bankruptcy.
You are ridiculous. You've had 7 plus years and couldn't do any better. Leave ACA and make it better. You own it, your in power.
Yet you and your friends cannot do better. Stop throwing stones. #whiner.
No Rand Paul both parties need to provide insurance for all Americans! Insurance that provides excellent care at a reasonable rate !
Let just be honest. People who voted for Trump will be responsible for his failures. Same goes for Obama! We are just as much to blame. Grow
Unhuh
I love how the left says this is Trump's fault!  Like he created it!  They afraid they may have to work for health care. It's owed to them
If you're not part of the solution, you're part of the problem.  YOU are part of the problem!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I agree with that
Didn't repubs add over 100 changes to the ACA?
2018
GOP greedy old people
Keep saying it and the GOP can all pack their bags , ACA doesn't cater to ur campaign donors Aetna
Getting ready for 2018

Oh Rand Paul, bless your heart. Sorry, this one belongs to the GOP. The party of no needs to actually solve for something.
Says the political party that controls both houses of Congress and the Presidency!  Please explain how Democrats are at fault?
7 years later still Blame Dems? Yet can't Repeal?  Just fix what you have!
Sir....this is not just a Dems problem ....it's a problem for ALL of us! Repeal the mess and replace!
That right you should let the free market system weed them out as far as insurance companies. You should be able to get insurance anywhere
Who cares who owns it. Republicans are in control,  so fix the dang the thing
I lost my insurance...went on open market and w kids would be 1900$ a month and 14,000$ deductible. #PartTimeProblems
Holy shit .... That's just wrong
OPINION MADE TOO SOUND FACTUAL
??? How really can you blame the democrats?  You guys could have worked on it and change it for the past 7 years come on now
@RandPaul Democrats are power corrupt, outs them!
@RandPaul Sir, sued Sen Max Waters, and Sen Schumer for slander. Only way to keep them aligh & they understand.
Can all of you in DC play nice and stop playing the blame game?  Your job is to take care of all Americans. Your bill failed. Period.
More PROPAGANDA from a Trump apologist and an enabler! Time to #FixACA improve it. STOP LYING!
The media and the Democrats will blame Republicans anyway. And stupid people will believe them.
Need a repeal only vote ASAP and get everyone's vote on record
Wrong again Senator.  Generations of your ilk have catered to ins cos. instead of giving Americans health care like other countries.
Then vote YES on the bill!!!
Blah blah blah we need single payer . You can get payoffs from some other businesses besides insurance, big pharm. You are bought and payed.
2/2 maybe the Democratics would step up. But let's not forget the republicans were behind locked doors, from even their own party.
1/2 Blame the Democratics for something the reps had 7 years todo. If they weren't trying to kill millions of people with this repeal
GOP's tax break for the wealthy is not healthcare reform! Just repair problems with ACA Stop partisan actions!
No need to reinvent the wheel! Just repair problems with ACA like done with Medicare when it was new.
Yup, The Democratic party created that Disaster. It should be entirely repealed
@RandPaul Paul is exactly right! @TheDemocrats must take responsibility4the abuse ofPOWER & the bad decisions that brought about thisBADLAW!
And here you go again, blah, blah, blah. Got time for TV but none for the people. #termlimits #DOYOURJOB! #townhallNOW #FREEKENTUCKY
Really Rand...doesn't have anything to do with the fact that you, as a doctor, stand to benefit from this??? Do you ever visit your state?
Yes!!! People like Sen. Chuck Schumer bloviating about how Trump is unfairly blaming the Democrats is his inability to take responsibility.
Good luck selling that one repubs you are in power u took all of our control to the gov. You bought it u own it
@RandPaul needs to quit whining-he's had 8 fricken years to fix it-grow the frick  up and accept responsibility. You just sound like a baby!
Senator @RandPaul, what does this mean for the members of Congress as it relates to their health insurance coverage?
Obamacare is based on GOP/Heritage Foundation scheme but greedy Republicans say: 1 Don't get sick 2 Die quick. #MedicareForAll is the way
Obamacare is imperfect but it's Democrats' attempt to clean up a mess made by greedy Republicans. #MedicareForAll would be even better 1/2
Then it should be easy to replace. Why is it so difficult?
Wasn't Obamacare the Republican compromise the Democrats had to accept?
Typical Republican response. Instead of trying to improve it, work out the kinks & help the nation, they just want to assign blame.
Well, we know what the new talking point is and how far the GOP will go to fulfill their ideological mania.
Shut Up Dang
Yer dumber than @realDonaldTrump if you believe that, Mr. Paul.
your party dose own the failing healthcare system, don't just say another group dose. fix it not just blame others like potus dose.
You're wrong, randy, on so many levels. The ACA has been successful for millions of people. You rw a$$holes need to stop lying!
Kentucky needs to figure out what this man has done for them and their state..
But cutting subsidies and funding really helps it purpose. @GOP is forcing it to fail to save face.
Rand You are to Blame why the People will have No Coverage at all when Obamacare implodes
Repeal it put healthcare back in the private sector. Insurance is a privilege not a right.
You are wrong because YOU and your party have looked to sabotage the exchanges at every turn!
Screw him and trump. You are all liars. Obamacare is a good thing. We finally have decent healthcare & don't have to worry. Trump is a liar
At least democrats could work together & get something passed! #Republicants
Yeah, right. It's your job to work together and fix it.
Huh? #stupidDOPE #BlameTheOpposition
Your in power fool. DO SOMETHING!
True rand, but y'all got everything you asked for to repeal it an your not doing it. We are sick of both party's. pathetic
There are issues, so work together and fix it. Quit blaming each-other. Fix it!!!!!It is easy to vote you out.
Is this the talking point for the GOP's failed healthcare plan? Laughable and pathetic.
Bullshit
Oh give me a break. You've wanted it replaced for years and still can't get her up oops I mean done.
Bullshit!! That was a bipartisan passage! #TermLimits
Not one Republican voted for the crap!!! All done behind closed doors! Pass to see what's in it!! OWN IT DIMMS!
It's amazing it's split out by Reps & Dems but in end all Americans r affected by what Reps & Dems do!  Put party aside & work 4 Americans
It was giving concessions to the GOP that put the flaws in the original Dem. health care plan.
Why not live what we teach? ... Take blame were blame is due??? Obama created  obamacare... Obama gets blame... Not Trump... Don't be stupid
We've known that ACA was designed to implode in 2017.   Obama wasn't interested in helping people just making people beholdin' to democrats.
Truth, yes but they are "try to sell" Trump not funding it, so sad!
hey Rand, you should see a Doctor, I believe delusion might be a pre-existing condition but might yet be covered
And some RINOs not just the Democrats
People suffering from ACA don't care who's to blame they want change.Let's get the job done or we should have every senator take the ACA.
.Rand is back to making sense, interpreting @POTUS masterful move: 
force Dems to explain why would #Obamacare fail? Is it bad?
THESE ARE BLOCKING REPEAL:Lisa Murkowski (202) 224-6665 Shelley Moore Capito (202)224-6472 Susan Collins  (202) 224-2523
Blow up the phones
Rand Paul only cares to be in the spotlight.  He has no clue about what the American people want and need.  He should not be in office.
says the un-board certifiable doctor so I make my own board.
Bullsh*t. It's because both sides refuse to work together and listen to American people.
Fine, let them fix it.
DC should focus on problemsolving - not complaining abt the current state of Obamacare.  That's a lazy, self-serving & unproductive approach

Sen.Paul's communication skills, knowledge, experience and leadership remain impressive. @realDonaldTrump @VP @GOP

Ignorant fool
You just have it love it when they use the same defense every time! "I had nothing to do with it!"  Step up and do your jobs honestly"
Unraveling due to SABOTAGE
You will be held responsible for the failures of the democratic ACA. Repeal it now
LOL! Markets are stabilizing in places not controlled by GOP. So who's the problem again?
Rand Paul is like a spoiled child
What's if Obama would had played that game with the economy when he took over?
LOL...Even the ones I thought had a clue are lost! What's happening to the Republican Party?
This is a pride on both sides.  Neither party wants the other to get the credit for fixing healthcare. R's promised repeal now waver
This is the real trickle down from the White House to the GOP senators and representatives lie lie lie and never take responsibility
At this point, American people just want REPEAL/REPLACE!!  Do your damn job!!!!
Ok, you've covered ALL the media circuits, now stop grandstanding and get to work. It takes 61 votes to Repeal, only 51 to Replace.
What is the weather like on your planet?
Why not join the team and get on broad
Instead of being a leader and moving fwd.. you're dysfunctional and disruptive.. both u and Cruz are a big dissappointment..
Aren't U in Congress, @RandPaul? Aren't U part of the majority party? Stop blaming others & start working with ALL of Congress to fix this.

Im done with you @RandPaul
Sure! They have been leading the congress for the last seven years. They have been sabotaging their own efforts...
no law or act, ever makes anything cheaper or more affordable.  If that were the case, they should make iphones, cars, rubber bands, etc.
they being govt.
BS. The GOP took ownership of ObamaCare the moment they suggested repealing it. The media will say the GOP sabotaged #ACA & killed it.
Absolutely, pushed its passage against will of voters ... scott brown election... put onus back where it belongs
Chart: Comparing Health Reform Bills: Democrats and Republicans 2009, Republicans 1993
Health Care Mandate Was First Backed by Conservatives
Is the ACA the GOP health care plan from 1993? http://www.politifact.com/punditfact/statements/2013/nov/15/ellen-qualls/aca-gop-health-care-plan-1993/ … via @PunditFact
25 Republicans Who Supported Obamacare Before Obama http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2013/08/republicans-supported-obamacare-gingrich-dole-individual-mandate/ … via @MotherJones
How the Heritage Foundation, a Conservative Think Tank, Promoted the Individual Mandate via @forbes
Hillary Clinton Dined With John Kasich Over Healthcare Reform—In 1993
For Kasich, Is HillaryCare Really KasichCare?
This is totally untrue.  Uncertainty over CSR subsidies is the main problem, and this is 100% within the purview of the GOP.
The GOP and Trump created the uncertainty scaring the hell out of insurance companies; which is anything but conservative.
Here we go again... time to reprise their "greatest hits."
THIS MAN IS OUTRAGEOUS! HE WILL KILL UNTOLD NUMBERS OF PEOPLE IN KENTUCKY WITH NO HEALTH CARE& HE DON'T GIVE A DAMN!PAUL IS A UNGODLY PERSON
An unsustainable government program that needs to be terminated.
Hey Randy-boy...a true leader does not point fingers he or she just fixes it!  Your team is not leading!!!
Risk corridors & Medicaid expansion are the GOPs sabatoge.
That is totally a ridiculous lie 
Rand Paul is a disaster and needs to be put out of office...permanently
go the union rout and adopt the Cadillac plan. Companies run it under supervision of insurance companies, works?
Stop blaming. You can't take responsibility for you & your party's inability to come together. Political gaming. Sick of it!
I stand with Rand.  We need #FullRepeal
Every word true. But Republicans will get the blame when things fall apart completely. If they do not repeal - just repeal - they are toast.
but i a problem you are now stuck with because you will not bail it out.
Do your job, repeal and REPLACE! And do it now!
Truth
Yep. The Corrupt Democrat Party dicked up the American Healthcare System.
Absolutely correct!
Now it's your disaster!
Nope, you bought healthcare in the last election; it's yours now. Just like my house, the problems to fix are mine, not the builder's
With all due respect Mr Paul,  bite me.
Our money is the biggest issue. The fed is stealing from under our noses. Help us spread the message of #realmoney
http://scentsaverscandles.com 
You have the power to create a better Bill but you can't do your job. Signing just the repeal Bill isn't enough. You deserve to be fired.
Rand Paul is crazy. his thinking is reflective of his antisocial character
