Link not working for whatever reason. But I certainly hope this is true since I know you will bring healthcare back towards Capitalism.
Oh man. I certainly hope it comes back soon. Though I am sure some future argument against my other tweets will bring me back in due time.
Great article! Certainly hope to see the president back more of what Rand proposes. I am all about individual rights and human flourishing.
I appreciate your hard work, but my main concern is how your Health Care Proposal will handle the individual mandate penalty
Bad link
Let me know when it’s back up!
This must pass! It's the best and only right thing to do that is equitable for all!!
Ever consider doing ur job
Too bad I can’t open the link... but hopeful Sen Paul
Lol damnit!
Thanks man 
Ur legacy will be . He was a rt wing obstructionist making a point . He took $ from anywhere and twisted the truth to fill his pockets
Hey @RandPaul, this is the guy who wrote this.
And? Why's that his fault?
This won't help if you have the same stupid regulations in every state....
This could be amazing news! Is there anywhere for us to see details of that plan?
Let's Hope n Pray trump is Really telling the truth for once.  Get rid of that awful om care
If y'all #GoVegan you Won't be sick. JustSayin
Medicare pricing for all
You da man!
I hope you're right. We could lose everything if something is not done. Would be great however 2 move it completely away from fed government
Paul has lots of good ideas and this is one of many.  Hope @realDonaldTrump goes all in for it.
Hoping he does follow through
We were waiting for this, can you slip Audit the fed in there?
https://m.facebook.com/groups/2205128322?view=permalink&id=10155208656208323 …
Finally
Paul throws working Americans under the bus, again. Paul's way or no way!
You're a fraud. He's the only one with a working plan that doesn't involve assholes controlling my access to care.
We must get this double Adgent out. Someone give him a radio show so we can pass a bill
This paul guy is a fraud and he gets paid to be one. Mic hound
Your a road block to compromise
Please save us all from single payer. It would be the end financially for the USA
This is so ridiculously incorrect. Trump was wrong when he said it. Most projections have it at abt 2T$. Stop raising defense budget!
Defense budget makes up less of our total budget than healthcare. It's not even close to the same as entitlements.
Do it!
Smart move
You proved ur point and were stuck with the bills . Give us your paycheck to pay them if your so sold out on principle
Hey Paul I'm wrkn two jobs to pay premiums how about doing urs
Legislation isn't perfect don't u get it
Vote out this dummy. Nobody gets every thing we want
Get outa the way paul and shut up
I'd like to back u outa office so we can legislate
Need full repeal of GAT (Great American Torture aka Obamacare) and then 5% payroll deduction matched by employer 5% to pay health premiums.
Thank goodness. I have liked his ideas all6along.
Imagine anyone being against tax paying hard working Americans getting any relief from socialism called Obamacare
ONE.............................MORE........................................TIME
Sorry Rand your plan just got a death sentence. #losing
lol k pal
Trump just wants to sign SOMETHING. He cares nothing for you or America
That's a lie. This is a fantastic sign that he's ready for real change. Not the same old shit in D.C.
Can you get the rest of the Republican Senators doing something besides letting the democrats walk all over them?
Go Rand!!!
Let's get'er done.  #MAGA
Thank you @RandPaul I knew if you stood your ground @POTUS was bound to see the light eventually.
If done by executive order, it can be undone just as easy.  Do it through legislation
Thank you 
Wow! If you and President can get this done, what a benefit for so many Americans!! Hoping for good news.

Which this?
@realDonaldTrump buying across State lines really is meaningless. Plans are State based. Doctor in TX not going to make house call in OK
so he can then use EO once that fails
If there's sum good that will come outta this proposal & help a lot of people who will c it as beneficial, then I'm ALL 4 IT! #AmericaFirst
I hope you r not backing down from opposing this joke of a tax plan. most people will either see no change or incr in taxes. #TaxCuts4All
Terrific. Now just to get the RINOs to back it. Uphill battle but I know you r up to it.
Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!
Bravo!  Let's see some real action instead of the establishment politicians just debating unsuccessfully.
I'm 100% with Rand.
Good news. Thanks Rand.
Trump backed all health care proposals and all were crap. Paul’s plan will probably be the better of three and I believe it is true repeal
Props to Rand Paul...keep up the AWESOME WORK...You are For The People.
Thank God !
If ur allowing ppl to join pool. Why not form 1 pool per state and every1 that need it. Join it.
@realDonaldTrump  and u have something in common. Congress doesn't listen to either of you. I support both of u because your outsiders!
I even supported your dad @RonPaul
Thank you Senator and @realDonaldTrump #POTUS for this “Art of the Deal” in 2017!
Single payer system I hope
Cool...maybe this one will get through!
Okay, and what is that?
Let's see how many Americans are left without health care!!! Let the rich get rich n poor more poor
Always thanking you for fighting for working middle class!More optimistic about getting affordable ins in 2018-repeal mandate &set us FREE!
Woohoo!  Now get power for HSAs and everyone, insured and not, will be set and taxes go down!
This is all you wanted and why you come up with poor excuses to shut down #RepealAndReplace. You think we are blind? #MAGA
you are a breath of fresh air--in spite of all the intrigue in DC--thank you for never giving up on our health care freedom!!!
Great 2 hear common sense on health care! Stop all of Baboon care!
Thank you for all you do
Yes #StillRanding S.222!
Yes!
Repeal Obama Care. Keep your promise.
Keep at it Rand you have the best plan
Will Trump do anything right but try to screw somebody
YES YES YES!!  I have advocated all along to begin with this one thing...allow insurance across state lines!  I am in healthcare!  Do it now
Will you please introduce a health care bill because what I've read that you have is a lot better than what Graham Cassidy or any of these other idiot GOP members are doing
Flashback:
Senate GOP Rejects Rand Paul's "Repeal-Only" Healthcare Plan | Zero Hedge
@realDonaldTrump Will back an OJ Simpson heath care Plan proposal. That’s how desperate he is. T and R look like absolute buffoons.
Small step in right direction!How does it fix Medicaid?What about Preexisting Conditions?
Bout time! 
Facebook is gonna need a insurance pool page...a way to easily allow people to come together into insurance pools. It's be a winner
@POTUS, @RandPaul, and @realDonaldTrump, way to go!
Before you keep trying to do the right thing, a new GOP leadership must team must be in place and the 51% majority rule shall be in place.
Hell yeah. This is great news.
Yes, REAPEAL MEANS KILLING OCARE DEAD & GONE. COME BACK W OPEN STATE LINES PREEXISTING & SAV ACCOUNTS MIX. 
@POTUS @JaySekulow @AnnCoulter
You're my hero. Thanks for holding out and doing what was right.
Hot crackers! I thought the day would never come!

@RandPaul is a principled true patriot who has long had the best plan, but like @POTUS, has been fighting the #dcswamp.
I completely agree.
Any bill that @LindseyGrahamSC has his hands in is bad for America. #RINO #GOPe #Neocon #RepealAndReplace
Rand Paul. He never gave up & he’s not phony like rest. A true Trump friend, not a DC sycophant. Stood alone against other bad bills.
& he stood up to McCain. Fill DC with more honest leaders like him.
Major victory for American people. Bypasses Socialist @GOP, saves Americans $, improves benefits & coverage. Thank you @RandPaul @POTUS @CR
#MedicareForAll end of story @SenRandPauI
So... People with preexisting conditions can pay more for healthcare, the most vulnerable(&poorest) of us can pay more while #congress pays0
Also, never pre-announce something you THINK Pres. Trump is going to do. Just wait!
Great solution and gives time for markets to shift organically rather than legislation that changes rules abruptly which can lead to chaos.
I’d like to believe this, but if you (Rand) take credit for your own plan or fail to sufficiently butter up Pres. Trump, it’ll be dropped.
Awesome awesome awesome!!!
@RandPaul let us buy insurance stop ObamaCare. 
I don't have insurance coverage 
Same for my husband .
We Can't afford $2200.00 a month
So, you have one?
appears I owe you an apology. Good job! You are a fighter.
4D Chess move?! Oh snap!!
This is great but, I don't think big pharma, the lobbyists or the greedy SOB's that push medicine for profit and death are going to be to happy, SOoo doing right by the People probably won't happen at all but, we can pray.

Like he backed Strange?
The government forces us to buy health insurance but also must permit us to buy health insurance. What a world.
Badass work Rand!
Congratulations Rand! Keep up the great work.
By law there can be no difference in CA or FL insurance, and gov still dictates what all insurance has to cover, so how does this work?

Is this similar to the earlier S. 222 bill?  That was better than Graham-Cassidy except for the exemption to the Sherman anti-trust act.
Because it’s the best one proposed by anyone to date
I hope this happens
Yes thank you Mr President and Rand Paul! I knew you would come through for the American people!
YES!
This is very good news
This is awesome!

Great news #StandWithRand
More than financing. We demand better CARE. Fix the system.
If true, it's awesome!
Oh thank God! Keep fighting for us Rand!
Yes!!!!!  I hope it gets passed.  Go RAND. GO!!!!
This is the best day of the Trump admin w/o question
Wish I could like this 10 times
Sure. Why not.
Good job Senator!!!
Yes!
only one proposal that I want to see and that is complete repeal not rep,acement. Get the feds out.
Start with a FULL repeal @POTUS
Sounds good, but sad to think we need government permission to do this. Just show how unconstitutional the government interference in hc is.
We hope and pray this is true......
Thank you for standing on your convictions and not settling for less than what's best for #ThePeople
About time.

Answer to my prayer!!
About time health care for the people repeal do not replace Obamacare!
No more government exemptions! That should be illegal!
that would be a great accomplishment 
God bless you!
Things are looking up! Pay attention $SenateMajLdr ! Your time is running out!
Anything is better than what we have now  can't afford premiums
@RandPaul I like to venture to the other side once in a while. How did a nice public servant like you get all the delusion hypocrites?
OMFG and all you read/tweet is racist fake news sources. SMH. Obamacare the Law of the Land it's Done. Unless it's Replaced w Single Payer
“Rand Paul Health Care” would involve the Thunderdome, I imagine
Let’s just get it done.
Lol so you're friends all of a sudden? 
Merges trumpcare:Obamacare i Medicare treat prisoners gift for services due anyway @USSupremeCourt migrants educated others ©®™
I LOVE IT, thank you Senator Paul!!!!!
1. Offer public option; or 2. Allow buying insurance across state lines; 3. No tax breaks for rich people; & 4. Congress gets same plan
Thank you Senator. Can't wait to see the details.
Even though I'm a school employee I can get behind this for others.  I always knew it would be you to get this done right
But the question is will John McCain?
Next step is to put a sunset clause on the ACA. Have it expire next year. Simple vote. Gives a year to work on healthcare, not insurance.
Potential for progress on a hot topic in DC and the nation
@realDonaldTrump
Google rand scandals, he's taking $ to vote no on health care. Fraud fraud fraud
Rand Paul is an ace!
Awesome!

Don't tease us Rand, we're sick of the ride.
#SpecialReport
#Tucker
wtf is this?   @RandPaul sandbagged us.   But now he has HC bill with RAND PAULs name on it so he'll support that one?  What a POS.
DAMN what kind of doctor are You? Oh I get it a free greed one all about that buck right doc boy you republicans are something else WOW!!!!!
So it Rand's way or none? Well, let's see how successful or specular the failure will be. Track record so far is bad! #GOPFail
Well since u wouldn’t vote to get rid of it let’s see if u can do any better but I bet u still won’t get votes due to RINOS!
HAPPENING
Hell yes, this I like. Trump needs to distance himself from McConnell and gang.
He should have listened to you in the first place.
Let's Roll! Get it done!!!
Kentucky is sick and tired of your soapbox
Guess that's why they keep electing him?
We are tired of paying u to voice ur feelings.we need change.our governor would have fixed health care . Now we wait for another year
Yes!
YES!
Drain the Swamp.... #FireCongress
Get out of the senate.thats a job for results not to prove who's the biggest conservative
Shut up and help ...stop ur nonsense. We suffer so u can prove a point.
Ur a roadblock to process
We want results. Buy a karaoke machine so u can get ur mic time and we can pass some bills
Everybody looks so you can voice your opinion that is not governing
It better be good or this falls on you
I have faith in u to keep us away from SP, and back to a capitalist system. Let us go across state lines for ins. Keep up the good work!!!

U suck at government go be a preacher.we need relief not ur moral feelings.govern that's why we paid u
I really pray he does so!
Thank you for your continued push for true repeal!! #istandwithrand
U are for u and screw the rest.it takes a group.u always block never fix
I love it!
He will back everything until something gets passed. Not about healthcare just something to brag about
I think Paul said a person can Health insurance for about $137.00 a month.
I kid you not!
I'm stuck for another year with these premiums while u give speeches and fundraising.i want u out
Where did u fundraise today fruit cake #voteoutpaul . Come pay my bill u fraud.u are a road block with no solutions
Unfortunately he has backed everyone's plan up to this point. This is not a unique endorsement.
I’d like to see what’s in it, but I have to say I trust him more than most of the Republicans!
I once believed that you took a principled stance on #ACA but now I realize it was a farce.  An executive order will be unconstitutional
And if @BarackObama had done this you would have soiled yourself in a very real way.  This is a disgusting avoidance of your job
And a cowards way out.  You’ll be able to claim victory but some victory.  A farcical one where you and your peers failed to do their job.
@realDonaldTrump is a #FakePresident who will now do what he railed against.  He will get a taste for exec orders and will become addicted
And when @POTUS starts exec ordering everything our slide into dictatorship will be complete.
