C d
Independent frm Tennessee.. As someone with pre-existing conditions your group ins idea sounds... However, after watch your vid, I'm curious
Oops. It sounds interesting
Growth can curtail debt. I support the reduction in the deficit and debt. Zero budget accounting can affect change across the board.
@sparkyNadine - Stop letting in illegals and refugees and there is plenty of money, fix America first
What in fiscal conservation?
Thank you so much. My Congressman, Fred Upton, to his constituents he was voting no. He met with Trump and then he voted yes.
Keep up the ,
: have you ever herald that it takes money to make money.. Give Trumps plans a chance and stop whining
GOP love Obamacare and hate Wall ! GOP are a joke now ! A White House Party over renaming the worse Bill in History ;No freemarket idea 
Amen. Please do your part to end this insanity - we need to more clearly educate the public about the risk of fiscal insolvency.
Dont screw around with healthcare. Its too important. Cut somewhere else.
Thank you
I agree but what is Trump to do when no-one can pass his wall funding!  We must get the wall built! Hope U help him in September DrainSwamp
He hasn't drained the swamp..he's built an ocean of corruption!! 45 lied to our faces for a vote...so angry I gave it to him
Good! Trump's base isn't happy either.
Trump can't run congress too! So get a strong leader as speaker and give him good bills to sign! Now is your moment!
Still waiting for a public apology from you on your approval of Jeff Sessions.
Thank you for @jeffsessions and SCOTUS Gorsuch!!!  Thank you for having principles!
The principles of dishonesty, racism, and elitism. Gotcha.
U must b refering to HRC & CORRUPT DEM Party who fixed primary and openly Lied for ObmaCare, or Lynch & meetings w/Bill. The Criminals lost.
Again, "the other guy" arguments don't work on non-partisans. Both parties are corrupt and dishonest. Both have terrible ideologies.
Thank you Senator Paul.
The most vulnerable will pay for this ego boosting change in medical care. Disabled and people over 60. Really. Trump is 70. He is an elite.
I wish you were our president!
If you did not see the changes you would you be open to single payer/universal healthcare? It seems the main goal is to repeal st any cost
That is much better than what Obama gave us every year. It will take time to reverse course Rand and you should be showing the way to do it
Thank you! Sick & tired of my $ being taken to be wasted!
I'm curious why so many are against it, while also saying they don't want to see insurance companies profit
You tell them!
Sir, I have not been a fan of yours but the last few months have shown me a new side of Rand Paul. Thank you for standing up to them.
That's okay with me Paul! Because guess who gets to keep a lot of that money! 
Thanks Our Libertarian US Champ 
Then do your job and fix it.  All my employees are paying to 5K to 10K deductibles.  We support you but we do not need you to ring ur own...
Or grand stand.  Roll up ur sleeves & fix the house bill & repeal & replace in Senate   Health care is earned through work and not given...
He's actually the one with great ideas to keep govt out...but he's only one man...
Thanks for having the guts to help we the people.
Cut that wasteful spending! This country is a wasteful money drain!
Good for you.
Rand how do you feel about single payer?  I could be convinced....
Senator Paul please add on or change things in the bill to make it even better but PLEASE don't make our American people have Obamacare
Thank you, Senator Paul. Really wanted to see you as my Pres. Don't know if it's possible to make real change in DC. Swamp may be too thick.
Keep it up . These RINO's love to quote Regan, but Regan cut the government, he didn't grow it.
You are a true constitutionalist.  Thank you.
#StandWithRand
When will common sense prevail over politics?
Of course you did.
Way to hold your ground.
We will do better next year.
Instead of just voting "no", maybe you should do something to fix  it. Voting "no" is lazy.
All the while you support spending gazillions for killing of humans in countries you don't even know of. And in your own country.
Need to stop practice of Omnibus bills - Democrat creation to hide their spending binge @SpeakerRyan @GOPLeader @SenateMajLdr
How much will repeal of ACA return to the Treasury? Hundreds of Billions @newtgingrich @LouDobbs @seanhannity
I'm glad U voted no on the omnibus bill it seems that most Repubs are giving Dems everything they want why are Repubs so afraid to stand up
That's why you lost the trust of the American people ... Now go home to kentuck
@tempteststorm2 we need 2grow r  economy 2 offset.   compromise or we lose 2018. budget a compromise. Healthcare, takes. Need more Senators.

how about a budget? Local gove. isnt passing them either.
Although I can't wait for Obamacare to be gone I do agree with you about government spending on the replacement.
Could you PLEASE work with other obstructionists to do the citizens business. So disappointed.
It's a Democrat party funding bill.  Call it what it is.
Thank you Dr. Paul. Your Dad taught you well ♡♡♡
Keep up the good work Senator, continue to stand up for what's right, even if it's by yourself!
Remember that WE THE PEOPLE can take you OUT off OFFICE reelection day PAUL RAND. Support POTUS or face the consequences
Thanks for holding the line!
thanks for the work.
Thank you for voting NO
Good for you, sir. Stick to yur guns. #draintheswamp #DrainTheDeepState
@MarkRPellegrino That's okay cuz they're adding 88 billion over several years and most people suck at math.
Omni is pro gvmt growth bill. Republicans win elections, but liberal policies still prevail. Time for leadership change in Congress.
Rand it seems you've stood against everything in the last year. What is it that you will stand for?
We wish we had more Senators like you Dr Paul
Thank you! Please do everything you can to make the heathcare bill to push healthcare back to a free market system.
Why is it you elitist have a different plan than citizens???? Maybe you all would work harder if we're all on the same plan
#RandPaulForSpeakerOfTheHouse
Sad day for the People
Better get use to it,socialism is here to stay in America, Dem & Rep are just fighting who can "give" more free stuff.R's trying to hide it
Thank you Senator Paul.
Start playing long ball Rand -- focus on winning the war instead of every battle!!
Pls remain diligent while simultaneously being flexible & willing 2 find ways 2reduce R debt. We've got a yuuuge mess after past 10 yrs.
Thank you!  This bill does not protect people with pre-existing conditions! We've all been kicked off our plans! Now we can't get back on!
It's refreshing to have someone consistently stand on a nonpartisan principle of government.
Thanks for voting no. Your republican colleagues and leadership are foolish cowards.
Thanks for your hard work combatting big government.
preach it brother...
Sad!
All that needs to be done is defund Obama care. Let it corrupt itself.
Good. Give Democrats NOTHING.
the art of the deal
Shut up and back your president!

exactly so who is going to clean this shit up? We want prof of where it's used and a full report why 
Thank you for no vote
Thank you Senator.
Thank you Rand Paul 2018 is coming  Republican  will suffer mark my word
Because you did not go with majority, and most citizens, I vote no to you.
Thanks Rand. Stop the madness!
Question is why would you say that? Some would say it was gutless others would just need an excuse???
This bill deserves all the expletives I can think of and a few that I can't! WTH!!!? 
Does that means u r against Pres Trump? What abt building the wall...ppl r waiting
Every year the GAO reports fraud, overpayments, usually relating to healthcare spending of about 150 billion.
Support Trump!
The only way to "fix" is to takeaway funds from what is currently funded.  Somebody will feel the pain.  Any volunteers?
Undrstndbl, but PLS wrk w/ othrs 2 find best result; days of librtrn lean passed w biggie 0 socializing R cntry. Lets do BEST poss #United
Why dont you go back to working on teeth??? You are always against everything. If its not your idea, its no good.....move on...
Not a fan of rand, but I think he is an eye doctor
thank you for your principled vote. The rest of us have to do without bc we must live our lives within a budget.
When you don't back our President, we don't back you!
Thank you!
First time I've liked you
Thank you. Now #BuildTheWall #gop #CongressDoYourJob
@RandPaul I would follow you into the mists of Avalon.
Why couldn't you have won the @GOP nomination?
The problem with Politicians their only solutions for the problem is bitch about it complain it but never finding a solution to fix it. Lazy
Why aren't more Republicans on board with shrinking the size of government and the deficit? What will it take for meaningful change 2 happen
There is zero excuse with being in control of Congress and the White House.
Thanks now I'm losing my health care. (PS my husband works and I go to school so  y'all )
Thank you!!!
but the fed loves it.
Thank you!
Thanks but too little.
Not sure how to stop Gov spending on healthcare, as an RN who worked in a nursing home, it can't be avoided only controlled.
At least we have one conservative we can count on!
Thank you
Where the heck have you been to make it any better.
Swamp music it gets old.
mike
Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah waaaaaaaaah stop whining. "No one liked my bill" 
Thank you for looking out for the people!
Thank you
Please run in 2020!!!
Thank you!
Good for you!  Propose a bill where every elected/appointed official only have access to V.A. Medical Care!
Thank you
Hell Senator, good to see you as always.
@christianpieri1 if anything at the very least, Obamacare > Trumpcare or Ryancare
I concur. This bill feeds the insurers while group rates would include pre-existing conditions and reduce costs immensely. You are right!!!
Thank you
Agree! This was a disappointing attempt at fixing a huge mess. Please, tell our house and senate majority to GROW A PAIR AND FIGHT FOR US!!!
# STOP CAMPAIGNING !
Thank you sir
I don't have any idea what ALL is in the bill, but based on what I have read and heard, it goes against what the Politicians campaigned on.
Worrisome that Rand voted No I think he was very much on target for very good HC  God help us!
Omnibus is a bad word. Averting shutdowns is a pathetic excuse for funding the bloated gvt. No would be my vote.
Numbers are the numbers... i voted no to pay extra $ for complex tennis court... outvoted, now play tennis
Thank you sir !
THANK YOU!  1 Trillion for 6 mos is a disgrace and they're only showing about a hundred Billion of it I want to see a full accounting of all
I appreciate your intergrity and doing the right thing for the real American People.
Does anyone ever look at everything in it??  $18 million to fight misogyny in the USMC?!  C'mon.
Thanks for voting no. It also funds Planned Parenthood , Sanctuary Cities,& no border wall.
it's gotta start somewhere and you chose to sit on the sidelines. #Shameful
Nice protest but can we get back to building the wall? Get 'er done, Senator!
My nigga Rand
Would you have voted NO if your vote would have led to a shutdown? This seemed to be a pretty convenient NO cuz so many DEMs were on board.
You keep voting no on everything but are you doing anything productive or just being an obstructionist?
Go away little man!
Thank you!!!
Thank you. You're one of the very few sane people in Washington DC.
I support America and our president trump
Keep it up we need a smaller government #GOP
Medicaid for lazy people who choose not to work, it needs to be stopped.
Don't worry it won't get pass the Senate ! Then put the ball in Democrats hands.
Thank you!
It's a chess game. More no votes equals more spending
Thank you!
Don't you always??

More dems voted for the ominbus bill then Rep. Only 5 Dems voted against. That speaks volumes!
So when all this debt comes due who is going to take care of shit then! Gov must be cut and limited and we the people should go after gov!
Another moron heard from.. Our Nation is  in Debt
Thank You

You always do! That is why you can never make it in the big stage.
Well maybe for one debate as numer 17 on the stage.
Thank you! We have to pay off our debt. Period. #paydownthedebt
Its a 5 month cont. resolution. If O had passed a full budget, we wouldn't have the $ to begin necessary wall replacement.
Its a start....give and take a little
Of course u did...u want everything your own way. The country is divided so there has to be compromise
Fix it next year, but we needed to get something going.  Obamacare has imploded.
@NatShupe Have FAITH IN TRUMP!
Of course you did...
Omnibus spending bill proves All Talk No Action sock puppet brigade of the GOP is alive & well. Spend spend spend WTH it's not their money
What about healthcare? 
Thank you!
Thank you!
The states suck by the way. They waste millions and millions on nonsense.
Well you're pushing for group policies don't forget the small business owner who has a small business policy and is being hit hard.
This makes absolutely no sense.
should have voted NO when obamass spent like he did
And Trumpcare is better? The two are night n day apart.
We'll never trim our debt as long as Republicans and Democrats are giving each other everything they want in exchange for each other's vote!
basically a Ponzi scheme. Wonder who taught them that??!!
