all incumbents need to be voted out of office.... this includes you. Be afraid, your power is slipping
Obvious anymore common sense doesnt exist in Wash. 20 trillion in debt and gov keeps pushin 4 more! Time 2 cut salaries an pensions in wash!
Why are you giving interviews with Breibart? Have you no pride or sensibility. Are you Alt-Right? Neo-Nazi?
College Professors as well.
Truth is it doesn't apply to the swamp
Is the insurance model of pools wrong? After pools of Gov, unions, business, only young, poor & sick are left HOW can system work? Redo it
I'm 35. In my life time the Democratic Party has been by far the more fiscally Conservative party If you go by stats and not ideology. Why?
where are you on the new health care amendments?  Haven't seen you on TV.
Chang it then! We voted for that for pete sake!
Most States already have & have had for a very long time pre-existing condition laws in place to prevent discrimination or refusal.
And that 8 Billion Dollars for Pre-Existing Conditions over a 10-year period is adding up to over 130 Billion Dollars of Taxpayer money! NO!
Sad!
GOP and trump care / baby killers
#StandWithRand
Breitbart? Seriously? You're better than that, Rand.
Always thought Republicans were Stronger than Dems. Yet since moved fm Dem to Ind, seems not. Is it that I'm seeing better? Trump is Dem
Trump is NOT Dem. He's "whatever he feels like at this particular moment" party 
Actually Trump n his family has always been Dem's.  They chgd their party to Rep rt b4 running. 2 kids were late so c/n vote 4 him in primes
You said start over on healthcare, not pushing bills that hurt seniors,  increase debt obligations (high risk pools). @gop @AARPadvocates
Hopefully you've come to regret endorsing @SenateMajLdr McConnell.
Your party proves that every day!
Washington knows that but is a complicated system..unfriendly n unpredictable n non partisan n manipulations etc.
Until we begin enacting state public school funding bills, like Pa's SBHB76, teachers union & legislators have no incentive
its sad  This why they call economics is a dismal science.
You lie
Premiums go up 15-20% 2018/19 then gradually reduces over next 7yrs 2 only 10% n 2026 meaning you r still paying 20-30% higher premium
Why can't we simply stop the diversion of funds from Fannie & Freddie and let Ocare fail on its own? There's no funding appropriated for it
Pleas start voting on budgets i agency dept at a time some people in congress do not want to put time in to be good stewards tax $
A work requirement for healthcare in new bill!? Great! Another Govt. program to waste money on, and an incentive for increased SSD sign ups!
If the Democrats like something, then I know for sure that it is NOT good for the country.  Simple.
Can Rand Paul please join the Democrats and stop being an ineffective RINO. Nothing gets done under Rand...
BRIETBART? Are you going to quote the National Enquirer, next?
Just start working TOGETHER  to support Pres. Trump's agenda &stop the infighting!!! We r all sick of u doing nothing!! BTW I voted 4 u!!
These ASSHOLES will understand one thing...when an angry mob of TRUE Americans shove a pole of indignation UP THEIR ASSES!
That the rules only apply to the rest of us. From healthcare to work ethics. - which they truly are lacking in They care about their wallets
Well, honestly any bill looks better than her Bill C.
Amen brother on the common sense. Now what the heck can we all do about it.
How can I  this x100 and add "I've been saying this the past 8 years but no politician, local or federal, listens."
We need to sweep out the "POLITICIANS"  and have real people who understand our issues represent us. God bless you!!
Like Supply Side and Trickle down don't work and never have but you still say they do? Those basic principles and common sense?
Senator Paul if you haven't realized it yet you should by now.  The only solution is Article V.  It was designed for this very situation.
e.g., adv selection, benefits of risk pooling.& need for public policy to solve neg externalities.& Implications of risk aversion
I agree Congress has lost touch with reality-term limits would rid us of Schumer
That's because Washington is full of lawyers and politicians. They are living in their fantasy bubbles and clueless about the real world!
The "Federal" reserve has to go(there's nothing federal about it).  The elite/illuminati/satanists should not be running US monitory system
Liar Paul Ryan & Republicans Sold Out Americans that voted for Them. They voted to Fund everything We are Against. They are Liars.
#CCOT
Let Ocare die.
Let states be responsible for their residents.
States should have ability to stand alone.
Stronger states = stronger US
Vote NO on Trumpcare
It IS an economics-free zone! 'Washington' is a system! TY SCOTUS!
Really? A Breitbart story? SMH
Common sense doesn't apply when debating individuals bound by Sharia law slavery-(Cair/Antifa)inflitrating courts.government.w/deceit!
Oh and, as I recall, the last time we had a balanced budget in DC was under @billclinton. A Dem Prez working with a Rep congress, too.
So for basic economic principles to apply, apparently we need compromise, and bipartisan leadership working together.
proof we are basically a one party system.  Parties of the big banks!!
Wait, you're giving exclusives to Breitbart?! Doctor, Senator, what the actual fuck?
Right on..you only prove you would have been a very good president
I am so fed up with the GOP. always playing defense. have trifecta & still lose. what hope is there?????
They all need to be drug tested-the bill is crazy. We will b Venezuela in decade with this irresponsibility. #AmericaFirst
@RandPaul you are becoming my favorite voice in Washington.
Look, we want the healthcare passed, pp defunded and the wall built. Any GOP who stand a against those WILL meet the voters fury!
I am so sick of our government being so inefficient. I think one of the reasons trump won was because he wasn't part of failure of govt.
They are intentionally inefficient, it secures them greater wealth and power.
President Trump Was 'Directly Involved' in Hunt for Tweeter of Inauguration Crowd Photo - TIME.
I think the answer is no, as in RINOs
Look we the people voted all in and trusted you had our POTUS's back and you all have Not done anything we are tired of talk! #Repsgrowaset
I sure hope Trump does not sign this ridiculous liberal bill....it goes against everything he campaigned on....
now some people might say not citing white supremacist sites is basic principles and common sense but not you, right senator
Unlike your position that with no regulations corporations will do the right thing on their own? @justicedems @SenSanders @vets4bernie
gibberish Elite DEMS spent us into hole & look at Detroit, Chicago, Baltimore murder cities bankrupt, have # work& make better or go home
Let them all read "The Road to Serfdom" by Hayek. They'll recognize their "game plan".  Keep fighting Rand, and talk sense to POTUS. Veto.
As demonstrated by the President pushing a 'trickle down' get more revenue by cutting taxes tax proposal that has failed in the past.
Sir Robin reference!! Nice!
Agree
Do we have any REAL Republicans in Congress or the Senate?
There is no such thing anymore.  Sure maybe a few who actually defend the Constitution and the Republic but the rest want what Dems want
Sadly, I think you are correct.
Re the Budget: Its Imperative that we all watch this and see the Democrats Lies. We actually won on the budget deal. https://youtu.be/mz2blreZFz0 
spend spend spend, we are sick of it. Fed gov't needs to get their act together and be responsible
Would like to read this, but I no longer click to Breitbart.
Agreed!  Why keep electing Republicans if they only turn around and act like Democrats????!!!
Lack of accountability has always been the financial issue. Look at the states these politicians represent! It's ingrained in the system.
@RandPaul Sick to death of all of you.  This is exactly why Trump was elected. Republicans are dominated and embarrassed by Dems!  Man up!
How do we get the votes needed in Senate from your Democratic colleagues to secure the legislation we desire?
Another round of golf with Trump and I'm sure you can solve the problem
You're a Doctor turned Politician who has done no study or academic work in economics.  Just, you know, a reminder.
.. common sense doesn't apply .. the "Beltway Club" lives in a bubble.. campaign.. election.. campaign... election &  party hearty
And our GOP leaders need to back Trump and grow some balls!
Lacking 'Intestinal Fortitude', Dems would not hesitate to use the nuclear option to get it through.
please kill it in the Senate.  It is an embarrassment to the Republican Party.
Rand I am telling you it is the most baffling thing #washingtonmath
Thank you, Senator Paul for putting breaks on Ryancare. I hope, POTUS is using cleaver tactics to get rid of Husseincare and not being nieve
Trump is a Trojan Horse, notice how his son in law got a huge loan from Soros.
I think Conservatives in office have forgotten, we won! We won because of "we the people". It's time to start serving "we the people".
Not common sense to use tax payer $ on @POTUS golf trips every wknd, family vacations & 24-7 NYC secret service. #draintheswamp
How about you all take the Healthcare you forced on US and we take your healthcare?? #YouarenoRonPaul. Sorry Randy
Sen Paul I believe you are trying to do good for us but I also believe if @POTUS thought you had a better plan then he would contact you.
And you and the other Republicans allow the Democrats to keep it that way.
@POTUS Don't vote for it. #draintheswamp #DrainTheDeepState
@realDonaldTrump  @POTUS  DO NOT SIGN THE BILL. RinoModerates hate free mkts. @SpeakerRyan  has destroyed his career. Can you say Boehner?
I also really like the article your dad posted on Ron Paul Institute. I wish there were more like you. I support you %
Vote must be made on record in Congress showing who supports party leadership. 2018 demands consequences. I didn't vote for this.
If this happens when Republicans control Senate, House& @POTUS =not sure what relevance RepublicanPary has. Congress needs to #GrowAPair
Could you stop running for re-election long enough to be a helper rather than a hinderance to the Republican Senate.
Republicans need to follow your lead. The party looks like a bunch of bumbling idiots right now.
Your continuous citations of Breitbart have made me lose a lot of respect for you.
That's even worse. I wouldn't legitimize it by writing for it.
GIVE THE PEOPLE THE HCPLAN THAT ALL SENATORS, CONGRESSMEN AND LEGISLATORS GET-VERY SIMPLE-AND EASY-THAT THE AMER PEOPLE PAY$$$ FOR
Great article I hope the Republicans have a good candidate to run in 2020. There is no way we can support Trump again. We Love Rep. Amash
WTH!?  That you are retweeting something from #breitbart tells me everything I need to know. . So glad I didn't vote for you.
Apparently pickerella is a liver on taxpayer money & doesn't understand Constitution give each individual the power,not her gov't.
Thank you for standing up for us! 
The whole government thinks this way.. its pathetic
There will be no fiscal discipline in Washington until the era of blank check book for the US comes to an end. You well know this @RandPaul.
That's so true and when gov't finally brings down the economy those who love gov't will blame Capitalism.  They will be wrong but who cares?
Duh. Look at all the idiots we (Ds & Rs)keep electing, including the WhiteHouse. @realDonaldTrump couldn't win who's smarter than 5th grader
Damn fine morning to u Paul, Damn good statement so what r u going to do about it 
So you're saying I can't get everything I want for free?
Shot sandwiches are free, but you have to eat the whole thing before you can leave the dinner table.
Rand, can you kick the crap out of Paul RINO pleeeaaassseee?
Or at least B-slap that shitza eating grin off his face.
@sbsun
@EconomicTimes
@XHNews
@PressTV
@RT_com
@FoxNews
@RealAlexJones
@DRUDGE
@SpeakerRyan 
@SenateMajLdr
@TulsiGabbard
@justinamash
@RonPaul 
@realDonaldTrump
Help repeal Obamacare
