END THE FED! END THE FED! END THE FED! END THE FED! END THE FED! END THE FED! END THE FED! END THE FED! END THE FED!
Rand, are you ok? Is the Bowling Green Massacre over yet?
hope not
Never gonna happen, because doing so will shine a light on the corruption and dismal financial condition of our country.
I'd like a full accounting of the gold at Fort Knox. Count every bar we own! It'll cost millions but we need to know! U agree?
yes audit fed but no need for Public investigation in Russian takeover of America. KGB Paul stands with Putin.
trump never had "audit the fed" in his 100 day plan. i read it. good luck mr paul, reminisce the drive to the airport.
History is watching.  We must stop the corrupt conflicts of interest. Are you a #ResisitorOrCollaborator?
@POTUS  @realDonaldTrump Audit the Fed!  This is our last chance!  Also get these executive orders passed so their longer acting.
Not a conspiracy theorist but that's how you get killed gruesomly.
There's too much to lose for special interest groups here.
He's going to be the patsy when it comes crashing down
An act of futility without any resolution to end the Fed. Is this something you're willing to pursue? We all know what we'll find.
I definitely agree Senator! Also we should audit the national debt!!

Audit the FED! When you need us, we're at The_Donald
Audit the Fed! It's about time!
senator please remember who you people work for we deserve better and as a veteran don't let others like Ryan do things to hurt us
Just #EndTheFed Rand. @EmilyT30823223
Can we audit the #gold that's supposed to be in Fort Knox too?
ONE THING AT A TIME. 1. Immigration   2. Healthcare  3. Audit the FED.@RandPaul @stevenmnuchin1
Audit and abolish the fed. Also abolish the EPA. Reduce the IRS budget
most Americans ignorant regarding Fed Res; otherwise they'd pass Go and just "abolish" Fed. Trump won't be rocking that boat :(
Is this more of a priority for libertarians than Trump's tax returns? Russia corrupting America < America corrupting America?
it's well past time we investigate the trump- Russian connection
-Q: Do you really live in a sovereign nation when the Government is "not allowed" to audit its own Central Bank?
Time to put the hammer down
No one stops Trump from doing what he wants to do.  Let's convince him to audit the Fed.  Or better yet close it down.
we should be auditing Congress. #resist
it's about time!! The truth will come to light.
we support you
How could you vote yes to Devos? I'm highly disappointed. 
a vote for Devos is inexcusable.
also pls vote against DeVos and Sessions.  We are all counting on you. #resist
Agree. Too much spending
You voted for DeVos.  After all of the educators you heard from, you voted for an unqualified billionaire.  #idiotsellout
The President proposes CONGRESS DISPOSES
Not likely as long as the Davos attendee Anthony Scaramucci has his ear.  Rand, how many other Jekyll Island types are in the WH?
it's also time to stop aligning with a tyrant like Trump a narcissus like we ever have seen
all I can say is when you audit the fed you better be ready to find out that we are broke
and it is time to vote you OUT!! 2020 Paul out!!!!
Please vote NO on Devoss!
#AuditTrump
I hope not! This Is a must
you will go down in history as a hero. #AuditTheFed
Please #AuditTheFed to win against the bubble burstin please America. #StandWithRand he onit!!
It's well past time to step up to a lot of things!! :/ -- Apparently!! ^/-
did you vote for devos?
we we sure as shit won't see Goldman S. audited either so we have that working in our favor
Absolutely Audit! This group should not control our wealth without full oversight including audits.
Randy, you keep talking in coded generalities ... Say something dude. Be for or against something  specific ... Cowardice
I was wondering who would touch this subject, but apparently you are on it and it gets support from Trump. GREAT!
should go back to gold standard and eliminate the Fed Res.  #banfedreserve
what would it reveal? What are the reasons not to audit the FD?
END IT!
Audit...get rid of it...not a part of USA government!
you can't possible vote to confirm this man!
You better audit before and after Trump admin to see what all these Wall St guys stole.
Repay the money borrowed from social security before we pay out  any foreign aid.
take them down!!!
We are tired of the DC money pit. All of our government needs audited.
What an audit would probably look like:
(Takes quick peek) "Nothing to see here folks, move along."
hey senator. Since you care so much about freedom maybe pay attention to what's going on around ya. Just a suggestion
@realDonaldTrump #AuditThePres first please.
@lonepatrick Here's where rand wheels out the Paul family tinfoil hat!
Its over..The Republicans have broke the Constitution...
End Them, I Want My Fucking Strawman BACK...
Just look at the chat between the Treasury ESF traders at NY Fed and Banks. That will tell you all you need to know #GlassSteagall
disappointed you voted for DeVos today
He DID? 
yes it is and we finally have the right POTUS to order it.
Rand Paul's Audit the Fed bill and Healthcare plan could improve America dramatically. @realDonaldTrump
It's well past time you stop Trumps tyranny! Seriously, Americans are scared!
make @realDonaldTrump  release his tax returns. And take a stance on the #muslimban
Let's also disband the @CIA 
We can stop all kind of problems
audit the President while you're at it.
I'd rather audit your conscience on how you could support the most unqualified nominee in history... campaign $$$? #DumpDevos
unqualified because of no political experience? Politicians are lazy. And Hillary had nothing but bad exp so... no.
WHY DIDNT YOU VOTE AGAIN DEVOS????? SHES FRICKIN TERRIBLE. DID YOU JUST SKIP THE ENTIRE HEARING??? #Disappointed
yes, @POTUS... Not only audit, but END the Fed. #EndTheFed! 

@realDonaldTrump
One of the more ambitious things I hope Trump does. It's going to create an insane amount of hysteria but it has to be done.
Only matters if we can end it

REPUBLICANS BUSY WINNINGGGGG EVERYDAY!
