Our nations integrity&security is at stake. WHAT DID THE PRES KNOW & WHEN DID HE KNOW?! Investigate! We the people demand answers.
party over country huh Rand?? Traitor
Our national SECURITY is at stake and all you care about is PARTISAN bullshit?
Party above country?  This smells of Watergate revisited. Get a backbone. Be a hero.
If I lived there, I would camp out in front of your home and blast Justin Bieber until your ears bled!
I had faith in you. Your comments today show you care more about party then country.Time for you to get tossed out with the others
You are lucky as HELL that I don't live in KY. No investigation b/c overturning ACA is MORE IMPORTANT?
Are you just nuts? Thought maybe you were the single sane GOP - but nope - you answered that - just as crazy as your leader
Thank You Senator Paul repeal ACA and replace it back to the free market place, give people freedom of choice!
No hearings on Trump mess. U Repubs sure loved spending millions on Clinton hearings. Face it Rand : u r just another DC hypocrite
You are as TRAITOROUS as Trump!
I found your statement on investigating Russia appalling. Americans deserve the truth. You trying to hide something?
You, sir, are a joke!  Shame on you for NOT following up on the Russian  connection because it involves republicans!  DO YOUR JOB!
country over party! Don't let Russia get away with interference in our affairs.
- Admitting that you wont hold your Rep colleagues accountable is not upholding your oath. Shame on you!
Why do you hate America and love Russia?
dismantling a system that works for Ky.? Yeah, that could be considered freedom from healthcare.
What on earth are you saying, Rand? Of course we investigate. 
See: Internal affairs, oversight, ethics.
Sen. Rand Paul: 'It Makes No Sense' For Republicans To Investigate Republicans http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/rand-paul-michael-flynn_us_58a36eeee4b094a129efc452 …
#StandWithRand
do your job INVESTIGATE trump Russia for Americas safety #doyourjob#investigate
.@KYTreasurer in-credible @RandPaul so ethically compromised he will forgo investigating blatant corruption to do what? Govern? Speechless 
Your statement putting @GOP before US security&the corruption by 45's Admin.is horrendous. Don't take your job for granted, ever.
The Affordable Care Act saves lives, 30 million will lose health care coverage if repealed
We need your plan!! Do not give up! @realDonaldTrump
.@RandPaul @KYTreasurer You're a pathetic republican shill making excuses for a treasonous & illegitimate presidency. Grow a spine & a chin.
Party affiliation should have no bearing on whether to hold government officials accountable. #DoYourJob
What are you hiding Rand? Someone doesn't try to not investigate something so important unless they have secrets themselves.
Republicans are taking away people's healthcare and Medicare to pay for a damn wall that most Americans don't want
#RandPaul likes to say "I'm a different kind of Republican. LOL http://thehill.com/blogs/floor-action/senate/319534-rand-paul-flynn-probe-would-be-excessive …
You mean freedom FROM healthcare, right? Unless you are now for a single payer system
"under a Republican administration, all Americans will have freedom from healthcare"
money is your Jesus
somebody needs too investigate ur crappy hair.
"it makes no sense to investigate a fellow Republican " you're a sellout,  I thought better of you
Then please don't take my healthcare away.  I'm 64, can't work, and am on expanded Medicaid w/chronic health probs.
151 overdoses in 4 days in Kentucky.  Why don't you care about that? Ur own states kids are dying
Are you fucking kidding me w/ this Republicans shouldn't investigate Republicans crap? Who TF do you think you serve?
KGB Paul proud Russian.
FATCA reform.  Please.  Restricts my options for investment retirement in Taiwan.
I hope you mean affordable healthcare, not wealthcare.
Are you kidding me w/ this BS? Call for a bipartisan independent investigation of Russian ties in WH or be complicit
I'm calling for an investigation of treason on Flynn. LOCK HIM UP
killer and chief
Ky miners always had the freedom to die w/out healthcare. Do you want to perpetuate this? Do you deserve better insr than them?
GOD'S EARTH isn't run by Senators from Kentucky Only the parts that resemble redneck hell are
I wish you could help America ,and help remove paul ryan , he in everyone I know view , is a obstructionist, traitor
KY Treasurer is a somewhat funny Twitter Handle that doesn't make me think of Kentucky.
Flynn is OUT-now they will get the rest of the 'JUNK-TRAITORS" out of the WH...GOP party falling apart..I am celebrating!!
They have to replace the code guy https://twitter.com/samueloakford/status/831175171595784192 … @TGowdySC @VP
Mar-a-Lago member who pays Trump hundreds of thousands of dollars posts pics of - and identifies - US official carrying nuclear football. 
I'm glad your hair is less weird hopefully voters will like you more some day
Please stay vigilant > Mike Flynn getting $ from Russia & lying about sanctions talk, Trump & Putin, ETC
Country before party!
TY!
Did you talk about how healthcare should be a basic right in this country? Disgusting #RepublicansAmericaIsWatching
@SpeakerRyan @realDonaldTrump  we demand the same health insurance the Senate has that we the people pay for!!!
There needs to be a bipartisan investigation into Trump's Russian entanglements.  It is warranted!  Thank you!
All for healthcare freedom - #RepealAndReplace #MAGA 
anyone else think she is super cute?
Hope u talked breaking the Med Cartel. It's why med expenses out of control. Revise your bill no antitrust exemption
Americans are in fear, Russia, Flynn, Bannon & we are counting on the GOP's to speak up. Not doing so, shows all of your approval.
I love Ky. Born in coal country, Pike County. Live in Indiana. Some day will go back for good.
how about not exempting the health care industry from Federal antitrust laws for starters @tickerguy
hope u guys discussed implementing UHC
I have a question. When are you going to ever get anything done? Excuses seem to run thick with congress!!
Yes, please keep us free from that pesky healthcare. #MAGA
Healthcare freedom, Senator? Is that how you're billing dismantling Kynect, one of the ACA's great success stories?
hope U saved world today and balance the budget tomorrow.
KY is already so fucked in terms of public health - IVE GOT AN IDEA!! LET'S TAKE AWAY THEIR HEALTH INSURANCE!!
you sir are in American supremist
Sir @RandPaul if I may, how does an undocumented alien get a driver's license issued to them?
#Asking4aFriend
GOP obstructionist, you are from KY, she is from KY, so your point is? Hey, maybe can get pic with illegal pickers?
What's treasonous?
not trying to argue, what is the proof?

