How can you trust someone only interested in helping criminals
This is important! So great to see senators working in a bipartisan fashion; by the way, that's how the founding fathers designed Congress.
Criminals think it's important it only benefits them.
So uninformed! Excessive bail CREATES prisoners for minor offences, increases welfare rolls, etc. you should read more!
Reasonable bail works. Excessive bail does not. I don't have to read I've been in the industry 22 years
Jason is absolutely correct! That's what the bill in question tries to assure.
Thanks Bill I hope that I'm right
#Harris2020
Cindy this bill only helps criminals
Rand Paul , What's bail reform? Is it like Trump Pardoning a criminal? Sometimes it looks like our government is a crime syndicate.
Bail reform is a good thing if you are a criminal
With healthcare crisis, illegal immigration, national debt, etc... you focus on "bail reform".... 
Exactly the only people who benefit are criminals
Really love this bill, sir.It is high time we look at why we have so many incarcerated in this country & the unfairness $$ brings to justice
Criminals love it as well. Now they get caught and released and if they don't appear nobody will chase them. Great idea.
No - but some people sit in jail when they can't afford bail & have to wait months to be exonerated. Have to see full context of bill first
Fair enough. I agree with reasonable bail not excessive
How can u support criminals. Let me guess u want the hard working honest ppl to pay.
Good luck on that one
If you're working with kamala harris something smells
Please help!
Thanks @VSullivan4NH 
 Now this is Bi Partisanship
From Kentucky to California and
back to New Hampshire
Kamala Harris is not good for America Rand Paul.
Bail shall not be denied nor excessive. Where did i read that Mr. Paul? ? ?
This is one of the reasons I love you - thank you!
If it was about poor people vs ruch.. why not do away with private attornies instead??? This bail reform is WRONG!
Their behavior is abuse it is wrong it is unsafe for they threaten murder and they're stalling what Americans need to do get off pollution
Please keep it to 140 characters:your obsessive tweeting is keeping others from being heard, frankly no one reads past two continue tweets.
https://www.facebook.com/KidRockForUSSenate/videos/2112674012293421/ …
You did one heck of a speech in front of congress about debt, unfortunately with my 36 followers I can't spread the word.Will you post link?
Any medical facilities. Why should I pay for the lazy people who want medical care but not a job
If u can't pay the bai don't do any crime its easy. Mexico is bring illegals drugs crime so we will make it low for them
Thank you both!
Why don't you start supporting President Trump And stop your hate towards him Are you part of the deep state?
If this truly about inequality of poor vs. Rich, why not get rid of private attorneys? This only hurts poor communities. No to bail reform!
You are SO WRONG ON THIS ONE RAND! SO DISAPPOINTED IN YOU. LEARN THE FACTS!
They try to say they define my soul and hate it and want to get rid of me for Good. That's their excuse of lying killing planet
Its because they plain hate me BC I'm not an abusing Nazi. Honestly I would never want to belong to a church that believes
I appreciate the bipartisan effort, and really do support bail reform.  Thanks for this.  London, KY voter.
We need the individual mandate for insurance stopped. This does nothing but allow the IRS to steal our tax money even if we have not used
Nazi's and all that is  b.s. its to get what they want doesn't matter that they have been responsible. Don't let criminals out if jail
And animals.they hate me so they claim its religious call me yukky gross things all lies.
In treating Americans the way they do and why they keep stopping america from getting off pollution
2 Corinthians 8:9
For you know the #grace of our #LordJesusChrist, that though He was rich, #yet for your #sakes He became [1/2]
poor, that you through His #poverty might become rich. [2/2]
Bot
Ecclesiastes 10:12
The #words of a #wise #man’s #mouth are gracious, But the #lips of a #fool shall swallow him up;
We're with you Senator! G-D bless!
Please just resign.
Seriously?
Yeah but you know #TrumpRussia is something worth investigating why not go bipartisan with that?  
Putin has infiltrated our White House. 
They're nuts they want to hurt earth to hurt Americans saying they're bad they can't care about planet
Not true criminals will love this bill.
I'm not a Kamala fan, but okay.
I don't trust anything that Kamala Harris supports.
Maybe you should look into the issue and make a judgment on that instead of playing partisan politics because of Harris?
I hope that means you are raising it for illegals.
No it means if you commit crimes you get out for free and don't have to post bail. It's a license to steal
Senator Paul be American first and then politician.
While abused. Of course they ignore all the good about me and how I care souch for others. And how I've tried to help our country be healthy
Nuts but it really is nsa abusing me. Even if I have a cigerette they abuse me calling it a sin
 Its very difficult to take care of yourself
Marijuana so they are using it as excuse to spy on people and abuse them. This was obvious twenty Yeats ago.but I thought I was more
They mentally say religious yuk in my life I want no part of. I want them out of my life. They know everyone practically in america likes
They can't be in government. This abusive NSA program is not american at all.
Marijuana is a plant it is obvious session knows its not bad its they call it evil
Its like people who want to beat up people who are handicapped at school its bullying hate crimes.
Nothing they think or say about me is true. Its abusive I'm human I'm not bad I genuinely care. I know they're wrong
Think aren't Christian according to how they behave.
It is that they are abusing people using government power that they aren't suppose to. They cannot abuse Americans they don't like or they
Rebuild our country to not be controlled by abusers and help these people. They say mean awlful things like this is a spiritual war when
We are going to have to educate public about this religious persecution and create a  hotline for people to get emotional support and
They use Elizabeth too or anything I've said and its sickening it abuse. Royalty can't abuse Americans either
They harass and say they will hurt people that I write about it or know like my family you and others in government
Badgering me its a total abuse of money to police to abuse fraud to keep laws that are supporting religious persecution.
Even while I wrote you to make it like um bad when I'm not bad at all. There was just some sick cop thing went off while theyre
Their homeless bring drugs on properties to where people are trying to get services to try and get them shut down. They badger me with lied
There is nothing lawful about it. They follow me everywhere and harass me using names like Jesus Mary and any bad names too they pretend
Americans by lying about it to try and use it to put their NSA equipment in homes then religiously persecute people drive them nuts.
This whole federal marijuana fraud sessions is doing is because Americans aren't stupid about marijuana and know it's good.they want to hurt
Persecution and sexual harassment. None of this would be legal they're abusing Americans.
Causing it. I am literally a disabled homeless woman trying to get off social security and they are abusing me with questions if religious
Get told its all in our head with these white supremist then lying not caring they are getting people on psychotropic drugs when they're
They cannot go around abusing Americans they don't like. They use bad words and it has driven me nuts before and others in America. Then we
Religion which is against the law. They are using government spying and money to keep sgittinv up americsns need to not be abused
Abuses help create. These men do not love or understand me at all. They don't get it that they've basically been terrorizing Americans using
Immediately put stuff in media to say mean things about Americans terrible actions from being a mess from our sick communities their bad
Etc and I have tried to write about helping american government realize abuse is not justice its abuse and doesn't work. They then will
They are wrong and the american people would never approve if this and its not pk they're lying about it. They say mean things like justice
They ask me questions and day mean things like as I'm writing you your trying to get out of it its so gross this is abuse
They then harass and include me in their delusions and r erything they're doing is abuse and wrong. Its sexual harassment it's inhumane
Respect of privacy the right to not be abused or discrimination. They ask me mean things like everything I'm about is bad and if I blink
Them asking me spiritual questions if I movey body or blink then they with their sick mental interrogation spy shit to my mind there's no
This abuse of Americans isn't just about terrorism like they say it is religious persecution brainwashing. I wake up to them asking me
It is obvious to me it hasn't been vpoces in my head that I'm abused and harassed.the things snowden said are true.
Mentally abuse the disabled
 Its like a set up for failure this government using a healing plant everyone knows is good.
Mr rand Paul it is so difficult to love and care so much for people and see this administration abuse government with fraud to spy on us and
#StandWithRand
PA needs to fix their justice system bot AG to busy grandstanding  suing the federal govt looking at equifax...
Thanks please #standup
Kamala is the devil. Never turn your watch away from her
Harris is a lying corrupt thief stole BILLIONS meant for homeowners to cover the public pensions screwing HOs. DON'T TRUST HER EVER PERIOD
She just wants bail reform bc she k owe she's going to have to post it soon
He's about to allow the Awan family off the hook.  another immunity deal like Hillary Clinton's clan.
Then why is FBI director Andrew McCabe still an acting agent
I lost all respect for Rand Paul for not supporting repeal and replace ACA
He desired it to be repealed entirely, no replace. There should be no replace
Don't fall for this BS.  This is liberal agenda and a slippery slope.
@tedcruz @realDonaldTrump @jeffsessions   The LE leaders they talk about are union bosses and/or elected sheriffs/chiefs in liberal areas.
@realDonaldTrump @tedcruz @jeffsessions This is a misguided attempt at criminal justice reform.  You put criminals before public!  Shame.
1 in 4 Americans convicted of crime  highest incarceration rate in the world. So many felons no one left to hire.
Civics lesson. Infractions (tickets), misdemeanors (fine-less then 1 year county jail), felonies (over 1 year - prison). Crimes take intent.
Know way more then u. See it from both sides.
I do my best to empathize with everyone I contact. 99% of the 1000's of police officers I know, do.
Really?? With leftist radical Kamala Harris?? Part of the swamp now, huh?
Working on the Tax Reform Plan Mr Senator or just sabotaging????
NO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Please don't work with kamala that'll only increase her profile
Get rid of the Dreamer law that Obama shoved down are throat
hopefully kamala's bail reform is not a byproduct of hidden small inscriptions we have seen that dems r deceptive
Harris doesn't support our laws
You Sir have entered the chambers of Satan's concubine! No reforms for bail! Her criminal reforms cost Law Enforcement and civilian lives!
@SenKamalaHarris 2020!
Yeah no
Spending 10 mil & getting Fed Gov involved in things that judges & lawyers should handle is a bad move. Also, end mandatory minimums!
Rand Paul means nothing to me. Used to think he was bright but now he is seen as always a trouble causer.
Reduced taxes > bail reform
You'd better look at what's happened in NJ, sir.
You are sleeping rand and to think i used to support you you are s grand stander
What about Harvey Relief? Voted No? WOW
She's a snake! She will surely bite you
Law enforcement for Lois Lerner????
Bail reform?  Really?
Yes lets all the criminals out. While I get to pay a 400 red light violation because its idiots ike her thinking that's good for everyone
You are teaming with a Snake. Dont be surprised when u get bit
Most senators do a reach around, @RandPaul does a reach across, thanks for working with everybody!
Paul you are lucky Senator Harris solid,truthful will even associate with the likes of you. Find you have NO compassion but 4 the RICH.
Of course you're proud. She's a traitor just like you!  RESIGN!!!!!!!!!
That is one disgusting woman
Unconstitutional Bail reform doesn't work and is racist propaganda to punish blacks automatically. Wake up
Bad move Randle - Kamala is an #Obama snake in disguise..
Tying yourself to the wrong people, Senator, is not a good move.
Good on you both. Now can you guys also work together to remove that unconstitutional clown from the White House?
This is not a good thing for law abiding citizens just criminals
Thank you for working across the aisle
Yes they should support all criminals
As a criminal defense attorney, bad idea. If you can't get affordable bail, the public is better off
Unconstitutional Bail reform doesn't work and is racist propaganda to punish blacks.
I support bail reform. Hard to defend yourself if you've been fired due to inability to amass bail money.
Criminals are delighted over this.
There are a few in the senate and a few in the house that should be marginalized at all cost, that crazy woman is one of them.
May your example catch on, Senators.
Losing respect for you, Rand, because of this useless bill
That is good news. Walk the walk and get it done now, Senators!
Fantastic if you are a criminal you no longer have to worry about paying a bail.
Misdemeanors NO CONTEST => mandatory sentencing non violent offenses-> $ or  $18 day DOC lockup profit farms. Go kick rocks, bail bondsman!
Again this helps criminals. No need to be rude remember it's okay to disagree after all it's America in case you forgot
Criminals are the only people who will benefit from this. Not law abiding citizens
How about giving ALL is US single payer, and take insurance companies out of health care. So much money can be saved removing insurance co.
Idiot
Sorry to see you working with this racist person.
I tell ppl we should legalize heroin and they think we are ALL GOING TO DIE as if they never heard of Fentanyl.
she's batshit crazy.
She's 100% right on this issue and that's all that should matters
This bill helps criminals only.
Are we bailing Kamala out of Congress?!
If your working with a radical socialist it can't be good
OMG you worked with a Democrat!!  The nerve of it!
It's what you work on democrats with. I guess reading comprehension is better with crayons
Working with the Obama protégé. No thanks. She's already starting fund raising with Clintons 
Bi-partisan is and always will be the only way towards structural reform that benefits the most, not just the few.
She's a communist.
My man! Cleaning up the streets and saving us money at the same damn time.
Ugh!
We will drain t/swamp when the time comes..ALL those who go against the American people WILL BE voted out..we are NOT playing around anymore
Isn't it time now?  You're just going to drag your feet until you get some magical sign from Trump?
Harris is Anti-American by supporting DACA and Dreamers ACT which Obama enforced illegally and our Congress allowed him to.
Good ol progressives who spend a lifetime putting nonviolent offenders in jail :)
End the drug war.
Justice is supposed to be blind.  Not based upon the color of your skin.... Including bail
And its not. This bill is a joke and will not pass. The "reforms" included in it are already law
Do you have a link to the bill?  If not I can google it
This site has a pdf copy
should also legalize drugs and let drug dealers out of prison. That should fix a lot of issues.
Actually correct
I was being serious. We should legalize it all and let all the drug dealers out of prison.
I understand. Anyone on a nonviolent charge. should have case reviewed at least.
So you're working with the Clinton supported 2020 candidate now eh?
You realize you're the problem with the decisiveness, right?
should get your bail money back from the court if found innocent.
Did they keep yours? A bail bondsman charges,a fee, if you paid a % answer is no. If you pay full bail, answer is yes.
