looks like you are one of the few that thinks the gov should be out of the business
give up your tax payer health care and we'll call it even
tax payer health care is all that is covering everybody!
perhaps, after all insurance is a collective commune - very socialistic in nature and yet a lot like gambling
better than allowing all the pooprest to fie because they can't afford coverage.
pooprest to fie?
How many votes did @RandPaul get for prez? No wonder these clowns never get anything done.
You realize Rand Paul is on Trump's side, right?  The RINOs are trying to push Obamacare-lite.
No Paul wants to dump 20 million people from HC which would be a political disaster. Trump doesn't.
Rand Paul wants to repeal and replace (he has a bill to do that). RINOs want to keep mandate and other BS
wants to give dimms access so they can issue talking points for MSM to trash bill. Paul is politcally inept loser
No, Rand Paul wants the people to be able to read it.  Paul Ryan is like the loser Pelosi"you have to pass it to read"
Rand Paul has more integrity in his pinky than Paul Ryan has in his whole body.
Heres an idea. Your constits now want improvement not repeal. Get to work on that instead of trying to screw us all
that's a lie no one wants to keep this trash
@The_Virg_ @RandPaul REPUBLICAN PLAN WON'T fine or JAIL PEOPLE WHO DON'T want it. Working people will get a good break
Sister in law lost much needed medication because of ASTRONOMICAL cost increases thru Obamacare .She has cancer
MANY lost their health care who had it before ACA! No body gives a hoot for them! STay strong 100% repeal.
lets pray that its so
AMEN. And... so sorry to hear about your sis-in-law :-( praying peace over your family!
thank you..prayers always welcome
sounds like a good plan
Can We The People be part of the Healthcare debate and share our ideas?
Rand, you whine more than the Democrats. Of course you lost the Presidency just like they did. Remember?
Rand Paul is fighting for you too!
@jetrotter @RandPaul Agree! We need real reform, not more protection for insurance companies
can't we give new entitlement healthcare and say then get rid of social security?
It is in committee, are you ON THAT COMMITTEE? My advice, wait till tomorrow, then read it and decide, mean time HUSH!
Acting like a spoiled child, Get your act together Rand and help craft a bill that works. It's called give and take.
Love your tweets! @randpaul Stay the course REPEAL!
And replace with what? Or simply allow millions to  go without some form of universal health care? Tell me
Replace it with freedom,  it's legislation that our Senate can't even read!
@potus The same Rhinos who supported Pelosi "we have to pass the bill to understand it!" are behind Obamacare lite 
Open up across state lines.  Bring in competition.  All insurers must take preexisting conditions. Get Gov out of healthC
NO Obama light.  NO new entitlements.
Everyone is happy to repeal #Obamacare that they fail to see the gov is still trying to stick their nose in #healthcare
allowing me to keep my own money, rather than send in as taxes, is NOT an entitlement.  My money in 1st place.
How can he call it anything if he hasnt seen it?  We don't know if it's a new govt program or not.
I think they really need Random Paul involved with a new plan.
Open it up so everyone can see.
What is wrong with Republicans? They have a job to do and instead they form a circular firing squad. Graham and Paul should shut up.
