The last war for "freedom" was WWII, the rest were imperialist. They weren't Heroes.
Do you call yourself a libertarian?
Not fully, but I have strong libertarian leanings
I thought so. Your comment to our solders is shameful. The men and women who fought and died were doing what their C in C ordered.
I've heard estimates of 1.5 million Iraqis died, a whole country destroyed. The US soldiers who did that are shameful.
Again, the soldiers are not to blame the "men" like Rand Paul who send them into harms way are. All wars are unjust aim that at the leaders
Why aren't the soldiers to blame? They hold the guns in their hand, they press the buttons that kill...
Stop undeclared wars!
Too little too late
Never too late to stop bs wars.
Thank you for your convictions. The attack on Hannity has me very concerned about free speech.  We can't know what is kept from us.
End all wars. Let's take a lesson from remembering.
WE NEED REPEAL AND REPLACE CALL YOUR COWORKERS FELLOW AMERICANS ARE SUFFERING!
How do we get a special prosecutor for the investigation into the death of #SethRich? The current D.C. prosecutor is tied to case...
La resistencia l'está haciendo muy bien, ayudemoslos y dejemos d'sabotearlos publicando brujos y otros opinadores prediciendo pronta salida.
Happy Memorial Day to our fallen heroes who made ultimate sacrifices for our country.
We also remember our loved ones that have passed on.
Disgusted that you could fake concern for humanity and advocate pulling out of the Paris Agreement. #hypocrisy
Rand Paul Fully Supports Trump Praising:

 Dictators who MURDER & RAPE Citizens
  on Allies who DIED defending the US

Banana Republic
It would be better if you could change the status of the USA as the world's policeman.. We are weary of war and want it to end..
You are so fake and coward.
Nice face
You running  president  2020 Paul! ?
Need cut back  homeland  too much
Babies born  crazy  28 % 
Obama care  tax forms  uh  Paul
Thank you! But, the job your doing in WSH is excellent! You are honoring service members everywhere not matter unpop it may be.
So, when are you coming back to Ashland. I have questions that need answered.
Any word on if you were spied on  by Obama ?
Help make sure this is properly funded please..
Trump’s Proposed Budget Cuts Trouble Bioterrorism Experts http://nyti.ms/2rP2kzK 
Sen, plse DO answr truthfully: 4 what did they die? 4 who's freedom? 4 what country? 4 what interests? WHO benefited??? May they ALL RIP...
Cost of War .... like you care.... just go .... just go...
Let's honor them by closing our overseas bases and bringing our troops home!
I am grateful that you follow the Constitution when it comes to war.
Rand is one of the biggest hypocrites in all of Washington.
We give thanks to all our fallen heroes and their families this Memorial Day for their sacrifices they made for our cherished freedoms.
And to not look the other way when our democracy is threatened by #russiantreason.
And their families who have sacrificed as well.  Bless them all.

FREEDOM. #impeachthetraitors
Today is a Good Day to remember that All Wars are Banker Wars!
Senator I voted for TRUMP because he stood for everything I wanted to preserve in our countrySecurity, Jobs for Americans, Self Sufficiency!
The cost of shilling for Our corporate overlords? The jig is up Senator. You don't value US lives. We see you.
War comes with a great cost as does frayed relations with allies! Complicity with 45 does not help our national security
#Deranged sadly
You support a president who disgraces their sacrifice by embarrassing this nation and colluding with our enemies! You should be ashamed
we know he hates John McCain
No, YOU remember the cost of war before you follow trump to world destruction
The globalist elite still crying, but who loves the western countries still with you. #MAGA
I remember them every morning when I wake up in a free country and every night when I lay my head in a free country.

But we can't tax the wealthy to pay for those wars?
Trolls are lowest lifeform.
Have blessed day Rand and thank you.  I pray you help find justice for Seth Rich who also died fighting evil.
"Always remember the cost of war.." exactly, the lunatics in our government want to spill blood for profit, American blood!
I hope to find a volunteer lawyer to file a lawsuit against Saudi Arabia who killed my daughter &destroyed my house
#Merica

