Ready to fight for the rich and corporations?! Lol
Everyone. Period.
Tax reform doesn't apply to people making under 200k sorry to burst your bubble

That's not a rebuttal Erin... but glad to know you can't back your position. 
There is no rebuttal needed for blatant and outright lies.

I don't know... Not being a liar makes it pretty easy to sleep at night.
thank you
All American citizens should get a tax break including none residents REPEAL #FATCA
You can unfollow me (remove the stone) if my tweets trouble you. I won't mind because I don't like being stepped on anyhow.
Oh! That just makes my entire Friday afternoon giddy after coming off an all night shift. Rand is muh boy tho.
It's called a financial comprehensive report check the fact sheet learn the facts not the fictions of The Wizard of Oz behind the curtain!
#TaxReform easy Do opposite of what these say: @potus @gop @SpeakerRyan @freedomcaucus @RANDCorporation @Heritage @SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP
Don't give millionaires a "tax break"!!!!
@ShotgunWillie74 It appears the RINOS are already starting with their shenanigans. Their are going to sabotage this bill as well.
It's about time
#StandWithRand
Gran we really really really need this please hold your ground and convince some of your coworkers
We know you are and that you will! Thank you
Repeal ACA.
Senator Paul God Bless u and your father
Your plan?
You mean you're ready to cut interest created by the Federal Reserve on America's money not the elites!
I would be very interested in knowing what your plan is Rand Paul to fight for tax reform
Well then DO IT! GET IT DONE! Show the American people that you guys are really trying to get this done! Healthcare too!
Yeah right seeing is believing.
@ThisIsWhyTrump with actually getting something done? Or failing like health cares and wasting our hard earned money.
Had better get the Senate Republican on same page with no add on bridges to no where either! Get them to focus on American workers and jobs!
Make it happen
FYI..   ABT.. #DACA  Trump's term "as is" means RESTRUCTURE, turning an Not legal action to a legal bill, support Trump plz #repealobamacare
Oh no! Whenever Paul gets involved nothing gets done. He reminds me of a wrench you throw into the spokes.
stop...help real Americans. Not just the rich
Make sure it's real tax reform and not tax cuts for the wealt
@RandPaul just make sure that tax reform is equitable and not more trickle down economics #TaxReform17
About darn time. "Give us House, Senate, Oval." Gottem all& still infighting, twaddling& obstructing! Pick a campaign promise&DO something!
I think you need to direct that warning to yourselves. The Senate ran the repeal of Ocare into the wall. You never wanted to repeal it!
To much fighting now between Reps & you'll blow what might be our last chance to help Americans as Dems will never. They glut US with Needy
TAXATION IS THEFT, ESPECIALLY PROPERTY AND INCOME TAXES.  ABOLISH THE IRS.
That's right. Let's steal from the poor and give to the rich! Idiot.
Rand, one thing I agree with you... get the hell out of the Middle East. We can't cut taxes, rebuild Texas, and fight wars at same time!
Stop taxing social security income!
Rand, ready to fight for tax reform? Then be flexible. Stop demanding to get 100% of your libertarian ideas.
Good luck, you and about 40 other non-establishment politicians will try to do the right thing.
Please try not to be an obstruction
Raise taxes on $250000 and over income and lower under $250000
You'll just block it #everybodiesonthetakeinDC$$
Fight for S. 18, the Fair Tax Act. Un-tax production and the poor. Tax wealth, not wages.
Please do @RandPaul , no one else is fighting for us...the ones who actual pay the bills!
No income tax!!  We are not supposed to be taxed on our labor only goods we purchase
I hope so!
Me too!
Mitch will shut you down.
Make it one page. Kid deductions, grandfathered house interest deductions and charitable deductions. That's it.
Blah blah blah
I'm ready to stop talking about it and get it done. Hopefully we are on trumps timeline not congresses.
You will end up fighting tax reform is what you will do.  Your contrarian brand you are trying to build is stupid.  shocked u voted hc rfm
Fight who? With who? Do something, good luck. No individual can win. You need a group United.
You are a good man, you represent us, thank you for that, it is rare.
Rand Paul, Paul Ryan, so tax reform, tax reform, blab blab blab. Where's  the  numbers/ figures/percentages, Who benefits?
The only real reform will be elimination of all loopholes and complex formulas. The fewer deductions, the better.
Build the Wall first.
Get tax reform done.Waiting for  small businesses corporate tax .
And fight the GOP better! I'm beginning to wonder if you are purposefully opposing @realDonaldTrump! Stop the opposition! #goldenopportunity
SUPPORT OUR PRESIDENT
Flat tax or national sales tax get rid of the IRS and income tax. Just tell them.
Randy how are u going 2 save ur soul?
http://www.sfchronicle.com/news/politics/article/Source-says-Trump-Hill-leaders-to-meet-next-12160904.php#photo-14019730 …
Heard it before on obamacare. To bad you sold out to BCBS just like the rest of the politicians
The left will demagogue this to death. We must be strong.
Very nice Rand Paul: how'bout taking care of a primary responsibility of balanced budget & not waiting till last min to manage our debt!!
Thank you.  The middle class and seniors seem to bear the brunt of everything financial.  We need help.
You r ready to fight for tax reform 'til something doesn't go your way. Then it's the same old whiny Rand Paul, taking his toys & going home
You mean fight against!!!
Could you be clear about what broken parts you want to "reform?"
Severance packages for broke public pension/retirement/health ponzi scheme plans to their own IRAs, HSAs, etc.. True reform !!!
Finally you're talking about something that I can get behind. Make it happen!!
This is the first tax reform you must pass!!!
Fighting <> winning
Fyi, the real corporate tax rate in canada is around 28%. You and other gop forget to add the provincial tax
We need u & the rest of the Freedom Caucus to fight hard for us!!!
And hopefuly repeal Obamacare. Senator you are majoring in a minor.
For the hard-working middle class or Trump's cronies?

We will see you don't do what you say
Are you ready to give in alittle if necessary?


Rand Paul is dropping fire op-eds lately
#FATCA @RandPaul
please include repealing FATCA & CBTax @SpeakerRyan @realDonaldTrump @ChuckGrassley
In what form? Your way or no way or negotiated?
Yet you couldn't fight your way to a healthcare repeal? I have little faith in  you Dr...
We need more Senator's like you.
Of course Mr. Senator u and u party have their own agenda help corporations take American job out the country and funding terrorists group
Better start fighting to keep your job
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN 
Either abolish personal income tax, or make it the same as corporate tax. @RandPaul @RepThomasMassie @DaveBratVA7th @justinamash @Jim_Jordan
I agree totally  get rid of the income tax!  We are not supposed to be taxed on labor thanks to the amendment we have to!  BS
Eliminate individual income tax!
Senator Paul. Presidents in the past ran on tax reform. Please this time Congress must not let the tax payers down again.
We`ll how that goes this time
Let's get results!
YOU better start doing something,it's BULSHIT how all you republicans act
holy shit, you mean you are actually willing to work for something valuable!?!?!
you @RandPaul  are one of the few I actually believe.
#Rand2020
Rand Paul I've got a great deal of respect for you
WHO CARES!!??
You'd better be!!
You better put your big boy pants on this time.
Actions speak louder then words. Let's see if you lazy Republicans can get something done this year before we vote you all out.
I hope and pray you guys can find common ground and get it done for the American people!
Kick McCain, Murkowski, Collins and any other slackers in the butt while you're at it.
Insolent  #irrelevant
Please do. Tooth and nail
Senator Stop overthinking everything so much you cant pull the trigger
Someone better start fighting.  Too late for some of y'all to get reelected!!
Finally something you will fight for? American people wanted you on heathcare reform as well!
9m #Americans are counting on u to stop #FATCA #CBTax forcing us into #citizide. We need #territorial #tax for individuals now! #TaxReform17
Repeal the highest tax of all, obamacare
You are a troubled man and stopping all progress of the GOP policy work.  Come out and announce your membership in the DNC.
How about healthcare reform? How about the wall?
Please fight for the Fair Tax
Multiple investigations by TIGTA, multiple infractions by IRS & 6 more laws to "fix" it. #FAIRtax fixes the IRS by ELIMINATING it & #MTFA. 
Against it...you're against everything
You should challenge McCain to a duel
First you allowed the Budget/trade deficit to grow to 19 plus trillion .. and now you want to address tax reform.  Sick
Please get corporate taxes lowered along with an increased minimum wage. The lower taxes can be used as an investment in the workforce
Oh thank god someone's looking out for billionaires #NotOnePenny
Too bad it has to be a fight!
well get it do this time !!!
Repeal Lautenberg now.
Just like you did for health insurance
hopefully at least you of any senator remembers corporate tax reform does not help 85% of small businesses, fight for main st not wall st
Is that code for "more tax breaks for the rich while the poor and middle class continue to shoulder the burden"?
We know you are!
Make your voice LOUD! @realDonaldTrump needs you!  #MAGA #Patriot!
You self-centered ass-bananas will not do ANYTHING to assist POTUS before the 2018 elections, and even less if you survive. 
PROVE ME WRONG!
That's good. How much of a tax break is 4 the really rich? That probably includes you!
If you don't get behind Trump you'll be gone.
Then you'll have to fight Mitch McConnell and Paul Ryan because they don't care about tax reform or being productive.
We support you. Unfortunately, your colleagues will not.
We need actions not words
It will fall...just like healthcare
Still trying to recover from your lack of support for President Trump.  You must have your lobbyists to feed now.
What's your opinion of potus's tax plan? And btw I'm a KY resident and always glad to cast my vote for Americas most constitutional senator.
Thank you sir for fighting for libarty!!  You're not alone!!  Hopefully McDaniel from Mississippi will join you!!!
Let's hope so.  It's for the people NOT politics!
We're all ready!!!!
Liar u want to shut down govt no compromise ever that's your rep
Fight to get rid of Trump first!
Well at least you're still for something Rand. We were beginning to doubt.
Just get something done! Pre-tax HSAs would be a great start!
Glad to hear it Rand
For who the rich and corporate America . You are a bunch of pathological liars who care less about Americans just like 45. Empty vessels
You misspelled undermine
We have your support sir much respect for all the work you have put in
Tax cuts for corporations only help the wealthy, 499 employees is not a small business in most people's opinions
Repeal the 16th Amendment..
#FAIRtax NOW!
Time for Paul to step up to the speakership.
Proof it
REPEAL OBAMACARE
Any sign of tax policy specifics on the horizon? 

Just a bunch of posturing and empty signaling so far, it has been 8 months.
Nobody's listening, Ayn. Your time would be better spent on this year's Festivus jokes.
Middle class needs tax cuts
The Fair tax please
me to
Money for the Rich Congress is rich what the National debt
I liked you, then I hated you, then I liked you again! Stupid me! Now I see the light & I despise you! @GOP has become the party of Greed!
How's tax reform greed?
10% Flat Tax no deductions. For everyone, every company.
RP u will never agree with anything/ go away
Thank you! Isn't there a grave risk that attorneys and financial ppl will seek to sabotage to protect their roles and influence?
Reform as in tax the rich and corporations?
Rand paul is ready to fight for tax reform
How about standing up and fighting for America RANDY? Hey RANDY, the clown in the Whitehouse is destroying our country and you do ZILCH.
What about being able to deduct child care expenses?   And how about all student loan interest eligible not just less than X income 
Good then fix it already and dont think we are forgetting about Obama care.  Fix that NOW!
You need to wake up ! Get on the train or get left behind !
#GodBlessAmerica, 
#GodBlessPresidentTrump, 
#SayNOtoTheChip
The wealthy are experiencing record profits right now. But let's give them more tax breaks. That's the ticket.
read ... 
i did and i will read it again. 
i will be back after i read it again. 
if i can you can
i taught pottery.
american people 
1/2
the only thng taxing in clay is if it is off balance
tax cuts for all
american people 1st
2/2
For whom?
As someone who has paid taxes since I was 14 (paper route), almost 20 yrs on I'm having ALL of my 1A taken by billionaires. Tax'em
You guys need to get it done this time
I'm sure you will oppose anything Trump comes up with as usual ! But you'll get the spot light you seem to like so much ! Hope I'm wrong !
Coward. Try fighting for the removal of an unduly elected traitor.
We need tax cut. Don't do to the tax bill what was done to healthcare.
Did you know that Jesus never fought for tax cuts for the wealthiest Nazarene's?
..@RandPaul..If Not Voters will blame You and the rest of Senators and House Rep. NOT #POTUS.All Of You let and Pres. Down on Health Care
Rand, bring the fight. Remind McConnell he is the majority leader please!
Rand Paul and others better start fighting because we need to get something changed here in the US or else they lose their jobs or votem out
When Trump is gone, we'll all be happy to discuss tax reform. And tax reform that doesn't LOOP HOLE the 1% into expanding their wealth!
you better make it happen
#FAIRtax please and other payment based taxes! Please eliminate #incometax
Sen. Paul it's nice to hear you will fight for something you stand in the way of everything else.
