As long as healthcare is provided by for-profit entities, they are going to strangle patients to squeeze out larger & larger profits.
#SinglePayer #NonProfitHealthcare
You already pay for others. Single? Your taxes go to education. Don't drive or commute? You still pay for roads. Society vs. the jungle.
You can avoid having most taxes deducted from your paycheck, but your legal tax obligation remains. I consider that obligation my privilege.
Fees paid to cell phone companies are used to provide phones and services to low income people, for example.
Yes, well, first let's discuss if indeed there is a need to repeal the ACA.
They're not repealing ACA. They're repealing OBABMAcare. 
Obamacare and the ACA are  same thing and they want to get rid of it JUST because it has Obama's name on it, could care less about Americans
That's why I proposed a law to repeal Obamacare."From this day forward the ACA will NOT be called Obamacare under penalty of law." See, gone
Again they are the same thing. The NAME does not matter, What Matters is the MILLIONS that will loose coverage
I know they are the same thing. It's called snark.
If repealing and replacing Obamacare. Gets you better docs in Medicaid and more services available n your area. It might b worth considering
You were part of the working group and you a no? Will you ever pass anything?
We don't want another disaster like Obamacare.  Rand is right to want it to be better-the bill. It should be a better plan
Senator I hope you make his head explode. He's a triggered man 
Wow your going to be on TV They are filling 24/7 Try to do something for the American people, instead of flaunting your vocabulary as brains
Obama is a saboteur.His interests lie elsewhere then the welfare of the United States. Obama is a traitor and a spy.
Robert C. Laity you must be talking about Trump. Trump a spy for Russia and a traitor of the UNITED STATES.
Question: With millions of enrollees why are policies issued since ACA so outrageously expensive in every way? Mthly cost & annual cost?
If this bill is so great, then Congress won't mind having it too,  instead of FREE CADILLAC HEALTH INSURANCE FOR LIFE???
Don't people in Kentucky need Medicaid?  Or do you just not care about them?
Please @realDonaldTrump @POTUS get together with Rand and others to come to a more acceptable to all solution.
Rand Paul wants what he thinks would be better the people that looked at his ideal said it wouldn't work
Yeah they need to compromise on what works for  most of us.
Cut the middle man, and save taxpayer dollars
Help us out here Mr Paul we the people need you now...no more pointless divisiveness bring the party together and unite
Please stand strong. Keep the faith.
Obamacare works why are you Republicans trying to stop it. It's because he was a black man and a good president that's why you are mad
Will you and your family give up your Posh Government Health Care? #Evil ! #Morningjoe
Hell no GOP thinks that health insurance is a needed thing FOR THEMSELVES
Do you believe all Americans deserve health care?
Deserve has nothing to do with it. Government can't do anything well how could they be expected to handle healthcare. Repeal yes. Replace no
Your response has nothing to do with my question.
Everyone deserves the ability to obtain healthcare but the government shouldn't be the supplier for all.
Hopefully you can help propose a solution which allows people to purchase universal coverage without penalizing those who don't.
You are a liberal in conservative clothing. Get on board the #GOPhealthcare!  This is the reason you were not nominated
Racist comments!
This show is a joke, go on a real show that doesn't bash conservatives!!!
YOU are  Fake News Rand Paul
Don't watch either so won't see you...all Fake News
Fake "president"
"Low cost insurance" means less comprehensive care- not a solution to problem!
Yes. It's much better to have people have no insurance bc they can't afford the mandated Cadillac policies.
Millions need policies only for catastrophic incidents, not for routine office visits like a minor infection, cold, etc. Birth control? No.
I guess sarcasm is beyond your comprehension.
I have no doubt the Republicans will repeal Obamacare.  But the present plan is unacceptable.  $880 billion from Medicaid?  People will die.
Sen Paul. Do something. Vote Yes to health care bill.  You can only obstruct so long.
senator @RandPaul also healthcarebill doesn't allow to buy across state lines make sure to increase competition
Read your idea of $1 day health insurance. Are you proposing a self insured plan? Very interesting & thought provoking. Worth exploring.
Healthcare is not a right, but governme t interference has made it affordable for only the rich and very poor. Rand is trying to change that
Followed you and Ron for years, both doctors, you've fought consistently for the same things, I STILL stand with Rand.
Keep up good work, I like Trump, I like you, good discussion. I'm retiring, no way to know how much needed/ paid in/saved for years, shafted
Sen Paul, please vote No against this GOP health care bill. It isn't good for Americans or USA.Pls sir,help constituents keep Health Care TY
Work&pay for your stuff or don't work&be stuffless.Your choice.Dems&Bernie are brainwashing.USA is $20t in debt due to you but you want more
Get it done!
And make sure all of Congress is subject to the same healthcare plan. NO exemptions this time.
Get off your high horse and meet your fellow Republicans to get this done. Do not obstruct!!! The Dems do that!!
which republican senators oppose H.R. 372. If the public doesnt know who opposses it, the public doesnt know who to pressure
Whatever you guys do, YOU MUST get this done. Americans are depending on YOU.  Health & livelihood at risk
OMG would all you butt head politicians just leave things be. If your going to make changes come live in a lower income life before hand
Cut your wages to less than 40k and then make changes that matter
Why give Morning Joe any relevance by appearing on that crap show?
Ny passing a law single payer,,your legislation has to ban payment to illegals ,this is what making us broke .
improve health care:end blank check to #BigPharma, end monopolies, increase competition, Medicare negotiate drug prices. #savebillions
Why? MSLSD is a clown show!
Please vote no on healthcare my fellow nurses need you to save our jobs and our patients thank you
Are you going to tell millions of children that they can't have health care & you will let them die because of a math problem? Shame on you.
So now you have to go on MSNBC and NBC to get coverage? Good luck getting reelected in KY with people watching MSNBC/NBC as only supporters!
Why do you still visit that toxic cesspool of democrat shills @Morning_Joe?  The liberal breeding pair who host it have no cred left.
High incomes good credit shouldn't have high deductibles or any deductibles instead pass that savings down
To bring health care down get rid of patent hoarding laws, more than 2 companies selling one drug, individual liability laws need to go
You have a bad perm!
We need real reform of the free market as it applies to medicine. Let them advertise and offer discounts and compete. That lowers prices.
Good luck in the loony bin
Nationwide NOTARY services 210-416-4922 orders@americasnotarypro.com
Not with this new bill that hurts people
GET THE BILL PASSED R PEOPLE WILL SUFFER!!
IF YOU GUYS DONT COME TOGETHER &GET THIS BILL DONE, UR ALL DONE!!COME ELECTION TIME,THE WRITING WILL B ON THE WALL.THE BILL WONT B PERFECT
After the job you and your cronies have done to block all paths 2 support it, at some point a repeal MAY become an option. #benefitblockers
Ur wasting ur time with them!
Love listening to you, Senator, but cannot stomach MJ.
At least make some steps toward it, you can always make adjustments after a trial period surely. Or only cover low income meanwhile.
Don't delay for the sake of headlines!
Rand, bad news. You've been unmasked. Legally. But so have I. Maybe we can be cell mates?
Repeal it. Allow mom and pop small business to compete in the service sector!
Psychopath
Hanging with the wrong Jo. Repeal and replace ASAP
You are just posterizing to bring attention to yourself. As usual. I don't believe you want a healthcare bill to pass. Stop your b* and sign
This is the first step for us - perhaps it can be repealed entirely after it passes - you cannot get everything you want
I don't watch unhinged Joe. I want real news, not bias crap.
Why are you bored!  They just want to play you!
Your a damn good senator.  
I sure wish the GOP could come together (how come the democrats are always unanimous) to pass healthcare or else we're stuck with Obamacare
I think you guys have gotten all the mileage you're gonna get out of the "repeal obama care" narrative. Put something on the table!!!
GOP is calling your bluff & saying you will just fall in line, focusing on moderates instead. Are you capable of standing up to your party?
Sorry but my TV dose not turn to those channels
Again..In Case You Missed it By TWITTER @ 6:26PM is useless
Do not join Democrats to defeat this bill; please.  ANYTHING is better than Obamacare & YOU KNOW IT!  Stop obstructing HOPE.
Senator R U aware that MOST of Ur constituents r watching @FoxNews? U talk 2 Soviet Era -#DemsSorosCartel_Press -they r NOT #AmericansPRESS!
Senator Paul Please get rid of the Cadillac tax. My insurance has gone up $1k a year since 2012 have to move can't afford to live in home
I absolutely agree we need real repeal of Obamacare, but you'll gain nothing but a headache discussing that with the nutjobs on Morning Joe!
To portray health care costs as any other consumer product is a distortion of the way that service is purchased.
Health Care when your need it isn't something you can shop for. You can't choose your ambulance after a car accident.
You talked about consumers being disconnected from the product, but then you cited elective services people can shop for.
You are the only reason I have not become disaffected by our gov't. Keep pushing common sense to your peers and the public!
Have you shown them and President Trump the plan you wrote ? Why not? There maybe a way to work on it with ideas from the draft they have
and that is my message to every one of you in the capital and the imposter in the house of great men.
6th district constituent. Are you for the tax cut?
DONT GIVE TILL THERE IS REAL REPEAL DO NOT BEND PLEASE SENATOR
2010 i was hit by a law breaker of the air force here in Mac dill air force base i was 40 miles form this place and still  disabled for life
I'm a victim for the accident that broke federal laws and state laws and the department of defense in the same time @BarackObama
To reiterate, U know 1 can't shop for a surgeon or care during an emergency (appendix, MVA, whatever).  So?
@morning_joe no thanks love Rand but will never watch you and all the hate vial viscousness you spew
Aren't you supposed to represent the people in your state? Or is it your own ridiculous ideals? Kentucky is #4 most poverty. #fakeAmericans
I hope you don't vote to keep Ocare 1.0. Unless you have a plan that actually can pass, vote for one that cuts all Ocare taxes and mandates.
Rand Paul: against the AHCA for all the wrong reasons
I am tired of how disunited the GOP has become. This is an historic time for the GOP to get things done for America. Pass the AHCA!
K
How many disabled and seniors would you like to cull from the population. Rand Paul, purveyor of the #finalsolution for the US. War criminal
How many children would you like to cull from the population? 20,000 enough for you? Or would you prefer more? The #finalsolution for the US
I find myself respecting you more each day... Don't agree with everything but keep up the good work. GOP need more good men & woman like you
COMPLETE REPEAL. Then congress can work on a bi-partisan replacement new law, because it won't.
If you won't compromise you will stick us with Obamacare. Please don't believe the Dems will be blamed. It will be on you.
Careful. These are emotional people. They want one thing from you! The hate GOP efforts to replace Obama Care!!  Obstructionist they LOVE!
Careful Rand!

Please stand strong in opposing this healthcare bill
Your party is racist!!!!!
You RICHwhiteBASTARDS in D.C. didn't get the message the SHOOTER was trying to get across. He spoke for majority of Americans! WEwillBEATu!
If you are going to repeal the ACA then do it with MEDICARE FOR ALL.
No. Tweak it do not repeal it
Why?
Paul says"Americans need CHEAP,CRAPPY Insurance So they die quickly and save insurance Companies A LOT of money"
Get it done!! Get SOMETHING DONE!!!
This Bill is not about your political slant. Do your job. No excuses.
Morning Joe Really?
You will fall in line like you always do. Congress is corrupt & is only concerned about the wealthy 
#wealthcare #AHCAKills #TrumpDontCare
Can our politicians quit licking the ass of the insurance companies & get in the business of looking out for those who put them in office??
Halt cuts to our disabled & seniors! That's not why we voted 4 the POTUS! Cap treatment &
 pharmaceuticals.Take care of our "legal" citizens
Thank you! Scrap bill on WHO pays for inflated #Heathcare costs &   offer one to help Drs/Hospitls reduce costs-Solve problem at the root 
Don't get stuck on Repeal.  Just give the American people healthcare that works!
What the hell is the matter with these people!! Too many lobbyist handing out money!!
Everyone eventually becomes ill & needs medical care. How will those who decide to not buy medical insurance pay for that care?
Those were some great ideas on Morning Joe. Like what you said about crooked insurance companies socializing its losses
The Senate bill repeals one of the worst Obamacare things - the employer mandate. . . No bill you make will be perfect
only full repeal will fix this monstrosity, free market will take care of it
Do you think it's ok for you to go out and go on these MSM sites a spew your disagreement with the HCB #IDont
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS take out #ObamacareCancer in it's entirety or it will metastasize/ruin healthcare beyond repair @FLOTUS
U are correct and bold
Morning Joe? Aren't they communists?
Concerning the Comey investigation, to be fair, why not appoint 1 or 2 from both parties?  Could this insure fair party investigation?
I certainly hope you shower off that liberal slime after you leave @Morning_Joe & @TODAYshow - it will leave a stain if you don't.
Sign the damn bill!  Adjust later.
We don't watch that bias media!
Keep up the good work. We have Obama commie care now we don't want Trump commie care. If the Gov is involved it's communism
Will never watch morning joe
Rand Paul much respect but please just say the bill is right or wrong and you'll help fix, ObamaCarePLUS doesn't help Trump or party
Nothing in life is free. You pay for the type of healthcare you want. I'm still paying into Medicare, & I'm retired. That's the American way
Too much Drama by Gop!
Humanity EVOLVED & so must health care!! I have 4 ASD babies. Generations of Profiters can't deny the impact pollution had on our children
remind #Trump he was sent to DC to make Govt. SMALLER not buy into fascists National hc let o-care die
Why appear with those Trump hating morons? Oh wait... I get it.
REPEAL REPEAL REPEAL...please.
Nice little soundbite randi....VOTE for the bill !
Don't let the perfect be the enemy of the good Senator Paul, pass what you can get! A little repeal is better than no repeal at all!
EVERY American should have insurance, but the RepublicaNS don't THINK so.
Repeal and replace with single payer
Just do something already 8 yrs of complaining and still can't get shit done. Same ol Congress
& dems need to realize having national health ins plan for all is a feather in their cap
We'd like to hear more on your thoughts about the 2nd amendment being used for shooting politicians. According to you, that's what it's for.
Rand I don't care if ACA repealed or fixed. It needs to get done either way. U&I may not want gov involved in ins but must accept it w b
Heard your interview about pre-existing conditions not needing to be protected because ppl will only get insurance...
Once they need it. My daughter has had the same insurance since she before she was dxed at 2 year old. Now she's an...
Adult. Do you believe she should not be covered once she's through with college and off our ins??
Democrats live/die by idealistic policy, you should learn the difference, people want good policy before great inaction
Compromise!!!!!!!
Thank you Senator for fighting to do the right thing!
You don't want gov overreaching so would you want to go back 2 slavery, B4 women could vote, BC BOTH OF THOSE WERE GOV OVERREACH? SHAME ON U
Quit acting like you won't vote for it. You turned into the biggest phony ever. Your dad should be ashamed. #golfgame #sellout #LiarinChief
Our hope 4 this bill lies in the hands of just a few Senators standing up for what is right & have only good of country as agenda. TY4STAND
