Republicans should just REPEAL failing ObamaCare now & work on a new Healthcare Plan that will start from a clean slate. Dems will join in!
How about repeal, then forget it ever happened.
Spoken like a privileged white girl who has never had to rely on the charity or support of others.
Nothing wrong with private charity. I want the gov out of it.
Shared social responsibility is a good thing
That's fine. Just let me make decisions about how I want to contribute.
So, yes on roads, no fire protection, yes fire stations, no on healthcare, yes on libraries, no on pubic water, yes on defense.  You decide?
I'd rather my family members live
Gimme a break! How did they live before?
The ACA saved my life.
No. Doctors saved your life. The ACA required people to purchase something whether they needed it or not.
I would not have had insurance if not for the ACA. I would be dead if I hadn't had it.
You didn't have insurance? So what? We have had laws for years saying hospitals cannot deny anyone healthcare. You'd have lived regardless.
Hospitals provide emergency care not things like cancer care. 
In my case I am on ACA, but pay a $350 premium a month. My deductible is almost $7000 dollars. I can' use my healthcare.
Fix the ACA. Don't kill people to make a point.
Can you say Hyperbole?
#Trump certainly can.  He is the King of Hyperbole.
Webster makes a great dictionary so you can find out what it means.
Thanks for the tip, but I'm good. I'm clear on how lies are told and where they are coming from.
Kinda like the lie saying they're trying to "kill people to make a point"?
(2) That doesn't #MAGA, that is simply trying to prove a point. It's about US, not about HIM. Everyone needs healthcare coverage. Period.
Everyone needs to be responsible for themselves
Your position is absurd and ridiculous, stop! Get back to work and find ways to improve ACA keeping the good and replacing the bad. Ppl 1st
FULL REPEAL of obamacareless now - NO REPLACEMENT - take gov out of healthcare & stop the grand scam on the middle class
Last week? Have you considered how this affects your constituency? This is not 'freedom' when people get kicked out of care for pre-existing
Your promise to repeal is like holding an ice cream cone to get votes. It's been too long and it's melted. KY no longer wants this.
Your fellow republicans need to grow some testicles and just repeal the ACA already.
Well then senator if you have all the answers step up and do something about it Do Your Job talk is cheap an actions speak volumes MAN UP!!!
@dexybailman @realDonaldTrump we gave the GOP the house the Senate and now the WH. Do as you promised and give us full repeal
Thank you Rand - America needs more of you!
AMEN!
Completely agree. 
We were better off before Obamacare.
Repeal the whole damn thing!
I know I was better off! I used to pay for my own insurance until they made it so unaffordable thanks to Ocare. No more insurance for me!
That's horrible. So many people can't afford it anymore. Paid $4800/yr before ocare with no deductible. Now pay $9200/yr with $1500 deduct.
I've been without health insurance for a year now. Thanks Obama!
This whole Healthcare mess is how you know politicians don't care about the people. If they did, they would get it done or repeal it.
They should never be allowed to exclude themselves from a law the rest of us are mandated to follow. That's how you know it sucks.
Amazing how congress is always excluded from things that they mandate for us. @realDonaldTrump needs to force them to abide by same rules.
Repeal Obamacare now! Premiums too high and I can't even use it! Id be happy with pre-2008!
Why won't they listen and do that?
Clean out all doctor- politicians from Senate and Congress ..Legislative process is polluted by libertarian #GOP fakers?
So proud of yourself! Disgusting.
Two colleagues in TN just learned they're losing their insurance company. Thanks for CONTINUING Obamacare!
Yes, as promised REPEAL and then let states decide hc. Not a federal right or obligation.  Thank you Senator Paul for taking a stand!
Please, yes!!
Repeal now!! That's it!!
There is a large population of people who finally are able to have a Dr of their own.  What is wrong with you?
And an even larger population who lost theirs....repeal. period
That's not true
The rest of gop are afraid of losing their jobs if they do this. They won't unite like the dems do around pelosi&schumer.No guts to do right
Unfortunately, Senator Paul will never vote on a new plan unless it is one he proposes.
Show us your Russian $$ties. I know Don's is bigger but yours isn't bad!!
Effective 1/1/2018
Gutting 1/6 of the U.S. economy with no immediate plan in place for what will replace it? Ideology aside, that's incredibly irresponsible.
You guys couldn't plan a wedding, even with a wedding planner in the cabinet. And you want us to trust that you'll fix what you break later?
Isn't that like quitting your job before you find a new one?
@RandPaul was elected to repeal Obamacare! Remember the 2010 election? Rand is one of the few trying to keep his word to the voters. Thanks!
So they will get rid of it. And then not be able to come up with a replacement. Yeah you're right that's gonna be awesome for our country...
We agree! Every time govt shrinks its scope, Americans win! There should be no replacement...
Charlie, so naive.
Please explain...
You assume everyone is like you!!! I doubt you have a child born with a congenital defect. I doubt you have a chronic condition. Laid off?
I don't assume that we are all the same. At some point, we all get sick and eventually die. Everyone loses a job. Govt cant help that...
No, Rand! Work together to find an acceptable fix to the ACA or new universal health plan.
Sorry not a Socialist country. I hear Venezuela may have citizenship opportunities
Or one of those other socialist countries where they have universal healthcare, like great Britain, or Canada, or literally everyone else.
I think America can do better. I fight for all Americans to have better care, especially those who don't even realize they will be harmed.
You fight for yourself, you can't put yourself in the shoes of those that it is killing. We used to have the best healthcare in the world.
Until them Dems stuffed ACA down our throats
I've got 2 diabetic friends, one the ACA extended his life, the other it's probably saved it, but sure, "stuffed it down our throats," right
Sorry for your friends troubles but doesn't change the FACT that the ACA passed on a strictly partisan vote (All Dems).
FULL REPEAL!
Absolutely ridiculous! 
Obamacare was meant to bankrupt the American insurance companies and make our market go belly up into social med
Absolutely  ridiculous!! Lies lies lies. Trump care = death panel!!!
American insurance companies are thieves!!!
I #StandWithRand #FullRepeal
Nope, people now awake to the fact that ACA works for the many so you need to focus on fixing the problems it creates for the few.
Thanks for being a man of morals.

Insanity. What would Americans do for health insurance while Congress dithers?
surely suit back and relax
Yes Tort reform include INsurance comp in anti trust laws purchase ins across state lines healthcare choice for people
People are whatbwill we do let free markets provide  states that expanded Medicaid will have to suck it up for awhile they were told not to
BRAVO @RandPaul
#FullRepeal #ObamaCareLite #DrainTheSwamp 
#MOSen #AP4Senate #MAGA #FireClaire
And just what are the poor in your very very poor state supposed to do then? Back to the ER for care?
Great way to appear to be supporting POTUS without supporting him Senator. Do you think we've been sleeping?? 
didn't you vote against this in January ? Lmao
I do enjoy when people remember politicians' inconsistencies.
Wrong again, Rand. Try doing your job and working with all senators for the healthcare reform we deserve.
It's not the fing govts job to provide healthcare ahole..
It's the govt. job to spend tax dollars how we want. Majority of Americans want to keep ACA.
Keep fighting for it, Senator!
He's one of the only ones I trust and he's not in my state.
Right. How many times did @realDonaldTrump say it was going to be better and cheaper without a single thought on a plan?
Clean Repeal!!!!!
Just when you think Republicans in Congress have crashed into reality...back down the rabbit hole.
Thank you Sen. Paul for holding your ground and standing up for what's best for the American people.
FULL REPEAL!
@DykstraDame @realDonaldTrump #BurnTheBoats #BuildBetterBoats
The stupid Reps had 8 years. Get the special int. groups out of way. Stop drug co. from dangling perks. Disgrace.
Avoided voting for the MTP. Masterful. I bet he opened a nice Scotch after sending this tweet. "Clean repeal"....
Its the only fair thing to do!  You do t run a country based on the poor!  Unless your a socialist, then all are poor!
Also, keep in mind that the middle class sector is getting crushed by this. Preexisting needs more help not less
Aren't you supposed to be smart enough to know that repealing a law takes 60 votes? Why shout for a nonsense goal? Be realistic, not stupid!
Thanks for letting the Republicans down. Now the Dems will fix Obamacare  Will you be doing the same on tax cuts?  Now we can't pass repeal!
So your grand idea after all this time is to go backwards?  No wonder Capn Cheetos cleaned your clock in the primaries. You suck.
Thank you for being the only Senator making sense!
Yeah. If people die drew em. They are probably Democrats.
Do something- this is disgraceful
Your Colleagues on the Right show their true colors on #RepealACA when they have the power knowing it won't be Vetoed #RINO scouting is on.
On Nov. 9, the "leaders" of Congress should have been working on O'FRAUD REPEAL, changes, etc.
By end of Feb., it should have been GONE!
Don't let this opportunity get tied up with politics. Republicans wake up and unite, don't block this.
We put both houses in GOP care! Thanks for nothing!
Every jot and tittle of it. No taxes, no ins co bailouts, no nuttin.
When this ALL goes to shit & we get single payer stuck down our throats, I will blame you @RandPaul & the other 3 who wouldn't compromise!
TY Senator Paul for sticking to your guns You've been right all along; the bill Mitch McConnell tried 2 pass was a disgrace Need full repeal
Do you really believe Dems will join in to find a solution to O'Care? Will only happen if O'Care stays in place and nation sees disaster
#Amen #JustDoIt
thanx for keeping your word ! and holding strong against rinos
You said: “It's a huge mistake for Reps. if they do not vote for replacement on the same day as we vote for repeal.” http://www.politico.com/story/2017/01/rand-paul-republicans-obamacare-repeal-233177 …
I don't care if you repeal or replace just fix the mess! Senate has had eight years to figure this out what's the problem just get to work!
That means over 30 million people will lose health care, premiums will rise 100% and, all the health care protections we gained will be lost
Clearly Rand Paul is not a "team" player.   Your no vote is a vote for the Democrats.   You are a traitor to the party.
Team politics yeah
Yes. Just repeal forget replace its stupid.
DO IT!!!
Hope you are correct
That's right! As promised Mr. President!
Your grandstanding is selfish and self centered.  The world does not revolve around you.
@RandPaul Are you ever going to help at all or are you going to spend your time impeding POTUS & screwg the American public?
We can't figure out how to screw 22 million people over so let's just screw then all over! Makes sense to me
Rand get this done!  Can you get the votes? Show Americans that the senate Republicans will come together under the right vote. Full #Repeal
I agree 100% I want nothing run by government!
Better to make something that is truly efficient than take something designed to be crippling and try to make it work.
I fully agree with the full clean repeal of Obamacare. I do not support replacing it with another govt run program. Let free markets work.
@marcorubio Mr. President Trump, You promised to #DrainTheSwamp . This Bozos need to go. #MAGA 8 years and still nothing. 2018 can't wait !
Yes REPEAL! ENOUGH has gone on 8 yrs. Get it together .
Letting Obamacare fail will hurt Americans! Complete repeal, or vote out Congress. Thank you @RandPaul 4 standing up 4 #USA
You're a Senator, formulate a bill, shouldn't be hard, get a few backers, shouldn't be hard, and submit it!  Or is that all too hard for you
Big Pharma, Ins. Companies, elitists, wealthy win again!
The Dems WILL JOIN IN.  If obstructionism is the plan, make it to defend NOTHING.  Take "Obama" out of the equation!
I support you Senator on this . It's risky politically but is best path for America. Don't put anything in place except free markets for now
Get rid of it all and start over.  No one was denied care before.  Do what we asked while republicans are in charge!
How about getting just one thing done. My health insurance is more than my mortgage. Not counting out of pocket.
Gi t 'er done!
#MAGA ma
#ProudAmerican
BEST   newscast channel on#direct tv.... 347 !!! Try it
Agreed, you can't replace shit with shit, no brainer.
Easy to Grandstand when you know it wont pass.....but Hey, it's not like you politicians have to live with the effects of this law.......
#RepealGOP @SenateGOP #2018MidTerms
Senator, what was your input into the repeal-replace agenda that kept GOP in power?
Thanks for delivering single payer to the US Senator.  Sometimes, you need to compromise.  U have helped pave the way to socialism...sad.
You do realize that the Senate, partly thanks to you, just demonstrated their dysfunction. Our choice now is replacing you in 2018. A must!
Senator- go home to your constituents, hold a town hall and explain it all to them.
No.
By not crafting a replace bill now, you are playing into Dems' hands. More $$ will be thrown at moderates to buy their votes.
Nope you both lose bigly, Sad!
What's the difference between REPEAL and letting it FAIL?
Not enough to do that either! @GOP sucks at governing! Disgusting @GOP and all the so called republicans that should switch over to demoRATS
Just remember November will be here before you know it...
Kill BarryCare. Kill it NOW!!!
You should be ashamed!!!!!!!!
No...Dems are looking to win next election and take over control, will watch Rep. destroy themselves. Don't look for cooperation from them.
Especially you Rand. Make a deal. Get on budget,taxes, and come back to this for more changes. BUT MAKE A DEAL!
Please, my terrible insurance costs 1200 a month. Doesn't cover any diagnostic or hospitalized care. Replace in sections.

Sorry 22 million people you don't get healthcare that will help you.  Too bad
Will any reason ever be given for why the plan @RandPaul wrote isn't being considered? Last I heard, a few tweaks and problem solved.
@HeyTrudi @realDonaldTrump You need to get the repeal only bill passes u got what u wanted now fix it
for sure. Full repeal. Finally!  No new go to health care. Govt sucks
Will you allow debate on the #HouseBill then? Cannot leave this undone without debate in senate..unacceptable. R's like me w sit out '18.
Repeal. Then,one law at a time, pass something better. How do you eat an elephant? One bite at a time. First law: repeal Certificate of Need
What's wrong with y'all? You've had 7 yrs to get this right! Just do it!
Repeal it we don't need a replacement open it up the private Market Medicaid to the states! Obamacare is on its deathbed!
Give healthcare back to states. ONLY FEDERAL LAW: Buy ins. across state lines.Competition is what made USA great!
Clean repeal or all you guys will be out #DrainTheSwamp
i know u dont believe healthcare is a right, but blowing up ACA leaves people vulnerable. NO confidence that a GOOD replacement will exist.
Just do it. Please!!
How will this affect people in the meantime? Will they be kicked off insurance?
Then let's see u in front of the mikes pushing this as much as u slammed the bill put forth.  Are u capable of leading this push, Senator?
I have a solution to keep the "uninsurable" insured...if you are willing to listen, Rand. You'll look like a genius proposing it!
With all respect, lease support our President.
Well until u guys do something!  Who is going to send me the check for my meds? It's $708 MAKE THE CHECK TO CVS, a even $700 is fine?????
I  am so done with a bunch of GOOFS who EVERYTIME do absolutely nothing.  All they do is talk & waste our money. 1/2 of my paycheck is taxes
exactly right! 7 years Republicans have had to fix this and yet here we are. #repealobamacare
And what do millions who will have no insurance do in the meantime?  Of course you are insured so you don't care.
If the Pubs don't want to be labeled FlipFlops they had better at least repeal.  They voted to repeal several times and ran on repeal.
Paul you are the problem I hope you get bounced from the senate next election
Could have saved some time but glad it went this way! Thanks Rand!
I can't decide if they are obsessed with screwing over the poor or they just don't think that the poor exist
#FullRepeal
[3] LOSERS @SenateGOP (males) @POTUS @VP @SenMMcConnell #CORRUPTION #A$$HOLES #LIARS #SHYSTERS
Yea for Real, where did you guys get your education, you've had years to replace Obamacare with a Good Health -Care Plan, All Talk No Action
Hang tough Senator. You're one of the few in DC fighting for us.
Please don't! Just one citizen's opinion.
@SenMajLdr get it done now or step aside to let someone lead who will get it done. #repealfirst
Do something!!  Congress is completely ineffective.
Ur not going to have the votes u fool. Way to help Trump. U weak republicans are a joke, u make me sad. U guys promised so much. Dam liers
Senator, I appreciate your consistency but #SinglePayer is what the majority of Americans want. We can afford it. Thank you for representing
Repeal without a replacement is like trying to pay for a car with a negative balance.
Yes!!
Let it fail on it's own,it's the only way to fully get rid of it.
Step One: Repeal Obamacare. Step Two: Blame it on the Democrats. Step Three: Who cares?
Keep fighting senator Paul and thank you for staying true to your word.
I think it better to clean out the Senate of all you obstructionists.
That imperfect plan that makes heathcare extremely expensive for me that i can no longer use it?
You have failed by voting no! You will be replaced enjoy the rest of your term it will be your last
Not unless YOU go on your proposed plan too! It is HORRIFIC for all but the rich. Shame on you!
The swamp is deep. The money is real. Corrupt Congressmen will never repeal what fills their wallets
And then full stop.
I do not think Dems will stop obstructing, but agree, clean slate good.... optics better
@realDonaldTrump should sign exec order forcing whatever bill Congress passes on H/C - cannot exempt themselves from it!!!
We'll make it happen Paul. You don't understand even if replace is not perfect you repubs must stick together. Dems do no matter what Learn
u Senate members should now be worried about being REPLACED yourselves w/new Senate republicans that WILL get the job done for ALL people!

You guys are so DOA in 2018 & 2020. Keep up the suicide.
Rand, you deserve this failure! You & trump need to resign now. America has no use for your devotion to getting your share of $billion. Bye
In what universe is it not the best plan to just let R's own healthcare. Use it as ammo for the midterms. No d will ever vote for an r bill
Straight repeal is best. Taxpayers don't want to be gouged to pay someone else's ins or Medicaid. Simplify! #maga
Wrong.
Help! We make $70k, premium and deducts are $32k!!!
Well rand Paul you must be apply the health bill failed you and your colleagues are useless a bunch of selfish people
Happy
I was an attendee of the Siege of Sarajevo... on the inside. Odd the stuff people do to each other. Given the proper support system.
The Neocons are nothing but Obstructionist themselves it seems...Whoever is standing in the way needs to go!
Model health ins on nonprofit health sharing:
Didn't Trump also want that from the beginning? Congress has wasted months on trying to fix the unfixable.
There will never be a clean repeal.  Purists let the opportunity pass to dial it back.  Dems won.
If all these ppl want Obamacare, let them keep it. When it implodes & no insurance companies or Doctors who take it? Go on to Tax Reform
Or just put us under plan Congress has, problem solved.
just repeal make accessible to all allow private citizens to pool for group policies, everyone could get ins
Get er done then
It makes me sick t/way U politicians always hav 2 take credit 4 whatever subject U speak about, U don’t fool me, I’m watching & U R not IT.
Absolutely!  Start over and give the people who put you in office TRUE AFFORDABLE healthcare!
You have never missed a meal or lost everything over having cancer?@randPaul for a moment you were human not  insurance money grubber.
