If that is the plan, I will vote to proceed to have this vote. I also now believe we will be able to defeat the new spending and bailouts.
I've been told by leadership their bill would now need 60 votes to pass, votes they do not have. Therefore I believe it will fail.
If we cannot pass full, clean 2015 repeal, I've also been told we will vote on whatever version of CLEAN repeal we can pass.
Repealing mandates & taxes, without new spending and bailouts. This is the path I've been urging, and what I discussed with @realDonaldTrump
If this is indeed the plan, I will vote to proceed and I will vote for any all measures that are clean repeal.
So repeal and delay is your stance now?  Good to know you screwed Kentuckians for right-wing fame.
You vote for this, not giving one damn about the people that have benefited from ACA, you have no heart and shouldn't be serving as Senator.
Yes, well millions have been hurt from obamacare.
Where's your compassion for them?  For me?
You're very selective in your compassion.
Voters who are sick and getting worse may not be able to vote but bet your butt the rest will vote you out to pasture.
Yeah, I'm pretty sure you leftists failed to do so last time and you will again. The American people are not your personal caregivers
Rand Paul may be pissed you called him a leftist.    lol
Great. You'll be voting to deny 30+ million people, children and the elderly of healthcare. You must be so proud.
30 million people will be uninsured when Obamacare implodes on itself. Are you not aware of whats happening in the real world now?
Why can't we just have a #freemarket?  Capitalism works!  Compete, brings down prices, brings better service. Get Govt OUT OF HEALTHCARE!
Isn't that what we had before ACA?  When all the ERs were filled with uninsured ppl?  How was that working,  u could ignore the poor?
No.
Yay! Insurance companies denying coverage for preexisting conditions for everyone! Just like the good old days!
Create a pool or association at the state level for preexisting conditions. They state run high risk pools for car insurance, why not health
Glad to hear it. Those on medicaid will still have healthcare, but we've got to start over and create something better.
Fight the good fight Senator, the country supports you and knows what's right.. even if its hard to ignore the pain of repeal at first.
Finally
I like your ideas Rand Paul!
Hope u get that cancerous Obamacare Repealed soon! I just got News today BCBS will have to drop out of Ok we will be left with no Ins. Co.
Nothing "clean" about a repeal. It will be a mess with millions uninsured and an economy thrown into chaos.
before Bill Clinton tried this socialism and failed we had the FREE MARKET, and the economy was not in chaos because of it.
I pray for success in a full repeal
Pray to Jesus for millions to lose healthcare. High five!!
How's that $5000+ deductible working out for you?

You are the only sentor that sticks to there guns like your dad as ypu do, might not agree with everthing you do but at least you true
repeal it
You all need to start thinking about the American public instead of your hatred of anything Obama
About damn time!
As a mom of a kid with a pre-existing heart condition, I urge you NOT to repeal the ACA until there's a good plan to replace it.
Repealing Obamacare wouldn't affect this child negatively. 
Assistance is there. 
Gov forced healthcare insurance a no-go in a free society.
That's bullsh*t Marc and you know it. I have a pre existing condition I was uninsurable before ACA. Now Rand wants to deny me healthcare
Aww Marc blocked me did I hurt his feelings  I should've been more PC with Marc, such a snowflake! Lol 
#JustRepeal
#NoMandatedParticipation
#LetMyPeopleGo
#KeepYourPromise
#YourPromiseGotYouElected
#ReleaseUsFromMandate
Thank you. I questioned your sincerity on passing a clean repeal. Please get this done.
Just put the same bill Obama vetoed on Trump's desk. Then move to fixing infrastructure and the wall. You can do it!!!
If you believe this you have been mislead
The only great health care plan is the one you have, are you planning on giving us that one?
Washington needs to take notice that the taxpayers of this country
 need their pension system bailed out we worked hard
Gut healthcare for @GOP
Thank you, Senator Paul for protecting the people.  #IStandwithRand
We bailed out the banks. 128 trillion in 2008, however, why can't we bail out the the hard working taxpayers pension
About time!!
Ah, so you've been bought off too? Thanks for the heads up.
YAY!
REPEAL IT!  It was the biggest act of political sabotage ever devised by a political party in US History with all of its purposefully
devised implementation provisions.
Don't do this! I used to kinda have a little respect for you. Do not go against all you've said prior.Please,Vote NO
Thank heavens!!
If 60 votes are required then it is just a facade
We will remember and you will be voted out next election
That is SO good. A clean Repeal of Obamacare is what is needed. Trust the FREE MARKET to do the Replace.
It's a problem when so many people who have now experience with healthcare whine about it. Everyone needs to be accountable for their health
Please repubs do as promised YOU ALL PONTIFICATED & BLAMED OBAMA looks like you LIED & ARE LYING NOW!!!
#fullrepeal

Yes!! Repeal do not replace!!
I hope you guys do it. Repeal don't replace.
Paul just go away!
And should this happen American people will not forget & each will see the result in 2018
Just vote
and if you guys can bail out wall street you can bail out our pension system. We make this Country strong
Rejected beeotch
Can't wait to lose my health insurance 
Vote no to healthcare bill today! Most Americans want to keep and fix Obamacare! Thank you! Don't let Trump and McConnell bully you!
Another coward riding the Trump train..
This is actually one guy sticking to his convictions, agree with him or not. Pay attention
He is a YES man!
Ignorance is bliss
Yes you are ignorant!
That's a start.
Vote to repeal!
Tell em America said GET R DONE 
Get the government out of Healthcare business. Privatize
This might the first thing @SenateMajLdr has donr that I agree with concerning Ocare repeal...
Good job Rand! Hold firm.
Stop pussy footing around and get it done!
So all this static to vote to vote 
Imagine having a baseball sized tumor removed just 1 yr after losing your esophagus to cancer. ACA is saving lives. Change course now!
You're a coward and you're being played.
The thing you want will go down in flames. You'll wind up voting for something you hate, that's deadly to your voters, & exposes your lies.
In a house of frauds and pretenders and liars, it takes someone special to claim the crown of king charlatan. but you never disappoint.
Thank you Senator Paul.
#GREATNEWS. I'd rather repeal w/o a replacement cuz #GOP worthlessly screwed that up already. Taking mandate milestone off #WTP's backs =
Agreed. I shouldn't be taking home 70 cents for every dollar I make. This, then tax reform oughta help our wallets.
Yes let's get on board with the voters agenda this is our President and he speaks for all of us middle class workers! MAGA
Hey , rand Paul,  start being a team player . We want repeal & replace
thank you rand paul for sticking to what you promised. keep up the great work 
Now help him push this bill
Why don't you voluntarily give up your own "entitlements" that you receive as public servant? Hypocrite
@RandPaul has stated several times that he and his family was forced onto Ocare.
As a Rep voter I pray the Senate can prove to us today that they can keep their promises & do the job WE elected them to do.
Promises that kill people are stupid promises.
Using Jesus for ur doom & gloom Dem talking point?  Why am I not surprised. Giving govrnmt full control of r health wont make us live longer
Just for the record Japan has longer life expectancy
Okay. Interesting fact. But what does that have to do with the Dems threat of imminent death if we repeal Obamacare?
Not what you and your fellow senators promised.
TG!
Your sir are BS & will cause a lot of pain and suffering People don't want Ocare if it is so great then U all should have to use it
Murderer. Greedy.
Yes good start
Have you looked at the numbers from your state, sir? 500K newly insured under ACA. That’s more than 10% of KY. You serve those people.
Both are Bad for #Kentucky These Idiots Keep electing them in office, I guess #Ky likes #Crooks in office to represent them @TheDemocrats :(
Repeal today

Senator Paul thank you for fighting for this repeal. God bless you. Praying for everyone in our Govt.
He is lying to you to get your vote. Check with the moderates, see if he’s told them something different.
About damn time.
Will it get enough votes to pass?
Please, I beg of you to not repeal the ACA. My daughter had a brain tumor & has 2nd Stage Progressive MS. Her meds= $7K a month. Keep ACA!
And you believe him?
Praise God! I hope you weren't lied to.
Ok, well you've just proved you have no soul and don't mind everyone knowing that. At least there's transparency in your heartlessness.
Don't listen to the paid trolls here. Your doing a great job, please repeal Obamacare, we don't want single payer in America. Charlie Gard
I am sure they will betray their promise #FullRepealNotBetrayal 
I don't want any gov involvement in healthcare. It's hard enough dealing with free market medical people. Imagine going to the DMV for care.
What a fine fellow you are, NOT
Awesome. Good luck Senator.
Give 'em hell!
At least we'll more clearly define which bums to throw out.
Your determination to take healthcare away from millions is inspiring to dead-eyed sociopaths everywhere.
how come the vote ISN'T on cable today hiding it maybe friggin crooks
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @washingtonpost

Don't stop! Thank you!
Repeal ACA and return to free market health insurance. GET GOVERNMENT OUT OF HEALTH CARE

Supporting con man that DISGRACED YOUR WIFE & FATHER.U HAVE NO SPINE.SHAME ON U COMPLAINING ABT TRUMP WHILE STEADY SUPPORTING HIM SHAME ON U
This isn't what the people want which means you are party over people & need to go. Remember your job is working for us & we can fire you
Lets hope so!
keep up the fight @RandPaul we love you
A vote no will have major repercussions at the ballot box next election.
Wuh oh
Good.  Repeal that awful piece of legislation.  Please.
thank you Sen. Rand Paul
#Repeal Repeal Repeal that's all! @SenMikeLee @SenMajLdr @realDonaldTrump @senorrinhatch
Repealing with nothing to take its place not the way to do business and you know it. Start working with democrats and get something wealthy.
Which still takes away healthcare from millions of people. Does that make you feel like big boy?
Do it
Disgusting.  All of you.  If this is your idea of progress, you are the problem.
@OptimismWinsEnd yes clean repeal . It's what has to happen . Give health care back to the people back to states HC was good b4 OC
Obamacare started wanting to know more about you..Medical Records are slooooow &turned physicians into clerks&able to see far less patients.
Repeal.
That's if the RINO's like Murkowski, McCain, etc don't flake on it. The people need to vote on alternative republican candidates to replace
#standwithrand Rand stick to your promise, do not listen to the liberals acting like they are surprised that you would want to repeal ACA
could PRESIDENT PENCE help UNITED States?
Pass a one paragraph full repeal bill. One was created recently but not allowed for vote or discussion. Bring it back. Get repeal done!
Rand Paul is @GOP Doctor, Vicious Cruel and GREEDY. Trumpcare REPUBLICANS KILL MILLIONS TO STEAL BILLIONS @SenJohnKennedy @SenJohnBarrasso
Insulin has gone up in price 3000% in last 25 years, while price of manufacture has gone down. CEO Pay UP 1000X, GOP are Merchants of DEATH
Do anything to stop this wrecked train! Worry about fixing later.
Repeal! But then address the real issues! Tort reform, mandatory disclosure of prices, sell insurance across state lines
Do your jobs !!!!!   Or !!!!
I'd like this a hundred times if I could.
@SenRandPauI what address can I, a Registered Nurse w/pre existing conditions & a job use 2send U my medical bills w/this "clean repeal"?
Thanks God for you
Because of you, I will no longer trust anyone who claims to be Libertarian. You are only in it for yourself. It's your damn creed.
The ACA has problems yes, they need to be FIXED!  You cannot just take away healthcare to MILLIONS of your FELLOW HUMANS.  FIX IT.
#45 = AmericanANGST @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski @SenCapito @SenJohnMcCain @senrobportman  @cnn @SenDeanHeller @nytimes @weareoversight
I'd like to see the PORK FAT that's included in this bill.
Keep fighting. You are appreciated.
Plesse protect the healthcare of the poor, sick and elderly of our great state of Kentucky
Are you sure he's saying the same to others?

Wow so a full what 4 hours to go over what is in the bill that will touch 1/6th if the economy.  How irresponsible.
#45 = AmericanANGST @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski @SenCapito @SenJohnMcCain @senrobportman  @cnn @SenDeanHeller @nytimes @weareoversight
Fantastic! Repeal it!
Good to know that although you can't function as a group, you will still take HC away from millions with zero plan to replace it. #shameful
#CleanRepeal nothing more nothing less it's what we were promised. @realDonaldTrump @LouDobbs
Great work Senator. A clean repeal has always been the solution.
Would be nice to afford coverage.
Does that mean repeal and replace? Sometimes it's appreciated when people make language and words clear instead of convoluted.
Get this passed and let free market take over
I want YOU to #MAGA and that means listen to @POTUS . He wants this to pass now. Get it? Think of me not you right now.
That's to get your vote for MTP. You gladly take the bait.
Schumer takes floor 2 talk healthcare , does so for less then minute followed up with Prez bashing for 4min.
Dems will lose big 2018-2020+
It has to be
Comb your hair and pass healthcare and tax bill and get behind our President like we voted you in to do. Remember, we can always vote U out!
How you can say you are a physician and be working to repeal a law then has helped millions  some of who I treat daily is shameful.
The middle class taxpayers not the wall street bankers and we deserve
our pensions to be there when we retire.
Repeal 0care, @gop, @SenCoryGardner !!  Then slash corporate taxes!!
Let's hope so Rand!
Shame on you, Senator. Shame on you.
TY Senator Paul for being proactive on this extremely overdue vote.  All senators do not forget this is about US, not you, not lobbyists.
"Plan"
You are a coward and a traitor to the people. #shame
You and the repblcn congress is still wrong, you do everything backwards. I hate tweets and prefer email for detail clarity.
The people who die from lack of healthcare from your vote will haunt your dreams. U will see their faces & hear their silent screams.

Vote yes!
YES!
In other words it's shit or get off the pot...
Get it done! Please and Thank You...
Socialized med doesnt work ACA, was bringing our country that way.  No need to replace Cons values support HSA & othr rspnsble concepts
keep fighting for clean repeal..but no replace... just let market forces work. it will get fixed if insurance can compete across st lines.
#Woooo #MAGA I am so excited hearing this!!
Terrible humans you all are.
@tempteststorm2 Do something besides Rep hiding with all their freebies
Maybe today is the day of a miracle in the US Senate!
REPEAL THE DAMN BILL
We don't want any more discussions, debts, grandstanding, interviews, press conferences, recesses, delays.  we the people want ACTION, now!
correction: (debates) ACTION NOW!
