It's time ! Decades of CORRUPT PUBLIC SERVANTS ! PROSECUTE , CONVICT , SEIZE ASSETS & SEND YOU CROOKS TO PRISON
I don't disagree but the reality is that option we already tried. it led to the unwinding of the hard work and sacrifice of those before us
If you are referring to Iraq--the Iraq government did not want us to stay besides we should have never invade Iraq to begin with.
Shoulda coulda woulda! We need to concern ourselves about today when it comes to the middle east.
Leaving Afgani will make it more difficult to fight bibi's war against Iran for him
Russia didn't win in Afghanistan. How do we? They're brutal. We follow Geneva Convention. 
We're not the police of the world.
True-we also couldn't "win" with 160,000 NATO troops (most of them U.S. ) How can we "win" with 15,000? #AfghanStrategy
But if US doesn’t stay in Afghanistan, the Australian government will have nowhere to big-note its contribution of 12 soldiers & 1 plane.

It is also way past time for Congress to do its job and help the USA.
We can't bring them home we have to keep the war machine going.
Stop killing people everywhere! Period! Stop invading foreign country's, see what happens? Enough bullshit lies!
Let's finish the job first! I realize you want to get richer by going back again later! We see thru your scam! Sit down and shut up.
We need a new independent investigation in2 9/11! The people deserve the truth in why the gov got us into these endless wars! Gov is corrupt
Coming from a white supremacist leaves me cold.
I agree... because no matter what, victory or not, when you leave, the taliban or rebel rabble will come back and take over at the end.
DAMN RIGHT! THIS NATIONS BUILDING BS HAS TO END! BRING HOME TROOPS NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
16 years later! FFS we beat Hitler in 6 years!!! USA cannot win militarily in Afghanistan
America did have the rest of the allies, not to mention the overwhelming military force of the USSR helping there.
I agree totally with You @RandPaul ♰
Forzanapoli
Forza Juve 
The Middle East is a swamp.
Protect the homeland, but leave the Middle East.
If they affect the homeland use remote targeted defense.
The Afghan leadership are tapping the usa wallet.

Get out and raize the poppy fields as you go.
Hell yes bring the troops home
Thanks @RandPaul
Senator Paul, we need to win. You need to back the president 100%.
And what do you propose when another ISIS erupts there?  We learned our lesson once in Iraq. Why let it happen again.
Trump's getting bad advice from ppl he needs to fire
Bring Americans home! Sadly, Afghans seem to always be at war. I feel greatly for citizens living in war but America will never change it
No. Time to finish the job right!
When we abandoned #Afganistan in late 80s "we" created training ground for #AlQaeda. Learn don't repeat. @POTUS mission: kill #terrorists.
You dont know or understand anything about terrorism! Read about India under British rule! DT will fertilize a new generation terrorists ww!
Big difference. Brits & Russians wanted to colonize, occupy or annex. Entire Afghan population resisted. Our new mission: kill #terrorists.
U got that all wrong, its about occupation! Do you really think the US will leave Kandahar airport? Let go of Iraqi oil?
At the end of the day targeted focal remote defense against rebel leaders will be the way to go.
Get out of Afghanistan, learn from history.
Wish we could, just not what America stands for - Quitting.
The vacuum this would leave is the problem, leaving allies unsupported weakens American credibility worldwide
Time to stop voting you in office!

Dump Corrupt Trump Paul Ryan McConnell Kushner Devoss Sessions Pence all GOP Reps voting ACA repeal
Let's finish what we started first
Agree! But the Swamp(GOP RINO, DEM, MEDIA) crippled & engaged in coup d'état to oust Bannon,Flynn all wanted out Fo Afghanistan!
Yeah yeah flip flop just like trump baby
Gee,Rand Paul, the gutless senator of America.
Bring the troops back today. Not one day more!
I agree, it's past time so now that we've made commitments, let us keep them but do so with full force
There is CLEAN UP to do in Afghanistan; deal with the corrupt 'poppy' growers that will not like losing the protection of their crops #Truth
SIXTEEN YEARS and now you stand against @POTUS without giving him a chance to end it???   YOU KNOW it is not a matter of just pulling out
Not till they win unchain them so they can do there job
Not surprised as to where you stand. Praying this doesn't become a 20+ year war. Keep fighting for us, Sen. Rand.
Bringing back the DRAFT with no way out is the only way to end our wars.   It's time for rich kids to have some bloodied skin in the game
Great Article by Afghanistan Vet Calling Further Engagement there Madness

http://www.nydailynews.com/amp/opinion/afghanistan-repetition-form-national-madness-article-1.3432135 …

And let us do what we were trained to do. RELEASE THE HOUNDS!!!!!!!
This war coulda been over years ago if you politicians would have kept your mouths shut,
Who will keep an eye on the opium supply?
Oh the Deep State would hate to lose those poppy fields!!!
When a foreign military occupies another sovereign nation contempt & hatred is bred, planting the seed for future generations of terrorists.
I agree! Winning the war in #Afganistan is no longer realistic! Staying benefits the establishment not the American people.
With all due respect we saw what happened when the last POTUS tried to bring all the troops back home.  Why try it again?
Trump lies, lies to you. Gonna get that? Ever?
It's because of politicians that we are still there Senator, we have not won a war since WW2, because of political interference.
Shouldn't have withdrawn from the region so drastically to begin with. Makes terrorists operations so much easier.
Has anyone else noticed the dramatic rise in terrorism and the many organizations spun off since withdrawing from the region? Leave them.
Stick with healthcare and tax reform. Let the military take care of that.
I agree with you senator.  No one has ever defined what a winning strategy is for USA  2k Americans killed and why?
Mark One, Mod Zero Dodo plank of BigL. Wont fly, cant fly, went extinct years ago, Senator. @VictoriaTaft
How long you been in office?
Full of crap. Good thing your not president.
OPINION; Back the president and succeed, continue to fight the president and fail. Feckless @GOP had better choose or Schumer is your leader
Rand Paul go home with your daddy!
If we would have listened to his Daddy we would never have invaded Iraq--lost thousands of lives and over a Trillion $
you just don't get it do you?
I agree with a lot of your ideas Mr. Paul.Leaving will create another 'Iraq-Isis' situation.A defined mission.With goals met,is what we need
or have another vote on declaration of war
Afghanistan - let's FINALLY set out to win. If it doesn't work out like we thought, have a viable exit strategy.
What would be your strategy to deal with the vacuum that would create?
#StandWithRand
Amen
I can't believe people voted for you. They must be delusional just like you
President had great speech, he knows what he is doing, Congress don't know what they are doing!
Let's win, bring em home & insure terrorist don't fill the void when we leave. Pulling out without clear mission after is mistake
This is tough and both sides are valid. At end of day, I worry about creating a haven for terrorists!
If you were no better doctor than you are senator you need to resign, back the pres.
we the people see you and republicans had seven yrs for healthcare so that speaks for itself.
@realDonaldTrump @SenJohnKennedy @SenatorCassidy @SteveScalise 
Yes. Blackstone can handle Afghan army training. Put US Army on US border.
After reading ur other reply s, it is clear that most have been drinking lots of kool aid!
You are lost when it comes to foeign policy
So DT found his Vietnam! More wars, blood, anti-US sentiments, more terrorists and less security for US&Europe and its allies worldwide
Disagree. The other perspective, need to suppress and eradicate evil spores is more compelling.
Why do we Always get involved in these Wars that kill & wound our men & women ? What do they accomplish?
Everything in the speech and strategy screams nation building. Folks shouldn't let him get away with saying "we aren't nation building."
We cannot simply occupy Afghanistan indefinitely. "Killing terrorists" sounds great but it isn't a strategy.
Trump-Tillerson offering path for peace with Taliban, not more war:
Secretary Tillerson: We stand ready to support peace talks between Afghan government and the Taliban. https://go.usa.gov/xRwuP  #Afghanistan
Your question as Senator should be asking why we still have thousand of troops in Germany, Italy and France..and why are we paying for it!
I have to disagree.  If the military has presented a way out, which you are not privy to, then this may in fact provide a way to end it ...
We didn't "end it" with 160,000 troops so now 12,000 will be the magic number? This is a foolish waste of lives and money
It seems the Deep State and M.I.C. has finally got to the president.  Very sad and how much more money and lives do we need to waste? Smh
I see you have learned nothing from history.
Too many terrorists to just pull out. That's what Obama did in Iraq and it gave us ISIS.
You are absolutely right to bring our troops hone for sure
Sadly mr paul we have to fi ish the job we cant repeat iraq for a new enemy to emerge. We kill the terrorsits and when stable we leave
Bring them home....no way to win in Afghanistan..ask the Soviets
I agree whole heartedly
I agree they would be a nice choice , but looked what happened in Iraq
And again we learn the consequences of bad initial decisions, made with a large component of emotion and political bias!
Strange that the old wisdom applies -- "Act in haste, repent at leisure!"
Sorry, no. NO
Sure do the same thing Oshithead did in Iraq. Stop obstructing...
Nice please honor your Father by bringing the apple closer to the tree.
Agree 100 percent. US out of foreign entanglements.
Replace Obama care tax reform deport all illegal aliens then you may be worth listening to
16 years. It's time to win. Then bring our troops home.
There is no "winning" there.  The culture is vastly different. An outsider cannot impose an order that is not compatible with its culture.
Yeh, I have to partly agree with you.
#Primary @POTUS!
Your version is another ISIS state in Afghanistan
Senator, I think that will happen just not in a way that leaves a vacuum.
and let more come here? r u nuts?
It's time for you to go home and stay there.
Why Afghanistan 2 begin with? Poppy's = heroin? = $$$$$$.
Yea sure Senator, just like Obama. Create a vacuum for terrorists.
Oh Rand as Lindsey said you are a worst general than Obama. Give it up.
Lindsey sucks and won't be returning to office. Just sayin'
Probably right but liked what he had to say last night
For a fiscal conserv poli, you sure are quiet about Trump's overspending of Secret Service budget. Making them pay to use HIS golf carts?
You saying something now, where were during the last 8 yrs, of do nothing causing troops to die because of ROE. get a backbone
I disagree. The troops are already there and engaged.
Terrible idea not unlike most of your crap. How do you know better than our generals ? Start trusting people who know what's going on...
Generals 2make war. Peace time doesnt create any war heroes - a new Vietnam ordered by DT, a classical move from a leader in deep trouble
After 8 years of a certifiable clown running the show, DT was right on...Rand fits in with the former...
Good luck to a new Vietnam, lotsa ppl in Pakistan and India that Kelly&his goons decided to drag into the conflict ...
Trump's generals are kicking ass in the Middle East! They will bring that same wisdom to the Afghan fight!
Rand again has no plan whatsoever, just a bunch of stupid declarations. Give us a plan or be quiet.
Name one leader or country that has been pulled into a way in Afghanistan and won!
Poor leadership for the last 16 years is gone, except McCain! Drain the GOP swamp! Perhaps lunch with Trump will help you understand.
Well tell your boy Trump. Another 4k? He says we wont help rebuild nations and 3mins later saying we will rebuild Afghan?
When the time is right.
I used to listen to you. Not anymore. You too have become an obstructionist instead of a unifier. You could truly help but instead hinder 
A "unifier" for wasting more lives and money?  How should we pay for this? Raise Taxes or borrow more from China?
Totally agree Senator Paul. If we couldn't get it done in Afghan in 16 years, it'll never happen. Trump twisted by neo-cons like McMaster.
With Rubio, Graham, and McCain approving of this decision, something's not right.
Your opinion ought to be kept to yourself in this case all this does is fuel the press and generally divide the Party support for POTUS 
This mission is conceptually different...
Sorry, I'm with Lindsey Graham and potus, now that we have a commander in chief
@RandPaul Like your politics, but you are wrong on this. You go to war, you go to win. Planting the seed of peace is like raising a child.
After we get rid of the crap there, there's no planting anything with the terrorist , the only understand fire.
I agree we should be done there, it should have been done previously to now. Now we need to finish it like it should have been. stabilizing
The govt there, increase their pwr, to ensure terrorists can not regain a foothold as in the past. Let's finish w/decisive results..
Sure, it's time, it's way past time, should never have happed to begin with.  So?
Practically, this would be the ideal,however,as a strategy, it would send so many messages-one being failure,and the resulting ramifications
No good options. All bad. sometimes it is more constructive to think in the alternative. we know how that approach turned out General Obama.
It was unwise of Obama to have reduced the troop levels after decided gains...It is like starting all over again?
if you dont fight it there you will eventually fight it here
I absolutely disagree on your comments regarding Afghanistan and once again your stance against the president. Your becoming
A free rouge
Let Afghanistan burn. All the lives in that country are not worth 1 U.S. soldier.
16 years FAILED LEADERSHIP NOW WE HAVE A REAL LEADER NOW WE WILL WIN NO MORE NATION BUILDING I AM NATIVE AMERICAN & support POTUS &MILITARY
We're supposed to learn from our mistakes, not repeat them.  What happened when we pulled out of Iraq too early?  (Hint: JV Team)
Point is rebuilding those countries is not our responsibility. The only true way is to completely dominate set up our own govt and rule them
Once we've done that, whom then is the bad guy?
I'd like to know that myself. He is very vague when defining "success." We should know the criteria. This shouldn't be a never-ending "war."
I fully agree. We have no idea what "success" looks like in Afghanistan, Iraq, Syria, or any other middle Eastern country we're involved in.
Pull the funding. Take them to court on Constitutional grounds. For the love of God, DO SOMETHING!
You continue to be so far right that you hurt America. Leave mess that breeds more terrorists to come after us. Left wants open immigration
Either plan to win with overwhelming force or bring everyone home.
Time to finish the job. Can't replay what happened in Iraq.
NOT WHILE THE terrorist r still there Never forget 9/11 Now r military have the right leadership  I am Native American & support the POTUS
I agree. This started when I was in 8th grade. I don't remember life without war and I want to.
At the expense of a gargantuan and powerful expansion of ISIS in that region? Leadership does not involve zealotry, purity tests of any kind
OPIUM FIELDS and contractors. Anybody with a functioning brain knows what Afghan war all about
Sorry senator but I believe that terrorism is something to big to ignore. Our country is under many threats. Letting more develope not opt
Well dont repeat British mistakes from colonial India. Understand terrorism and get away w/it 4real! Dont fertilize it!
We are not colonizing, we are helping establish self sufficiency. He made that clear
I know you want the best of country but use your responsible and bring unity not discord, double minded is not good right now, focus please
Yes, yes and yes, bravo.
I,  as all Americans that realize this war over there may never end, believe it is long overdue for us to bring our troops home. Enough done
We need to focus on our own countries problems. Economy, Unemployment, Taxes, Corrupt gov. Work here for soldiers, defend our borders here.
#Amen
If 8 of the years hadn't been spent w/our military's hands tied by absurd Terms of Engagement, I'd agree w/Paul. However, we walk...
Why you should be Stop 100 % no war in Afghanistan
i support the President and the  General's decision
...we've got another vacuum filled by terrorists and a re-run or a larger problem.  Not a good solution, Rand.
thank God someone thinks positive at least. appreciate your voice.
No. 
Senator it's time we FIGHT to WIN vs. being occupying force in #Afghanistan....Dessert Storm proved we can WIN decisively.
We won desert storm?

How many Americans died... it's never a victory
Is afghan speech meant to distract us from NK, trade wars, debt ceiling, etc?
Mr Paul - you need study Military History and stop stirring the Sh.t 
Call me if you need a refresher

Pull out like Obama did in Iraq? Let us give General Mattis a year or 2 (minus Obama's ROE) and finish the job.
What do they have waiting on them and their families? Jobs, education, a better America I hope :)
Ok, pack up, go home.. what's the plan when terror groups take over area and execute more world wide terror?
Guess you should have won the presidency. Another moral victory does not make our country safe.
Why so you can kill them quicker taking away their insurance
it's awful, I'm disgusted
And what happens then?
Then u plant the seed of love.
#Amen
What's your plan to avoid a vacuum for terrorists?
Yes if US leave terrorists are likely to come back. But the only alternative is staying there FOREVER.
And let the Taliban breed like rats... sounds like the Obama play book. YOU TRAITOR!

Rand, you don't support our Generals?  You want another Iraq?
What is those terrorists get their hands on those nukes? Then what?
*if
You need to retire, you don't have the spine to call your self an American.
Oh gawd, here we go....
A little misspelled there, I think is oh God.
Good job, you're a hero
Psalm 120:1
A Song of Ascents. In my #distress I cried to the #Lord, And He heard me.
Romans 6:23
For the #wages of #sin is #death, but the #gift of #God is eternal #life in #ChristJesus our #Lord.
