Bills should stand alone.  No  bs attached to them! So tired of the games being played.
Will DC never learn that giant bills with loads of unintended consequences are ALWAYS a bad idea?
@GennieCritzer @RandPaul you're a fool & obstructionist
Doubt the president will forget who shafted him on this bill.
and we won't forget how the President tried to shaft us.
There would have been more negotiations after the Senate & House voted on their bills.
If only we could get @realDonaldTrump to listen too.
whatever, America gave up on @GOP (crony establishment) a long time ago and why we love @realDonaldTrump
Obamacare has to be FULLY repealed.
A lot of things objectionable to conservatives. Like Donald Trump.
 we don't need a hater from Canada attacking our president @FoxNews @RandPaul
,Paul thinks he is in charge,as does Ryan, McConnell, McCain, conservatives, progressives. Money rules thee , re election
I voted for president Reagan and Jack Kemp . conservatives.  They never got everything they wanted.
have you ever thought how much we are suffering under OBcare now. Even partially repealing will help us a lot. Hate U.
It is on Congressional Republicans to produce a repeat and replace. Forward @POTUS agenda!
u can't have it all.  They gave u concessions and u didn't keep ur word.  ELECTION 2018. Thats the real story
Repeal was his word..Not Tweak.
They don't even have 51 Senators to change the rules.
This bill was a death sentence so that Trump could get democrats elected.
But the GOP Senators are privileged fools with a few exceptions...
@NetworksManager @RandPaul Yeah, like Government would still control the Healthcare industry.
If you hate everything about Obamacare but only hate one or two parts of the replacement bill sounds like a no brainier
Democrats and Republican complain and whine more than my 4 yr old granddaughter. Stop complaining and get to work
Why is SENATOR @RandPaul involved in the HOUSE bill? Mind your own SENATE bill Rand.
As long as there is hard "left" and hard "right' nothing will get done. Remember, FOR THE PEOPLE
Freedom Caucus screwed us all.....they will NEVER get everything they want in this political climate. Work with Trump! 
fix this problem
 Doctor Paul.
Rand may cite conservative principles, but KY is full of Obamacare/Medicaid beneficiaries. He'd be too scared to actually repeal.
considering he wont run for re-election i doubt that.
He will probably primary challenge Trump in 2020, so better to seem a man of principle than dirty his hands governing
I'm so tired of excuses that our leaders are responsible for. Put aside political agendas and do the job we expect!!
You & Rep Mo Brooks on same page? 1 line bill - Repeal Obama Care with a date certain.
why can't you all sit down and put together a plan.  It is called governing; it is time to do your job!!
Thank you @RandPaul for standing up for what is right!
both sides need to learn Americans don't care about sides We Are All One so what's the problem Washington DC?
#SpeakerRyan is the problem. He is a bought and paid for PUPPET. #ReplaceRyan.
then it is time to start purging these fakes back to the democrat party. It will improve both parties and America.
BOO HOO. Ever heard of COMPROMISE
Work till you get it right. That's why you're there. Don't fly solo and stop bashing one another in front of cameras.
Objectionable to MOST AMERICANS! Act as if you only govern for Repubs...AMERICANS WILL REMEMBER!
@Waterbender1987 @RandPaul  
Yes! Not the least of which was allegedly gun control; and insurance Co bailouts!
we like our bills like we like our sex, crockpot method
At least they put a bill on the table for debate. Where is yours? Talk is cheap. Criticism easy. Results are difficult.
Obama got the last laugh he did not realize there were Repubs in Dem clothing
Republican party has to get their shit together.
In the budget defund ACA and PP. Put it out of its misery and get government out of healthcare
@POTUS 
The failure of the majority republicans to offer a replacement healthcare package is disgraceful. Shame on you.
Thank you @RandPaul and @POTUS for standing up for the American people and against Obamacare lite. @FoxNews
Do we understand the word compromise? A good negotiation has 2 sides that aren't completely happy! Maybe even pissed
How will tax reform be any easier? Same internal factions, same result.
Then you all should have gotten together and got it hammered out.  It's why you have the majority.  Please get it done.
@NetworksManager @RandPaul get your assistance on board and fix the problem. rep like like idiots
rand Paul already campaigning for 2020.
You are a putz and need to make this right
" We wanted kill more people and that bill just didn't do that" #SinglePayer#BernieCare
only to your brand of conservative. Paul doesn't want repeal and replace. He wants repeal and then you're on your own.
While you sit on your ass
#StandWithRand
NOT true. It SHOULD have http://passed.You  and your swamp dwellers are now responsible for Plan Parenthood baby killings.
FC does not represent majority Trump voters,but dont let that stop the FC majority Congress from trying to speak for us
Should've voted for AHCA bill - you're living in the past, Rand.  Get on the fuckin' Trump Train!  @realDonaldTrump
one of the most pathetic senators... who's worse, paul or warren?
@realDonaldTrump So it didn't pass the 'Pub Vote ' - refine and do again! Good strategy to test waters.
can we please replace one Paul for another Paul?
Just to satisfy the Fox News Fans ! Now Mr. President , could you pay attention to the true Republicans please?
Just to satisfy the Fox News Fans ! Now Mr. President , could you pay attention to the true Republicans Please ?
And the objectionables in bill being...?
More fake news from the fake news leader.
Objectionable? We have Exec, House&Senate. All they do are fighting each other. Do your job, support Trump!!
 doesn't support Trump even though Kentucky went huge for @realDonaldTrump in November
Always pursue liberty and freedom. I'll never stop until I am gone from this earth.
Why are Republicans letting Internet providers sell our private Internet browsing history without our permission?
Hey @RandPaul go on public ins like ALL OF US & see if that lights a fire under your pants We pay equiv of $220k house for premium
Shit baby, so what have you got against Montenegro?
Get off your butt and write a bill. 8 years to pass repeals that wouldn't be signed. Done Nothing for 8 years,Quit Crying
The bill also was never thought thru properly.  Lots of guesswork and partisan stats that had no validity in America.
your @freedomcaucus buddies wanted SO MUCH - including the elimination of coverage for pre-existing conditions NO! @VP
You know what's objectionable to conservatives? Getting Jack Diddly Squat done because you can't agree with anyone.
don't want to replace crap for more crap everyone work together on new Healthcare!
People need help and the GOP blew it not coming together for Americans! Grandstanding is getting old!
trump should put rand Paul in charge of it
You can tell she doesn't like conservatives
Expose Ryan. Who funds Freedom Caucus? Truth.
Reoeal means cancel ACA. Until 60 votes replace bill. Thats not right,when ppl were mandated,now have 0 options
You're questionable. I'm changing from Conservative to Trumpertive. The hell with the Freedom Caucus and Tuesday Morning group. 
I am for anyone who can get job done. Trump is in the middle on most things like this. FC is way far right
Trump is about economy, jobs, and protecting our citizens. Period. It just fell on to him to defeat radical terrorists.
Rand Paul is a liar he was scheming with the freedom freaks to sabotage the bill. Majority of republicans voted for it
The "things that were objectionable to Conservatives" is that they could not steal enough $. They think it's "their due".
Cheney told Bush that they wanted a second trillion dollar 'tax break'."It's our due for putting up with Dems for 8 yrs"
You All  keep working on repealing Obama care! DON'T GIVE UP! Start where you all agree and go from there Perfect!!
Has nothing to do with health care.  If given 8 years!What can't you do?All repubs should be ashamed!  I'm conservative.
it didn't pass so it was the Freedom Caucuses fault. If did pass & was junk Still conservatives fault.No win WTH
Maybe they could change their name to the "Get Nothing Done Caucus"
congressman are exempt from Obama Care sooo... Screw you!!! Bullshiter.. Politicians are dicks
need bill for line item veto and term limits
r
Come off it Ryancare was damn Dog and Pony show for the media the real AHCA comes later when Obamacare dies.
What about Ryan's meeting afterward! Quit grandstanding.
Rand, you are an outstanding guy! Thank you! Keep fighting the good fight..!!! 
but we need immediate repeal and @POTUS have a lot to FC so no more messing around repeal it talk to him
Take it on
What's wrong with the bill that passed in 2015?  Why not just re-introduce that?
No, just get the repeal/replace ACA done!  All talk!!!!!!!
can you make them understand the majority want repeal not repeat
Repeal,no replacement until 60 votes,cancels insur for 24mill, half were mandated to buy Thats not right
do you have life insurance?
Relevance? Dont have ACA but I have empathy to those mandated, gave up better policies bc of ACA.Punishing these ppl isnt ok
where were conservatives when it was passed. They are fighting the fix more than the original bill.
Have no use for their non yielding ways.  Screw him and Obama lite.  They suck.
Paul can't change it his way- He is a FAILURE, incompetent to create a WIN , go with Moderates. Paul = DISASTER !
nice civil war you guys have there in the Republican Party.
Yeah Rand Paul ,he is a neanderthal, thhx
he's the one trying to save your party from a shit deal
well, good job Rand Paul. You had leader ideas thank you. Please continue by getting everyone to a table and work it
agree make it simple - no subsidies and free market
He is so full of it.
only fools rush in
waiting for your repeal bill!!!!!
You guys are nothing more than #StateMedia  @FoxNews @RandPaul
Here is a pithy bill for the lunk heads in DC !
Rand for Speaker.
Screw Rand Paul.  They are dead to me. Him and the freedom caucus.  Drop dead
Did @RandPaul *mean* to imply that House leadership *isn’t* conservative? Like, was that a dis?
Here we go... RAND is another Rep. that gets nothing done.. Fails to say if we don't get all we want we are out.
RAND FOR SPEAKER
yeah great idea idiot. That way nothing gets done. What a joke
