we can only hope and pray the good people of KY vote this obstructionist out of office.
1) They won't, 2) What did he do that's "obstructionist"?
Sen. Paul & the HFC did not negotiate in good faith on the ACA replacement bill. He now owns Obamacare
They didn't negotiate at all. This was thrust on them by GOP leadership and Trump tried to whip votes.
Sen. Paul is against any plan or idea that's not his idea. Comes off as a know it all.
That's simply not true.
then get a bill and get it passed in the Senate and forget about being on TV all the time.
He has a bill and he's already referred it to the Senate Finance Committee. He put it forward January 24.
Where is it in the Senate?
Before the Finance Committee
you failed, move to salvage what we can on tax reform.
Paul argued against the AHCA
and it left us with mandates over tax cuts. No hope of removing State lines. Even Hillary was celebrating
He has a repeal and replacement bill in front of the SFC.
doesn't have the votes. Bigger hill to climb than Ryan had X3. Not a plan, just masterbating.
His bill talks about HSA's and, from what I see, has no tax increases in it.
I thought was a Republican?  Start your own party and run as the Tea Party Candidate, not as a Republican.
He is a Republican. What a silly comment.
@randpaul Golfs and Sucks up to Trump over a health care bill that would destroy his poor, uneducated, drug infested state of Kentucky. #SAD
Why replace the darn thing, health insurance was more affordable before the Affordable Care Act
Bill O'Reilly is a direct result of too much inbreeding within his bloodline!
Eventually? O'CARE, do in meantime?
Great plan till O'care, lost, Ocare now,less for more.TN. No coverage 2018
Aus,UK,Canada have freeUniHealthCare4Decades,any doc or hospital4Free&Scripts cost nomore than$7.00!USA?
Did you discuss Bill's ever-growing sexual harassment settlements @FoxNews ?
@Csinaco @RandPaul whatever is decided,fixed,changed or replaced let's get it done, enough talking.
way to give Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer win! Random Paul! You should have stood behind your President
I am not with the conservative causus anymore. U are all to stuborn & can not compromise for the most important things. Talk 2 Trump respect
You have failed us again..What a fool..do you like being a minority?Do you serve Elizabeth Watren
we need you. Don't give up!
that's your problem working to make it better is the answer , we're sick of party politics!!
-your guest, Nick Adams, is he any relation to " the one who played Jonny Yuma, "The Rebel?"
we need to start implementing price gouging laws on the medical industry !!
Rand Paul spends more time talking about doing something then he actually spends doing something !
Rand take the lead, accept the invite, repeal and replace Obama Care.
Keep on it Rand!! And thank you for being a part of it!
You lost, ffs.
Shame Mr. Ryan's ego got in the way - and no one else could help input into the healthcare plan.
Let us hope that after 7 yrs of NOT doing anything, coupled with Trumpcare failure, that the GOP will succeed.
it will happen w/ your help. we know u are on the american people's side and not the swamp
your a big part of the problem bud.
Screw that JUST DO IT!
NO BIG DEAL JUST PLEASE! JUST GET IT RIGHT THIS TIME AROUND!
ConservativeVictoryDems fall into lock-step to push a bad bill. Consvs hold each other accountable to higher standard
#StandWithRand
Premiums and deductibles are skyrocketing. A replacement plan must include cost containments as well as tort reform.
Paul loves the death of babies
@SpecialKMB1969 @RandPaul just repeal
If GOP adds the great ideas phase 3 type stuff first and repeals second wouldnt the transition be easier for people?
balls rolling...
e saw during the Reagan era. Country first and party second. Freedom of religion. @RandPaul , I believe you can get these
is that "Republicans never agree on health care." And I hope we can see the same kind of leadership from Democrats that w
ven with Democrats. I hope, soon, we can look back and laugh at the serious truth John Boehner recently laughed at, which
rity have screwed it up since. I believe that you can be a powerful voice and bring the GOP back together on their own, e
ee on. On a serious note, I wish more people in Congress thought like you did today. Reagan bettered the system, the majo
Just the way we need to sound! Start from the top-what we DO agree on-and then work out the details of what we don't agr
good luck with that
Every tax cut, cuts taxes for the Wealthy and Corporations, eventually costing the Middle Class and Poor more.
What is good for Corporations and the Wealthy does not benefit the Poor or the Middle Class.
Cutting subsidy’s for the Corporations and re-establishing the tax rate of the 60's would help to end poverty in America
@GennieCritzer @RandPaul  nice guy but ideological libertarian out of touch with political realities
Is Sen. Paul willing to comprise at all or does it have to be Freedom GRP way only?
After 7 years of planning, the REPUBs blew it.  How many more years will it take to have a plan?
little late whiner!!!
Senator, please get this DONE! @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan
Fix ACA, no point to starting over except to save wealthy @GOP donors mega tax $$$
u better want to REPLACE obamacare or we will replace YOU!
u didn't support our president. that means u don't support trump supporters. we hate u.
you jealous LIAR.
Trump carried the Republicans - 2018 will be a different  Trump supporters are not 100% conservative.
#ReplaceThenRepeal   #ReplaceBeforeRepeal @POTUS @VP @Reince
please Mr Paul introduce your bill in the senate this week.
Then get it done!
Maybe the HFC is for abortion. Hmmm.
Fox News - Russia's propaganda outlet
We want single payer open Medicare to all. In fact congress and their colleague's should be in the same pool as us.
i would say Pelosi & Schumer get the front seat chance now on HC
you Republicans better do something so we will want to re-elect you!  We are not as united as the Democrats.
How long?
you are putting the cart before the horse.  repeal without replacement is immoral
Is it possible that they will put the HC bill in your hands...I would feel good about that..
It will work out now that Mr. Ryan is out! It's your chance to shine, Rand. @POTUS
A straight repeal don't replace bill would have passed.
what a freaking mess.  U let those who voted for GOP down.  Get ur act together!
Ron Pauls should be ashamed of Rand. Ron knew it takes steps to fix things. Rand's all or nothing gives us NOTHING!
just repeal and remove regulations. Let the free market replace, not government
You could have voted Yes, then killed the next phase. Woulda repealed O'care and left us with a free market. Mistake.
keep up the good fight Rand.
I think the only one in DC fighting for the people is TRUMP !!
you destroyed it Rand...a win for Dems....loss for the middle class
pathetic Koch brother flunky...
Rand ur party right wing only wants repeal & more tax breaks.  Plz b honest. You'll never replace w/ their votes.
Get the job gone !! Show us that your working for the people and that you all can work together and get the job done !!
Its now on the freedom coalition @RandPaul to come up with a plan that they can sell and pass.
The system which requires the least government intrusion is single payer.
7 years. That is all.
JUST REPEAL Obamacare 1st--1 piece at a time if necessary. Worry about other stuff later. #Obamacarerepeal #ObamacareLite
rand Paul, his way or no way.  Working for all Americans.....nope!
Un"altra testa dura ignorante che fa la vita difficile a tutti, vai a veder tuo padre e forma un'altro partito politico!
It might be a good idea for the GOP to listen to the American people.  Just saying.
GOP better wake up. Dems r on ur heels w/plan. While u bicker; they unite in order to steal ur thunder. U wasted ur oppty
Republican electorate "hugely" disappointed... no angry.
We gave you House, Senate, Presidency & time. u were not ready when ur moment arrived; showed up unprepared/empty-handed
He can't.  60 votes required. No Dems will vote with him. Pie in the sky.
Someone send this to Ryan.. https://www.paul.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/ObamacareReplacementActSections.pdf …
Your healthcare plan will decimate the GOP in 2018. Get on board with what Americans REALLY need. Voted against HRC.
Get it done and fast! 

@mitchellvii Based on FoxSunday, it all boiled down to Freedom caucus not supporting pre-existing conditions
I hope Kentucky actually comes up w/a replacement for Rand Paul next time around. Beginning to question our sensibility.
Great! Propose single party payer, universal care & I'll be right on board.
Then get to work and stop wasting our money!!!
been exposed on his last payment from soro
How about replacing Obamacare with the Free Market.
Pie in the sky. Ocare here to stay due to your antics and obstructionism and grandstanding. Apologize to Amer people
Fox, in the pic, you're missing a comma before your conjunction, since there's a complete sentence on both sides.
GOP PLANS ARE DEAD! America is ready for a European universal health system. 1/2 the cost not written by lobbyists.
you know dam well that Paul Ryan is working for Soro and obama and getting paid by them. American people arent stupid.
didn't he hear the Prez 45 he said it's over the democrats will own it he moved on to tAx reform and space.
The easy road is not always the right one .You chose the right one TY
Obamacare is the right road?
Since our insurance tripled and it took My buffet  money HELL No !
exactly. But the no vote by Repubs kept Obamacare.
first of all get rid of Paul Ryan as speaker of house. Its been exposed he took off to a secret meeting afterwards
We disrupted our lives to work on electing ppl into both houses to REPEAL. Replacing wasnt what we elected you for.
I want what he’s been smokin'
Easy way for UNIVERSAL HEALTH to be bi-partisan. Just ask.
can we see the bill?
Other than that, Mrs. Lincoln, how was the play?
Little late for *that*.
Get to it, this was your signature policy, must get done
all hat,  no cattle. So tired of his bullshit.
show some leadership and work it out. Anything short is cheap rhetoric from career politicians
well sir I do hope your hope on this can come to fruition, the American people need this.
Never. Fix the ACA problems instead.
Republicans don't stick together like the democrats do!
d
Wrong.
Your finished!  You've killed any public trust in abilities!
Not United with Rand Paul.
Fix the flaws in original version then try again.There will be no benefits by crying or blaming like this.
I do respect you, but I really hope this isn't being in love with your own plan. It's easier to not bend than to negotiate.
Also not based in reality. 60 votes required for his plan. No Dems will back. House Bill only needed 51
is just mad because he lost the GOP nomination so he must make a stand now along with @SenJohnMcCain
now he is talking? Traitor!
Most of us want the same thing!
---Just Repeal it and let all states be open for us to choose our own healthcare.  I like what Ann Coulter says to do!
Love Rand Paul, way to stay strong. We won't forget
Rand, you are such a troublemaker!
Ruplicans don't care about passing a new healthcare bill, they just want voters to think that they want a new bill.
Let's hope you're 'united' on the 'full' & absolutely total elimination of Planned Parenthood as an evil Trojan Horse!?!?
No wonder he was a fad.
Need to do it ASAP !!!!
in 2015 wife had ACA paying 34/mth. Molina made error was sup to pay 282/mth. Cld not affrd. Cancel & pay $1200 penalty.
deducted from tax return. BIG ripoff thanks to the Dems.
how many years do you need!  Another 7-8? Crazy. This should have been hashed out years ago and just waiting for the day!
too egotistical to realize that he is part of the problem - a my way or the highway guy - take HIS ball and go home guy
LIAR
Rand, get a great system in place for us citizens ASAP. Create Competition
America is getting frustrated with a lot of talk and NO ACTION! There will be a rude awakening come election time 4 both!
You should have done it right the first time. Republicans should get their act and unity together.
Be alert for GOP sabotage of our healthcare for personal gain
just fix the parts that are underperforming. Do that & stop embarrassing the country.
You guys BLEW IT... WE  depended on you....You should have been better ready and you were not... so sad.. and weak
Hypocrites
| 

Lots of talk but no action....

@GOP 
 @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @GOPLeader @SpeakerRyan 
#HealthCareReform 
#healthcare
thank you
After you did everything you could to ale it down.
only wants to repeal. Never says timetable on what happens next. He is a sneak
If we removed the insurance Companies and let everyone buy into Medicare it would cut costs tremendously
AMEN!!!!!
Well get on with it Please!! You guys  look like a bunch of whimps and crooks!! Be a team! Team @realDonaldTrump !!
8 years to come up with an answer and you let the lobbyists dictate the terms. Non profit medicine is the only answer.
I THINK @realDonaldTrump SHOULD LET OBAMACARE IMPLODE, THEN SHOW THE NATION AND DEMOCRATS THAT IT WAS A PIECE OF CRAP.
I have a lot of doubt they will do anything
In other words, it's your way or no way?  If you can't work with the President, you need to be replaced.
if it's possible it won't be with your help. Had to be Kentucky
make it happen
POTUS needs a promised safety net to repeal OBBAMACARE, USA HCAccess is that safety net.
Mitch,Rand and the Senate via the Byrd rule can indeed do a bill which will repeal and get House on board with.
Man does not ask for welfare, Puppetmasters enslaven with welfare.
60 votes required. No possibility.
Time to listen to the did doctor! @realDonaldTrump
60 vote requirement is same as 0 votes on Friday. Both keep Ocare in place.
