why did Paul sabotage this effort. It's inexcusable. now we will need 60 votes when they couldn't muster a simple majority
#StandWithRand
Happy?
Today was a victory in our fight to save health care for millions. But remember this: The fight won't end until we flip the House & Senate.
You have ObamaCare Randy?
If gov forced car repair ins on us, wait times and prices would skyrocket
Absolutely. And car repair places would start to look rundown and blighted.
And, they would stop listing prices...what would be the point?
Point taken.
My family in Adjuntas PR are in desperate need; they have no food or waterWe in the US cannot yet get to themPls send help to small towns
Also, that HMO Act of 1980 forced insurance on us back then and skyrocketed prices
We will just have to wait till after the 2018 election.
323 mil in America and we won't repeal because 23 mil need Care? #REPEAL #Obamacare never mind replacing it. @realDonaldTrump #majorityrules
I support that 100%
#Obamacare bs has 2 go. I've gone frm 32 a week to 109 a week and higher deductible!
My premiums and deductables doubled.
mode.Just like a politician: Take a stand, for votes, and when it comes to being a Senator and doing his job. He is still in campaign
BS it's because of Rand we have Ocare around. his little legs will never be happy with repeal. hack of the highest order.
Thanks Rand. Pay my deductible?
Please stop allowing abortion providers2access federal funding for abortions.Each day more babies are dying. If your prolife,act it! 
I guess now Rand Paul will kill tax reform. Does this guy ever vote in the affirmative way
Is this man really prolife? His negative vote means more federal money for abortions 
You campaigned on repeal them back tracked when it came time to do what you said you would do.  Hope you don't get reelected
He refuses to even come close to a full repeal now.
CAN"T wait ANY longer!  40K HC or Mtg?  We are drowning out here!  NO help from GOV!!
Also remind everyone that if you guys can't get your acts together and get something done, American's suffer.
Stop saying "we just need to repeal it." You sound like an adjunct professor from a community college. You have NO plan after repeal.
The deadline IS NOT artificial! Not tomorrow, NOW. CONGRESS isn't paying the outrageous costs. & implement NOW same O'care for Congress.
Thank you 4 standing up for American families over party politics! Americans healthcare is important 4 EVERY American not just the wealthy
What a schmo!!!
They could at least pass a simple bill to repeal the mandates. And a bill to DEFUND PLANNED PARENTHOOD.

A step in the right direction.
Now that poser Cruz is on the Paul bandwagon, Congress will never pass ACA replacement.
Thank the assholes who wouldn't  agree
GOP defeating obamacare was artificial
It would have defunded Planned Parenthood and got rid of the Obamacare mandate. Phony reasoning not to vote yes.
Keep your obamacare Rand Paul and Ted Cruz! You both caused the suffering of many many people.
I dont want a last ditch effort at down and dirty H/C legislation that WE have to prod and poke intermittently thru the mo. and forever.
I think you and Ted Cruz are lying
The difference between you and tits on a boar is that the
tits on a boar are at least decorative

 #HealthCareDebate

Why us and not them!? 
Rand Paul & the rest of the professional paid liars club need 2 look hard into the mirror & let it sink in... MILLIONS UTTERLY HATE YOU NOW.
Its not artificial when you need 60 votes after Sept. 30
Flat Tax only fair Tax Rich will not have cannot cheat
Remove the Obamacare punishment/mandate in the tax bill. People either can't afford O'care or some have NO INSURERS. Not fair.
PLEASE VOTE YES TO REPEAL OBAMA CARE AS YOU PROMISED US.  We are so disappointed  right now with our republican party.
Is he talking to himself? There is only 1 conservative in the GOP these days.
,

.....like every other thing about @POTUS/@RealDonaldTrump.
Replace with this new bill !! It's a great first step.  Obamacare is killing us!! Please help us with your YES vote!!
Most politics and Celebrity is. Behave to your values anyway. As my Bro says there is no hurry and Deming solves Bullshit. #Fixit
@LifeZette way to pick an unflattering pic of @RandPaul He looks like death warmed over. He's blue in that picture.
If you don’t vote YES and Obamacare isn’t stopped the American people will never forgive you. PLEASE SUPPORT THIS HCARE BILL.
This is a different version of Ocare. The spending will bankrupt the country + the fed gov't needs to get out of our lives. Rinos want taxes
You are no patriot.
Rand, you like the spotlight but this isn't the way. We voted for Trump, not you, You are a republican, act like it....it is not about you
Perhaps it is artificial, but Rep's are losing faith...just sayin
Except that if they don't meet the deadline, the house must vote it through again. Are you that certain the house will do that?
These self-centered senators can get their heads out of their asses long enough to vote. Very sad. Problem is, can't remain objective.
Your right! Clean repeal may come after next election, but we're just sick to death of TALKING ABOUT IT! DO IT!
@RandPaul  it's just the gop's last chance to defy president Obama (black president) assistance towards the poor not the wealthy.
Never said they did, business owners should put money into workers but they don't. They buy another vacation home..
Repeal/replace-adjusting Obama care and dems will have repubs own all of it.
GOP is artificial.
Really disappointed in Rand Paul.  Such adjustments can be made later.  The destruction of the GOP, on ther other hand, is coming in 2018.
Adjustments? Had 8 long years! What a joke. @RandPaul at least wants a legit plan! A real doc who gets it. Rest of GOP just corrupt to core.
Progressive Rinos lied to get re-elected. They want to keep the ACA cuz they, like the progressive left, want to keep taxes. IT'S OUR MONEY!
insurance letters for next year have gone out already. what do counties do that don't have ins options in exch? renewal time is here.
