I hope they learn to try to agree quickly next time but they probably won't. The deal wouldn't have passed w/o Reps. Only 17 voted no!
It's sad that Reps. love 2 cut stuff except 4 what  deserves 2 b cut they have done nothing but try 2 send a country back in time cut them!
No way. We must continue to give free money to country's that hate us.
Maybe they can all donate their salary like the president has for this year . That would generate a lot of revenue . 
Donated his salary? Donated $1 Million? Really? Trunk? U believe that? He makes that everyday he spends at Mar Largo.
He donated first quarter salary to parks dept and second quarter to dept of education . 1mil for hurricane . 
No. He didn't. Especially the 1 mill. It didn't come from his pockets. It came from a foundation. OMG
You should do more research and check for yourself . We pay the pres 400k per yr. 100k per qtr. He donated 1st 2 qtrs . Yes donated 1 mil
I have. That's Y I'm pretty certain he didn't do any of that. Trunk isn't going to give $ away. R U serious? He got rich extorting ppl.
Not arguing . I believe what I believe and apparently you do as well . So have a nice day 
Take the first 200k from Senator Paul's pay and perks.
Amen
An excellent idea.  I wanted to see President Paul as I supported him at my Iowa caucus.
Agreed   good luck getting any support from colleagues re: fiscal integrity and sanity. We the people are tired of irresponsible spending.
I nominate trump's Wall already-approved funding be transferred to FEMA & infrastructure! Trump deserves no monument to himself anyway.
Spending cuts that disproportionally impact the poor and middle class?
How about getting the Speaker to do something?  First and foremost, tax cuts to the middle class the ones making the Speakers buddies richer
Notice how the Speaker has accomplished nothing but obstruction!
you endorse daca for non americans but you want to play politics with Harvey relief:  dismally dumb politics
Trump realized that the only way to get fast cash for Texas was to go with the Dems. We vote for Reps but they never agree. No other way
Feds just should stay out of Texas.
Good luck with that. I don't want the government spending any money on Harvey Relief. It's not in the Constitution and get rid of FEMA
Amen, same for Irma as well!!!
#Screw Rand Paul! Enough of these Conservatives!!
Your profile says you're conservative. You confused?
#But socially liberal.
What Rand said was literally "fiscally conservative". Then you bashed him for it even though you claim to be the same
#Rand is too conservative. He is a Libertarian.
Libertarian = fiscally conservative + socially liberal. Government can't spend your money or tell you who to marry.
Your pay check should come from spending cuts.
SPENDING CUTS ON WHOM?? THE LESS FORTUNATE THAN YOU RIGHT!!
What you want the people To wait for you guys to get your shi t together
align yourself with Donald trump instead of fighting him: if you do not condemn gop rino's as the problem then you are being self defeating
That would make too much sense in the swamp. Drain it first and then you have a chance to MAGA.
Excellent idea let's start with politicians.
We don't have time for your grandstanding
I think  paul should go and stay with Mc Cain their no good for us Shoot their mouth and say nothing
@RandPaul Correct To Demand Spending Cuts @realDonaldTrump & @TheDemocrats Using Hurricane Harvey As Cover To Raise Debt Ceiling Is COWARDLY
What a ass
No
That's what our house holds would have to do dealing with our money. Oh wait congress is spending our money. So Rand Paul is right.
#StandWithRand
Rand you nothing but an obstructionist. We in Texas need relief now. Senate waste more time obstructing, no wonder nothing can get done
Sounds like good advice, but relief is needed now, not after y'all come back from breaks and endless blathering. #doyourjob
Anyone bother to ask what he plans to cut to pay for the Texas disaster? He is delusional.
Absolutely, control spending.
Apparently Mr Paul has never lost everything with no means to rebuild your life that should never have strings attached  people come first
Instead of taking money from those who can’t afford it why not take it from those who have more money than they…
People in hell want ice water, can't  always have what we want work with your President ,  you oppose him on everything .
You been to hell?  How you know they don't get it???  
It's exactly where it should come from. It's called a budget people. There is plenty of room for cuts in the federal budget.
I want my state to pony up from the rainy day fund so we can officially send all these libtards packing.
No comprimise at expense of people suffering. No wonder president seeks help across aisle.  Unbelievable  but predictable. Always roadblock
Idealist to the point of never getting anything done. This is a process of compromise and those that won't meet to be voted out.
take the hurricane relief from tax cuts --- forget tax cuts -- if there is money to spare here - pay down the debt!
That would be preferable, absolutely.
Is that going to apply to Irma also. Sometimes people need help now. Can't wait for the check in the mail.
Take it from Mueller's salary! Just sayin!
Shrink the federal government as much as possible. A lot of waste there
WTH..you guys cant even put a budget together or do anything for that matter. Go away
You know what Ryan why don't we take it from the congress pay and insurance coverage and vacation pay yep why don't we just do that..
Despite his RT, I think u mis-characterize him.  He thinks Harvey spending should be offset by spending cuts not to come from. Subtle but...
What a jerk! vote em all out!!
How about we cut your pay ... Plus term limits
But the banksters will be happy to lend...! lol
And that includes you Rand Paul Thank God we have a awesome president. You need to take a few lessons from president Trump
If you mean by going back on everything he has promised so far, no thanks.
And once again, a politician has made me so ashamed to be from Ky right now!!
Rand is correct here. The magical money tree people believe we have has been picked clean.
To me y'all are not earning your pay you would like to make America believe that but alot of us know better it ashame Congress don't get it
some days I think he bumped his head
President Trump donated and he isn't getting paid so what are y'all doing with money that was supposed to be paid to Our President
He donates his paycheck. They don't get it back. Paul has donated millions of his budget back 2 the treasury. He's talking about foreign aid
Thank you for clearing that up
How would that work? Relief must be instantaneous but spending cuts wouldn't be immediate. What am I missing?
Nothing.  You're missing nothing.
Actually there is money allocated and available for foreign aid, but not yet spent. That is what Rand wants to use
Thanks for your response. That could work.
How about all the Congress donate half of your pay I'm sure y'all can afford it. After all y'all have been stealing from American ppl..
This is an ignorant statement. If you knew anything about Paul is that he has given back millions of his budget to the US treasury.
Where can they cut? We have to have wars. We simply can't live without wars.
What spending cuts relative to KY are you willing to put on the table?
Hmmm, maybe start with congressional salaries. 
Let's cut all congressional salaries first. To serve is an honor and nothing more than MREs should be expected!
And effectively make it impossible to be a congressman unless you're wealthy? #PerverseConsequence
I agree. Maybe some of the welfare spending can be re-alocated to Harvey relief.
