I appreciate your effort Rand but all your fellow senators are bought and paid for so I'm afraid it is a losing battle.
They are bought by the pharma industry, thats why it's taking so long for America to catch on to something as obvious as free health care.
No such thing as free health care. That's a fantasy. Everything has costs.
Correct, but I ran out of characters.
The extra tax I pay isn't close to what American private insurance would cost though.
Only problem is gov. would have to run it and they aren't efficient or competent at running anything.
Better than private firms who's only interest is making money. Fact is we live longer and pay less. Must be working!
Only way to keep costs low is through innovation or competition and with the gov running things you get neither. How would you solve that?
First example from Google.. (there are many more)
We need freedom? How about lower costs? Why are our hospitals, our doctors, our medications 10x more expensive than in any civilized country
Because you don't have a socialised health care system, like every other major country does. You have a shorter life expectancy too.
'Socialized health care system' comes with bad connotations. But the question still remains: why pay 10x for hospitals, doctors, medication?
Because you put layers of profits in for multiple unnecessary middle men. Socialising the system solves this.
By 'socialising' you mean bringing their profits down to normal levels, right? Germany, England, France, Canada, Australia are not socialist
....we can buy private care as well, but thats just to squeeze money from the rich really. If you have nothing, you are treated on the NHS.
Peter, I'm sorry but you still haven't given me a straight answer: why are we Americans paying 10x more than any other civilized country?
I'm not sure why it's my job to. I've outlined the basics, you have a corrupt capitalist system which likes profit. For more, use Google.
I live in Britain, with socialised health care. I get to decide what's best for me, and whatever I choose, it can't bankrupt me! It's great.
So if you want to bring your child to American for an experimental treatment you get to....asking for a friend.
Asking what?
RAND PAUL : NO DIFFERENT FROM OTHER ESTABLISHMENT POLITICIANS WHO WILL NOT SUPPORT TRUMP'S AMERICA 1ST AGENDA !
By making all his products in China. What a patriot!
Sen. Rand Paul, The nurses & veterans I speak w/at the VA Hospital in Louisville KY. support @SenSanders #MedicareforAll Bill. Talk to them!
That's single payer gov't run health care. That's what the VA is. Look what's been happening to Veterans in VA system in the last 7+ years.
I'm a female veteran in #Kentucky & appreciate the VA hospitalALL people should have the right to medical care w/oworries>#MedicareForAll
I had to use the VA, too. Wait all day to see a quack who had me so upset, I was crying. He put in my file, I "was distraught." Gave me...
I understand & have been treated the same by 3 drs. I fight back tho & put them in their place. We don't have to tolerate that bs @ the VA
Meetings?  A waste of time. Do something.
He raised 17k at this learning session.ur a crook and ur outa gov for lack of wrk
Interesting man........yet trouble's me
We need #Capitalism and #FreeMarket in healthcare!
There is no free market now.
Freedom is meaningless when you are free to get nothing because you are sick or poor.
I wish you were my senator
@MyHSAPortal The feds need to get out of health insurance. #tcot #RepealACA #ProudAmerican
#StandWithRand
. This is giving it to the states, pay attention to your constituency. Support @LindseyGrahamSC bill. #blockgrantit
Full, unrestricted competitive, free markets in health care sector! Get government out of the sector!
But then who decides what's best for the patients?
RAND PAUL : FAKE SENATOR
RAND PAUL : FAKE SENATOR : REFUSES TO PUT AMERICA 1ST.
RAND PAUL : OBSTRUCTIONIST: WILL NOT SUPPORT TRUMP'S AMERICA 1ST AGENDA! NO ONE ELSE HAS A PLAN, BUT TRUMP: AMERICA 1ST!
How does this thinking deal with the part medicaid expansion?
What is your view on medicaid expansion? Im so lost on this issue.
As a supporter of you & your dad and also a cancer patient, what's ur stance on the insurance ind. taking patients with pre-existing cond.?
Then support a national uniform health insurance plan. Lots of successful examples around the world. Then all worries and problems end.
No we need mire freedoms for the ppl not insurance cos they continue to price gouge the ppl along with pharmacuticals
We need to keep healthcare out of the hands of for profit insurance companies
Gotta make it affordable if you want to call it access. How will you do that?
For a minute I thought you were in Danville, California and I was like: noooo how did i miss this?
Medical Corporatism killing private medical practices, is NOT being addressed.
Socialism is NOT the only issue here.
.What the hell is "Healthcare freedom"...? And is it more important than NO healthcare whatsoever?
Are you a man of no compassion?  Insurance is too high for most Americans.  We can do this for all people!!!
Sen. Paul - you have to team up with other senators to get anything done.  Don't hold out for perfect - we won't get anything.
FYI - it's your JOB to make those solutions a reality. Standing ground on something that can't pass is not a solution.
you all need to REPEAL THE DAMNED THING LIKE YOU CAMPAIGNED ON, PROMISED AND LIED ABOUT! Stop the bullshit!
What a crock. We need health care not BS corporate talk about 'choices'.
What's best for everyone is not having to worry about whether what's making you ill is covered or what it costs to make you better.
Senator, why do I need healthcare freedom but not Interstate Hwy freedom? Some things are better achieved as a group effort.
Everybody brought their cats.
#Medicare4All will eliminate the burdens on businesses and individuals! Join in !
Why can't we put it in the hands of the people who are providing the services?
Your box lunches represent food a poor family could live on for a week.  @HouseGOP @SenateGOP
All I know is no healthcare repeal and I vote out Repubs.
Doesn't matter what they decide as long as government allows health insurance companies & pharmaceutical companies 2 have outrageous prices
#ObamaCare is not healthcare,  it is TAX,  they LIED-it means to take all u own or get  in tax debt! Fully #RepealObamacare #WasFRAUDonUSA
blah blah blah my daughters ins just got cancelled because she is pregnet ! is it always just blah blah blah nothing accomplished !!!!
Amen!  Real Republicans and RNC need to have a "talk" with RHINO FAKE Republicans about their undermining abhorrent behavior!
In other words, who cares about who can afford healthcare coverage.
Private industry? Individual freedom? These things are blasphemy in our new Socialist utopia. #AConservativeView
That's your job to provide that choice. That's your only purpose for being in the Congress. LEGISLATE INSTEAD OF LACTATING THE SYSTEM.
It's so annoying and revolting coming from someone who went through medical school, did you learn something about humanity and pain.
did they each get a gerbil from petsmart?
The mistake u see, is that healthcare is not a business, it's a human basic right. & it's the govm's OBLIGATION to endure it. #Medicare4All
If businesses r asked 2 help decide what's best 4 me, their answer is to get all the $ I'm willing to give...like buying a $800+ phone ea/yr
This Fu*king mess a result of GOP thinking & CEOs deciding whats best for the company not the ppl the manipulation of the ppl = $300 mil CEO
Happy to chat about #DPC whenever you want
senator, can you push the #GOP on repeal and replace + tax reform? You're surrounded by fake Republicans
Yes we do Senator, I am a diabetic and as of yesterday I have been denied my medication because "somebody" has decided I don't need them!!
Why is the @GOP bent on keeping the poor and elderly from having healthcare? Have you no conscience or morality at all?
Price transparency is a must!
You can't legislate price transparency. At least not effectively. The people/market must demand it
Hsa program necessitates it in order to make informed decisions.
Totally!
We need a GOP that will finally, actually get something done.
#RepealObamacareNow
Get Government Out Of our healthcare!
#BigGovSucks
Ok if one can always be able to get insirance
See the problem with containing healthcare costs is over 60% of the conditions are behavior related. So that needs to be fully addressed.
We NEED an investigation into Healthcare COSTS and whether or not, medical conglomerates gouging patients.
Just remember, Senator, most of times the solution is not ideal but a compromise deemed to be improved.
Why aren't you discussing it with the people, to find out what we think
All of Congress should be on the same plan that you're offered to the American people.  Bet we would get a GREAT plan then.
You're right businesses will make decisions for patients therefore limiting individual freedoms. 
RAND PAUL : PUT UP OR SHUT UP! PRESIDENT TRUMP HAD AN AMERICA 1ST AGENDA . QUIT FAKING & SIDESTEPPING THE WILL OF THE PEOPLE!
WHAT'S IN THE BOX? TELL ME WHAT'S IN THE BOX!!!!
Could stoping limiting the practice of nurse practitioners in your state. Kentucky has made progress but can still do more.
*stop
Freedom for the medical monopoly to take even more of our money?
Yeah, this is the elephant in the room with Rand and healthcare. He acts like all parties have equal bargaining power
keep talking they will buy the next election no worries soon no healthcare for all but the rich
Vote yes with Bernie.
One payer health care system!
there's actually plenty of freedom and price discovery and resource allocation is highly questionable
Rand?wat r u talking about?.get w/ Warren Buffet & be open to a hybrid-single-payor-plan for usa citizens.im55male,yor playing w/ my health!
You have been talking for 8 yrs. When are you going to do something about Healthcare. How is your Senate Healthcare plan working ?
What does  your version of "healthcare freedom" look like?
Virtually no government involvement in healthcare. Any fraudulent activities would be prosecuted as they are in all other industries
Great.  A bunch of rich white folk who already have generous subsidized healthcare talking about how to take it away from everyone else.
Businesses: we want low wages, to not have to pay heathcare, and also robots.
Be sure not to tell them that you are torpedoing reasonable legislation.
Look at Atlas MD model, . Wichita physicians Aly Gadalla, Doug Nunamaker and Josh Umbehr are pioneers in the area’s medical community.
So many of us appreciate you and your continued fight for conservative values.
We can't all turn stones into bread. Some of us have to buy it. Healthcare is a service. Services cost people...on both sides.
Person: "But I can't afford my healthcare treatment"

GOP: "Fuck off and die already then"
what's in the Chinese takeout box on the table?
