My problem is that I'm sick and tired.... of you trying to take away my health insurance. 

KEEP YOUR HANDS OFF MY OBAMACARE!!!
No one has a right to have the gov't confiscate someone else's earnings to pay for their health insurance.
By that logic, you think your earnings are being "confiscated" to pay for public services like schools, roads, fire protection, water /1
That's 10A. There's no right in the Constitution for fed gov't to confiscate $$ from citizens to give to others to pay for health ins/care
Perhaps you should actually read the Constitution. It has a lot of words in it. But use a dictionary & thesaurus.
U should take your own advice. Constitution shouldn't be too difficult for you to read. I swore to uphold Constitution, not #commiemanifesto
Now the communists are after you? How long have you had these paranoid delusions? Have you seen a doctor? Ooooh... pre-existing condition!
Go back to your next Communist meeting and tell them hell's coming.
Listen to us . Obama care is more than I can afford
Hummm...where are the women and persons of color?
#randpaulforpresident2020
Your a fake paul !!
.@RandPaul Stand firm on principle, ignore the mentally enslaved in this thread of comments. Also I wish I was there.
How many of them are major donors?  They don't look like everyday citizens.  We aren't good enough to really listen to?
Looks like you've really sought out some diverse lived-experiences there Rand...
Skylar, that is a very racist comment. Are you a bigot? Do you have a problem with white people?
Im a white man fyi just not ignorant enough to think that decisions that affect all should be made by only 1 type of person... C'mon now bud
I'm sure youd be just fine with a group of all black women making the decisions that affected your life then, right? Cool story bro
You're a crazy man.
That tie, though.
Besides the ugly tie, I hope they gave you feedback about not being able to work well with others.
Want to know what the people want?  Repeal the XVII amendment.  Return the senate control to the states.  Appointed Senator are hard to buy!
The Constitution and liberty, HOLD THE LINE sir.
Nice tie.
Trouble is Mr Paul it goes in one ear and out the other.  All you want is your way or no way. Work with your colleges and get us sometime.

And to think...we fought and won a revolutionary war against an authoritarian gov't.
I'm sure they LOVE that you are purist and it has to be 100% your way or you won't support it.
The general government has no authority to provide healthcare. They need to work with HIM.
Do you only have old white men as constituents as picture indicates? No women?
@SenToomey sentoo- thank you ran for Having the courage to interact directly with your constituents. Someday we will have that in Pa.
You will from now on be known as the senator who saved Obamacare. I wouldn't want that title when I was running for reelection
If you cared about your constituents you would be voting to repeal and replace Obamacare. Stop your grandstanding we are bored with it
start acting like a good senator by getting with the other 49 senators to help repeal Obamacare
We would love to meet you! When we were New Yorkers we were big supporters of you and your father. Happy to call you our senator now!
Lol you haven't listed to anyone and haven't offered one solution.
Yea vote YES on Graham-Cassidy bill & get health care reform process started!!
ALL white middle aged men??!!?
problem is you don't listen. you talk over and have no idea what real life is
Looks like you're talking about breasts...
The new health care bill might not be everything you want. But if it's better than what we have, vote it in! You don't have to use it right?
Do you speak only with white people? Very Trumpish.
You liar You are not looking for solutions for them, u r just trying to sell them your lies. You do NOT play politics with Americans' health
You heard the majority want healthcare fixed and you still vote to make it worse, knowing the exchanges need to be strengthen
may the Lord look upon you and judge.
SENATOR PAUL THAT'S THE WAY TO GO. WAKING AMERICAN UP!
The GC Bill should be first. Get to work. You owe the people a YES vote. It's not prefect but it is s start. A NO vote is a vote for Ocare.
Just vote for it! It's not perfect! It's a start!
wow, looks like some diverse opinions! Hopefully you solved women's health issues!
They are just so boring and I kinda fall asleep.
You're gonna kick millions off healthcare. Millions will die. Wasn't one Hitler enough in our lifetime?
Stop thinking you will be president
You should be ashamed, it's not about you and what you think, it's about us and what we think...vote yes, Health Care
You're a good man.
They either hate u b/c u won't vote w/ the party or they hate u b/c of their women/PoC obsession-fetish. Neither care about liberty for all
Where are the women and POC???
#DumpObamaCare RP stop being a disrupter. Support the POTUS
Why do republicans always meet privately with a bunch of hand picked white guy supporters and act like it's a town hall?
*raises hand* excuse me... I'm one of your constituents. Will you listen to me? *tilts head*
Listen?  Yep, nice job Senator
Your"constituents" are the American people. We want the the Graham-Cassidy bill. You can't leave the Un-ACA as is. Give it to the States.
Hopefully your constituents will convince you to vote YES!
Nice recognition of #InternationalDayofListening @ListenFirstProj @Listenup2016
Hope you recommend some ideas to make health care better instead of complaining
Medicare or supplement doesn't help when medicine to treat is 5 grand that has to be stopped as well
Everyone in Maysville is an old white guy?

Wow, bet it's a cultural treasure.
As you know being in the medical field some doctors will not cure you because insurance don't pay for the treatment that's not good

Its Michele again. Begging for money please help with my needs! Im trying... https://www.gofundme.com/looking-for-somewhere-to-live?pc=tw_mu …
RAND THE ONLY PERSON YOU HEAR IS YOURSELF..# obstructionist
It does not matter if you listen but cannot hear.
Do us ALL a favor, we want Obama n all his back stabbing buddies in prison!! Get Sessions off his butt and put them behind bars
Thats kind of your job
Pass the healthcare bill!
Vote FOR bill if for no other reason but to defund the killing of babies PLEASE vote for Cassidy bill!!!
You mean donors?
Do not blow this opportunity to begin unraveling Obama Care. Not perfect but a start. Vote YES.
Obviously they don't care about small businesses and the massive cost of Obamacare or you would do something about it like NOW!
Senator Rand, I'm a fan, but you look like you are telling them rather than listening.
What do you do with what you hear?
All you do is in theory. You aren't able to translate anything into votes. Become a teacher if you want to stay in the world of theory.
Get the repeal done  get the amendments you need put into the bill. Hammer out a deal! Do your job and Get it passed by Sept 30th MAGA
please stop supporting Obamacare and vote for anything better.
Stand your ground Rand and vote NO on the healthcare plan.  You know this is not the right bill and doesn't do what you promised.
But do you actually listen?
Good idea
You must not be a very good listener? Or you only invite people who agree with you?
It would be nice if you would meet with women, POC. A *public* meeting would be good, too.
That won't happen.
Nobody cares, Ayn
Please cooperate with the Senate and get rid of Obamacare. Take the first step and gradually we will get our healthcare where it should be.
Are there any Maysville residents who aren't white males? Just curious, Senator.
I am sure that if any minorities wanted to go to that discussion they could have, there is not a specific quota to races for thing like this
Still, if a concerted effort isn't made to include various voices and perspectives, it is hard to argue that the senator can hear concerns.
@RandPaul because of your obstruction you will NEVER  get my vote in a national election
No vote on HC bill. I am sure these guys have women or parents in their lives who depend on them to do the right thing .
I noticed they were invited guest only ! Fraud !!
It appears to be more of a business meeting, not a round table discussion with your constituents. Everyone should have a voice at the table.
All white men, such a representation of the demographic of the U.S.  That's okay
You won't agree to disagree !
Vote with the republicans and do not let Kentucky down!!  You were voted in to stand with Republicans not the Democrats!
Hmm, not "work" with the democrats.  No bipartisanship?  That ideology is the problem.
If you're not from Ky then talk to your own reps. Paul was voted in to represent not his own personal viewpoint,it will be his last stand
Doctors are being forced to sell their practices to monopoly hospitals. #JustRepeal
Please don't pass this health care bill just to accomplish something or satisfy the republican base.
Too bad there's no diversity at the table reflecting the population
Stay strong. Vote No on Graham-Cassidy!
What a concept. Serving his constituents.

Work with Senate and fix HC by next week
Yes please REPEAL the individual and corp mandates if nothing else
Sen GRAHAM claimed? Last chance to repeal OBAMACARE, you claimed is not REPEAL? Which is it?
I don't agree with you on a variety of issues but appreciate your honesty. You always put America's interest, the way you see it, first!
Was one of their issues that tie?  No Rand.  You are better than that.
Don't be a wimp. Voter G-C yes. If you want an Ayn Rand Paul system later then introduce it and get the votes for it.
There should be more of this.  Thank you for being such a good example of being a statesman and not a politician! 
Those include repealing Obamacare. Do so.
What about some Town Halls,  Rand. GOP love 2 post
Pics of Round Tables & invitation Only luncheons & breakfasts. That's NOT YOUR PUBLIC
Hopefully, they scolded you for not being on board a Ocare repeal and replace - #GrahamCassidyBill is 100x better than what we have
You look like youre showing them how Trump gropes women.
Wow, what a shock.... a member of our government is listening to the needs of a room full of old, white men.
They're the majority in Kentucky and are generally more inclined to participate in politics due to their interest.
Great now present your bill so we can compare instead of bashing the current bill that's not yours.
Doesn’t look like a  round table 
Seems you vote no on everything.Do you even vote 'NO' when it comes to your own pay raises ?
You can easily look that up
Another land of diversity. Well done Rand.
Vote for new HC bill.....good bill.  American's need relief badly. Keeps Pre-existing conditions, repeal&replace~HCpools/ across state lines
#StandWithRand
COMPROMISE SENATOR 
VOTE YES ON NEW #GrahamCassidyBill
"Round" Table.  Rectangular table?
Randy Paul IS bad for America
Oh yes randy, I'm sure you'll listen. But you get things done in Congress like bernie sanders.
I'm not sure I've ever heard of you visiting Middlesboro or Bell County.  But perhaps you have and I am unaware.
Needs moar model airplanes.
Who the fuck dressed you? Good Lord.

Build the #wall
