Warmongers do, what warmonger do best & that is WAR. Different excuses same result, destruction plundering killing & cleansing the f native
John McCain is staying alive just to check Rand Paul
Hit NK NOW don't wait for them to fire. No one else with Nukes goes around threatening others. He wants it. Give it to him.
He will need all the inches he can muster.
Well Bush Jr actually sought congressional approval even after #AUMF. Obama didn't.

"The power to declare war is fully and exclusively vested in the legislature"-James Madison

Congress legally cannot cede that power anyways
When government shirks its duty somebody has to act. This time there is a difference POTUS has American  .
Oh.Come on.No matter what THIS  does, he's just another big . @justtish7
Oh, & nice to see you liked & retweeted your own tweet, loser
Should have been done on09/12/2001.
That's when #AUMF was implemented . Right after 9/11.
Short lived...
Technically there hasn't been a proper Congressional declaration of war since WWII.
@RaulieGonzo
Senator please use Senators Names rather than the Label 'neocon' It would be nice to know the people you speak of.
I don't see him use term Neocon in article.  But, you know them by their acts/votes McCain, Graham, Cotton.......
I hope Senator Paul will use their names!
Unbelievable
NOTICE THEY ONLY HANDCUFF THIS PRESIDENT
#StandWithRand
I thought the declared war with our constitution!
see? bluto dicks is soooo fixated on their peepee..totally psychotic to be top house dick..shitting Earth and life full up for gain.FOOLS
He should've been President
Should declare war on that hairdo
#NoMoreWars #FreeJulian
Bombs will still fall on people today one way or the other. But if it means an end to executive power to start wars, why not?

George Washington: "The constitution vests the power of declaring war in Congress; therefore no offensive expedition of importance can be
I agree it IS the responsibility of Congress (it's the law). However, the Gutless Wonders DO NOTHING! !!!

I stand with Wikileaks and Julian Assange ALWAYS
Figures that it's not a defense industry Democrat finally forcing a vote on this
Should be bipartisan and unanimous. 
When did anyone on the Left stop working for peace? It's the clearest indicator that the Democratic Party is not OF the Left
Issues of US endless wars are so crucial to life, ecology/environment, and to economy I'm tempted to throw support to Rand. FUCKING Dems
Already there, my friend. Join me. #IStandWithRand They vote today. 202-224-3121
They'll slither out of that one I suspect.
Yesat least they are understanding that @RandPaul speaks for a cross section of centric voters - only their pockets care
The GOP is out to destroy Trump. They're globalists who hate 'America First' and hate "Make America Great Again" just like Democrats.
PEACE is more important than anything else. With no war, the tax cut is automatic....
Way wrong guy. Last formally declared war was WWII 1941...imperial decree since in the empire of endless war.
I disagree with US imperialism and our current foreign policy but I support @RandPaul in his goal to force Congress to actually vote on it.
Awesome! You go Paul!!
About time for #Congress to do their job in respect to Constitutional war authority. #RandPaul to be applauded for his unwavering defense!
More like 70 years!
By the way, a committee alone cannot extend the 9-11 mil auth beyond its ending. I am skeptical about leaving mid-east at this time however.
the defense authorization act 
December or January ? 2018

We could stop airstrikes today

airstrikes killed 100,000+ last 3 years
#RandPaul
DAA 2017 passed Nov 25, 2015

defense authorization act  December 2018

100,000+ killed / 36 months ~ 9000 more kills in 3 months
#RandPaul
Congress should be the authorizing agent for war. The problem is Congress doesn't DO anything! At least agenda wise. Take responsibility!
maybe that IS the point..'not do a thing' - just maintain status quo for the empire... while the wealthy grow wealthier ....
How is he defining 'war'
China better get there ass in gear and save there little brother from an ass woopin. USA strong makes this world a safer place. USA =

Good job Rand
Please don't!
What's worse is that both sides will band together to try and stop him
I don't always agree with rand Paul but he is true to his beliefs and not a lobbyist puppet. I respect him more than 99% of congress.
Couldn't have said it better myself.
Perfect example of never giving up on your principles. Thank you @RandPaul for standing up for us.
Sad to say, looks like Rand Paul is getting a Wash. D.C. suntan.
Sad to say, looks like Rand P
Collect their paychecks and the extensive privileges that we ate not entitled to.
Thank you rand!
They greatest speech on war since his father's "What If" speech.
Do it for you father Senator Paul.
Old timers remember the quaint notion of asking for a declaration of war.
We r ALL watching how the @SenateDems @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr @SenateFloor vote tomorrow! You can bet your seat on that. #StandWithRand
I hope you get your vote. Have a feeling a couple Republicans will push back with North Korea but Democrats won't because of 2018 election
Someone doing the peoples work.
make them vote! ake  take a position. there are $175,000.00 reasons why the should vote. oh yeah, one other reason, THE CONSTITUTION!
So war now has to go trhough congress. First president to abide by the laws of U.S in 15 years
That's in the Constitution. Trump has not asked for a declaration either.
Thank you, Senator Paul.  The constitution is a wonderful thing for America and the world when it is followed and respected.
Thank you @RandPaul for all you are doing!
A critical part of an American war doctrine.
Fascinating?????
