Didnt u once say the 2nd amendment was around so u could shoot government officials if they went too far?
No only if they become tyrannical, such as taking away people's right to bear arms.
Ivannnn... comrade! Where'd you go? Can't handle a real "debate" unless you've hacked the outcome?
If you think healthcare is a "right" or that the government refusing to provide it is tyrannical, you clearly lack the logic for a debate
Yeah! The constitution totally doesn't say you have a right to life! How did I misread that! Oh wait... you hate the 14th amendment, right?
Hey buddy, comrade, Ivan, I'll send u a link if u don't know ur amendments. All u gotta do is ask. I'll even get you the Russian translation
It's clear you are a troll. I did not vote for Trump nor am I a Trump supporter. I know the Constitution and it's pretty obvious you don't.
Cause like, troll or not, I'm currently reading the text of amendments (on the internet, shit!), and the right to life is totally in there
Godspeed praying for quick healing,
Hope everyone recovers. Nobody deserves this. Every now and then I think of sandy hook when I drop my kids to school. 
Glad you're safe. Scared to death when heard u were there.
A world treasure that terrorism failed to destroy.
Best wishes to all the Pauls!
a world treasure a world treasure a world treasure a world treasure a world treasure a world treasure a world treasure a world treasure
Finger cramp or WannaCry?
I figure the more I type it the less ridiculous it would sound.

I was wrong.
Don't worry. You do sound ridiculous.
Well, I'm using your words.

By proxy....
You're not allowed. Get your own.
I can do whatever I want in Trump's America lolololol
Can you update us on Matt Mika's condition? I'm praying so hard for him.
Pretty Sad that they followed your league. #GUNCONTROL
Guess you are right Rand.
Nice.  Who knew the second amendment would be used against Republicans not Democrats.
Awan Brothers, George Webb, told you about. There lies the key to making the Fake Russia collusion story go away. GOP needs a leader.
We're so grateful that Steve Scalise is improving and that you are ok! Praying for y'all!
Go win em sir!!!
where was the outrage when Gabby Giffords was shot in the head? When veteran was stabbed to death in Oregon?
Can you please pray for our president.  He lost his mind!!! And his Russian friends.   God bless all who serve and protect us!!
Save your prayers you better pray you keep your job
.@RandPaul
Thoughts, buddy?

#YouAreAtFault
#CongressionalShooting
Define free speech that isn't destructive and won't incite violence and make into law
did u run 2 your car and speed away during the shooting? asking 4 a pal.
https://www.operationveracity.com/mayflower-hotel.html …
Congressman Scalise is also in critical condition

You've YET to apologize for your reckless & inciting words that motivated that asshole to shoot Rep. Scalise & others.

Be a man.
Matt Mika or Scalise in critical condition?
WHAT YOU HAVE TO DO IS GET BEHIND YOUR PRESIDENT AGAINST THE COLLUSION WITH COMEY/MUELLER, MUELLER NEEDS TO STEP DOWN AS A FRIEND
Can you petition Aquabuddha with prayer?
Thank you senator for awknowledging Matt Mika
Prayers for all .....
#guncontrol #GunControl #SpinelessGOP #SpinelessRepublicans #GOPcomplicit #TrumpDumbestPresidentEver #TrumpRussia #TrumpKushnerCrimeFamily
Oh I thought you endorse shooting at government. This is on YOU!
.@Judgenap: Why do we have a Second Amendment? It's not to shoot deer. It's to shoot at the government when it becomes tyrannical!

.@Judgenap: Why do we have a Second Amendment? It's not to shoot deer. It's to shoot at the government when it becomes tyrannical!
I want to know when the US Park Police were equipped to be MediVac Operators with Gurneys too!  Absurd fake event!  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RwM7PYCsd4E …

It wasn't a tragedy. It was an assassination attempt
Prayers for all injured
Get back to work.  How do u have time to play baseball, esp w trump in the WH. #trumped taxpayers $$$$ funds the security & prolly uniforms
I'm glad you're ok!
This is ripe coming from the party that talked about Second Amendment remedies & tweet things about shooting at the government during Obama
Prayers for all.



glad ur safe!! it was nice to see so many w messages of unity for a change. That resonated w normal people!
Oops.
In fact, Sir, you were a hero! Your courage and response are not being lauded. We are all in grave peril, and we need you to speak out more!
As tensions build because congress is not doing their job. Sad for America! Sad for the families. Sad!
We are sad and praying as well, but this should be a wake up call and a reality of what all of us face cont.
People out here are mentally unstable. Angry about healthcare , tax reform and financial pressure while congress plays ball.cont.
The thought of something happening to many of our good, quality leaders is a sad thing. Grateful God had you all in the palm of his hand.
Also praying for all those who were there including you. It must've been very traumatic. 
We need more civics and morality education in our schools. Less PC, less moral equivalence & less ends justify the means.
Didn't you encourage stuff like this? I recall you encouraging people to shoot at the Obama administration
this is not nazi germany where when a party loses they get to take down the opposing party and their people.I have a right to be republican!
so how are you senators and congress people going to tone down the hatred against our presedent and our republican leaders?
I am glad that your safe rand.
My Rand ok?
So how is your statement about "shooting at a tyrannical govt" doing today?
Why would a Senator ever make a statement such as this??? Can't you see that it promotes USING GUNS as a solution? #GOP #NutCase #VoteHimOut
oh oh Lord God Almighty please heal Matt Mika, touch oh Lord with your healing touch and let him live and not die
Well, considering your archaic healthcare system, that's all they have.
When is the Republican Party going to unite against the Democrats and put a stop to their bull crap You all look scared of them Grow Some
So glad others safe. Prayers for Rep. Scalelse and brave BLUE LIVES MATTER
I'd like to know where my freedom is Senator Rand Paul you say you pray
Hey hypocrite
You and your father are my heroes! Godspeed, Sen. Paul.
or participates in a staged propaganda event, coincidentally on Flag Day, to attack Free Speech!  Push 4 Re-Enact of Smith-Mundt Act Rand!
Remember when you advocate gun violence against the government? You got what you advocated for Randy! #GunViolence #GunControlNow
go away
So glad you are ok. Praying for whole team.
good guys i.e. bodyguards should have guns not crazies which are allowed to have guns the good guy did get shot fyi
Please take the left's threats and rhetoric seriously NOW.
that's what that staged event was all about! Coincidentally on Flag Day, & hrs later MSM push the Agenda against Free Speech
Why don't congressmen carry? In today's day and age I can't imagine not. I do everywhere. #2ndAmendment #ComeTakeEm #Seewhathappens #MYright
Praying for those injured today in the shooting. Very grateful that you were not hit sir, @RandPaul . You are a patriot. Keep it up! #MAGA
Prayers for Mr.Mika
Oh gosh prayers out for these innocent patriots
Why do we have a Second Amendment? It's not to shoot deer. It's to shoot at the government when it becomes tyrannical!
11:48 AM  23 Jun 2016
Do you feel responsible for today's tragedy after your call to "shoot at the government when it becomes tyrannical!"?
Senator, I think today's assassination attempt may have been orchestrated to include you bcz of the nuclear option in the senate. Be watchfu
As a fellow Republican and supporter of POTUS ... please stop with the unheard prayers and take action instead.
Glad you are safe.  You need your own security detail.  Your too important for this country
I'm sure the families of the three shot and killed today at UPS in San Francisco could also use thoughts and prayers!
Also @SteveScalise who is still in critical condition.
Rand Paul is one of TWO senators who voted against Russian sanction restrictions today. I wonder why? https://www.operationveracity.com/mayflower3.html 
go away
https://www.operationveracity.com/mayflower3.html 
What will be done about lies told by Left #MSM AND legislators who stoked one of their own to commit violence? #VirginaShooting
"why do we have a Second Amendment? it's not to shoot deer. it's to shoot at the government when it becomes tyrannical!" - Rand Paul
Prayers
What is going on 2 that hospital? #RepSteveS and then #M_Mike went from Stable 2 Critical? DID @HouseGOP @SenateGOP CHECK Doctors & staff?
I'm so glad your okay.  We need to do something about the left.
 glad you are ok!  2 all. Prayers 4 R  2!
Maybe in the future your friends would appreciate you not being so loose with "shoot at tyrannical government" spew more than your prayers
Thank you for mentioning Matt Mika!! None of the news channels are.  He is a Michigan native and we are praying for him here.
Thank you for acknowledging that there are more than Scalise!
Alex Jones says this was a false flag operation and never happened.
I believe this was a wake up call Rand. No more bs let's #Maga we need to get this rhetoric bs under control. #Alexandria pray for them.
So glad you are safe... Praying for all of you and your families and especially those that were shot...
I said a prayer for Matt Mika and his family . I am sorry that you are going through this and just know that you are in Many ppls thoughts
.
I thank God for your not being injured today.  Also, thank you for your votes today and yesterday.
Yes he and Scalise both are critical. Thankful you and the others were saved Capitol Police are hero's.
Glad you made it Rand. Prayers for everyone involved.
Jesus says to him, "Return your sword into its place; for all those having taken the sword, will perish by the sword.
Yet a 60+ year old grown ass man who supported the Bern (who speaks about death) should know how to control his sick mind.
Glad your safe

.@Judgenap: Why do we have a Second Amendment? It's not to shoot deer. It's to shoot at the government when it becomes tyrannical!
Glad you are safe God bless
Alt-Universe left: 27K/yr. killed by "Gun violence," How many lives SAVED by brave, responsible, licensed citizens? Heard 1.2M...?
Like a good "Dr. in the house" responsible American citizens licensed 2 'conceal & carry' SAVE lives.Put out stats.God Bless Capital Police.
My prayers are with you Sen Paul, and all those who witnessed this incredible injustice. Hold accountable politicians who incite violence.
Prayers   glad you're ok
Why did you vote against sanctioning Russia ?
Glad you're safe, Senator.
We are praying for all injured..Glad you are ok. God Bless!
Glad you escaped unharmed!
Playing softball on a work day...SMH
Lord, place Your healing hamds on those shot today & restore them & give peace & comfort to their families & wisdom to their doctors.
Nice prayer..
How did the shooter know about the gathering? The answer will bring the responsible party
Prayers for you too, Senator.
No one should ever have to experience a day like this one.
All are thankful you're safe and sound.
Thank God most are ok and we will ABSOLUTELY pray for the victims.
Beyond tragic!  Senseless.  Liberals need to stop the insanity.
Thank you for the update. We will continue to keep all in our prayers.

Amen! He and his family in out prayers too
Thankful you are OK prayers for the injured
so glad you're safe 
amen
So glad you are ok.
My prayers are with Mr. Mika, family and medical team 
@TylerMikaa. There are a lot of us praying today. I'm so thankful there were armed good guys there too.
Keep praying, it sure seems to be working lol
Praying is not enough...they tryed to kill you for God's sake 
Do something to stop them before it's to late 
Praying!?
We are praying for the brave police officers' people.
Praying for all involved, including you, Dr Paul. Such an unbelievable tragedy.
Mr. Paul, please revisit your originalist view of gun ownership. Thanks.
http://scalise.house.gov/press-release/combatting-human-trafficking …
Steve shooting has to do with goung after the pedophiles. It all lines up
https://twitter.com/SDrinsinger/status/875141220074496000 …
SEND THIS TO SESSION AND FBI. NYT GAVE OUT WHERE YOU WERE THIS MORNING. THIS CAME OUT ACOUPLE OF DAYS AGO
https://youtu.be/hLZG5o73MS4 
@jeffsessions @FBI @RandPaul @tedcruz @realDonaldTrump
#StandWithRand...Lord please let us keepem givem strength n be withem makem better AMEN. God blessem
Still remember your blabbering about the need of guns to use against a tyrannical government. Shame on you
Very happy you are unharmed Senator Paul!!
No thanks to him
Why would you say that?
My prayers are with him and his family
We play to all together. Thank you sir. 
Us too Rand. 
according to latest reports @SteveScalise is also still in critical after 2 operations.  Pray for an end to the hate spewed on cable as well
Happy you are safe and sound. Horrible incident; hard to believe this has become acceptable.
Thinking of what could of happened makes me sick. We need to find away to stop all of this nonsense. There is a reason you all LIVED!!!
I appreciate the support.
#GodBless #ThoughtsAndPrayers
How's this tweet working out?
This is the dumbest of all the hot takes to come out of this. And that's saying a lot.
Enough praying,kill em.
Glad u are OK sir.
#TrumpTrain
Hospital releases a statement on their twitter
