I don't care about arms deals. I want to hear you support across the board tax cuts, the budget, infrastructure and repeal replace Obamacare
I totally agree, Glenn!  Repeal & replace..
No it is not.
Oh, 198,000 a Day ! Big difference
Thank you, Senator Rand Paul!
Saudi Arabia broke it, they should send in ground troops and ease the suffering of these people. Instead of multiplying it.
WE ALL HAVE TO WORK TO STOP THIS KILLING FROM THE ARMED FORCES OF 'THIS COUNTRY'
I guess you would rather die!
We are nothing but collateral damage!
At same time you want to take Healthcare away from millions.
Obama did! Cost to much, if Care center accepted it at all!
It's funny. Now the paid trolls can't even speak English.
Obama gave away $ 500 billion to Iran. Would have helped w/ health care!
i see. the troll budget defo went down!
What's wrong didn't get any dick last nite?
Don't answer, too many idiots on here. I'm off! Suck hard!hahahHaaaaa
Hahhaha oh, paid troll getting angry. Don't yiu have a protocol for that? 
You also believe that healthcare is a privilege not a right. Did you forget your Hippocratic oath? My dad hasn't & never turns patients away
Hug your dad extra for me on this day of  hearts!
"Not all treasures of the  could induce me to support offensive war--I think it murder"-Paine #MilitaryIndustrialPsychosis of #MICdeathCult
All wars are murder for profit.  No ifs and buts.  
Disgusting one has to point this out to so-called civilized people
Nowadays seems so regarding USA, esp from BushSr onward #MICpsychosis of #MICdeathcult--waged w/ borrowed 
#neochickenhawk #warmongers
Yemen is not innocent in this Senator!
They're so guilty they deserve thousands of dead children, famine, and a cholera epidemic...?
Someone rooting for the people that drove a plane into the twin towers killing 3,000 American Terrorists. 
This is why people should vote for you! Next President! No one is perfect of course but you did n say thing as no one else say or do!
Could you extend that to people who need healthcare in your own state?
Could you not see that HC for 1st world countries and war crimes perpetuated against the innocent in 3rd world countries are diff topics?
I can see that my Senator has voted time and again to let people like me die, I would like him to give at least one fuck about my life.
Senator Warren fan, I see.
https://www.facebook.com/Reason.Magazine/videos/10155041833334117/ …
Keep opposing these arms sales to other countries. If this is how we promote jobs, I am opposed to it.
Well that and Saudi Arabia is full of people who want to kill us.
Don't like SA but you r incredible hypocrite- compassion for supposed victims of war crimes but piss on poor Americans with health care need
Blame pres. carter for this war in the middle east and Iran, 1979, thank Clinton for north Korea, thank the democrats for hate.
And why are they bombing Yemen? I used to have a friend there on Facebook. Is it because of Oil?
This situation is appalling and we should not making billion dollar arms deals like every president has with their poor human rights records
Thank you, seriously!
We should not be selling arms to anyone.  We are complicit to civilian deaths.  Shame on us.  #OurRevolution
Shared on Facebook. I urge everyone to educate themselves about this horrific humanitarian crisis that the U.S. is highly complicit in.
Like your father, I feel that sometimes you take too short a view.
I don't understand how you such a walking contradiction. Because you can throw away millions of people by getting rid of DACA
Thank you Senator....humanity needs people like you...

#I_speak_for_Buthina
Then why do you want to take health care away from Americans, Senator Ayn-Rand Paul?
For once I greed with @RandPaul
I agree. CIA arms deals need to stop too.
ppl are still the same players, as before and they don’t know history.  If we don’t get out of this with Trump’s leadership-USA is doomed.
experiencing it in Europe and in most of the world today.  All of the same players are here.  History is repeating itself, because the
experiencing it with Obamaism and what he did to the USA on our own turf.  He has turned us into Germany in the 40’s ….  They are
God said  to me last night… we have slipped back 80 years in time when we were experiencing Nazi Germany and concentration camps …   We are
What is horrible is man's inhumanity to man.  There will always be conflict here on earth unfortunately.
Wha about Israel crimes , I think the cat ate your tongue 
Saudi Arabia bought it with its money. This is business. But Israel gets it for free from you, Senator!!
That what's is wrong with you, you think of people who have nothing to do with this country why don't you move there and help them!
Agreed
Happy Labor Day, Rand!

R these the weapons that were being run thru bengazi that caused the 'riot' & our guys 2 b killed
Does that mean ur going 2 finally stop the Saudis from having slaves in Virginia its disgusting & the US State Dept has known about it 4 yrs
If you are so humane, are you a co-sponsor of the BRIDGE Act, Senate bill 3542? Congress must act. #DACA
It nothin 2 do w the other Saudis r importin slaves in2 our borders & ur talkin bout illegals which requires a more nuanced law than current
Well-stated Senator Paul! One can support policies to promote peace, life, AND prosperity.
look at the @CIA. @nytimes I'm disappointed you have not run this story #sad. @POTUS might have a point..
https://trud.bg/350-diplomatic-flights-carry-weapons-for-terrorists/ …
please open an investigation into the @CIA for using 350 diplomatic flights to arm ISIS! Illegal under Patriot Act
The war in Yemen was always a US inspired war, just like Libya, Sudan, Somalia, Syria, Afghanistan and Iraq. When will it stop!??
Thank you sir. Me too
@fidahindawe @nytimes I am sure there is a lot you and similar humanitarian senators can do to stop this massacre
Thank you senator for standing up for human lives, something that we should all do @SenJohnMcCain @SenBobCorker @nikkihaley @SenKamalaHarris
Thank you Senator Paul! Yemen appreciates your stand.
Senator Paul, is there simply no way to eliminate lobbyists?  I'm sure I am being naive to even entertain such a thought, but if only.
Thank you Senator Paul! Yemen appreciates your stand.
Make it happen

One million signatures to end the war on #Yemen. Please sign and share. It's in English & Arabic. #StopTheWarOnYemen https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSct0xZoUpNUhDPLzAamPXr2Sq-PN-EeGdZ_eWKx-7p7k3xUXw/viewform …
satan fears this man so much, I hope the Blessed Mother raises Rand Paul up real high because he’s always set aside.


Thanks Rand. The Yemen genocide is being done by the US supplied arms. It is the forgotten war where children have suffered to their deaths.
Thank you Senator @RandPaul. This is Buthayna of Yemen ,the loneliest child in the World who lost her Mama, Papa, brothers, sisters .
Respect

True about human life. What about DACA? So glad I woke #nvrRepubagain
Human life is not expendable. Agreed. Why oppose universal health care? Is it only expendable when it is money out of your pocket?
Good jop sen. Rand
I agree Rand, stay strong. They will never understand.
This is unequivocally WRONG!!!
Interesting admission from a guy who supports perpetual war to help fund the corporations that bribe him to do it. Lobby money IS a bribe.
Why don't you resign so the state can put a real republican in your place.
People across the goblal support ur position
The war must not only come to an end but also the criminals have to be punished
This is really sad and should break all of our hearts. Why isn't this a bigger story?
Got to jerk the leash harder.
Jerk the leash on the Saudis I mean. We sell them arms with specific conditions. If they abuse our terms they're cut off.
I agree
Did you also oppose Obama's Iran deal and Clinton's deal with Russia?
But u seem ok with human trafficking.  Odd.
I am against any arms deals to Islamic countries. Islam is not our friend, tho it'll pretend to be to serve its interests. Don't be fooled!
We have no right to make demands of other countries when our own house is a shambles. We don't like the UN telling us how to run our country
We cannot stop the Waring, raping and murder of innocent lives unless we are willing to go in and do the same.
Nearly every country in the middle East have been at war almost non stop since the beginning, they fight over land, rules of Islam,
Slaves.
Thank you for posting this Senator.
Saudi arm sales that support the air assaults should stop.
Typical republican, typical RICH conservative. Not making sense!
Thank you for the "heads up"
#StandWithRand
What about ABORTION?
Do you oppose us-israel arms deals too. Because human life is not expendable
American-made weapons should only be in the hands of American armed forces!
You're one of the few honorable men in our Senate.  Please continue to raise your voice over such events and actions.
Saudi Arabia is not our friend
Their countries so called leaders are at fault as well. Stop blaming We the People of messes shadow govt & deep state create for greed power
Sad. Please work to stop this, @RandPaul
Get rid of roe vs Wade abortion is murder and wrong for America.
Yes, Senator. It's the right thing to do.
Okay, so Iran will be allowed to march across the Islamic world unopposed?
And we must stop NK's smaller, more powerful, half-cocked global nuke program!!
Heartbreaking
Hope you can find help for the children  in this mess.  This makes me sick
Sadly, Yemen has been there own worst enemy. Outing helps ministries and Christian aid workers over a decade ago.
A I don't understand what Rand Paul is getting it he doesn't want us to arm our friends just as make sense
Neville, sometimes we must kill in order to save, like cancer.
Can Saudis be expected to favor U.S. over their "Brotherhood" Ideology? NOT! We keep giving, and they keep getting. Something's wrong here.
But u don't opposed to IRAN deals so for my is a double standard Mr. Senator
Rand Paul does not want US to have health care go figure Americans last with this guy
And yet your own people can't have healthcare
Of course they can
You didn't with Obama and Iran.
Thanks but are you the only one down there in congress apauld by what's happening in Yemen?
Thank you for exposing this
And as a DR you know there is times when you have to sacrifice a limb to the the body! War is ugly, hard decisions are sometimes necessary!
You oppose every thing our president is doing and we the people oppose you thugs
U r right Senator. All we care about is the oil.
Why would you not help Saudi assist in putting down rebel forces tied to known terrorist groups?
Thanks for posting this Senator.  Something to consider.
Then why do you oppose universal healthcare?
Why the hell is the NYT just now talking about Yemen? Good people have been screaming our heads off for years. Hate you NYT.
I support @POTUS but I oppose giving arms to any country that believes in world wide Sharia law which is threat to our constitution
You are the only one with brains in that congress
How does the world let the atrocities of Yemen continue?  Women and Children are being slaughtered by our tax dollars funding the Saudis
The United States should not arm countries which legally kill humans for becoming non-Muslim..
You insult us with this photo of Muslim babies. Better to put a photo of Isis soldiers beheading innocent people.
But you oppose health care for Americans?
If American's knew the truth they would feel the same. Yemen, Syria etc.
Incredibly sad, get us out of there. Please 
and U oppose also Iran, and Gov created by Iran?!!!
"Government" created and replicated itself everywhere on the planet. Precisely no where is where government does not exist. Point?
GOD BLESS YOU @RandPaul ♰
I like you and your dad

He has the constitution and you knew it
Oui   Il faut que les U S  fassent arrêter cette stupide guerre au Yémen.
درود به شرفت
Peace be you
humanity exists everywhere, it has never been specific to a place and a time
War, war never changes
education fail world wide RESTORE THE REPUBLIC FIRST! EVIL WILL LOOSE
Who was opposing the iran deal?
کاش روزی،نابودی #ژن_خوب ها بر بقیه رو عید بگیریم نه سربریدن حیوانی بدون دفاع
حق مسلم دانشجویان #دانشگاه_نفت رابدهید.
I pray the LORD gives you wisdom to do the right thing. Supporting a racist/evil heartless Prez is wrong path.  You will be judged. #DACA
I don't feel much sympathy for terrorist countries.
Every once in a while you get it it right, Rand.
I support any action that calls out Saudi Arabia as what they are: Warmongers.
I do not like most what you support, but this is step forward
I just want to give that little girl a hug and take care of her. This breaks my heart.
Run as an independent screw the Republican party. Trump won by convincing voters, have a good message and don't lie...or get caught
its ok to kill babies here BS - worry about giving money for that first
Yesss. Now, support Single Payer 
So we can confuse the useful idiots by conflating "negative rights" with "positive rights" like Bernie does? No thanks.
You're named after the guy who makes maps.

No child should have to endure this all for power children should never suffer all because people can't get along
Every child is precious...
Interesting, given you are perfectly happy with taking away our healthcare
Then pay for your own. Don't rely on the government. They suck at everything they do.
'Everything'?
Name one thing they do efficiently
1/x It would be inefficient for all 50 states to organize a proper national defense and foreign policy, to manage the US currency,
2/x negotiate international trade deals etc etc. I think the government should scale back its influence in some areas, im pretty sure the
3/x states could manage some things better. But to say the Feds can't do anything efficiently is just false
Reminiscent of Israel's Operation Cast Lead made largely possible by US arms sales and foreign aid.  At least the Saudis pay their ow way!
You need to go back to your practice. You suck as a senator...You're just 'another' RINO obstructionist...
But your POTUS sold a lot of planes and bombs to the Saudis during his trip. You didn't mention it then.
Never happen!
Do something for American 's for once!
You should have told trump before he prayed to the Globe of light in Saudi Arabia
Uhm....Theresa May?
Thank you sir
If human life is so sacred than how can you a d your party justify taking health care away from those that need it the most? #ACA
“WE HAVE NEVER DONE ANYTHING MORE LOATHSOME OR DESPICABLE THAN WHAT WE’RE DOING IN #SYRIA.” Col Richard Black
“WE HAVE NEVER DONE ANYTHING MORE LOATHSOME OR DESPICABLE THAN WHAT WE’RE DOING IN #SYRIA.” Col Richard Black
#UNSC…
Pluralism? "WE?"  I have never and will never, endorse any of the STATES War Crimes. @RandPaul
Love you rand
Thank you for all you do senator
So get it done congressman! You hold the majority, appeal to @POTUS. He's compassionate & if agrees, you will have his support. #2waystreet
But you support the man that made the deal? Hypocrite.
Rand you only in this for your self so just shut up please.
We are all collateral damage!
U starve them with food embargo
U bomb their food trucks
U bomb their cities
U bomb their silos
& U Fly in AlQaeda
U starve them with food embargo
U bomb their food trucks
U bomb their cities
U bomb their silos…
Impossible to take him seriously, when he supports giving welfare to Israel to bomb babies.
Yemen was not starving till USA UK & Saudi Arabia decided to blockade & bomb their silos, food trucks & ports, not allowing ships to offload
Shouldn't have taken in  terrorist!
US State Sponsored Terror in #Syria
US backed Alqaeda rebels that attacked civilians in #Ghouta with Sarin Gas 2013
►Victims of US State Sponsored Terrorism in #Syria

It was US backed Alqaeda rebels that attacked civilians in #Ghouta with Sarin Gas 2013 
This is totally right - with your statement and with your name: AwakeAlert
You are an honorable man Senator Paul. Thank you.
Rand keep fighting us- saudi arms. Stop it now
Is that why you also claim to hate universal healthcare?
But you voted to repeal ACA 
Thank you rand Paul finally i got your attention. End this murder. We only have you and ted cruz
Ted Cruz is another AIPAC  Israeli puppet - a Deep State favorite
Really he seems to fight for good things to.
He says you're not a Christian if you're not fighting for Israel.
Ted Cruz could have turned out worse as US President

"Palestine Hasn't Existed Since 1948" - Ted Cruz
