@EliStevensLBWFL
And you still think that the route to prosperity is digging holes in the ground for coal.  Both feet still in the 18th century.
Kentucky, where the 13th amendment ending slavery was ratified .... in 1976.
My Pioneer ancestors were close friends with the Daniel Boone family. Why the Sheets boys grew up with the Boone boys. Happy Birthday KY...
Failed policies failed state
Failed marraige failed life .....so whats new with you?
A new high paying job as a liberal coastal elite benefiting from competent democratic policies.
>competent democratic policies

You mean scream and pout like a child when the left doesn't get their way? 
What's it like being poor? You must be one of the half of the county making less than $15 an hour.
Nope! Try again. You seem a bit retarded to being "rich".
If you are going to insult someone's intelligence, it helps to use gud English. 

Even blue collar dudes can afford a family in liberal USA!
Oh sorry! Been a long couple days, since i actually work for my money . Mommy and Daddy set you up good?
@RandPaul my friend @Isickaf is terminally ill and all he wants before he goes is a signed baseball from his favorite senator. That's you. 
Senator Paul, you have represented the people well in the bluegrass state. Please stay true to your beliefs.
God Bless Kentucky
You lie! All one has to do is Google and you'll see there are more USA citizens in green technology jobs, than in oil, coal, and gas jobs!
#KY225  HAPPY 225 BIRTHDAY KENTUCKY WE LOVE U    #StandWithRand
i hope they have enough common sense to vote you out of office. you claim to know more than the scientists; you dont. clown
225 years of breeding stupid people!
I'll have a little bourbon today
Doing a great job Rand, we are 5th in obesity, 2nd in smoking and 47th in education in a country already lagging behind other countries
Thank you Kentucky for giving us Senator Rand Paul. 
... and... 
F. you. Kentucky for giving us Senator Mitch McConnel!
Wow!
Great birthday present would be Constitutional Carry don't need a permit for open carry so y conceal carry tho
So sad you represent Ky in the Senate!
How many years of slavery?
Good luck reaching 226!
Definitely one of the worst 10 states
Dont forget about the racism there! One if the most racist states in the US & Mitch represents this state & opposes everything Obama did!
#RandPaul2024
Home sweet home.
We are not a state sir, we are a Commonwealth!
So how come congress did not vote on Paris agreement - it is our taxpayers money
Yes Happy Birthday to the Most Federally Dependent State in the country. Time to wean them off the federal money tree. DO YOUR JOB Rand.
Happy Birthday neighbor!! Your WV FRIENDS!
Happy Birthday, Kentucky!
Or is it "Commonwealthness"?  Either way, Happy Birthday!
Hope we celebrate as still part of the Paris Climate Accord!!
Is being a Commonwealth make us a State????

Kentucky would not be among the bottom bunch of states if it had bright politicians who knew how to attract innovation. 21st century jobs!
What a shithole.
It doesn't need to be a shithole.
Correct. Vote Rand out.
God I hate it when I "feel" one way but know the reality doesn't match. You must really know Kentucky well.
Lets celebrate, Im buying, nothing burgers today with scandal, corruption and fraud on it with some special covfefe sauce on top!
@marycage17 why do I feel the need to eat cake to celebrate tho
I'll have a piece of cake with a scoop of ice cream. Congratulations Kentucky.
You mean commonwealth-hood?
#WeareKY #STAND 
YOU AND OTHER REPUBLICANS NEED TO GET BEHIND THE PRESIDENT!! AND PUT A TIME LINE ON THIS RIDICULOUS TRUMP/RUSSIA INVESTIGATION.
Patriot!  Happy birthday
Lived one year at Ft Knox and lived Kentucky. All good memories!
20yr vet ashamed of @POTUS @VP @GOP @FoxNews you pit American against American spread lies support treason You embody all I fought against
.... and just as poor now as you were then.
