Just stop your attempted murder.
What about the mandate?
thank you for your hard work in Health Care!
Well we love talking about it. We will probably talk about it for another seven years before you just quit and put in single payer
Free market healthcare didn't work before. It won't work in the future. You're just wrong.
Get more people involved!
enough talk time to do
How about that dude that raised the price of AIDS medication 5000%. That is why the free market in medicine is dangerous!
No where on earth has a free market healthcare worked... stop selling these folks wolf tickets.
Wish Todd Young would do this in Indiana
Most health systems are virtual monopolies in most counties.  How can free markets survive in those conditions?
Is he insane? We had a free market in healthcare before the ACA! Does he have amnesia? It was horrible then, hence the ACA! #bipolarPOTUS
"Free Market" is a fantasy. Unregulated capitalism is cancer.
Free markets. Like how the Koch brothers diseregard environmental regulations as they  make billions
Remember in the GOP debates how Trump said he didn't know why you were even there? Now you kiss his ass.  Life comes at you fast.
I think everybody fought with everybody in the primaries
Not the way Trump did with personal insults and blatant disrespect
so true
And that is Rand Pauls fault...
No it's the person's fault that you are a bot for.
Repeal Lautenberg now.
You promised to get rid of the mandate.
To bad the other Sen. from Kentucky will mot let it happen. #establishmentgop
Please, just give me a couple examples of when a free-market system worked well. I think you're appealing to ideology & not practicality.
Thanks @RandPaul
Good ideas are only good if they are sellable. Get it a piece at a time.
Affordable, portable (allows mobile workforce as economy/jobs change), cover preexisting conditions, cross state lines, quality care access
In America, the term Free Market is an Oxymoron.
Keep up the fight.
#StandWithRand
we are with you...

Amen.  Straight repeal.  Let the free market replace.
The CEO's of Healthcare & Big Pharma do NOT need $30+million annual salaries at our expense!!
@DeanClancy  Thank you Senator Paul. These are the types of  open hearings which should be happening on Capitol Hill.
Free market only works with consumer goods. Freee choice of doc, paid by pooled taxes is better way to run health care system
Even a majority of Pubs support Medicare For All. Start representing the people and stop spouting unpopular rhetoric.
Thank you!  Proud you are still working, what about your so called leader? Please call him tell him you are ready to repeal & ..202-224-2541
Do you even understand the Healthcare issue? You must be best friends with Pharma Bro GOP is ignorant about Leadership you especially!
Enough talk...Let's see some action! Repeal #Senate & #House if they don't do their jobs! Most entitled people on earth paid for doing not!
Why are opioids still prescribed when they are so additive?
There is no free market in healthcare--if you are heading to ER with a brain bleed,you don't shop around. Crony politicians are our problem!
Does this mean ending medicare? It isnt a free market system.
when you talk capitalism and use public money it's what we call dictatorship.
I am ready and willing to help you with healthcare!  No quitting! @realDonaldTrump
It is not with anarchic points of view that a society can develop and prosper. Each for himself, is an anarchic doctrine.
The free market has never worked for health care.
Where is the rationale behind preaching for capitalism and the use of public money. it's people who elected you are to blame
Time to get your team together and get it done become the leader of the whole pack
Free market doesn't guarantee affordability. Healthcare cost 15x more than anywhere, medication is 10x more, hospitals 10x, doctors 10x more
Thank you for your integrity and for your steadfastness! Now, how do we get McConnell to step down? We need MOVEMENT by the Senate!
Free Market health care means insurance companies not covering people with pre-existing conditions. Disprove it if anyone disagrees.
finally big pharma crony status? thank you. they are killing people. they have ruined healthcare in the us.
you talk capitalism but the flavor of the public money to be used for capitalism is acceptable.
Capitalism generate your own money.
Single payer healthcare
Go get em Rand! We're with you all the way!
Sir, what is your opinion of Lindsey Graham's idea of block grants to the states rather than a federal bureaucracy for healthcare?
Sen do u  really think the free market will make health care not insurance affordable to all it didn't work before of course aca stinks.
Do you live in bunker you didn't see or hear the word in the street the will of people who are paying you.
All beautiful yet no Healthcare bill signed Mr.Senator.
How about answering 1 question?  Will you support our Nationally recognized and elected President ? A simple Yes or No  answer.
"His visceral response to attack people on their personal appearance, short, tall, fat, ugly, my goodness that happened in junior high..."
That's sad.  Why are these people asking a certifiable moron questions about a subject he doesn't give a shit about?
#ditchmitch
Medicare for all!
Senator if the public knew how truly corrupt this particular segment was they would revolt.

Tell us about a successful free market health care solution. You can't because it doesn't exist.
Premiums will rise also because of narrow market! Price gouging!
I can imagine! Now that there was no repeal&replace free market is going 2narrow more,big pharma w/hurt alittle w/holistic knowledge rising!
Have you looked into the co-op created by Josh Umber & Dr friends in Kansas? VERY impressive! GREAT solution!
Lots of Pharma donations given to congress folks...this dont help and skews decisions
Get behind Block Grant $ to States_ Bill. Take responsibility out Fed Gov. Fed Gov most inefficient body controlling tax $ @realDonaldTrump
In order to get to truly free market, we MUST remove employers as insurance-shopping middlemen. The principal-agent problems are destructive
Or we could go back like it was before Nixon made it healthcare a for profit Business
This the same pharma capitalism that told you to screw millions of Americans by repealing healthcare?
#RepealObamaCare
Every Hospital has Emergency funding for people who don't have insurance
Its time the @SenateGOP started supporting @realDonaldTrump and get something done for a change!
It's been McConnell's goal all along2 work w/Socialist Dems 2fix lie known as Obamacare.@GOP promised #CleanRepeal Stop vaca's #GetToWork
But Rand
Did you offer that in DC discussions on #RepealAndReplace ?
Please get back to DC and get Healthcare repeal and replace, I live in KY, we need this done now, also tax cuts, can't believe Senate on vac
How about the anti trust law violations?   Monopoly pricing by big pharma and hospitals?

Respectfully, Senator, what evidence is there that the market for healthcare can function effectively as a "truly free" market?
Because every other system fails and big government and healthcare monopolies don't want a truly free competitive market.
While I agree with the second half of your sentence, the first half is not responsive to my question and conclusory.
Why don't you get off your ass and start supporting @realDonaldTrump Record stock market & employment, Wages up! Time to start helping him!
Can u replace Mitch and get this done?
Looks like a pretty small audience .. let me guess, mostly your staffers and some hand-picked ass kissers? Yes, you know I'm right.
Obamas West Wing Week was paid for by us taxpayers to support Obama
Why not support the President's Agenda?
He's a plan - Everyone must have insurance but pools only have people the same age.  That way young broke people don't pay for the elderly.
Yes! The Swamp will never change due to the fact that they are getting their pockets filled. Corruption at it's highest!
Was everyone really impressed when you told them that unfortunately you would have to vote "no" on everything they asked for?
Ryan/GOP plan is to cut medicaid giving HUGE tax cuts to wealthy. You get a job washing their limos and a few $$ to keep us from complaining

Let us all buy into Medicare if we want to.  Private insurance is too expensive.
So many chances for America thrown away.   We could have had a better America with #RandPaul as president.  #IstandWithRand
The cucks in the GOP would have done everything in their power to block him, too. We need to #RepealAndReplace them.
#RandPaul would have educated the people,  who hold the real power.
He's one of the few there that has any sense at all. That's why I believe they'd fight him tooth & nail. We have to vote them out.
Agreed, but who is going to educate masses to vote them out? tRump? Mainstream media? Face book? The stump is truly best platform #RANDPAUL
It's true. Until this election, I didn't realize how many people don't understand our govt or how it works. Would  2 see Rand as Maj. Ldr.
#randpaul as Maj. ldr happen as that would be a vote of his corrupt peers. American voters are only way to empower Rand @ change direction

More talk no action!
