There are more jobs in solar than there are in coal....Keep lying to Kentuckians...That's what REpublicans are best at..
Jan Edmunds you are INSANE!! Step into REALITY and take a look at the much higher cost of installing and maintaining solar panels. Research!
I have solar panels, doll....yes, upfront cost is expensive, but long term, it pays for itself...no more costly gas & electric bills.
BS up front cost on solar is way too expensive to even consider a possible "savings." Solar is a joke. Maintaining the panels from breakage?
high quality solar PV panels come equipped with protective laminate, acrylic, or glass casing...I've had them for 10 years...no problems
You are full of BS
sure...lol
You are just another liberal dumocrat spreading your BS on here.
Paul also wants to raise the Social Security age 2 70 which would hurt coal miners most of all The global shift 2 clean tech is killing coal
Paul was one of only 12 senators 2 vote against that Energy Policy Modernization Act that called 4 spending $3B 2 develop clean coal technol
Paul voted last year AGAINST a bi-partisan $1.1T spending plan that included $30M to reclaim KY coal mines as well as $10M for job training.
Rand Paul hasn’t done a single thing or passed a single bill to help the coal industry, distressed coal counties or out-of-work miners.
I found this...
It honestly amazes me how one is elected by the people, keeps his promises to the people, and can be criticized by media for doing just that
promises to the people?  really?  only 53% of the electorate voted in NOV 2016, half of those voters voted for Trump..Clinton got more votes
More facts in the Presidents speech today than in all of Barry's eight years.
lol!  you said Trump and facts in the same sentence...Trump doesn't even know whats in the Paris Climate Agreement..
...Bravo to President Trump for putting America first!
he put his ego first...he just killed the planet
Good luck burning in hell Rand! 
Thank Scott for putting America's interests first!  #MAGA, next give yourself a tax cut my friend you deserve it!
DO IT, DO IT, DOOO IT
You are dead wrong on this issue. I've lost what little respect I had for you.  You are horrible for Kentucky.
WRONG
So pay him back and stand behind him on healthcare and tax reform!  Do your job.
You mean the welfare dying coal industry? Teach the dog new tricks and accept reality.
The coal industry employs fewer people then Arbys and the job literally kills its workers. Stop being so partisan stop lying to Kentuckians
Exactly.  The largest employer in Kentucky?  Walmart.  This guy and his Potus are super creeps.
Only people with jobs can shop Walmart the rest are there to shoplift!
how do you sleep at night?
Pretty good now that my job is safe.
He's another of the 21 follower accounts
Damn straight
Remember this statement when they take your insurance and give you black lung in return...
So proud. Thank you so much Mr. PRESIDENT.
how are we supposed to stand with rand when you'll just fall into line with what your party wants. You were supposed to be different
Blah blah. He's always fought for what he believes. Doesn't matter to him if trump agrees or not
pls Senator continue to educate the #liberals as they don't understand this "agreement" did little for #earth but harmed #AmericanJobs #MAGA
You're a troll account with no followers.
Ahhh racist liberals. It always comes out.
because I'm a black woman? nice. #RacistDemocrats
Id like to know why you find "liberals" racist. Yes, I tend to lean left but a racist..NO absolutely NOT. You are Republican-did I say that?
You have got to be fucking kidding!! Disgrace of a Kentuckian!  Maybe you should go work in the mines! Or maybe send your kids there!
We're quickly becoming a third world country with these types of decisions. America was built on progress. Now we're moving backward.
we were headed to 3 Rd world status under Obamas!
oh really?Obama left office with over 250k jobs monthly,the stock market at 20k record high,more deportation than all prez and 4.3%unmplymnt

If a poop emoji is your argument, you have no argument.
You're not a good person.
Senator,
After you retire, will you ride around with me in a golf cart and talk about the 21st Century American Awakening and drink beers?
how do you sleep at night rand
Like a baby
Which usually means not through the night. 
Just load it up on painkillers
what is wrong with you people
Senator we are so proud of what President Trump has done.
Yes! Thank you Sir!
Finally a president who cares about the people of OUR country!
@jess7719 @realDonaldTrump @FriendsofCoalKY THANK YOU SEN RAND PAUL MAGA
Coal is dead. Thanks for continuing to keep us in the dark ages!
One thing I disagree with you on Senator. Coal is dying naturally due to increased costs. The Paris agreement has no required regulations.
Except 2pay out billions of dollars from taxpayers over the next 5 years! 2who fly around the globe in their screaming the sky is falling!
That is nowhere in the Paris agreement.
You dupe. You will live to regret this.
See you in hell.
Senator, I thank you for boarding the Trump Train for this momentous occasion.  Now, Sir, if you could only stay on the Trump Train!!
Coal is deaddddd you need to save us Kentuckians another way. Fool.
SMH!!!! wat happen to u my nephew!!! Wat u taking? How did u change like this! SMH almost broke my neck. loco

So how about trump be president of Kentucky & the rest of the 49 states get someone else?
Um, HELL no. I live in KY and it's bad enough to have this imbecile and freak show Thomas Massie "representing" me.
Not sure what you would know about Kentucky being from Florida.
I get it. But you don't live here now.  And you don't know what it's like now. Of course, Florida has its share of opioids and poverty, too.
The coal jobs aren't coming back. Even the coal museum went to solar power.  They just keep lying to these people to stay in office.
You are quite literally smarter than this, Senator. What happened to your integrity?
He never had any to begin with. ...
Ouch! Remind me to never have an educated discussion with you!
What part of this is an educated discussion? A scientifically learned man with an oath to "do no harm" is celebrating actions against Earth!
@sship37011's comment is why I said I wouldn't want an educated discussion if the only reply would be an insult. This is my only qualm!
I understood that, just thought she had a valid point. The only way a scientist would do what this jackamole did is if he lacked integrity.
I agree Adam, alas I find characteristics like morality & integrity lacking in many people in powerful, coveted positions. Very sad!
Really Rand? It's not going to bring back a single coal job. Get real.
Thank you @RandPaul for working for Americans
I find it surprising you're an MD, and you don't care for patients' safety at all! What happened to the Hippocratic Oath?
You don't represent me.
Can we have a Pres who thinks about ALL of America n not just his fans? The world is laughing at us because of him n his dumb decisions!
@JKLindsay6528 @realDonaldTrump @FriendsofCoalKY Thank you for supporting our President Senator Paul
I really hope Paul gets on team and stays.

And we're out! Another campaign promise fulfilled. 
#ParisAgreement #winning #maga

What a bunch of short sighted nonsense. And you know it.
Thank you Trump!! Now we need ALL the senate to get on the Trump Train. Proud of you Rand Paul.
#trumpisfat
Like you a lot since you started backing POTUS.
'Cause imaginary coal jobs are more important than the real planet. #ParisAccord
More access for the non-crony capitalists to Trump's ear
I second that Senator
Selfish and short sided. Coal is a dying industry and you will soon see the price you have to pay
@TuckerCarlson 
Tucker says he found a Macedonian under hhs bed last night!  I'm almost afraid to look under mine.
@POTUS & yourself could protect Ky jobs by protecting our future. There is no future in coal. Even the industries agree. Renewables are key
How in the world do you believe leaving the accord is a good thing? Coal? Puhleeze. This is a disaster.
Yes!
Now go vote for healthcare!
I use to kind of respect you Rand but now I know you're a loon.
bcuz fuck Mammoth Cave National Park lets make Beech Bend into an ACTUAL beach right?? Who needs a clean earth burn dat coallllll
@Asians4DJT @realDonaldTrump @FriendsofCoalKY 
Finish the agenda #LowerTaxes 
#CompleteRepealOfObamacare #SmallGovt FIGHT FIGHT
Rand, coal will not rebound.  What are you talking about?
Even the coal companies want us to stay in the agreement! DO YOUR JOB!
Now HELP HIM GET TAX REFORM!!
NUESTRA NACIÓN TIENE MUY BUENOS HOMBRE Y MUJERES Y EL MEJOR PRESIDENTE D ESTÁ DÉCADAX AMÉRICA MAS GRANDE OTRA VEZ!!!
Yeah that oughta work out great for KY. Looking forward to the big return of Big Coal. (It's just ahead, we've been promised.)
Would have liked for him to mention the names of the countries not contributing.
Thank you Senator for standing with our President on this issue!
#Back Potus
Solar is much cheaper than coal, and will keep outpacing until coal is replaced. You are perpetuating falsehood for political gain.
There is no such thing as clean coal. My hubby was a Locomotive Engineer for 31-1/2 years NO  such thing
EXCELLENT!!!!
RIGHT ON @RandPaul 
You fool, I used to have a shred of respect for you, no more. You are now part of our national embarrassment.
Keeping his promises to the Americans that voted for him..he will go down as a 1st in history to do so!!!
Well its a Democrat scam to shake down Americans and give to poor countries that will waste the money. Unless you're a dummy you hate this
WTH are you thinking?
#AmericaFirst
 We're no longer going to be the Sugar Daddy for other countries...
Still trying to recover from the bad deal we got January 20
Disappointed in you man.
Thank you, Senator Paul, for your honesty and integrity.
Isolationism does not work Senator. China loves you.
Senator Paul is an Honorable Man!! Where are the Rino's Thank you's for this POTUS ??
You are so misguided. This is not a good thing. It will not save 6 million jobs.
Thank u Rand, let's support our Prez, get tax & healthcare done, now. T Senate had 8 years to get their act together

Thank you Rand Paul for showing support for POTUS and for the ppl in your state ! Can you kick Marco Rubio in gear to do the same for Fl .
I'm beyond proud of my @POTUS
im officially done woth you Rand. I actually voted for your dad.
This is great. Now get to work & do something.
I'm disappointed that he's talking about re entering it with conditions. No conditions make this a good deal. #climatechangehoax
Ty Senator Paul for standing with President Trump!
Thank you. #pittsburghnotparis
Why don't you go spend a week in the mines?
Please sen Paul I am asking you as one who voted for you help push President Trump's agendas through! I believe in you! I believe in Trump
Kept his promise now get in board & help him w his agenda. Rand are you listening  ?
What kind of a moron uses energy that pollutes when the sun( an almost unlimited energy supply with no pollution) is available
Obama did this without congress in agreement! It also is ridiculous on climate change and I hate to tell you the jobs are not in alternative
You do know that coal is a dying industry.... Kentuckians would not have lost jobs because of Paris Agreement.  Many ways to cut emissions.
Let the energy industries succeed or fail in the market, not by government regulations or subsidies.
If Michigan can survive the collapse of the Auto industry Kentucky can survive going to cleaner energy. #ClimateChangeIsReal
@RandPaul While you're at it, bring back Fotomat jobs. Those people got fucked over bigger than coal. #EffYouNaturalGas Yours truly, Coal.
I don't think this KY jolly will be enough for the Pacific Rim #Jobs
I'd like to see you two nimrods grab an axe and go dig coal for a day or two. then talk about how awesome and futuristic it is
Amen
LIAR
BAD for the AMERICAN worker and family
GOOD for russians and chinese 
#ParisAgreement
Ahh Rand no one needs coal miners . They are obsolete. Train them to do useful work. Can't afford Rx for black lung anyway! Move on
Your golfing buddy's decision to pull out of the PA has nothing to do with protecting jobs in Ky, and none will be protected.
When you playing golf with covfefe again??
Yay!!!! I'm so happy the globalists lost a big one today!!
If President Trump kept the Paris Accord the media would be screaming like a stuck pig about how he broke his promise to his base. Jackals!
Nobody cares about coal anymore. Future job growth is in sustainable energy. Stop lying to your constituents. You're doing a disservice
Thx @POTUS we know it's all about money and it ain't going to the needy! Paris pollutes more than Pittsburgh #maga https://www.numbeo.com/pollution/compare_cities.jsp?country1=France&country2=United+States&city1=Paris&city2=Pittsburgh%2C+PA …
Yes put us in the rarified air with Syria and Nicaragua true leaders in world advancement, also coal is dying a natural death get real
even barbaric Syrian regime doesn't deny climate change is happening in front of their face. And Nicans didnt because it didnt go far enough
Nica guy, Paris  “We don’t want to be an accomplice to taking the world to 3 to 4 degrees and the death and destruction that represents.”
And he's not at all wrong on that - WITH Paris Accord we are all screwed, 4-6ft sea rise by 2020. My 175yo house in New Orleans is @3ft
#ParisAgreement was useless.
Let's hope Trump creates new environmentally safe & clean technology jobs to save our country 
#climatechange
Have we been deceived?
Trump, per a source, will follow the 4-yr rule to get out of Paris, meaning the US will leave on Nov 4, 2020.
Election Day 2020: Nov 3.
Ha! I will check if coal jobs in KY have come back!
U are the true son of ur daddy.
So your quite happy to send your fellow Americans underground to work in the filthy environment of coal mining with all the health issues!!
Thank you Senator for supporting our President's agenda
Halo
I'm a Kentuckian, pass the tax cuts Rand. Support our president!!!!!
You should focus on creating jobs for KY instead of focusing on the future of coal which is DEAD. Bring back #ParisAgreement
When are you up for reelection...I may make it a personal challenge to help unseat you.
Yay for Kentucky, boo for the rest of the planet. This really shows great leadership.
#MAGA at its best!
Today is a bright day when our president decided to do away with that nasty Paris Agreement.
Just keep eating the swamp slop.
Yes Thank You
Please move away from coal to save billions on health care due to increasing respiratory illness in America.
Hero of the stupid
Amen
Lapdog#3
Exactly what Kentucky Jobs? Hot dog sales at Rupp Arena while @UKCoachCalipari plays
You are smart enough to know that isn't true. Don't sacrifice your critical thinking to tow an ideological line. You're better than that.

You need to drop off the face of the earth
Kentuckian here, and Kentuckians deserve clean air! We need protection from Black Lung Disease!
I can't believe people are for this treaty, we can do a much better job and still protect the environment
@BGPolitics @FriendsofCoalKY AEP in Eastern KY tore down the cooling towers and converted to gas more than a year ago. Too late.
thank you for posting this, Rand. We all have to keep fighting together.
"Rand" in India is a hard core whore. RAND!!!!!!!!!!!!
No thank you for there's very little future in coal. Alt thinking is smoke screen & a lie.
Thank you @RandPaul for supporting the POTUS
You are just sick.
This is a poop sandwich
Just remember everyone. Don't vote for @RandPaul next election. Coal is NOT our friend. No such thing as clean coal! Disappointed WKU fan.
suck up
The Children of the world will suffer! You are all Mean Spirited People-no caring for life!
Rand Paul. Wake the fuck up.

coal is not a sustainable long term energy source. get your head out of the 1910s and think towards the future
Lol. The "future" for @GOP is 1955.
Coal is old school
History will not be kind to you, Senator. Lead your state to the future, not the past. It is your obligation.

Kentucky coal museum switched to solar power.
Yes it would be horrible to teach the people a skill for the future and provide them healthcare. #coalminersdo tneeddoctors
@potus intentionally and malisciously lied about Obama's birth certificate for years REALLY what more would one need to know? #Liar #RedDawn
LMFAO seriously? Not enough characters nor time to list out the wrongdoings of Obama and both Clintons whilst IN politics. Wake up!
And what? We deserve a honest president? Or you want next one to say - Trump was lying 70% of time, so I will not say truth at all.
And what? I can only go by what I see and so far the President has attempted to follow through on his campaign promises. They're all liars 
And that sucks. Learned lesson long time ago - sooner or later lier will lie to you and it will be painful.
YES!!!!!
This is awesome!! Not at all what you would have said last year! Support OUR President!!

Nice.
Now keep you're promise! repeal & replace Obama care. Cut my taxes and build a wall.
How much coal do you personally use; heat your home with it, cook with it, put it in your children's stocking at Christmas?  Is it the 1900s
It provides jobs to middle income families, that's all that matters.
Psalm 122:6 NKJV - "Pray for the peace of Jerusalem: "May they prosper who love you." Now, let's keep this promise of U.S. Embassy! 
Now that POTUS has shown his grit, what are going to do Mr Paul? Let's get to work and stop obstructing the agenda. LETS GO
