<-some lie, some tell the truth->@SenSanders
Yes, there's nothing more real than the compassion of Federal Government..
so corporations have done a great job@CR @RandPaul @SenSanders
You mean the corporations whom are backed up by the beauracrats you want to further empower? 
#I don't agreed with Sen. Sanders on this!President Trump has said,there will be a plan effect went Obamacare is repaled!
I am 100% for private giving. But food for thought: Is it enough?
>PolitiFact is unbiased
Oh sugar, bless your heart
I sure don't think Republicans are very compassionate to people outside their immediate acquaintance. Great to neighbors, cold to others.
#Dems MADE SLAVES of our children & grandkids w/ $20 trillion of #NationalDebt (aka #GenerationalTHEFT)& they talk Compassion?
Still getting it wrong JoeBob. Only way we make slaves is by not giving labor a share of the profits or choices. @CR @RandPaul
Find an employer with profit-sharing. Don't use the force of Government to fulfill your agenda.
Sure, that will work. @JoeBobMr @CR @RandPaul
If you don't like the way an employer runs their business then go elsewhere. We don't need more mandates.
That is great for you. I congratulate you on your individual success. But you're argument is known as fallacy of composition.
Hmm, I don't think you understand what that means. What was available to me IS available to others too. It's not uncommon practice.
If you stand at a concert, you can see better. Anyone can do same. But if everyone stands, you can longer see better. Get it?
# which American do you live in? I have never seen it who hurt you so bad?
English?
yes
physicians are compassionate. Hm, have you been to an ER lately?
Does Bernie smoke crack! Free drugs, Free college, Free healthcare, Free money, and Free work. Please get him a free haircut!
What the heck is wrong with these Dems? Nutty.
Why call it a smackdown? Shouldn't we be debating ideas, not equating a speech to a boxing match?
Thank you, Senator.
great job Sen. Paul
stop trying to relate Sanders' desire for guaranteed health care and education to the failings of an entire country.
Well, it's not as if budgets should matter, right?
of course it does, what does that have to do with comparing Bernie to Venezuelan socialism?
I thought you were talking about the failings of the U.S., not Venezuela. Although I doubt they're too good with a budget either.
Ex KGB warned vs leftists (1984) recom a very strong effort to educate people:  dangers of socialism https://youtu.be/vLqHv0xgOlc 
Bernie's day is over; Hillary destroyed it.  He should go home and spend a few days/years at peace before he dies.
A fine response to Sen. Sanders, and much more informed.
Yes, in the system we have, with heavy Government regulations, that is the case. Even pre-ACA.
take that , Mr. Freebie!
Bernie is like all the other socialists. Giving other people's money away and living in splendor.
Rand Paul > Bernie Sanders.
Likewise
Yeah, not so much. Thanks for playing!
good for Rand Paul.
yet nothing sanders said about poverty was inaccurate and you failed to address any of his points.
Like?
huh? what he said about poverty?
but only one cabinate member approval ? Who's winning? Dems 12 GOP 1
Yes, let's praise the obstructionist nature that Dems have been so fond of criticizing during Obama's term. Hypocrites.
Hats off to Congressman Paul has it occurred to anyone Bernie Sanders initials stand for what he spouts off about Bullshit(BS)

keep doing  it Rand Paul Dems r as phony baloney as the party they represent
call that brutal? Weak.
It's called click-bait.
Dear @SenSanders @BernieSanders How many Millions of dollars did you piss away on rigged primaries from compassionate donors?
- Thank you for putting things in perspective
Bernie is trying to make America great and Paul is just sitting there saying doctors are already awesome.
Yeah. Ok.
@BernieSanders #Shaaaazam! Eat it that feed it Bernie
you can't give the far left liberal's in inch something is seriously wrong with them
that's ridiculous. Rand is a libertarian, a childish philosophy mostly used to implement racist and classist agendas
Childish- like repeating something that's not true, like calling some1 a Libertarian even tho they state they're not?
It should have been you tomorrow,   Alas
We need to set the liberals back 40 years, our country cannot take anymore liberal policies.
Stop playing nice with the Dems. We have the numbers so push our Agenda. Elections have consequences.
knock the Hell out of that Liberal Bernie!
Nice! Sanders is a racist psycho, he needs to be in a mental institution!
Sanders the guru of American liberals.
Bernie needs to be like Hillary and slither quietly into the sunset.
Unfortunately, she hasn't "slithered" anywhere, except 2 secret meetings lobbying 4 Obama pardon tmrw for herself & CGI!
@bobco729 @RandPaul Paul was awesome, sanders off his rocker about health care, Rand hold their feet to fire, repeal, replace, Balance $
the more I hear from Rand Paul the more I like and agree with him. He has 2 problems; personality and height.
greatest personality of any Congressman (would love to have a beer with him).  Height shouldn't matter
you are probably right! He seemed so wooden & defensive during the debates. had the best ideas of the 17.
Well, he was different than all of them on-stage.
Bernie's idea of compassion is forcing other people to pay for things you want to spend that money on. On pain of imprisonment
GOOD FOR YOU RAND WE SHUD HAVE ELECTED YOU PRESIDENT 10 YRS AGO
great point
Sanders shld have immigrated to Soviet Union yrs ago. He hates this country and our compassionate culture. A sad human being.
