You're a total nut, Rand....just like your nutbag, tea-bagging father.  Seriously...Breitbart? WTF, dude?
While I support ragging @RandPaul  for the breitbart bit, don't drag @RepRonPaul  into it. Only modern politician with integrity to spare
Umm...Ron personally authored white power pamphlets & warned UN trying to invade US, dude. http://tinyurl.com/k6kmefu  +
So...if by "integrity to spare" you mean Ron Paul's a Nazi who thinks UN black helicopters are invading US, then yeah...he's got that.
Actually the US actually and factually gave the UN the right to serve on American soil. This wasn't a "conspiracy theory".
That's total right-wing, conspiracy nonsense.  You guys are comically ignorant hicks. Take off the tin foil hats & finish your GEDs, guys.
I have a MS in Engineering and I minored in Physics. Am I southern? Yes. A hick? No. Ignorant? No. Best of luck to you. You'll need it.
If you actually think UN troops are going to somehow operate on US soil, then you're comically ignorant, you clownish conspiracy nutbag.
Kind of like we want to see Trump's tax returns and how the Obama care replacement bill is scored by the CBO?
How did the CBO work out for you under Obama?  Keep your plan, keep your doctor? Geat real!
How about this great one,"Everyone'll have health insurance. We'll keep pre-existing! Now pregnancy is pre-existing &24M lose health care!
Hope you show more researched facts in the future. Thats is literally the only way Americans will come back together #Ultimategoal
America will NEVER come 2gether w/that lying, crooked, fascist traitor in office. ppl like U tolerating his blatant hypocrisy don't help!
"I don't have any facts to say that it happened". Those are your words Senator. Why not wait until you have a fact before going public?
Like Obama did, "I don't have all the facts, but the police acted stupidly."
Yes, he did apologize for that. If Rand apologizes I'll let it go. Unlike you of course
He had to keep pushing the narrative that America is a racist country.
I think WE KNOW the motivation. Hillary was suppose to win. All their cheating failed. Tarmac meeting. Seth Rich. FISA spying.
dont forget #DNCFraudLawsuit #PodestaLeaks 5BEST youtube movie of #DNCconvention #DNCFraud #DNCLawsuit #DNCcorruption #MSMcomplicit #Obama
ooops..forgot link. LOL that's what happens w/ 2 much wine@ 2am saying fck it...staying up 2 keep #SethRich trending
U sound like a troll....Trump and Paul blowing the dogwhistle......The white supremacists giving you your credit??
If Democrats supported that cool....explain why Strom Thurmond left the Dem. Party then??.dont embarass yaself now
that's BULL SHIT. Paul trying to blame PBO, when Chucky Trump FUC*K UP game is over. I read the entire GOP is under RICO investigation

If you don't have any facts why are you talking about this? And why are you giving interviews to Breitbart? They invented fake news
breitbart? That says in all . #sad
Need to get Rice in Front of the grand jury what the Democrats are doing to this president is beyond belief

I am sure there was
The leaks that of been happening a felony yet the Democrats seem to think it's OK something very wrong
This is the epitome of fake. He said she said. Blah blah.  Keep em in the dark  & keep feeding BS #BreitbartNews Show me the proof.
The spying has to stop on most allAMERICANS
Senator, please investigate this. Feel BHO spied on SCOTUS also and more specifically on Justice Roberts/ obamacare
***Everything Obama did was political - if Saul Olinsky were alive today, he'd be grinning from ear to ear.
CLAPPER ONE TIME  UNMASK PRESIDENT TRUMP. EVERYONE FEEL IT WAS 2016, ASK FOR MONTH DATE AND YEAR, PLEASE CHECK OUT ABOUT YOU.
The Dems wanted to impeach this president since day one. They are the ones were undermining democracy in the United States
why u trying to cover for Chucky Trump & u know he is wrong. U & all the GOP devils will reap what u sow.  I can't wait when that day comes
#TheResistance #Resist If you had contact with Russian intelligence agents you were spied on, thank God.
OF COURSE THERE WAS!! THIS IS THE BIGGEST POLITICAL SCANDLE IN US HISTORY YET NO ONE IS BEING HELD ACCOUNTABLE!!! THIS CANNOT STAND!!
Aww u win this weeks twitter spelling test libturd. Enjoy it cause thats all u will ever win lol
I'm a Ky. Coal miner and I'm behind @POTUS 100% @RandPaul get behind him as well. @ericbolling @FoxNews @specialistfnc  #healthcarebill
You're crazy if you think they care about your best interests
The Democrats are Russia now investigate the entire Obama administration and prosecute their asses
@PeggyRuppe @BreitbartNews Agreed!
Rand - let's not be talking to Breitbart. Immediately lose credibility.
We are all spied on via obamacare!
STOP LYING
Interesting you ask this question in reference to a Breitbart fueled conspiracy theory but not to an actual cover-up by the WH re Comey.
Go Get em Senator Paul ! We know there was political motivation, maybe we'll find it with Comey Out ! #DemExit2018     #MAGA
I sent a fax to your office, but it would not go through. Please activate your fax machine.
Was there a political motivation to James Comey's dismissal? Please appoint a special prosecutor.
Why are allowing an investigation of Trump to go on when there is evidence of Obama/Clinton collusion with other countries inc Russia?
@freedomwatchweb says Comey sat on surveillance scandal info for two years.
You're not that important to spy on. Golf with trump and come down with delusions of grandeur.
Stop the bullshit and denounce the firing of Director Comey and demand an independent investigation on the real criminals, Trump and company
I think you flatter yourself, Mr Paul.  You are NOT that important.   Pres Obama had better things to do than spy on your boring ass.
SOS Venezuela
And maybe the moom is made out of cheese. Is that the best you can come up with; time to retire.

he will. something like "without healthcare that wouldnt have happened".
Once again Senator, you should be focused on the removal of Trump
AG Sessions was supposed to be RECUSED from the investigation.  How can he fire the HEAD of it?  It's insane!
you should look into weather Justice Roberts was blackmailed by the O Admin also!!! Was suspected, now it seems entirely logical.
We need a bipartisan independent investigation between Trump and Russia now!!!
We need to know why you would be on a correspondence that got unmasked. We know how the process works. Also your net bill is cancer.
How about the motivation to fire Comey? Are you at all concerned about that? Constituent here. Watching you closely.
Diversion much?
U r the only one that will say it.So what if Flynn talked 2 Russia about sanctions? Intel needs 2 be slapped around. Flynn should be rehired
Yes it is a political motivation. So what if Trump or Flynn talked to Putin about sanctions? U r right! This is a fake scandal 4 the dems.
"motivation" isn't necessary either they can produce fact which legitimately give cause to monitor or they are committing espionage & fraud.
Your political motivation is what needs to be questioned -- this is part of a smear campaign against President Obama, whom you hate ...
SNAP out of it!  Why are you all acting as if Democrats political targeting and spying ON EVERYONE is something new.
No Kidding.  Circle the wagons, get Sessions and the boys and clean house!!! #draintheswamp  America is tired of the political BS!!!!
I believe "RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA!" was a ruse to spy on their biggest Republican threats to the election.
Where is @jeffsessions to fireComey for being an accomplice to Hillary,Huma,Weiner,Lynch, & Rice's illegal actions?! He ALLOWED this.
I believe there was/is. Probably still going on. Good luck in your endeavor. Americans with you. 
Incidentally, why are you so worried about proper intelligence gathering with appropriate FISA court approvals?
Do not let anyone, including Republicans, sweep this "under the rug." This is exactly the kind of stuff we are sick of. Keep it up
@iFightOn @BreitbartNews C'mon, man.  We know the answer.  Get to the bottom of it!
Republicans blame Obama for everything - a page out of trump's playbook...blame..blame..blame.  Stop whining and govern!
Sir, I don't know if anyone has suggested this or not, but talk to Dr. @jerome_corsi - I am guessing he has the info you need. Blessings! :)
https://twitter.com/ParkerMolloy/status/861693453012480000 …
Since real life doesn't have a dream sequence/flashback feature, I made this. #SallyYates. By Parker Molloy
Since real life doesn't have a dream sequence/flashback feature, I made this. #SallyYates 
Why were the democrat politicians not unmasked? That shows political motive. The democRats have become the enemy of USA .
@paulbenedict7 - against political enemies.
@paulbenedict7 - How much Iranian money fuels N. Korean nuclear and ballistic weapons program?Did Obama weaponize national intel..
@paulbenedict7-investigate the http://unmasking.How  many Repub presidential candidates? How many conservatives ?  Enemies....

Hello... if course there was. However Lying Liberal's would never admit it!!!
Get them Rand. Don't let Obama continue to get away with illegal activity.
Since the FBI investigating right wing media, can you review politico article for blatantly false stories and propaganda
Rand. 1. Don't let them get away with this illegal activity. 2. Please order a Psych. Evaluation for @SenJohnMcCain -serious. He's gone nuts
What other motivation could it be other than to destroy Trump.
Who were the Americans who were surveilled!!!!!!!
When will those who unmasked or leaked classified info be held accountable?
The king a bullshit and nothingness. Go work and stop worrying about things that aren't even true. Waste of time like all of you useless Sen
More distraction and from Breitbart???
Rand is nothing more than a copycat Donald with no proof except the lopsided rite-fart press. Did your inflatable Donald doll pop on you.
@cia @fbi Spy on people in their homes and then follow them around whispering  things they´ve heard you say and things only you know! Sick!
What about just calling him and ask? Don't you have an Obama's phone number?
another attempt from Senator Paul to be relevant.  Another attempt by a republican to add smoke to the Russia Trump collusion probe.
DID YOU KNOW CHRIST DIED FOR YOUR SINS HE WAS BURIED AND ON THE THIRD DAY HE WAS RAISED FROM THE DEAD I
IT IS WRITTEN " I WILL CAUSE THEM TO EAT THE FLESH OF THEIR SONS AND THE FLESH OF THEIR DAUGHTERS...JEREMIAH 19;9 GOD'S WORD
GOD WILL PUNISH USA FOR THE MURDERS OF MILLIONS OF BABIES;GOD IS NOT MOCKED
No question there was.  When is someone going to prison?  Thanks for your resolve with finding out the truth.
Jared Kushner's sister woos China's "golden visa" investors - CBS News.
Ever Party Needs a pooper that's Why We Invited YoU!
Seriously? Now @RandPaul is going to get in on the 'distraction' tactics? Does 45 pay you boys extra for selling your souls to the devil?
What a disgrace why is Obama above the law when do we prosecute this felon
Rand is the man!!!
We need to know was there a political motivation!  http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2017/05/05/exclusive-rand-paul-says-obama-administration-may-have-spied-on-his-campaign/ …
If you don't have facts it's fake news.
When are you guys going to make trump protect us from Russia he took an oath at swearing in not one word about Russia yet. Impeach
No one was spying on you. That would imply you were a threat. Lol. Stop trying to get attention you child!
OF COURSE YOU WERE UNMASKED BY OBAMA,BRENNAN,CLAPPER,LYNCH,COMEY,&RICE.EVERYONE WAS AND IT WAS FOR POLITICAL GAIN ONLY! PEOPLE NEED 2 WAKEUP
IF YOU CAN'T SEE BY NOW THE RUSSIAN HACKING LIE WAS MADE UP TO SPY,UNMASK,FRAME,& COVER UP THE MURDER OF SETH RICH THAN YOU HAVE PROBLEMS!
OBAMA,HILLARY.COMEY,BRENNAN,CLAPPER,LYNCH,YATES,JOHN MCCAIN,SCHUMER,ADAM SCHIFF,WATERS,&PELOSI ALL R INVOLVED IN RUSSIA HACKING LIE BIG TIME
EVEN MY 5 YR OLD SON CAN FIGURE OUT RUSSIAN HACKING WAS ALL A LIE TO GET FISA WARRANT TO SPY,UNMASK,&FRAME TRUMP & TEAM FOR A CLINTON WIN!
NO, IT WAS MADE UP BY TRUMP.
Why wouldn't he spy on you your no different the anyone else
I knew something was Amiss with the Campaign the moment he was challenged by @JimGrayLexKY #ForReal #Nochancehehad
Keep fighting Senator. Get answers..
Clueless, just like your leader (Trump)! Misdirection, too!Stay on point about Russian interference w/election!
We know. Obama had too much power. No one could touch him. He got away with it.
PUT OBAMA AND HILLARY BOTH IN GITMO
Obama's favorite show that he watches. Spying & NSA please read recap!
Watch episode 6 & 7 last season House of Cards. A President spies on a Pres. candidate. Sound familiar? Obama watches House of Cards HMMM!
Wow, a fucking Brietbart article @RandPaul? u have got to be joking:/!

Yeah, you're dirty. You couldn't turn down that Russian money for the campaign. You have reason to feel shook. They're coming...
Isn't it obvious
This is pathetic even for you.
. Just u stating this is absolutely careless. U shouldn't b allowed on any cmttees, bc u spread this crap.Shameful!
doesn't he ever have an "ORIGINAL" thought?
Need to know Sir.  Investigate.  Thanks for letting the American people know of this raggitty-behind the scene-shannigans going on.
Republicans have !ost so much integrity. I've never seen so much lying. Obama stands way higher than this kind of pettiness
Obama couldn't care less about Rand Paul
This is dishonest. Why have republicans turned into liars? This is so dishonest. I'm disappointed
You lost me at Breitbart
Idgit Rand Paul. I don't think the Obama administration gives two shits about you. Keep moving folks there is no intelligence here.
Deflecting. On an alt right bigoted racist website  NO CREDIBILITY. You went golfing and never will be the same.
"I was illegally wiretapped and unmasked" is just kook-right speak for  "I chat with Russian Intel operatives a lot and now I'm screwed."JS
We made front page of CP, #Twitter censoring =political prejudice to ruin my business.CRIMINAL ACT http://www.christianpost.com/news/christian-movie-effort-censored-online-182353/ … CAN U SEE THIS?
Our story made TH!! #TWITTER censor because of political prejudice.CRIMINAL ACT to ruin my business.CAN U SEE THIS? https://townhall.com/columnists/rachelalexander/2017/05/01/christian-movie-effort-being-censored-online-n2320574 …
Black people with power taking advantage of the power.. Wondering why they don't help the poor - who voted for a change
I can't think of a bigger waste of time.
What other motivation would there be? Why is anyone shocked that The Obama administration was not above covert activity ?? Come on
All we need to know is that you're complicit.
Good luck with that
STOP PLAYING GOD WITH OUR LIVES

24 MILLION PEOPLE WILL FIND U IF THEY LOSE THEIR HEALTHCARE

#WE_WILL_GET_U
They were probably looking for ties to Aqua Buddha @RandPaul @BreitbartNews
And this information is coming from Breitbart.... Mkay Yup they're pretty credible!!! #ridiculous @SenatorRandPaul
TRANSLATION: Oh shit. Did I get picked up talking to Russians? I won't  do well in prison. Sweet Jesus, HELP! The Feds are coming for me.  
Power is a corrupting force.  The media is suppose to be our watchdog against government overreach.  8 yrs of neglect
No. It's a crime to bug people unless it is part of an investigation with a clear deadline. If it isn't MAKE IT SO or stop complaining.
“I don’t have any facts to say it happened,” says Senator Paul. OK then. But it sure is good for the publicity, no?
They are still spying..
Is this a fucking question?
Obama, you are so sweet, nothing bad could possibly have come from you, just like sweet and innocent Ashad could not have gased his own folk
FYI I want to be disconnected from the matrix immediately.  

This blows.
Not happy.
Tell @tedcruz the planet is everyone's.
@POTUS
#WeaponizedAutismProject
Brother Rand, nothing would surprise me about that innocent, I can do no wrong president called Obama
Lol, Really? everything Obama did was politically motivated.
More interested in who ,we already know why
100% Agree 
You know the answer
I think you already know the answer.   The answer is yes.
Un classify all the documents.  Get the president to do that.
Go to town on them! They had no right to spy on ANY American! Amer Ppl are tired of the corrupt ways. This needs to stop immediately. Shame!
Are you really entertaining Trump's tweets? If it was politically motivated, can be damn sure it would've come to light before election
See how the frogs swarm to you? Is this what you want?
“I don’t have any facts to say it happened" - thanks for basing your wild accusations in reality. It's really reassuring. 
Your tweets are starting to sound more trumpesque by the day. Is this really what you want? 
Dear lord please take off the kid gloves and go after the criminal activity of Hillary, Bill, Ouma, Rice & the rest. WTF!  Crime is crime!
Breitbart makes you look so legit - sorta like starting your own board certification.
Ok ok we hear you. Now let's concentrate on healthcare.
We get you are trying to curry favor with Trump to make space for killing Trumpcare, but make it less obvious.
