What happened to #RepealObamacare I appreciate the sentiment but ANY government involvement is problematic and UNCONSTITUTIONAL
It's not Unconstitutional the Supreme Court ruled on it. Like what?
Almost EVERYTHING the fed gov does is unconstitutional. Article 1 Sect 8 of the Constitution is 15 things they are to do on our behalf.
It's really quite simple isn't it?
 yes it is!
If it's so simple how the hell did you miss. "General Welfare" in the first sentence. I don't agree with ACA. But at least I understand it.
Kevin dude you just blew my mind. My god it dosn't say healthcare. You must be right.Hurry call the thousands of lawyers working on #ACA
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
POINT 7: CBO lays blame for the insurer exit largely with Trump.   In fact... 12 
This sounds like an idea canada had. And yet many canadians come to the states for medical care.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
This chart from the CBO report really says it all: low income Americans are asked to pay higher premiums for less generous coverage. 
Fed Govt sucks at everything and they are corrupt and your solution is MORE govt MORE bureaucracy cause that has worked so well
Sure link to your solution from SMEs. #NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA
Here's another chart that says a lot: http://wapo.st/2rVpxNy  
My arguement is federal govt shouldnt be involved. Here is a radical idea, how about governors run their state
I get you believe yourself. If you want anyone else to put confidence in your claims you'd need to present SMEs who corroborate them.
Both plans suck. They are both horrible. You dont have the right to my money just cause you want the Govt to be daddy
Thank you for standing for we the people! God bless you and your family! Hope your dad is well. The apple doesn't fall far from the tree.
I'm going to DVR!! You caused a huge argument between my hubby and I. He's doesn't know what he's talking about. Lol 
LOL! Tell your hubby to listen to Mark Levin. FYI: Mark Levin was a federal prosecutor. He knows the law and specifically the Constitution.
What's going on with North Korea?
WOW!
Unless you replace it with a streamlined and simplified Medicare for all approach it's just not going to work
Thank you Senator!! 
Please keep working it out because 
YES YOU KNOW THEIR GOING TO PAY US BACK DON'T HOLD YOUR BREATH !
It's a nice thought but not likely to happen
#RandPaul is right. Full repeal.

TWO BILLS - one that deals with everyone that is NOT on Medicaid and a second bill that just deals with those that are on Medicaid?
Great idea!!
Senator Paul, we agree 4 1st time. GOP has been against gov. HC forever. When OCare passed we said we would REPEAL!!! Not replace. This...
This replacement concept was just 2 replace with financial reform, e.g., remove state lines, pass tort reform, etc. To bring down cost of HC
Bad news for you, Obamacare allows crossing state lines, it's been on the providers for why that's not offered.
Ignorance must b blissful for you. http://www.ncsl.org/research/health/out-of-state-health-insurance-purchases.aspx …
Sorry but nope, it's allowed. 

http://thehill.com/policy/healthcare/300711-insurers-arent-interested-in-selling-obamacare-across-state-lines?amp …
American patriots do NOT want this bill to pass. Listen to us stop shouting at us and start listening  
It's about time someone does what the American people elected them for !


Anything other than single payer will keep costs high and healthcare unaffordable for 30% of income earners.
Everybody gets healthcare in US. Many get it too late or in emergency departments which is costly ineffective inhumane
400 rich people would get a tax break on this Healthcare bill somebody better back up and punt on this one
AGREE !
Repeal the abomination. Government has no business in the insurance business.
Are representatives more worried about doing what is right or getting reelected. We hear a lot of excuses but no solutions
@RandPaul - a practical, common sense, promise-keeping, electorate supported proposal that passes constitutional muster putting us on track.
When going to learn that healthcare is never going to be a free market.  How will the market boycott if it kills them? It's a captive market
Can you put empathy over failed ideology?
Do not split the bill...sets up DEMs for single payer. Stop kicking the can down the road. Senate needs to do something NOW!
Why not just give the people - for whom you work - the same health care program that you have?
Just get it done!
You are out for you and you only u are a SOB
Dennis Prager also had the best idea I have heard!
Have 2 choices: Public(vet,Medicare,Medicaid)and Private health care.we choose our ins!
Enjoy your summer breaks Paul all of us suffering Americans due to Ocare will still be waiting for help when you people get back !
Any chance GOP remembers about a concept called the free market?
Tell us again how Ayn Rand collected welfare and charity healthcare before she died, Uncle Rand! Ir, should she declined and died earlier?
#SinglePayer is simple. Please  stopTryingToMakeThingsTooComplicated
I stand with Rand on this. Rand Cruz Lee and Johnson are fighting FOR us
Even your ideas do not help elderly, poor, less fortunate or those with preexisting conditions.  The new culture in congress is lying to all
All I want to hear about is #FullRepeal. Do not cave.
you are a liar sir
Thanks
@freedomcaucus @SenMikeLee @tedcruz @SenRonJohnson, #KillTheBill2 if you can't REPEAL Obamacare.
The Wrath of God. 3:10 a.m. on 29 0f June 2017 in 12 Hours. The Wrath of GOD is on AMERICA for making Christians Pay for Abortions.
Republicans will own HC, so get it correct.  Y'all should have a copy, make changes needed and adjust accordingly.  Then Pelosi can retire.
Now this is a network and format I can watch you on sir. Just couldn't stomach @GStephanopoulos
Keep fighting Rand!!!!!
Will go as well as your bid for #POTUS
Repeal first as promised the voting public.  Then pass something to help those in need.  Otherwise let free market reign.  Kill the plague.
If they try repeal it then it has to for a full vote and that will NEVER pass. This is the only way
Quick question. How much will you be paid for your vote?
You all have the whole month of July to hash this thing out.......you all debating isn't a bad thing! Just get it right!
You're only trying to make a name for yourself. You don't care that our premiums are through the ceiling and HC is in the basement!
#FULLREPEAL
Looks like you're going to capitulate for a bill that keeps 80% of the ACA in place. Sad.
You compare nationalized healthcare to a Gulag???....says the man who gets his healthcare at taxpayer expense?? What a Nazi you are!!!
I saw you on Morning Joe. Park your sarcasm if you want cooperation.
Don't vote just to vote. Make sure it's good for your people and not making things worse than ocare did!
People working $10/hr make <$20,000/yr. You can't rent, eat and have med insurance at same time. Not everyone is wealthy. Not that you care
Healthcare is now profit driven big business politicians should not be in control of 20% of the economy
Brilliant Rand thanks for your stand for true repeal!! #repealdontreplace
Yes yes yes...split them apart...repeal o care!!!!
Why can't we turn the tables? Medicaid for seniors/disabled and Medicare for welfare recipients!?
Nor asking for a "hand out", just make it affordable! Please
Stop taking money from our seniors and disabled to pay for Medicaid!!!
$270 advanced imaging, $350 outpatient surgery out of pocket expenses, many drugs not covered or to expensive to afford!...on and on
What about the disaster of Medicare!? $104/mo for A and B + monthly premium for "Supplemental!" $6700 deductible, $50 specialist visit....
how to make it really useful to most normal people?
Split on cost equation
SinglePayerSvcs(X)+InsuredPayerSvcs(Y)+MedicineGSA(S)
S = total sick
X = (sick) poor or earning < $adjustable
Y = S-X
No #Repeal #SaveOurACA #SaveLives #FixOurACA instead of a damn repeal @SenateDems  @HouseDemocrats  @kyvoices4health @KyDems @AmDiabetesAssn
No thanks Rand! All WE the people SEE is talk talk talk from GOP & NO action. 7 years & still...crickets. I'll listen to Trump!
Genius!! Henry Clay-style comprise!!
Do it in small baby steps starting with repeal.
I remember you saying before that you don't want to repeal until you have something better to replace it with. Now you are fast on repeal
I pray that Congress starts working together for America.
Great. republicans won't look like idiots for talking about repealing all these years. Does not matter what happens next.
Obamacare vs. Trumpcare: The same Obamacare policy under Trumpcare costs 74% more.
This not a break through. This is alot of talking for years and u have no plan?!What is wrong with you!? We counted on u and u have nothing?
Sweetheart, I don't care how y'all do it. Just get it done.
$100 said the lil pussy Rand votes in lockstep.He always does. He'll act tough, and pull some cute shenanigans. Then vote in lockstep. Pussy
Just REPEAL! Repeal, repeal, then let people get their own choice.
Talk to your counterparts in rnc. Work together to get beST bill passed so can move on to tax reform. MOMENTUM is ALL up to @GOP !
is rand short for randy?
I'm so glad you are working on the @RandPaul. Thank you
I really liked your idea for the HC plan, i hope you can work something out soon.
Give the Obamacare plan to the CBO but don't tell them that it is Obamacare. See what they say.
Keep up the good work Senator, don't let them pass something not good for our Country.
Oh thank you Rand, really. For being such an ideologue and really pushing to gut your states, your constituents, healthcare. Heil Overlords
Great idea!!
I think this is a great idea. I also like the idea of small business pooling and other measures to increase competition.
Sounds do able!
It's all about Rand
Bifurcating the healthcare bill. Good idea @RandPaul! @tedcruz @mike_pence what do you think? @realDonaldTrump let's get this thing passed!
Your push for a separate repeal bill is spot on.
Its good to see some of you actually trying to help get this bill straight and moving forward.
Cont: in the cities and states, no Government involvement...complete REPEAL OF O'CARE to be clear. Ty
This idea is beginning to sound better.
Repeal has been promised, medical cost, Dr. cost & hospital cost are the issue, as you Sir have stated. Government has NO business in HC.
We want complete repeal, Ins across states, MA handled by the states with oversite by Governors for accountability, Separate Opioid Programs
Cannot have interstate commerce without federal oversight, sorry.
I like the split bill idea....but can the repeal one pass?
Not confident in the weak-kneed Rino's.
@potus

Really liked your idea and it seems very doable. Keep pushing it! And hope you like it, Mister President.
Great idea!
Martha is winch

She doesn't understand shit!
BRILLIANT !!!!
This is the most reasonable resolution we ever heard. Thank you @dcnoize45001
Rand Paul - splitting bill is brilliant! fingers crossed (but repeal that onerous mandate!)
Stop the waste and fraud we can pay for everyone health care Not saying government should but it is tax money being wasted Could reduce Debt
When the government is involved in anything we all know it never works out. Politicians don't put American values first but their own greed
Same with the private sector ergo the 2008 crash
I like this idea. Gets the repeal part done and brings in the dems for the spending. I would prefer total repeal.
do your job serve and protect American taxpayers no cuts on Medicaid NONONOonTrumpcare
Sounds good to me. What we don't want is single payor. Tired of pols who are only interested in the art of the deal regardles of consequence
Just tuning in, hope I didn't miss you!
Thank you Senator Paul on splitting bill. You voted on that before. Stop the pork filled bills. Keep. Ills simple and of solo items
Fingers crossed
Compromise means good govt good legislation hard ball hurts u your. Constituents and America. Democrats love u
This is a brilliant idea! Everyone needs to hear @RandPaul. Discussed with @realDonaldTrump and liked this approach, brilliant!
yes! Great idea! #SplitTheBill #StandWithRand
You have got the right  idea. SC said Obama Care is a tax.  Geter done 
Hear nothing I liked from you @RandPaul . Heard only OBSTRUCT AND RESIST talk from you. Be one of 50 votes or loose power
Great job Senator, keep up the hard work 
Most of the impasse is caused by you and your "it has to be my way" attitude.
This is genius idea!  @SenateGOP Please listen to Dr. Rand Paul!  #HealthcareBill
Pass Healthcare and tax reform. If you hurt Americans I say throw the bum out @RandPaul
Great ideas Senator Paul!!!
Exactly Senator.  You have it right!
Pass something!  Problem is now US Congress.
Easy. Full repeal as originally promised before "replace" was tacked on. You know, we could have a non-socialist solution.
Push for steps 1&2, compromise on 3&4 which hurt the poor more then punishes the gamers!
just pass it.
BOTH!!! last admin #Obamacare & Health Ins. companies are at fault BOTH HURTING Middle Class! REPEAL REPLACE NEGOTIATE Coverage&Premiums
Keep fighting!
It's an easy split:

1. #Fullrepeal #Whoevercare

2. Keep government out of the way.
Why can't we all get Medicare INS premium pricing and get a supplement according to our needs. Instead of drug & INS companies get rich.
@beck_ann4
100 Small 5 page Bills that make up one bill for an Agenda Topic,thus making each Bill easy to Amend by Doctors.
1 person, age 60, 25,000 income, 947/mo, with subsidy, 142/mo.  The premium is same for age 21 with subsidy.
Please do something good for we the people not just for tge debate
U can break it by saving ACA!! Make improvements to it!! Show that u actually care about people!! Country before party!!
Exactly why ACA has to go! Country first! Save us from Obama Care only fixable by replacing 85% of it!
1 person, 25,000 income, age 21, 349/mo, with subsidy 142/mo.
2 adults, 2 kids, 75,000 income, 1393/mo,  with subsidy 606/mo silver, max 14,300 out of pocket.  29% of income
Keep up the good fight.   
Stay strong #NoMoreHandOUTS!
#MAGA
Mr. Paul, I respect you, I stand with you in what ever you do. Love to you, from my heart to yours. Let's ROLL!
Shame on you Rand Paul 
Yes, @RandPaul , keep pushing Repeal!  Repeal only! No more federal bureaucracy! shrink fed gov. abolish unconstitutional fed reserve too!
Pull off the band aid...we need to do the same thing to health care that we did to the gold standard. Cut out the rent collectors.
#IstandWithRandPaul
Defund healthcare for ALL members of congress, pay them minimum wage. Outlaw campaign contributions, gifts,  & profits while in office.
Please I beg you for insurance across state lines. Something affordable. Haven't afforded insurance since ACA.
okay Senator Paul, fir u I will record Wheel of Fortune.I am sure your objections are my objections Please stop August Convress vacation too
do not like Obamacare  please look out for Seniors
Repealing the ACA and replacing it w/ this bill is the equivalent of amputating a leg because of a mosquito bite.
#freemarket
Please have them reconsider the age scale for premiums!
American need access health insurance now. All closed enrollment
Can you also talk about how congress and senate will have to be on the plan of the bill that is passed? No exemptions. @realDonaldTrump
(1) Won't work. The liberal media is already spreading the narrative that it's Trump's meddling that is causing Ocare to die. We own it now.
HOW ABOUT ALL AMERICANS JUST GET THE SAME HEALTHCARE AS YOU, RAND?
