.@RandPaul Replace only with "get government out of the way".
@GotchYaSon
That's his solution, a model that promotes free markets.
"Promote", like "create jobs" and "level the field", is NOT "get out of the way". Thumbs OFF of the scale, PLEASE.
@RandPaul
Do you know of the details of his plan or are you just venting some weird frustration?
You characterized it as "promotes free markets". Right direction, but just getting out of the way is all markets need.
@RandPaul
I know this. I think he does too but simply repealing the ACA doesn't take us to a free market model. More reform is needed.
I agree. Perhaps:
1) Extend tax deductibility beyond employers to all, or stop altogether.
2) Limit state-centric insurance.
His plan takes the healthcare out of the employer's hand and into the employee's, also making it so you buy across State lines.
No, do not replace! Just get the he'll outta our lives, big gov't.
Replace with what? It will still be government using our healthcare as a political pawn.
Shit.. You're really quoting Breitbart now? How far down will you go?
Learn who is on who's side already. The neocons are stalling obamacare replacement.
senator glad to c u support Pres Trump & leverage Breitbart. It will end your career.
Now sure f they are weak kneed Mr Paul, they are purposely stalling to interfere with Trump's agenda in replacing.
Fed Gov has already proven they are incapable of managing health care. #askaVET
Pretty much what we expected from the Slash and Burn House of Republicans.
any excuse for not doing it now is just that! an excuse
Dismantle Obamacare one piece at a time.  No government replacement but put in incentives for local solutions
Obama care has a lot of good features, it would just B easier2fix it rather then trashing the  whole bill.
Don't give up! Stay n there and Do It Right Now! #CongressDoYourJob Mr @POTUS Go! #ACA #RepealAndReplace
DROP DEAD!! I SEE YOU ARE ALL OUT IN FULL FORCE NOW !PSALM SINGING BS ARTIST!!
Define "now." Is that immediately or sooner?
FAKE NEWS
you do know people thought ACA and Obamacare where different and liked ACA doesn't that tell you something
I vote to repeal, but not replace.  Fed Gov has no constitutional authority to be mandating healthcare on Americans
There was NOTHING overwhelming! FAKE Pres LOST the popular vote and obviously won because of Russia involvement!
@Mike_Beacham the American people were promised this 8 years ago.
Endorsement from @BreitbartNews? That's like when David Duke supported @realDonaldTrump; not the kind of attention you should want
What is your proposal for replacing the ACA?
Why are we the only industrialized country without universa healthcare AND AT MORE THAN TWICE THE COST? LOBBYING!
@CNN @MaddowBlog @SenWarren @SenSanders @ezlusztig @politico @washingtonpost @nytimes Sen Paul has new fan base Check out comments
I voted for Trump but Bernie was right, payroll withholding, eliminate insurance premiums. Check Germany.
We pay 2 x other countries. No workable solutions without cost controls - lobby money won't permit that!
Healthcare is going to bury us! There are no workable Republican solutions. I fear 2018.
PEOPLE WILL NOT BUY HSA's, it's a pipe dream. Check out how other countries are effectively doing it.
We need single payer- stop letting the insurance companies run our health care
While I agree with the sentiment.  We must keep in mind that the health secretary finally got confirmed this week.
Have always seen you as a voice of reason. Please do not quote Breibart. #BreitbartFakeNews
post exam, room price per day in hospital lobby and website. Will help. Make people aware.
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/the-fates-of-5-men-connected-to-the-trump-russia-dossier_us_589f5472e4b080bf74f03cd6 …
Having voted for you, I have to ask, What prompted you to go all pathetic? @BreitbartNews
he said repeal & replace in the first debate.
Democrats- worried about ur health and coverage. Republicans- worried about u filing for bankruptcy. GOP- heartless. SAD!!
This Kentuckian is so done with you!!! Ditch Breitbart! Forget re-election!
Keep pushing your ACA replacement!!!
You can call for a vote can't you? Republicans won't want a vote against repeal on their record. #JustVote
@FLMomNYGirl @BreitbartNews Problem is: President thinks he's in a TV Show.
we need more reps like you and @JoeManchin
how does your HC plan make med expenses cheaper if it exempts HC providers from antitrust laws???
Your rational makes a lot of sense to me and those that can stop crying and hear what you're saying. I support.
And be rejected when the fallout from your collective alt-fact (R) wet dream comes to fruition. The morons will finally grasp.
stand with Rand!!
investigate Flynn and Trump. Quit RT Breitbart.  Do your job.
Dude, Breitbart? Ayn Rand would slap their faces.
I heard you say you only represent Conservatives what a shame you don't represent ALL the people! WeThePeople heard
you better have one hell of a replacement ready on day 1. #impeachtrump
#SaveAmericaNow
#DumpTrump
Ppl voted to make make the ACA better not to take healthcare away from the sick or poor. I thought u were prolife, Christian?
Between u and @SenateMajLdr y'all r really making KY shine with all the stupid stuff lately! I'm ashamed y'all represent my state
seriously? Breitbart?
.@RandPaul @Plume1 @BreitbartNews I'm fine w/ just repeal I've had it w/the entitlement class #NoSympathy or as much sympathy they gave us
I am 63 and middle class, Bronze level is $822 a month with 6820 deductable I am uninsured. Its unaffordable HELP!
Agreed. Who's stalling, Ryan and McConnell?
Yes! Senator Paul please keep up the good fight 4 the American Citizens! Please take a breath,Please help Pres Trump! Thank you!
You jokers promised REPEAL, this replace crap is newer and NOT improved. @vjeannek
Exactly right Rand. I fell the Soro's funded leadership will not let that happen. They ALL nees to be votes out.
; What insurance do US Senators use? Is it the same one all Federal employees use or Obamacare?
you have no concept with the pain and suffering of Americans you'll bumble this change to the ACA like you bumble everything else
Trump lost by 3 million.  This is a loss not an overwhelming win. Hiding in your district come election won't work!
keep repealin and replacing.
agreed! Rand, 69,000,000+ feel exactly this way!
Yes sir! And thank you @RandPaul  for standing for the people!! It's time...It's time!
cover pre-existing conditions! Do not cut Medicaid spending! #probirth #resist
People did not overwhelmingly vote for change!  Please tell me you didn't drink the koolaid!  3mil more for HRC
#SaveACA
there is nothing overwhelming about losing the popular vote by 3 million.
Wish you would stop posting/linking to @BreitbartNews.
Breitbart?  Not you too!
Repeal it & Replace with NOTHING!! We need government OUT of Healthcare! The Dr-Patient relationship needs 2B #1.
breitbart is fake news-
GOPers investigating GOPers isn't a waste of time, it's a duty when 1 of them may b compromised by foreign govt. #ObamacareCanWait
OK if we use your vow to put party over country as a textbook example of treason?
OK, low energy Paul.
push it forward stop wasting time.
Breitbart is fake news. @RandPaul @lauderdalevet
Repeal and Replace, the system is definitely broken!
Way to pit the poor and the middle class against one another.  Pitting groups against others worked out so well in Nazi Germany!
it's a wonderful thing to repeal and replace
l'm not sure what breitbart has to do with Rand's plan?who cares who reports it?
Is your plan BETTER than what we have right now? And if better, for whom, the big pharma, hospitals, insurance companies or us?
you're a sellout. Typical politician
Then do it already
"overwhelmingly"?
Repeal, don't replace. Any replacement is just as unconstitutional as what we have now. Feds need to butt out.
folks act like ACA has been the law of the land for decades. FYI its only been forcing people to by ins. since 2013
Keep up the great work! We support you Dr. Paul!
do it right not necessarily now.
Repulican plan Repeal VOID VOID Replace and tell US take it or leave or die
We citizens don't care what's it's called; we want voluntary, cheaper, competitive, and less gov't interference.
please stop I am on your side senator Paul but not on this. Give a detail plan for all Americans
Where were these deliberative Senators with their "great" plans for the last 8 years? Dump them! Stay Strong RP!
Really? REALLY? Breitbart. So, you're one of them now, eh? We won't forget.
There was no overwhelming vote for change. You've been listening to your boss. History will judge you poorly for your inaction.

#repealobamacare !! Do it @RandPaul
you sound like a phone salesman...... do it now, do it now, don't think about it.... I have a plan!  Will u benefit
You can buy any health plan you want. As long as you have money to do so. Get it?
just drop without a plan in place?I know u have a plan but it isn't that simple They are trying to do what is right
yes. Keep after it
With everything that I've read, Senator Paul has the best plan to replace the ACA.  Time to get on board now!
What are you going to replace it with?
Keep up the pressure. I love your free market approach. Third party payor is a huge part of the problem.
Obama still wins.   Nat'l healthcare of some kind is here to stay just like he wanted.
are we seriously supposed to take you seriously when you're tweeting a @BreitbartNews article? A 6 year term is far too long for u
keep your promise to the Koch brothers...sellout. Wheres the real Ron Paul
don't ruin your credibility by citing fictitious "new sources" like this
I would argue with people overwhelmingly votes for change but I am sure they would like a chance at that now
shame on you RAnd Paul you are a embarrassment to the state you represent!!!
@SpeakerRyan the "weak" republicans BETTER NOT be lead by you!!! This needs to happen or you all are gone!
you're the person who can do if Rand! Yes, you can!
go Rand Paul pressure those ......!!!
yes let's go we can't afford healthcare!!
And do you mean "right" as in effectively, with an affordable, effective health insurance system? Your proposal is???
Trump list the popular vote nationally He only won where evil rednecks run the state like Kentucky & South Carolina NOT CALIFORNIA
The world is not run by Senators from Kentucky Only the parts that resemble redneck hell are God is Supreme Intelligence NOT YOU!
First, u need to reinstate the law that makes it illegal for those with mental illnesses to buy guns. Aren't you a doctor?
Look at Rand, trying to change the subject.... Have you been seeing this shit?
Breitbart doesn't exactly scream credibility.
It'll NEVER happen. The GOP is totally bereft of principle. Complete socialized healthcare within 10 years.
:  stop posturing; stop trying to change the narrative; stop normalizing @BreitbartNews by posting articles from the site.
Hell Yeah.  Rip the bandaid off quickly.
So what are you waiting for???
I read Breitbart, I know what@follows is bs. those who cater to them are worse  go away Rand Paul. You smell swampy
do your job and Investigate trump
Replace with WHAT? 
Everyone knows you're anti #ACA but where's your #BetterWay ??
get rid of JCHO and save #BigLeague
Keep going but watch the people u work with they going all jump in and take credit Just do it for the people
retweeting Breitbart makes you appear to be an illegitimate partisan hack. Country over party
Please make this Obama healthcare  nightmare go away .
how about investigate @realDonaldTrump now!!!
Senator, please call out the wimps so constituents can be sure to vote them out. I want to light up their phone and email
"overwhelmingly voted for change"  LIE   Clinton won the popular vote.
Get rid of obama care
you are giving curly-haired Paul's a bad name.
Not hard to do.
no
you'd rather have a healthcare death spiral? I'm beginning to regret following you more and more.
We expect: No IRS, applies to ALL!, no state boundaries, Not mandatory. What's your plan?
@SpeakerRyan should heed the words of the senator. Stop the slow walking BS, there will b electoral consequences.
keep up the great work Senator Paul.
we dont want this, just fix it but keep it.  we poor cant afford what they offer
Repeal it now. Follow thru on your promises. Nothing is better than Obamacare. Get govt out of picture.
So where's this vaunted plan? Cos it's kinda like having a Canadian girlfriend, but knowing you'll never meet @JustinTrudeau. ):
I voted for good change, not bad change. Just saying 'change" is stupid.
the majority of the people did not vote for Trump!!  #ImpeachTrump
awesome Mr. Paul.
look at medicare in Australia and how it functions and co exists with massive health insurance companies.
you are corrupt and clearly bought out. #notmyrepublicanparty #hypocrite #lostyourway #gaslighting #weak
the necessity is to do it right not do it right away.   We only get one chance stop with the artificial deadlines.
that is exactly what we are running from you and all other Republicans. Thank you for your service!
The people don't want a repeal of the Affordable Care Act. They want a thorough investigation into Russia's ties to Trump & Flynn
Do your job!!! Investigate Trumps ties to Russia!
"BETTER" 2 return 2 LifeTimeLimits?AnnualCaps?PreExisitingCondit?NoPreventiveCareCoverage?InferiorPolicies?
demonstrating who you are working for now by tweeting Brietbart.  #spineless #PartybeforeCountry
Overwhelmingly!  Change lost by 3 million votes.   Or did you mean the Electoral college?
Thank you for standing tall and fighting for our country.
Rand Paul sit back down and kiss Donald Trump ring
Replace now, then repeal!
or wait a few years so you don't own the debacle @BreitbartNews
Senator why is it the Republicans are not listening to your ideas?
WHAT ABOUT RUSSIA??? Focus guys!!!!!
Your posting a Breitbart article? You lost any credibility with this and not investigating Trump. #CorrputGOP
You should set the example by signing up for your new plan. Include your family for bonus points.
Git 'er done.
if you don't put a replacement plan up first and then repeal thousands of people will die.
Replace with what? You can't just say replace and not have something ready to go.
Remove burden on employers! USA needs 2 B like other GREAT countries who provide heathCare 4 ALL citizens! https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/matt-miller-canadians-dont-understand-ted-cruzs-health-care-battle/2013/09/25/ee2d6e6e-25d9-11e3-b75d-5b7f66349852_story.html?utm_term=.110c3f7beb16 …
repeal and replace trump
More important to correctly identify the best path to take than to race down the wrong path.. again,as when Obamacare was enacted.
You've abandoned your principles.
U R allowing BigBusinessInsCo to label USmothers as PreExistingConditions &Deny InsurancePolicies/Coverage http://www.nytimes.com/2010/03/30/health/30women.html?_r=4&ref=health& …
