You guys voted for him, you own him... (Or he owns you).
We are proud of our Pres. Proud of accomplishments & courage to tackle BIG problems quickly. Unafraid to take a stand. Proud
What accomplishments? I'm genuinely interested to learn.
Look Dow;debt decreased;manufacturing index 33 yr high;jobs up; houses selling;great Supreme Court judge;Isis losing ground;regulation down
BTW, ISIS is still an issue and Trump has never Told his grand plans to the generals like he said.
Of course they are issue. But land they hold control of greatly down.
Only because our military was already pursuing plans before Trump, and most certainly without his "good ideas"...
hee hee You really are funny.
Almost everyone would be happy to just go back to private insurance in a free market based system & let the companies compete. Not hard.
Might be hard since insurance companies were gearing down to let govt take over whole market and they were going to be the paper processors
doesn't think outside the box thinks he knows everything hates Obama cuz Obama did a lot for this country Obama was love as a president
Thanks. That was a good laugh like haven't had in awhile. 
People just want reduced costs..lower premiums, lower deductibles etc. Many even liked their healthcare prior to Obamacare but now now.
Obama admin admitted plan designed raise prices on one end to lower(free) on other end. Take from to give to others. No such thing as free
I dun even know what the healthcare is for & unsure of the situation. Why is it an either or situation. The rich or the masses...????
Cuz someone has to pay. No such thing as free. When you try to provide free for masses then those paying are suffering big big load.
You don't want to make it better and help more people, you just want it to cost less by not providing adequate coverage.
Use to be WE consumers were responsible for our own insurance. Prices  more affordable due competition but govt got involved & cost up
The ACA has slowed the increase of insurance premiums but true believers are just that, they just believe. I believe I can fly.
So you'll be happy with premiums  deductibles going up with McConnell care?
But-don't worry-theyPROMISE
It'll come down in 3 to 5 years
"we don't want a better Bill"
Sorry -Twitter Speak-ManyWilling2TakeANYBill
2GetRidOfACA-my bad-
I wantRealRepealAsWell
Senators that think their ideas are the only salvation for healthcare will lose the senate for the gop in 18. America wants Obamacare gone
Put congress on it - then the people might believe it. No special exemptions for congress. Mr Paul not good for you - not good for voters.
We don"t need a new version of Obamacare. Lies told on It, signed didn't read. Now this - also done in secret like Obamacare. Get it??
No followers. No pic. Fake tweeter
Whom are you talking about??
Dont give in. We were promised full repeal.
Of course he is sincere NOW CONGRESS DO YOUR JOB. America first always
Fix it rand. Stop talking and do some damm work
Thank you Senator for all you are doing on this issue
Now that's good news, thx U 4 the  update
As my momma always said "you can't make a silk purse out of a sows ear". And that is what this bill is!!!!
Watched you @ 1:10 discussing Medicaid now serving 40% vs 4%. Saw no mention of salary stagnation over last decade. Med costs up, income not
Trump shld be open to discuss.Even tho he promised to repeal and replace too many Reps want just a change.Public wants "for the better".Plse
Who's writing these bills! Your Party Rand YES! Drain that Swamp too! Let @POTUS write the damn bill he'll get it done 4 US
Senator, I saw you conversation and comment on Erin Burrnet. I work for a German company and they gave an awesome socialist medical plan.
Yes he is. It always amazes me when "liberals" call him a dictator.
Get with the program
You're waiting for the plan to fail completely by its own randPaul?
The elderly who don't qualify for medicare, yes. Poor children, yes. Don't tie medicaid to food stamps. Qualify seperately.
Where's your plan RandPaul?? GEt Heath care Done!!!
Those who won't work get nothing. Help the children but NO to their parents who won't work.
Pass a bill that only provides medicaid as it was originally intended
I have a lot of respect for you senator Paul and I know that you will do your part to help we the people. Health Care is really important.
He should be Potus n not the curse we have
That way if we want insurance we can go get it all of those not paying for insurance now never have anyway 
The Democratic's can't get it right now the republicans can't get it right let it fail an get out of insurance an cut our taxes 
I think @RandPaul has been a complete ass during this. Work with your party, you're behaving like overgrown children.
We need a good bill, not just any bill. We need a full repeal of Obamacare. Keep working on it.
@FoxNews @RandPaul @TeamCavuto Total Repeal is what we Voted For Better to let ACA Implode if Repubs can't get in LOCK Step w/Rand Paul
Why can't they just repeal? Otherwise let it implode. @RandPaul are you offering options or just complaining?
Rand- you have to be willing to negotiate a little too.  Not just lay down your specific demands & expect them to be received as gospel.
No he is too thick. He is also not very bright. However if it was vagina legislation he would be excellent.
TY for fighting for us. REPEAL ACA. Still hundreds pp regs? Group assns,dump fed essential ben mandates. Centl govt shd NOT be arbiter ever.
And is an obstructionist.
"He removed many benefits that I thought were too expensive or infringes on their right to be sick ...." plus I'm getting more $ for kentucy
Does Rand Paul really care about the people? You have to cover pre existing on people that got sick during Obamacare. I'm so disappointed
Please get something passed! Hopelessness for Republicans and conservatives in 2018 could be a disaster.
REPEAL REPEAL REPEAL
NO GOVERNMENT RUN HEALTHCARE!!!
Amen
Those who voted Trump and those who voted against Hillary wanted what was promised, repeal. Nothing less will do.
Please include alternative care like Accupuncture as it is been proven for centuries and saver than drugs
Neil... Meh. Via Via traitor!
How is this a just law.
Hey Mr. President and Rand Paul. How is forcing people to buy health care insurance they couldn't afford before or be fined.
This is a tough call.  Many don't want the Gov in health care at all.
RAND PAUL PLEASE STICK UP FOR THE NATIVE AMERICANS AT STANDING ROCK. THE PIPELINE IS GOING THROUGH SACRED
Do you know  when a Republican is lying? His mouth is moving.
Rand is working hard and one of the few sensible Republicans in Washington
Replace/repeal....but make it better!
I think if they can get the best bill possible that what counts even if it takes all this back & forth.
Lead the way rand, give up your free government healthcare insurance and sign onto trumpcare
Our elected Republicans who cause Health Care reform to stall OR fail WILL BE REPLACED, they should be looking for new work.
I trust Rand Paul very much on this issue let's hope the other members do to
Happy that Potus listens to Rand Paul
@realDonaldTrump needs to realize 99% of his voters have more faith in a Rand Paul approved Health Care plan than a Mitch McConnell plan.
POS 9
Close down k street and America will flourish ... k street lobbyists are a death to the republic
So get back in there and compromise if the @ GOP doesn't get this done it will be bad @ the polls
finally someone talking sense! Repeal and Replace NOT re-write !!! ps. NO Gov subsidies for Big Insurance !!!
We don't want the government involved in our health insurance!! It's not your place! Stop the madness-full repeal!!
@RandPaul  I'm with you on more of a repeal!  But can you get that? Which is better, nothing or something?
He thought but was he?

How can I share this on Facebook?
Thanks for standing strong Paul
What we need to do is have a free market health care plan where insurance companies compete with one another so insurance costs less.
Ty, @RandPaul!
You think the President is in charge here? Get real.
Unfortunate, appears Mr. Paul feels our President has an open mind and prepared to work out a better bill? No word on what our Reps will do?
Does anyone think members of congress are concerned about there health care coverage. Hell no they have great coverage at tax payers expense
This bill passed parliamentarian-
So where does @McConnell get off claiming the parliamentarian is stopping further repeal
PaulRyan'sWords
Agree that ACA has to be repealed. Don't need Obamacare lite.
Thank you for your No vote.. the bill is Mean.
Thank you @RandPaul for standing up for your beliefs and the American people. Working w/@realDonaldTrump shows true leadership. #MAGA
Please pass Consumer Freedom Amendment proposed by @tedcruz so that premiums can come down; if not 2018 will be bloodbath for GOP. WISE UP!!
National Review Online has great article about amdmt @tedcruz is pushing to address high premiums. It is EXCELLENT compromise. Please do it.
I trust your judgement completely!
So what are saying? You are still not going to help make it better? Just bitch and say no? Hope all your voters in Kentucky are watching.
Make Congress take the same ins as everyone else. NO MORE GOV INS. EXEPT FOR MILITARY!!!@realDonaldTrump
The healthcare bill must be balanced to benefit the poor and middle class.
I'm glad the POTUS is "open minded". Why aren't you?  Now get to work and get this thing passed!
A bunch of money hungry morons they all are about our money in their pockets that's the bottom line
@courierjournal Kentucky how do u all keep putting up with these clowns. Robbing you of your coverage to pay lobbyists @SenateMajLdr
Keep the Dr./patient relationship as decision maker.
Does it promote competition?
Yes
Stop .. Stop-thinking .. You making a bigger ass than usual of yourself 
Rand Paul who made you boss!
@SenRonJohnson @SenTedCruz @SenRandPauI @SenMikeLee @SenDeanHeller At what point will Debt kill USA? $20 trillion-Repeal ACA or vote no!
Don't give tax breaks to the Insurance companies.. their CEO's make millions a year. Insurance companies are the devil.
We r waiting 4 ur town hall. We have ALOT to talk about.
Grow up and support the president! Get off the high horse u put urself on.or else will be stocked with Ocare, and will b ur fault
You had 8 yrs. to produce bill. Uniparty GOP all talk. Content to be paid off by lobbyists. U suck
Not Dems!!!
Then get it right
Blah blah @RandPaul heard it before. Get it done like U promised, U have the house,senate and WH, u said thats what u needed repeal&replace
Defund pp
Trump doesn't know what is a "no", he wants everything without thinking is consequences
Rand Paul needs to stay strong. This is not a good bill
@MissEMT37 @RandPaul @POTUS Rand subsidies are what help the poor, disabled and elderly.  You've had 7 yrs to come up with bill. ??



Full repeal only!!!
We need to get the government out and let the Insurance companies compete for our business just the way that auto & home companies compete.
Stupid party gone mad.
REPEAL REPEAL REPEAL!!! Let's Focus GOP
Agree!  Needs more work
Let Senators Paul, Cruz and Barasso co-author the bill...!!!
Of course you did @RandPaul on Fox news about says all I need about you. #TrumpRussia you must have deal with private prisons and Russia too
REPEAL the entire mess O *care*. Health insurance premiums must come down. We need to be able to purchase health ins across states lines
If he was open-minded, he'd include the democrats in amending Obamacare.
The President is a deal maker a negotiator. He is open minded.
I don't think that a government that has control of Social Security and Medicade has any business in our healthcare.
I have Medicare and VA health care, both of which are very cost effective, and I am happy with both.  I wish everyone had Medicare.
Pompous ass!
#StandWithRand
#REPEAL #REPEAL Get government out of our healthcare, out of insurance AND OUT OF OUR LIVES!!!!
@MONAKatOILS @RandPaul @POTUS What happened to getting rid of State line health ins monopolies? It's a rhetorical ? Lobbyists!!!!
Dont always agree with sen paul but I respect his conviction.
Well Senator how about you being open minded and passing the bill instead of freeze drying food with your dad preparing for the apocalypse !
Here you go Rand .. AMERICA VOTED YOU IN AND CAN REVERSE THIS! DO WHATEVER IS NEEDED!
Why — you've never wanted healthcare for all Americans… big government right, so you're going after veterans next… Right Rand! #FakeDoctor
OUR PRESIDENT IS TRYING TO HELP AMERICANS THAT WILL SUFFER IF U ALL DONT GET THIS BILL PASSED.STOP BEING A BABY ABOUT IT.GET IT DONE!
U R NOT GOING 2 GET UR PERFECT CUSTOM HEALTHCARE PLAN!U NEED TO ACCEPT THE TWEAKS TO IT&GET ON BOARD.U&THE OTHERS THAT MESS THIS UP,WILL PAY

He's always open minded & learning. U stuck in the muck DNC & GOP politicians continuously fight him.  We know it & u won't be reelected
How big of him.
Simple. 1 pg bill "repeal ACA". 51 votes. Done!
Better for who and how many!!
The Fed. Gov. Has no business regulating or paying for healthcare. That is one pf the fundamental building blocks of Marxism. Kill Obamacare
Don't crush great to achieve impossible perfection
Too bad you and the other 5 aren't as 'open minded' as DJT. I don't care what you have against AHCA a NO vote is a vote to keep ACA. SHAME
Repeal ACA totally and start over with market driven insurance, with choices, and tort reform, buy across states
We had that before Obamacare, and it didn't work.
Still worried about your definition of "better," Senator, but I honestly don't expect an answer from you. I'm not rich enough to talk to.
We don't want any bill. We don't want insurance lobbists deciding our healthcare or lining Congress pockets. Freemarket healthcare.
Another @$$ licker. If any one out there is planning on entering a congressional race: Practice puckering up
"There's nothing lower than stealing from the poor " JD Vance's Mammaw
Open up the competition remove regulations restore price based on risk eliminate hospital/Dr monopolies
Unlike you, who would cripple @potus effort by holding out for YourPet ideas.
You guys need to back our President.
You mean POTUS was not open to your ideas????
See PBS NewsHour interview of Dr Ken Davis yesterday. Follow Ken Janda. #SinglePayer
The misconception is conception
Seven years, seven years to prepare a replacement health care plan. Control in both houses and a President on your side. What happened.
I agree that insurance and BigPharma are profiteering.  Here's the fix-end fee for service HC, instead be outcome-based and use #singlepayer
To bad you didn't stand behind your President!
I don't know if anyone is ever described Donald Trump as being open minded told anything
You must hate babies if you think only women should have to pay for having a baby. Insurance doesn't work if everyone's not in.
People cannot predict illness or pregnancies either. Unfunded care in our hospitals make this unsustainable #singlepayer
Thank you for your commitment to full #repeal and confidence in the free market.
Multi-payer not affordable administrative waste to the tune of $.30 on the dollar #MedicareForAll costeffective/covers everyone
The country doesnt meed preening peacovks.  They need to support President Trump
How about growing a spine and Just Repeal Obamacare??? What part of we DON'T WANT SOCIALIZED Healthcare
Please make sure the elderly are covered well!! That generation has worked hard, paid their dues...take care of them!!
Seeing as Congress writes the law, that's good.
WE THE PEOPLE ARE VERY UPSET THAT THE GOP DOES NOT HAVE THEIR CRAP TOGETHER WE ARE GETTING DONE WITH THE GOP BACK TO TEA PARTY @POTUS
I guess the Koch brothers want what they want.
The swamp has some almost good creatures and some horrid ones, but all have venom.
Stick to what we sent you there to do. Government has no business in the insurance game. To be honest you suck at it. Repeal add free market
I hope your equally open minded let's get good balance between fiscal responsibility and support for needy
Be careful Mr. Paul. You know dissent will get you blistered by the Pro-Trump PACs out there. 
Does that mean doing the right thing and have all involved?
So sit down with him and work something iut
Duh, Rand....I doubt trump understood anything you said...except for the tax saving part that applies to all of you.
We need a list of the Republicans who will get a tax break with this bill!!!
1.75 million veterans rely on Medicaid,the Republican Party is beyond disgusting
But Medicaid isn't being "cut"!
