@BUTTONSANDBOW @realDonaldTrump another $80 for test strips and needles.
@BUTTONSANDBOW @realDonaldTrump please make it better for my type 1 diabetic son. We have to pay $1100 a month, just 4 insulin.
What else do you agree on?
ATTN @RandPaul! Do you AGREE or DISAGREE with @realDonaldTrump comparison of US Intel agencies to Nazi Germany? 

…
Words, Words, lets not brag till we have something for sure. Don't repeal till you evaluate the pros & cons.
We will NOT applaud Congress for doing the bare minimum of Good Governance.
That there was ANY plans to do otherwise is worrisome - no, let's be honest; it was insanity.  Idiocy.
The GOP has a personal agenda. They have forgotten they work for the people. Taking America backwards.
It does not need to be repealed for any other reason than "SPITE". It needs to be improved, not repealed.
With what exactly???
Sen. Paul- Thank you for the partnership with our President Elect on this critical topic!
Right on! Stay the course gentlemen! America is behind you! Let the liberals cry! Let them cry!
Ryan, prove to us that you're a true patriot. We are watching you.
Coverage for EVERYONE regardless of age, income, ethnicity, pre-existing conditions, or gender! #savehealthcare
Repeal/don't replace.  Get govt out of healthcare.  End 1095. Medicare, Medicaid, VA - singlepayer govt nitemares
keep Medicaid expansion. Find a way to pay for it if you do not want to tax your rich friends. Non negotiable
Tell the insurance companies to bring down our deductibles. Outrageous $3K $5K & $10K plus. Absurd. #bringitdown
why don't we replace the Republicans since you're the ones that are causing this country to go down the toilet
I live in KY.  Thank you for working on this. #thankful...my hubby's ins premium went up.
let's see the bill!!! What are you hiding?!?! #CrookedAsAThreeDollarBill
there is no reason new replacement package can't be implemented, it's what's best for all, common logic unity
I hope you plan to buy YOUR personal health insurance from the GOP's new plan. End congressional health plans and pensions.
health care for the healthy, for the rich.. you have no plan for the majority..
Lets replace Paul Ryan and Rand Paul instead
Make them put back the 68 billion dollars that they took out of medicare funds to get their oblameacare started!
dear mr Paul after 15 years their is still us troops in Afghanistan please speak up for these men and women and
care about them by demanding the us troops be brought home
Ryan sent me uncaring form letter in an email after I sent him one telling how ACA helped my daughter and should not be repealed
replace with what?
With what?
What about a promise to KILL the MANDATE to buy insurance? How about repealing the tax penalty if ppl don't buy?
Repub's have had 6 YEARS to decide on a health plan to replace the ACA.They haven't done it! Trump will be pissed
Rand ur the only one I trust on Healthcare, please don't let the RINOs eff this up
They're probably going to give healthcare to the corporate oligarchy. They have no other wisdom.
And yet not a peep from Ryan on TERM LIMITS for Congress!
I can't wait to get details on a replacement from you guys. This should be a lot of fun.
Why was a balanced budge not passed?  why the hell not just repeal obombacare?  Americans are getting fed up!
STOP SPENDING MY FEDERAL RESERVE NOTES!!!
OK Senator I have to admit that their are times I really like you. However that does not extd yo WH Rubio,Mccain
glad we have someone in the current time with some sense
Replace with high risk pools??? Not going to work. #LetThemDie
you #POS for voting NO! #Rhino
How about paying for your own healthcare first before you revoke this, hypocrites!
you obviously don't know Rand.
He won't spend tax money on so much as a haircut. Hence his hair, lol.
ONLY ONE OPTION!   "SINGLE PAYER!"
@maddow @CNNPolitics
You know  he doesn't understand what you are pushing. R's are leading him around like a lost child. Ridiculous.
Don't replace and repeal, why don't you improve upon it? It is already good but not perfect. Do something good.
socialism is NOT GOOD!
ACA increased my insurance over 10x what is was before!
Stop advocating Theft
ACA didn't increase your insurance, the insurance company did.

Your ignorance proceeds you. If ACA goes away your rates will go even higher.
lol I am at work, paying for YOUR ACA right now, 
So I'll address your claim of my "ignorance" when I'm done supporting you
Clueless aren't you, so sad. You don't even know what ACA is.
still at work, Loveanother 2hours, 45 mins of paying for your free stuff, then I will address your insult to my intelligence 
