House Obamacare Lite plan keeps Obamacare taxes for another year
It keeps Obamacare subsidies but renames them "refundable credits."
Their plan keeps the Obamacare "Cadillac Tax" forever, which is a tax on the best health insurance.
It keeps individual mandate but makes you pay the insurance companies instead of the government
And it keeps insurance company subsidies forever.
Love your passion for this, Senator. Keep on fighting. I think I'd be most comfortable with your bill being the standard!
No doubt! His method is probably an even more effective way of murdering poors! Well done!
Really?!?!? Murdering poor people?!??! That is one of the creepiest thing's I have read. Good Job Dude!
how 'bout just passing Mo Brooks bill for starters http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2017/03/27/alabama-republican-rep-mo-brooks-introduces-one-line-bill-to-repeal-obamacare/ … repeal Ocare, then let free market take over
Go to cash only option...those with the cash get healthcare.  Would drastically cut prices and reveal the true GOP goal..tax cuts.
This plan is an absolute disaster. Please do something about this!
Concrete evidence Congress is a Mess
#COSProject

@MacThornberry @GregAbbott_TX @DanPatrick @JohnCornyn @SenTedCruz @cjgrisham
please help amend it when it gets to the Senate!
I agree Senator, repeal ACA and don't replace it, get government out of healthcare business and out of WE THE PEOPLE'S business
Hahaha. The military is the closest thing we have to pure socialism in this country. Housing, education, pension,medical
How they can't understand that simple fact's mind boggling. Plus, Rand & all Electeds love their govt health
I'm surprised how horrible this rollout was. They took so much time, and this is what they came up with? Wtf
Agreed. Most Republicans in Congress are trash. Actually, most Congress members are trash. More Rands please.
Yup to the first two statements. I wonder what Tom Price's role was, if any, in this process.
Agree. Fix the damn thing/systems, don't just repackage it.
Fully Repeal ObamaTax-Based Sen Paul-U R surrounded by Goblins-yet u Fight on-Father send Your power&victory4your PPLinChristsName
Thank you, Senator Paul!  Stand strong.
I agree, but trying to take an entitlement away from the masses?  Never going to nappen.
YES! and opening access. Prices cannot come down without competition and transparency. O Lite continues march to single payer.
why can't the Republicans get this right? I have no confidence in the party anymore, rolled out with solid division. SMH
Can the simple repeal be done today?? Will you guys agree on that??
Amer ppl want Cong, WH to work together to get best plan Pres Trump says will negotiate so get to work and stop whining #Obamacare
I still don't get idea "taxes = bad". Certainly shouldn't be spent poorly, but if it pays for a public good that benefits society…
The taxes at the fed level are bad cause they're unconstitutional.  If each state wishes to run a program they can.
I can appreciate that (the "must originate in the House" thing). OTOH, House *can* enact taxes for things but GOP won't
I'm all for no fed involvement per 10A and leaving programs for the poor and elderly at the state level.
A shame many of the states aren't providing enough for them, then (and many GOP-controlled, so unlikely to start).
That's why we need to quit laundering $$$ through DC.  So much waste & inefficiency is due to federal involvement.
do something about this. We don't want Obama care light; we want repeal and replace
or repeal and get out of my way. I don't need the government to care for my family, that's my job
I agree. Government has no business in my health insurance.
Are you going to give up your Medicare when u get older? How about social security?
Um, first of all, I am 55 years. Second, I was a US PCV and currently work for the US AF.
Senator,can't you find some little something that the Democrats want,that Republicans can trade them for an appeal of both mandates in #ACA?
That would give the House, more time to come up with a better, simpler, plan that both parties & most of Congress can agree to.
I know that a healthcare plan, has to be put together in the House, but can't they put together a #simple plan that everyone can easily read
@RandPaul that everyone can #easily_read & #understand?
find a place to negotiate and lets move on this now
sounds like they're not stopping mandates, taxes. @realDonaldTrump listen to Rand Paul on this.
Repeal, get the government out of healthcare, they screw up everything they touch!
how would you fix it.  High cost of healthcare limits growth in the economy overall.  Free market works when consumers can choose

all people should get the same insurance as you have.
@joethepatriotic What was released states that it stops mandate. Does it not? If not, how so?
#ObamacareLite keeps mandate, transfers it from being forced to pay feds, to being forced to pay ins cos @Mallo2t https://twitter.com/Mallo2t/status/839203150645055488 …
Where, in the HR did it state this?
Dear Sen @RandPaul Where in the Constitution is any of that permitted? Laws that allow competition in insurance and medicine would be
how much money are ypu getting from lobbyist? Tell the truth Swampy rand paul!
Absolutely correct: it's not about "health" or "care," or any thing but SOAKING the Middle Class, and giving their money to cronys
Agree
Americans want to be able to buy Health insurance over state lines.  More competition means cheaper prices. Put it in this bill!
#StandWithRand #StandWithRand #StandWithRand #StandWithRand #StandWithRand #StandWithRand #StandWithRand #StandWithRand
Please work together to pass a plan. Don't risk our majority in 2018 by failing to act now
@DrMarco1815
Why didn't you already have your own plan ready to go?
He did if I'm not mistaken.
The reports I hear are that he is currently working with others.
It was a good thing it didnt get threw but we definitely need ur bill
…@RandPaul Identify cost and implement tort reform and let free market handle rest. Just repeal statist healthcare regime with NO replace!
Won't work with healthcare. Do you want to tell your Doc which tests and/or procedures you want.
- please bring us free market principles. You are one of the only on the Hill we hear talking about them regularly.
- we don't want to simply swap a broken big govt system for another broken big govt system.
Present better ideas. You have the position & will have the opportunity. Work it out, please. #ACA is killing me financially.
.@randpaul "My problem with this plan to fuck the poor and sick is that it doesn't fuck them thoroughly or deeply enough"
Libertarians basically think: if you are too poor to afford medical insurance the country is better off if you die.
No, we think that there's a catastrophic insurance plan that meets your budget if the country makes it legal.
@realDonaldTrump  Republican conservative.The idea was 2 get rid of mandates/entitlements, My taxes NOT benefiting me. Start over.
@MyName_IsJohn pick a side
he generally does a good job choosing the side of liberty. In this case, he seems to be on the consumers' side.
U should also be helping seniors who worked their whole lives & can't afford ins or medications! It's AWFUL!
that's a result of government.
POTUS says negotiations you should not have gone against him in public. i think he has had enough of it. So haven't we
I'm not a Rand supporter, but the dicktater days should be OVER
wait see if he listens for changes 1st. that's all I am saying.
Never be upset when people publicly disagree. This is STILL USA, NOT USSR. No more backroom deals, I hope.
i pray not. this stuff has to stop people have to be accountable now not later
AMEN! RINO s have a hard time learning lessons.
well three strikes there out. no more mistakes we can not handle them. do their jobs or walk on
please speak up on our behalf! This is NOT a replacement. It's a fix.
REPEAL, DO NOT REPLACE #Obamacare! US govt must not takeover/run health care biz! Regulate, okay. But run it, no. 
#MAGA
@GOP Rand Paul should be getting the ACA FIXED and call the ACA by it's rightful name and actually make it an Affordable Care Act
@daveweigelsorry rand no joke, but you are a joke
work with the plan to make it happen. Be part of the team to make it better/work!!
@PrisonPlanetTV only the sick need a doctor and NO ONE should be taxed for being healthy.
U can't just wipe out subsidies all at once. States & recipients can't be left without. vote on this as step 1 Don't be an ass!
you have my prayers Rand, please remember that We support you on this venture. This MUST be done right, and right by US not THEM!!
@NetworksManager absolutely agree get a job take care of yourself unless your disabled or elderly maybe a few less fancy phones
We still need to have the opportunity to buy across state lines.
@NANAS_RANT All Americans want to know? Lower Premiums? Deductibles? For ALL? Including insured by employers.
do yo know if it covers illegals, because that would be really crazy if
yes!
Push on!
it is Obamacare lite, keeps all the cost and cuts half the coverage while providing tax incentives for execs making over .5 mill
once again we get stuck paying for everyone not fair
give up your senate pension and benefits that too is entitlement reform isn't it?
Repeal & replace Trumpcare with capitalism!
That's a stupid statement!! 
Get the government out of the healthcare insurance welfare business. NO ENTITLEMENTS. NO TAX CREDITS. NO MANDATES.
preach!
@TrumpsDisciple I don't agree with mandates or ENTITLEMENTS, here we go again. This doesn't need to be jammed down our throats.
must B done in steps!Can't leave recipients & states without suddenly! work with Potus!
Curious, Senator: How do people with chronic, expensive diseases (T1 diabetes) get affordable health care w/o mandates/tax/ent?
seriously. Love you ddy Randal. This bill is shit. Pure and simple. I can say it, you can't but it's truth!
NEGOTIATE
@B_C_Drew I have 2 agree w/u for once.I want to insurance shop where  I want low cost and low price on scripts.
the term "entitlements" Rand Paul speaks of is insulting to those of us who have had to pay for them unlike congress has
go in and work this out. Fix it. That's what we pay you guys for. Unite and move on - lots to do in 4 years.
make a universal health plan like most other industrialized nation's
Please work on making it better/acceptable
Don't let it pass...it isn't what we want!
THANK YOU FOR THIS!  Critical to Americans to improve ACA by removing mandates, taxes and entitlements, not destroy it.
No carriers crossing state lines is a deal killer.
Then fix it!
exactly my take on this there will always be those who cannot afford insurance now we going to fine them???
Also, what about lowering costs and crossing state lines?
the taxes Rand Paul speaks of are for the wealthy and they should not only stay but should increase. STOP ACA REPEAL
rand you a nice guy but healthcare doesn't work for free market, everyone is forced to have it to stay alive so it's a monopoly
Hey Rand, nobody is listening to you  (except that joke loon Alex Jones)
@DavidShaunBurke   Please give it time. Obamacare has had 7 years to fuck it up. We can't fix everything in two months.
.@RandPaul This is a start to end OCare.Get on board with parts 2&3 to get YOUR reforms in place.Can't do it all at once or will cause chaos
Free Market is the only acceptable replacement. Make your fellow republicans be true republicans, not RINOs.
@RealAlexJones 2/2 There is still Medicaid for millions of peeps. I don't know WHY the govt got into ins game in 1st place.
Completely agree with you Senator. Please represent us and move forward with your plan. Trump promised repeal!
@TheNewFauxTimes Yup that will solve everything if your a rich physician and senator.
I'm a new college grad, and first in my family to enter middle class. I can't pay 300$ a month w/12,000 deductible. F.U.
If we don't regulate (mandate) insurance companies only the healthy will be insured.
It's a garbage bill, but human beings are entitled to healthcare. 
@RandPaul
No we're not entitled to it, but at least make it affordable
then do it.  No compromise.
TELL EM RAND! #WereNotGonnaTakeIt
We get it...tax breaks for the wealthy.
well get busy.. it's the first draft, so don't make political hay and get to work..
If you dont there wont be a repub majority in 18. Especially the mandates.
does it at least meet our expectations of what we were actually going to get
Glad I was able to do so for his Senate race.
And it appears that the president thinks it is "wonderful." I had hoped he would veto RepubiCare, but apparently not.
It's not Obama Care Lite it's #Trumpcare. C'mon when has this guy not wanted his name on something?!?
I don't want my health care attached to gov. In any way. No entitlements!!! I don't want to pay for your health care
No subsidies!
Then fix it Obama shoved this lousy Bill down our throats, you've had 6 years to have one ready get it done, Period, and now.
100% correct & what's stupid 95% of people who made out from free Obamacare still ain't gonna vote for the GOP.
@infowars especially given its legitimately 2 complicated 4 the avg person 2 understand, they just know they want covg #ACATruth
@RealAlexJones    Best medicine is Private medicine not Gov't democratic bureaucratic Aspirin
what can the people do to help your/our cause. You are leading the charge and we are behind you 100%
Thank You Senator Paul.
Yeah well the guy pulling the strings (Paul Ryan) works hard for the communist Democrats, so no surprise there. #repealobamacare
@infowars staying on COBRA would almost always b less than ind plan & if EVERY1 stays, there is no adverse selection #ACATruth
COBRA costs $1,200 a month! That's not a fix
Keep fighting the good fight Senator Paul.
@CNN @MSNBC @freedomcaucus @NancyPelosi @SenSchumer Obamacare Lite,2.0,or whatever.D's,R's,off Television,into a room work it out.
@daveweigel we should let them die instead!!
some give and take  work together or all perish
just lower people deductables and it would help
Reply to @RandPaul And exclude illegal immigrants
So, you want more riots, delays, political battles- help Create Jobs &get people off welfare & this- That's how you lead to #MAGA
we hire a government to take care of people. Otherwise u are useless
well, lets debate...change and re-write. That's how congress is supposed to work.
why not individual policies that follow you not your employer?  Hsa for everyone? Etc
you are pointless
I'm 66 but healthy Seen Dr 6Xs in 20 yrs NO Prescriptions
Why should I pay higher rates? 
Why not base on past health records?
Or, you could not agree and we all end up with  Obamacare regular.
.@RepMcSally It also hurts medicaid recipients & seniors. This is more big govt payola to pharma & insurers. Fight it!
Has anyone considered a graduated step down of government involvement in the healthcare mess?
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS 
Amen, @RandPaul The GOP estab, who got their asses kicked, are identical to the left. Prez mustn't support them.
thank you for standing up for us
No wonder they were hiding it from you and @randpaulcopier!!!
We are with you Senator. This should be a bipartisan bill that in the end is good for America and everyone is happy.
@infowars Y should ppl b allowed 2 spend tax credits as they wish, then burden tax payers/plan mems when they get sick? #ACATruth
Repeal the bill. Let the markets take care of the rest
ha. You came to the right outcome (AHA is bad) for all the wrong reasons.
Thank you, Rand Paul. A nice voice over the deafening silence from @tedcruz and others.
ah man I told my congressman that
the current ACA is killing MC families. We want govt OUT of our HC. Fines? Supporting others while we have to choose between
paying for our family's HC or our mortgage and other bills? 8 years of govt intrusion must stop.
are you a doctor? If you are then what happened to the promise of caring for patients?
If I were a patient of yours and I heard what you want to do. I would find a doctor who actually cares.
It's scary to think that you are running loose wanting this done.
I think you forgot about your hypocratic oath you pledged to do.
You know how important it is to keep the pre-existing conditions.
Every able bodied American should be working! No need for tax rebates/subsidies. No more freebies off working Americans backs!!!
they work 4 Drs. As PMs, and no insurance offered. They did not qualify for sub. Subsidy was calc. In gross, not net.
Is that only at the inception of the plan or at any "special enrollment" period per HIPAA? Thanks 2/2
@Mags4Trump U referring to bills in this way does not help! It feeds the Dems. If U disagree, speak up and help change not divide
This is not what we voted in a Repub majority to do. We were promised Repeal and Replace, not piecemeal BS. Fight them on this.
you are correct that repeal means repeal. We are not stupid and the @SenateGOP @HouseGOP are playing a costly game
agreed..  so dive in, get to work and start the give and take process.
@Mags4Trump
@hectormorenco baby steps 
Amendment: "Moderate-High Compounding Interest Rates."
Set competitively by banks, but it needs to have awesome growth to be worth it.
Rename Trump Extra and add more mandates, taxes and entitlements to make it work. - 59 year old life long Republican.
only THEN; will the cost go down
it does have many problems and glad it will not pass. We have diff reasons why, but as long as they are both "no pass" we're good
Senator Paul, I hear you have a plan.  Anyway that the citizens could see it, read it and then talk to out representatives?
I agree with you sir and back you 100%
I admit I had my hopes up. We have not had insurance for 2 years bc of government.
If you can get 60 votes for your plan, do it, else get on board with Ryan.
GOP should also be stopping the tying of insurance to employment, not keeping it.
No money for HSA. Child with preexisting? Live reality.  Buy your insurance with average income.  Cant do it. Ignorant.
@KGBShill So.SIMPLE ur IDEAS! WHY.r they DEAF? PLS. OPEN ur EYE N EARS ! d GOP CRITICS HELP B PRODUCTIVE! 4 ONCE!
@socalmike_SD 2018 is looking scary thus far... if the GOP breakdown and turn y'all backs on the America1st agenda..the NWOist won
stay strong and fight against it!
Not surprised just disappointed again hold your ground history will be kind. God Bless
you can say what you want to say in a more congenial way, your "Obama light" rhetoric gave fodder to the enemy
Thank you for refusing to be bullied into signing something bad just so Trump can put a feather in his cap.
@socalmike_SD I back out @POTUS 700% ..he our only hope in keeping the American Dream alive... do what have to be done to Back him
As a KY guy you've really let me down
I agree the mandates/penalties the cadillac tax and other tax credits need to be deleted! This isn't a full repeal! REPEAL THE ACA
@Ellysa_Maye You've got your hands on it now. I believe @POTUS said something about negotiation. Get it done.
You sound like someone being paid off by the Insurance companies. Is the ACA cutting in to your profits? KY loses with you!
you have to start somewhere.   I believe this is a good start.  Do what you can when you can.  Get to work Senator Paul.
For God's sake work together and get this done, we need you all to negotiate and work it out!
#FullRepeal
@RealAlexJones  well, fix it!
You need to follow the lead, sir. You're turning into an ungrateful liberal!
what happens when the GOP kills the EPA and more of us Kentuckians get sick from the water? are we supposed to just die, then?
yeah I'm not going to engage in discourse with "Trump's Conscience," but have a nice Tuesday
Likewise, "vaccine haver."
please make the affordable care act more affordable, cover more people and covers without restrictions.
@godsavecroatia Do you realize your "plan" might actually kill some poor folks? Does that make you a murderer? #JustAsking
lobbyist, corrupt greedy Washington law makers, and politicians can't cut off the hands of crooks who feed them. Sickening SOB'S
I like you rand....but I don't have shit for Paul ryan, schummer, mccain, and most of Washington.  Ted, Lee and you are good
We need a single payer or at least public option system
Thank you Senator for you hard work on this! We're all excited!
