Rand Paul is so misguided here he really needs to get a clue
1973 War Powers Resolution would suggest that Rand is correct. Your thoughts?
1993
1973 actually. Still curious what you think about that
So long as no protracted military operation all that is required is notification.   Anything further will need congressional approval
But original constitutional intent was that the pres would require congress approval to attack another country unless self defense
Yep original. But are you saying amendments and precedents are null and void?
I'm saying the exec branch has extended its authority that the legislative could legitimately take power back based on constitutional law
Stop lying with your hair
Acts of war require congressional approval. And a missile strike on air base is definitely an act of war. #Warhawks #readtheconstitution!
False. Military action doesn't require a declaration of war. Only long term military action does
Potus may only take unilateral action if its to address an imminent threat to America. Read war powers resolution act.
I did. He has 60 days to get approval or he can't continue military action. And Obama set precedent in Libya so....
The war powers resolution clearly states that congress needs to be notified 48 hours in advance to an action like this.
Where in the Constitution does it say this was wrong?  Go away, Rand Paul.  Quietly.
Think is the operative word. Title 50 US CODE
I think the curls in your hair are wound a little too tight. It was not unconstitutional. He was justified
Bonnie, this act could trigger WWlll.R U sending ur sons or daughters 2 war? Not me
It's all about installing their central bank & pipeline & fighting Israel's dirty wars.  It's madness & MUST BE STOPPED before it's too late
Not sure if it's unconstitutional, but most likely goes against War Powers Resolution from the Nixon era
In this case i agree with our @POTUS . No more leading from behind.
Another reason why you've lost in every presidential election. Simply put, you are wrong.
Random Paul is full of crap! He's not the president!
I think you need to read the Constitution!
Rand is so high on himself that he is not good for the Republican Party.
TO SERVE AMERICA IS LIKE SHOWING YOUR TRUE COMPASSION AND SUPPORT TO YOUR PEOPLE, REMEMBER THE PEARL HARBOR?????
You are sounding dangerous to our national safety. Are you sure you are not a Dem?
WRONG AGAIN, SENATOR
Unconstitutional , dangerous
He is right this is just like the story of weapons of mass destruction in Irak
S.J.Res.21 - Authorization for the Use of Military Force Against the Government of Syria to Respond to Use of Chemical Weapons
@RandPaul You're coming across as naive & stupid.  Not what the U.S. needs now.
, you do real well, untill you talk about foreign policy. Your idea isn't the majority. That's why u won't win the WH.
@TrinityBeliever @RandPaul ran Paul there is a read on you lost . You are not good enough to be president.
I chose the Democrats and all the people that thought Russia had Trump in its back pocket were wrong
Need to stick to medical you have no knowledge of the law
We need to get to our foundation as quickly as possible and start doing what is right and Just.
Just because Obummer was weak and full of fear doeant mean that we should continue this way of life.
I cant believe you are saying this. PRESIDENT Trump did right by responding this way.
Oh how happy you are not the president!!!
And this is why the American people didn't want you for president! Weak! @RandPaul
Just when i say this man has some good things to say, he says something stupid.
Paul, enlighten me with page and paragraph in the Constitution to substantiate your assertion.
So if the US was bombed by China on the West Coast that wouldn't be considered an act of war just asking
"Rand is Wrong"...I thought he knew that Trump was WELL WITHIN THE LAW OF THE LAND.
The Constitution, how quaint.
Hush up rand.
If we have make in a America missles let's use um. What happens if they fly south next time to Isreal? WW3.
You're right. It is unconstitutional. Obviously, 45 has already forgotten he sworn to uphold the Constitution.
Oh Rand.....
Rand Paul, please shut up. It's way past time our country showed who is in charge. If you are not on the team go home.
Sorry Rand you're wrong, this country only has one commander-in-chief, not 454. Wait and see if we get there . it's always about you
You're outnumbered and not always right. Stop please!
He's an idiot!
Oh snap Trump took put airbase that protected a #Christian village @FoxBusiness @Suziechka @RandPaul
This is a time for unity, Sen. Rand ! 
That's right Have a robust debate then let the enemy know ur plans b/c u all can not keep ur mouths shut While ur debating Trump will act
What would YOU have done in the President's shoes?  Assad has to go, as we are already involved in the Middle East!
I would have waited for more fake intelligence
Get out of the Way..Deadbeat
C'mon.... war has been your core business for decades.
How much did this twerp speak out against the last POTUS when he did the same thing, many times?
What a candy ass hill billy. Yea, stay up on the porch & shut up.
@FoxNews @RandPaul 
Did anybody tell RandPaul, Hillary wanted strike? That should make him feel better. The thorn in the side!
You THINK?
Hey Doctor, read the war powers act.
Very Sad to have this guy in Senate.
When our troops are in danger with chem weapons we need to send a message
@FoxNews @RandPaul Assad did evil. Did you forget that #America fights evil? U want to 1st discuss maybe reacting, like wimp #obama redline.
Ukraine ....... Poroshenko
@FoxNews @RandPaul It's just you're opinion and it doesn't matter .
Come on prez ,here is 1 of those needing drained from that swamp of ours
Rand Paul thinks everything is unconstitutional except his obstructionist actions. Why should his constituents re-elect him?
@randpaul commentng to hear himself heard; nothing more!
Stick to fixing healthcare and see if you can find a pair a nads somewhere.
@FoxNews you just can't keep talking you got to take action
Of course you do.
You're quiet when drone strike on American citizen not charged or convicted of anything but cruise missiles are unconstitutional? Umm..ok!?
Why the hell didn't you get something done before???  Every damn one of you
So we've been drone striking at will the last 8 yrs and now cruise missiles are different? Terrorists / chems what's the difference?
No current law can stop Trump or a future US president from launching nukes on a whim http://read.bi/2nmT0lg 
We can all think..But your not Commander in Chief, the Donald is...
#SyriaStrikes....NO it WAS NOT unconstitutional sir! Read the law!
2 bad you flushed a lot of your credibility away to golf so you can redo the ACA was it worth it! What is going on!?
#POTUS is following #Obama w/ #StrikeonSyria   We don't know who killed innocent
@RandPaul you're just a deluded fool! Shame Kentucky hasn't voted you out!!
Oh!! Kentucky should vote this deluded fool out!!
Congress is so slow and loud the whole world would of known and we would still b waiting for a decision. DTS, MAGA. It's starting. Thanks DT
Even we know it wasn't. What sense in having a potus. If judges could over rule and he can't protect us. Now he can speak to congress!!
Thank God you're not our president
I think you Sen Paul are wrong ( once again )
and you would not be correct, Mr. Paul.  We did not go to war.
It is astonishing that some GOP senators feel that it's OK to kill woman and children with chemical weapons and do nothing.
Key words "I Think" - Free nations have Moral Obligation to stop anyone using Chemical, Bio or Nuclear weapons.
You only used nuclear weapons against people
Yes we did to defeat evil Empire from taking over Asia/USA & we also stopped Hitler from taking over Europe & Russian, consider that 
many kids ???????
So is gassing kids…well, technically, maybe it’s not, but #YouGetThePoint
A d you'd be wrong.  Go away you dork!
Make a decision nothing will get accomplished. #voteoutrandpaul
The killing of all of those innocent children and Paul wants us to have a meeting. Well, the length of time it takes any of them to
There is a reason why he lost badly in the presidential campaign.
THE CONSTITUTIONALLY AUTHORITIZED CONGRESS GAVE THE POTUS THE RIGHT TO ACT FOR 90 DAYS MILITARILY IF NEEDED!
Where will you hide when they come for you, Rand???
President Trump is just continuing what Obama already started.. Syrian Leader Assad is ISIS and Jihadist ALL ROLLED INTO ONE.
$5 says he'll still support @POTUS though
Does this guy run out in the hallway looking for a camera every 5 minutes?
Better read the Laws again Mr Paul. @POTUS was given this authority by this kind of action. POTUS has not declared war, then you r correct.
Does congress actually do anything they can't get their act together on anything years would pass before they would act
This is the difference between a Senator and a President. This is the reason this Senator will never be the President.
I am afraid that he thinks every military action is unconstitutional
Sometimes, it's better to do this...
Is there any precedents where such action has worked?
No it's not!!!
After consulting with several constitutional attorneys and political historians, non of them agree @RandPaul in this particular instance.
people dieing becoz of your weird views on health care Shd be unconstitutional if it is not !Heard of market failure ?Educate yourself pl.
I like Paul but he needs to think before he speaks sometimes..
When my dad made a decision for our family's best interest, sometimes not everyone agreed but it WAS for the good of our family.
@FoxNews If @RandPaul thinks it is unconstitutional to defend our country and people than him and those like him need to resign
@ARRESTPODESTA @RandPaul Gorka disagrees
You are wrong!
YEA AND WHAT U JUST SAID MEANS U SUPPORT ASSAD AND HIS CHEMICAL WEAPON REGIME. PLEASE RESIGN AND JUST GO AWAY!!!
@FoxNews @RandPaul pick up a Constitution and read it ran Paul then u know or do we need someone else to do ur job
Think again
@FoxNews @RandPaul Reading is fundamental! Try it sometime! You will find out it was legal!
Rand Paul needs to back up our president .   I hope he listened to Nikki Haley. The bigger picture is keep an eye on your enemies.
Even Pelosi and Schumer BOTH backed this operation and it's RAND PAUL who's crying about it! OMG... what a dick...
Randal sometimes its best to be thought a fool than open your mouth and remove all doubt
That guy is a clown 
Think harder !!!
Where does the constitution say legalize all drugs? Did Jefferson violate the constitution going after the Tripoli Pirates?
Time to get rid of rand Paul.
We don't have 535 Commander & Chiefs.Just one. The President was justified !!!
War was not declared. The line in the sand was crossed with chemical agents.
Randy Paul = IDIOT!
It's good GOP disagrees- not talking heads like DNC- diverse opinions good for the country-
What is wrong with Rand Paul?
Meet the son of End the Fed that stated "We Recklessly enter Unaffordable Wars when not living by a Gold Standard and use the Visa"
Blah
I think Rand Paul has lost his marbles.
Yeah - you should probably fo back and review that again
To finish,with his team,any plan would have an end game. Unlike predecessors, he won't care about politics..it would be wise to heed slap
Good morning Mr. Paul.  Hope you had a good nights sleep. Would you like some sarin in your coffe this morning? 
@FoxNews @RandPaul anytime anyone objects to anyone's actions they cry unconstitutional....read the Constitution first.
I think it was ok- though worth challenging. He is right on the strategy. I just think Trump will not do anything half-asses.This was a slap
@FoxNews @RandPaul where were you n the 70's when DAMASCUS was n the nightly news daily this regime is a hornets nest of terror
@FoxNews @RandPaul @POTUS has the right to be commander in chief when are u going to accept @realDonaldTrump is our President?
@FoxNews @RandPaul go away pacifist eye dr. What would've happened if LIBYAN fighters were allowed to down our F-14's in 1981?
Rand Paul's argument is nonsense. Iraq was a mistake because it shifted the balance of power in Middle East to Iran. Syria is not like Iraq.
GTF out then Rand
@FoxNews @RandPaul does, not, apply, to, foreign, nations, or its, people.
@FoxNews @RandPaul Once again, we're going to go slow, so you understand: The, Constitution, is, an, AMERICAN, document. It,
I COMPLETELY understand why he didn't consult with all of you. U need 2 RE-EVALUATE UR political position lest U end up like Bush or McCain.
Would you feel it was unconstitutional if it were your children
When you find out let us know
Gees, an tired of this guy.
we shouldnt have any part in regime change. BUT the only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.
@RandPaul go re-reread the War Powers Act. What a Marroon! LOL
I don't think it is.  Others have ordered similar actions.
@RandPaul says, "If We Topple Assad, & ISIS Takes Over Syria, Perhaps They Hate US & Israel More Than Assad!"
#SyriaStrikes @ChuckNellis
@RandPaul is a goon. He and the @freedomcaucus are not working for America's best interest.
This senator seems to make himself a hero in in opposing all Trump proposition. Republican should work together w/o him
So you would continue to standby while incident people and children are killed?  Noted.
@FoxNews @RandPaul Really?
Will The people of Kentucky please vote @RandPaul out already
Mr. Paul, I respect ur stance. Personally I don't want a ground war in Syria. Many Sunni & Shiite Muslim men lack honor & integrity. @POTUS
@smokesangel @RandPaul cmon man, just get back with McCain and touch tips again, it'll all be OK.
RINO Rand...
What a dumbbell.
I don't believe you think before you insert your foot I n-mouth. How can you be against the saving of innocent lives? Shame on you! Resign 
Once again R.P. has opened his mouth out of turn. Just be quiet for once.
Special forces raid in Yemen constitutional but airstrike response to chemical attack on children isn't?=hypocritical. Go work on healthcare
There are a lot of things going on in our government that are unconstitutional! You made it this way so suck it up!
We could have used that 60 million spent on US schools and highways.
or wasted on military transgender changes or abortion clinics...I prefer using to save kids
BANKSTERS WARS https://www.facebook.com/MintpressNewsMPN/videos/1422559624454235/?pnref=story …
So is gassing babies.
I feel that the President took a stand that needed to be made - Obama wouldn't as he was Russia's buddy. Remember remark on open mic??
Was your Leadership, you told of it's happening? If so no complaint.
Join the Liberal, I mean Democrat party then. STHU @RandPaul
So was preventing Obama's Sup. Crt. nominee, did not stop you then. Why trust any of you now?
@RandPaul don't be a Weakling Hater
I agree with Rand and only hope Trump has a plan in mind.
The guy's cock and maybe he needs to go live with their left for a while he wouldn't be thinking that way
Get on board with the president. Rand Paul what a looser
Did he say that when Obama did it few years back?
Finally we have a president, that will not take the killing of children as apolitical game. God bless Trump
That's the problem Rand Paul...you "think" and don't know.
