There we go I love this
Things get done when statesmen do their job, not when parties have anything to do with it
I can't tell if you agree with me or not
How about for all Americans suffering under crushing premiums of OCare?
No tax dollars for bail money
That's what they want, your tax dollars! Private bail don't cost tax payers a penny
Thank you so much for this bipartisan proposal. Brilliant policy - practical and ethical.
U have no idea how harmful this is
So inspiring! Our country NEEDS more bipartisanship like this in Washington. Our future depends on it.
Who cares you Reps lied to us you have nothing for 7yrs or either undermining our POTUS you will be voted out enough of this!
Good  senator 
And good luck
Political theater

We are moving on from all of you^
You have teamed up with lying she devil. She has no respect for process.
Where is @SenBookerOffice? This is the only issue my Senator and I agree upon.
People say f the police, 
When it should be f the justice system and police.
This is a step in the right direction though
#StandWithRand
Shame you can't do that on healthcare.
Ms. Harris is a bigot. However, I support criminal justice reform.
Criminal justice reform yes. Bail reform no.
Harris is a cull and should be treated as such. Don't be surprised when you suddenly experience a burning sensation.
I could see it w any Senator on the Hill but this 1 UR nuts! Remember these words when skank stabs you DEEP in the back. - I wont support u
She is making a bid to run for President.
@RandPaul YOU are NOT defending or protecting folks un inner cities! BAIL RISK ASSESSMNT isSOROS FUNDED LEFT agenda!
While the Hammonds sit in prison for back-burning to save winter feed, Punished with the same severety as treason.
Bundys still in jail also
How nice.
You guys hare trying to herd cats
You all need to start with yourselves. Bunch of damn grifters, everyone of you!!
Sen Paul & @KamalaHarris pls consider listening to Dusty's case and raising awareness.
I'm losing more respect for you everyday sir
If both sides of the aisle claim to be working for the American People, why do we have a party system?
Can't focus on positive at all
Which one is on the right???
Big mistake to get involved w/ Harris Will throw you under the bus in a nano second
Not the best choice for ' criminal justice reform'!
fine we can come together for criminal justice but the hell with healthcare and I do not want single payer
Randy you fit perfectly in the left culture. Please stop posing as a conservative . You suck
The right? Libertarianism is ultimately anti-conservative
You must be doing exactly what she wants Rand, bec she would never compromise. So that's concerning.
Just know you are being used so she can say "see I worked with the must conservative  senator" BS. Setting up her 2020 Pres run.
Traps work both ways. Rand Paul 2024.
Now come together on healthcare and focus on making it better!  Lower costs and better coverage for all!
A record of standing up for his principles and working with the other side whenever he can.  Flashback-
The media try to listen in to Sen. Rand Paul's bipartisan chat over Corner Bakery coffee on the Capitol steps. 
We will not be tricked. ..nor will we take our eyes of the ball.  It's about health care!  
How about a Presidential Run as a team? #2020


You and her are just fake! You all work for us and haven't done a darn thing! We don't trust you or her! All same!
...yet Rand Paul is apparently one of the most partisan when it comes to healthcare.
Show them we are gentlemen in Kentucky. Always have been and always will be.
AWESOME! I think we all need more bipartisanship. I was impressed with @SenJohnMcCain's speech. Sick of revenge politics. Great work.
With he credibility of those 40 organizations I think I'll pass.
You mean doing your fucking jobs instead of using your constituents as pawns? Congrats.
@tempteststorm2 please work on healthcare, tax cuts also. Find bipartisan support 4 something besides sanctions, criminals. We need jobs
BULLCRAP! I DON'T TRUST DEMOCRATS AT ALL HATERS, CORRUPTS, NARCISSISTS, LOVERS OF MONEY AND POWERHELL NO! RAND PAUL ARE U STUPID/SILLY?
Harris diminishes YOUR credibility sir...get a new partner..
Watch: @GOP senator abandons credibility for photo-op over crime with leftist statist that holds no reverence or alegience to COTUS.
@RandPaul wants lower bails for Americans and the "right" uses this to attack you Mr.Paul. very sad how divided our country is..
Not a good look, senator.
I sincerely hope not!!!!
Is Rand Paul her latest stepping stone on her way to more power?
What's the catch? I respectfully support you Sen. Paul but NEVER trust that snake next to you.
This is a  liberal PC idea that criminals that are poor or black(the majority)are untitled to run our streets and commit more crime on bail
Your partner here makes a lot of us uncomfortable
It's about time you all got together.  I'm a republican and miss Tip o'Neill
Enforcing the Death Penalty will help too.
Rand you are a phony. Playing to your base, you voted to appt Perjuring Jeff Sessions knowing his Justice stance dates from Reconstruction
Eliminate victimless crimes
Maybe people should stop breaking the law......I abide by the laws of the land therefore making bail doesn't concern me
You realize you pay bail before you go to trial... Plenty of people unfairly imprisoned due to excessive bail that are completely innocent.
That's nice. I remember that being such a priority in last years campaigns
I'll believe it when I see it. Not only that, it sure won't ensure Congress and Senate follow the law or ethics.
Do not be fooled by this Kamal Harris...
I call Bullshit!
If you wealthy make them pay more if a flight risk. If you are poor leave it. You broke the law.
Maybe we'll get something good out of this attempt to bury her lousy criminal justice record in CA while she's on her way to 2020.
You're making a big mistake working with that creep @SenKamalaHarris
@POTUS shld tell @SenKamalaHarris to:  
Pound Sand! No assist for the resist/obstruct Left!
.
You are a hero of America.
From yesterday ; The Paul Family:  Good Thursday Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky, TRUTH
This is BS rand. Youve obviously become part of the DC swamp
Do it on healthcare and social security-- then we'll get excited?  This is just fluff
But not healthcare. How revolting and disgusting you sit on a high h o Rae while we begin to live in poverty over obamacare
Repulsive,
I need to click out of here..
And also, every economic policy that regularly shits on working people.
BS!  CRIMINAL JUSTICE IN DC? OXYMORON! TRY ENFORCE FIRST!
She's using you to give her legitimacy to help her run for president, if she runs. Sorry to see this.
Sorry Sir @RandPaul but your partner there only invokes feelings of filth & corruption.
Shame on him giving Harris any credence.  She is a FemiNazi.
Most frightening sentence in the English language "Right and Left are coming together"
There is no difference between the parties we have a one party system.
They need to come together on everything... 
She'sPURPOSELY USING YOUR GOOD NAME to ADVANCE HERSELF!! She' being propped up by Lib media for presidential run. #RandPaul DON'T BE NAIVE.
Good to see actual work being done together by both parties amid the health care chaos
#ThursdayThought
I'm confused, Senator.  Come together on justice reform but no compromise on ACA?
Scary duo! For any cause.
Of course you guys need to stick together on this or you'd all be locked up
You're being used Rand Paul!!!!!
Senator, The person in the picture with you is about as left-leaning as you are. This is Kamala we're talking about, not MLK.
Don't be naive
You picked the wrong dem to work with.
So we can come together with dems on justice reform, but we can't come together with fellow GOPers on healthcare reform?
Better get buckets ready to watch going to make you ill.
Don't help a rising democrat presidential wannabe raise her profile please. Can't you find a fellow GOP type to help you make your case?
She's using you
OH PLEASE. We're talking abt CA here.Perhaps MOST CORRUPT STATE GOV'T in #USA. That chick is out to be propped up in Dem party. #Discernment
Yes, not even 4th world countries have this.  CA lawyers legalized malpractice; cheat&betray clients with impunity.
Get rid of the bail system first. Too many innocent people (and not so innocent yet acquitted) are unjustly punished by Bail Bond payments.
Either get rid of bail system or have courts reimburse the innocent acquitted of all bail bondsman fees. #Liberty and #justice.
The one next to him is a criminal who needs reforming through the justice system. If we still have one.
What crime would she be convicted of?
Bad mistake
Stop mandatory sentences 
Decriminalize the Drug War
#BuildTheWall
Term limits for Federal Judges 
Break up the #MSM dehumanizing monopoly.
Great, have you taken the "Cops are Pigs" picture down that Dem's hung in the people's house?
Rand, I hope you weren't in on threatening Lisa Murkowski.  Because that's criminal.
Never trust a DEMONCRAT.
We desperately need bipartisan leadership. Party lines are divisive and toxic.
Those lines have been crossed by criminals in beltway to long. Tired of it. Trying to transform... no  wants freedom to take care, w/o gov
Not really sure what you mean but I scrolled through your timeline & saw lots of Fox News... which is a propaganda outlet for the GOP...
Give and take like has to be done with healthcare.
Problem is Dems take from us tax payers. Then get wealthy while we can't afford to use health ins we are forced to buy.@POTUS 
Look what floated to the top!
Not impressed. Lay with dogs you might get fleas.
How about some tort reform to go along with that?
too bad you voted to confirm Jeff Sessions when you knew what kinda of policies he would use while at DOJ
Dem ticket 2020
Rand playing with the enemy
Liberals and Conservatives, united we will stand. See the future,
Then why can't you and her compromise one teeny bit on Health Care Insurance? You must like Obamacare!!
Forget criminal justice reform. Where is healthcare , taxes, and infrastructure. Guess we know who will be loosing during re-election
Enforcing the criminal laws on the books are what is needed!
The Joint Chiefs of Staff just confirmed what we already knew, the WH lies....explain what you are doing!
