a bunch of white men who don't care for the sick but anything to line their pockets
Its not the sick we are worried about it is the lazy welfare people that can work and will not!
the same ones who complain about illegals taking the jobs they don't want? My fellow Americans are the lazy 1's
Ok and you are the ones that says burning the Flag is ok too? Young kids get off ass and work like we did!
I got a FT JOB and a great 401k plan. Stop assuming it will get you in trouble one day
only thing I assume about you is that you are a racist.
you don't know me move along snowflake  @RandPaul @NFIB
Snowflake term is used for you peps on the left so grab a blanket and a safe place.
Thanks Senator @RandPaul for speaking with @NFIB #smallbiz members about #ACA
I own a small bus with 8 employees. The ACA provided us with predictable coverage, first time in 30 yrs. You have a high bar
 liars liars repealing ACA will kill millions!
Thank you, Sen. Paul, for being proactive re: replacement! #MAGA
Are you guys ever at a table that not filled with old white men?  How about some women, some different colors maybe? #SaveACA
do your job @RandPaul you did everything to deny @POTUS44  a #scotus. U know Russia helped trump
APOSTLE PAUL HOLDS THE POLITICIANS FEET TO THE FIRE OF THE CONSTITUTION AND THAT IS WHY WE LOVE YOU!!!
wtf. bro. apostle of whom?
You guys need to get it right and unite TOGETHER - even McCain
ACA is affordable only 4 those who qualify 4 subsidies. Thank you Senator Paul 4 listening to the people who pay full price!
Study how the ACA helped millions with pre existing conditions! #boughtandpaidfor #resist
did you discuss how it impacts the millions insured? Or only listening to $?
calling on all silent voters. Record violence from the left at all town halls. Stay safe and only record. No responding !
How does exempting Healthcare from Fed antitrust laws impact small business? Why don't you go after the real problem?
AFFORDABLE CARE ACT, call it by its real title
.@RandPaul If you replace the ACA (it's Obamacare), it should be with single payer universal coverage. If you can't do that, leave ACA alone
@All100Senators @NFIB Does your replacement inc holding insur execs accountable & reign in $17.3m salaries they take annually??
Your plan is bad for the middle class & poor, great for you wealthy people. Thanks for nothing.
How will it help people who now rely on Obamacare?
most won't even notice a change
Do the right thing. 
Demand taxes & investigation. Remember 2018 is around the corner. Patriotism VS Party. Your choice.
thank u for support ing ..Trump against scum mccain...anti trump mccain is loser
Please soon sir... HSAs are freedom.  All Citizens should have an HSA...
proud of you , in NC
#StandWithRand
I am sick of that name. Call it what it is. The affordable care act.
@McConnellPress How about some town hall meetings?
ACA good. Based on Repub programs and you only fight it because Dems had the strength to make it happen.
based on them with a whole ton of socialism jammed in too. Nothing like the gov forcing things on the people.
@MariaBartiromo @SecPriceMD @realDonaldTrump doctors need to show prices don't now just like auto dealers will promote competition
And little towns ALL Around This Land! Small Businesses Thank You!
you don't have a real replacement plan
by making America sick again
U need to regulate cost of health xare, treatment  and equipment, drugs. Doctors/insurance companies making millions,
Need to get it out to 'All Americans'.
Rand why don't you meet with Northern Kentucky where there are small businesses, or Eastern KY where you always destroy!
@realDonaldTrump @SebGorka @JudgeJeanine @POTUS Thank you for picture of your hard work that will benefit so many families!
the healthcare solution is just hooking up with the same health care that you and the rest  of Congress  and Senate have
Good job Rand way to show some leadership. Maybe you should be the Senate Leader instead of McConnell
How do we get bigots to vote out other bigots like you?  We have found the answer and you will feel it's effect
so, you going to do a town hall anytime soon?  I got a lot to say that you need to hear.
How will an Obamacare Replacement Act impact Americans who don't have any health care?
Sir,, where i can in details explore your efforts...
How will an Obamacare Replacement Act impact Affordable Health Care participants?
Your question should be how does the plan impact the people remember you work for us and 2018 is near Things can chg for GOP
Good job! Don't be like McCain the pain! And the other GOP goofs running there mouth about Trump, Stand Tall Rand! Nice meet
stand tall, by bowing to The Orange King?
God Bless our President!
Brave enough to have a town hall?
Rand is not a baby with a blanket! Unlike the payed protesters!
Doesn't make sense. Babies? blankets? What's wrong with wanting him to do town halls? And it's paid.
in support of him doing town halls, sick in tired of paid protesters! They need a job and get off welfare.
Allrighty then.
Look at the diversity, all the women, all the minorities!
small table
@RepTomPrice Ok guys, think here; what drives costs up; insurance & drug companies gouging, hospital gouging & illegals on
"Welfare & Medicaid. Stop the waste/abuse! You have to start calling people out! Same old stuff doesn't work!
Agree get a damn job and quit making me pay for lazy people on welfare!
business does not need healthcare. Human Beings need healthcare. Get insurance out of healthcare and nationalize for all.
Talk to your constituents on how they feel.
He did and we voted Trump so he knows what to do replace garbage Obama Care!
No Nurses? No citizens invited?? I'm both and would love to help you
Good point not a negitive remark! I am sure Rand will take you point.
Rand, unless you are building a coalition of support for your plan in Congress, it's a waste of time.
This is great listening to small business,too bad in the end @Gop old guard will stab you in the back.Just being pragmatic
I hope not they need to pull together or Trump will get them voted out I bet you the world!
Sadly @Soulkeeper4 I disagree Trump has so much on his plate bigger battles.However,"we constituents" another matter @RandPaul @NFIB @GOP
He does have a lot on his plate and people need to stand with him!
