Yes, during heart attack, I call 4 dif drs to price shop while waiting on the lowest priced of the 4 ambulances I called to transport me ffs
Just buy the insurance ahead of time. The insurance company will take care of the ambulance, and you can focus on recovering from your 
Read the article.
I did read the article. The premise is health insurance should cost $1/day.
Because ppl called 4 different lasik drs for best price, prices dropped on elective surgery. How does that translate to a heart attack?
It was just an example of how competition works, there are many more non emergency surgeries and procedures than emergency.
I honestly don't see what the problem is. Free market inherently lowers prices and increases quality. #econ101
"I honestly don't see" no you don't but you can learn.
In other words, he wants finances to dictate life and death. BTW Senator, there isn't a chance to price shop when you're in an ambulance.
Haha easy fix. Price shop before the ambulance.
He is saying that people should buy insurance before they get sick not after. Are you just dumb?
I understand better than you. He is claiming shopping for CARE drives down costs. There are times when shopping for are isn't an option
While it works in an open market, health care isn't open. Try getting the cost for emergency surgery pre-need of med cost benefit info.
With the govt out of it, the free market works. Once it becomes free, costs become contained and care increases. It's simple math.
Unless you want to bring back snake oil salesmen the government won't be out of it. And there is no way for consumers to have equal info.
I think he advocates is better achieved by  removing insurance companies and profit motive. I'm sure he meant to advocate single payer.
"Profit motive" ? Really? Show me a man or machine that operates without any input like food, energy, gasoline & then I will show u free HC.
Wow. You're cynical about humanity. Is the pope earning heaven points?
Ask the pope to then live amongst the people ... and let him struggle for health insurance like the rest.
I'll ask him. I still think people are better than machines and can  act w/out self interest in mind. we can agree to disagree.
. And when people have the power to make their own decision, they make it better than a bureaucrat. Hence we need choices & competition.
U STILL HAVE THAT UNDEMOCRATIC MENTALITY OF REGULATING EVERYTHING, MAKE IT A COMPETITIVE MARKET.  U CUT TAXES & REVENUE COMES IN,  . . .
that's 360 per year so every 4 years we will have paid 43,200. that may be low compared to today's standers but still, that's not cheap.
Interesting...
Detailed cost plus 20%. Govt pick up the balance. If applicable.
That won't get disastrous ObamaCare repealed.
If you're truly interested in patient choice,provide a public option! Eliminate the middle men ! See who signs up where. That's choice!!
Public option just changes who the middle man is.
Ok . I'm good with that. Better a fed employee we have oversight over.Give me the choice. Not stack the deck for ins CEO
"Better a fed employee" - this makes me laugh. If we actually did have oversight and feds were able to be fired for poor work, then maybe.
Still better. Ins co crying poverty while billions in profits and multi million salaries. And what can you do about it ? Way less.
fed employees do get fired, convicted even , for acts violating the public trust. CEOs ? Multi mill.severance pack. and maybe fines.ouchy
Wearing or not wearing glasses is not the same as needing life saving care . Most certainly not the same as buying a car
I'm guessing that the vast majority of care is not the life saving emergency variety.
But can lead to that . Cardiac, respiratory,pediatric,etc care is not that same urgency as buying a car or glasses
A totally false equivalency in my view.
@senrobportman #StandWithRand
Rand Paul is just another tax and spend closet socialist. At least Dems are honest about it.
@mike_felan @RandPaul @Rare @AutumnDawnPrice Love #TeaParty n Rand Paul. During electionDems could not stain him w scandals⚘
Going on a government website to purchase health insurance was a terrible idea from the start!  RED FLAG!!  Increases ins profits & CONTROL!
Yes! My family pays $33/day premium plus $40 co-pay and super high deductible. That's not affordable. Choices & competition lowers cost
That too much for the liberal tin foils to comprehend.
A lot of Americans cannot afford a dollar a day.Reality it's $30 a month.
Lasik surgery is OPTIONAL. Pple can choose not to have it at all, so luxury purchase has competitive price. Not true of most surgeries.
Paul wants us to be free to buy useless garbage insurance.
Keep up the good fight!
Shoulda Woulda starts now. Pass this bill and get to the good stuff--FDA, Drug costs, MP insurance costs, MC fraud, & treatment algorithms!
Rand Paul is an eye doctor
he will help you see
liberty & freedom
is the way it ought to be
big govt is a crime 
Rand Paul dropping the dime
What would a $1 a day plan cover?
Pretty much NOTHING.  
Rand Paul is just completely blowing smoke.
please work this out. Get this bill passed. I'm sure if u guys can find a solution that all can accept, please work together. Compromise
Have we forgotten the idea of steps and adjustments. I'd love the whole kit n kaboodle but I'll take half a cow :) now.
also have to take into consideration that physcians/hospitals pay extremely high malpractice ins/supplies/equipment etc cost big bucks
lowering ins premiums needs to happen but other costs that drive that up need to be addressed as well, expensive overhead costs not only for
Sorry Rand I'm not down  with your nickel and dime game. Vote yes or go be a lefty.
Rand Paul is dreaming the very least would be $4. A day and that is far reaching
Isn't the bottom line... that unless they go with your idea you will reject them anything?
Oh by the way lasik surgery is elective not covered by insurance.
Why can't republicans get together on anything. Get health care done do it right and do it now. Stop screwing up please
Put a tx on BAD 4 YOUR HEALTH products:cigarettes,liquor&fuel.Check out CANADA&WORLD TXES.That's y their is FREE.CANT BITCH DONT SMOKE DRINK
SOME CANT AFFORD THAT MUCH, DISSABILLITY DONT PAY WHAT U THINK.
Talked some young women who says if health care bill passes they can't afford raise a child or another they are getting abortions! 14 so far
I can't afford a $1. day! I get $732. mo. have rent, electric,water,eat 1 meal day! Am bed bound due to drs not presc. Meds. Worked 50 yrs
How can u act like u might oppose this disaster for our nations vets, disabled & old people.  How can u do this to ur people?
Republicans aren't informed enough 2reform Healthcare!It's really taxcuts4 1%&Corps&InsCos! Rich people won't die wo tax breaks,poor will!
Are U gonna take Mike's Medicaid?Only a Monster Would! 25% cut! Mike could die &others Will! 
Vote No Cause it's the right thing2do!
What's the matter Rand, the health bill isn't mean enough for you?
A $1 a day and 3 hours away-stop limiting care and locations. Americans just don't like 2b told what to do. Prexisting-gotta keep it!
Don't change the aca until you get it right. Pole Americans to see what would work for us. $1000 a month is 2 much for most fams + deduct :(
What good is getting insurance for $1 a day if you can be dropped for #preexistingconditions most everyone has? #AHCA #AHCAKills @GOP
Simply said, I hope Kentucky runs him out of the State. No matter who runs against him, my money to to the opponent!
you cant even repeal and replace Obamacare, your nothing but talk and no action
WHY does health insurance have to be purchased through the GOV? WHAT ARE THEY HIDING IN BILL?Do u buy car or house ins through gov???
A dollar a day should just about cover band-aids and aspirin with a $500 deductible. Rand, you been drinking too much moon-shine. Sober up.
You are forcing us to keep Obamacare. When no one can afford premiums and no providers remain..NO ONE will have insurance! We'll blame you!
You said months ago you were going to combine bills for great plan SO WHERE IS IT.
SO ALL TALK NO ACTION TIME TO GYA
Does it pay for anything??out of pocket cost?? Deductibles?? Will you and your family have the same ins??
remove NOT replace we the people do not want the govt to decide who gets care that is marxisim NAZI etc .... just remove it now
Please repeal and replace. Thank you sir.
I am a citizen of the United States, you said you would replace Obamacare do something do not be a roadblock like the democrats
If you can make healthcare better do so, don't be a part of the problem. Put up or shut up!
As long as ins. companies & pharma are more concerned abt profits 2 stockholders &ya tell them they don't have 2 cover this or that, we lose
If the federal reserve can just print money, they can print money to pay for our healthcare and not fund wall street.  He's right in a way.
No vacation, get healthcare-taxes done
YES! FREE MARKETS. People, you've been brainwashed if you think this wouldn't work. This is America, not Europe, I Hope
this healthcare bull crap is following an agenda of political control, Rand is right, could cost little to nothing
Ie: a large part of this is lawyers filing frivolous lawsuits & recv large awards over everything, malpractice insurance,  rx costs
Incredibly stupid! A rational plan that covers care is needed. Your theories are still flaky, and only the flakes will support!
Stop peddling nonsense that will never pass about healthcare for "$1 a day" and do job GOP voters sent you there to do - repeal Obama agenda
Eventually you GOP Senators are going to pass we know your silly game now. But you will have to own it when you hear of casualties!
$1 a day wouldn't even pay for an eye exam. So what you're saying is you want Socialism?I didn't think that's what you're about. For Bernie?
Senator, May I humbly propose something along the lines of oh I don't know... Medicare for all?
We want a free market plan.Lasik eye surgery costed 5000 an eye,now 12,1500.Fake titties 20,000,now any hoodrat,or trail park rat can havem
I don't necessarily agree with you but, I am really sick of partisanship BS.
Thank you for your courage and resolve in the face of the partisanship that has infected both Houses of Congress. We need more like you.
What at the dollar store or Family Dollar are you kidding me dude
Good stuff. Which, unfortunately, means a truly free market approach will never happen.
We agree.our son lost his Ins. Under Obamacare. Now he is fined.first in our family on Medicaid. Isn't Washington great.
I hope for such a day too but know that it cant happen with the mandate in place. Current Senate bill rids us of forced participation
Let's be realistic here. $1 a day sounds nice, but consumers can't shop for a cancer treatment provided by only one drug manufacturer.
Paul stand strong.  Thanks I don't want federal care.
Preach It Rand.  #DeepSixObamacare
Ok well you had 8 years to come up with the perfect plan, you didn't put up ! So  and get with the program, this is not about YOU !
Rand makes good points about not rewarding hospitals but ignores inescapable burden on impoverished & LTC patients, families and facilities.
Rand Paul is so full of shit. Wait till it's time to vote.
So you're working hard@ getting this ideal implimented,yes
You need to compromise with our Pres.  You cannot have 'everything' you want.  He will listen.
Can I pay that for my employee insurance?  #fairisfair
Yeah, probably worthless. High deductibles,hollow coverage with nothing really covered.
Insurance that cheap would have very limited access and high out of pocket expenses .. been there done that Rand
LASIK not a life or death decision/or emergency..talk is cheap health insurance is not ! Start with insurers and providers & leave us alone
But will it be any GOOD for $1 a day? Cheap insurance = virtually worthless coverage.
The deductible would be $15000 a year.
SMH. No
God, I love this guy ! If I wasn't a Texan through and through, I might move to Kentucky 
PARTY PARTY PARTY! ! THAT WAS A LONG 8 YEARS !
Then do the bill, don't crap on us because your rich.
When will someone in Congress/Senate/Admin...remind people...healthcare is not a right!!  not the governments responsibility..
That's real free market solution to healthcare.
Is the coverage & premium so good that you would be ok with it for you & your family.?
Congress gets too much money from insurance & pharm. companies
Now cause Obama increased Medicare, we have to be screwed? You can't reduce or change the damage he did! WHERE WERE YOU DURING OBAMACARE?
Well sir you had 8 yrs!
are you Dr. too he he.
What other valuable piece of info does ole Rand hold. What other expensive necessity could we have 4 a buck. Please enlighten us!
If you get health insurance at $2 dollars a day I will add you to my Will
Sold! Senator Paul, you remind me everyday why I voted for you. Maybe leave your lame party colleagues? I'll work n any new party you start.
- charge 1 cent a gallon on all fuels to subsidize roads - meds across state lines tort reform
He proves everyday he's there what a bonified but he is. Its his latest stab 4 attention. Like Trump he MUST have a photo shoot a day.
Yeah I'll pass on th Austrian economics designed to attract Hitler to Austria and full of pseudo-economist.
That would be nice so get it
Health costs go one way,up !Rely on health practioners to set their market price that won't work,neither insurers .You end with a co payment
Another capitalist issue. DISCONNECTED.
Politicians don't get it. 80%/85% of #HealthInsurance premium is "claims", aka charges by Drs/Hosp/Pharm.Look there to lower cost.#ObamaCare
I did some Medical billing in my lifetime. Medicare, for example, sets value of reimbursement & allows entities 2 add 40% market up even ...
Even tho Medicare & Medicaid won't reimburse it all. So each yr companies raise their prices.B4 ya know it Medicare does raise reimbursemnt
We have to make the politicians understand. We cannot pay outrageous premiums
current costs per year for healthcare divided by population mean that's $3.30 per day. not including overhead costs.
But if you structured the insurance properly, you could have out of pocket pay for a portion but not 70% of it.
Rand Paul, you are a smart man. And you are in a position to develop and grow this $1.00 a day insurance plan idea into a reality. Go for it
Glad he opposes AHAC but we pay enough in taxes to cover universal health care a free market still has life or death = if you have the money
I would prefer to pay less in taxes and buy my own insurance. Are we happy with government school? And we now want government hospitals?
So you want to shut down public education and VA hospitals? How about roads police fire/EMS airports postal service military?
More choice in government school. VA houspital quality is lacking. There are roads maintained by private funds. Military role of government.
You need to get a better translator comrade
Been a Rand hater since he endorsed globalist Mittens, but he really is one of the good guys! Thanks @RandPaul for fighting the good fight!!

This Practice Shows Health Care Can Be Cheap When People Pay Cash http://fdrl.st/6xh 
https://youtu.be/sZ-VreCYAKU  #RandPaul What's ''Universal Free #Healthcare & #Basic #Income 4 All" by taxing #rich folks making too much #money?
https://youtu.be/k_3UVR5Eldg  #People who're #sick don't have the #time or luxury to #shop for #healthcare like going to #auto #expo #shows! -->
God bless Rand Paul. The only decent senator.
If do great and goodcwhy are not all republicans for it  now. Talk is slwdys cheap  then we all loose from no compromise
Ok-I see your point. We have friends that go to Costa Rica for major surgical procedures-this is better!
I'll need to research this.
#StandWithRand
Amusing how after over two years of war, so many suddenly aware of Saudi-led coalition's egregious acts in #Yemen and willing report by name
I agree
@LibertarianJedi @RandPaul @Rare @AutumnDawnPrice 

Insurance companies are the reason why healthcare is so expensive.
Lack of competition due to Government regulations limiting the size of the market. #Cronyism
Neither are the Doctors.
Exactly
