Bla bla bla bla...........
Let's get Obamacare out of the way, relief for Middle Americans taxes, and with corporate America making money, govt will have money.
You shd support the Compact for America BBA (HConRes73). It requires a simple majority to pass the Senate not 2/3rds. 

cc @CFAEducation_C3
GOP Senators: U are so quick to condemn Trump I have yet to hear 1 of you condemn AntiFa or BLM. 1 is terrorist 1 is racist
Stop it, you have the poorest counties in the nation while you live high and mighty
Help please!
We're with u sir
There should be a referendum allowing the American people to vote on funding in the budget.  Lots less war, more stability/funds for people.
Correct in my book, Mr. Paul.
Reform won't work because Senators and Congressmen lie. The only fix is term limits!!
How you going to balance over 200 trillion dollars? Get rid of spending money you don't have. Try doing what we did before 1913.
Mr Paul how can we have balance budget the Federal Reserve   do as they please with US moneys. They lost 9 trillion do they found
It will never happen. It's like asking a thief to make a bank harder to rob before he robs it. Criminals run our government
How about we start with Term Limits for House and Senate and a limit of 10 years max on burrocrats in any government office except Military
Your #GOP will have no problem raising the #debtceiling ... it's only an issue when a black man is #POTUS !
What you need Rand is a moratorium on Congress. Things are already so fucked up and you guys can't do jack shit without CFR permission
anyway, so just shut it down. JEHOVAH will be along shortly to put a stop to all this bullshit. Tell your dad I'm a big fan of his.
yes create the budget and then let it go to the voting booths.Aid is needed in Texas.  Where will that fit in. To hell with a wall
I don't believe you. You will not, & do not, support the POTUS or Americans. Period. To balance the budget takes work to undo the past.
What about acting to protect the country from the thugs in the WH? #CountryOverParty

Republicans Fail when they feel Appeasing Democrats is More Important Than Doing What's Right for Their Constituents  DO WHATS RIGHT #MAGA 
Thank you senator
#DebtAndBudget17
We agree & oppose raising the debt ceiling without SIGNIFICANT spending reform. 
#SmallFederalGovernment
#FightForLiberty
Why don't you take care of the riots ARREST IDENTIFY ARE DEMOCRATS CARRYING REBAL FLAGS THEY HAVE BEEN CARRYING REBEL FLAGS SINCE CIVIL WAR
No thanks. It is an idiotic idea.
Yes, show it to us. Enlighten us. But make sure you tell us the truth not the BS you spread with AHCA.
Wouldn't tbe trillions funding the military agression be the elephant in the room?
That would be special!
My TAXES are to damn high
RIGHT ON RAND.
How do you expect to pass a balanced budget, you can't even pass health care bill
Talk about the debt as a stack of dollars, not as Trillions.  Search, "#how tall is 1 trillion dollars?".
It looks like u are getting ready to shaft the President for your own political gain!!
Don't grandstand do your job without tooting ur horn just get it done!!
GOP HAS BEEN F*CKED UP THE DAY TRUMP IN WH. HE REALLY SHREDDED GOP OR REPUBLICAN PARTY INTO PIECES. STILL MOST GOP SENATORS SUPPORT HIM ?
Deadbeat.  You helped run up our bills and now you don't want to pay them by raising the debt limit?
Yeah, Rand.  Let's problem solve real issues!!!! Ty.
I just got some $ptoy on @BittrexExchange it could revolutionize the healthcare industry #bitcoin #cryptocurrency
I was that
 "Future Generation" that payed for generations like your Dad. Now I'm in that situation and expect the same. No BS 4 TAX CUTS
Finally, a politician says something meaningful.
Fantastic, Mr. Paul!!!  
Thank you Senator @RandPaul for pushing these common sense ideas. I pray that you are able to accomplish anything in this toxic environment.
Let's take on a bigger problem. The biggest problem. Trump. Support AMERICA. The 25th amendment! Help "Make America Great Again."
Nobody but you republicans are worried about your agenda, Meanwhile Trump destroying everything!! HOW ABOUT COUNTRY BEFORE PARTY.
First off as you know fed income tax is illegal, but if we're forced to pay taxes then let's just pay a flat rate, only standard deductions.
Let's have a federal reserve audit to show where all our taxes are going before we give the go ahead to print more worthless fiat currency.
It baffles me how our government has the gail, to call this a debt ceiling. Ceilings aren't supposed to be raised, that defeats the purpose
Actually we should just spend as needed to fund operations for the enumerated powers given by the constitution which is far less than now
What a senator talking about getting something done vs fake stuff. Stop it now.
Never happen but thanks for trying.
You go Paul.  Good luck balancing this budget
You really need some help. If you get rid of the brain dead individuals you might actually get something done. You also have to have ppl +-
Please watch. Please think.  Please be a strong, smart American & speak up.
The President is correct. Its both sides. Im proud of his responce. He tells it like it is !! We need that in this country!!!!
You are right NO DEFICITS, Tax reform a wealth based tax system where you pay your share of the $3.5 trillion budget based upon your wealth
Do you think we should shoot Muslims with blood coated in pig blood like the president just suggested on twitter?
Absolutely you are right NO DEFICITS. Tax reform a wealth based tax system to pay for $3.5 trillion budget pay share based upon wealth owned
Well if u knew how to be loyal to ur party u could have had health care, budget and tax reform by now. U people in the WH make us all sick!
Let's get a balanced budget cut Congressional spending on unnecessary items and let's get tax reform for the working class of America
Finally a senator talking about issues that matter. Americans want healthcare reform, tax reform, job creation etc.
and @realDonaldTrump .. just GET IT DONE!  We are tired of all the jibber jabber, squabbling, mud slinging..
Out of touch propaganda does not address historical racist hate Republicans use to destroy liberal democracy
One idea is to challenge someone to a televised debate on it. I totally support a Balanced Budget Amendment, our debt is too high.
I'll vote for that
The American people are truly wondering WHY THE HELL WE SPEND SO MUCH ON SUCH A LIMITED GROUP OF SCUMBAGS AND THEIR "STAFF".
I vote aye
Then address tax reform, 5%, 10% and 15% for personal, 100 % repatriation for money out side the USA unencumbered and max 18% Corp tax.
Rand, while this would be fantastic, first get term limits in place, 3 max, gets rid of crappy career politicians, tax reform, repeal Ocare
Rand Paul : Most Americans  do not understand 19 trillion dollars debt means.We could make 20 million Americans Millionaires comparison.
Will you PLEASE speak up for the president.  U wont win votes unless u speak up for him. He has guts to say it like it is & u know it!
Freeloaders don't care about the debt or budget.  We, the people, who voted for tax and health reform want congress to do right or get out.
Let the people vote. It will be Trump supporters against never Trump
Balanced budget means tax increases for middle class.  U don't seriously believe gov't will  cut itself by $1 tril a yr, do u?
Rand, NO economist agrees with you.
I hope you won't be like your father and rally for something you will vote against in the end. Ideology without works is nothing.
Do it!
Just pay your fair share of taxes and this generation and the next one will be just fine.

US Debt must be stopped without talking heads saying how dangerous stopping Govt .Govt already nt functioning.
Yes!!! Please get something done.  We are weary of the left and the insanity.
I liked this tweet, but only if it involves a fair simple and progressive tax system that avoids shelters both oversees and at home
If you honestly tell the people which programs will be cut-and by how much-then the screaming starts. Good luck.
Thanks for staying focused, @SenRandPauI
At least one person is staying focused
Audit the fed!!!!!
How much Afghanistan cost in daily basis as well as Iraq, but you don't have guts to talk about it, afraid of military–industrial complex.
Hardly smart to set hard limits on responses to unknown future scenarios.Character and common sense should be the limit. If politicians lack
...the character and common sense to make such rational decisions in real time, we don't need new rules, we need new politicians!
What about 20 trillion dollar Debt old fashion ways do not work now. Big check book is balanced but still owe 20trillion
How about doing something before the next decade. Slow ass, do nothing politicians.
You want to save money, stop war in Afghanistan,Iraq, Syria etc... sending money to Israel, Egypt etc... THAT THE PROBLEM NOT SOCIAL PROGRAM
Absolutely balance the budget !!!!!!!
A balanced budget amendment is a stupid idea! Go away!
NO! It's a BS BILL @RandPaul   BACK to Healthcare bill and tax relief! Just stop spending!
Damn right!!!
R Paul let's follow your logic some Americans are suggesting why don't you leave the government it's a step toward shrinking the government.
I'm not too sure you guys are set to finally get anything done! But great idea.
Congress is trying to stick We The People, with this odious debt. Congress has been operating outside Constitutional Law sense 1013,
We need an amendment to the constitution that says you guys can never pass a budget that doesn't balance.
Did you get your degree in economics from the same school where Trump got his in American History?
@ThisIsWhyTrump You can't balance the budget with 104 national debt! There are no provision on paying on the principle!
The Alexander Hamilton global bankers prefer the nation to remain in debt for another 100 years!
We are enslaved to that damn national debt! Our children and are enslaved to it! Try 10% added value tax! Thanks!
It was southern democrats who put confederate statues in the 1920's! Republicans freed African-American not Dems!
You need to wakeup and support the Commander - In- Chief.?!!!
All Rand  has on his mind is $$$ another so called man with no integrity !!!
How about take a stand against your Bigot Prez Nazi WH! New party of yours RepubliKLANS
U are no Patriot!The whole world is watching you!ACT for our country or Resign!U &ur colleagues are pathetic cowards and complicit with HATE
Ha....zero absolutely zero faith that the senate or congress will get anything done at all. Best you guys do is press conferences & twitter
Thing about senators WE THE PEOPLE can vote you out just like we voted TRUMP in. Get with PRESIDENT TRUMPS agenda ASAP
Every #American 
who cares 4 America must Watch @CRTV @LevinTV @marklevinshow 4 Facts @Potus @realDonaldTrump #Charlottesville #MAGA 
where is repeal and replace ??
Unfortunately you have a Mitch McConnell problem.
Motion-PUT THE BALANCE BUDGET AMENDMENT ON THE NEXT BALLOT TO Let The American People Vote
I wish our AZ Senators worked "For the People" like you do. You're a great example. God Bless you.
Entitlement reforms is a must. And get rid of Obama care for starters
I have to balance the budget in my house. I need either balance or a surplus. I can't just take more money from work if I want more stuff.
Hey Justin, I have an alter-reasoning for why that's not sound logic. Think in terms of investments & goals. Biz use banks for investments..
If companies were solely reliant on their revenue, you'd seldom see huge progress made, liquidity is tough.
when are you going to raise taxes to pay for the iraq war? 3 trillion and counting unpaid for.
Talk talk talk talk
Let's cut defense, spend on infrastructure, renewable energy & education while we're at it.
Budget?  No comment on Charlottesville nor POTUS?
Hallelujah, someone with a brain!
Republicans dropped the ball on Obamacare. Americans are suffering, overtaxed, high premiums and no help from our government!
You are a patriot, sir.
Let us stop these stupid wars that are costly and un productive, let us share the burden of the tax with the reach and the wealthy
At this point. Get your party to get anything done....
Be nice to see Congress get something done.  Start earning ur pay
You ppl can't accomplish shit !
@GOPSenate @GOPHouse stand w/ @POTUS & support his legislative agenda. Voters support DJT & R watching your every move. DO NOT betray us!
Great request! It's about time, since no one including  the Senate wants to get rid of the 60 vote filibuster rule.
Bring the troops home, reduce the military spending. That'd solve half the problem
#StandWithRand
Yes! I'm always behind you!

You can have majorities in the House and the Senate but without the right leadership, the agenda will still fail. 
Not going to happen!You
OUTSTANDING IDEA!!
Let us not raise the debit period. Let us lower the debit one trillion per year.
Yes, Dr Paul
Congress accomplished nothing during Trumps first seven months. I don't anticipate that changing when they come back from another recess.
Hey Dr. what about the Health Care Repeal?  We trusted you.
He's just 1 Senator. Nobody did more to try and repeal OCare.
Great, but your colleagues don't listen.
Rand good luck with that looks like there's too many statues in your way.
just don't raise the debt ceiling NOW!
You have become the only sane voice inside the Beltway. Has does it feel to be so alone?
I usually would agree,  exactly why i came to his page to see what he said about Charlottesville and POTUS. Disappointed to see nothing.
There's always wishful thinking!!
I like it! Get it done!
@GOPSenate @GOPHouse stand w/ @POTUS &support his legislative agenda.The eyes of the voters &world R watching UR every move,don't betray us.
By staying silent about Nazism in the US you are enabling its rise. You would have been a good German.
How do you feel about Nazis, Rand? Do they have the "the right" to murder Americans?
Monumentally a bad idea. I suggest you read Alexander Hamilton's Report on Manufacturers. You might learn something.
How about shutting up and pass one piece of legislation for the American people, you are all talk
Article 5 Convention. That is how WE THE PEOPLE finally take control of this runaway Federal leviathan. SUPPORT IT!
Compromise and don't be an obstructionist this time
Do we have line item veto like bill Clinton did?
Yes Sir...let's get back to work for America
Still no comment on last weekend eh? 
1. Just because I want to hear from someone I respect doesn't make me a "libtard" 2. I hope you have a fantastic night. 
Cart before the horse.  Stop the flow of money requried to keep Obamacare afloat.
YES we need a balance budget amendment. @realDonaldTrump

@RandPaul  Thank you for focusing on "real topics". Let's get it done!!
Thank you for not joining into all the nonsense and actually doing the work of the American People. You havent stopped doing your job.
Go ahead shut govt down knew you were never trumper and elitist. Don't cover up with words speak truth for a change.
No one in swamp wants reform you know it hypocrite
Go tell CNN and MSNBC
Like lower benefits for Senators, etc.  Probably should have a 15 year heads up for raising the social security eligibility over 5 years
Good luck passing that.
How about just doing something we are waiting GOP
Won't balance with Obamacare sitting there!
Does that mean ya all will be taking a pay cut and paying for your own healthcare?

Time for national referendum
@realDonaldTrump Hope you're listening.
how about getting tax reform done! how about getting infrastructure done.  how about getting health reform done!!!  then focus on bal bud!
Sad it takes the GOP 8 years and 8 months to "finally get something done?"
