I will make my final decision on the Paris Accord next week!
Sen. Rand Paul doesn't understand the climate agreement....SAD!
Oh, WE all understand...it's Fake, so zip it hippie.
So the majority of scientists agree that it exist and peddle fake news for what benefit?
Their funding!
Ah yes all those rich scientists, getting richer off our tax dollars. What have they ever done for the common man, right?
Yep, doesn't take a scientist to see the earth cools & hears on a yearly basis. According to Ted Danson & Al Gore we already died.
You whine like POTUS Trump whines....disinformation is a dangerous game.
Who's whining snowflake? Trump & I are winning
I am Native American and I support POTUS Trump he promised jobs jobs so I hope he doesn't break his promise he must say no to Paris Accord!!
More jobs will come from clean energy though.  Why do you guys not look at actual facts?
Yeah it's worked so well during the Obana administration. Billions blown on failed solar companies & handouts to Obama cronies. Horseshit.
Tell that to Tesla
You libs all wanna hang your hat on Tesla. Of which the ultimate verdict is still out. Don't wanna talk about losses on Solyndra etc....
Certain businesses failing doesn't mean the industry as a whole is a failure
Have you taken an honest look at TAX PAYER losses on solar and wind energy? We are talking billions of dollars.
Did you think creating an entire industry wouldn't cost anything?  Do you know how business works?
Senator, what is your take on people who lie on their security forms? Even lying on job application can get you jail time.
What's your take on Hillarys secret server snd gross mishandling of classified material? As Secretary of State?
My take is that, that nothing classified was compromised. It's now history. And you have a problem with letting go. Let's move on shall we?
Easy to say, isn't it? No, I find everything she did, from Benghazi to Uranium to lying to Bernie, absolutely unforgivable. No pardon here.
Benghazi had how many investigations?
9 all together. No one is mad at the other 8.
***He took your words to heart.
Exit Paris Accord!!  It is merely a scheme of wealth redistribution!!
You are TOO OLD to care. Not unlike 45.
Why is moving away from fossil fuels a bad deal? Why hasn't it been a bad deal for Western Europe? Milk men aren't coming back either.
You have freezer full of cheap yummy food, why ignore it and spend trillions to figure out how to make expensive bad tasting food from bugs?
Yes, Sir, Senator. It's good all around!
How can you be in such denial?
Agreed.  Get out of that terrible deal!!
What makes it a terrible deal?
Millions of people will lose their jobs here in USA.  It's expensive. It's redistribution of wealth.
Trump allowing America to sink to the bottom of the barrel. He is giving China
Right......   how is that sinking.
all of his policies in whole.
Sure
Everyone has their opinion. This is what makes America great.
I agree Mr president this is a bad deal I hope that you pull us out please don't get wobbly
Sadly, President Trump will do what his son in law wants and not his supporters!
Will he come to Congress, unlike former dictators, for approval? Doesn't sound like it.
Agree with you on #Jobs Senator thank you!
Rand, you're a doctor. As in medicine, science. What are you thinking? 
I mean, I know self-certification has a margin for error, but...
This is the same guy that thinks single payer healthcare means someone can show up to his house & kidnap him.  @RandPaul is not that bright
Time to be a patriot Rand. Send Donald and his treasonous cabal to prison.
Show us the proof.
 this is a russian bot 
@realDonaldTrump @RandPaul Agree Paris Accord a BAD DEAL 100% & 
America will pay a huuge price to support it PLEASE PULL OUT for our sake
Love Senator Paul!! Keep up the great work you're doing!
Time to look into why on earth you & some colleagues really oppose Paris.. agreement. Meanwhile, Shame on you!
Rand let's be vocal with your support of POTUS!
hope Kentucky is filled with beautiful black coal smoke, Gas masks replace hats for the derby and emphysema replaces mint juleps.
Doc, would we have the votes in Congress to get out if this was put to a vote?
Plant earth could be a bad deal for #USjobs. @BarackObama
I'm with you in every issue but climate change. If you are right we lose jobs if you are wrong we lose everything. Risk of ruin too great.
Rand are you on the Russia list?  Only 2 other countries in the world don't belong. How much dirty $ did you get?
let's remember how many jobs Obama brought after disaster Bush.   plus unemployment is all time low. people need more money!!!  but repubs
are busy looking out for corps NOT the little guy
ughhh... this is y nobody likes Republicans
Lets NOT, Rand! Back to the middle ages is not where we want to go!
It saddens me that we no longer cooperate with our European friends but with dictators and oligarchs instead.
Yes drop it like a hot rock
@RandPaul as a man of integrity, you really should stop this recent bro-mance with the president. Only your credibility is at stake.
Clean energy jobs are the future of US jobs. Unfortunately campaign contributions by the oil companies prevents you from seeing this...
Do it, ditch Paris!!

Donald Trump is a damn dummy with no real thoughts of his own. We have the saddest group of white guys running this country.
Everyone, encourage POTUS to get out of the Paris accords.
The rest of senate and house better get on board with President or they are gonna lose their seats
U got it. We r with u on everything!
Who gives a fuck? We are concerned about #Sethrich and those within the government that murdered him.  THAT is the Only story.  And the Peds
US taxpayers do not need to pay for other countries climate subsidies.
@RandPaul bite me.
Time to get you out of Congres while webstill have our Country
Does Trump still have all of his clothing made in China?
Seems to me that 100% of scientist agree that global warming isn't our fault but the real problem is, 17% of them get paid to pretend it is.
American tax payers are tired of these scams! Get out!
QUIT POLITICIZING CLIMATE CHANGE
That golf game has had  huge impact on you Rand  #TraitorInChief
Just say no.
@realDonaldTrump Please dump the Paris Accord call it out for what we all know it to be, a Hoax perpetrated by the corrupt UN. Follow the $$
We love  Senator Paul . Thanks for giving the right advice to President .
Destroying the planet for jobs?!  Such a stupid argument.  Clean energy and new tech create jobs we can live with, and our kids, too.
Thank you @RandPaul one of few in DC who really cares about this country
money is not more important than human life. protecting the environment is FAR  more important than a f*cking job.
I won't forget this, and you've lost my support.
We don't have enough skilled workers to fill the jobs we have now, invest in education instead and leave the planet alone!
Agreed Mr Rand Paul! These global agenda agreements are bullshit and will bankrupt our country and then comes the final NEW WORLD ORDER!!
Stop the globalist climate change alarmist agenda!
Merkel can get help from her pal Obama he was there meeting with her.
People with no insurance etc and climate change making hysteria
Too little evidence
Who needs clean air and water as long as Rand and Donald can keep making money, eh?
Nice Team.
Climate change reversal initiatives is a fraud.
@handymayhem YouTube Rand Paul at the wailing wall cucking like a bitch
Trump is a really smart man and I think he will get us out and more!
Hope he doesn't get in bed with people like Merkel
I see Rand is joining you in being a total a$$ and uninformed fool!  Makes me sad for my new home, Kentucky.
Oh America, how sad? The age of stupid
Thank you senator Rand Paul! KY gal.
you and your father should be on the front line speaking out for Trump! Come out and do your job to help us!
Yeah, fuck the planet and future generations, we need money now & there's no other way to spur the economy 
It won't fall apart just because we back out. When countries like China are more progressive then we are, prolly time to look in the mirror
Agreed. Pull out!
The Paris Accord is a big step towards global governance. Please get us out!
Can't he do anything right ?
Paris Accord doesn't put American first. It would break Trump's promise to us American workers.
Yeah! And ruin the planet for generations to come. You're a genuine visionary, you.
But it saves the environment. I like to breath clean air. Drink clean water. What's wrong with that? little donnie is #SCROTUS
Today's BORDER WALL CONSTRUCTION UPDATE: Miles completed yesterday-- Zero; Miles completed since Inauguration--Zero. NEXT UPDATE TOMORROW.
If we die off we won't need to care about jobs.
he will sign it and keep the status quo
... "bad" is an understatement ...
So China can pass us economically say it is all BS is it really a bad thing to be more eco friendly? #ParisAgreement
Is it your sole decision?  Always ME, MY, MINE!
The Climate Accord is bad not only for the U.S. but also the world, since CO2 is not a significant contributor to global warming.
Time to ensure the future of our planet or there won't be a need for future jobs for our descendants
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @USAGSessions #obamaFisaScandal #obamaFisaScandal #obamaFisaScandal #obamaFisaScandal #obamaFisaScandal Justice4US?
Get out of this BS "deal"
Thank you, Senator Paul! Fighting for America's best interests, our workers, and our freedom. Keep it up! Need more patriots like you.
I'm so disappointed in your representation in Senate. The Paris Accords and green energy are opportunity for new jobs!
Global warming is a fraud.  Look at the real numbers. Get out of the mindset and get out of the Paris deal.  @WhiteHouse
Drop it. Please.
Donald,  there is no real reason to stay in the Paris Accord.  Obama made a commitment with out congress approval.  China is not in Accord.
Great advice!
Donny is hated by both - now what?
Not the popular vote - and his approval ratings are the lowest of any president so a useless individual supported by a minority
The second largest fraud in history, second only to the Central Bankster Cartel Fraud
@realDonaldTrump needs to speak with Lord Christopher Monkton about the GLO-BULL warming hoax and the fuzzy mathematics formula used.
You know what is worse for U.S. jobs, jobs around the world, U.S. lives and lives around the world for generations to come?  Climate Change.
More solar jobs in California than coal related jobs in entire country. #FactFreeGOP
Tell him NO Senator! You have an ear in this POTUS!
US can pass environmental protection laws w/o job killing Paris Accord. Back out of PA & do our part 2 protect world environ. a smarter way!
I couldn't disagree more !
If it's bad for American jobs, it's a bad deal.
The greatest artist of dealer announces the event in advance and keep everyone is suspense. It means we have to talk about what's to come.
Will Trump flake? Or will he make #AmericaFirst?
please get out of that BAD DEAL- Killing our jobs
Let's say we will stay in the Paris Accord & we believe in Global Warming then bail on it.
Perhaps he will read Laudato si and stick with the Accord.
I could not agree more it's a scam to make America uncompetitive, the uneducated fools believe it! Global Warming, 1.5 Trillion business
Yes! Time to scrap bad deal Paris accord.
many countries are saving planets and create jobs year after year and you think going opposite will creates jobs in US?
Is "the greatest nation in the world" with the best ranked universities really unable to dominate jobs in green energy economy? Wow.
NOTHING THE FRENCH DO IS WORTH FOLLOWING! We'll be bailing them out , once again, shortly!
Stop the lying, Coal is dead!! Jobs will be transferred to renewables.
Why is no one still talking about getting us out of NAFTA? That did more harm to the American middle class than any other treaty!  :(
I am against the Paris Accord.
Get out now.
Idiot
When did you ratify the silly ass thing in the first place? It's already illegal. @judy_shwabe @realDonaldTrump
Good for future US jobs.
Rand help the US out
Get out of Paris Accord. If we stay in Government will dictate more and bad 4 electric n jobs.
@Dplrabl_Infidel @realDonaldTrump @jeffsessions PLEASE FIND AND FIRE WH LEAKERS ASAP
Also, time to stop pretending this climate change nonsense is a serious matter for grownups to expend time and money on,
Yes global warming is a hoax
unemployment almost down to 4%, what I find troubeling is inflation, everything is getting so expensive, dollor buys nothing these days..
companies like Proctor-Gamble have been downsizing containers for years while charging same price, take a look at Oreos, half the size,
I personally don't eat Oreos now I know they are made in Mexico. Rather buy wannbees from the 99cents store.
Stick with the President Senator we rely on you and the few good Republicans #MAMGA Dems will destroy the country for sure next time!
MAGA 
This just further confirms my belief that because someone is an M.D. does NOT mean they understand science.
Climate change is almost as big a hoax as BHO.
#ExitUN NO to Paris Climate Change.
Its about us not liberal leaders over seas
Just Say NO to the Paris Accord!
I totally agree! Get out of this bad deal!
I agree, let's get out.  Our coal, oil, manufacturing jobs depend on it. Fight hard @RandPaul to get us out of it
Rand "the fraud" Paul.   Has a certain ring to it.
Carrier.  How do those soon to be ex employees feel right now?
Drop the hammer on them. If obama feels like it's so important he will fund it. We will find out how strong he believes his own bs then. 
Known.
Global Warming is nothing but junk science.  They had to change the name to Climate Change to cover their embarrassment when the truth was
"Let's continue short term thinking and push all our problems on to our grand children"
Ah no no no. You underestimate the new paradigm. I don't understand this deal with Saudis but I appreciate the jobs for Americans. Rand ??
Will you stop the lying as all you want to do is help the 1 percent give us break
Dr Paul, you should know science. Physicists invented many of your tools (lasers, optical devices, imaging, etc). Yet they're wrong on CC??
Ignoring climate change is immoral. Our grandchildren will suffer immensely because we are so damned selfish.
Are you two complete idiots? 100-yr old science tells us CO2 in the air serves as an earthen heat blanket. Future bleak if we ignore this.
Thank you Rand.
He's not going to. The Europeans stroked his ego and fed him the facts they want him to know. Without his own knowledge, he's their sponge.
Do you 2 not get the future $500 billion business of renewable energy? That is jobs fools! But let china have it you idiots! #TheResistance
Time to get out No more talk. Time to go after BO 4 spying on Am. A totally Russian idea. Trump lucky BO did not stick a needle in his neck
you're really a big let down.  Do you also think climate change is a hoax? What good are more jobs if there's no air to breathe?
Hey Rand do us a favor and support POTUS we voted him in please respect that
yes listen 2 #SenRandPaul the guy who keep sayin ignore all yur bad stuff while we have the maj n #Congress.yeah that guy
@realDonaldTrump better keep your promise to your voters. Better get out of the Paris accord. More money on already over taxed citizens.
This is global welfare. We have paid enough

You must support the coal industry that's destroying the environment
Ditch it!!  No question!
Not to mention it's VERY FAKE NEWS.
Yes, please!!!!
I agree .. leave it
I am tired of bad deals.. GET OUT of bad deal!!! I don't care what others think,  IT is about America. No more appeasing!
Thanks Rand. The hell with that Obama agreement.  Detrimental to America.
Just tell them 'cow farts happen - get over it'
We love you Rand Paul 
Please GET US OUT!
We better not stay in. Not what we voted for
I agree 100%!!!  #MAGA
Ah man
