Rinos need to stop bashing the President, you're sounding like Dems! We're not at War, He sent a message, plain & simple! #SaveTheChildren
He didn't have a clue what message to send or to whom to send it.  ISIS and Soros played him.
I'll rephrase, maybe he didn't however his Military leaders knew, it's nice to have a President who listens to them, that's a nice change!
Yes, you can trust us.  Since when.  He has people like H. R.McMaster, friend of Susan Rice.  The swamp goes deep, Ms Klyn. Incl. Pentagon.
I agree, still waiting on him to get Rid of the Obama hold overs for sure!
May God help President to do it quickly.  some of these are good people but donating to Democrats makes any doing so into swamp lizards.
really congress approval ?     Congress does not work anymore.   Who has time to listen and wait for congress to have hearings. ?
We were not being attacked. By law Congress must okay the action. It's why Obama's hands were tied. Congress wouldn't act
obamas hands weren't tied. He was a wuss. He cowered when meeting Putin face to face
And FYI congress can't even replace and repeal a simple health care plan after 7 years..lol go on Easter break & let the big boys handle it.
Rand Paul is always right, take note.
yes let Assad kill the children.   Obama doing nothing for years led to tonight
Not our country, not our problem
And that's why we need opt out options on our tax forms... so at the very least I don't have to fund this nonsense
Nonsense was gassing of civilians to include children. When would you feel it is time to stop this?
When they harm Americans
So you want to sit around and wait till they are at your door. Smart.
Moslems literally live right down the road for me, they are at my front door. But just like the rest of my neighbors they also know if you
It wasn't war!! It was a red line drawn. Not like the Jerk before him that had an imaginary line.
How can what just happen occur without a declaration of war?
DoW authorizes long-term funding of military action initiated by POTUS. At some point Trump will need Congressional approval to continue.
it is not time to flap lips it is time for action.  Support our @POTUS  our last pres. told the world what we were going to do and when.
Obama did nothing.  We are being tested left and right, N. Korea, Assad, etc. We are taking out ammunition dumps and chemical weapon dumps.
Don't have time for congress to bicker!
Or filibuster.
yes but will he!
Rand, I love your political point of view. However this is one thing I differ. When it comes to military action, we can't depend on congress
Tell that to the children and mothers who watched them die. Obama drew a line then played dumb Trump spoke he said NO! Leader!
We're already at war in Syria , catch up Ran : it's worriesome when you and Tim Kaine are in the same page!!??
Your are out of touch and are still battling over trivial issues. Money seems motivate D.C. Not policy.
We're not at war. But if we did go to war; would Congress support the President, if it was legitimate reason? Can you all make decision?
So Reagan didn't go to congress on his strike on Lybya. This did not declare war & is 1 time. All others on tv today say it is legal.
Fuck congressional approval. War Powers Act needs repealed, should never have been added.
Rand paul is a trader and against the rnc
This bombing is like when Reagan bombed Libya in 1986. Not declaring war.
Guess you didn't discuss that on your golf day!
@Trump_Regrets Yes.
By the time congress gives approval and debates it... c'mom @RandPaul you get why this is necessary, right?
just so oil industry cronies can get there trans Arabian pipeline built enroute thru Syria. Rex Tillerson wld know best
It ISN'T WAR itn was  one strike to stop them.....Man doctors really ARE IIDIOTS
Obama drew a line and failed to follow up on his threat but President Trump told him not to do this again one time!
Wrong again...
War was not declared
It's not war dip shit. He is doing the right thing. Grow up.
What war? US has been busy in #Syria for awhile.
Senator - is the American Government capable of making a decision? This American supports President Trump
We didn't begin war. We smacked the shit out of a military air base that killed children. :) as a warning! Duh! :)
Sorry sir. I am not military. We have our brave men & women fighting for us. Very thankful. Have a great day!
NO, SENATOR!You're wrong.That's exactly what Trump was talking about-we need a surprise affect to be able to make a point.Congress?Will leak
Glad u agree with yourself
Any political decent on this action is just a politician mad because they didn't get to vote yes for the action and use it to campaign
Healthcare reform showed Congress is deadlocked and ineffective
Hell yall can't finalize and make a decision on anything, I don't blame him for not wasting time on yall
It's not WAR! It was 1 air strike
Actually, you are wrong, dead wrong.
BOO!
It's not war. It's protecting our troops from chemical weapons.
I thought someone in the state of Kentucky would understand need to act.
Rand is not the Commander in Chief.
0h b's paul
This was just a warning hopefully not a war
Because Comgress is so efficient about taking care of urgent business....one air strike is not war.
Launch war? That was a slap
2020
What's the difference between gas chambers and chemical gassing? Nothing! Don't@stand by and watch horror- it's not a movie!
Since when can Congress make a decision? Congress has rendered themshelves as useful as an adult daycare center.
I saw Sen Paul on MSNBC letting them talk over him as he kept to his libertarian talking points. How do libertarians ignore gassing kids?
We're not at war with Syria Rand. Chill out. That's what happens when our POYUS is not a Pussy.
@Cigarjon1968 Trump has no plans on Invading Syria Just taking out his chemical plants Trump Is Cleaning Up Obamas Failures Again #MAGA
Baloney!
What the hell to you think has been going on last few years. A few Tomahawks vs bombs from manned aircraft do not a war .
Hey lets play a game!! How about Global Thermo Nuclear?  Quick some play the movie war games for Trump.
This was not a declaration of war
Problem is, the obammaites would have leaked the raid, all assads Jets would have been out. Cannot trust them.
Fuck the congress, you guys could not vote together what kind of toilet paper to use in the bathroom, bunch of fucken misfits
LOL READ the Law the President is Commander and Chief and does not require congress to launch an attack just needs them to declare war
AMEN
. YOU need to stop this madness. I don't know what one or two senators can do, but you need to do something. This is insane!
OMG now we "intrepret" The Constiution, need I remind how why that legacy of a republic rebellion v. tryanny was formed? SITE MY C* COWARD.
Tea Party/Caucus COWARD Rand P as in "PUSSY", starkly remind ya of last 8 years NO BALLS OBAMA?
Too late?
Grow some balls. You are no better then Obama, never do anything.
Yeah, that red line Obama drew was so much better. #democratinrepublicanclothing
Rand would make members of Congress even more vulnerable to corruption via foreign lobbyists, seeking to purchase "delays" in US retaliation
Rand is mistaken. He would beggar the rapid-response powers of the POTUS which have enabled the US to be such an effective peacekeeper.
@realDonaldTrump es #corporatocrata su objetivo solo es aumentar el precio del petroleo y tener una economía de guerra en #USA
He did not declare war. congress not needed.
Yea you knuckle heads cant agree on anything...so lets just do nothing right
Yes because we need to warn everyone what we are going to do. Element of surprise is important so is swift action.
We shld just not react which strengthens R enemies. Learned that in last 8 years.
Is Syria our enemy? Are they killing Americans? Are they killing Christians like the rebels are doing?
War was not launched, simply one attack. Relax
Sure, just announce every DAMN THING to the world and tell INCOMPETENT CONGRESS the whole plan, so they can run their mouth more.
Now the world knows how a real leader takes appropriate action to a horrific act. Proud to be an American once again. Enemies take notice.
President Trump didn't need approval no war launched just a reply.
Does he also have to call on the swamp when he's got an itch? #Fakenews would've disclosed your plans 2 the enemy...
Why would I trust Congress to do the right thing, today of all days? Also, Rand Paul likes to refer to Rand Paul in the 3rd prsn. Rand Paul.
I bet you won't impeach him though
He didn't.
It's completely under presidents power to launch a strike. Congress hasn't declared war since 1942.
This is why you will never be president.  You are weak on national defense and protecting American interest.
@royalelectrolis this is not a war this is a strong statement to Assad that America and the rest of the world will no longer 1-
put up with him using Chemical weapons against his own people against UN regulation, the Russia US &Syryia 2/
agreement to get RID of all chemical weapons in 2013 and against the chemical3/
weapons treaty  all We did is punish ASSAD for bad behavior just like President Reagan and Bush41
Senator, if you knew the Constitution then you would remember that the President does, in fact, have the power to do this.
Dont launch war at all.Do not carry out Bush/Obama legacies 2 disable middleeast so the NWO can continue their agenda, ask McCain?
So tell me then Senator, who should do something about it?  The Russians? Obviously not.  Somebody needed to do something.
Why so You can do nothing like you have done before? Children getting slaughtered. Blood is on you for not supporting action.
He did not launch war. He sent a message that needed sending. To Assad, to N. Korea and to China.
Didn't then president Obama pass a law that say USA can  go to any country who uses terrorist attacks without Congress no military invasion
I didn't want it to happen. Now we have to stand in support of our troops our president and our nation
GAS ATTACK HAS ALL EAR MARKS OF FALSE FLAG. ASSAD HAS ZERO ADVANTAGE TO GAS OWN PPL. HIS ENEMIES HAVE ALL REASONS TO VILIFY HIM FOR OUSTER
What? Let more innocent people to be killed by chemical weapons?  Shame on you Rand Paul, where is your compassion? President Trump did good
Why has US Congress never declared war on Islam ideology, a dire national security threat?
Warring ideology is uncharted waters, technically
He knows that, but #NeverTrumpers and other assorted trolls will always swarm like blow flies to oppose our @POTUS.
Are you congratulating yourself here?
Oh brother like we trust what you all been doing for the last few years which is nothing
Rand Paul is now referring to himself in the third person.
A little too late for that. You people in congress are letting this lunatic do whatever he wants.
@jczapata_s
who launched war  not Trump. Are you using this for your political advantage?
Friend this sucks OUT LOUD!
@MAKETHEPLEDGE16 You should have convinced him about this on the golf course. Looks like you were a useful idiot
We are already there . What do you think our special forces have been doing. plus the additional troops being sent in. War is already there.
Senator, we don't agree on much, but we certainly do on this. Thank you.
How about we don't lose the element of surprise by advertising that we are going to war.
: U R WRONG !!!
This isn't war.... Just a warning
great comment, actually not, it is BS
Guess interference in Nazi Germany was a mistake too??  The innocent don't deserve protection?
yes yes yes
Agree with your assessment Senator Paul Looks like President Trump Got trumped  #MAGA  #NoMoreWars
Dems stick together regardless. What is wrong with our party?  Maybe he didn't want to risk Leaks? I thought pres could make executive strk
With all due respect, this is not a war. It is a message, and Syria is not the only target of said message.
It won't be war, Assad is a baby killing coward!
So what let them gas there own people.
The question now is, will you do anything about it. We are watching. Thank you
I am thrilled that u r NOT my senator
Rand Paul refers to himself in 3rd person. What's up with that?
Tell that to Hirohito Trump. Hypocrite America crocodile tears 9/11 yet makes Syria the new PEARL HARBOR. Now there is reason to DUMP TRUMP
What are words with no action? Do your job!
I like you Rand. It that's dumb. Intent is a surprise attack. Not one senator, maybe Manchin, could/would keep a secret. Stealth??
This is the red line thingy?
@RandPaul is wrong! Besides congress is proving to be worthless. You need to get behind the president or get off the train!
It's not a war, it's a WARning
This is a big message on a lot of levels that most people don't get, but it's not www3
Unfortunately, word just coming in that the US launched missiles at Syrian targets.
We didn't launch war . We launched a warning to Syria. If we waited on congress this would never get done. Congress would have stalled
It is time for you to realize you are not a nationally elected politician. You only represent 1 state KY.
Libertarians are obstructionists. Paul will never be president.  Too wishy-washy.
Not war, it's crushing an airstrip. It is SOOOO nice to have a @POTUS with balls and principles in office !!! #USA @CNN @NYTimes @FoxNews
war not declared. Strike on using chemical weapons against every treaty finally a president with a pair.
Looks like @RandPaul is deep State. Disgusting. Wht Assad did was reprehensible. He could use it on US! @POTUS did was heroic. #Syria
I suggest u reread the constitution. The president can attack a nation for 30 days w/o congressional approval.
He doesn't need congressional approval. The constitution doesn't state that. He can wage war for 90 days without approval. Read up.
Thats right just let children die by a war criminal
How do we Know it was American TomahawKs just like How do we Know it wasn't Assad who gassed these POOR children. Get real, gets some balls.
@Rambobiggs selectively hitting Syria's chemical weapons arsenal is not war. Don't want us involved, don't use chemical weapons
Well guess tgatvdidnt happen?
IT'S NOT WAR LISTEN 2 GEN JACK KEENE-LISTENLEARN DON'T U DARE GO AGAINST @POTUS 4 HAVING A SPINE&PROTECTING CHILDREN BESIDES GAINING RESPECT
HOPE IN TODAY'S MTG'S U LEARNED THE FACTS THIS IS NOT WAR,DIDN'T NEED CONGRESS.DON'T BE IN SUCH A RUSH 2 GET UR NAME OUT THERE! @seanhannity
He won t
I don't think he launched war. I think he sent a message.
Shut up
Talking about yourself in 3rd person? Who are you, Bob Dole?
@trust but friggin VERIFY!!!!
@ARC4Freedom It only would've been 1 weekend. But DT needs 2 show he's God!
Too late.
Because Congress is so unified and capable of getting anything accomplished
Not sure if it was or wan't the right thing, but let's not start playing those games
No more. This is a no brained. We don't need lawyer approval. We need Mad Dog and that's it. Keep your piehole shut Doc.
Agreed.
#nobootsontheground
Yemen, Libia......did Obama get congressional approval?
You have to be bs'ing us? Don't like watching grass grow....
yes Rand and by the time you guys make a fucking decision they have Hid everything. SURPRISE Surprise!! works!!
@ausbun_dean   Its NoT WAR a hole
@RandPaul @ausbun_dean
No one is LAUNCHING WAR!!!!
Uh oh Curly, looks like your new pal Red Don had his fingers crossed when he wooed you on the golf course last weekend. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Its Rand-ception
They don't even care about the kangaroo congress. :(
