Very proud of my Executive Order which will allow greatly expanded access and far lower costs for HealthCare. Millions of people benefit!
I'm glad you did. Now pass budget, Cut taxes and then revisit Obamacare. Don't let McCain be a stumbling block. Pass budget & fix later.
Smoking mirrors! 7 years of bitching just to fail! Embarrassing! Incompetent!
@Maganyg56 Thanks Rand! And thank you,  too, @realDonaldTrump!
Ya if you will vote for it, I don’t thank you would vote for your own bill try to vote yes for a change
Ur plan is very close to what I suggested during the campaign! Thank u Rand 4 ur input!
Please, hurry.  High premiums are killing me.
Great to finally see support for our president!
Nice job Rand!  Keep pushing
Keep congress aisles clean with http://totemaxx.com  everyone needs one!  Martin Feldman. Get your sasquash today.
Now support his other programs like tax refund.
LIARS
Why when people living in countries with universal healthcare can’t get operations when needed, do we want the same in America?
Thank you Senator. Maybe this will breath some new life into American entrepreneurship! MAGA
Can we also repeal the National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act (NCVIA) of 1986; and take control back from pharmaceutical companies. #hearus
Pathetic
Soo disappointed in @RandPaul ran. I thought he cared about people.
Are you kidding us?  Do you think that because we are not millionaires that we are stupid? Or is the plan to let the sick and poor just die like you are doing the the American citizens of Puerto Rico?
So why is this use of an executive order ok but when the previous admin used it, it was not?  So Congress is yielding power to executive?
Because this EO was to execute an existing law. Some of Obama's EOs were writing new laws
Your picture includes Lee and Sasse. Not cool!
The sign of Leadership! 2 Men once at odds & competing 4same job...then he who lost MANS up & Leeds the way towards what right for all! TY
So amazed how pubs are willing to fight for the unborn and yet are ok with anyone dying after birth #NotTheirProblem #PubsAreKillers
Glad to have you back on our side, Senator Paul.
Relieved.
I (briefly) had the notion you had America’s interests at heart, but you really are just a creep in do-gooder clothing. You own this now.
#OPTHAMOLOGY BOARD KING#STUPID
Thanks for the INTEGRITY ! 
Politicians keeping a #Promise 
unheard of 
Hat's off & keep speaking the
#TRUTH 
we Dig it
 peace
Rand, ur libertarian philosophy will be proven to be wrong. U think you're so much smarter than ur critics. U don't follow the constitution!
We are paying 150% more! And big corporations are demanding BIOMETRICS or heavy fine $1500.00 -we can't "drug test" welfare per ACLU tho
:( Hope this is not just BS.When will the benefits take effect? Not impressed so far. Lots of posturing-no good results. #NOTokay #Think
Reliable guy that Donald.
U.S. has more than doubled Saudi Arabia arms deals under Trump admin—$1.56 BILLION on bombs, missiles & ammo in 2017 http://thebea.st/2yrcmd6  
you are Cra-zee... Its OUR money and 80 percent of US want heathcare.. not "shopping".. foff
Great job Senator !
Great Teamwork!
YAY!!!
I am starting to believe in you again

Is that your mouth Photoshopped onto President Trump’s face? You have a real talent! Why don’t you use it for good and not evil?
That's YOUR mouth it looks deplorable and here is your basket jump in
Oh, so clever...quoting Hillary, whose book was 50% off when it was released. Best TP ever!!
RATED  MATURE 
@Robert_Blair @EdKrassen @Impeach_D_Trump @AKADonaldTrump @realDonaldTrump @VP @adamcbest @Suzmassara
You brainwashed Dems always want to lump in Richard Spencer into the group. The majority of Trump supporters want nothing to do w that fool.

Whatever dude...you’re too far up MSNBC and CNN’s ass. Seek help. Google the lovely picture of Hillary licking Senator Byrd, former KKK.
The blood will be on you and Trump's hands.  You should be so proud of yourself.  #hatecare
I hope UR proud of what you've done to ALL Americans with any type of Health Ins. You've screwed us all over esp. those with Pre-Exist Conds
BUT WILL IT REALLY REALLY REALLY HAPPEN ???????????
Keep at it Rand! I believe that you and only a handful of Rep are on the right track!
You need to fix the basic principles "people". Example: It is amazing that you have to wait 90 min for two prescription at the VA_Temple Tx
Thank you both for your good work. #MAGA
We’re proud you did too...
Thank god it's an EO
WHAT PLANET DO YOU LIVE ON RAND?
Thinking that the citizens don't know goptp worked to make OUR healthcare fail raising cost and availability.
Attempts to give us a bad bad plan now to force cuts/citizens off of healthcare..Your disgusting
The limits on state regulations on carriers should be interesting.
It needed done.  Having said that the ACA death spiral will occur quicker. We'll see how this shakes out and speed of adoption.
Just need to make it so our healthcare isn't based on a dang Executive Order @POTUS & @RandPaul We The People deserve better! 
Exactly!  Hopefully, GOP will gain enough for super majority. Then all EO's made permanent. Do it right,  eliminate obstruction. #MAGA
Yeah, I'm hoping people wise up during the '18 voting. And vote out the Shills. The greedy fools, the idiots... Let's Hope people listen. 
The people are ready to make the changes to move forward. We need a congress that works for US,  not their own pet projects.
Of all people, I can’t believe YOU “Drank the Kool-aid.”  The one independent Senator is gone......forever.  So Sad!
Say goodbye to Rand Paul - just sold out and not everyone is as stupid as he thinks.
Imagine the amazing healthcare system we could gave if we weren't spending 150 billion a year on illegal aliens? Dems want healthcare+daca
Make a choice. Deport illegals stop pissing money away on people who dont belong here.
Now. Let's see how Bold Congress will be. I have little faith in them other than the ability flap their gums to whine, complain.
blood on your hands, SHAME ON YOU!
congress not realize people who work cannot afford insurance/co http://pays.You  do not have to be poor to worry about healthcare
What is Congress going to do about the prescription drug problem you people help create by bills you pass
Standing with our President 
i'm cancelling my ins...prem going up again..1250/mo not enough for the greedy ins co...i'll just save that money and self pay hospitals
Why Trump was put in office to show America we can go bankrupt and the people will pay for it
Dems only agreed with this because they want to show you how stupid he is and waiting for the lawsuits and bankruptcy

Greed rules with R’s and all chumps, couldn’t be more clear from these proud chump remarks.  Hope you all are rich and healthy
Fools drinking chumps koolaid
Make america great again! Trump a true patriot! Obama a destroyer of America! Radical Islam, isis! This is obama!!
Consumers w/ "kingly" finances? And the less fortunate? Insurance cos will jack prices, no sweat. This is going to bite back at U real hard.
first step toward a "freer" market for health care. Competition = lower premiums
1 last might  we bought basic ins &  maternity part got pregnant 6 mos later Child was born with a heart defect  who pays 4 yrs of surgery?
OK u 2 whiz kids someone buys just basic in late 30's  several months go by & they have heart attack requires 5 by-passes again who pays?
say people just buy basic needs no maternity plans no more kids but gets pregnant  later & finds out w/3mos like I & others did who pays?
THANK YOU SENATOR PAUL. 
How long did Trump work on this with you? About as long as it takes to play 18 holes?
All you all care about is the rich, the rest of us get crap.  Tell Potus he needs a support bra for his man boobs, he looks ghastly
Free market
If McDonald's is the only restaurant in your home town. They have the best burgers. They charge what they want.
No competition.
thx Rand sorry when we got mad at u. we thought u were being difficult. but u had ain ur pocket.
Now ditch the mandates! Get the IRS out of healthcare! Matter of fact, get the tax reform done! We can deal with some job loss for a quarter if it means laying off 1/2 of the IRS employees and slashing there $13 billion budget they use to steal from us!
after all, this is a free country, so i should be able to buy health insurance on a fully free market! DUH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Bottom line I'm working in 2017 and taking home less than I did in 2016! Something is seriously work here! & it still costs big $ to go toDr
Thank you @RandPaul I hope my premiums go down! My rates went up more in 2017 than my annual raise in pay=net take home is less! Sad sad
Just when I'm about to lose total faith in you, you go and pull an A+ move like that. Stay the course senator and always support our prez.
PLEASE convince trump to sign exec order to force congress into obastardcare
proud? plan? help WHO exactly? and how? when my premiums now skyrocket because of your nonsense, where should I send the bill? shame on u

The #USera=#THEusERA is introduced in this book: (#Chapter4=#JoshUsera)
https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/0997852046/ref=dp_ob_neva_mobile …

#WelcomeToTheUsEra #AllHumansOnPlanetEarth!
Taking power away from the insurance companies is exactly the right thing to do. Restore medical practices so that docs have better choices.
Time for Medicare for all. End Insurance period
Rand Paul, the ultimate swamp rat 
Good counseling, Senator!
I try to never call names but in this case I will Donal Trump you are one sick fuck
Come on Rand. Free market health care has never worked anywhere. The consumer is King.m. You know, until they get sick. You suck.
Senator Paul - supporting your President is the BEST WAY to get the right sort of attention, and help your country be successful.  Thanks
What do you think? -->
IM WATCHING , SLICK MOVE TOPUSH DEMS TO NEGOTIATIONS ON HEALTH CARE NOW THEY GOTTA WORK NO MORE RESISTANCE BULLSHAT AND COLLECTING A PAYCHK
Sellout
You truly are a “tard”, little rand.
I’m disappointed in this effort which leaves the already defenseless with no hope of being able afford quality healthcare. @cnni
Ur assuming a lot of benefits that are not certain @ this point....the eo will help but not a panacea
Need to repeal aca...ins cos are not enemy...fed govt is
Utter BS
#MAGA!
Sold out to the highest bidder!
Capitalism and Healthcare don't go hand in hand. Politicians must fight for the people. Corporations,  WILL ALWAYS WANT MORE MONEY
http://surpay.site/?r=247276 
SHAME ON YOU.  Golfing, when American citizens are suffering in Puerto Rico and Northern California is on fire.
No it won't. It destabilized the healthcare system, and hurts hard working Americans. #Iblameyou
Sir keep fighting for our agenda and you just might survive #Purge2018
A lot of the Maga trash congratulating you in here will lose coverage so that's a good thin. They should suffer for their choices
Yea right so 20% huger premiums...blood on your hands!
You should have kept your repeal of Obamacare.
From now on, anyone who pays more for health coverage or loses it due to preexisting condition can ONLY blame @realDonaldTrump & #Trumpcare.
The CBO says otherwise.
Thank you Senator
You lost a fan
Now talk to him about #EmbassyMove to Zion
Spineless. No self respect. None. How do you look at yourself in the mirror.
Translation Republicans,They think modern medical care and hospitals are fine--for people who can afford them
Oh yes rand. You’re a stable one to support this.  You should grow a spine and stand up to this fool.  No you all stand behind.  Weak!
This, among other things, will cost you your re-election. Traitor.
Yeah Trump knows who the real geniuses are in the Senate and who are not
But if you really think about it a lot of it's just common sense it's all about a free market
I respect your belief in the free market so next time you have chest pains go shopping.  Healthcare is not an open market.
Senator, I suspect you will bankrupt many consumers with this as you try to make them king.
Since it's such a good plan I'm hoping you get on it too.
both of you are fools. so easy for you to hurt sick people when you have coverage. fix healthcare. don’t destroy it. #morons
No one's proud of Rand Paul except Democrats.
thank you Senator Paul hope this is the start of cooperation among the repubs
You've just sentenced people to die.
I hope it is workable

Rand Paul looking like what someone who just struck a deal with the worst President in US History should look like. 
I hope there is something here that will work & get support hopefully from both sides.  And that both sides for once consider best for voter
Name one.
Your intelligent work behind the scenes is a great deal for citizens. Keep up the good work.
Thanks for bankrupting my family and making healthcare even more unattainable Mr. Paul. I will remember this when you are in the ballot.
I just received a notice from UNH that my supplemental coverage will increase 92% next year, in OK, hope this creates some competition
We believe and trust you President Trump !
Well!! Finally something Rand likes!! Yay!
Great. Thanks Rand
You are a good man Rand !! I appreciate you
You're so right ON.   Keep going cause we're with you 100% .
Only Yeshua is King, not consumers.
How do we get it. How do we apply?
LIAR LIAR PANTS ON FIRE
https://shareblue.com/its-going-to-hurt-kids-vets-everybody-red-state-gov-warns-trump-on-health-care-cuts/ … So I guess the GOP governor is lying right?
Thank You @RandPaul for being such a shining example of what the REST of the Republican caucus SHOULD be doing.
For that to be successful, Fed gov & congress have to ensure the protection of consumers when coming to reimburse their cost of healthcare.
That is the right way for fed gov and congress to enforce the consumer protection law forcefully as they protect any business contracts
We need a stay at home parent tax credit. We raise our children in a traditional way to lay the foundations of tomorrow , but no SS or 401k
Lies #Kentucky Wake up You Need 2 Realize @RandPaul Wants 2 Take away EVERYTHING No Preexisting conditions will b Covered Maternity care NO
Extremely High Deductibles Wants Medicaid Gone You're State and the Ppl Will b Severely Hurt #LyingGop
Calling bulls*t on this one. Y'all need to get out of government and get a real job.
Puerto Rico: 48 ppl dead, 111 missing. 5,141 people R still in 106 Shelters.15% of island's ppl have electricity.
But Happy golfing day!
Great Sen. Paul,  but be easy on  us Conserv's in the Damn Dem Blue States we grew up in  !!! We don't vote Dem !!
talk about a crap shoot!
If Trump continues to destroy #ACA ( which he is just doing for spite), we will have a healthcare crisis w/ ppl not getting care they need.
Chicken Little says: “The sky is falling”
It's a fact that ppl will die from Trump cutting out subsidies. Low income Americans will not be able to afford insurance & obtain care.
Produce a single death attributed to lack of insurance coverage by cut in corporate welfare.
PP kills 1 Million baby Americans yrly
There's not just a single death, there r thousands of ppl who could have been treated but weren't b/c of lack of insurance.
Not just a single death ,but thousands of deaths b/c ppl couldn't b treated b/c of lack of access to insurance.
#fakeNews
Anyone who supports PresTrump gets my support and I support Rand Paul.
We are so happy that you and the President are working together, I have great respect for you both. Thank you for standing up for USA
Yeah OK but not impressed with you Doctor!
This executive order makes a few democrats wish they had voted for the skinney repeal.
Thank you
I guess its a wait and see game I am waiting to see the out come and wat will be said then hope they have plan for that
the question that shud be ask wat if ppl with pre existing conditions really get kick off hope to see the concern of everyone who said lie
Just jump straight to single payer and spare us the interlude...
Can you please suggest that some of your fellow senators applaud your efforts? They seem strangely silent on the matter.
Thank you Senator!
I cant even afford my monthly 500 pyts. This is BS.
Keep telling yourself that Rand but deep down you know it's a false narrative
What happens  WHEN politicians get #healthcare from #citizens and refuse yours..an elite class. We need #MedicareForAll NOT #RandCare
Did you work to eliminate deductible coverage too? Republicans are pushing to kill Americans
Good job Senator Paul !
Thank you Senator.
So weird how a golf game with a conniving corrupt illegitimate president can compromise your integrity @LindseyGrahamSC @RandPaul
I hope you and Trump choke on that plan. Insurance companies already raising rates. Mine will triple in Jan and it’s not Ocare. PRIVATE
Half of my retirement check will go to insurance, so much for GOLDEN YEARS, have to go back to work so we can eat!
Rand.. so glad that President is listening to you. This EO should have been done on day one. Thank you!!
Yeah, because killing people is the American way....right?
LIAR. but wait 1 year and there will be no doubt in we the people's minds about you  by the way, are you a millionaire, Rand?
Unfortunately millions more will suffer from this terrible action
Thank you Rand for your persistent, hard work, and cooperation with President Trumps Agenda that "we the people" voted for. 

How about taking away the 503 nonprofit from hospitals that make billions every year?
Flip flop artist
Thanks for doing this. Working together to #MAGA  #OURPRESIDENT
Your constituents will remember this, well the ones that survive will.
