Yea, Randi, it probably should have happened about 4 months ago, as soon as T-rump was inaugurated.  Why now?  #IndependentInvestigation
I stand with Rand on this one!
Investigate Obama's administration and prosecute their asses for being Russia!!!!The Democrat party was the interference in our election
Rand, you were my top choice for POTUS.
You keep showing me why.
If you run again, debate more aggressively.

Another pic of acting #FBI Dir, #AndrewMcCabe not campaigning for his wife as she took $600k while he cleared Hillary in her email scandal. 
January 21st might have made more sense. And looked less like...  A cover up.
Just waiting for the indictments to start, get your popcorn kids.
Amen
I agree with you.  I was beginning to think lady Justice with blindfold and scales was only for "We the People". Dems get the other version.
When will the FBI investigate the unmasking of American citizens
Never, American citizens are not important!
When can we fire Trump and the rest of the Republicans for allowing this to get this far
Do you even lnow what you arr talking about Pres. Trump has done nothing wrong
...except sell the country.
Are you eating your words yet?
You are a traitor to this country & liar  &a threat to the constitution & American people. Shame on you. Your response in CBS was shameful
As usual Senator Paul is the voice of logic and reasoned thought
He has turned into a wimp when it comes to Trump!!
@POTUS @WhiteHouse Good explanation for firing. If Hillary is guilty why wasnt she persecuted? These Democrats are Demons.
They are parasites, blood suckers!!
Oh my God Rand Paul is not using his Grecian formula. The Grizz showing
Chris Christie or Rudy GIULANI or Judge NAPOLITANO  fantastic person in prosecutions & Law for getting KILLARY & obama & dimoRATS
Did he piss in your corn flakes, To make the statement requires a list of reasons, unrelated to Clinton or Trump. If you have none prior to
Comey turned out to be one more narcissistic progressive.  Good riddance.
@RandPaul 's wig needs to be washed.
#ComeyFired pissed off (D)s & (R)s but Comey protected Hillary more than he hurt her. She's not in jail.
How is Flynn not in jail for his perjury and his actions as military officer, I don't think you understand officers duty in military
Clapper should be the first to be tried for perjury. He lied again this week and no one cares.
When did Flynn commit perjury?
And clapper didn't lie he stated clearly "not of his knowledge" he didn't know of any but just because he didn't see any doesn't mean there
Oh boy, defending Clapper? Now I can't take you seriously
He absolutely knew about it
His excuses for lying weren't even consistent
No one is defending him of his words and comments are being misinterpreted by people who cannot follow his full and complete statement
I thought no one was defending him, but here you are claiming he was "misinterpreted"
Utterly ridiculous, If that's not perjury nothing is.
Hard for me to believe that you know anything about perjury considering you didn't know that Lying to FBI is under oath
turn on your fax machine so you can receive mine and about 250,000 other faxes that suggest dofferently

I think Comey should be investigated for collusion with Hillary Obama Rice
Agree
You disgrace your office, sirrah. Why do you hate America and her people so much?
Love it
Idiot
Rand Paul have been drinking out of the Trump Kool Aid glass for a while now, I guess hoping for a position for the next 3 + years...
he didnt blotch it
BREAKING – Washington Post Made Up THIS Russian Fake News Story to Trash Trump http://washingtonfeed.com/breaking-washington-post-made-up-this-russian-fake-news-story-to-trash-trump.html …

New insider book reveals Hillary Clinton made up Russia story to cover up lazy, pathetic election loss
DO HUMAN RIGHTS EVEN MATTER ANYMORE?
Agree with @RandPaul ...it was a dark day for US Justice when he alone decided not to prosecute Hillary. Has not made sense since
@vikingmom7 @RandPaul Agree!!!
@violettemontiel @RandPaul You are 100% right!!!
Interesting question? If Chucky had approved Trump's Adm without his intentional delay would Comey have been fired sooner?
good job Ran Paul.
Presumably way too late for some, from a criminal defense point of view that is. Hee. Hee.
Should have been fired a long time ago
Now...Lock her up!
Just think Rand; you lost to this guy Trump.

@Harlan @RandPaul Real prosecutors agree. Everything Comey did, no legitimate prosecutor would do. Out of honesty and principle
Actually it could have, but you know liberals, has to be their idea or it won't happen.
If President Obama had the guts, he would've fired Comey on January 19th.  Both parties had found major fault with his body of work.
Spot on Rand.  He became a liability and possibly even a little power hungry.
Lets face it Comey should have been fired back in July during the Obama admin! Comey overstepped his job title! Narcissist!
so right
...to hide the russian connection to trump
Rand paul should be a close confidant to President Trump he is trurhful no nonsence he wont jerk President Trump around
Not sure if you put two people with half a brain together, you get a full brain. Especially if they both think the same stupid things
@POTUS @jeffsessions I totally agree with Rand!  Now, since he botched Hillary's investigation, shouldn't it be reopened to get the truth?
Agree.
OBAMAGATE!!  Is watching you ??
You are a coward, Mr. Paul. A coward and a liar.
I am starting to like Rand Paul more than I did.
Don't you think it was bad timing since he had just asked for more funds to investigate Trump
Still some good leaders.
Rand is becoming quite the level head. Giving thoughtful insights and comments
You're out too Rand
Party over Country.  @RandPaul  #ComeyFiring
Separation of power not so popular with Paul
Paul is up trump's ass too!
Now you are defending Trump's firing of Comey & calling Dems crybabies, when you should be calling for an independent investigation! SHAME!
@RandPaul  Sounds like he sold out to trump to cover up the issue???
Rand Paul... definition of incompetent child...
#You are despicable..what a butt kisser..just another puppet
I don't agree much with @RandPaul  but this one of those rare occasions!
Rand you're starting to grow on me!
Agree.  Common Sense and Truth!
@cvpayne @RandPaul way overdue!!!
Sometimes this guy actually makes sense
whoaaaaaaa you're a phony
Your hands are dirty too @RandPaul. If you have nothing to hide then why not just let the investigation proceed to whichever conclusion?

DJTs timing is extremely suspicious!  Russia investigation MUST continue to protect our democracy! Trump's despotism-reign it in R senators!
Of course. The sooner you obstruct an ongoing investigation into treason the better. Right on.
I keep hearing about the timing of the Comey firing. It wouldn't have mattered when Trump did it, he still wouldn't been attacked for it.
So, someone who's head can fit up #45's head will be appointed.
Now that makes sense.  Never heard of so much drama out of the FBI.  Move on
Rand Paul you are COMPLICIT! Cover up! Go hug your Russian comrade he is here and available
@randpaul you are backing the wrong horse..er..#orangemonkey.  Country before party.
#donthecon #lockhimup
Oopps.....Bye. Bye. Bye.....


He'll yes...
HE DROPPED THE DANG BALL FOR SURE.  EVEN THE BLIND TOOK NOTICE...
So True Rand, Thank you for your support
Finally, someone with a brain
Now AG & Deputy AG need to make acting FBI director recuse himself fr all investigations on Clinton & Russia bc connections w Clintons&dems
Jealous much?
We want an independent investigation. Or we will come protest at your home work and everywhere you go.
To speak in hypothetics of what should have been to hypocrisy are two separate things of reality... It's still bad timing regardless
You are full of crap and you know it.
Correct
Really? Then, do you think you would have gotten rid of him before May? I mean, trump had his opportunities on January and choose not
Senator Paul has a good heart and good intentions, he doesn't nearly understand the evil behind this
Now ask Rand if he supports an independent investigation and or a special prosecutor in regards Trump/Russia ties
I have lost all respect for @RandPaul and he used to be a favorite of mine.
You mean you had respect for him before?  Why? He is just another Trump brown-noser.
The (R) majority leader's  comments in the Senate this morning proves one thing, that the (R) party loves party more than country.
Exactly. @POTUS was doing the job @POTUS44 would NOT do.
#StandWithRand
Boy. @RandPaul has grown to be an utter dissapointment.
Good luck on reelection. You are backing an incompetent administration. #taxfattenedjackass
but the @FBI information is still there. If you committed a crime, you will be caught. Period.
For the details of WHY RandPaul did speak out against Comney last July...
I'm with you. A good man gone bad.
Yup, 9 months later, all of a sudden Trump, who loved Comey, fires him.  Gotta mention Comey "not investigating" POTUS, but not about that.
Good for u Rand! Agree!
.@stephenfhayes
Didn't hear you speak out during elections. In fact President trump encouraged Comey
Incorrect. RP did speak out against Comey last July.
Scroll down this link's page for video of RP doing just that.
Seriously you must go! Kentuckians must vote you out! Ask us how we feel about this disaster! #youworkforus #wepayyoursalary
your check from the Russians/ @POTUS will come soon enough tho
Rand, you are a suck up.
Are you still running defense for this scociopathic president. Please.
Amen
I agree, The Fake Media is becoming the New Democrat Party just Wake up PAY Attention America
Voice of reason. Thank you.
you meant treason, right?
This may be one of the first times  Senator Paul agrees with President Trump. A good sign.
