So am I.
Me too/ that's democrats that always want to bail out companies they get campaign contributions/ no more bail outs!
Insurance companies make billions a year/ with Ron Paul on this one
Bailouts not ok Taxpayers are fed up. Medicaid expansion is States problem fix it themselves like the Kansas Dr showed on Hannity
Cancel all insurance and let the people fall where they may! Cleanse the gene pool!
1 piece of advise 4RandP dont be an obstructionist.I dont care how g8 ur concerns r, if u cant get ur 51rep 2 c reasons,ur idea or u suck.
Prayers for Senator McCain but if he had Obamacare he would not have great care. I say all Congress needs to get Obamacare & we get theirs
The republicans insisted that Congress was covered by the ACA. McCain is covered by Medicare.
I don't believe one thing Congress says, their actions speaks volumes
I AGREE! INSURANCE COMPANIES HAVE ENOUGH MONEY! THE PPL NEED A BAIL OUT.

Done with the talk....get something done!  Obamacare is still the law.  ANYTHING is better!!
No Obama lite is not better
Ok.  Then u like Obamacare.  It's the law now. U can't stand one the fence....
Paul your against almost anything trump puts out there. Stop excuses for once. Your one who doesn't support trump. Plain and simple
Of course it's a witch hunt....and trump is the witch!  Why do you support that pos!!!
GO RAND!

@RandPaul should be doing his negotiating, arm-twisting, etc, behind the scenes & not reporting to TV cameras.
He's informing the people. Everyone should be thankful for the transparency.
I am, but he can be more transparent, more effective on the floor of the Senate. He spends too much time in front of cameras.
You said the Russsia invest is a "with hunt"....what a trump tool u r!!  You r still putting pol b 4 country....slime ball!!!

Don't need bail out democrats are wanting on tax payers backs/ absolutely NOT
You need to bring in some dems gets some talks going in private with them, I want government out of healthcare had ins before Obama
Democrats 
Sen paul is right.

Yes, but, won't then conservatives just be confronted with an insurance bailout in a different bill? What will you have accomplished?
The bills should be separate. This doubling up is better known as a shit sandwich. Separation allows a yes vote for bread & no vote for shit
Who is for a bailout!
I agree, Insurance companies and Big Pharm are pariah, trying to be feed on our Policies. Stop them from inclusion into our Policies.
Thank You Sen. Paul.  HealthCare IS NOT THAT expensive ... Heath Insurance IS!!  INSURANCE CO's MAKE HEALTHCARE EXPENSIVE. Expose the fraud!
you clearly have never seen what hospitals and dr bill for services
Ever called a hospital to ask how much a 'kidney Biopsey' costs...  I have,  they can't tell you a standard / estimated cost.  Yet, estimate
(2) costs are almost a requirement in USA.  Menus have prices, Auto has estimates, Contractors are interviewed with estimates, roofers too??
Democrats need to go/ susan Collins wants big government & Alaskas Moran/ Both voted to repeal now backing down/ proven incompetent
And now afraid/ probably want campaign funds when they run again/ vote /4 another republicans who cares about the people
thank you for all you do Doctor Paul!
He's not just a senator,
he's a practicing physician for over 20 yrs he knows what he's talking about
Needs to be required
#RightOnRand
Not our job to guarantee insurance co. profits.  Keep bailout out of there.
Except: a Single Payer healthcare system is beneficial to all: affordable preventative medicine, affordable major medical,
If its not good enough for your family then its not good enough for mine! Stop this partisan charade!
Well I'm against the irs in my health care!!!! Insane!!!!
Sick of corporate bailouts. Sick of government stealing in the name of taxes. Sick of fraud waste and abuse.
you guys so foolish. put it on state sand many states won't have insurers. look at health stats, some states worse than others
Ur NOT President vote YES if u want to stay a senator
Agreed. No more help for unethical, corrupt, failing, businesses. #LookingAtYouTooBanks
Seven years to plan and now it's like . . . oops! We got nothing  GOP = incompetence
What a puts
@POTUS Thank you Senator @RandPaul We support you. It was the right thing to do. Please know supporters of POTUS are in agreement on this.
Just repeal it as of after the next Presidential election and let free markets sort out the rest. It could only get better.
#ThursdayThoughts #Trump #MAGA

Current HC Bill is too complex to garner majority support. 

#Repeal now.

Then fix w/ specific bipar Bills.
Come on rand
@RandPaul I agree with you NO INSURANCE BAILOUT FUND.
Rand Paul who is lining your http://pockets.YOU  WANT NO ONE TO HEALTH BUT YOUR RICH FRIENDS .Greedy, selfish shameful
NO INSURANCE BAIL OUT WE WANT NO TAXES ATTACHED TO OUR LIVES BECAUSE OF 10 MILLION POOR PPL & REFUGEES TAX TAX REFORM REPEAL ACA REPEAL IT..
Why do we always bailout big banks and companies but not the taxpayers??
Keep up the pressure, Rand. You are RIGHT!!
Rand always finds a reason to not do anything, they should all be put on Ocare themselves so they can KNOW the issue first hand !
Me too!
Just work together and everything will be fine
I am sure they could make a great plan for the American People on Healthcare if they do it for the People that voted for them!
The American ppl have taken on $40,000. each 2 bail out car companies, the banks & now we want 2 bail out the insurance mess they made?
It remains the middle class and elderly suffer but we must start somewhere.
Rep Mo Brooks' HR 1718 https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/house-bill/1718/text?q=%7B%22search%22%3A%5B%22Obamacare+repeal+act%22%5D%7D&r=2 …
RP U miss the point, DJT is for bailing out Insurance Co, but NOT for the people!  It's about business, not people!
Repeal Obamacare.  The Dems botched it up so bad that it can't be fixed - face the facts.  The GOP need to repeal it quickly and move on
.. politicians.  See how they like it.
If it helps I against bailouts too.  I'm also against penalizing people for not wanting what Obama Care was selling.  Take away healthcare..
The people should be too
@POTUS, please
#RepealObamacare 1st!
Leave MCaid 4 poor & MCare 4 elderly.
Offer barebone policies (hospital only).
I'm against health care system failure. Medicaid reform should be a big enough win.

The correct & real @RandPaul issue is the 180 Billion $$ tax payer payout to insurance CO this cannot happen @realDonaldTrump @SenateMajLdr
@GovMikeHuckabee  Congress won't work for benefit of American people unless there are term limits b/c reelection is primary to them!
Don't we have a Republican president? Now I'm no doctor, I'm not the smartest person in the room but what's the problem again?
Obamacare
I don't understand what's the problem, don't we have a Republican controlled House and Senate? Didn't Republicans campaign on getting rid of
@POTUS    THX FOR TAKING STAND..THE TRUMP NAME STANDS FOR EXCELLENCE..THE TOTAL OPPODITE OF OBAMA MEANING=WHATEVER=GOOD ENUF FOR DEPLORABLES
NOW THAT WOULD B GREAT ACCOMPLISHMENT 2 B RE-ELECTED ON.  I AM SICK & TIRED OF MEDIOCRE HC AND EDUCATION ETC. MAGA! MAKE AMERICA EXCELLENT
#StandWithRand
You are proof Wisconsin voters are backward & brainless. Hopefully, that will change very soon. #UNSEAT
You need something !!!!! Government need to hold back these doctors and hospitals .two day my wife was in 84.0000 wtf out of control .evil
No more corporate welfare please. Most "conservatives" are frauds, they only conserve on things that would help Americans  - vote them out!
That won't happen. Our congress is too bought and paid for
Ron Paul was and is a great man. It is important to take care of our health now.
Would you please get your sorry ass out from in front of the cameras trashing this bill.  Go work to see if you can come together.
@POTUS 
to @RandPaul -- U know that you have "screwed up" America, right?
Why can't you work with the @GOP?
Are U DeepState?
#RandPaul #MAGA
Add a requirement in the healthcare bill for insurance companies to give a rebate to their customers to limit their profit. Be proactive
HK bill 1pg: Ins across state lines (true/= cmptition); cver pre-existing conditns; kids stay on parnts policy untl 26 - then let Mrkt work!
Where are you going to get 60 votes to Repeal?  Yes, you need 60!
Yep.  No one wants to rip the band-aid off insurance companies. Tax payers should not solve for their bad practices/mismanagement.
Companies operating for shareholders cannot be this close to and interferring in healthcare decisions and patient choices.
As liberals always do, the system is set up to grease certain pockets and riddled with abuse to be sure other pockets get things for free.
...and they spend the same $ twice. Another problem is predatory attorneys and frivolous lawsuits - spending the same money yet again.
Financial industries top execs/staff/salespeople/shareholders do not pay for  protection the Gov gifts THEM on behalf of taxpayers. Why?
No one gave physicians a bailout when Obamacare decimated practices! No to ins company bailouts!
You should never be shunned by your president for doing what is best for your state ect. He thinks he's doing real estate he's a bully
Sen.Paul is against the poor getting health care even in his home state please remember this when it comes time to vote
I agree. Free market and tax cuts for middle class is needed. Keep at it Senator!
This is all I have to say
Amen brother full repeal thanks for standing your ground.
BIG INSURANCE gets to all with "CARE" ads (IS BUSINESS) while gouging GOV/USA taxpawers for billions in profit - suckers born every minute
Amen brother full repeal thanks for standing your ground
Great! Then go Single Payer and US citizens can SAVE MORE THAN $400B/yr!... 

AND the paperwork & hurdles will be eliminated.
. U should repeal Obama care then pass a law that nobody can b denied coverage then get out of the conversation.
Right there with you
Businesses always work better when forced to restructure after failing. Bailouts preserve the status quo.
This man is 100 percent correct.
Rand Paul = RINO = Libertine
President Trump said let Obamacare fail, That's what needs to happen 
I agree @RandPaul
Time to repeal ocare is now no recess until done
Paul - I'm with you on the insurance bailout issue... no, no, no!
Law says OC will go for 2yrs > a repeal--this is another built in catastrophe of this http://bill.New  law will take effect in 2yrs!
Why should the insurance companies get bailouts!! We the people are left with HUGH!! DEBT!!! WHAT ABOUT OUR BAILOUT!!
i don't like ins co, but i govt doesn't share in risk, ins co will pull out of states
If you know it will pass anyway then vote for it. If not your voting for skyrocketing premiums to cover pre existing conditions.
No insurance bailout. They are so rich already. You got tp be kidding. Greed wants more.
Exactly right.
Enough of my cash goes into the insurance companies pockets don't add insult to injury and give them my tax money too!
Your protecting the obscenely rich people in tax cuts & the insurance & drug industry's massive profits over the U.S. Public safety is SICK!
Actually the media would love to talk about that stuff but Trump works hard to make sure nothing else gets attention but him. @FoxNews
Trump is to blame for his own actions.
They have the key to the kingdom but can't figure out what to do with it

EXCLUSIVE: Fox News Under FBI FARA Investigation https://patribotics.blog/2017/07/20/fox-news-under-fbi-investigation-fcc-broadcasting-license-under-threat/ …
No bailouts! If you're about to fail then fail, some small firm is ready to pickup your slack. Isn't that how America works?
Sen Paul. Mr. Piro  interviewed some very nice/intelligent Customers @ Kathy's having breakfast this morning. The survey = repeal ACA! Thx!
Why would we bail out an industry that showed a  $15 billion profit last year?
No bail outs! Let the free market rule the day!
REPEAL NOW!
We the people are against you going against the president & we the people will vote you out!
You've just elevated him to the position of dictator. You happy with this?
True, why are we bailing out insurance companies? In fact, if nothing happens Obamacare also bails out insurance co. #CorporateWelfare
NO INSURANCE BAILOUT FUND . . . .
I don't know what the answer is but something has to change in Washington
Our wonderful legislators won't vote for it  -- that's what they've been trying to do.  Now what????
#NoBailOut #HealthCare Able-bodied Medicaid Recipients should have to work to receive benefits.
Personal knowledge some want to do some work but lose any medicaid if do, possible to change?
Having a job a would be a requirement for gaining Medicaid eligibility. For all Able-bodied recipients.
With where premiums are this would include a large segment of the population. And that's ok with me since I would fall into said segment.
We do not need insurance bailout. Don't need Obama's tricks
Rand Paul and Rino's will never agree on anything...... Hasta La vista
Voters understand that Rand enjoys being Jr. Senator to Mitch McConnell, so he can grandstand w/out Kentucky suffering......
Rand Pual is a commie
