Welfare and food stamps are a minute portion of the budget. Get rid of military bloat first.
@alllibertynews oh please!
Lol wut? How is it on the backs of poor people?
Why don't you admit, that #USA is totally bankrupt since 2008? Or don't you know the figures?
http://www.usdebtclock.org/ 
rand how will we pay back 20 trillion, sell California and its people to China? Get trade & budget balanced-thanks!
Why pay back? Think about the causes, make a cut, throw away your FIAT-money (US$), and restart financial system! 
We definitely need to get rid of FED/Debt is $ scam.Default on non-USA held debt. Stiff Asia. FED will do it w hyper!
The FED debt money system brought the world to the point, where we are today, nearest to collaps.
a race to the bottom. 100 dollars will by one loaf of bread in my short time left on earth.
Look at Germany in 1923 - the hyperinflation -
DO it!!
@MayaMacGuineas I will believe it when I see it.
freeze the nea, pp baby killers, the billions of $waisted at the epa. Public indoctrination schools that corrupt
yup but the establishment scared their fed pigeons won't keep them in office, scam socialism at its best
@alllibertynews Doctor can do math to boot! Allll right! 
Also include how many thousands of people will die or go bankrupt as a consequence.  Statistics, you know.
@simonhedlin Impossible.
will it also repeal #obamacare?
get rid of Use/Lose for the military, put remaining balance into savings, reward most cost efficient sections
Great Suggestion! Let's run the government like we run our household.
Thank You!
ohhhh yes get it done
keep up the good fight!  There are only a handful of true conservatives in the Senate.  Dont back down!
Steer clear of that nonsense that @SpeakerRyan is peddling. Make the tough cuts!
Why? Across the board, or just in some sections? What about union contract required COLA?
ok
cool send a copy to trump
@alllibertynews rany policy 
promi$e$/grantee$ the amerika people  a 9.8 trillion dollar rai$e in the debt in 
le$$ than 10 year$!
How about putting the tax payers money to work for the tax payer?  Not into corporate welfare and subsidies?
How about cutting military spending and not starting a nuclear arms race to space. Noy funding global terrorism could save a bunch
let's see it @RandPaul pls bring your #fiscalresponsibility to next administration, work w @realDonaldTrump to #balancethebudget
First chance we have had to get things back, don't fuck it up!
if @billclinton can balance a budget why can't this congress? Thank you for standing up! #usnotthem
don't stop ever.
go for it!
seniors need a raise in social security benefits , something Obama has denied us.
freezin aint enough...it must be slashed...abolish 90% of govt agencies
make sure you stop sending money to other countries
Yessss!
@SenSchumer @POTUS @NancyPelosi You want to freeze spending, balance budget, but back ACA Repeal, increases deficit by $390B+?
I agree with you that your party is hippocrateville!! They are literally running around with their pants on fire!
Did you tell that to the rest of the Republicans? It seems that the proposed budget is not going that way.
With all the demands for free shit, why isn't anybody demanding government be free?
Did your momma not tell you not to piss into the wind
please don't gut Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security just to balance the budget!
Nah, they'll do that for their own retirement superfund
How about cutting the spending 5% per year starting NOW?
IF "ObamaCare" is repealed, may I please have a refund of my tax returns that were withheld for not having insurance?
No $ to "vetted" Syrian rebels or Ukraine DEFUND the UN we don't need them Cut $ to CIA Give $ to Border patrol until WALL is up
the country living within its means? Madness! Who could imagine such a thing?
and limit EO by president
I'm down with both of these ideas.
We don't want or need a "balanced budget" in 5 years. WE WANT A REDUCTION IN DEFICIT! #taxeskill#deficitssuck#drasticmeasures
Better u take care of the elderly, and refurbish the military to match putin etc.  !
yasss!!
Here, here!
I will put forward a budget that freezes spending and balances the budget over a 5 year period. 
#dontrepealACA
Although "Austrian" austerity was a terrible idea in 2011, with the economy near full employment it's now alright.
rand Paul 2024
Balanced budget in 5 years years of an 8 year term!  Under budget, ahead of schedule!!
Love to save money, cut the waste but don't cut military and intelligence, need to be safe
Starting wars makes me feel safe too.
.@RandPaul God bless U & keep U safe!
#StandWithRand Repubs ya'll are withus as we R 100℅ n we will do it right let's not kick the can down the road ever again thxuall.
let quit sending money to other country's 
And build this country up get out of debt starting now
Use our god given fuels here
you do understand that we export gas. Right? That's income for the oil companies. Problem is you don't see it
Dems and GOP constantly point to a balanced budget as a positive of Bubba's term. Why have they both opposed one since?
Come on, you know @realDonaldTrump won't go for this. How will he funnel money to Russia? #nowaycomrade
No, we don't think he does. Why do you say that? @RandPaul @realDonaldTrump
Not sure what RAM has to do with anything, but we checked and have plenty free, please explain.
5 years?!? 
How about tomorrow? And how about we cut spending to 1988 or maybe 2000 levels?
Balance the budget? That's just CRAZY talk, sir! Possibly even a little racist! :)
Go gettem!
Will the budget balanced from freezing spending after you cut the taxes paid by wealthy people? - Answer=No
