Happy to see that Bowling Green is so resilient. My heart and prayers are with all the victims.
that was fake news made up by Kelly Anne Conway. Never was a terrorist attack in Bowling Green
Thanks, Colby. Now I can concentrate my heart and prayers with Sweden.
I don't know what president Trump has been smoking but it must be some powerful stuff. Or he should stop watching TV
He needs to put down the remote and pick up the pipe. Marijuana is quite effective at controlling aggression and outbursts.
How do you plan on covering the many patients with serious preexisting conditions?
His bill allows those with preexisting conditions to get on a plan within 2 years.
Two years? That's laughable.
Go w/o car insurance & try finding a policy that will cover an accident after the fact.
Won't they need health coverage after the devastating attacks?
@CashBama Senator Paul, we need u to take care of this healthcare situation to bring 100% credibility to ur party and Trump!
...I think he should let Obama care die of its own doing and then replace
That has been discussed so we will see soon enuf!
...it can't survive without the law making people purchase it
I think that mandate was already repealed???  Not sure.
...by President Trump thru EO...

move to Massachusetts and become my senator!
Really surprised to see anyone alive there. Be careful that those people really aren't zombies. #RIP
well it appears Washington's plan is to provide healthcare to the masses by way of prison and the rebooting of the Drug War.
You talked a good game. Prove your beliefs are true and make a stand against the institutional slavery program aka The Drug War.
Did you discuss the Bowling Green massacre? Such a dark day
great respect for you, my replace AFC would only address its original goal 30-40 mil without HC access, patient provider only
how are they recovering after the massacre?
Get to Tom Price committee. Or we may not have anything close to your plan. PLEASE. Neocons trying to submarine you as usual
I am having a very hard time understanding why you don't just tweak it. Fix it. Already in play less costly. I guess you petty
I actually thought you might consider Country over Party, WRONG
Obvious majority of America even Repubs do not want Repeal.  So you guys are God now is that it?
Any victims of the Bowling Green massacre there? Bet they need good medical insurance to cover their imaginary injuries.
Thank u Sen Paul for standing with the people of Bowling Green after their terrorist attack. Our thoughts & prayers r with them.
When are you having a Town Hall in Northern Kentucky?
Thank you Senator for working to replace the disastrous Obamacare!  Keep up the good work!
Is this the Bowling Green Massacre?
Rand Paul creating Bowling Green Massacre by denying constituents healthcare
150 pages w/ ZERO House support isn't a plan. Anything less than #FullRepeal  is epic betrayal. This should be 3 sentences.
did you get to meet any survivors of the massacre?? @KellyannePolls
Everybody wants to be a fucking SOCIALIST ! Government has no RIGHT to be involved in FORCED healthcare. Shove it Rand !
Is that the same Bowling Green where the massacre happened?  Don't you think after that these people deserve health care?
Instead of meeting with constituents who will be denied healthcare, you meet with the ones who will be benefitting most - got it!
still waiting for details
I guess the whining Liberals couldn't make their way from The East Coast to disrupt your town hall
Looks like they've recovered from the Great Bowling Green Massacre. God speed you magnificent and brave healthcare people.
.@RandPaul hopefully you observed a moment of silence for the #BowlingGreenMasacre
really disappointed in you. I thought you were different from the rest.
Thank You, Thank You for your proper comments on Sen. McCain - God Bless You
stop by the corvette plant and have them whip up a Supercharged convertible for me
Media propaganda tells lies about Obama care that exposes that some are getting free stuff. 
I say stuff b/c free is never Care.
Great to see you bringing hope to people still reeling from that senseless massacre. Never forget.
can't believe you support trump.he has done enough damage!step up. This is wrong!! party before country.shame on you!
Do not force us to keep this socialist obamacare one more day End the requirement
Of forced participation.
and without riots and protesters.  keep the wheel of change rolling for repeal.
Why not meet with patients? Those with pre-existing conditions? Parents of children with disabilities? #resist
the ACA is the latest victim of the Republican's Bowling Green tragedy.
Thanks for calling out John McCain....Its long overdue, I think you have the Best ACA options, work with Price
please talk with DR TOM LAGRELIUS -
sending my thoughts and prayers #BowlingGreenMasacre
this is great, but obamacare replacement needs to discuss w/insurance companies as well. Physicians know little about insurance
I'm still grieving you not being my president. :(
how much did you pay them to be there?
YOUR replacement?  *Snort*
The replacement Obama care plan if there's any it's only going to affect the seniors & poor citizens The rich get richer/poor out
486,000 people in KY potentially could lose coverage if ACA is repealed, KY high in unhealthy people, what's your real plan???
One of the most ineffective Senators ever. Totally irrelevant but keeps talking. Trump was right that Paul is an idiot. Resign.
.  Rand you are an Awesome Senator to do this. I hope it works.
great idea. Get the people involved. Wish more politicians thought like this.
yeah get yeah get him the f*** out of the Senate
thanks for your good quote about McCain.  Stand with Trump.
We can't afford oCare:millions lost Drs,plans!men have to pay4 pediatric dental,OB gyn,& women pay4 prostate exam!Need Relief,ASAP
We were promise REPEALnot replace.HR3762 should be launched YESTERDAY.Attatching it to replace Delays,detracts,denizens Rep.ANYWAY
hopefully, you are respectful of those we lost in the #BowlingGreenMasacre
still behind your eyes as a 100 percent
If only there was a Senator who is both a physician who understands the h/c system AND had a liberty-minded solution.
wonderful. Where are you on investigating the president's ties to #Russia ?
he is there now covering up the massacre with the Russians. Now where did i put my tin foil hat 
I have perfect Obamacare Replacement. Ask me. Unlike anything proposed. Strong in every detail. Undeniable. Stunningly effective.
Did you visit the scene of the Massacre??
your replacement plan is a punch in the face, right? What did the medical community think? Pro-punch-in-the-face?
"I SUPPORTED YOU MANT TIMES..I ASK ONLY THAT YOU STAND FIRM FOR "WE THE PEOPLE" who are % for PRESIDENT TRUMP" TY
CEO's of insurance companies present to dictate premiums. A lot of people protesting the repeal of ACA.
did you discuss the massacre? @WhiteHouse
That the reason nothing get down u get a plan but then other guys get a plan and then both argued over it then nothing get done BS
2015 Medicare spent $31 Billion on Falls! Quick Feet for any age. We save money and improve quality of life. #sanddune
So BRAVE of survivors of #BowlingGreenMassacre 2 go out in public.Repeal & Replace with same healthcare YOU enjoy at our expense
Ohio County tomorrow Chamber Meeting I hear
are you honoring the massacre victims?
KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK!
World Health Org shows that annual per capita health expenditures in Panama are $723.30 compared to $8,895.10 in the U.S. How?
and how were announcements for the meeting sent out?
experts since all those people who were massacred came piling into their hospitals  #BowlingGreenMasacre
U CAN'T STOP APOSTLE PAUL AND THE U.S. CONSTITUTION!!!
PAUL IS ON FIRE!!!
Is there a video of this?
your plan#? Donnie won't like it if you don't name it after him or at least Ivanka.
Why did you waste so many tax dollars with 7 years so symbolic repeals? Weaknesses there by Repub sabotage. Program works
the real bowling green massacre is that POS you call a health care plan
: Death Plan.
If we go back to non coverage for pre existing conditions, you will be held accountable. #ProtectOurCare
You didn't want to bother investigating Trumps & Russia bc your too busy trying to repeal the ACA tax on the wealthy. Shameful
you must convince congress to balance a budget
Are Republican's  serious about staying in control of Congress they best deliver GREAT healthcare,LOWER taxes, REFORM Immigration!
saw your plans for ACA terrible.america is voting  GOP out
Did you visit the Memorial for the massacre victims?
DON'T allow establishment Republicans to craft an Obama Light Bill Republicans will own health care Dem's will use this against U!
45 is banning the press, lying, creating chaos and this is what u r doing? How do u sleep at night, senator, how do I sleep?
but did you discuss the massacre?
such strong people! #BowlingGreenMasacre
Thank you Senator Paul. God bless you for  your efforts.
Now that's a productive town hall!
Still waiting to hear you say you will be first to sign up for your plan. Would dispel many doubts about its superiority to ACA.
the congress doesn't have a single member on aca. The aca was passed without a single Repub vote. And you say this?
stop the brainwashing of old Americans!
Glad you could be at the site of the Massacre.
Did you find those responsible for the #BowlingGreenMasacre ?  Hopefully they can be brought to justice!!
why are we not eliminating the department of education? @SpeakerRyan @POTUS
Go Rand... we support you
thanks for fighting for us who pay a lot more for our insurance as soon as Obamacare kicked in. We can't keep our plan or doctors.
those poor people, the massacre was the worst and the media isn't reporting it! And even you sir! Ignored it! J/k Kelly is a liar
How did that work out Put your plan in Medicaid save money 1 plan combine instead of 2 we don't need Paulcare Do something
@LizMair no, he's losing g credibility by trying to fix a non-existent problem. Hint, you'll just make it worse.
Thank you Rand.
keep up the good work
was there a moment of silence for the victims?
never forget something that never happened #BowlingGreenMasacre #Fakenews #FakePresident #FakeCongress
what this the aftermath of the massacre look like?
hmmm, you didn't mention Kellyanne Conway's Bowling Green terror attack.  IMPEACH RAND PAUL,THE COMMUNIST! #RYANCARELESS
Bowling Green, Sweden?
how'd it go Rand?
Bowling Green?! Where the #BowlingGreenMasacre happened?! Does @POTUS know?!
Excellent, #BowlingGreenMasacre survivors need to know that the #ACA will accept with their preexisting conditions.
GET TRUMP IMPEACHED PLUS GET SECRET TELEPATHIC POLICE CONSPIRACY INFO. EMAIL FAX # to RED240ZEEEGUY@AOL.COM  12534311695
We need to convince the @GOP to back and pass your plan ASAP! Waiting does no good for anyone.
Hope you laid a wreath at the site of the massacre. Seriously, glad you're working on this issue. Hope the solution works for all.
Thank you for standing up to John McCain and supporting president Trump!!
You massacred people's health care just to fall in line with your master.
they recovering from that horrific ordeal? has BIG ORANGE visited the poor survivors  you're a reasonable man talk to him
, any Black people in Bowling Green?
were they all zombies? #Resist
did they discuss the massacre?
How about constituents?
great, keep socializing healthcare thoughs @RandPaul can you post videos of events or a summary on your youtube page please? thx u
hold together support each other get it improved thru change for all, discorders after personal limelight/wallets/fear #USSenate
Come on, you HAVE to see the humor here.
I heard you speaking on Fox. Your plan makes sense. Where can we read the details? I can call @SenBlumenthal and @ChrisMurphyCT
is there a link to it?
You went there? Have they recovered from the massacre?
Now that's a real massacre.
that's the massacre? Repealing health care?
did you also discuss the massacre?
How did ObamaCare impact victims of the #BowlingGreenMassacre?? #ThinkOfTheChildren
very impressed with Rand @RandPaul on the Sunday shows. Excellent job.
Remembering the Bowling Green Massacre, also? #RememberBowlingGreen
did you pause for moment of silence for the victims of the massacre? 
they really need help down there after #thebowlinggreenmasaacre #NeverForget
Stand with Bowling Green an the massacre they endured. Why didn't you speak out @RandPaul ?
Tried to buy Obamacare. $900 monthly, $5000 deductible, couldn't use my doctor or choose hospital. Please repeal and replace!
or just repeal
@realDonaldTrump Here is a man worth listening to he is out serving.  POTUS lend him your ear we need to repeal OBAMACARE NOW 
Any survivors of the massacre there?
My best to those who were injured and killed in the Bowling Green Massacre.  My thoughts and prayers to their families and friends
What the what? Are you trolling us? Trump? The planet? Or just out of your mind?
Shame on you Rand Paul, your "plan" helps fat cat CEO's not the sick.
please give my condolences for the massacre
what about the massacre that happened there
same spot as that terror attack that didn't happen?  Be smarter please - way less party over country. Make terror war more secret
Did you help take care of the folks who were hurt during the massacre?
You guys didn't instead choose to make the meeting about preventing future massacres? Only you can prevent #BowlingGreenMasacre
republicans will simply repeal. Stop the fairy tale.
lot of apolitical people have serious concerns GOP plans will leave pts with serious preexisting conditions out in the cold again.
any public town halls coming up? I'm a constituent and would love to hear your thoughts on this issue.
did you discuss the massacre?
I hope congress & President Trump take a good look at your plan. I wished your plan included Medicare. They aren't my doctor
did you discuss the Bowling Green Massacre?  Your blind eye to trump is a betrayal to the American people
#NeverRemember
A "REAL massacre"  in Bowling Green, Just wait and see people
Massacre survivors?
they need medical help. That massacre must have scarred them emotionally.
The real massacre! #BowlingGreenMasacre 30,000,000 left uninsured so you and you're friends can steal more money off middle class
Must repeal all to get rid of non-medical stimulus and fat.
Are you discussing or promoting? We want  your plan! #NOVOUCHERS
It will be nice to see actual Healthcare providers involved in replacing ACA lie.
DOCS IN ..... #StandWithRand
Why dont you just use  the same system we use to have police officers and firefighters

#UniversalHealthCare #ThatBeTooFuckingEasy
I'll call for backup.
cut the bonuses to the hospital administrators if they want to remain "non-profits"! Otherwise tax them & use $ for poor ppl
could you imagine if your auto insurance required exacting preventive maintenance?
Shame on you for continuing to call ACA Obamacare. It is disingenuous.
@LizMair Did you talk about the massacre?
RIP.
Sweden stands with Bowing Green and Bowling Green stands with Sweden! #BowlingGreenMasacre #SwedenStrong
How r things after the terrorist attack there? Climate chg is real! We r  holding u responsible 4 coalmining waste into our waters
why are they all fat?
lol.....very staged
Thank goodness, but the health insurance cartel is most to blame.
Obama didn't take office until 09, but okay.
Sen Paul, r circle used to have respect for you. No longer. After u demolish healthcare your constituents will likely also have 0
Nobody is demolishing healthcare. We're taking away government involvement in it.
ACA was GOP plan  in 90s. A free mkt based plan w/individual responsibility. Yes, even mandate (which makes work) was there
There hasn't been a true free market in healthcare since 1901
