What does Comey have to say now? This is so big, it's disgusting!
It's NOT ILLEGAL you bumbling bot fool
And you would know! That settles it I suppose...
Look it up! Not my job to educate you on the LAW!
Typical response. I know it's not illegal
Yes. Get her on the stand, let her perjure herself, charge her, convict her, lock her up and throw the key away.
Whoa calm down. Guessing that colluding with putin is ok with you?
I have seen no proof of your claim. If you have it, let me see it. If you don't, this conversation is over
Just sent 2-3 articles thru twitter. Read them if you can. And I am fine with not speaking with you again.
Not interested in your fictional claptrap. Have a nice life
So sorry Joel I didn't realize you could not read. Be a good boy then and sit in front of the tv and believe EVERYTHING Fox News tells you
I'm doing you a favor by not engaging you. There is a side to me I don't even like. Now crawl back into the hole from whence you came.
After you
Love you Rand!
For what?
Reverse targeting?  So that's not really a thing. And you're saying that out of all that's happened you think Obama committed espionage? Ha!
@SpecialKMB1969 Can anyone in the GOP fight these corrupt Dems? BACKBONE. Investigate Rice. My God, stop letting voters down.
Just another crook to plead the 5th.  Ugh. When will someone go to jail???
She belongs in prison.
How do you figure all tried to do is find out who "redacted was in talks with the Russians"  not sure that's illegal?
Barry thinks women should go to jail
One or all?
she did nothing,  u r easily manipulated   I have some land in florida real cheap, great location, u will be so happy
If your gonna quote a song at least use the correct words it's Arizona you mindless snowflake.
Totally cleared as trump and paul are total liars
Some say you are a man of honor. moment of truth is here- IC R's say "no smoking gun " in intelligence docs re Rice. Waiting for apology....
Maybe called doing her job?  Doesn't the fact they are up to their necks in Russians not bother you at all you dip stick???
Putting her under oath would be me useless.  As a matter of fact, I doubt if she knows what the truth is.   Indict her.
Why should the Trump campaign worry about surveillance? They were forthright with the public about the Russian connection. Ha, ha/
I agree and many more do 2.
Please get to the bottom of this.   drain the swamp
How about a massive request from the GOP to indict this criminal?  Our government needs to show that laws are not only for the little people
It literally says in the article she likely did nothing illegal
How is this remotely illegal?
4th amendment.
I thought you were better than this.
Me too! I'm really disappointed in @RandPaul , buried his head in the sand when it comes to #TrumpRussia.
Trump russia has been investigated for months and still no evidence.  Whats going to get thru to you?! Quit being a msm sheep
Watergate took 2 years from incident to resignation...45 won't last much longer than that.
Another one that can tell the future with confidence.  I dont believe anything ppl like u say anymore.
Commenting on a stranger's post is the opposite of not caring what they think. Why not just keep it to yourself?
Paul desperately whines about something that wasn't illegal because he's decided to hitch himself to a sinking ship
Ah yes, the drip, drip of people doing their jobs legally.  Stop letting Trump play you and get on the right side of history. #Trumprussia
@RandPaul Keep pushing Senator! Rice is just the tip of the spear in what will be a scandal of epic proportions when it's all said & done.
A round of golf and a couple of beers with a photo op? Did he throw in presidential balls?  (Now lets recap what NS Advisor does..)
President got no balls, apparently neither does @RandPaul  #Cowards #Kompromat #PutinPuppets #Collusion #obstructionofjustice #trumprussia
issue a subpoena and force her...first interrogate her subordinates to find out what they know.
She needs to testify under oath and even then she probably will lie. She will obey her orders from Obama.
Like she's gonna say yes. NOT.
Would think many US citizens could never believe her. Won't she just plead 5th? I can't forgive the Bengahzi incident.
I will NEVER forgive or forget!
Did you know then Jarrett get's her daughter, a lawyer from Chicago a job at CNN as a reporter of the DOJ, Sessions! (spying).
Lawyers who never work at their profession. Who " analyze" instead of litigate or prosecute. Ego.Status Attainment. Self enrichment. Waste.
If you establish a secret channel wth hostile foreign power, you shouldn’t expect to have your fucking name kept secret, "PERIOD"
Are you saying this because we pretend to be at wat with ISIS, whike we play a double field against Assad? Most American's don't want war.
Whoa dude you're a lunatic. God bless Israel.
What did FBI tell you when you asked them whether there is ANY truth to these accusations you have been repeating?
Don't call for it, get the person that needs to get a subpoena walk them through and get it DONE! NOW! No more TALK!
Get her in there then she can 5th herself to jail!
So many negative butt-hurt liberals & never Trumpers whining. Keep up the good work, Paul. She needs to be held accountable for her actions.
Unbeknownst to these libtards, Rand Paul actually upholds the constitution which these people are so against.
might want to ask Trump to do that. Good luck in your new job once you're voted out.

I support you 100% percent on this issue.
Why? These people never seem to tell the truth. Unless it's just to get a testimony on record.
So you made a "deal". You'll backup his insane tweet if he'll back up your insane healthcare plan. Your word means nothing
Thanks Rand Paul for talking about this. Please get your "peers" to start demanding too. This is horrible, and we know that crimes committed
Good for @RandPaul ! Liking him more and more!
me too!
Certainly better than @SpeakerRyan !!!
for sure!
#tcot 
#SusanRice needs to be called before a grand jury to testify.
And when she pleads the fifth it will be dropped like clinton. Zero repercussions !
You won't find fingerprints but BO is all over it!
Great job senator. These are very troubling allegations. Let's find out who was involved.
She will plead the 5th.
Did Trump show you evidence (classified information) of something she did? Are you helping him cover the Russia problem
Rand, Did Trump fill your head w paranoid propaganda while you were playing golf. Do you know how crazy you sound?
Put her in jail! Set an example!
Hey if she has nothing to hide, she should testify
why do I know more about the way this process works than you do?
U GOP r going 2 lose with all dirty tricks u r pulling, starting w/McConnell. We have crisis & u r play games.divide country weakens nation!
I think after u get nothing from this,it should b put in your face day after day as reminder how u wasted time&effort not able 2prioritized
Got 36yr old Kushner & trumps personal security guy from NYC, sitting down with the Kurds w/no experience,that's what u should worry about!
You r not going to get anything on this... the reason u r doing it is despicable! U don't care about American people u just want your way!
I call on @RandPaul to stop lying.
I know you're not that dumb. You do know who #Manafort and #Flynn are, right? Shouldn't they be unmasked? One was Leading NSC and was fired
He is now registered as a foreign agent. Think about that.
Dr. Paul you sure have taken a lot of interest in this and seemed to completely ignore #TrumpRussia. Why?
so when will you & Trump do a funny Pizza Hut commercial cuz that's how classy it sounds; you & Trumpie golfing. Puke. Adios Doc
Put Trey in charge!!
http://mobile.reuters.com/article/politicsNews/idUSKBN1772BK …
I stand with Rand!
RAND PAUL FOR SPEAKER OF THE HOUSE!! <3
He's in the Senate.
So it's the black woman's fault that our fearless leader is a Putin puppet?
Senator - can't tell you how fed up we are with investigations & no results, no indictments, no prison. No immunity from now on.
Lying is what you and Trump do well. Another idiotic statement from you.
Why is Paul against legal investigations into possible treason? Cover-up for Trump?
And you think she will testify truthfully?? Big joke !!
AssMonkey Paul no evidence playing with his banana and throwing his shit
Just quietly start the investigation in the DOJ and then let her know what's up as you are putting the cuffs on her.
#SusanRice is a proven prolific liar. She will either take Fifth or lie.I'm betting the Fifth. Sad she'd destroy her career over Loser Obama
Stop the distraction. Deal with Russia. It is a national security problem.
Thank you sen paul, please make this happen.  Please put her under oath. Keep this in the spotlight and expose obama's plot to hurt America
@GOP Rand Paul does not understand how national security investigation procedures and should keep quiet until he does
I didn't hear she was asking for immunity like that pussy Flynn. I like people who aren't traitors
Right-wing alternative facts or just stupid. Paul's an  embarrassment.
What has this got to do with Russian collusion? Who were us persons talking to and why? Why does Trump condemn Assad without ment. of Russia
Incredibly disappointed in you.  Listening to Gen. @GenMhayden right now explain that you are incorrect. Why do bidding for Pres Trump?
Senator, you cannot possibly be this ignorant of Nat Sec procedures and practices. You know better.
I can't believe you flipped for 1 free golf game and a promise of a bigger role in the GOP. You are now on the wrong side of history too.
She needs to be prosecuted
You might be opening up a big ol' can of worms for Trump if she testifies. Let's declassify all of the Intel collected on Trump.
Not only that, let's get Nunes and Paul Ryan to testify under oath. Paul Ryan has to several different stories. 
Unless EVERYBODY will testify under oath, you're wasting our time. Find better use of your time and look into Trump's secret wars.
While you people distract us with this Susan Rice foolishness, we should be bracing ourselves for attacks due to Trump's inept leadership
Good man, Senator Paul! Prior administration fostered run-a-muck cover-ups, leakers and illegal spying. It must stop. Prosecute and jail!
Thank you Senator Rand Paul
I thought @RandPaul were a libertarian who didn't sell out. Oh well! Let's have another TRUE libertarian next election.
@realDonaldTrump Sen Paul, Rice Obama have committed criminal acts bigger than Watergate.Pls encourage more reps to come spk on this outrage
it's funny @CNN #fakenews & pundits say she did nothing illegal without knowing what she did. I guess we take her word
She didn't just wake up and decide to on her own
We shall see if she gets any punishment & NOT ABOVE THE LAW
@POTUS44  Obama schmuck ordered it, we all know this.  Americans aren't stupid.  Obama Lies, Susan Rice lies.
@Roni_K_Patriot Why can't we just accumulate evidence then charge her w/crime as private citizen - which she is-forget testifying
tell em Dr. Paul ! Hold your ground and fight back!
She's just going to deny everything, that's what the Dems do. Look at what @HillaryClinton got away with. Erasing evidence and lying.
If you were smart Rand you would jump off the Trump Gravey Train before it Derails.
S Paul - My respect for you has evaporated following your golf date with DT. The S Rice issue is smoke and you know it. no more BS please
Your obstruction of justice is duly noted.
punching below even your height doing the bidding of the incompetent Buffoon POTUS. Distract from fact that #trumptastrophy aided by Moscow.
She will only continue to lie. She colluded with the Clintons and Obama. It's obvious.
So after golf w/the #Pissident, now U2 R going 2 rely on @FoxNews 4 pr?  
Y 4every sensible thing U do or say, U counter w/acts of idiocy?
Again, the reports are it had nothing to do with Russia. Not that hard to understand.
YES, DIRECTIVE from BARACKMOHAMMEDOBAMA!!! Who else? STOP wasting time before we are an ISLAMIC COUNTRY! That was the plan you know.
Why?She'll just plead the fifth.
WE THE PEOPLE who SUPPOSEDLY RUN THIS COUNTRY, call for Obama to go to GITMO. WE have enough PROOF. JAMES KALLSTROM would DO THE RIGHT THING
here is what you'll get "I don't recall" or "I plead the 5th"
And yet you're so quiet on the Russian front. Why not investigate both cases vigorously? That is, if you want the truth
What exactly did Trump offer you to float Susan Rice story. You know damn well she was doing her job. If not you're an idiot. #BeenBought
If no legitimate reason to unmask, then must be political motive and therefore a crime to unmask regardless.  @GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP
Your credibility is at zero. Don't know what Trump promised but it wasn't worth it. Your politics was neat till now. What a waste
hope that you aren't defaming a woman for doing her job
Rand Paul, Spewing your assumptions on Rice before knowing the facts makes you look a lot like Trump.  #Clueless. #Irresponsible. @POTUS
Sorry Rice tends to not be honest and misleading...
She was doing her job unlike you and the Russian paid off puppet we have in the WH...all the Russian bought admin in WH #Russiagate
This's how bad it's gotten for you huh Rand? That you have to go so far to try and validate The Crazy of The Trump? How's that self respect?
Lost all respect for you. Your cowardly probably racist accusation is a paragon of scumbaggery. Rice did her job. You're no libertarian.
About time someone did
RICE & BIGEARED BABOON BAMA BOTH NEED B IN PRISON! +BENGHAZI LIES!
You and I both know it was! And that is SCARY as HELL! I hope people understand what exactly went on...And it's not good!
WHY IS NO ONE LOOKING AT BIGEARED BABOON BAMA HE IS HEAD OF SNAKE WHO ORDERED TRUMP SERVAILANCE!
Call on Obama also and Hillary you know she was involved
@RandPaul  THE REAL PROBLEM IN DC IS... No DC politicians are ever punished  when found committing CRIMES! Instead they RETIRE w/ PAY 
Please convene a grand jury for her testimony. Just under oath she will still lie. Plus follow through unlike before HRC
@lcheweeee @FoxNews what good is it? She's a liar!
#TrumpRussiaCollusion investigate the real criminals
Doing your buddy Trump a favor?  We all know this is an attempt to distract from the Real issue:  Trump's collusion with Russia.

How was your round of golf this past weekend you fraud?
what did trump promise you, all it took was a round of golf to sell your country out
Well if Trump is a Russian agent...kinda makes sense. Also, quit the petty bullshit. It's childish and Trump like. Be better, do better.
FIRST CALL THE SOURCE(S) OF THAT STORY TO TESTIFY UNDER OATH. If you believe Joe diGenova, you're even stupider than you look.
I'm reading all the "trump shiny object"
Articles about paul.Looks like trump ruined another career,Nunes&Paul.Paul must B 1 gullible POS
You have done nothing in 8 yrs but point fingers@ anybody else.No work for your lazy butt just condescending attitude .quit blaming others.
Your racism is showing and has since you were elected. Misogyny wears well on u. At least the woman u r accusing has balls to do her job!
So sick of your self righteous BS has offered nothing since failed run 4 pres. Pathetic senator w/nothing 2 contribute. Stuffing pockets
I believe @RandPaul has a personal problem with Susan Rice. His venom is a bit over the top.
You need to Call Evelyn FARKAS too! SHE WAS IN media talking about How they were SURVIELLING Trump , interview on MSNBC March 2nd, WATCH it.
this is just the latest distraction tactic from Don the Con don't be stupid & be suckered Joseph Digenovajust doing his typical Mud slinging
You are as bad as Trump - unsubstantiated claims, impugning others character with no proof - what did Trump promise you to lie for him?
Dude, cut down on the cray-cray. It's costing you votes.
Sorry dude but Rice did her job. You should try it instead of dabbling on the dark side. Do the right thing for our country please

GOPtrying to divert us from real issue.Stop wasting time w/diversion and actually investigate the real issue:Trump-Russia
yes
I am disappointed in your comments about Susan Rice.  I liked you until today.
You shld read Murdoch's WSJ. Also, re-educate yourself as to the duties of the Natl Security Advisor. Sen, you're better than this stmt.
Subpoena would be better.
subpoena her and Farkas also. Both lying POS
She want tell the truth.
golfs with 45 freak-becomes his ass licking mini bulldog all cause he got his puddle head petted. Forking idiot! @FoxNews is 
Trump is more honest than anybody in Obama's administration. Obama tried to set up a police state for Hillary!
Bring them *all* up to testify on same day but not permitted to hear other's testimony. See how many lies are caught under oath. #SusanRice
That is a GREAT idea!!!! @RandPaul  Do it!!  
Maxine Waters claims she knows about Obama's "Secret Database on Everybody" & will give it to Democratic WH after election.  Subpeona Waters
Shill?  You are laughable...  retread 'fake news'...  Go away.
Exactly! #MAGA
Heard you played golf with trump then sold out..I expected more from you...big disappointment..
When an informed citizen knows more about intelligence process than you, you turn yourself into a partisan hack. Susan Rice did her job.
More fake news. Real news is Trump/Russia collusion in our election. Put America first, not Republican Party.
This liar will take the Fifth! Then what? She must be locked up this time.
Yes we the people wants her to testified under Oath 
Don't let her lie .
