Further, NATO is obsolete not just because the cold war is over but 21st century warfare doesn't require 1950's style buildups. #MAGA #EndEU
Fact check - what blood have we spent as a result of being in NATO?
Chris Stevens of Benghazi, killed after a stupid NATO war turned Libya into a jihadi hellhole
To the best of my recollection NATO was in Libya at urging of US, right? If I'm right (and I may not be), we led NATO in, not vice versa.
France may have been more eager to intervene. That aside, the problem is the US uses NATO to easily start new wars w/o Congress
I agree - we routinely start wars/military actions in violation of Constitution. But that's not NATO's fault - that's ours.
We need to get out of the UN anyway
Sorry @RandPaul no isolationism. @Saint_Obama
He has a valid point. America pays more than fair share in comparison to other NATO members. Many just say "nah" not gonna send troops or $.
and let Russia rule Europe.   Good plan. Smh.
So forcing other countries to pay for their own military protection instead of the US footing the bill = Russia??!

...Have a snicker's.
read a book.

hard to believe a "conservative" wouldn't support NATO.  Ah.  Not conservative?
If the majority of congress had an IQ above 100 they could see that 1. NATO is obsolete. 2. Adversaries would prefer we weigh our budgets...
on maintaining that useless org 3. Kill NATO approve DJTs plan to build up NAVY & Air Force means we can respond to any threat fast. #MAGA
Post-election @RandPaul has emerged as the true leader of the GOP, conservatism, and America
@Jcpcond Trumps win has paved the way for others like an L.P. but 8 years of success is needed for America to change. Wise up GOP
Your are the voice of conservatives. I hope you and our President will fight for these changes we are behind you both.
Blech
That's right, we need our blood and treasure to bomb brown people in the Middle East and line The Donald's pockets.
NATO was responsible for holding USSR in check for 40+ years & was the leading cause of its dissolution - pretty much without firing a shot.
Without firing a shot? Research the many atrocities committed by both powers during the Cold War and after, sir.
Not sure what “atrocities” NATO promulgated. Point remains that w/out NATO Soviets would likely have taken over Europe post WWII
The argument is about the value NATO has brought which by definition is the past. And #NATO has never dragged the US into a conflict
so push to withdraw from NATO and UN if they are not doing their jobs
Thank you for being our conservative voice in Washington. #MAGA, #godblessamerica
that's why your UN Sec. Just called the USA the "conscience of the world" with Trump (who probably didn't vote in yrs) in charge!
You are obstructing Trump/Russia investigation. Country first, not party!! @gop @SenateGOP @dnc
tell potus he may have to enforce marijuana laws in states that don't cough, comply.
Get govt out of herbal medicine
Uncle Sam's world order has had a pretty good ROI for the USA. I would be careful leaving a superpower vacuum...
the skeletons in our democratic closets pale in comparison to those in Russia and others who are licking their chops
.@RandPaul NATO actually serves a clear purpose, unlike some Senators I can think of...
Please name a war NATO has started.
Nothing you said amounts to NATO starting a war.
Please come back when you can actually name a war NATO started, or when you're prepared to admit you can't find one.
@Godsgirl158 @joexg30  NUF SAID time to stop this insanity
Nato ? Time for the scrap heap
yeah, no. Unfollowing this nonsense. Say hi to the Aqua Buddha for me.
Opposing Montenegro's right to join a defense pact is nonsense.
nations have rights, don't they? They applied to join, what justification is there for denying them?

We are a Christian nation and have felt it our duty to help of other countries. It's not like we are the only country contributing
Well said Senator, well said! 
@Jcpcond Paul has some very good positions but has some that are hard to work with. We'll see if he has footing on healthcare
Sen Paul, the founding fathers would be proud of you. NATO served a purpose during cold war but it is very much obsoleted. @potus  #MAGA
@mariakatsme NATO allies have spilled far more blood (in Afghanistan) than we for them. Bad history=bad policy.
@DebFreedomVoice Woo hoo! It's about damned time.
Sure. Have you forgotten how much NATO has helped in the War on Terror? Look it up.
only time Article 5 was invoked was after 9/11 when NATO members spend blood and treasure in Afghanistan helping the US vs AQ.
TRUE but WE WANT NATO TO BE GREAT AGAIN, WE WANT NATO BACK, WE WANT IT WORK AGAIN, IT HAS BEEN HIJACKED FROM IT INTIAL FUNCTION
Also , how in God's name is Turkey a NATO country ?
@big12go_wvu where's your obstruction with that. Seems you only obstruct Republicans to get face time on news. Stuck on yourself.
The two wars I fought in seemed to have a lot of NATO forces joining us. They also had their own equipment and lost lives.
.... send our  kids to war & tie their hands behind their backs ... you can't wage war without collateral damage & our kids die
save the treasure!
@txcelat you can add Japan, Saudi Arabia & South Korea to the list.
Meanwhile we've been bombing the crap out of Syria all cuz Assad didnt agree to allow the trans Arabian pipeline 2 pass thru Syria
Ryan gets first place prize for talking and no action, you can have second place. None of this helps America. Sorry
@ACommonSenseWay EXIT NATO NOW  #FireCongress 2018  Koch Brothers oligarch OWN Conservatives.
Right now NATO is dealing with the refugee crisis our "blood and treasure" created.
I'm a fan....a big one!
Me too Este
@unity_security How do you spend blood?
Crazy as a coon!
- I agree, it is long overdue that the Europeans distance them self from the American leadership and have their own defence forces
Times change.  It is no longer post WW II with Soviet tank divisions threatening western Europe.  Now they invite the threat in.
@JenDinnj 
Agreed but lets go a step further. Redefine & realign NATO'S decision making powers
They & UN are killer bullies on blk
Hey Sugar plum, let's discuss the monstrous mounds of cash America spends for @realDonaldTrump to play golf, k?
@TrumpMomof4
All organizations the U.S. is a part of wants us to pay for everything
NATO is a massive deterrent to any global threat against the United States.
yes.
can only remember Kosovo/Lybia where NATO spent "blood". forget NATO and let EU create its own defense.not sure US wud risk that?
for decades NATO has been the one thing standing between my country and a fourth Russian invasion. Stop it Rand.
Please get your ppl together and SQUASH that commielaw called OBAMACARE, OMG...I'm done if this doesn't happen, I AM LIVID & DONE!
maybe Uncle Sam chooses to be dominant in NATO. Makes military industrial complex happy. As leader in $$ USA can direct outcomes.
enough let us put that money in our own people. Also delete Medicaid on those people that are healthy to get a job. Keep disabled
RAND PAUL NEEDS TO TAKE RYANS PLACE! LOVE THIS GUY!
I would like to see @GovMikeHuckabee in Trump's Cabinet too.him #TrumpArmy
ALWAYS SAID THAT! VERY LOYAL TO TRUMP!
Mike Huckabee is no Pat Buchanon
@realDonaldTrump @RandPaul @SenJohnMcCain #auditthefed #monetaryreform https://www.opednews.com/Poll/Should-The-Federal-Reserve-by-Lance-Ciepiela-Banks_Credit_Debt_Federal-Reserve-System-150324-835.html … #debtfreemoney
It's a Republican jobs program that not incidentally benefits defense
but all the bases are on their land and they will be the countries decimated in the first strike, non-nuclear war.
when did you become a shill for Russia?
uh m/b we should stop going to war and audit the pentagon! That would fund an incredible amount of things- like healthcare for all
@0321jail Thanks Senator Rand Paul my respect for your voice has grown tremendously. You are one of the champions of Democracy.
You are just a walkie talkie, don't have a wisdom to get things done properly.
Yes, of course you DOLT! Because we HAVE and CONSUME a disproportionate amount of the world's resources.
You people spend more money on defence then even Russia.
Over 6800 American troops have been killed in Iraq and Afghanistan.  Get it right, libertarian hillbilly.
I'd say you should replace "Iraq" with NATO in that quote, bubba.
@tladd58 the more I see and hear Senator Paul the more I like him
He's a fighter. And for the most part represents Ky's values
We need to pull out of Nato and the UN.
as someone who has worked with NATO, I will say they are worthless. Terrible discipline and worse leadership.
we need to demand radical new thinking and funding for this organization and the UN.  It's time to ween the other countries.
GOD BLESS YOU SEN RAND PAUL, YOU ARE A TRUE PATRIOT OF OUR COUNTRY.  WE PRAY FOR YOU & APPRECIATE ALL YOU ARE DOING
@Hopefullydove question. Who is listening ? Chairs empty! I like you@RandPaul. But just wonder .
we all know all the dems are hanging with O and Soros. Need term limits in Congress so we can get more listening.
more now is coming forward just how pitiful both parties are!!!!
thanks Rand Paul for speaking the truth!
Very simplistic. True, we paid more than others, but it was/is money well spent: that money is protecting our own interests.
Say I could use a decent raise in my social security check, not the .03% which amounts to $2.75 per Month, that Mr.president, sad
Why is that?
Please learn the rules of capitalization and find a way to compromise on health bills so we can stop the Ocare bleeding
money. really. wasn't it bad enough when Trump passed the hat around asking Germany and other nations for money? embarrassing.
Randy, just put on some pom pom's and a cheerleader skirt and do as the rest of Trumps egghead followers do.
I am becoming a number one fan of yours first and healthcare now on NATO keep up the good work!
@aofarre In pursuit of your own national interests, in the main, Rand.
@txcelat STOP the BLEEDING NOW!
@concerned2511 if you really want to impress US! Do something positive TO support OUR President! Please FOR THE PEOPLE that voted!
YOU are just another one of the Washington croonies! WE THE PEOPLE need to sweep all of Congress out and start over
To be fair.Trudeau redirects funds to other countries and to cover his vacations and glossy photo ops.- NOT for domestic issues
it's the price of being the world leader. I know you think we shouldn't, but would you rather have Rus/China fill in the vacuum?
Don't give up. We are counting on you.
Still paying for very high O-care premiums and HIGH deductible and no remorse after all of your whining? Healthcare before NATO!
Keep up the good fight!
get rid of NATO, we will be better off
we luv ya Rand!
that's some straight up BS!
@Margn222 About Time to start collecting on this debt NATO nations owe
Hey Rand, you got a SECRET BILL on this too??? Break that door down!! RUIN this one too!!!
@NetworksManager You sir are spot on.. we protect the border of other nations but do not protect our own, it's time to change that
Amen! ..and McCain loves war..1% of this Nation fights all the wars...maybe ..time to require every male & female to serve 2 yrs
@realAngeloGomez dude, are you still in office?
NATO was never a good idea!
.@RandPaul This man should've been president
You had your Run, now Sit the F Down. You're Not the President, Curly.
you are really hitting all the right notes lately.
well said! 
our next speaker of the house!? (Yeah) @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @GOP
The next time I fly home to Ky., and you're in town, how about a beer? I'll introduce you to Ben Lacy, kentucky's best guitarist!
@LoveuLynn #dumpUN #NoNWO I agree 100%! TY for working on healthcare, has to be hard with all the #Globalists hanging around!
. ONLY BECAUSE WE WANTED TO. NOBODY FORCED US. REMEMBER, WAR IS GOOD FOR OUR #1 INDUSTRY ARMAMENTS AND WEAPON SYSTEMS!
US would pay much more bloods and treasure without NATO.
Jordan Must go! Rand must shut up or go!
isolationism is not the answer. Handing Merkel an invoice was ignorant. Get over yourselves. #resist
It is really the Army of International Socialism to keep Euro Nations subjugated. They will drag the US into conflict with Russia!
NATO has always and always will be an Antichrist organization set on the destruction of the earth just as God's word teaches us. We need out
is standing up against McCain, Rothschilds, Russian oligarch Oleg Deripaska over Montenegro to join NATO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sh1rhbYD99Q&feature=youtu.be …
@RealTrishDish  You're party and Republican president's are the ones who wanted too now your against it? Lol omg! You guy's lie!
@JedediahBila your thoughts?
I hope we see you teaming up with @realDonaldTrump in the future Mr. Paul
TIME TO SAY  NO MORE!!
"All Congresses... have a kindly feeling for idiots, and a compassion for them, on account of personal experience and heredity."
move back and let Russia take Uot position!
keep up the good fight Rand Paul
NATO has also been the organization that prevents Russian agression into Europe
#MAGA  atta boy Rand! You tell them all!!! 
watch your back! @SenJohnMcCain is getting the hit squad together after these comments #warmonger
We need to stay CONUS!
Where is your Health Care Reform Plan?? YOU CANNOT JUST REPEAL OBAMACARE WITHOUT REPLACING!! WHERE'S YOUR BILL?!
@GaetaSusan   We don't need NATO.  They do.
@DonnaLedford8 Repeal Obama care and get the US out of NATO..why we spend billions to support countries that hate us is beyond me
@NetworksManager Withdraw except Major decimation! Make all Nations pay or put up!
for decades NATO  kept the peace in a Europe that killed 40 million in the 1st 50 years of the 1900's. supported you after 9/11
what is wrong with Mr Paul Has he been asleep the last 17 years and flunked 20 century history?
Sen.Paul thank you for speaking the truth!
He is speaking the truth.
#NATO members also contribute to fighting piracy off #Somalia & policing the #Mediterranean. Freedom of the seas = a US interest.
@MilitaryTimes #NATO partners didn't help contain USSR, balance #Russia, or fight terror in #Afghanistan & #Iraq? All US interests
OK so fix it.
Keep up the fight Rand, we need more people like you in government
We need to leave that money pit #NATO
Yap. I bet if we get attacked, most NATO countries just chicken out
@aofarre When has the U.S ever spent blood for NATO? The U.S is the only country to ever invoke Article 5.
Correct again Senator! Please keep fighting!
@RickAndKim30yrs everyone needs to pay fair share
After 9/11 the first people that helped us in Afghanistan and war on terror was NATO.
It was meant to prevent Soviet invasion, but is allowing Islam to invade Europe without a peep, destroying W. Civilization? WTF?
Is treasure like money?
no expansion and no more money!
Not true at all. Once again you assume that American Citizens are not paying attention to the truth.
- It looks like you were speaking to an empty room.
yea it also forces our foreign policy objectives and keeps out of another world war. Try again dude
blood and treasure ??? are you an 18th century pirate
@RepublicanChick The last 24 yrs NATO has developed into a globalist war lord. AND we paid for it...
I respect this fight, but the FDA and AHCA should be on the agenda until they're done.
Like the Warsaw Pact was dissolved years ago, shut NATO down
@TheVoiceOfPaulR America first?
you and the freedom caucus are heads
please stay focused on healthcare we need to repeal and replace
Why would you worry about blood? Your Gridlock on HC Bill will cause 1000's of unborn babies to be killed by @PPFA.
Thank You Rand Paul
.@RandPaul what about our own government's role in that?
So man crushin on this guy!  I wish people of all political persuasions would wake up and listen to man named Rand.
@BigDuhie1955 Amen!!!
absolutely!  It's time to stop.
Amen Rand
We have treasure?  Certainly not in the White House.
@GaetaSusan Pay up or cut off cash until we are even
@GaetaSusan Yes. Time to leave the UN and let the middle east fight it's own wars.
we're  waiting on the brilliant Healthcare plan you have sponsored and said would be ready to go this week before break! Waiting!
Sorry but NATI has been compromised!
SPOT ON !  All the time we are supporting them they trash USA in the UN.  Kick them out. Move headquarter out of our country.
Seriously NATO was to combat that power of the Soviet controlled Warsaw Pact. This wasn't some horrible alliance we joined.
ummm, don't we as a member decide how much to spend? NATO doesn't send us a bill.
