Has the budget ever been balanced?
1998-2001 when the republicans forced Bill Clinton to the right. Back when the GOP cared about conservatism!
OK, great, so once in the last 16 years, I wonder what has transpired since then to unbalance it so greatly
four times, actually. And the wars happened. Turns out they are expensive.
I reckon they are
I'd argue the best way to balance the budget is not to cut anything and finally go bankrupt instead of fighting to carry the debt
Not enough Republicans supporting America either!!! #UnifiedRepublicanPartyofRussia

Ponzi scheming criminal @gop & @thedemocrats failed to audit the @federalreserve, but continue spending counterfeit blank checks.
@worldbank @ustreasury @eximbankus @usgao @un_spokesperson @thehill re;
STAND BEHIND THE MAJORITY, think about what you did, a lone 
 dissension  voter.
wish you were POTUS!
a sane human being in a sea of fiscal madness.
Agreed!
thank you for trying, good sir. The blood is on their hands.
Why not work with both parties and get the best that pleases all and not half?? Wouldn't that be more American??
I'm so tired of those people. I just don't know what else to say about it anymore. It's like talking to the wall. Anyway, thanks.
- Cowards. They will all be willing to put @realDonaldTrump over country's interests because they fear him. Few patriots remain.
Not supporting @RandPaul's tactics does not equate to fear of @realDonaldTrump
- Didn't mean  @RandPaul but GOP leadership @SenateMajLdr & @SpeakerRyan certainly fear him.
Taxpayer money should be used to improve public schools which is open to all kids.DeVos wants to use the money for private schools
It's like a high score to them, who can get the debt the highest. Thank you for your efforts. Behind you all the way.
Our liberty is at stake with the addition of $10 trillion more in debt. Please organize a committee to investigate the impact!
What sits in my craw is paying for the refugees.  com/2017/01/understanding-americas-debt/grandmathunder. @SenateGOP
stay strong! I support you.
Work with new administration to FORCE FULL FORENSIC AUDIT OF GOVERNMENTIs the only way to prevent continued MASSIVE THEFT
This is a slam dunk winner for Republicans. What is wrong with them! Don't give up...
keep fighting! Americans want this! Get @realDonaldTrump to help! We must stop deficit spending #MAGA #drainingtheswamp
:(
if only we could get people to get behind you the way they did the orange carnival barker/huckster.
kudos to you, Senator. Keep appealing to your fellows, & stay strong in your commitment to saving America from the burden of debt
We need to send a message to DC we #StandWithRand @senategop @realDonaldTrump @catoletters
We need to send a message to @GOP @SenateGOP that fiscal responsibility is important!  #StandWithRand @catoletters
We truly need an amendment to force our government to be fiscally responsible. Along with other amendments to reflect the times
God bless you Rand Paul, please keep fighting for us.
Thank you sir and "may your tribe increase"!
please let us know who needs encouragement and we will call them. .gov. by the people
keep fighting Rand - majority of the Senate are morons
I want a list of those Senators who voted to take the 150 billion out of SS.
This kind of thing needs to be published!
@SenGaryPeters @SenStabenow Just wrote to my 2 Sen. in MI. Suggested they care about my future & stop spending what we don't have!
please keep fighting! I hope my senator @marcorubio joins you!
We are with you Rand
@SenatorLankford @jiminhofe Do it!  NOW!
Congress has always favored increasing the size of government. True reform is only possible at the state level. #livefreeordie
proud to have you representing Kentucky!
I'm so disappointed.   Thanks for continuing the fight.
please do not give up, Senator! Perhaps u should consider a possible gov't shut down! It might just help wake everybody up
give POTUS a line item veto. This Prez will balance the budget.
a
any chance #RedeemAct comes up for a vote?
Too bad you didn't fight harder to win votes. We now will have #DonaldTrump as president. He will surely fail to protect our natural rights.
oh I know! Conservatives seem to have lost their manners and minds! It's embarrassing. Thanks for being a rational voice.
@PolitiHate Remember this next year on Festivus!!!
thank you!
We appreciate you, Rand.
The yea column was a small list of people I'd vote for in a Presidential race, including a couple that didn't run. Keep fighting!
represents the ideas for gov budget your supporters want so get rest of GOP in line...Please, sir @realDonaldTrump Thanks #MAGA
Capitalism has failed in this country. Our political and economic system is corrupt. 1% dangle a carrot saying anybody can make it
I envy you but republicans will lose fast if we tighten the budget before the economy has officially gotten more robust
please do Sir. We are behind you.
@HipsterYogi Please Raj don't but this idiot on my timeline
I like Rand Paul, Justin Amash, and Ben Sasse ;-)
Rand Paul thinks that having a right to healthcare is the same as supporting slavery.
@shupe_laura @JohnCornyn already got a message from me about this. Instead of not voting for him, I'll be pushing for someone else
Would rather see the balance budget come from the Rep side, keep trying but work with someone on the Rep side so it has backing.
DTS
The RINOs are cucks. They will cower.
keep fighting senator, we the people stand behind you,and a champion for real Americans !
Keep up the good fight, Senator! We need you!
keep fighting for us please.
oh dear! Keep trying. The people want to see fiscal responsibility.
.@RandPaul Dude, you're not a freedom fighter. You're a tightwad.
Not voting for balancing the budget is severe dereliction of duty. The USA already owes more money than there is physical currency
you go Paul!
know when deficits matter to (R)s? When a (D) president is in office,
Senator you may have been voted in by KY but for many of us in other states you represent us too. Don't give up!!!!
let's be honest, Dr. Paul- the only serious thing there's enough of in the Senate is the odor of bullsh*t.
Republican  Leaders  screw  Americans  on pass 16 years of budgets .Close  USA GOVERNMENT down .
Read Ari Berman. Yes Jeff Sessions is racially insensitive. Do you have any morals at all? Nope, you don't.
. I'm a republican and I like you Rand. I think you have some great ideas.
Fight against those control freaks and honor states rights with Marijuana policy. @jeffsessions will expand the feds drug enforcem
this is why you're so important! #StandWithRand
Major bummer! I support your fight, please keep doing what you are doing.  You are right here, eventually enough will see it.
@SenateGOP @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @HouseGOP 
Rand Paul is the only adult in Washington worrying about fiscal conservatism!
Thank you sir!
@conservatyler Tell us who said no... we can make our voices be heard.
no one is as good as you w the budget 
Remember your Hippocratic oath to help the sick.
sorry but both parties are the same.  All the more true now that there's a pro-subsidy anti-trade national socialist President.
and this is a new thing? Is anyone surprised?
good luck to u. McConnell will blow the budget up #he loves Trump #his wife's boss
There's not much of a serious anything in Washington except when it involves figuring out ways to grow the size & scope of gubment
@DanaBoos3 we need a balance budget Amendment.
Then fight for other American values. If you simply pick and choose you are no better then them!
did they pass it 
we (the people) hope you will and are counting on you!
Why did you delay the repeal of #ACA? 
Come on, man!?
always been a lot of fake conserv "voices"; they don't know what it really means. Really bad in local gov's. Keep  the fight!
The Republican Senators who voted no to balanced budget are a disgrace to the party. Love spending our money.
you will fail ... Just like all U.S. citizens ... Except millionaire+ class. No bravery, all cowards. Fill your bank Randy/Mitch
No shit, welcome to the all too common Republican bait and switch act known as "balancing the budget".
thank you Senator!
^5
What exactly are you trying to do? Why not transition power and resources out of Washington to 50 states? Is that in your plan?
hey when can congress try to vote again on your balenced budget ammendment or new budget all together thisis what we the peps want
call your Representatives and demand they support Rand and #BalanceTheBudget
. @RandPaul @mariannecope "Fiscal Conservatism" is just what the GOP feeds us when they're not in power. Once they are, they can't help it
Support you all the way Dr. Paul! Thank you for making the fight.
I love ya, but work with Donald.
these so called conservatives aren't conservative at all. They just want to spend,at the expense of others. Thieves and Cowards.
you lose again!! Loser!  Habitual!  Step down
Honest question. What made you think the vote would have gone your way?
drain the swamp. Keep at it mr Paul!
Getting rid of MEDICARE MANDATORY ANNUAL WELLNESS VISITS will go a long way to help balance budget. #MAGA #AmericaFirst
so it's our job to replace those individuals keep up the good work
-we still need your voice Senator Paul... The people support your actions 4 balanced budget amendment ..thank you sir
Keep up the fight. You're my favorite person in politics.
By voting no, @senrobportman & @SenSherrodBrown decided to keep pushing the debt snowball down the hill
I thank u for that
Not something this American wanted to hear...
integral to HC reform is litigious immunity to Drs & Hosps who offer HC plans to public directly. OPM can set network w fed emplys
No, it shows that some realize that to pass that bill would be a recipe for disaster.
Dear Senator Paul, please say no to Jeff Sessions.  He is a big government conservative.
I applaud your leadership on this.
Keep fighting the good fight!
they are all now populist nationalists didn't you know.
I'm all for reducing debt, but you guys need to give us more information..provide links that work..don't expect us to followblind!
@LibertyHangout too used to spending other people's money
OMG really that's a travesty what's happened to America GOLLIE must weedout the fake ones Rand must. #StandWithRand
regardless of policy, I admire your integrity.
It shows that most senators,unlike you, actually understand economics. @RandPaul
Because spending money you don't have improves   the economy. What happens when nobody is willing to float debt?
can we get a link to who voted ya or nay?

thank you!
thanks for helping MAGA Senator Paul!
please do
Does your balanced budget proposal include major cuts to Medicaid, Medicare, Social Security?
only way to balance budget for real is raise taxes and cut spending, no spines in Washington to do this anymore so just pork pork
Just remember Senator you lost bad running for President It's your job to let Trump set the agenda not you trying tobe relevant
That's not his job at all, congress is not supposed to be the presidents lapdogs,
Dr.Paul.

A worthy ideal, but prior to transition..it looks like grandstanding,

Fix tax code, curb entitlements,. Then...
Keep up the great work!
at this point, can you just fight for us to stay a democracy?
the word "democracy" is unconstitutional. Try to find that word in our Constitution. You won't. For a reason.
People think we are a Democracy, we are a Republic, due to the Constitution.
you're in the wrong party for conservatism. The GOP is about spending money on suppressing freedom and people they don't like.
nailed it!
revise the tax system. You will have plenty of funds for everything .
really?!?  What the fuck is their problem? Sick of rinos and dems and commie progressives! Back to the gods damn constitution!!!
Pick that hay out from the needle stack!
You are surrounded by spineless cowards / we all know it!
They need to be voted out.
thank you I was so disappointed only 14 people voted for your amendment
It's impossible to balance the budget from the get go stop lying.1st you have to get economy going, fix tax code and healthcare
Where did all that money the 'FED' printed go?
be a  MODERATE PAUL,.... JUST BE A DAM MODERATE, U SEE CONSERVATIVES DON'T WIN, I.E. IT TOOK A FORMER DEM TO WIN FOR THE GOP.
The coming years will require principles further than fiscal ideology, Senator.
Too many millionaires in the senate. Join the Democrates and speak to the people. No austerity though.
U don't understand, times are hard, we need gov. To HELP, not take away rights, health care, jobs. Spend $ on smart help!
sad to hear it. thank you for proposing your amendment!
Government just wants to spend itself into prosperity! That's like standing in a bucket and lifting the handles!!
Who is fighting you? Make it public!!
there's barely any fiscal discipline anywhere in DC. Hard to pay off cronies & buy votes without going over budget.
Thank you
get em Senator!
You’re just figuring this out now?
He's talked about this for a while. I first heard him talk about this kind of stuff during the primaries.
