When was the LAST TIME a DEM was ON BOARD with the REPUB agenda? Ya... NEVER. Democrats are engaged in a COUP to DESTROY OUR PRESIDENT.
You're an idiot
Keep your trash talk to yourself, snowflake.
"snowflake". Your name is "Wyatt Earp" so you seem to be a general disturber of the peace.
I'll tell you what, there's no IRONY lost on you is there, prog? Now go bug someone else and leave me alone, or on block you'll go.
I'm not a prog, I'm a lib. I have no problems cursing or insulting. 'Political Correctness" is infringement on FOS, unless it's hate speech.
I have a idea. Let's build a prison along the boarder. Kill 2 birds with one stone.
 The fact your willing to work hard and across the aisle too! Go get it done my man! Oh yeah!
There sure r alot of crooks & criminals in public office. Hillary #1. I have not seen the likes of public officials looking the other way.
Does it let criminals off and puttberest of us in harm's way.
Yet again - you are on the right track.  There maybe hope for you yet :)
~@RandPaul justice reform would have had a MUCH GREATER chance had you not abandoned your values and helped confirm Sessions as AG.
Thank God!
when will Congress call for special prosecutor to investigate McCain's collusion with Obama WH to establish/arm ISIS?
After the last few days, they should all be treated like any murder suspect. Are they so powerful we can't?
#you talk about justice reform¿??
#what a joke..take care of hillary 1st ...
That's completely irrelevant.
#I'd Argue It's Completely Relevant.

##JG##2017
This is helpful but what about introducing & passing legislation similar to HR64.I have some suggestions. Feel free to message me #CJReform
We gave you the presidency, the Senate and the House. You need to unify as a party and stand and support our president against the Swamp.
With all due respect, this is NOT the time for more battles within the party. The problem with Repubs is you cannot unite on anything.
Thanx, Senator!  From Middlesboro, KY.  I can sometimes be a critic from within your own party but this reform I support 100%!  Collegial :)
try adding legislation to increase sentences for white collar crooks naked shorting & trying to BK small biotechs. $NWBO
The best way to fix the problem would be to make prisons non-profit again. For-profit prisons are the problem.
Hey you gonna fix #Trumpgate ?
Please continue with this Bipartisan Fashion. Stand Up for this Country's Democracy. President's come and go, including this one.
You can just say it Senator. There is not need to reference a link to your website. Egos are for incompetent politicians. You are better...
Thank you senator
Bipartisan?  Hilarious!  Not with schumer speaking for the dems.
Good job!
Me and mine do not commit crimes so why worry about locking people up.
Why not do the important things like make e verify mandatory
Support trump
Are you kidding me?  You are enabling the most corrupt Admin in history. Complict
Now the American public knows who one of the 100 republican legislators that doesn't support our president. Vote Rand out in 2018!
Yeah, I don't support our president either. I don't want him to fail but I'd rather he just leave so we can get someone who believes science
Push a button on any pol. In Washington and you get this bipartisan nonsense..
Finally some common sense @RickCollinsEsq
#StandWithRand
bipartisan my butt.  Only Republicans are that stupid.
will it put a stop to Sessions ramped up lost War on Drugs?
Now let's stop spending. Get a slimmed down budget
Oh like someone serving 20 yrs. For non violent drug crimes. Hell rapists/murders don't even get that.
#nonpartisan please
Has Trump approved this bipartisan fashion? Doubt he knows what it means or can spell it so just tell him whatever & he'll sign it.
Please use your voice in supporting @POTUS! Stop the witch hunt... They now are after Pence. Rep need to use their voices now!
Are you proud of your president?
Here's an idea, introduce legislation that actually abolishes mandatory minimums instead of relying on the good will of judges.
Hi,  this is an accused liberal snowflake, writing to say I support bipartisan legislation like this, that's good for US.  Thanks.
Stay by President Trump
Tell @realDonaldTrump @POTUS to start tweeting things like this. Stick to positive accomplishments &avoid tweeting controversy!Improve image
I am ANGRY! I have never witnessed so many Republicans bow down to every tear dems shed. We fought for you! Where is fight for our POTUS?
That's not reform. It's like curving grades, and handing out participation trophies. There will be consequences in 2018.
How about working on Obamacare repeal/replace and tax reform.   Those ARE the two big issues.  (Contrary to the mass media's belief)
Why do u all keep using the word bipartisan?? U all in Washington can't get shit done!!
Would be nice to see some productive work instead of political back biting. Sometimes we voters feel forgotten with all the  party fighting
Bipartisanship is dead sadly! Everyone knows this @RandPaul  Please  concentrate on the job! What needs to get done 4 True  American People
COOL, IT'S BAND AID ON A SERIOUS ISSUE, I GET WHAT SESSIONS TRYING TO DO, BUT THESE LONG PRISON SENTENCES CHANGING THE DYNAMIC OF THE NATION
@SenSherrodBrown 
@senrobportman 
@JohnKasich 
@OhioAG 
Give the support of state of Ohio
To Safety value act 
Time also legalize marijuana
You are either with us in this fight to #saveamerica by #DrainingtheSwamp or you're not. @RandPaul please pull yourself out of the swamp!
Thank you for this @RandPaul
Mandatory minimum sentences create more problems than they solve. Why do we still enact laws that feed the private prison industry?
I have seen MORE than enough of your one sided, self serving reforms. You are no better than (B)itch McConnell or Puppet @SpeakerRyan!
Remember IRS TARGETING Conservatives? No one went to jail. Fast & furious Eric Holder running guns. No one investigated BS 1776! 1776! 1776!
NO more private prisons! It only creates more customers yet less FOIA transparency on condition of inmates & medical records.
i'm embarrassed u think drug dealing is a health issue and that you don't think people of color want drug dealers locked up.
If it makes sense it'll never be supported.
You are all barking up the wrong tree! Obama had the intelligence agencies to open the back door so, Holder ,Rice and Putin to dig up dirt..
...dig up dirt on Trump! While the back door was open Julian Assian step in and pulled Emails of Hillary's up (Assian said to Hannity it ...
..it was too easy) so, now you have Eric Holder show up on camera talking too Hillary about the found Emails (Fox has him on Camera) ...
The report says oh look Eric Holders here! Holder sees the camera and runs across the street quickly and disappears! Then Weiner's wife...
...wife is called to the White House and she is asked to coverup for the door being left open by saying that she found it on her computer..
...really how stupid does Obama think we are how would it get on Weiner's computer when they don't communicate threw emails! So, Trump ....
So, Trump wins who makes an unannounced trip too Russia Obama! Doesn't take the media, Russia has media has him on camera whispering to...
....to Putin then if you watch this video you can see Putin shaking his head back and forth getting frustrated! Obama wanted him to take...
Bipartisan that's a bunch of BS the DEMS are lucky they are not investigated for their illegal activities How about you stand up for POTUS
@GOP focus on passing @POTUS agenda 4 the American ppl. Voters stand w/Pres.Trump &will vote out Dems or any Repub.who stands N the way.#DTS
It's a good start on criminal justice reform senator!
No I hope it fails. If you want to make changes to certain laws then YOU have to change the law NOT circumvent what the law is!
#take care of hillary & the clinton crime foundation ...drugs..sex trafficking....weapons...uranium 1....money laundering. ..obstruction.
I am afraid the American public isn't happy about you desire to imprison more of us in your for profit prisons!  You should be ashamed!
