Nope Rand. You are becoming more irrelevant daily. Go home and color
Rand I'm on your team and always include you as my top pick for president. We need you to push the tax reform and full Obamacare repeal.
"declaring war" &"use of military force" arent the same thing. If rand Paul is doing this to tie trump's hands in ref to NK then it's wrong.
Really doubt that. I think it's more about the troops in Afghanistan.
I hope so!
Troops will not matter in the divided Korea. If you commit slaughter while at war (inevitable) then you jeapordize your holdings like S.K.
Look at Iraq. I think that explains the concept well enough. The solution against a nuclear DPRK/NK has to be diplomatic for preservation.
congress can't even repeal obamacare- u guys r useless- the only productive 1 is Trump- leave his power alone- he's doing fine
I agree with you 99% of the time but we must win this before we leave. Not another Vietnam. 50,000 boys die and accomplish nothing. No more
You're just there for the opium. You're winning $$$$
I support your repeal but please wake up! The REAL 9/11 perps have NOT been tried and convicted; they R still busy terrorizing the world.

Not going to happen Rand, not going to happen.
Time you get repealed.
I hope all senators sent them children's first & Rand Paul tooo
yes tie the hands of the United States, wait for an attack and then hold an emergency meeting to allow war while 1/2 US destroyed.
I'm not on the right but can't fault this statement, nice to hear a bit of sanity at last.

Rand has always been a traitor
Figure out how to repeal ACA first.
BIAFRA LEADER NNAMDI KANU HOME IS UNDER SIEGE BY NIGERIA ISLAMIC SECURITY FORCE @RAND PAUL
Perhaps there still is a need for the authorization / perhaps not. But after 16 years of #EndlessWar it is time to at least have the debate.
We've debates this multiple times in 2014, '15. Regardless, the AUMFs are, in effect, 're-authorized' every time Congress continues funding.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @RonPaul @SenRichardBlack @TulsiGabbard @TGowdySC @T_S_P_O_O_K_Y @Telford_Russian @BreitbartNews
@zerohedge @FBI
Get the US out of unending wars! Military industrial complex is out of control! Need a real investigation into 9/11 Gov played a bigger role
Because our masters demand another war?
I think you're the only non warmonger Paul. Good luck.
Correct as usual. However, we may be loathe to return powers to Congress that they were too weak to protect in first place. See Iran Deal.
I don't agree with him on much but in this I am totally behind him!
Rand is right. If you want Peace, war must be a LAST resort. Not just another military option.
No more endless war with a method of fighting? Sacrilege
As a observer of real time reality.. I believe @RandPaul is logical & comprehends bigger picture society is blind 2 & decides 2 ignore
Rand Paul can make sense sometimes then, he does things like, calling healthcare for all "Slavery."
Any MSM outlet covering this?
As usual you are correct. Need to dump these so called conservatives & war mongers. #americafirst
After what we have witnessed from Congress and the Senate this year I would rather leave the decision to go to war up to the office girls
You and your cronies need to act like a Republican and support POTUS's agenda 100% and stop trying to go your own way. We're tired of this 
Trump has no agenda. He'll do whatever his generals tell him to do in Afghanistan, without cause or concern for the ongoing consequences.
If we could actually trust congress to make a proper & timely decision on anything, I would be more inclined to agree
Go away.
What happened to Obamacare
9/11 you must have forgotten
Ya , good luck with that
Let us see what President Trump can do and it might end anyway after victory
Hey Ryan, "GO TO YOUR SAFE SPACE, IT'S ABOUT TO GET UGLY!"  What do you want, more fake sanctions, talks, while they fire misses at us? 
I stand with Wikileaks and Julian Assange ALWAYS
How can I get this to happen?
In short, it will continuously be used for the sake of war profiteers until it is declared void.
We the citizens realize what U R saying,but U make a different agenda 4 Urself, than we want 4 R Nation. GOP needs 2 come together as one .
Sigh..you again
*Declare War*
Oh no! we can't do that! it would bind us!
Its 2017 your style of wishy-washy has filled mass graves worldwide

Fight 702 too!
Yes!
I agree
How about enacting the GRID & SHIELD Acts?  We're like a giant balloon waiting to be popped by NK or Iran.
Anything we can do to stop McMaster's #PoppyWar for control of world's heroin production is good @RandPaul
#DC @Rare – at The White House
Why we must repeal the 16-year-old Authorization for the Use of Military Force http://bit.ly/2wUCWsr 
If Rand is for it,  it must be bad for this country and the American people.  He is a coward and supports the traitor trump.
Thank you! Repeal the Smith-Mundt Modernization Act of 2012 too please. We need Glass-Stegall if you can fit it in.
Would it be another rising issue like Isis after most left Iraq
Release the intel that makes our generals & ypur coworkers decide otherwise then let us decide what we do. Whats,the outcome if we do leave
No
Poppies?
Not correct.  But can we redirect our resources to defeat the enemy next to us.  The leftist who smiles at us yet calls us a racist?  Nope.
Great day to bring it up Rand
Not exactly the best day to announce this. Sometimes I just wonder about some of the stuff you say.
What better day?
Don't agree with you on many things, but on this topic, I agree with you 100%.
Like you Repealed Obamacare??
Worst take of the day.
Yep.  Dropped like a rock.  I am still pissed because he split the vote on Obamacare.
#StandWithRand
Your idea is crazy. Take two aspirin and get some bed rest.
While you're at it- get rid of the
 Patriot Act....
Yes, we must follow the Constitution, only Congress can declare war. Otherwise we must amend the Constitution. I support your repeal here.
They haven't gone through congress since Truman bypassed congress to go to war in Korea. But they can send troops and have 90 days to get
Senator, once again , be American first, then politician. You are looking to get your agenda.
I don't think we should repeal it
Thanks for sticking to your principles. There's an epidemic of selloutism sweeping libertarianism. Get loud man I can barely hear you!!
A camel is a horse created by a group
That and the war powers act.  Congress is the only branch of government that should able to initiate hostilities.
We must repeal you ! You have done nothing but stand in the way of the MAGA agenda at every turn !
Rand Paul has spearheaded #maga. You're an idiot who doesn't know what he's done. Clean repeal, Skinny repeal, and FREE MARKET > RAND PAUL.
Nothing is forever:  Time to get it repealed >>> get to work.
Both the NDAA & the Patriot Act must go
Congress loves to have a lot of power, so I cannot see many members voting against it unless they love perpetual war.
#BlandRandPaul #donothingcongress #DrainTheSwamp #MAGA #BuildersGuild
Be nice to include amendment making the torch carrying Charlottesville protesters / White Supremists  the first in battle ......
You are the most ineffective politician who talks the most

True colours showing now.....
Senator, your wrong.  We are still at war is extreme islam and an attack on us mrans there is a need to allow a pres to respond quickly
The constitution is not wrong. Try again bud.
Have you had opportunity to talk to our @POTUS  @realDonaldTrump  and our Generals about this? What do they think is the right path now?
Let me remind you only got 65k votes in primaries ! We must end it, what you suggest is surrender, & will just bring conflict ashore !

were with you Rand, go get them!
Hope you can get the debate started Senator. The Middle East quagmire needs to end,  asap
How about doing something, anything
Why don't you work with Senator Tim Kaine, he has been working on this for years.
Why now??? No talk of this during Obama 8 year admin!!!!! Why now, cud it be ur an obstructionist???
Absolutely agree!
We haven't defeated the enemy yet. Military is our hope to do this. The 3000+ dead is the reason. 
Why we must end DACA.  These people were not vetted correctly.  They lied and used fraudulent docs.
We need more People like Rand to dismantle the M.I.C.omplex who make money off of death and destruction.
Just don't let them in our country. Make them stay there.
Dammit Rand, why are you so awesome?
what you are proposing, at this juncture, is an unavoidable time bomb. It will blow up
some of these wars are decades old. why tie POTUS hands now? Especially when we SEE he is making decisive actions for responsible withdrawl
...bull crap! Years of ignorance got us to this point. Politician can't agree on what day it is & yet they want right to debate force? NOT!
UmakeItSoundGood but a speedy withdrawl from these countries will unleash a massive amount of L on the populations there. How do U address
Are you hearing @RealAlexJones today?  Would he say @POTUS is being drugged if he didn't have real sources? We need a SENATOR to speak up!
Fix my health care
I agree it's time for a major re-evaluation of our military. We need a new approach to how we react.
So you'd rather have the Police be sitting ducks whenever some lunatic wants to take a shot at them? Go to more important issues, Rand.
There is no more important issue for the Federal government. How do you not understand that?
I'd second that motion.
As slow as our Congress works I certainly don't trust them near as much as our military leaders  to keep us safe.
Baka
Ginger
There are lots of Americans who aren't sure whose side you're on. We don't trust you.
all 96 of your followers? Sheesh!
Yes...lets have the debate!!!
Debateable
This is exactly the same as DACA repeal for those of you who simply don't get it.
You are as tacky as they come, @RandPaul.
So true
Yea. Agreed.  Send the rioters instead.  They need jobs.
Thank you, Senator, for being the voice of reason in the cesspool of the GOP.
Some people they never get it &stay Blindfold as the Liberty of thier Nation is stolen by inventor of Hatred&Bigotry using Nations pay check
End the interventions!
Amen
Thank you Senator Paul for being a voice of reason in the fetid, unconstitutional mess that is Washington DC.
Psalm 103:13
As a #father pities his #children, So the #Lord pities those who #fear Him.
Psalm 37:39
But the #salvation of the #righteous is from the #Lord; He is their #strength in the #time of #trouble.
