...please explain your comment...what does 'throws like a girl' mean?
...not an explanation...still waiting.
He can't! Typical no argument! 
Hahaha that's all you got? Gifs? 
Please stay safe! The Left has gone bananas!!!
said by the Trumnp cultist who wants us all to "love" her cult leader
Take a closer look  see who the real haters are. #Wakeup
You said 2nd amend was to keep citizens armed so they could shoot govt officials they don't like. care to rescind?
How about you donate instead of turning this into a negative, while a senator hangs on to his life practicing for this?
Stop insulting and try being a human for a moment! Donate in the name of the man hanging on to his life for this cause!
...your cleats look very comfortable.
we call it rounders in the UK..
Terry McAuliffe still remembered 93 million people lost jobs (not lives) under Obama.
I understand the absolute rage at the GOP but not the violence. You are stealing my family's health care, social security. Give to wealthy
Go back to office and go to work 
Nothing could be less fair and balanced than that broadcaster.
Awe @brianstelter liked this tweet... big softy...
Prayers for everyone
@FoxNews changed their tag line #notfairorbalanced
How about you donate instead of turning this into a negative, while a senator hangs on to his life practicing for this?
I'm trolling @FoxNews,
@RandPaul is a decent statesman (usually sticks to his libertarian pov), but he is drinking the Trump cool-aide
I hope you all enjoy the game and meditate on what it is you're doing in DC. On who you're there to serve, & what makes this country great.
I hope they do too! Praying this tragedy will be a wake up call 2 them wonderful if something good come out of this. Country before party
Senator Fox dropped the fair and balanced logo as they aren't
How about you donate instead of turning this into a negative, while a senator hangs on to his life practicing for this?
I am supporting Senator Paul for wanting to pass a REAL repeal of obamacare!
They tried to kill you. He had a list. He had MSM indoctrination support. This is how you respond to the opposing political party. Pathetic
just curious about what you meant by this
Hope you're all carrying! Lots of alt-left nuts out there!!!
You realize FN dropped the 'fair and balanced" charade tagline right. It's all "for entertainment purposes only", all the time.
How about you donate instead of turning this into a negative, while a senator hangs on to his life practicing for this?
WKU woooohooo!!!! Go big red
True Patriots
I see you have a WKU shirt on.... nice, but a better choice would have been the team from KY going to CWS #L1C4
Well, he was elected in BGKY & lives in BGKY... don't think people around here would appreciate it if he wore a UL shirt.
Lol, I know, that's why I put the smiley face...was being silly  WKU is my 2nd favorite team!
May the best team win, and then work as a team in congress for all of us
Would that be nice!
Should be in the senate doing your job before the recess not playing games !!!
Christ died for our sins repent and be born again escape hell fires
Awesome
So your making commercials for Fox now?
@harleygrl3465 @seanhannity God bless you and keep you in safety and love. So glad you are OK and persevere.
Sean: Rand get ready for the hot heat!

Rand: Ok!

Sean: Prepare!

Rand: yup

Sean: They called me the cannon in school!

Rand: FFS

Sean:
That LSU hat looks good on you Senator!! #GeauxTigers
This unity crap is just crap. The war is hot now.
Nice. A chance to bring people together and you drag that reptile onto the field? Was Alex Jones busy?
Even @RandPaul gets the joke!
Love you both! Bless you patriots!
Fox had to drop @seanhannity or the 'Fair and Balanced' slogan. Unfortunately they made the wrong choice.
Dammit, Rand. Why are you lowering yourself to consort with the likes of that asshat?

If you have any idea how much we give a fuck, you would have seriously thought 2Xs about that Tweet. Play fucken ball, MFers!
You tossed fair and balanced out the window the moment you said @seanhannity. The company you keep matters.
Psst; tell Hannity that the umpires are part of the deep state!
I just threw up in my mouth. #Blech
Sean Hannity is a member of Congress?
You could probably beat the Russians in baseball.
#crookedanddishonest @seanhannity
Watching...praying for healing for all ! God bless this nation !
WKU known for journalism. Hannity, not so much.
So happy you survived, Senator! God bless.
Oh pleassse!
Really you comport with that loser?
nothing fair or balanced about Hannity. Gross
I pictured you as a left handed outfielder base stealer type.
There is nothing "fair and balanced" for you hangin with Hannity.  You have got to be kidding.
Why would you tarnish yourself with that
Nice follow through Randy. Sean doesn't look like he could catch a cold. 
Please Senator. VOTE NO ON RUMPCARE. Millions of lives depend on it. Please, think of the people that will be hurt. People before party, sir
Sad to get anybody's sloppy-seconds slogan, pathetic if it comes from Fox News.
You let him get that close to You? Yuck man, you're gonna need a chemical bath to wash away all that slime.
Don't sling a shoulder before the game Sean
Good luck Senator
Very cool.
You gotta be kidding? Are you seriously listening to yourself or do you have Trump-brain
Hey Rand, Do the Democrats throw like girls?
In bed with Trumps biggest fan,
Hannity. Real smart move there Rand!
Nice! Don't turn healthcare into wealthcare.
I like the idea of the game but in case u missed it Hannity isn't a journalist and Fox News dropped the fair and balanced since it was a lie
Praying Congressman Scalise and other victims make of full and speedy recovery, and grateful you escaped injury. Thank you GOD. Amen 
Go Big Red!!  #WKU
GO GOP!!!!!!
Who will be the first batter to be knocked down?
You can't tell by this picture that we're at war and our federal bureaucrats are in disarray. Play ball. US taxpayers will have to wait...
Good luck today!
This is great!
This constituent is soooo glad you are ok.  Wish you weren't with Hannity or Breitbart...ever.
Hope you guys have a fun and safe game tonight. And hope lots of money is raised for these great causes.
That's good, Senator, but FOX has stopped using the "fair & balanced" motto now; makes you wonder; except for Sean it's a suspicious bunch
Puhleeze. You just tainted the whole game with the most hateful evil person- moreso than Alex jones. Hope for you is gone.#devil #hell
Yet, your own part and Dems can't pass agree on anything. Obstructionist
The great senator Rand Paul
They got rid of that slogan. Also letting @seanhannity onto the field taints it. #ForeverUnclean
Awesome
You both don't strike me as people that can catch.
Which team is considered the "home team"?
Neither one of you have any idea what "fair and balanced" actually means.
Could you stop the madness and the conflict of interest support our chosen President. Time to end the games
I hope you play well !! Get a hit and score a run ! 
we need patriots like you sir fight back against these leftist traders the Obama and Clinton crime families must pay
That's not their saying anymore.
Hannity hahahaha what a joke. Two conspiracy nuts
Enjoy the game! Good luck!
Sean play's!!!!!!
There is some sanity left. Thank God. But looks like the left is just getting started with their hate mission.
Love the hat. Geaux Tigers
Since the Republican’s have control of the WH and both houses of Congress, do they have to spot the Democrats some runs?
It seems highly unlikely that .@seanhannity is capable of being fair or balanced on anything.
Please ask @seanhannity to be more respectful when he disagrees with other Americans.  He always seems so angry
Throwing to #Hannity?
Time for a little chin music!

#KeepingItBrockmire
I love you so much Rand, I'm so glad you weren't hurt the other day. Praying for everyone that was tho. Keep fighting the good fight.
(Nationals Park)
One would think after the shooting that the mentally ill would be prevented from being anywhere near the field' oh well....
Delete your account...
How about you donate instead of turning this into a negative, while a senator hangs on to his life practicing for this?
You go Sen. Paul. Gets shot at at practice then goes back to practice the next day.
Good one!
Beautiful day. #CongressionalBaseball . Go, go
Please stand by Trump 63000 Voted 4 U guys and him....This is a set up trying to pull him down! Stand by him% please..We need you & others
Please Sen Paul...answer me this.  Y don't the Repubs fight back against the Dems nonsense & begin charges against the real crooks like HRC
Yo TRUMPBOT... the button to reset is located in-between your glutemus maximus.
Be safe Senator...And WIN THIS GAME!
Good luck to both teams. I hope they're safe. #PrayForScalise and all injured.
Love it, good luck guys!
Omg 
PLAY Ball, Senator and good luck
God bless our lawmakers. God bless @HouseGOP @SenateGOP . God bless the United States. And may God watch over @RandPaul & @realDonaldTrump
Yea balanced is a serious stretch...he is all conservative
Disgusting!
Good Luck Rand , BEAT THE DEMS.  GO REPUBS
Have fun!
Hey troll, How about you donate instead of turning this into a negative, while a senator hangs on to his life practicing for this?
so he's throwing balls instead of bullshit?
Best wishes, Senator!
Hannity is far from balanced but  good you guys got some exercise.
Right before or after he said some things to "dial down" the hate rhetoric?
Have fun tonight! 
You're as bad at jokes as you are at governing!
How about you donate instead of turning this into a negative, while a senator hangs on to his life practicing for this?
shame how does Sean Hannity provide fair and balanced when he makes up story about aids death hurts the family oer and over bad optics
How about you donate instead of turning this into a negative, while a senator hangs on to his life practicing for this?
THE GOOD LORD IS WITH YOU GUYS SENATOR RAND PAUL! YESTERDAY WAS NOTHING SHORT OF A MIRACLE! GOD BLESS YOU ALL! O:)
They stopped using that misleading slogan
Hit a dinger for Scalise
You mean #SnowflakeSean
#StandWithRand. #CongressionalBaseball.  Good Luck!! Good Luck Republicans!! Go gettem Rand ...

Keep head down and swing through the Ball 
God bless both of you.

LOL! I liked that!
Stay safe out there boys.
God bless you Rand! Americans are happy you are okay
I thought they dropped that slogan...
now Win the Game!
