Makes for a nice birthday gift. :-)
you are truly the last Jedi of the Senate...
"No, there are others" - Master Yoda
the boys loved it!
That movie was so good, it makes, "A New Hope" an even better movie!  Date night?  Didn't bring the kids?  :~)
I saw it on IMAX too. Phenomenal! I would see it again.
While you're out there having fun you're scaring the shit out of us who have Obamacare with your replace same day talk. Explain!
Did you notice it was about "the people" resisting a tyrannical government that took its place via an illegal coup?
maybe you should be trying to make ACA better for all Americans 
I bet you fantasizes about being important the whole goddam movie.
@alllibertynews @RandPaul me don't write English too good bet you fantasizes about grammar good
now watch this. Naming NAMES
https://www.youtube.com/shared?ci=1yz5mtHwUIU …
SEE PART 2 & 3 released moments ago
senator Paul, you MUST prevent this administration from entering senior admin w/out proper vetting. You are our only brakes.
my family of 3 generations are in kentucky. 12 kids, 27 grandkids, huge ggkids  #saveaca please do NOT do this. Your vote at risk
Thank U for sharing this, may sound silly but its nice to see a human side of a Senator.  Plz let GEO finish before confirmations
@K_Rog1121
Rand's just trying to be cool, he saw Rogue One last month like the rest of us
Great to hear. But on the subject of far away galaxy's, what galaxy is Congress living in regarding vetting of incoming cabinet?
Blow up the death star(big government) for us, Mr Paul.... you are our only hope.
you should of saw hacksaw ridge, way better.
Strengthened was your inspiration to fight Fascism, I trust.
And was it ironic to you that you're far more famous?  (Rogue is a famous person, right?)
newt did it better
"Newt wore it better," said no one, ever.
My favorite character was the senator who Darth Vader called ugly and then made grovel in front of him before supporting him
I thought you were against liberal propaganda LOL
Where does it rank?
but it stars a Muslim of pakistani origin will the indian lobby approve lol $$$
Hope u had a blast u deserve a break from the daily grind on your birthday Rogue 1 oh that's fits Rand he won't settle for lies.
Not one of voters-saw it also in Seattle area-worth seeing great flick!!!!
Glad you are relaxing a bit! Keep pounding away at balancing Federal Budget!
I watched it in 4D... The injuries I've sustained are let's say persistent... Might as well have traveled to a war zone
my pal @VicBergerIV had a great time too!
Get up, stand up, stand up for your rights.
going tomorrow!
shouldnt you be working?
Did you like it?
lovely pic senator. Hope you had a great time
how great.... you both are lookin' cool there!!!
Do secret service go too or do you guys go "rogue"?
To quote your dad, "Audit the Fed!"  Was it a good movie?
Good one indeed.  Saw my first IMAX film there (a documentary) as a teen visitor in '84.  Glad to see it's still in operation.
my little message may get lost in the muck but super cute pic! Admire you sir!
dr paul, you and your wife make the most amazing family. wish me find a good wife. thx
@ProBrodie
stop lol
I enjoyed it a lot as well though only saw regular version!  lol
You two are cute together!
Sounds great Rand, hope your enjoying your birthday
good movie.
I saw it too...Hooksett NH!
How's it feel working with The Empire.
Y'all look totally rad.
I'd prob pass out if I went to a movie and saw Rand Paul sitting there watching it too
awesome ! Just saw it with the kids in 3D - blew their little minds!
Arrival was better.
And???? Your Thoughts?????
rebellions are built on hope
LOOKS LIKE A SELFIE LOLOLOL
women love selfies.
Rand Paul 2016. It's never too late.
Good Movie!
but the terrorist attack is successful, the security forces response is excessive. Politics in Star Wars is difficult.
you are one of the only sane republicans. please save us from destructive obama care repeal!

did you and wife hit da pipe before?
So good!
so much for being in your home state with the people who elected you. Thought you were better...
I saw it @ the theater the day Carrie Fisher died... The very last scene gave me goosebumps!
I hope you enjoyed your birthday, Rand. I only wished you were my senator!
splurging for 3D tickets eh? Seems pretty elitist.
Please post more things like this!  Funny!
empire lost the popular vote
Happy Birthday! 
Happy Birthday Rand!
- Will you be joining #TheResistance then?
my condolences
what is your review??!!
I thought it was terrible. Felt like a Disney action movie rather than a Star Wars movie. Still a small government story though.
#pulltogetherproject
@jakegrace25

can I come next time 
HOPE U LIKED IT
happy birthday
It's so good!
@RaulieGonzo i wonder what side he rooted for
Happy Birthday Rand!
Why wasn't I invited?!? Bahahaha hope you had fun! Busy year ahead Senator!
I almost cried at the end lol
took you long enough.
The freedom fighter story that keeps on giving.
happy birthday my man of America
