Neither, as none of them employ rationing like socialist models.
That's completely unheard of in the U.S., wait times r not even measured here due 2 plethora of choices.
There's more 2 the United States than the wildly progressive city of NY. Pretty hard to compare them 2 the rest.
Do you honestly think expanding coverage moves us closer and not further away from solving cost of medical services?
Which amendment does that fall under?
Ok,  Medicare can go too. Healthcare is a positive right, meaning you step on what our rights were intended to be- negative rights
We r supposed 2 b a nation of capitalism, we should double down on socialism if 50 years of Medicare, Medicaid only made it worse.
should not*
Rand Paul, giving Libertarians a bad name all over. You're a disgrace to put party ahead of country. #russiagate
Yea, #RussiaGate because prodding at unfounded conspiracy theories should be  their top priority.
There's proof of contact btw Trump workers and Russian officials during election, that's not enough?
U need proof of criminal activity. U expect them 2 stop legislative action over a phone call? It's not their job
I'm not the one making up conspiracy theories.
Didn't the IA's state Putin directed Russian agencies to affect election towards RNC?
Why are you asking me? If this were as obvious as you claim it to be then it would be a no brainer.
@gop  your new plan doesn't cover people who need health care the most. Shameful #sellouts #notmyrepublicanparty @SenateDems
How so? It makes insurance pools incredibly easy to organize, meaning those with preexisting conditions can pool.
ever been at lower end of income? btwn jobs? wrkg multi jobs & struggle to make end? Plan hurts these segment
Yes. You're not the only one who's fallen upon hard times.
@2016DTS @mycn2 Senator please explain the new AMERICAN CARE and please explain so the average person can understand!!!
you libtard republicans need to get on board with Rand Paul. Stop listening to your lobbyists. Do the right thing! 
you're a wuss.
Says the egg with 15 followers.
How about meeting with your constituents to find out what we think about it?
The left is organizing chaos. This will not fair well for them come midterms.
Organizing chaos is pretty impressive. #Indivisible
At least ur good at organizing something, even malicious strategies, because u failed organizing Nov 8th.
#leaveourhealthcarealone Kentuckians deserves better. #shameonyou
You don't know what you're talking about.
Rand should repeal his own damn insurance first.
Don't think you see the problem with this logic. He yes his insurance through his employer, same as most Americans, demanding
he get rid of it would imply he should pay with his own income, which also comes from taxpayers. This is not the case of
the average citizen who gets their income from the free market rather than the taxpayers. So either he pays for healthcare with
taxpayer money, or he doesn't get healthcare at all. This is not the case for working class Americans.
Sen Paul knows real answer is to break medical monopolies but he won't cuz he is in their back pocket like the rest of Washington
Which would be somewhat believable if you appeared to be a competent individual citing anything close to proof.
Have you not seen a hospital bill? Different pricing for different people. Try and get a quote for a procedure Wake up
Yes, how dare they stand up to an overzealous government.
lol
Health Savings Accounts only work when you have $$ to save... Quit trying to screw the poor!!!
What? You really think saving $800 a month by not buying insurance with high premiums wouldn't be less burdensome?
and I'm not going to bitch about it!!!
You think it's compassionate to give politicians power. I think it's compassionate to bring affordable service thru free markets.
The notion that free markets are the answer to anything is laughable. That's like hiring WallStreet executives to police WallSt
@GOP Replacement as proposed will hurt millions. Watch moderate republicans shift party over this one. #resist
they have already said they cannot guarantee everyone will be insured. Hrc and djt both admitted it had to be fixed
Which is why they will be funding high risk pools, please actually look at the plan
you are speculating based on promises that have not come to fruition from an admin. that is known for lying.
There's no "speculating" when that's the actual plan and is in every bill put forth so far
there is no concrete plan as of yet. And yes until there is you are speculating based on as you said their plans
There are multiple plans on the table, just like there was with ACA, poor argument
as a military wife mother and daughter I wish for you to support the president for money military will be watching the USA
That is a lie @RandPaul because the GOP will agree to repeal but never to replace. Look at the mess that Idaho GOP made.
@thepoliticalcat
@realDonaldTrump There R many ppl who want govt OUT of hlthcare. There must B options 4 our self-mgmt in repeal/replace process
@realDonaldTrump ALL Fed employees/Senators must have exact same hlth insur as We the People who pay Ur salaries! No exceptions!
REPEAL do not replace not the LAW or in CONSTITUTION @POTUS @Judgenap @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr
it is the only way. If there is a problem with Obamacare if you just fix it down the line it would become GOP problem
Not enough votes? Amirite
Wouldn't it be awesome if all Federal employees had the same healthcare they make Americans get.
ALL Fed govt 2have same hlthcare as citizens-includes Congress/Senate! Govt NOT above People who pay Ur salaries!
@realDonaldTrump Repeal, yes, but why does the government believe it has to follow the Dems, and stay in the insurance business?
#DontRepealandReplace #Obamacare
As long as it is repealed, I don't care if it's replaced.  Replacing will continue to cost ME money.  Sick of it!
Get it ready.  Then do it real quick.  And then quickly move on to other issues.
@SpeakerRyan @POTUS @SenateMajLdr When will Congress move forward with Rand Pauls healthcare plan. It makes sense.Get going
@McConnellPress I certainly hope you have a definite plan for something better or you will all lose your jobs. #termlimits
He was in favor of term limits.
Even with Hollywood experts, that won't be easy to build a movie scenario
PROTIP: a napkin with the words "suck it, America" in crayon doesn't count as replacement.
@SteveKBannon @realDonaldTrump we have sold thousands #Obamacare policies nationwide repeal & marketplace will replace it w/better
Until heathcare is treated as a right, the GOP will be political losers in all their solutions. OBAMACARE will sink you!
You literally just lost an election with healthcare being one of the hot topics.
Ask Bernie Sanders or Germany how to fix Obamacare. I think any GOP SOLUTION WILL BE A 2018 DISASTER. Trump voter.
You'll never understand y focusing on short-term benefits of policies is a terrible idea. Sustainability is key
You guys have caught the bus and don't know what to do with it. Don't let lobbyist dictate your actions. CONTROL COSTS!
Tweak the ACA.  Fix whst does not work. Don't try to reinvent the wheel.  What a waste of time, money, and energy.
Except at the center of your wheel is socialist philosophies which need to be thrown out.
Shred Obozocare there is nothing good about this unconstitutional law, don't care what Roberts says its a penalty can't afford it
DO YOUR JOB!! Listen to the people!!! Do not repeal Obamacare fix it!!!
I will say it over and over:Give up your health insurance until everyone covered by ACA has comparable coverage!
good luck with that?
Desperate to keep America on track, yes.
how much did the pharmaceutical companies pay you???
Does detailed actual bill to replace the ACA exist? If so where? I found a 4 page summary on your website but I like details.
REPUBLIC CARE-LESS PLAN. is on the way 7 years in BS land
Thank you for your efforts, This is breaking the citizens that are paying for this, it should have never been adopted.
GOP did not care about health care until Obama passed ACA then it was tool to get reelected. ACA needs fixing!!
Okay. You realize he wasn't in office pre-Obama, correct?
^5 why not...put the plan out there...and then put on presidents desk..
#sellout
thank you Rand,@TomPriceMD
#FullRepeal FullReplace don't settle .. #StandWithRand
not that I live in KY, I do agree with him. MAKES GOOD SENSE!
If Iwere them I would listen to Rand he is looking out for us all including Kentucky he only wants what works 4 US#SWR
That's one reason I like him. He wants best for everyone in this USA not just for KY alone.
The man's a genius n the best ever no one will ever compare to Rand non .I supportem from day 1 n always will APatriot
Yes, I have told him he had my support always
I remember you n Thank you for stand-in with your Americans thank you for all you've done for America thxu God bless.
get insurance in two years or don't cry about pre  existent conditions.  Best idea out there.
You know nothing about his replacement.
Thank you Sen Paul for trying to stop the implosion of ACA.  But save your energy.  Liberals need to learn the hard way.
should be done this way. Hopefully DJT knows he'll only get the repeal and blame for not passing replace it's a RINO trap
@SteveKBannon #Obamacare @realDonaldTrump should meet w/Ins agents (your grass roots delivery system) 4 what works 4 We the people
Don't replace, let the free open market run! A Republican plan is just as unconscionable & illegal as one by another name!
Don't be afraid of replace. It's likely more reform than it is new mandates. As pre-ACA wasn't free market either.
time for you Republicans to be repealed and replaced nothing but entitled fools  this time you cant blame the dems this on you
You failed miserably at doing such a thing in the election. The people gave us even more power.
I agree. Please make this possible. We need this. I pray you can all cooperate and compromise to get this done. @realDonaldTrump
why not just modify existing law? Repeal is a shot at Obama and is personal and, likely, racist.
Oh 4 God's sake STOP w/racist crap! It is totally lame 2 go there! Repeal/replace isn't about #44. Pay attn!
Replace with open market only
Repub's have had 7 yrs to come up with an alternative to the ACA but it's been all talk. U don't care if u hurt people!!
Yes, please listen to Senator/Doctor Paul. He has a brain and works hard unlike many of his slack colleagues. Cotton and Paul work
How unrealistic can you get? I mean really
yes and after that let's start getting rid of more government and all the bull shit taxes that go along with it!
he is!  Unless you make less than 100k. Then he'll increase them.
but we need to eliminate crap like rain water run off tax property taxes. We must keep cutting and limiting gov
John Heinz went to hell for voting against the school lunch program It was a wrong moral decision Jesus fed the poor & healed sick
NEWTONIAN WORLD MACHINE= PEACE
Repeal yes replace yes put your plan into Medicaid save money no start cost ACA money back into Medicaid strengthen program

Problem is nobody else is paying attention to you and Ryan talks about his #ashittierway plan like it's a damn infomercial.
before this lady election, the Republican Party had some credibility even with John boener as speaker. You've lost America
this move will be filled with as many holes if not more holes than the first one. You guys are a joke
please do,Obama care is horrible!
Senator please keep ignoring these crazy liberals
We are ready. Remind your colleagues to keep promises made to America.
seems doable. Repeal it and its replacement will be laissez faire capitalism.
makes alot of sense.
Senator Paul keep up the good fight!!!
replace, then repeal
#RepealAndReplace
how about replace then repeal?
in fact seems like if the republican plan is so great people would naturally migrate to it so no need to repeal right?
nah itlooks like this
You keep spreading this with the idea that people won't look at the source.
Planespotting: Michael Cohen’s Amazing Journey
https://patribotics.wordpress.com/2017/02/26/planespotting-michael-cohens-amazing-journey-louise-mensch/ …
cc @RandPaul
the #SteeleDossier is credible & you know it.

#NSA #CIA #FBI
#TrumpRussia
.@RandPaul That's easy. Repeal Obamacare, then pass exactly the same law with a few tweaks to improve it. Call it Trumpcare. Done. #saveACA
Yeah, no.
there better be a good plan before anything is repealed.
Didn't hear much complaint from people when the 2,000 page ACA was passed without much insight.
@SpeakerRyan @realDonaldTrump  I don't envy your job.  There will blood on your hands if it doesn't work.
why?nobody held pres. Obama and the Dems accountable for the shit we have now
President Trump needs to bring in insurance execs and pharmaceutical execs to come to a consensus on repair and replace.
I am in full agreement Senator. Please be sure congress does not keep ANY part of the ACA. Healthcare not a delegated authority 
I'm with you !and Potus, let's get it done.
What is going to be repealed and replaced is you!
just read the White House won't guarantee Americans won't lose thier insurance under your plan. Pathetic!
yep
Please get rid of that Obama Care stuff. It's all a scam to get into the people's pockets and take the money. Not worth.
Would you please alert the media?! :)
putz
Bring an umbrella!
Yes do so.  Too much talk talk and no action from congress
yes that is how it should be done 
Keep fighting for us Senator Paul! Way to go.
before you can do that you MUST deal with the elephant in the room. Trump-Russia isn't going away. Investigate with all due haste!
As soon as there's any actual evidence and not conspiracy theories with no factual substance to them.
Way to go Senator

