Here is my statement explaining why I will vote no on the BCRA motion to proceed: https://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=press-releases&id=988195A6-7C42-4878-A59F-3FA344D170C9 …
You are so anxious to take health care from those who need it. You are cruel and callous and spiteful.
Health care does not equal health insurance.  ACA=gov't ins & Poor CARE & profit for Ins co. CARE is how one is treated/quality. REPEAL=CARE
Used to be most ppl worked in factories that had emp ins plans. NOW big biz goes overseas, most ppl work for smaller biz w/no ins benefits.
Inaccurate. Corporate supplied Ins did not occur until the 1940s. It was an employee draw and not all factory people had access to it either
Health CARE is not health INSURANCE. ACA is about INSURANCE. GOV'T sponsored insurance = like VA and NatAM Reservations=POOR quality
ACA is about ACCESS to affordable health CARE. Nobody provides health CARE without health INSURANCE.
Bologna. ACA=INSURANCE. NOTHING to do with CARE. In fact, the more gov't involved the less quality care one receives as costs spike for all.
lol you're not describing Obamacare. Just spewing Fox nonsense. 
The public woke up. It's not going to happen. People like the ACA but yes it needs fixes. We can NOT go back to pre-ACA days. It's death
NO. The BIG MOUTHS who want HANDOUTS are yammering. REAL America does not want Socialized heath system
We want repeal! You want to write a one page bill allowing kids to stay on parents plan, must accept ppl w pre-existing conditions, fine.
Maybe a little, you don't want to bankrupt a middle class family because one of the kids has diabetes.
I said I wanted it repealed. I don't think it's a problem to write a stand alone bill to put in the two things ppl of all stripes liked.
How am I asking for free things? You seem to have me confused with a liberal.
No. It is irresponsible and heinous to destabilize the insurance market and rip health coverage from your constituents. You're a Christian?
People on ACA can choose a plan with this BHRCA. If they are given the choice to choose a plan or to leave, then they arent being thrown off
The deductible for a plan with an actuarial value of 58 percent would be a sig higher % of income making such a plan unattractive
but for a different reason As a result, despite being eligible 4 premium tax credits, few low-income people would purchase any plan per CBO
Hence, not being able to afford a quality plan is not the same as being given a choice. Why pay more for garbage insurance?
If they dont want "garbage insurance" which is exactly what the ACA was, then if no insurance at all suits them, then by all means go ahead
Tha actuarial value of ACA silver plan was 70% the Cruz amendment wanted to make even skimpier policies available, subsidized by the govt.
Mark, stop trying to play u! We know the only reason why you want to repeal is for the tax cuts WE THE AMERICAN PEOPLE are not stupid
Very unhappy with all you guys maybe we will take a vacation day when election time come for all of you
Yes ! Full Repeal 
@SenMikeLee you should be able to tell us in 30 seconds or less - not 'read this'..so what is it? @realDonaldTrump is so great at that!
@SenMikeLee We did not vote for explanations. We voted for Repeal. Voters just want Pols to keep their promises; no more, no less.
Move on to tax reform. Forget healthcare.
For over 7 years Republicans have said they were going to put together a great Healthcare plan. They need to prove it.
So they had no intention of helping people. They even legislated so it was illegal for SS/Medicare to negotiate lower drug prices.
JIM JORDAN & MARK MEADOWS MUST REALLY HATE THEIR CONSTITUENTS, U SMUG LITTLE TURDS!  U TURDS GET YOUR HEADS OUT OF GREEDY INSURANCE'S ASS.
How about putting SAME HEALTHCARE PLAN CONGRESS HAS ON DESK? Make them LIVE BY WHAT THEY GIVE..ALL SAME. They will give great THEN
You are a champion sir
Teapublicans knew voting 4 the bill going to Obama was a fraud, gimmick! All show. Now they own it. Fix #ACA it is working for millions #gop
Where's the leadership to put it on President Trump's desk ? It's missing in action due to no guts to make a change.
How much will OHIO be paying to mnt Medicaid?
Tell the non republicans that we are unhappy and what a slap to let us down and take vacation common people would be fired for that
ummm, the thing you put on president obama's desk was #obamacare (aka the ACA)
Could you all PLEASE start being specific on Medicade? When @RandPaul says he's protecting people of KY - CAN they WORK & DONT? What %?
Get ready to be voted out. You are a disgrace to western north carolina.
Right, I'm sure he's going to lose the votes of those who voted him in office for a full repeal. Who cares how his opponents feel
What is your replacement plan sir?   Many @ordinaryfaces would like to know....you guys now have everything......and yet u failed.
Failed because they tried to please the Left & the Insurance Companies. Sooner or later they will decide to please their voters, or else.
Mark, how does taking away HC from millions make you feel? Despite problems with ACA, doesn't it bother u that millions will go uninsured?
People I know 
are SICK of Lobbyist controlling those WE ELECTED to spend our money 
Not theirs !!!!!! #MAGA defund ObamaCare like #pasen
You realize lobbyists are paying Mark Meadows, right?
Respectfully, @RepMarkMeadows, please correct me if I'm wrong, but 2015 bill did not repeal ACA regs, so was not #FullRepeal
Yes, but we need clarity as to what is possible and what the consequences will be.
guy time to vote out Mike Lee
Uniparty RINOs won't vote to repeal, as their puppeteers in US CoC don't want that.
Get rid of it!
You need to realize you've been lied to by the Republican Party.
Conservatives want a Free Market where everyone wins and Consumer/Patients have a voice! Insurance Co should have to compete for our biz.
@misterchambo  but did it truly repeal Hook Line & Sinker?  It's not a true repeal! So why would we do that!
And how are you going to do that when Collins, Murkowski and Capito say they won’t vote for it? Another show vote! #AmericaFirst #MAGA
Why do you hate America and your own constituents so much?
Let's make sure nothing gets done .. good plan
You are NOT representing Americans - only yourselves!
Who's going to strong-arm Republicrats like Collins and Murkowski?  Mitch McConnell?  He only strong-arms conservatives.  But keep fighting!
None of you ever intended to repeal Ocare.  It was a ploy to get votes.  Play off our pain.
Just who do you represent? Not NC voters who are some of the poorest in the USA and most in need of basic medical care thru ACA!
You need to actually meet with NC voters like me (not your vetted support groups) to find out what we want.  Fix ObamaCare; don't repeal it!
NO WAY. THIS IS ASSANINE! WILL DESTROY REPUBLICAN PARTY BY DEVASTATING ITS MEMBERS. aMERICAN HEALTH = FIXING! NOT IDEOLOGY!
It's really disturbing that you're so excited about the possibility of killing people!!! 
You morons on the @FreedomHouseDC just dont get itObama care has gotten popular since that bill. Republicans will lose bad if a full repeal
You shall be spared when we replace all the others in primary Rep. Meadows. Thank you.
Yes. FULL REPEAL 
Hell yeah repeal it ! Final nail in the coffin of the Republican Party then America will be great again
we have had enough statements. they all lead to the same NOTHING end
Do you fools think the American people are stupid, we know full well what's going on up there, pitch forks & torches in order now!
Hard to do when 1/2 the Repubs. in congress HATE the president, esp. @SpeakerRyan (TARMAC MAN) & @SenateMajLdr  they will be ousted!
As you are my congressman, Mark, letting you know that people in Henderson county want #MedicareForAll
Yes get together on this plan now!  R needs it #maga
But..  but... I've loved having healthcare that ran as smoothly as the DMV.
Yall better! No Republican with a set of stones trust yall right now. Ryan goes. McConnell goes. Trump needs to hit the bricks & calls u out
Don't change a word of the 2015 repeal
Get government out of the healthcare business. There are 300 million customers out there. There should be a free market solution.
They're chicken. This time it's real and they have no guts to do the right thing.
Why don't you use the Nuke option???
Why not vote not to bail out insurers and buy plans across state lines??
Right on! Burn the garbage, let us return to the pre plan system where people who worked could afford to have insurance! Destroy Obamacare!!
Nice knowing ya,bye,bye
Full repeal now!
And (repeal, then) market-driven: "https://www.forbes.com/sites/dougschoen/2017/02/22/trump-and-pharma-leaders-can-find-common-ground/#55045035771f …
Well, @POTUS did campaign on repeal, then Free-Market:  http://www.ontheissues.org/celeb/Donald_Trump_Health_Care.htm …
Why not just fix it? Change the NAME if it bothers you so much, even if it WAS Republicans who named it that.
You're nuts!
Repeal- not answer. Get together and make a better 1. PRE-ACA was awful. ACA not perfect, but step in right direction. I'm in ur district
#RepealObamacare
It's about health insurance not healthcare. Wake up America. It's all about the money
Repeal it. For once stand up and dump it. I don't want to give insurance companies a bailout. It's all about the money
call write or email congress!
Take out tax cut for the rich leave medicaid medicare alone maybe itll pass
No confidence in GOP anymore
Show all the carding now, too late 2018 right around corner. You thought dems lost bad just wait
Show some guts and do it!
As Reagan said, if you can get 75% of what you want take it and fight for the rest later. Stop stepping on the GOP toes and grandstanding

Good luck with that. BTW, Trump isnt making you speaker despite all your sucking up.
We voted for repeal. Please get it done.
Wouldn't it have been GREAT had YOU, RAND, & others NOT HELPED McConnell retain speakership!!! That did a lot of damage to you w/my support
any Republicans standing in the way of FULL REPEAL, MUST be sent home by their voters...RECALL THEM!  They R a hindrance 2 freedom & LiberT
FULL REPEAL NOW! No more $$ to Ins Cos. They rake in $billions and want more! Create OPEN AND FREE MARKET! Competition will lower premiums!
POL shld not b able 2 take ANY funds,campaign or otherwise from ANY industry or individual associated with HEALTHCARE!END SPECIAL INTERESTS!
@RMConservative @SenMikeLee @tedcruz exactly.  Stand strong. Now make it happen @SenateMajLdr & @JohnCornyn .. or retire!
I bet the Congress leaves for their August recess on time after accomplishing nothing. Congratulations @senatormikelee on the repeal fail.
Will never happen per the original plan--full govt healthcare--except for Congress. They are "more equal"
Every single member of the @GOP in Congress should be ashamed, all of you should immediately resign your seats and forfeit your salaries
This is even worse than your replacement!  U guys will own this if you throw 30M off healthcare!!!!!
Only a repeal is an epic failure.
Without bipartisan collaboration on fixing ACA or creating a new law, the entire process is an epic failure. Dems & Pubs, let's go !!! 
Time for a FULL REPEAL of Govt. Pens. Offset. Police Widows are being treated UNFAIRLY by SOC. SEC.
I called, email, and tweeted my representatives to let them know, no one in the GOP is asking for replacement? So who are you working for?
The only problem with that is that bill will not taken off the books
Time for a FULL REPEAL OF W.E.P. #SSFAIRNESS.COM  Police Officers are being SCREWED BY SOCIAL SECURITY.
@SenMikeLee
Exactly thank you
Good call. Throw 30MM people out on the street not 20MM. Love how Repubs reveal themselves, their evil & hate.
https://twitter.com/yohiobaseball/status/887230824986365952 … #FullOfSchiff Stop kicking the can down the road. Repeal and Replace
McConnell calling to pass the 15 defunding bill which was not a Repeal. Just trickery https://theconservativetreehouse.com/2017/07/18/senate-majority-leader-mitch-mcconnell-scraps-senate-healthcare-bill/ …
how's that looking today? almost ready to pass full repeal?
Can you all work together, please. Compromise and come up with a viable solution that is non partisan! We are tired of the political games.
Time to admit you have no ideas. You have never had any ideas. An entire party of HELL NO and nothing else.
Get'er done repeal it now WAKE UP AMERICA
Win or go home, it's all your bedtime.
ROFLMAO...did you just attmpt to call Rand Paul racist KKK? ROFLMAO U R 1 ignorant individual.
#AmericansAbroad also need a #FullRepeal of #FATCA #CBTax. We are being forced into #citizide. #SOS #TaxReform #MAGA #MTFA
Rep Meadows .@RandPaul, what is status of your repeal #FATCA bill? 
#URGENT Americans can't bank!!!!!!  @SpeakerRyan @RonWyden DO SOMETHING!
Govern.  It means you have to compromise or no bill ever gets passed.
Please do, and call a vote on it immediately so your constituents can see those who do not endorse it & can target them in 2018 primaries.
Lee is a never Trumper who has his own agenda! Not looking to maga, his donors r more important

“Aetna’s 2016 results exceeded previous projections despite continued challenges in the public exchanges,.." https://twitter.com/rachellejewel/status/862677773286072321 …
Better yet let's recall every Senator and Congressman. Not a one is doing his/her job on either side. Lead, follow or get the hell outta way
Except that what you put on Obama's desk didn't repeal many of the things Repubs object to in the ACA.
@SenMikeLee Hard to believe NO Dems are getting pressure from constituents to Repeal the Obamacare disaster!
Dithering while @GOP voter run away for decades
#FullRepealNow
Nothing?
We want @RandPaul bill!#FreeMarketHealthcare!Its only 4 pages! https://www.paul.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/ObamacareReplacementActSections.pdf …
Totally agree!! His bill empowers the individual, not orders them. Love that bill!!! Get it passed!
You are all obstructionists who only care about your reelection. You should all be ashamed of yourselves. Why vote for you if can't deliver?
Mark you enabled this fiasco ....get it done or get out
Yes. Now just do it. We are tired of waiting to get the millstone of Obamacare off our necks.
Yeah, let's kill as many people as we can so we can give rich people lots and lots and lots of money. God is not in the dark He sees you.
Finally hearing common sense
Repeal and replace. Give GOP time to work out replacement. Repeal now. ObamaCare makes us sick! Keep your promises!
You and I both know that these CYA Fakers will never do that Mark. They only act like they care about the people when it's a mirage
Both of you are insane. Just fix what we have. Your hate and dogmatic decision is interfering with your overall judgement.
Is that really so difficult? Unbelievable!
With all due respect, the @GOP are just monkeys f***ing a football at this point.
Sure, who cares if people are hurt? The @gop is just plain evil. I only hope more people are starting to see this. 
repealing ACA will not kill anybody. Jesus Christ this kind of rhetoric is why Rep. Scalise was shot
#getitdone #RepealObamacare
Some say, "why #FullRepeal now." Obamacare/ACA's bound on failure even if left to it's own devices, had no basis to continue, so let it fail
If you can't repeal, if you won't agree on a plan to replace, then let it collapse under its own weight. Get the other stuff done & done now
Need Affordability & Choice.  Many Americans don't mind paying out-of-pocket for a Dr. visit--- if it reduces their health insurance.
Healthcare is Unaffordable.  We need competition  to reduce core costs of hospitals, doctors, nursing homes, medical equipment, pharma, etc.
I support #FullRepeal now. Reapproach the medical insurance issues from a new perspective, launch a new bill
Sen. Rand Paul's bill is already submitted.I wish conservatives would actually read it & realize it was there all along.
Even if repeal passes, we are stuck on Obamacare for at least two years! What has this accomplished?! This was not the final bill!
Allow young folks to sign on with private insurance for catastrophic policies in free market and move off of obamacare via gov't web site
I'm done with you all
Enable people who signed on wit obamacare to go to web site and make choice to decline coverage with no tax penalty. Allow choice to get out
people forget that Obama vetoed the obamacare repeal that passed both house and senate in Jan 2016
Enable people to move out of obamacare system into a free market system by choice and make it known to The American People via web site.
FULL REPEAL & CANCEL ANY FUTURE CONGRESSIONAL EXEMPTION FROM REPLACEMENT. CONGRESS HAS FORGOTTEN WE ARE ALL AMERICANS INCLUDING CONGRESS.
FULL REPEAL & CANCEL ANY FUTURE CONGRESSIONAL E,EMOTION FROM REPLACEMENT. CONGRESS HAS FORGOTTEN WE ARE ALL AMERICANS INCLUDING CONGRESS.
As long as you have your healthcare, right?Did you ever hear of insuring principles?= single payer? lower big Pharma costs & false billings
Yes do it. Enough already
Medicare for everyone.

Do it NOW!  @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan
Yes full repeal now !
Finding that the courage of one's convictions not so easily brought to bear. Having to swallow one's incendiary rhetoric & hubris. Water,plz
Absolutely

for 8 years they sent many bills to Obama to sign and now they can't even put one on Trumps desk to sign.  This is politics from the swamp
Why is it call Better Way? Paul Ryan's downer plan?
all of you in congress & senate are just jokers talk but do nothing people! @SenMikeLee good for nothing idiots why cant u all work together
Yes. Amen  free markets. More competition across state lines. Get  Gov out of health care business
Read Sen. Rand Paul's bill..it is only 4 pages long. It is amazing solution
Take the vote, demand the vote happen, Americans voted to fully repeal even if it only takes 51 votes
@RandPaul @SenMikeLee   lying! U cannot do a full repeal! Need 60 votes! Y'all are just incompetent & it's time for us who
You Senators will pay at the polls! You are a disgrace and I'm very angry!
The @SenateGOP @GOPLeader doesn't have the balls to do that. The GOP is a bunch of clueless misfits. Do right by America, not the MSM.
If you know anything about DT's business dealings don't repeal and wait for something better. It won't happen. Like his tax returns!
Great, let's kick 34million off healthcare instead of 20mil. That seems better.
Y'all need to listen to Rand Paul more. You know, if you're actually serious about coming through on the promises you make.
You did NOT put full repeal on Obama's desk. It never passed in the Senate. Rep. Meadows doesn't know how legislation works. Sad.
An analysis of the next dumb as shit thing the GOP is gonna try
Yes #CleanRepeal  Fire @SpeakerRyan @GOPLeader @SteveScalise Keep your word & honor.
Why did u even put that bill on @POTUS desk? #RepealObamacare
Exactly and anyone who changes their vote needs to be voted out of office! Ya hear us @GOP! We're tired of playing these silly damn games!


#Obamacare is sinking faster than the #Titanic but #Congress keeps on playing as if the ship isn't going down. #Repealobamacare now! 
#MAGA
Damn skippy..........telling you it's a winner.
We Do Not want Government Subsidized Healthcare! @prageru may educate congress on issues of economics & choice of healthcare
