You can masquerade under "repeal and replace" to stay w #gop but ur just too scared to say that #obamacare is the best option 4 American ppl
How?  Family insurance jumped $6,000 in KY under o care.. it's killing small business owners. How is that good?
The Democrats aren't liberals. The Constitution says Congress shall promote the general welfare. Single payer would do that.
They are corporate shills. They legislate for their big money donors, just like GOP does. Obama got rich, now Trump gets rich, but we lose.
If you believe that, then you do you, boo. I'm just happy he hasn't put us in any more useless wars. Other than that, crickets...
We hate the godless Democrat (and now GOP) thievery.  Stand strong, Rand.  Thank you!
I don't call protecting the American people from stinking socialism a waste.  As I recall, the "majority" was all about repeal.
So you're perfectly fine with socialism...as long as it's a win for whatever agenda you find yourself backing.  Wrong.
The question would be best put to you.  Look at your name. "Lone conservative".And you're pushing very hard for a socialist Obama construct.
The GOP doesn't deserve to be in power. They have shown that they lie to get elected. I feel we are watching House of Cards in real life
Lol. What does her being white have to do with anything? ???
"Their own kind"?
The small minority of Americans who actually have to pay for Obamacare should be outraged.
I cannot support Government supporting Insurance companies with subsidies.
I think he just can't stand having Obama's name attached to anything.
.. and they have no replacement plan... otherwise we would have heard about it.
Just repeal the whole bill.  Please
@GOP True!  We will make a new party, and call it #MAGA and vote accordingly for those who will protect America and her citizens,
why not just fix it? a lot of people are depending upon Obamacare for their basic healthcare needs
There is a fine line....Doing nothing but bitching while accomplishing nothing, helps how?
America citizens are the only ones that can change Washington so all these people bitching go to your election in your state and vote
Republicans need to let it fail, start form scratch.  Keep Insurance lobbyist out of process.  Insurance companies
Are part of the problem!
hey little fellow, tell us all what should be done,  bad mouth to easy.  @KidsNewsOK  @ukteacher
Still trying to figure out how much of that $393,000,000 lobby pie went to each side of the aisle for the sellout on healthcare reform
Your betting the Farm on this one Rand, I hope your right
Yep! 2018 isn't looking like it will be very good for the GOP!  NO BACKBONE!!  They ALL deserve to be canned!
Your blind devotion to an egotistical bigot will be your undoing not god damn healthcare. #TXIdjit
No. It won't.
We shall see when Impeachment comes where the Republicans are then. #Soon
Yes, you were a no vote
It most surely will.
It'll either be that, or associating themselves with tone deaf asshats like Rand Paul.
We need full repeal including draconian taxes, un American regulations, and unmaintainable spending
Keep fighting!!
No sorry better than the left in control
When do you retire/get voted out?  #goodbyeRand
Socialist medicine serves the super wealthy medical fraternity extortionists far more than it does the people #competitionisthesolution
You're going to get repealed and replaced if you don't get on board.  Vote for the damn bill.
This isn't a repeal so no he should not vote for this Obamacare 2.0
Then we get full Obamacare.
This bill is full Obamacare Plus a large bailout for the insurance companies. McConnell is pleasing his Lobbyists.
Many in GOP are as dumb as the Dems. They don't get it. Big Gov must go. Promising to end it isn't enough.
So get out there and lead Rand! Stop just voting no and make something happen!
Couldn't agree agree more.  100% democratic plan. Repeal period.
Agree Senator, just repeal and don't replace. Government shouldn't be in healthcare. No matter what happens, can't ever vote democrat.
How about education? Can I stop paying for educating kids since I don't have any? How about ppl who choose to have kids pay to educate?
No one paid for my kids education AND no one paid for our health insurance. What happened to personal responsibility?
If you chose private school instead of public that was your decision. Otherwise I paid.
College. Out of State, and no, you didn't pay.
In a round about way, public education is funded by taxpayers. [Elem-HS]
It's not a roundabout way. Its funded directly by school taxes I pay to the district I live in. A lot of them. I'm not complaining abt that.
Absolutely, and I am a Trump supporter who is taking on the effort to unseat virtually every member of Congress during the 2018 primaries.
Causing mass genocide of millions and maintaining support of a corrupt administration a more likely cause of Republicans' undoing
Repeal it. Phase it out over time. Let the marketplace handle healthcare. National insurance competition. Nobody died before Obamacare.
Marketplace can not handle healthcare. Thats why CEOs make 50k a day and up and a for profit hospital murdered my father by cutting corners
Agree with you Rand.... #FullRepeal
Obamacare is a disaster for America-deductible/premium out of control
O'care destroyed health cov
@GOP
You realize GOP is purposefully sabotaging Ocares ability 2 function. Trumpcare would make your premiums skyrocket.
You do realize Obama Admin illegally funding part of Obamacare that a Fed Judge ruled against Obama-In 2 years time, $7B of illegal funds
Not the GOP, but Obama illegally subsidizing Obamacare and the exchanges are still pulling out...higher ded/higher prem.
States are opting out against the interests of their constituents, as proof that ACA doesn't work. Kentucky loves ACA, despite McConnell op
News flash: States don't opt out of Obamacare....it is the Ins companies pulling out-might want to educate yourself on how it works first
States can choose to opt into ACA Medicaid expansion and strengthen the state's insurance pools leveling premiums.
Medicaid expansion and Obamacare Exchanges are two (2) different things. Again, you need to understand the overall process.
Pushing partisan plan while nation comes to inevitable conclusion president is not legitimate is a bad plan. Find compromise. Decry Treason.
Where were you when Obama care was jammed down our throats without one Republican vote?
And that President who compromised with. Republican plan instead of the single payer we need was a legitimately elected President.
Obama compromised?  Name one issue. Zero amendments were permitted during ACA debacle.  Liberals love to lie.
Senate Finance Com offered 564 amendments. Six Republican amend adopted via roll call vote and others by unanimous consent without objection
Bs
Senator Paul, the people need the same healthcare YOU have;that ALL of YOU have.If THEY can't do THAT, it's just NO good.Tell POUTS that
Just imagine if John McCain didn't have insurance?  EVERYONE Is entitled to life.  It's guaranteed you know.
?
Preamble to the DOI. Reason there are no articles or amendments dealing with healthcare in the Constitution. Self-evident truths.
No, healthcare isn't listed but the right to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness are.  Extremely difficult when very ill.
I have MULTIPLE health problems.Believe me when I state that & i DON'T belive scty should pay 4 my hllthcre. i took control.
I am glad you are able to do this. Sadly, not everyone's situation is the same
wanna know what i did? no going out.no cable.no cell.no xtra spndng. took cntrol..belve me when i tell u.it was BEYOND diffclt but i did it!
Pass the bill to repeal ! Makes no difference now, but the Republicans look like they have guts. Pass a new plan later!
I think you are right but now we can't even repeal it!!!
You should be defending us from Russian intervention in our sovereign affairs. But your focus is on murdering millions of Americans.
Govt won't get out of my way for healthcare-let my doc compete for my $, let me buy best plan no matter the state I live... trust me 
Talk to Collins, Capito, Murkowski .. all voted YES to repeal (under Obama) but NOW stand in the way of repeal???? 
Senator. You just saved this country by not caving in. #stillranding
If you have failed to persuade the majority of Senators, follow the majority. Get the ball rolling!
How impressive is doing nothing??
Doing nothing, is equally as bad brother
I am with u Sir thanks.
I agree!! Do they not know what repeal & replace mean?? I guess they don't have dictionaries/thesaurus on capital hill.
We don't need more Republicans we need New Republicans, not bought off by big goverment...
You are hero and republicans never intended to repeal ACA or help Trump very sad
Goodluck man.
You Didn't Help
You are one of three stopping repeal and replace. Democrats are winning and you have the majority, shameful and you are letting us down.
@HenryMe94274332 @Rare 'Thank GOD for people like Rand Paul'!
You promised us you would Repeal or Replace #ObamaCare
Apparently Politicians don't keep their Promises.
Treasonous activity will undo the Admin. The GOP doe not appear to know anything about healthcare and made it into an illadvised tax cut.
@NatShupe @Rare What pork did McConnell put in the bill to derail it??
This decision will be YOUR undoing.
As usual, Rand is spot on correct (and consistent).  I envy his constituents!
@SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @Sen_JoeManchin ACA needs a FULL REPEAL~Enough of this sh*t! Big Pharma & Ins Co's no different than '08TARPSTERS
you let us all down
You are so right Senator ! Know this me and a million voters will reregister as independents if the pubs screw this up.
@FoxNews  Where r concerned ppl re:the ppl who lost coverage on Ocare & now have to pay 4 coverage they can't use due 2 high deduc
@fredworld682 @Rare @POTUS Thank u Sen Paul for sta ding firm for US ppl. Get rid of Mandates & wasteful subsidies to Ins co.
.@RandPaul , stick to your guns!
That's OK- we need to replace a lot of "Republicans" before we can set things right...like eliminating cabinet departments!
Perhaps they need undoing?
REPEAL & REPLACE that is one of the 99k reasons WE THE PEOPLE VOTED out Dems!
That would be a " disgrace" to GOP promise to people ( voters).
By not doing anything the Republicans also inherit funding of Planned Parenthood. Get something done.
They already hit their undoing.  Time for younger team with fresh ideas to step in!
Paul,Collins,Lee,and, Moran. Hope they do not run for Senate again. I will try to rally any and all tax payers against them to vote them out
America hopes so!
Repeal First 
Talk Later!!!!!
Freaking Swamp Rats!!!!
Do what you people Promise
Brave words. Repugs don't dare *touch* PPACA, unless they want to be turned out in wave election for next 2 decades.
This f*****-up health care bill is finally dead before it arrives. Two more senators last night jumped the ship so now we have at least 4...
That is a missing with us .Many senators have good smiling and play with our lives .
Agree that is the short term effect. Long term effect is having America being taken out by an out of control domestic program
If you can't replace, stop lying about repeal & just let it die!! Work anew from scratch!!
Unfortunately he's absolutely correct.
There is NO EXCUSE 4GOP not 2have had a Healthcare Bill (Approved by ALL) Ready-The Day They Won The ElectionWho is PROFITING from O-Care?
I totally agree with u .Republicans were hawing ideas ready to start after the election.
They better UNOWN it pretty damn fast
PRIVATE health ins. premiums being paid by OCare stipends at taxpayers expense. DAMN RIGHT THEY OWN IT
Do SOMETHING!!
Your a smart guy. Get it done
I agree with you Rand. We need a FULL REPEAL.  Govt wants to control healthcare therefore control the ppl.
Where did the two year lag come from. Let's repeal Obamacare effective 1/1 and move on
It's been 8 years and the GOP is still trying to find a way to "fix" healthcare. How many idiots does it take to change a lightbulb...
Do what's right for the country
I think turning a blind eye to a traitorous POTUS will be the undoing of the GOP.
God forbid. I know First hand how horrible healthcare is now. Incompetent people. Patients are more sick with infections from IVs than ever
The killers are among us!
Everything has gotten worse since Obama care. Doctors are now pressed to use medical assistances now,No good prenatal care or support 4preg
Thanks for nothing jackass!
Agreed.  It is unfortunate that you @RandPaul have guaranteed this will happen by forcing a bill that has no chance of passing the senate.
Toast in the base toaster! 
Believe GOP in on lifesupport... Hope it is not true but two major parties are mirror images of self agrandissement while Republic dies
It certainly will be Rand paul's and lee's
You said it.
Obamacare has the Republicans by the short and curlies. You fool will never get it done and will be voted out of office because of it all
Senator, now that it will be repealed, please get the conservatives together to quickly push through real reform before they replace it!
What's going to happen October1 when people have nothing and nothing to replace it with
How do you sleep at night if there is a hell you will fit in nicely Satan jr
Time to step up Senator, kick that   McConnell to the side lead the charge for full repeal. @RandPaul @SenMikeLee @tedcruz
The undoing is the doing nothing WHAT IS THE PROBLEM DO THEY NOT READ THEIR MESSAGES OR TWEETS
I thought you were libertarian shut up about Republican garbage
I PRAY that we can now get FULL REPEAL.  This pretend repeal was only Obamacare Lite.  I begged the president to listen to the conservatives
Repealing #ObamaCare will be the nations undoing...Your choice senator #partyovercountry
we are tired of and angry at RINOS @SenateMajLdr
Correct. Does anyone else we sent up there understand this, FFS??
I agree
It was better than nothing and now you, Collins, Lee have doomed us to universal hc. #neverforget
Why can't you draft a proposal and take it to the floor, get the rest onboard, the others have had two strikes already.
It can't be straight up repealed, Rand, b/c the votes aren't there.  I like you a lot but you r wrong on this.  People are hurting.
Answer:repeal & extend COBRA for laid off 50+ workers until 65. Offsets keeping 26yrolds on parents group ins which lets corp reap benefits.
The citizenry doesn't want what you want. No one wants to start all over. We are growing weary of your inability to work together.
The Left's Political Surrender to Reality was UNCONDITIONAL.
Winners don't negotiate with Losers; Repeal #ObamaCare Now!
#HealthcareBill
You should work on repealing it then....no vacation until you do...alll of a sudden you guys will come together....
#StandWithRand
Lower medical cost and cap it, then Insurance would be lower. Once again that is the problem across the board. Hasn't anyone thought of that
BIG TIME !
@limbaugh  Politics 101 is follow will of people who put you n office. GOP won't Repeal Obamacare. Appears all GOP wants f/ people is votes.
Rand Paul is right. Don't pass BAD health care law. And don't support Obama light. We the people do not want that. We want a repeal. Period!
We need to address the costs of health care delivery by changing provider incentives. Redesigning insurance will not adequately do this.
Roy is correct. Without changing the underlying costs, the matter of insurance is pure folly.
@LouDobbs Politics 101 is follow will of people who put you n office. GOP won't Repeal Obamacare. Appears all GOP wants f/ people is votes.
STop talking about Republicans and just propose allowing people free choice.  Let people opt out.  If it's so great people should want in.
full repeal stand your ground Texas supports you
We can not carry the weaklings forever. This is the land of opportunity. We all have needed help but, it should not be a lifestyle.
R they focused on re-election not country? And $ to states 4 HC will FAIL! Some Gov. do budget! Liberal govs will overspend & blame Repubs.
Let Obama Care FAIL!
Your undoing will be doing nothing! repeal the un-affordable care act! do your job! #Traitor #Commie #BenedictArnold #ShumerPawn #PelosiPawn
Wait 2 yrs to shrink Medicaid? No incentive 2 work for 2 yrs? W/ jobs growing daily? This is your chance 2 Repeal & Replace W/ Free Market!
REPEAL, PERIOD...! get off the socialist express @GOP. The European model is a failure...!
Repealing will be the end of the GOP you fool.
Repeal only
My president promised to repeal Obamacare and the Republicans better get in line behind my president and do as he requires.
It will be the old guard RINOS undoing. The fired up blood of the new guard will come and unseat the old. We the voter will see to that.
Actually I think the government trying to run Healthcare at all will lead to their undoing I've not heard a single argument tosay otherwise
I don't think it will be the undoing but I think they need to do more to repeal it and move to free market keep up the fight senator Paul
You republicans better do something about Obamacare, my kids wont even take grandkids to dr,premium $1200 & deductible
$8000, DO Know this??
Pride cometh before the fall. A compromise today, can lead to more victories tomorrow. If this bill fails, shows govt needs to get out of HC
Maybe you shouldn't have ranted and raved about how you and your buddies were going to repeal and replace for the past 7 years.
Then DO SOMETHING Rand! Propose SOMETHING! I just read an article where all you did was point out problems. How about SOLUTIONS!
Please scrap the whole multi-payer non system and replace it with privately delivered privately funded #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll
You are so right, sir!  How sad that no one asks Senate leaders why they EXEMPTED their own Cadillac health plan!  Shameful.
Your right repeal and let the insurance markets compete, keep the government out of health care
The Dem's are progressives.  The Republicans are predominately progressive.  The ACA is a progressive bill. What's not clicking gor you?
The Republican Party will be the Republican Party's undoing.
Senator, I agree with you, and I doubt members of congress understand how bad it will be for them if they screw this up.
Yep
If Congress refuses to fully repeal Ocare... it should pass no HC bill at all... let Ocare crumble and fail spectacularly... self-repeal.
I stand with Rand.
Repeal Obamacare care. Get out of the insurance business. We don't need government involved. Your not involved in buying cars,houses
Will your vote be the one that saved Obamacare? This is our last chance!
Doesn't Congress get it? We don't want the government involved in health care. Find a way to help the unemployable and leave the rest alone.
Time to replace the GOP.  NO MORE LIES
It seems like you, along with Sens. Mike Lee and Ted Cruz, are the few Senators with common-sense. Please keep educating people!
Wrong. Trump was the undoing, GOP just can't, or refuse to believe it.
Repeal don't replace
#House Bill, we are expecting you to vote NO on transgender surgery for military,  sickening!
Repeal!
@realDonaldTrump @VP @POTUS  It all boils down to 2 men, Sen. @SenTedCruz  and @RandPaul  Give them a week together & staff to work this out
Sounds like a lose/lose for the GOP.
You are my hero @RandPaul!
IAM SO WITH YOU!  Keep pushing Sen Paul
I'm with you Rand. Keep fighting for the free market
Thanks Rand. DON'T STOP! Please keep fighting! 
How can GOP not see it is very little different than Obamacare? This is BAD for the US.
It may be for the best. Time for a new party. I like the Conservative Party.
Rand helping to keep Ocare by voting No is going to give us Single Payer and be Americas undoing.
BETTER TO WIN AND PLAY AGAIN, THEN TO NOT PLAY AGAIN AND SIT DOWN.
Retaining any healthcare plan will be better for Republicans than Repeal and never replace. People will remember the GOP killed their nana.
You need to lead   Either demonstrate your bill or work with others on theirs. This is just grandstanding
If bill fails...U will be to blame,40 yrs of voting R -I'm done, never again. 54,uninsured, i refuse to be 4st 2 pay more then I can afford.
Ok I rounded... voted Rep.. for 36 years.
u have turned out to be a pblm
It's the immigration, stupid. Let Obamacare fester for a couple more years, it's not unpopular enough yet. #AmericaFIRST
We need to vote for the health care bill because it will be a lot better than Obamacare and will not be single payer. The system changed....
trump is Rs undoing along with your hate agenda
you are the Traitor! You must Compromise and get something done
@SenateMajLdr  Exactly!
Have you any idea how bad it looks to put pork back in a bill most of us don't want or need? 
REPEAL REPEAL 
