ALL of American Congress are traitors to Americans! You promised to get rid of Obama Care and continue to lie to us and continue to fail!
Give them insurance like Rand Paul’s got. Good insurance
Rand Paul "Send me some better colleagues and I'll get rid of it" (Obamacare) that's it in a nutshell folks.  RINOs must be defeated in 18
The only way to get rid of #Obamacare is to elect #libertarians who will in fact do what they say they will do.  #GOP is full of socialists!
I agree that libertarians would actually do what they say.  But do did 45 republicans today
So what? #Obamacare repeal still didn't pass. #GOP is full of socialists. Elect #Libertarians and repeal will happen
...at least repeal. If you do nothing, Republicans are toast.
oh look, another drama queen!
Not a chance!
Fox News is nothing but a lier station why don’t you go on msnbc
Which 7 senators voted against it? Or where to find it.
You failed
Please don't vote to take away healthcare away from 30 million Americans
Why do you think it's our job to take care of other people who don't contribute to society?
If a lot of people get sick, we're going to have to pay for them anyway. Cheaper to keep them healthy by providing health care.
Liberals, socialism does not work. It passed without one republican vote. That should say something...
Socialism does not work obviously, but there has to be something in between that does not leave people unprotected if something bad happens
Correct. I believe I helping others but not at the cost of every American. We already have govt assistant in place, reform those.
I agree
Give them insurance like you got Rand Paul you are no better than the rest of us.
Option 1) Obamacare gone. Option 2) disloyal Republicans gone
Rand Paul needs to give people and their family insurance like him and his family has got.
Hillary is not president leave her alone.
Beyond irritating that 7 Republican Senators put special interest $$ ahead of Americans! Vote them out!
How would u feel if they were taking all your insurance? We are humans to.
Thank you senator Paul for the clean repeal.
An idea 4 replace. let the ppl,Dr,hos,bus,inc, come up with their plans. And give HC stamps 2 ppl that can't afford inc?
Tweeting is a good way 2 keep n touch w the ppl. I look forward 2 pres Trump's tweets. Any rep not supporting him is making a mistake.
Thank you for fighting for FULL REPEAL! 
Which shows you Healthcare wasn't completely broken when Obamacrap was shoved down America's throats!!  
"Not completely broken". Pretty low bar.
Trump care is here Obama is not president now. Short memory.
You're such an obstructionist
Will you be discussing an investigation now on the DNC Wasserman, Hillary, & the rest of them instead of our @POTUS now?.
Easy fix to Obamacare: LET INSURANCE COMPANIES CROSS STATE LINES!! COMPETITION DRIVES COSTS DOWN EVERY TIME!! IS IT REALLY THAT DIFFICULT?!!
Just give them insurance like Ran Paul and the rest of congress has that would be easy.
Sen, there is nothing in the Constitution that says gov is to provide healthcare 4 everyone & a benefit is given, it's hard to repeal it.
Tune into the Ass Clown Report and drink up your Koolaid and eat your propaganda with a shovel
And, once we get Democrats back in office, replacing u losers, we'll bring back everything. GOP will have done severe damage to themselves!
If u repeal ACA, millions of innocent Americans will lose! But, let me tell you something else...YOU HEARTLESS REPUBLICANS will be HISTORY.
Full Repeal
U go bernie
Trump to open his golf courses to all regardless of income or ability to pay.  Good health care requires golf for body, mind & spirit.
WTF will you speak abt @RandPaul  the fact that your Repb #senate BLEW the chance to #RepealObamacare ? #NOSINGLEPAYER #NOSOCIALISM
Why did you screw us on repeal? We want it gone 100% Government shouldn't be in my business ever!  Butt out or give us #Hr676 #FuckLobbyists
THE RINO'S ARE LIARS!  I SUPPORT YOU
We'll vote for true Conservatives in 2018. Don't vote for anything but FULL REPEAL. That's what we were promised for years
Ur right. We were promised a full repeal and if this congress can't get it done we'll vote for new one in 2018. Don't give up the fight
You all disgust me
Sir! Don't give in and don't give up! You're the only one making any sense on health care!!!!
Senator Rand Paul, You are on the losing side of HealthCare!  You need to get with the GOP Senators who are working to repeal ObamaCare!
I am from your State, I want the truth and only the truth why the repeal bill was voted down, so many people on Medicaid should be working.
Any way you cut it you lied and played us to get your few minutes of fame! 8 years every mother's son of u promised repeal, & now nothing!

Rand needs to leave republican party, and so does John McCain...but for different reasons.
Depending on how they file they will get 15 percent , it must be monitored to ensure it goes to business and not to five homes .
To RINO's, Obamacare nothing more than campaign speech. Next you'll hear the RINO's crying, "We tried to repeal it but just couldn't."
So does your economy . Hence today picture .
101 page
Why should I pay the same rate as trump? I don't have trump dollars, I shouldn't be paying for other people kids. That elitism .
Thank U for fighting for a full Repeal. We need 60+ Republicans in 2018. We need your help in Primarying RINO's. Endorse only Conservatives.
What's wrong with those 6 Republicans who voted against the bill today!  Shame on them!!!
Then since they refuse refugees they are overcrowding middle class . Rich people spend their money Europe ,,Thailand , not in U.S.

Talk to Tucker their a community voted for left wing crap,then don't want their schools to go down hill,crime petitioning  against refugees
LIARS!
Thank you for trying.  I feel helpless against this huge government entity demanding to control more of my life.  I had hope. I'm losing it.
I'm starting to appreciate Senator Paul's perspective and committment to finding solutions to Obamacare!

Making America Gullible Again?
Can u find out why so many of Trumps staff have contact w Russia? 
Can u #releaseyourtaxes 4 T? Normal stuff
Rich people don't pay for that it's middle class paying the bulk of the bills our school taxes are souring,refugees don't live in Brentwood
Thank you for believing in the people @RandPaul I'm glad at least one of our elected @GOP officials do. #freemarket #RepealObamacare
I wouldn't watch Fox News if they paid me they are pathetic
We were fine before #Obamacare & we will be fine when it's gone. It's not up to everyday Americans to provide shit for others who don't work
Quit watching after his rant about the President and fake news a few weeks ago. Not going back.
Obama Care will bankrupt America....it is not sustainable....
I like your quote give me better colleagues and we can get the thing repealed. We also can repeal if we elect Libertarians instead of liars
Then got more tax breaks , now look at di caprio do you need five homes telling everyone to go green more immigration .
Get with @realDonaldTrump @RandPaul . Take the lead and then convince @realDonaldTrump to END the Unaccountable FED
I'm completely infuriated by the 6 no votes. They must be primaried at the first opportunity
How does Speaker Pelosi sound to you, Senator? Sound familiar? Get used to it again. #Repeal
Business. And rich people will still have money rich before Reagan was heavily tax , I didn't agree with that but they got theirs
cmon team #skinnyrepeal  @FoxNews @TeamCavuto
Arizona will be sending @kelliwardaz in #2018. Senators need to start standing with their constituents and repeal ACA.#ARIZONA no more #RINO
McCain and the other nay votes r pathetic/voted yay when Obama was in office. Don't give up your uphill battle. They truly don't work for us
And if they do spend it in their community . You also have to look on how rich people file, partnership, s corp etc.  It wouldnt stagnate
Liked what you said about complete repeal of OBAMA CARE.
We need a different Health Care Plan.
We'll try to send you some better colleagues in 2018 cause the ones you have to work with now are a freakin joke. #2018primaries
Cut taxes? We shouldn't have to pay taxes! Are you willing to cut your staff down to five(5) ppl? Let's start cutting staff from u liars.
Good luck Rand.
Great interview!  If it was 2026, you'd get my vote.
Nice try, Senator Paul. Keep trying. It will happen. Repeal!!!
You said "we all work for people who are richer than us", not true. Politicians work for us and most are richer than those you serve.
With you on healthcare ,,not on taxes . Reagan model was flawed because rich people , don't always spend money in us.
Disappointed in Sen Repubs and Repubs in general. Could not pass a potato. The people are disgusted. We will pay dearly if this is not done.
Foxygen it's for idiots
A little more warning next time! :-)
What about HEALTHCARE????
Tell Team Cavuto he's so anti-Trump, he's unwatchable.
I can get that NeverTrumper stuff all day on CNN or ABC etc.
Are you happy now??? You got your vote and it was a no. Stop complaining and be a party player for once!
Tune into America and Repeal Not Replace Obamacare. Do it now and end this problem. We are hurting out here.
Please send me the Senator's name's and addresses so we can send them our medical bills. Get these lazy people off Medicaid
Please crush the Globalists
Thank you for trying. I am afraid the Republicans just gave away the majority in the next election. Stay true.
again, thanks for continuing the fight Senator!   #wewillsendbettercolleagues
Senator tell your friends, the @realDonaldTrump Party is going to #vote you all out, Republicans and Democrats alike. #DrainTheSwamp
You guys didn't get it done Rand
@RandPaul for predo 2024n
Good job today Rand!!
My health care is not bad why can't all Americans have HC like mine?
We need either well-funded high risk pools, reinsurance tax credits or subsidies OR Stabilization Funds to protect pre-existing conditions!
Absolutely pathetic. I f**king hate these lying two-faced politicians.
You the man Rand! #StandWithRand
Thanks for your hard work
Your Going To BE REPLACED with NEW  A NEW REPUBLICAN Blood To replace you to STAND UP with POTUS n US your GONE
Wait, Rand knows what he's doing. Chill out and let this health care bill play out
Nope Had Enough with it they have had Enough They Threw it Under the Bus n CantStand Together it's All about the $$n Not 4 US time 4 change
Didn't they have 7 years to come up with a plan? Why rush now?
Will you discuss your desire to remove healthcare for millions of Americans?
It would be WONDERFUL if the House & Senate committees looked into 
https://twitter.com/_sirtainly/status/841367699439669249 …
THIS. 
OMG ANY DAY NOW!!!!!
Phonies all of them, and LEADERSHIP IS ALL IN ON THIS SHOW!! Americans WILL REMEMBER COME PRIMARY TIME AND NEED BE, general election time!!!
Nope

There he is!  The saboteur!
I sure will dude! Awesome man!
I actually won't, on a plane. Sooooo bummed rn!
how about not
