Thank you Senator. 
You're one of the few GOP senators not only being honest but honoring your campaign commitments.
When you get sick, I expect you to pay 100% of the cost, whether you have the money or not. That means no bankruptcy either.
What are you talking about?  Hyperbole much
You have no idea what hyperbole means, do you? Typical conservative who wants services but refuses to pay for them. Very Christ-like.
No I don't rely on others to pay my way . It's called personal responsibility. Nothing is free .
When a child is born with a birth defect to a middle class family, they should go bankrupt providing care? How is that responsible?
Most middle class people have hcare through work. Or previously before Ocare could at least buy catastrophic ins so thy wouldn't be bankrupt
Premiums will go up, will not cover prexist and not guaranteed with this bill. Try again.
Repeal it all! We gave you majority of house and senate, we gave you Trump. So do what you said. It will be appreciated.
"Screw the sick! Screw the poor." Sounds like good Christians to me.
How did we all survive without Obamacare? lol
By allowing the sick to get sicker, bankruptcy, ER visits. HC as we know it did not exist until an act of Congress.
I'm in Virginia with Kaine and Warner. I'm adopting @RandPaul as my Senator. Keep fighting for full repeal sir. Thats what was promised.
Yes, by all means allow HC to regulate itself from lifetime cap rules, preexisting conds and oversight. Free market will not work.
Why doesn't someone go after the Health insurance companies and ask why they charge so much?
That's not capitalism.
Well regulate it then. Just because it's capitalism doesn't make it right. Our health is a gift from got. Not from a form of government.
Health care and insurance companies seem like a criminal enterprise. 
They are. It is a racket.
I STAND WITH RAND.
And you stand against the sick and poor. And Jesus.
That is a lie proven over and over - unregulated corporate take-over of any industry leaves average Americans poorer & sicker & corps fat.
Paul is lying.
Good grief!
claiming the capitalism will reduce our health insurance premiums is a lie. Saying Medicaid isn't getting cut is a lie.
Was not health insurance cheaper BEFORE the government got involved?
No, it was more expensive. Do your homework.
You are kidding, right? Premiums WERE anywhere from $200.00 to $400.00 per month with $2,000.00 deductible.
NOW premiums are $1,000.00 AND UP with $5,000.00 and UP deductibl!  How is THAT cheaper?
When the law went into effect the premiums went down, except that fake policies that didn't cover anything couldn't be sold any longer.
Glad you carefully examined impact of healthcare plan & openly offer solutions.  Just hope when all said and done you unite with co-workers.
@hectormorenco @RandPaul Full repeal
REPEAL
Why not just do what you promised?
Rand Paul is one of the few politicians in the US that makes any sense at all. Almost all the rest are just out for themselves.
exactly!  We don't want obamacare 2.0
Good to see Rand Paul getting some real airtime on this.
Regulations aren't the problem. Underlying medical costs are. Hospitals, doctors, ins. execs, all in the supply chain
Bravo, Mr. Brown
#StandWithRand @senrobportman We want Rand Paul bill! https://www.paul.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/ObamacareReplacementActSections.pdf …
Rand Paul is a sell out. Get gvmt out of healthcare when did they ever do anything better or cheaper? Never, that's when.
It would be helpful to have @RandPaul 's understanding of the bill.What 10 regs are still in the bill?
Repealing ONLY 2 out of 12 regulations of Obama care is a FAR cry from what @realDonaldTrump promised us. Let Obama Care Die or REPEAL ALL
Love hearing a rich white boy blather about how he hates to see the bottom 99% get healthcare.
Regulations and taxation are killing the U. S.:
https://youtu.be/-GE92yrGjtI 
Then do what the president suggests. Total repeal then work on replacement you goof!
What does this do for the people on medicare, they work pay into and still cant afford medical service and meds. That just isnt right.
You guys could have had him for President!
Thanks for having rand Paul on! He's founding father material... It's a medical Monopoly, prices need 50+% reduction.
Where were the GOP Senators when Pres. Nixon signed into law in 1973 to make Healthcare a FOR-PROFIT business entities? Previously nonprofit
Republicans underestimated us earlier. We said repeal.  We mean repeal. McConnell/Ryan - time to listen and act accordingly.
I agree with Paul. The way the republican has the bill is just like Obama care. Let's just repeal Obama care. It's unconstitutional.
Thank You Paul
Is it possible under reconciliation? The threat of a Democrat filibuster limits the Republican Congress on this issue.
Why don't they listen to your plan Senator Paul! @you are a Doctor and you would know more than anyone how to fix the HC SYSTEM!!
Softball questions for this nut job.
Republicans are finding out that  they can't make their plan better than obamac
Fix it, don't make it worse.  Do your job.
#StandWithRand
He right get rid of it replace it
It would be a victory if somehow the USA legalized selling affordable catastrophic health insurance again. #Obamacare decided against that.
u r 1 of the most uncaring & insensitive ppl on planet.U call urself a physician.license/degree doesn't mke it so
@katiecouric Regulation in the Comfortable Hug Act means just being regular.
So shut up & fix it, this is not black & white. You have time to go on TV but no time to do your damn job. If your'e right convince others!
That's sort of the point of going on TV isn't it?
Regulations and mandates are at the heart of the matter. Don't tweak Obamacare repeal it lock stock and barrel. No excuses anymore.
There you go. Foresee were breeder and TRADITIONAL. BTW, is that eyebrow & eye shadow?
Ridiculous lie
Not if they are for consumer protection. Otherwise, go 4 it.
Give us the facts and not some general statement that means nothing.
Sen. Paul : Why are US health care costs are twice that of other countries and on Sach's solution?
Tax cuts for rich, health cuts for poor.
Why do tax payers have to subsidize other people's insurance? Go after insurance companies & medical field to lower costs
Trump likes Rand & challenges.  Look for @realDonaldTrump to create a 2 tier system with generous Medicaid/catastrophic & free market insur
Senator you wasted your time this morning talking to CBS. They are all Obamacare cheerleaders.
Your cats are lonely. Let the adults talk.
@660KSKY please show this to your current guest host. This bill is CACA and needs to go down in flames.
Are you a Democrat Senator?
They need to listen to you!!!!!?
More regulation equals higher price is a simplistic argument that often failed when applied practically.
We need an opt out. The people can come with a better plan than this and should be allowed to #Freedom
An opt out to regulation is anarchy and not acceptable for government. You don't get to opt out of government. Go see Somalia for case study
When they deregulated Wall Street activities prior to 2008,it worked out well -- what could possibly go wrong with deregulating health care?
The financial crises was a result of gov pushing subprime loans. True deregulation like the airline industry = success!
You are an anti Trump sore loser. This opposition to the new health care bill will seal your defeat in the next election.
Repeal
What regulation raises premiums how?
Then why hadn't you in the past eight years come up with a "perfect" plan and worked your ass off to educate others? Get on board or go home
Put congress on it. If it's not good enough for congress - then explain why it is for the people?? If you can - and I don't think you can.
Wow--may be the first time ever that Big News has presented the other half of the Obamacare argument.
Are you  kidding me? They've had nothing but Reps on for weeks. Who are you watching. Dems cldnt get airtime if their lives dep on it
Just do your Job and get it passed
Yeas, by all means screw the poor, elderly and kids.
Oh please ,go take a nap or something
Repeal the DAMN OBAMA CARE, 
THEN THE DEMOCRATS HAVE TO COME TO THE TABLE AND VOTE FOR A NEW PLAN
"We can't reach Mad Max anarcho-capitalism if we keep these pesky rules around. Don't you want to experience the Thunder Dome? I know I do"
Yea, let's just continue on the road of a socialist takeover with single payer  Further disconnect the consumer and provider! WOO SOCIALISM
We need universal healthcare like the rest of the industrialized world.  Take care of your people.
@RandPaul  The party of one!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Get over your dogmatic belief in free market health care. It. Does. Not. Exist.  Try legislating from a basis in reality, not philosophy
Why should healthcare be legislated.Why should we ask for permission?They work for us The more entities you have evolved the higher the cost
You've had 7 years to formulate a replacement for ACA.  Why do you not have a coherent health care plan? #poorplanning
THE NATIVE AMERICANS STANDING ROCK SACRED GROUND. OREGON LEVOY WAS MURDERED BY THE FBI &OREGON POLICE OFFICER'S NEED 2 B PROSECUTED
Precisely. Economic competition drives down prices.
Let Rand Paul get insurance from the pool & use "the market" to get best price when he's having a medical emergency & needs immediate help.
If they were forced to use their ACA Ins. it would begin to look totally different. All Ins. companies would offer coverage at a fair market
price! Pre-existing conditions would be covered, no one could be turned away! Premiums would be affordable and deductables would be
within a persons budget! Medicade would be available for people that REALLY needed it. That is Children and the Elderly & Disabled,
until they reached Medicare age! All need to remember the old saying - 'There But For The Grace Of God Go I' 
Paul Ryan needs to go!
Senator you are turning into a obstructionist, might as well be a frigging Democrat!
REPEAL !!!!!!
Fix not repeal sounds like your trying to do your job. Good
Go Rand Paul!
The American people deserve the same coverage that our congressional leaders have are we less of a citizen because we're not there?
Get government AND insurance OUT of healthcare!
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
POINT 7: CBO lays blame for the insurer exit largely with Trump.   In fact... 12 
Does the GOP ever consider just fixing the things they claim are wrong with the ACA?  Of course not, can't leave Obama's name anywhere.
Only Susan Collins as far as I know.
Yes, I agree. And I truly hope Democrats and Republicans can come together and work to improve ACA. https://twitter.com/senatorcollins/status/879471862694256641 …
Get over it your ridiculous bill will never pass.
Levoy was murdered by the FBI AND OREGON POLICE OFFICER'S the Hammonds still n prison obama sent National Guard to Oregon illegally kill him
obama sent National Guard to Boston Massachusetts to take citizens weapons that they legally bought. Obama should be in prison for that
