Let me put it to you this way Senator. We need to take care of each other not just our own interests. But you can call it whatever you want.
So why don't you do it instead of leaving it to the bureaucracy? I'm sure you do a much better job than bureaucrats ever could. Moral hazard
People care for people by their nature. You don't need any power to take that privilege away from you.
Then why are we addicted to greed? Ask the haves, then ask the have nots. Disparity of wealth is startling! Compassion is not a privilege.
On the gap, one word:
Protectionism
It's amazing how quickly we forgot that bailed out banks paid their CEOs bonuses. Central power takes care of their own, rep&Dem alike.
While people suffered and got less, big govt rewarded those at the top. To me, this is a symptom of central power, a prereq for socialism.
Socialism => Central power => cronyism. The gap has grown since progressive era began, in Wilson's admin. American colonialism did too.
With so many examples of failed socialist societies around the world, how can anyone support it?
Have you traveled outside the US? With all of the successful democratic socialist civilizations world-wide, how can anyone reject it?
Democratic Socialism is a fake term. Ex: Venezuela is socialist, Sweden is not.
Systems have human factors that can lead to success or failure. Integrity drives success, so you're right. We wouldn't meet that test.
But everything that falls outside a black&white narrative isn't "fake," simply because you don't like it.
Just look at Obamacare as an example. The next step is full control. Then control of insirance companies. Then control of doctors on and on.
Some things should never be driven by chasing the profit of a free market. It is a conflict of duty.
So what you're saying is free market makes people heartless & only gov can control evil doctors? Yet both are made up of just people.
America has long accepted forms of socialism: shared public roads, police/fire depts, Social Security, Medicare/Medicaid, food stamps, etc.
What do you mean? We always done it, therefore keep doing it?
Yes.  Keep doing what has helped to build such a great country.  Socialism fills in capitalism's gaps, and it has many.
One Gap: violence and coercion of a central Power? No thanks. Don't need all those gaps filled
The leaders in socialist countries become the Rich and everybody else is pour it happens every time just look around
For example Vladimir Putin Is it really the richest man in the world

What about corporate socialism, which the Republican party loves so much?
True

What is appealing about Socialism? If you're knowledgeable, have a real job and pay taxes then there's nothing attractive about it.
Until you lose your job, or get sick, or have kids, or have a life and then it's incredibly valuable
That is your problem not other people make good decisions eliminate most problems
Well, let me think . . . . You mean America's fire departments should be privatized? Rome's been there, done that--Marcus Licinius Crassus.
Yes, @chester_ward 
 Funny how the most obvious things seem to turn up in the Classics. @RandPaul is being selectively ignorant on purpose.
I agree... now support our elected President or you will have to go back to your old day job.
People in countries in Scandinavia are much happier than people here. Happy to pay a little more to help their fellow humans.
Seeing a ROI for your tax dollars makes people happier than having it disappear into corporate bailouts & grotesque military overgrowth.
Who is advocating full on socialism?  Socialized medicine has proven effective in other countries. Using slippery slope logical fallacy.


We have been, your faux republicans aren't...America first doesn't mean sell us out-stop DACA, repeal Obamacare & build the wall
Socialism has never worked! There is nothing appealing about it except to lazy unimaginative people. Protect our democracy!
GOP & Conald, et.al. should give up the idea that oligarcy is capitalism.
 When capitalism is just, oligarchy & aristocracy are not possible
True.
And you're one of them if you support dreamers or DACA. We The People don't compromise with our Constitution or Laws.
I'm with you brother but sometimes you need to use a little persuasion even if it means civil war it's coming and it's to late to stop it
No. We should reject the idea of libertarianism and the exploitive nature of capitalism.  A new kind of socialism is exactly what we need.
How much is your salary again??? Tfoh
Reduce social programs here, end the wars, and my salary would increase by 25%, would make living paycheck by paycheck a lot easier...
As long as he is paid by the government, I don't think there is much room to argue against socialism
1/ Being paid by the government for working for the government has nothing to do with socialism. Any political system other than anarchism
Could you develop a thought of your own or maybe not
Yes, I think memes should be protected by the first amendment, guarantee you that's me speaking for myself
What appeal would that be DR.? Sounds like something Sanders would say.

Duh 
#HurricaneHarvy victims should definitely reject federal funds. They may seem helpful, but it's clearly a sinister socialist plot.
Absolutely
People have a right to food-healthcare-security.
If the government is going to allow great wealth, and great poverty, then they have a duty.
When the full clout of the government is used to suppress wages for low-paid workers, they must act and vote in their own interests.
When the people are powerless to stop corporations from poisoning their water, air and food, the government has a role.
The government does the poisoning.
Actually, they should reject the false appeal of free-market capitalism and libertarian anarchism.
Yeah. As you type that on a cell phone or computer. Brought to you by free market capitalism. Unless you're a loser with an Obamaphone.
Please inform Sen. Paul you were my choice for potus. Please help the potus with reform we need you.
Think Rand's great Dad=more intellectual activist than Politican. Rand has both traits, so hope u r right. If yes, 2024=VP for Pence or more
Love Rand but his foreign-policy is mostly what will prevent him from being elected president.
Probably True, Trump said one thing to him and it was over. He ran like a dog hit by a rock. Pardon the pun.
The party that is pushing free stuff for everyone has an easier sell than those that don't.


Well said. Yours, or did someone else create the grid?
Not mine
Strong NO to socialized medicine
Why republican has not go anywhere
People should stop buying it,  but people high up should stop selling it.  Do something about that.
"The Road to Serfdom" should be required High School reading.
This Capitalist is preparing to remove all Socialist from Public Office on November 6, 2018 and again in 2020, 2024. As long as it takes!
Rand, Rand, Rand...capitalism and free enterprise never advocated nor imagined that leaders would let the 1% have so much, others so little
U NEED 2 PRAY CONFESS & REPENT,GOD HAS GIVEN U a HEALING MINISTRY as an MD,HE also GAVE U D MINISTRY 2 PROCLAIM PEACE!&UNITY
you mean state socialism in #America, aka corporate socialism, right?
Then maybe we should demand Washington not supply ang relief to TX. After all it's just another form od socialism.
The challenge is knowing the definition of socialism.
Another brilliant idea
REJECT BAIL REFORM!! It only hurts communities!
SB10 BAIL REFORM Listen to what VICTIMS are saying.
Vote all career politicians out they have had enough time to do right by the American people and they have failed!! Trump for 8!
This is the lefts goal since the days of FDR
About time US Senator speaks out publicly. Socialism is bad b/c it's condescending, inefficient, & immoral. What took you U so long Senator?
Amen.  A voice of wisdom.
This is why I voted for you!
How about instead of telling people what they should do, you should actually do what you tell people you will. And to think, I like you.
Rand Paul should reject thoughts of being President.
Socialism has appeal?
Just remember that the antifa was used to propel Hitler into power Looks like they are trying it again
But it won't given what it's told daily. Hourly.
Socialism is the beginning of Communism. 100+million dead since 1900 at the hands of their own  totalitarian  government
SOCIALISM = COMMUNISM. COMMUNISM GOES AGAINST EVERYTHING OUR CONSTITUTION STAND FOR - FREEDOM.
You do know you are really just a selfish little wienie, right?
America should reject you.
Gaslighting bot.
@GOP @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @RandPaul PROFOUND PAUL...get back to D.C. and PASS REPEAL-TAX REFORM-WALL BUILD & DEBT-CEILING-LAZY ASS GOP
What appeal of socialism? In terms of healthcare it works. Making. Repub Cronies doesn't
Play the game, Rand.  How much of the government is attempting to take the power from the people?

http://www.ocregister.com/2017/06/11/californias-descent-to-socialism/ … California’s descent to socialism; How socialism morphs into feudalism 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Robert-Minor-Dee-Lighted-1911.png … 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Robert-Minor-Dee-Lighted-1911.png … Wikipedia hasn't memory holed this yet.
You are a great man please keep up the fight against Socialism.
https://twitter.com/wakoppa/status/902975524972191750 … Socialism = Wall Street Bankers.
1911 cartoon; Karl Marx; Wall Street financiers: George Perkins, J.P. Morgan, John Ryan John D. Rockefeller  Andrew Carnegie Teddy Roosevelt 
So you support NO GOVERNMENT AID to rebuild Houston? You are almost as vile as @DineshDSouza
Socialism? As always you miss the direction for the lack of better words and thoughts. Economic equality, not economic elite you protect!
M Thacher, socialism is great until you run out of other people's money
Bye Felicia.
Drop the dog whistle rhetoric and just focus on issues.
Socialists, like fascists need to invent an enemy to hate en masse. Sadly some of them never grow out of this puerile state of mind.
From everyone as to their ability.
To everyone as to their needs.
Who disagree with this?
Not me, but I have no ability and I am very needy.
CapitalismProtectsPrivate Property,need an effective and positive way,socialism halfway to Communism no pvt property https://ebooks.adelaide.edu.au/m/marx/karl/m39c/ …
Show us your moral values.
It's been 200 years, when is the US supposed to be moving toward socialism.  Dream world
More FIRE 
Socialism is when your government no longer works for you and you work for it. It is legal slavery plain and simple.
Those darn miserable Scandinavian slaves could tell ya all about it, I'm sure.
It's the only way forward! Capitalism has failed and is eroding our country and society
Thank you for ALL your hard work!
So what do you suggest more of the same!
America should reject Donald Trump #RESIST #RejectTrump
Ur Senate brothers feel opposite @SenateMajLdr @SenJohnMcCain @JeffFlake @SenatorBurr @SenateGOP 

Just shake my head day after day
Erik corporate America be fixing the roads,  bridges,  infrastructure??? Asking for a friend.
Amen to that! Start teaching about its history & the ills of Socialism/Communism in high schools & universities; kids are being duped!
ALWAYS  & FOREVER
We do not want socialism
Water is wet. Rand Paul is right. Both are scientific constants.
Then we need to get rid of antifa
Then show us why Capitalism works. Seems it only works for 5% or so. Make it worthwhile first, then Socialism will be irrelevant.
@Utherjohn 
If you want socialism go to Venezuela.  Find out what bartering for toilet paper is like. Or check out Argetina and Iva Perone
If we wanted vulgar Fascism we would have voted for Trump.
You can't come up with an answer so you talk b.s. pathetic liberals. Educate yourself on  socialism.
 Doesn't matter about Trump
We did when, we elected DJT. Thank you for what you do, Sir. You help to keep things...On Point. Your nation needs you, Senator Paul.
When will you reject the false teenage-boy appeal of Libertarianism?
Excellent essay! Perhaps the appeal of socialism is all the money a politician can skim off the people & government.
Americans need policies of principles and not  policies of circumstances therefor we need politicians with convictions and sens of dignity.
Take a look at Venezuela!!
The Americans don't hire a politician to fulfill his fantasies or ease his rapport with rich at the expense of the Americans.
So far most of the politicians hired by the Americans are working against the interest of Americans this need to be changed ASAP.
The Americans should reject on one block almost all the republicans and reevaluate the criteria for hiring a politician.
Please pass tax reform and then get health care done too.
Amen  please run for potus next round
The milliniuals are a special kind of stupid and are to absorbed in themselves to even begin to think socialism through!
For need> for profit. What's disparaging about that?
Yes, and that is why the police need to be militarized and have the same weapons as Antifa and crowd dispersal weapons as used in Europe.
Hard to do when we spend nearly 1,000,000,000,000 a year on war and insurance companies deny sick people
After all, socialism has created jobs, pays your salary, and has made the interstate system across this land, but who cares, right?
Everyone is suddenly a socialist when there's a catastrophe. AS IT SHOULD BE.
Rand where do you think you stand?
he is black, that is what I put up with for 3 yrs  dont care about the color of ones skin just didnt like his policies-Socialism/Globalist
we are a hybrid society! socialism plays a big part. stop the labels B/S you are way more intelligent than that.
that is when i was called a racist for the 1st time because i went against Obama & his policies on FB... that i just didnt like him because.
For instance we don't want the free market ensuring food safety, building our highways or running the fire departments.
I did all during Obamas reign, Thats why you the left in meltdown mode. Nothing in life is free except love & the air we breath.   1
Check out "selective socialism". This is where those who lose out in a capitalistic market still get the services they need for survival
Here's how.....
Paul!!!  Here's the BEST WAY to avoid the dreaded SOCIALISM while FIXING OBAMACARE.
Let the free market take care of TX?
Right!!! That's the LIE from the LEFT!!
Um, last I checked, we ARE
True! But they also should reject a corpocracy, who want capitalism for themselves and socialism for everyone else.
Especially Bernie
U R trying 2 scare people. We need single payer health care. Only then would health insurance & pharmaceutical companies fall in line
Agree
Yes, so then get the senators together and repeal something!!!
And many need to be taught that Progressivism IS Socialism. We have lots of Progressives in both parties too!
And it should also reject the false appeal of liberatarianism.
@FoxNews @BBCWorld @BBCBreaking @immigrant4trump @RedNationRising @POTUS  @HouseGOP @SenateGOP WORK is man's BEST FRIEND. Paul Rand MAGA
The issue is that people have been trained to assume that anything other that unregulated cutthroat capitalism is Super Scary Socialism™.
Rand, you're promoting socialism with your "criminal justice reform" via Senator Harris. Develop a consistent message and get real.
Socialism only works in two places: Heaven... and hell where they already have it. -Reagan opposed Medicare in 1961:
Where did you come from
All great civilizations have fallen from within, it's just history. Sadly I feel this one is not different.
That's from absence of integrity, greed & hunger for power by a few, in ANY govt structure we have ever tried as humans. Corruption ends us.
In this case it's actually the opposite: too much privilege and opportunity.
Wonders what happens when we have capitalism with no democracy. 
need to designate ANTIFA a terrorist group, have fbi and doj review if any affiliates should also fall under this designation. BAMN etc
If you're so afraid of socialism then mayb u better make sure capitalism works for all of us not just corps&wall st.Sys gets replaced otherw
How disgusting you are talking  politics when TX and LA are suffering!!! Why don't you help?!
COMING TO AMERICA 'WINTER IN MOSCOW' , BY MALCOM MUGGERIDGE...185 MILLION KILLED.
Based off what Libertarians consider socialism to be, every first world country is a socialist country.
Are you and McCain going to get in the way of tax reform like you did with repeal and replace? 8 years and you had nothing to work with.
We need to spell out why in detail.  Proponents don't know history or assume they will be in the ruling class.
And the radical alt right now running the country
Agreed. And congress should reject the false appeal of partisanship
Keep your focus on taxes and infrastructure. Campaign on your own time.
This is not a false appeal it is the Platform of the Democratic Party its there for everyone to see Actions speak louder than words
Amen! What are people thinking? Venezuela, Cuba all the countries w/socialism people dying/starving?
Rand u're a servant of Socialists if you don't get behind POTUS. Senate & House at stake in 2018. GET TO WORK, & VOTE YEA to Trump agenda.
Bet those people in Houston are loving socialism right about now.
Call it like it is, 9 it is communism!
All the despotic totalitarian regimes started as Socialists govts - Hitler, Lenin/Stalin, Mao, Castro, Hugo....
More Takers than Makers will make the reckoning interesting.
Great!  Repeal 0care then
"1984" happened because of the powerful media = the eternal Big Brother
finely something  intelligent out of your mouth
Name one positive thing of capitalism? It's super great for the 1%, yeah great concept!!!!
It's called communist creep. Know your history.  First we have a fascist government then we become like the old USSR..We've already given up
You tell them Rand!
There is no appeal of socialism, false or otherwise, only the lies and ignorance of socialism.
Paul stop fair mongering about how "socialize medicine" will turn the US and Western Europe into Communists regimes
Why? To embrace Corporateocracy the way our Congress and Senate do?
amen
Nothing is appealing with socialism.
It's people like you with scare tactics that want the people to believe that anything that start w/ "social" is bad, NOT TRUE. Compromise
We need institutions that protect the less privileged (usually the most) against the abuse & greed of  some that kidnap the power.
Well that my friend we can agree on.
America MUST reject the false appeal of socialism
I respect your thinking and your sincerity, but I don't buy the slippery slope argument that you make here.
I can't even fathom the appeal of #socialism in the first place. Are people so easily persuaded to surrender their #liberty to bureaucrats?
First dum them down with poor education and mindless entertainment , then make them follow you into the pit. Will it work?
@RandPaul you proposed an increase of 190B for defense. Should we stop funding the military with taxpayer money and have a private military?
Yeah, the profit based medical care system in the US is so successful.
NOT.
We should understand where the market predictably fails, too. We need checks and balances between market power and govt power.
We don't want #socialism but we do want our #democraticinstitutions including our #freepress #preserved . @CNNPolitics
Oh, so let's get rid of the military, police, fire fighters, public schools. . . .

What about Fascism sir?
As opposed to what? Capitalism hasn't helped me or the working class at all.

Should we let the free market fix all the #HurricaneHarvy damage? Asking for a friend.

YES, N. Kruschev said: "We will take America without firing a shot ...We do not have to invade the US - We will destroy you from within...”

Stand with Rand. Socialism never works for long. " You always run out of other people's money." Merit based competition is key to growth.
Must drain the swamp first.
Questanble
And where is this 'false appeal of socialism' coming from Senator? How about rejecting making the rich richer with your proposed tax cuts?
Doesn't any1 ever learn from history??
You & we should be rejecting Trump.
