I like Rand, but the only real replacement is the free market! But I'm a realist and understand politicians!
So Why then are politicians entitled 2 govt healthcare that they have
Paul says " People With preexisting Conditions  are protected for 2 years only"
if pre-existing is not covered,  you have nothing.
true because most people have preexisting conditions
would be easier/better to pass w/ more protections of pre-existing conditions. Even w/ shitty O'Care it's difficult
Preexisting conditions not a job for insurance. Lower costs enough and all conditions easier to afford.
, EXPLAIN that one!
Insurance risk pooling is for unexpected costly events.
Once risk has materialized (think fire insurance for house already on fire) it's ongoing cost.
For ongoing costs, best to bring all prices down, like we do for food: thru competition.
Layers between consumers & providers (employers insur state & fed) add cost & obscure prices.
This is the best health plan I've seen. Thanks for including supplements, exercise & weight loss.
Hi,
Visit http://www.ToneUpWorkout.com?n5r41ToneUpWorkout.com/?n5r41  To Watch Daily Home Fitness Workout Videos & Melt Away Several Pounds Of Body Fat
Like the opening up of the market and  HSA/tax changes, but how does it address the rising cost of health care?
, OMG, it takes is going to cost us so much more,  it is horrendous!  Leave ACA alone.
BRILLIANT!  How quickly can this get done?
, are u kidding me?
, will there be a removal of "fines" for not having coverage?  My 75 yo mom is fined because she did not have script
Your 75 year old Mom should be on Medicare,  which I might say, costs and arm/leg for supplement
she is.  She was charged for not having a prescription plan.
Ran Paul says "I Need My Govt care and I NEED to be protected as a patient"
A doctor created a plan. So this shouldnt get shit on right?
, he has no credentials,   check it out.
thank you Rand for always fighting for us and protecting our constitution.
How did he do that?
Great ideas!
nobody's interested in your plan your a dentist who doesn't play well with others why would any body look at it
, a dentist with false credentials.
I read the whole plan and I like it! Well done sir!
Really So  where are the patient protections and standards of care
Those already exist elsewhere. You need to do some research.
Paul's plan if u are diagnosed with Condition 2 years after sign up THOSE CONDITIONS not covered
You obviously can't read. If you have already signed up then you don't need the two years!
if you are diagnosed with cancer in 2 years and 1 day Rand Paul says 2 bad so sad
yeah Rand PAul has GOVT care and Patient protection 4 himself and wants Americans  to die
but it is PAUL's Fault for taking healthcare Away and ALLOWING companies 2 discriminate against preexist
I recommend that GOP not Leave People with preexisting conditions unprotected and allowed 2 die
Again Paul/GOP want to DO AWAY with Patient Protections and standards of care
What about the anti-trust exemptions for health care companies?: https://market-ticker.org/akcs-www?post=231786 …

a pos FROM a pos
GREAT! @rareliberty @Rare

Add These Solutions to Your Obamacare Replacement @RandPaul

Lowest Costs & Best Care

http://www.easyinsurancegroup.com/2016/12/best-obamacare-replacement.html …
Good stuff, but how about reducing the cost of HC in the first place? Admin'ing insurance is why cost is high.
i dont see where/if this plan addresses a max lifetime cap or having your children covered til ××age
I like the tax credits and removing mandates. Still screws those pesky "sick people". #Medicare4All is only ans
you great God bless
Good
This is a joke and won't even begin to cover actual health care expenses. We need single payer now
So insurance companies will ALL operate out of the state with fewest mandates?? Bye bye autism services.
Let's get together and agree on a plan.  Time to lead!  Get it done!
Mental Health assistance is a joke in this country & so are the M.H. benefits from ins companies  @Rare
a 2 yr window for pre-exist conditions? FFS do you not get people could fecking  die waiting?
Keep it up Dr. Paul, this is how you make allies across party lines :)
Thank you Mr. @RandPaul
I think you caring about the country
God Bless 
Ms. Tia 
@rareliberty  @Rare
If self-employed, what "pool" do I join if I have, or develop a pre-existing condition?

No portability. Again
you have a two year window. Also you are making the assumption there won’t be group plans for the public outside their employer.
this is not a replacement.  It is a joke and only acceptable if congress gets the same.
Paul says "If u are diagnosed  with a condition after a 2 year time period those Conditions ARE NOT COVERED"
Rand paul says "People with preexisting Conditions are protected  for 2 years then you die"
Rand Paul says "Americans need a life time cap MY LIFE is very precious no cap 4 my govt insurance"
Paul says "Screw people With preexisting cond, You MUST know ahead of time what you will be diagnosed with"
:No he didn't .
Rand Paul says "We Don't need Standards of care, Insurance Companies Need 2 be Rich"
Rand Paul says "Patients DON'T need Protections or standards of care What the hell is that"
Four pages. Brilliant. Can't possibly be any problems or loopholes here.
remember Rand brought back the filibuster when O first put up the ACA Dems wanted to pass it b4 reading it
go you doc!!!
COOS, but when are we repealing and torching the #NDAA and the #PatAct #LightItUp
Is this it 4 pages? where is the rest?
Selling Insurance across state lines isn't viable. No providers will accept it. Back to claim forms.
free markets drive prices down pools across state lines driving prices down He knows what he's doing
cheaper plans will cover less. Drs won't accept out of state plans. Patients stuck with forms
Insurance will take care of share holders not patients who cares about paper work
if you have out of state ins., dr will make you pay and file claims 2 b reimburse
the paperwork gets stacked mile high =  delinq bills/bad cred rating
My son changed jobs making a significant increase in pay He received notice from the IRS he owed
mor n ACA prem
My son/wife paid $6k yearly4 #Obamacare Healthy as tha r when tha needed2useit4 an MRI their copay $400
same I paid with private insurance from my employer.
Just a shame the cost of healthcare. Now my son splits his premiums with his employer at Kaiser. Results to be seen
good much to him! Somebody needs to oversee the customers interest versus hospitals prices.
U stated 2day "most of the ppl who hv gotten any kind of healthcare thru #Obamacare hv be thru #Medicade #FALSE
#StandWithRand
Obamacare Replacement Act Legislation spells out ORAL, the way to get Trumps attention, I guess
you say there is no money in Washington for state medicaid expansion. Use the Mexico wall fund.
@GoddessofGrain @RandPaul @Rare things are bleak of Randy is out in front of this
@AlexisinNH @RandPaul @Rare the o.r.a.
This was an interesting read. I would like there to be SOME public option, even if its small clinics and up to states to enact.
I just seen you on CNN. If you expect me to go without insurance! You give up your taxpayer paid insurance!
No AND rand wants lifetime caps, Eliminate patient protections and standards of care
:::changed cover page on ACA and submit:::  Dude, find a barber not located in a strip mall
I don't think it's fair to allow people to buy insurance that doesn't cover drug rehab and gender reassignment. 
Since most pertinent regulation is at the sate level,it really should be done at the state level, else bad incentives
where is it? Have heard nothing about it
is this plan number 6 or 7? GOP has had 8 years to figure this out. You all are hopeless!
So far no replacement Is in effect. More stuff to eliminate until there's no more Obama signature to cross out.
Equalizing premium tax treatment is good, but should govt subsidize health care over other spending.choices?
trump is lying to him, just watch.
How about universal Healthcare like EVERY OTHER MAJOR COUNTRY ON THE FUCKING PLANET?
Universal Healthcare!!!!!
They must listen to you!
One of the few who seems to be concerned with a working replacement. Good on you for doing something, anything

Probably because Cruz it wouldn't pass.
YEP
