Rand Paul's work with Jim Jordan that called for pooling insurance plans was a great idea that never got traction. wonder why?
Senator please continue your stand your ground, it seems it's only you and the President looking out for us the People.
Get rid of the ACA. It is bad for working Americans.
Here is the CBO score for the repeal plan.
Full repeal of Obama care now.
Fulfill campaign promises
Support the president
You know that means people with pre existing conditions can't get insurance, and most people without employer based insurance will lose it.
The only way insurance could be cheaper by repealing is to allow companies to sell sham policies or have huge deductibles.
Please do not bother me again. Your uninformed opinions are not wanted.
Rand Paul just remember, Ky voted for President Trump and you need to listen to the voice of the people! REPEAL Obamacare NOW!!! #MAGA
Will ALL OF CONGRESS BE INCLUDED in any legislation?
Full repeal!  No Compromise!
Full repeal, no replace of Obamacare IS FREE MARKET. We will go back to what we had B4 & also let selling of insurance across state lines
no one cuts a price on a guaranteed sale-best way to lower health care costs is get rid of the pile of money they'er all conspiring to loot-
vote to get rid of obumercare
McCarren-Ferguson Healthcare Anti-Trust exemption, MUST G0 !!! #McCarrenFergusonActMustGo
@JackBlaine3 @RandPaul no reform obomacare. Repeal obomacare. Obomacare sucks. It puts money into democrats pockets
@RandPaul Does your stomach hurt when you look in the mirror and see a person who wants to stop health care for millions of Americans?
Whose got healtcare now! Who can afford it? Who can even find a doctor, if you do the appointment is for next year!
Vote for a repeal, that is the answer.
The only answer. Absolutely no good compromise can come from Congress that has already been bought off by lobbyist!
You gotta overlook our KY Senator @RandPaul.  He is a little squirrely.
I see @RandPaul  is now a democrat we need to vote him out
Do not cut Medicare or Medicaid for our disabled, our seniors, and a lot of children that are without insurance.
Problem is lobbyist own Congress, they will not compromise! Otherwise blackmailed and no reelection funds! Please spearhead an outside team!
Yeah right. He never compromises. He's my senator, and it's getting old.
Get on the team Rand. The team supported you.
I hope you vote no on current bill. Listen to your people who got you there. This is not a good plan. Make ACA better or leave it alone.
Same .@RandPaul who served RINO McConnell & refused 2 support .@SenTedCruz fight 2 block funding of Obamacare still blocking full repeal
hey dummy we elected Donald Trump as president. Stand behind him or get the hell out of the way
Thank you Rand for having the strength of character to fight for what you believe in face of adversity. That's what real men do.
Took a moment to think about that there, didn't you, Randy?
Finally
Vote Repeal! Use $ to help us go back to Free Mkt while cutting corp and small business tax to 15%
Insurance competition works. 
No govt HC!
At least Congress has lived up to expectations.  We need them to exceed those expectations!
Love hearing the word compromise
Compromise: a coming together of opinions. A vote to Repeal's fascism disguised as a moral stand Want to save money? Work for nothing We did
Do reform based on: 1. published prices & 2. competition.  These two items work universally.  Include doctors/patients...exclude lawyers.
Congress must have the same healthcare its people have. No skin in the game.
Like the idea of buyer groups. How about this one for a group "US Citizens".  How about giving us access to US Gov't Employees plan options
Do whats best for the 90%! Compromise is the reason Americans r worse off today than anytime in our history! We need TERM LIMITS
I wish @RandPaul would propose a bill that mandated "radical" price transparency - putting prices on the internet. Who can be against that?
Thank you for doing your job!  It's about the American people
And what was promised!  The bill needs to be good for everyone!
Good.   #maga
How can you do anything when your negotiating with swamp rats alias career establishment puppet politicians

Any compromise should have no exemptions.  Including house and senate members.
No pork!  Muslims hate pork!  Besides, you have not been serving the American people! Cut taxes and we'll pay for our own health care!
#Rand Paul
Stand tall
Stand strong
Full repeal of Obama care now
Fulfill campaign promises
Happy to see someone has enough spine to stand up and fight for what's right.
To replace: create a third-world style healthcare system that births babies, does the basics, nothing fancy: a system the poor can afford.
This is it Rand! After this, Healthcare bills are going to the Democrats. It gets no more Conservative than this. U'll be blamed for it. 
Just vote for it Rand. You aren't going to get enough votes for a full repeal so its a mute point. Next election primary the RINOs & do full
IF U HOLD THIS BILL UP&MAKE US ALL SUFFER .WE WILL NOT FORGET.U NEED COMPROMISE&GET ON BOARD!!
Rand Paul is always no no no on everything. It's his way or the highway at the expense the middle-class. Nothing but an obstructionist loser
How about working with the best interests of the American people not big business or the rich.
Repeal and replace before it's too late to do something about it. We r gonna get stuck with obamacare
How about just expanded HSAs and insurance across state lines? Simple enough start!
I think you have one of the better plans that must be included in what ever is the finished product
Compromise? JUST #REPEAL the stupid AHCA and leave it alone! We have too much government in our lives as is! #LessGovernmentIsGood
Fight to repeal and replace Obamacare. 
A no vote is a yes vote for Obamacare. If you can't you should resign. 
Stop resisting.
If Obamacare stands and Dems get control we will get single payor first chance they get and that is the deathnail to our country
Voting for best you can get and getting a robust economy will give you leverage to further fix healthcare and fix the big issues facing us
Repeal! Repeal! Repeal!  Do your job!
Sen paul you have chance to become the new leader in the senate but voting no and killing trumps economic plan is not going to get us anywhe
It's imperative Sen Paul that you fight but in the end ensure a bill is passed and live to fight another day because without a vote we dead
No compromise.  #FullRepeal #Obamacare #Liberty #FreeMarkets #Freedom .@RandPaul
#StandWithRand
Rand I like you but you are not leading others to create a good healthcare plan
My plan is feasible and better
Upcoming bill Don't make millions of people loose their health coverage. Doing so will harm your constituents&the rest of the nation #voteNO
Thank you Sen.Rand Paul.  The voice of reason.
I have stated before support our President, let's get this health care done, even if swallowing your pride to do something for the people.
Bite size pieces! Repeal in pieces
Repeal ocare now you promised
Vote to get rid of ACA and government stay out of health and give back to free market.
Rand Paul, YeahThank You  OBUMMER CARE Bye Bye
What's the problem Senator, citizens aren't capable of picking our own health care?
Welfare is imploding and will double the defense budget
@LouDobbs Rand Paul is a typical selfish politician.  He needs to voted out of office. Time to let some new hogs get to the trough
Do something, Senator. Don't just talk and balk
Talk about selling out. One minute he's against it, because not full repeal. The next, he'll vote for it and defends Trump's AG comments
The gOP does not want reform. They just want to kill health care & take health care away. Stop pretending, AynRandPaul.
Your compromises tax the hell out of citizens
Simple solution from 2013!!
Get 1 good thing passed, we need a win
Rand ok now get something done, soon, before it's too late!
Amen 
Don' t do it Rand, stick to Total.Repeal, if you let the Camel's.nose under the tent, it will.end very badly .
Work with Dems. to fix aca and stop getting ppl. so scared to lose there lives over health or bancrupsy. Shameful .Shameful
Let's have catastrophic coverage (inexpensive) for everyone, I.e, we're not killing anyone, and let us take care of the rest ourselves.
Please!!
#WOKE
#Accountability 
#Zero tax or a fair tax be nice living wage first than tax a man 
real living wage is 100k to anyone with a family
Repeal, repeal, repeal!!! Get government out of the health insurance business.
Sure let's go back to the way it was. High premiums no coverage for pre-existing conditions have people go back to pay health bill or rent!!
Thanks Rand you already wrecked it. Some senators have big dependent populations. You couldn't cut them a break!
CAVE!
Try fixing the healthcare plan already in place.
There should be a lot more willing to compromise.
@RandPaul has been the voice of reason throughout this process. @realDonaldTrump should listen to him.
Love you Rand!  Keep up the good fight.
Tired of the BS.  Just let it fold.
Rand Paul is acting like a leader - good for him!
#Rand Paul we support you.
Full repeal of Obama care now.
Not replace
Support the president
#45MAGAStrong
I call bullshit on you having ACA.
TY @RandPaul for standing up 4 conservative values & for compromising to support our great @POTUS @realDonaldTrump!
.@RandPaul keeps hope for health care reform alive: “I will vote for a compromise.” 
Upset at first felt you were a hold out. Ur arguments have merit. Insurance companies holding out for more handouts. You do care about us.
U better
U had ur chance Paul, now Dem's & patriotic R's will fix ACA & u, @JohnCornyn , @tedcruz & @SenToomey can go sit on a barbed-wire fence
What compromise, Sir???
NO COMPROMISE! REPEAL ONLY!  We want the same healthcare YOU get!

kii
Then stop talking about it and GO DO IT!
Too little to late?
we want government OUT of our healthcare.. REPEAL Obamacare and go away.. do not subsidize doctors, hospitals or Insurance companies.
Keep up the good fight Rand.
single payer is an excellent compromise. Stop being the first line of defense for criminal insurance companies
Yeah, sure. You'll vote for a compromise?! Easy to say now that the bill is dead. I guess you're now positioning for you're re-election bid!
He's the only one that has been consistent, agree w/him or not, he's reminding people they ran promising repeal, most voted on it in 2015
It's easy 2 stick 2 your guns when Obama was going 2 veto anyway; no consequence. Now, compromise was th only way forward - prob 2 late tho.
Runnng on & telling people we give them the congress and WH they will vote repeal so voter will vote4 them is disingenuous. Reason DT won.
Let's make Rand Paul or Ted Cruz Senate Majority Leader
Let's flush the toilet with both of them
Everyone seems to forget that the ACA was deliberately passed to sabotage the Rep party, hence all of the delayed implementation timelines.
Both sides McConnell-Ryan estab & RandPAC 2020 utopians totally a disaster for acheiving what Rep base voted for. Damage soon irreversible
RNC needs to cut off all $ to any Rep who votes no on Trump growth agenda. Sick of all these turds both estab elite as well "conservatives"
rand paul is a liar
Rand Paul has been part of the problem obstructing Trump growth agenda and empowering Dem majority 2018. He better be GOP team or get out!
@RandPaul took the A.M.A. Oath. That Oath is in his mind, not the Oath as a U.S. Senator. He is the Swamp! He is NOT for the Citizens.
Amen flush him down the toilet
Wtf is this comprimise crap grfo of here with that crap
Rand Paul..zip it
Keep playing around with Healthcare and you and your comrades in Congress are going to BLOW IT BUT GOOD. Get off your high horse.
No you won't. Your always on the other side no matter what side your on.

I hope you have
Very, very good Senator, I have a high respect for u for standing ur ground, I wish the rest would get together w u.
You have said that before and then don't.
Past time to pull the cord, it was created solely to destroy.
Hahahahaha! Funny funny funny funny funny funny funny...oops! Sooooooorrrrryyyyy....
Elitists.... If this health monstrosity is so great why are you & your families exempted?! Free Market let Charities Medicaid help NOT  Govt
Compromise: rule out male pregnancy and female sperm and end gay marriage, and support universal coverage for basic care.
Across state lines!  1 free market bone isn't too much to ask.
I heard somewhere the rep health bill does not let you buy across state lines
It doesn't.  But it's insane that the biggest cost cutting, free market competition thing they could do is left out.  We want options!

I like this Medisave plan.  As long as politicians stay out of it unlike Social Security.  The $ MUST be a locked box for medical only.
Thank you sir
alive or death  We Will See all of about 
The Cruz amendment was not included in the bill sent to the CBO.  The insurance companies call it unworkable.
That's good to hear You MUST Getz HC done
Compromise is for losers! We gave you Senate/House/POTUS & you still fail to repeal this garbage!!! Repeal Do Not Replace Free Market Works!
Free markets don't work by themselves! It allows one to trample another to get to the top leaving a need to help the bottom. We need both!
No system is perfect free market shopping across st. lines is better than thieving govt.
No compromise. Repeal.
@RandPaul, move agenda forward! Vote FOR the bill, then amend/ improve it. If you vote NO, it is really a YES vote to ObamaCare!
Move Mr Trump's agenda forward.
Full repeal of Obama care now.
Support the president
http://www.thedailybeast.com/team-trump-used-obamacare-money-to-run-ads-against-it?source=twitter&via=mobile …
Will a 'compromise' include ALL Senators that were elected for the people, or only the GOP?
Will all senators vote a compromise or just wanting another excuse to obstruct and resist by the liberal side?
@RandPaul is a traitor, i hope he is out next year
same healthcare as yours senator and paid leave
REPEAL

NEW: This story is stunning.

It uncovers the propoganda agenda HHS running against ACA-- w taxpayer money.…
Rand Paul is all mouth and no show

And more on Rand Paul's Russian connections -- http://freebeacon.com/politics/rand-pauls-russian-connection/amp/ …
Ok Rand....come with your BILL to REPEAL in full in hand and put some action to your words...@potus @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan
I want total Repeal. Start with a clean slate and do it right. Maybe you don't even replace. What, after all is Medicaid for anyway?
Rand is the complete problem here. He's hurting all Americans with his selfish act in hopes it escalates him politically, what a loser
Wasn't mean enough just totally kill it that's 33 million big enough now Paul ?
Rep Mo Brooks' HR 1718 https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/house-bill/1718/text?q=%7B%22search%22%3A%5B%22Obamacare+repeal+act%22%5D%7D&r=2 … …
We built the best healthcare system in the world with BI-PARTISAN Hill-Burton Act for 70 years. CLEAN REPEAL & build on pre ACA law
There is no such thing as pure law that's called commonest
The health care problem is like climate change. Government creates a problem that does not exist.
You wanna impress me. Take a paycut to match the average income of your home state workers. And use the ACA program only!
Compromise...pfft DC doesn't know what that word and many others mean in the English language.
so why didnt he already vote for the compromise? we'd have had it signed by now
I can't even listen to him anymore. He's always obstructing, with some bogus self-righteous excuse that gets him his television time.
He's keeping his promise. How is that a bad thing?
I'm surprised that u aren't worried about civil forfeiture ramp up, it's been abused in the past
"@RandPaul keeps hope for health care reform alive: “I will vote for a compromise.”
He's already proven to be untrustworthy.Attention junkie
Market driven health care. you fail to have insurance but go to a hospital you lose your federal tax return for that year. One body one vote
