Love you Rand but we are not at war yet. Will definitely be debated - good thing. Decisive action was necessary.
I understand u in theory but with the congress being so divided and working in individual self interest... it won't work.
It is not war... but a warning to Syria. And a targeted strike to take out their chemical storage. I like you, but I disagree w/you here.
He wanted HILLARY to win so they could continue with there pork bills for their donners. Thats what this is all about.full time thief
Self interest politicians forfeiting our Democracy over a judge appointment.we won't forget. Vote them out!Change is coming.
Leave it alone. right actions. Don't 2nd guess your complaining is getting old.
I agree with our @POTUS on this. No more leading from behind.
just when I think you're level headed, you dad pops out of you . Focus on healthcare. Your head is on track there....
Article 2 of constitution allows President to make this call
...And yet you do nothing about it except move your lips.
Age of TV disinformation Perps using chemical weapons  Assad? Saudi backed rebels? SOROS White Helmets?. why only Congress declare war.
Why are you so willfully ignoring, in it's entirety, the 1973 War Powers Act (and all subsequent legislation)! Sir, you are simply wrong.
it is time for you to get with us or retire
Mr Paul, We the People need to show strength, we aren't the savior, just the warrior!
We are the fools.
fools are someone who walks thru life blindly led, my eyes are wide open and directed by our Lord.
Is your Lord @realDonaldTrump? Or are you also capable of being skeptical of the charlatan?
Asking for a friend
Right! I'm glad you asked! It's a social commentary on how American political discourse has devolved into name-calling and blind hatred
A mockery of what we have become and where is continues to lead us.
I generally agree with you but you are terribly wrong here. @POTUS was RIGHT to strike.
So, you gonna impeach or what?
Why is it that you are suddenly a Constitutional expert..when MOST other members of Congress disagree with you? THIS time you are WRONG.
We didn't elect a Bush 2.0 neocon globalist
Rand the media blew you up saying best stick to medicine because you're way out of your league trump has every authority to attack
what's that old adage… a stopped clock…  is still a stopped clock… 
Congress must put its foot down! In another country, to fire the first bullet, drop the first bomb, you must have Congressional approval!
backing you up Rand on this.Please, speak to our President on this.
You should have been President. #RandPaul2020
You are a senator, you know this is not a declaration of war! Why are you pushing this narrative? Whose side are you on anyways?
Airbase/planes are destroyed where alleged chemicals launched. Why doesn't UN/Syria or Russia get the forensics in to prove/disprove trace?
With all d respect Senator I do not agree! President Trump did what the coward of ex President  Obama did not!!!
Sen. Paul, we take no sides on this issue other than to stand for the victims of a horrific Cem Attack.  A surgical strike is not WAR!
Rand Paul this is bullshit and you know it, congress is grid lock nothing gets done, put your big boy pants on, take the diaper off.
I think for one strike you shouldn't need congress, or where's the surprise? But I agree now Trump must show up to congress for permission
Lighten up
I don't believe that a justified message constitute a rush to war.  We all expect a rational collaborative decision.
I sent you a pic of George W Bush, touch the screen, there is a saying on it!!
Was not unconstitutional!!! Get over it whinyass baby!!
President took decisive executive action after meeting w/the King of Jordan & most likely speaking w/Netanyahu-the greatest stakeholders.
Anything to inject yourself into the spotlight Rand. You're losing credibility very quickly.
Maybe you should try and read it sometime. And Btw, the president has the approval of the very same people that elected him.
So I say this, it IS within the Presidents power to attack any country without your approval. That's constitutional,
Seeing our constitution trashed.  We elected President Trump... mostly because he was an outsider to the political establishment.
Foreign and Domestic. In Nov, Hollywood, Mainstream Media congress and the Senate were served notice that American was sick and tired of
On Oct 17th 1983 I also took an oath, to protect and defend the constitution of the United States of America against all enemies,
Senator, on Jan 4th you made a statement that you had taken an oath to protect the constitution and that you took that oath seriously.
Perhaps an appeal to the courts to rein in the executive branch is in order--not just words here.
This is why you are not President. I like you, but stick to the health care bill and leave the rest to others
Well do something about it.  I can't but you can as a senator
Rhetoric: GOP Senate/Congress sat on & played politics w/President Obama's request for Syrian AUMF.
The only thing I got to say is every time we stick our nose in the middle east things get worse over there it seems
AUMF. Obama used it to bomb Iraq & Syria and  does not require Congressional approval, AUMF has not changed, same rules apply
Don't think it's war.  I think it's a measured response sending a message.  What are your answers for murders like Assad?  Time to lead.
So it's unconstitutional is it impeachable ?
If he waits for congress to approve,we will be victims
Get over it at least he had the courage to make the call
That strike was no difference than an any other strike against ISIS or another terrorist organization. How many people must die. MAN UP
Sorry, you're wrong on this one - look at the children. Trump took a stand
There is no declaration of war here Senator. You dont have to like what @POTUS did, but he didn't need Congress to authorize it.
Beginning to think Rand Paul is bipolar or schizophrenic.
Feb 2016
Trump on Syrian children
"I can look in their faces and say
'You can't come'
I'll look them in the face"
@ARC4Freedom @FoxNews I sure hope he stops this INSANE idea 2 send nukes 2 S Korea!
DT is loyal 2 Putin & gas attack was Russia, not Assad. Distract from RUSSIA, RUSSIA, RUSSIA! Did DT order up gas attack?NEED INVESTIGATION!
So rand, what would you have done?  Out here in the real world, we say avoid congress whenever you can!
Trump isn't starting a war he's letting barbarians know that using chemical weapons on children will not be tolerated.
If he's doing something unconstitutional, do your job - stop him #impeachtrump
keep holding both parties to the rules Rand! This is what nonpartisan looks like in our leaders
At least trumps doing something, right or wrong! I wish to see our congress try that for once.
Oh rand Paul, you guys (congress) would have philabusterd and talked about it for 6 months. By then the attack would have been leaked by you
If they had proof it was from Assad, they would have shared it to avoid this.  They didn't so they don't.
I was liking you but I think I changed my mind!
If we wait on congress, they will have plenty of time to move any chemical weapons! #kentuckymustbeproud
This was not a declaration of war
Nobody is rushing to war! A message sent to Assad, Russia, Iran, Korea and the world let's them know we make the rules NOW!
Dead children don't care about your interpretation of our constitution.
Not rush to war ...please  let's not blow this out of proportion . We cannot limit our President that his hands are tied on every decision
It's quite a stretch to declare that fighting Assad means we're on ISIS's side. Actually that's ludicrous #SyriaStrikes
Paul , you are politically correct. But remember this is a new era. Less talk and more actions.
Give it Rand Paul!
You need to move your ass out of Washington and back to Kentucky. Still upset nobody wanted you as President.
Come on man..This image is all i see.  These kids didn't deserve this.  The attacks @POTUS executed were entirely justified. No more BS
I am so tired of you fighting everything President Trump does! Be part of the solution do not remain the problem!
not true, Trump is within his right to strike .
Thank you! You make a great point. "Before any act of war, we should have a serious and thoughtful debate over the ramifications." #USA
Trump's right but Paul has earnest counterpoint - Originalists only when convenient? Hwvr, only Congressional agreement is frequent recess
If you can' t agree on health care after 7 yrs, how can you agree on this? We don't have 7yrs for you & the Freedom Caucus to say no no no.
The real enemies of the US are You,Lee, & the freedom caucus. As a vet, what trump did was right. I would follow Trump into battle. Not You
US Trump violated ConstitutionArticle I, Sec8,Clause11.
That's the problem with this president!!! He does not think he has to ask congress
There is no war! Syria should not be able to use chemical weapons
Stand up for our President or sit down.  He absolutely had the authority for this action. Now u all need to plan next steps
thanks 4 being the leader we needed.
R Paul, take the blinders off. Not war, Syria has been at this for 6 yrs, thanks to the last guy in the WH. Time this sh:t stopped
Where did you hear Trump declare war on Syria? This was a moral action to punish a war crime upon innocent people.
Get real, will you!!!! Do you need some1 to put the switch on for you guys to take action? Pres quick action needed. Stop the BS!
What should he do? Bring it to you indecisive bafoons so you can debate it and then go on your 2 week spring break while doing NOTHING! Not!
Where is your loyalty to your President? Stop weakening our congress with your words! I would never vote for you! 
so senator- what r U & other gop ass kissers going 2 do about it???
Go hide under that rock of your and be quiet. We need BACKBONE  not another dems debate from our side
Completely agree, maybe the strike was justified, but we have to go about it the right way.
Your party leader just said he'd only look into this if the president felt like he needed to. Do your job!
Senator, I appreciate you fighting the good fight.  You're just wrong on this one.  There is no "war" in Syria that didn't exist already
Curious what this administrations plan is in Syria. Simultaneously take on ISIS & Syrian/Russian/Iranian governments?@RandPaul
With all due respect, waiting for 2 years while congress debates going to war isn't going to be helpful. Anywhere.
Are you with God or devil?
The problem, @RandPaul, is that you're a  competent & conscientious member of a governing body that is unable & unwilling to govern.
So what are you going to do ... besides talk about it?
totally disagree. POTUS did exactly what he needed to.
Rand I believe the President has the authority to take military action for 90 days without congressional approval. That was day 1
Read constitution again,Senator.Only need congress approval to declare war.Trump didn't declare war.Military action doesn't need approval
It's dumb on so many levels. Oh a sad picture! Bomb Assad! Give me a break. If our @POTUS wants to bomb someone, he should start with ISIS.
Then commence impeachment of POTUS criminal activity.
Do you honestly think .@realDonaldTrump cares what you think? The #primaries didn't give you any indication of that? #WhiteHouse #politics
Can you read up on the Geneva convention???
i regret marking your name on my piece of paper Nov. 8 2016! He didn't declare war you under cover snowflake!
well reasoned.
Who's rushing to war? Just showing them we don't like them killing civilians with a banned gas!
Take your seat Randal stop trying to be relevant
Do we have proof this attack happened? Globalists have staged these "atrocities" in Syria before.
I understand what Senator Paul is saying, but Pres. Trump did not declare war on Syria. He just sent Assad a little message.
He is just upset HIS bill was overlooked.
Yep took 2 Wars to 7.
I'm normally a fan of yours, but not on this. This is not a rush to war.
Please you need to continue to separate yourself from Trump for a 2020 run on real constitutional leadership!  Don't give in!
Leave ur 2 cents home! Ur an embarrassment to our state of ky! Trump had to do what he had to do with air strike in Syria!
You are only saying this for political reasons because you are trying for another run for presidency 2020! This will backfire on!!!
What would you have done, ask Chuck & Nancy to vote on this?????
Trump was right on this one , Syria needs a real warning and they got it.
You are not alone
senator....you are beginning to become irrelevant....and losing me real fast 
Not war. Just a response to use of chemical weapons
Couldn't said it better senator... it was a rush to war.
Please, sir, just what does "hold accountable" mean? What meaningful action will be taken?
Agreed.  We should be staying out of it.  We need to stop policing the world.  Please keep resisting these terrible decisions!!
senator I think u are mistaking strikes with war......
But it was made clear we're not "going to war". It was a single attack to destroy part of an evil regimes military base.
Rush! Sorry but America has not rushed at all. Those babies were gassed. I'd say your years too late
Suck it up Rand. You are on thin ice with your no no no
By all means.Sit&discuss&watch as they gas more children& at the GOP's sense of urgency what will death toll climb to?
Lighten up Francis! This is a good thing!
We are not at war. If @potus had to consult with Congress, taken forever, someone would've leaked, then it wouldn't of been surprise attack
As your constituent, I am embarrassed by your position and comment. Fully support our commander in chief!!
and another half truth knee jerk response from the isolationist.
Easy rand let's not over exaggerate
How is it you don't see the bigger picture for National Security?  It is very concerning you don't.
Impeach the President.
Disagree, single response in this case may have helped prevent a larger war. PS...It wasn't unconstitutional. Signed...KY supporter of URS
Dude....I'm from Kentucky....and I like you....but get a grip. No one had declared war. Slow your roll....
Yup.
this is why only less than 1% voted for you
cc: @JayCaruso
Get your ego off the screen @RandPaul
Rush to war?? Airstrike to prevent more atrocities from Assad. Should POTUS have waited to ask you so the details could leak out?
I guess the whole world is wrong and Rand Paul is right again. Always some hairbrain politician throwing a stick in the spokes.
Deep breath big guy.  A couple dozen cruise missiles is not a war.  It merely a greeting card that says "don't gas your own people"
Perhaps but this feels like meddling excessively in another country's internal affairs. What happens if Syria says it was a tragic accident?
Well we should take them at their word then.  And then say, Oopsies!
Air strike was necessary and we could not wait for Congress. Congress is going on Easter break. Fix the healthcare bill we have people dying
@ Paul needs to think before speaking. His words n actions or lack thereof will follow him. @SenTedCruz @marcorubio
An air strike is not a war.
We would surely call it an act of war if a country dropped a bomb on us.  Assad didn't do this...
