but some large cities, like NY LA Chicago Atlanta Boston etc.. may require certain specific equipment that ensures safety and performance.
Not from civilians.If you want dress up like a policeman,go to the police academy Become a real policeman,not a vigilante.
By the way.  I'm sure y'all have noticed this but please note the large amount of equipment being used to save people in Houston. MRAPS etc
Relevance of?
Because it's not being utilized to hurt citizens. It's being utilized to save them.
Name one instance this occurred in America that is verifiable!!  One 
So disappointed in you Rand Paul!
We all oppose this.We also oppose a corrupt,incompetent Russian Thug puppet in the Oval http://Office.You -supported him.
WHAT?Is he building HIS OWN private #ARMY?

Hedge fund for #Impeachment  removal defense if #pardons  fail?

Why?
He opposes anything from anybody other than himself. And he reserves the right to disagree with himself.
Cant you agree with anyone
At one time I thought you had some sense I guess that's not true
#StandWithRand
Old Army hummers and other 4 wheel drive vehicles really help police during floods and snow storms
Well of course he does...go figure, him and his old man both idiots
Support our President! Support the Americans that elected him!
27 yrs. In law enforcement has proved to me you are wrong.
I know at least a dozen cops that are alive because of an armored vehicle.  It stopped 30 rounds from an AK47 aimed at us.
Who's benefit to seeing all these equipment to the police department across the U.S. and who is getting the % from it ?.
maybe Rand just needs to shut up !
Us citizens need this type of http://protection.Plus  the war  on our law enforcement they need it. to fight ANTIFA. That #Obama created
You need to get behind our PRESIDENT.
Support Trump!
We in Kentucky will vote you out Rand Paul
MetroDetroit LOs R praising the reversal. Obama took their heavy gear & they've had 2 send teams in MINIVANS 2 face felons armed 2 the teeth
Think down into the future. It's part of our 2nd amendment defense on our soil. Don't cripple our grandkids.
Boo hisssssssss
Randy opposes anything Trump does. Randy Trump won you lost (thx God) get over it ! Randy an other establishment hack ! Needs to go in2018
Insane that people cheer for a fascist police state as long as it doesn't target them.
Your wrong on this one Rand. I'm your supporter but thugs and people shoot police and they need to be able to be protected by gear
I have to disagree with Rand with this. Though I agree with him 95% of the time
Thank you.
obviously, Care and reasonableness and common sense should take precedence over off the cuff purchases of weapons that aren't necessary
are Law Enforcement agencies buying this equipment from the Feds? I doubt it, so the Fed Gov't has no say in what locals buy! and never shld
He was against Healthcare, starting to think all of he republicans are RINO
Senator, I find myself agreeing w u more and more lately, the more I read and listen to what you have to say, but.....
Easy to say when he's not the one having to face Antifa and ISIS in the streets while he is protected by said equipment everday.
He's not perfect, but at least this guy has convictions,most of the time stands up for the right thing.Local police are police, not military
Rands probably right not a good idea.If this equip is necessary to serve & protect We have bigger problems. Call Nat'l Guard &end the threat
If the cops have tanks I should a have anti-tank gun. The 2nd amendment doesn't say only small arms. It says dont trust the government.
Please talk to police officers themselves before you take these resources away from them.  Equipment is expensive. My kids' lives matter!
This is not militarization.  This is giving police equipment the departments cannot otherwise afford. Military vehicles are useful.
My son, a cop, has used one of the surplus military vehicles to transport doctors/nurses to a hospital during a heavy snow storm. Rethink!
Militarizing the police is the last thing this country needs....
Who cares what he thinks vote him out
Rand I usually agree with you, not this time. Spend some time with the cops that use this gear, you'll see why it's needed.
Thank you for opposing any plans on  militarizing local police.
Thank you, Senator. Cops should not be militarized. Two different functions.
You have lost my confidence along with me and my wife's vote.
Thank you, I overall like Trumo, but this was a bad choice on his part
Your really off base,or not a single one of you tell the truth about this government;so
WHICH IS IT!What do you say in private;there paul
Finally someone says something!  What does this guy have to do kill someone before someone says something
STARTING TO BE COME A CREATURE OF "NO"....JUST SAY KNOW!...LIKE A BRAT ,SPOILED NO! NO! NO! GROW UP!
Absolutely no reason for our local police officers to be turned into soldiers using military equipment. Our police are very well equipped.
Your a TOOL!
Well, I don't think that's likely to happen.
Thank you senator. All Americans should oppose local police forces that are geared up like active duty troops.
Not even latest Anti - gun gear ???
Rand Paul, you lost the election. Shut up.
Rand Paul-police are at war with Antifa BLM all extremistsneed force quell violence and insurrection this not 1st Amendmet but Sedition
I am sorry I know some think he is smart, I keep waiting to see evidence, so far  he opposes anything Trump does,  I see an obstructionist!
Ask the police what they need.  Not Rand Paul!  He's A politician.
Like your tweet.
Police differ from military by training, not equipment. High water trucks certainly sounds like a great idea.
This guy is a gutless doinck.  Irrelevant
I'm beginning to think Dr. Paul has been prescribing himself too many meds. I'm pretty libertarian so I'm confused by him.
Then you would remember that libertarian philosophy and politics has always opposed a police state.
Ones equipment does not dictate a Police State. It could be obtained with or without it. If you don't think so you are delusional.
If the police are using equipment that's used to kill our enemies, yes, that dictates a police state.
A police state will be from fed gov.  Rand is making sure the fed gov is the most powerful. Your local LE will be only defense.
No, the citizens themselves will be the only defense.
Keep thinking that.  Next he will be coming for your so-called assault weapons. No one needs that stuff either,  right??
Unlikely.
He is (policeman dead wrong) on this one. Rand police need this protective equipment in this environment
Easily said "Paul"when your pussy ass ain't the one on the Front line!!!POTUS!
Rand Paul deserves respect for consistency of principles under Obama and Trump.
Sorry Senator but being a recently retired Police Chief, those restrictions hurt more than helped especially SWAT
Rand Paul how would you like to defend yourself with less fire power than the criminal?
Too bad. @realDonaldTrump is doing the right thing! Why don't Republican Senators focus on denouncing  destructive #AltLeft and Democrats!
Well, if we wanted your policies we would have elected you prez!
Rand is one of the only ones who knows what he's talking about. You need to trust him on this.
Our police should have whatever they need to protect themselves from the leftist -paid fascist hate groups!!!
Police don't even use what they have (i.e. Antifa demos). They just stand back. Militarizing them will encourage further abuse of power.
I agree wth RandPaul on principle, HATE the militarizing of cops, however, this announcement was psyos to threaten Antifa Marxist Violence.
PLEASE PLEASE start the discussion to boot out Speaker Ryan!!!
The police don't even use the weapons they're given (i.e. Antifa demos) I highly disapprove of @Potus decision to militarize police
They'll need it to defeat anarchist groups when time comes. Police are at huge disadvantage now. It will be same gear they had 4 yrs ago.
We don't care what you think rand ,you are always opposed to POTUS,  that is why uou won't get my vote , Lexington Ky
Have you been watching the sick violence of #Antifa?  Our police are going to need it unless you and the Senate start protecting citizens.
tuff shit we need to stop these butt licks
@RandPaul what the heck are u doing come on Rand I was getting like u somewhat. Do something to earn your seat! Healthcare, taxes, the Wall
Love your tweet he need to do something.And i wish john McCain would leave and go home and stay.
Terrorists deserve to be spat on.
Sure, he's got secret service following him around
While Lynch mobs are attacking police all over our country   Sorry Rand we'll remember this come 2020

TRUMP IS RIGHT
Boo, Hiss !!!
Thank you Dr. Paul!
No Rand is Wrong.... State Police should have more arms options

"State Police should have more arms options" .... do you understand the word "options" .... not current limitations
Ain't that a shame
Thank you for standing up for our liberties! You're awesome Dr. Paul
Cops are defenseless these days against the democrats paid terror groups
