So you're okay with 22 million people losing insurance?
Let them pay for it themselves. Just like I have too.
You have no idea how insurance works. It's based on pooling risk. Nobody pays a perfect balance of premiums&deductibles to claims. 1/
Paying 900 monthly in premiums, with a 6000 deductible is ridiculous. Increased every year since Obamacare. It doesn't even pay 100%
Yes...agreed! I was not happy with my premiums either! Lets fix it! Or,  lets work towards single payer! Stripping millions of hcare? NO!
Single payer is unsustainable in a country with 320 mil people. It would bankrupt us.
So let see...JUST BRENDA..we can afford a 2 TRILLION dollar tax cut for the rich but not a healthcare system.
The tax cut is not for the rich, it's for ALL taxpayers. It would stimulate the economy which produces more jobs and taxpayers, more revenue
We need a full repeal and no replacement with Ryan's Obama lite. Return free market and real choice to the people. No gov controlled care.
Oh yes, I can't wait for the free market to charge me 30 dollars instead of 20 for tylenol if I'm in the hospital because of the demand.
Actually, the amount will be less because great pools means less risk driving costs down. #econ101
That's why pre-ACA, where we will be post-ACA, hospitals were charging $1 or less.  

Also, the ACA was literally drafted to increase pools.
Except that only sick people joined the ACA or people waited until they got sick to join.
The whole point of ACA was to get more people signed up to drop costs. Without ACA everyone will go back to ER as primary care.
Medicaid recipients use the ER 40% more than those with insurance or uninsured. Explain that.
You need to provide links to your information please.
There will never be a replace bill passed. No one is being fooled here.
There will be if they can ever agree on one. But they have to get it right.
That is my point.
The pressure is on. They will be compelled to do it.
Now I get why you only want to repeal/not replace...you would get to go back to having FEHBP healthcare which is better than you have. Its..
He has a bill for the replacement
Link to this bill or is it a secret like so much that the GOP is pulling right now.
https://www.paul.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/ObamacareReplacementActSections.pdf …
I've read it  and even tho I'm not an expert; just a very concerned mother, gmother, ggmother if feel his plan is hurtful to our country.
He wants to eliminate essential healthcare benefits from ACA  https://www.healthcare.gov/coverage/what-marketplace-plans-cover/ … this continues with the belief that being a woman is..
is lessor than being born male, will create many ppl with mental disorders not getting the medical help needed to be productive citizens, ..
emergency services, prescriptions, etc. That is unacceptable & inhumane. His bill also relies heavily on HSAs which the majority of ppl are
Of course there's more. Please stop.
@jamesstratman11
Rename it to the "Kill Poor Americans" act. At least it would be honest.
then we rename O-Care " Middle Class & Destruction Act"

So. What you are saying is that global health care will get people to stop earring McDonald's and shit and start exercising?
Let's cover the world in gym mats.
Rand Paul has the best plan.
Which is no plan lol
You clearly have not been to his website. He's constantly explained his replacement idea in many interviews
Explain it then...he has mentioned several times he just wants to repeal...never mentions replace.
Even if this were true, that would be the best plan.
So people can die and go broke?
Go to his website and read it. Type it into google or YouTube and watch his speak about it. Stop with the die and go broke talk
That's what happens when people have shitty or no healthcare like what Rand is proposing. Stop with the bullshit of defending a non-policy.
You're a despicable human being.Such a pitiful excuse for a doctor.A doctor fighting against http://healthcare.How 're those Rubles going?
Another WIN for the tRump administration I see...
@iphooey Really starting to see what you saw in Sen Paul. Now if we can stop the healthcare welfare program for congress.
Praying that the Dem obstructionists and the GOP globalists vote for America and not their own self-interests. #RepealObamacare
obamacare was never financially feasible and was funded by stealing from other programs well before the big costs hit this year correct?
Reconciliation does not equal repeal! Wake up!
I was glad that it didn't pass because you guys want to make millions of people loss their coverages
How did that work out for you?
If you guys can't do something about healthcare then we the people will
http://WWW.SPINALSURGERYMEXICO.COM  #MEDICALTOURISM
So how's YOUR Healthcare Coverage working for ya???
Hey senators, show loyalty to your party and stick together with one voice. It seems like the democrats are sticking together much better.
#Takingbackourcountry #TheTideHasTurned
how is a room with that many educated minds actually just a house of dummies #NoTrumpCare
Annnnd..they reneged on their promises. Now we know who to primary out.
@SenCapito  @SenJohnMcCain @SenDeanHeller @SenRobPortman @SenAlexander @LisaMurkowski We need the #Freemarket working for us not the Gov't
You've done all you can. Thank you.
It is NOT up to the government to take over healthcare! Everywhere where socialized medicine takes place...citizens lose! It doesn't work!!
Keep the good fight!! We do not want Obamacare! We don't want single payer healthcare! We want free market healthcare!
Im confuse  all these bills now that they voted on that skinny bill aint what we need that's is Kick the Can down the road repeal-andreplace
Seriously? One sheet of paper; a preprinted form with barely a full sentence to identify purpose of said form!  That took 7 yrs! God help us
Conservatives do your goddamn job it's been 7 years
Conservatives need to take on the libtard tactics and riot/protest too. It seems to wrk for them
@immigrant4trump It should have passed!
So many sections
Now lets replace it with nothing. Get the governments hand out of my pocket.
Thank you, health care is not a "right" and get the government out of healthcare. Gov healthcare = slavery
Bunch of. Crap!  Maybe Trump should stop trying to help the helpless @GOP 6 of them are lyers .
We need single payer and you to fix medical price gouging. $2K for the minor procedure (labeled in bill) of popping elbow back in place
Plus the ambulance ride,  ER visit, and another 3/4 a page of list items totaled over $18K for a dislocated elbow
Thank you, Senator Paul. You are a blessing to the United States.
Have you been bought too?  This will make more people suffer in pain and embarrassment not having affordable insurance. #standingfor1% :(
Mortality went up under the ACA. You need to come to terms w reality
Mortality is going up bc ppl have no control. We eat more, exercise less, and have become lazy. Listen to Gary Player's review on our health
Its estimated that 100 million people will suffer from diabetes in 20 years!
#wastingOurFingTime
Rep do not want to repeal Obamacare. Vote them out!
Was praying for the repeal. So sorry u were betrayed
YES! REPEAL!! Bring back the Free Market of a FREE Society. Limited Gov't. Big Gov't just breeds Opression into tax slavery.
@lisamurkowski @SenSusanCollins @SenJohnMcCain Like liberals....Sen Murkowski, Sen Collins and Sen McCain are addicted to big entitlements.
I pray y'all made the changes Americans don't want to bail out Big Insurance Companies and could you Please add Dental to that Bill 
Going to flop harder than you on a Friday night
If the Obamacare repeal act also legalized marijuana then I may be interested
Mitch and the 50 better get this done!

Court them and get this done. 
@realDonaldTrump
KEEP fighting Senator Paul. FULL REPEAL!
Come on guys, lock in sock if you need to!
Full repeal or the republicans will pay at the polls .
Repeal and Replace! It's nothing more than a job killer. Much more bureaucracy for doctors. Many left practice. Raised premiums. No quality.
At this point...I do not care enough to trust what I read.I was in ,lost all retirement buyng .My message to youminusequal F♢€{ off.
Good try sir now get on board and get something done for us before we vote you out. 32 year loyal Republican here about to change my vote
Rand is all about the show..
@immigrant4trump He will be gone if he doesn't do what he was elected to do.
Thank goodness, at least a step in the right direction, maybe there will be some sanity put in the healthcare world.

Repeal!!!!!!!!!!
#getitdone Can you also get the language right - Health Insurance Bill? It's not health CARE. Doctors and hospitals provide health care.
I sure hope so, the GOP has been very disappointing.  I'm sick watching these people play with our lives.
Tick Tock..........your days in office will be numbered.
Happily for you it failed. If not, many of the 32M who'd be thrown off insurance would be lining up at YOUR door for FREE eye surgery.
Shameful that it failed!!! Vote these 7 rinos out!!!
These RINOs that opposed this should be called out on their deception of the voters who elected them!!
HR 1628 https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/house-bill/1628 …
S.Amdt.280 to HR 1628 https://www.congress.gov/amendment/115th-congress/senate-amendment/280/text … #RepealObamacare
Your fellow RINO's let you and all of us down! I am so sick of Obamacare and people having to pay fines for not having insurance!
Well Sir, now we know who the RINOs are. Lets get them the hell out of the Senate! Keep up the hard work.
So Rand you do realize experts say straigh repeal will increase cost 50  to 100%. You sure you want this ? Your constituents don't
What happened? Did it get a vote?
Lol that went well
RINOS voted no for partial and full repeal!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Watched you on cspan...pediatric eye exam is not really Visio coverage. @GOP stop exaggerating the ACA
God Speed..O'Reilly had Poll on his premium site (pay) and Q was Do You Want Complete REPEAL? over 80% were YES..
REPEAL AND REPLACE, EVIL IS MAKING HUGH PROFITS ON THE PAIN AND SUFFERING IS WHAT HEALTHCARE IND. DOES IS EVIL. CALL OUT THOSE SENATORS.
Are you being an obstructionist to. Just get YOUR way!!!! Support Cruz's amendment.
I fully support your efforts to Repeal Obamacare but if it doesn't work out please consider supporting Skinny Repeal at least.
Senator Paul is this really the most pressing issue to keep circling around d? Chalk up the loss and move on?
A full repeal would ever hurt Medicare. The Ocare .9% tax going to Medicare would be gone.
A full repeal hurt folks with work healthcare. No more kids on till 26 and new lifetime limits on coverage, etc.
McCain - a beneficiary of taxpayer funded, government Hcare - left his hospital bed so that he could remove the same benefits for others.
Why won't you acknowledge the ppl who's lives have been saved by preexisting cond protections & lifetime max bans?
For the same reason I don't acknowledge people whose lives were saved by stolen kidneys.  Its reprehensible.
Senator Paul keep fighting - your plan is the most Common Sense approach to getting government out of healthcare and no insurance co bailout
@POTUS You have chance to make 1 "yay" pass at passing at least 1 REPEAL bill to continue Obamacare Foundation Funding as I stated last nt
End of fiscal year now... Don't cut off the People's health care.  Do this and lolling all you want after July 31st.  Lobby now!
@LeoDiCaprio KMercilus (Kaepernick2B) GDP-GNP savvy activist for Healthcare Reform
@kaepernick7 Pass vote today.  Must be done to continue funding from Obamacare (fiscal year budget Passover).
You can always amend to repeal later after July 31st.  It is important to get the funding from Obamacare to continue so people...
...don't lose benefits during the transition.  That's all that's needed for vote today.  Thanks Dir in Chief of Law & Law Enforcement
Outright Repeal! I'm game. Gitter done.
Can we just agree that socializing insurance markets was stupid in the first place?
How come my two favorite republicans can't see that they need to root cause and then FIX ACA?
#DTS #magA
Yeah ok  sure it will.
Good Luck! Please slap McCain and Flake upside the heads! Thx
Publish a working fax number so constituents like me can reach you to share our thoughts on pending legislation. It's part of your job.
You are violating the Hippocratic oath of first doing no harm. Repeal without replacing will lead to loss of insurance, death for millions.
You're one of the heartless @SenateGOP that wants to take away health care from millions. Shameful! #SaveACA #SaveMedicaid
Thank you!
@freedomcaucus REPEAL IN FULL; DO NOT REPLACE!!
Simple enough to understand, well for most on the Hill.
Yippee!  Let's sign it and get 'er done!
(2) in need..continue to recv help..everyone must make sacrifices..it is not fair to future generations re: high debt...we need bal budget
Keep reminding congress/senate, president..and US Citizens..we are 20 tril in debt...and cuts must be made to insure those who r truly in
Your plan screws everyone but the wealthy the current law reeks of classism universal care for all only fair way for all
#REPEALANDWALKAWAY
This is considered progress?
If Obamacare is repealed and replaced by something much better for everyone in US that is progress. Premiums/Penalties aren't affordable.
But you see there is nothing there to replace it.
Bill exists and if passed removes complications of gov controlling healthcare and give more flexibility to states. https://www.paul.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/ObamacareReplacementActSections.pdf …
Love it, Senator Paul!!  THIS is what we mean by FULL repeal.  Trump and the other RINOs don't get it.  NO obamacarelite.
The purpose of this disaster was to GO socialism  then ONE WORLD ORDER where we would have NO SAY in our country!  SOROS PLAN TO CONTROL
Here's an idea. Amend your act to repeal all benefits for Congress, right now. Require Congress to participate in what it passes.
STOP blocking what you PROMISED @RandPaul!  MAKE this happen for the #American people!  DO YOUR JOB!
Is this all just checking a bunch of boxes so McConnell can make a case for banding with the Democrats to throw more cash at Obamacare?
Don't be fooled! Republicans don't have majority in Senate. Collins & Murkowski are liberal RINO-They r dems. We need a Conservative Senate.
This will all be challenged because the GOP is nothing but leaches. You don't care about the people. Just donors and money mongering.
You all are rich. You have no idea what people without wealth deal with. The insurance co are a bane. GOP governors are corrupt. A travesty.
Repeal ONLY! Then get out of Ins. business! Low lifes screaming can get off their butts & work to PAY for it like the rest of us!
Not interested in your bill. You are one of the radicals. Nothing you would write would be good. The majority don't want the ACA repealed!
VOTE NO. what says u can come up with new plan in 2 years when you haven't in 7. but I bet the rich get their tax cuts immediately.
Wow .. the America that once stood up for one another now wants to see if you're worth it .. When did we lose our humanity?
Face it, Republicans are wimps nothing happens. Your place in history will be a sad one.
This nut did not fall far from the tree -- and this will lose as expect from this loser.
Repeal w/o Replacement is not an option! Period! American people depend on their medical care, this is no joke! Shame on you sir!
REPEAL it
Good job
unforetunately the leftist repubs will stick with socialized govt control-these dems on repub side. vote them out of office
Sad to see folks who can't stand the word socialism but are ok with Russia.
where did you see mention of Russia in the tweet
You, sir, are a nut job.
glad you're taking charge
Please, please, please get Obamacare repealed. Millions of us need affordable healthcare.
You will not get affordable. Just saying
You're wrong there. Before Obamacare, I paid $5400.00 for R shoulder surgery. I need my left one done, quoted $22,900!
Sen Paul ptoudly announces kicking 15+Million US Citizens off healthcare & increasing Senior Health Expense 500% - making it unaffordable!!
Tomorrow McConnell is going to hold another vote to make repeal bill LAW! Call your US senator and tell them to vote no!
Stop this guy, what the hay is wrong with u people???!!'
I pray for it to pass
Rand, I am with you in your opposition on the way they are going about this, so let's Repeal the ACA Now and replace it later.
Forget these haters, @RandPaul. You keep your head up and focus on liberty *free eye surgeries for needy patients*You're the true MVP.
Please publish a list of all who voted for #FullRepeal under Obama and vote against it when it comes up for a vote.
Good job hurting the American people!
How can you hurt people when you stop making them pay for something they don't need we should have choices I don't need obgyn coverage
YES! THANK YOU!
Is this good or bad?
Let's get something done! Enough already!
YES!!!!   Keep it going, RAND!!!!
The true Americans are behind you.
Keep on keeping on Rand Paul.  You are our voice.
Stop screwing around and get this done. You have had 8 yrs to figure it out. Very frustrated with all of you.
Whatever you end up passing make SURE Congress has the same plan as the American people. It's so WRONG that you guys are exempt from O care.
I wish you'd stop calling it Obamacare and call it by its real name, ACA. Which I call unaffordable care act !!! Thank you. Concerned citizn
Hope Congress can get this done. Single payor would be unmitigated disaster
Repeal the unaffordable insurance act known as Obamacare @SenSchumer @SenGillibrand
more crap from Fascist Central
It took the dems 2 years to pass aca, & were going to repeal it in 6 months? I seriously doubt it.
Just get it done!
I wish you the best of luck! #CleanRepeal
Get it done @RandPaul
Don't repeal obamacare !!!!!
You VOTED NO we are going to VOTE No to YOU n Replace YOU With NEW REPUBLICAN Blood to replace you Cannot Support POTUS n US you Need to GO
Amen!
Just Repeal !! Grandfather clause for 2 yrs. for those currently covered.
Sell ins across state lines, tort reform to follow.
If no Democrats vote for repeal, it's just posturing. Why wasn't this bill voted on when John McCain was present?
The 100 clowns in the Senate? LMAO!
We the people want it repealed, like burning money no good to anyone except medical and insurance cashing in jacking up fees $$
GOP, redeem yoursrlves and pass this!
Need to start with a clean slate! Medicaid is so huge, we are heading for a single payer govt system now.
Thanks for your vote last night along with the 8 others of your cronies. You forgot why Trump was elected. Enjoy that seat for a short while
Please don't mess around Sen. Paul - we need to get this done.  You can't do it alone - you will need to compromise.
DONT BE FOOLED. Most of America, who used to have great hc, are winging it without healthcare rn. I support Sen Paul's plan 
Get it done
rock it out! its time!!!!
#FullRepeal #FullRepeal #FullRepeal #FullRepeal #FullRepeal
If saying that healthcare is a right means government should pay for it, shouldn't we be given a free gun when we come of age? #healthcare
