I'm sorry but a truly capitalistic healthcare is just not feasible anymore.Some protections must stay
Yes! We sent a msg with the election of @realDonaldTrump and GOP Congress. #FullRepeal, no mandates!
you put party before country. When you said R's shouldn't investigate other R's. Can't trust you.
All cons know how 2 do is  bend over 4 wealthy donors while fkng over the ppl that pay them.#Cowards
Couldn't hear it, web link? Real or bait and switch? Caucus latest tweet Feb 6
.@RandPaul @RepSanfordSC @freedomcaucus hurry! Repeal ASAP. This is great - pass
@izzysroses @RepSanfordSC @freedomcaucus Start pushing to get your republican colleagues off their asses!
@esqonfire @RepSanfordSC @freedomcaucus thank you for your hard work! Please share our video
@esqonfire @RepSanfordSC @freedomcaucus health insurance is going to be for the rich
I just hope something that WORKS will take it's place!
Trump train moving rite along!!!
you know this means vouchers and they will do very little!
PLEASE TAKE OVER AND GET THIS DONE!
and let's not allow insurance companies to discriminate 4 any reason age, sex, preexisting conditions
Being placed back at the mercy of insurance companies & priced out of affordability is not freedom.
if it was a free market there would be competition and price go down and quality up.
In free mkt from 1988-2008 health ins premium went forkm 192 to 800 + dep from 5 to 2
not sure I understand what you are saying
Explaining what happened to my premium during that 20 yr period under free market.
To top that off, after 20 yrs of rising premiums & no claims, spouse had hand surgery & she was canceled
well I can understand that but until Obamacare I had good insurance the premium wasn't bad and i could use it
is that an #AltFact?  You have NO ready plan. You only stood Against Obama but not FOR the People.
Go Senator Rand Paul we support you
Don't you mean "Freedom FROM healthcare"? Investigate trump TREASON or U R CORRUPT.
as long as we pay insurance CEOs salary it will never be affordable.
Please Rand, don't ever be excited to share the stage with a guy who left his wife and kids and embarrassed an entire state...
@realDonaldTrump If u dont like big gov't..cut your benefits and exorbitant pay. U dont do your jobs

are you sure you don't mean freedom from healthcare?
You were drowned out by the camera noise, but I'll check the text later. Congrats! Hope Potus is in!
. How about a non profit option?  Stop paying big insurance CEOs salary.
Healthcare freedom would be a single-payer universal health care system.
@esqonfire @RepSanfordSC @freedomcaucus please Rand Paul repeal replace crazy obama care before we all die
So... Republicans don't investigate Republicans? You are a sad little man.
@esqonfire @RepSanfordSC @freedomcaucus with this plan more people will go to ER FOR health care
Enforce 15 USC Ch1 on pharma,hospitals,device makers&doctors Medical costs drop drastically!
why is the conversation about insurance and not health care?
Still very dubious how patients with serious preexisting conditions adequately covered.
Are you Republicans even Americans?
: The conservative solution is no solution.
I need yo

If your insurance is so great for me? Why don't you eat your own cooking?
government ran health care is socialist redistribution of wealth and is unconstitutional. Repeal only
Protect our children with pre-existing conditions! #murderers #probirth #resist
Sen Paul thank you for speaking out on the entrapment set up by Obama admin to destroy inc Trump admn
So the republicans deathpanel begins.
The conservative solution is to let people die.
I really like you Rand but decision put on your plan also you need to investigate Russian hackinf
you are dividing instead of uniting the party...shame on you...you lost...get with the program.
@SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr 
RINOsHaveNoMoreExcuses!

Thankyou-
@RandPaul @RepSanfordSC & @freedomcaucus
MenOfYourWord!
List the difference if you are so sure it is BETTER for the poor
THANK YOU FOR STANDING UP FOR THE CITIZENS. We want BHOCARE REPEALED! HEALTHCARE needs to COMPETE!
the Republican answer the healthcare is Soylent Green, isn't it
thank you for not voting for just a partial repeal. The GOP promised a full repeal!!
repeal it all. Repeal it now
Mr. @TGowdySC do you agree with these guys that are TRULY working to end Obamacare? @RandPaul @RepSanfordSC @freedomcaucus
still nothing per usual and  just why wouldn't you investigate Flynn you would if he were a Democrat
I'd rather hear the speaker then the clicking of the cameras.
America needs ACA and an investigation into Russia
Greed will out, all insurance companies will sing your praises
What is the url to post this to my facebook?
Thank you for your bill. PLEASE let everyone know we want this.
No need for ACA. Fund Medicare/cade & Special Needs. Let Insurance Co's compete under Free Enterprise
Regulate Insurance companies and pharma in separate bills so we can tweak w/out screwing people.
If insurace companies get greedy we can regulate them without hurting Medicare/cade & Special needs.
Make the construction strict by compartmentalization then loosely constrict separate bills as needed.
goog alternativa

y'all r so out of touch with what Americans need & want! Try living like most of us then talk
say "liberty", say "liberty"  @RepSanfordSC @freedomcaucus
We need an #IndependentInvestigation into @POTUS involvement with Russia! Stand up for America Senator!
You ppl are lower IQ than I even thought. Ur proving it everyday by allowing the FAT ONE to continue!
Nothing about this is positive! U bigotedRacists are working strictly from a prejudiced point ofView
repeal it now. Repeal it all
Time for a not for profit option #buy-in Medicare. Obvious the only concern the senator has is the insurance CO.!!
Too bad your credibility  is SHOT as u say investigating collaboration w/Russia not worth our time?!
does it include mandatory coverage for pre-existing conditions?
You have a good plan Dr Paul.  #replaceaca #replaceobamacare  #letsgetitdone
Do you all support Russia? Or, are you stalling for self serving purposes? Plz put US before GOP
Why you weren't the Republican front runner is something I will never understand.
sanity
YES!  thank you for listening.  repeal of obamacare or watch their seat
Can't use HSA (taxpayer's own $$) for abortions? How about can't use IRAs to buy bibles? Same thing.
Of Course wouldn't missit!  #StandWithRand
Are we all going to the get the much desired Universal Healthcare?! Woohoo!
Health savings accounts are such bull. If you can't afford insurance how much can you afford to save?
Americans also deserve a bipartisan investigation into our POTUS' illegal collusion with Russia.
better, but your elit doing 1 thing and @POTUS MANY MORE, did you understand? United w ur President
physicians need relief from CMS over regulation as well as tort reform.
You get to choose a plan...and if you get an illness later that you didn't "plan" for....then die....
Very kind of you libertarians to "liberate" the uninsured from the only healthcare option they have.
FREEDOM is getting the 30% for profit companies away from choosing whether your illness is profitable
Why doesn't Rand get involved with House leaders. He has good ideas continues to speak to deaf ears
is Price on board with your plan?
anything in writing?  Powerpoint at least?
obama gave us health care! Republicans would never have done that!
now you are going to change it to Wigan will cost us all more!! Amazing
oh good...where is this posted so we can download/ read?
ask your constituents if they know the diff between Obamacare & ACA then see how much support u have @SpeakerRyan
you are the best #Rand Paul your plan will be the best for all people 
Gawd, I hope people are paying attention to this man.
@realDonaldTrump If RP saves DT's ass it would be hilarious, unless it prevented DT from being fired.
wear a hat, they might take you more seriously
you guys going to fix it or what ? Bad video quality
PE conditions? Lifetime caps? You're going to kill people
u say that but still there's no universal healthcare. Sellouts.
actual freedom would be to allow those who want it, a non-profit option.
The conservative solution is to get #russia out of the #whitehouse. #investigatetrump
