Time to shut up & put up.  I really like u but what is holding the republicans back?  Do something u promised.
This should be the real issue.
Absolutely agree
Don't run the country without experience and understanding

DUMP Corrupt Trump Pence Paul Ryan McConnell Bannon Devoss Kushner
yeah, you see the vast majority of the country is much more worried that Nazi supporters of @realDonaldTrump murdered someone. And you?
Happen to agree with Trump on this one. ANTIFA Was just as responsible as the other morons for escalating the fight and tragic response.
Read my book, "The Way Out", for how we can solve this crisis and gradually end federal debt.
Waiting until the last minute for reform again? Paying our bills is basic. U crash the world if we default. USA's credit can't be questioned
You'll never get the democrats to give up anything.
Better idea would not raise it at all.
Keep you're eye on the ball Senator. Impeach @realDonaldTrump !
Nice that someone still remembers we owe more than our GDP. Thanks W, Obama and pathetic congress
Senator I admire the fact you keep your word but McConnell is a crooked man and he will fold to the democrats demands you already know this.
Well shit. Now we just added another 7 years when you add reform
MSNBC? Really? Why don't you quote Mad Magazine or Penthouse, they both have better reputations than this airwave trash.
Senator Rand Paul, another member of the GOP Cowards society.
Not really. The guy is a Libertarian. So nice try.
Damn right! NO MORE raising the debt limit!!!!!!!!!!
CUT THE FRIGGING SPENDING AND THE US GOVT SIZE!!!!!!!!!
Better to borrow at low rates than to STEAL from retirees!
Borrowing at low rates is stealing from our children and grandchildren. Guess it's just matter of whom you're cool with stealing from.
Your not going to get anything done until Congress does something about this civil war. Make monuments federal property.
First amend what really constitutes a cut. If a budget doesn't increase by a certain amount, why is that called a cut? Shouldn't be.
You know reform including Tax Reform, is the Trump Agenda and will not be voted on until We The People clean house in 2018!
Don't raise debt ceiling at all.
Best tax reform.  Audit Fed. Abolish Fed & IRS. Turn $20 trillion debt over to federal reserve where it belongs. Repeal Fed reserve Act.
"Reform" you mean stealing from Americans who have paid into social security & Medicare for decades? #goplies
Uh no. That is not what he said. And nice try.
How about fixing healthcare first--@POTUS  time to void   Senate/Congress exemption to ACA (OPM rule 78 Fed. Reg. 60653-01)
Healthcare can't be "fixed" untill there is stability in the budget. It still has to be paid for, one thing at a time.
Rand-seriously?  Denounce trump as a Nazi or risk being more reviled than you already are.
Trump is no more a nazi than you are. ANTIFA are the brown shirts in this paradigm.
Wow ... you are absolutely clueless !
Clueless?
Absurd. The country must function in the world. Contrary to Don the Cons bankruptcy tactics, it won't work having the USA default.
At some point we have stop borrowing money good god ppl.
Where's the budget?
How long did it take Obama for a budget?
LOL still waiting for it
Why don't you start helping GOP/ Pres instead of blocking & criticizing what he's trying to do. You ARE WHATS WRONG WITH OUR PARTY!
U-huh?
.....with ur own money? We are not stupid, we are well aware of how you all work and how you DONT stand behind ur party. U all need 2 go!!!!
Typical tweet - no way to do it, just wasted electrons. Rand is always simply about Rand. Still thinks he might be President! Hilarious.
How about, don't raise the debt ceiling. At all.
We need a raise we work too hard so we stick to the poor people hard
Just declare bankruptcy!
One of the few sane voices in that swamp.
Keep up the good work!
Reduce politicians pay & benefits. That would help get closer to a balanced budget than any other cuts. Cutting from the bottom never works
The most crucial reform needed in America is our political system where most of our politicians are formatted to serve special interest.
Love you Rand
Where do I see this budget that will balance within five years?  The details matter.
Doubt that'll happen. Thanks for your efforts though.
Balance the budget! Balanced budget will solve big part of debt woes! If necessary raise tax to do it or cut spending!
It's raised everytime & doesn't work.  Think maybe something different needs to happen that might?
#StandWithRand

You can have majorities in the House and the Senate but without the right leadership, the agenda will still fail. 
How is it a "ceiling" if it constantly gets RAISED? 
Sounds more like a "Debt Elevator"...
Hypocrit you damn well know you can't do that and get it done in timely manner. Just bunch of hypocritical words
@GOPSenate @GOPHouse stand w/ @POTUS &support his legislative agenda.The eyes of the voters&world R watching UR every move.Do Not BETRAY us!
A lost cause? #DrainTheSwamp
What reform? Tax cuts for billionaires?  Gfy
There you go again, making it all about "class". Weather Upper or Middle or Lower, the bloated behemoth of a government wastes too much!
Shut it down.  Drain the swamp.
Congress wants the money it's not ours anyway
So sick and tired of this bs! Go Rand!
Oh heres comes rand. Whats he going to obstruct now
Good
It's time to lower the budget
Please submit a bill making it illegal to raise the dept ceiling and renew every 15 years
...still talking about real issues amidst the hysteria sweeping the nation.  Makes you sound out of touch.
Congress needs to hammer out a tax reform bill b4 fall
Right on Sen. Paul. For every dollar of increase in the debt ceiling, there must be a dollar of expense cut. It's the only reasonable way.
You always raise the debt ceiling without reform.
Yes, and start with the reduction of the Federal Government by about 60%.  Limited Government.
I agree. but it will never happen.. ever.. like really never, ever
As long as the Population Keeps Increasing...So Will the Debt
It's the Population.
To Decrease the Debt..DECREASE the RunAway #Population
Why raise it at all? Oh right right because a Pub is the White House.
Why haven't you said anything about #Trump and what he said about what happen in #Charlottesville ?
That's because Trump condemned racist violence & bigotry & also condemned violent Antifia on the left! We have a great president!
Speak out for Trump We all know both sides fringe are dangerous 
The divide and rule push now will take us places no sane person wants to go
Nothing you ever suggest ever gets done? Healthcare - bombed, Taxes will bomb. Quit wasting our time & $$$ work it out!
Maybe they could grab some pussies while celebrating the days of slavery?
Are you sabotaging the new budget plan? Very predictable Senator
Who could listen to you now? You discarded your credibility in complying with Trump's mediocrity and bullshit. You should've known better.
Rand, tackle something you can do with success for Americans and voting with Trump.
I support your efforts but we have to have a win somewhere!
Don't do one thing until you address the fact that America is without a leader. GOP agenda is irrelevant. Act. We have #NoPresident
Trump is right to condem racist violence & bigotry & to also condem violent Antifia on left! Trump is doing an excellent job as president
Anyone who believes that doesn't have anything to add to any conversation. By your analogy, soldiers fighting Nazis are equally at fault.
This is called hostage-taking.
Don't raise the debt ceiling. Stop spending more than we take in.
THANK YOU!  Get back on the agenda.  Stop talking about 400 basement dwellers who had to travel cross-country to form 1 protest.
I agree with R Paul Raising the debt ceiling is like paying off a credit card with another credit card no matter what the interest rate is!
Do you support Trumps support of alt right kkk white supremacy/ no one gets off the hook.  Apologies if you've already come out against hate
I think you have over consumed CNN which has bleached your brain
As a family expands and grows so does its needs for additional financing, The problem is using it wisely, FAIRLY. HINT!
Debt is bad even for the Brady bunch
There's not 3 sets of BALLS in the Senate! Y'all will never get anything passed. Your own caucus are Democrats! Promise but never deliver!
Hope you have a Blessed Day! Awesome worship song! His Love never fails! Only he can satisfy souls!
Get something done. Your time will come if you don't.  Summer recess-really you are not school children
A lot of fake articles on yahoo wow lol.
Keep it up Rand!  One of the few clear heads in Washington!!!  Thank you!
Audit the Fed. Every branch. Especially the #PENTAGON and every branch of the military.
If the government is going to pay insurance billions , why doesn't the government just insure all Americans
We are a gov of the people, it is not their job to provide social welfare. The New Deal, Obama Stimulus led to $20t in debt with no results.
WE NEED YOUR DAD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! STAT!
Absolutely!
Hey guys, ya know, I know we're all really mad about racism and stuff, but there's this little thing called "the budget" coming next month
Sure to be a battle
Serious-lee. And that's how I'm going to spell that from now on, because the General is all people are gonna be talking about til then ;p

and do you want to change #FATCA and or #CBTtax, or do you want tax reform for (accidentally) overseas Americans? It's not fair now.
Where do you stand on @POTUS and apparently your own party standing arm in arm with Nazis?

Please don't do this
Rand when are we going to see results from you? Nice words never turn into results
That'll probably get done in this chaotic environment. Right? 
