I hope this means you won't vote Yes on the bill.
Sadly, I think you're right.
He will vote "No" because he has actually read it.
Dont vote on it, open up medicare for all. with premiums!
Best Way to FIX Health Care is to STOP #Chemtrails #GMO's and the #BigPharma attacks on HUMANITY.  Problem SOLVED!
Chemtrails? Be serious.
You probably have not researched #Chemtrails so let me help you get started:  

http://www.globalresearch.ca/chemtrails-the-consequences-of-toxic-metals-and-chemical-aerosols-on-human-health/19047 …
Wrong. I have researched them and I know what you're saying is garbage
Everyone has their own opinion and I respect that. I thought you may have missed some of the recent findings that now support the Conspiracy
I will review what u sent me and see if it changes my thinking. I try to be open minded. Thank you.
Wasn't it your GOP brother from KY that kept everyone in the dark?
You ran for POTUS to repeal and replace ACA. Why don't you introduce YOUR version of "repeal and Replace" instead of obstructing others?
I said you will be a great man, my Senate, my Future President
yes
sure more bait, remember how they all jumped in the trumptrain?
YEAH after 7 years of saying you would repeal & replace RIDICULOUS GET IT DONE!
We all a free market system returned. You know the issue, not enough senate votes. So pls submit some realistic input and get something done
Senator you and I don't agree on much but on this we do. Thanks for standing up for open and public discussion of all legislation.
Just fix mess 1st priority, then go on tirad
#ReadTheBill #StandWithRand
I can't believe we need legislative to make congressman read bills. Sad!.....
Something for you to see @wholeexpanse
You want your bill not theirs - that is why you are giving them a hard time, right?
Exactly.  Careless negligence must end.  Our elected officials have a fiduciary responsibility to understand what they are signing.
Best way to fix health insurance is to get the government the hell out of it! They ruin everything they touch!!
As a local insurance agency owner w my main dealing are with #FEMA; I honestly don't know how any govt program works? #Healthcare #Insurance
In the 70's we had 2 kids no insurance, made monthly payments prior to delivery. Wasn't a big deal even on small income.
That didn't work out so well.
They interview lots of congress on TV None of them read the bill, or seemed to intend to read the bill. Don't confuse vote with facts
You think your way is the right way, I say the presidents way is the right way the obstruction is rediculous.
While you are at it, how about single item legislation.
God Bless you!
@realDonaldTrump needs to bring in a DOCTOR like Dr. Paul to revise and fix the bill. Who better suited than an actual Dr? #MAGA Sen. Paul!
Wow what a radical idea... Unbelievable that you would even have to introduce this kind of legislation. Keep up the great work Dr. Paul.
I'll bet you Paul will vote for it anyway. This charade with GOP senators being "outraged" at McConnell's process is exactly that: a charade
You don't know @RandPaul
Don't be just an obstructionist get something done!
It's called doing his job. Never party over people!
Not doing job if you just bitch about things and don't get any work done
You Reps must STOP fighting each other & get something done for Americans! @SpeakerRyan @SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC @foxandfriends
They all showed unity after @SteveScalise was shot...then 24 hours later they were back to being dysfunctional.
Wait....so we've hit the point where we have to pass a bill stating that people should read something before signing? Its Not common sense??
We will never have it our way, let's be real here.
If we had term limits, we'd have a better chance
Heard u on , I TOTALLY AGREE! No OBAMA LITE!  Fight 4 what's right, NOT PC. @POTUS
I'm hoping Senator Paul that your liking this bill McConnel is introducing?Seems like something we could live with.God protect our officials
No Bill should be passed without the people reading it first!!!!!
Actually, not really. It is their job to read it.  #ConstitutionalRepublic
Cut the crap Rand, you're acting g like the Democrats now. Pass the freaken bill and stop the opposition!!
It's called doing his job. Not considering party over the people!
From another Democrat? Go To C N N.
Huh?
Thank you Sen. A voice of reason amidst the uproar?  This is the Dems point too. 13 white men, hiding in a corner, making law? No sir, no.
Single payer now!
Best Republican out there... lead your party back to sanity Rand!
Should've given Rand and Cruz a room at the Holiday Inn with unlimited bottled water and a massive typewriter. Would've been real HC reform.
Stp it @RandPaul nothing secret about it. It's out there now do what you gotta do and fix what u need to fix. stp. bulking abut it. #Maga
We will get him out next time he runs even if it means voting for a Democrat
This traitor thinks everybody has to agree with his way and he agrees with NOBODY. He needs to go.he doesnt care about 2018.only HIMSELF
Get your fellow @gop to #votenoAHCA. This is a #disaster and a #shame
Beautiful! 
No breaks, recesses, or vacations till #Congress passes AHC and Tax reform! 80 days in session out of 180 days is  pathetic! #FireCongress 
Yes!  Please don't give up on this. So important
Oh Rand, I thought you supported Trumpism now? 

You ought to know to NEVER encourage a wannabe dictator.
Just get it done! Enough!
Bipartisanship at its finest! Thank you!
I think anyone who votes on a bill and doesn't read it, is direlect in their duty to the American people
Ladies and gentlemen meet the next Anthony Weiner
EVERYone cannot draft the Bill. EVERYone can amend it. Don't screw it for the perfect. Negotiate. Improve it. Don't "OWN" it until improved.
Totally agree but Repubs railed against OCare for reelection and now look inept for an alternative plan
not secret!!! we are not ignorant.  get to work
Why don't you tell us what's in the bill that you oppose? Instead of how it was written. I just read it. What prevents you from voting?
11th hour garbage
Just pass the damn bill. We can't financially hold on any longer. This (Obamacare) is destroying us.
You have great ideas for healthcare Rand. Don't know Y others don't C this. American people like myself are only being hurt with delays.
Read it and love it. Thank you for moving beyond partisanship in this. I think you're wacko sometimes but perhaps a little wacko is needed.
Can't u reps get together for once? Bill has to be better than bho plan.Changes can be made later.May be last chance to get rid of BHO plan.
Enough about Russia. Get to work. Have a better bill?  Work with other republicans and get it done!
Why not push YOUR changes in PRIVATE rather than immediately go on TV?? Changes or EGO or publicity!
I don't feel it is rushed and isn't secret. Enough with a non working senate.
Please do not let McConnell rush this bill through
Your peers don't want to actually work
Time to bring it to a close so the country can move forward. There are more fish to fry.
Try to come to a resolution that will work for all. This needs to be finalized. You and your fellow senators had 8 yrs to figure this out.
thanks for being a leader!  not a follower
Rand - Get on board obstructionist! You big buddies with Chuckie or is this grand standing to get more TV time? We voted Trump pres. not you
Your ass needs to be thrown out of the GOP ! You are no different than the Dems ! @realDonaldTrump  is going to have to do something with U
you better do something besides say no all the time three people should not hold up this you people need to stop this bs

Finished reading the Senate HC bill. Put simply: If it passes, it’ll be the greatest policy achievement by a GOP Congress in my lifetime.
This isn't about YOU & you wanting your damn bill. Get with @GOP & fix it b4 we have NOTHING. No breaks UNTIL DONE! Your BS is getting old
Please support new Health Care. All Live Matter & Obama care has destroyed my Small Business. I can't spend money & that hurts the economy!!
Thank you Senator.. I don't usually agree with you, but I support you fully, this should be about what is best for Americans, not a budget.
I love U to death.Seeking a libertarian rights while being a Rep.But U may cause the death of the Rep Party when U vote no on Health bill.
Have you read the healthcare bill?  Or is this.grandstanding.
Can you pay for my Healthcare obstructor?
Rand you better pass something or don't count on my vote, lexingtonKY
.
Are you a Republican or a Democrat?
Support your party, FFS!
Thanks Rand I'll send you a bill for my 4000 deductible
Agreed! Please don't vote for this #healthcare bill! Laws drafted in secrecy set a terrible precedent.
Repeal Trumpcare or as you call it Obamacare Lite.
The Reps don't know how to team together like the Dems
STOP fighting each other & get something done for Americans! @SpeakerRyan @SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC @foxandfriends
SUPPORT YOUR PRESIDENT!!!
Get on board damnet, things aren't working now. Move it along and tweek it later. You don't get to leave mess in place. Do you have better?
Just work with your Repub party to get this done. Ppl don't have insurance
I have always liked you but your acting like the Democrats RESIST RESIST RESIST
Do you think you will ever vote for anything if not maybe you ought to resign the people out here are hurting so do your job
Just replace Obamacare Senator! This healthcare law is screwing the middle class and we are sick of it! Do something about it!
The AHCA is so much worse for so many people. Don't assume that anything is better than ACA
VOTE FOR HEALTHCARE BILL IM SICK OF YOU OBSTRUCTING THIS BILL
Stop obstructing must unite
Iwhat your problem but you need to think about the people just because you didn't get what you want doesn't mean you don't vote
WHAT IS IN THE HEALTH CARE BILL THEY WANT TO VOTE ON YOU ARE A DOCTOR IS IT GOOD FOR AMERICANS?
Thank you for continuing the fight
Why the HELL do we need a bill for this? Every single rep should be primarried every single time so we have real choices come election time.
No team work at all.
U want 2 introduce something? Allow concierge $50.00 4 adult $20.00 4 kids 4 wellness care we buy insur we want & drug prices slashed. Done
Get off your agenda! You're not POTUS! You either rally or we make sure this is your LAST term!! We're over this!!! Get out of the way
Does it really take senators a day to read 20 pages? You had 7 years to fix healthcare. Pass/offer recommendations instead for final bill!
Rand- Time to get on the Trump train? You & McCain are always on the other side of all issues. Change parties & go where you are comfortable
In the mean time, vote no on the #AHCA because you and the American people won't have time to read it and make an educated decision.
He going to lose his set
How about supporting our President and important issues like the healthcare bill?????
It's rushed cuz some of us don't have any other options for health insurance! It's rushed cuz Obamacare FAILED! Work together & fix it Pls!!
Go read it a*"hole, then vote Yes, or be out of a job
OMG U R KILLING US! WTH IS WRONG W U! DID U DEMAND THAT ALL GOP MEMBERS HAVE TO HAVE SAME INSURANCE! TAKE MC CAIN AND GO AWAY!!
Appreciate u but u guys need 3 work together & stand strong 2gether w/healthcare & not go 2 media telling them why u disagree! Work it out!
Rand simply wants a health care bill that provides no services to people who are not the elites that he represents. A first rate con man.
Pass this bill we are drowning with Obamacare! #BetterCare
Kirsten Gillibrand is emailing horrible emails & a pole with twisted ques. about the new HC bill. She is GOP & Trump  bashing with a smile
Senator, Please vote 4 the Repeal and Replace Obamacare bill..Americans are losing access to healthcare and Obamacare is strangling Families
How can he vote for something he can't see or read?
It's online right now
Ryan is clearly against it without personal knowledge of what's in it..Some people just repeat Liberal talking points, no response necessary
Whatever you say about Obama, at least his party was able to get a healthcare bill passed! Good luck with your divisiveness!
Support it!!! People need to be able to have a choice of insurance they can afford!! Please support the party and don't knee jerk a "no"!!
NO!!!!! This is much worse and much less affordable than Obamacare!
Senator Paul, Please post the bill so the American people can read it as well.  There should be a referendum taken so we could vote on it.
Pls don't let Ky down. Enc All Legislators to work and debate the proposed healthcare bill!  72 hrs so YOU can evaluate
Did you consider that if you must legislate mandatory reading of bills that this country is in deep trouble with you guys?
https://www.budget.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/SENATEHEALTHCARE.pdf … This bill does not look to bad, better then #Ocare
Have you read it through?
Traitor-Trump needs to go!
Good Lord @seanhannity is right @GOP need to get your act together and fast. @SenateMajLdr wtf is going on up there? #termlimits #novacation
Is it Mean enough for you
Great idea!
Like a check list "read the bills", "stop arming terrorist", "wash hands after toileting".  Sad they literally need these toddler reminders.
Secret bills are a modern form of TAXATION without REPRESENTATION. Thanks for taking this first STEP...now get Media to report on this NEWS.
Dear Sir. PLS vote NO on a healthcare bill that hs been written n secret & takes $ from Medicaid to giv 2 1%'ers.
I agree I can't wait to see Obamacare Crash and Burn
Should be common sense, but obviously these dumbasses exist in the gov. (I.e. Nancy Pelosi)
Help end hemp prohibition.
YES, READ the bill before YOU VOTE on it, unlike  Pelosi, sign befoe you reading. That was a real desater!!!
Can you imagine such a concept?  Allowing enough time to actually read a bill before passing.  Nice work sir.
The American people are counting on elected officials to move forward in wisdom but also diligence! "Lean not on your own understanding..."
I really have voter remorse for Rand Paul. He has really shown me how fake he is
Great
Would like to see this administration protect Trump actions with common sense legislation.
Brilliant! This is why we elected you friend! #freedom #truth #transparency
@SenateMajLdr  , I think this is for you.
Maybe your just slow, pick up the pace or be replaced Rand, get to work!!!!!
So you'll be voting against the health care bill?
There's nothing "RUSHED" about the health care bill, senator, you've all had 8 YEARS to work on it. #DrainTheSwamp #DrainTheDeepState
Follow the advice of your own professional organization #AMA , vote no. Your own constituents will suffer, as well as millions of Americans
I say just wait until Obamacare is crashing and burning
Listen Up We the People have had enough you all get your crap together we have wait 8 years and his family of 5 has no insurance! #GetitDone
Thanks pal.
You are smart enough to know why it's being done this way.
Do you honestly think the Dems will work with us on anything? For that matter will the RINO Republicans?  NO THEY WILL NOT!
You and I don't always agree but I think this is an awesome proposal.
Any lawmaker that passes an unread bill should be recalled due to incompetence. Mismanagement of office and dereliction of their duty!
You all keep forcing them right back to obama care
Enough with obama care making it impossible for young folk to get any kind of insurance
When we have Democratic who fight us on every step they don't have any other way or it will never get done obama care sux huge, it's bad
@amborin #paul2020 you would get my vote and I'm green
@amborin mandatory! Thank you!
So you're not voting for this then?
So will you vote against it? It is a horrible cruel bill that destroys children, the elderly and the sick. It's immoral.
Enlighten us, since you read it and formed an opinion.
Rushed? It has to get done soon, Paul.
They should ALL be read on the floor of the House AND Senate. Maybe then they would be more concise.
Let the People know which Congress person didn't show up for the reading so we know how much they care.
Who would imagine you need a Bill to force people to actually read the Bills. Our gvmt is disgraceful.
You guys have been signing Bills for decades that you've not read... NOW all of a sudden you care?!?!?
for all of ur hype why does everything stop in the Senate! Y'all are failures, stop investigating trump and get to work. #2020tru
until we stop looking the cost of insurance and address the cost of care, we can't fix healthcare.
super affordable catastrophe insurance for everyone, and transparency of cost of care will let a free market work
Why didnt you do that  when polusy vote and find out whats in it.
Don't vote Yes until the bill is read.
And if u have your way, even more people will lose healthcare
This gop health bill solves no problems and makes no sense.  Does it still force people to buy healthcare?  What is the point?
I’m in favor of whoever is sponsoring the bill being required to read it aloud before a vote can be taken. (No speed readers) thoughts?
then say you won't for ACHA with current process. You do have that ability
