Take a lesson from Dumbocrats UNITE and pass legislation. Get off your self Righteous Trump hating butts DO YOUR JOBS OR LOSE THEM
Yes!  Although Rand Paul is ALWAYS right!
Why hasn't Obamacare exception for Congress been eliminated yet??  NOT fair.
Fair ? Ur asking God congress to vote against themselves.
Really ?
Not sure why @realDonaldTrump hasn't done it yet with EO.
You're a RINO and will be voted out.  You should be ashamed, but you think too much of yourself for that.
Where is @SenJohnMcCain plan2fix/replace Obamacare/is he simply happy being an obstructionist??
Give him a break please.
The man is dying . He's a war hero and has given his life to public service. I'm a dem but show some respect please
Where is McCain's plan for  Obamacare? A lot of ppl r suffering because of the high cost. I saw a woman billed approx$200k for a sick kid.
Raquel
I get what ur saying 
There's 537 other guys u can pick on .Guy is dying. Cut him a break y r u singling him out? R u from AZ?
how did you get elected? repeal and fix it later..you are 1 of 4 congressman, besides the dimwits, that are holding this up..are you a rino?
You need to co-sponsor Bernie Sanders Medicare for all bill.  That is all.
Repeal the tax code.  Takes care of health care
Yes, but how about a little compromise in the name of progress?
Conservatives are ...your fighting ur own battle for white horse reputation and we're dealing with the aftermath. Quit or get bills passed!
The free market is a myth. So such thing has ever existed or will ever exist. So lets stop pretending.
Please try to help or address our failing social security situation in eastern ky.   Ive not heard you address this situation.
so federal crony mandates that c/b "reformed" via "free" market. what garbage. you've been learning to lie from your pal dt.
You now have @POTUS support and the opportunity to move forward. Put healthcare back into the free market where it belongs. Talk ...Action
Big  Senator!  Keep fighting for the transfer of responsibility, smaller govt and more freedoms!
Stop The Grandstanding, this isn't about you, people are suffering.
That is right I want Ocare repealed, not replaced. I want govt out of our HC forever. Tired of all this conservative replacement bill talk
Free markets and competition now. Premiums are unaffordable already. Single payer will conveniently become the answer for liberals.
@RandPaul is on to something
What's your stance on the president's tax plan?
Uninsured should be charged no more than the Medicare price for any given medical service or drug...simple enough
Repugs fighting for Holocaust H.C. let poor &sick die off!Tax breaks 4 rich &more campaign funds!Cut down population!WorsethanHitlerusedgas!
1500 people are sufferring and even deaths hv accurred over what eric conn did.  They r victims
So, still pushing the only plan in existence which is known worldwide to produce even worse results than the system you have?
Legalizing association healthcare plans for small business is a HUGE help for the individual healthcare market. Appreciate your work.
bullshit. ending mandates are first step to 'freer market' but you wouldnt vote to relieve us of that boot on out necks.
We need a new leader in both the senate and House
Let's hope so. . .
Siding with trump ?
While he tries to get NFL players killed?
Don't go to the dark side 
#standalone
Stop helping the Democrats- free market is what we had before Obamacare- nothing new
Good Lord, enough with this crap already.
Keep fighting for us!! Behind you 100%!!!
Thanks for being true to your word to "repeal Obamacare". The mainstream R's clearly lied about wanting repeal.
So you admit "conservatives" have no plan at all
I sure hope Trump cancels the exemption for you all.  The house did their job.  The senate is an embarrassment.
You're stubbornness and unwillingness to compromise at all is causing division in the party.  You have to compromise.  We suffer otherwise.
dude you suck. support the president to help get some stuff done!!
Excellent. Give as much control to the people and we will figure it out. Less govt is better for all.  Govt should not be involved in HC.
You need locked in a room like bickering children and not let out until you learn how to get along.  You're grown adults.  Act like it.
We are done with the "fighting" Mr. Paul.  You all had 8 years and a majority.  We are done with all of you career politicians.  You'll see.
Why won't they listen to you?
thank you thank you thank you, we know free market is the only fix for health care problems and get crooked lawyers and govt out of the middle of it, rinos need to be cleaned out this primary, hope we have challengers for all of them
Men in white Doc jackets @SCOTUS 3/2012 pretend doctors n support of OCare. I discovered this w/question to each on BC detection
I was first activist in March 2012 in front of SCOTUS W/sign 'Obamacare Rations Breast Cancer Detection' My Twitter pic shows this
I guess we will be waiting a while!!
https://twitter.com/georgiadirtroad/status/913708334934642689 …
Read this - You are no hero.
Would be a nice start if there could be a #ReplaceMcConnell push... alongside a #ReplaceRyan ... The leadership doesn't stand for our values
Rush ,"Next 3 months work w/Prez & DC controlled by GOP for a generation!"
Buy across state lines, great! But then Must Repeal McCarran Ferguson which allows HC insurance companies to Price Fix!
Left note on your desk last Monday Re:death panel cause women skip mammograms . My oncologist =younger women get BC & not survive
Make the politicians  except the same health  care  they propose for the public. You will see a fantastic  plan real soon!
Oh and I thought they were just fighting among themselves for the fun of it.
Let insurance companies assume risk, offer Medicare with Healthcare Savings Accounts to those who don't qualify. Tax cuts to help fund (HSA)
As tragically as in the play by Shakespeare,  a Bill named Graham-Cassidy, brutally stabbed by multiple GOPe Senators lay dying next to Senators who were eating lunch.

The Bill looked up at @RandPaul, a man it had trusted, and woefully said: "ET TU, BRUTE?" just before it died!
I read somewhere that the most dangerous radical Islamic terrorists are the ones who pretend to be westernized

Same with @RandPaul. He pretends to be a holier-than-thou conservative, but his actions have again and again helped globalists, which imply Soros-type corruption
with small changes is far better than no changes of double & triple digit premium increases
I like Rand Paul but he has been a disappointment on health care.
You r not working 4 the ppl u r working 4 Deep state politicians. You need 2 be replaced
Stop fighting for the sake of fighting and get something done!
Of course! Tax cuts.
Raquel  well said
No. Medicare for all.
Thx, Senator Paul! It's a start. I want you to succeed. You're NO RINO but alarm bells rang as RINOS Collins & McCain joined you in NO vote.
You need to back trump and being a politician not everything is perfect if it was there be on bill pass At a time instead of all the attach
If only you were not allowing insurance to choose where they sale healthcare then it will he real competitive
Well,I'm betting that The POTUS will have to sign an Executive Order for to get Health Care for the people.
Not with your help
@RandPaul I think you have a real shot Senator. Get the Senate GOP behind the President and he'll get behind you!
You've shot them down each time - don't lie
OIC...it's your way or the no-way.
I will believe it when I see it.

Tax Reform - I'm reading nothing until you submit for vote
You're against any idea that's not yours. You keep talking repeal but you keep saving the failing system.
Time for you to be replaced.
Still waiting for you to do your job after 7 years
Why not Medishare System?????
Stay in hillbilly land @RandPaul your not helping the cause. Stay out of national politics too
Go Rand Go
You better come up w/ something since you've been obstructing anything offered. I see @NancyPelosi as majority leader again I'm blaming u!

2x number of residency spots with result of a supply of Dr. greater than demand as long as residency spots are kept below demand prices rise
you're an outstanding gentleman as politicians go, Senator; I still watch your daddy who sits by the big hair guy and they talk shop, mkay?
How about making doctor owned hospitals legal again?
http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/obamacare-wounds-doctor-owned-hospitals/article/2627880 … Doctor-owned hospitals; Obamacare largely bans expansion of such hospitals
Don't forget about those of us that have pre-existing please
https://youtu.be/RmNz2jGzsDA  #UndercoverAntifa antifa terrorists exposed, please do something @RandPaul
HEY RAND Y DO U GET FREE HEALTHCARE ON MY DIME WAKEUP MAGA MAKE HEALTHCARE FREE 4 ALL AMERICANS NOT JUST ILLEGALS & POLITICIANS
Senator,How do you know that "free-market reforms" are the solution?
Reps were never good at legislating (do nothing but talk) but somehow they get dummies to believe them....
good...repeal socialistic obamacare.Socialism reduces quality anything, including health care. do a bunch of mini-bills in the next two days
Go Ron Paul.
Rand Paul had another good day at fundraising lunches,suppers and dinners. Wonder how he had time to wrk for us . Today's total 29,450.00
Hey YOU and the rest of the useless @GOP had 8 years to come up with a plan & you did nothing " fucking useless you all are " only big mouth
Proof is in the pudding! We’ll believe it when we see it.
@RandPaul 
Nice work Senator! Keep em comin!
May God the father, the Lord Jesus Christ, and the Holy Spirit, bless you and empower you to do his will! Thank you Senator!
@PressSec To get best insurance premiums, free market is way 2 go. To get even lower insurance premiums, medical costs need 2 be regulated.
Big question is why?  The free market healthcare system sucks, the VA that you guys run sucks.  There are no answers without massive reform

Don't no why Ran Paul isn't getting equal time. Guess becuz he's not part of the swamp.
What the fuck have you been doing up to now Paul. Get your head out of your ass and do your job
What BS
I wonder if members of congress really think they are some sort of superstar vs being servants of the people
Get government out of healthcare
Couldn't you have passed last bill and still worked for more free market reforms? Why burden citizens with mandate while you make speeches?
Investigate comrade General Kelly for subversion and spying on POTUS. The enemy is within.
Why do you all keep wasting taxpayer money to fight this health care war ?
I wish you'd spend your efforts getting legislation passed so @POTUS wouldn't have to issue EO's.
Thank you so much!!!
RINOs and Dems want no victory for our duly elected President Trump
U R part of the problem and will be voted out next time around,
I'm still fighting for one you to abolish the mandates.
to late. I'm staying home next cycle. Let's the frogs boil
Just repeal the darn thing. Government  has no business in health insurance.
Get it done! The Dems allowed their piece of crap to get done and we can't? Come on!
No compromising. Free market solutions only. Destroy all govtcare.
One thing Dems do well is change the playing field. Rep need to do this. Get rid of Obamacare then work on repeal.
No Govt Replacement!!! Just repeal
You lost your voice with me You get nothing done ever! Every vote to get nothing done hurts this country
Rand, at what point will your uncompromising position lead us to where the demos really want us?  Single payer!
AHPs expand the employer-based system without reforming that system.
As it should be
Too much fighting and not enough work. Let's get this done! If be fired if I worked like our Govt.
Someone who actually is a doctor writing a healthcare proposal.. Imagine that.
For our Constitutional integrity, for authentic history, for American freedom never to be usurped - may justice, truth & honor prevail
Free Market?! Get real! There is no Free Market. Few companies running the show. No competition. Almost every industry. No Antitrust laws!
I haven't seen anything from you except NO.
Prob is market nt free. Prices R out of ctrl. At lst 800% increase since 07. Pass a bill wnt roll it back instnt. Can't leave peeps hanging
Your complete lack of understanding of free markets is astonishing.
How about financially Fair market reforms. You still have no intention of quality affordable health care for the American people
Nice job now stop talking and ACTUALLY GET IT DONE#SMALLBUSINESS
Rand, stand up for our POTUS
Stand with Rand
Fighting more 4 some kind of unity & no more 'Lone Righteous only my way Ranger'- Bad 4 - Give n Take - And work on it once it shows unity
Group POOL is best idea and health savings acct
Do you read any of these comments to your tweets... from the PEOPLE, your employers... or just keep grandstanding!?
@RandPaul why don't you speak to someone like @TexasGenetics who has worked in the industry his whole life to make educated decisions?
Yeeeehawww,,,congrats,,,small victory but a victory none the less. Keep fighting and thanks
With all due respect, it's not up to you. It's up to Americans. All Congress needs to do is #DontStopRepealin.
But every time U senator show up We the ppl loose. Nothing gets done.
It's what we had before AHCA, so what's to insure it will be affordable? Free market doesn't work with big Pharm collusion and price setting
And Dental, that's a racket as well. No one mentioning dental at all. It should be inclusive as part of health care.
Need to get rid of insurance companies and provide a method of Direct Pay to providers.
Keep fighting the good fight!
Why dont Gov stay the hell out of healthcare, allow open market and only require insurers to cover preexisting, allow own doc?
Take your time...meanwhile I can't afford to use my health insurance that I'm required to pay for.
Free market doesn't belong in healthcare
You go Rand!!  Repeal. Replace with ONLY free-market system !!
The only way to get prices down is competition. Let folks buy across state lines and join large co-ops. This will take care of preexisting.
Rand Paul has what this country needs. His plan pretty much stops Socialist government healthcare, yea.
Why is this tied to "membership in a trade or professional group"? Why can't anyone do it? There should be a generic group anyone can join.
fighting is NOT enough, WINNING is what matters
The Federal Government is double-taxing senior citizens, help stop this abuse by signing this petition: http://fwact.org/ErsTwgA 
We didn't elect Repubs to "repeal & replace". We elected 'em to REPEAL!
You lost your chance to repeal Obama care... you voted for it!!
The key to healthcare is free-market not free health care. Get government out of the health care business, someone has to pay for it
No, you're fighting to kill people. That's what you fight for. So much for pro-life...
You're a bum. Day late
Time for health care for all! We need to take the insurance lobbies out of the health care program!!
Insurance company's will take advantage of free market forces!!
It’s a cartel with crony politicos.  Vested interest getting monopoly profits are too strong.
No they are not
Fix and shore up the ACA. Do the right thing for a change. Vote thinking about what Jesus taught you. Take care of the sick and elderly.
For a party that claims to be pro-life you are sure pushing hard to murder millions of Americans. What's up with that Paul?
People need to take care of themselves. Smokers should not get any help if they get lung cancer.
Drivers that get into accidents shouldn't be covered either. If you eat and choke on it, sorry. Heart attack? Too bad too much salt...
Hopefully all of the republican plans will fail. Healthcare for all with a single payer is the fair and equitable way to go.
Go get them Mr senator. We know you're working for the people.
Prayers for the imaginary senator that’s hospitalized
Conservatives are, Republicans are not
I believe that you have the best interest of the people at heart.
Do the #fullrepeal
Just a bandaid for a plane crash victim.
Lovers of liberty are behind your Sen Paul. Keep up the good fight. #sticktoitiveness
YES!!! Keep fighting! We do not want the dems' socialized healthcare!!!!
Fight for total repeal...first..then start from scratch
Then when it comes time to use the insurance, many of these people will find that their ailment is not covered or lifetime limits very low.
That is a big mistake. Every other country has figured out free market and good health care are incompatible.
Go, Paul.
All 5 of them?
And Democrats are still fighting to lead the public down the path of destruction.
That's unfortunate.
Single-payer now, please.
It's over... and that's your fault.
I appreciate your having a proposal.  Far as I can tell the other nay sayers (e.g. McCain) aren't offering constructive alternatives.
