Disagree. This is private arms sales and not a US hand out. Also will help limit collateral damage in defending against Yemen Rebel govt.

You establishment Republicans need to get onboard and support President Trump. That's why we elected Trump because people like you!!
Ok ya lets support a government that supports terrorists. What has Trump done? Backed Iran deal. He's just the latest #BiglySwamp
Lol your BOY BARACK made the stupid Iranian deal. Barack is pro terrorist! 4 Americans died in Benghazi because of incompetence and lies
@RandPaul We HOPE this deal that could be used one day to turn on America & Israel is STOPPED short JOBS OK But not this DANGEROUS!

Thank you, @RandPaul, from a Syrian Christian. Please stop @realDonaldTrump from arming the very people that want us dead.
THANK YOU! Brains here people. Saudis fund terrorists...
Force an arms race? Iran is going to grow its arsenal with or without this deal. Do you think it's wise to allow them proceed unchallenged?
Republicans are just as corrupt globalists as liberals I keep saying that I only trust president trump
Without a doubt... Both Rs and Ds are worthless, and prefer power within their hands rather than giving it back to the people.
You going against Trump, you're going against us " The People "
Conservative? Quit shilling for Trump. Saudis fund terrorists and this will come right to our soil... educate yourself....
Please recall too that Yemen Rebel government launched a missile at Riyadh SA the day before Trump arrived. Stopped by Patriot missile.
No!
Breitbart, Rand?  No.
Actually Rand is my #2 in Washington after DJT.  He is a principled conservative & an ally of the president. OK to disagree on some issues.
Agreed. Arms deal should be stopped.
Stunning how arrogant you are!
Thank god in heaven your didn't get close to the presidency
Well he's here now when we need leadership
Let it go! Support ur president and constituents not ur personal agenda
So, sacrifice your principles just to "support your president and constituents"? Sounds kind of flip flopish, really.
@Potus said about his deals=it has to be good for both sides.  Saudis investing M's/B's in the U.S. in exchange for arms.
Same shit different day with u Paul. Anything positive to move America forward u kill it.  Get on board or stay off the boat. Over it!
Quit shilling for Trump. Educate yourself. Saudis fund terrorists and this will bring it right to our soil. I can't even with you people.
Why would you be against the arms deal? That's jobs and money for our country!
Jobs and money aren't the issue! Good Lord above my head is going to explode .... this Saudi BS FUNDS TERRORISM... EDUCATE YOURSELF. PLEASE
Did u watch Fox &Friends report this AM around the Spying of Amers since 2011? How about looking into the O admin Spying  on Americans
You do realize this is Rand Paul right?
Our govts collect every piece of our data illegally & cant track a U.K. Libyan who had travelled to Syria & Libya recently. Don't be naive.
You need to support @POTUS  he is trying to get something accomplished.  If we wont sell to SA someone else will
This is why no one listens to you!
Never trumper never MAGA. Also. Swamp dweller
shut up Rand...just shut up.  How about showing outrage over NSA Spying?  Get on that instead.
It's obvious to US Saudis are NOT really our friends!!!!
Now you worry about ISIS, Sen Paul? Where was concern when McCain Clinton Obama were aiding/abetting formation of & arming of ISIS? Crickets
I oppose the deal.. feel like there is something more to it
Once again,@RandPaul the obstructionist. You're smart! LEAD, not snip at heels like some kind of brat. Build consensus for your positions.
It's time to take chances and believe accept the deal.
I'm pissed if kushner set this up straight away I'm more pissed if trump knew from the get go
Good tell your president up his
Get them to commit Senator, see who the cowards are.
Please don't give up the fight for negotiation over war.
@IntelligentDad @BreitbartNews I stand with Trump on this.
Good to know you stand with Trump supporting terrorism.
LOSER
You lose all credibility when you cite a Breitbart article!
I'm not sure I agree with you on this. I look forward to hearing your thoughts on this complicated issue. Keep up the good work. We are KY!
Special prosecutor needed for Seth Rich
@POTUS we the people do NOT want to sell weapons to Saudi Arabia. @RepAndyBiggsAZ @JeffFlake  @SenJohnMcCain  -85142
Did you force a vote on the Iran deal?
Are those weapons going to end up causing more problems or more profits. ........ or both?
If we don't sell them Germany will!
Shut up , Iran Obama sponsors of terrorism, does not want us to deal with Saudi's stop obstructing
Wrong if the various factions of Islam want to kill each other I am ALL FOR IT
Rand Paul is probably one three Congressmen whole have their heads on straight. Go Rand. Look at Saudi Arabia and then look at Detroit Mich.
where were you when Obama made the deal with Iran
It is simple. The Constitution.
We shouldn't arm the main exporter of Radical Islam
Saudi Arabia is responsible for the majority of radical Islam (funding Wahhabism) around the world, Iran takes up the slack.
Actions of elected officials should be published every day, but the media is more interested in it's own agenda.
An this is why you can never be potus
Paul I hear you but the facts are we need Saudi royal Kingdom too help fight terror.  We can't do it without them
Not selling them more weapons will just turn them into Philippines in the long run, or Iran.  It's coming and we can't hold it off.
- & your solution to jihadists? Dig a deeper hole in sand? Legalize pot? Libertarianism is an incomplete thought.#draintheswamp
So we should definitely arm the countries that are arming the jihadi. Great idea.
Lack of understanding of libertarianism is an incomplete existence.
- Libertarianism is a better packaged anarchy. (Rules & regulations/laws come in handy for a civilized society.)
You're clearly lacking in your understanding. But you're welcome to believe what you like.
Paul is a much more interesting senator than presidential candidate.
Why didn't you stop Obama from giving 150 billion to our enemies? Cause it was done illegally in the middle of the night? You're a POS!
He needs to get on board
I admit I ? the deal good or bad but Workin w Saudi's n long run does keep us out save tax $$$ can we/ they guarantee not fall enemy hands
Nice try but how many politicians take campaign donations from weapons manufacturers?
Come on Rand Paul just come out of the closet, you are a Democrat loud and proud
What? Going to have to go golf for a loyalty talk again. Of course we shouldn't sell them arms. #clueless #allaboutthe$
They will loose the election. We should NOT be doing business with murderers and we should not be doing it either.
When we realize what Saudi Arabia does & what they say is not what they believe.  Quran, bible, & book of momon all condemn non believers.
Stop your BS and get behind our President. The people didn't want you.
What, you'd rather the Saudis buy their weapons from Russia?
The Saudi royals seem to have figured out terrorists hate them too. Iran's fomenting will bite them back at some point too. Stand down Rand
Say yes to the deal, support the President !
Shouldnt a vote on #Clintons #Uranium Sales Deal #Theft come first? WHY 1 Vote and #NOT the OTHER VOTE? seems Hillary #Colluded with #Russia
I'm wondering when you started a vote to oppose the money obama gave to Iran
You just lost 2018. Count on it.  We are sick and tired of your constant interference, the political bs and total lack of leadership
He already won 2016.  Saudi Arabia hasn't helped yet, why would the truly start now?  Do you know how much weapons we all ready gave them?
We also rounded up an Arab team to lend tacit support to Israel, leaving Abbas on an island, forces Pal. to the table.
Come on dude your just like the DemocRAT join the team, you lost my Kentucky vote ... more will come!!!
Lets not! Why cant you back the President? Why ? So you can snuff the Opposition?
#MAGA ppl wail about Sharia law and 'all' Muslims, yet support selling billions in arms to jihad financiers + strictest Sharia country? SAD!
The Saudis have had no problem buying weapons, its getting their military motivated/ trained. Sale is to help U.S. manufacturers. Consider
Please think about it and reconsider
Would you rather we level the playing field in ME w/ Iran and force them to fight their own battles or have to show up 2 do it for them?
Senator Paul, I respect you right to have an opposing position. I also respect you personally.  But please reconsider. Let's be united.
Seth Rich
Why didn't you stop Hillarys uranium deal?
Be careful doing the right thing could cost you.  Trump and King Salman are using the Orb of Saruman.  Americans are many steps behind you.
I support US/Saudi Arabia arms deal. It is a good deal for both US and KSA military and for jobs. I am overruling #RandPaul. #Tatiana
Money talks, Saudi Arabia rules the world - how can you stop isis by arming the country that arms and supports isis?
V.Well done. As someone on the left of the political spectrum,I wish more politicians had your sense of principle.@medeabenjamin @ChrisCuomo
Why can't you do your damn job and let the president do his.  We are sick of this crap. You need to worry about the healthcare and budget.
YOU FREAKING GUYS CAN'T LEAVE ANYTHING ALONE. NO WONDER OBAMA RULED FOR 8 YRS. YOU ARE LOSERS
(Control it )
Excellent. This man is doing more than anyone else in Washington, including @SenSanders, to stop U.S. foreign aggression.
Great! Hopefully it will get stopped!
Unfortunately you or @ronpaul is not "entertaining" enough for the common man.
Even though @RandPaul would have been the best president for the people - and the world.
I'm not sure what is right on this particular issue, but I'm starting to really respect Rand Paul.
He's always been like this, just for some reason people didn't notice when it really would have really count.
I believe it.  I for one just never paid as close attention to politics as we all need to now.
Rand Paul has said Donald Trump is a delusional narcissist and an orange-faced windbag, How right can someone be?
He's never said that.
More than once he did
Good boy Rand!! But you wont stop them.
Sen. Murphy (D-CT) is also critical of the deal. Would you co-sponsor with him?
No offense Matt but the fawkin Dumbocraps & Liberals r against anything Trump does Rand though is awake like Trump must c something else
This is America so please speak English.
