REPEAL and just let the market work, America get a job and buy medical insurance. REAL SIMPLE!
Not sure what you mean @TheKIDDpicks  Can't screw middle class worse than Obamacare Are you wanting welfare? Clean Repeal @RandPaul
Our biggest welfare problem is the welfare we give to the wealthy and their corporations.
Something needs 2 be done to help elderly ! They always get hurt!
they practically need to strip all finances to qualify for Medicare and have long term care covered
Program's to help elderly are MUCH more needed then funding illegals & refugees! Makes my blood BOIL!
Medicaire rates high among retirees if accompanied with a supplemental plan.
yes, it is to high for them. Many live on 1300 a month or less!
sorry I meant most seniors like Medicaire.  Avg SS check about 1300/mo.
HC, rent, H20, electric, meds. They don't have much & get screwed the most!
true, but the government is intent on getting any wealth away from seniors.
thanks for standing up for Kentuckians and being a voice of reason !
If the Freedom Caucus isnt heard out it deserves to fail, n Trump needs to back off on threatening the Freedom Caucus
media said he threatened, caucus says it was light hearted.
to build a new structure you need to demolish the old to build the new. Let's get r done
I  remember during the election(weasel behavior)& I will remember this- Support Pres Trump& take first step to end Ocare #PassAHCA
Not sure why President Trump is pushing this fraud of a bill by @SpeakerRyan!
Yank it. It needs work, badly. This stinks of a college paper written a day or two before turn-in. We can wait a while longer.
thank u for fighting the tyranny of the Ryan h/care bill. Full repeal & free market, it's so simple.
~ why are your concerns not being addressed?
In other words, just well-off white people should come to us for hips and knees. Barf!
STAY STRONG!  Welfare/Medicade extensions to healthy young dudes, limited choice, GOV involvement! NO WAY!  CLEAN REPEAL! #MAGA
Just saw Meadows on Fox. Looks like the cave is coming.  Rs are so annoyingly predictable. Here we go again!!!!!!
Ryan Care
@Mathiasian I hope you all can work together to come to an agreement. We need to repeal and replace and move on to taxes and JOBS
@lgmaterna repeal and get a job.
@PJKirk7 Scrap it and get the Government Out of Healthcare
it's too late to get healthcare out of government trump knew that in primaries
trump said sorry we're stuck with it
spot on as usual
@VP @POTUS *HATE the fact of failure but @SpeakerRyan should of included the Freedom Caucus in negotiations and DJT should listen
can we try working as a team to create something great and then go with that? Or do i need political sciencedegree?
comey should be fired.  Sleeper O man!!!!!
And what do we do in the mean time! Maybe you will help pay for med. expense's . And since when does a "child" of 26 can't pay
We need a different speaker. He should hve listened t RandPaul. Usually arrogance comes t fall.
why will they not negotiate with conservatives?   If it's true we will be paying more for insurance, this is crazy.
please don't use Breitbart as a source. They are not trustworthy.
I hope so I want gov't out of healthcare! Thank you Sen Paul!
Well the. Feel free to opt of of Medicare.
shame on you, U should have worked TOGETHER to have a bill ready day 1. instead you cry because it wan't yours interest
why can't congress simply make it so insurance cos have to compete nationwide?   Why does this have to be tied up?
THEY WILL NOT HAVE THE VOTES. I GUARANTEE IT.
You should be ashamed.  You are mad because no one is listening to you.  Get with the program. You are such a baby it's pathetic.
it doesn't have to be a perfect bill but its got to fundamentally reverse the negative affect of ACA. This one doesn't go far enf
the problem is they are limited because of democrats that easily can stop changes.
Reply to @kachmar_susan @RandPaul Fair enough, Susan. Im assuming there is some kind of bi-partisanship - which is a faulty assumption.
Everyone knows Breitbart is #fakenews. Please! @JamesDoss50 @BreitbartNews
omg.  Really- that is what u think.  You are insane
good start over, Re-negotiate! Let Doctor Rand Paul take the lead!
and are you happy about that?
if I didn't need my insurance desperately for all of my health issues I would drop it!!! My premiums quadrupled under Obamacare!!!
Hold strong Senator.
Thank you for representing us senator.  #standwithrand #fullrepeal
Stand firm against Obamacare lite.
Get rid of group plans all health insurance plans must be individual or family and not from employer free market works
RINO care no way!
Paul Ryan the SNAKE still has gun control language in Healthcare Bill.  NOT GOOD, NOT GOOD!
Not a good idea? You have one chance until the Democrats maybe take over in 2018.  Do not lose it. Please Keep Congress red.
Great work, stand fast!  Drain the OBAMACARE SWAMP entirely!  FULL REPEAL was promised.
As they should. It needs work, there is nothing wrong with admitting that.
Help simple Americans understand, Rand. WHY can't they just remove the mandate?! Why must this be so hard?
This bill is a good first step to replacing Obama care ... WTH are you thinking ?
@shawn_kenagy think you are right
can we please address the R&D model for pharmaceuticals, and if 20 year patent monopolies are justified?
@NatShupe Sen Paul I wish U and your colleagues would help Pres Trump! We're all on the same side! The American Citizens 
TY we need #FullRepeal
Stand firm guys! I voted for a REPEAL not a FIX on Obamacare!
Senator remain strong and stand for we the people please, No obamacare 2.0, tell POTUS not to rush and be decieved
the people are behind you and the rest of the freedom caucus --we do not like or want ryan's plan--the President will lose support
Hope they do. Ryan will destroy the gains by conservatives unless POTUS stops him. Ryan is Judas.
it's all about you right Rand !
even if it is, "Repeal!"  Then replace!
Dear @GOP Why did you put a person who couldn't sell himself & Mitt Romney for @potus and @vp in charge of complex issue of healthcare?
I would pull bill and start again ! Americans are counting on you all to come together for a good healthcare plan!
group plans sound good, but keep expanded medicaid. It's an essential public service.
In case you aren't hearing us: Vote No!  It's not good policy.
Then get in there and help. Get this done and quit just talking about getting it done
#WeThePeople demand a NO VOTE on #AHCA #PullAHCAnow #Indivisible #2018 #2020 backlash #WomensMarch #RockTheVote
We hope so! This current legislation isn't fit for the congressional toilets.
I know you won't be intimidated. Please do not vote for the proposed AHCA.
Thank you Senator Paul!
@benshapiro let's hope
don't give in, Paul Ryan is nothing more than a sell out fraud wanting this to fail.
so Rand what does it take for your side to pass a bill? Will you negotiate on anything or does it have to be all your way?
Tell POTUS I didn't campaign for him 21/2years just to get shit on! His broken promises are a reflection on all who repeated them.
Yes, and then a fresh start starting with repeal!
@pettittrucking Repeal first. Every word. Leave nothing for the Dimms to hurt us in the future with.
Exactly none of this Ryan/TrumpCare crap we need free markets ! ! !
Let's hope @RandPaul can hold the freedom caucus to the conservative standard and they'll vote against this crappy bill too
@pettittrucking
Hey Rand, why don't you just give us the same HEALTH CARE that the Senators get? We all Americans Right? Deserve the same no? @RandPaul
What is sad Rand, is that there are ONLY 35 no votes. Our Republic's representatives no longer represent us.
Pull it and start over
many of us behind you, we just aren't loud
thanks for another disappointment!
many of us Trump Supporters support you. I dislike Paul Ryan. Distrust him. And his health package. No to Ryan. Yes to Rand
they better, it's a shit bill
Please be a team player ! Do not fall into the category of OBSTRUCTIONIST! Set aside the ego...
say no to RyanTrump Healthcare!
I THOUGHT THAT NOBODY IN THE PARTY WAS/IS AS SLEAZY AS RYAN - BUT GOT THE PRIZE
Voters expect a clean repeal of Obamacare! Ryan's bill DOES NOT repeal Obamacare, DOES NOT bring down premiums. #StartOver #VoteNo
then just let it fail all on its own.

I hope your correct. But if they pass it sure would help the dems in 2018
#StandWithRand I hope you are correct!
Need more competition in health field, there is not a market.  A simple broken bone can cost an individual thousands of dollars.
We want REPEAL not replacement with obamacarelite.  We need to go back to the drawing board&make free market, competitive plan.
please stand strong and don't let this pass
should be a lot more than 35!
FULL REPEAL! Then draft a new bill for sales across state lines. DONE!
Time for you to get with the party and stopped taking your fight public.
get Obamacare out NOW
@benshapiro Any Republican that doesnt support potus must not be reelected. My ins premiums skyrocketed w Obama care. I pay my way
#StandWithRand
if they pull the bill! Democrats will take over so tired of GOP from the pass
FULL REPEAL OR NO DEAL!
Pull the bill & fix it! Repeal 1st! Torte reform, lower drug costs, buy across state lines. Ok to expand Medicare. #ObamacareLite
They should pull the bill, and Paul Ryan should stop jerking off the Elites.
@StacyBrewer18 @BreitbartNews Good.  Last thing we need after Obama is Obama plus.  Its past time for Ryan to be flushed.
great, give dems more fuel, block the agenda, lose in 18. Idealism great, but loses
Good...don't replace a car with four flat tires with one that only has three flat tires
Get Paul out ! let real bill in by new people Who know how to please the USA
Outstanding! The plan was garbage from the start. Need to repeal & replace Ryan as well.
you're a negative person. Instead of working with them to get it done right the 1st time you're always on TV saying it's not good
Honorable Sen @RandPaul you're one of my favs in DC. But why not get started with the AHCA pro-growth tax cuts? @larry_kudlow is right.
Bless you, Senator Paul. I stand with Rand! No RINOcare!  @realDonaldTrump stand with Rand! #FullRepeal Stop @SpeakerRyan
My healthcare insurance has increased 300% since inception! New bill says it may save 10 %. What a joke! @RandPaul @mikeroweworks @FoxNews
Enough of the games. Republicans will solidify their position if they just put REPEAL on the block and do replace later.
they need to pull the bill.  It's not ready yet and will end the same way as Obamacare.  Take time to do it right.
@DebWilliams57 #Repeal then free open states market. Govt can subsidize the truly poor in need. How hard is that? Govt OUT of HC!
@sav01 Totally agree!
A grateful electorate is thankful, sir.
SO DO I ! LETS FIX IT! TRUMP WANTS TO DO THE BEST THING FOR THE PEOPLE! HE IS REASONABLE AND SMART!
I don't care how many times you guys vote the bill down,rewrite it and get it right.arguement in this case,is a good thing.
thanks for fighting RyanCare. We want a full repeal then replacement.
Awesome.  You rock!  Thank you for your commitment to the American people!
illegals can get tax credits who wrote this?
Thank you for standing and fighting for us on healthcare bill!
it's a shame because we have an opportunity to do real change with the GOP in control.  Very disappointed
if my coverages keep getting worse but costs keep going up, then you might be the only safe GOP re-elected.
Get with the program you fool or be the cause for an unnecessary DNC victory.  A yes vote gets rid of Obama taxes!
pass Randcare
I'm disgusted w/ you all!  Both houses of Congress and Presidency and STILL can't govern!  Shameful!
Yes. At least Dems stick together!
@Ole_S_Hansen maybe give up on health care, move on to tax cuts?
Get rid of health care for illegals, help the elderly, sick, the handicapped, lower costs for poor, middle class & cover existing
@POTUS total Reapeal & replace premiums too high too many entitlements average American still can't afford
stand strong rand
oh this is what you all voted for I hope you all get screwed
we need Rand, Ted, Louie in the Senate to come up with a good bill. I hope Trump listens and rejects this bill. Ryan is a Rino.
I do not understand why you all can not work this our - hope it is not ego driven - get it together!  Risk in not passing
I am fine with repeal and replace for most part - just remember some folks can not fend for themselves - old and diabled
I am concerned that you all do not know the impact of your actions.  There are some folks - old and disabled - that need care...
Eating your own is a great strategy to make the most of the situation, once that fails let's fail at tax reform too.
Sorry I don't read @BreitbartNews in the comments the faggots bash Christians but Christians get banned for speaking out
please sit down with President Trump and create the AHCA together!! #startover
Thank You!
fix the bill!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ridiculous! You have the ability. PASS THIS DAMN BILL AND MOVE ON!
He's a con artist.
support the POTUS in this bill and amend it later. Just get it done or it may never happen!  Do it!!!
If 2018 comes around and Obamacare is still on the books, DONT ASK FOR OUR VOTES AGAIN! Do what you gotta do to get it DONE!
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @USATODAY
I #StandWithRand
@theresamax Until costs of insurance, hosptials and prescriptions are brought down, no healthcare system will work.
full repeal-personal mandate alone is over reach
I hope whatever plan you come up with, ALL politicians in DC have to use it as well. I expect a Cadillac plan like YOU have now.
God bless you and thank you senator!
it is obvious you want to repeal but not replace. wrong path.
@KassyDillon don't make obamacare light, it won't work. Market version or NHS version. Obamacare worst of both
@FreedomWorks let's hope this taught the RINO's that we'll only expect full repeal and the free market
STAY STRONG. YOUR HEALTH CARE PLAN MAKES SENSE AND WILL DRIVE INSURANCE PRICES DOWN RYANCARE WILL  PRICES.
@POTUS @HouseGOP I VOTED @KYComer @RandPaul @SenateMajLdr  @GovMattBevin PROMISED FULL #repealobamacare NOT #RepealAndReplace
I support you 100% on this, Rand. I don't want Obamacare, but I don't want my party to own the disaster they are trying to pass.
I will support NOTHING @SpeakerRyan touches.  #NoRyanCare
can't they just repeal first
yay. That bill sux and errbody know it
I hope so and I hope everyone comes together to create something awesome. I think u should put 4ward repeal bill asap.
YESSSS!!!!!
 The people spoke on Election Day and are speaking out now. Kill the Bill!
Thanking God right now. I wonder if @RealDonaldTrump & ENTIRE @GOP know what a HUGE favor u R doing for them? The PEOPLE sure do!
Thank you for standing your ground on this.
@ReaganiteGOPer
@NatShupe dishonest hacks @BreitbartNews aka Trumpbart want to pretend Trump wasn't  involved. It's  #Trumpcare.! #tcot #tlot
Six years to get this right.     What the heck??????
Good! #noobamalight
Hang tough Sen. Paul! We The People are with you. ALL OR NOTHING!!
MY DAD used to tell US, "If you're not going to do something RIGHT don't bother doing it at all"!!!
The question is how can there be so many YES votes? The bill rescinds nearly nothing.
@NatShupe Please Senator Paul wk w/Pres Trump, full repeal w/2yr protection:then reform regs, sale across st lines,free market!!
@natshupe and shame on all of you.....you have had 7 years!!! The swamp is not going down easy and is filled with many GOP!
I predict weget rid of Rand Paul! Just like his father!
good
@benshapiro Take more. time. Get it right.
Hold firm, Senator.  We need the right bill, not just any bill.
Well done Senator. Great news. Hold the line for us. Please.
@FreedomWorks @SpeakerRyan needs to be replaced as speaker. We need a conservative speaker. Can't happen soon enough for me.
Clean repeal could pass.
