Rand Paul needs to be included in the writing of the healthcare bill.  REPEAL & REPLACE OBAMA CARE, TOTALLY!
there should be no replace #FullRepeal no one gave a shat when we lost our ins,we dont care now #NoSympathy
I lost insurance twice under Obamacare. I don't care that people on free coverage lose
Why did you lose insurance under ACA?
they cancelled my plan FOR ACA
that says more about the insurance companies than the ACA, but I'm sorry to hear that
no they cancelled it DUE to costs of ACA. It wasn't profitable. They said specifically
I understand - the ins cos couldn't make enough profit. ACA isn't great - #singlepayer better
The answer really is improving the existing system instead of starting over. I do hope you have a nice day!
No. Obuma care is failing.
It's not, though. It just doesn't happen to be what the current Republican Party wants for US Healthcare.
yea sure and Hillary won.  Lol
She did not win the electoral vote, and therefore is not our President. In that regard you are correct
President Trump won by a Landslide. 
What would you define as a landslide?
300 or greater electoral votes. A 90% Red map. Looked liked the Verizon map. Lol
we love you, Rand! Let's get a REAL repeal! #RepealAndReplace
honoring the publics wishes on marijuana rights would go long ways in fixing healthcare costs.
Funny . I care more about people than pot everyone needs insurance that is affordable we need to take care of the young and the old !
no Federal involvement. Govt Ponzi scheme. DEFUND MEDICAID. My ins. $2100/mo.
That sucks
@realDonaldTrump @MikePenceVP  We want him to keep his promises of repeal and replace!! I stand with our President!
Eric boling is the same guy who tried to compare economic numbers under Obama at this point and Trump like they started in the same place.
repeal and replace we the American people are hurting!! The cost is a house note!!!
you all should have been more active in conversations with POTUS. I'm so sick of you guys playing politics.
I'm for Trump and I want the healthcare plan to be great and succeed! Do it again take time and make it better!
Republicans have shown they are NOT the good guys. The bad guys have consensus. Y we R no nation. U can't BUILD. SICK
most of them are the Koch brothers' lackeys
I would Love to have my old Insurance back! Still paying off my Cancer Surgery and have to get another one but have to wait .
You make a lot of sense Rand, Can't put it out til it does what trump said it will do!
I'am glad you exposed ACA aka obamacare lite and we need you to introduce your bill so we can get rid of this tyranny legislation
he doesn't have a bill
Rand has a bill he wrote, it's way shorter & no bullshit compared to Paul Ryan's several thousand pages of horrid crap.
paul ryan is obama side bitch
k I.
grow a set. Give Americans the same health care you have! You are not privileged. You think you are but
what about all the poor that will lose Medicaid in Kentucky
y'all could't pass bills under Obama and can't pass bills having house,senate or the president,y?
not matter what we need to be repealed it. It has to be soon  otherwise  ObamaCare will be  for ever. Hurry up,pls.
Continue to defund it an tell each other its gonna Fail.
whatever is the least coverage the people get, the politicians need get too. Then we will have good healthcare.
I just don't think it's the governments job to force people to buy a product that becomes too expensive to actually use.
ACLJ thinks not repealing with Ryan bill was not good. What about defunding planned parenthood?
start working now to fix health care
At least we can say we don't own it! ObamaCare sucks so we've got to get a better plan! I have ins. at work going up$
When ObamaCare explodes the Democrats will come running with their tail between their legs!
@ericbolling is not on my ballot
Ryan also know's it. I believe that RINO Ryan may have DELIBERATELY SABOTAGED the bill from the start.
if this bill passes, does it not come to you next so you can make changes to it?
Eric is a good guy
I don't acceptance keeping Obamacare is alike garbage! We decide boycott Obamacare now!
you screwed the middle class Rand
Then what is your plan?
thanks for the heads up, I'll be sure not to watch
Then obamacare 1.0 is the answer? Idiot!
-Ultra conservative Tom DeLay told Neil @TeamCavuto today that GOP shud avoid "pay for" trap! And get things DONE!
please unleash the free market in healthcare-the only thing that can save it
Government isn't qualified to run healthcare. A good haircut is long overdue.
but the votes aren't there for doing it freedom caucus style. Better Obamacare lite than Obamacare heavy. Listen to WSJ.
we had hopes but fading fast say good buy to the house and senate # disappointed but not surprised!
ir we can't it's on us
I don't want to be told by the government what i want or what i need kill the law we can take care of ourselves
Thank you Rand for having the backs of the American people and President Trump Standing up to globalist #GetRidRyan

Give him a minute,  it'll get done. Full repeal, #SinglePayer for all, buy insurance on free market if
Sad, we must face reality it won't, they have had 7 years & now with full governmental control!
Yes, but guess what?  continue to suffer why you all have pissing contest. Still stuck with unaffordable ins. Tax fines for not afford ins
@mitchellvii Health Care should NEVER be a Federal Gov't program.   Leave it to the States.
Repeal only. American people are the ones suffering. We are the ones paying for it.
Honestly, you guys have truly hurt the Trump agenda!  Nothing is going to get done!
@ski95252 @ericbolling So 1 Trillion in cuts held up while we suffer runaway prem/deduc. Ideology gets u on tv & us poor.
Lost all respect for all who voted no and did not support this phase of repeal. You care NOTHING for the people ursad
Call the legislators to get to work on healthcare a few more months on 8 years is painfully incompetent.  Politicians
We got it: You NEVER wanted to repeal Obamacare. You had 7 years to prepare but it is now clear you never REALL wanted. You lied 2 ur voters
@nuffzenuff @ericbolling Rand rocks,but Bolling is a Trump BJ expert.
He just hides behind his "conservative values" to argue the new bill does not go far enough.
randpaul really likes the ACA.  His state would have been crushed with the repeal.
on to giving billion dollar corporations huge tax cuts.  Woohoo!!!  That is much more important than healthcare.
I agree, work with @POTUS to get a real replace bill that is better.
The exchanges will lose more Ins Co by open Enrollment, Obamacare was always a short term fix.
@ski95252 @ericbolling agree with your assessment of this poor attempt at repealing Obamacare.
Rand Paul is obstructionist not part of solution but part of problem
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE your idea/solution for the healthcare bill Rand!!  Looking forward to U taking over & shutting Paul Ryan down!
then we will be stuck with it. I don't trust you guys to get anything done concerning health care.
how do you pass repeal 6 times knowing it's not going anywhere to this mess? Is get fired for a performance like this
@jko417 @ericbolling Getting everything can through Reconciliation needs only 51 senate votes. Now you'll need 60. Never get Dems
how do you get a repeal through with 60 votes... this is what I don't understand ...???
An idiot pretending to be something he is not.
@PAMsLOvE @ericbolling Per House members, phone calls on the GOP health bill run 50-to-1 against. Pay attention!
the bill needs work. Better to wait and do it right, than to hurry it thru and it be as bad as Obamacare
why did we jot hear of your Bill S222?  I just read it & it's exactly what we asked for.
@Mike_Beacham @ericbolling  THANK YOU SENATOR PAUL
.@RandPaul @mcencrowe @ericbolling Bolling is a Trump shill. Don't let him fool you. Trump pushed for this bill.
Apparently not a shill if he opposed Trump.
dear senator.  We who support you. And DJT. Hate Paul Ryan. And his plan sucked !
I agree Senator. It was a bad plan to begin with
#Ryancare
one of the few things he gets.
Obamacare is difficult to replace because it shouldn't be.  Repeal only.
It's not about healthcare. It's about insurance and profit from healthcare delivery. Zero leadership on this
@jokesonus4sure @ericbolling
your antics were unprofessional.. and you are part of the problem in DC..your message was made irrelevant as a result
@lynn_weiser @ericbolling Congratulations on making the PARTY LOOK STUPID & hurting @POTUS.
@Mike_Beacham @ericbolling   This was an embarrassment. ALL and I mean ALL facets of the R party should hang their head in shame.
Saddened that POTUS seemed to side w/Ryan instead of real conservatives.
The problem, though, is that very far right is very small, too small to rule the roost.
So what now, we wait 5 months before we see anything else coming out of Congress?  This crap has to change
Why didn't you put your plan forward, numerous others said they worked on plans, where are they? Thought Sec Price 2.
Jeez Senator beat some sense into these establishment sons a bitches would ya!
oops. I can admit a mistake.  I meant NEWS.
Yahoo join me on the state sponsored new source
we don't need a rearrangement of the entitlement for people who don't contribute we need it removed
where's your plan for 7 years? GOP been whining filing appeal 7 yrs with nothing ready to submit! Not partisan
@LizCox156 @ericbolling Rand, u need to get your shit together and work with Trump to get it repealed.  Otherwise, switch parties
GOD BLESS U SENATOR PAUL! U DID THE PRESIDENT&THE AMERICAN PEOPLE A BIG FAVOR! GOD BLESS U&KEEP U SAFE SENATOR PAUL
YOU ARE SO RIGHT.
BOTH WARRING GOP FACTIONS NEED 2 WORRY ABOUT THE WARRING AMERICANS THAT WANTED 2 GET RID OF OBAMACARE.
@GreeneyedMinx2 @ericbolling You mean Paul RINO Ryan Care?
Work together and find a way to get ALL Americans insurance!!!!!
This is all true BUT Paul's plan has ABSOLUTELY NO chance of passing if he is going to be truthful. 60 votes. No way!
so were is ur legislation Sen. Paul??? stop the grandstanding and get law PASSED that repeals aca..
you lead the charge to let us all down. Can't trust anyone anymore. Including GOP

@BearRybak @ericbolling We appreciate this. We need a good replacement. Please lead this effort with POTUS. Ryan is a snake!!!!
to do whay?????
Dr. Paul, please draft a reasonable replacement for Obamacare. Let me know if you need any help.
I'm with @RandPaul and the Freedom Caucus on this one. We have to really repeal Obamacare; we don't want window dressing.
then what's your answer? Ed have had 7 years to come up w/replacement
Can U do all American a FAVOR,& start reporting all the people that Obamacare will get sicker & die!ObamaCARE EXPLODE
We need you to get in there and get this repealed!!  We trust you to do the right thing!!! Repeal.
LETS OBAMACARE EXPLODE! THAN THE PARASITES WILL HAVE THE SAME INS AS THE MIDDLE CLASS AMERICANS. NONE.
I get it to. I never buy what is almost what I want; I wait to find exactly what I want.
-- I hate it when I misspell -- too
i want no health care instead of Obama care its cheaper
Just watched you with Eric. You were spot on! As Eric implied your common sense approach exactly what is needed!
Senator Paul let a personal vendetta with Trump get in the way of doing whats right for Americans, so unfortunate
WE R LETTING OBAMACARE EXPLODE!U LET PEOPLE GET SICK&DIE 4 7yrs. HOW MANY YRS U R GOING 2 CONTINUE 2 STALL.BLOOD ON YOUR HANDS!
Obamacare is going to bankrupt half the country unless y'all get off your ***** and REPEAL AND REPLACE STAT
now Pelosi a Shumer can ride the sinking ship for good
Republican traitor.
SO...where's a bill @POTUS can sign...there is a #REPEAL bill available...#SENDTHEBILL
LEAVE OBAMACARE ALONE. You do not want your Political career to end like your dad's.
@rocgreco @ericbolling Then show leadership and spearhead next steps. Stop talking and act. Convince congress
Amen!
It is a shame
. It is a shame you were so afraid for someone get credit.for.anything other than you .
@holdem00 @ericbolling Obamacare still working against all Americans!It's better to get 1/2 of what you want versus nothing!
I respect your purity and want a full repeal too, but sometimes compromises are necessary for practicality
Thank you Senator Rand Paul! Thank you!
DVR set
cool, glad your on board Rand your important ,god bless scott
will be watching
Haste makes waste, it was a total dog of a bill, 7 yrs to come up with this?  Time for a reset.  Thank you!
Great job Dr. Paul. We are no better off today then we were yesterday? Now there is no repeal in sight.
obama took that ability away from me. YOU could have given it BACK TODAY! BUT YOU DID NOT! BY YOUR OWN STUBBORNNESS!
@realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan @SenTedCruz @SenateGOP better get working now on replacement for Obamacare
I had to make it somehow thru the weekend trying NOT to scream each time. because it HURT so bad. but I could not go to emergency.
just please listen to me .. last weekend I had hemorrhagic cystitis. yes peeing blood. and that hurts more than childbirth
I am not giving any of you Republicans a free pass,you had 7 years,what the hell happened and don't blame Trump.
Go Rand!  Fight team fight!
an "all of the above" H/C plan is what we need. Work requirements and copays for Medicaid.
I hope your victory tastes good to you. Because I FEEL like you set me up for rescue and then dunked me under and DROWNED me today!
do YOU Understand we don't CAre IF ITS perfect according to RAND PAUL we only WANT OBAMA CARE GONE FROM MENTION! and today you had a chance
We are seniors! and for the first time in our LIVES because obama stole our livelihood and gave it to others! we DARE Not get sick!
Obama CARE stole our LIFE SAVINGS trying to pay his premiums which are now higher than our house payment BY FAR! we have NO INSURANCE!
YET YOU refused to understand or compromise and now the democrats are salivating. towards single payer! WHOSE SIDE ARE YOU ON!
Hey Rand, when you're on with Bolling tell him the names of the 8 democrats you have to vote with you on full repeal
they told you it would have to be one step at a time. they told you it was all they could do with reconciliation.
Rand is my hero !!! Thank you for standing up for America!
Thank you SenPaul,all you contributed to debate."HealthCareIns≠Care" done right,not fast.
#ryansucks #resignfromspeaker
Keeping Obamacare full is not the answer. You really cannot come up w acceptable plan? POOR! UN-ACA is a disgrace!!
Get @VP, @DarrellIssa, committee chairs & all staff overnight in a room with pizza, don't leave til new bill is done
#StandWithRand
yeah.  Much better to let O care crash and hurt millions.  Easier to fundraise that way.
LOWER MY TAXES!!! NOW!!!
you have my backing, lets repeal and let the insurance companies battle it out..
Thank you thank you for standing strong.
mr Paul owns Obamacare now. Risky basket to put your eggs in, good luck!
That's fine that bolling gets it, you high $folks, while we little people get stuck in the middle of y'all bs
I hope you will tell us how you're gonna get a more conservative bill through Congress. Otherwise you're wasting time
Do not forget to watch Kentucky vs. UCLA at 8:45 pm CDT. #BBN #UKNationalChampions2017
So what's the next step.  Start working on Ins Co to negotiate group rates by profession.
We need TERM LIMITS for everyone in Gov.  Re-election is driving all decisions.
let it implode.
Small business owners are owed an apology for being screwed by Congress. Shame.
Please meet up w/ #POTUS and ask to be in charge w/your plan -- take the helm
thats a smart response
@JAmy208 @ericbolling Senator. You had 7 years. 7 years to develop a plan. I'm GOP. You AND Trump failed.
you will be eating crow when Dems take over Senate next election because Freeedom caucus is in civil war with GOP.
I like your plan Mr Paul but how can we get it past Senate without filibuster?  That is the problem...
@JAmy208 where’s your repeal bill, is it locked up?  Why hasn’t it been submitted?

the country will blame you and the Freedom Caucus, with good reason.
be looking forward to it!
federal government in our healthcare? Beware of progressives bill SB562 to be introduced in march or April !!!
@JudiLoera @ericbolling once u give free stuff out as in Obamacare u will never be able to take it away.that was BO's whole idea!
glad it failed, but you didn't vote for it because it wasn't hard enough on poor people  SHAME ON YOU.  Fox - really?
Disgusted with the Freedom Caucus and calling it lite. Republicans failed us.  A start was better than this mess.
Thanks for being part of the group in Washington that does nothing! Couldn't come up with anything in 7 years?
I need this bill passed. As of today my insurance no longer covers my asthma meds. An asthma attack can kill me.
@tweet4upatriots @ericbolling  what good is a Tax Cut! Obamacare just Suck$ extra $$ out of our paychecks!  #freedomcaucus u suck
