@AAntelmann22 @foxandfriends @FoxNews can we also repeal and replace John McCain and lyndsey graham?
maybe we can keep him out of the country now #travelban
well why wouldn't a republican look forward to fix and friends. No risk of tough questions or looking bad
you've bitched for 6 years & still don't have a plan that wld replace OCare, not as easy as it sounds
He does have a plan and has been talking about it for awhile.  https://www.paul.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/ObamacareReplacementActSections.pdf …
Well then show & tell!
Follow the link I posted: https://www.paul.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/ObamacareReplacementActSections.pdf …
Stick to your guns. Make Boehner eat his words and repeal and replace Obamacare!
Paul plan! Step 2 gov grants to ppl to buy private ins. 3 NO free ER
You need to have agreement! Get busy!
What happen to the fact that only 17 percent of Americans needing health care?
You always compare @SenSanders to Venezuela.  Guess what, both @realDonaldTrump & Venezuela banned @CNN
if Obamacare was so good, why force people to sign up?
sounds great! Exactly how is the replacement plan going to help poor & mid class? tax credits don't help
Don't forget seniors! Increase Social Security! More than 1% that's not enough! Costs R hi
I will vote against any that try to keep Obamacare in any fashion.
Have you not seen the outrage around the country at #gop town halls.  Hello ?
and?
And it's been 4 years of Paul morning about Obamacare, tuned him out it's a broken record
Yes, and the time is finally here to take action, and he's on the Frontline. Gut the ACA.
It appears that the incompetence of the #gop has turned public opinion in favor of #ACA
Oh please. This is going to happen, no matter what fictitious bullshit you try and spread.
Rand- where's the action out of Congress on this? 6 yrs of empty promises- lets pick up the pace here!
they don't have a plan.  Weird that they still don't have one after all of these years.
The plan should be to nix O'care & open cross-state competition. Get Fed govt out of it.
if it's that easy and efficient how come it hasn't been implemented yet?
Right, because Obama would of surely let a bill go through that removes his mandates...
O said he would support any plan that was better than what they passed.   Whr is it?
You mean the same guy who said "You can keep your Doctor"? You expect us to believe him?
where is the new plan?   Answer that simple question.
REAL healthcare reform is more important than political parties.
Did all that get lost in the shuffle?
Stop the crap,you have no Rplmt, if you did it would have been offered long ago. Throwing us under the bus
I certainly hope it means truly repealing it not "fixing" it.  It can not stand, it is killing us all!
Great! So U can leave 30 million without health care? You R failing America! #RepublicansMassMurder #Death
Why not go on a REAL news channel & face real reporters & stop threatening us with Healthcare & our lives@
when are you going to start standing up for us all. Do you see what Trump is doing come on!
Will you be replacing it with Single Payer? No? Enjoy your visit to the GOP Safe Space.
.@RandPaul Repeal it? No. Fix it. Millions count on the ACA. Republicans have no unified plan, after all these years. I find that amazing.
Please do. Not on ACA, but it effects my employer plan. RX is not covered until deductible is met. Ridiculous!
please sir soon. HSAs give freedom.
Repeal  #Obamacare now! Don't wait! Don't revise and fix!   
Why are the #republicans such weenies?
why!!! There are people that need the ACA !! Do your job!  Fix it do not repeal it
If ACA passed with 51 bud recon votes why can't replace be passed with 51 votes @realDonaldTrump
#Russiagate #Trumpdossier #Trumprussia
Why don't you stand up against Trump and Sessions on them wanting to get a lot tougher on marijuana laws!
Mr Rand Paul u and trey Gowdy..pres Trump...are true great Americans...sean Hannity to...thank u...
- Hope they come up with a better plan than OC & soon.
@GOP @SpeakerRyan @realDonaldTrump  Thank you for fighting for #WeThePeople! #StandwithRand #RepealandReplace
you're a strong, sensible voice.  I appreciate your help to #MAGA.
It may be a good time to start an unannounced campaign for The Presidency 2020. This legislation is a WIN.
@FoxNewsGot to do something about deductibles and Co-pay. Bring in More providers from overseas to compete.
yes needs stop most people protesting don't even have it
how will you convince your compatriots ,fellow  republicans to support you?With deeds not just words?
@realDonaldTrump Price of drugs, Hospitals & Doctor charges out of control. U take lobby $, U don't address this.
Yeah, he's approved any measures that would of allowed drug importation. You're wrong.
replace
faux new blows smoke to entertain the lemmings. Shame
Is that so?  Well, it's simple, Senator:  Make the plan you have available to every citizen of the USA...
You're a business consultant yet you don't see the absurdity of an idea like that?
with WHAT?
Read much?
Please replace it with the same insurance all of you public servants receive from the tax payers.
Wonderful. So where are you on the president's ties to #russia ?
Where's your proof of corruption, why haven't you guys convinced the DOJ to open a case?
Sen. Paul we look forward to seeing the great new healthcare.  Sick to your guns we someone in our corner!
"""""""STICK"""""""
@All100Senators @foxandfriends @FoxNews does it inc holding insur execs accountable while they're making $17.3m salaries???
Who pays for those with existing conditions to never ever have a 63 day gap of coverage while out of work?
will U be discussing why you refused 2 address this issue until now If your claims about the ACA are real
I support your plan to repeal/replace obamacare.
you GOP senators need to get Susan Collins in line. She looks like a spoiler for anything productive.
What kind of sociopath freak announces they are excited to take away rights from people
Rand Paul and Secretary Price, work together and get it done!
Send a delegation to Germany and ask them how they provide excellent care at 1/2 the cost: Voted for Trump
how about you give us your insurance and pay for it for the rest of our lives?
How about no?
Pass Tax Reform, Pass Barry Care repeal.  Get to work, stop posturing, skip tv.
GOP solutions will destroy the GOP in 2018. Healthcare industry dictating the rules through lobbying.
rand Paul please help lowering my health insurance premium.
whatever you decide should be what you n your family get!
#singlepayer4all
The ACA saved my life. As a cancer survivor I can't get coverage without it. Improve it. Put country over party.
I think you'll find that @RandPaul's plan addresses those with PECs as well as the fundamental high cost problem.
Take out profits, marketing costs & ins companies & there's plenty of money for healthcare for everyone!
Except you have a bunch of people with no idea of what they're doing running the system.
what's your plan? Single payer? Or figure out a way to screw the little people worse?
try to slip in the importance of NOT having term limits
thank you, Sen. Sith Lord! Reassuring the Empire has citizens best interests at heart!
Privatization = increased profits for insurance companies and decreased care for us.
Central planning= increased profits for a few corporations and decreased care for "us".
It doesn't need, it could use some improvement.
looking forward to the democrats taking over congress 2018 to stop all the lying BS you guys keep spewing
Please continue to provide your guidance to both sides of the aisle so repeal and replace of ACA succeeds.
Stop w/ the BS. U did nothing last many yrs. U put party before people-SHAMEFUL! #notmyrepublicanparty
You don't even understand what you're saying.
gat it done we are depending on you
who will be brave ENOUGH to tell the whole truth about Fukushima Radiation 
you didn't stop Obama debt don't stop a little more debt to put America back on track, do you write 4 us
He literally filibustered the debt ceiling increase, nobody cared, they laughed at it.
watched the segment. Ty Senator Rand
KY Voters want Healthcare not Wealth care. #draintheswamp
How about answering your phones from your constituents????
Rand!! Thank You for Your hard work, do not give up for nothing less than full repeal.
Why FOX? Right winged news. Go to a real news channel. @ABCNetwork @CBS @NBCNews @PBS @NewsHour
don't trust a doc who has to come up with his own board exam because he can't pass the standardized one.
Goodjob Rand NewYork times is nothin but a joke they dissed Rand durin election now insulted 4 helpin USA
Do you actually have a plan, or will you just talk?  So far that's all you've done.
I'm so disappointed in you
Keep fighting the fight ^5
,,,I saw your clip..I love your plan 2-2-2. Support from VA and prayers for momentum and eventual passage.
repeal and replace rand
Thank you... great interview!!!
nooooooo
if you don't have any plans save your break it'll be the same nothingness till you present DETAILS
stop talking and do  it please.  He who hesitates....  @POTUS @RandPaul
Go America!!!!!
Get on with it, Congress!
Please help support HR975 passing through the house, Rep. Rohrabacher, Dana [R-CA-48] (Introduced 02/07/2017)
How can you NOT run down every lead in the Russia/Trump scandal?  Don't oppose the investigation
hold them to it rand ur our pit bull
thanks Senator for standing up for #Trump and calling out @john McCain
And your healthcare is? Oh wait, it doesn't matter because you job guarantees it in retirement
I'd like to see Obamacare repealed on the very same calendar day it was enacted.
Libs are Nasty people Destroying Humanity. They're NUTS!
Too bad we can't let o'care SELF IMPLODE to these Nasty, Hating, Mean Obama Libs. RadicalDemocratTerrorist
excellent Senator Paul!
fixit, don't replace or are you to racist to see any good in Obamacare?
Your leadership and support of @realDonaldTrump on key issues has not gone unnoticed! #hatersgonnahate
As an MD you know that when you remove a tumor you don't replace it with a less cancerous tumor.
we need it done now lets get with
@AvRail5seven @foxandfriends @FoxNews Senator let's see you do it, looking forward to seeing the action
It's all talk and no action until something actually happens! GOP had over 6 yrs to have a plan...crickets
yes hurry, make those dividends grow for the insurance company investors!!
shame Rand Paul, shame on you
When will you do a townhall in your state?
first we need to repeal your face
Rand, why don't you try a real network where you will be questioned? Don't go on a Russian tabloid station
Looking forward to the #cnnleaks today!
this guy appears to be wishy washy... if he had a great plan, then why did he wait 6 yrs...country 1st?
do we have set pricing included in the new plan?  Many of us want to pay cash and skip insurance.
Liberals paying professional aggitators to disrupt  Town Hall meetings and protest the repeal of Obamacare.
It's been seven years. It is no longer "right away."
Replace with what exactly?????

ANSWER THE QUESTION
just give us your insurance. You work for us after all
Ok but when he wants to do his job you people complain?
fix the problems and help more Americans
If you need someone to tell Trump he can't have pre-existing condition parameters, I'll do it!
you mean kynect right?
why don't you just make it better. You Republicans always brag how smart you are, now prove it for the first time.
.@RandPaul @foxandfriends @FoxNews
.@RandPaul @foxandfriends @FoxNews
ANYONE appearing on Fox News advocates lies, bias, non facts-THAT is a fact.  #wordsMatter
JUST MAKE OBAMACARE A OPTION AND NOT A MANDATE. PLUS GET THE IRS OUT OF TAX REFUNDS.
house GOP does not want to lose the tax money, worst than the dims
let it fail or democrats will say, it was working and republicans repealed it
Don't forge to promote HR899 (abolish @usedgov ) and S.16 (#EndTheFed)
Will be watching. Tom Price committee not endorsing your plan possibly. Need to get him on board.
can't wait to hear from you
as a family of 9 we pay over $700 for insurance and thats the min coverage plus out of pocket expenses
let it collapse. Then fix it. The Jonestown crowd will beg you to fix it before 2018.
Yes! Right away. People need know AHCA is not health care. No socialism, etc.
blah blah blah and more blah blah blah @ 8:35am #talkingheads
what type of insurance do you have, Senator? Is it paid for by your constituents? Nice sleight-of-hand...
yeah, fuck those insured poor people.
"Muh poor". 
dont let the establishment @SpeakerRyan @SenJohnMcCain   railroad us again. Thanks for all you do!
ACA. Fix it. Expand Medicaid to start. You do not work for the people your work for Oil. EPA
No, no, and hell no.
it needs replaced..yes all should have insurance...but what good is it if we cant afford it

Keep pushing your  fellow Senators,let's get it done!
We need your EXPERTISE&LEADERSHIP DR. PAUL....thank you 
Have to fix the tax code first don't you?
Expand Pub Health service to provide HC to uninsured. Let students attend med school and commit to PHS
If you have a better plan, why have you been sitting on it?
because Obama vetoed every bill having to do with repealing Obamacare so it would have been useless
so he had a solid replacement plan and just never bothered to bring it up? That doesn't make sense.
. HSA's are useless. Ppl can't save money on low and middle incomes. They Also don't need tax credits
you will have never again another chance like this stop looking divided and back or president
I'm waiting for you to come on
dams stick together Republicans look weak back or president or DEMS will rise again.
take the time to get it right. @foxandfriends @FoxNews
did Ayn Rand have health insurance?
are you going to talk about the town hall protests or the Russian advancements?
keep stressing repeal AND replace!
tell your kentucky brother to get a move on and stop squandering @realDonaldTrump was ready, not congress
please tell me it's going to be a free market solution
is no insurance considered free market? Then yes.
There's no need to lie.  You should read his plan first https://www.paul.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/ObamacareReplacementActSections.pdf …
Find Out What They Stuff Their Pockets For, The Old Cold War Generation Getting Into Power Impeach All 63+
A Forced Retirement And Legally Freeze Their Assets For Investigation..
If Danny Partridge Has Dementia It Is Probably More Rampant Than We Give Credit For..
Like yesterday!
Lapdog. Transparently craven sycophant.
