Banks were bailed out
Insurance companies want same
Dump the middle man say by to
Insurance companies
Let's make Canadian health care work
Socialized medicine does not work. Even in Canada.
Socialized medicine itself has been it's greatest betrayal of failure.
Consider this. The Veteran's Adminstration is a US govt run inclusive healthcare entity. It is a failure. No govt Healthcare! No socialized
So is Medicare and it is managed well. Countries have always treated soldiers poorly after they no longer need them, ergo VA.
No its not. Medicare is broke.
Ask the Elderly American citizens how well Medicare is functioning for them...
Not well.
You are no different than #JohnKacik you are an obstructionist grand standing to full fill your admissions. Wrong road to them! @RandPaul
Obamacare was a lie. It was sold knowing it was a lie. Time to rip it out by every cancerous root!
Paul is a RINO who has stonewalled the GOP agenda. He is almost guaranteeing that the GOP will lose its control of House and Senate in 2018
EXACTLY!!! Giving the house back to the democrats AGAIN! @RandPaul
This does nothing to address the cost of care.
I'll tell u what is objectable, u and others not willing to negotiate a HC Bill that will work!
Oppose again, w/ all due respect you all been talking about this health care and still nothing, while you have citizen dying, broke & tired!
Im not saying I disagree but PLEASE don't use that phrase..thats not who we are. Obama and Hillary  said that and irked me.
True statement
Republicans are a bunch of spineless pussys, I'm so glad we have Rand Paul to speak out for the people. Too bad he stands alone
Honest and caring man like his father love to see him in the White House as our next president.
They get richer and we still can't access AFFORDABLE health care.  Control the cost of medical care itself instead
Go home Rand. You and you dad combined could not get double digit support
No one wants to bail out insurance companies. Can it be taken out of health care and put into budget and dealt with there, Repeal now!
The private market works for every other industry! @realDonaldTrump remove regulation, let everyone compete in healthcare and cost will fall
You can't score a touchdown every play, Senator. Just move the line of line of scrimmage!
who you are as republicans ...how about..were replacing you with real republicans that may finally WORK FOR us the constitution's !
Absolutely NO to healthcare insurance bailouts! They can all go bankrupt! Only this will allow the market to rebuild itself in balance
We agree. We also agree we need repeal NOW even if it is not in perfect form. Vote to repeal, or its a vote for obamacare to stay. VOTE NOW
Yeah, your job is to kill the poor
So maybe the insurance companies are the root of the problem? Maybe they and pharma are too powerful? Gee who woulda thunk?
They are both problems. I'd love to see the GOP address them.
The GOP would be rock stars if they enacted #SinglePayer. SP reduces drug costs and decreased financial obstacles to care
No thank you
Insurance companies were all too willing to support Obamacare.
The GOP can't accomplish anything! You are destroying our come back! Get out!
Americans do want government out of health care but we need a vote on some kind of repeal now and keep working on this. You are right
If Republicans do not vote for repeal, they are voting to keep obamacare. It is as simple as that. We need your vote NOW!
That is right! A bunch of corporate free loaders that know nothing about TRUE capitalism, sportsmanship and survival of the fittest!
RAND PAUL IS CORRECT!  GET GOVERNMENT OUT OF HEALTH CARE!  I'M WITH YOU SENATOR @RandPaul !
Your program will not float on the national
@nyinvesting so sink the president
I will do everything in my power to get this obstructionist man out of office. Digging in his heels because GOP didn't go with his plan. 
@ktd101551 what is wrong with the Republican Party we voted them into office to repeal &replace
We shouldn't be bailing anyone out, OR subsidizing anyone. Businesses should live or die based on their performance.
Principles and Integrity are all good but Praticality is better and the crowning acheivement is plain old COMMON-SENSE, Use what god gave U
Let gvrnmnt pay a little to the insurance companies. It's better than footing the whole bill myself for the high cost of medical.
I agree with Rand He is an doctor for Christ sake.Repeal first. Allow cross border insurance Co's to make new policies.  Sit back and watch
Sen Rand Paul is great Republican :)
The people deserve the same insurance Congress and the Senate has!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

AMEN, Senator Paul.......Stick to your guns.....The Insurance companies make enough money just providing Insurance.....NO BAIL OUTS!
The banks never should've gotten bailed out either.  Common people need to get debt relief.
I agree they r making billions
No. You're killers
Repeal! Repeal! Repeal!!! What a bunch of liars the rest of the senators are! Pathetic
It should be "not who we are as Americans"
Just like your father...obstructionist ass-sore of @GOP and #AmericanPeople. Help @Senate pass something for #HealthcareBill
Time to #reformnotrepeal. There is a lot of good in #aca vote against the #senatebill
This is a labor market issue. The labor market ends with an income tax.This is #communism.There are no "free markets". #CommunismIsWorthless
Keep fighting against it!
What if it was our government, namely Obama Care, that caused the problem?
Not Republicans Mr. Senator. That's not who we are as American's.
I agree, but sometimes a good leader must accept to "lose a battle, to win the war". BY not standing with party, Republicans look weak!
You mean Trumpians not Republicans!

Repealllllllll please
Thank you!!!
Apparently, Rand Paul is the only one of them who has principle, and is keeping his promise...
Not sure why other Republicans are having such a hard time understanding this!
Thank you Senator Paul! One of the few still fighting for liberty!
You Repubs need to make people who want to run as republican, swear to uphold certain principles. The RINOS are no different than Dems!
Why NO vote?Democrats will take the house in 2018 and you get even worse health care I don't think you have the brains to understand this
If the "?Leadership" won't allow Open debate, stand your ground. Every senator should be allowed to debate even tho they were not with O/C
Middle Class...Just not quite BIG enough to "bribe" congress to FORCE BIG BIZ to afford us private jets...yachts...& ungodly vacations.
GOV... Where employee's make all the rules, control all the $, call all the shots, & even extort their EMPLOYER'S from cradle to grave.

Sen Paul... The ONLY politician in Washington that is not bought & paid for by big Pharma & Insurance.
GOV...People entrusted by people to "serve" US. But alas! The inherent GREED of man cannot get him past repeating Egypt or Rome... Sad.
http://conservativelyspeaking.net/i-became-confused-when-i-heard-the-word-service-used-with-these-agencies/ …
"Scribes" & "Pharisees"...Founders of "Crookery" adopted by Congress... EXPOSED... Matt. 23. The Bible.
GOV_care 100% guarantee...Loss of individual freedoms...Price increases on the middle class up to 3,000%...& loss of quality.
You need to get behind the president or get the heck out of Washington and go be a doctor somewhere
@SenatorLee_cmc We, the people thank you for standing against the repeal & replace of the ACA!
I'd rather see Ocare just collapse and let the Dems reap what they've sown.
I hear you and agree but, your firm no means MORE concessions to Dems & weak Rep. I don't think that's the way to go.
What I find objectionable is your defiance to our Republican Party.
Hang in there Senator. What nonsense, are we back in 2008? WHY are we to bail out insurance Co's like they did w/ the banks. Don't vote!
Hypocrite! And, notice how he says,"That's not who we are as republicans"! These ppl aren't watching out for "AMERICANS"! He slipped, AGAIN!
The insurance companies got in bed with Barack to get us in this mess to begun with.
America Totally agrees with YOU...!!!  Please stand STRONG for all of USA..
@IvankovichMD Sorry senator, but that's exactly what @GOP #Republicans do. Legalized racketeering bail outs, no regulations.
Americans, regardless of their circumstance, need health insurance without caps, penalties or exclusions that cover all essential benefits.
Subsidies are not "bailing out" insurance companies.
PURPOSE of affordable health care is to provide it to taxpayers, not to make corporations, insurance co.s +pharmaceutical co.s RICH!
We do not think this party still stands for what you think it stands for.
unless ur @SenatorCollins
Please keep the promise to the people - REPEAL obamacare PERIOD!!!  We need another rally!
To get the TAR AND SPLINTERS removed !!
Confiscate the bank accounts of these corrupt PUBLIC SERVANTS & let the use what insurance they can find !
We should NOT continue bailouts for Wall Street banksters OR insurance companies!!
Make AMERICA great again ?
Bring back TAR & FEATHERS & A RAIL WITH LOTS OF SPLINTERS !
Typical PUBLIC SERVANT policy to cater to corporate ! It's corporate that's lining their pockets thru a corrupt lobbying system !!!
But it's perfectly acceptable to kill off the poor and the weak...... Republicans are lower than slime molds.
#Senator Rand Paul GOP Congress &you saying this/that for 8 years. Look at your fingers are they evenly shapes to be strong for grab &hold.
While fixing #Obamacare  have congress use the same insurance  we have.
Just repeal the ACA and let individuals make their own decisions. Government should have no say on this matter. Let me choose
@realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan Just repeal ACA then allow states to develop Concierge Healthcare
You are 100% correct and the only republican who calls out this garbage plan that keeps every fundamental of #Obamacare
Senator Paul, please stop the sabotage and support Mr. Trump healthcare plan.
Agreed.
Medicare enrollment for all citizens for protection from predatory corporate practices and epidemics is your job according to the Preamble
Thank you
Bail out the insurance companies who line their pockets! Republican politicians are selling us out. Shame on you @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan!
"BAIL-OUT". That's what the ACA has been doing for 7 years b/c of the "NO Price or Premium Controls" deal BO made w/them. Change is needed.
Your position on this is spot on. Stay the course.
I agree with you. You have registered your objections now lets get a bill passed and fix it later.
Yes ACA gave huge cash surplus payout to ins companies break up INS Comp trusts free markets moderates need to get on board
Oh give us the House, oh give us the Senate, oh give us Hillary ... Ahh ... the White House. America is finished after this little hiccup.
As do I Dr. Paul. However, there is an argument to be made Gov't caused the recent problems. How does Gov't cover damages they caused?
I find it disgusting. Please keep fighting for a fair and good health care repeal and replace.
my senator is a fool, you are the only one that represents me. Thank you.
I agree
@tempteststorm2 Pass the bill you can work on it later.
Senator, am fully behind you. Thank you for standing up for your strong beliefs.
Free market was disturbed with pre existing conditions forced on them by congress. Now govt has to help with solution.  Rand has to step up
Then congress s/n have forced them to cover pre-exist conditions. But they did. So now you have to clean it up howsoever objectionable.
Because someone has to fund the coverage. Should it be someone with no health issues? Bankrupt insurers? Taxpayers? Someone so who?
Hey, remember this?
Besides attorneys, Paul belongs on the ocean's bottom
I actually agree with him, tired of bailouts!
But he won't support POTUS! Paul is another COWARD that should rot in hell with the Dems!
Right on, Rand.  I didn't work hard to fund bail outs.
We want FULL repeal and replace with FREE MARKET not Rinocare.  NO.  NO.  NO.
I hear you sir.
Ok to bail yourselves out!
we don't  need  bealth insirance  we need a health assurance plan for everyone. Why is that so hard to understand? .. $$$$$$$
Objectionable? That means you'll vote no if the provision is included or you will vote for it while having issues with the provision?
You are correct
Is it easier to bail out Wall Street? That was Bush's program handed to Obama to complete. How much $ did American taxpayers lose on that?
TRUTH!
that is what we do as republicans. we bail out the rich
Prefer a non Obama line but agree. Insurance companies and banks feed fat cat executives who slink away once the mismanagement is done
I agree with you
I am not your constituent but I am an American dependent on a body of legislators who can't agree on anything.  This opportunity won't last!
Gov't run:

☛ housing
☛ welfare
☛ SNAP
☛ schools
☛ social security
☛ VA healthcare

all failing & RINOs want more.

#FullRepeal 
#AHCRAP
@RandPaul this RyanCare bill is an assault on the American ppl. Will the corruption in Washington ever end? 
#UNRIG  #RobertDavidSteele
I see you have more backbone than my senator Cruz.  Sadly he is reported as folding on repeal and replace.  Stay strong Mr. Paul!
Right free market make it because you have a good product and company other wise see ya like any company!!
Sadly, Rand, that's exactly who almost all Reoublicans are nowadays.
I read where MY Congressman, @ConawayTX11, and other bureaucrats, have been investing in insurance company stocks.  Not a good sign!
Right. Should be about HEALTH, not just financing
Thank you!
Most of your @GOP  colleagues are RINOs, and nowhere near being  conservative.

Many will be primaried for not repealing Obamacare
Get on board you will never have a perfect bill but repeal and then work to replace
They need to compete across state lines!
LISTEN RAND PAUL WE THE PEOPLE OF KY DID NOT VOTE FOR YOU WE VOTED FOR TRUMP IF YOU DONT HELP TRUMP WE WILL VOTE YOU GOT
Vote! We can't get all. Vote it through. HSA is there!
To say nothing of the limits imposed on Congress by The Constitution.
Insurance companies are despicable!  They have no issue collecting premiums, but are reluctant to pay benefits.  Please target DBA Firms.
so true
Ins companies aren't the problem,  nor are the Banks, Wall st firms, Auto industry,  etc 
 the bailouts and subsidies are the problem
http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2017/07/leaked-documents-show-democrats-plotting-blame-russia-hacking/ …
I support Rand Paul!
It's your job to do the next right thing for Americans. Vote for progress rather than leaving an Obama disaster!  Perfect is enemy of good!
Americans should find it objectionable 2 bail out any corporate entity, ever for any reason at any time. They will never bail your butt out.
Many Democrats would agree.  Ready for Medicare for all?
The only guy that actually does and means what he says...common sense
Since when are "those guys" Republicans (I think the term is RINO)? They're just Dems in sheep's clothing. People are starting to wise up.
Totally!! That you senator Paul!
Agree! @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr u r NOT Leaders but a SHEEP! #Reed GAVE #BHO $10TRRILIONS & @GOP NO #RESISTENCE! U RUINED #America!!! @POTUS
And what wud new entitlements offer Americans.
Full Repeal!!! Don't give in to the Socialist Left
It may not be who you are and it may not be who the Republican's used to be, but it's definitely who they are now.
I stand with you on this!
Can  I get a bail out since those same companies have a lot of my money  too

@audrey_norris18 no bail out!! Repeal and replace
Let your yes be yes and your no be no. Thank you Senator for your integrity. May God continue to bless you.
No, reps bail out banks.
I like you but you seem to be doing more harm than good.   Republicans need a win.  Work together and stop giving dems ammunition.
I agree but these are the companies that got your friends in the Senate elected and Obama Care is what they wanted
Just repeal Obama and let everyone get there own!!!!!!!
Do NOT fund PLANNED PARENTHOOD....NO FUNDING FOR ABORTIONS!!!! SEND HC TO STATES. COMPLETE REPEAL OF OBAMACARE. REPUBLICANS PROMISED
It's ALL About EVIL $$ that's why a decent Fair Healthcare Bill Hasn't been put togetherThey continue to F**K over Us & America's sick of it
REPEAL!
I agree. But please, help your team to get this over the finish line.  Going broke
Bailing out insurance= lining politicians pockets!
REPEAL at the VERY LEAST....REPEAL OBUMMER CARE
Hearing you stick to your principles is very refreshing coming from DC. Earned my support for sure; shows that you hold your word as sacred!
I want it repealed!I am a conservative Republican. My insurance was cheaper before Obamacare and actually had better coverage. No bailouts!!
If we wanted your my way or the highway views we would have elected you President however you are playing fast and loose with American lives
You are sounding like a Democrat by being against every bill that is being presented. Are you ready to retire?
If there is any bail out, then the CEOs and employees should get minimum wage wages.. Or no bail out
Please don't lose this to the Dems we will never get it back please pass it
I agree with you and I hope you stick to your guns. I am an older citizen and when I heard they want to raise costs on us I am angry.
I think you mean 350 million a year.
AGAIN???
The so called repeal bill is a forever non stop bailout that will fail to lower cost. Hope we get time to read & understand final bill.
Repeal / Replace. . . Congress.
If the lobbyist donated their money into the system...WE WOULD HAVE A SURPLUS!!!
I agree. Crazy.
Thank u Senator.
Yes
