Super
Those convicted of non violent offenses in federal court should be allowed to seek restoration of 2nd amendment rights after time served.
Federal offenses!?   Not state but federal.  No I disagree with you.
Sure.  Let Texas decide what to do when our laws crack down on it even harder   I'm all for that 
What exactly are you reffering too? Crackdown on what? And I'm from Texas by the way.
Another sign is sanity?
The War on Drugs, Terrorism, and Poverty are designed to never end. Words do not exist and can never be defeated by design of course.
Time to end the WAR ON DRUGS!!. All is does is make bad people rich and destroys good people. Why is Alcohol Legal and Pot not?
. Wow.   The drugs are working.  There getting smarter and smarter with these comments.  Ban Alcohol again as well just to end this debate
You can continue it.  Just stop the drugs, and giving out all our damn money to those lazy people.  You work for what you get or starve!!! .
You had me at "bipartisan" 
Non- violent criminals such as marijuana growers do more time than a violent criminal.
Many marijuana growers are involved in much more criminal activities and violent acts against competitors and others.
Read about their activities in Rural Organized Crime: Marijuana Growers in Kentucky by Sandra Riggs Hafley
Let them die, it's the innocent people that are killed by them I feel for.  37yrs old here. No alcohol no drugs ever.  It can be done
#bipartisanship What?!Finally someone is doing their job. Criminal justice reform is the first step in fixing our lopsided economy, thank u
We need reform and a big start would to decriminalize small quantities of drugs. Give a second chance on the street not courts.
Don't always agree with you but I love you man
Can't imagine Booker or Cummings doing anything to "Fix" America!
It's great to help these people of non violent crimes. It's only going after the symptom. Need for education to children of poverty.
Everyone gets to go to school.   What they do with it is on them.  Not that nations responsibility to take care of slackers!!!
It takes a close community to create success. If everybody works together the chances will be greater.
I don't trust @SenBookerOffice  as far as I could throw him, and I was his biggest GOP fan ...
#GoodForYou
But when will you fix the our democracy that you and your cronies just broke? @GOP @SenateGOP you put the 'R' in repugnant.
Snow White GOP uses war on drugs as voter suppression. Force paper ballots and hand counts the law and take our govt back. @Greg_Palast
Office, and what happened to her ? nothing,  and my mom have to paid thousand to have her credit restored , that's not fair
Sorry Mr Paul , I don't agree with sealed record, My mom is victim of CC identity thief and guess who did it ? The medical ass. at his Dr.
1971 the War on Drugs(People) began. 800% increase in the Prison Population. Wars on words are common place in the 1984 Fake world!
Please stop @POTUS from removing Assad! We did not vote him in to do this!!!!!!
What do you propose then?
#TrustButVerify @CoryBooker  & @RepCummings, seriously?  Their political hearings are a testament to NOT finding the truth
Give'em hell Rand!
Hell yes!! Lately I'm thinking u are one of the only ppl in office that really cares about our sovereign nation anymore.
Wouldn't Trust Booker. Snake in the grass.
Go one step further.
#1 should automatically be retroactive for all citizen's after 7 yrs of not being n trouble again & w/o cost
But Booker is a snake. Be careful.
Wow a republican who cares about these individuals. I see you Paul get off Trumps  and maybe you could emerge
Best senator in our republic
Good!!
Lots of bipartisan stuff going on right now. Everyone stands to gain but the man on the street aka we the people!
AHH!!!! Thank you so much. I don't want to share my business I just want to tell you thank you from the bottom of my heart.
That is a muttley (sic) crew.  I cannot believe Booker and Cummings want anything but violent inner-city criminals released from prison.
Great idea nonviolent offenders deserve a chance
As long as it sticks with the Constitution I'm down for it!
This is where Repubs really piss me off, betting not 1 will get on board w this.
#taxreturns #Russia
This is actually not a bad start. Questioning #6 though. Don't stop police from letting a few bad seeds become more then a gang. Cycle there
30 years of hindsight?
Finally!  Someone doing the right thing. Ty @RandPaul 
Need for Breaking the Cycle of breeding criminals due to poverty and lack of education
We also need quality preschool education for birth-5yrs for ALL!Positive impact on incarceration #s 4 kids w/quality PK.
So another catch and release to offend again ?
And now we jump off the @RandPaul bandwagon. It was a good ride however brief it might have been.
Tis the season get rid of laws that incarcerate poor African American men and women.  Locking people in jails will not decrease the deficit.
Tell them to stop committing crimes.
Senator Paul every now & then I find myself agreeing with you The Criminal Justice System is a travesty
Can they finally work together on something?Good for you Rand.
Focus on Syria. Your dad's called the "gas attack" a false flag. He's right. No domestic issues will matter if America and Russia go 2 war.
Well, here is one good thing you've done lately.  I can support this one, Senator.
This is utter bullshit drugs are the cause we have laws just follow those and drugs will be gone and people will respect each other
well at least your doing one thing right
There has to be a better way than the failed drug war.
We know the entire criminal justice system is broken. We're reminded daily writing Israel a check for 9.6 million every day forever.
Drugs are terrible.  The War on Drugs is far worse.
Bicameral is correct but unless there is an agreement to compromise, there will be no bill passed which is detrimental to all Americans.
So called War on Drugs. slogan...not a real war..all  talk...porous southern border...drugs flowing in daily; gov/politicians didnt care
#America is full of experts. We should have #best plan on everything! #Working together is only way to fix #USA...
Rand Paul 2020
Republicans and democrats working together? Too good to be true. I'm shocked.
They work together all the time. Kissing Israel's ass and the Jews who own them.
How about just do what the Constitution says!!! 1)Throw out the Procedural Rules 2)Jury Trial for All Crimes 3)No Legislated Crimes DONE!
Yes Sir they have.. a cycle prostituted by government HC , big Pharma, Monsanto and many others. Stop poisoning people!!!! Stop the drug Co.
That is really good to hear....will there be rehabilitation programs set up to help them re integrate education jobs etc
We need work camps and full restitution for property crimes, forced rehab for druggies, and death for murderers.

Next problem please
why dont you start wiyh the GOP, they are the new Mafia @NewYorkFBI
dems using broken criminal justice system to buy votes. Address the problem and make it airtight
Totally agree. It would be nice to engage in a plan that literally was not afraid to tackle the greed of people in high places.
Your president won't have it and neither with his AG....did you vote for the AG? 
Perhaps you can convince the so called AG of this?  After all pot is Kentucky's No. 1 cash crop!
I believe your referring to hemp.
Maybe they ought to leave the drugs alone. I'm not wealthy and drugs didn't get me jailed.
The first step to fixing it would be to stop making EVERYTHING a Federal crime. Let local jurisdictions make laws 4 that make sense 4 them
Did my rep Cummings actually do something?  Alert the media!
Awww.  Sorry he is your rep.
He won't be after I retire and leave the peoples' state of MD.
Good deal now get Al Sharpton to pay his taxes. Go bipartisan
Quickly turning into a favorite of mine - great work Rand!
Your party endorses those actions. You are complicit.
#StandWithRand
you'll always be my guy, rand!
