Repair and strengthen the ACA!  It saves lives. Tax cuts for the wealthy don't.
I like your dad's idea of healthcare.
Keep fighting, along w/ @freedomcaucus, 4 a #CleanRepeal of ObamaC. Looks like McConnell is working w/Socialist Dems towards #SinglePayer HC
Americans reject @SenateMajLdr & #ProblemSolversCaucus fixing the lie known as Obamacare. @GOP promised #CleanRepeal #KeepYourWord #MAGA
You sir are one of the few honest politicians
Keep pushing for association plans so @realDonaldTrump can keep his promise to allow Americans to purchase health insur across state lines!
Hugely poor area will totally done w/ACA repeal Medicaid safety nets nutrition etc loss

Dump Trump Pence ALL GOP Reps voting for ACA repeal
Thanks for your representation. Please step up support for Pres's agenda.  It what WE voted for! Tired of him having to fight his own party.
Did you listen to them?  Aka they don't know the difference between Obamacare and the ACA!!
#RepealObamaCare
Repeal is Not gonna happen as it has failed.  Read much news?
Stick to your guns Senator!!!!! You are one of the few Senators that I actually believe.
I remember my days there during residency.  :-) Great folks; they deserve a better paradigm:
REPEAL OBAMACARE.
The real problem is the social predators who are hungry for our tax money, and our politicians are doing nothing about it, to protect it.
Community centered healthcare = jobs in that community. Affordable access for all needed. It's a win win & better health is a nice bonus.
no bail outs #RepealObamacare  #healthcare no #SinglePayer
# REPEAL OBAMACARE
They don't like you there anymore
How about the bullshit bus find the nearest parking lot and the Senate get the job done of repealing!  Just Sayin........
why is it I don't see no poor people there.
The car ain't got no gas in it
Help!This situation with North Korea is just like, xcuse me, a pissin' contest to see who go's higher & longer without fallin off the porch!


Probably only let nice people see you. Others want to tall you off for all the failures! Work FOR America, not against!
Give up you'll never be President
Is this meeting open to the public? When will you hear from the average Kentuckians, not just donors? #WhereIsRand
If you keep social predators away from our tax money. it's very simple to have an affordable healthcare system. the equation is simple.
Still scratching my head on how you're a doctor and you want to repeal without replacing the ACA.  You might lose your seat!!
Repeal it like the American people voting Republican elected that you do.
Thanks for your insight and leadership
Ready to take their healthcare from them Rand?! Lol
I worked in that area for three years in a community health center.
Are you coming to Harlan County Kentucky?  Wishing wellness on your Travel. Harlan Countians would enjoy / Welcome Visit

Time to impeach trump is bringing shame to our country  vets to dump trump

Please keep up the fight senator
All u care about is tax break for rich. Any plan w/o that is a nonstarter for u? Amerite?
Support our POTUS #StopTheDeepStateTakeOver
If you would just listen to the people instead of your own agenda
We want to see the Senate pass a bill this year to repeal Obamacare and get government out of our business!
But will you really listen?
After 7+ years of living with & complaining about disastrous Obamacare, please stop talking & take action. People are struggling.
Good luck with that mister "repeal " and let die.
I want you to stand with our president and stop doing the media tours and condemning everything and work to get something done.
Next door to my roots.
Why didn't you vote to block obama from making recess appointments? Snake
Biggest lie told to working families: "We will REPEAL EVERY WORD OF OBAMACARE." #ByeByeRepublicans2018

Send it back to the States
Pikeville is used to long lasting arguments and debating sides....think about it.
Are you Randsplaining how repealing their healthcare is in their best interest?
Full Repeal Nothing else! Capitalism and free market works Socialism does not!
Did Uask voters how they feel abt Congressional Personnel receiving 72%gov assistance via OCare special executive carve out? Their response?
Please help free SSG Bales prosecution flew known Terrorists on civilian airlines to testify against him
yes, yes yes, we know who u are really listening to. The pharma and health insurance lobbyist. how much have they shoved in your pocket??
Congress should be in DC working!
More "small business" closed door fake town halls. DO YOUR JOB. District 3 & 4 want access to our senator. #townhallNOW
Does the President approve of your haircut Rand. First things first huh.
You are a good man Rand Paul.  I wish our representative would make himself more accessible.
I think you are the only Senator that works this hard!  Wish you were in Nevada 
Better late than never?
Hopefully you'll learn something. It's good to talk to real folks to learn real issues.
Senator Paul you sir will leave this earth with exactly the same thing you entered it with NOTHING it's only money let them live
you have tax payer paid EVERYTHING let them at least have tax payer paid health care for God's sake
With all due respect Senator, a bit late to discuss health reform.  You didn't like Obamacare Lite, now we're stuck with Obamacare Full.
When you return, please make sure that it gets done!
Can you come down to eastern Tennessee too?  I'll bet I won't see either of my Senators doing a town hall
You guys need to stop talking and get it done.
#RepealObamaCare
Over 60 % of your state uses government supported healthcare. And you meet with whom anout what??? I just don't believe you.
Help the President with his agenda!
Good for you, Mitch is finding new RINOS IN OTHER STATES forget Kentucky is his mantra!
#StandWiithRand
If you run into any Begleys in Hazard, I don't know them.. Keep fighting
Let us know when you grow a spine, crawl out of Trumps ass, and actually want to do something that benefits Americans. Kentucky sucks...
You should take Do Nothing Mitch Mcconnell with you & the lobbyists that sway him. Maybe he'd figure it out. It's about people no profit!
How many years of discussions? Just hire some bright people and be done with this. We need a national healthcare system
A working Senator luv-it
Congress should be on OUR insurance with no subsidy, that will get action. Veteran congress, ie McCain should have to use VA
REPEAL OBAMACARE
Wait, i thought you were ignoring your constituents!?! 
FULL CLEAN REPEAL NOW! Get GOV OUT of OUR Health Care! We DEPLORABLES VOTE & REMEMBER! #DrainTheSwamp! #MAGA! #USA  !
Start calling it Health INSURANCE Regulation. It's not health CARE. Look at #TennCares It WAS a program that worked to help w care. #REPEAL
Senator Paul, do you have any hopes that there will ever be a bipartisan HC bill?
You are really brave
Make Healthcare Affordable:  Cash Paying Option at same rate as insurance pays.  No insurance paperwork or government payout.
Allow high deductible catastrophic plans at low cost, remove limits on HSA's-don't need qualified plan & no $ limit on amt-maybe % of income
District 4 has been requesting a Town Hall since Feb, but you continue to avoid all but remote small towns like McConnell and Massie. SAD!
He's avoids the Jackson Purchase like the plague. He had an opportunity to attend Fancy Farm Picnic 2017, but thinks we're all drunkards.
Like McConnell, he's owned by insurance companies. Check their donor lists. Both are for profits over people no matter the issue.
http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2017/jun/23/rand-paul-republican-health-care-plan-is-an-insura/ …
Rand Paul: Republican health care plan is an insurance bailout ...
Are they asking you why we still have Obamacare after 7 yrs of useless voting and not repealing when you had the opportunity? 7 yrs to plan
Even with Insurance pricing on services is crazy. You never are told pricing. Example MRI on my ankle cost $3300 after ins. I pay $1500.
Full repeal! Drastically reduced health insurance regulation! List prices! Free market! Necessity is the mother of invention!
So you have time to travel through EKY on a Monday, but can't be bothered to be in WKY on Sat. to listen to our concerns?  Thanks for caring
You only show up to Jackson Purchase to talk to associations or it's campaign season. If you came here outside of that, I would be shocked.
I hope you can resist the urge to lecture and focus on listening.
You guys are all talk no action
Which is good in my opinion, (just to let y'all know)
at least, you can be accused of standing up for what you believe and ran on. Unlike a certain individual from my great state of AZ, McCain
If you cared anything about American people and her healthcare you would repeal Obamacare

If you're so concerned and you think Obamacare is so great then you get ObamaCare oh I forgot you get yours free and it's not Obamacare
I hope you get an earful and take it back to get Healthcare back on track #MAGA
You say you're interested but you're not interested in what American people are going through with their Healthcare payments
Otherwise known as the Rand Paul Disinformation Campaign of 2017!
How about you guys do something about it
Is this your version of a "town hall?"
What is your opinion of McMasters, Sir?
#MAGA
It is indeed a little late, but at the same time, wish others would follow your example.
Hope Paul is brave enough to let those that use KY Connect for their insurance in the room. Look into the eyes those you wanted to strip ins
Hope you're doing a project and have a great Holiday Sir, 
More people have health care in Kentucky get a life Paul you are a phony like your old man True
be sure to start every meeting with "i'm just going to vote against it lol!" to save everyone some time
thank you for your great work.
Day late dollar short governing ?
You're a joke.
Hows the agriculture lobby in Kentucky doing Rand?
welcome Rand Margaret loves hearing you speak and we now use tapes of you to rouse her from her sleep in the morning
Go 2 Harlan @RandPaul u will see and get a ear full 
