Thank you for trying!  Don't give up the fight!
Please stay o top of this, please .. you only have 2 yrs for sure .. Do something instead of Dems when they had 2 yrs to do someth
Stand with Rand.
I don't want a ham strung govnmt. Slashing programs and cutting taxes does not afford an adequate govnmt. Raise taxes on the rich!
because I think it will scare the public into panic mode if the real truth was ever told. I agree but not to release publicly
Those of us who voted http://johnsonweld.com  DID vote for a budget that balances.  Pity every1 else was apostate.
These knuckleheads almost gave us Hillary, which would have resulted in Sharia law!!
BS.  U don't do ur homework, do you.  Honestly, I don't know who's worse: DT voters or HRC voters.
@LibertyBell1000 Get rid of agencies enforcing unconstitutional acts. DEA, ATF for examples.
What good is the DEA when the CIA is muling in coke for the last 40 years?
@aduanebrown all talk
The more money goes around, the more money comes around. If you break poor n middle class you cannot expect the economy 2 thrive.
@SenatorLankford @jiminhofe Do it!  NOW!
The Federal Reserve Act has already left the USA bankrupt in 1933. We have been enslaved ever since they stole our land and gold
@careyu well why don't you cut about two thirds of the funding that you spend on the military and distribute where it is needed
because we have to pay for the contractors we're using instead of government employees.
At most, we should have a 5 year budget that balances. 10 years is nothing but wild dreams and smoke & mirrors.
- 1 year. Do it now or never. #Underspend
That's a better idea!

Obama will be known as the most corrupt.
Great!!! We should not proceed with anything until a Budget has been approved and stay within Budget like all of us have to do.
How about writing single -issue bills to keep congressional pork out of them?
Start at home!  Reduce our reps salaries to the median income of their represented state!
Should we team up with Russia to help Europe remove the radical Islam invaders?
Thanks for all you do, and try to do, Dr. Paul.  Please keep up the good work.
it's called either corruption or cowardice, your choice
Why must fed govt have another 'plan' to repeal ACA?
Because if they don't, they won't have a voting base to re-elect them. @RandPaul
thanks for pointing out the ridiculous things we could cut from the budget i.e. selfies & Neil Armstrong’s moon words.
keep fighting to balance the budget. Too many expensive programs and regulations.
Want U to REPEAL LAW
That allows Congress to set own pay rate
Was STOPPED the 1st time 
Then passed in DARKNESS 
REPEAL IT NOW
Yes!
we don't because we aren't a household. Plz let adults run the country,  not the #TPGOPEG. #GOPlies
why dont we make it an honor to serve in gov and not a 6 figured salary job with better healthcare than the ppl and large pensions
do you really know what a fiasco a BB would cause. Think past your core voters.
because the American people will just dig deeper and deeper into their pockets.
You really need to rethink being a Republican if this is your priority. Deficits have always ballooned under Rep leadership
who pays the trillion to repeal  Obamacare?
get with the program get on board and quit whining you sound more like a leftist each day!
because the @GOP is unwilling to raise taxes (on the rich) to cover expenses.
Please do #StandWithRand
keep up good work your state.  Criminal justice reform and severe overcrowding.  Due alot to Poor representation
why don't you explain to the average American how it hits their bottom line.no one really cares or understands,or you wld be prez
don't balance the budget, #Underspend to pay off the #NationalDebt - @DaveRamsey tell gov't to eat Rice & Beans till #Debtfree !
Agree, we need a balanced budget..debt is out of control, also..do away with wasteful spending, fraud and abuse.
@TheVoiceOfPaulR Why don't we vote for a budget that eliminates national debt?
@leapgerbils Cuz we'd have to kiss away the @GOP viagra military....
Balanced budget a win for Republicans a win for USA
Always good ideas, but refusing to work solutions in a logical order - Rand needs to understand team
Senator, we have you, @SenJohnMcCain & Senator Graham to keep a madman in check. Please don't disappoint.
@MZHemingway it be nice, yrs of CRs is getting old. But most is bogus cuts to future spending not real spending.
@TedAbram1 Sounds like common sense to me. FREEZE all budgets. 
#MAGA
please be a voice of reason.  The USA needs some sane leadership!
remember this in the debate to repeal the ACA which is expected to cost over a billion dollars in taxes.
Why don't we budget for American health & education instead of political pork barrels and aid to Israerali  settlements?
When there is no Gold, & All Money = Debt, What's there really to balance?
keep the ACA
There will soon be a day because of the #NationalDebt that children only receive an invoice in an empty box under the tree.
Yes.  Why?
is right! Let's go back to Clinton era budgets and taxes!
#bringBackTheSurplus
stop all benefits to illegal immigrants, nations that hate us, UN, allow US citizens and Medicare to buy prescriptions overseas.
when you have the personal budgets of most Americans that have been hurt by ACA...then we can worry about the US budget.
Why vote for a balance budget when it's changed annually? Next year, new numbers, new budget!!
you're literally the only one with a brain amongst those neo cons of republicans and the rest of the damn senate. #Conservatarian
What is this 'balanced' thing you speak of!???
Voted Trump,however - ThankU Dr.RandPaul-have 2have balanced budget4future children,grandchildren,survival o American experiment
brilliant!
that is a great question.
@sbsun
@Business
@TheBricsPost
@EconomicTimes
@XHNews
@PressTV
@RT_com
@BenSwann_
@theblaze
@RealAlexJones
@DRUDGE
@SpeakerRyan 
@SenateMajLdr
@justinamash
@RonPaul 
@mike_pence 
@realDonaldTrump
Trillion is a scary rhapsody of fear.
1. You refuse to raise taxes on the ultra rich and 2. We spend way too much on the military to make this work
now you are just trolling the keepers of the Ponzi scheme lol..
Please stand vs. confirmation hearings w/o full disclosure. We want to trust u & nominees.
party of "fiscal responsibility" , except when they're not. #hypocrisy #GOP #Deficits
because people want free stuff
Because you won't raise taxes on the hyper-rich?
.Because tax loopholes allow them to reduce tax basis!  Major fool sighting! Get the law changed
last year's deficit was like 550B. There is no way you could raise that much taxing the rich.
because you will have to deal with Trump. Be happy if he doesn't add another bankruptcy to his list.
PLEASE DO now that these idiots are gone !!!!! End quantitative easing as well, he'll end the FED and the IRS!
because your GOP pals really really really like to give big tax breaks to the richest of the rich.
What do you mean by 'BALANCED'? Explain so we out here can hear you.
