Past time you and anyothee repub senators aren't on board to get there....you've had 7+ years to get there.....or you get socialized med
Preexisting, drug rehab, no children past 18, sold in all 50 states over promised causing too high cost on basic coverage....good luck
So glad I'm Canadian and don't have to see patients refused service since they can't pay...  oh ya...  and I receive excellent care!
Our medical equipment, research and procedures rank 1st in the world
Yes it does.  You also pay on average 50% more for medical than any other country on the planet.
That's because of the heavy government regulations and safety net, which lets a lot of hospitals know the money is coming from a 3rd pocket
Not really.  Socialized medicine has issues but that's not one.  More like you receive a specific time/date for an mri without flexibility.
You won't have to worry about repeal senator, the gop will lose in 2018 if Obamacare still exists. U can't read the results of an election
Full repeal
The GOP has left conservative America behind. It's time for American Patriots to split from Republicans! Be the leader we know you are! 
Thank you for all that you are doing to keep your word to the People and I pray for integrity in the rest of the senate we need it
Full repeal is how you all were hired by us
Before you start pointing your finger,  remember that those low life people & democrats are obstructing Trump
Please do something about this Obamacare, the mandate is killing my children and grandchildren! $1200 a month premium, and $8000 deductible!
I don't always agree with 
Rand 
Paul states  
Hovever he has the right to express his opinion as does any other 
American
Rand, make them do this right
Pass a bill that offers the ability to purchase the plan they want but could also keep the plan they have, OC will eventually die on its own
Please close all loopholes that allow illegals to be covered!
And fake reasons funding PP. they just do abortions & harvest sales. Check for yourself. Call for appointments & fund democrat candidates
Continue to speak truth on this bill
Gov. has no place in healthcare.
Get it done! Move on to tax reform.
We want your support for the Health Bill
Have each member of Congress have ACA as their primary insurance.
Judge lets 3 refugee Muslims off after child rape
A scam at its best ! A bunch of corporate and non corporate free loaders without any personal responsibilities.
How about debating the bill on the floor.  Stop being the red tape from the swamp.
You have one Kentuckian Standing behind you seator.
Socialism Lite still doesn't work for those who accept personal responsibility. Just a thought.
The mandates will be gone at the very least. Give the president a win or Ky, my state will be forced to stay with Obamacare.
Repeal only.
I don't want any bill that congress and senate aren't willing to be part of. Either participate or repeal
I agree.  Needs scrapped and started over.  @realDonaldTrump  Rand is right.  Tell Mitch to get to work.
Time for you to lead the fight and take it straight to McConnell. Be the leader we know you are, force the @POTUS to back his promise.
that means you @randPaul
I miss when out elected officials did something instead of nothing #ky
PPL DO NOT want bill written by insurance comp. Get them out of healthcare! Iatrogenic  3d cause of death in US
get something done or we are done voting for a party that sits on it ass and does nothing.
Don't give up??? Roll the boulder over the GOP cockblockers.... REPEAL
Agreed. It must be totally repealed. No compromise. Americans have become accustomed to their interminable entitlements.
If you can keep them faking a repeal for another year-and-a-half, the majority leader and speaker won't have to worry after that. #nopower
I hear you lowd and clear. Bring to the floor with graf and pictures. Put it in like SSA. Make everyone pay for it. Low income to hi income
It's time to completely overhaul Washington DC
Damn just repeal Obamacare and let the free market come up with all the healthcare plans we need cross state lines . Government stay out .
Good.
Your leadership is Progressive Republicans who like govt. control. Reason they won't repeal Obamacare and seek free market solutions.
Just Repeal Obamacare... It's that Simple
Government needs to get out of healthcare and that includes tax breaks to employers.  Separate healthcare from employers.
As a constituent it's amazing to have one senator who wants to remove 23 million from HC and the other, the rest of us #bananarepublicans
This is why you should have run as libertarian not Johnson.
Keep fighting Senator. We need to convert liberal senators or find more conservative ones.
I am with you Senator Paul.  If we had 49 others just like you the USA would be a much better place!
@tedcruz ???
Thank you, Senator Paul 4 STANDING UP 4 US! REPEAL ONLY! Work on healthcare problems LATER & make sure We the People of the USA r INVOLVED!

#DeepSixSenateBill
Senator, please join the Trump agenda and stop sabotaging.
Whatever you finally pass Rand, you and you're family should have to use it too, w/o a employer contribution. Good for us, good for you.
America is bleeding from the neck with trump in charge and you're complaining about a toothache... 
Repeal without a suitable replacement is evil
Such a disgrace...bunch of fraud liars #RepealObamacare #RepealMcConnell
@ChambersPines @BreitbartNews Then buy policies with medicare/caid money.  Stop being insurer. Regs and ocrap go away.
Rand I wrote a piece on the "Fiscal Detriment of Supply Side Economics Help Billionaires" you can read it in National Enquirer #barkkochboy
Repeal!
Repeal it, now!
They stood for it because they knew it would never get passed Obama or HRC!! DRAIN THE SWAMP!!
DO NOT CAVE SENATOR!
Guess what Rand. More insured, healthy and unhealthy makes for better insurance and rates! ACA encourages that, & people like it.
Tax cuts for the wealthy, not very popular. Even insurance companies like ACA = predictable costs and profits. Fix ACA -- can be done!
@limbaugh  Rand Paul is one of few Congressmen who still hold concept of Repeal Obamacare! Most others are heading down Road to Socialism.
@LouDobbs  Rand Paul is one of few Congressmen who still hold concept of Repeal Obamacare! Most others are heading down Road to Socialism.
@GovMikeHuckabe Rand Paul is 1 of few Congressmen who still hold concept of Repeal Obamacare! Most others r heading down Road to Socialism.
Why don't you do something about it besides obstruct. You are part of the problem. You've done nothing on healthcare or taxes. NOTHING!
Why?
Drain the swamp
Single-payer would actually be cheaper for everyone. Do the math. Have businesses & employees all chip in. Focus on health.
What? You mean that you still plan to tax those Billionaires. So unfair. They hired so many People to work. NOT
COME' ON...ENOUGH WITH THE "LABELLING" TACTICS & THE "RE-PACKAGING" BULLSHIT~TAKE TIME TO GET IT RIGHT~USE YOUR COMBINED GOD GIVEN ABILITIES
Please do not support the bill!
Also need to defund Planned Parenthood
Stop being such an obstructionist!  One never gets all of what they want so make the best deal you can.
This needs to stop why do I need the government telling me what type of Heathcare I need. If this crap happens expect death panels
How can we, the people stop this?  Just repeal it!
I stand with Rand!
Rand we are counting on you to dismantle it!
Please the #HealthcareBill is for the insurance companies. Very few in Congress care about the American ppl. #ConventionofStates #TermLimits
Yes to both
Do you ever agree with anyone?
I want what was promised. A #FullRepeal of Obamacare with no replacement but rather a market driven system. Tired of the spineless weasels!
Then quit griping about it and get in there and help fix it so we can get rid of Obamacare! You guys need to do your dang jobs!
Repeal ACA, replace with Americare, eliminate the insurance companies from the equation. Call me to discuss details. You may only 1 to help
Rand Paul your a drinking LOOSER
Ok, just repeal the whole damn thing.
Obamacare is a burden on us!
#WeThePeople need Gov out of our healthcare and in between our doctors. OCare was designed by Dems to fail ie,. single payer socialized med
Vote NO for Wray!! He's another puppet! So disgusted by the hearing today. Mueller is a joke and it is a witch hunt!
Yep. There is your GOP. #Democrat-lite
I have such a simple idea... REPEAL THAT GOD DAMN THING! THEN BACK THE FUCK AWAY FROM OUR HEALTHCARE! DONT TOUCH IT
everytime the gov touches something...  THEY FUCK IT UP! I DONT WANT THE GOV DECIDE MY HEALTHCARE!
I'm totally disgusted (& I believe all #Trump voters are as well) in the FACT that Republicans had 7 years to come up w/plan. Incompetence!
Seems like a simple solution run concurrent bills one strictly repeals the other creates the new replacement.
.@RandPaul .@SenateMajLdr .@LindseyGrahamSC .@SenJohnMcCain Any who support this will be recalled or voted out!!! #NoObamacare. #RepealNow
Full repeal
Have a plan before you repeal this.  Straight repeal w/o a replacement is 100% politics.  Crazy.
Fix it don't repeal it.
I say stand your ground. This is now bigger than a fight over legislation. This is a fight to reshape the Republican Party
A fight to reshape the entire political system. To be one party for the elites, and the other for the people. God get em Rand
thanks Senator, I didn't vote for you but you are a stand up man. Your work has been inspiring
Yep pity the poor billionaires who have pay tax at all.
Talk to your colleagues and get this done
we really don't have to have a deadline we can just wait to the midterms vote out some rhinos and pass the proper health care for citizens
#FullRepeal @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @RandPaul @SenTedCruz
Yeah what's up GOP? Don't you have control of all branches of the government?!! So it's true - the only thing you know how to do is obstruct
I have instructed both of my Senators, @BillCassidy and @JohnKennedyLA to vote NO! #FullRepeal .@RobManess
REPEAL,REPEAL,REPEAL.... And Replace
Just repeal this awful mess, let premiums go down again, find protection to preexisting issues without stealing taxpayers hard earned money!
WTF is wrong w/ these guys? Trump said DRAIN the SWAMP, it's more like a canyon. Why doesn't a tea party guy like Rand bring a plan to vote?
and @POTUS Post a link to the Senate Bill so Americans can read it. Don't want news outlet reports, want to see real Bill.
Then repeal the dang thing and get on with it! Something needs to be done these high deductibles are killing us!
I miss the days when Republicans worked together and negotiated things that they disagreed on!
#repeal
Intended on a repeal or replace he is a used care salesman and we bought the lie now if this bill passes republicans will have to pay
I hate to say it but I think we need to vote out career senators in 2018 midterms have to see who votes for this bill McConnell never
Well senator I stand with you and the many senators who I hope will vote no we need free market insurance no government intervention
vote NO!!! 7.5 years and bill that looks nothing like a free market solution! It's a Deep State Bill!!!!
Can you move to South Carolina to replace one of our republicrat senators?
It's sick! #GOP_Establishment has #Campaign_Talk & #DC_Talk once in PWR! That's Y #WeThePeople VOTED outsider @POTUS & they obstruct US!
Thieves keep stealing. We know DC is operating systems of unlawful conduct and regulations making honest civilians pay for curruption.
Vote NO...  We need  to  just repeal  Obamacare,  open up across  state lines, and allow the private  sector  to  follow.
Why didn't you doctors draft this
Just Repeal!
Sad!
Thank you Senator Paul for standing for we the people.
Obamacare or No premiums will keep going up they have been increasing exponentially since 80,s
We need to cut insurance companies out of the Equation put caps on pricing for common surgeries & meds Universal Healthcare
You are totally and completely correct
Voters didn't vote for this...
DEMAND REPEAL.
Government subsidies you will see are a BIG DRAIN ON TAXPAYERS. And the job never get completed correctly or on time or with good material
If you check history on subject such as the Rail Road system subsidies. You will start to notice something
Seriously, try getting unbiased reputable media not a Nazi publication please oh sorry " alt-Right" & again free market don't work 4 health
Government Subsidies: Does anyone know what it does to the American Taxpayers
"We The People" Said to get rid of Obama Care! ALL OF IT!  Tired of this political/lobbyist game undermining the vote of the people.
REPEAL... no need to replace! Over 10 Million took Medicaid expansion...clean up this mess before we go broke!
Rand ..please continue your fight to edit the FED and call out those like Elizabeth Warren who voted NO. SHAMELESS. $9 GIVEN AWAY TO THE BAD
The Pres can only write EOs. But the Congress and Senate need to CHANGE! @TPPatriots
There is not one thing the government runs efficiently and they have already screwed up health care. But yet can't seem to fix it
When will representatives do what is right for the country and their own self interest and reelection
Yeah well with everyone in the WH under investigation it's kinda hard to get anything done with the though of treason on everyone's mind.
Thank you Senator Paul!  Taking ownership of a bill that doesnt fix the problem is terrible. Keep holding these wet noodles feet to the fire
Just repeal Obama care. The people have spoken. You work for us...
If Healthcare is not passed, Democrats will regain majority in Senate. If so, you'll have live with their plan! Which would you rather have?
we want FULL REPEAL& replacement (free market) written by conservatives not RINOs and liberals!! Rand, Ted, Mike, etc - solid conservatives!
You know that TREASON is happening in the White House? Thought you may want to know, since it seems as if you don't.... #AskingForAFriend
#FullRepeal
Where's the #FullRepeal? Call for a recorded #UpORDownVOTE on #S106
Republicans should figure it out or all resign. You'll be voted out anyway. Many of us will just not vote next election.
Keep up your fight. Government does not need to be in involved in insurance
Can you do it with only 50 votes?
And McConnell won't split the bill to get a partial victory. Tell me again how much money the insurance companies pay him.
I like you Senator, but not enough to click on Breitbart.
Also, please don't link to Breitbart, it hurts your credibility.
This is so discouraging
Senator, I think it's important to talk about removing regulations AND protecting people from harmful chemicals, corporate malfeasance etc.
Time to be more blunt Senator - call out your fellow Senators by Name who are not doing their job as elected!
Real reform only will happen when you separate insurance reform and medicaid reform. They are separate issues.
Improve the Obama train wreck with the first step on the way to the best health insurance plan for America!
Can the taxes stay in the healthcare bill and then be removed with Tax reform?
Keep up the good fight, Senator @RandPaul . Your fellow fiscal conservatives do appreciate it.
Do not keep the name of Obama attached to health care or I will donate to your opponents in the next election
Then do something about it rand...
Yes.  We are in favor of Obamacare!
REPEAL THEN REPLACE. NUCLEAR OPTION ONLY WAY TO PASS LEGISLATION WITH DEMOCRAT OBSTRUCTION.
Health care is a right of citizenship and not a commodity that one finds in Walmart next to the toilet paper in aisle 5. #ACA #Medicaid
There is going to be hell to pay on elections if you do. We will no longer forgive and will not forget.
Obamacare kills people
When rand Paul, sen. Warren, and Schumer get theirs from Obamacare I'll acquiesce. Til then shut your mouths
All we heard from @HouseGOP @SenateGOP was give us the seats and we will Repeal!  #DoWhatYouSay
#Repeal
What about the rest of us ? More than 100million saw their pemiums double and triple under Obamacare. This group completely ignored
Repeal NOW no mandates. 
Repeal NOW no mandates.
Repeal NOW no mandates.
Mandates are Communism.
When are we going to repeal? This would force both sides to fix it!
Leave the Republican Party and create a new party, the Conservative Party, even if it means Dems temporarily get the Senate Majority.
