Did you ever find a copy of that bill???
no Faux news on my tv! I prefer mine from CNN.. and I would never believe anything you spout!
Senator Rand...NO BIPARTISANSHIP...DEMOCRATS WANT YOUR CURLIE-HEAD SCALP.
REPEAL OBAMACARE-IMPLEMENT...
Don't be so stubborn! Negotiate if you don't agree. We're sick a paying these out of pocket expenses $$$
Screw Paul Ryan and the GOP Establishment hacks!!! REPEAL AND REPLACE, RAND PAUL STYLE!
@OpposeObamaCare @HARRISFAULKNER @FoxNews #FullRepeal
As a $ conservative, aren't you upset Trump's FL trips cost US $$ ? &He said no foreign biz >sons overseas 4 biz >cost $$
...TRUE MARKET SOLUTION TO HEALTHCARE...I TRUST YOUR THOUGHTS, BUT...UNITE ...US REPUBLICAN HOUSE AND ..
just do it and stop talking about it
I'm not happy about secrecy. Shouldn't it be debated after the draft and not now?
sir, as a American with an independent nature, I thank you for being a balanced Voice in congress.
you mean he is an obstructionist in Senate
also one of congress's job is to check authority of executive power.
Stay at Fox they love you. The rest of the Country wants you out on the street under a bridge
US SENATE..SENATOR PAUL..
QUEEN BUBBLEHEAD @NancyPelosi AND KING SNAKE @SenSchumer, ARE NOT YOUR FRIEND!!
Freedomcare does not provide Medicare. You buy med ins like you buy auto insurance. Let states dictate.
thank you for all your hard work beware of fox they r moving left and people don't see it
Rand - you need to be in the mix on Obamacare replacement!  You are one of the few politicians I trust!
Just do it so we know who not with us.
Alexander the Great gave you the Obamacare solutions.  Gordian Knot.
Rand so the GOP RINOS have to pass the bill before Americans can see what k street favors are in it??!
Douchebag
It is now #GOPCARE and word is they intend to do most of US harm.

Rand>Anything in your bill that will enourage mor cash only med facilities/services 2 sprng up as backup?
no trust in government. Repeal it. Then make changes to the system which lower the cost of living
You mean taking healthcare away and making it more expensive and difficult to get? Nice job @GOP
it's already there you whining little Bit@h
You lose big time!
it doesn't sound like it helps the poor - they rarely pay much taxes - there for not a tax credit.
how about we repeal and replace Trump!
Have everyone in Congress and the Senate have the same plan as americans and you see how fast it gets fix
should be interesting since you don't seem to have anything in line.
Senator Paul's Healthcare bill is the answer. Getting people into groups is the way to get this done!
@FoxNew  Hey Rand Paul your not going to start whining like a little bit@h again  are you ?
Conservatives don't want Obamacare light they also didn't elect trump single handedly, pass a damn Bill
Please don't cave Rand!!!!
ask @rushlimbaugh @seanhannity @marklevinshow to help @GOP @SpeakerRyan copy Bill for AmericanVoters#USA
Sooooo...what are you going to do with the 20M+ that are covered under the ACA?  SCREW THEM?  Have some compassion, GOP!
Could you call for full investigation into this..? Marine women matter
Replace with what?
If you fuck this up 2018 is going to be a rough one for republicans
we've sold thousands of policies nationwide face to face sales-our clients want it repealed now-fix later
Keep working hard for us. We recognize and appreciate!
Obama over estimated the States Ability, willingness to fund Medicaid expansion! Don't repeat error
You guys will repeat the same mistakes if you base the Premiums on Tax Credits. This will be State prblms
Hey buddy-On a scale from "fuck i voted for Sessions" to "fuck i voted for Sessions" where are you at?
please make them see the light!!!
Paul, need to work your in house issue first with your crazy president
no repeal FIX ACA, Americans want the health plan congress voted for themselves
Rand why are you not discussing the Russian Trump conspiracy?  Investigate DT and all his comrades!
how about a plan to repeal & replace McConnell & Potus?  Ky Voter's are watching!
Another LOSER
So under your plan, what happens to people with P/E conditions not eligible for medicaid?
Rand Paul complaining about "Obama care lite" (a/k/a:Libertarian Rand Paul's sour grapes over primaries).
That's fine & dandy but until you condemn deranged  & insane allegations of Trump we're not listening
trump gave your state a little bit of money AND YOU SOLD THE PEOPLE OUT!!!!  TRAITOR!!!!
don't forget who your representing sir
Sen. Paul, I
want to know more about your plan!! Great ideas!! TY!!
Dr. Gerard Emershaw's revolutionary political book, The Real Culture War can steer you toward better defense of natural rights @RandPaul. 
I don't want Obama Lite. Please stop them!
at least Obama tried to do something. It may not be perfect but it was a start. What did reps ever do?
campaign contributions still coming in from big pharma.  is in the process of tearing itself apart
..payments on deductibles, you can't pay a $300-800 bill up front.
whenever someone talks about single payer you all scream "socialism" and check to make sure your...
The Koch brothers must be pushing real hard on @RandPaul They're relentless & won't stop until 20 mil lose coverage
i forgot...America is owned by the corporations and all they care about it profit. Screw the masses.
.. plan, but I'd say until 24 1/2 yrs, they get through college. Patients should be able to do monthly..
Another waste of time McConnell not going to let u put your plan on table He don't want u to show him up
how about you join the rest of the civilized world and guarantee health care for all? What a concept
pretty sure reps are gonna talk about this for 4 years and never actually get anything done.
How about you discuss repealing and replacing our deranged @POTUS? #impeachment #Russianhacking #manchild
Thanks for standing for Liberty, responsibility and small government. No one else will!
@realDonaldTrump RandPaul correct on Healthcare solution! Listen to him. And BTW I never agree with him.
@SpeakerRyan PLEASE detach health insurance from the Federal Govt! How about 1x stimulus until mkts work
keep up the fight for free market replacement senator!
Sounds like your all pissy because it will not be RandCare
@veganvecoh @HARRISFAULKNER @FoxNews can't wait
Why isn't Sen Paul making input to Senate Bill?
Why replace it with anything?? Give the free market control and get government out period in every aspect
Republicans been DISCUSSING O'Care for too long. Time to JUST DO IT 
#RepealAndReplace
yes let's do it lol
Please articulate how gov run/oversight of healthcare violates historic conservative principles.
Gov't control of 1/6th of our economy violates every principle of conservative values!
why do u want to take people's healthcare away? How much $ will u make off repealing it?
repeal and replace trump.  We will all be healthier.
get them Senator Paul! I have great faith in you! I VOTED FOR YOU!!!!!
maybe you'll have some time to discuss what can be done about the pathological liar we have as president
please stop with the theatrics. You are a grown man. A senator for cryin out loud
No, no, he's Indiana Jones and he's gonna find that bill!
haha, so many leaks I'd hide it too
Keep ACA, get us POTUS'S tax returns & independent prosecutor for Russiagate , less POTUS tweeting lies,.
seriously -he should focus on the deranged president & his constant lying...it's undermining everything else
The real death panels!
===Full repeal a must...someone needs to say...HealthCare is not a right...Medicare was a big mistake
is there any way to recover some of the price gouging the insurance companies did during transition
lol, you may wanna talk about the so called president and his tweets.
thank you Mr. Paul. Please stick with the President. America has faith in you both. Go get em!
Please don't turn on your own Party. We have a window of time to make progress.
Yeah - don't be independent and free thinking! Shut up and stay w/ the herd! Be a mindless selfish #Republican !
remember this.. #FullRepeal
Really? Are you kidding me? That's your take away from this weekend, business as usual? You know better
@SpeakerRyan & the @GOP being hypocrites of transparency with @SenRandPauI & the rest of America. #ShowUstheBill
In addition - Rand we need you to stay on balance budget/debt reduction. GOP has lost its way
#TrumpRussia
just pass your new bill, then we can read it to see what's in it!
#StandWithRand
What can the average citizen do to help you get the word out on your plan?
Will be listening to you on Harris Faulkner. Stick with TOTAL repeal!
can you come talk to the people of KY?  We got stuff to say.
I hear that the mandate to have ins is going away.Will you support overcrowded ERs & pay their bills?
Awesome!!
will you have a plan?
sure, go ahead and leave millions of Americans without health care
Any changes to estab legislation should put on hold until this Russia mess is solved!
better do it quick 2018 is going to be trouble thanks to trump
Yes, I will.
We voted Republicans because of Trump & Repeal Replace Obamacare was part of it..not Obama lite-
any chance you might appear on a real network
Full repeal. Every last word. Anything else is a #Fail
and replace too. Else stop the rhetoric
What about repealing and replacing Trump?
lol
