So instead lets have Congress debate and gridlock for months and let Syria keep killing innocents and possibly our troops.  Good call
Not a big fan of the law, huh?
So you're good with Assad killing people with Chemical Weapons and NOT doing anything... you're one sick type of human being.
Yeah, because that is what the article ( that I would be willing to bet you didn't read) says. 

It's too damn early to be rolling my eyes.
Congress already gave Approval. America has been at war, in Syria for years, now is not the time for playing dumb.
When?
Obama launched air strikes against Syria in 2014 and called for the removal of Assad. That is a declaration of war. Congress didn't stop him
No, it isn't.  That isn't how it works.
Wait - I'm confus - why are you tweeting in the third person ?
That's the actual headline of the article. That happens when you click the share button...
Yeah I know it just looked strange - shades of Gary "What Is Aleppo" Johnson
That's dumb.
For such a constitutionalist you have your facts twisted. He does have the right to do so. He didn't declare war. Check your facts
You guys can't even agree on healthcare - much less air strikes. Can't have our national security tied up in bureaucratic knots.
So just bomb everyone?
No. Just the ones that drop chemical bombs on children.  Can't look away when that happens.
Children are murdered by death tribes in Africa everyday...where is our outrage there?
Didn't know African tribes had chemical weapons.
Ah, so it has to be killing by chemical weapons before you care. Noted
You not caring when they're used on children - in terrorist territories - noted. Yup, let's do nothing.
X
Agree. Syria is a trap we should stay out of
Yea so you could leak it to th nyt
No offense, but if you wait for congress you'd never get ANYTHING  done!
Had he gone to congress for this Shumer/Warren would have telegraphed to Assad so he could launch strikes on our Navy! They can't be trusted
Marquee and reprisals and captures on land on water. Would have been moves to keep 4 kids being the main issue.
wait did you just appoint yourself as right? You are in this but still strange.
@oldtimer258 Rand Paul is aturn coat!
but changing the rules for The supreme Ct.,that is altering our Democracy is ok?If you think a dent in a runway&planes is appropriate WOW
The attack was not a dec of war, it was a strategic attack! Our CIC didn't require preapproval! It's legal since agreement was violated! 
What agreement? And how is bombing a sovereign nation not an act of war?
The agreement he made with the UN under Obama and his red line was crossed! 
I support @realDonaldTrump we must send a message!
I feel Trump is trying to divert from the attention of his Russia crimes. (Oh look there, I blew up an airfield).
I don't think so, Russia is a diversion. Think about it honestly, it is a hard job, no one would risk military lives to look good.
Oh and by the way, there are no Russia crimes.
Senator, the war had already started.  This is an attempt to stop it.  With all due respect.  Message for post ISIS Assad regime
that's the way it's supposed to work but we didn't have that in Libya, Yemen or this protracted situation in Syria.
He didn't declare war!
yup we pushed over Libya and didn't declare war, we've bombed Yemen for how long? Syria? We need to rethink deployment of forces.
No Rand, there is a time to do something but we all know your a do nothing guy. You have lost my vote!!!! Kentucky for America
This is not true. We didn't enter war. It wants a simple message to Assad, Russia, Iran, China, North Korea. This was done by Reagan/Clinton
It's not war brother
If congress can't deside on a SCOTUS how could they decide on launching some missiles?
can you just imagine the fillibustering?
So you're saying we should just hand unchecked power over to the president and do away with that part of the Constitution?
It was ONE proportionate air strike & NOT a declaration of war. Such limited "engagement" is absolutely permitted under 1973 War Powers Act.
You gave Approval after Obama attacked Syria the first time and you said nothing. We've been at war for years. Don't be an idiot !!
don't need approval from a group of people he can't trust for one airstrike.
Yes he does. Just because you don't like the law doesn't mean you don't have to follow it.
Not to dump a couple of bombs on chicken neck, I hope he swallows one of them.
If you want to do it and no Americans are in danger go to congress it is that easy.
Yes, it only takes two yrs more or less. 
Right, but that is the way it should be. A real leader wouldn't need two years.
well David you may not think he's a leader BUT HE IS THE LEADER for the next 4 years hopefully longer
You were the one who said it would take 2 years.  He might be the president, and my president but that doesn't make him a leader.
One strike on a chemical used airfield is not war, we have troops in Syria also, Trump did not need congressional approval for this attack
a single bombing raid is not starting war
No war has been launched.
like we did during the gulf war.  while the idiots were arguing in congress for two months Iraqtrucked their chemicals weapons to syria
Yeah that's true...
Senator Paul, please raise a ruckus to stop Pres Trump trigger happy decision. US could not afford another war.
Every time I think you start sounding sensible you screw it up... Stick to healthcare!
They were washing nerve gas off children with hoses.  You can't agree on healthcare yet.  I don't think the children can wait.  Fight evil.
These comments are the product of generations of public schooling and mainstream media.
The problem is he didn't launch a war... he retaliated for all those dead babies gassed! Somebody had to stand up for morality!
Senator Rand Paul, Was this a War being Launched? I thought it was a warning 
No one has declared war
One air strike is NOT a war!
Okay. Let me know when someone tries to...
do you do anything other than go on media shows all day long??
I am a supporter of you Senator..but the fact is..today you were simply grandstanding..and THAT is wrong. Be supportive of the POTUS..PLEASE
This isn't war. What the president did is perfectly okay. I am very disappointed with you!
I like Rand Paul, but I do not agree with him. Congress is too indecisive to handle situations that require quick decisive action
Thank God Americans have @POTUS Cmdr in Chief. DEMs obstruct everything & REPs can NOT work together; can't even get ACA repealed & replaced
IF you really want to approve something, DO IT & don't just talk about it. Seem O' asked for #Syria approval long ago; did he ever get it?
Seems like #Congress has never learned 2 be pro-active & makes politics out of investigations leading nowhere; that's why @POTUS has 2 solve
Is the House @HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats needed; will the House be on "recess" 24 of next 32 weekdays? Besides, who can count on the DEMS?
Another reason why you never made it out of the primaries...
WRONG! Don't KILL Innocent CHILDREN. @POTUS Works For the people AsYOUDo (theREASONwePayTax$) CONGRESS Should Sit Down & ShutUp!
I understand your point, but what would you have our pres do in light of such atrocities? Have congressional debate?
One strike does not a war make, Senator.
You are NOT right.
Bullshit.  Killing children deserves more
How many more had to die Hasn't he killed enough I'm surprised at you thought you'd be on Trumps side  disappointed
ok demand that!!! See if you can push that through!
Stop stroking yourself on Twitter and actually put your statement into action
Don't launch a war even with approval. You're still going to new unsc approval
You guys haven't made up your mind about anything since you got into office why would we listen to you now
congress can't agree on the color of the sky I hate war but u can't attack children and think we r going to do nothing so shhh
Fine Rand. You better be pushing that #approval through then. Political agendas aren't worth letting kiddos get murdered.
It was a precise and strategic plan. Not war!  Do us a favor and don't run for office again.
You mean like waiting for Congress to repeal Bozocare! Can't wait 8 more years get the sleep out of your eyes it's already almost too late!
Doesn't he have 60 days though?
That's why the line identifying Assad's use of the gas as an imminent threat to our national security was included in the Mar-a-lago speech.
Did you just quote yourself???? 
POTUS does NOT need congressional approval Dr Paul.  You are a brilliant fiscal conservative but that LIBERALtarian retort is fraudulent
What war! It's an airstrip and precise strike? 
you are a bipolar duface! You need medication
Has Rand Paul become Rip Van Winkle and not woken to fact that Congress is too partisan and contentious to agree on anything even within GOP
If we actually had a congress/senate that didn't function like children I would agree. But don't trust any of u now. Trust @POTUS
2/3 Authorization leaves the decision to act in the hands of the executive branch. This was not the desgin of the framers. #Halfmeasureman
The constitution does not say Congressional Approval. It says Congress Declare War. The decision is clearly put in the hands of Congress.
Problem is that members of congress would leak it for political purposes, & our enemies would use the intel y'all just hand them against us
You are so very correct!  What has come over DJT?  The war party wins again!  Sad!
Snowflake @RandPaul pay attention: No war was launched. This is a very strategic move & shows US strength. #Syria
No! This strike was intended to prevent escalation to war in the region. Effective!There are reasons Paul's #s among GOPcandidates never>1%
Okay, you were right? Now what? Being right and then sitting idly by and/or going along with the mistake of an administration means nothing.
Accept Flynn resig was my 1st attack Freedom Caucus was 2nd Syrian strike is 3rd...
Rand u r right..everything hes DONE been disaster in my opinion.
Senator Paul! stick to working on healthcare!!!
#POTUS showing strength and leadership. Sometimes you have to act fast and can't start discussions with congress. Syria attack justified.
You can't do a surprise swift attack and go to congress first. Plus they leak everything. Wish it was different , but isn't.
We the people of KY have no voice in Washington. You hold no town halls. #kleptocracy #resist
Answer These 14 Questions Before You Push For U.S. War In Syria
He didn't declare war!!
By the time congress gives the approval, Assad and his regime will be long gone from Syria, possibly taking refuge in Russia.
There is a time when congressional approval is not needed and a bad move! This is one of those times Rand Paul!
Senator, if Pres. Trump@had gone to Congress it would be known and all over the news. No surprise!
Senator Rand Paul is right, Trump must respect the law by asking Congress for approval.what is happening in Syria is a false flag.
Nope, congress declared wsr in 2015 and hasn't ended. Totally legal, and just an air strike that killed no one, not a declaration of war.
Just a "strongarm" to force hand of assad and RUS, RUS now wants to talk diplomacy and we have 0 blood on our hands. See now?
NOBODY WAS KILLED. It was solely to send a message. Russia wants diplomacy now, and nobody had to die to get there. War prevented, n/started
And here we all thought we voted for Trump not Clinton. #killarytrump
Obama in 2015 launched 2,800 strikes on Iraq, Syria without congressional approval, and no one said a word. #Tomahawks #MAGA #respect
War? I'm grateful 4 what Trump did! It's about time someone defend the innocent lives of Syrian children! Trump sent a message, not war!
@FCNL Oh good, let’s all thinkpiece this to death. Not act, not do…just talk. 
Trump is allowed to blow the hell out of them for 90 days WITHOUT congressional approval. Give em hell, Potus Trump.
I wish idiots would just shut up, what would you have done....oh yea we wouldnt know for 6 months until poll numbers would come back
This was not and act of war...
Please resign. How many more babies do you want to see foaming at the mouth?
No President Trump the ONLY Comander in Chief did not declare war.  Stick to the Health Bill and Taxes Senator Paul and Senator Lee!
Congress cannot find its butt with its own hands. Even though I voted for you I am sick to death of gridlock due to big egos!
so launching war against Libya was ok.
I would agree if congress could get anything done.... however, congress is still a select group of overpaid folks accomplishing little
Sometimes you're just an IDIOT, THIS is one of them! the continuation of gassing innocent human beings REQUIRES IMMEDIATE response no 6 moBS
Why start now?
@JulieBorowski.  We didn't.
Barrack Obama is on your side @RandPaul do nothing! Evil does exist
Is it a coincidence that Trump launches a strike right before congress prepares to break for two weeks? Or did he & Putin plan it that way?
I agree with top secret missions kept secret too many  leaks and Obama Clan  followers.
With the pass 3 months, congress has proven to be self serving politicians with their own agenda for obstruction and sabotage of America.
Please Have faith in @POTUS @realDonaldTrump .
It's possible that Trump and Putin are "creating" friction in order to have a productive and well-received Detente.

just sayin'
Sorry but sometimes a decision needs to be made quickly. This was not an act of war but of prevention and @POTUS had every right to act
I would agree but today too many obstructionist in government. Many would waste so much time and  just stand in the way of protecting lives
How many times is @realDonaldTrump going to violate the constitution before somebody does something about it?  #resist
The US Congress couldn't approve Jack, can't  govern . Sad 
@POTUS The POTUS is being duped. We have NO business in Syria. America First. Do U really trust the intel? We have NO business there.
Amazing - Rand Paul says Rand Paul is right.
Not war, just a stiff jab to the face.
Random Paul CHILL OUT THE PRESIDENT HAD EVERY RIGHT TO KICK THERE ASSES. SO IN OTHER WORDS YOUR CONGRESSIONAL APROVAL WILL GET BE A JOKE
He didnt launch a war. Just a tactical strike. That was well deserved
No he is not right. Period
Seriously. At what point did @realDonaldTrump say we were going to war? Why grandstand? I'm proud of what he did.
Why isn't the incompetent U.N
taking care of this shit, isn't stuff like this the reason they're in existence?
Do we need to ask a dysfunctional Congress to enforce international law when we do have some troops on the ground in Syria?
Few holes in the ground far from war. ANY war declaration needs to be approved by Congress. After all the intel debacles, hard to trust DC!
So far, it's not war. Just a 'tap on the shoulder' to let Assad know that we're watching. I hope it goes no further.
Air strike different than "war". We've been doing missle strikes for 50 years w/o congressional approval.
War Powers Act. Read it
I think you just commited political suicide with that comment Senator.
Your negativity is starting to get old. You were not elected POTUS. Work on healthcare that's your big event. You stopped it now fix it
We have a thousand people on the ground in Syria. Don't want to see anyone, least of all, our people choking on sarin gas. Shut it down.
@SharonMcCutchan Translation: "share info with & get approval from those who want 2 do you n". Bad plan, @CNN would have known 1st
Tired of hearing career politicians whining about anything. USA & world have not been made better with their years of bullcrap & no results
@POTUS is now another imperial presidency?? clinton/bush/obama and now trump??...when will this imperialism end??.i guess not in my lifetime
How was an strategic attack war??
I don't think we declared war, just show the world "don't bully us". I think it was a great move.
Maybe Congress should get busy and 'work'
I think you are great but wrong on this one! Congressional approval, please! They can't approve of a judge that they had 100%a few yrs ago
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @asamjulian @LouDobbs @seanhannity @newtgingrich @batchelorshow US is NOT a World Police
Besides, we are almost $20 trillion in debt.
Enough pacifism, senator. obama is gone.
If you have a problem, call him up and discuss it.  Don't give the democrats another campaign commercial!
Wrong again, Senator. How's that new healthcare plan coming along?
Did you forget Obama declared war on Syria through Congress in 2015? That war never ended. @POTUS did what Obama promised but didn't deliver
I disagree
You mean "on vacation 24/7" do nothing congress?
Sorry. I often agree with Rand, but not this time.
Rand Paul is wrong, Trump has not started a war with anyone! Consider, Reason and limited purpose of this strike! What does USA stand for?
no humanity in your words. Chemical weapons? Let's wait..., get approval from Congress? That's scared leadership
STOP SUPPORTING THE NEOCONS! THERE IS NO EVIDENCE ASSAD DID THIS. SPEAK OUT LOUD. IS AMERICA OWNED BY ANOTHER COUTRY???
AUMF. It's what President Trump used to bomb Iraq and Syria....and he did not need Congressional Approval to do so, AUMF has not changed
Agree 100%
US stay out of Syria!
Thank Goodness you did not get GOP nomination! Pres. Trump never acts rashly. He DID notify appropriate committees. Check facts!
Trump did the right thing. Long over due.
Well, good thing that he didn't launch a war. We've military assets there & this was in our interests. Trump as @POTUS & CIC has this right.
He got Approval he needed &  you know it! He met with who he needed to-it just wasn't you & he didn't get your Approval-that's the problem!
are you Tweeting in 3rd person? Also what thoughts have you provided on foreign policy in regards to the 6 year #Syrian Civil War?
So do nothing and let Assad gas more people? Enough is enough here!
You always have to start some crap don't you? You really do like the Limelight don't you?
Paul is passive aggressive. Grow a pair. Obama walked around with his nuts in Michelle's purse for 8 years. Trump keeps his in his pants....
Are we now "at war" with Syria?
He didn't need approval
To late for words. Prepare for Christ return soon.
Right... We all know how swift and decisive Congress can be.
Reagan was able to contain Khadafi w a few pointed attacks. Khadafi decided he'd rather live & rule, than die.
well hopefully Congress would be able to do the right thing and actually do something for once… I’m not holding my breath
