Time to put the pressure back on the Demo'rats and press charges against the perps in the Obama Admin!
you stood on a stage with Trump... they had to be sure.
Sen. Paul how does the average citizen find out if they were surveilled?...
@Dinkeldash 
Should be known without asking.
This way it goes on the record, there can be hearings, subpoenas, etc.
These Westerners, always trying to make things official.
Nothing a private coffee session can't fix.
You can't throw people in jail after a private coffee session.
No need.
Win them over and use them for your own benefit.
Or cut off their sources of living, with a smile.
You should never co-opt a snake in the grass.  Honest opponents, yes, but these cretins should go to jail.
Tell them they're going to Switzerland.
Sweden.
where the hell is Jeff Sessions on this?
Jeff Sessions is probably too busy cleaning up the corruption from the past 8 years!
I wish that were rue but I dont see it. He is James Comeys boss so whatever Sessions wants to do he could do. But I see nothing
I don't think Sessions is required to announce every move he makes, do you?
The bad thing is HE DOESN’T MOVE! He’s too slow! 
Now you know how ordinary Americans feel!  Our Constitutional rights get stomp & trampled every day
Oh honey, we’ve been watched heavily since Dubya’s reign not Obama. And it’s people like Paul and McConnell that just extended this type of surveillance for another six years. These people do not represent you or your interests like you think they do.
You ran for president. I'm sure you were.  I think every GOP candidate should make the same request!
Enjoy this Trump alliance!   These tweets will be here for us all to remember which side of history you were on.....
Yes, I did too...My microwave was acting up and I'm not stupid. #Duh
If you were caught up in incidental collection...fvcking sucks to be you POS!
Have you been talking to Russian agents or mobsters?  If so, the answer is probably yes.
if you were, Senator, then I suspect it happened to many others. Was open season declared on anyone who spoke out against Obama?
and, of course, you have proof of this, right? Otherwise, it's just slander.
Of course, you have proof that Obama spied on others? Otherwise, it's just slander.
that narrative is becoming more sure than any Russian collusion storylol.Dems leadership sees it now.
oh yeah? Who told you that? Lol
Were you having conversations with unfriendly nations' operatives about easing sanctions or hacking political opponents? If so, yes. #resist
Funny, I never worry that I'm being watched. Then again, I have nothing to hide. Hmmmm.
Stop playing into the Trump paranoia. We already know he lied to divert attention from RussiaGate that is being ignored. SAD
Have you done something wrong or spoken to a Russian person if not you don't need to worry
Like Angela Merkel?
You don't think Germany do it fool
Um, yeah. You're inconsequential and nobody cares what you're doing.
Um...you might want to keep this on the down-low. I mean...yeah. Optics. 
#TrumpRussiaInvestigation

Awesome  it really is that simple.
Devin Nunes obviously didn't get the memo before he snuck into the White House to meet with Trump.

Am I the only one that didn't talk with Russian? Cause I kinda feel left out
for real. I have been waiting by the phone...
That & my damn Soros check....
It's in the mail
Were you contacting foreign agents to undermine the US? Worried that you were picked up incidentally? O Admin & IC don't target US citizens.
Why would YOU be surveiled.
Feeling GUILTY? #GopsAccomplishments #KillingPeople #StillRapingtheTaxpayers
RussiaPaul gonna Russia (PS I haven't checked but I know that's what you mean without looking :) )
Oh, Paul, you poor fool.  If you talked to a Russian spy, you were caught.
Honey tell all this to the Democraps for they are the terrorist party.
Making more friends I see troll...
I got you all frustrated and pissed. I didn't even try.  This is easy.
Says the follower with zero substance... deflect when losing.
Wow senator, you've decided to become part of the scapegoating team? Thought you were an ideologue, not a hack.
It's not scapegoating Obama used the Intel Community to spy on people that politically opposed him. And don't forget the IRS scandal
No proof of such, no hint of a scandal, nothing there. No R has come out and has said they've seen evidence of wrong doing *at all*
Well that's funny because last time I checked Susan Rice just refused to go before Congress and testify
I mean if there's nothing to hide then you should be able to go Underoath and not plead the fifth one time
It's no use,man. This is the party that still supported a candidate after learning evidence was smashed w/a hammer.
Susan rice was ready to go to hearing, tool she was advised it was not a agreed upon by deputy chair. It's a witch hunt...that's all.
There's no evidence she did anything wrong...she's being used to deflect from focus of investigation. Every1 agrees that RU was involved...
Guilty conscience Rand? Surely, if you've done nothing crooked or treasonous you've nothing to worry about? Of course, if you have... 
I think his concern lies in whether his and other Americans 4th ammendment rights have been violated.
So you are now worried about protecting the rights of traitors? You need a warrant to wiretap. To get one you need evidence.
Where's the evidence? I've only heard speculation. No proof of any traitorous acts
Did you watch the Comey hearing? If Trump et al were in the clear, he would have said so.
Would he? I'm not so sure. He also said things aren't as they seem based on the claims of the media.
He is constrained by his position. He said many times he would speak to them privately, but could not speak publicly. Sally Yates next.
Yeh... that doesn't prove anything either way. We just don't know
, good luck with getting any true answers from Intel
I've followed and campaigned for the Ron Paul since 2007, thank you for continuing the fight in the Senate!
Intetesting that @RandPaul tweeted the above 8 hours after I tagged him here:
How is this from @Circa not MAJOR news? Obama Admin in '16 scoured the actual contents of NSA intercepted calls/emails for 5,288 Americans! 
Maybe the uptick was due to Russian meddling? 
5,288 people? Please! Besides, if true it would prove Trump correct.
That's a spurious conclusion clouded by your bias.
Or is the bias yours?  #justSaying
No, I read the actual govt report. 2015 - 4672 people 2016 - 5288. 616 person increase.
Honestly-the govt would only "scour" people that are up to no good-they are not interested in "eavesdropping" on regular Americans.
It's healthy to be skeptical of gov't motives, but that's a separate discussion from Yossi's specious 'Trump was right!' claim.
You as a Senator should know unless you were talking to a foreign adversary you were not under serveillance. If you were, then yes...
You were collected under incendental collection. Assuming you can answer your own question.
Oh please. Nobody gives a shit about you Paul, not even the Russians.
You are trying to slow down the Trump/Russia investigation.  Yep, you're  dirty
Go to work and stop whining. Deflect deflect deflect deflect #TrumpRussia
Oh please,please. I want to be relevant again !!!!!
What hiding?
Because you've asked that question, I have to ask you.  What did you do that has you so worried?
stay on top of this @RandPaul
Is the senator feeling a little left out?  Do you want someone to investigate you or are you trying to get your paws on evidence?
Did you get hit in the head when you went golfing with President Trump?
You sound like you want to know that you are important enough for anybody to pay attention to you, even if it is investigating you
Interesting...
Dude, that accusation is too far even for you. Obama didn't do a thing. If you're got in trouble because of Russiagate, it's your fault.
Aw, now that AHCA is "over" we have to have a new distraction from #TrumpRussiaInvestigation is that it? Sure it is. Nice try Rand.
How much money did YOU take from Kremlin? Guess u know you are dirty and trying to get ahead of it. @TeaPainUSA @BraddJaffy @MelissaJPeltier
Are you part of this?
NEW VIDEO: FBI Director Comey may have confirmed reports that a Virginia Grand Jury is impaneled on Trump/Russia  
Trump train riders are in for a rude awakening.  Trumprussia is not fake #news is not conspiracy theory. People are going down & so is Trump
Get back to the Obama Surveillance Pit @TuckerCarlson Did #DeepState listen2 POTUS-Comey chat? Decertify FederalEmployeeUnions #SEIU_Coup
get over yourself
DO YOUR JOB. If you can't or won't, know that the truth abt #trumprussia will come out no matter how venal & base your political maneuvering
I think what is going on here is the (R)s are starting to get an inkling of how deep #TrumpRussi goes, and are absolutely utterly terrified.
And Obama's living rent-free in all their minds, especially Trump.
Please stop talking about is and do something, this is ridiculous
When you see people parked next to car pretending looking at phones they are paid stalkers! I couldn't believe it but confirmed by newspaper
is "Tangled Up in #NYPD Blue"
More paranoia from a #complicit jackass.
Right. Gotta get out in front of the evil "Obama surveillance machine". Lmao.
It will be over, right? Within my lifespan? Cause I used to have hobbies, read other types of news & books, plan for the future...
Probably, I'm sure Cruz, Rubio, Graham were too. btw. why is Adm Rogers not fired yet.. he's part of the Obama cabal. so is McCabe
No shit, Sherlock. If you were colluding, you were surveilled. But, you already know that.
Also aren't you in favor of firms deciding who to allow into shop or eat at businesses? Now that's fair & equal for all?
Sen. Paul,
If anything, we wish we could see and hear LESS of you.
Love,
Obama, the intel community, and literally everyone
Two weeks and you got a whole 7 likes on this tweet 
Ahem.
I'm more concerned about my healthcare, not some political bs about surveillance.
Yeah, doesn't he have work to do?
This IS his work, what he's always done - just spew useless hot air.
go get them Rand,expose it all.we have a right to know.
Rosenstein should step down if he doesn't appoint a special counsel to investigate Obama's spying! Biggest scandal in presidential history
BENGHAZI!!! Never forget the 37 MILLION AMERiCANS that died. #maga #kkk #biblevalues
It goes MUCH deeper than spying. MUCH deeper.They have had more power than the President. Keep digging and u will c
Why would anyone waste time on an ayn rand doofus like you? 
then your Dad lied about your name- you WERE named after ayn rand-
Rand aren't you against human & voting rights acts passed on the 1960's ?
Obama was the Surveillance President!  Tyranny & fascism the Democrat way!
Were you talking to the Russians on the down low, trying to hide it?
@RandPaul  it is ABOUT TIME!!!!! Get back bones you republicans! Get a back bone and get these Lying SOB
There is no question about Obama spying on you & others. But he is slick he always gets others doing his dirty work. So he wont get caught
You likely have and continue to be surveilled
Man, the things you'll stoop to to distract attention from Putin installing a puppet POTUS.
Obama ran the government as a criminal organization. Lock him up & all his cronies! @EricHedean @shannoneffects1  @Grace_Asher1  #MAGA
You seem a tad confused here
I bet you were! Get Rice and indict her
And if you were? Then what? Politicians are all about bluster. Look at all of the things that have happened without consequences recently.
#HAHAHAHA Sorry for laughing. However as an elected federal official you should know --  if you talk to a spy, you're on a FBI tape.
I see you're taking up the idiocy of our demented president. Good luck with that.
You already know the answer to that Rand. When will y'all do something about it is what the people want to know!
Well, I wrote this. You never replied, sir. https://teddystick.com/rand-paul-stands-up-to-obama-filing-official-request-to-demand-if-he-was-included/ … God bless, sir.
Did you just implicate yourself into the russia investigation? Are you now the smoke or the screen, or both?
Don't you have an actual job to do instead of lame publicity stunts to keep your name in print?
Why would they care about a crackpot like you?
Just can't get out from in front of those cameras can you.
Why? What did you do?
We'll get to you later, Rand.  Busy with the big fish right now.
Ahh when the flashlight shines, the rats scramble
@nobamanoway Just like Venezuela #Obamatactics Sad & Bad #StandWithRand
Is your nose clean? Or are you consisting with Russian spies, mafyia and money launderers, too?
They spied on all the candidates I have no doubt.
They need to be held accountable for the overreach and abuse of power.
Maybe it's just your microwave, dude.
Bwahahaha. WH couldn't even prove allegation of surveillance. Who u playing to? #resist #theResistance #RESISTANCE
Seriously, who GAF about you enough to tap your phones? You bored the shit out of everyone with your road trip
You think you are important enough to be a surveillance subject?  Get real Rand.
Spoiler alert: You were and probably still are.
dont make yourself more to a laughing stock of the country then you are already, sad very sad
If you were legally being surveilled w/ a warrant, there is a good reason. Thanks for broadcasting your guilt! V. helpful.
Check your microwave Rand! After you get done screwing the American people out of their healthcare that is. Priorities!
Your not an important person.@RandPaul or are you feeling guilty about something?
@Jungle_Jim123 u were
You are not that interesting.
Are you going to just lay down and take it? Or will you have the guts to do something about it? #walkthetalk17  #obamascandal

Thanks for being a good Citizen! Could u please ask the WH officials to release names of those visited WH since Jan 20? Thanks in advance!
Please let us know.  And what does it take to get  jackasses  indicted 
What if the Trump admin has surveilled you? Not worried. Yeah. #Russia
now this is getting out of hands and trump started all this shit, since trump got involved with governament every thing has gone
@USAlovesTrump1 Of course you were.And we want the answers.Its wrong.
Do you think they will actually tell you?
Rand Paul 2020 
You were under several trillions in total informations bubble @GOP
Get over yourself Paulie boy. You aren't interesting enough - or dangerous enough - no one  thinks you have the b&&&s to be dangerous.
oh shut up
You needed to be surveilled, you just look like you might be a Russian agent.
ALL republicans in the primary were surveilled! They didn't just get 'lucky' surveilling Trump who happened to win...
Are you saying the intel community had reason to do so?
This is stupid. If the agencies broke the law, why would they tell you?
That's what guilty people do. They're extremely concerned about who's investigating them.
Were you talking to Russians? Then yes, you were
Only if u talked to the Russians
Go get em Rand!!!
You need a tin foil hat. You really think Obama cared about you that much? He was leading a country -- not killing people and drinking swill
Good. Hold them accountable! We all know who spied on govt officials. Matter of time it will come out.
Dude!
Just like the GOP to waste tax payers money on non issues like whether or not your boring ass was surveilled
Like they're going to tell you and be forthcoming about doing something highly illegal
What an a$$h0le.
I'm guessing you should have. Distraction from the investigation is rule 1
Why? You're completely irrelevant!
Were you under investigation by the FBI?
Only if they had a reason to be looking at you.  Do you think they had a reason to be looking at you? Why you feeling so guilty?
Shut up, fool.
No American was "surveilled", only incidentally because of Russian connections. What are you hiding @RandPaul?
ATTACK! Put these criminals behind bars where they belong.
Yes, you and your Russian buddies. #Traitor
C'mon, I mean, who looks at Rand Paul and thinks "I'd tap that"?
Of course you have, everyone in America is being illegally spied on 24/7 by the NSA
Edward Snowden proved that
Anything to obfuscate and delay the inevitable revelations about Trump and Russia. You are such a tool.
Don't worry, I'm sure you have nothing to be concerned about.
Obama is the head of the snake and his administration is the body of the snake!!!
#Putin lovers treasonous #Trump & @RandPaul a macabre America harming threesome. #TrumpRussia #Russia are enemies of USA.
You were probably swept up when you made calls or visits with the other traitors in Trump's campaign colluding with Putin. #RunRandRun
What are you afraid about? You mean the rules you imposed on us don't apply to you? That's hypocritical don't you think?
Like they would actual admit it....(only if they are no holdovers coving former administration) will you receive the truth
@omahabe2 Still no results I see.
If you're worried about that, you should actively try to disband the NSA too.
We absolutely need to consolidate our intel community and cut out the rot.
You and the rest of the patriots take a number.
Good I hope you were. Your going down
Great idea! All in Congress should do the same. Obama's NSA sure seems to have been busy poking around.
Oh go away.
Seek help.
What are you worried about Randy?
Something to hide?
This is ridiculous and you should be ashamed of this type of propaganda. I thought you were bigger than this. Lately, you seem unhinged
Go get em Rand!!!
Good, but Comey has got to go, he is WEAK, thinks serving bad food is torture! We are not safe with him @FBI
Good on you Senator! However it's unlikely you'll ever get any answers (well truthful ones antway) from the irrepressible Rep + Dem swamp.
Why don't you just formally confess to the FBI? #guiltyofsomething
Why would anyone surveil you? You are a boring, average person.
Don't think your important enough to waste their time. Only Kentucky would vote for Paul.
We don't care, Rand. If you were, then get ready for prison.
Worried about your Russian connections Rand?
What would he or anyone else want with you?
Sounds like delusions of grandeur to me.
Why don't you concentrate on getting to the bottom of @realDonaldTrump ties to Russia before creating a new distraction.
KY resident and voter....This is embarrassing....do you think it would be possible for you to do your job and stop trying to get on CNN?
Rand, nobody fuck'n cares enough.
With all due respect.  I don't think you should be wasting our taxes on such a request. If you need media attention, just do your job.
: Hv u requested info from @WhiteHouse & @TheJusticeDept re Russian interference in election or conflict of interest by the trumps?
Newsflash: You're not important enough to be surveilled. Go smoke some pot, OK?
