It truly helps IH sufferer's
One day it's reported Sa and Egypt fighting with Qatar for funding opposition rebels . Next day CNN reports Russia out out the fake news
What is hemp?
I believe it is a type of grass with a lot of fiber that would save a lot of trees.
Ok. Thank you for answering :)
Not just hemp legalize marijuana as well so we can all reap the economic benefits
Tim I haven't decided if legalizing grass for all instead of medical reasons is a good idea.. look at the hardships associated w/alcoholism
False comparison. 0 people die per year from marijuana use compared to 88k from alcohol. Alcoholism didn't disappear with prohibition.
Keep up the people's work Mr. Paul
About time.  Nobody ever got addicted to smoking anchor rope.
News story to cause friction with Qatar and Sa ,Egypt.Totally fake,one who investigated it ? FBI etc,in one day they can tell it was Russia
This has implications and fake news can cause wars ,alliance problems , prevent sharing of Intel . This is an serious issue.
"Make the most you can of the Indian Hemp seed and sow it everywhere." -President George Washington, 1794
William Randolph Hearst demonized hemp to eliminate his competition.
Indeed. Seems to have been a coordinated effort stemming from the Fed Res, Oil, Pharm and others to induce Reefer Madness on the public
Yet I don't see you Tweeting about AG Sessions' "War on Drugs 2: Been There Done That."
He's been quite hard on Jeff Sessions, you missed it.
Greatest fiber crop ever!! #Hemp
Psyched to see this!  Nobody wants to touch it. I support Industrial Hemp. Would be great for USA. The People have BIG $$ Lobbyists in Way.
Hemp is cool and all but it's small potatoes. End farm subsidies. Corn is killing us.
Dear rand advocate for et alien disclosure Americans have a right to know the truth
I'll take @RandPaul over @RANDCorporation any day!
He was confirmed at end of April . WP months ago ran a story Russia hacked a electrical company in Vermont ,bogus story .
Fake news and leaking ,with turnout to be nothing ,or false undermines this president and now screwing with foreign policy.
True why would Russia tell the world what Iran was up to ? Makes no sense
Kentucky vote this man out next year..
http://www.latimes.com/politics/la-pol-ca-on-politics-column-20170602-story.html … speaking of history YOU R on the wrong side of history defending obstruction & abuse of power by UR comrade #trump
Yes. My Masters thesis; Rural Organized Crime; Marijuana Growers in Kentucky describes the culture
Or they aren't seeking to validate stories . TODAY STORY WP published a story used at a hearing rosenstein wasn't appointed in March
I suggest having the fcc fine news media for fake news ,or uncorroborated news. I personally think they are making it up .
It took FBI two months ? Next Iran and Saudi hate each other , Russia with Iran , why would Russia put out news to start the fight and if
Can you pls pass law for leaking and fake news .
Sessions disagrees with you stoner
We legalized marijuana in Washington State, and we have no problems with it. Marijuana has a number of medicinal benefits.
Do you care about Black people and Jesus name
1968 my grandpa was thrown in prison for growing hemp, gov regulating a harmless plant is ridiculous, #FreeMarket #HempHistoryWeek #HempWeek
And lost his many acres of land
You should be an advocate for medical marijuana because I'm going blind I can't see in the dark
Its all about the Liberty.
You should have been Potus
Vote no on trumpcare
STOP cover LAIR trump TRANSPARENCY shows trump TAXES Russian tides conflict of interest no more stupids tweets
You will be President. Trump's just warming everybody up. #GODBLESSAMERICA Save our Republic #Hemp #Originalist #Sovereign #RAND
Hemisphere is a great renewable source and can be used as a carbon sink
Something we can agree upon.
Me Paul from one republican to another...pass the president's healthcare bill.
Stay away from this guy!
What happened?
Take a good hefty "hit" and grow some balls and repeal Obama care!! Don't bogart!!
That is why Jeff has to go
How about working on medical marijuana so ppl like my wife don't have to depend on narcotic pain meds
THANK YOU! (FYI - I'm  not a user, but as a realist, deregulation of industrial hemp only makes sense).
Not just industrial hemp, speak to people who have been helped by thc pills and such
As long as the people vote yes or no That is the American way. Hey thanks for standing against phone hacking a Patriotic Act it was.
@seanloom @RandPaul Not to mention the incredible health benefits!
Talk about a change for environmental health. Check out what an acre of hemp can produce compared to an acre of trees.
Hypocritical
Confused as to why Hemp is classified as a Schedule I drug.  Does this even come close to the common sense test?
We NEED cannabis to be legal federally.  It must be a right for everyone. It seems to be legal in some states, but it really isn't.
Love it! Thank you sir!
#HempHistoryWeek    #StandWithRand
Another "Baylor Proud" moment. Where does a libertarian draw the line on total freedom/anarchy? Libertarians are just lazy anarchists.
I agree completely
With the medical benefits that are reported. It could be the KEY in lowering premiums and making healthcare more affordable.
If you really cared about your Kentuckian you would help save Obamacare so they can stay on it
Push for your state legislators to stop punishing personal freedoms and legalize marijuana while your at it...
Get stoned Rand then you will know what you are talking about. Until then pack your bags you will be leaving our government.
Great way to diversify from coal eh *hint* *hint*
I knew @RandPaul was all about that dang #hippielettuce
But hemp makes people schizophrenic and then they jump out of buildings like in that movie Reefer Madness. Thank God for Jeff Sessions!
Please get in the President's ear about this. Instant reelection in 2020, and that's the least of the benefits.
Stop the bullshit hearings and do something for the average working person, less days off/ vacations/ breaks we don't get then why do you!
Is poppy next?
U aware of the uses of hemp? From your comment, don't think so.
Thank you for your strong leadership. Please push Trump's agenda-GOP will lose if they don't support Trump
how is it you can be so lucid on some issues yet so crazy on others?
 PLEASE tweet about the alleged AWAN Pakistani spy ring with Wassermanschulz in Congress with tampered blackberries! GeorgeWebb reported.
Thank you sir!
Rand U rock!
Ok I'm down for this!
As a Ky RN, medicinal uses would also benefit the growing heroin epidemic...
The "Even a broken clock is right twice a day" saying comes to mind.
I'm with you Rand
Pleaese decriminalize and tax. Would go a long in tax and healthcare reform
And Decriminalization of Medical Cannabis
Cloths. Makes Grate cloths and Gas.All this was made against the law by the government because of its benefits Thank you Rand Paul God Bless
Well that's a good thing for farmers to grow hemp for Paper. Oil. And all kinds of things. Oil for lamps and all
@IndivisibleNKY4 @Indivisible_KY3 See Rand, this is the REAL reason why you're feigned attempt at outrage over Sessions War on Drugs #SHAME
Don't stop with hemp, you know that complete deregulation of Cannabis is needed ASAP, helps PTSD, seizures & reducing opiate addiction
Rand is about that life
Do you have a bill which we can support? Let's do this!
Que the once a month announcement where Rand pretends he's not a Republican.
Tweet bullshit like that after voting for Jeff sessions what the fuck
#Hemp should be regulated just like alcohol, in the US. The medical & commercial benefits are varied & very beneficial. Time to understand.
Medical & mental needs for this  legalization are imperative. As a cancer survivor it helped me immensely during Chemo & radiation.
What's going on with HR 1227 by @TulsiPress sir. That would help ALL Americans, not just KY.
LOL there are those libertarian roots showing through.
Hemp - renewable, sustainable. Fuel, clothing, rope, medicine and many more things, can be made from hemp. Big pharm and big Oil don't want
how about decriminalizing it all together?  Prohibition does nothing but create criminals where there are none
We are almost at critical mass with legal states. Don't see Feds leading the way.
That's great. Now, how's the Russia investigation going?
But the coal industry!
 great work @RandPaul
Why stop there then? Legalize Opium and coca then
The Drug War won't end that easily!
End Prohibition.
Talk to your homeboy Jeff Sessions.
Look through his timeline, he's been pretty tough on him.
Did he vote to confirm him?
Yes he did.
