Also currently working with the President to finalize better replacement with cross state purchase of inexpensive insurance. Coming soon!
That option is not on the table. Senator Paul, it is time to sign this bill and fight another day. #egocheck for now
Senator ego.
If healthcare is a must, why not fund it with a sin tax on pro sports ,entertainment and fast/junk food that are causing the health crisis ?
The states can kill since you corrupt senators won't. How much did them Dems give u this round
So, where's your plan? You've had 8 years.
https://www.paul.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/ObamacareReplacementActSections.pdf …
Since it obviously went nowhere, he doesn't have a plan that effectively helps Americans.
Clearly you've had too much madrummy! Put the bottle dwn & inform ur self. #GrahamCassidyBill isn't going anywhere
He's shaking his head.
U WILL NOT get what u want at this point! Take what u can get 4 us NOW. Vote FOR it. UR thr 4 ALL of us, not just U! Work 4 bttr later.
In all fairness, senator, do you even have a clue what people go through with Obamacare?  Don't taxpayers pay for yours ?
Well repeal it so we have to replace it!
Agree
Rand Paul is a friend of mine but he is such a negative force when it comes to fixing healthcare. Graham-Cassidy Bill is GREAT! Ends Ocare!
#justrepeal @SpeakerRyan @TGowdySC @realDonaldTrump @RandPaul
At least it will not be in the hands of the government. It will enable you to fight for change in KY. Eliminate state lines for insurance!
what could possibly go wrong with a policy based in Miss. covering someone in CA? INSURERS hate this idea...why do you like it?
Baby steps. Get what you can when you can. When @RandPaul comes up with a plan guaranteed to get 60 votes we will have a permanent fix.#MAGA
Maybe Sen McConnell should institute the nuclear option. 51 votes.  Harry Reid did it
.@SenSchumer laughing at #Senate #Republicans. 60 vote #filibuster rule stops promised legislation. Keep it & lose. Change & elect more @GOP
. DO SOMETHING!!!!  NOW!!!  GET RID OF SUBSTANDARD PRESENT HEALTHCARE!!!!  Before it bankrupts middle class !!!!!!
@cadelgado7
what is truly wrong with it please tell me
If this bill passes, it is what you're stuck with until the Dems return. The Republicans will declare victory and never revisit the issue.
Hmm..the ONLY good thing about ACA was coverage of preexisting conditions. GOP removed that? Total fail. Worthless Rino's.Rand has the idea.
Can we work to expose corrupt mccain and his roll getting dossier to Comey to start fake Russia investigation? Run him out of senate
You do that...
You are unable to pass what you want. So get what you can !!!! What you do won't get you re-elected. We the people will get you out
You will never have the votes for repeal. We were lied to for 6 years and if the @SenateGOP don't get something then you'll answer to Chuck.
Most of you guys are too misinformed to understand congress does WHATEVER THE HELL THEY WANT. They can lift Obama's tax, THEY MAKE THE LAWS.
When are they going to do what they promised? After our premiums reach $2,000 a month?
Thank God for @RandPaul #KeepFighting
I prefer to have this approved than nothing at all. Repealing at this point seems unattainable. Republicans had 7 yrs. To come up w a fix
Repeal completely, Socialized medicine does not work. 
I live on Socialized Medicine through the VA. It doesn't work.
I come from 2 socialist countries and I agree socialized ANYTHING doesn't work but at this point repeal WILL NOT HAPPEN
Seriously ? You are aware sir there are real Americans who have no healthcare are waiting for 7 years for you to shit or get off the pot ?
Why should you have to pay for my healthcare?
Right on, Senator. NO BIG INSURANCE BIG GOVERNMENT. NO BERNIE FREE STUFF!
YES! to that Rand Paul backed Executive Order today.
Medicare for ALL == Socialism == Piss Poor care You think ACA is bad, Medicare for all will be worse.
Vote YES Senator!!  We all hear you and appreciate your view, but it's time to get onboard.  Americans are suffering.  Give them relief!!
While stripping poor seniors and those with preexisting conditions of any coverage at all. #StopGrahamCassidy
Don't believe the lies.
You are believing the lies that Graham Cassidy says.

I am wondering exactly what @RandPaul Rand brings to the table. Not 2 b rude, but he only complains n obstruct. No real solutions.
That isn't accurate. He has written and proposed exactly what he argues is necessary.
I guess my biggest deal with Paul is that I have listened to him every time & read his bill but I am not sure why but it is not accepted.
Can't be just big money lobbyists surely. I might be missing something but I do know that Obama care has driven my ins. To 3000 a month!
Ok
You guys have had seven years to come up with a replacement for obamacare.
So what is it? Where is it?
That will never happen. (Murkowski, Collins, McCain, etc.)

GC is at good as it gets.

Don't let best be enemy of good enough.
It's far from good enough.
How about single payer? Is that good enough? Because that's what you'll get if you leave Ocare in place for much longer.
And that's fine, but to win the game you have to start moving the football sometime.
This moves the football backwards
The ball has to move to get the play started. You're not going to get all you want all at once, get the game started instead of stalling.
Thirsty people just want a drop of water. Just a drop for now.
This is only the FIRST step. In order to fix the world you have to open your door and step into it. Are you scared?
Thank you Rand for not allowing them to Win just for Winning! Just Say No to Graham and Dr Death!
And what's your proposal like to replace it??
Stop Obstructing it's better than Obamacare vote YES
You said the "P" word. You can't be serious. We have an idiot at the helm, bought by Putin. U know that! 2018 can't get here fast enough.
Senator, If you eliminate the Congressional gold health plan enjoyed at our expense & have them under R crappy plan, things would get done!
One down. Repeal is what we want
I am reading what what iI think I am!!3 holdouts, YouAlaskaMcCain.  Alaska 48% more, is sell- outMcCain?.Now U, ambiguousSis.is dead
You can't keep us all suffering waiting till it just what Rand Paul wants. We are suffering monthly under ocare. Start here n work on it.
Please kill this bill, so congress can finally quit trying to kill people.
GCTrumpcare is Ayn Rand Philosophy--Let's get serious about H/c in US #1-temp fix O'care #2-Pass Berniecare (aka M4All)
It's a start. No one gets everything they compromise which is what a committee aka congress does . Better to have partial repeal than none
Gee whiz already? We don't have the luxury of time. Our lives aren't budgeted election to election  Tick Tock
Quit trying to repeal it and just FIX IT!
Shut up and vote for it.  It can be worked on later.  They will listen to you when socialized medicine is not imminent!
Shut up ang go home! You are a swamp rat that only play ball if it’s your way! A total disgrace! You are not for the people only yourself
Removes mandate shifts to a state by state model, better than current.  Full repeal ship has sailed.  No vote becomes easy campaign material
You need to be president.
and you will fail b/c u will never get 60 votes. geez what a schuck. Pass @SenateGOP then work on repeal of graham cassidy if u must.
Get this done now and work on real repeal once Senate has a super majority in 2018. We need to make progress where ever there's a chance.
http://www.weeklystandard.com/rand-pauls-epic-obamacare-flip-flop/article/2009743 …
Rand Paul is a hypocrite!
So this means you're going to vote NO on #GrahamCassidyBill?  It's the right thing for you to do. I hope your repeal efforts fail, as well.
The confusion about Graham-Cassidy is that its not just "half glass full," it contains NEW bailout provisions. we must demand removal.
The Federal Government has no business in this. Which enumerated power in the Constitution has been given to government? Hint: zero
In the immortal words of Bob Wiley "baby steps"  Healthcare was destroyed in a day, it won't be rebuilt in a day. Come one Rand. 1st step
8 years of promises and when it is time to step up everyone in senate failed us including you!!!!
YOU CANNOT REPEAL OBAMACARE TILL YOU GET 60 CONSERVATIVES IN CONGRESS SO IF YOU DON'T VOTE FOR GRAHAM CASSIDY WE WILL HAVE O"CARE TILL 2019
sorry for the caps but I am so pissed off at YOU. If we keep Obamacare till 2019 so many millions of people will SUFFER cause of O"CARE
Come on Rand work it out throw us a bone in the Middle class. Its not perfect but it better than Ocare
After 7 years of republicans shouting from the mountain tops they would repeal Obamacare, why would we settle for anything less? #Repeal
Being realistic.No way republicans w/several rino's would ever get a repeal. Bunch of useless elite spineless parasites lining their pocket
Repeal & stop, senator. Not repeal & replace.
Vote 4 the bill.Just like Constitution wasVotedOnWithSlaveryIntactedHad amendProcess2correctWrongs.U will be reason for even higher costs
Don't let the perfect get in the way of the good. We need ObamaCare ended NOW, not LATER. Vote for #GrahamCassidy.
Good deal!
You're wrong. Get it done and get it done now!
Can you not get in line with fellow Republicans? Please for the sake of our party?
Please, senator, Do not "let the perfect be the enemy of the good".
Thank you sir.  @SenateMajLdr @tedcruz
Senator, Will the replacement be any better than the first go around? Or will my premium continue to rise until the real fix?
I don't want to be rude. Just tired of promises of a fix and then nothing even close to what is promised
Thank you
Lies lies more lies more lies more lies more lies more lies more lies more lies more lies more lies more lies more lies more
If you both get your way the country will have death lotteries.
Allowing participation across states for large pool is common sense, spreading the risk reduces cost best thinking of the GOP
And replace it with what?
How will you get get 8 democrats to vote for real repeal?
You were for the skinny bill but not for this? Please tell us why..
Can we not do this and then work on doing more. Selling across state lines co ops, catastrophic ins. Etc.
Love your ideas for Healthcare.  We're self employed and suffered due to Obama care. Keep fighting but please end OC for good! #freemarket
#COMPROMISE
Does Trump think any kind of repeal is keeping the promise?
So you’re voting no, right?? Tell McConnell we need to solve this in a bipartisan process, not a rushed Hail Mary effort.
Thank you Senator for your true conservative support. Never surrender to the tax and spend Rhinos and other Democratics.
Vote YES on this bill! Or you will be no better than John McCain. We have to compromise to remove the mandates!!
Thank you. But it needs to be ripped apart. I'm not going to pay $1500/mo. $7500/pp deduct. It's illegal to force me too with penalty.
And I have always bought my own until this year.
You KNOW congress does not act on free market principles - especially Republicans. Get on b
It gets rid of hated individual mandate. Better than nothing. We have had enough tax money taken with this hideous legislation.
WHO DO OR SHOULD WE BELIEVE??  THIS IS SO CONFUSING!
Please help us make this first step and avoid further embarrassment re: impotence of the system.
And replace it with WHAT!!
Is there a way to work a different angle using the power of the pen? That will maybe give time to prove/teach the public & drain the swamp?
Although I agree with you this is bs, I don't think this will be a closer step to socialized medince than we are right now.
The president even said you suck! So go suck an egg!
.@RandPaul  DREAM ON @POTUS has come out strongly for #GrahamCassidy  Your no vote will give you only legacy as savior of #Obamacare  #SAD
Your determination to throw people by the wayside is appalling. Unless, you have a better plan? Do you?
#fullRepeal is the only good solution.
@POTUS we want repeal sir
I respect you very much. But sometimes you have to compromise to get to a better result and not stay in a stalemate!
Rand's plan is really the best. Think !
Keep. Trying. We love your plan.
Why don't you give us a few examples how the new plan is like OC?
Why can't you vote for it then work to modify it later? You must be confident with your re-election in 2018 for you to continue to fight it!
I like u alot but why can't we pass this, then after 2018 when we take control of Senate, repeal it. No chance of winning Sen wo something.
Work WITH HIM!!!!!!   Stop the Games!!!
And the president loves to work with you.
Sadly u and Trump can't win over Collins, McCain, Murkowski....
REPEAL!!  SEND IT BACK TO STATES!  Across state lines.
Never gonna happen. Too many cowards in GOP. We need to take what we can get ...or get absolutely nothing. #reality
I am with you Rand . Anything that has Graham's name on it is Liberal to the max !!!!! Graham is pathetic.
We were promised repeal!! Keep fighting for us!!
The president is asking for your support to end this Obama care nightmare...do it.
Yeah you are just as dumb.
Get rid of ACA now!
one small correction tho: "#scamnesty for obdidntcare"

but i dig you man cuz you
oh and one more reminder: i am so with you on #repealNOreplace. Please tell me Mr. Trump don't want to fight cuz hey bring it
PLEASE HURRY UP WE THE PEOPLE WANT THIS DONE.  We want OBAMA care gone with OBAMA!!!
Sen. Paul, I certainly respect your position but you have to know given the current reality, this is as good as it's going to get.
Keep fighting for the people.
Time 4 STRAIGHT #REPEAL
Get Gov't out of #Healthcare=legislate #Healthcare companies must b portabiity for self employed or make grp 4
The art of compromise, Rand. If both sides keep having hard heads Congress will never get anything done.
Your proposal is ? Cost of healthcare increases exponentially causing familys to go bankrupt.
@RandPaul Last chance to stop single payer in America!Please support #GrahamCassidy @lisamurkowski @SenJohnMcCain @dougducey @SenateGOP
You have to someplace
Mr. Paul my premiums are through the roof, my husband pays the god awful fines this year will be 1500 please we are food servers - help
Unless it is UR way it is the wrong way! Sick of U! Sick of McCain too
Huge trump supporter here and you are right on this.  Keep it up.  And also....not a single person should get amnesty
One of the very few in Washington that I trust
Don't blow it again. Your NO vote means Obamacare here to stay. It is in YOUR back if this bill fails. COMPROMISE!!!
#rapgod
You're running out of time. You need to work smarter, lo ger, faster. Please.
Longer ... where'd my n go?
I'm with you Rand!
If GOP had any brains they'd stop feeding us shitty bills and just repeal
Different name, shame shit- politics as usual, right?
Do something @RandPaul you have 7.5 years. At this point it's YOU
perfect is the enemy of good. think about it.
stop your insane cruelty! what is wrong with you people? f'n ins co are wolves! Aetna made $168B ladt year thats M U R D E R!
You are doing everything you can to keep Obamacare in place so you can pretend to oppose it and be re-elected on a dead issue. Stop already.
Tilt at windmills and command the ocean tides to recede while your at it
Please just repeal it & DO NOT REPLACE IT I do not need politicians telling me which healthcare to buy just because some are not responsible
Obamacare is a big elephant.GrahamCassidy is a start to collapsing http://it.Vote  yes it's a start to repealing Ocare.RT#Voteyes
Just get behind this so he can sign something for heaven's sake!
u s/b pres... primary lyin fraud #realdonaldtrump
Please make a start, momentum will follow. You can work on it in parts; a, b, c.... Just start the ball rolling. @EvilEsq
You and @GOP had your chance and you failed even with enough numbers. What were you doing for last 7 years? Collecting a check isn't enough.
Good idea
#FullRepeal!!
I agree!  Get Feds OUT of healthcare! PERIOD!
I hope you can leverage ERISA!  If not please vote "YES" taking a partial victory instead of a total loss. #MAGACoalition
If you vote no to this bill, you will be successfully committing political suicide.
Love Ya, Rand.  However you need to work from a standpoint of what is real & achievable while also seeking the best.
Make sure your repeal is one that includes all people- especially women- & doesn't discriminate against econ class. #healthcareisahumanright
This bill would be a great start Sen!
Love that you are a man of your convictions Senator Paul, but we are out of time and you need to vote Yes. It's a start tweak it later
When will we be repealing your healthcare. The American people shouldn't be forced to pay for the Senates healthcare #GrahamCassidyِ
Maybe you need to be repealed & replaced...try accomplishing something for a change #DoYourJob
I really respect you & believe this plan should have been ready to go after 8 years.... but a compromise has to be made at times....
Fix it then and get this done, please don't let this continue!! OBCARE is hurting families and businesses and we want it repealed now!!
You haven’t done anything at all to try and repeal and replace Obamacare except criticize all GOP health care
Plans
Trump wants anything to get Obama name off it. Just changed the name with no Obama mention and POTUS is haply5
WAKE UP... it will never get fully repealed.  U r doing a diservice to KY and the American people as your position is UNATTAINABLE.
Better than nothing done
Shut and sign make it better later. Stop holding up #uhavenoidead
But in the meantime vote us out of Obamacare
THAT IS WHAT WE WANT.... FULL REPEAL!!!
