hum, Susan rice, Loretta Lynch, Debbie Wasserman Schultz, James Comey, all keep popping up and in amazingly close nit stories
what do you think the special council and the grand jury are for.
#Clinton it has to be bc trump was never
Under investigation no one knows who is.
do know that James Comey under oath at hearings said specifically that Donald Trump was NOT being investigated.
I really have faith in our system and all the actors that had Russian involvement looks more there way.
We know hiliary did involving uranium but as for anyone else? I am outraged in how they are treating Flynn. 
Will there EVER come a day when ppl who break the law in Obamas former admin receive consequences OR can we expect fruitless investigations?
I'm sure not going hold my breath. #MAGA
All the senate does is fucking investigate. Nothing ever comes of it. The elite WALK while we the peasants have to abide by every law.
metabot translation: I've bought the idea that I'm helpless because that's what the propaganda machines want me to think.
Good Morning, MetaDumbass.
good morning, Traitor.
You obviously haven't a clue about the definition of what a traitor is. But when you look in the mirror, you'll see one.
LOL. whatever newb.
Heard that one before, Dems above the Law, but Trumps taxes, wow, let's look at those, talk to his tenants in Trump Tower, no crime
Nice. Take those traitors down.
They were spying on you too.
it's like these reports that include spying, lying, cover ups, scandals, corruption, even smashed lap tops, stolen $$. Hum, 
They get away with murder. Literally. What happened to Seth Rich.
could it be that a Russian story was hatched in order to deflect attention away from the real story? Have we been duped?
So, @RandPaul does not believe the 3 branches of government should be co-equal. He doesn’t believe that politicians should be subject to oversight. Unless the are democrats, then he supports years of hearings, accusations, a whole TV station devoted to conspiracy theories.
Sadly YOU and your crony friends in @SenateGOP have DONE ABSOLUTELY NOTHING to STOP this insanity-just as much part of problem! @GOP = LIARS
Why don't you all go and rebuild our country! Forget who did who said who cares!
Thank God she was doing her job and following her oath to the Constitution and the people of the United States.  Good Job Susan!
My gosh, you are such a fool!
Senator Paul is not a fool. You, on the other hand are dumber than a box of rocks. I'm insulting the rocks.
Amazing, I'm watching this House of Cards crumble around the Republican party. How deep does this rabbit hole go into Congress?
The Obama admin. most corrupt in our history. Benghazi, IRS, gun running, Iran deal, money(Gold & currency) to Iran, red line, lying Rice
That’s a laugh 
A direct quote from the article states "Rice's unmasking requests were likely within the law."  No smoking gun just more GOP BS.
Yeah and Hillary was inmocent.
Everyone is innocent until proven guilty in the USA, remember? Where are your fact checkable references for your allegation?
I live to debate inside Washington political fanatics because none live in the real life. I will take on anyone in a debate.
GET EM RAND!
#PrisonforRice
Read the article, it was legal.
They don't read.
Or can't.
Are we calling 4her arrest?This illegal surveillance against @POTUS &His team is not only a crime against them it's a crime against America!
Did you even read the article?? We were monitoring Russian spies & who they met with. She requested names of Americans. They were Trumpkins.
they were monitoring Russians and Trump got caught in it. What did Trump promise you Rand for this?
The only thing trump is giving rand is the sour aftertaste of bronzer.
Oh Rand. Get a grip dude.
She lied about what happened in Benghazi & blamed a video! Why not believe @RandPaul about this!! #ShesNotTrustworthy
Please call her to the Hill to testify under oath.  America supports you Senator!
Trump campaign has multiple people communicating with Russia and the national security advisor's wrong for probe??? http://GGA100.com 
@DesignerDeb3 @EliLakeThank you @RandPaul for speaking out &having the @potus back. Much more respect for u than Ryan. #integrity
Because he's trumps new girlfriend, there's a price for everything
So it wrong to gather info on the American people without their knowledge? Interesting concept #Internetprivacy
Listen Ayn Rand Paul, she was doing her job. More than I can say for what YOU'VE been doing in office. Know the law before you tweet this bs
Talk about that during your golf game over the weekend??
Funny how you hopped on the "Obama Wiretap" train *after* you had a golf outing with Drumpf. One more $ellout lacky in hi$ pocket.
wrong, you basically have a water pistol
She did nothing wrong. Do you have a problem with USA intelligence community going after spies and traitors? Whose side are you on. #Treason
You should be ashamed for posting this misinformation,  Senator.
Pathetic!
#LockHerUp
She should be forced to testify.
Is any1 upset that taxpayers who can't afford private college have 2 pay tax 4 them or $700,000 4 unsatfctry study of  1st comments on moon
Unmasking legal, done often, and done legitimately... more the question why were Trump ppl caught in the dragnet of Russian surveillance?
Smoke n mirrors
@foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse guess that's why HRC felt empowered to fire off this disturbing warning
And George Soros was her biggest donor.  A man who admits that wants to rule the world!  He's worse than any Trumop donor she could "dig up"
2. The NSA 2 get permission Her job was 2 see what interference was going on regarding new sanctions passed. U have become lackey of WH

Senator Paul- your tweet is irresponsible and you know better. Very UnAmerican
by doubling down on Tchumps diversions, consider yourself an accessory.
Snap, Crackle & Pop - BOOM! Trump gets it right AGAIN!
She was the sitting National Security Advisor. She was doing her job to protect America from people like you and Trump. You are a SELLOUT
Man!  I thought you at least had a modicum of intellectual integrity offsetting all your insufferable smugness.  But no more.
You should delete this tweet
I see you have checked yourself into Hotel LooneyBin. Enjoy your stay.
Sounds like your weekend went as planned -at least for Trump. Your job is to represent your constituents. #WeWillRemember
Fake news!
Why does the media have to discover all this stuff... what are we paying #Congress for?
Fuck Rand Paul, republican nonsense. Lets talk about Trump and his bullshit policy and not worry about someone who is no longer the POTUS
Sen./Dr. Rand Paul is one of the few GOP who puts good policy as more important than Trump.  I never backed DT but I would have backed Paul.
Senator is in the clown car. Why are Trumpites talking with Russians that are under surveillance? Be a patriot and not a sap.
I thought you were smart!  Oh,  you are.  Just intellectually dishonest!  Seems like so many of you think it's ok to  be  #Trumputicans.
That is what happens when you are wrong, when you see what you want, and you wish on a shiny penny, but no the facts stand.
I guess Rand got the call from Koch Bros to go along with it.  Talk about a cuck!
LOVE to see @RandPaul siding w/@realDonaldTrump. If it doesn't come out in the wash, it will come out in the rinse. Arrest warrants 4 Obama
How much was in the briefcase trump gave you over the weekend, rand?
u DO realize not all Americans r as dumb as donald bots right? Probably not huh? I mean u DID wanna debate The Civil Rights Act..
What did pres obama know?
No, sorry, it's called "doing her job." I know you and the rest of the GOP have no clue what that means though.  #sad
@FBI Go get her!
And now you are a shill for Trump.  Remember all the nasty things he said about You? "Spoiled brat without a properly functioning brain"
Context, Senator:
@EliLake Not one thing illegal or out of the ordinary  for NSA Advisor. Don't be a liar like Trump.
#russiagate
2. Stop distracting from the abhorring jobs of your incompetent party leaders and fake potus Trump.
Perhaps HUSSAIN was sneaking into the rice patty on occasions?
This is misleading and destabilizing... how do you people sleep at night?
So the WH is trying to make a case out of what one person might have said. C'mon, deflect
How was your golf game with Trump yesterday? You two fellas chat about anything in particular?
# needs to be investigated
OMG!  How about "it appears", NOT it IS..and get to the bottom of it with invs. & hearings & PROOF   Reprehensible Rand
Why not ask your pal Trump to release the intel documents he is upset about? Let America see what the foreign targets were talking about.
...Really Senator! You know well that Ms. Rice has nothing to do with leaked info, yet you're parroting a line with no credence...
...you are also undermining the intel community. And you look very small with this accusation. Since you are so concerned senator, why...
...don't you ask the intel agencies about the leaker? By the way, what about collusion with Russia? Are you interested to know the truth?...
...or you do not care because it is party over country! Well, you said it on national tv that " Repubs should not investigate Repubs"...
Play golf with Master Trump & this is what you get. Reps are still salivating over Benghazi. Golf anyone?
Liar. Facts matter.
Sir, did @realDonaldTrump make you his puppet before or after you decided to place country second?
@realDonaldTrump WHEN WILL SHE BE TAKEN INTO CUSTODY ALONG WITH OBAMA AND HILLIARY CLINTON AND HUMA ABERDEEN AND LORETTA LYNCH AND COMEY
Oh @RandPaul one golf game & you buy right in, sad!
@ABC @cnnbrk @CBNNews  Why aren't we seeing this news story on ABC, CNN, CBS?  Give Americans all the news. What has made us America. Truth.
Can't wait to see her and her boss in pri9
Your dream of having government out of providing health insurance can not possibly be worth your dignity and self respect.
You're a sellout
Do you think before you speak are you guys on drugs????
What's wrong w/you? Seriously what's wrong w/you? This isn't news it's Russia's interference in election. Just once put people over party
Get over it!!! She was just doing her job!
Sen Paul, are you engaging in Fake News too?  You sure dive deep on short notice. Being the butt of a few DJT jokes is just politics, right?
One round of golf and you hop on board the Distraction Express? Wow, you're a cheap date, brother.
Rand would knife his own Grandmother if it got him 5 minutes on Faux Boobs!
You fall for this bs? Must have been a great golf game he treated you to.
Do you really want to hang your credibility on our Russian stooge president? #VoteThemOut
Is this something your Aqua Buddha told you? <- google it tweeps
She can only REQUEST unmasking U.S. persons.  The fact that the requests were honored means TRUMP, ET AL WERE DISCUSSING CRIMINAL ACTS..
Your as big an idiot as Trump! Rice was doing her job as NSA! Yes let's ask her who was talking to FOREIGN agents in the T team!
It literally states:
You all need to indict her!!!
The only smoking gun is the one Trump/GOP/Nunes is LYING to Americans about. But we've caught on to the SMOKE & MIRRORS. WON'T FOOL US AGAIN
I'm concerned they put U thru a Stepford wives type machine on the golf course. What happened to focusing on getting things done?
So much evidence and the left are still in hot denial . Now that I find worrying .obamas admin  are like a fungus. corruption is rife
did you read your article?
Come on Senator. Dont Embarrass yourself like that...
@StevePieczenik where are the rest of Rand's colleagues on this? Curiously silent. They need to stand up and speak out about it!
So I suppose if the author of the Pizzagate fantasy tells us something stupid about YOU, we should spread it as if it has merit.
She must be a "Russian"
Isn't a little shocking that a senator does not know how Intel data collection works? I find that troubling.
I also find it troubling that RandPaul has the brain of a turnip.
These "surveillance" laws need to be changed now. It's outrageous. What happened to the 4th amendment? #dontspyonme
Watergate all over again. So who is the real criminal here? All Liberals, because their main agenda is destruction of the constitution.
Yet nothing will happen . They always walk free. No matter what they do.
Make sure she's under oath so #SusanRice doesn't play fast&loose w/the truth. I'd like2know who else she unmasked& if she knows who else did
Distraction...and you enabled Conman-in-Chief's reckless scamming of American taxpayers this weekend. GOP = Party Over Country
You're gonna get tendinitis from desperately grasping at straws like this. 

"The worst of all deceptions is self-deception." - Plato
Shame on you, Rand Paul. You've been bought, huh?
Make your mark in #history, keep going, keep fighting against these (#D) #spies including #BHO!
Didn't read the article?  "... Rice's unmasking requests were likely within the law." So Trump still claimed illegal wiretap.
What are u going to do when Trump goes down?  How will u explain turning your head while he destroys the country?  No excuse is good enough.
Wow @RandPaulist be about to move into a sweet position in wh cabinet... Fanning hard the flames of lies & propaganda
Please don't let her weasel her way out of this. Hold her feet to the fire.
No it isn't, Rice was DOING HER JOB, Why don't you do the same your constituents would appreciate it.
Hope the same laws apply to us all.    I don't want some being "more equal" than others.   Rice must testify ASAP.  Follow the trail.
One round of golf? That's all it takes?
The only thing "smoking" is you. What did Trump slip you on that golf course?
Guilty.
Plz go after her & the others that were in cohoots with her.
The Politibears want to when you are going to issue suppenas? Please drag her in and NO IMMUNITY!  Let us go grizzly on her first.
Rand Paul such a hypocrite.  Go play another round of golf with your new BFF.  Seems that's what this administration does best.
Just how far did you crawl up @realDonaldTrump ass @ #MaraLago ?  Who paid for that trip btw? #draintheswamp
Bullshit. #alternativefacts are reaching new levels here.
This is so obviously transparent please stop.
If true, the NatSec head needed to know who the Russians were talking about! So shocking! Rand Paul pushes Chump propaganda is the story.
Did we read the same article?

You just did the work for the Russian bots.  Good job comrade.
Oh please!So what if anyone did spy?Based on the 󾓬 ties so far,there must've been a reason to be concerned.It's called being a good patriot󾓦
The @GOP just can't stop spewing #alternativefacts about #TrumpRussiaCollusion
On her own?
Time 2 rally the TRUMP BASE 4  takedown of the #lyingLibs & those responsible 4 #MSMcorruption & infiltration of #obama thugs in regards DOJ
@SenRandPauI R U another RUSSIAN SPY ??
@CIA @FBI #ImpeachTrumpNOW
#TrumpRussia
#StolenElection
@maddow @JoyAnnReid @colbertlateshow @MSNBC
Hush, Frodo Baggins!
weren't you golfing w Trump this weekend to talk over your crappy health care bill. Trump is the felon, don't fall for his crap.
Oh suck it. 
throw her and obummer brotherhood thugs in the slammer....obummer CANCER!
what did Don the Con promise u! Seems anyone can be bought in this sham of a government and presidency. U r a disgrace#russiagate
@Veteran4Trump lock her up get to the bottom of this thing in this she's guilty and broken the law lock her up
WRONG!  We have enough probs w #fakenews wo a senator spreading more. You have a respon to USA to speak the truth. Ur a Sen. Act like one.
SHAME on you falling into Trump follower. How was golfing?  Must have worked for him , you'll lose your Senate seat .
THOUGHT I HAD A LITTLE RESPECT FOR YOU. WRONG!!!
RAND Paul will say or do anything for a single coal job.  ANYTHING
You golfed with him over weekend and now you believe everything?  You sold out too. Just like Cruz.
Ms Rice did her JOB, Rand. YOU need to find a new one, yourself.
#TheResistance  #nastywomen #Indivisible #resist
come on! thought you are smarter than the average Joe O P
Yep and did it legally too! That's what her job is...to watch criminals. You're quite right she probably is the smoking gun we r waiting 4!
Remember when @POTUS said you don't even belong on stage cause ur so pathetic? I do! Can't believe you're playing his game...weak!
The evidence had to smack u in the face! Now do something about it!!!!

So. Full. Of. Shit. You are a #Fascist Collaborator.
#TrumpPence4Leavenworth #TraitorTrump #ImpeachTrump
Amer ppl aren't stupid,Russia didn't interfere w/election,this was a set up & fake story to try & discredit Trump. The CIA,FBI were in on it
You have lost your mind and all your credibility. Get help before you ruin your entire career.
Mr Paul, to those of us who are informed and prepared to resist, this just makes you look foolish.
Not surprised at your diversionary tactics. You already admitted Trump Treason is secondary to pushing your agenda. Fucking shameful.
#SusanRice
did you read the article? It says she was just doing her job. You sir, are the smoking gun. And Trump is behind your smokescreen
First rule of WN: create narrative of victimhood.
So Trumps right he was spied on And Dems resort back to fake news Russia!? Over 1 year of spying and still zero Russia evidence#liberalslie
I know, its all an amateur movie's fault.  Nothing going on here.  We are just acting.  We act all the time.  When we are interviewed we act
Bet he's been working hard on it, too.
Uhh, I mnt what I wrote. Seriously?
@YoungDems4Trump
Seems to me Senator Paul is confused when it comes to the definition of spying.
Why are you perpetuating lies and ignoring the travesty before you? Please step back and weigh the Q, how close is DJT to Russians?
This article doesn't say that she has done anything illegal. You might want to read it first before posting it. Maybe that's too late now...
What a crock of crap! U & Lindsey Graham need to come out from under the spell U somehow fell under during golf w/the ILLEGITIMATE DICTATOR!
. Sad to see you drank the Trump Kool Aid.  Smoking gun my ass.  Didn't kniw you were as inane as Trump
#ObamaGate is about to blow wide open. #SusanRice is the tip of the iceberg on the Obama WH using surveillance against political opponents
Rand: Hold my phone while I make this putt.
Donny Boy: Tweet tweet.
Did you coordinate that on your golfing date???
Just add her name to the swamp creatures Politicians, Bureaucrats,civil servents & the Chicago crime family  Alinsky & Ayers kids. THINK
how was the golf?  Sell out! #Russiagate #AmericaFirst #ImpeachTrump
Ah. Another disgusting liar and sell out. Very disappointed
Senator I am disappointed at your lack of understanding of how this material is handled, she couldn't do this clandestinely
this is what we have all been concerned about abuse of wiretap info by Govt she needs to be made example of. JAIL
Do you believe yourself at this point, Rand?
