.@RandPaul @CNN Quick question, Rand. If the ACA is so horrifying, why was nothing done to make it better all these years?
All these years? You mean the last 5-6 years Obamacare was forced down our throats by BHO and his dem buds? Lol. #EpicFail
.@bshallenberger Yeah, the last 5-6 years of your misery where the GOP held out for total repeal instead of FIXING ANYTHING. #dumbfuck
Obamacare is nox fixable. It was rushed through by the idiot BHO as his legacy. Never had a chance. GOP can now replace it.
It was not rushed through. They spent a year modeling it on the same existing GOP plan that became RomneyCare in MASS.
"they" couldn't even get the website to work! THEIR proposed plan has been changed over & over to avoid collapse. #EpicFail
That website should have been clean at roll-out, absolutely. They've not changed the plan over and over though.
Obama said you'd keep your doctor. Lie! That coverage & rates would not increase. Lie! Young people baled. #EpicFail
Rename it the Medicare For All Act and I will support you in this endeavor.
with a $20 trillion debt how would u propose we'd pay for such a thing?
Repealing gives $340Bil tax break to the top 2% and adds 3Tril to the debt..
The ACA cost $110 bil/yr and only gave discounts on crappy insurance. Medicare for all would be unattainable
You are ill informed.
There's no way to offer free healthcare without either voters paying higher premiums or taxes. Nobody wants either. #EpicFail
I prefer my tax dollars to go toward a better good, rather than the 2% Corporate pockets of thieves. #EpicAccountability
Then donate more money to charities to help the poor. There are TONS of them. https://www.want2donate.org/charity-faqs/what-are-the-top-10-charities-which-help-people-in-poverty …
He will. Just the first stop on the media tour. Not like the @TheDemocrats are watching Fox on Sunday.
finally.... Get it right
How about this...  If you repeal it, you MUST give up YOUR health care, paid for by us.  We have none...  you have none...
and it will be replaced
Good! Let's see what you have to offer.
Does your plan move this constitutional overstep back to the states where it belongs without any Federal strings attached?
ER up ticking. .Just happened. Broken humerus. $11,000 to govt. for couple x-rays & sling. Reported to Medicare. Deaf ears.
The ACA model works...GOP needs to negotiate ins premiums with competitive leverage between carriers. Doesn't need overhaul
Rand, please find a better, more honest, venue for the discussion.
GRAEAT!!!!! Good job Dr Paul!
It best not rely on HSAs, state lines, and block grants. Those are all bullshit ideas that do nothing for the poor.
Best thing for the poor is a good job that improves life.
No shit. Perhaps having health care while working on getting a good job or an education might help?
Forcing everyone to purchase a product just to give to others is wrong. There's a better way. Not mediocre HC.
Freeloaders gonna freeload I guess.
What do freeloaders have to do with health care? Is that what it's all about?
Absolutely. They stick the rest of us with med costs while praying to reach Medicare without contributing.
I guess we agree then. Socialized medicine kills by getting between Dr and patient. Free market multiple chose +!
dear mr Paul it's been 15 years and still more us troops are being sent to fight in Afghanistan it's 2017 these men and woman
deserve atleast one politician to champion for their cause and support them by demanding the troops be returned back home
please mr Paul speak up for these marines and soldiers in Afghanistan
Your plan better include pre-existing or it will not pass the muster for the majority of people!
Bated breath.
@Flintlox @CNN Mandatory drug tests and proof of citizenship for all federal assistance.
Taking health care from children, veterans, and the poor is always admirable.  You are a coward, sir.
Obama supporter gonna talk about vets, how many have died waiting to be seen while Obama did nothing to fix
Oh, right Trump has all the answers. You may want to stop sniffing that glue you are using with your glitter
so, nothing about the dying vets under Obama? Just some dumb attempt to insult.. shocking!
You mean the 4.9% he raised the budget this year.  Again  https://www.va.gov/budget/products.asp …
yes because as history has shown us again and again, throwing money at a problem is the fix..
I would love to hear constructive ways to fix the problem.  But all the GOPs on the hill want to do is gloat
It is hard to speak to people that cant/wont see past party lines and that is the problem on BOTH sides
Way to go Dr. Paul. What did Obama say awhile ago? Elections have consequences! Boom
@andieiamwhoiam looks promising!
It must be something that will get bipartisan support.
ya pulled that one right out of air Rep' wouldn't play nice before to accomplish a plan, BUTT now you do
I wonder about YOU! possible RINO!
RINO is an undefined term used by elites to trick people that cannot elaborate their thoughts.

Why use it?
You mean there is no definition OK we will use this one Republican In Name Only!
I mean its a term used by people that aren't exactly sure what they are mad about.
Sen Paul you had a week... Where's the replacement for #ACA??
Let #WeThePeople have an adequate read prior to any passage. #Diligence strives to make most of #education. #Pragmatic too.
We don't need a dang replacement. Freedom to buy or not.
How many millions of Americans are going to lose access to healthcare when ACA is repealed?
did you care about the millions that lost their plans that Obama lied and said they could keep?
You mean when ppl with shell plans th would never cover the costs of a illness were required to get a real plan?
yeah that is just completely wrong. Seriously do some research and stop just believing everything you hear on CNN
Not wrong.  Underinsured was just as big a problem as uninsured per Obamacare.
yep because men were underinsured according to Obama, their plans didn't cover pregnancy, they do now YAY
You do realize you have a mother?  Insurance is affordable for all when costs are spread. #howthingswork
as some others have insurance. .  you know people are having difficulty affording this affordable health care right
Why would you ever discuss anything on CNN? Why!
Don't trust any Republicans with your healthcare!
trying to turn the whole world into Kentucky
Public option?!
over 15k "likes" in an hour and counting. Not bad ol chap, keep fighting the good fight. Much respect
Hey @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi The GOP does have a plan !  We knew they did despite your ridiculous talk to the contrary
But we don't want it replaced.  We want it GONE. #Obamacare
cool!!
keep up the good work
Coming next week: Millions of people with pre-existing conditions kicked off their insurance plans!
Good. How is it legitimate for them to be for forcefully  supported by somebody's work and wealth again?
You literally have no idea how insurance works, do you? This isn't even worth my time. Google it. Then come back. Educate yourself. Try.
You do know that Obama mandated insurance companies give people coverage with pre existing conditions which is not insurance
can i have a copy? Don't like for people to tell me what's going to do!
You know the ACA came from a conservative think tank
Does your plan completely eliminate the mandate? Govt should not compel the purchase of anything
So where can we read it?
...Remove the unconstitutional penalty tax from Obamacare or your new plan is garbage.
That's right STARVE @CNN
Let them die a slow death that they deserve and have earned.
Most of us watch Fox because we see it as our version of Comedy Central.
"New to Twitter" No shit guy.  Very insightful.
wtf is the "New to Twitter" shit lol  t's ok.  I get you hate the 1st Amendment Traitor
"New to Twitter" is your tag line in your profile. LOL.  Wake up guy. Love the 1st Amendment. Allows me to lecture Libtards.
Go to your safe place.  I'd invite you to mine, but I don't have bubble wrap. That's for bitches like you lol
I hope you are in your safe place sissy boy !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
with CNN?!  Really?!  R u keeping up with the demise of CNN as a reputable media outlet?
thank you senator for the first step on replacing the trash heap that is obamacare
They're literally calling it "The Obamacare Replacement Act"? What spoiled, stupid children
They're not. Look @ Paul's screencap of the first pg of the bill (although I bet the other pages are blank)
GoRand!Thanks for your hard work!
no one watches CNN anymore it's fake news
Hello! I was hoping to read the text for S.106, but it looks like the text hasn't been released. Any idea when it'll be available?
fake news !
That is fantastic!!! Kudos to YOU Sen. Paul
But...but...the GOP has no plan...
@StacyBrewer18 @CNN can't you discuss on @FoxNews no true @realDonaldTrump supporters watch #FakeNewsMedia CNN!
That's because Fox throws Prima Donald softballs and licks his boots. That's what he likes.
and that's what CNN did for hillary. .. not everyone on fox is pro Donald
Fox has sadly become in essence the Trump News Network @Zapp_Branigann
Juan, Sheppard, and Charles (Megyn no longer fox) are not pro Trump at all. They say fair and balanced. .
.. they may voice their own opinions. .But they tell news like it is(for most part)no other MSM did as such
Well said. If his proposed replacement offers anything positive, the left will explode with rage. Mark my words...
GoodLuck hope #truth gets on air. Hope your heading to @FoxNews @FoxBusiness to discuss. I no longer watch corrupt fake news
you must Ave missed fox condemning trumps outburst on calling can fake news
You might want to consider disputing a point w/your own research. Otherwise, you're just another wannabe troll.
We don't want your broke ass replacement, Randy.  We want you people to fix what you've spent 8 years breaking.
"read twice"...I thought that was for later?
be careful at CNN, theynlie and twist stuff shamefully
@Why are you wasting your time on the fake news network @CNN?! Nobody watches them, even when you are on them!
Why didn't GOP retool Bob Dole Health care when Obama rolled it out 8 years ago #worktogether #KeepTrumpincheck
Not everyone  is in your place. Maybe convince others to spend less on bombs and maybe then everyone could have affordable Jc
Hopefully the 3-party system is ended. No more insurance cos, just provider/patient!
No more codes!!
Causes our high costs!
hopefully u threw these back in there @realDonaldTrump
by the way HSA is not the answer! People don't have money, what about any of this do you people not understand !
FakeCNN will poo poo your replacement will wait till you discuss it where I will get it unfiltered
Good. Shame Dems ignored the many reforms offered by Rep's & public; drs, co's, states, med orgs, etc. Wld've created quality,affordable hc
I do not watch CNN. Wish you would do a segment on CSPAN...Washington Journal.
health insurance policy. So they won't know what's covered until they try to get healthcare. Just like before Obamacare.
i hope y'all read it first...
::::This is too enhance the pocket's of the wealthy...You will reap,
   what you sow.!
You've  got a bill #paulryan has a bill #trump is also going to replace the ACA on the 21st.  Sure!
What will be occurring with the the child to the age of 26 med coverage rule? thanks
care to share a link of your document for review?
@aduanebrown @CNN - Though i believe healthcare shouldn't be the government's job, I trust Rand to lead on gutting Obamacare
healthcare for all should be law in USA, if you can give money and help to other countries help our needy.
Why show CNN, fake news perveyors, will twist your bill contents to fit liberal agendas. Should use a more reliable outlet
Won't be watching CNN! I'll catch up on FOX! Thanks
@CraigRBrittain @CNN why the hell are you talking to fake news just for them to twist your words around
Sincere questions: How do you think the news works? What are the steps of a sensible journalistic process?
ask a sensable non-biased question and get an honest answer
never twist the answer to fit the networks political views
If your bill were to pass, you'd finally be able to prove the efficacy of your vision for the U.S.  Keep up the good work.
What is being debated on CNN is like doing it in the face of the wind.
BOOM
*HEADSHOT*
Good luck, Doctor!
Why can't #USAprovide for a free, comprehensive healthcare for all citizens? How good is your prop bill? Will it serve ppl?
what do u do about preexisting conditions and the donut hole ???
the irony of the Republican Healthcare replacement is that it was created by the insurance companies
why on the communist news network? Won't watch!
Wish you would have included link to full bill AND skip CNN, no need to give them ratings they truly don't deserve!
Ditto, I am self employed also and getting tired of the government created hemeroids that come with it.
You have now the Mercedes Benz of health insurance but expect the rest of us to be covered by the Hyundai version.
Obamacare doesn't work for my family but i have a friend who will be in big trouble without it
If "ObamaCare" is repealed, will tax returns that were withheld as fines for noncompliance be refunded?
we don't want a replacement just repeal it.
all we hear is the republicans don't have a plan. Then this. Thanks Dr. Paul!
Interested in hearing it.
why cnn?
Umm, how about a link to the whole Bill and not just a pic of the title page. P.S.  Thanks for voting No.
why #FAKENEWS network? Couldn't find a better place?
medicaid expansion & preexisting gone.u said O heart right. Richest nation in world condemning vulnerable.Wheres your heart?
https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.cnn.com/cnn/2017/01/04/politics/conservatives-repeal-and-replace-obamacare-bill/index.html …
I voted for Trump and listed to your speech.   No games on pre-existing conditions.  Get it right.
if you don't have everyone paying in the cost will be so high no can buy insurance
@BernieSanders Stop complaining, Bern. You had your chance.
Please hurry up with it... the libs are loosing their minds and spewing fear and hate all over fb & twitter!
#CNN #FakeNews!
Will "for other purposes" be specifically defined in the body of the bill?
@CraigRBrittain @CNN can someone explain this to me
I Just Can't Wait to See This Gem.
Where's it been for the last say....Oh, 8 years or so?
@YoungDems4Trump @CNN Why the hell CNN??? #CNNFakeNews
have DT tweet attack drug&insurance companies 2 drop stocks, negotiate 4 it 2B cheaper, slap the Trump name on it. There, fixed.
Good luck Rand!
sorry rand paul this will do nothing but raise the cost this is bill that the insurance companies want
Where can I read it?
.@RandPaul Thx! Couldn't watch @CNN b/c no cable. *Will your plan cover as many people at less cost than #ACA?* (Will fully read your bill.)
You people make ALL Republicans look like a pack of DEMONS. EVIL GREED for POWER & MONEY. SHAME on YOU ALL.
#SinglePayer! It's the only way to be fair, and it's the most economical. Spread the risk, increase the coverage!
SHIT FOR BRAINS: What if you don't make enough money for "tax credit"?
I thought we had to pass it to find out what is in it??
doesn't pay for everything. The average American doesn't have time to read or can understand the technical language in a
since people in your state uses ACA extensively. Will your plan get you re-elected?
You call this a bill? This is not healthcare! This is an insult to Americans, insult to the people of Kentucky. Shameful.
7 years it better be good not politician good but We The People Good #IMO
What are the "other purposes"?  Pork???
When they want to amend the OBAMACARE why did you refuse?Because it's called OBAMACARE You want it to be called RANDPAUL CARE
do we get to read the bill at some point? That sure would be nice!
@HargroveDan @CNN sorry won't be watching! CNN is fake news! When you talk on @FoxNews I'm all ears!
"Replacement." What part of "get the eff out of healthcare" don't you idiots understand?
who all was involved in drafting this?
my vote for President
...actually doing things
Yeah. The GOP thinks you are a nut case and will not work with your bill. Sad very sad.
wow I hope the people who think healthcare isn't a right have to deal with the stress of a serious medical issue.
Can we download it somewhere? Thanks for doing this!!
Is the GOP going to replace one bad bill with another? Stay the hell out of healthcare!
why don't you read it?
Rand Paul look up up the Swiss model on health care news week did an article on it. 100 insurance  cos
Why on CNN? Forget that no one watches. They will just have their Drones out on Monday telling the world there is no "republican plan". Odd.
allow drugs approved in Canada and EU in without FDA approval to lower costs.
Thanks. Repubs can pull together..Media hates that..Keep on movin' this country forward...Repubs United We Stand!!
Go Rand!!
Well said. If his proposed replacement offers anything positive, the left will explode with rage. Mark my words...
Most people have no idea that ACA is an economic emergency that threatens bankrupting the country.
@JayS2629 @CNN AMEN!
integrity is paramount.
This is a horrible healthcare plan! What if your employer doesn't offer employees HSA?
@Trumps1stMember @CNN great. Make sure doctors like it please.
Excellent! Will tax payers still be forced to support the 20 million in present O-Care that we actually pay 4?
CNN? They don't have any viewers who will see it?
how is your bill going to help? HSAs and high deductible insurance leaves the health provider chasing the payment. #SaveACA
I refuse to watch CNN so I guess I'll read the bill online.
We hope it does away with the mandate. The govt should not be in the healthcare business.
@SpeakerRyan @realDonaldTrump Medicaid insurers need b required pay docs  timely.April '16 still unpaid. Doc won't see til pd
I sure hope preexisting conditions are still included &that you are not working with @PRyan to hurt Medicare, Medicaid at 1
the same time.I
get the feeling you'll stick anything under Trump's nose and say sign here! We the people don't trust
@Brian51207316 @CNN 
Amen!
I LOVE how GOP thinks tax cuts are the answer to everything. Poor people can't buy food or healthcare with tax cuts.
is it 20k pages?
Hope not. Granted I trust Rand more than the rest of DC, BUT I don't want another we need to pass it to see what's in it situation.
@CraigRBrittain @CNN didn't y'all just screw over people with pre-existing conditions?
Can't wait Mr. Paul. Great job!
@YoungDems4Trump @CNN Kick ass, Rand! THE DOCTOR IS IN! Elections have consequences and you're in charge now! #MAGA
why CNN?  Why CNN?  WHY CNN??????????  Fkcu CNN!  Don't give them the credibility and don't dignify their dishonesty!!!
I'm sure it will be glorious. "sigh"
just rebrand as trumpcare. It will make him so happy, and it would make it the best ever.
why CNN...nobody will see it!
this like the first time I am watching CNN in many months.
government should get out and stay out of our healthcare.  ABSURD to think they can run it effectively and efficiently.
way to go!!
You're plan is to cut Medicaid rolls and allow under insurance through cheap catastrophic plans? How does that solve anything?
can't wait.
Thank you for serving our country
@JayS2629 @CNN IMO.  the attitude that healthcare is a 'right' must be addressed.
maybe you've heard of the healthcare exchanges? Great concept, part of the ACA #norepealreplace
- No CNN!
copays better still count towards deductibles!
@johnparrottaz1 @CNN I pray  all get the same kind of play my co gave me and I have pre-existing $750.00 deductible $2300. Premium
great job Senator. Less govt more docs and DPC
Please do not make the program mandatory. Government forcing us to buy a product from a private company IS UNCONSTITUTIONAL
Why on CNN?  I spotted watching then after their bias  views
@MarionFr4 @RandPaul @CNN why on CNN ? Nobody watches CNN ? Why not on Fox news ? CNN should be boycotted ! I won't watch CNN at all !!
I didn't watch it on CNN. Just saw it on Twitter!
Well I hope its not on CNN , cause then the majority of Americans will never see it !!
