Campaign promises are one thing, reality is another. Get real Senator.
One risk pool. Risk gets spread evenly. We are all our brothers keepers.
Everyone has car insurance as well. Absurd arguments by the GOP
What are the "Republican principles" regarding making healthcare available for EVERYONE?
let kentucky grow #Hemp, #randPaul;2015 price of Wild Ginseng $1,400 lb.-http://www.kyagr.com/marketing/ginseng-harvesters.html … be a problem solver,not BS poverty pimp,dt
Donald trump is killing people all over the word and #CharlottesvilleKKK don't war or fly for dt 45 BLM
But why?  Why are you SOOO set on repeal instead of fixing what we have?
Why becauseEGO gets in the way
@RandPaul You are not the president. We the people chose @POTUS to repeal and replace at the same time. You & @SenatorCollins get on board.
Perhaps a through fix of Obamacare, might be better than a Repeal, especially when y'all Republican's, ain't got y'all's ducks in a row...
#-just repeal. keep the government out of our health care.
It has become obvious that "Republican Principles" is an oxymoron!
The majority of Americans do not want to lose the ACA. Repealing it will become a huge resentment of historic proportions.
It's only the smoochers that want it. They get it Free. But it's not Free we are all paying the Free. Imvsick of paying everyone else's bill
Why do you pay for roads, then? Why do you pay for taxes for the internet on every communication bill? Go live in the woods, alone.
Paul the promise was repeal and replace, all you do is talk, no action. You won't get re-elected so just resign now and get it over with!
Senator Paul has a solid response to EVERY question and EVERY situation! Repeal this nightmare!
Repeal it and then fine tune it!!!!!
@RandPaul is 100% correct on this.
We were promised a #FullRepeal
absolutely,I&my beauty @margbrennan health care bill could cost 30m Americans uncover,700 Bn medicaid cuts,as concerned as many senators..
Interesting. 'Cause your "No" vote is a vote for Ocare staying in place. As is. No improvements.  Don't vote with Chuck and Nancy.
Saw FTN interview.  You, R Nader, and B Sanders should start an insurance co.
You've lost perspective. You are stuck to a bad promise. Your obligation is access to decent healthcare. Take Republican hat off, put MD on.
cant repeal unless you have something perfected to replace it.
Because you lacked the ability to figure out what a disaster your promised behavior would create. ACA helps people, GOP promises harm 99%!
What's he plan to do with low income seniors  (under $900/mo) who need a nursing home?
Maybe this is not the full repeal stage in the process yet.

Use this bill to “repeal what we can” for now.
.@RandPaul: We need to repeal what we can agree to & replace afterwards. I still think all 52 of us can get together and this can be done.
NO we didn't.  We were promised repeal and replace with something cheaper and better for everyone.
Y'all always say stuff you don't mean. Not every @SenateGOP promised repeal, only a minority did. That's what you are in. You are fringe.
Respectfully, RP would be the candidate if he'd shown more chill during debates. Best values. Be aggravated, just don't act so aggravated.
#StandWithRand
Yes  FULL REPEAL w/phase out period. This is why we put GOP majority. Then let free mkt HC work. Need to then reform Medicare/Medicaid. DONE
Both Republican Houses, Congress/Senate,%, put a FULL REPEAL Bill of Obamacare on Obama's desk! Put the same bill on Pres Trump's desk!
Both sides are wrong. Repeal is not acceptable retain doesn't work repair is what's needed
To a lot of us, Senator, your "promise" is more of a threat.
We could have the "Truly Sick People Group" and the "Terminally Ill People Group" and the "Horrendously Expensive Ailing People Group."
Funny: say u want to keep your promise to voters yet R's don't want what ur peddling- or didn't u notice R's calling repeatedly to say NO!
Repubs promised better coverage for less money- and no discrimination against sick ppl or cuts to Medicaid/care. Y'all been lying for yrs
You PROMISSED to make the wealthy and powerful who donate billions to buy your vote.The 90% of voters be damned
Yes b/c it's far too generous &benevolent to suggest we would replace an essential HC prgm with something like was promised for past 8 yrs
You promised repeal which in fact is a promise of death to millions. Shameful
Sen Paul gets how risk pools work and allowing the formation of groups based on common interest is right on target
One risk pool. Risk gets spread evenly. We are all our brothers keepers.
what you promised and what people want are two different things.
The @GOP have been lying to us, plain and simple but the question is, what now? Rand and Retardo @SenatorCollins are killing us.
Killing us? No, it's the rest of the fools who refuse to say no to insurance lobbyists. Rand submitted a 4 PAGE plan in March. Times up.
It's killing us because it leaves the Individual and Employer Mandates in place in search of the perfection (full repeal), not happening.
Most will remain either way. 
http://rare.us/rare-politics/issues/obamacare-rare-politics/rand-paul-retaining-instead-of-repealing-obamacare-will-be-republicans-undoing/amp/ …
I agree almost all of what you're saying but to kill the Individual and Employer Mandates kill Obamacare. The rest can be killed later.
Let us hope so, but I have my doubts. Poor Rand dealing with so many sell outs and imbeciles. Need Term Limits and lobbyist ban.
All the previous "repeals" was just Kabuki Theater and Rand proved that but it's what we have to work with now until they lose in 2018.
True they're showing us that whoever  comes in or stays in 2018 also won't make any difference.
15 Billion dollars in profit & they hurt citizens. Why buy insurance? Healthcare system is infested w/Malfeasance, endorsed by GOVERNMENT.
We need a single-payer system like every other modern nation on earth.
Agreed
And you're NOT going to get it, Rand.
Crowds loved the word then. What about now when they actually know what that would mean for their families? Ask them!
Amen. We need full repeal, it does no good to leave a turd in the pool
I think at some point you need to pull the trigger
I don't think YOUR helping at all!! Trying all getting together you know like one republican!!! NOT FOUR!!
gop voters will settle for reducing premiums and choice.
This is true. Please remind the President as well. We like and appreciate him, but dumping more money in a sinking ship isn't helping.
Thank you for being honest about what WE THE PEOPLE paid 1000 seats of government for!
You are allowed to change your mind if there is a better solution!
"If you get 75 or 85% of what you ask for, I say, take it & fight for the rest later." - R. Reagan
@RandPaul is one of a few senators with any balls.  I hope someday he's President.  I support @realDonaldTrump as well. Great men both.
Yes Rand Paul I'm from Texas and tell Ted Cruz Full Repeal not a replace. Get government out of healthcare
Do you know who dragged us into this mess? Now it's too big to fail.
Because dumb dumb they have to repeal it all. Laws & laws were written purposely that if anyone tried to change it they couldnt. Layers deep
Just agree to this for the Country. It's not time to just think about your Kentuckyians but ALL Americans. The HC bill can be changed later
Republican healthcare bill must be done right the first time. Don't count on them improving it later. It won't happen.
Repeal only, repeal only, repeal only. @realDonaldTrump @VP @DineshDSouza @dcexaminer @RandPaul @SpeakerRyan @SenTedCruz @SenateMajLdr
Big Government should stick to Managing and Balancing our Budget, and stay out of the business of bailing out The Rich Insurance Companies.
But, if Big Government wants to be involved, then we should have the same Health Care that all of the Washington Politicians get for life.
That's right!  Hypocrisy rules.
#Repealdontreplace 
#Freemarkethealthcare
Thank you! The #BHCA is a disaster that would force the GOP from power for 20 years. Taxes, welfare, subsidies...not a GOP bill! #REPEAL.
Forget it. U will never get full repeal with spineless colleagues. Take half loaf or get nothing Paul
The repeal ship has sailed. Never happen. Paul will stand alone in this
I  want a repeal, open up  across state  lines,  let  the market take over.
Rand Paul: American Values? You clearly don't have any.
Then repeal the thing. Government doesn't belong in healthcare, and certainly shouldn't pay for health insurance!!!!
Quit dickin around and fix it then. Stop talking about it. Everyone had 8 years to come up with a better plan and now the blame game !! Smh
He's trying to convince his colleagues.
I understand that I'm in Kentucky. My point is they all need to stop this crap.
Everybody in the Senate needs to listen to YOUR Senator. He hasn't mishandled anything. It's the rest of Congress that is deaf to reason.
I'm from Ky and we are not going to forget how you have handled this.  Stop trashing this and go work to get it passed.
You should be thankful for a Senator that stands against crony capitalism.
Cant repeal without a plan thats better. You had 8 years of doing nothing but complain. Now #Trumpcare is yours. Own it buddy.
What? Of course you can. We didn't have Obamacare before, so repeal the entire thing and we will have what we had before.
Which is nothing. Obamacare was a Republican idea. Romneycare. See how brilliant Obama was he passed a GOP idea now they are stuck...LOL
Exactly. Repeal it entirely. They don't "need something better", they need to scrap the idea of national regulation entirely.
@RandPaul , No, you promised REPLACE! Not gut healthcare!
Folks like u are the reason nothing gets done.  If you can't have all wins, take the ones you can get and move on. Please, we need repeal.
guaranteed subsidies to insurance companies let's them charge what they please. of course they love obamacare. @RandPaul has a valid point.
Not mean enough.
One of the anti American Republicans. Liars, narcissistic old men who are only interested in cash and power. Time to rewrite constitution
The exact opposite is true about this man. If you had any knowledge of Rand Paul, you wouldn't say this.
Sorry to be the one to break it to you but we only cared about the mandate which they are repealing. Only the mandate mattered nothing else.
