Just voted YES on the Heller Amdt. to permanently repeal the burdensome "Cadillac" tax on health insurance plans
The next healthcare vote will be soon. The bill will: 
1. Repeal Individual Mandate tax/penalty
2. Repeal the job killing Employer mandate
3. Repeal 3 years of medical device tax 
4.  Defund Planned Parenthood for 1 year
5. Expand HSA (larger maximum contributions)
6.  Push and fund expansion of 1332 waivers for states to opt out of many regulations
7. Cause 16 million people to lose health care insurance. 8. Increase the price of insurance for the rest of us by 20% starting next year.
ACA: Fine & penalize Americans for not buying a corporation's tax subsidized product.

Thought democrats were against this kind of thing?
Just vote that every American gets a free box of bandaids.   Worth more that what you're trying to accomplish.
Bullshit Rand. You people have no earthly idea what you are doing. Your constituents will pay a steep price. #embracethesuck
So you can give top 1% a huge tax break! Your a hypocrite!
Cadillac tax has already made our workplaces policies cover LESS for higher premiums every year  Is the antithesis of "fair" pure socialism
Good. Many people lost good insurance coverage. Except for Unions and other exempt organizations.
And taking away employer mandate.Yay!If you have 50 employees no more health care 4 them-co's can get bigger profits! F working people! 
No jobs, no working people.  Are you old enough to remember what happened Hillarycare?
Hillarycare was an employer mandate which caused many people with full-time jobs to be part-timers.
Oh I remember that I was working 40 hours and they cut me down to 36 just so that they didn't have to give me health insurance
And that's Hillary care's fault!
Repeal Obamacare period.

ObamaCare not blame for rising Insurance and Rx costs!  It's #greed , #congress & ur #failure to hold those companies accountable! Fix it!
Stop lying to people! Pharmaceutical & Ins. Companies are to #blame, but they pay #Congress w/ #Lobbyist #DoYourJob! #FixIt
I couldn't agree more. I'm amazed at how many people thing their rep is working in their best interests yet receive $$$ from lobbyists.
As long as big pharma and ins lobbyists bribe reps, THEIR interests will come first, not ours.
ban lobbyists donations and instill term limits. Only way to change and improve the system.
*implement not instill. Sorry about that!
Like the lobbyists Obama had in his administration? There's a bailout for ins co's in ACA. Big Insurance in bed with big government
it was not a bailout, it was a promise to help with losses due to high cost participant to encourage ins to participate.
you are voting for amendments to the ACA and you r going to sign a bill that will basically kill the ACA, there's something not right there
There ought NEVER be a tax that punishes us for Loving And Caring Too Much.  And that's precisely what Obama's Cadillac Tax, does.
1/2 Skinny repeal would raise premiums by 20% by next year and force 16 million people off their healthcare. Wanna see what happens when
2/2 thousands of people with severe mental illness that may include violent tendencies lose access to their psych meds? They'll come for you
Trump voters are but the symptom. The GOP politicians are the REAL evil.
Repeal that stupid Cadillac tax!!!
And--tax the poor!
No, it's a tax that phases out an existing tax distortion.
You lie.
Thanks for voting against the Obamacare repeal, way to really come through for us.
You deserve a Muffin Bear for this awesomeness cc @schultzenfreude
Most Union negotiated health plans fall in excess of the Caddilac Plan thresholds #Badforme!

Consumers are job creators. It's called supply and demand. Giving billionaires more money does nothing for the economy.
I respect your profile pic
How do I ever get to become a "job creator" if I will always have to risk my health to quit my job and start a business?
Opening a business takes risks.  Do you know how many people quit jobs giving up insurance in the past to open their business?
that's the exact point I'm trying to make. we are hindering possible job creators who will never leave their jobs because insurance
That was the same risk as in the past. When i left my job to create my business, I gave up my insurance.
so if the goal is to encourage job creation, how is cutting off insurance a good idea?
Well when I built my business & bought insurance for my family at $710, when ACA kicked in & tripled my rate, I lost my insurance.Good idea?
If obamacare had been passed with the original intentions that wouldnt have occurred.  Greedy insurance companies r to blame
I worked as an underwriter at an insurance company in '08...i saw first hand the bs they pulled
Let me fix this for you.  "830 vote is to fuck over the people who voted for us"
How much longer do we have to wait to defund PP?
Repeal individual mandate now
All this ACA debate is missing 1 thing. Insurance companies need to be able to openly compete across markets.  Then prices drop. #freemkt
Although I hate how the ACA was shoved down our throats, corporate insurance companies only answer to the NYSE and their shareholders.
Just like all companies. Open competition would give consumers a real choice. They will drive pricing vs the opposite.
How about for you guys?
Like u repealed Dodd-frank which was so hurtful to the big banks that caved in the economy and destroyed millions of families
Admittedly,  the Cadillac tax seriously damaged my employee health insurance program.  I Never understood it's purpose or reasoning.
@RandPaul is all talk just like all of the other "takers" in DC. Go home and save us money by not doing anything going forward.
Anyone know why this tax was implemented? 
You can buy a health plan and deduct it, even with gym memberships and massages and all kinds of
things that they can attach and call it "Health Insurance"
Want new seats for your car? We can make it about your back.
Bloated tax scams
#AmericansUnite. Force Congressto use the same healthcare as we do
Well what was the vote
Replace and repeal all Congressmen and woman. We are tired of these pirates& hypocrites
U mean it's been taking money that goes into all the CEOs pockets and gives it back to Americans. They make $Bs at expense of Americans.
Americans are smart enough to know ur trying to fool them by separating out issues as if they weren't connected. We know better. Repeal PAUL
I thought you RAN ON REPEAL OBAMACARE not just a substitute!! You're going to pay u need to look at another job
Republicans have the rare chance to prove to the World how incredible the free market is by deregulating healthcare, and they WILL NOT DO IT
Lead the way Rand Paul !!
The ACA has created 10's of millions of jobs
Your a traitor to this country and our democracy. Pathological liar like your party.
Get the repeal done we middle-class are watching
Republicans forget it let it fail Democraps owned it
I very seldom supports anything that Rand Paul says because I don't think he really understands a whole bunch of subjects
Fix it or go home!
Screw that! no way in hell will that help the working class that are up against high premiums with high deductibles

It does not directly affect workers, only those making more than most of us. But then, you're a senator. What you vote for doesn't affect u.
Senator this vote for bad bill so we can fix it is just NUTS. What has happened to the Senate?
Sounds great Rand-but help repubs with health care!!!
Can we repeal the sexist racist tanning tax that targets poor white women & repeal taxes on OTC & prescription drugs too? Too many taxes
Instead of putting so much energy into picking our pockets to fund your feel good social programs? Put some energy into finding.....
Not True. Are you familiar with the tax law? #SenatorTermLimits
We don't want UK's single payer system
Thank you!
and the Mandatory penalty  Tax the one biting working class!!!! Where is that
A Tax Cut For the Rich?  Rand Paul you break it, YOU BOUGHT IT!!!
It costs taxpayers who have to fund those bloated plans that employers write off rather than increase pay.
You know the truth about the "Skinny Bill " & how it will negatively impact Americans. Dr. @RandPaul ... DO NO HARM
Lie
It will take POTUS Trump 8 years to drain the swamp and repair what the corrupt politicians have done. Our POTUS is an awesome man.
man so many trolls on this thread, I would think i was under a bridge
More myths spread by incompetent officials!
Those that say, Obama was stupid, live under a rock. He has lived his life as a divider. He knew exactly what he was doing.
Yes! Yes! This is a burden on blue collar America. My previous job destroyed our ins due to Cadillac tax, current job wants to.
What about 16-million ppl without ins? #neverforget
Please pass a bill that doesn't have all the tax mandates. Stop this madness. Do the right thing. REPEAL this MONSTROSITY !!!
You are a clown. Hack politician you have no solutions. Always trying to be on the stage but no ones cares about you
Keep going brother
but mostly costs #Billionaires money? #amiright?
Well get er done!!!! #RepealAndReplace
Make Medicare-For-All the sole coverage for politicians. 
Watch the improvements and funding magically appear.
Way to attach your legacy to trump chaos. History won't be kind to gop
First pass something for Obamacare middle income victims-self employed?
Piss off Big: Insurance, Pharma & Hospital Then we'll know it's real
Please do!!!!!
Its not a Tax Its a penalty
Good luck with that.
Yet I doubt our employer will give us back the nice, low deductible plan we had before ACA...
wtf? job creators? please. tell me what "worker" has a "cadillac plan"?? you are a horrible person who does not care about regular americans
I have a cadillac plan.  I work in the transportation industry.
Get this repeal passed!!!!
You will go down little man.  As a Kentuckian, we will work hard to end your political career.
Get it done Sir....   As close to full repeal as we can get...
Keep up the good fight
This falls disappointingly short of what we need, but...
You mean the billionaire class. They don't need tax cuts.
Persistent fellow's in DC ran a campaign long tooth ON lies to get elected. 
That says it all on ELECTION FRAUD.

Chip away until the worthless law is gone forever #ripobamacare
Boo
By job creators you mean the super rich.
Yeah because poor people create jobs
Oh hey, my senator from KY. Can you all in the Senate stop being so reckless with healthcare tonight? I'd rather no wake up uninsured.
None of this is true. Unemployment is extremely low.
republicans do your job!! What you promised!!
No evidence that any jobs are endangered. It's been a Republican talking point for years.
Why on earth would we tax someone for having outstanding medical insurance?

Opinion: It’s time to start thinking about the unthinkable http://wapo.st/2uDaz2L 
Sen Paul is one of the few looking out for small business owners
American people got f***** once again screw all of you
Obamacare could be improved upon instead of destroyed. Some adjustments are in order.  Healthcare is a right,  not a privilege.
Wrong, tax cuts decreased Gvt income and don't grow the economy in a significant way
Thank you for your efforts. It's not your fault you have three gutless vipers in the Senate. Watch your back around McCain, Senator.
Repeal that tax it will have an effect on employer sponsored plans with 40% excise tax
January: don't repeal only
Last week: repeal only
yesterday: skinny repeal
today: repeal one tax in ACA

Man, you're doing great Rand.
As Mooch said, you eat an elephant one bite at a time. It's something if they can get it done.
Senator Paul wanted to eat the whole elephant earlier this week.  Even introduced a bill to do that.

Grasping for a win is not effective.
True but money is running things with the crooks on Hill.
I suggest reading Captured by Sheldon Whitehouse.  He goes into great detail about how money is running things.
We need SOCIALIZED MEDICINE "NOT INSURANCE" Then if you're financially capable,  buy better a one. Current status is a massacre by economics
The cadiallac tax wasn't even going to be effective until 2020... and it was a tax on insurance companies w/ ins plans that were too costly
Job creators???
u sold ur soul to special interest & 1% at the expense of the people! We REJECT u & those who who fail to stand up for our people!
You are voting to cut your own taxes!
Get 'er done!
40 dollars a month per person government controlled no insurance companies. Regulate cost hospitals buy medicines for less problems solved
Repeal!
More often than not, sir, I respect you. But a lack of health insurance is why I didn't start a business this year.
But ACA was and still is law. Why didn't you have access to health insurance?
I paid for it until it started costing more than my rent each month.
Repeal & replace with a free market plan is what we were promised!
Please vote NO on this irresponsible "skinny repeal"! We need you to be a patriot and stand up for America 
Which was never implemented. At least be honest. You promised #FullRepeal. This is window dressing. Repealing what wasn't charged is bs.
@RandPaul your not my senator but apparently one of few that has the guts to do the right thing. Please don't give up the fight!
Can't you do something good for a change? Ur thinking of yourself and not #Kentucky People before Principles...
This is terrible

Let's hope that the worthless rinos vote for it
First time I've heard a no# like this. Who's doing the voting? .TY
Novice Me.
Vote to give congress Obamacare!
You've never had to worry about health care, have you. #resist
Is there no embarsement to you as our senator?  This process is ridiculous.  Reps have really no idea what to do!  POTUS is soooo helpful!
the promise: "life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." I want help with the "life" part to have liberty to pursue happiness
Bullship. Cadillac plans only affordable by people using ACA exempt from repeal (LIKE YOUR F***ING INSURANCE). You can afford the 42% tax.
How about the millions that can only work 30 hrs. When u getting rid of that law? Little guy Rand, Little guy
You and yours didn't run on sorta ..... repeal Obamacare
You are the absolute worst
 it all
But you still have Obamacare!
Instead of being flexible and getting the most you could you were an extremist and now got NOTHING done. Congratulations!
Repeal all taxes they are theft.
Keep the faith
love for you & Cruz to work together get a great health care plan or maybe govt needs to step out of health care. I'm paying $1250 per month
And the middle Class will just lose their health care (16 million) and some will lose their health and http://lives.Rich  need more!
Skinny repeal? Not good enough. @tedcruz @JohnCornyn
Do you not understand how insurance works? If you don't have a mandate, it falls apart...hmmm, so maybe yer trying to kill ppl after all.
This nut did not fall from the tree but I recall the old man maybe nuts but he is not a liar.
That's funny we could have repealed the whole thing but nooo, it wasn't perfect so now we're down to picking away at bits of it. Disgraceful
REPEAL only! JUST REPEAL IT!
And exactly how many Americans will not have healthcare now, how do guys sleep at night...
The Cadillac Tax is just INCOME TAX paid by EVERYONE buying health insurance in the individual market.  why not help US TOO, Paul???  IDIOT!
.We still stand with you.  We APPRECIATE you fighting to the END to do what was promised to Voters.REPEAL & REPLACE #MAGA @realDonaldTrump .
Now Time to Help all Matter Small Business owners. Sir
the poor spend almost 100% of their earnings, they are the real job creators.
That should be automatic Senator
Your so-called "job creators" haven't been creating jobs, even though they got tax cuts. Put that lie back from whence you pulled it.
Do the right thing, give the American people the same health care you have.
Keep up the good work Rand. You  understand what freedom is!
What a shame people are suffering and we had 8 years to come up with something. I am going independent I am frustrated
In everyone's best interest, a complete win win.(D)not to see sham bill passed (R)replacing Obama care(P)giving Americans great healthcare
Why repeal?
Senator Rand, did anyone actually read 2,000 pg Obamacare bill, to make sure  all the taxes and sneaky petes are removed in new bill? Do it.
Thank you Sir as a small minority owned business I've been barely hanging on due to the crazy taxes.
I don't want to rain on your parade, but what about repealing the politicians Cadillac Healthcare coverage? Use the shit you want us to use.
Damn Mc Cain
God, I hope you fail

yes-repeal Casillac tax  full repeal on ACA nothing leas
Most of all stop trying to cut Medicaid benefits that will hurt the most vulnerable!
Hold those companies avountablenn, I agree
Pirates and hypocrites. That is what Congressmen and women are in office! This is not Hollywood? This is reality!
Nope, all lies. You're a liar.
thanks Senator. Keep it up!
Get it done! You're one of the few I trust
Get it done  let's move on
Should never happened in the first place.
You are voting to take away my health insurance, which keeps my RA in remission. I will end up disabled. You're heartless.
Boo
Mandate? I'm not paying penalty next August.
Open up competition
Do it
Companies like mine vowed to cut our plans to stay under the $10k limit
