True American Hero. #CongressionalBaseballGame 
You're a doctor. Why didn't you start first aid on the victims? You're a liar! This was a hoax - propaganda. #Smith-MundtModernizationAct
@SenTedCruz @RepHensarling @realDonaldTrump @IngrahamAngle @marklevinshow @limbaugh You & rest of GOP need to "openly" back President Trump!
So you can all go down with HIM.  
so glad you're safe sir! Keep fighting for all of us, even those of us stuck in Calif.
Get out wing nut!  Cali does not need you. Cali proud! 

Important share share! Post on Republican politician sites. Demand they support our president now & start working or we're voting them out! https://twitter.com/judgejeanine/status/876252923251933184 …
Who knew the 2nd Amendment would be used against Republicans.
Excellent job sir. An excellent EXAMPLE OF LAW ENFORCEMENT!
And Officer Crystal Griner, the other officer on the scene. She seems forgotten/neglected in this process.
NOT BY ME!
Yes, a black cop took a bullet for Republicans working to stop African Americans from voting.  He is a true professional.
two
You said it
He is a hero ! Saved all of your lives ! Thank God for putting him there ! Wonderful moment tonight !
So is Officer Crystal Griner, the other officer on the scene. She seems forgotten/neglected in this process.
She certainly is an American Hero too! So thankful for both of them!
No comment on this old tweet of yours or were you just figuring, ya know, Democrats would be the ones being shot at?
.@Judgenap: Why do we have a Second Amendment? It's not to shoot deer. It's to shoot at the government when it becomes tyrannical!
Does not matter if old post is old. It is true.  He as said nothing about second amendment since recent shooting.  Speaks volumes.
Ok then.  Now stand behind POTUS and get the agenda we voted for executed! Get republicans to move! Please!
"with his partner."
the black lesbian who took a bullet?
Cannot believe what happened. Wild how that event to the media is buried away now. Its all about this hit job they have on Donald. Prayers.
What are u writing about.  I saw stories about the ball game and the shooting both days on CNN. Through the the days. You are fake news.
American Heroes.
The cops, not the politicians.
Lots of people hiding behind Trees. Never will under stand that one
Just a reminder that you advocated shooting at the government. If you had integrity, you'd #Resign. #Resist
Support your president
Save Scalise's life, move him out of the hospital. Dr. Sava was attending physician for Seth Rich.
HE THE ONLY ONE BEFORE ANYONE WHO STOOD WITH OUR PRESIDENT N STUCKUP FOR HIM RAND WILL NOT SIGN BILLS HE DOESNT AGREE WITH ITS HIS JOB #SWR
#CongressionalBaseballGame. #StandWithRand
PROTECT OUR POTUS. NO LONE WOLF HAS A LIST OF THE SPECIFIC TIME & PLACE OF THE REPUBLICAN MAJORITY  IN CONGRESS BB PRACTICE FIELD.
Her name is Crystal Griner.
This is the @GOP ! Welcome to the "New" Russia ! https://twitter.com/walshfreedom/status/875894981894053890 …
The ture measure of a man is found in how he treats the weakest around him. How is the secret healthcare bill going 
Heath care jobs in KY have gone through the roof in KY since the inception of ACA (Obama care).
Moments like this makes us proud.
Thank you Officer for your service !!!
Question: it has been repeatedly stated he was "after Republicans" . Taking that into consideration, he would have made sure to know when
his targets were going to be there.. why would he ask that? Don't believe that occured. Why? Statement was made after death announced.
Do you really think he asked that? Just seems way out of place
What a hero. And God Bless you all.  I am so glad their wasn't more injuries  but saddened by the ones that were. Injured.
You guys really SUCK at baseball, Rand.  Got clobbered. Good.
Senator Paul, please take this good advice. Don't let them use violence to get what they want. https://twitter.com/StefanMolyneux/status/875471581065216002 …
But @RandPaul earlier you were 1 of 2 no votes. #STOPOBSTRUCTION or you will be persona non grata
I'm glad You are Safe Senator Paul, and pray for Senator Scalise. Honesty and Transparency so rare in DC. We appreciate Both of you. MAGA!
Constitutional carry of guns would have allowed you to to defend yourselves.  Time to stop the free kill zones
American Hero God bless him
That is great and bravo, but we should be looking at and arresting the perpetrator behind the shooter. The left will only get worse, fight.
@RandPaul one of 2 that voted against. Get him out of senate. Obstructionist
Trump Supporters We must fight for our PRESIDENT!! STEPS to get these Backstabbing REPUBLICANS OUT OF OFFICE. RT RT
Ever wonder if the guy was hired to kill the Republicans?
Let's remember all the law enforcement officers that put their lives on the line everyday. I've been married to one for 32 years.
Thank God for the heroes in law enforcement.
God bless u all
That is great, but can you guys just go to work?
His partner s name is Crystal was and she shot the shooter
Good game last night. Was a privilege to be a part of it. You and #GOP played well
#CongressionalBaseballGame
Touching moment. 
From your tweet last year, Officer Bailey infringed on the shooter's 2nd Amend. rights in opposing the government.
Great American Hero you are Officer David Bailey , thank you Sir we salute you 
Well done officer Bailey!
Thx to both teams for demonstrating maturity & commonsense by playing a great game. Together.
Tell Trump to hire Ken Starr or super bad ass criminal attorney to defend him. Has light weights against Muellers lions.
American Veterans and Police officers do that shit every day. It's just more important when congress is in duress.
What strength! Even walking on crutches didn't stop him! I'm proud to have people like him serve our country #OnlyTheBest
Profound to witness a miracle with God sending two angels to bless all there with grace of saving lives!  A contemporary DAVID and Goliath!
Maybe just maybe Repub Congress will finally wake up to the reality the rest of us are living as Republican supporters. Welcome to our world
Officer Bailey is a hero. Thoughts are with victims/loved ones, but shame on you re: #VirginiaShooting tragedy @RandPaul

God bless! now lets get gay marriage banned once and for all
Why are democRAT politicians spewing hate towards trump and getting psychos riled up to maybe hurt our POTUS ? Enough !
Anyone notice how democRAT politicians or officials in high places like justice dept get away with crimes?
Why isn't James Comey being investigated for leaking ? Why isn't Loretta lynch under investigation for obstruction?
Because what he leaked were personal memos and not classified documents. Even under presidential privilege they were not classified.
Beautiful!
Congress needs more bipartisan events like this, too. It might help to build some bridges between the two sides. #CongressionalLaserTag?
God bless him.
Yes Republican senator, he is one of us "sheep dogs  " David Bailey there's no greater sacrifice made: protecting a fallen ! You are blessed
Praise God. Isn't Our Lord good?..
Any more interviews for Rand to run towards to make this about himself? How embarrassing he was on Fox yesterday.
Wowsers! Praise God.
Total HERO!
Now get to the Hill tmrw and BACK your POTUS. Put pressure on Dems to tone down rhetoric. They would swarm if this was opposite. Pressure!
Back POTUS? He should represent his constituents.  Stand with POTUS only when he's right. Thankful for #freedomcaucus
He is a great hero!
Nice base hit @RandPaul!
#StandWithRand
Rand paul has potential to be next US president, glib plausible same as Trump
Nice thoughts Sen Paul almost makes me forget your backwards K.  Side note get to work #MAGA
Loved watching tonight. Great game! Please call on cspan to televise the Congressional Women's Softball Game. So glad you are a Reds fan :).
Unless you people in congress can't get your s*** together snd start leading this country, it doesn't mattter, so get to work
Let's pass healthcare and taxes.

You can't bat to save your life
Awesome. God bless America! MAGA!
