#MeToo
#singlepayer is the best solution for American citizens. Get some balls and make it happen.
Single payer in canada killed my friends father by stating he was there were younger people who needed to be treated
My roommate died because he couldn't afford health insurance.
Govt is reason ins expensive, inefficient, ineffective. #GetGovtOutOfHealthcare
Single payer negotiating prices for 300 million people would immediately drive prices down.
#obamacare on steroids, bankrupt us. limited care; age-rated, disease-rated rationing.   long waits, govt-mandated, limited care.  no thanks
two of my favorite men in one photo! Lord have Mercy!
What Don did this week was w/o morality. We will be choosing between our mortgage and insurance next month. Thank you @GOP @SpeakerRyan
Im already having to do that with the current AHCA. #FullRepeal
And I do understand that. I thought they could work together to fix the issues that ACA had. Hubby lost job recently so we got subsidy 4 it.
"subsidy" means I paid for it. You're welcome.
So we have different ideas of what's compassion.
since Im from NY we pay out the most&Im proud to pay 4 ur health care.Cris doesnt understand empathy or should use repunks mantra bootstraps
What happens if you get cancer? Treatment is going to cost more than you paid your insurance co. It's comes out of the pot everyone pays in2
Now please support our President to get the tax cut pass. Thank you!
@HouseGOP @SenateGOP Just get work already! My God if the Working Class moved this slow we be fired!

BS
Congress needs to join in with the president. No more lives have been saved now than they were back in 2009
@RandPaul so that’s cool and all... but are you making sure the insurance has a network of providers where they are selling?

Great post! But Grandpa had a phrase, “U can’t put the sh** back in the horse. “ . And Obama was keenly aware of that!
Obamacare was designed to be a failure, so the public would beg for single-payer.
Yeah I'm going to go out and buy a plan for more $ and get less insurance, thanks fiscal conservatives!! Can't wait.
Proud that you are our senator.
The fact of the matter is that once healthcare can be sold across state lines it will create price competition ultimately reducing cost.
Great! Love the WKU cap, go Hilltoppers!  Hope you're mending fast, with little pain. Remember to fix healthcare,  as my plan goes from $84/month to $651.08 in January, with less benefits, higher deductible. #PoorWidows
Sen Rand a paul we need to have a talk! Some doctors got to go!
$$$ line their pockets. BJC  2300.00 injection vs office inject 645.00
I Can finally get something other than BCBS which is our only option and over $600 a month with a $5,000 deductible. Finally a choice. TY 
TRUMP CHEATS AT GOLF! 10 foot gimme putts, improving lies, skipping penalty strokes, mulligans, the works! His swing says 18 handicap! SAD!!
#RandPaul U need to explain this cause it seems like alot of experts do not feel the same way!
This actually happened? I mean obamacare saved my life a number of days ago but this is excellent news!
No more excellent news for you! Now you have a pre-existing condition so you won’t see better priced health insurance.
Not to mention a bone infection is hardly a chronic preexisting condition.
No one said anything about chronic, did they? Insurance companies look at the fact that you’ve had a life threatening bone infection. Period
Do you think the cheaper policies at $30/month are going to have less than a $5000 deductible?
Well now that the market has opened up I plan on paying even less. #capitalismrules
You will pay less per month for less coverage. There will be a max on payout. Deductible will be thousands and total out of pocket even more
No I will look at my plan and decide what I want for coverage, I'll shop around like I always do. Including my healthcare providers
No it doesn’t. It makes pricing for those with pre-existing conditions to go up and gives insurance ability to sell crap policies!
People’s policies were cancelled when they became sick, remember? What’s to stop them from doing the again?
It was a PROTECTION from being charged more upon renewal and limited the amount insurance companies could raise rates! EDUCATE YOURSELF
No they aren’t. You’re repeating the lies instead of doing the research. Health insurance companies reported PROFITS. Check it out yourself
Great work! Get them competing again! Get government out of healthcare. Deregulation will drive competition competition up and prices down.
Nope. We had this prior to the ACA and it created unaffordable health insurance for the people who need it most + medical bankruptcy
Government interference in free markets caused the healthcare issues we now are quagmired in.
Maybe you should read the article you post which states “The U.S. Healthcare Crises didn’t start until 1965...”
I did read the article, and yes, the government has been causing issues with healthcare WELL before 1965. #fullrepeal
Yes, helping take care of our elderly was such a terrible thing for our country to do, right?
Not the governments role. You want to care for the elderly, then voluntarily give to a charity to do so.
Please move to another country which reflects your self-centered values and disdain for a healthy society. they will be happy to have you
Senator, Are you also celebrating the termination of subsidies which means many people ( estimated 1 million) will be unable to afford their health care & very likely premiums will go up more broadly. Heck of a thing to celebrate!
Yes , like the rest of us, we are screwed up so badly . Don't worry the economy is better and they can find jobs now #
Oh and that healthcare thing...
He is ruining our country 
Our country was in ruins...
You are correct. Most r unaware that healthcare works on a contract system. If ur doc/hospital has not signed contract it will not cover u.
You’re excited to harm millions of Americans. Doesn’t that strike you as morally wrong?
Or get a better job. U might even need 2 jobs. Healthcare is a privilege not a right. -2
2 Winners!
Have u been brain washed? What's with the total reversal of your political beliefs?  I am disappointed and sorry. Don't let DT influence u.
yer a bad golfer and i bet an even worse doctor.
wasnt yer doctor's practice a mall kiosk in Louisville?
He's provides optometry surgeries pro-bono and created orgs to help pay for those who can't afford care. Way to troll a good guy.
Pro-bono work doesn't make up for the fact that the guy doesn't think a 1st world gov has any role in helping keep its people healthy
I agree, lets start with a healthy diet. If I'm buying your groceries I can decide what you eat. That sld cut obesity which causes issues
Lol, Hold on, do u assume that because I support ACA that I'm on welfare & spending your hard-earned dollars on junk food?
Ps: if you ARE in fact paying for my groceries, we should def. have dinner together...bring yer cute dog
You sold out the people. Hope the golf was worth it
Just UGH...a Bro is needed."You want me to wear a bra?"
"No, no, a bra is for ladies. Meet the Bro!"
- Frank and Kramer, in "The Doorman"
God Bless you Rand Paul for standing with our President Donald J. Trump to help move America forward...
he must now sign an exec order to force congress into the ACA
"I wonder what the poor people are doing, Rand. Not really; let's go for a mani."
You celebrate increasing insurance premiums for millions of Americans by golfing? You people are strange.
Proud of your accomplishment, but should've kept this post off twitter on strategical terms. The vitriol on politicians golfing is palpable.
Hey Rand. Do me a favor and turn to your left and suck on those sweet, sweet POTUS titties
Great picture
Love it!!!
People are going to be madder than hell
Hey  @hardhouz13 @TrueFactsStated @TeaPainUSA did someone try to cut off twitter clowns fingers? @realDonaldTrump @RandPaul losers!
Waste those tax dollars!!!
OMG!! You guys are so COOL & BRILLIANT!! Americans THANK YOU
This was tried years ago and failed miserably, along with Reagonomics! Many lost much money to fraud since no state regulations.
Haven't you been paying attention? @realDonaldTrump only cares if he wins. You must be high to align with him. What would your father say?
That decision means nothing as MANY maybe MOST ins co's are not set up to sell HC ins across state lines. Ur both traitors to ur voters!
No,it’s called control!Why do you think ins lobbyists have filled the pockets of our Congress for years? Why vote didn’t go?It’s about money
Thank you!!  I am a sm biz owner.  We just got our 2018 renewal policy.  A 30% increase....I am feeling sick.
@realDonaldTrump Bro, you need a mansierre.  Terrible, has really let himself go
Thank you so much Dear @RandPaul ♰
Trump, Rand Paul Come to the Rescue in New Health Care Executive Order https://townhall.com/columnists/justinhaskins/2017/10/23/trump-rand-paul-come-to-the-rescue-in-new-health-care-executive-order-n2399165 …

Amen . BROWN JESUS would be proud cause they want to say merry Christmas NOW! NOT!!!!!! FAKE CHRISTIANS . Disgusting humans going to hell
I can tell by Donald's Nips ....were you sucking on them or his Nads
Me?
No sorry Rand Paul's but I believe he's ok with legal Weed
Great! Hopefully you two can work together to audit the Fed and change who controls the United States. Talk about above the law!
WKU! Let's go!!
Baby Back, do you really have to get political through your business? It's a real turn off. Don't mix the Q with politics.
It was like yesterday...(I like them both)
PUT CONGRESS ON OBAMACARE
PUERTO RICAN's ARE DYING and you're golfing and bragging about taking healthcare away from people. Awesome.
Really like that idea
Until that cheap plan u bought has no docs within 100 miles....
This is who you golfed with.
Nobody on your side of the fence has ANY room to talk especially with the huge ring that is crashing down. Back off our President.

Yes, and funny thing. They all came forward during 2016 election. BUT NOT ONE SHOWED UP FOR COURT!
Get ready, they will be back. Trump said he would sue. Where did that go?
Sorry, there are none. Just like Russia. NOTHING!
No Russian collusion? You mean the reason he fired Comey.
Russia, Russia, Russia!  Gosh, maybe it's because Comey is about as corrupt as they come. Think #Tarmac #LorettaLynch for starters.
If that's really the point of the EO, then why didn't the POTUS introduce it that way? I never once heard him mention that.
@RandPaul PLEASE RESIGN! You did not vote to repeal Obamacare because they did not take enough away from us! You wanted us to have less! RSN
Policies that while cheap don't cover things like prescriptions, catastrophic illness/nothing & lead 2 medical bankruptcies? Way 2 go twit
Glad u were able 2 celebrate taking health care away from millions of Amer. Shame on u! U &that orange fool will b responsible 4this mess.
Honey it was already a mess. Ask anyone from AZ. Let the man fix it.
Please explain the benefit of this cross border transaction.
Economics 101. More competition = lower prices and better products.
well, it's a start.  Too bad you couldn't and didn't help with #FullRepeal
I guess rather be golfing than receiving the remains of fallen soldiers from Niger.
You r thinking of Obama dear.
I will keep an open mind, as long as healthcare prices don't skyrocket.  It is scary, knowing people who work hard  yet can't afford hc.
sold your soul
Thank you for working on this together!
Healthcare for all!!!!
Fraud
#clueless #heartless #soulless
@RandPaul #2024
Damn it. Why does every GOP person I back disappoint me sooner or later?
Never knew you to be an opponent of state's rights.


People can already, long before what the so called president signed, could buy insurance across state lines.
In other words we are further away from the rest of the educated world now. Great.
This is not new. How much Trump Kool-aid did you drink during your golf outing with Trump?
We’ll see your state gives you the exit from the Senate.
RT @realDonaldTrump @tedcruz @RandPaul YOU need to apply the Price Gouging Laws to the big Healthcare Insur Cos Premiums & Deductibles. #USA
Too bad you weren’t a part of it!!
I hope the deep state didn't follow you to the golf course. It's really the only place to have private conversation.
This 62 yr old woman can't wait to get her savings!
Sellout
Who is an elitist now Rand? While 4 dead soldiers arrive in US you golf with a sexual predator. As bad as your dad. Talk big, do nothing
GOP is doomed! Not looking out for majority of Americans. Keep stroking the wealthy and special interest gps. See where it gets you. Vote !
Obamacare caused many prev. med procedures to esclate 10 times due to new regs req proced to be done in Hospitals not in MD's office. Bad
At least when they are playing golf they have BALLS!
Common sense always wins in the end.
So how do I do this? Can I shop now?
Amen. Let's get these costs down already. Healthcare should be over the counter and completely affordable.
Every time you say that health care costs should come down like elective LASIK surgery you show your ignorance. CANCER doesn't play that way
You're all three heartless self promoting #mediahogs.
#SELLOUT
Someone update trumps wardrobe. Its close, but not quite
Im sure someone @RowdyGentleman or @oldrow would be happy to help
Nothing like 2 rich white men on a golf course talking about what the poor needs
Thank you to both President Trump and our constitutional Senator Rand Paul
First president ever to keep his campaign promises #trump2020
Great!
You have to eliminate the job requirement to buy insurance on your own if you want to that is called free market
First male president with man boobs. Rand, you disappointed a lot of your fringe base.
Yes
THANK YOU SENATOR PAUL. 

This Trumpcare EO will hurt Kentuckians. What cabinet position are you jockeying for?
Congratulations, Sen. Paul, for confirming that you lack the intestinal fortitude to be a true leader. Suck up.
RT @tedcruz @RandPaul The Health Benefits/Insurance Cos. are the epitome of Crony Corporatism, Corruption, Fraud, & Abuse. #FullRepeal #USA
Fantastic. Love this team!
Excited to celebrate bribing & bullying #PuertoRicoRelief is slow & #CaliforniaFires are burning. May as well take #Healthcare from millions
Tell the truth Rand I support u and ur dad. This guy knows how to make a deal happen the people need to know the truth
@RandPaul turns more pathetic and cowardly every single day. Vote this POS out for trying to take our healthcare away. This is on him now.
Your a little twerp
Stahp
Stop enabling this mad king!
Thanks for being willing to work with @POTUS, Rand! I'll proudly vote for you again.
I really respect your dad Rand but you hitching a wagon to Trump is inexcusable.
Your celebrating? Really? You have a twisted vision.
RT Buying across State lines is big only if Federal/State laws are changed to prohibit discrimination of people with preexisting conditions.
Is that what you’re calling it? It’s not insurance when you pay for it & it doesn’t cover you when you get sick.
What a spineless sellout you are, especially since you are now crippling many Kyians that the ACA helped. Kiss your senate seat goodbye.
ODU over WKU Friday night!
RT @tedcruz @RandPaul The Health Benefits/Insurance Cos. are the epitome of Crony Corporatism, Corruption, Fraud, & Abuse. #FullRepeal #USA
Weird. When I celebrate, I try not to make the bread & circus cost the tax-payers. Thought you were better than this.
Cringing reading that The F.U.C.K.head @POTUS "allowed" me to do something. YIKES! Better wording might be "repealed illegal dis-allowance?"
Another one going straight to hell!
So nice to see how fast you compromise over yet another golf game while the CA burns, PR starves. Hope he at least gave you a reach around.
Keep government out of healthcare. Period. All of these people talking about politicians taking away healthcare are brainwashed sheep. I don't want a bunch of old white men deciding if my friend can get an abortion or not.
Keep working on it until you give Serfs the choice that DC gets. Wld like to see you pass a Bill that DC MUST follow same Laws>NOT  EXEMPT.

When is that a great need? You two nuts screwed up and ruined having large national risk pools - which is really how to drive down premiums
Fantastic!
Dear Rand, What Federal Law prevented people from buying accross state lines last week?  Or, was this legal already? And, don't lie!!!
He's buttering you up for gun control legislation. HR 3999 is a threat to liberty, not bump stocks.
That’s not going to end well
Senator, would really love to see you sporting an EKU hat soon!!
#Golfing w/ @realDonaldTrump while CA burns, health insurance collapses, Puerto Rico suffers, Green Berets come home. You're the swamp.
Playing golf with the narcissistic excuse for a president. You should be ashamed to celebrate millions being hurt by this action. Shame!
It's not repeal but it's a good start.
The problem with Healthcare has always been that it is not an open free and transparent market.
couldn't get the job done, so he had to resort to yet another EO. Sets a bed example for the next administration!
By golfing? 
Stop it with all the golf.
SHAME on you ! Karma is coming!
For what? Allowing more options and competition, driving down prices?  Oh how dare him
How are insurance companies in Louisiana going to form health care professional groups and accurate physician databases in New Jersey? BS!
Finally! Thank God!
Allowing insurance across state lines is a good thing.
Agreed! Maybe I will be able to afford Health Insurance again. I have had none since Obummercare became law. @RandPaul  @POTUS
FINALLY!!! Unlock the power of the free market.....
Don’t drink the juice, Rand!
- I'm happy also - Time to end the tyranny called O-Care.
any1 els noticing how many that werent working WITH trump that ARE now???=showing that all repubs arent rinos or rednosers|
Why don’t you donate your salary to charity like Trump???
Thank you @RandPaul. The free market will always do better than government ran programs.
Congratulations you can get health insurance but don't get sick
I want to know how many ppl work 24/ with zero time off?
Two evil doers possessed by the devil. Sad.
Nancy Pelosi said on ABC this Week that that provision already exists in the ACA.  Is she wrong?
Great decision Rand!  We are very excited. Thank you! 
Cheese eater.  If you do not know what it means look it up.  It is close to kissing someone's butt
What's it feel like to be a spineless POS like the rest of u good ol white boy's. He humiliate u yet u belly up.Have some self respect.
RT @realDonaldTrump @RandPaul This E.O. & Rand Paul's stupid plan does absolutely nothing to fix the real problems with #Healthcare. #ACA
Sell out!!! Sad!!!
Love the photo. Great news for many. Here's a map showing premium increases.
#medicareforall  16 million Canadians can't be wrong. @GOP
Exactly! @realDonaldTrump and the @GOP are letting other countries beat us. Is this #winning ? #MAGA ?
National markets will drive down prices with stronger competition.  Seriously guys, basic principles of supply & demand! I love this!
You both are evil, nasty men for being so gleeful abt making health insurance too expensive for millions. Hell has a place for both of you.
"I won't be bribed or bullied..."
Golf, though, is totally different.

Are you also as excited about the Millions that are losing the low income assistance? Just trying 2 figure out how callous you really are...
Thanks Senator, there are 100 of you and you are the only one who made a difference!
Senator.  My GF works in health care and is a lifelong Berkeley liberal.  And she thought your idea was excellent.  Good luck.
Both of you resign ASAP. That would make America Great!
@SenRandPauI  and thank you Senator
It's a start
