
1/Trump's move to stop CSR payments to insurance companies hits Trump-won (red + most purple) states harder than blue. 
False.  The Rand Paul plan will allow the return of "sham" health insurance plans with massive deductibles, sold across state lines.  This will undermine the Obamacare exchanges, because healthy young people will take the cheap sham plans instead.
What’s it to you if I WANT a “cheap sham” health plan?...
Don't you love it how liberals "look out for us" to death? They hate when the free market solves an issue they previously could politicize
How are things in St Petersburg this evening?
ask Hillary
? is where on the mkt can u find this ins? that are in groups and across state lines? no one knows how to find this
Why not cut out the insurance companies? That would be provide more efficient health care....Instead of enabling the rent collectors.
If young & healthy. Not solving anything, you are further pushing the ppl who need the coverage to the gutter.

So you are liar and a white nationalist,, white are going to hate high priced healthcare too 
BOOM! There is that tired and worn race card again.  Libs calling names when they lose the argument.
Recorded that breitbart works with known white nationalists documented by emails. BOOM
Got a link from a reputable source?
Who do you call reputable
That is what I thought - you have no facts.  Just spewing BS.

Not helping individual contractor
http://surpay.site/?r=247276 
That's funny. I thought you were of the opinion that the president just doing whatever he wants via exec order was a bad thing.
Actually, the people seem to want single payer health care:
Because government intervention within our healthcare system has been so successful. VA?  Only stupid people want that.
Only stupid people don't want a single payer approach. Smart people want this worry taken out of their lives.
Are you mad? Smart?  handing their health care over to the same people who in another dept. killed an entire river and ecosystem? #dumbidea
I'm too smart to make sense of your unintelligible comment.
Cute response. Text book, but cute.
#MedicareForAll is what's wanted by majority of Citizens, but do inform us about "very small groups joining together". We'll be asking you.
But but.. What about 45*, I thought he was the king. Damn it's hard to keep this stuff straight.
FINALLY!! Something to make the insurance companies work for us, not vice-versa
Executive actions defeat the purpose of having the other branches of government.
Other branches that do their damn job defeat the purpose of executive actions.
Well friend when you make loop holes for your guy the next guy wont hesitate to use them. Tread carefully.
I don't like it but it would be nice if the democrat controlled congress could put the conservative agenda on Trumps desk, Oh Wait!
Insurance for associations works great. My husband buys life insu through state assc of CPAs. If not distrubited get a check back every year
Since we did this We need a Regulation to prevent a monopoly and a cap on premiums by poverty line @POTUS
How to trigger liberals- take away other ppls $
Yes! The way it should be!
all the millions of americans going it together would be single payer.
Profit-driven intermediaries reduce, delay, overcharge, &/or minimize providing health care, —>undermining health and longevity.  @KPShare
If only we had every American on the same insurance to make it as cheap as possible. Imagine how much more affordable it would be then.
Did you forget the Hippocratic Oath when you sold your soul?
#ProtectOurCare #GeeksResist
He's an Ophthalmologist you idiot lib. And he often works for free in poor countries.
If I were you guys I would have a brother or Fam make a Federal INS Co to compete with them Nationally so they dont exploit @POTUS
My question to the Senate is how we could approve a bill that paid INS co's 7bil to keep premiums down and a share pay of 5bil @POTUS
You always fold on your principles, always.
You and the President are on the right track. Keep it up.
Please allow people to use their HSA money for direct primary care!
Great idea!!
Yes this has been introduced a few times as a bipartisan bill and has gone nowhere. Think was put into recent Cassidy bill and then cut.
Hoping and praying 
Brilliant!!!!!  Thank you!   Please keep supporting Trump.  Work on his agenda and yours......this is what I voted for.  Cooperation.
You WANT people to be denied for pre-existing conditions?

Monster.
.@RandPaul: "I’ve been working with President Trump & his Cabinet for months to get this done"
He sure is a loser... selling out the Am ppl!!
You Failed  by kneeling to #dotard on Stripping Millions Of ’s Of Health Care! 2018 You will Feel ’s Rage! Absolutely disgusting! 
The ACA is guilty of stripping insurance from millions and increasing the premiums and deductibles for even more millions. Stop w/the lies.
Oh, Dick is back!  Your #dotard just Himself & the Republican Party!  I am cracking up bc Your Anal Warts will No longer be covered!
Single payer nightmare, no thanks.
As a small business we belong to home builders Association.Hope they band together again for small businesses to offer insurance like before
Us too! Small business owners were shafted more than others by Obamacare.
Are you a Russian Bot?
Look, I’m no Republican, but calling people Russian bots is not how you win arguments.
Look at that profile.  No Human is attached to that account.
But this is so simple, why couldn’t you have passed a law? Seeing @RandPaul laud an executive order seems odd.
Insurance companies would lobby Congress and never allow it.  The individual market is where insurance companies charge the most.
Trump has removed all consumer protections and you let him so save you words on this.
Returned freedom to choose to the people-you’re pro-choice, right?
Oh great a return to a choice of snake oil or the other snake oil this isn't about freedom We need Universal HC it saves $ & works better!
No, remember Charlie Gard, I want to decide when & what treatment I get
Need free market to lower premiums and offer variety of plans—good plan!! Gov can help subsidize pre exiting conditions separately
People with PECs can join HAs with this EO.  Much cheaper option vs individual market.
This Executive Order does not take away any subsidies.
This isn't scrapping the ACA either.
Why is it for only associations and groups and not individuals?
We need more like you in Gov.
What if u r wrong. Millions are SCREWED.
Those are nice words, but sadly, those in with the means and with the power will find a way to capitalize at our expense. History has shown us that is always the way. Look at the #bankingderegulation. Look at the the #lottery. #KHEAs money only produced higher tuition cost  Sad
Hey, Rand...forget it...you are never going to be President.
Rand, many who work for city governmments will still get the shaft.  These cities are operated and managed by Obama lefty shills.
Then it's up to each city to get rid of those leaders. Wish I knew how I live in Ca. 
so I feel your pain.
They will not participate unless forced.  They want high prices.  Bureaucracy.
Don't act like you have helped matters,  you have continued to be against everything the president does
I'm all for this but given the lag b/t EO and reg approval/implementation we should expect some upheaval.

You're delusional.  Apples to apples comp plans will cost more.  Crap plans less.
You just hurt people in your home state . I hope they finally wake up and vote u out
Thanks
RT @realDonaldTrump @RandPaul #Trump & #Paul plan screws over all people with preexisting conditions. #USA #Americans #ACA #Healthcare #AHCA
We need Tort reform - it is costing us $100's of billions in unnecessary expense
You have American blood on your hands.
Rand I understand u want to stand by your ideology but u need to start being a little more flexible for the whole country’s benefit!
Will any part of Obama's presidency endure? I don't see it. Thank God.
If you make this happen with Trump, i take back all the mean things I said about you !!! Keep up the GOOD work....don't stop here !!!
Great work!
Thx for caving. We knew you’d eventually turn from a thinker to a Trump guy. #fallinline
I foresee a lot of subpar insurance coverage our there, but at least you'll be able to claim the Americans are insured. Hopefully I'm wrong.
@JoshMillerKY Only choice liberals support is killing unborn babies, but not allowing cheap health insurance choices across state lines.
Please show me where I said anything about not supporting that.
you fail to take into account ALL of the ins regulations from state to state that will sink your agenda.
ur kidding right? You are using the 1st amend to further ur point? Doublespeak at its best! Nonsense!
Rich are king. Poor go with out healthcare.
Sen. Paul pl ask POTUS 2 include in d tax reform d elimination of seniors' SS pension dbl taxation. They need a break!
You’re a miserable person to take away healthcare from millions of American citizens. You need to resign and live on an island so your libertarian ass doesn’t have to bother anyone AGAIN!!!!
Thank you @RandPaul for working for the American tax payers with our #POTUS. A breath of fresh air in the swamp.
Can't wait to see this blow up in your faces! I recall time before The ACA people were losing their shirts over emergency care! #Disgraceful
Could be.
You know yourself that this is worst than what you feel ACA is. I sir hope you lose your seat. #anotherdchypocrite
A crank like @RandPaul should be put in a padded cell where you can rant all day!
Thank you, thank you, thank you. For your hard work & perseverance. Thank you
Rand. Can you quit being a self interested twat and get behind the President please.  You don’t have to love him but get behind him!
Thank you Rand, finally, someone who puts the people above bitterness (McCain, Dems)
EO's are temporary. But I guess it's a start.
Great job Rand Paul. Thanks 2 you & President Trump we can do away with many government regulations & restrictions on health care insurance.
If poor kentuckians lose their healthcare Rand you want be reelected it's about us the people not the big insurance companies remember that
Can you tell me how to do this?
We have been waiting a very long time for this .
Actuaries don't care about group size, they'll just change their underwriting requirements to reflect the will of the carrier, profit.
Glad to have you on board.

Make hospitals/doctors show prices like a menu along with patient satisfactory results and watch consumers bring prices down.  Tort reform 2
Failing ACA must go They shoved it down our throats Everything abt it was lie&illegal I don't believe in social medicine TY Rand Paul! #MAGA
Can we get a single policy for ourselves; or is it group only?
Thank you Senator Paul! And of course Thank you @POTUS !
Just do the INSURANCE REFORM that you needed to do in the first place b/f the MORE FRAUD takes place.
I love you! Might be too simple and logical for some to grasp that it's good. But this is huge! 
Great, how long before we can point out that you haven't solved the problems with the system? band-aids will not work.
The bigger issue - You have now super-endorsed executive orders.  Trump will wear out his pen and you will have aided his obsession.
Thank you @RandPaul @POTUS MAJOR help to all America + defeating Obama-Dem-Leftist-@GOP Socialist attempt to destroy . @CR @BreitbartNews
@StockMonsterUSA This Going 2 prove 2 be very lucrative.Can  open up many avenues 4 competitive pricing more bang 4 ur buck! OC
Now jail hillary and build the damn wall 1 2 3!
I saw you get the pen. Well deserved.
Great job Senator Paul. Thank you for fighting for the people.
But will you act with President Trump in tax cuts/reform? Hope so...
I don't know why the government is involved in this anyway. Who needs an executive order? Just get the fxxking government out of the way!
How does an individual get into a group plan?
You are a monster. At least you don't pretend to be a follower of Christ.
Congratulations!
Keep dreaming, little dreamer. That is not how people do things. Except blue collar union members. Who are not your favorite.
I'm an insurance actuary, this isnt going to bring premiums down. No insurer is going to take on this mess.
Senator, because of your obstruction the President had to use EO , dont insult us with your cheerleading.
Total lack of integrity as you form an unholy alliance with this unscrupulous empty vessel @realDonaldTrump to create the worst health care.
Total Bullshit and you know it.
#ThankYou for helping #America

#MAGA

#BuildTheWall

@realDonaldTrump
Welcome to the new HEALTHCARE SYSTEM. HAHAHA
Millions will die due to your evil
I think this is a step in the right direction. True competition, in a capitalistic society, often lowers prices.
Thank you
You're making a bet with  millions of lives. See you at the voting booth Nov 18!
Congratulations good job ..
We'd like your insurance, Senator.
Chew chew chew.  That’s me eating my tweets.  Good luck with tax reform
This is great news!
Can't wait to see what comes next from this partnership! 
HOW DOES THIS COMPARE TO THE HEALTHCARE PLANS THAT YOU AND THE REST OF CONGRESS RECEIVE?
Thank you Rand Paul now LETS PASS TAX REFORM BEFORE YEARS END#RESIGNMITCHMCCONNEL
Hope you are right and hope it works!
OCARE is designed to be a disincentive to make more money...libs want you poor and subservient... PAYING BACK IRS SUCKS ..
You sold out the Am people!! They will get inadequate care and you know it!!!
Work with Trump! Stop the argument! Come on we need you!!
We know who you are, you don't need to be in the spot light!! Your too smart for this
I've been says this for months so awesome. Insurance companies will have to adapt or go out of business
Git er dun!!!
Doubtful...
So glad @POTUS accepted your plan. He's right. Now that's progress!
Please vote your response:
POTUS Trump signed Executive Order today allowing Americans to buy Health Insurance across state lines. I think:
https://youtu.be/_wLJ3PAVxmw  when are you guys going to address this
Awesome - thanks for your perseverance Sen. Paul.
Thank you Sen Paul for all your hard work.
Good job Senator.
You done good, now kill the gun ban before it starts
First one in line!
Show me a yes vote on something
Thankyou! My Ky. Senator
Thanks Rand!
You just set yourself up to be Trumps patsy as insurance markets fail and people start to die. Shame on you.
YES!!  THANKYOU, RAND!
*Not trying to sound like a whiny douche lib*.Is this constitutional?But how many times under Obama did we question the legality of exec ord
Thank you to the people of the great state of Kentucky for electing this man!
I call bullshit millions of people's premiums are about to go through the roof get back with us when your constituents start bitching
I'm glad your working for Kentucky and our nation!
If it doesn't go through Congress + actually become law, it's just risking leaving people in limbo w/ next president. #DACA all over again.
Not at all. We can #DeportThemAll. Enforce US laws for a change. BTW Congress failed to pass a 'Dream Act' for past 17 yrs. Yawn. RIP #DACA
Great idea.  (Except for the fact that the next president can erase it just as easily as this EO made it happen.)  @WilkowMajority
Does this mean congress will no longer be a “special small business” that is exempt and you’ll live under the same law as the people???
I was hoping something could provide more immediate relief, we are expecting 30% increase (an additional $6000/yr). Praying for 2019
I'm so proud of you your perseverance really paid off I'm sure your dad is proud
Keep pushing on!!!!
Thank you sir!
Good job Rand. Nice to see you finally on the President’s side.
Opening the doors to competition in the business and allowing young people to participate at will will create Revenue driving pricing down
Sure.
Great job Senator! I may move to KY so I can vote for you! Really!
Thank u 4 your persistence in convincing Pres.Trump of ways to improve HC. Insurance regulation is also a must. Deductibles r killing us.
Right on Sen. Dr. Paul, if it takes exec. orders to get common sense things done, then even if it's a tad Obama like. We want action!
actually all this does is allow sm biz to buy junk policies. You better hope you don't work ... http://tmi.me/1fjPhr 
Why don't we go to a national sales TAX or a flat tax?
You are a politician 
A guy with FREE, Cadillac plan, on our dime
Celebrating taking people off care in most sneaky way

Just a politician
I had insurance with Direct Selling Assoc. b/f Obamacare tripled my premiums! Thank you
GOP exempted selves from Obamacare-awarded selves gilded plans in perpetuity-PAID FOR by those stuck w/high$$ exhorbitant deductibles plans
Thank you Sen. for being the go-to guy on this, and making this an option. I am from KY - is nice to have at least 1 KY Senator with guts.
I don't think he can do this with an EO. It may get challenged. They say it will raise costs to seniors and others.  Don't assume anything.
as a indep ins agent who specializes in hcare&majmedins to famownedsmallbiz (2-20ftee) i await the details on these assoc plans,,,
Far from free-market Senator. This just favors one class of Americans over another. The only ones who benefit are the lawyers.
Thank you Rand.
so you two are pretty cool?  Geez @RandPaul ..
Nope - not even close. Didn’t work prior to ACA won’t work now. But of course you believe in HC Darwinism...
STAND WITH RAND!!!!!!!!! HE'S THE MAN!!!!
Rand I'm really REALLY glad you're too busy conning voters to expose patients to your chronically poor character & judgement.
Thank you!!!!!
How about a discussion on Veterans having their benefits cut.  A little quiet on that one Senator.
Now we, the people need you sir, to get on board with Trump's Tax reforms
Great Job @RandPaul @realDonaldTrump @POTUS  to continue fighting for American People. Now lets strip away NFL non profit status. #MAGA
Trump helping the poor? Never they said!
Thank You very Much. and this is the way to handle this problem and others. One improvement at a time. I have another for you.
This is good
Any msm outlets talking about this?
Rand could work with Trump to get free college and free healthcare for all and the left would still chastise him.
Amen Rand Paul Constitutional Hero !! 
So when can you start making changes to Canada's healthcare?
YES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Call it the MAGA plan.
Possible to create such a group?
