You've relentlessly supported the party which ran up trillions in deficits, while opposing the President who balanced the budget.
Does that include opposing a bogus tax reform bill that adds trillions to the deficit?
That should make you a no on tax cuts for rich.
If they have use loopholes, don't give them cuts, or they can pay the full amount of the tax cut, which I assure you will be a lot.
Excellent what you want to does U.S. SENATOR MR. RAND PAUL
Rand I can bend money with my thoughts, it’s a skill th US wants.
The US wants. Please let me show you live
i wish you were trustworthy
You guys are so far off balancing the budget
how do you do tax reductions with massive deficits
When will you get REAL results? Nothing but theater and you helping the Democrats win. We're not stupid.
How you you gonna balance our Our National deficit???  Hint:  Go Green, and feed and supply the world!  And Country thatcant pay, lease soil
Trump faces key deadline on Russia sanctions
Excellent, when will congress start the evaluation/ examination?
Import tariffs 
#1) End the "Former Presidents Act". #2) cut government departments in half. #3) eliminate the $134 billion to illegals each year.
Just can't seem to get right, can you !
Tax cuts and increased spending will do it.
We are counting on tax cut will produce job creation, more tax, more job, and more money in your pockets, is a 3 way deal.
Tax plan is toast already.
So you oppose this tax plan? The numbers don't add up.
can you see Osama giving trillions of dollars to the French? we owe 20 trillions now, he was stealing and we said nothing, but for Trump wow
What about changing our gun laws or do u take money from the nra too?  Coward
Why would anyone not want to is the question we responsible people continue to ponder.
Hey Rand, Nation States can read your mind, check it out, should we pair up and do something about it :-) https://instagram.com/p/BYbiDRbFvJ4/ 
I'll tell you what Senator, I'm a lifelong Democrat but I like you. Someone in DC needs to stand for what's right and you do it better
Hell I am a constitutional conservative and like Rand Paul. Reduce the debt now. No tax reform for the rich or crazy infrastructure spending
I think there's too many senators, representatives, and our beloved President that try to ignore the constitution when it suits there agenda
So you oppose the tax reform in the House?
the true, not sure what it looks like, they should let us see, of course i want lower taxes only for the people that pay taxes w/o loopholes
Is that what you've been doing? I thought you were just bomb throwing and wrecking any chances for anyone to get any work done.
what are you doing for your country Larry? is this what you are doing?
Please, by all means, keep doing that. It will be your country's suicide.
That should've been said when Osama was giving Trillions of dollars to ISIL, right before he left, w/o congress consent, FELONY, he is free?
You didn't do worth a damn during the 8 Obama years.
Oh you know,the dude who stood 13 hours to block unconstitutional measures, the guy who questioned Obama’s SSA gun restrictions did nothing?
@RandPaul a real Constitutional scholar....    To understand his move, see power of the purse...
The reason @BarackObama didn't see this coming, is because the founders hid power to spend in Art 1, Sec 9, Clause 7 of the Constitution...
Barack is an impostor born in Kenya, head organizer of the terrorist group call ISIL, he gave billions of dollars for support HE IS A NIGGER
You guys are giving out money away faster than you can print it. If Congress can't operate on a budget, shit it down; you don't accomlish
wait a minute, Rand Paul have more work ethics that any republican I know, he is a true American he may have a few falls but none is perfect
How can we cut taxes 4 Wealthy & Rich Corporations with 4 Hurricanes & the whopping cost in helping FL, TX,PR,USVI?What about debt & Deficit
It's "Trump's Trickle Down Economics" save Huge Corporations, Billionaires,huge Estates their fair share of tax 2 run gov't & add to Deficit
It is so frustrating. I am fiscally conservative and socially liberal... No political party for me I guess
We are all created equal, that is important, and God is never late, We Trust in God not governments, politics are just a fear card.
My family needs a tax cut to pay for Obamacare. That’s frankly all that matters to me.
what happened with open markets, citizens choices, why does government have to run health care, is not a business, we are people not things.
please don't do tax reform,it's a nightmare for this middle class family
I love Rand Paul
The tax reform must address the 20 trillion debt and a plan to reduce it or the tax plan should not pass.
No bills will be passed before 2018. None. If we are lucky we will have more GOP seats in 2018. We need term limits. The corruption is sick.
Convention of states . Require a balanced budget &term limits. Washington will never change without both. The Senate we have now is proof.
Thank you
Please don't be the fly in the ointment
At what point do you become a team player Rand? Your personal concerns are getting us nowhere.
Leader proposes TRILLION dollar revenue thru social-networking surcharge fee, while lowering Taxes!! https://americans4innovation.blogspot.com/2017/09/leader-proposes-trillion-dollar-revenue.html …
You have been proven dishonest, trusting you will not be easy. Time will tell
Nice newsletter today on the demilitarization of local police armories.
Balancing the Budget may not be the best thing you can do. Maybe saving American lives matter more than the money. Try increasing the tax rate on the top 1% and see what happens. Take 70% of their earned income. Real Repulbicans did in the 50's and American grew and prospered.
Since Trump's plan reduces federal revenue by $2.4 trillion over ten years I guess you'll vote no. That's great news. I can't afford taxes
So you are willing to raise taxes, or inflate the myth that lower taxes will increase income? Cut the Pentagon? Take money from needy?
AMEN!
That hand gesture ALWAYS remind me of high school biology class picture that rumbunctious boys use -& nothing else- WHAT CAN SENATE SHOW ME?
We are at3.1 % growth  9/30/17 !!   That will pay for tax cuts. Tax cuts along with encouragement will increase the job market, lower unemployment and freatly grow federal revenue.  Americans want independence.
Don't keep waiting for rumors of end times but rather keep repenting sins and charity to others. Just follow Jesus.
#StandWithRand
Shocking not a talking point during election. Democrat way....feels good let's do it doesn't matter if we can't pay for it or doesn't work.
You are an idiot
Actually, you've been a laughing stock since day 2 and will continue  to be so. So extreme you're a non-player. Keep up the good work, lol.
Why do you have (R) by your name when you always side with the (D)?
HAHAHAHAHA YEAH RIGHT. BUT YOU STILL VOTED FOR THE GRAHAM/CASSIDY HEALTHCARE INSURANCE, WHEN YOU SAID THAT YOU WAS NOT GOING TO VOTE FOR IT.
If only they would listen...
And #EndtheFed please.
Campaign ad
"Never trust a man that can't be honest with his own hair"  -  Anonymous
To balance the budget you have to A) cut spending, B) raise revenues, C) Shrink Government.  I have seen none of that. Just Opposite!
Stop fighting and win, Senator
Unfollowing. Truly disappointing. Told you not to drink the water.
Demand we get rid of base lined budgeting and return the budget to 1990s levels domestic spending when Clinton was in office.
The "balanced budget" in the 90's was accounting gimmick. Roth IRAs allowed future tax dollars to be captured in the current year.
Add this to your list of what won't be accomplished Sen. Paul. You seem to be turning into another RINO & fighting your own party. UGH!
Sorry Rand Paul that you are the only adult in our government
You want to"balance" the budget, fight for #GlassSteagall
#EndTheFed
Balancing the budget by not spending on American citizens. But hey if it profits the Semate let's spend.

You haven't done a thing
https://youtu.be/GqLacFZQGQg 
Ahhh, the elected official.
You better be fighting for our President who we the people elected.  We are draining the swamp and your included. Be part of MAGA or bye bye
yes, and nothing will get done, until you get your way.
Balance wealthy getting tax break Distroying mid low poor. KY people screwed by Paul.
VOTE OUT Paul & McConell + all GOP Reps sabotaging ACA
-YES. BECAUSE YOU WANT YOUR NAME ON IT !!!
I would for sure.
Repeal Obama Care.
With the state of the budget, I wouldn't be saying that I fought for balance as you would be admitting to failure. It's nowhere balance.
Tell us how do you pay out the deficit?
Grow a pair and compromise
You'll find a reason to vote http://no.You 're Mr. No in  the Senate. Sorry, you are Mr.  I saved ObamaCare thanks senator.
You should be ashamed
Repeal Lautenberg.
You waste time and get nothing done.  What has your fight accomplished?
The only person you fight for Is You Feel Sorry for A selfish Person like You
You also said that you would repeal and replace. Hmmm... all talk ?
Perhaps a good place to start is fixing healthcare. Quit stealing from Medicaid for $ to support the "new" Medicaid recipients!
How about repealing ObamaCare?
If Rand Paul is a great Conservative, why does he always end up on Chuck Schumer's side?
Stand up for President Trump. He is fighting for us , he needs your help. Mitch and Ryan have let us down.
It would take decades of sacrifice and discipline to rid ourselves of a $20T deficit.
MC/GDP at 135.8%...2008 still on the books at Fed. :(
Your stubbornness just ensured we will be stuck w/Obamacare.  Govt is abt compromise if the ideal cant be reached, to get to a better place.
You are also campaign to be President in 2020, who you think UR fooling? PPL lost trust in government, That is Y @POTUS won, we want change
Yeah yeah yeah I hear a lot of fighting but no compromising with this do nothing congress
BS. Grandstanding.
Pass SOMETHING that AIDS struggling AMERICANS! It's been over 10 years of stagnant income with increased expenses!
Try getting your colleagues to vote on some of those bill from congress. They won’t go away.
That is good, however I REALLY hope you will make compromise on tax bill, NEED GOOD JOB OPPORTUNITIES NOW. Go for Balanced Budget Amendment.
Yea sure Senator DO NOTHING
Young Sir Paul
We all have eyes on you, sir!!!
This would be fantastic! 
I know many of you are tired of @RandPaul but ... I'm praying this will happen. AND RAND VOTES YES on #TaxReform  https://twitter.com/charliekirk11/status/913732916081020928 …
Oye.  A never-Trumper like Collins and McCain.
Stand up to Trump, Spending Cuts then appropriate Tax Cuts.
#ThrowbackThurday was yesterday
Go have lunch with Roy @MooreSenate when he gets there. You guys aren't always going to agree but you will be good help for one another.
Thank you for what you are doing!  How long before Mitch is replaced? Hurry on that please.
Restoring constitutional government isn't going to happen overnight. Alabama is sending you some help. Baby steps are better than nothing.
whooopeee!
He's Right!
#balancethebudget
#stopfighting and pass legislation.
Seems your goal is to make sure that no major Bill passes!
Don't stop everything for principal.   Do the best you can for the American people and continue the good fight
You are winning me over
Okay that's great.
Your only one senator and blocking the agenda. Your getting paid to obstruct. Get over trumps debate comments.were hurting u pay 0  4insur
If that has anything to do with healthcare  why. not just say it.  If it is not the only reason please tell us all of them #FlashbackFriday
So correct, get it done Rand !
Your a good man but you can't do nothing and continue to obstruct.
Your a fraud, look up his donors. Vote out grand stand PAUL
Tax riches
Sure you have and your nose just grew another 2 inches.
I hope you vote yes for tax reform not like health care.
#EndTheFed
Close your mouth, stop fighting and get something done.
Get onboard with our healthcare or use obamacare yourself
Get government out of healthcare
Heritage Foundation points out with new tax reform and lower cost of govt  programs debt can be repaid
Were you fighting for a balanced budget when you proposed a $190 Billion dollar defense spending increase in an attempt to pander to the Republican base?

Not the best way to show you are principled, much less a “Libertarian”.
Spend more on the military and less on social programs,we have to many of them, just creates lazy people
We have too much military spending. Spend more money here and create more jobs.
What OF! the *mandate*, senator? Until I'm no longer *required* to purchase insurance, I'm still chattel in the eyes of the Fed bureaucracy
I appreciate. But you always make good the enemy of perfect.
Balance the budget after you get help for Americans. Pass Tax Cuts NOW! Ky will remember if you don't help them, they won't vote for you. 
Ky. constituents are hurting. You need to get tax cuts passed to help these families. Both parents working&are 1 crises from bankruptcy.
Stop giving subsidies to the NFL, use that money to pay down debit! not hard to figure what our tax dollars should & shouldn't be funding!
YES, We desperately need that done ASAP! "WE THE PEOPLE" SUPPORT THAT AS WELL! AS SOON AS WE START SEEING JOBS EXPLODE I BELIEVE WE WILL!
I am with you bro, take down that monster of a bill
By taxing us more! Vote for Trumps tax reform and stop your wasteful spending!
Buy #Bitcoin #Dash #bitshares
The budget would already be balanced if it were a cashless society.
Just like Obama care
K/J STOLEN 43 TRILLION FROM U.S TROUGH THE FED'S, THAT IS OVER TWO TIMES  OUR NATION DEBT
This only shows you and the Republicans are not sincerer or not competent?
If dollar increase in the debt is a tax on all the citizens. If you make 6 times my  salary you should pay 6 times my taxes.
Hahaha 
How long have you been fighting? No results means one thing wrong strategy
It's funny, that all we've seen is a NO VOTE from you on everything!!
So how about those tax changes? Are you in or out? What is your plan?
I can't wait to see the market correct with this one move of opening up across state lines
You can't do it. Step aside for someone that can.
Tax cuts are nice. Spending cuts are better.
We must stop the greed.  https://stopgreednow.com/greed-economics-ceo-pay-versus-typical-worker/ …
Aww! Look at that fresh face baby face senator
there is a difference between 'fighting to do something' and 'got it done'
20 trillion debt is more important why does Congress ignore that 300 billion dollar in interest a year Stupid
Audit the Pentagon.
The fact that you all have to "come to grips with what should the government be doing" is utterly unbelievable and disheartening.
I am always aware of my responsibilities  in my job and my personal life... why aren't you all?  I usually stand with you, sir, but really??
Which would mean you've failed to do so since day one....
If you mess up the tax cut like you did health care you will deserve tar and feathering. You're not leading or following so get outta d'way!
What budget? Has the US GUBMAFIA had an operating budget in the last 10 years?
So are you voting against these tax cuts that are going to balloon the deficit?
see? mr. PAuls, belief in free rights for gain against neighbors in need makes your kind the perennially boorish Underman life killers
How are u going to do it with this tax plan????
You are too good to be true. Why aren't more Senators like you (& congressmen). You are a treasure.
Rand, buddy! You aren't wrong but sometimes you have prime the pump.
1/  Until true conservatives form a coalition and take the Senate Majority Leader position, nothing you SAY will matter.  It's....
2/   ....just a show as long as you support McConnell !  Organize!  Take control! 
...OR get out of the way!
looks like you been fighting all right...CRUEL to throw people to profit bloated wolves Suck'g Life Down, liv'g to suck even more next year.
Guess your a no here because you think your ideas are the most perfect. Too bad
Then your a yes vote for tax cuts!
you're the obstructionist. Get behind POTUS really disappointed in you
Keep it up. Thank you.
Sen. Paul you are like a fountain of fresh water inside the muddy swamp of DC. Keep pressing on N stand firm. please Don't ever B a sellout
It is crazy to me that officials won't even agree to balance the budget. No home in USA can spend more than it makes (or steals as in taxes)
Keep moving forward and do not sign on with the tRump tax cuts.  Reduce government? Ok.  Reduce taxes for the wealthy? Absolutely NO
I like a lot of what I hear from you Senator.  I am especially supportive of your ideas on the Korean Peninsula
Babyface... Keep up the good fight!
