Why don't the House and Senate just pass the repeal bill they passed - and bragged about passing - in 2015?

because it was a lie
You are correct Chris they never Intended on repealing it and still don't it's to big of a money grab for the Congress just like SS
They had no problem passing repeal bills when they knew Obama would veto them
Because they know repeal would explode the cost of insurance for everyone & bring back lifetime caps, preexisting condition & rescission.
um, the cost of insurance HAS exploded. or have you not been paying attention.
The increases have been less than pre-ACA and are tied to Republican refusal to address pool issues.

Why is that?

because the government (meaning the 50% of us who actually PAY taxes) pay for most of it

Funny how that works, huh?
no need for a statement, you lied when you said you would repeal Obamacare, nothing else you say matters.
Why Repeal & Replace when we can Revitalize & Restore Healthcare for ALL!? America home of the brave. Act it!
Where again does the constitution direct the federal government to care for everyone, cradle to grave?
I don't need the constitution to tell me decency is in helping others in need. Do some soul searching.
@marilyngster The welfare system is designed to help children, seniors, & lift fams when in need.
Obama signed 22 million people into Medicaid that have no reason to be on it. That robs people of the drive to succeed.
Stop being full of !
Obama was handed a failing economy; greatest recessions.
What did you expect him to do?
Good. Hope more will follow... they should just allow Obamacare to implode since they lack the spine or the will to honor their 7 yr promise
Yeah let Obamacare implode- aka let me keep my health insurance that my employer offers bc of ACA mandates.
$850 mo premium, $7500 deductible, no subsidy. Let it fail.
These folks who live off everyone else don't give a crap because they aren't paying their own way.
Yeah. I actually pay my premiums every month, show up to work every day, and have paid taxes since I was 15. But nice try.
Is your premium as much as your car or house payment ? Mine is because of Ocare. My deductible is so high my insurance is worthless.
So what did you have before the ACA?
I'm gonna assume that Clemson Girl was on her parents insurance plan until recently.. .
Well, this is a binary decision. A no vote is a yes vote for Obamacare and socialized medicine. Please remember this at election time
Well hopefully this opens the door to some bi-partisan negotiations then
Bipartisan = single payer. Watch.
Bi partisan does not equal single payer and if that's what they want to do Dem will get nowhere, Dems can act like adults now and fix #aca
The rep are in power and can't get it done.  The Dems will get in power and we will have single payer in 6 yrs
At least we delayed it by six years. Coming to a theater near you soon.
at that point, the U.S. will lose the honorable distinction of being the only advanced country without universal health care.  what a shame!
But at what cost?  Why are they concerned about global temp in 100yrs but not the national debt in 10!!! Ugh
Thank you
Thank you Sen. Lee!  If only our NE senators would follow suit and realize that last thing we need is another entitlement program
Healthcare is paid for by citizens - it's not an entitlement program.
Good. Now go for #FullRepeal like the entire @GOP promised the voters.
Thank you for putting your constituents and American Citizens first
He's not - he's putting insurance companies first.
They all are! Even the insurance companies are against this bill. Must be a real bad bill if insurance Co not supporting
Please Mr.Lee, fight for full repeal and free market reforms.
Pack your bags. We are sending u permanently home.
Here's my explanation as to why you oppose: you've been a Never Trumper all along.
Thank you for putting country over party. You made the right choice!
Unfortunately his NO vote isn't opposition to the enormous tax breaks for the wealthy or the common sense #ACA protections

#NotAHero
There's few heroes in government right now. As long as this thing dies a painful death, even if it's by their own corrupt hands.
Thank you!  I wish more in your party would stand up for Americans.
Thank you, Senator. Pleaae continue to fight for the agenda Republicans proposed and promised to enact in order to get our votes.
#Repeal it NOW  ! You are playing politics just like #Rinos you are no better ! #Obstructionist
If you're not part of the solution, then you're part of the problem.
Thank you for standing w Americans that put you and President Trump in office, full repeal and Feds get out of health insurance business
Because you want worse and more expensive healthcare?
You will vote no because of the pharmaceutical companies who want you to push more opioids into the bill it's pathetic ,you dems paid by them
It's simple the bill SUCKS
Liar
Thank you Senator Lee!
Thank you Sir for Standing for We The People
I guess you didn't read his statement...
All people will see is another broken promise from the GOP and Democrats will take control...on your head!
I strongly believe basic health CARE needs to be affordable. I believe the health INS. compnies need to be removed from affordbility laws
I disagree with you on why...but I don't care. Thank you for at least, even if I don't agree with you, having some integrity.
Ur statement should be 4 words, I am a coward.
Just REPEAL, Sir! Please!
He is a NO because it WASN'T BAD ENOUGH FOR HIM y'all
I understand what your saying just so happy they aren't taking my kids healthcare away just yet!
Please remember its not over yet, anything can change! Im just as happy as u my Autistic son keeps HC, but the fight continues.
A single-payer system will eventually cut services for your son & others like him. I know.
Not everyone who thought this bill was shit wasnt single payer, yet if u look at every other coutry thats not the case. But hey dont matter
Oopps.. wasnt 4 single payer
Bravo! People must have the liberty to be ruined by the bad-faith dealing of ruthlessly profit-driven insurers.
Support our president Trump
And so you let Obamacare stand.
Did I dream that the GOP sent several full and complete repeals to Obama? WHY NOT NOW?
Then you better submit a bill you can get behind and convince everyone else! We want Obamacare gone.
I don't.  Please don't say "We."
Please vote HELL NO.
He did. Because not enough people would lose coverage. Read his statement.
Are you sure that "coverage" equates to actually hands-on caring healthcare?
congrats. you're not a cold blooded killer today.
Well put senator we need to move back to free market to increase competition and replace the money grab known as Obama care
Thank you Senator. This keeps the hope that our autistic child will continue to receive the level of care he needs.
It's so sad people like Jose think changing or scraping Obamacrap means they won't get care. It actually means kids like mine might...
Preexisting conditions are out under this plan. Please explain how a kid like yours, whatever his ailment, may get care throughout adulthood
My kids don't get healthcare because I can't afford it and I'm not poor enough to qualify for aid. & please show me this exclusion
I'm truly sorry to hear that. If one of your kids were autistic, u would have 2 add almost $5.5k a year in premiums
The key word in that is "likely". You sent a fabricated "copy" of someone's opinion of what this looks like. #hysteria #propaganda
THANK YOU! We want free choice not Government controlled, subsidized healthcare. U r a man of your word
If you want free choice, you don't want insurance companies kicking you off coverage - Sen Lee wants that to happen.
Voting against #BCRA will allow Globalist democrats to get a foothold in Congress. PASS IT; changes can be made later. We want to move on!!!
I don't believe you until I can read the bill myself
He thought it didn't kill enough poor people and disabled children to pay for tax cuts for millionaires - you can read his statement.
@SenToomey you could’ve been a hero like Mr Lee but instead cowardice
You do realize Sen Lee is advocating a more severe, cruel healthcare bill?
We don't need government involved in healthcare, period! Repeal obamacrap and then get out of health insurance altogether!
America thanks you @SenMikeLee ...we won't forget that you put your country first!
He didn't.
That is an assumption not a fact.  The Government shouldn't be involved in healthcare! Each State should be allowed to determine their needs
By the Way ML. No rank and file Republican trusts yall anymore.  I
Thank you Senator Lee
THANK YOU!
Why can't I directly access health care to help myself? Repeal everything and let future generations rebuild big government...
THANK YOU from the bottom of my heart for courageously putting people before party. Because of you, millions of lives will be saved!!
I'm a 5th Gen descendent of Brigham Young. Mormons know how to take care of people. Listen to your heritage. Single Payer is the only way.
Then vote to repeal the beast.  Stop the BS and get to work.
Why not allow to proceed so these issues can be publicly debated.
Don't need to read anything you never planned on helping trumps agenda good luck in 2018
Look for another job
You all should pass a bill that none of you hacks get paid if you don't pass legislature. You all should be tarred and feathered
While I sympathize with ur frustrations with this bill, ur no vote will be one of 4 consigning us to OCare & single payer. U must know this
Repeal. You guys have to knock this out of the park or the GOP is sunk
Are you willing to make drug prices negotiable?
The house will be Democratic in 2018 it's payback in District s Of TrumpCare for TrumpCare Gops that Voted in the house for these Draconian
Excuses are like ......... Don't be one. Fix it make it work.
I'm ashamed of my Senator @SenMikeLee   Won't vote to get this to a negotiation table. Dems win no matter who has majority. #shameful
I will not vote next year. I can't believe you will vote for nothing and keep Obamacare in place. I guess your a vote for pelosi and Schumer
U guys are a joke
Go home and don't come back until you have a plan. Tired of you GOP not keeping your promises! #firethemAll
Thank you.
Disagree with the reasoning, but love the results. One of the few times we have agreed. Thanks Senator!
Making any move to fill the tax hole is better than leaving it where it is now. Reps proving they aren't better than dems with a majority.
THANK YOU! THANK YOU! THANK YOU! THANK YOU! THANK YOU! THANK YOU! THANK YOU! THANK YOU! THANK YOU! THANK YOU!
.@SenMikeLee MY STATEMENT why you voted no. You hate America and don't care that we are suffocating under Obamacare. You are no conservative
The GOP is now DOA in 2018!!!!!!!!!!!
Where are your amendments... oh I forgot we could not even open debate. My only conclusion must be that u plan on repealing the filibuster
repeal it then ! Not doing nothing is a guarantee of not being reelected next year ! We the people are paying attention 

While you are not my senator, I thank you as a US citizen who would have lost coverage. Still, single-payer is the goal.
Single payer? So people can end up like #CharlieGard? Try reading the "Complete Lives System" lives before 16 after 50 will get less care
So, the federally funded murder of the unborn will continue. Maybe you'll do better next year with a Dem controlled Senate. Idiot.
I don't trust your motives but thank you anyway
U shld b ashamed of ur self. Bcs u didn't get exactly what u wanted you're lvng O'care in place the way it is. Shame on you & the others (1)
Thank you thank you thank you! Thank you thank you thank you! Thank you thank you thank you! Thank you thank you thank you! 
Congress is The Ultimate Feckless Clownshow...& you're the Ringmaster.
THANK YOU SIR! Now get your fellow senators on board, please! U R doing the right thing. This will be remembered in 2018 as we vote!
Sen Lee, we want Obamacare repealed. Let the market figure it out in true AMERICAN fashion.
That's it? When can we expect you and Rand Paul to write the magical bill that fully repeals and lowers premiums and gets 50+ votes?
I wish you did it for different reasons but I'm happy you are voting no!
If that's the case REPEAL the whole thing!  Health insurance was Not expensive before ACA! Insurance was never the problem with healthcare!
Thank you! It doesn't go far enough to bring down costs by repealing ACA. It's gotta go if we want affordable healthcare!
Propiesta ono propuesta sontodos una mierda todos ustedes los americanos dan asco
Nobody cares about your statement. Politicians, of both parties, are simply not up to the task. You promised repeal: do it. Replace can wait
Yes, but it's not 2010 anymore so ha! Loophole.
So we can count on your vote for a clean bill to repeal Obamacare?
Now, Kushner's security clearance?
Another waste of taxpayer money!  Senate been crying for yrs - give us the majority, a bill to vote on, a Rep prez - #EPICFAILRINOS #MAGA?
A flat out repeal is even worse. Please don't consider
U guys better come up with something! U were given everything and we are getting nothing back!!
To quote my math teacher: "I don't know how you did it, but you used the wrong formula and got the correct answer."
Sure ole Barack is gleeful--you're making sure we keep it or something just as bad.  At least, Trump has tried--you stooges can't do shit!
Instead of saying no, find a frack n way to say yes! Show them what u will vote 4. What changes does it need to vote yes? B a man tell them.
He said no because it didn't kill enough people- real sweetheart, this guy.
I'm one of the vets that would have died on waiting list! Fortunately I had other insurance! That's gov run care! No shit!
Thank you, thank you!!! This is not dem/repub issue.  These are our lives and the lives of our parents, children, family, friends. Thank you
Thank you.
Well what you have done to correct the challenge except say no?
What can you do to just repeal the ACA and address the outcome if no replacement was implemented?
Yeah right Nancy
I voted for Republicans to REPEAL & REPLACE for years. COWARD! I will NEVER VOTE for a republican again! @realDonaldTrump go after this guy!
I like both Paul & Lee yet u r both dead wrong on this. Ocare needs to go, & this is the best that can be done now. GOP majority gone in '18
Sen @RandPaul has THE best solution to this mess. GOP lacks the balls to stand up to the spec interests by repealing the piece of 
Doesn't matter what the best is, what matters is what can pass.  What they have is close to passing.  Ocare needs to go.
And what is currently being proposed is better than Ocare in many ways.
Much respect Senator. It's so refreshing to see that some people do still have integrity.
God Bless you Mike ! Wish all your colleagues were half as good as you are. Keep up the good work  !
@SenateGOP Don't care why-8+ yrs 2 get it together. All GOP senators need 2 be replaced '18 w/candidates support Trump agenda-2 get it done!
nt interested. U had 7 yrs. U were hired to do the job. Now we can fire you! Pay for your own ins. or get on obamacare.
I for one am sick and tired of the continued dissent and not getting anything done!  Work with your president!  Do your job! Get it done!
My fellow conservatives, I have 3 words we all need to keep in mind over the next months:  SPEAKER NANCY PELOSI!  Scared?  Get to work!!! 
Senator you and the other so called Republicans are a frigging discrace!  Can't get the job done what use are you!
Hey Mike come lately How come it took you so long to decide this?Here's the script:FULL REPEAL now,no replacement take gov out of healthcare
Your politics still suck, but hey whatever scraps the bad @GOP bill!
Why won't you support the president for a change? Damn you and your buddies from Kansas, Maine, and Kentucky!

Thank you Mr Lee!
Meanwhile O-Care-collapsing, states have no providers left,yet premiums exploding on hard working AMs.Govt had no business getting involved.
How about listening to constituents? If what they're saying is they want universal care, find a solution. #DoYourJob #notrumpcare
I will be impressed when u & ur colleagues subject urselves 2 same laws u put on us. Until then, I really don't care what ur "reasons" are
ya buddy.  Way to go people over party!
Its easy to vote No when you know the #killbill is #dying
hear here senator : )
GOP can not get behind the leaders. Dems do that very well & get things done. GOP has too much in fighting for personal agenda not the ppls
Because you are a partisan hack. Thanks for saving ObamaCare. #Fraud
Good grief you are shooting yourself in the foot
Good luck with re-election.
Translation: "I don't want to lose my job."
Thank you.
Thank You!
You are the man! Thank you for representing the people thank you for upholding the constitution.
Senator Lee - Now you and the other leaders need to rally the Senate in passing a real repeal for Obamacare !
Thank you.
THANK YOU, Senator. Your vote means much to millions of Americans.
To the rich, yes it does. He wants a bigger tax break for the 1%. Read his statement.
You frequently mention the rich.  What is your definition of someone who is rich?
Obamacare Mike has a great ring to to.
Why is it you and a couple of other obstructionist only know the word NO!  Damn disgrace!

#FullRepeal
Um, no, it was because it wasn't cruel enough.
Your not a problem solver.  Resign.
Taxes are needed to support #ACA only replacement is single payer.
So your no vote means we are stuck with obamacare. This is pathetic, there is no perfect bill, but it's better than obamacare. Compromise.
you are a dam trader, you need to go!
Thanks for opposing the Better Care Reconciliation Act. Now get to work on real repeal
Thank you for keeping your promise to Republican voters
He promised to kick millions off healthcare and give a tax break to the rich? Do you have a link?
Please please vote no!!! Repeal first!!! HC professionals hate o care and new bill, slow down take x and get right!
So what's your solution, if your not part of the solution then suggest something else and quit bullshitting America
Thank you, Senator Lee! Straight, simple REPEAL is the best way!
We don't want to hear your excuse liar.... hope your consitiuents remember this at the polls ... just sayin #MAGA
Good luck with your re-election!
SOLUTION: Give all Americans the same plan all members of Congress and the Senate has.
there is no address of the abuse of gov subsides like $100per pill or discuss sanctuary cities allow illegals to add themselves on obamacare
Move SOMETHING forward people....this will completely reflect poorly on all of you if you continue to be DO NOTHINGS
Let's vote their ass out then
God bless you!
Get this bill done and done right for the American PPL. Failure to act is not acceptable
Repeal, yes
Replace, NO
Ha-a no vote because you want something even more cruel than this bill! You should be ashamed. We need to cut Senate insurance.
GOP leadership is being ruled by the Establishment. GOP will either lose H and S or get people in there to help Trump.
Mike lee is the only senator with a perfect score on conservatie review. Mike lee actually kept his promise of full repeal!
What exactly changed your mind Mike?  You need to explain yourself.
Then convince your colleagues to pass what you believe to be the right bill. If you can't produce, the why not support the next best thing?
This guy sprout a sack spontaneously(like alliteration?)or what?Hope it signals a shift away frm Trump. It's only gonna take one to start it
YOU SIR ARE A Fool...
Thank you
Thank you for doing the right thing!
Thank you, can you now vote to have McConnell retire. Please do what you can to get him out so the young with ideas can lead policy
Gave away the store and the Grandkids future. Go back to the State you came from Lee, Utah doesn't want, nor do We need your antics.
If there is no health care bill it falls upon the Congress as a failure not Trump. You had 8 years to figure this out. Get it right and done
Glad to hear #Utah ..At least there are a few Sen that dont want to hang this garbage around their neck..hope the bill fails
Thank you and @JerryMoran for caring enough to at least wanting to deliberate on a bill that will affect millions.
They promised repeal.
Hold your ground. Just repeal ACA like the GOP did 100 times when Obama was President.
Gee Senator Lee, like McConnell I assumed you were Cruz's sidekick and once Cruz said yes you would obediently follow.
Thats right, lets just keep OC, we love getting robbed by all of u fools that should have had a fix yrs ago in the making. Vote all u out
There is not enough money in this world to fix obama care. 30 exec orders and draining of medicaid couldnt fix it. Wake up even if you buy
Explain all you want. Need to repeal asap. GOP is all talk and no action. Get behind our president!!!!
Repeal NOW, replace later.
Later's not going to work for a lot of people in the middle of chemo or on a waiting list for a new heart. Lifetime caps will kick in 1st.
Enough with your #fakenews talking points. Obamacare isn't helping those same people. Donor lists aren't changed. Chemo won't be stopped.
