Spend thrifts
Including you.
Please vote yes on tax cuts. You won't get everything you want in the bill but if you don't pass this I think you'll start losing support
Wrong, some of us will be pushed into the higher bracket because we are still using the progressive, punish success, tax system. #FlatTax
Consider that if we cut spending the way we need to, we simultaneously need to direct the people to systems and institutions of support which will take the place of the federal government for which they have been relying on too much.
I doubt our libertarian hopes and dreams will become popular unless people see how reasonable, possible, and preferable it would be for the federal government to focus on its proper mandates and allow States and others to fill in where it has overreached.
In this sense, the focus of the pitch for cutting spending and taxes should be upon proving how the federal government is actually comparatively less helpful to the people in all the ways it has stretched its role beyond the constitution.
Very few sitting should be re-elected, very few
Please don't block the tax cuts!
Those cuts raise the deficit. How does that help cut spending and be fiscally conservative?
I think it will stimulate the economy.  They need to cut government spending
Tax cuts don't stimulate the economy. You can go back almost 40 years and find proof that they don't. Look at Kansas for most recent case.
Tax cuts will help put money in the middle class pockets so we can pay for skyrocketing health care costs
Blame Obama for that one! Obamacare is still the law of the land:(
Blame gets us nowhere. Trump is president so ask him to help fix it not kill it so we can have affordable coverage.
Congress needs to fix health care.
It's time to make the Republican Party libertarian and conservative again. @AP4Liberty is the man we need in the Senate with you!
Fiscally conservative? Because socially conservative isn't really Libertarian.
Fiscally conservative, socially none of the government's damn business!
Finally someone gets it! Libertarianism means protecting personal freedom and bodily autonomy! That's why as a libertarian, I am pro-choice!
Right? why wouldn't a libertarian be pro-choice everything?
People have a lot of weird misconceptions about what Libertarianism actually is.
Even Libertarians. I think a lot of them are actually federalists.
Not surprised most Republicans talk a good game on cutting spending but fail to live up to it.
@realDonaldTrump @RandPaul @SenateGOP @GOP  @HouseGOP @POTUS   Please please allow ALL pass-through owners to deduct 23% of business income including doctors, engineers, and accountants - they are businesses too.
Geeze I am soooo surprised! What kind of requests did they slip in and get approved?
Of course they did .. They want more and more tax mo ey not less
Got to spend money to make money,
Give us the whole list!
Wake up. Repubs don't care about fed spending (think bloated military) or increased fed deficits. Just tax cuts for their donors and 1%.
OK. Cong Repubs care deeply about the avg citizen and wouldn't pass a tax cut for the rich if it swelled the debt. Better? Stay tuned.
List them all!!!
So by failing,  you mean that you prove once again that you can only obstruct, not govern.  Well in that case, they succeeded, good to know!
Rand, you are right, but, as Bannon says, need to learn how to win.  Budget was necessary for tax cuts.
Senator I want to move forward not decide on a litmus test
Move forward into a ditch? #blindleadingtheblind
2015 Tax Dollar
Quit putting our weight on the backs of our decendants!!!  Call for a CONVENTION OF STATES and a balanced budget.
You need to work with our president. We want Trumps plans to go forward.
Stop TAXING our SS retirement benefits!
List a few of your suggestions to cut. People are listening.
You dad failed the party and now you are to.
Yes we're deep in debt but that money wasn't spent well, now we need to spend and invest in America.
Yup, you've hit the nail on the head.  
I wonder if they've realized it yet?
You failed the test of caring about the pp who live in your state. You let them live like slaves and you live like King Edward VIII. He didn't do well in history and you won't either. U are on the wrong side of history. I sure hope they write it correctly. You r a lot like Trump.
Stay on them Rand!
My son has autism. You want him to die. How do you live with yourself?
Paul votes against everything because there are no real consequences for him or his seat.  Purists never help.
You need to pass in the realms of reality not fantasy. You can stand on ceremony and do nothing or you can do what you can.
We just passed the first budget in 6 years
I wouldn’t expect anything else. Politicians are in it for themselves, not the people. They’re owned by lobbyists. #NMIP
What else is new?
I'm pissed and ashamed to be a Republican.
Now Sen.Rand could consider tax cuts to jump-start the economy to grow by at least 3% in stead of current rate of 1.5% & get more revenue.
Yes Senator, including raising military health care for retired veterans.
FAIR Tax is the ans. But power corruption will not allow!drain the swamp if u want true reform
Senator your ass is going to next year so get ready be looking for another job
Hopefully tax cuts gets the momentum to get more Conservative senators elected !
Don’t get this done and Dems back in power and spending will soar! Happy then?
All talk no action and the debt grows and grows and govt gets bigger and bigger.
Pass those just judges. #amybarrett
No Republicans. Only Trump crazies. Republicans went extinct day @GOP nominated Trump. Formerly known as Republicans now the walking undead
REPUBLICANS SO SWAMPY
Hey at least you ppl finally past a budget!  What's that, the first in 11yrs!
The party of tax and spend . Who knew?
Repeal Obamacare!
All are for themselves not the American people they represent. It’s shameful.
They don't want to cut spending, just control what cronies get the benefit.
You fail the American people daily. Your fiscal irresponsibility will kill the economy causing devastation.
Best way to cut spending is to allow employees to share in savings. Every dept has waste and employees know how to cut it out
You need help in DC. Back @AP4Liberty for #MOSEN and you'll have it!
Tax cuts for the wealthy, tax increases for the middle class, reductions to Medicare and Medicaid spending, increases to the budget deficit.
Or maybe the other 51 are right and you are wrong.
No, you failed litmus test doing what's right for our country. Democrats who block or Rand Paul who wants perfection, "no" vote is the same.
Purge the party in '18. Paul/Trump coalition of Libertarians and Semi Nationalists! (God, I hate the word 'coalition'.)
Get behind @AP4Liberty campaign.  He would pass the litmus test.
and all dumbocrat senators. Only Rand has guts to speak the C word. #CutFedSpending
Shocker. 
Thought this just opens discussions on tax reform & budget? Didn't realize any figures were included! End product important!
You fail to even try to help the America People. I thought legislating was getting started on bill then do a back and forth to improve bill.
Rinos...
Republican Failed Alot of Things,But it's ultimately up to We the People who Believe in the Constitution who Can Squash Out Socialization!!
We the People Must Take The Muslim Out of the USA Equation Period For there Agenda is to Take Our Country PERIOD!!No Muslim,No Sharia law!!
Believe Me You Don't Want To Live with these Crazy People Why Do You think We've Never Had Muslims Live In Our Past?as an Elder!!NO MUSLIMS!
Send Them back to the Desert along with the Obama's And the Clinton's Let them Get a Taste of Sharia law!! IN IRAN!
They'd Piss themselves!
Believe Me There SICK in the Head and Damn How Fast There Setting up Shop In Our Country! You'll See Unfortunately There Rooting in USA !!
Give Trump a chance as he knows business infinitely more than you do. Stop being an obstructionist; support your party. Or join Democrats
Disagree w/Rand Paul on many things, but not this.
Just because they are a Republican doesn't mean they are conservative. This is why the new right will replace GOP establishment types.
Cutting the taxes but not the spending. They don't have the gonads. More deficits coming our way.
#DrainTheSwamp
Every time i think how glad i am you lost presidency race you have zero Vision
Accomplish something not just say “I’m a conservative!” Lose the majority & then what are you going to pass? Growth can cure a lot of debt.
You and five others - thank you!
Rand- things can’t be perfect if you want to WIN. BE TEAM PLAYER. Then u get foot in door. Support President 120%! Then USA will win 
Senator Rand Paul. I would be nice if you would get on board and support our president and the American people
Especially without #GlassSteagall 
Nothing you do will work as long as a private cartel prints money out of thin air that has no value.
Cut programs like it's 1889.
You will all be voted out soon enough. Too soon for most of you. Grab what you can quickly.
Your a legislator 1 out of 50 you have to work with people you can't be a pure ideologue. Get the best deal you can and pass something!
@RandPaul sometimes in life we know what we want and take what we can get. Let's move on to fight the next battle in this fiscal war.
@RandPaul thinks he's a one man army.
D's and R's aren't the issue. The states are the issue. Maine very different from Kentucky, for example.
Stay stronq and help Trump get there Rand. The swamp is a vacuum Nd no dollar escapes it.
Almost always agree with your beliefs but ...Compromise is always necessary when making group decisions. Give a little. Take a little.
Choose your battles maaaan!  ....Or win an election.
Sometimes you need to compromise to move the agenda. The only word in your vocabulary is no and you are hurting us not helping
Wish media would say why you voted against instead of lumping you in with the D's. #liberty #freedom #realconservative
Sen. Paul never votes yay on anything. He just talks around both sides. You have to compromise on some things in life.
You are so right Senator.  All the wailing and hair pulling about the budget deficit was republican fake news.
Tell me something new!  They have been failing that test for over 20 years.
Let us all move something forward.  Let growth guide our way.  Get on board!  #MAGA
#RandPaul2024 #RandPaul2028
You’re walking a thin line sir
Thank you for trying
Didn't see that coming? JK. Only 1 conservative left in congress. #Accountable responsible government is a dream within a dream.
on balancing the national checkbook. Don't you know all this spending is good for our economy? /sarc (2/2)
Well, Duh. They're mostly establishment elitists who think they know better than us how to spend money. How dare you insist (1/2)
Trump+ Bannon+ RandPaul = 3 Musketeers = clearing up the swampy mess, one swish at a time
Rand, it's impossible to cut spending. Wish it weren't so. Hard reset coming someday because of this.
most GOP are a bunch of spineless, cowardly, political mercantilist back stabbers! Time to repeal and replace with true revolutionaries!
Sometimes u have to have a means to an end Rand.
100 more years in the middle east - John Mccain
what do you mean Republicans? seems Democrats succeeded ever?
Spend, spend, spend, waste, and spend more. America has no say in how their tax dollars are spent.
What the hell is wrong with your colleagues? Do they not care at all about their posterity? Are they all bought and paid for?

Well considering how much you are paid for doing literally nothing but saying no, I’d say that we deserve a refund on your election.
WE NEED MORE SENATORS LIKE YOU! WE NEED MORE COMMON SENSE CONSERVATIVES WHO LOVE AMERICA AND RESPECT THE CONSTITUTION!
Nor shocked. ..drain the swamp
YOU Rand Paul are NOT Republican. Stop thinking Libertarians & Republicans are same. Democrats are closer to Republicans! Politics 101!
Stay strong Senator this Kentuckian is behind you 100%
Why? We have to know why?
they got time to make it up! Start authoring cut causing amendments in future bills.
People that pass debt down to their children are crooks.
A lone man was crying in the wilerness make strate the path. In the day of our  Lord.
Some thing needs to get dun and quick.
Name and shame them all Dr. Paul
Wow Rand. Took you this long to see obviousness?
That is very disheartening Senator.  Can there be any redemption for Congress?  I'm beginning to doubt it.
@IHSAHistorian Imagine my shock!
Rand, we are trying to save the Country. We will save the budget later!!
These are not independent goals.

U r absolutely of no use to us as a legislator. Don't know why you are a Senator. KY citizens should think twice before voting for you again
No we need to give all of you a pay cut by half and mandatory retirement by 68. campagain spending limits as well as lobbying caps.
Nothing in this world is perfect including this bill but you have to do something. You can't just keep saying no. Hopefully you will convince some Senators to your way of thinking along the way. Everyone needs to give a little for the benefit of the citizens.
But of course. I'm gaining more and more respect for your dad the more I listen to him. But I still don't believe all drugs should be legal.
It’s not your Daddy’s party anymore.
Cut tax, see if it increases revenue , cut spending later.
#deepstate
Thank you Senator Paul standing for the American people
Kind doing your thing Rand, the people are watching
A disturbing majority of them are as much a part of the entrenched Washington machine as any big govt Dem. Keep up the good work Rand. #MAGA
Stand strong Rand. We are sending more like you to DC to get the job done right. It's just gonna take awhile to get the house clean.
Congratulate those that did pass, they're only a few policy stance reversals away from being #Libertarians
It's you vs everybody Rand. #RandPaul2020
-Rand, go play in a sandbox where somebody ACTUALLY LISTENS to You
Seems about right.
You really need to think tax reform You sure you are not being lobbied by the nevertrumpers? Shame
Balance the budget and put away the checkbook!!! This is insanity!!! #twopartysystemsucks
Rhinos. Need to go. Cory gardener = POS.
That's because they are no different than the left!  98% of them are useless! You are in the 2% who fight to uphold the Constitution
Margin is too thin right now Paul. Too many fake conservatives. Hang in there and compromise.
And once again, what do you stand for? Being the guy who votes the opposite of every majority just cause he can?  Whatever
They should b ashamed, tell them 2 look at, not just, their neighborhood but the whole town! Look at those roofs, LOOK, Cut it & cut taxes!
Tell us more
And ALL Democrats.  Congress has lost any faith of the public. Our national debt is out of control!  #DraintheSwamp
I know one Senator-to-be that won't fail the litmus test: @AP4Liberty #taxreform #taxcuts #AP4Senate #MOSEN
Senator please help pass the bill but negotiate your amendment with the President. I am sure he will negotiate, remember is the Art of DEAL!
I could swear a Republican mantra was “Washington doesn’t have a taxing problem, it has a spending problem.” It’s still the case or nah?
A tax cut is spending. Why were Republicans so concerned about the deficit, and debt when Obama was POTUS, but don't give a shit now?
Great message Senator!
We are going to begin bringing in a new set next year! Cut government or get cut!
We'll end up like Greece before end of decade.
No party stands for fiscal responsibility, really a bummer.
@RandPaul and his colleague @SenTedCruz are the only 2 senators that are real Republican fiscal conservatives the rest are RINO LIBS
Please go independent....there are only about five Republicans left that have any values.
That goes along with the common sense test they all failed last week, the week before and the week before that.
And here we go again, frankly so disgusted with these assclown we call elected officials
You did good today Rand. You lost on your amendments, but got to vent.
And you've failed at every thing.
How terribly sad. Total lack of Bus 101 learning... back to school.  
What now?
Since T was inaugurated we no longer have a 2 party system, we have a Lib Uniparty!
They don't really want to.
They may have, I don’t know? I do know you need to learn how to work with others. It’s obviously your way or the highway. Be selfless once.
They don't want to cut spending or taxes or anything - it's all a sham and lip-service. If they cut taxes they just use monetary policy...
They won't touch outlays or any programs or our non-stop wars. They won't address the eventual financial fallout they are kicking forward
No Senator you have failed all of us who voted for change and put this Predident into office. You are a veiled Democrat doing their bidding
It’s all lip service for them. They’ve proven that for years now...no more responsible with spending than the dems.
IMPOSSIBLE for the FedGovt to reduce, control or limit spending #OtherPeoplesMoney they all failed basic Math! #CronyCapitalism 
Nearly all of them have become moderate democrats too
Not surprised. This is why I call BS on tax cuts etc....ill believe it when it is law.
be thankful you don't. Get paid for how much you guys do. You would be fired!
Oh no, what a shock that is.
Take names. Call them out. We must vote them out. PERIOD. Mitch cant lead ANYTHING except his donors.
They are just two sides of the same coin
Breaking news! The sky is blue, in other news fire is hot. More at 11.
They'll be voted out.
Thank you Rand.  Your a rock...more like a Boulder against the many.
Soo many are ok with their Eternal Destiny.  Such a shame.
Help the President lower income tax rates... the tax cut needs to be bold enough to help unite the country again @realDonaldTrump #MAGA
Is that really a surprise
And who is surprised? We can't even agree to slow the increases to spending let alone actually cut a program..
Those US Chamber radio ads running  here in KY are SPIN SPIN SPIN! This budget is nothing more than hide the nut game!
Drain the swamp
Does not surprise U.S......
Support the citizens you represent, Rand. #NetNeutrality needs to stay.
Republicans haven't been conservative in years. We're all compassionate now
Well I thought it was a well known fact that that most republicans don’t want to cut anything, they just use it as an election talking point
Please let me know if senators from PA are among those .
WELL that sure is a big surprise, they have no moral control
They all need to go. Drain the swamp!!!
#StuckInSwamp
They fail us on just about everything.
That's why you need to challenge Trump to a primary, and not puss out early in the primaries this time.
Time for them all to go
