He was also serious about Obama not being born in this country and "wiretapping" his phones.
Wiretap pretty much proven to have occurred.
Dream on
You're being wilfully ignorant if you deny it. Even NY Times reported on wiretaps in Inauguration Day! Front page!!!
wiretaps on trump? Surveillance of trump? Or where trump team got caught up in wiretaps of Russians bc they were dealing with Russians?
Where is proof of collusion? Did votes change? No, FBI attested to that. Hillary is corrupt & lied, Americans threw her out. End of story.
I actually not claiming collusion "yet" I have not seen enough hard evidence "yet". Just saying trump team dealt with Russia a lot.
Not a lot, and only like two guys spoke to a Russian - Gen. Flynn (gone), & then- US Sen. Sessions while acting as senator.
He should be working on Federal Prison health care, that's where he's heading.
Not with a likely pardon ...
Presidential pardons not applicable to crimes brought under state law, Trump will face justice in NY State
fiat justitia ruat caelum
Tell us another joke, you're really rolling! 
But plan just bombed also , it's even harsher
Have to be honest...don't know much about your other reporting...but this is very fair with no whacky spin. Thank you. 
NOT!!
Go away BOT or paid troll. 
They are determined to #MakeAmericaSickAgain and decrease the surplus population, apparently. #Trumpanzees
#Obamacare is absolutely toxic! NOTHING short of ##FullRepeal is acceptable! @freedomcaucus
So you're okay with un-insuring 24 million people who need the coverage?  Selfish.
@POTUS had good convo about healthcare reform with @RandPaul ?  They must have been talking about tax breaks for the rich and corporations.
And I believe him why?
More Trump normalization? Do you believe that he's serious about anything other than pimping the US/World for his own interests and gain?
That was the Clinton's specialty. Hard to top that.
with the far right... We have no rights. #nocare
Why didn't you ask him why he changed his position on increasing coverage to support a bill that is 180 degrees opposite that?
Rand Paul is going to be used, just as Trump did Romney.
Trump's access is like catnip. These people are overwhelmed by a golden tower, private plane, and an exclusive golf country club. Victims!
welp, you now know that conversation with Rand Paul had EVERYTHING to do with Susan Rice and nothing to do with health care.
LOL. Keep trying to change the subject.  Russian Investigation is alive and well. It continues. Truth to Power
Ah he will say anything to appease anyone. You did not believe him, did you??
Why would you believe him?
He will fail if he doesn't understand that healthcare reform has not yet been tried. O'care was insurance reform.
Which insurance companies are hating into extinction, despite its benefits to their customers. Where's the insurance industry's patiotism?
unless its medicare for all - it wont fly with the American people
oh please to tell rand what to do. rand is a coward. rump threatened him. ANOTHER REPUB COWARD LLLKLOLLO< AHOLES
Apparently conversation w @RandPaul was a great time...today he's standing up for Trump Russian malfeasance!
Evidence? Yea, didn't think so.
Whatever you do you must protect the American people from greedy insurance and pharmaceutical co's and keep pre-existing and mental health!
Don't believe anything he says
Anyone notice how fast paul ryan talks when he knows that he's lying
There is nothing in this that addresses the escalating costs. Just poorly designed wallpaper. Address 15 USC Chapter 1 on restraint of trade
Coverage for fair healthcare for people with pre-existing conditions is essential! @SenToomey @SenBobCasey
You are falling for his spin and playing into his hands because he gave you a "scoop." Stop crowing about it and don't be so proud. #idiocy

Sure, but did he listen, really listen?
Blah blah blah, it's his bullshit for the moment. No interest in what this man says. Always a liar
Guess u agree with all the librials so u cut people off is that correct
Oh finally  thanks Sen paul
BUILDTHEWALL.  PLS use exec order to PUT AN END TO late term abortion=infanticide. TY! MAGA!
Ya right, like by now you believe he is serious about anything. I cannot believe you even tweeted this BS. Check your crotch, grabbed!
#SusanRice
Good get Kristen.
Distract distract distract
His words mean nothing
Reform healthcare?? Get insurance out of the equation and let prices deflate back to this planet. The govt is one big insurance company now
@gabrielsherman @POTUS @RandPaul yeah yeah & will fail second time around. Majority of Americans want it fixed not repealed!
Reform? Or repeal?
Is he as serious as he was when he said he was walking away from health care reform, after the defeat of the GOP bill?
exactly as serious....
So funny. Tell him to hold his breath.
Congratulations again on your marriage!
golf magic?
Thank you Kristen for not going down the blind hate path and reporting unbiased
And then we remember that what he says is just a temporary pose that feels right at the time
He also said he would show his tax returns if he won the election. #TrumpRussiaCollusion #Resist the #FakePresident#Trumpcare kills
@RandPaul Thank you for working with @POTUS and looking forward to your health care plan with Common American sense. #MAGA
Oh wow and those who are two ppl whose words we can trust.  #wakeup
Wanting to kick as many people as possible off of their health insurance is not healthcare reform.
@Fahrenthold @POTUS @RandPaul Would that be with the same @RandPaul who only knows how to plagiarize other people's work? Yay...
#bullshit
So? He also said his inauguration was the biggest in history. Your point is?
What does @RandPaul think.
And should we take that seriously?
Blackwater founder met Putin confidante in Seychelles to set up Trump-Russia back channel, sources said @adamentous
Repeal, do NOT replace.
Republican ideas are all awful, involve millions losing coverage. @realDonaldTrump
"Please Proceed..." maybe we can get his approvals into the 20's!
Of course he had great convo w/ @RandPaul , how big was the carrot dangled in front of @RandPaul  for his drinking the juice? Real question
@MeetThePress that's like two blind men leading each other
But@POTUS  is a pathological liar, so...
#HealthCareReform
Well, obviously, that means he's serious about it. Why would he say something like that and then forget completely about it?
Who'd have thought Rand Paul would ever be the voice of reason to talk Trump off of a ledge? 
What a time to be alive.
And tonight he will be tweeting about Fake News or making fun of a reporter.  He is an AWFUL president
#TheResistance Folks we probably better be calling about this! I seem to think they are working behind the scene! Opinions???
@maggieNYT @POTUS @RandPaul I'm sure it'll go great with those two dedicated public servants on the case. 
BWUHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHAHBAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAH
Great news. Good scoop!  
And you believe him? Damn you're so gullible!
Rand Paul?  Excellent.  We can expect 65M w/o insurance in this next iteration...
Define GOOD. that he kept his temper and didn't throw out F bombs? You've been played.
@RandPaul we're watching will u side w RICH  expense of "left-behind Americans'? Will he BLACKMAIL YOU ok w Russia?
#StandWithRand
When was the last time POTUS knew what he was talking about? When his name was Obama, that's when.
Will #trumpcare still have provision 4 insurance companies CEO salary as BIZ EXPENSE 4TAXCUTS? And HUGE Taxcuts 4RICH? @RandPaul WATCH IT
Aren't you a part of the very fake mainstream media? Or is it very, very fake?  I can never remember.  Regardless, Trump lies,  believe me.
Barf
He is all talk
@maggieNYT @POTUS @RandPaul the big question is...are you taking by him seriously?
Serious but incapable.
Blah blah blah
He's desperate for ANY win at this point. If he doesn't win something soon, he's gonna quit.
Clean Repeal & Replacement without continuing entitlements Its called Personal Responsibility, the freebies at Taxpayers expense, OVER
Keep spreading his manure for him. Has  anyone mentioned to you that he's a liar? Sexual predator? Ignorant of History?
They want to repeal, NO replace.
Republicans just want to take care of wealthy donors no matter what. Rand Paul plays golf and is watching n board. SAD
not sure I want what they are selling since refuse to work across aisle...
@Fahrenthold @POTUS @RandPaul Can he do that from prison?
You're being played
I'd like to challenge the use of the word "good" to describe this conversation. Implies a sadly lacking morality. #DonTCare
He doesn't do promptu well......
But why would he speak with you? Isnt @NBCNews the "fake news" he's always ranting about? #makeuphismind
So that was an idle threat then that there wouldn't be future negotiations.  Great negotiator, Trump.
Did you ask him any questions?  Challenge him on #paulthepuppet?  You know, like a journalist?
It's hard to believe anything @potus says.   His endless lies makes it hard to believe anything he says.
^5
I hope you thanked him, and didn't spit in him like you know you wanted to! He is a good man, you are just to blind to see it! Sad.
Not you,@RandPaul
#Trumpcare cannot be #Wealthcare to be acceptable, it needs to be bipartisan and cannot alone be a repeal. #RESISTANCE
No better person in DC for @realDonaldTrump  to talk to about ANYTHING then @RandPaul !
But what did he tweet
Healthcare should be something that you would be proud to have your name attached to and would also be the insurance you use
doesn't mean a thing.  Next person who talks to him  can say opposite and he'll agree with that too. The President is insane.
I don't believe that, or anything else he says. But I believe you that he said it.
No repeal? #PRIMARY
Why would you believe anything he says?
And did you believe him?
If he's getting advice from Rand Paul, arguably one of the most conservative senators,  that's horrible news.
Did he thank you for your breathless coverage of Clinton's private email?
The American people don't want the Republicans replacement for Obamacare. Happy with ACA!
Maybe, maybe not. It's not like you can believe anything that comes out of his mouth.
I hear the healthcare in Leavenworth is pretty good. #LOCKHIMUP!
Dont believel a word he says
Explains Rand-om tweet wherein Susan Rice is accused of spying on Trump campaign. Must have been some golf game.
The Three Healthcare Monkeys; 'Day Care, Pay for Care and Pray for Care'
Genius
You're too generous...my ego thanks you!
Serious about reviving a push for something and actually accomplishing something are two different things.
But he is a liar. And notice the trend in responses. He has no credibility and uses the press for his propaganda.
Golf golf golf.
@Fahrenthold let’s see if new deal keeps even one promise made. Last one didn’t.
Did @PressSec @seanspicer allow this lol. Thought it might be a job interview
Haha
he needs to have a good conversation with his criminal attorney
You're kidding, right. All contact w/media is planned. He knows you'll be so flattered you'll do steno for him. Sick. Thanks for nothing!
Not happening. Congress has moved to tax reform.
I'd have kept walking.
it's not reform, it's taking healthcare away from people and you should be reporting it to your viewers instead of parroting Trump's lines.
One down, thirty to go.  Unless the President works to build on the structure in place when trying to make it better, it won't work.
Did he say if all brutal dictators are fantastic or just this one?
Did these Senators not listen to their contstiuents AT ALL?
Still curious as to what the bribe is for the vote???
Paul sure jumped in bed with Trump quickly Paul joins the hypocrisy group
The idea he discussed with Rand Paul is basically the ACA except patients get less in subsidies.
She's a shill for Trump. I can't watch her since her election coverage. Ugh 
Deflect much!
But despite my misgivings about his remarks, congrats to you on the meeting!
He says a lot.
if they're not exaggerating, isn't the only way out of this to have an even bigger number of people lose insurance?
Just had an impromptu mtg w/ @POTUS who tells me he is serious about reviving the push for healthcare reform & had a good convo w/@RandPaul
Will have to wait until jared gets back!
who are you devin nunes? also, NBC getting private mtgs? sounds like a trap. 
what is happening!
He's lying. Again.
Mitch McConnell Should be Speaking Out For Kentucky. ...!!!!????
Change the narrative quick!!! Black water story came out!!!!
Which is just another chance to push a bill through the House that is doomed to fail when the Senate gets it. I'm fine with that.
You believe Trump can please both extremes of the Republican party? How many lives will they destroy now?
Devil's advocate speaks
Was he still in his bathrobe?
I fixes it for you,  "healthcare remove".
Sweet we get a healthcare bill from fake Dr Rand Paul
And you believe him?  
....because @JoeNBC told him this morning to stay on message
These guys are working overtime to make sure they don't get re-elected. If they push this it the money will pour in to defeat them.
Did you ask about the breaking Seychelles story?
Wait what.
Check WaPo
That's nice, but it doesn't mean much considering moderates will leave the table. So much for reaching out to democrats. 
WHO BELIEVES @POTUS????  YOU???? @kwelkernbc
I believe you. I don't believe him.
You forgot to add but of course he's a big teller of #BigLies #MonumentalMediaFail
If it makes Rand Paul happy, he will lose the moderate Republicans.
