Stop praying and start working on a gun control bill. Or are you unable to stop sucking the NRA’s teet? #LasVegas #NRA #GUNCONTROLNOW
This weapon was already illegal.  Controlled.  Didn't stop it.
Which means it shouldn't have been allowed to exist in the first place.  Take the message of Australia's gun laws to heart.
You should ask Australians how they feel about the gun law... When they outlaw guns only Outlaws will have guns. And government of course.
You don't get the idea of outlawing guns, do you?  If the outlaws still have them, you haven't outlawed them.
LOL.  Dave, that was a confused statement. I'm wondering if you "get the idea" of "outlaw".  (Hint: they don't care what the law is.)
Do something then. Unlimited freedom to own guns, limits greatly the freedom of the victims of gun violence!
Stop Democrats from dividing our country!Stop Dems from allowing Sanctuary Cities! Stop Dems from illegal unlawful immigrants! KeepUSAsafe
Stop bots from spewing nonsense!
bots, racists Nazi white supremacist all you can think of to say, Democrats are dividing our country for political purposes!
They don't need your prayers. They need action on sensible gun control
Yes, but never waste a good tragedy!  #2ndAmendmentRightsStand!
please stop accepting NRA money in favor of common sense bi-partisan wishes.
Your prayers don’t mean shit when you took $9,900 from the NRA. You and all Congress men who accepted money from the NRA are to be blamed.
Would Libertarians allowed him to buy a .50 Caliber? What's the line between Libertarian and Crazy?
And it took less than $10k for you to protect the @NRA. I dare you to give us 1 good reason semiautomatic guns should be legal.
To fight a tyrannical government. There you go.
nothing but respect for MY president
You named yourself well.
Prayers are worthless!  Gun control is not!
Oh look, someone calling names!
Oh look someone who can't defend her statement or disprove my accusations!
The FBI division in Phoenix & Sacramento are corrupt.  Please help us get justice in Vegas!  Don't let their suffering go in vain...
Empty Words, NRA contributions speak louder then Prayers. I pray the victims have Obama Care to cover long term medical costs @RandPaul
YOU can do something about the carnage. Man up against the NRA and Koch brothers. Or be quiet.
Madarsa is factory of terrorists
Find it very strange that Steve Paddock worked for Lockheed Martin!
Let's pray also for the people in Chicago every weekend. Bad guys and government officials (PD) only ones with guns. https://www.dnainfo.com/chicago/2017-chicago-murders/timeline?mon=1 …
New gun laws won't stop this, how about outlawing all TV, Movie and music depicting gun violence, fix the disease not the symptom
Instead of praying why don’t you return funds from the NRA and do something, the majority want stricter gun laws.
HOW horrible?  More or less than $9,900? #NRA #NRAKills  #NRABloodMoney #LasVegasShooting
Your prayers mean nothing. We need common sense gun laws.  By doing nothing, YOU  killed those people
Tough gun laws don't work. Look at Chicago democraps https://www.dnainfo.com/chicago/2017-chicago-murders/timeline?mon=1 …
Sir, please stop praying and DO something. Watch Mr Smith Goes to Washington if you have to to get motivated to go against the system!
Give back that $9900 you took from the NRA and maybe someone will take your hypocritical "thoughts & prayers" seriously.
And to think, legislation to make it easier to acquire and own Silencers is currently making its way through Congress (H.R. 367).
What does that have to do with the price of rice in China? A Suppressor would have been of little consequence. It was an automatic weapon.
That wouldn't really matter you can change a clip in under 2 sec. and do the same damage with a semi auto rifle
Same reload time on both semi and full automatic weapons. You can get significantly more lead down range with the later. Thanks for playing
My point is we need to identify these people and figure out a way to prevent this.
Oh.... I see that now..... 
No problem 1st thing everyone wants do do is gun control.  How many killed if used IED or car.  Need to figure these people out to prevent
I’m pro gun rights. I’m an avid hunter and love to plink around with ARs.
Nobody wants your fucking prayers.
https://www.facebook.com/39171898761/videos/10155446314448762/ …
Senator Paul -Do you believe the official story?
You complete hypocrite, you are bought and paid for by the very entity that is the cause of those deaths. YOU contributed to this tragedy
I really hope you do more than just pray for these people and use the power you have to help keep American's safe!
Keep praying. It’s clearly working.
How about you actually do something about it you spoiled rich boy?
#SendBackTheBloodMoney
What's cowardly & hypocritical is the #USA Gov. who dastardly refutes to fall in line with civilized countries who've adopted "#guncontrols!
$9900 from the #NRA last year. Was it worth it?
Just say it was Terrorism already.
Besides prayer, What are you going to do about it?  #NRA #bribemoney
Pray for yourself. $10,000 from NRA means you don't care about life. #stopNRA #NRAKills
Instead of "thoughts and prayers" which aren't changing anything, you stop accepting BLOOD MONEY from the NRA & start w/ GUN REFORM!
Prayers are not going to help or prevent this.  If you really want to make a difference stop accepting money from the NRA!!!
What are you going to do about it ?
Tell us what really happened
Who are you holding accountable, God? Take responsibility... you are part of the problem.
For the love of God, you need to stop voting as the NRA demands you to. #yourprayersareinsufficient
What will your prayers accomplish other than to make you feel better because you have failed to enact common sense gun laws?
Should be praying for all the victims of American killings starting from Vietnam to currently Syria Yemen etc USA too involved in killings
What goes around comes around wake up and smell the coffee and start believing there is a God watching all the USA dirty killings
Horrible and cowardly is not voting for common sense gun laws.
So do something sir.  Anything!  You guys have to do something
After you pray, move to enact meaningful gun registration laws. Your unwillingness to do so thus far is killing people.
Otherwise, spare us your crocodile tears. We know you do not really care at all when you do anything that is meaningful.
You’re the murderer in every mass shooting.

Fraud, hypocrite, all of you on Capital Hill.
"…horrible and cowardly act…" As is your inaction on gun control.

Pass serious gun control and prevent it from happening again!!!
What will you do as an elected representative!
Stop praying and start acting! We need common sense gun control legislation! Stand up to the NRA! @GOP
Sensible Gun Laws NOW
you took blood money from the NRA, shame on you
Your prayers don't do shit! Pass gun control legislation NOW!
BLOOD ON YOUR HANDS RAND PAUL - is the $9,900 you received from the NRA during the 2016 election cycle worth it?
Stop praying and remove these weapons from our streets!
Get rid of weapons designed to kill humans. Keep the hunting rifles shotguns; get rid of pistols assault rifles semi-automatics & automatics
Ever get tired of reacting to these tragedies? How bout some legislation to protect Americans!
Go fuck yourself with your “thoughts and prayers” bullshit. The NRA is a terrorist organization and you support them. Blood-stained hands.
Who voted against gun control? Joe and Mika read their names http://www.msnbc.com/morning-joe/who-voted-against-gun-control … #BloodOnYourHands
Save your prayers. Stop taking blood money from the @NRA start fighting for stricter gun laws!
You can't stop a man from doing anything, regardless of the laws you enforce. As long we believe the contrary, shit will keep going down.
God says prayers + gun control: “faith without works is dead.”
-James 2:14-26
 #VegasStrong #LasVegasShooting
And these horrible crimes happen way too often in America. American exceptionalism should mean something other than mass killings.
You took $9,900 from the NRA during the 2016 election cycle. This is on you!
The attackers were terrorists. And only response is citizens being armed.
Could you donate the money the NRA gave you in 2016 cycle to the Las Vegas victim's fund? $9900
Also cowardly: taking blood money from the NRA while thousands of Americans continue to die from guns.
$9,900
Government: Talking about guns after a mass shooting makes people feel uncomfortable. 

Us:  Burying our dead doesn’t make us fucking happy.
Senator, consider passing on NRA $ next cycle. We need sensible gun laws. No need for extended clips.
What's COWARDLY is CONGRESS not making sensible laws that prevent mentally ill from getting guns, and nobody need automatic or semi auto  for any reason
This shooting is a direct result of your pandering to the gun industry. You have blood on your hands.
Your words are meaningless. Act. Do something to stop the next one or you are complicit.
yet you won't refuse @NRA money? You took $9900 in 2016 alone.  Shame on YOU! #Bloodonyourhands
they don't need your prayers. they need GUN CONTROL
Your thoughts and prayers would have more credibility if you hadn't taken $9,900 from the NRA during the 2016 election cycle.
Thoughts and prayers? How about some common sense gun laws like background checks for guns and ammunition’s...how about that?
Your campaign received money from the NRA. If you do nothing but send thought and prayers now, this blood is on your hands.
Call it what it is..,T E R R O R I S M!!
Hollow. Stop taking #NRABloodMoney and work on passing #StricterGunControlLaws. Support more funding to #MentalHealth
Start hitting these people taking responsibility a bit harder than they hit us.
Tell these Congressmembers GUN CONTROL ACTION
Speaks Louder than platitudes Give back NRA & pass legislature
https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/arts-and-entertainment/wp/2017/10/02/i …
It's not the weapon. It's the NUT behind the trigger. Soon they will be the only ones that have them. It won't stop them, they will get them
Amen to that! Do not understand why people think laws will prevent outlaws from doing things. Laws are only obeyed by law abiding folks!
Bit like bombing Syria on a daily basis killing many innocent people, women and children? I don't see you praying for them..
But you and all your republican buds will continue to hide behind 2nd amendment and the gun lobby. #cowards
How about we put the NRA and you gun nuts into one big area and build a wall around you so the rest of us can live in gun-free peace.
What makes you think it would be peaceful!! You are unrealistic if you really believe that!
You received $9,900 from the NRA during the 2016 election cycle. #BloodOnYourHands
Cowardly is your continuing to bend over for #nrabloodmoney
Isn't this a terrorist attack?
What is missing for this event not being a "terrorist" attack for you ? Terrorist's religion ?

You took money from the gun industry.
You voted against assault weapons ban. 
Your words mean nothing.
Are you donating the almost 10 thousand dollars you received from the NRA to the Las Vegas victims? ?
How about you stop taking the NRA's money and do something about it?

Stop these people.
@FBI ARE U INVESTIGATING THIS THREAT?
Get her fired.
Absolutely.  Now let's make sure we do nothing to prevent it from happening again.
Yes, and what about growing some BALLS and get off the NRA payroll, write some sensible gun laws! Hypocrisy doesn't look good on any of you!
TERRORISM
Speaking of Cowards Rand - going to man up and end Obamacare soon?
Like you cowards in Congress?
PRAYING IS A GOOD THING, BUT WE NEED TO GET ANGRY.  WE NEED TO SAY ENOUGH IS ENOUGH.  THIS IS A FRIGGIN TERRORISTS ATTACK.

Act... of Terrorism.
put your words& prayers into action Senator otherwise they mean nothing. your gun fetish supports these acts of terrorism. enough is enough
We all have a right to bear arms. Criminals will always get guns even if it is illegal so I want to be able to protect myself
get off your ass and work on gun control legislation
Speaking of cowardly, why did you take $9,900 in blood money from the @NRA last cycle? Fear or greed? Was it worth it? #LasVegasShooting
Praying!  Yes!  And I was worried you weren’t gonna do anything about it
An, yes, cuz praying works so well! If prayers worked none of you would be in office!
MKULTRA and that's a fact jack. I know the program.
Hey Rand Paul , Your children have top notch health insurance don’t they. WTF is wrong with you people!
Stop Islamisation. Everything will be fine.
How about gun control? #defeattheNRA
Remember when u voted NO on Manchin-Toomey amendment after Sandy Hook massacre? SHAME ON YOU. You have failed Nevada and protected no one.
The opression people face daily keep us in these perverbial loops
white terrorism
#need #Business Card, fast delivery, unlimited Revision and professional design 
Order Now: https://goo.gl/pYupKf   

#BusinessCard #Design
But make sure we protect every American's #SecondAmendment right to own unlimited number of machine guns!  NOT!
You missed the final 2 words or did you run out of characters... I'll finish it for you "of terrorism"
What has all the prayers after every gun massacre ever done? Absolutely nothing.
Ban assault weapons and stop taking NRA money
Guns. Guns.
That’s helpful. Thanks.
Gods of all faiths save us from ourselves, save us from blind legislators/NRA. Also sending to those enduring this heart stopping violence in LV
#terrorism
Islam
Religion of peace?
This is what we need a thoughtful and kind response.
Accepting $9900 in donations from the NRA last year was a "horrible and cowardly act"
Time to pray and not spew hate.  Disgraceful for anyone to do otherwise
Scold him Rand, that will change things until the next one!
Save it you need to figure out how to work and get something done,why did you run for office if you don't have a clue?? Easy pay check.
And we pray for HIS covering. 
The LORD your GOD in your midst...ZEPH3:17
Yet you don't have the spine or the balls to do a single thing to stop it from happening again
Why am I thanking God that the shooter is a white male?!?! 
Because that's how screwed up America is!!! 
#TrumpBreedsHate #AbolishTheNRA
I literally have no idea what point you're trying to make
How did praying work after Orlando, Sandy Hook, San Bernardino, etc?  Maybe you should take a new tact and try legislation.
#DOMESTICTERRORISM
Selling out to the gun lobbyists is horrible and cowardly as well.
Do more than pray. Ban assault rifles at last.
The ultimate goal is revealed.
But, keep it easy for the unhinged to own assault weapons & silencers. For what the hell are those kinds of weapons needed?
Enough with your prayers. Pass gun control laws. Do your job.
