The vote will be close.  It is time we stop the counterproductive and harmful practice of arming a country that promotes extremism
Saudi Arabia is causing a humanitarian crisis with a war in Yemen. It funds extremism worldwide. Abuses human rights. Stop arming them now.
Today we will discuss issues of war & peace, which we rarely do. We have been in conflict over 15 years.
They can't avoid the vote today. I forced it through a privileged motion. So let's talk about whether or not to arm Saudi Arabia
What can we do to help all those dying in Yemen? This is a huge humanitarian crisis. Children are dying from war and blockages by Saudis
17 million live in edge of starvation. Crisis may well be worse than Syria. And our country is going to further arm one side of this war
We can't fix every problem in the world. But today we can vote to not make one huge crisis worse.
We must stand up and tell Saudi Arabia ENOUGH. They are the biggest exporter of extremism and hatred in the world.
And we are going to give them weapons? I say no.
Even @HillaryClinton when she is speaking honestly in emails, noted the Saudis have supported terrorism. Why would we give them anything?
So if we do not sell, they just buy from Russia, France, china, etc. How does that help us ??? DUH !!!
USA needs to stand by standards of our founding fathers.
Please elaborate about those standards of the founding fathers.
What @SenRandPauI doesn't accept, the USA is simply giving Arab's the means to destroy themselves. We don't care what and who they kill.
How about spending your precious time working on health care, working on rax reform...things that r productive for Americans..smdh
Tax reform
won't Great Leader @realDonaldTrump attack you for tying to block his wishes?
Naw. Not worth the time/effort. @realDonaldTrump has much more personal power than @SenRandPauI . Conservatives don't worry about others.
There is a relatively small list of things I desire less than your proposition. Godspeed.
السيناتور راند بول يبرر سبب رفضه بيع السلاح الي المملكة العربية السعودية
Heading to the floor to speak on my Resolution of Disapproval on selling arms to Saudi Arabia.
Well said senator!
THE LEFT will be triggered when they find out they can't sell guns to their Muslim ISIS friends!
What about Russian aggression Comrade Paul?
Did this guy just vote AGAINST Russian sanctions?
Today GOP Senators are distancing themselves from Trump bigly. Trump probably throwing things at Fox News and    CNN
Vote for sanctions for the hostile foreign nation that hacked our elections while you're at it!
You voted no on the Russian sanctions. America wants you to head back to Kentucky and resign your seat.
We support you, we are all with you against the Saudi aggression against Yemen..
Where were you when most of these deals started 3 to 4 years ago?
Senator, you think it's just fine that's Iran is armed to the teeth?
I could not agree with you more, why do we arm the people that hate is the most
I hope your resolution meets with great support
Obama’s Administration Sold More Weapons Than Any Other Since World War II.just saying.
Your next resolution should be overturning Citizens United - Campaign Finance Reform
You showed Soul, brains & guts! Thank you
"In other news, @RandPaul  is still doing his job."   Unfortunately this is not a headline we'll ever read. Keep up the good work!
Why don't you do something that affect the masses and deal with Tax reform?
Odd.   But sometimes I agree with you. Please work to stop Trump in his disassembly of USA norms. We are a nation if laws, not greed.
More power to you Sen Rand Paul.
this is a damn right decision! stop selling arms to all Muslim countries
For the POTUS to want so badly to make it look like we are generating money it's blood money. Not good for anyone. I don't trust them
Thank you Senator Paul!!!
I paused when I saw the vote fell short, by 4. Thank you for pushing this. Reminded me why I voted for you. Keep fighting. I'm behind U 100%
I agree with @RandPaul on this. They are an Uber Rich Country. Why are we selling them weapons that could potentially be used against us?
Remember that's America's only export is War
Make it good. Seems we are always giving money for weapons to prople who dont like us.#dumb move
Congratulations sir. Let's stop selling arms to all. Peace is worth lot more than wars.
This is a good action I hope you are successful.
I couldn't agree more, well done.
And sometimes we agree. Remarkable!
If you haven't done it already Stop the UN smallarms tready
It would be wiser to sell them hands and feet
Zo super handig! De app van @OmrinFriesland Vooral in het buitengebied want dan kun je niet afkijken bij de buren;-)) #afval
Extreamism is spread out over much of the Mideast.  The administration opposes Iranian possibly of hegemony in region and needs Saudi suppor
Iran aur any Muslim Countries  are not threat to Saudi Kingdom
Infact Saudis bying Arms from US to protect Holy places. From Whom? ???US,Israel!!! Dirty Game
good approach
Trump is selling Billion Arms to a Muslim Country ..and Blame Muslims terrorists!!Wow Shame Shame
على اساس انك فاهم؟
Thank you. That's real representation.
Awesome!!
While you are there talk about the global population reduction under way,then justify how we should not sell arms to Saudi ! Act not stupid
Trump, hater of anything Muslim, goes to SA and dances with the devil, then leaves with a fat contract to give them weapons of oppression!
... but if we don't fund the terrorist who will?!
Tell them NO!
Why don't you speak about the press being barred from the Senate hallways. That's not transparency in govt. That's a cover up.
We need to build with countries & we made a lot of money to help the American people!
Get them Senator, make them own up to their responsibility.
Ok first I only read this post, after reading the rest,  tell them Ron Paul, if you come thrue, you are my DOG!  It's a good thing, friend .
Can you talk to your friends about the necessity of the press for accountability?  Govt. Should be transparent and work for the people.
"Disapproval", grow some balls, and passionately reject and fight like Bernie sanders would!
What you need to be doing is supporting America.
As a Dem I don't always see eye-to-eye w/ you. THANK YOU for shedding light on this horrible Saudi arms deals & the atrocities they commit
Good job.
How abt heading to the floor to act instead of speak? Repeal/replace, Tax cuts, pass spndg for military $'s. Infrastructure. #doyourjob
Go Senator Go!
That's a shuffle in the right direction...how about speaking up about the crap YOU KNOW is beyond words? #america #hell #handbasket!
NEVER thought I would agree with you on anything, but I'm 100% backing this resolution.
is that what you really care about??? There are more important thing that need to worked on and that's what they put there to do
No more arms toSaudi Arabia .
Good luck
@LamarAlexander #UNSC @BernieSanders @marcorubio @SenatorKingME @SenateMajLdr @SenWarren @JeffBezos @tim_cook @FBI @Snowden @KremlinRussia_E
disappointed in @realDonaldTrump re this
I wish we had more like u in south florda
Oh please...as if ur riding in on ur white horse when u & the GOP allow dipshit Trump to ruin our nation domestically & internationally. FFS
Do you care that @SenateMajLdr is suspending the Constitution?
Constitutions are negated in a democracy. Law cannot be justly practiced without a consensus. The whole Constitution has been trampled!
Really? Now is the time to so discourse? I thought you were better then that Rand!
Maybe you should re-think this before you act!
Good luck
True isolationist.
As a Kentuckiana, I sure hope you are willing to talk to the press along the way @RandPaul @casie
his press office has been very open
I think he is, too. Reacting to.@casie report on Senate Rules Committee banning reporters from asking Senators questions in Capitol halls.
Step down  , now.
Rand you cry much bro?
Its pos F-35s that don't work and have never worked right, if the Saudi's will buy the things let their pilots die trying to fly them
Love this.
Of course @LindseyGrahamSC is for selling arms.  I like how he refers to Paul as "the other side". Either with us or against us!!
Remember when McCain said Paul must be working with Putin? Utterly ridiculous.
I don't agree with everything you advocate, but I am 100% behind this effort. Please stop bowing to the Saudis and arming them. Enough!
All i know is you better start backing your Pres. It doesn't look good when all you do is fight him. Thank you in advance.
How about let's work on resolving issues with the New health care and get it passed!!
Might be the only time I agree with @SenSanders on a topic
@SenCoryGardner I hope you are not going to vote yes on this if you do then we know who your Loyalty is to
@SenBennetCO @SenCoryGardner This is an easy no vote
Run for president.
But OBAMA can give billions to terrorists!
BUTBUTBUTBUTBUTBUTBUTBUT
Own it Ulf
Cc @Aaron_forreal read the whole thread
Is this the new platform for senators to give speeches? Also, the poor intern that had to tweet this whole thing...
And say what you want. It's way more lucrative for the US to have the US dollar the reserve currency of the world by tying it to oil than...
Thank you!
Isn't it already done? Trump made that deal while on his trip. Is there a way to stop it?
I voted for Rand Paul in Senate election. He's so consistent.  What a great senator.  Thanks Senator for giving me hope.
Shouldn't you rather be calling for GOP unity in MAGA agenda, calling for Obamacare replacement, Tax reform, prosecute L Lynch,fire Mueller?
Give em hell, Rand!
Thank you.  We The People applaud your efforts.
Pfft
As long as the Petrodollar agreement is still in place why does it really matter.
pls rand i know u have bigger balls than 2 remain quiet re: #disclosure scandal we R talking Trillions (with a T) in mis-spent space funds.
@realDonaldTrump @VP Saudi Arabia needs to turn over all those complicit in 9/11 attacks before arms deal is fulfilled.
You and I don't agree on a lot, but we agree on this
Break a leg!
Way above my pay grade. But, please get on board healthcare and taxes and let's get this done. God be with you!
Thank you mr Senator
don't forget to bring the Pick of Destiny so your resolution of disapproval will take correctly #FANTASYCLUB
but @realDonaldTrump @POTUS said this was a great deal for America?  #MAGA
Thank you for all you do senator
Good Job @RandPaul
It's time republicans back the @potus @realDonaldTrump , you have all three houses and you are stuck in the mud!
Wouldn't Russia or China just get the money instead?
@SenTomCotton @JohnBoozman Please pay attention. Thanks!
Thanks Senator Paul. We don't see eye to eye on a lot, but I'm glad for the opportunity for some bipartisanship in a meaningful way
#StandWithRand

Yes. Lest we not forget they incubated and financed the 9/11 hijackers.
US has been selling weapons to SA for decades & all of a sudden it's an issue. Why not stop it last year, 5 yrs ago, 10 yrs ago, 20 yrs ago?
Why do we give arms to do called rebels in Middle East and obama hid sales fast n furious? Isis has out weapons obama n hillary not jailed
I usually don't agree with much you say but I'm 100% on board with you here.
In a time when I want to hate all politicians, the one glimmer of hope is Senator @RandPaul. Principled & honest. Wish he were President.
Heading to the floor to speak on my Resolution of Disapproval on selling arms to Saudi Arabia.
I wouldn't quite go that far. He doesn't have 'personal power', the power to exert force on the masses. Definitely needs to be potus advisor
no arms for terrorists!!!!
Than you.  Tell Saudis to take the Trump family
I'm not a supporter of yours but I must give credit when it's due. I hope this outlook is the future of your party. Thank you.
Well done!
How about your disapproval of kicking 23 Million people off of HC?
They still can purchase frm Russia or any other countries. U should know better abt free global market
Go Rand Go!
we won grettings Budah...;)
Any weak punk can refuse to take sides.  Pick a side or shut up!

We want health care, immigration reduced, the wall, tax reform. Stop screwing us.
Good luck!
so you're feeling down trump cut you out of the deal
More important, push to repeal & replace Obamacare! Plus lower our taxes and end the Russian witch hunt please
It's a sale barb, not a gift or in BO's case, a pallet of cash done in the middle of the night.
Talk about the #AwanBrothers and see what happens.
Great, if you can do it...
thanks for having a spine, Senator
Please do everything you can to stop it. Thank you senator
Good man. Good luck.

CHILDREN KILLED: 3 children & grandmother all dead when Saudi Airstrike destroyed their family home last night in #Yemen capital Sanaa. 
Rarely do I agree with you Senator, but on this I agree 100%.

#Breaking DEATH TOLL Rises: 720 civilians killed & injured today when 4 Saudi airstrikes attacked funeral hall in #Yemen capital #Sanaa. 
I understand your opposition and the problem of their use against Israel, but what is another alternative.
but how will they know freedom without American firepower?
#StopTheSaudiArmsDeal Giving Saudi Arabia $100 BILLION in weapons is a bad idea! Please call your senator NOW > 202-224-312 #tcot #ccot
If not killing us, who cares who the target is or how many die? Support for abortion kills more than ISIS. Give em guns, turn em loose.
Why aren't you speaking out on SECRECY of the senate version of #AHCA like you did for House version? Get your copy machine& #ShowUsTheBill
But how will the military industrial complex make more profit? You have to think about these things and look out for the little guy.
#MakeItHappen Rand!
Interesting.
I agree w/ this.
Kick #Merkel ass! #Tatiana
#standwithrand
I am behind you Senator!
Gov't should work this way! #Goodluck
Good!
