How can u get a job and not perform and get paid,ohh be a senator

& th reason for that is... Greediness of ppl who have health care & don't wnt any1 else to have it? or maybe country is un-Christian.
most UN-christian thing you can do is steal from someone, 

2nd most is give them a handout when they did nothing to earn it
U R very ignorant abt th laws & guidelines used to determine if a person is elligible to get help. Read Mathew 25:31-46, Who r th poor?
good to know btw, that you have to WORK before you can get handouts. who made that rule up? REPUBLICANS. who fought it tooth n nail DEMs
I c th poor as God's gift. Giving me th opportunity to do good is 1 of th greatest gifts i have received.
no, you FAIL at Gods mission by giving handouts to non-believers without checking to see if your own church has needs
Y do u call those whom I give help, "non-believers". Tht s just unkind, U don't know them. U r some cruel person, & u say u r a "believer"?
Senator Paul-Thank you for opposing the worst possible healthcare bill to repeal ACA. If it should pass, it would devastate 2/3+ of country!
@LindseyGrahamSC Just like with BO - if you like your doctor you can keep your Dr. Lies, lies, lies. Mandatory- Read it, read it, read it!!
I like my doctors just not the bull stuff about opioid abuse. They are killing chronic pain patients and terminally ill patients
Rand, work for us instead of yourself. Take a bite out of Obama care with Gram/Cassidy. Then go back for another bite later.
If you like your junk, you can keep your junk. Americans deserve full repeal
It doesn't throw ENOUGH people out in the cold, then?
Repeal Obamacare get it over with stop paying for it
You should be Fired
How about that crazy x girlfriend in Congress called obamacare? Dam 9 years and the GOP can't let her go. #movefowardamerica and forget it.
#PutinB->        bryan bow @matrixhacker34
Rand Paul likes the way it is so he can keep his job.  Both sides being played by Paul.
It only makes healthcare worse than already is. #noGrahamCassidy
Get on board Rand and get rid of Obamacare
#PutinBot =>  @marty_luttrell
No matter what, if nothing passes you're "ALL" through including you.
We need price transparency in healthcare. I should know what I'm gonna have to pay. Imagine if restaurants said you'll find out after billed
Please Support the Obamacare REPEAL! Medicaid is better than Obamacare &  Vets have the VA for FREE. Expand VA  to Vets children & Spouse
Yeah, I'll pass.
It is a first step.
Legislation is going to be passed. Graham-Cassidy is the least bad option. Otherwise, it will be insurance industry bailouts & single-payer.
You love Ocare so much you don't want to work with anyone!! It's time we sick trump nation on Rand and get @LindseyGrahamSC back!!
As a Kentucky voter I need change to start H/C change. Vote yes! Please focus and champion prescription drug cost, help your voters!
Stop the road th socialism!  Something is better than nothing!
Then vote no you party-first hack!
So either your way or we keep Obamacare as is?
Sorry senator not with you on this. This moves things in right direction your plan is unachievable
In your time as Senator, you have done nothing to slow rate of spending. Try something new or continue to be hard headed.
When the hell did you get bought off?
Senator Paul you have to start somewhere.  This, as we all know is work in progress. Make it happen instead of always saying NO!
#PutinBot ->        LP @info_pit
Democrats have illegal voters in New Hampshire and now you are going to reward them by keeping Ocare. Nice.

This is the same as skinny repeal, which voted for last time, plus it reduces Medicaid. Are you really this self absorbed?
Thank you Senator Paul for sticking to your convictions I agree with #RepealOnly and let John Smith's "invisible hand" play it's roll.
REPEAL only
Nobody believes that you will vote against it. OK? You yell just to seek attention but, you'll vote for it. Why? Because it's a cruel bill.
Is this what you mean?
Do NOT repeal Obamacare. I am from Kentucky and I vote.

This bill will allow states to opt out of some pre-existing conditions,  is that going to be cancer,  asthma,  mental illness? Ridiculous
You are a part of a Loafing Congress and a member of the freedom caucas (aka let them die). No vision and no conscious. Get to work.
Senators don't have O'care but a special "Cadillac" policy. Need to get care out of Fed Gov't and into the states to individually customize.
This is what the employment office sends us. It may not be prefect but stop Obama care. Later y'all can do more but vote to stop Obama care
Rand is a fake conservative.
Obamacare Rand wants us to suffer under the employer and individual mandates. Thanks for keeping government regulations.
It gets rids of the individual and employer mandates and slows the growth of Medicaid. Why would you not vote for it? These stay if nothing.
So, the other option is to leave Ocare in place. Great choice.
YOU will fold and vote for it like every other cowardly GOPer. How much $ will you get for your vote?
You have failed Kentucky and Americans! All people will remember is the guy who always voted NO!!!! No Guts No Glory!
Stand strong, Senator Paul.  The establishment doesn't want to repeal Obama care because of money they get from insurance companies.
What is this repeal & replace / Just stealing & spitting in your face https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cdPSQDKXy0s … #noGrahamCassidy #ProtectOurCare #ACA #Resist
Vote Yes. Get this through, then work with those tools. This Nurse is getting FRUSTRATED with YOU!!!
Why would you let the whole thing collapse vote yes and get it started
The bill would end...single payer... once the money for healthcare is out of the hands of the fed gov governors won't be giving it back!!!
Sorry, Graham Cassidy, this is NOT the best you can do.
Vote Yes & get to work w/that partial gift! You R REALLY frustrating yr medical Pros w/your "must be perfect or nothing."
@jasoninthehouse
Sen PAUL, You're offered half a loaf of bread, take it & work with that. YOU are now playing GOP obstructionist! Joahnna RN BSN CCRN CLNC
You are a hack who votes "No" for attention and because you are fine with leaving the ACA in place for everyone.
Get with the program Rand! Americans are suffering and u don't care because the bill isn't exactly how u want it. Smh stop being a baby!
Present a plan you WOULD support, cause so far all you do is obstruct.  Doyourjob
STOP! Vote 4 this NOW and FIX it later. If U SLACKERS don't give our Prez SOME wins YOU ARE ALL GOING DOWN THE TOILET! U had 8 YRS! FIX IT!!
RT @realDonaldTrump @tedcruz @GOP The criminal/corrupt #Congress-Big Healthcare Insur. Cos. Cartel in the #USA is the epitome of SOCIALISM.
No, maybe Graham/ Cassidy doesn't repeal, but it surely undermines American http://healthcare.GOP  STANDARD!
GOV_care 100% guarantee... Loss of individual freedoms, Price increase on the middle class up to 3,000%, & loss of quality.
"I predict future [bliss] for Americans, if they can prevent GOV from wasting their labors under pretense of taking care of them"--Jefferson
Ever take 2nd thought of the fact that when middle class USA lose...The "Profiteering Politicians" & their multi_Billion $ coffers win?
Politicians for GOV_care: Aw, hell... It pays me 6+ million per year! It MUST be good for the American people.
Diapers & politicians need to be changed often; Both for the same reasons.
#StandWithRand
No CBO score before vote that reorders 1/6th of US Economy. 

That alone should kill this bill. It’s irresponsible and not conservative
Big bloated programs/tax are like addicting drugs. To quit, sometimes cold turkey/sometimes step down. Take the step down program, please,
I agree with u. Repeal it all. Open the free market to fix HC.  Look at Medi Share as an example.  Anything else will bankrupt the US

That's a lie just like everything else that comes from the GOP
Your sales pitch is, "Keep Americans suffering under ALL of Obamacare until the bill is 100% perfect. Even though that likely won't pass..."
THIS IS AMERICA!!!  We need freedom to choose NOT to belong to Obamacare!  NO MANDATE!   Open free markets across state lines!
Say yes to what? Pay more on your premiums because the poor will go to the emergency room without paying? Are you people crazy?
I'm with u on your HC bill Sen Paul
CA is standing in your way on this
Please expose that
Crossing state lines 
G8T IDEA
Working Americans are already paying ridiculous taxes to support Medicaid! Why should we be forced to pay more taxes & subsidize Congress??
No DACA
No one pay INS
Get Government out of my home
No free medical for illegals
Americans First
Congress Needs to do a full Repeal
This bill has absolutely nothing to do with free medical for immigrants learn to read
R you Not smart enough to realize that a no vote will continue Obamacare mandates? Yes vote 1st (& not last) step taking it apart.
Americans are not stupid-just desperate! We know why Obamacare COSTS SO MUCH & we are angry that we are forced to shoulder this burden!
People that PAY for own health ins CANNOT afford Obamacare!Need choice, competition, POOL for working mid America----YOU ARE RIGHT! HELP US!
And limited or no coverage for pre-existing conditions I guess
And no one wants a billion$ more than I do.  So, you will essentially vote to keep Obamacare in place.
I'm glad you're not voting for it we asked for it to be repealed not fixed
Senator, thank u for ur  words on Fox. Stand ur  ground keep communicating w/PDJT, we do not want junk. In some respects Rep/Dem  r the same
Please, please vote yes. Please change your mind. We want full repeal, too - but we'll never get it. This is a compromise. Please!
Give it to the states - at least it can pass. Come on !!!
Did @LindseyGrahamSC really propose another govt health ins. program. Is he deaf. People want affordable private ins.
How do you eat an elephant.....one bite at a time.   Take the bit Sen. Paul.   Better to get a little of what you want than nothing at all.
Must b hard to always b the smartest man in the room. Unfortunately u hav to compromise but since u dnt pay ur own ins wht do u care
Send the control of HC to the states. Vote yes and stop resisting. We are heading to single payer bc you republicans can't get together
I live and vote in Kentucky. If you leave Obamacare in place I will look forward to your opposition in the primary.
Weird how Bernie got support for single payer all of a sudden, when Grahman bill is being promoted. Both will bankrupt America.
No it does not even come close to repealing Obamacare.
You live in an alternate reality, nothing wrong with taking steps you obviously never ran a business
Cassidy-Graham gives block grants to states & gets Fed Gov out of healthcare. It's the best we can get at this time. PLEASE VOTE YES!
I agree!  Take a look at this plan that uses one of YOUR ideas within it! https://odendevelopment.wordpress.com/  Saves $600B over ACA #healthyamerican
You are all mouth and no action. At least other republicans put forth a bill.  You however are an obstructionist!
Instead of always being critical of bills, come up with your own!
Please, vote it in then help to make it better. Consider it a first step. Thanks.
If they don't repeal they will be replaced
I'm a big fan of yours.  But if it moves the needle to the good you should vote for it.  It's easy to vote against everything.
It proves their not 4 the people but in pockets of healthcare companies & the bailout monies. They R not smarter than the #freemarket #maga
Repeal ocare now it's hurting hardworking taxpayers no choice and unaffordable
Ron you can't always get everything ones wants. Please support this current effort.
We can flood their office with phone calls saying we don't like Obamacare and they will be voted out at the end of their term.
You will never have it your way Rand.  Please repeal.
Stand strong and vote against this horrible bill. Don't let Trump strong arm you.
You are a fool and acting like a democrat. Learn to compromise when that is a wise choice. Grow up already.
nothing you write will change the FACTS: you DONT vote for this bill, YOU WILL KEEP obamacare. ITS VERY SIMPLE MATH, DUMMY
It should NEVER be "Rand's Way or No Way!" You're abusing your power because you won't compromise. We don't have #Congress O-Care exemption!
Possibly pushing this back to The States helps secure for the long run . At least some states protect LIFE.  Rather than FED Rule Back&Forth
I will keep it
I hope, because you have to have everything like you want it, you don't cause the GOP to lose some seats in 18
first published in march, BLOCK GRANTS ARE ALWAYS ALWAYS ALWAYS better!!!!!!!!!
Do u really believe that? U most b some kind of Christian. Do u go to Church & tht is what they teach u? @MSNBC
Of course u do, Y give ppl th right to have what u have b/c ppl give it to u. Freedom to be seeing by a dr. whenever u need it. @MSNBC
I really love u Paul.  But this is a good plan.  We have country hc here.  It's very good.  States can do this so much better.  Vote for it.
Obama care my not b perfect but it's a start. It recognizes our need to provide th ppl of this country what u get fr them. Pd health care.
I urge you to vote yes to Graham/Cassidy bill. Your "no" means Obamacare will live on permanently. Should we rename it Paulcare?
He should at least have some amendments ready for this bill
It's not ideal but go ahead and vote against it if you want to ensure medicaid is our infallible future. Compromises must be made.
ObamaCare MUST be REPEALED..there isn't one good reason to keep it..it was created for all things NEFARIOUS WE DON'T WANT IT ! Keep fighting
Take your meds while you can still get them.  With Graham-Cassidy, you're gonna die.
Since all r involved in nefarious acts of that bill I hope you read the 1000 + pages & looked up all the codes in Obozo-care u couldn't have
We Lived the 1000 pages of Obamacare, lived bec of 10 essential benefits. Lived bec pre-existing was no longer a death sentence. We lived!
1 national  risk pool, 1 national health plan 1 national provider network, 100s of private payers competing selling under these rules to all
@LindseyGrahamSC @BillCassidy @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr  please read
senators get paid from 5 to 50 million a year for big corporations that belong to k/j
Move over paul
Vote NO #GrahamCassidy
You do realize by voting against it AGAIN then Obamacare care "full flavored" stays right?
Why cant we repeal little by little? Something is better than nothing. Ur too smart not to see that, what are ur true motives????
Obamacare will never be repealed. The GOP -controlled Congress repealed Obamacare several times because they knew Obama would veto the bill.
BRILLIANT INSIGHT! EXPLAINS MUCH; PAST & PRESENT. IT'S HOW THEY PLAYED TRUMP FOR 9 MONTHS; WITH LYIN'RYAN AS THE "NO-CHANGE" AGENT.
Help robert david steele with operation unrig rand...your a good guy like your father
It maybe, like Obama, it's a lie and we will lose our OCare crap lol. I wish, what a sham, stay strong and unite Rand!
jesus, we get it. i am libertarian also but the perfect can not be the enemy of the good... vote for it and lets go from there..
The sad part is that you're a worthless liar who always votes for this crap in the end.  Who do you think you are fooling?
They'll knock it down to $999 billion and you'll tell us its a whole new bill as you prove yourself a liar once again.
Don't let them screw this up Mr Paul step on their throats!
@MitchMcConnell we want #FullRepeal #ReplaceMcConnell
Trash Obamacare now! It's sole function is destroying our health system, while gathering more money for government.
@FoxNews Rescind Congressional exemption  before any more action on it. Then American people will know Congress has a vested interest!
No. No no nope. This new bill will raise my premium for preexisting conditions. It will literally kill us. Read it.
I hope you and some that agree with you vote against the watered down version of Obamacare. Only a full repeal will be acceptable.
Listen Senator, we have to start somewhere. What we have is unacceptable. Millions, like me, could no longer afford their insurance.
Here we go again...#NeoConCare/#ObamaCare light. DC still doesnt understand Nov election message. Get it right,@POTUS & @GOP! Or just repeal
why do you even talk like this. You ALWAYS cave....ALWAYS.
Oh,it needs replaced alright, by the private market, to bring competition back,to lower prices.
Your vote will not be needed
But isn't block grants to the state at least part of what you suggested?
Please vote no on this bill. Ask your people what they want?
Yeah well they can be "dethroned"
Dump it and start over
Stop pretending. Senator Paul is a slave to institutions
Stand you ground Senator! @freedomcaucus @HouseGOP @SenateGOP must #FullRepealObamacare as #PROMISED to USA people who voted @POTUS #MAGA
Senator Paul, your opinion on debt, war funding & Ocare is admirable, but your not getting results on any of these issues.
#GrahamCassidyِ is a total mess. Please vote no for real this time. OpEds don't count for much when the votes don't match the words.
THANK YOU RAND FOR TELLING US THE TRUTH! OBAMA DEATHCARE WAS BUILT ON SAND & LIES NOT A GOOD FOUNDATION!
Grandstanding, @RandPaul- it's a step in right direction- gives more control to the states. Don't let the perfect be the enemy of the "meh"
2018 should see a replacement of several of these Never Trumping Rinos. Then we can get repeal. Keep up the good work sir.
Clean repeal!  Just get rid of it 100%!
Sen Rand Paul does not realize if u don't do anything we r stuck with it anyway. How stupid!!!!
We get it yet Establishment Rs don't give a crap about US~We're in serious trouble~I do a lot of praying lately~MayGodBless @Franklin_Graham
The bill is a step in the right direction. We can't afford to do nothing! Support the American voter. If this doesn't happenchange Parties.
I seriously hope you vote No. As a doctor you know it doesn't cvr preexisting conditions.  And ppl will die. Some ppl aren't as rich as u.
These bastards should be ashamed of themselves. Instead they slap one another on the back & count PAC contributions, lobby donations.
I know but, you guys can't eliminate the ACA in one shot. Small bites until it's gone.
Obamacare is a penalty not insurance. If you add that to our self-employment tax & my family is just losing A LOT money.
I worked 20yrs at 1 company &had benefits. Now no one wants 48yr old new hire & jobs are temp to hire or just keep you as a contractor.
Seems to me that single payer is a good option for you
Wish we could just do a family HSA or a catastrophic plan. Temporary policies are OK but exclude sports.
Graham is a stale bad joke.
Hey the same thing Muslimbarack said, keep your doctor, keep private insurance, lower premiums, SOUND FAMILIAR
He's not a Muslim. Stop holding on to old lies, we have fresh ones everyday
Obama was not a patriot IMHO. He said he would fundamentally transform America, he didn't lie about that. #SocialismSucks
Vote no on Graham-Cassidy. Protect your constituents.
The way I see this is we're on the down escalator toward Government controlled healthcare, this bill is a halfstep up while still going down
Rand will roll over. He always has on this topic.
Stay the course Senator, changing the name and making it a Republican law but otherwise leaving it intact is madness.
Stay the course, you're doing the right thing by opposing this bill.
Senator please read this:   http://freedomdaily.com/mccains-deathbed-secret-just-came-men-captivity/ …
Senator Paul, you just secretly want to keep Obamacare, because Kentucky has been pigging out on the Medicaid Expansion. Pathetic.
You better follow through and actually obstruct this or a lot of people are going to die.
It's a start and if you don't vote for it you should be voted out.
seems like you are the only one with integrity in Congress, although our Texas Senator Cruz is very high integrity.  Can you team up?
I'm reading under extreme duress.  Change your mind @RandPaul
I agree. I get my tax cut and the Democrats get a better chance at taking back Congress.
RAND PAUL : DO NOTHING OBSTRUCTIONIST : SWAMPSTER : WILL NOT SUPPORT THE ONLY AMERICA 1ST AGENDA ON THE TABLE : RAND PAUL: FAKE SENATOR
but it is apparently the best we can get from a bunch of incompetent assholes in Congress.  No you- respect your effort to get us out of war
You ALL DESERVE THE SAME HELTH INSURANCE AS EVERYONE ELSE!!!!!!
Starting to think "You" want to keep it & that's why you do nothing but make excuses!
Red flag, the lack of suggests that "latches" has taken place since they won't repeal it all together.
Yes & your stubborn "my way" will end up with everyone having to keep that trash ! Once allocated to states, repeal state by state
What do you think will happen to healthcare if your plan happened?
