1/2 I watched. I disagree with most of your political positions. That said, you speak as a decent human being. I am actually deeply sad re
No, you are obstrcting.  Not costucting and you are a disappointment.
Run for president. I'm a Democrat, but I could live with your level headed thinking.
Do something!  Stop making excuses!
Give em hell Rand I hate CNN
Afraid to go on Fox News these days?
Don't retire Sir run as an  independent
That good your on C NN side your not on the America People Side Tratior
Very disappointed in you. You have put your personal position ahead of the Republican Senate and a large percentage of the American people.
That's a negative Ghost Rider!!
Why to listen to you lie
No thanks, I don't watch #FakenewsCNN and I certainly don't care to watch you, who allows Ocare to screw me out of $2500 for NOTHING! ASS!!!
Need to write op-ed on getting peace in GOP
61 times? voted repeal and replace BOcare and now y'all fail miserably. 
WHERE WAS THE PLAN?
2/2 what has happened to GOP. Once a party with leaders/statesmen who held extreme Dems in check. GOP now bows down to amoral leaders/base.
Need help with healthcare... please help.
Missed you, thank God.
Thank you Mr. Flake
I CAN'T MAKE UP MY MIND ABOUT U/U SEEMTO BE IN MIDDLE & NOT DOING MUCH !!!
Why would I tune in to @CNN regardless of the guest? Rhetorical, don't reply.
Is Rand Paul a Dem?  He is acting like it.
Sorry. Can’t listen to @jaketapper. Or @CNN
Disappointed in you.
Wow !..so much anger,Sen Paul wants complete repeal read the bill it will tell you why a no vote,nice to reach out
Yea and ill bet HILLARY will tell you what to say.
Fake news fake senator good combo
2 reasons not to watch. Sorry Rand, need break from your excuses while Obscacare lives on. Celebrate with Tapper w/out me
No thanks that's the Comical Nutty Network.
Not CNN on my t.v.
Of course you are, a far left "news" program.
You are parking your hair to tight. TIME TO RECALL PAUL you can't work for the people time after time you block a step forwar. Go home..
Why?  Who is this Jake Tapper you speak of and what is a CNN?
No thank you, CNN will not be shown on my TV
#PuertoRicoRelief
Don't watch CNN
NO ONE IS WATCHING CNN OR YOU ANYMORE. ..LOL
Don't watch CNN. Try radio. It's the only place I get my news now.
#jsav Wake up Senator. Stop the nonsense. Be practical. Vote for the healthcare bill. alternative is single payer. Is that what u want.MAGA
Repeal ACA its mandates and subsidies
I am sorry I thought you was somebody else. You are doing what is right. I tuamk God for you. I thought you was Ryan
You could have fought for all races. W at you do for God going to last. The devil its will last for awhile but the bottom will come out.
I had so much respect for you. You gave let us all down.
Jesus said,"Peace I leave with you, My peace I give to you; ... Let not your heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid." (John 14:27)
ok! puszi!
And you want to brag about that? Are you as weak as #biotchmcconell
Trump ohhhh trump. #babydonny is a pussygrabber. Rand Paul how do you work with #babydonny ?
How does it feel to be "that guy" who votes with McCain, Collins, and the Democrats?
So much analyzing going on with the senate on c span today. Has anyone  compared current obamacare implode to new health care proposal?
Please vote to repeal Obama care. No excuses.
Sorry, can’t watch CNN as I’ve blocked it due to the racist Don Lemon tonight.
Sorry, no can do.  I'm allergic to CNN.  I break out in bad rashes when I stop off at that alleged network.
Why?
Mr. Paul , I'm one of your constituants. Get on the Trump Train or we will try our best to get rid of you!!!
Just where you belong, with the libs. Worthless incumbent liar. #reelectnoone
CNN?? Pass.. you suck anyway. Stick to your guns as the ship sinks. They don’t shoot well under water.
No idint watch CNN for the same reason I don't eat out of a toilet and I think less if you for being there
Why don't you go on FOX becaise you cannot take the heat pussy
Are you kidding me CNN? You and McCain and Collins are the worse Seantors the SORRY ASS GOP has Collins supports Planned Parenthood WOW.
CNN? You have shown your true colors. #FakeNews
Sleeping with the enemy
Why? We know where you stand 
Could you just kick him in his balls. You can find them in a jar someplace.

We are not paying you for news ratings.....do your job and get rid of #failingobamacare!
Why
No thanks! Traitor!
Nope I don't watch fake news on Cnn
Who cares loser almost like Hilary! Get with the Repubkican agenda or go away!
Who?  Where?  I don't get that channel anymore.
You belong on the Fake News CNN, matches your fake reason for obstruction.
Tell them Senator
Right where you belong, CNN. No thanks. Just do your job.
Why give any time to @CNN? They don't want the truth and hate non-socialists.
Never. The guy is a joke
Rand Paul on the Fake News Train ! #MAGA
Liberalism at it's best!!
I hope you don't spout the Afro-fascist leftist lies about "social injustice" that you've spouted before, Senator!
Dont watch much cnn
Why would you go on fake news
What a joke... WE THE PEOPLE DONT WATCH CNN
Please get off the TV and pass some legislation.
I'm done with you
Why?   We believe that everything on that channel is a fake.  So you are now or have always been fake?
Of course going to CNN as a RINO try look for sympathy.
How about NO
That does not impress any conservative nor the voters who elected you. Democrats didn't vote for you. Wasting your time w CNN.
Loser... you ARE a Dem
Of course you are, Rand.
Why with the Fake News Doctor Paul!
You said the magic words: @jaketapper @cnn = #FakeNews
Tell him to kiss my a$$
Pass this health care bill. Otherwise we'll have single payer. It's actually a good bill
The left wing propaganda network. No thanks.
POS
Will never watch CNN! Useless interview Paul!
Retire.
good place for you loser
Who cares!!!!
#CNNHomeofthefakenewspeople
No thanks not CNN
Why in the world would you go on that mans show?!
Don't watch fake news!!!
you're disgusting
Negative force! Kentucky will vote you out !
No sir cant do the fake news.  Love to hear your point of view. Maybe another time. Thanks.
CNN sucks
You absolutely suck!
No thanks
Ofcourse you are!!!
Don't watch CNN
No thanks! I do not like you or CNN
Don't watch fake news, so....no!
News Flash Rand - we don’t tune in to Fake News! You are looking desperate for attention. Support @realDonaldTrump
I don't watch CNN... do they need you to advertise!
Millions of middle class can't afford premiums and are not eligible for subsidies. Does anyone get this???
You embarrass the people of Kentucky. You couldn't agree on anything if your life depended on it. You are part of the swamp that has to go
Vote yes please
sorry don't watch clinton news network
So much is wrong with this sentence
love you senator, but can't do it
I would but I hate CNN.
Thanks for the warning.
Yep, a left wing media outlet. You are certainly showing your colors!
No thanks. Get to work you bum
LOL  
Nobody watches @CNN not even for you
To listen to all your excuses for not doing your job...no thanks
Don't watch fake news
Less than 400 likes on this post, Rand?  I'm glad other conservatives are seeing your actions as petty at this point. You used to be my fav.
No way I watch CNN. I'm sure you will get a pat on the back for your no vote. Can't wait for 2018 elections.
Congress should not be exempted from Obamacare...#suffer the way way the rest of us have to suffer under this bad bill!
Be American, even I dont agree with you in most of the issues, I think you cant be bought or bully as my Senador @marcorubio
What is your idea for health coverage?  You say your working with Trump, why don't we get a glimpse?
Thanks to people like you...single payer here we come!!!
Gross. No wonder you're a no vote.
Wouldn’t curse my TV to have CNN on it! Pick a better network next time and maybe
Don't watch fake news....
Boycott CNN
Don't watch that fake news sorry Rand.
.@CNN is #FakeNews. Just reported COS (John Kelly) was opposed to my stance on NFL players disrespecting FLAG, ANTHEM, COUNTRY. Total lie!
Discussing all of your legislative achievements? Or how you don’t have the votes to get any of your ideas passed?
Sorry can't watch CNN.
No fake news in my house! Would love to see you on @LouDobbs  or @cvpayne ..
Go on Fox News! Who watches CNN other then Liberal Kool Aid drinkers who all want Single Payer Government Paid HC?
I don't watch CNN, sorry Rand.
Wrong station wrong stance. No thanks
Tune in to Jake Tapper?...Not a chance! Please tell us after what it was you said!
no
STRAIGHT REPEAL
Block grants to States for Medicaid,opioid addiction, existing Conditions.
Free Market!
No Ins Co Bail OUT!
Why so u can tell us how u r voting No again!
Good for you senator! I'll be blocking you from this point forward. Republican congress house and senate are elitist asses.
Of course you are Democrat
Still beating that drum of the perfect being the enemy of the good. Meanwhile, hardworking families get to suffer or forced to 1 carrier
Voting to keep Obamacare worthless
What would you do if full repeal was up for a vote? You would vote against it because you're in the ins. pockets! FRAUD! You WANT OBAMACARE!
Sorry don't watch CNN
Fake news
You are the problem
No thanks!  Get Obamacare repealed and my taxes reduced....then I’ll watch.
I'm sorry I was at work and I don't watch @CNN
Come thru Paul help me and my wife. We can't afford OC. don't fail us
Should have been on russian fox The station all the assholes watch.
Respectfully Senator Paul..even though I like you I do not watch CNN..not even if my mother was on there.
Wow cnn ??? Are you kidding ? You really are on the non American side . You and cloony
Why. To get my blood pressure up through the roof listening to lies and nonsense doctor paul
KY wants you to vote yes to stop these Obamacare mandates!  If not your term will not be repeated to represent KY as they demand change
VOTE FOR THE HC BILL PAUL!!  WE NEED YOUR HELP.
I don't watch Clown News Network!
Gock
Will you talk about how much tax $ your slush fund receives from Obamacare?
The fuck happened to you rand
The fact that you choose to go on CNN tells me all I need to know about you Senator Rand
I NEVER watch CNN or Jake Tapper. Please reconsider UR vote, real Americans are seriously hurting & NEED Hcare!
CNN is fake news! Why would u talk to them? Says a lot about you.
No way. The democrat on fakenewsmedia
No thanks Rand.
Go tell the libs what a hero you are. Do nothing
Yer a good guy tho Rand .
Just like the NFL ..no need to support douche bags
I don't have cable.
Don't just talk about your job, get back to work we're tired of hearing you talk talk talk. Just more #FakeNews
Well, good for you. Completing your betrayal of the American people by comminicating with the negative IQ.
Don't give this parasite one minute of your time, Senator.  #FakeNews #FakeNewsCNN
Sorry, I don't know where that is on my TV.
