Thank you for standing up against this awful bill. That bill was awful. We need a free market solution not another gov one.
Take the freedom Caucus to the WH fix the bill and vote on it Monday 

Trump works weekends
- Single Payer!  It works in all developed countries.  It works for Medicare!
why doesn't it work in non developed countries then?
Get back n there and get it done. #RepealAndReplace  ty.
tell us why you oppose Montenegro joining NATO? In Russia wallet?
John McCain in Soros wallet. Rand Paul's objection = mic drop!
seems all USA politicians are in someone wallet. Total corruption.
GOOD Rand U R DOING THE GOOD WORK OF THE PEOPLE
What's the House Bill # on the Buying Groups you spoke of in this interview?
We don't need insurance, we need healthcare
all you did is grandstand & obstruct. Compromise & legislating is hard. As Reagan said "80% is a victory"
meanwhile the American people pay for your family's 100% insurance while we struggle. Way to go Rand. Thanks for serving yourself.
U r the most logical & common sense politician on the block, yet this "host" mows u over! WRONG. I still say fix ACA.
Perhaps the Senate could take the lead here? Why wait on the House? A passed Senate bill will pressure House TO ACT!
Thank you for killing this ridiculous bill. We need a better option that doesn't kick it down the road.
Absolute repeal. Open up free market with regulations on InsCos AND providers that actually protect the insureds.
READ PERSUASIVE BOOKS
WE TRUST U 2 MOTIVATED ALL IN THE HOUSE & SENATE 2 GET ON BOARD WITH UR PLAIN
#FullRepeal #FireRyan
voted to keep Americans slaves to obamacare.
@RandPaul you Republicans have such hardon's 4 or against Obama anything & everything Obama! Ur all so RIDICULOUS! Lie & kiss Trumps@ss
Keep fighting the good fight. Dont let establishment try to control the president. Keep reminding him of his promises
Congratulations.. You win the battle but lost the war. And made the GOP look like a bunch of chumps.  Great.
Beyond PISSED @POTUS blaming the F Caucus. He just lost my support
just repeal
Senator Paul,all my faith is in u & ur group.While I love POTUS,I trust u with all my heart.TU for ur hard work!
Ryan's bill was probably written by people who line his pockets. Typical of rhinos.
Obamacare 2.0, met with Obama after. >:(
@hplem @ericbolling  if anyone could have fixed that mess, I know it would have been you, Sen. Paul.  You are a true patriot!
senator you and the conservatives need to understand that if you do not cooperate with the moderates you will not pass anything
that also applies to the moderates, the need to give also
ok there are approx 40 in freedom caucus and approx 190 other republicans who has to give the most in a democracy?
Koch brothers $ involved here u guys have stop hurting party badly i hate bill but work together dont screw taxes up
hospitals buy up others making them bigger with more clout to negotiate with insur companies.
I would love to see you draft up a replacement plan, senator. I have always been rooting for you.
Rand is one of few i trust
Brilliant response by Paul.  He's so damn good!!!
not good enough 2 get the #trumpcare bill 2 pass his own party
where does everyone get TrumpCare? He didn't write it. Plenty 2 put on him, not  this
he puts his name to everything... why not this failure too...
let's get this healthcare thing under control!  Paul Ryan cannot be trusted. Support the President!
why not simple bill: 1. Don't have to buy health insurance. 2. You can buy any plan anyone willing to sell a plan.
PLEASE GO 2 @POTUS & GET IT DONE WE NEED HEALTH CARE NOT HEALTH CARE CARD
Good job Rand. I look forward to my Obama care premiums to rise another 30 percent this year. It's expensive to win.
Many Ryan donors are very upset.
I hope you will be one to lead the new Healthcare bill w @POTUS..no more Obamalite!
Ryan owns this! He must go!
Long overdue recall vote to send @SpeakerRyan packing- due.. @GOPHouse should heed 2018 warning signs
Convince President Trump to work both tracks together, obamacare repeal and tax reform. Defund Planned parenthood
GOP voted to keep Obamacare after 7 yrs promising to repeal & replace. All Talk & No Action
watch this it really makes sense!!
I need help NOW til they fix this. Can't afford Rx, diabetes meds, copays or penalty. Just applied for food stamps
Fund int bearing health accts with debit card for US citizens, say your $5K from your plan, After 6 mos debit 24 int-free pmts
Now is the time to take up your play to President fist time you explained it sounded like a great idea
@NetworksManager @ericbolling @FoxNews why do they call this a postponing  vote could it still go forward because of that wording
@NetworksManager @ericbolling MEET WITH PRICE AND THE @POTUS get it done!
ur still just an eye surgeon from Ky
Mr. Paul you need be the one advising Trump when it comes to writing the new Healthcare bill.
- Great interview. I agree 
not like the Republican party could count on you. You had your own agenda.
As a Republican, I'd like to know why you abstained from voting on SJRes34 & help protect Americans right to privacy?
Since you guys, theGOP caused this problem,WHY don't you all get together, POTUS has done enough, earn our votes!
Thank you for standing for everyday Americans. RyanCare written by Insurance & Pharm lobbyists. Interstate ins needed
Maybe you can, occasionally, remember that you aren't the Republican Party, you're part of it. It's how you ran.
Next stop Universal Health Care with support of the Dems.
Did you read the part of the Art of the Deal - when the other side just walks away and moves on.
Please work in a bipartisan way to improve the ACA.  The lives & health of all Americans matter.  Please protect us.
Wonderful, we still have Obamacare and government sponsored abortions. What are you going to help fix next.
#PAUL is my fave (R)
We r very disappointed w/the lack of a new hc plan to replace oc. Can't u n ur freedom group bring ur plan to light
pt 2 there has to be a new hc plan in place as oc explodes. We the people can't be left with nothing while u have its
if only there were more representatives of the people like you! The senators here in AZ are terrible!

President Trump please make it Federal Law that all government officials must use the same health care ins they pass
You wrote a health plan
you wrote a health plan. What happened to it, why arent you guys voting on your plan?
Where is the pressure on the Dems to help Bail out their disaster  of Obamacare?
Senator Paul what do you suggest?
Keep going Senator. You're one of the few that make sense in your arguments & actions. Thank you.
Senator,l been listening to your ideas for Health plan,I believe your plan meets that of average persons desperately needed ASAP
7 yrs of promise and what we get absolutely nothing. Don't forget mid terms are coming up
- Rand Paul is a Doctor. What does he know about healthcare??
Unhinged Bernie Sanders is taking credit for your win Rand. He's running victory laps with an aluminum foil hat on
Congrats to Paul on keeping the medicaid expansion in KY
I have been promoting Doctor/Senator RAND Paul from the very beginning! And very happy with his future ideas!
Why can't you sit down with @RepTomPrice and get this done?
Thank you Senator Paul! Keep at it! Leaders can and must work together to fix this healthcare mess.
Replace before Repeal? What a concept. #ReplaceBeforeRepeal
Stand tall!  Liberty is small government not different government.
GOP did make changes to work as team, the time was to vote yes, you Rand aren't working as a team.
Now GOP says drop it & you say lets continue... Rand isn't working as a team.
Rand is right. Repeal Obamacare and lower taxes at the same time. You can do both.
Still hav mandatory socialist medicine. Liberty  hurting. Will team come together? Hurry, let's go back 2 drawingboard-multasking
You and The @freedomcaucus did fantastic work sir. Thank you.
learned some new things last night. Thanks for sharing
Senator, you killed it on O'Reilly last night! Thank you and keep up the great work.  Becoming a huge fan!
REAL problem with #ACA implementation was #obstructionism! Work for THE PEOPLE'S wellbeing!
.@RandPaul @GrrrGraphics @ericbolling @FoxNews  Your plan makes sense. Keep getting your face out there explaining it. Ppl need to hear it.
If the people liked you and thought you were right they would have elected you president--- get out of the way!
I hope you guys can do what you're talking about but I just don't see any Democrats voting to kill ACA.
I am disappointed that you are not supporting president Trump!  Stop fighting against our president.
Teaching hospitals with low cost  hi tec solutions with all types of real charities
@GrrrGraphics @ericbolling you guys ALL better get it together and work as a team NOW
Do Republicans pass tax cuts or is this a problem too?
You @RandPaul  called it. @ericbolling
U nvr answered the ? at what would happen 2 the ppl alrdy on ACA with a repeal! I like your replacement idea
@RepMarkMeadows cards in your hands, you are to lead, give us clean repeal and right replace
I support Trump , I voted Trump but I'm on the fence about single payer health plan. Social security works
I'm Canadian. I love our health care. Not perfect but I never worry. My heart goes out to ya'll.
You're a hero lol
OK now it's time for the Senate to show the American people their health care bill.
They have been working on the last 7 years.
Hey Freedom caucus. Obama care is not freedom. What are the detail of your health care bill
little correction their it's "our" health care... remember get in the game on the team or "their" VOTE you out!!!!
Thank's for your common sense approach in this hysterical political climate. Get it done right or not at all
Rand you blew it! We won't forget!
"“I look forward to passing full repeal of ObamaCare in the very near future.”
IN YOUR DREAMS. You just ensured we still have Obamacare.
You promised to repeal Obamacare.
. Now you need to get to work to fix it. Oh, I'm a Kentucky republican.
your fired
When can Mitch get that Idea up for a vote?
US citizens demand a Special Investigator for Russian collusion.  Make it happen.
Sen. Paul; They need to put forth YOUR bill. It would pass!!!
Rand you need to speak one on one with Pres why not?
Passing out "The Art of the Deal"? I didn't realize how much of a joke Rand Paul is.
.@RandPaul @ericbolling @FoxNews 7 years. You now have full control. You have nothing. Republicans are worthless. Only know sabotag
keep up the great work!!
the democrats passed Obamacare without 60 votes, so why do we need 60 votes to change the entire thing?  Keep fighin
Ahhhh the sweet smell of abject failure...
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan  please listen to this video from @RandPaul
your plan sounded really good. I would love to hear more from you on it!  Bring it to the people to explain
forcing Obamacare on people then penalizing them They don't have it. Is not freedom
can you propose your plan to the POTUS?
meet with the president asap!! Keep the ball rolling.
You should of passed the bill with the stipulations that needed changes would be made. ridiculous!
Senator @RandPaul has a real plan that should seriously be considered. @ericbolling Why not?
Sen Paul, You should be heading this health care bill up!!!!!
FATE of Country at stake.
Go back to your colleagues & GOVERN.
lets see what your consituency says during releection as aca remains healthcare binding law.
You fool, might have cost the GOP dearly in 2018, hopefully American voters understand you alone had a selfish agenda
@LadyPatriot777 @ericbolling @FoxNews ObamaCare will repeal itself by implosion. Congress non-essential.
Propaganda. There is no repeal or replace. At least be honest. Don't let people think there is a chance.
One of our (few) great Senators.
The republicans failed us. Shame shame.
You have a plan bu it has no chance of passing
@realDonaldTrump please listen to @RandPaul We want his plan!!#StandWithRand
GOP voted to keep Obamacare after 7 yrs promising to repeal & replace. All Talk & No Action
Thank you Rand for exposing Rynacare for what it was, just  liptstick on the Obamacare pig. Perhaps Senate cando rite
this show that repeal was just talk to get votes so now it's time to vote out people. They couldn't get it done.
I hope your bill gets a chance in the House and Senate
what are we supposed to do now minimum-wage $2500 deductible premiums hi can't afford to use the medical
most Americans voted for republicans because they promised a full repeal of Obamacare. Thank you Rand for your work.
I support Senator #RandPauls's efforts & solutions to repeal and replace #ObamaCare... Smart guy. @realDonaldTrump
Repeal now
Never give up @POTUS
Fake news amay erode our majorities
Do it now Pass the ball to Rand & KEEP TRYING
as policies become more expensive due to risk pool and coverage many become a Cadillac plan.
high deductibles are policies reacting to the 40 percent excise tax on Cadillac plans in ACA.
looks like you're up to bat Rand.  Let's hope you have more than just HSAs in your pocket!
i hate when news anchors start running over their guest with the next question while the guest is still talking.
YOU better put up a bill.
Woohoo! After 7yrs, we have to continue to pay for obamacare. Let's all celebrate the fact we're a laughingstock in DC. #angry
Move on to tax cuts, securing borders, and deportations of illegals & visa overstays
Pres. Trump should have never allowed Pence,Ryan..to talk him into moving to replace OCare..First...let OCare explode
thank you Senator from protecting us from Obamacare-lite.  Your steady hand is admirable
Thank you for standing your ground! NO FREE INS able bodied adults. Choose your prem catastrophic .. 26yo are adults!
thanks, I'm stuck with crazy premiums and ridiculous deductibles,  useless!
if you don't get this done... compromise.... come together as a party ... you lose all relevance
so disappointing. Your "bill" to replace has 0.0 chance to move forward so why even do it. Waste of time. Thx for nothn
this is evidence that government should not be in the business of free maket capitalism.
exactly what he suggests. Do not allow gov to prevent citizens from negotiating health care cost
#dysfunctionalfreedomfreaks
Republican should not let John McCain caucus with them
Democratic party 1 Republican party are Losers you guys can't unite wasted opportunity sad day for America people
Dems were set up and you aren't a rock star. Work together and get some stuff done please.
#StandWithRand
thank you for standing up for our values. I wish you represented us in Missouri.
Should have moved the football downfield. Terrible to let prez 1st effort go down, or was that just payback?
why not just repeal. Previous system had flaws and needed some modifications. Not as bad as Ryans plan.
What are you and the GOP going to do now to fix the health care crisis, specifically and when?
You all need Newt!
@RandPaul
I/We must be allowed to not have health insurance.
And not be punished for not having it.
Otherwise what's the point of SSN?
Hugh Hewitt Can include Phase 3 of AHCA into budget reconciliation process. Congress?
I nominate Rand Paul for Speaker of the House, a man with common sense and integrity.
you wouldn't have voted yes on any bill that wasn't yours. Dems fight Republicans.  Rep fight each other
Now..Let's get it done RIGHT!!
Thanks for standing on principle and not politics. Conservatives in gov. are the last line of defense. Stay strong
@RandPaul
Originally the AHCA was to
remove the mandate to have
health insurance,
later I couldn't find it in the bill
Was that amended?
Your plan has NO chance ! You had to have known that before.
Please get Paul Ryan out of the way. We need to destroy Obamacare.
President trump, please don't work with this guy, he will never be able to accomplish anything.
The legit way to do this is that every proposed line of the bill should be explained in great detail then discuss but
that's hard to do if there's secret deals or corruption because then you'd have to reveal them...
