It is all very familiar -- Rand Paul once again standing in the way of repealing Obamacare based on his principles -- Please Quit Already!!
If Rand Paul stops being honest, stops working for the American People we're stuck with Paul Ryan.
Is that what you want?
#GrahamCassidyBill
I question Rand Paul's motivation.  He offers nothing toward the goal of repealing Obamacare.  NOTHING!! All Talk NO Action.
Rand passed an actual real repeal last year, do u know that? Obama vetoed it, now Ryan refuses 2 bring the real repeal back. Do u know that?
I am sorry -- did I miss something? Was Obamacare repealed by Rand Paul's bill?
Yes, the real repeal legislation passed and so obummer vetoed it. Are you gonna man up and have a real conversation?
I'm waiting for Rand Paul to put together a bill that the Senate can pass when it matters -- when we have a president who will sign it.
It will be available next week, along with the FAKE repeal
If amnesty+vote rights for Obama's migrant army is leverage why can't we actually REPEAL MASSIVE Obamacare tax?
#GrahamCassidyBill @RandPaul – at The White House
We gave Republicans the House, The Senate and Presidency why the hell won't they REPEAL Obamacare tax?
Paul Ryan MUST GO
#GrahamCassidyBill
Let them see the fruits of their labor at election time!
Your dad was the smart one.
Hey man VOTE YES 2END
 Obama care come on!for the good of America!
Put a stipulation we can change anything later in it
Obviously we will NEVER lift Obama's MASSIVE healthcare obamacare tax on Middle Class if not now. Paul Ryan+McConnell don't work for us.
#DC
They will not let their insurer cronies not make up the 
lost money for the artificially low experience ratings
Who is the biggest obstructionist-Rand Paul or McCain?
This is my son Jacob. There are other ways to save a buck without having to cut off peoples healthcare. You will be judged by God one day.
I have friends that are sick premiums are too high can't afford to go to the doc Tax check get taken barely putting food on the table
And they should have free healthcare. No one should have to forgo food or healthcare. Not in this great country of ours. Pity us if they do.
If you cant you answer the question then stop mouthing off about free healthcare
I don't mind my tax dollars going to help others. I don't mind your tax dollars going there too.
The government starts telling you what kind of healthcare you can give your child. If they don't think he's worth it they will let him die
You need to get back to your supremacist rally sweetie!
25% of something is better then 100% of nothing. It's called incremental legislation. Do the right thing.
We need amnesty from crooks like u that do nothing for a 140k a year
Thats fucking WEAK. With one liners like that its no wonder your presidential bid did soo well.
Look Mr Paul,I grew up in the 60's,on the mason Dixie line. We African Americans have no faith in Maryland to apply grants to health care.
The ACA is not perfect. But this new GOP bill by 9/30/2017 will hurt my homeless veterans, poor and preexisting conditions people. Thanks.
It's the Affordable Care Act, not Obama care.We veterans in Baltimore respect your consistency to say this last GOP bill is wrong. Thanks.
@NetworksManager get over yourself Dr Paul
If people in Senate wanted "your" plan it would be in place by now. When R U going to understand that?
 oh please picky boy
This doesn't sound like much of a DEAL..........their BOTH BAD!
Huh? Seriously, what planet are you on, AquaBuddha?
If Grahamnesty and McCain are for it we gotta be a gin it! They live for crushing the Republican party!
#StandWithRand.
#GrahamCassidy is another abuse of the budget reconciliation process; Scope was set for finance bills ONLY @USCBO
#SenateParliamentarian
Please don't make that trade off. That's a lose-lose NOT a win-win.
Come up with a better Bill ???????? Rand !!!
Maybe. But you need to get something. Try to get more next year.
What can be expected? Graham is a RINO.
No amnesty
I love your ideas Senator but haven't heard nothing but talk.  We need your ideas in a new bill to repeal Obamacare now!! I am fed up !
these ppl just complain about high insurance prices... it's like they want the healthcare for free .. the irony
i would gladly pay more in taxes to ensure that every person gets reasonable coverage. Single payer must happen.
everyone has to each their own mentality.. if we left it at that there would be no middle class bc the rich would take all $$
ppl are so stupid. They don't want healthcare, yes it costs money for insurance duh. Get mad at ins cos for hiking the prices up
fine, no healthcare but if u get sick and there's no insurance it's bankruptcy for you. Want to lose ALL your assets, fine.
Sorry @RandPaul I mostly agree w you but this is a good solid deal that gets the Feds fingers out of health care. You are wrong on this.
No
No!
Please support Grayham Cassidy Bill. Last chance. Reps must act now. You can still work w Trump after it passes.
So your solution is to keep obamacare? Idiot.
Stand strong, brother.
PLEASE do not vote for this bill, it will kill Kentuckians!
There is nothing wrong with giving it back to the states and then working on a repeal package. Get it out of the Feds hands.
You criticized only. Why you don't propose something that other can support you. Be American first then politician.
Vote against this bill.
Stand strong. Repeal and replace.
Settling for something much worse than we have now, is a disgrace. Why not work towards a true bi-partisan solution, and just repeal?
You're a pathetic senator. "I'm so conservative I have to have 100% of what I want or I won't vote!"
It's a start puts control back onto the states where it belongs; Fed 'helps' w/block grants, competition will drive cost down, less grant$s.
Then work on it to make it better, but it MUST START somewhere!  I DO NOT WANT TO PAY ANOTHER PENALTY!!!  OMG, grrrrrrrr....
Rand- can you do something instead of criticizing. At least GrahamCassidy are trying, I don't see you helping at all. Vote yes.

Laughing at dRumpsters, all hype no substance. None of you can come up with a proper argument. #maga are simple minded and #brainwashed
Sir close your eyes and say your prayers before you vote for #GrahamCassidyِ as lot of needy and poor people's lives are depend on your vote
For or against? Repeal without "Healthcare for all" as a replacement is when lives depend on their vote. #GrahamCassidy doesn't fit.
Yes, by voting against #GrahamCassidy you are granting amnesty for the ACA. Your all or nothing approach will get you a lot of nothing.
Nope. It simply means that any solution will need to truly be a bi-partisan one. As our founders intended.
Your ideology means nothing if the people in your state can't afforded or be cover under healthcare. Ideology over saving lives is stupid
Tea Party Patriots support Graham Cassidy. You are the outlier and trust me you make no sense
Or just let's keep Obamacare.  That's your only plan.
I love you Paul.  But you gotta vote for this.  I'm low income and my deductible is 5,000 frickin dollars a year.  Used to be 250. HELP VOTE
Too far out there Rand, something is better than nothing!  You will never get 50 votes your way! You and all dems always voting no it seems!
NO AMNESTY 
NO OBAMACARE
#NoAmnesty ever. Victims of illegals come first.#kateslaw #nosanctuaryforcriminalsact
Why are you being a hypocrite? you know there is 100% chance you are going to vote yes. Just say you will bow to trump, save your integrity
Ideally, we should have a clean repeal because law was a fraud, but we have to concede we will not get rid of elitist thinking immediately.
Obamacare ruined healthcare for everyone but Congress. Maybe that's why there is no real urgency to fix it.
#Obamacare is illegal; deport this immediately
@RandPaul is right: #GrahamCassidyBill is bad for America
It would eliminate federal mandates and return power back to the states. How can you possibly vote no? That's a gift to dems.
How are you helping the people of this Country?
I saw your Slavery for Doctors etc comments on Healthcare moving forward. That has to be the best rebuttal in debate bar none.
No AMNESTY!
No way do what you promised
If you want support give up the ACA exemption 
You're more of a hindrance than a person who wants to fix the system
Be a republican or put a different letter next to your name!
Unfortunately #GrahamCassidy is the best option we're gonna get. Only other option is the current #Obamacare fiasco. Pass the bill.
Bush got us in an unjustified war with Iraq, the citizenry was so upset they hired 60 Democratic senators, they gave us Obama care #madness
I agree that we need a full repeal but that isn't going to happen right now.Please vote Y on this to provide us some relief Senator Paul.
I give you an A FOR effort @RandPaul  but I think this #CassidyGraham OVOMITCARE is gonna squeak by - wanna bet a 1$ - oh well
Vote NO! From your constituent. 40508
No amnesty!!!!
NO AMNESTY!
Keep fighting Rand!!!!!!
Rand ... it's all we can get for now....
Just pass this An fix the rest later
Rand is a #rino who will NEVER vote to repeal Obamacare!
Pay attention to the President and please stop sabotaging him
Sen. Paul; Vote FOR it, then you can help MAKE CHANGES to it.
Go talk to trump!
Push to states and no longer have to take any responsibility right? Trump is an idiot to sign this !  Where is free market?
It is not Amnesty! Grow a heart! Dreamers have been here since they were young children. Take care of the border now.
Your NO vote just means a YES to Obamacare.  If Obamacare Care stays, it is on YOUR back.
stop the grandstanding....grahamcassidy is a good gop healthcare bill....repeals mandates, block grant funds to States, opens markets
No amnesty! No welfare for non-citizens!
Yes, and you can't do better, U can't get Repubs on board, while Dems and Senator Collins and @johnmccain2016 bout ready to back Bernie
Your analysis is a bit unfair. Bill includes some positives. Why don't you help them fix it, Senator? Also, can't it be changed inconference
Please for the sake of our nation think about retiring.
If that is true, why does Schumer,hate it so? Because it makes State Governors actually address the Medicaid costs in their own states.
No no no
It is better than the alternatives, and moves toward #federalism and eliminates the mandates. DON'T LET PERFECT GET IN THE WAY OF BETTER!
As badly you guys have screwed this up

A. I'd take 90% of ACA over 100%

B. I sure as hell would take it over Single payer!
Fool me once (President Reagan's amnesty) shame on you fool me twice shame on me!  #NoAmnesty #DeportThemAll #DACA
Kill it Rand. Kill it with fire!
Unfortunately since you guys messed up so bad the last time you are left with this last chance. Better do something !! Promises for 7 years
We have to start somewhere. Come on Paul. At least this is a step. Give us a break. You know they will not pass what you are fighting for.
Come on Rand.. If not this bill we'll probably get Bernie-Care!! No!!
YOU COULD NOT COME UP WITH ANYTHING BETTER THAT WOULD PASS. ANYTHING IS BETTER THAN WHAT WE HAVE! Vote yes OR JOIN DEMS AS OBSTRUCTIONIST
Luv ya Rand, but we have to get this ball rolling at some point!  Let #grahamcassidy be the launch point, and then tweak it later.
@realDonaldTrump is not going to do it! Relax. Your a great man and doctor. Heal people. He's a great man and will heal America. Same thing!
700 billion for the  military and we can't afford a Medicare public option while keeping the rest of the private Mmarket intact?? Bullshit.
If the Republicans would quite playing games, they have an opportunity to accomplish some amazing things for America. They are blowing it.
Start
the CHANT..OBAMACARE https://youtu.be/uF9p2B7ES5A  OBAMACARE SUCKS U'LL B
HEARING FROM US WE R THE PEOPLE FROM THE USA
Why does government suffocate our freedom to buy health insurance? Open the borders&allow purchasing across state lines&join large coops.
thanks for killing our last chance to repeal Obamacare, Rand McCain.
Come up with another plan Rand, quickly
#Russia Approves your efforts You want to Kill Thousands More PEOPLE than #GrahamCassidy . Hold out for Ovens #gop #trumpnazis @jimmykimmel
Keep on with the Babel-ing. Keep on with a political focus. See how Christian Christ thinks you are when you have to face him.
Keep it up.
What a real disgrace not too difficult completely repeal on a side note who n the hell doesnt have a prexisting condition wtf
Senator you need to vote yes on this get it repealed then work with GOP to fine tune. Last chance
Don't let them do this to us just repeal Obamacare & don't replace it if I can't get the right deal.

Out with the old; in with the new. Even if it is nothing works just fine for me. N
great idea to keep always making perfect the enemy of the good.  you are saying nothing in this bill is better than status quo?

We are never going to get what you want with the congress we currently have. Tackle this in steps. You eat an elephant one bite at a time.
Stay strong!
It rules that you're threatening to vote against this bill because it saves too many handicapped people
Did they already spend the money?
I see you still hate everyone not wealthy #Greedy #Venal #GOP
Ok drama queen enough. We all know you are gonna vote for that shitty bill anyways.
Why didn't you come to Amy Coney Barrett’s defense, when she was attacked for her Catholic faith, by Feinstein and Durbin??
So don't vote for it.
Please stop acting like you're not going to cave. You will vote for this. We all know who u r weak Rand
More shoveling of horse manure from same @GOP horse manure master shovelers.  When will this sham of repackaged #RepealAndReplace stop?
There is a reason Trump kicked your ass in the primaries.
Senator, help this happen because u cannot get what u want passed. Called compromise when u cannot win.
No. It's called settling for anything you can get passed, regardless of how bad it is. Why should America have to "settle" for less than?
Your my way or no way approach is wearing thin. I would love full repeal but you can't pass it. Time to secure smaller victories for now.
The Americans are tired of circumstantial politic and its politicians, when is the time for politics of principle.
Keep up the good fight @SenatorRandPaul   #repealobamacare
#GrahamCassidy would remove "employer mandate" would encourage job/wage growth. But u don't want that, do u Rand Paul. So vote the w/ Dems.
Who would do a better job with Medicaid funds, our Governor, Matt Bevin or Chuck and Nancy? Won't this curb healthcare lobby money to D.C.?
how about just come up with something along the lines who works get a discount on insurance and who is on disability we all help a little
Now Vets should get free care since they sacrificed there life's and time for our country just my thought.
Are we not America? Who we fought through many trials and helped the fellow man and showed such love for one another?? What happed to that?
Lets get back to that America that was once known and loved not this crazy fighting that our senator's and governor's are doing.
tired of this just work together for God sake and pray together. There's power in Prayer. God has this he really dose just trust him
At least they are trying. Keep talking and maybe KY won't notice you refuse to take any real positions on anything important.
That's a stupid statement. Amnesty mean 1 thing to any thinkin Conservative; - allowing illegal aliens to take our jobs, wages, & elections.
Sm bus owner in GA individual market. BCBS pulling out of market. Left with 1 choice - Kaiser. Will lose all doctors! Please give to States!
Kaiser is great
54 years old!Lost my ins health ins company each of the last 3 years. Have had my same doctors for over 15 years! Choice supposed to be mine
Hopefully
No amnesty.  Come on, Congress.
Ugh.
@realDonaldTrump Are you listening?
This Middlesboro, KY Never Trumper agrees with the MAGA crowd.  All of us say vote yes.  Or you could vote with Bernie Sanders.
i want the federal government out of my damn health care, tax system overhauled and borders secured,we voted Republicans in to do it. DO IT!
Please explain how it's OC if each state gets to do their own insurance?
Lindsey Grahamnisti!
No sir! It's stupidity. Boosting profits at the expense of healthcare is deplorable. Especially the elderly & sick. 32 million voters....
I wish we could remove instantly every Representative and Senator who wasn't elected in 2016. YOU want to do something TERM LIMITS!
#REPEAL #TotalRepeal #endObamacare
You are one of the very few I trust to do the right thing. If the rest of them try it, it's a trick. 
As one tweeter said, this is a crappy bill. True but Heavy Obama Care is pure excrement.
So you will vote to keep OC so you can smell sh.t?
Serious question: If we can't get the government to stop robbing us, why not use what they steal to help people instead of to kill people?
Come on @RandPaul.  Of course you are right.  Didn't you ever do anything before that you didn't want to do?  Vote yes.
Repeal it all. Don't replace.
Not amnesty - Grahamesty
@RandPaul OWNS OBAMACARE.
No Amnesty. No Obamacare Lite. #freemarket #RandCare #deportthemall #BuildTheWall
Unfortunately, the Graham bill is still Obamacare.  Please just repeal & let's get a joint-authored Healthcare bill passed taking 60 votes.
Why not do that without pulling the rug out of millions and increasing costs by 15-20% more than currently expected in 2018?
Something like only 15-30% of Americans want these shit repeal bills and prefer bipartisan fixes to the ACA. Enough bullshit. They've failed
And of that percentage, a vanishingly small number actually have any idea what the bills would... you know... do.
Sen Paul, you haven't liked anything! Are you sure you're a republican? It's not obamacare & if it needs tweeking, do it later!
Last chance!
He's NOT a Republican.  He's a Libertarian. #teapartygoestowashington.
This says (R)...pretty sure that stands for Republican.
Like Trump is a "republican".  Please, educate yourself on his actual policies.
Actually, had he run as a Dem, I would have voted for him! Please, educate yourself on the fact that Paul Rand is in the Republican Party.
But he wouldn't.  And as a Dem, I wouldn't vote for him. R stands for many things, but he is not a true Republican.
POTUS was once a Dem. So was I, until Obamas 2nd term. If Paul Rand (R-Ky) doesn't mean hes a Rep from KY, maybe he should run
as a Dem
You're thick.  POTUS is nothing. And it's not worth explaining that it's more than a letter beside their name.  You actually vote .
Are you okay with the lack of regular order?
So if they added buying across state lines are you a yes? 
They aren't. Buying across state lines is too complicated and expensive for insurance companies to set up.
No Amnesty for Obamacare or illegals. @realDonaldTrump @NancyPelosi @SenTomCotton @JohnBoozman
Not what it should be unfortunately to many of your peers are blue republicans and don't want to let go of the money they're controlling
Back to life, back to reality, back to the states you negative nancy!
Sen. Paul you are one of less than a handful of Senators who can be trusted in telling WE THE PEOPLE the truth concerning/bills!
So what is your plan senator. I like your style most of the time but you offer no solutions to healthcare
.
Rand, you are a singular voice with the inability to gain any support for your views - EX. Presidential campaign.

JUST GET OUT OF THE WAY
We need room for freedom of choice! Accountability by free markets! Ability to keep your doctor
You are a big embarrassment to Republicans and people who want to get work done.
it's hard for some to get rid of the g'vmt cookie crumbs ...
don't-cha-know
I trust your judgment but it's good sign to me that insurance and hospital stocks scared of this plan. They've lived off largesse.
Stop the moral high ground bullshit. It's better to give to states. I'm still fucked in CA but about 40 states win
8 yr ACA experiment failed. Return HC to states.
What ever ! You are utterly useless! You wear you ego like blinders !
Come on you fricking baby 
I wish the congress/senate would listen to you, especially ins crossing state borders

And I'm a republican !!!
