Please keep working on repeal
Wake up or you will be remembered as the one who kept Obamacare alive!!!
Hope you're not thinking of running in 2020. You'll have no chance after this! Americans are sick of your grandstanding!
@realDonaldTrump I think he is covering it all, Mr. President please work with him, is what the people want and we don't have to wait 4McCai
Excuse me Rand. We the people want our Pres. Happy you are blocking that. Your Election Day wil come up soon
What do you have to offer to plan . Compromise and work it out get it done the Republican Party is so weak all individuals work together
My hope is for enough patriots to stop pursuit of globalization & socialism n United States & put us back on track to capitalism & freedom.
@RandPaul Please use all influence to avoid having poor people shut out of medical coverage by cutting Medicaid.
#FuckRandPaul. #traitor #Obstructionist
Only the GOP could screw this up. Unreal! Rand Paul hasn't helped. Americans depend on GOP and again, they blow it!
#StandWithRand
Hope so! Do not pass current bill!!!
It is not it is another free loader's scam at the corporate and non corporate level!!!
Yet more TV appearances but no Town Halls. One word Rand: COWARD. Do your job! #bananarepublicans #townhallNOW
Thank you Rand Paul. You are a man of your word who is doing all he can to awaken his fellow Americans !
@RandPaul Medicare for elderly and disabled Medicaid for the poor. Open market for everyone else! It's really so very simple!
Yes so very simple! Let's for profit corporations have carte blanche to collude and set prices, care and caps. Didn't work. #nolaissezfaire
Previous system was Much Much better than the POS we got from BHO and clueless Dems who didn't even read the bill prior to voting! Fact!
I disagree. Wholeheartedly
Senator, give your state a break and let them have choices outside of obamacare exchange. Then let obamacare die on it's own with freemarket
I certainly hope so
That works for R Paul , gives him time to figure a way for more Americans to die.
Please don't give in to them repeal it
Stand with @RandPaul Repeal DO NOT REPLACE #Obamacare Get Big government out of r business @CongressmanHice @SenatorIsakson @sendavidperdue
voters r tired of politicians with word play. U promised "Repeal" so call it that & deliver or u will b replaced in 2018
"Repeal" or b "Replaced" in 2018 !!!
Must replace.  Sometimes compromise is necessary, with repubs, with dems.  Reform health care for better. Do it now.
Repeal Obamacare completely. National market. Tort reform. Many other things need considered. End tax dollar solutions to everything!
Please bring up repeal again
How about improving it
This may not be perfect but Rand Paul needs to compromise NOW.
@SpeakerRyan seems to want to cram in tax reform before shredding OCare. Stand firm Rand. Get it done clean, get it done Right.
Prob with this new bill is it prob won't lower premiums and improve care. It's a replacement for sake of replacing.
Senator, few Senators will accept your extreme position on the HCA. If all you do is defeat the bill, then you appear as an obstructionist
"Read My Lips, No New Taxes!" and Bush was out!  "The Repeal Obama-Care Promise!" will get Republicans repealed if it too is a lie!
No, Rand, they won't. They'll realize that none of you have a plan to fix healthcare despite whining and moaning for 7 years about ACA.
Government needs to get out of the business of healthcare!  Since Obamacare came around, my premiums went up 150%!  Complete repeal only!
Rand Paul wants an even worse healthcare bill than GOP presented. Vote him out 2018! @DrRandPaul
We KNOW it's not a repeal. If the proposed bill is better, meaning it does as much as it can w/o bankrupting us, that's ok
You are going to loose the house and senate if the republicans don't come together. Step back and look at the big picture
Repeal!!!!
There won't be a Rand Paul healthcare bill. Vote for the current bill otherwise you could be responsible for Republican losses in 2018.
.@RandPaul, true. Ur right Ocare should have been repealed,BUT mvmnt needed. At some pt, compromise better than nothing. Enough! NotAboutU!
Kentucky coal miners have turned against Rand Paul. He puts his donors before us in Kentucky
Hopefully more Republicans will realize that they forgot to include competition across state lines in their bill.
Here you go buddy.
You clearly need to do some reading on how health care works. The death spiral has been thoroughly debunked. What is your true game here?
Get on board to get republican deal done
We know it now, and @RandPaul is correct, and we are not happy.
Slave trade
Why cant they just repeal the bill.
Please vote with republicans
Have to talk and hear all sides leadership set on stopping ball.
If you're going to stand on principle at least make sure that others follow you. Right now they're not & your no vote keeps Obamacare.
Please put yourself aside and do the right thing. Vote with the GOP
Because all still have Communist Health care, and freedom health care keeping all Make  The money
Don't ruin this just to make a point
What the hell are the Republicans reading ?
The funny papers?
He's not half the man his father was: Ron at least had an ounce of humanity.
Keeping Obama care and Make new Trump care  because American zoo
Fix our money. #endthefed. Look how affordable healthcare would be with #realmoney. Enter to win 1oz gold coin:
http://scentssaverscandles.com 
@RandPaul respectfully inspite of ur ideological views less American ppl &our nation need a stable uniform healthcare system 4stronger cntry
Choice for and buy for
Letting McConnell stuff it with kickbacks sounds like business as usual and doesn't stand a chance of passing. Making us wait is not good
Just The Idea  Okay, Tobe fair equal about  What do business Way Keeping all Ex..Obama Care and Make  new Trump Care too Up to We The people
We need to repeal and replace.  Stay on board Senator Rand.
Why?
Repubs don't want repeal. Americans with brains don't want gov involved at all!

Isnt it a repeal and replace???
