Calling capitalism "crony" is just redundant.
No it's when government interferes in capitalism.As when Obama gave millions to solar energy companies which gave $ back to DNC then closed.
It's a two-way street.  If government suddenly disappeared, the rich and powerful would just set up a new one.
How about limiting government so that our liberty and rights are protected? Study conservatism, not Marxism. It's all about your future.
funny, I always thought conservatism was all about the present.

Trading government tyranny for private tyranny is no guarantee of liberty
You got that wrong. If a product or service is unsatisfactory, you can look elsewhere. Government has no competition and armed enforcement.
Also, capitalism is the only system compatible with your liberty. Socialism, Marxism, etc. require surrendering your liberty to the state.
Well that's not exactly true. You see those European countries are social democracies. Capitalism is a broken theory that makes the rich...
The bill is better than nothing and can be changed later if needed.
actually nothing would be much better. get the government out of healthcare. completely.
Giving too much freedom to the field that is so close to be natural monopoly will not make things better. I agree with the article, though.
why is it that people assume government has to be the entity to control it tho? big government sucks. they fail at everything they touch.
I am not for government regulations in general but which entity can control healthcare?
You understand greed is why govt has to step in? Outrageous profits are made w/o concern for the worker thus unions, which @gop are killing
So either give us the right back to fight for our wages or you're going to find yourself mediating btn companies & workers much more often
You can't have natural Liberty when Congress creates Serfs. Look at states restricting local govt raising wages.
Freedom's only apply when @GOP want to make profits or suppress someone else's beliefs. Sad!
But thank you for understanding this bill is
 & opposing it.
Stay the hell out of our healthcare system. Constitution does not mention federal govt control healthcare. Full Repeal
What is now called big pharma are in bed with drs&hospitals all across this nation&probably world wide
It's not Dr's and Hospitals you have to worry about, it's the incredibly inefficient FDA and their ability to throttle competition.
The FDA is all part of the problem. What they're doing/not doing has effect on the rest of the medical field throughout. Corruption
I completely agree with you. They're contributing to the high cost and limited competition in equipment, pharmaceuticals, and procedures.
And at the same time, medicating everyone& making them more sick than they were to begin with so they can make more money
It is a sad state of affairs when all of our institutions have been so corrupted that nothing they do can be trusted or taken @ face value
Yes it is sad. It makes freedom and independence just that much more important when depending on others likely has serious consequences
then get the hearings started and bring your great ideas in!
@tempteststorm2 pass it,  amend it. Ur  Z.#U can't take freebies all away like taking  presents  back. Rep need legislation
@realDonaldTrump Please stop the silliness about federal healthcare. It's NOT Constitutional. Void Obamacare and let those who ...
... can't afford healthcare insurance return to free clinics and Mercy hospitals. Let Systes handle the issue, not three branches of gov't.

HERE'S THE  FINAL SOLUTION FOR AMERICAN HEALTH INSURANCE
No more bailouts with my money please!
I love you Senator Paul. I always have and always will. I love your Dad too. If it aint right. Don't vote for it.
Anything now is a lot better than Obamacare. You dont' help it pass now, we r stuck with http://it.You  want that? We don't.
Please vote no, Senator Paul. Obamacare is costing me way too much, but I'm willing to wait fora free market solution.
Just repeal and allow country wide competition
@realDonaldTrump I agree with @SenRandPauI about the $200 B bailout. Why are we doing this @SenAlexander @SenBobCorker ? Reach agreement now
Insurance Companies need regulation. Why do they make so much money, claim losses & make sick people fight for benefits? Cap what Execs make
With the huge premiums they charge coupled with huge deductibles, they should be walking in high cotton, they get plenty of dough, BAILUSOUT
Healthcare should be a right. Free market will not fix anything. It will be rigged and manipulated. Too much money is involved.
You're kidding, right?!  Single payor is a socialist disaster!!  Ask anyone stuck with it!!
Check the stocks of the insurance co.s and you will realize that our govt. officials probably own most of it. The bailout is for them.
@POTUS @VP @HouseGOP @SenateGOP  NO! It is NOT a good bill. Get it right. You had 8 years to have something ready but all you did was gripe.
I agree 100%. However, I think we moved into the territory where healthcare should be a right. It is a national security issue.
I agree with you on healthcare, but I'll never forgive you your vote for jeff sessions.
Won't there be a choice for states to have more choices for what works better for their people?
Crazy to pass and bail out!  May as well keep obamacare's high prices.  This is sooooo STUPID
Keep on talking. We were promised a full repeal.  We should get nothing less
Why does the Senate not work together and get healthcare done!  Dr. Paul the voters expected you to lead...not just give it the wha wha wha
Well when you have Senators on the take from big business this the type of bill you will get.
Many of you Republicans next year's election we're going to vote a lot of these people out it's a disgrace what you used to doing to Trump
Why don't you and the rest of the Republicans take your finger out of your ear and start getting things done and stop blocking Trump
And who gets richer? The insurance companies.
Show your courage - add an amendment that mandates all Senate & House members and their staffs enroll in whatever healthcare plan is passed
Good plan!
It will not hurt them that much. They will just score political points. In any case, Congress should have the same health plans as others.
FULL REPEAL!!!! It is the only way 

Thank you for your extraordinary courage to stand up and fight.  Year and year we heard Repeal, Repeal, Repeal.  Now it seems to be Yield!
Remember the days the GOP were given House then Senate & Pres To Repeal OC. We wanted Free Market, Tort Reform & Gov't Out of HC
OMG!  I want a bailout superfund too!
Where does the Constitution say we are entitled to health care?
Everything against the American people sad sad and President Trump is helping it happen.
The Fed. Gov. does not need to be in health care you cannt get anything done its one big fight its a joke but you dont have the same care.
Single payer. Worst care the US cuts it debt. Healthcare insurance same as casinos. Make profit. on folks!
"GOP Obamacare bill"???? I don't think so, you douchebags own that shit!!
The  healthcare system will overstretch itself and the unrealistic balance of service will ultimately require a bailout.
Do U know Nawaz Sharif,Prime Minister Pakistan & his family involved in Corruption & Money Laundering, captured Red Hand, now case in Court
So you're going to leave us with Obamacare? Thanks. Cya later on election night.
How are we going to take our country back if you are voting with the Democrats?
They don't have the guts to really repeal.
greedy pigs at the trough!

Ocare is killing me financially.

But we voted for full repeal.

Take the time to get it right. We will weather the storm for free mkt h/c
A tremendous read on why the GOP is just a half baked version of the Democrats.  We really need new political parties in this country.
Vote no! The insurance companies have enough of our money. (PS: i love the red scrubs.)
Subsidizing an industry that turns out record profits year after year is insane

I agree with you repeal... then replace. I'm sorry the people that they say with 20 mil where not covered. What about us that have ins?
The insurance companies are already taking in so much money.  What would they need a bailout for? If allowed, that invites mismanagement
@realDonaldTrump -  we voted for REPEAL. Insurance cos are too fat and have too much linfluence in DC. NO safety net!
This is the main reason you will never be elected President. Your arrogant principled position to fail to question your own infallibility.
Ok.... can you propose to just take out the Bailout? Please help provide solutions? People are suffering now!
Repeal and replace. #keepyourpromises
Senator Paul, I respect you but you are wrong on this one, pass this bill and move on. The party is center left now, nothing can change that
"If you get 75 or 85% of what you ask for, I say, take it & fight for the rest later." - Ronald Reagan (even @RepMarkMeadows wants it passed
Stop using the term "new  Obamacare"... it's now officially the "trumpcare" bill and its failure is strictly on the Republicans #trumpcare
Delusional!
#DeepSixSenateBill
Just get it done
Please do not change your stance on gop obamacare. I am sick and tired of being lied to by McConnell and Ryan. Reid and Pelosi redone.
Just get something done. As a conservative I'm tired of your bull shit. You can make changes down the road.
NO BAIL OUTS FOR THE HEALTH INSURANCE COMPANIES THAT HAD $15 Billion in profits last year - that is insanity !
It's the Penalty for electing Obama TWICE, Senator! When in a mousetrap, the 1st job is to get out of the trap! Figure it out later
Always a gift basket in whatever bill they come with for the insurance companies. Those are put in there by the lobbyist.
True
Thnk u Sen Paul for standing up for what is right! RyanCare is a disgustingly corrupt bill. Y shld we be bailing out insurance Co?? We don't
Is this why congress people & senators r buying stock in ins cos. They know the $ will be there. What abt 'never 2 big 2 fail' @ our expense
Shameful. @GOP I smell toast, burnt toast Nov 2018. You can count on it. @HouseGOP @SenateGOP  #repeal & then free market solutions.
They don't need a freaking bail out,. Ppl are getting paid under the table.   They r not looking out what is best for us. They got to go
@JedediahBila @dcexaminer
 richest country in world,why can't provide health insurance 2citzens.republicans 2greedy.want pocket $
Healthcare is not a right
I'm a Fan Rand but you have to compromise on health care
@JedediahBila @dcexaminer  So you are for Obamacare...got it.
Whaaaaaat?????
American experience & progress is always a work in progress. Incrementalism should trump perfectionism. Case in point: US Constitution.
Repeal & NO Replacement - free market healthcare except for those truly eligible for Medicaid & Medicare:
You think you have the best health care bill. Most Republicans do not agree and although I like much of whhat you say: TIME to COOPERATE!
What happened to straight Repel
Insurance Co.s make a lot of money. Why do they need a bailout?
you need a starting point!!!  Or do you believe others do not see what you see and that others are so corrupt. Many agree with you but...
not only rights, be more flexible and less idealistic. A system must start and can be improved as time goes by. Trump is on your side but...
Hang in there.  We're with you.
to help President Trump and your republicans get the thing done. So who cares if insurance companies get a guarantee. Luck plays a part....
a healthy successful person passes a dying person in the street and does nothing.  Pls consider the limitations of health care bill and vote
Dear Senator: also consider that rights carry responsibilities. My right finishes where yours starts. You cannot have a situation where...
The GOP is proving to be as worthless as a promise from a Democrat.
Work for America stop and get independent investigation going Trumps son in laws own lawyers found the TRUMP JR EMAILS and Released them
You need to do the right thing and support the new HC bill.
It's always a rigged deal... just get us a few scraps... we don't need no champagne breakfasts! Thx
We should go back to the 80/20 ins system. People pay 20%, turn charges into ins co who pay the 80%. I'll bet peeps would take fewer meds.
what i do not get is why they want to take more off my ssi check? i like to see them at old age and health problem survive on $1,100 amonth
the republican party is so worried about be #1 and want to be the big cheese that they forget they work for us and not for the party, sad!!!
why in hell did you quit when you ran for president? i was a republican till trump got on board and i changed and will change to indipendent
and really sick people that do not have money, i feel if you guys cant fix it leave it alone, if you cant fix stupid leave it alone, right?
if this pass? me and other srs that do not have money, no savings, already struggling to survive, it will kill us, not counting kids
can you relate to your fellow republicans that they need to see where all of us are before they try to please trump, promises can be broken
does not like obama care because it is too expensive but she also carries her husband and three kids, but iam alone, who will help me?
i THINK i'M GOING TO PUKE
i only get $1,100 i do not have any savings, done two reverse mortgage to survive and that is all gone now what? if i cant pay property tax
please, try your best to not destroy us sr, i have health issues and there is no way i can pay medical bills also i noticed i will get
i noticed tonight in the news that what i a pay off my social security check which is $49. they take off i undersand it will be more, i onl
iam sure you have family and they are lucky you have money, iam a 78 year old that survives on ssi check which does not even cover utilities
I think he makes a great point. If the agencies make huge profits why have bailout money at the taxpayer expense? #maga
PUT AMERICANS BACK TO WORK! Deport Illegals, Stop all Visas! Once Americans have jobs, then we can think about Immigration! Not before!
We don't need to give entitlements to all! Only the sick, handicapped, elderly! We need to deport all Illegal Immigrants! STOP ALL VISAS!
I'm not for entitlements
Me either. There are people that need help and some that just need a hand up. Nothing should be permanent
Well in further reading, one hang up to repeal are our resent refugees and gov subsidies 
Refugees are not tax payer responsibility, we weren't asked if we wanted them here. Time to deport and send aid at a fraction of the $$
Come on Senator Paul. Let's get this passed. If we can get a majority in 2018 we can improve it. We will lose the Senate if we don't pass.
There is noe right to healthcare. Your only rights are spelled out in the constitution. No more no less. GOP senators suck just like dems.
I agree.  It's all about taxpayer funds.  We should not be subsidizing a 200% increase in insurance co. profits.  Cut the bailouts.
Why didn't you write a health program you had 8 years to do it
Mr Rand you need to get on board and support your republican president and stop trying to make a name for yourself. We are so tired of you
When was Capitalism not crony? A better option is a Single-Payer.
If any part of Ocare left intact next dem majority/ prez will bring it back.Full repeal was the promise we voted for. 62mil voters r waiting
@limbaugh Power in Washington must be stifling. I've seen those elected to change the system disappear. Trump finding it hard to overcome!
Please where are the numerous repeal plans repubs pushed for 7yrs? We were promised a full repeal. We were better off 9 yrs ago. Deliver now
Repeal!!
Republicans are supporting an inept ignorant selfish greedy lying dirty old man to be leader of America! Sad!
Rand Paul KNOWS what he is talking about - WHY won't we Listen????
Fake doctors doing commercial for the fake Party of corrupt.
the one thing the dems have on the repubs is they are always in lock step. repubs are whining and it's gonna cost them, fact
Thank you Sen. Paul for standing on the right ground for the American people. Repeal and replace first without question.
The Repubs are trying to create their own bad bill, maybe worse. Obamacare gave the ins. cos $18 billion. Repeal the blasted thing!
Stay strong sir!!
Get healthcare taxes immigration done, tired of republicans who are afraid to  govern only worried about reelection not average american
Wow
I agree with Rand and Ron!
Why is GOP pushing through a bill that hasn't been properly thought through? Take your time, make it something to be proud of. Not like #ACA
Thank you 4 standing on principles. How can @GOP support increased subsidies, continued tax burden & expensive healthcare. #HealthCareFraud
They in DC are saying the Soc sec will be broke in few-- but there is money big as ocean for gov h/care ! No!
No, a common lie.They are stealing from SS trust.That is why funds are down.  Also, rich are not paying their fair share in SS deductions
Thanks Rand Paul, for being a true conservative!!!
Kill it before it kills us! 
Kid Rock for Senate in 2018!!! Fuck yeah! Who's with me? #KidRock
we really don't have to have a deadline we can just wait to the midterms vote out some rhinos and pass the proper health care for citizens
When you go to the doctor & he interrupts you in 7 seconds...

That means...I think you R mistaking me for someone who gives a sh*t.
If you end up being the reason Obamacare stays your political career is over. You'll be the biggest hypocrite ever.
You all need to settle this. Americans are fed up and want a bill passed. You can't always have your way on it all.
.@SenateMajLdr Just REPEAL ACA! 50 State competition will lower prices/deductibles. Mandate age 26/pre-existing! Cover low income/poor Done!
Dr. Rand, We been hearing you and although a republican we like what we are hearing
Stay strong Sen Paul we support you and not this bloated corrupt bill they are trying to push down or throats.. repeal now!
Thank you for working for a free America! #FullRepeal! Stand #UnitedForFreedom!
Thanks for fighting! But what does this say about the main drafters of all the recent Health  Bills? I sense a garbage in, garbage out trend
Such a disgrace
"Healthcare" isn't care at all. Instead of focusing an treating symptoms, how about we focus on root cause of problem & truly seek cures.
Keep up the good fight
Seriously. Why are insurance companies leaving? Can they not make enough money?
On the Healthcare bill, I agree with you, but we cannot wait for perfection. Pass the bill and work on making it better.
U r not the Voice of the People. Trump is. I've been behind u & ur father 4 yrs. Now I fear u r a threat 2 our Republic. #BuildersGuild
WHAT CAN U DO ABOUT THIS?
WE NEED AN INVESTIGATION!
http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2017/07/leaked-documents-show-democrats-plotting-blame-russia-hacking/ …
We are trapped by the rise of people getting Medicaid and depending on Obamacare 3.8% investment tax to pay for it.
Because the McConnell/Ryan RINOs are in it for the graft and kickbacks they get from Big Insurance Healthcare Mafiosa.  Real pricing for all
With respect Mr Paul, you not support this"1st Step"in changing Heathcare will undermineTrump GOP and the country.Or is your ego that large
Vote No on Obamacare Lite!
Why are your colleagues pandering to the lobbyists instead of Americans? If this bill passes we are all screwed.
I hear lobbyists are trying to pass laws limiting liability in healthcare malpractice cases!  Using lawmakers to screw over Americans!
how much power (money) do they wield?
Not a REPEAL! Congress isn't on this plan and we don't want it!  A full repeal is what was promised and now broken promises! NO TY!
Why not repeal and build a better bill later.
Because the old guard of the Republican Party is paying the insurance companies back for the millions of dollars paid to them.
It's time to stop talking Senator. What you are looking for is perfection and not possible with gerrymandering districts.
#FullRepeal #NoBailOut
You cannot fight it, buy to offer people a chance to opt out.  Let them pay one time to opt out forever.
not on my taxes sorry no one should make that kind of cash in a day on helping others it is blackmail for life of people who can not afford
We have lost the country, Rand. Our slide into socialism is irreversible. We fought the good fight. You better than most. America is gone.
Stop the liars in office let America know what these ceo's are getting to big need to fail @WhiteHouse $50k a day to a man who is not a doc
Stop. He's our guy. Deal with it. What else are you going to do? Side with Schumer and pelosi?
The republican healthcare stinks to high heaven!
Thank you Senator Paul.  Keep up the fight.
#StandWithRand
Stand tough Rand!  I'm encouraging my Congressman Dave Brat to follow your lead!
