The irony is, that the free market was solving these problems until the federal government got involved.
Not for people who couldn't afford it. Or for underinsured people who got sick, then went bankrupt. Also, costs were rising pre-ACA.
great. now they are insured and cant afford to get healthcare because of high premiums and deductibles.....brilliant.
So tweak the ACA to fix that. More subsidies for the poor.
Cuz yknow we can typically afford more subsidies
The ACA is about taxing the rich (neither you nor I) so poor people (neither you nor I) can have healthcare. Nothing wrong with that.
While I disagree, I do like the way you said that haha.
Fair enough brother.
Fed should break up medical oligarchy & big pharma monopolies. Fed should do tort reform. Should pass cross state insurance mkts.
No Sen.  you are a spoiler and should be voted out of office.....
i take  umbrage that you
call yourself a republican...u speak BS
Those two concepts are mutually exclusive
Yes, and @SenJohnMcCain screwed us being the one too many against.
Yeah, about that victory moron. TRUST me, we ARE taking notes on the roll calls. Hopefully your on the next list of "Things to get rid of'
I agree with Huckabee... change the way we get senators elected
Don't know which republican is  crazier Rand Paul or Mentally damaged  Sen Mccain.. he is no longer  mentally well enuff to make decisions
The tea party is killing the republican party
#StandWithRand

We Americans need honest #healthcare and insurance reform. Will this get us closer to #SinglePayer?
Great job senator.
This repeal business is about giving out a tax cut to the 1%ers- don't let them tell you it is anything but @GOP loyalty is to donors not us
This is not a victory.  Eight years of this and 3 years of that.   Unacceptable
For real?! What happened to straight REPEAL?
All we see is how corrupt all of you are. That you won't do what was promised to the people.
If you guys can actually pass anything. Would be nice for a change.
The House And Senate Republicans are destroying the Republican Party and the nation.
The Tea Party hugs a wall & will not use diplomacy to accomplish anything. They are nothing more than Snow Flakes that say Don't Tread On Me
They use a snake as their mascot...does that remind you of Antifa?
Who cares about Tea Party.
We care about AMERICA!
#MAGA
The Tea Party needs to go away & we need to be about The American People.
That's why the swampy tea party candidates need to be drained.
Oh boy you must be on your but truck! Hurting thousands of #Kentuckians @TheDemocrats @kyvoices4health @KyDems @Norton_Health #FixOurACA

It probably really doesn't matter by the time if we ever get anything I'll be dead because I can't afford to go to the hospital
Stop bullshiting this get this thing done right bring the doctors AMA in it
@RandPaul THE DEPLORABLES GAVE THE GOP THE HOUSE THE SENATE AND THE WHITE HOUSE N WHAT DID WE GET FROM THE GOP NOTHING BUT LIES #2018 #MAGA
@RandPaul you all failed and have completely lost me as a voter except for President Trump when u don't support him urnot supporting US
Fu @RandPaul every single 1 of u GOP liars will b primaried u lied2us we gave u the house the senate and theWhitehouse and what did we get?
Looks more like a victory for Obamacare.
No it is not. The #skinnyrepeal is a mistake for #Kentucky #youcallyourselfadoctor
Thank you for this information 
Your view means a lot
Rand, keep it up and we'll vote you president someday.
Instead of blaming wayward Republicans focus on why 
NOT ONE SINGLE DEMOCRAT
will commit to repealing the Obamacare nightmare.
#FullRepeal
We need a full repeal
Skinny Repeal, move over! Here comes Emaciated Repeal™
The Skinny Bill (much like that sequester) is ridiculous and the people know it.  It's game playing and we deserve better.
Americans need the protections of the ACA.
Don't blow up the individual market. Many wonderful Americans get their insurance from that market.
People do die from lack of health insurance.  They don't get diagnostics. They don't get treatments.  They ignore things until it's too late
Bring "Skinny" home today Rand!
It's a step in the right direction, next get the state line restrictions down with more plans offered outside of the "exchange(dem robot)"
NOPE. Skinny is a POS cop out.
Don't make it worse than it already is!
I'm starting to realise just how fu**ed up this country is. It may take all 8yrs to 'drain the swamp'.
Amen.
Vote skinny repeal. Move on to tax reform
The only victory would be to make the Democrats insignificant. Instead their minority is still running the government. Govern...or leave.
people are tired of get it done , GOP and Dems need to get together. DEMS need to get their heads out of their ass and work for the people
Nah.
the GOP had seven years, did not know Trump was going to win, they should all get together instead of behind closed doors
You R wrong...Plan ends full repeal and replace. You are screwing us

Do it
GOP plan will raise insurance cost by 1000% If you can pay that all your claims will be denied based on PREEXISTING GOP plan HURTS USA!
After 7yrs that's all you can come up with! You people are fumbling with people's lives, just do what the people wants you to do"CARE 4 US"
Hás there been a vote on it?
This is not a repeal, it's 'bait'. Politics! Not PROMISE keeping!
Skinny repeal is nothing if you don't do a full repeal !!!!!
REPEAL IT ALL ONLY, we know the replacement won't pass right now! REPEAL OCA!!  Lied for years!!!
To me your plan violates the very foundstions of your Medical Oath.Stop protecting Hospitals.Charity surgery is doesnt make youaheroe.
But should have been total repeal. No votes should be held accountable
Did we miss a victory?

Okay, if you say so.
Sad we have so many 'SLIMEY' Rinos in the party.
Skinny repeal will increase premiums doesn't address med cost and will speed up death spiral which = faster path to single payer.
Spread the word among your GOP party , you've made many of us very  over no action
Will you be exempt from Obamacare?
I agree repeal it throw it out if it's so great why aren't the elected officials on it
7 years: WE WILL REPEAL IT! Yep, now we know, most pols are B.S. artists!
Every Republican that fails to keep their promise on repeal needs to be primaried and voted out.
Some brave conservatives in Ohio passed a price transparency law that would have destroyed cartel. They got Kasich to block it.
Since you tweeted this, does it mean you agree?
They can take "skinny repeal" & stick it in their skinny jeans.
Skinny repeal is an insult to the country. Get rid of the stupid thing. It doesn't work. It's dead. Get rid of Obama name
Full repeal a must with no replacement. Govt has no business in HC no matter which party writes. Let's be honest the HC lobbyist writes it.
Ryan Paul you are the biggest loser so take that smirk off your face you had seven years you were all talk those 7 years
7 years and u think 'Skinny' when u have all three branches? U LOST!
Just modify evil democrats currently badly funded #MedicareForAll bill!
How dare you, coming from the medical profession and younwant to deny millions from affordable health care! The GOP  makes me sick!
Pay attention to the senators who vote no on Health Care,they all should be replaced by good,honorable republicans who will keep their word!
You can stop making excuses. You were sent there to do a job and failed the American people. Now we'll rectify the situation in 2018.
If Obamacare isn't repealed and replaced the Rs will lose Congress in the midterms - people are fed up - and tax reform - these are 2 musts
Where does it say you'll be thrown in jail under the ACA? Don't stoop to @POTUS level.
Hey can the American people get the same heath insurance all of you guys get? Or can u get the same shitty u want us all to have???
On Medicaid people go to E.R with heartburn..Medicare can't find a Dr taking new patients..I know ..sick 2 weeks an still looking 4 a Dr...
Everyone knows it's a hallow victory.tou voted to repeal it 80 times and couldn't do it whe it counted . Failure to legislate. You all suck
keep whipping gop on hcare
Do no harm.... Right doctor?
WHY DIDN"T YOU KILL IT AND THEN START ANEW?   RIDICULOUS!  YOU"RE ALL WORTHLESS AT THIS POINT!
Easy to screw people isn't it Senator. You have taxpayer funded healthcare. Give that up and then craft a bill. It won't look like this one.
Repeal and Reolace!
Replace!
Blowing up the individual market will also affect hard working self-employed Americans!
Make sure congress and all govt employees have to abide by and be on whatever health care plan is created this time.  All laws for all
Of all our elected representatives, I trust Rand Paul the most
There's nothing to explain your betrayal of America. I expected better from you. Very disappointed in you. 
So, keeping the majority of Ocare in place is a victory?  In what way!  And voting against repeal when you ran on repeal, is simply FRAUD!!
That increases insurance premiums by 20% for the regular peeps.  Oh...that's right...you don't have to pay those.  Great plan "Doctor".
We need an even bigger Conservative movement next year. I was surprised @SenBobCorker voted with @GOP.  Not surprised on @SenAlexander  
@SenBobCorker needs to be replaced 2018 with strong conservative values instead of the same old tax and spend Liberal values
Exactly .do people really want gov making life and death decisions for them.? Nobody talks about that
what r any of US SENATORS good for? ever.  1% 99% ,constant for profit wars, USA PEOPLE health & wealth decline.  freedom joke.
Is it a victory for the people ?
This @POTUS broke his back to save your coal mining state. The same back you just stick your knife in. Stand up for your country and my vote
A victory for the tea party is a crushing blow the millions of Americans. The only transparency in what you're doing is who you're hurting.
Don't worry Rand voters will pay attention and vote accordingly in 1 and 2 years from now for scumbags choosing to hurt the old, poor, sick!
I'm for full repeal, but ending the mandate is good enough.  Accomplishes the same goal in the long run.
Maybe we can get some fat trimmed off and some lazy h.q.public will get off their rear ends and work for their healthcare!!!
No fuk noooooooi
It is evedent after 7 years of lies of Repeal and replace. Rep's cannot Govern. Last Time I vote for a Republican who gave no vote on Repeal
Not sure it's possible, but do you want to see if you can set the bar any lower!
I wouldn't call that a victory

You think there's any chance of them passing legislation that will actually achieve what they promised?
I guess you can declare whatever you want. Doesn't make it so.

At least this process has highlighted the liars and cowards
Then bollocks that up and declare victory as well

It's all wins. Can't get enough of the pretend wins
What about the 15MM people that will lose coverage? Congress should pass no system that they won't accept for themselves. Period.
 We can easily see the anti-Freedom / anti-American obstructionists now. Thank you Senator.
#Failed full repeal so senators need to start #Resigning @SenateMajLdr @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski and so on... #Unacceptable
#DraintheSewer #DraintheSwamp #MAGA
Invent "United People (UP) or peace world
center"

(From an IRANIAN civil engineer)

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XN7H1773Fg8&t=325s …
All I have to say is get rid of this damn law!
A career ending victory. I'm ashamed of you.
lol
CBO estimate on the Affordable Care Act tells a different story
Sorry, I think I missed something.  Why couldn't we do FULL repeal?
what was wrong with, REPEAL IT????
You jerks in the @SenateGOP are going to repeal the mandates but STILL not let my buy whatever damn plan I want!
only a politician would claim victory in defeat @RandPaul, pathetic!
Thanks for trying
Nope
When are we the American people going to have the victory?
You must simply be ready to gouge out your own eyes...the process of ending mandates and allowing choice of plans = #maddening !!
Every time I hv thought you screwed up, I was wrong. Saworry! Only a few times though.
Disgusting Rand Paul
skinny repeal sucks! it is a victory for the swamp!
So, given that full repeal (which I favor) has failed, you prefer leaving it alone? There is something to be said for letting it collapse
SOMETHING must be done...nothing is not an option. Brick by brick is way better than nothing.
Hope those who wouldn't just repeal the destructive thing lose next election, to anyone.  They are pathetic, not conservative.
You took an oath to serve the people and now you refuse to do so no votes for you this is why we voted for trump to get rid of politicians
Good. Tea party conservatives thank you for looking out for the country and being fiscally conservative!
Sen. Paul, you and your pals in Congress should just go ahead and kill the poor, sick, disabled and elderly..
that appears to be your goal!
Sorry sir but with all due respect as you're on of the few good congressman, this country needs Congressional Term Limits, US Article V.
Rand, I'm interested to see how many republicans vote for single payer when the dems call for a vote in that, which I here they are...
We need to address how ALL Dems can vote in block step.  Can we all spell COWARDS.  Sr dems hold campaign $ 4 votes. Illegal?  Dangerous
Rand paul type that takes his ball home if not played his way
I thought you were all about FULL REPEAL?!? Guess you're just another hack without principles.
I just quit following you Rand. You sold out also.
So you would say Victory=16 million Americans losing healthcare? #killthebill
Your motivation should be to protect the American people instead you act to protect yourself & silly political whims. #KillTheBillDontKillUs
Instead of wondering what you can do to help yourself politically and serve big business, ask yourself what is best for the American people.
Hint: you haven't gotten it yet. #KillTheBillDontKillUs
if victory means higher premiums, and collapse of markets.  Oh, but "repeal" #skinny
Nothing that happened today is a victory ACA must go all of it
Thank you for all your hard work!  You are a true patriot!  God bless you Senator Paul!
I know you're a true believer and all but starving people out of their health care isn't really better than ripping it all away at once.
The only thing that is skinny is my purse paying for "affordable care"!!
Let's see it get done!!!
You have betrayed us and now all your colleagues are playing the sad song of failure, is the American people worth it?
the lure of the public largess is addictve 4 far 2 mny elected 2 SERVE not lord ovr the ppl. It's this adiction tht needs breakng.
