Why do you want to tax me to fix it??
Because we are civilized people, Gregory. Why have a country if we cannot take care of each other. God bless you for being perfectly healthy
Best description of those who think they should only pay for themselves-- the temporarily healthy. Health care is a shared responsibility
PLEASE WORK W/ @POTUS & ALL SENATORS TO RELIEVE THE POOR & MIDDLE CLASS FROM UNFAIR HEALTHCARE COSTS! Thank you!
You realize that is not their plan, right? Their plan is to relieve costs for those who make $250k a year and up.
Where is the proof? Thanks.
Oh good god, you can read the text. If you are too lazy to do that, I can't help you. If I throw up a link you will scream "fake news."
It takes a brave man to support something unpopular that won't happen, like all those repeal votes when Obama was president #courage
It does. It takes courage to take healthcare away from people.
But he's only for taking coverage away when he knows that won't happen. *That* takes real courage.
How will it possibly not happen? I don't understand the logic.
Knows repeal unpopular. Voted for it when Obama POTUS, and it couldn't happen. Now agnst repeal when Trump POTUS and could happen. #courage
Oh. I got you. Miscommunication on my part, I guess.
Time to repeal Obamacare, IRS, tax code, drug laws, minimum wage laws, Federal Reserve Act & Department of Education Organization Act & more
Let's only help rich people get richer and hurt poor people. That's a great idea... Idiots
After you open your eyes, open a few books.
It's time to #RepealAndReplace the @GOP if you guys can't get this done.
Give it up already your have 8 years and noting .most inept senators ever.
Yes get it done. I am so tired of anything with that
If @GOP wants #BetterCare 4 US y not look all opts try diff approach
What abt community based primary care+free mkt?
Here is a @GOP health care fix that actually takes care of the country's health. Reagan would approve it. @JDVance1 https://www.forbes.com/sites/carolynmcclanahan/2017/03/27/rising-from-the-ashes-a-novel-bipartisan-approach-to-health-care-reform/#7479ccce2ab4 …
Regan was an asshat...
 there happy?

JimCrow now that u we're able 2 get that off ur chest, what do find most troubling abt community based primarily care?
Horowitz tweeted a great idea....
do not cut Medicaid, Medicare , veterans or low income families. period . leave pre-existing in !
The GOP is proving incapable, and you're leading the charge! I believe it's purely ego. U can't stomach the fact you lost... Trump won
...I don't know, Senator. Right about now, repealing CONGRESS seems the first, and more effective, step.
Another terrific #BenGarrison cartoon! The "Obamacare Monster"! Cameo appearance featuring R.Paul, M.McConnell & P.Ryan #RepealObamacare
RT @realDonaldTrump Corrupt #Congress created the Healthcare oligopoly beast (UNH, Aetna, Anthem, Cigna, Humana). The #USA wants Free Mkts.
#medicareforall
Make @lisamurkowski and @SenCapito go on record voting to keep Obamacare
Nonsense.  You didn't repeal it.  You and the Republicans are dead to me forever.  Will never vote for any of you again.
Health care is not a right.  It is something you need to acquire for yourself and your family.  Anything else is socialism
Bigotry
Best case scenario for you this is the maximum hate possible just like you wanted all along. How do you have the gall to say you are a Dr?
Blood oath? Yeah right
Get it done
You said its terrible for your family. Can we see your plan, coverage, deductible, and how much you pay for it...
Time to repeal and replace Rand Paul... GTFOH
Individuals wanting to keep the current healthcare speak of their own personal needs. Repeal is what's best for our NATION as a whole.
Yes it is. Shut it down. Give doesn't need to be in healthcare
Get it done. I'm tired hearing about any thing with Obumer's name on it. Eight years was eight years too long. REPEAL IT!!!!!
Go ahead and repeal and millions upon millions of people will never vote for the GOP again. I dare you. Can't wait for 2018 you make me sick
Wish YOU were the Senate majority leader...
Can we please get insurance companies out of healthcare?! Why are business men sitting on golden toilettes dictating people's healthcare?
You think these rising costs are due to rising costs in actual care? Ha! 
As premiums rise for consumers, Obamacare-subsidized health insurer reports huge 34% increase in quarterly profits https://www.axios.com/unitedhealth-second-quarter-profits-boom-2461393486.html …
P.S. I know you don't think that. 
I know. Haha! 

Isn't the P for pedophiles? or PAtraitors?
democrats love kids,sick people,old people,young people whit out insurance act ect
pizzagate 
The republicants wont!
You need republican support for that not just a bunch of do nothing RINOs.
U R CLOSE. ALL AMERICANS SHOULD HAVE ACCESS TO BUY HEALTHCARE PACKAGES AT A CORPORATE/GOVERNMENT EMPLOYEE RATE.STOP GOUGING US INDIVIDUAL S
I'm with Rand Paul on this one I switching from independent to libertarian
Time to change leadership in house and senate they are not supporting the people's Trump Agenda
Yes...do the repeal. How about having doctors advertise what their prices are. Have you ever tried to get that question answered?
Let's repeal Congress's healthcare for two years. Walk the walk...
Time to listen to your constituents who don't want a repeal. Put "serve" back in "public servant."
Yes. Fuck democracy.
It's so sick that you can blithely make these statements that would entail death and destruction for so many Americans. #Macabre.
You are a brilliant young man. Keep being THE leader on this.
Americans & insurance companies cannot afford health care (HC) costs. Don't treat the pain Dr- treat the cause: HC costs
Why don't you join team America instead of team republican party. Don't you all get we are sick & tired of party politic BS. Keep #ACA
#FullRepeal
No sir. Time to fix ACA. 
Please fix. Not repel.
Rand Paul is Right...REPEAL MESSAMACARE !
Please dont
Do it. Repeal that mess and fix it slowly!
We need a new leader in the Senate . Time to repeal @SenateMajLdr
#ReplacetheSenate
From your lips to God's ears!
Repeal doesn't t mean replace. Keep the government out of healthcare. Leave running it 2 the pros, not political hacks.
De Oppresso Liber
Earn your money and benefits and actually pass a bill!
My question is so your taking John Mcaine  health care too? O never mind his wife owns the Budweiser right in Airizona. He is covered
I certainly hope they leave you holding an empty sack.
Out of curiosity, what happens if it isn't illegally funded like it was before?
What do you have to replace it or is it the hell with the millions that lose their insurance?
Based on my assessment of the Senate Bill, that was a repeal, leaving it to States to pick up and continue what makes them happy.
mafia-esque @GOP want a cut of every healthcare $ spent. Grave damage to quality/access to care-w/self ration cause co-pays unaffordable
Bailouts-aka payoffs to donors-kickbacked to politicians will cause grave damage to healthcare-Premiums w/skyrocket-rationing by copay
You now seem to be dancing to a new tune. Afraid of reelection? Hard to follow your position on repeal and/or replace O'Care promised by GOP
It's been SEVEN years and you need TWO MORE to try and come up with something?  You truly are clueless.
Shut up already your people in Kentucky are turning against you because. Hopefully they will vote you out
Yes it is Senator...Get em straight up there Rand...After repeal there are a lot of things that could be discussed be to bring cost down
stop searching for what has been created....The ONLY FREE MARKET-FEDERALIST NATL healthcare alternative to Obamacare
http://careinhealthcare.com 
The CBO says doing that will leave 32 million people without insurance.
Time for term limits for Congress.
#RepealAndRepeal, Dr. Paul.
It's past time. Your showing us how inept you all are.

Ideologue Rand Paul refused on to compromise on a bill that eliminated the worst aspects of O-Care. Now it's here to stay. Idiot.
Thank you Rand. Full repeal 
ALLOW ALL AMERICANS TO HAVE ACCESS TO BUY THE SAME HEALTHCARE PACKAGES THAT STATE, FEDERAL & COUNTY EMPLOYEES ARE OFFERED.
Time to keep Obamacare. It's what worked for the majority of people.  Your position as a senator is to keep pushing for a sane agenda.
Let go of the hatred towards President Obama and instead work hard on improving the ACA. Place country and people before party
Thank you Senator for being one of the only FEW who cares about the status of our Country. 
Just repeal it and get it the hell over with. #NoHealthcareBill Regulate if you have to hosp., pharms, and especially ins. co.
OK Rand, Let's get the Bill passed, and onto POTUS' desk!!!!!
It's time to stop obstructing repealing Obamacare/passing a new healthcare bill for America! You are breaking your promise to do it first!!
Get'er done MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
@limbaugh Repealing Obamacare is only hard if don't wanna do it. Govt wants 2 control American's healthcare, so they can control Americans.
#StandWithRand
I'm sorry but WHAT DID PEOPLE DO BEFORE OBAMACARE? yeah go back to that until a better deal is done Healthcare is not a RIGHT
You just talk...#DoNothingGOP
@FoxNews @realDonaldTrump @IngrahamAngle Time's up. GOP had 8 yrs to plan for this and has failed dismally. No unity. No forward plan 
Is the one who makes perfect sense! @hectormorenco
I saw a suggestion  Add pre-exsisting to medicaid and lower age.  Let the rest go back into market
How did you like being threatened by Trump? That's what it feels like for the millions of Americans that are going to lose their HC if there
is a vote to repeal!
Wrong! Time for damn Republicans to come up with health care that keeps mandates so we can all have health care. Republican plan= Death Plan
We are so so so Sick of this We the People gave you Rep POTUS, House & Senate your screwing us the American hardworking people! #GetItDone
How about repeal all the Republican senators
Yes!
Bipartisan FIX...please work together. Lead by example by collaborating with the blue not demonizing them.
Time to fund the risk corridors.
Why? Why not try to fix it? And no it's not in a death spiral.
Get out there and preach!!!
Senator Paul,  I know you want your way but you're hurting us Americans that voted for HC Reform......please get on board.
"How about pursuing a prudent choice and lead a bipartisan effort to create a healthcare bill that doesn't terrify your constituents?"
What the hell is the government doing in healthcare anyway? it's not their job, they'll only screw it up like everything else it touches
Because corporations only care about profits. There is no profit motive to treat anyone who is really sick, or not well off financially.
Why do you think they subsidize theses companies? So they have money to contribute to both political parties, it's still profit
ACA is a GOP program. U Just hated it because the black guy took credit. But keep trying, you'll figure out a way 2 kill poor folk soon.
OH BS YOU CANT EVEN GET YOUR STORY STRAIGHT WITH THE SENATE LEADERSHIP. STOP BEING THE LOW LYING SWAMP CREATURE AND HELP AMERICANS SUFFERING
Sir you need to do whatever you need to do to get your GOP colleagues to vote for straight repeal. There are only 3 work as a team
Repeal and Replace...support DJT .....
Liar
SWAMP Remember Midterms
Give it up, Sen. Paul. Repeal as a standalone won't happen
Repeal
No insurance company bailouts repeal it
Just go with Trump and then try to sort something better for your state.  You must support the president.  You have to compromise this time.
In life you cannot get something without sacrificing something else.  Trump is giving you an optout for your state TAKE it and help us!
Sen Paul you're the only person in congress I actually trusted with this GOP bill.  Thank you for standing your ground!
Please support Trump and approve the plan before you leave DC.  Do not embarrass Trump any longer.  Accept compromise.  Please do it.
@Freedom4Dummies @USATODAY Glad Rand doesn't join the rino brigade. If @realDonaldTrump is smart he'll back Rand #FullRepeal
Randal, how do you call yourself a #Christian or #doctor when you want to deprive 22 million of basic health care? #Resist #Trumpcare #Unfit







#Fullrepeal #Ponzi #Control #Freemarket
#deadchildren
#PlannedParenthood Get off my twitter, you twit!
My bad. But, what does abortion have to do with the repeal, other than both hurt those who can't protect themselves?
The #Republican senators talked big knowing #Obama would veto it, but now #Trump will sign it,they're scared to pass it.Time for term limits
We voted for a over paid senator.gave him too much power.he is not looking out for the American people.
Rand  Paul Tired of you excuses Kentucky will remember this.your stubborn.Do something..
Not"time to repeal Obamacare"--time to repair in the 8th year of continual attacks, yet no GOP plan except tax cuts for the 1% , & cut care!
The #Republicans seem to be afraid to actually pass a bill to #RepealAndReplace #Obamacare because #Trump will sign it. #RINO
Rand, time to hold a town hall. We've been asking for 6 months. You have time to meet w/donors, businesses and The media #DOYOURJOB!
Please keep fighting! Thank you for being loyal to @POTUS. #MAGA
he voted against the GOP healthcare plan you dolt. He sabotaged the president.
Repeal or be FIRED!
Keep up the effort Rand. The ACA unconstitutionally forces Americans to purchase a product from profiteering businesses. Repeal it now.
you're nothing more than a racist
All the best
Our prayers are with Senator Paul
How is that working out for you so far
Yeah, *uck all those people who finally got health insurance because of the ACA. They can always certify themselves as doctors, right?

YOU R ONE OF ONLY HONORABLE MEN IN D C. I WILL NOT SUPPORT ANYONE WHO VOTES TO LEAVE TAXES IN HEALTHCARE. THEY ARE LIARS TAKING $ TO BETRAY
To everyone who has donated to the @GOP , call them at 202-863-8500 and demand a refund because of the fraud they are perpetrating.
#DTS #magA
Cmon Rand let's get it done!!!!!!
Makes the most sense and that's why I fear the bill will never make it to the desk of @realDonaldTrump.
Please do not repeal w/o emplacement. CBO already scored an 18 mil lose insurance the first year! Are you going to approve that?
sorry, w/o replacement. Will Congress give up their insurance also?
Thank you
How do we get the self-absorbed fungible off the tube and back to fly over country where he belongs?

Time to repeal politicians who prefer the selfish ideology of Ayn Rand to decades of empirical evidence from our Western allies
Repeal as promised
Do it!!!! 
Well the you better convince those 3 Rinos. Cause those 3 are screwing us.
All the peoples representatives should live by the same laws and bills they pass on the people ! How can they understand what they don't use
Mayo Clinic criteria for narcissistic personality disorder include these features:
1. Having an exaggerated sense of self-importance
Poorly written article, Senator, devoid of any shred of rationale about how this strategy benefits Americans. It's all about politics. Enuf!
Unbelievably cruel. The Dems won’t own it when ACA is lost on your watch. Only a moron would buy that.
Come on help trump we need ur help republicans help Trump or u will b voted out
No thank you.
We want a complete repeal!! No replacement!
Time to repeal and replace you! You failed Americans! Are you using the government supsidies for your care? Time for full-time recess!
your party had 7 yrs to think of a plan. now your party says give me 2 more yours to put something in place.
The promises were rotten planks. @RandPaul, how can we take "ruling party" representatives serious? Keep dancing!
Time to repeal you
Leaders would have a plan after seven years. No plan? No leadership. Not sure what your party has been up to all this time.
I am a Ky voter and you just lost my vote.
You are a liar and a coward. Read the struggles of your everyday families. To repeal WILL DESTROY their lives.
