No
ACA scuttled 2-person businesses onto the individual exchanges. We want to buy small group coverage again!
Please replace ACA with tax cuts for the super rich and end coverage for working poor. Thanks, bro! 
bring market forces to the hospitals and doctors not just the insurance companys. price transparency.
,respectfully,why is it insulting to question Price about his motivations?One who wants this responsibility should welcome scrutiny
Great response to the dems at the healthcare hearing today!
PLEASE RE  HEALTH BILL, CONSIDER: TRUTH AND EQUITY IN MEDICAL BILLING impt to reduce med costs.
lol thanks for letting me know what not to watch
can we name one thing Paul has done for his states poor? Kentucky last in everything.
I was rooting for you in the primaries. Now I'm losing all respect with your new found authoritarianism.
I watched it. Keep doing what you're doing. Thank you for working for the people.
So excited that middle class might be able to JOIN A GROUP to lower cost &have CHOICE!
I wish there were more like you in Washington.
you're better than Fox
Surprised at Sen Paul for promotion of this right wing propaganda machine. Don't agree on lots of points but u r too intelligent for this.
(individual premium with 4K deductible)
How can you support @BetsyDeVos? She doesn't understand BASIC EDUCATION CONCEPTS. #StopDeVos
Let's not forget your father's compassion to his campaign manager who died without insurance - that's apparently your new plan for all of us
So happy to see you working on the repeal and replace. I know you believe in free market solutions.
Just now on MSNBC you said the uninsured rate before ACA was 
"10% to 15%".

 Wasn't it more like 18.2 % in 2010?
I am! Never miss Rand when he's on the news network! Smart, sensible,and sensational
we all know where that federal funding for schools will end up with her in office.
thanks for the warning, I will switch to the cartoon network
@GOPtoday @foxandfriends @FoxNews why have these hearings when the Gop don't ask any hard questions, Dems don't ask the right ones
maybe you could tell us DETAILS about your healthcare plan?
Actually started to respect you during the election. Turns out your dad must be ashamed of your ignorance.
compare congressional members not attend inauguration with the state they represent election results.
to announce you're changing parties?   Only concerned about himself; not constituents and working class.
I support replacement if ACA but am skeptical about raising taxes in my state TN. State tax now already 10%! Fair?
get rid of "spend it or lose it" thieving FSAs. Build ONLY HSAs so ppl can keep their hard-earned $$$.
Sen Paul, to cut $$ for insurance & medicaid, you must stop paying for illegals & refugees! They even get SSI.
Nope
Like your healthcare plan ideas, best I've heard yet.
Are you going to support Bettsy DeVos to head the Dept. of Ed.? If yes, please explain why on Fox News.
watching
wasn't to the only republican to vote against repealing obama NOT care??  He should have no say!!!!!
Heard you loud & clear Representative Paul.  Hoping for cross state line competition with your plan! #maga
So glad we have @RandPaul in the Senate putting Country first Repeal and Replace same time. That's so Obvious
Keep up the good fight!
many could learn from you!
competition so important in health care. Govt run health insurance never works in real world.
much respect to you, sir. Pure class and a true American. God bless you as you continue to work WITH Trump
good.
sounds like a good plan!!
GOOD JOB RAND PAUL
Keep up the good work..Dr. Paul
. Why do some act like we were living in Baghdad before Obamacare? Has to be tough acting that ignorant.
You are way too good for Fox...don't do it!
Big point...everybody can buy...not a free ride ..everyone needs skin in the game..personal responsibility
watching yes lower the cost to where it was would be great....
oh joy
Amb. Powers on Russia.  All Americans need to watch.
http://c-spanvideo.org/xa0hq/ 
Thank you Senator for your solutions!!! We appreciate you.
Federal Reserve audit, please.
Watch out.  Steve Doocy has a terrible cold...  Now, go get em!!
Watching FoxNews now!
Lookin forward to it sir!
