Quote from Rand about unemployed getting insurance. "They have cobra..."How much does cobra cost Sen.#heartless
I have & you need to do your own research. Real people are being gouged. Shame on you!
maybe you're paid to be a liar just like the rest of the GOP.
.@RandPaul @chucktodd Rand, why won't you listen? We don't want it repealed unless you are replacing it with universal health care.
We don't want your stinking health savings accounts.
Why such joy in taking away people's health care?
Medicare for all is perfect solution
And, what about that replacement?
"There's no money left"...Solution: RAISE TAXES ON THE WEALTHY. Increase SS threshold to incomes of $300K. #DoYourJob
True. It is capped at $130K, which is the reason the pool is dwindling. I would be all for everyone paying. Have a great day.
just give all of us your insurance Rand
replaced with what? #paultoady
Sorry Sen Paul as much as I would like to see you I cannot bring myself to watch MSNBC and their bogus broadcast
Why are you so excited to take the healthcare from 30 million Americans?
AND REPLACE.
What will Rand replace it with? He has had years to do something, but done nothing.
With something that works. Agree that it should be ready. POTUS bid distracted him, imo.
A lot of the #ACA works. Fix what is broken. He only wants to replace so it is not called Obamacare.
A lot?  Really?  Affordable?  Not for people that are actually paying for it.
Did you apply for the supplement? Did your state expand Medicaid?
Remind the people about all the special interest projects Obama built in the Obama care and kick backs . Repeal!
go ahead and repeal it and don't replace. See what happens. #youwontdoit
being your checkbook rand hope your ready to help those who lose it
why don't you do something productive?
Rand? What did you do wrong?
You're tweets are looking more and more like Paul Ryan's. You don't have to remind us every hour, just do it
as long as concurrent replacement is included ... I agree
Agree , do not replace. Increase supply -allow consumers to hire unlicensed doctors, legalize ALL medicine.
and listen to rand talk about his plan which has no detail and is going nowhere...kinda like his prez run!
what about those people that will die without health insurance? Do you not care?
Tax credit Russian roulette isn't going to work for 60% of the people!
Sorry Senator Paul but we stopped watching MSNBC when they exposed themselves against our new Administration!
. Why would you bother with Chuck Todd?
@TheDemocrats @MSNBC @GOP the NEED for American public is ACA Fixed. Much of ACA is paid by the rich so rich NEED it repealed
No, we do not need repeal!
who the hell cares
You People that we pay with OUR money think you will get away with this taking away AHC, WELL YOU WILL NOT.
DO YOU EVEN LISTEN TO PEOPLE RAND?
Rand, give it up. Your constituents don't agree with you and desperately need ACA. Do you care?
& all the Healthcare for the other Republicans & family members but find it too expensive for the average sick American, MY tax $$
are you kidding?  Why? #nooneswatching
give us we the people the same health insurance that we provide for all of you. You guys seem to like it.
& U are insane enough to think my Tax dollars should pay almost a billion dollars a  weekend for Trump in FL,& for your Healthcare
Unemployed ppl cannot afford Cobra, mostly. A group purchase based on Cobra eligibility should get a cheaper rate I would hope.
Sir,shouldn't people be entitled to the same coverage as their representatives? Yes,that would be you!
U been there to long u have never been a member of THE WORKING POOR.  U live on their tax$
talking about people living off the govt... you guys are masters at it.
Thank U Sen Paul for speakin out on EVIL @SenJohnMcCain @AP @drudgeheadlines #Kentucky @PressSec @SASCMajority #AZ #ARIZONA @GRETA
yeah I am ok w/replacing Obamacare w/same insurance congress has since "we the people" are paying for that.
I agree 100%
please talk about #FATCA and the 9 million US citizens lives that are being turned upside down b/c of it
you know when you work 2 jobs to get 40 hrs and no one offers insurance what do you do?? ACA is all we have.
good luck with that!!
That is not what the country needs. Wrong solution, wrong problem. WRONG. #GovtMatters
<gets tax paid gold health care but calls those on medicare a tax burden. Paul has turned into a useless partisan troll
I'm so disappointed in you recently. Full ACA repeal bad for too many & you became epitome of party b4 country
Unless you leave the taxes and/or fines dems. will never go for it
Mr P do you know what the actual cost of COBRA is get into the real world
You speak   politics"associations"? -stop your rhetoric and do something!! YOU are irresponsible!!
out of money unless Trump wants to travel #winterwhitehouse or Pence goes #Super Bowl
You sound like a shady used car salesman. #youreekofdesperation
If you continue on this path to take affordable healthcare away from The People, your political career will end.
You're also probably a dr who cared for insurance only pts. Make sure u protect greedy insurance companies!
I just listened to you talk about health care. You are truly ignorant when it comes to healthcare.
Geez what was that?  You are unhinged delusional
How about improving the current legislation.
How about repealing the unregulated manipulation/rigging of markets by the US Treasury ESF? #GlassSteagall
People can't afford cobra. It's 3-4 times the cost without the income.
Listening to your idea of creating an "association" for the uninsured to save pre-existing conditions. Insurers wont OK
But start with the Mandates first.
Senator Paul, you should know complete repeal is impossible.
Give the people the same Healthcare u have end of study
Trump should just pass you the ball, Senator.  I trust you more than anyone else from either side of the aisle.
Oh my I do not and will never watch MSNBC
Most uneducated don't!
funny,you sound more like a hannity fan where you can just pull facts out your ass!
Oh God come on Rand its #fakenews
Would they consider a Chuck Todd repeal also?  Sorry, just had to go there.
CHUCK WHO??
Don't let him disrespect you.
Kynect was a success. You do not speak for your constituents.
No tax payer money for healthcare! Return money to WE THE PEOPLE!
Even Trump supporters want healthcare. What's your deal? Cancer doesn't care about your voting habits.
You know that the only thing he's thinking abt, wants to talk abt is Russian hacking of the #Oscars
could see everything but your head, was that it up your ass?
You are fake.
don't do anything without considering the unemployed underemployed and those on disability. Quit infighting
#StandWithRand
Hope you have a relative or friend whose life was saved because of PPACA. Kynect was extremely popular.
good luck Rand! Chuck is a joke at this point...
...and replace. #HelpfulReminder
