RT This isn't "REPEAL & REPLACE". It's "TWEAK & REBRAND" like a SNAKE, #HealthCareBill is simply shedding its skin. It's still a SNAKE. #USA
#FullRepeal
They might as well keep obamacare.  These are both hybrids.  We need medicare for all or full repeal.
#FullRepeal only Hell No to single payer
Full repeal does nothing.
Just remove all laws for health care.  Let market determine cost.  The competition should keep costs low
Laissez faire does not work didn't before the ACA will not now. Rand will vote what he Overlords tell him bark Koch boy, bark. #wealthcare
Laissez faire worked much better than ACA. The issue is states control regulations on Insurance and lobbyist controlled commissions.
All that was needed was Fed incentives for States to regulate Ins for pre-existing conditions of non workplace plans. It was never attempted
Do you understand what laissez faire means? You are describing oversight both by the Feds and the states--neither of which Massie wants
I understand laissez faire but I also know Insurance is regulated and that would not change & prior to ACA HC ins was 1/2 the cost for most.
It was regulated state by state and if you the misfortune of living in a GOP state, like I did in FL you were screwed. No pretext. coverage
That is a voter issue. If State is mismanaged it is much easier to correct than change at Fed Govt. level. Fed incentive to St for pre-exist
For the insurance companies. Not for 24 million Americans who will lose health care insurance or t/1 million workers who lose jobs as result
I agree! Don't vote for this bill
I don't expect gov to pay for my ins. Just want more choice. I want to pay for what I want not what the gov tells me I need.
Bad!  Fight the good fight, Rand!  Be our voice.
yeah, be the voice of the libtards who don't want to see repeal of Obamafailcare @RandPaul
WELL THEY BETTER WORK IT OUT. ANYTHING IS BETTER THAN OBAMA CARE. AND GET IT TO THE @POTUS DESK, OR THE DEMS WIN AGAIN. DEPLORABLES ALL OVER
This bill is the same thing as Obamacare. it keeps the subsidies and premiums continue to soar. The @GOP should keep its promise #FullRepeal
repeal and replace now or just repeal, but get it done now, tired of @RandPaul dancing like a libtard and crying like a snoflak
The bill is essentially the same thing as Obamacare, it does not do anything to fix the volatile market and Americans will still get hurt
this is the libtards argument to keep Obamafailcare. Repeal and replace now or just repeal so we can move forward
I disagree with rand Paul. Obamacare is gone, would GOP rather we have nothing than to compromise? We are all getting tired of this.
That's exactly what it is...  ObamacarePlus plan.
Yep Rand sounds like the typical TruCon Uniparty Paid Obstructionist. Doing his job well
They should obstruct this. It's not what we wanted. It's not what we voted for. It's still a huge mess that will be as/more expensive.

Paul says "MORE Americans need 2 die QUICKER, This does not do this. When we can KILL MORE people quicker,then it would be great"
The best healthcare is the one that give insurance to all americans. See whay Massachuttset have!
2-U R getting medical help from the government right now. If U had none do U realize what it would cost? U R inhuman and hateful.
1-Imagine you were born with no money. Worked your life for minimum wage, WORKED! U need help with medical bills. Why should U not get it.
Save America by Breaking Up USA
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fqWisuQAEJ4HFiqMjcFklZI4SWSiB3JS8NrdKlfbF3U/pub …
is this the big repeal and replace?  looks like Obamacare without the funding sources
@RandPaul just another #obstructionist
So, you prefer Obamacare, right?
It defunds planned parenthood 500 million and that is a pretty good start?!
Why dont they just repeal ACA and start over? The entire thing was written by Insurance lobbyist. Surely we could do better.
Thanks for doing the right thing time and time again with little notice Dr. Rand Paul should have his input! #RandPaul2017
I wish he'd go LINE by LINE and tell us what all this means:
it's getting old get your shit together #HealthcareBill
LOL!!! THIS IS OBAMACARE PLUS?! If it isn't draconian enough why don't you just take it away healthcare from everyone?!
You're a sick, twisted individual.
Tell Rand Paul he needs to Stop being an Obstructionist he's worst then Dems Trump loyalists won't forget STOP
America needs a genuine solution to this problem, not a magic trick. ACA created an immense debt problem our grand kids will be paying off.
Any pluses in our Healthcare System would be a plus for the American people
You haven't read bill!
Then you and Cruz and the other 2 GOP need to get it so this can be done.  Really tired of how long it is taking you. I want my taxes cut.
Exactly
Mostly all the problems is tax it should be one rate for all people and get a job, we are in debt because of the tax from each state.
Liberals and Democratic Party y'all need to grow up and face it you want things free that's not going to happen because of the taxes of work
Universal healthcare is going to hurt USA, because of up and down rates on taxes for each state.
I knew you wouldn't vote for ANYTHING healthcare. Guess what? It shouldn't be your way or the highway! #hateHSA
This guy never turns down a chance to be on tv. Swamp
It is amazing how republicans now support big government just because their god in the White House supports it. #Trumpcare #Obamacare
The big government Republicans are at it again.   Or should we call them DemRepubs?
https://twitter.com/dmarie208/status/878023343303081985 …
Tell Rand Paul he's not president and doing nothing IS NOT AN OPTION!
https://www.operationveracity.com/mayflower-hotel.html …
Just halt those cuts to our disabled and seniors!
Could end up with nothing.
Yeah... you think you're being observed by a "deep state" government within our government. So I should believe your insane rants??!!??

McConnell is a big government progressive with an R after his name. He'd never get elected if he ran as a democrat.
#StandWithRand
Rand Paul doesn't like the bill because it's not cruel enough.
I liked him better when he was just a kook.
If he still has a valid medical license it should be pulled immediately
Why? Just because he has a better solution than the present failing healthcare takeover set up by Obama and the Dems? You truly are Humpty.
What is his plan? I'm a constituent of KY he won't even meet with us to explain perhaps you can? Laissez faire? Buyer beware? Or just die?
No plan. Just please leave him alone. Forgets that his voters will also die w/out healthcare
Do you approve of disabled Americans being picked up/forcibly removed 4 exercising their right 2 free speech on issue that could kill them?
OCare Lite Lite a disaster. Dems frothing at the mouth waiting for Republicans to take the bait. Thank You.
Well Trump wanted2put heart in the health care bill? But he never said how he will pay4 it?Will he B robbing Fannie&Freddie like Obama did?
@POTUS @RandPaul @tedcruz @seanhannity @DonaldJTrumpJr @LouDobbs @IngrahamAngle @TuckerCarlson @trish_regan @stevenmnuchin1 @DRUDGE_REPORT
Glad you are still kicking. Haven't heard from you in a while. TC.
by taking out medicaid and giving the wealthy more tax breaks is definitely a plus for the GOP Koch puppets.
Clean REPEAL
He'll vote for it though
The problem is they want to keep the current structure of health care while decorating the surface or "fake out" the front of the structure.
Heard your interview(Rand Paul) with Sean Hannity on Radio .today...good info re: HC bill...
In reagans words, take 70 or 80% today and come back and get the rest later.
For God Sakes, I am willing to be taxed at 2 percent to support National Medicaid program ,Lets be ok Insurance companies must be non-profit
i'm more of an Obamacare Lime guy.
Caffeine-free, diet ObamaCare Zero
#republicaresmellsbad
Why worry about democrats with the obstructionist republicans we have?
Where it is "lite" it doesn't even happen for 5+ years, well after GOP loses the house and the White House potentially. It'll never happen.
