Competition means better pricing for every consumer. No more forced to buy from one costly provider.
Anti-American POS Paul and Trump should be charged with treason!! #POS #treason #TrumpLies
RT @realDonaldTrump @RandPaul #Trump & #Paul plan screws over all people with preexisting conditions. #USA #Americans #ACA #Healthcare #AHCA
I thought Rand Paul was against using EO’s? Guess there’s no one of principle left in your party
If you can't appreciate what this EO is going to do, you are clueless.  Just shut up.
Aw sweetie stop drinking the kool aid. It’s doing a number on your brain
Ph.D. At UCLA or USC. Enough said. Perhaps you should study supply-demand and Econ. Oh, that's right: you get healthcare off the taxpayers 

Sponge Bob?  How brilliant of you.
I’d just love to continue this conversation but I have a policy against bothering with people too cowardly to put their opinions to their face. Bye now. Muted
Rand Paul and Donald Trump- did you have an opinion on President Obama’s EOs? Did u consider them Executive overreach?
Yes, which is why they are erasing obamas EO's
Okay. But i think they are erasing one set of EOs with another set?
Your just mad that the EO's you were for are being erased. But Trump's EO's can be erased just as easy. Dems. just have to win an election.
No.  My concern is politicians - both sides -make choices that don’t hv USA interests in mind.  This is not sport.
So did u complain when obama did it,,,,,,, didnt think so.
Yes
@KYGOP @RandPaul - There is nothing “free market” about it. Free markets would involve competition at point of care.
so youre going to circumvent the constitution via executive order to get your HCare thru? Nothing hypocritical about that.
If you can't appreciate what this EO is going to do for the average American, then just shut up.  It's a God-send!
Free market breeds competition -- a win/win for all!
Now if we can just get rid of McConnell, maybe we can see more of Trumps agenda put in place.
All I know is if it’s not what out leaders of this country have its not good enough we deserve the same healthcare as our leaders
It's fabulous and I'm SO THANKFUL to Sen Paul for being one of the few to actually stand up for the people!  He has my eternal respect!
Best move seen in my life time. Thanks to DJT and Rand. Example, when I needed cycle insurance my state charged me $150 for 6months coverage. Purchased same coverage but, out of state for $75. so screw you antiTrumpsters, medMafia, obamasuckers, We're Winning :) :) :) Win Win Win
Kentucky is the most backward state in the union with only one abortion clinic.
Undemocratic. Unamerican. Only helps rich.
You will regret “partnering” with Drumpf. Can’t wait for all our Kentucky constituents to end up with NO FN healthcare so they can thank you
Just my 2 cents but both President and Senator have the best of intentions for country. Hope this is a start for the rest of them to join.
Pls don't hurt me. I'm depressed n need a corrective surgery. I'm w optical/kaiser/medical. Almost 50. no one is hiring me. #Trumpcare help
This will only lead to universal healthcare in the future and a certainty that democrats/progressives win the house and senate next year.
We will see.
I want Rand Paul's plan to be successful,but am appalled by this sudden EO
You are out of your mind - KY uses the ACA more than anyone & now you will have massive #'s uninsured - The Prez & Rand are LYING TO YOU
Then it's likely he will lose reelection if enough people in his state of KY realize the damage he's done
Interesting, the Senator hated EOs when Obama did them. Said that wasn’t how to change laws. So he’s just a lying hypocrite.
Not all executive orders are equal. Some are actually constitutional.
Didn't you guys slam Obama for using the EO when he couldn't get things done through congress?
It'll be challenged in court. Don't get too excited.
Finally!
Thank you
Healthcare and markets do not mix, a self-evident fact around the globe. But keep making yourselves feel important by spouting such BS.
Disgusting and unfair to millions
Are you insane?  Cheap, terrible policies, rife with fraud, that don't pay for sickness?
The new EO will raise premiums and further sabotage the ACA. Trump and Paul should be removed from office.
Thank You!
Your costs will go up because of this, they'll blame Obama & you'll fall for it. Because you fall for everything.
For that to be true costs wouldn’t be rising now. That’s however not factual.
You're already falling for it. They have your number. You'll swallow whatever they give you
Nobody needs health insurance, some people need healthcare.
You're all a bunch of crooks.. God help America!
Awesome progress! Doing it right Rand...
I'll believe that Sen. Paul is proud of this effort once he buys one of these crap policies for himself and his family.
Is it true you're a shill for putin/RU?  Sure act like it.
It's still not the full repeal that the GOP promised
"I too am looking for new ways to rear ream my voters and bone the middle-class of America. Support the Peesident"--Senator Rand Paul
God Bless you Rand!
SAD that this is the best that Rand can offer.
I work & can't afford insurance. Able body ppl r getting it for "free". They support the FAILING AHA. Cross state lines. Give us a choice.
Liddle rand paul finally got his way
Hypocrite much?
If what Katie tweeted is true, then now is the time! Get B.C. over the counter.
I wonder why @SenMajLdr was not there today?
Typical @GOP BS to screw over those that need help the most
Buddy with Pres. To destroy America Healthcare in the long run. He's got UR number. #TraitorToAmericans! Joining the #ExecutiveOrderKing
@RandPaul I just lost respect for you sir
Y’all with all these EOs. So, were they only unconstitutional when the black guy did them?
Rand Paul, you're a sell out.
Paul is a POS just like Tramp. Both are pathetic Americans that don't give a rats ass about the people they represent. Hypocrites!
@RandPaul don't choke on that pen, the new insurance you endorsed may not pay. You are a foolish man supporting a man devoid of empathy.
Judge Napolitano,2014:Can the president legally bypass Congress and rule the government by decree The answer to the question above is:NO.
Pray none of you ever gets cancer and have hope your carrier doesn't drop you...sorry you guys have govt insurance....must be nice. #WWJD
You guys are so full of BS, is kynect working? Companies are out with associations having to pick up ir all. lil don has NO clue about it
Why are you lying to people? This is garbage insurance. Why don't you buy it for yourself and your family?
#RandPaul finely kisses #realdonaldtrump's ass!! Move over #VPpence new lips are coming!! Sad day for #Kentucky! (pitiful)
Junk insurance will drive up costs for everyone else.  Liar!

Rand, how much will people pay on these plans with Pre Existing Conditions. Will not be cheaper unless they have next to no coverage at all.
Rand Paul said he didn't believe in EO in 2015. Which is it?  Cowards all. Couldn't get the job done.
Finally something
Also, stop conflating health INSURANCE with "healthcare"
America is the only country stupid enough to apply Free Market principles to Health Care,and hence is why health care #1 reason 4 BANKRUPTCY
A step in the right direction, though what about INDIVIDUALS buying health insurance without state imposed restrictions on competition?
Hmm. Looks a little hypocritical.
Rand Paul partners with Trump. worst President ever.... and you 'partner' with. You'll be in history books. You have your legacy now. sad.
Rand Paul , tell Mr Trump deal or no deal for October 25th, that's because Mr Trump lyed to the American people about who I am !!!!!!
This order is TOTAL BUNK.This will allow insurers to create plans that scam people.  When they go to collect they will get NOTHING.
And the people insured will not know this until they are sick with a serious illness:  it creates have and have nots.
RT @realDonaldTrump @RandPaul This E.O. by Trump & Paul is a sell out of #WeThePeople to the corrupt/criminal Big Healthcare Insur Cos. #USA
What's the former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger's connection??
He's one of the old Trojan enemy.

Funny how it's OK when you do it.
Executive Orders...  Which previous to January '17 were a terrible, horrible, impeachable thing.  You all are frauds.
But you know since you get your "free-market" who cares right?  Who cares if people with PE conditions go broke trying to stay healthy
Just make sure our nursing homes are protected.  Most of us are on fumes right now with low census and payment issues.
And of course, the pre-existing conditions, 90% of US, is out the window! Thank you christians!
God bless...they will be meeting Peter at the Gate at some point.
 thank u senator Paul for working with president to make health care better for American people
This order is total crap.
My parents and sister both had cancer.  You are putting anyone with or who depends on cancer meds at risk!  2/2
Best president ever! Let the whining liberal socialists howl at the moon.
#StandWithRand.   #MAGA
So what about the people with cancer after you sabotaged the market?  Tell them to just wait it out til there is something better? 1/2
You sold us out today @RandPaul - 
You sold out the people and the US Constitution..
and you lost my support...

And how does that help the working class.  You dummies- the insurance companies will still be greedy and screw with Americans health
Executive Order when Obama does it = Bad. Executive order when Trump does it = Good. I guess that's GOP consistency these days.
RT @realDonaldTrump THIS E.O. is a con job with No Substance, Quality, or the Right Stuff in it. A big sellout of #WeThePeople. #USA #fraud
RT @realDonaldTrump @RandPaul This E.O. & Rand Paul's stupid plan does absolutely nothing to fix the real problems with #Healthcare. #ACA
You won't support anything that isn't ur idea. #obstruction #RINO
Thank you Senator! Sincerely, an Ex-Dem from New Jersey times 36 ppl at last count @CoryBooker
MrPresident no one else could or would do what you have done, we know the time and appreciate You and Senator Paul
Keep up the good work. We the people did not see this coming. Were willing to pass bad legislation to get anything. This is by far the BEST
Again you show utter contempt for the Health and well being of the people of your State, of the Nation and worst of all human Decency! Shame
Now we need to fix Tricare for retirees.  At age 62 it reverts to medicare only.  Vets can use VA but their spouses are forgotten.
Hope you are happy millionaire Senator. You've got no idea what the average American needs or wants. Only the deep pockets you're in. Shame
Thank you @RandPaul & @POTUS !!!!
Your a Constitutional Scholar, If #ArticleV passed #SeparationofPoliticalPartiesFromState would it reset the Free Press checks& balances
Randal Paul , I don't blame you for what possion you have in Congress, do you support the programs of otc card and food stamps for USA !!!!
THANK YOU Sen. Paul!  #FreeMarket is EXACTLY what has been needed.
Way to abandon those constitutional principals there, Rand. What happened to a bill?
I'm sure all the poor in KY will appreciate their "GOP" taking away healthcare! But will keep voting for them! So many stupid ppl!
do you understand what the E.O. even does? all it does it provide more options for consumers.  how is that a bad thing?
Yeah, I just read it! And your point? Look at the pre-existing condition part!
what about it?
Too bad it'll just be undone by the next president whenever that may be
You start dicking around with #Obamacare & you own it. This is #RandCare #YouBreakItYouBuyIt
MURDERER !!!
H.C. should not b in the arena of capitalism. #Morons Are Governing America. More ins. cos., & profit 4 them. -0- 2 do with providing H.C.
THANK You Sen. @RandPaul and Congratulations for your helping the @POTUS with America's new #HealthCare rules! @realDonaldTrump!
You don't care about people just like the president! Are you taking government health insurance which I'm paying for? You're all hypocrites!
This allows insurance companies to sell across state lines giving people more choice and a better chance at lower cost
Thank you
now you're going to support the President & the American people??? its about time
well no because its not really a package like obamacare. its just a simple E.O. that says consumers can purchase healthcare anywhere now
EO's R major powers of authority per what U said about Obama. Double standard. Premiums will sky rocket if ppl have pre-existing cond etc 
All it does is allow insurance companies to sell across state lines bringing more competition
"if it works"  Nuce try curley. U r not 1 of the morons so Y suggest selling health ins. across state lines will supply h. c. 4 more Ams.
Yeah, Rand Paul looks real proud of himself
Senator should work on tax reform with @POTUS. Make it really beneficial to the Middle Class & it will make the economy explode in growth.
Middle Class tax bracket should be no higher than 10%. True MC rises to about $100K (should be top of LB). Make personal exemption $5K and
...eliminate child credit. Raise Standard Deduction to $12K for single, increasing married & head of household appropriately. Top of middle
bracket should at $250K with a 25% tax for anything over $100K. Phase out Standard deductions & personal exemptions for those over $250K.
Then watch the economy really take off. Those benefits for the Middle Class & the small business class would electrify the economy.
The blood & suffering of every patient unable to obtain insurance affordably is now on you. Such mean lack of compassion is now your legacy.
Clearly, you don't understand that competition drives down prices.  Perhaps an Econ. Class would help.
Rand Paul just handed Donald Trump and out, when things begin to crumble it will be all on Rand Paul.
Bullshit this law has always been in place this is not an excutive order it was a awareness document and a reminder.
Hey Randy, still haven't accomplished anything in Washington
But they will want emergency care for shortfall and the rest of us will get stuck with the cost for what their crappy policies don’t cover
You are the biggest shame Kentucky has ever known. Your father had a spine, you do not
Funny you didn't feel this way when it was Obama.
2.  Thinks an executive order is legislation and how you make law
because obama used it to destroy america




Since Congress is inept, the President has taken steps to get things done within the limitations of EO.
Cull the herd!!!  Start with these motherfuckers and their state first.
Screw sick people and children with terminal illnesses: Great opportunity to sell short stock of ACA Exchange providers stuck with the sick.
Remember when you guys railed on Obama for signing EOs because he couldn't get congress to act?  Now you praise Trump for same thing.
If this plan fits Rand Paul's criteria, you can be sure it will not deliver quality affordable healthcare to 99%!
What a joke you are for praising Potus for undermining & wrecking our ACA. Birds of a feather.
Your ACA was already wrecked.  Newsflash.
My husband has cancer. He will now lose his health care. I'm sure he's not the only cancer patient who will die. I know that you don't care.

THANK YOU @RandPaul  @realDonaldTrump  @POTUS
WATCH: @POTUS signs executive order on health reform 
Libertarian means Every Man For Himself
Thank you Mr President &Senator Paul! Congress won’t get anything done. You &whoever else helped get this done are heroes!MAGA in 2020! 
Which will send premiums through the roof and hurt middle class Americans....
It will do no such thing
Can’t trust one of you
Thank you Mr. President & Senator Rand Paul!!!
Screw sick people and children with terminal illnesses: Great opportunity to sell short stocks of ACA Exchange providers stuck with sick.
Someone please explain why obstructionist Rand was part of this. He killed prior attempts citing full repeal or nothing. What is going on?
Libertarian Dr Paul is against federal govt subsidies for healthcare. The EO allows insurance companies to deny pre-existing conditions...
The EO route wasn’t right when @BarackObama did it, it’s not right now when @realDonaldTrump does it. Congress needs to do their jobs!
This is order is constitutional
But yet it does not establish REAL legislation like what Republicans promised from 2010 - 2016. Next POTUS can resend. Congress needs to act
Quality Catastrophic Healthcare Insurance will cost the same as a mobile phone bill. Pay for appts based on income. Dr's freely treat poor
Except Rand Paul opposed a EO like this in the past saying it’s not the right way so now he is a hypocrite and liar
Surprised?


This is true.
Yay!
Welfare Queens

Won't, money's too good and plus he's bought.
Now
People 
Will 
Die

Just
Like
In
PR
It destabilizes the market! Allowing people to buy crap plans and then get on real insurance when needed isn't really insurance.
Or at least since #Obamacare was passed. You know, actual legislation?
