Please check out the site of @mikefarb1 . VERY IMPORTANT. "Huston, we have a problem."
Houston. It is spelled HOUSTON.
sorry.
Merrick Garland?
And the hypocrisy charge is an obvious straw man. U know perfectly well the timing & process are the issues, not the idea of replacing Comey
Also what timing?do you honestly think he knows something today that he didn't 2 DAYS AGO also he is suppose to testify yet again so...
!!Also what round earth?If you think Trump's your guy,he's not.It's long been obvious he has total contempt for his surrogates & supporters.
While I can't attest 2the veracity of the quote,there's not much love for HRC on the left.It's a pity u can't likewise see DT for what he is
Senator, with all due respect, you claim to be a defender of the Constitution and yet you defend the indefensible man who has assaulted it
Keith, can you elaborate on your accusation?  How has POTUS assaulted the Constitution?
“Russia has much better constitution writers than we do,” he said. “I talked to Putin, he said their constitution never gives him problems.”
Keith, question: Would it matter to you if you learned that you were quoting satire?
Rather than keep u in suspense: http://www.newyorker.com/humor/borowitz-report/trump-says-he-has-been-treated-very-unfairly-by-people-who-wrote-constitution …  Falling for satire clearly indicates susceptibility to #FakeNews. Question the MSM.
the constitution, given his track record and his words, is quite naive. He can hide behind the #fakenews hashtags for awhile but not forever
Ironic tweet given you used satire to support your assertion re: "Trump's assault on our Constitution." #CognitiveDissonance is strong.
Keep the faith Senator. CNN needs to hear the truth, not that they would recognize it.
Country over party, @JJ09377745
Wish the Dems would follow your advice...the obstruction and hysteria is ridiculous.
but they are obstructing and resisting everytime a Demo opens their mouth they are causing division and riots over BS
hypocrisy?  Perhaps Deserved, go back keep the post mortem results in mind study what went wrong. The Dem.s feel thy have the right.maybe.
Perhaps, but it was the disarray with in the Republican Party, that allowed a Trump to emerge.Go back to the post mortem done by Republicans
Dems need to quit all this bitterness and the president needs to ignore them untill they get on board. I don't want a socialist country
Comey firing needed or not, poor timing, unprofessional, degrading and attempt to stop investigation. GOP needs to grow a set.Get control.
It's not about "hypocrisy" this isn't about party-lines Senator, this is about the inability of the president to tell a straight story!!
YEAH UR PART OF THE THICK "HYPOCRISY" URSELF
What-a-joke..Watching as the GOP sits quietly and demonstrates an unwillingness to to defend the constitution is sickening #Checks&Balances
I assume your father isn't all too pleased with you moonlighting as a sycophant. Stand up for what's right, the people will love you for it.
I guess you got ties to CNN. I guess we need to investigate you Paul. CNN appears to have ties to hillary and russia.
I don't envy the "special prosecutor" assigned to a case with no evidence or person to prosecute.  That's why we have investigators.

If Putin phoned Trump saying, "I hate Hillary so I'm going to expose her to help you win" and Trump said "Thanks Vlad" - that's not a crime.
I agree!!
You can't excuse yourself from all that hypocrisy.
Not saying the same things about @realDonaldTrump  u said when he was a democrat as ur saying now that he's Republican makes 1 a hypocrite!
comey made mistakes yes - comey never lied     this administration, advisors and the prez lie constantly - who you gonna believe, (R)?
Then do something right, investigate the Obama administration for being Russia and prosecute their asses. Drain the swamp,support Trump!!!
Yes. GOP hypocrisy.  You are supporting an administration that is under investigation for foreign interference and you don't see a problem?
Omg people. There was a congressional hearing and they ALL SAID NO COLLUSION. WATCH THE REAL NEWS PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD! Stop!
Investigation is ongoing.  If you don't agree, simply move on with your day. No need to stop and chat.

Trumps associates and cabinet members with Russian connections ARE EVERYWHERE!
Mr. Paul, you can spin & twist & use words like hypocrisy but you're stuck with #GOP criminals running the White House and #trumprussia.
GO ON TLK W/THE FAKE NEWS, UR FAKE ANYWAY
Can you see my #Shadowbanned #Twitter page? Read story on braverymovie DOTcom important TTYS
Don't let the investigation if Hillary go! We know a lot of politicians want to "sweep it under the carpet." Investigate and prosecute
after the Mitt Romney Loss. It was well done, had some insight  and recommendations, Which were to quickly ignored. then Trouble.
A MENTALLY SICK @POTUS is a CLEAR & PRESENT DANGER @SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC @senjudiciary  @FBI @USDOD
@POTUS IS UNFIT  TO LEAD.
If donee boy gets charged and it sticks he just screwed hisself!  Thanks to jeff sessions.Hung with his DOJ's rope!
Hypocrisy is YOURS. 45 with blatant obstruction of investigation you agree to yet you support 45! You WILL go down with the ship!
Guess you know nothing about gov rules on classified info and criteria 4 charges. Comey said she was" careless" but crime not committed!
Remember Senator, traitors are hung! @FBI @JoeNBC
As a hypocrite of long standing I guess you would know.
Wolf who? Did you ask why he was seen prancing around with a glass of wine after the Killery nomination? He needs ballet slippers.
So, now that Trump has admitted he fired him over the Russia investigation will you change you tune? No?
Is that why you voted to confirm @jeffsessions you traitor?
Supported you in the primary because I believed you to be an independent voice. Can we trust you to keep the Trump admin in check?
Talk is cheap, Senator.
Correction: Cut it with a chainsaw!!! This love-hate relationship of the DemocRATS with Comey gotta stop. It is making me puke 
Like you saying one thing when it's trump and another when it's Hilary
complicity is weakness #ImpeachTrump
Why would you even grace that graceless stage? Low-info commentators Low-info viewers
All they can handle are hate-filled soundbites
That's how Dems are 
You're the hypocrite-You've become nothing but a toadie for Trump instead of confronting his abuse of power #spineless
Hypocrisy is what the liberals are all about.  It's in their DNA!
I agree and it's coming from you!   Do you not wonder the teensiest bit about the timing?  Think for yourself, ask questions!
And I pledged my loyality the Trump while out golfing.
yes. ...proof that evolution CAN go in reverse. 
Especially on CNN !
Thank you for fighting the left's delusions and false narratives of personal destruction!
thank you Rand I pray you help our President
You all need to stop acting like 2 yr olds!! Embarrassing how the country is being run by both parties!!
How bout it
Dems=Hypocrisy.  Rand, why are u surprised it's Blitzer?  Oh thats right because your honest, forthright & think analytically & he is not. 
Democrat thy name is hypocrite
THE DEMS HAVE NO STANDARDS
Not just hypocrisy these days. Deranged.  https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Wllc5gSc-N8&feature=share …
Great interview. You are an asset in the Senate, prob the only one not on the SOROS PR! Thank you 4 ur efforts! BTW, I liked ur HC plan BEST
Hypocrisy like claiming to be the party of "family values", then enabling a low life like @realDonaldTrump ?
Can't get thru to YouTube. Where do you stand? Hope w/McConnell (never thought I'd put those words together) on "no special prosecutor."

I remember when you had a spine. I'm glad that i never voted for you
You can disagree with someone and still see a coverup. Geez. What the hell is up with y'all not caring about #Trumprussia ?!?
Missed that appearance, but did see you on #CBSThisMorning - you are a fucking mutt, Senator, like all the rest of your ilk.
It is, but it's coming from #GopIsTheNewIsis & nowhere else! U & ur p.o.s. colleagues will b saying good bye 2 ur sweet seats in 2018!
Are you sure it isn't irony?
Brought to you by Globalist anti USA Soros Ayres Wright Flowers radicals who hate the constitution of America! Fight Paul Fight for 
BREAKING NEWS: President Donald Trump to be next FIB director..........lol
Great job!!!! 🖒🖒🖒🖒
Get your Panel in there, Wolf. You are so pathetic. @SenRandPauI really made you look so "shallow". Are you feeling sick ?? You looked (cont
pale after @SenRandPauI gave you the facts of the situation. If you say Russia or Comey today you can get $50.00 on each per @CNN Network(co
Don't waste your time shut down the "The very fake Media"
CORRECTION SIR!....YOU NEED A JACKHAMMER TO BREAK THROUGH IT & IT'S BECAUSE IT WAS ALLOWED TO FLOURISH FOR THE LAST 8 YEARS UNCHECKED!
Hahahahahah. Bet it IS!
awesome job....
It should be surrounding @realDonaldTrump  Our president is a lying POS and you personally, are doing about it WHY??? #complacency
@RandPaul I like you more every time you speak!
WOW!! Hypocrisy is an understatement. Obama & his administration are DANGEROUS individuals. Torch the swamp!!
The fact you went on MSNBC, not sure I should applaud you or feel sorry for you!
I'm disgusted by the dem elites & THEIR medias hypocrisy.
How can Feinstein, Harris and Wyend be on an Intel Comm. investigating Trump, when they openly despise him and are trying to oust him?!
finally the truth
Ah so nothing weird about it then?
Senator, why do you put yourself through that?....
You are a traitor. Picking party over country & defending buffoon's firing of Comey when he was investigating his Russia ties. #corrupttrump
It's like their all brainwashed robots 
and so are lies.  Unconditional political loyalty has proven to be dangerous in the past.  History speaks for itself.
Really Senator Rand seems republicans like to point their fingers at everyone else. We have an administration that constantly lies yet calls
Themselves Christians VP Pence lied yesterday and he is quick to quote the Bible though not accurately. Seems there are more hypocrites
Belong to your party. The people of this country deserve to have an independent investigator. None of you are trustworthy. So stop pointing
Wolf is a Hypocrite?  Who knew.

The story---Hearings confirm DOJ, Obama, and Intel comm. tampered in our elections.
 Worse than Russia did it story!
 Duhhh ...Media?
Yep they seem to have forgotten, please continue to stand for us!! Support our president!!

If Dems think timing is issue w Comey firing-ask when timing would have been right? They're just against everything. R's again need backbone
We're counting on you to be the leading voice of Libertarian Republicans, Senator Paul! Free market/Constitutional principles need a voice.
Good interview...however I would award even more points for some frank media bashing.
Hypocrisy: among the thing American voters, taxpayers, patriots HATE the most!
yeah.  take a look in the mirror...
You took an oath to uphold the constitution, Do your job you lying POS
You are a total weasel,loser & http://coward.You  ran against http://Trump.You  know Russians corrupted election.Get real chump.
You are up to your eyeballs in this #TrumpRussiaCollusion
so stop gabbing and LOCK HER UP ALREADY...are you are waiting for dems to condemn Heil Hitllary Lady MacClinton?!!?
There is hypocrisy on both sides. Do the right thing for the country. Stop blindly following Trump and call for an #IndependentInvestigation
and heading line the event
The Democrats should be ashamed. This is a disgrace!
#DrainTheSwamp 
Sen. Paul...Obviously, and for a myriad of reasons, you suck. Anyone that's ever heard any of your off-camera, hot mic remarks, knows this.
Asking for resources for the investigation into Russia then being fired is the issue.  We're not stupid. #ComeyFiring
always nice to see the voice of reason kick wolf blitzer's ass.
Poll: Do you agree with President Trump for firing FBI Director James Comey? Yes 84% No 16%
Can any reporter/lawmaker anywhere find just 1 honest voter in US or France that the Russians made them vote for so & so?
#DrainingTheSwamp #MSNBC @chuckschumer @MarkWarner
If you continue to back Trump after all of his manic shenanigans you can kiss your political future Bye-bye-you're through
We The People of USA are tired of Russia and Democrats and stubborn Republicans taking our Healthcare
Dems arent upset with the firing... its the timing. Its perfectly fine. Subpoena on Flynn will change @POTUS discussion in 3...2...1...
Its bcuz the Dems are Nothing but Liars and all their mindless minion robots are to stupid to see through their Hypocrisy !
You are at the center of the hypocrisy... You are #fullofShit #Idiocracy
How about corruption is so thick you can cut it with a knife?
I'm not a Dem and I am beyond concerned and fear that my party has succumbed to dogma rather than duty. You may find Reps like me running.
Did you enjoy lying to the Country?
As a liberal, I agreed with you on many issues. Thought you were best Repub candidate last year. NOPE. Just like the rest of them. #traitor
Watch CBS this morning. Amazed at your response to the Russia/photo op with no USA photographer in the room. Its outrageous.
Yes many r in your GOP! Sad lot. Sitting on butts SO this presidential group ruins wh integrity. RUSSIAN MURDERERS vs Oval Office!
Glad you didn't have to endure the 2 yr old @andersoncooper eye rolling as did Kelly Ann Conway.. stand your ground Senator
So you're going to make it thicker. Bold move Randy. Let's see if it pays off.
Way to go Senator Paul! Calling a  a ! The #DyingDemCult is crying crocodile tears'!
Trump's new #1 waterboy, Rand Paul
The hypocrisy is that trump would fire Comey for bungling the investigation of HRC or that "nasty woman" as he liked to say..
Yeah you better get back in the fight...
What's it like to talk with someone that has a 7 IQ at best?
I would say that the corruption in the White House is  thicker then any hypocrisy
Home run interview @RandPaul 
Senator Paul.  You should review the facts and rethink your position.
It's not hypocritical to believe the move is motivated by fear of further investigation. Doesn't matter that Dems wanted him out before.
You're a sell out - and clearly part of the coverup - really hope you were better than this. SAD
Why are you on tv on knees blowing trump? Would think you'd be worried about Russian connection, especially after your campaign rhetoric.
It's obvious you would be lousy at "Who Done Its" It's the pattern, that reveals  truth. It's not the words, but the actions.
And you should know --
And it starts with you
you can't Believe main stream media the partisan is so bad
You need to look up the definition of the word, then look in the mirror.  Investigate Comey firing and hold Trump accountable!
What is to discuss?  @POTUS can fire him at will!  AT WILL employment! Oh, senators and media fools know nothing about that, just us workers
WE KNOW PEOPLE CAN BE HYPOCRITES. That doesn't address the actual issue at hand.
Once the idea that the Ds are warring with us, our responses will be on target. Stop trying to defend and go on offense.
You're smarter than that. Stop being Trump's puppet & do the right thing. Our future depends on people standing for what is right.
It's not hypocrisy. This is an undeclared war on conservatives that has escalated through the decades.
I'm a constituent. How is this advancing Kentucky's interests?
Rand Paul, You have it exactly right.
Great interview
The Truth doesn't go over very well w/CNN
This event demonstrates @POTUS high regard of various chains of command
#NoScandal
The level of hypocrisy is enormous. They are embarrassing America on a huge scale .the left should be ashamed
Sounds like you were being interviewed by a Democratic spokesperson...
These nitwits that are crying foul, What if Trump hires Gowdy? Think Gowdy would play favorites? People an Obama apptee wrote the letter
Liberals whine and only have other liberals who listen. They're going to get as sick of themselves as we did.
You WERE the one adult I was counting on but here you go. Why aren't you calling for special prosecutor for Russia/Trump?
Good for Rand Paul, he says it like it is! I wish more Republicans would do the same & support their own party they say they represent!
Exactly!!
The hypocrisy is the republicans acting as if this president is doing nothing wrong.
Thanks Rand for speaking up for @POTUS decision to fire Comey! The hypocrisy is amazing! & #fakenews @wolfblitzer is SO BIASED ITS UNREAL!!
We love you Sen Paul
I'm telling you the American people are sick of all this BS fake melt down.
Every where I go fm indy,Dems, Rep & libertarian r saying ENOUGH
I'm a constituent and a contributor to your presidental campaign, Senator.  I'm surprised and disappointed by your response here.
If this didn't cross a line for you, please imagine for yourself what would.  Trump could pardon of his entire campaign tomorrow.
What a shame you have such a president who does not know what he is doing. Praise one day, fire the next. He s truly nuts.
@CNN - the trashrag of the Left
One can disagree with Comey's handling of 2016 emails & be shocked at this precedent-shattering pretextual firing.
You sold out after one golfing trip.
INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION SESSIONS NEEDS TO GO NOW
Agreed @wolfblitzer @RandPaul. Righteousness with no foundation is baffling.
Love CNN don't trust FOX timing of firing after months of praise.
Sessions dishonest timing proves not abt Clinton,  Putin making comment shows how deep Russia involved impeach Trump no confidence in him
Independent investigation Sessions needs to go
Hypocrisy is their anchor - without it they would have nothing .
You're smarter than that. But then maybe not
