Why are you not be transparent about the ACHA bill in the Senate & trying to push it through w/out hearings or input or wanting us to know??
He isn't trying to.  He's against the bill.
That's NOT what his office is saying! So don't even try to pass that bs off on me. If he was against it, he'd speak out & be forthright.
What is his office saying?
That he hasn't made up his mind yet & that they plans to submit his own version but we can't see it, have hearings or town halls on it.
And what would you have wanted to hear?
Seriously?? ...For starter's a real answer! A yes or no, & his view on it & what changes he wants to make & to be transparent about it
He's talked about what he wants many times. He has one introduced.
And his NO will be obvious once the final bill goes to the floor.
Make the deal pussycat!
You need to decide what you are, Republican or Snowflake. U r becoming as much a obstructionist as Dems. Don't worry About being reelected.
You are simply playing into Dems hands. Where do you stand?  You do not represent this commonwealth at all!  I demand a recall vote!
#StandWithRand
Paul your way out of line!
The wrong side is lost lives from fighting the same weapons later; having disregarded the long historical trend of such actions backfiring.
CIA is so lacking Intelligence we need Special Ops to help The Weaknesses
They are too busy creating hacking tools for framing presidents and foreign gov'ts, and 4A violating backdoors for us little people. Vault 7
Yes please join together to stop the sale of these arms to the Saudis this is why America so hated over there let's stay neutral 
If the freaking Republicans continue to go against President Trump I'm finished voting Republican! I can't believe the Republican Party.
Yeah, because blindly supporting Trump on everything is the best thing you can do!
Thanks rand paul,u made cnn happy.
Only to Defeat ISIS
Can we first repeal O'care and fix are tax system  then we can oppose other bad deals.  #JustFUCKINGget2Work
Keyword Democrats only reason on your side is they oppose everything POTUS does. So are you standing with Democrats? KY  Rep. wants to know
Well that is just good sense
Traitor
Did you do this when Obama gave pallets of money to Iran or when Hillary & Bill sold our Uranium to Iran?
......with terrorists in some cases and aginst them in others they are double faced hypocrites that have destroyed Syria!!!
One would think Rand would understand that when Fascists join your cause you have a problem
I'm getting so sick of our involvement in the middle East.
Stupid dems
The arms deal is a raw deal! Far scarier than not passing trumps illegal ban
....let's be honest the bill only cuts 500 million out of a 110 Billion dollar deal...this bill is a joke @SenSchumer
Well of course there going to work with you! And your proud of this?
Yep.
Best of luck! https://goo.gl/KJhup4 
At some point, natural gas rich America is going to stop kowtowing to oppressive oil exporters which fund terrorism.
non-Establishment GOP members should likewise. @POTUS Saudis' are filthy rich and quite capable of terrorism. See 9/11.
That's like saying chlamydia joined gonorreah to oppose good health.  Known by the company you keep.  #RINO
That sucks
Yes!
why u gotta do this to me, rand?
With due respect to you, you guys are the problem! Dem stick together. Repubs split and stab POTUS inspire of us giving you all majority!sad
Hundreds of unconfirmed reports say the lib Paul,to meet with leader of CNN that was killed in coalition airstrikes,on propaganda  Isis Film
Confirmed report says future backfired arms deal to Wahabi cult is great for neocons and NeverTrump to smear DJT w/ legacy of failure in ME.
Are you supportive of D T firing special counsel Mueller? Please reply
@RandPaul this should REALLY make you question what you are promoting if all the Dems agree...
Why not we trained the irac pilots that we flew against in the gulf war. # stupidity
Bronze Age Islambie govts should not be getting arms deals. Insane.
It keeps 90%+ of 0care subsidies. Since when's he oppose a tax cut? Arms to a Wahabi cult? Same could be asked.
Buddy, you're on the wrong side of the isle... Stick to auditing the fed and important stuff like that. Let our bomb makers make some money.
truth Saudi Arabia is a sponsor of terror; 15 of 19 9/11 and funding taliban, al -Qaeda,LeT,Al-Nusra, promoter of salafist jihadism
This is a major reason why @GOP has lost on conservative values. We are selling the weapons that may likely be used against USA later.
Why?
If we had the power to deny arms, if we were the only market then maybe
Only joining to oppose, come on your better than that
always gots to be one
Rand why in the hell didn't you stop Obama and the Iran deal?
Hey Paul, why don't you run as a Democrat next time.
Getting publicity and praise via CNN, I'm skeptical.
This is the first decision Trump has made that causes me cincern.
It's too bad they are only doing it to spite Trump!  But I'm good with it!
Get over yourself!!
You're the man! Keep fighting the good fight!
If Repubs don't help Trump with MAGA agenda, they will lose house and Senate in 2018--AMERICA wants tax reform & no Obamacare
thank you mr paul! you make kentucky proud! we know exactly where those weapons would end up. the house of saud is not our friend.
Come on Rand what are you thinking ? This is the right thing to do.
The U.S is the biggest arms dealer in the world. It needs to stop. Thank you, Rand
Yes, use their hatred for good! 
You are a great senator, however, being on the same team on any issue with amoral democrats would make me take another look at my position.
Wow. Blind squirrel finds acorn. A rare event,  @RandPaul is right. Once
settle down, Rand
Why don't you expose the pakistani AWAN BROTHERS and intelligence they took or r taking from D.C?? #AwanBrothers
#AwanBrothers
Let the damn Saudi people defend themselves. Stop arming these fools.
What has Rand ever done? His libertarian ideals look good on paper but mean nothing in practice.
Yet the Dems supported giving money to Iran?
support the president
I applaud your principles and consistency, but don't ever forget the Dems just oppose Trump. They gladly supported these deals in the past.
I feel like I'm agreeing with the devil when I agree with you, but I do on this one.
You should do the same with Turkey...
Traitor
They didn't join you. They were voting no to everything anyways
Thank you.  As a Canadian I'm deeply ashamed of the arms WE'VE sold to that deeply oppressive dictatorship.
Saudi clearly needs them new arms.
PizzaGate Endgame: The Fountain Of Youth
Well that's not good for Rand Paul! POTUS will say he's a Loser , and he's Fake News!
.@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @RandPaul Arming #SaudiArabia is the #HillaryClinton thing to do; "9 out of 10, 9/11 Hijackers were from #Saudi."
#OsamaBinLaden was from #SaudiArabia. #NeverForget 9/11.
You are not in good company!Corrupt Democrats are nothing more than a very bad Saturday Night Live skit!The party of JFK is a laughing stock
That should tell you something, dude.
Get to work and fix Healthcare and tax reform.  Please help President Trump on these pressing issues. This is what important  to America.
POS
How about opposing H1B?
Haha Senate Democrats oppose something?? No way
Support the president Rand!!!!
Don't worry Kentucky won't elect him again
Of course . Who would ever support someone who doesn't want to sell weapons to terrorists?
Obama would Iran deal last screw job to American people on his way out the door
Demorats join because it AGAINST Trump. If Hussein did the deal, they would tell you take a hike.
Sales like this shouldn't happen regardless. Take what you can get!
Tired of this establishment leading the president. Elections GoP and Dems will have consequences
Could've used those Senate Dems to stand up when BHO was sending a plane loaded with cash off as a gift to the Ayatollah.
Alas! You do something positive.
What's your beef with Rand Paul? The dude is principled and almost always on the right side of history...
Weapons we, the #USA, send into the #MiddleEast frequently wind up in the hands of #TerroristOrganizations. #FACT
Thank you sir. I wish my Wyoming senators would stand with you.
Build the wall
Yes, that's such a relevant response, NO IT'S NOT!! Everyone is entitled to their comments but yours is stupid
It is very relevant to the Republican base; the party needs to be reminded.
DAMMIT! 

MIC has to make a living too, you know!

Yeesh.
The sale never happened.
I wouldn't be proud of this because you know if it were a democrat they wouldn't have your back...
Good for u! Now stop protecting/advocating for #45!
Wouldn't it be more beneficial to use his brains and influence to help the common goal. We are not #TheResistance
I thought that's exactly what I conveyed!
#SaudiArabia can buy their own weapons; they don't need the USA.
Defensive weapons! Bahaha! Good one! 
@sbsun
@EconomicTimes
@XHNews
@PressTV
@RT_com
@RealAlexJones
@DRUDGE
@wikileaks
@Presidency_Sy 
@HassanRouhani 
@MLP_officiel
@Nigel_Farage
@PutinRF_Eng
@TulsiGabbard
@RepThomasMassie
@RonPaul
@realDonaldTrump
THANK YOU, RAND!
