They should put a D next to your name
We won’t forget those who voted against repeal/replace of disastrous Obamacare
Well aware how he voted. I said those who voted against either won’t be forgotten. That includes Rand Paul among others. Why name calling?
You and the rest of the senate are spineless. Do your job that you were sent to do work with the president not against him.
Exactly. You have to vote for New Health!  Or tell us why you haven't voted on Pres Trumps agenda???
fox blond bobble head... no end to supply
I don't always agree with Rand Paul, but I do believe he is a man of principal. He has more courage and tenacity than 99% of the GOP.
@DrRandPaul @justinamash and hopefully soon @AP4Liberty are doing the best they can. But 3/100 isnt going to pass anything. They need allies
Fair. The point remains, the liberty-minded are outnumbered. Id like to see that change.
Then repel than replace,i wish i had your insurance plans
Renewals are coming, with an expected 50% increase, or 18K for me alone.

You don't fix ACA with principles, Rand.

Fix it or we're f'd.
Principles of economics? Free market can do much better than government bureaucrats every time. Best would be get gov't OUT of healtcare.
I completely agree, but there's 99 other Senators, and 437 Representatives, that need to find accord.

And they won't stop.
RESISTOR
for real people, it's probably more important what you are for rather than what you are against
WE SEE YOU, Mr. Paul! Actions speak louder than words. All talk no action. STHU. Get off the cameras. Lip service.
Take away Rand Paul & his family's HC & give them Obamacare, then see if he has any SOLUTIONS.
You complain about everything, Rand Paul, but u have offered no solutions. Where's ur plan, r state things wrong, don't just vote no. action
Ryan, McConnell, McCain and others promised us complete repeal & replace for several years! That's what we want, not ObamaCareLite!
Ryan McDonnell and McCain have morphed into snowflakes
Then why don't you get it repealed? Talk the talk walk the walk!
To Trolls: @RandPaul has been working behind scenes w/ @potus for months. They are about to open up health associations across state lines.
Trump has already done that ALONE, don't give any credit 2 this ass 4 it. Just like the tax reform, Rand Paul is a "no" vote on it 2.
and you do nothing but talk tough so sad there's no action behind your blabbing
That is getting us nowhere!!
You have never done anything yet
He part of the SWAMP ....Broke his promise...
AN OLD COMMANDING OFFICER ONCE TOLD ME: DO NOT EVER BRING ME A PROBLEM WITHOUT BRINGING ME A PROPOSED SOLUTION! WHAT IS YOURS SENATOR? 
His plan can easily be found in a google search:  https://www.paul.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/ObamacareReplacementActSections.pdf …
There was no problem with health care before 2009. If U didn't want county aid then get a job. Not into socialism
@RobinEnochs @RandPaul Vocal, maybe, but not getting anything done makes you as worthless as your peers.
Talk is cheap. To my knowledge you don't have 60 votes...hello single payer thanks to you and a few
Rand Paul never was known of being to bright
Are you for the tax cuts where in the end is just a wash for the mid class. Less deductions. State inc tax, property tax are big
Why don't you work with your party, instead of obstructing it. Remember you were voted in because of Trump
Thank you, Rand!
It's almost as if talking endlessly doesn't solve anything when your underlying argument is logically and moral bankrupt.
“.@RandPaul: "no more vocal opponent in Washington than myself against ObamaCare." So back @SenSanders SINGLE PAYER! @AP_Politics @CBS
I read somewhere that the most dangerous radical Islamic terrorists are the ones who pretend to be westernized

Same with @RandPaul. He pretends to be a holier-than-thou conservative, but his actions have again and again helped globalists, which imply Soros-type corruption
As tragically as in the play by Shakespeare,  a Bill named Graham-Cassidy, brutally stabbed by multiple GOPe Senators lay dying next to Senators who were eating lunch.

The Bill looked up at @RandPaul, a man it had trusted, and woefully said: "ET TU, BRUTE?" just before it died!
And yet it still exists. Thanks
I wish I lived in Kentucky so I could vote against @SenateMajLdr Mitch McConnell 
Stop being a Republican waste & fix the ACA!!! You're not smart enough to come up with something better before we all die.
We'd like to have health insurance again. signed the self employed. @sendavidperdue @SenatorIsakson @CongressmanHice Repeal do NOT replace.
Stand with @RandPaul Repeal DO NOT REPLACE #Obamacare Get big govt out of our business.
Talk is cheap.
Doesn't seem like it when you keep. Oting to keepit
Then why haven't you voted it out? You are a liar.
Then why do you keep fucking shit up on a vote?
Group insurance for the entire country!!!!!!
You cant say no to everything . We must start somewhere . Getter done
My question Senator is you ran on repeal, what did you actually bring to the table. I am repealing my vote for you. I am in your district.
You have always been against everything unless it benefits you alone
Why don't you put forward a bill for straight repeal then?
Socrates Paul
Then please repeal and save the middle class against high deductibles and unaffordable health care
I applaud your effort in opposition . Sadly your solutions are misguided and remedial. I can solve the problem.  Call me for lunch
And it is still there
Republicans and Democrats older than 60s should be removed and replaced they don't have new ideas with an IQ of 0 to 3 there is no winneres
Actions speak louder than words
Your only against it because it is not going to kill enough people for your taste. Real humanitarian
Yet he falls in lock step with Mitch and that senile traitor McCain and all the other vermin to undermine the country!!! RAT BASTARDS 
I'm paying 1000 dollars a month on a policy for my wife and four kids. 6500 deductible before coverage. All because of Obama care
Many hardworking Americans cannot afford to get health care because of high deductibles. While those who don't work get free health care
Stop destroying g our chances of change for the better.
Then help fix the system you are a Doctor make it work for Us and the Doctors Obama Care is a Disaster 
Nothing wrong with Obamacare that can't be improved upon.
Yeah? McCain ran on it too. See where we are?
Seriously????
Seriously
Wow
Cant wait til u r up for election as @RandPaul days r numbered in DC.
Seems that it comes down to: care vs ins co.  Is there a workable solution?
Repeal
That's why you are voting to keep it going. You and McCain are protecting Obamacare
So fix the problem
All he does is talk. No action
He stands with the Democrats. He will own the obamination
Fix it don't just run the mouth
Prove it !  Vote for this bill and you can continue to fix it.
It's going to take more than talk Rand.
Why @BarackObama
Oh? @SenJohnMcCain was VERY vocal in his opposition to Obamacare.  Fat bit of good THAT did us.
Part of the swamp
No one will ever buy that after your vote!
But what are doing about it? We don't need critics. We need the senate to repeal and place it
Are you proud? Got nothing done
Shut up
That's hilarious
LIES!
We'll show you how we feel about that, at the ballot box when you come home to Kentucky
Please do. Thank you Kentucky. I 'd help if I could.  Wait, I might be able to vote in your state.
There's a conservative in Congress? Wow.
Lair. Just pissed because Trump is in White House and you are not.
Needs to put his vote where his mouth is.#RepealObamacare
Go Senator Paul!
If it is a conservative actual REPEAL, it will pass.  The people of America demand it.  The liberal lite version of this repeal is junk.
im tired of your way or the highway.  All you do is help the dems resist change.
We need insurance co reform! It's time that doctors control your healthcare, not insurance companies.
We need Obama care to end
Stand your ground, I can buy every other insurance across state lines but Politicians won't allow health ins or supplemental across lines.
Repeal
He might want to consider a comb
You might want to consider not tweeting.
If that's really true than sign the Bill. All healthcare plans will continually evolve based on changes. Just sign it already!
That's incredibly naive of you to suggest. Passing garbage legislation because of impatience is foolish lawmaking.
Having healthcare is a must. Having it right the 1st time will be great. Hoping you don't have aulterer motives and it's for right reasons.
Just look at his record, he's a man of his word.
You standing on principle is hurting the Republicans and the nation.
Just words we need repeal. Obamacare is bankrupting America
Senator Paul - They why do you allow it to remain the law of the land. Actions speak louder than your hollow words.  Sanders/Paul in 2020
He doesn't, it's you guys not swaying your reps to present repeal and keep their word. He's doing everything he can.
Be proud, that's all you've done. Obstructionist
Being vocal against it does not help us! Actions speak louder than words! Our costs are through the roof and you are talking. Blah blah blah
He's keeping his word, shame on you people for trivializing his position, it's why so many politicians get away with flipping on topics.
Great, you were a vocal opponent.  What have you done on the positive side to replace it?  All I see are reasons you don't support anything.
You people are intellectually dishonest trivializing his promise-keeping while you likely did nothing in pushing ur Reps to support him.
Very true....we need to hold our reps accountable
Oh shut up! You vote to everything
What has your lazy-ass done? You written to your Senators? You even aware of his proposed plan from 5 years ago? Either man up or shut up.
Talk is cheap.
Premiums are 20%/25% admin costs/profits and 75%/80% claims. Everyone chasing the wrong end of the cost curve. Must lower Dr & Hosp charges.
Hey Rand, get off your A$$ and do something instead of criticizing those that are bringing something to the table.
Talk is cheap. Any bill you propose can't get anywhere in Congress and you know it.
Because of people like you, easy to criticize principled while doing nothing to provide support to their causes. Just lazy.
There's only 6 or so health carriers & they're already in all states.Think Aetna in CA will charge less in KY than Aetna in KY already does?
You still don't get it. Associations are a pipe dream. REAL insurers won't touch FULLY INSURED those plans. Only risky self insured schemes.
It's not just about what the insurers provide but the associations being able to directly negotiate with providers of the care or goods.
Associations of individuals are great at mass purchasing power of everything but insurance. They ALL have a death spiral after large claims.
Insurance is a fix to high costs of goods and services, his plan is to get to the root and free up competition to drive baseline costs down.
Premiums are 20%/25% admin costs/profits and 75%/80% claims. Everyone chasing the wrong end of the cost curve. Must lower Dr & Hosp charges.
Do it through competition, make them have to compete with one another instead of having buffer zones provided through regulatory benefits.
Agreed! Have all Drs. and hospitals post their charge to FULLY CURE a specific diagnosis. Incentivize doctors to "cure" instead of "treat".
I agree, it's absurd that you can't call around & get pricing on more complicated procedure due to insurers & Dr's making up costs on demand
I don't care what anyone says about RP. his hair
Fix the real ptoblem. Hospitals,Dr, and pharmacies over charging for everything. That's what need to be fixed first...
Then get your crap together and FIX IT!! For years you all have been preaching, now let's see some progress. You have all the tools in place
You people are annoying as hell. I'm almost certain not one of even knew of Rand's proposals, let alone wrote to ur Reps to support it.
Should read But I refuse to present any alternative that MAGA The GOP goal is to remove HC from everyone but the Rich & Rand will make it so
Cut the bullshit! You have no alternative plan, so fix Obamacare.
Rand, I liked your plan;however, need to compromise to get something done! Please! 
You have more negotiating leverage the longer ACA fails. Dems will eventually defect.
Vocal doesn't equate to action! Action does!
Very dissatisfied that Rand broke his promises
We need to get rid of it. Ask me about Americare
Then be part of the solution instead of part of the problem!
Stop tooting your horn and go to work.  Pathetic you just vote no and criticize.
Thank You first Rand Paul for supporting Our health, and thank Our President for Saying This Belongs To the Hard working US , Not giving up
Rand Paul needs to keep his promises and repeal Obamacare
HORSEMANURE GOP rand paul...GOP Judas...dc betrayor USA promises.your pathetic
Kentucky you get what you voted for. 2 very ineffective Senators.
RT @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence ALL LAWS MUST APPLY TO EVERYONE EQUALLY WITH NO EXEMPTIONS OR EXCEPTIONS OR HIGHER COSTS. #USA #Congress
That's American citizens, not illegals. There is a Constitution that points that out.
GOP needs to start with a clean repeal. The rest will take care of it's self
This sounds good. Hope all get on board with it!
He's awesome! He'll get it done just slow
yet we still have obama(dont)care
Thanks to you people for allowing establishment to provide garbage bills.
Senator, thank you for keeping your promise to the American people. Do not yield to #FakeRepeal
Senate needs to pass Obamacare Replacement Act- best plan so far (4 pages) https://www.paul.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/ObamacareReplacementActSections.pdf …
Or more vocal against repealing it?
So why do you help keep us under the failed program? Stupid remark from you.
Well it's still in place
And yet it remains.
The health care ACA glass is empty, you want it totally full. Congress is just trying to make it half full or half empty, you perspective, why can't you be part of a partial solution and make the glass full later, think 2018. You failed us.
That's not how any of this works. You guys are living in a fantasy-land thinking you'll having more significant change after you pass this.
Just repeal Obamacare and go back private
Really, wow
Man of his word. Dishonest people disagree.
#StandWithRand
Words are wind. Your actions match the democrats right now.
I respect Rand Paul's input and knowledge. I hope he can find a way to make it right.
He needs to keep his promises and repeal Obamacare
Blah, blah, blah
Blah blah blah.  We know this already.  Its just more problem focused rhetoric than a discourse about solutions.  #Solutions
I listened to you again this morning. Thank you. Looking forward to seeing results!
Rand Paul works like a Devil Dog everyday.  He dose not give up. What hv you done for your Country lately?  Help And~
Stand By Rand Paul
Kat
He needs to keep his promises and repeal Obamacare
But why does his hair look like this
RT @realDonaldTrump Once again like #FullRepeal #Trump screws #Americans & #WeThePeople on #taxes & sells out to the Big Corps. & wealthy.
Yeah, and things unlikely to change unless some kind of collapse if we can get Anti-corruption laws passed.
yes. but u r wrong in not voting for repeal. nobody wants any suffering, however, obamacare is a massive spending welfare program, a failed experiment in socialism, which we the people cannot afford.
Cut your hair hippie
And we respect & love you for speaking the truth about Obamacare or any gov controlled h/c. Plz keep it up. We need 95 like u in senate.
Sick of hearing his voice.
That's pathetic and immature.
Yes,that's why we still have the ACA,all that has been given to replace it has been so much worse than ACA.Just update & fix the ACA
Has he helped pass a replacement yet?
Because he lives in a alternate fact world
7 YEARS, Rand. 7 years.
PLEASE HELP  !! GET RID OF THE MANDATE!! NO DOCTORS TAKE OBUMMER CARE AND I CAN NOT AFFORD THE DAM PENALTY!!!
except for that time i tanked the only viable walk back from it and now we're stuck with it forever.
What does this guy want?  Obama's head on a plate?
Seems like all Rand Paul is doing is Waiting each time to say "no". I dont see him halting to write the dam bill
"excuse me while i pat myself on the back for crusading  to deprive millions of their health care for ideological reasons"...
All talk no action
Doubt you've done anything yourself to support him, so, yeah.
Why can't we go back to the way it was before Obamacare? Why does America now agree with Govt. run Healthcare? Just regulate ins. Comp.
Then get something done.  All talk
Great interview on both ends! Thats info that we needed to call our RINO Senators and tell them FULL REPEAL u must vote for PERIOD!
Do something other than complain! Start somewhere. Doing nothing is supporting Obamacare
Agree
Go lay down rand you are out of order
Really don't look that way
No results yet. Just rhtoric's
This sounds reasonable.
Paul is paid to pretend to be the opposition. Notice he is actually just an establishment roadblock to change.
#Obamacare
Paul is as much of a do nothing as anyone. Never satisfied with anyone's proposals. Getting paid to do nothing.
Rand Paul, you are to be blamed for not repealing ObamaCare and you will be defeated when you run for reelection.
Agreed
@RandPaul, well then, maybe you should sign up for it so you can see just how worthless it truly is.
Senator Rand, do compromise and pass the Health Care Act. It is not enough to say the proposed one does not fit your taste. We cannot wait
"Fit your taste" You act as if sticking to your promises and not "compromising" (joke of a word in today's politics) is bad. That's change.
Mr. Paul you will not be reelected, the American public witnessed you as a traitor to them and the Republican Party.
Kentucky this nut is on you. Vote him out. Nothing but an obstructionist. Votes no on everything!
Who died and made you God of the Senate, Trader!
Ya ain't done nothin
Don't u have either
Traitor to the American people and the Republican Party. 
Hopefully getting an EO for across state lines will get Rand on board.
I LIKE HIS PLAN SO FAR. Congress WILL NOT REPEAL Ocare because each of them get KICKBACKS fm companies who support Obamacare.
We need Trump to push Rand's plans, alienate the establishment GOP and target them in mid-terms. Finish the job we started.
When you coming back to sky fox news
Yeah, but what have you actually "done" about it other that take cheap shots at anybody else's work to fix it? Do something or get out!
Gosh I just read mostly bad comments about u Resign !!! We need republicans who stand behind President Trump
Get the ball rolling Repeal & Replace Then u can all add & take off the good & bad things to help the Americans
You may have been Obamacare's biggest opponent but your also the biggest roadblock in its repeal.
And yet, all he does is vote to keep it in place
Well, no, it's in place because people lack enough of a spine to force their reps to provide a real bill, not this garbage.
Just another phony politician. Kentucky would have had to pay, THAT’ S why he was gonna vote “NO”
And no more vocal opponent to the ppl
Insurance due to preexisting conditions like cancer etc. why can't GOP act human for once. It's not the time for racism & white supremacist
GOP have tried to cancel Obamacare for years but never been close or succeeded. American people don't want loose medicare,medicare or loose
You have let us down.
Your mouth say you against them your actions say you forward that's why you vote no
We need doers not just grandstanding mouth pieces.  We need HC for our children .  We need both parties to unite and serve Americans vice souring each other.
Rand already told Trump he should and has the authority to extend association buying to smaller entities. He's 3 steps ahead.
He said to actually expect it, as he does have many conversations with Trump. What do you think happens when those 2 golf together?
You have made it clear you don't care if the people suffer.
Whatever dude. You're all talk. You've had 8 years to do something. I voted for you. I won't again.
