These are defensive tools used to protect my life. Thanks for failing to see that.
How are grenade launchers defensive tools? What possible purpose could they serve in policing?
When someone is placing overwhelming fire power at your location.
Don't be ridiculous. This isn't a videogame. It is not practical to use grenade launchers and bayonets for policing civilian populations.
4)What's ridiculous is you think you know how to do my job better than I with zero law enforcement/real world experience.
They have juvenile thinking
Yeah, lets be adults and start using predator drones on Americans as well...
Sorry that was obama doing besides unmasking over 1000 American citizens. Don't see no protesters Why is that?
We use the equipment to help SAVE LIVES!  #ThinBlueLine Sen Paul you need to understand that. #hustonflood
How do grenade launchers and bayonets "save lives" ? We're talking about the policing of a civilian population.
Are Antifa and ISIS civil groups?
Actually, they are the literal definition of civilian protesters. 
I agree to a point. But when police r being ambused & shot in their vehicles, the vehicles need 2 b up-armoured 2 protect those who serve!
They need grenade launchers for that?
Are you out there in harms way fighting those paid antifa protesters with sticks pepper spray? Didn't think so.
You starting to sound like a rino. Just like McConnell. Remember voters can replace you!!! MAKE KENTUCKY GREAT AGAIN
So just let the Protestors/Thugs have their way??
The armor didn't work in Charlottesville.
Had stand down in Charlottesville
And they will use the armor against conservatives when told to just like they stood down in Charlottesville.
Oh shut Up rand!
Kiss my ass cry baby bleeding heart!!
That is a good idea @RandPaul scrap surplus, then buy new for police.  Spend, spend, spend
When did Senator Paul say scrap anything? He's probably the most frugal person in Washington.
If you are against police buying military surplus, where do you think it ends up? 

When police have to order custom built equip, not frugal
It belongs with the well regulated militias, not the police.
The way I see the drug dealers gangs armed, it is wise to arm police with whatever is needed to take them down, instead of less to look good
Arm the militias under proper training and regulated locally under the elected sheriffs. The militias are the true deputies.
I have this feeling that when drug gang was located, military taking the point would not give others an impression of being protected.
Have you heard about the upcoming civil wars planned by Antifa et al? At least temporarily these weapons are a necessity
In this day and age the police need all the help they can get to keep us safe from all the hate groups, left and right.
@ActivistPost @nypost the people should be giving war machines to the police, FTP
I don't want to live in a police state, I don't want to see police dressed like special forces. They already are too violent
I know this and I support LE totally.  SWAT raids by local LEA's scare the heck out of me.
Well you are up against the Keebler elf from hell. Wishing you all the best, cause cops are thugs
And, why not? Police are in a war with drug dealers, terrorists & assorted anti-American "hate" groups like Antifa, BLM, gangs, etc.
No more War Pigs of the power...
You're against everythin that's not your idea. Sure hope the people of Kentucky remember your obstructionist attitude
Nov 4th http://www.anonews.co/antifa-november-4th/ …
Amazing, these people are paid Communists thugs .  Not anarchists.
Have Rand fight terrorism with his pocket Constitution if he doesn't like Police having "war machines"
Rand, I don't agree with you on a lot, but this is one thing I do. -An extremely liberal democrat.
Obama took them away to prevent law enforcement from being able to repel globalist UN occupation forces.
Yes, they should!
Armored personnel carriers to get people in and out of rioting mobs of #AntiFa thugs would save a lot of Injuries. We aren't talking tanks.
WHY YOU WANT TO SELL THEM TO YOUR MUSLIM REGIMES OF SLAVERY AGAINST WOMEN????
What about Decommissioned Subs??? Central park has a pond...
Agree
NO THEY SHOULDNT
I'm sure Police driving the streets in Chicago would feel safer patrolling in a bulletproof vehicle! @TheJusticeDept @POTUS @POTUSPress
Armored personnel carriers and water cannons aren't weapons of war. Police use tear gas in the US, which is banned in warfare. #Facts
You contradict yourself in this insane reply; tear gas is bad enough that it's use is a war crime, but legal to use on citizens? I cant even
It isn't a contradiction, it is a statement of fact
I believe in law enforcement, but I have seen way too many corrupt ones who would use this kind of power for personal vendettas and profit.
Small small corrupt versus lifesavers
Grenade launchers and bayonets raised the red flag. Cops don't need bayonets and Grenade launchers.
Yes the police need this equipment to protect the population.  #stopwastingmoney #lawenforcement #law1
Wrong.  I've seen Military Troop Transport High Water Vehicles stamped with Houston PD...
And how will those armored vehicles be used when radical leftists are in the WH and control Congress? No foresight on Sessions' behalf.
A radical liberal was in the White House... obama took away this stuff from the cops...
No, he didn't. It was liberal mayors ordering police to stand down. Will attack conservatives if given order by liberal mayor.
Obama is the one who signed an executive order to not allow cops to have military like vehicles and that.he was one of the most radical pres
Gonna keep reposting I see. Not like they will be rolling down the street in tanks
Actually, that's precisely what they will be doing.
Ur such an embarrassment to your friends and family, displaying such ignorance
The police are your friends until they let you get the shit beat out of you by a bunch of leftist thugs like they did in Charlottesville.
THEY WERE LUCKY ..THEY HAD THOSE MILITARY TRUCKS TO RESCUE PEOPLE...
All fair points. But what about the excess on military spending to begin with? So much "surplus." Our defense budget is out of control
Talk to the Fascist leader of YOUR party.  You own this.
The democrats?
Christiansburg, VA near where I grew up has an MRAP & a population of 21,000. They need that like I need one for home security!!!
If cops can't handle it, the militia can, problem solved, no cop needs beyond his service gun period!
And pro-liberty politicians shouldn't vote to confirm authoritarian law-and-order statists like AG Jeff Sessions, but here we are...
You sit in your cushion office and don't have a clue.  Let urine and rocks hit you and see if you would change your mind.
It's Problem Reaction Solution ploy to create standing army and pit Americans against each other. A police state is not the best solution.
Rachel if you behave you don't have to worry about the police. I couldn't care if police officers drive tanks, I behave police don't bother!
Tell that to the many dead innocents at the hands of our police! And add defenseless animals to that as well!
Kevin Kevin Kevin slow down, what are you talking about?
Is it really that hard to understand?
Yes Senator, Let the bad guys out gun us! Much appreciated.
So you agree that there should be gun control. Good call, more lives will be saved that way. Thank you.
@RandPaul 
What shall we do to stop mobs (Berkeley) when police stand by while attacks are taking place?
The police are already entirely capable of dealing with such situations as long as they are given the order. They don't need APCs.
We live in dangerous times, the days of white picket fences are over. Paul If you keep resisting, I'm not sure you'll get my vote again.
War machine, is that what u call them.  Pathetic
If they had some of those "war machines" in our cities ANTIFA wouldn't be so quick to attack innocent conservatives.
Agree. War machines should be SOLD (at discount) to police, not given to.
Paul says no to everything. That's what he does.
Senator #RandPaul, while I respect your philosophical reasoning, what about increased weapons capabilities of gangs, criminals, terrorists?
Go serve a few weeks while senate in recess with some swat teams then tell us. Idiot.
As U walk around w/ armed body guards. Y'all up in DC keep screwing w/ our country, along with the media. Arm our police force to the teeth!
Rand, how did you get so out of touch with reality? I guess it's nice that you have the wherewithal to live in your perfect fantasy world.
If we must have a police state to maintain public safety; most people would prefer it be local police with firepower than the Feds @brithume
Sen Paul have you ever known anything other than a privileged lifestyle?
That is a facile view. If there is war in the streets, U must properly equip law enforcement.
Where were you Senator when FBI & DHS warned about Antifa being a home terrorist group. Regular don't trust you. Armor for police.
Yeah war machines...
Shut up Rand
The problem of Senator Rand Paul. He get it missed up!
Giving police "all the tools they need" shouldn't necessarily mean more weapons.  Maybe they need better training more.
I agree the police are NOT the military
It isn't what they have, but how they use it.
You have not said a word about FBI poor excuse not to  make public HClinton papers and u have time to complain about this
If properly use will safe lives ,Antifa what are going to do? Nobody that covers their faces is trustworthy terrorist YES
Yes ..Arm The Police With Anything They Need ..Protect The Law Abiding Citizens Of The USA ..Sick Of Thugs And Gangs !!
Why not
Why Not? Why deny police the equipment to keep our citizens safe?
Then the citizens can't black market them from cops and point them at Capital or white house
Shut up
We don't need more force. We need leaders in government to start condemning the use of force!
I agree. We don't need more artillery on the streets--we need justice and fair treatment. Militarization treats the symptom, not the cause.
And why not Paul the way this country is going Antifa, BLM Soros & Hillary funding them they need it!
Our founders wrote a constitution that placed the rights of citizens above government. Check the 2A. Citizens should not be out-gunned.
True, and the citizens are the militias not the police.
from where i use to live in kansas, yes it seems extreme but we live in a time of terrorists in the usa and id rather the police have it
1) The feds shouldn't give "war machines" to Israel.

2) Public or private funds shouldn't be used to train domestic police in Israel.

3) 
Would you rather give them to isis like the last president and CIA
Giving more power to the police will help each state stop the violence that is going on with protests. We need to stop crime in states
Disagree! We must have law and order! Stop it before it gets stated with force if necessary protect our 1st line of protection our police!
They're vicious enough already to certain minorities without getting more lethal weapons.
not getting more weapons, its called a mrap basically troop carrier to get them in and out of hot zones safely, and can be used as rescue
Repeal Lautenberg now. Targets every man in the nation for a lifetime ban.
Why you don't want the police to win
Thank you Rand! Sad to see so much ignorance to the deeper implications of these programs on here. #StillRanding
The weapons of war need to be available to the militias, not the police. The militias are the true defense of the Republic.
Maybe go for a ride on for a week with the police who serve in Chicago and see how you feel.
Keep the scheme of paramilitary police in the banana republics, not here!
also, the feds shouldn't have war machines. It's there job to organize wars and the deployment of individual state's war machines. Sadly...
Not a GOP but I wholeheartedly agree
ok with you private citizens have any gun and as many rounds as they want, but police can not have the tools they need protect?  Wow! SMH
citizens cant have any gun we want there is limits what we can buy, have to have special permitts and licenses to have guns like police
certain ammo is illegal
Maybe the directed energy weapon?
How about cruise missiles for stopping speeding motorists?
This and continuing asset forfeiture have been very disappointing.
So stand up and help stop it you coward!!
I wonder if this is the standing army our Founders were worried about. Why don't we give that equipment 2 our well-regulated militia.
Sorry SRP, gain I like you,but do you see what the militant Left is doing being ANTIFA  which they ARE PRO  FAC the way they are.So Tolerant
Do you represent your dad in the Senate? Kook
Heck, give 'em tanks for all I care as long as they use them on fools like the KKK and the like.
YES they should
Can you tell us why you voted to confirm Sessions, or was it just for an endless source of topics for e-mail fundraisers?
Use it to stop antifa and I'm good!
How about the fiscal aspect of this? Why incur more costs when we have the equipment already. Use what we have stop spending.
Let the public services have the surplus vehicles and equipment.
I disagree with you thoroughly on your economic platform but I applaud your consistency with respect to this and many other issues.
Trump comforts Texans and Americans with "What a crowd, what a turn out".  What the f--k is wrong with him? for the love of god!
Why don't you or your father say what is really happening in Washington? Too dangerous, or I'm just a conspiracy theorist?
This is a BAD idea. What is wrong with this administration? Have they nothing but going against Obama?
Thank you for being the sane voice on the R side of the aisle 
Sorry Senator but to control this Obamanites we need all the force we can get, don't see need to expose Blue Lives because they matter. !!
Rand go away!
Were not talking tanks here, Rand.
I may get a lot of crap from my fellow Trump supporters for this but I am a libertarian first I completely agree with Sen Paul .
I fully agree with you. Surely the apocalypse is nigh.
As long as ANTIFA is around YalE's you do.
Police need Bayonets?no, but if ISIS & Antifa continue to grow & become more emboldened by Democrats & RINOS they MAY need armored vehicles!
Its wrong
And how are they supposed to defend people and themselves from antifa who outnumber them and use violence?
Well said Senator. Anything you can do to stop this? Please try.
Sorry, sir, you are wrong on this one. It's a war zone in some cities Rockford IL. Police need resources!
Arm and train the militias not the police.
"War machines" is a gross over statement and you know it.
We don't need our police officers running around looking and acting like they are the military. What do our police need bayonets for. Crazy.
Their slogan is supposed to be to serve and protect. Not to slice up and serve. Bayonets what in the world is happening to our country?
I somewhat agree except the police are afraid to use the tools they already have. They are being told to stand down. They are to protect us.
I know right? Like Don Cheadle has that kinda time to be crime fighting for street level bullshit. #avengers #warmachine
If the police have the proper equipment, antifa might have to rethink their terror attacks on law-abiding citizens.
This is so true. We want a very limited government and our freedoms back. No more FASCISM. American's don't get it
NO! Any deaths or injuries caused by the use of military war machines will be held against trump & sessions! You are complicit & accountable
I agree with you Senator. Sessions is completely clueless on how to restore order.  He's expanding govt tyranny. Needs to go!!
Okay, you're been on this pedestal. Do your job, health care taxes etc.
Rand you should focus on getting something done in the Hiuse and support POTUS decisions. You are looking very much like a Dem o rat
As a former military vet, I agree with you. Police do not need an MRAP.  Police do not need to be militarized.
Look a around at Berkley. Need more power to deter current trend in violence
Disappointed Rand.... Rather US Police get the Surplus .... not NK or China or other X-pats on black market !
Excessive militarization of police may in fact be a violation of 3rd Amendment...  http://legalisms.blogspot.com/2015/01/the-militarization-of-police-forces-as.html …
there are no limits in how secure the protection of law can be, there is absolutely nothing bad about arming the police well
"war machines" what does he mean? what the reader assumes!These are not cannons, FA 16 firing rockets and other thing used in Syria grow up
Most local police r not train in the proper use of military equipment let alone knowing when to use it its like leaving a loaded gun w/ kids
If the police start acquiring M1 Abrams tanks and AH-64 Apache helicopters then I'll be concerned.
Being a rino is not becoming.
Not give equip.to the police&not give good med.ins. to the Amer.people only if you say so or come up with something YOU feel is better right
Obstructionist rand paul, you allowed mass flow of undocumented illegals in, allowed mass riots n protest, yet you want to defund police.
You are demented. Go join the Democrats where you belong. You are just as oppositional as they are!
I have no pity for ANTIFA terrorist.  They show up with faces covered,  clubs and pepper spray. And cause riots. Shoot all terrorist dead
While Obama allow terrorist ground to grow out of hand. The war machine are needed to combat leftist radical racist terrorist.  No fear
While Obama allow terrorist groups to grow out of hand. The war machine are needed to combat leftist radical racist terrorist.  Have No fear
why not the criminals are using that kind of stuff against the police
How else can good police fight the criminals n thugs. The criminals n thugs have their weapons.
Is that YOUR opinion or your constituents  opinion???  It Matters -
Agreed, are you capable of putting a coalition together and passing something into law, all talk no action
Militarized police forces are troubling considering #Sessions' fanatical opposition to God's green herb. Why not re-legalize? @AnnCoulter
I support giving such War weapons to police.They need to stop the violence & need to put the Fear of God in these Radical Terrorist ANTIFA
When the ppl have them u hear weapons of war should not be on the streets!  But it's ok for the police to have them... SMH!!
Agreed.  Put forward a bill.
Exactly.
So easy for you living in your bubbly comfortable DC dynamic.
How about you give us healt care like you promised instead of this????
Anybody who sees Antifa shrouded in black from head to toe carring whatever weapon they choose want police heavily armed & Bearcat equipted
Yes they should,we live in a Terrorist environment and have to pre plan for anything.
Giving police better equipment should not change the laws they must follow. The police just want to stay alive and go home at shift change.
Can't agree with you on this one Rand. Police are being killed for trying to protect average Americans. Why should THEY DIE?
How about use that money for deescalation training? Or community policing? Or anything else besides MRAPS.
Is there anyone who can stop this guy????
Want to stop a police state: help undo the marxist indoctrination in all education
Rand - The left is arming their radical minions and shock troops and they are gunning for the police and US.
@LEX18News @nypost Departments do no purchase them. Military surplus. It's given to them. Do research before you spout off.
This could be a good idea if the Mexicans choose to attack.
You don't have to worry DOJ doing nothing anyway!
Agree  %
Wow something we agree on
Thank you Senator. What a terrifying concept as potus edges closer to his authoritarian regime!
Reforming the justice system and arming our police are not mutually exclusive
Laurie Williams is right.  You are a coward Rand Paul. You fight our Administration every which way. Be an Officer 1 week !
Why!!?
Here is the Problem, The Police is not the Military and outfitting them as such, gives the Citizens cause for worry, they can be next
The criminals have it.. remember Dallas las year? They have the right to defend themselves and the government the obligation to provide it.
Agreed. Police estate in the making.
"War machines"? Heavy all-terrain vehicles in a city may seem unnecessary. In rural counties (or in flooded Houston), a different story.
Shut up Rand. Your kind of Republican Socialism sucks. #MAGA #RINO
They are at war with an entity called ANTIFA. DO SOMETHING ABOUT THIS TERRORIST GROUP
Vests and helmets are not war machines. Tactical vehicles are necessary for safety.
The President isn't the King and he is to be limited through the legislative branch and the Constitution. 
#StandWithRand and #MAFA
Senator ride with a cop before you make judgement call.
Yes in Chicago!
Rand u have no understanding of current mission of America's Urban Combat Soldiers having been one I can tell U we have 2 fight like soldier
Like your father, you are completely delusional about the Real Problems in the world, police face the war machines of the cartels everyday
So, you support the anarchist who want do destroy the police and have better weapons? They have RPG's now.  Wake UP!
what did i miss who has/used a rog in the usa.
Wasnt the order rescinded so that military vehicles could be provided to Texas to support Harvey response?  Get your priorities right Rand.
I would like to see the police armed with rocket launchers an automatic assault rifle's no fake bullets and mow down all these Antifa losers
And remember that they may call you the enemy after Antifa is destroyed. They'll want to use those new toys again and again.
One step closer to nationalizing the police.
