I live in California. I feel uneasy about you cozying up to Rand Paul.
ICYMI: Rand's father is contributor to RT, the Putin-controlled network cited by US intelligence agencies as Moscow's propaganda vehicle. https://twitter.com/RandPaul/status/888008834169671683 …
I like Rand Paul's views on some criminal justice reform.. not much else though.
Fair enough. He frightens me.
Ya he is an extreme libertarian...but that's what makes him good at criminal justice reform imho. He doesn't want to lock ppl up 4 evrythng
Good point.
Dr. Rand Paul is a good man and a great doctor. He's performed untold hours of probono surgeries for those who can't afford medical services
I'm not saying anything about him personally. But I'm not a fan of most of his political positions. But I didn't know that about him.
Go watch a few of his interviews. Genuine guy who clearly states his position and backs it up with facts instead of emotion.
could you ask your buddy why he doesn't take #trumprussia seriously and thinks it is a witch hunt?
dude just stop it.  There are WAY bigger issues than Russia, like arsenic getting in our water supply and police robbing and killing people
dude are you fcking kidding me? it's a national security issue and the biggest scandal in our history.

Without a doubt!! there's no need to keep telling people only blacks are criminals,, that's bullshit
It seems like they keep saying blacks can't stop doing crime and always being poor. How about helping people get jobs so they don't do crime
The problem is it starts with education and they take all the funding from education In order to get that good job..#NotQualifiedEnough.
.@SenKamalaHarris @RandPaul @nytimes This is why DONAFY partnered with @PhillyDefenders to help those awaiting trial that aren't a risk 1/2
..avoid unnecessary & costly jail time because they need housing or social services 2/2
Yes he is one of the most scariest people in the senate. @RandPaul is an ideologue and Koch bought and paid. KY constituent in fear
Ideologues aren't bought or paid for.
Are you inferring that @RandPaul isn't bought and paid for? Oh contraire. He loves himself some Koch money. #kochboy #bananarepublicans
Either he is an ideologue or he's bought and payed for.  I don't care who supports him. People have the right to support whoever they want.
By who's definition is this? Yes, you do have a right to support whom ever you want. He's sadly my senator and I have a civil duty to speak
Note the word uncompromising
Firstly, this is your argument an ideologue cannot be driven by wealth? Your country should remember Hitler, Himmler and Goering well.
Lastly, quite a sanctimonious position coming from a man with healthcare and free college tuition. Stick to EU problems
Wow! Kamala, I'm not a democrat but I whom agree with both you & senator @RandPaul  I'll back this bipartisan approach!!!
@KirstenPowers @RandPaul @nytimes yes  criminal justice  reform   is  long  overdue.
I cannot support anything Kamala Harris is part of , she is only using Rand Paul to further try to climb the political ladder, she is fake!
Least she isn't sleeping with the boss to get ahead this time, like reporting says she has done in the past to get jobs.
Well you never know what she has done to get where she is since Willie, a leopards spots never change! Lol
I don't know how people like this are even able to work in government, obviously zero morals and ethics.
I just heard an @NPR story about how NJ reformed their bail system!
It's a disaster criminals are being released left and right.
Sensible reform yes. Kamala's job in California was NOT sensible. Criminals own our streets thanks to her and her ilk.
You need to do more than reform bail
You Both are Wrong-NOT a race/color issue-Not all white folks can afford 2 pay $ Bail-Your Race-Obsessed Mindsets & Assumptions Divide Us.
It is not all about race. It is criminalizing people for being poor.
It is not OUR fault they were caught doing something wrong and put in jail. We end up paying for them whether they are in OR out of jail!
Wow! You sure are self-righteous. Have you ever heard of due process? Not all charged with a crime are guilty.
Stop doing crime and work.

I agree reform is needed.  Drug pushers getting off way too lightly.  Thanks Nobama!
This Senator and Rand Paul both cannot seem to focus on the present problem of a congress that refuses to REDUCE CURRENT FED SPENDING NOW!
@SenKamalaHarris as a Dem I'm proud to see u working w/ Republicans to fix our problems.  We need more bipartisanship in Congress
#Resist Phony Corporate Dems.
Has anyone considered house arrest with those ankle monitors as an option for non-violent offenders? They can work, make reparations, etc.
GPS are $20-30 per day, who pays?
Who pays for incarceration which costs much more than the GPS?
Bail reform? These ideas are small potatoes which seems to be your MO. Decriminalize cannabis, end private prisons, get rid of mand mind, ..
I think that a defendant should only be forced to weekly report to a probation officer to ensure that the defendant is not on the run
That does not work.
Define details. Please don't be a politician who gains support for undefined positions that affect our lives. Seriously be transparent.
So glad you are taking a leadership role in the Senate, showing your colleagues how to find common ground to make progress.
Ok,  how about just stop committing crimes? Try it for one day.  I've made it for 50 years,   not difficult at all.  #nobodytoblame
Forgot to ask - how's Willie Brown doing?  His wife still spit fire when your name comes up?
"While forms of treachery vary slightly case to case-liberals always take the position that most undermines American security." Ann Coulter
This must be a fake account Harris does nothing nonpartisan
I agree bring back the Death Penalty
are the Clintons on board?  3 strikes and your out for those super predators
I'm all for it! If your idea is, dig a deep hole. Put a bunch of drugs and guns in the bottom and throw them all in. Problem solved!
You couldn't be non-partisan if it hit you between the eyes. Pure BS.
Who says there is no debtors prison in USA?
Progressive Liberal horseshit, lock-up criminals. Reform platforms are just $$$$ scams.. strike one Harris...
Shouldn't u be more focused on law abiding American taxpayers struggling daily on jobs, addiction, tax reform, community safety, gvnmt waste
We know all about your "reform", you let illegal immigrant criminals out on the streets to terrorize Americans.
The very fact you agree in any way w @RandPaul proves how wrong you BOTH are. If you can't do the time don't do the crime. #enforcethelaw

It is never time for you or anything you promote.
First things first honey..Why don't you "bi-partisan yourself into fixing the healthcare issue. Remember, baby steps.
http://bit.ly/EndMarriageFraud … #NoVawa4Visa
Hell -No .
Ok because of 1 person we have to change the whole bail system in our country and have more criminals running around. Typical liberal move.
You're a phony kamala
Love It..but GOP want tougher reform because the $$$$ dictate it!
Do you want to pull an Obama & free murderers & terrorists? Worst pres. Ever. Pres. Trump is one of the best presidents we've had in years.
Please come to Arkansas there's police corruption & cover ups illegal immigrants have committed suicide here and buried in poppers graves
Good for them...that's what showing true bi-partisanship is and making America greater
Absolutely.
If so then why aren't u going after Hilary Clinton
Moved to Louisiana 2 years ago from Seattle. This is heart breaking!!http://facebook.com/fusionmedianet …  We can do better for our neighbors!!!
What rock did you crawl out from under @SenKamalaHarris ?  Grandstanding with no message.  Shut up and get to work.
I dont care for @SenKamalaHarris all...
Will never trust another Dem after @BarackObama @AGLynch @HillaryClinton 
@AmbassadorRice
Crime=Jail
Paul believes in criminals to prison. You want to let them out early.
Sooo much filth in SAN Fran its penetrating every1 & everything KARMA BITES
Brenda, you're not doing a very good job of loving people
I've heard policies make strange bed fellows, but jeesh! Harris and Paul???
Make Everything Legal, then there will be no Crime!!  Rules and Laws never apply to DEMONcrats, the Barak Omuslim Admin proved that!!
Crawl back under your rock kooky kabala.
For people to say he's a scary guy is so shortsighted. When you work for the common good, not just one party, then that is real leadership.
thank you two for working together for the people
Rand Paul finally pursuing something cool.
8th Amendment of the U.S. Constitution Right to Bail. If you don't like it take your concerns to the Supreme Court.
Cuz of disproportionate # of Latinos in system Santa Cruz County CA SHERIFFS implemented 21ST CENT POLICING RECOM & RESPONSES 4 LAW ENFORCEM
This story LIES BY OMMISION. IM not suprised at kamala.. but @RandPaul ran?  VERY DISAPPOINTED.  @stranahan's
BUMMER that @RandPaul LIED like a LEFTIST in NYT OpEd (how I knew) CC @MrsDogC https://www.pscp.tv/w/bEFs0zUxNzIyMzh8MXlOR2FtalhuUW5HalBnGCaivs-zYM57QnZuaT9kiKUt0c5ZF_kC7Avzwyaq …
Although not familiar with Rand Paul position on this issue, I'm in favor of a nonpartisan coalition working on justice reform. I trust you!
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris and @RandPaul We need to fix the system.
What an asinine idea. Forget @ protecting 99.9% of public. That's what public defenders are for. Nothing more than phony ploy for new voters
I agree, but you maybe should have been more on top of this as an AG. Your record is suspect. I hope to be disproved going forward.
you don't let criminals out of jail just to reduce the population.Most go back and commit more crime and murder.We learn from Obama
Hey Kamala, funny you want to work together on your political agenda but Not Rand's or Trump's. Hypocrite
You are a communist and have no concept of the nature of what communism is so obviously you can be ignorant and you can get paid for it too
If you find yourself unable to do this of course and you know nothing about America you know nothing about its foundation Checkmate ditch
I would suggest you could no sooner Define freedom then explain in outline form its entire operating principles and its semantic precision
A crime is a crime, give a man a fish he eat for a day teach a man to fish he eat for life.
Wasn't @CoryBooker working on criminal justice reform with Rand Paul prior to Trump's reign?
Execute multiple murderers, rapers rapers of children  ^major drug dealers. Solves MANY problems w o forcing victims pay for their upkeep
This is an excellent idea and and you have my support to implement this
In current world news, how the Clinton administration ran prisons in Arkansas and the devastating affect worldwide.
https://www.google.com/amp/www.bbc.co.uk/news/amp/40566761 …
Please increase mental health treatment &skills development 4recovery... protect the community by helping the hurt people (inmates) heal.
Most of left of center Congress, need to trade places w/falsely convicted bc they constantly use smear tactics to put innocent people away.
I'm so glad to see you two senators of different parties working together to solve this important issue. Thanks so much!
Thanks for reaching across the aisle for this. Good luck to you both!
You already ruined California. No one is safe here anymore. Don't take the rest of the nation down too.
Rand Paul is a garbage fire and should be avoided. Count your fingers after shaking his hand.
Wow! I agree with you on something. Now how about a nonpartisan approach to healthcare instead of obstruction?
Quit "using @RandPaul " Nobody likes you anyway. Give it up! Go away!
I just sat in MJN for six months as @SCCoSheriff incited I.S. attacks/straddle D61, collusion with Wells Fargo, no discovery=RICO+sedition!
Is this considered a belated birthday gift to Agent Orange?
Please do not link up with @RandPaul who is pro-Russia and has appeared on Russia Today, the state propaganda network many times
Thank you, Senators! We need more bipartisan agreements like this that serve Americans. Senator Harris, very proud to have you represent CA!
As your constituent, I would love for you to agree w/ Rand Paul more often.
Ah yes. The guy who went on record to say that the Civil Rights Act was unnecessary.
Republican Rand Paul? Serious?
I'll support you, not her! Dem & Soros baby girl, corruption... Waiting for her op in 2020  to run for president. No thanks!
Agreed, but perhaps as a follow-on you can both can sponsor a bill to outlaw Federal asset seizure - it's nothing more than theft.
Nice working with the right.  This should be great to point to in your run.
This is how you get things done. Thank you.Regardless if I find Rand Paul repugnant,if you can work with him on this key issue do it.
Why don't you educate people into not breaking the law and that will lead to less incarceration
I think Randy is your perfect sparring partner, plus you can always whup his ass.
Tort reform, tort reform, tort reform, tort reform and lastly, did I mention tort reform?
Condidering what's happening right now #45 might be willing to get behind this.
Kamala you suck!!
How bout focus on protect'g non-criminals n USA Jobs-military-infrastructure-border security-viable healthcare...GO @realDonaldTrump MAGA
No thank you Kamala.  How about addressing the working class first, they pay the bills. Literally and figuratively.
Kamala Harris is an globalist in sheeps clothing; unethical, agenda driven. Not ours. I would not connect w/her-we are the company we keep.
I agree, but if race is going to be part of the convo we need stats on failure to appear by race.  It's a must to determine discrimination.
Anything else you two agree on? Just curious.
It seems a little funny for you to be teaming up with @RandPaul with everything that's going on right now.
.@SenKamalaHarris @RandPaul Oh hell, another "working class hero". Kamala is new kick of the mule #HoodwinkAfoot
Hey Kamala, the only thing I would like to see from you is to be voted out of Congress.  Got it?
Are you trying to tell me Mr Browders friends and family could not come up with $300? I am sorry there has to be more to this story !
I have a better idea! Don't break the LAW
You're incapable of non-partisan. The fact that you invoked Rand Paul, before yourself, is evidence of such
You are so dead wrong on this that it's disgusting. I can't believe Rand was suckered into this socialist nonsense.
I am just happy as hell something being done in bipartisan manner good for both of you...make this start both are good leader make it happen
Thank you BOTH for finding a legit important issue to make substantive bipartisan progress on.  Let us know how we can help!
She's the devil
I retweeted plus you have to get some money. You and franken. Next admistration.
Good luck with sessions as AG
#KAMALA2020
Just as healthcare, prisons should never be a for profit enterprise... the incentives are beyond perverse...
What if you legalized prostitution?
Yes deport illegal immigrants and Mexican drug cartels and gangs...there's half the battle..then tackle drug laws
Vote obma care out !!! Stand by Potus
I wish I could retweet this, but I don't think Republicans are capable of doing anything good anymore.  I wish I shared your optimism.
I would retweet if I trusted Rand Paul , which I don't.
As someone helpin someone go thru this, reform is incredibly needed. Literally judge and DA said "well the bail guidelines say xyz "
With Sessions as AG ? He's hell bent in put as many brown people in jail as possible!
Step one is to bring this criminal administration to justice.
Step 2  Swear in OUR LEGITIMATE 45TH POTUS and let Hillary get to work!  She'll get Russia out of our Government and the Whitehouse!
Suggest you look at 1965 ABA sentencing guidelines and the Kerner Commission report. Could save time.  Hire an old attorney 
Like prosecuting undercover reporters who exposed Planned Parenthood sales of fetus body parts? The kind of reform you did in Calif? No thx
Reform #repeal and replace welfare and u can do whatever you want on social programs just leave my 2 amnd alone
Let's make our communities great again.
This will only work coupled with mental healthcare reform and education on the fundamental importance of the foundation of marriage.
F-ck Rand Paul every which way.
Start by upholding laws on the books.  No sanctuary cities.
You are on FIRE and I'm here for it!
How about dealing with and abolishing  "Mandatory Minimums"?    Bail reform, what a joke.  But that's what I expect from a corporatist!
Really? Rand Paul doesn't want privatized prison?
@SenKamalaHarris was bought and paid for by George Soros. That is a fact! Everyone in CA knows this. Working w/ her shows Rands true colors
Are you gonna call in that former CA AG Harris and ask her why she so aggressively used asset forfeiture to steal for the State?
I had a dog his name was Bernie & he recently passed away from cancer. I think it's time we include universal healthcare 4 Americans & pets
Richard Pryor said they call it justice cause that's what you see there Just Us. You don't see rich men of any race in jail very often
I dont agree either just retweeting so people know truth is out their.
I'm guessing the research results are not a pure as indicated, but any return of power to the states is a good thing.
@SenKamalaHarris @RandPaul thank you! system is broke! It's not a tv show inside it's a nightmare that each day you may never return from
How about preventing prosecutors from colliding to introduce a false confession, like you did when you tried to protect a dirty prosecutor?
Remember when you backed dirty prosecutor who falsified a confession?
I believe it is time as well! Everyone should and needs to work together in order to create a more perfect union! 
do you continue to interrupt him when you talk to him?
Make it so representation is completely random. That way only the rich aren't the only ones who can afford a good lawyer.
Are there no small business owners in CA struggling under skyrocketing premiums?Maybe work together on helping law abiding Americans first?!
Right after you do something for all  law abiding Americans suffering b/c of OCare! Small business owners being crushed my insane premiums!
Reform: stop doing the crimes.
I can't retweet while the same Rand Paul is going to keep Trumpcare alive and the rest of us dead.  Maybe later
He won't vote yes on it he never votes yes on anything he is always a NO
I never thought I'd agree with @SenKamalaHarris
Glad to see bipartisanship at work ... good luck
Kamala ur party is crooked and I don't hear u calling them out so I guess ur crooked also
He does not seem to understand that DOJ MUST work independently of the White House. Sessions had no choice but to recuse.  None!
