fantastic. and maybe we can ban the $100M 'donation' to @IvankaTrump's foundation that does not exist. #EmolumentsClause #Complicit
It's frustrating cuz it's supposed 2 B a World Bank initiative 2 support businesswomen, but women aren't allowed 2 have bank accounts in SA
right? hypocrisy much? she should donate that $100M right back for women of SA and global oppression
Yeah & the World Bank & IMF are just as shady 
oh thank gawd! americans have no business being in the arms business! selling arms to home of bin ladin is beyond insult to american injury.
It's downright treasonous to me. They fucking did 9/11 now we protect them from getting sued, give them whatever they want
The dark brotherhood did 911: skull and bones, knights of Templar, and the heads of worlds central banks. :)
still maintain the arms sale to be indecent, amoral and illegal. as for 911 gotta give that to people with more time left than me. seriously
Which 'portion' is that? Did you forget Saudi Arabia also financed 9-11 and supports ISIS and Al Qaeda? Stop ALL of it.
Thank you.
Why didn't you introduce a resolution to stop Obama from arming Iran which added to the destabilization of the Middle East?
. Let's stop arms and helicopters and planes et al.
@ChrisMurphyCT @RandPaul Thank you for your vigilance!
No support of @RandPaul until you show @POTUS full support that we the people elected him to do! #fundthewall #travelban
Most of that deal was for defense Do you take issue with missle defense as well Why don't you actually get health care/ budget passed Do job
how about stopping the whole thing
Yemen Huthis had ISIS&AlQaeda whipped
B4Saudi Dictatorship&Jewish State came2Terrorists rescue
Huthis installed legit govt.
So we nuked them
I have sent many photos that show scintillation on CCD sensors of the cameras that took them PROVING they were nukes>@iaeaorg @IntlCrimCourt
Trumptanyahu sells Saudi Dictatorship more weapons
and gets his testes twisted over a chemhoax 
as Saudis pay Jewish state to use real WMDs
"Twisted Testes Trumptanyahu"
~159k hits (0.78 sec)
Google is really getting smart lately!
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Testicular_torsion …
http://nypost.com/2016/04/15/ruptured-testicle-leads-to-murder-charge/ …
Which portion is that? Silly me, but how it can be identified what Saudis going to use to continue the Yemen genocide?
The Entirety of the US Fed Gov is Illegitimate for the purposes of Free Citizen of Republic, I suspect You @ChrisMurphyCT @itzme2 @RandPaul
Maybe we stop selling arms around the world like that to destroy other countries maybe we'll have less terrorism and Ours 
This is great! Can you also support him & @SenatorLeahy #SB1127?!! #JusticeSafetyValveAct has bipartisan support. End mandatory minimums!
It's funny how since his Saudi visit there have been some very bad ISIS attacks! Very coincidental!
Thank you Senator!
The saudies do not share American values.  Stop the arms sale.
Yes
Better  to  tell  Saudi  to stop  there  aggression  in Yemen,they  will  listen,just  a call?
... Know that ~ 15+yrs, Alone, War Crimes Trials'll need having ~ @ChrisMurphyCT @itzme2 @RandPaul
How about impeaching Trump instead guys?  Do your job. Country first.
You GO Chris!!!!!!
Liberals are loving you two. Either support the President we elected or find another job. The end
block and ban the entire thing!
Rand it's jobs, jobs, jobs.
Amen.
Good. Now impeach this joke of a president and clean house.
@rezaaslan @RandPaul 
You've got my support 100%!
You two need to stand behind this president. Elections elections elections!!!
Your wrong again how about let's make solutions let people win not continue down the yellow brick road that leads nowhere, or your way, NOT
why just portion of it,why not all,they'll use portion of it slaughter innocent kids and women.
Good for you meanwhile a sitting potus used the NSA to spy on opponents and citizens,what r u doing about that???
Keep up the good work!
How does this compare to the bill @justinamash is cosponsoring? Do they compete or will they function together?
Care to be more specific... it's a weapons deal, what portion would you stop?
Thank you.
That is the way to go!!
Thank you. . Congress needs to block Drumpf @every turn the way the #GOPTRAITORS blocked Pres. Obama..
That's fantastic.  Next work with Rep Farenthold and investigate the murder of Seth Rich
so are you going to install security cameras on each weapon,this is a ridiculous statement,its impossible to monitor,
That should represent a major part of the deal, except for some large systems meant to annoy Iran
You can stop the entire action.
You celebrate CT military contracts on weapons of war but say nothing when
they are involved in killing innocent civilians in IRAQ, etc.
Which portion? Trump & Jarrod's kickback?
@SenDonnelly & @SenToddYoung: the least u can do is support this. Stop this arms sale! If not, u r both responsible 4 the deaths to come.
Just a portion? The entire thing needs to be stopped.
And how would you know what will be used for what ? Curious
"Portion"? Who will the Wahhabis kill with the rest?
Does anyone have a resolution drawn up for this?
Top Trump adviser Gary Cohn after  POTUS comments on Article 5 declined to say Russia sanctions stay in place: POTUS "is looking at it." 
Funny how you ppl never stepped in and opposed Obama from giving all that $$ to Iran in the middle of the night!. Funny how u didn't w/ ACA
Big fucking deal!When y'all finish playing sticky fingers with each other,you're ready to do the bidding of America?And not d Russians? Hola
Why don't you just enforce article one section 8&10 that prevents military industrial debt oligarchy in USA?
I know I'm being simplistic here, but how exactly does one ration out RPGs for that?
DT promised them he'd get them a good deal. from our defense contractors! Why????
Newsflash: Yemen is a harbor of terrorism. Good move.
Be careful @ChrisMurphyCT. You must be a snake handler to work with @RandPaul. He's still IMPOTUS' buddy.
We must here more details..
Thank you.  The Saudi should not get special deals especially after 9/11.
We the People still have power to influence. Call DC & demand 9/11 style Independent Commison! Demand health care for all! 
#202-224-3121
Good Luck with that........
Great news!
Thank God.
Just a portion?
Why not all of it?
Props.
Stop all of it! We should not be selling arms to the Saudi's
Outstanding.  Good to hear.
@SheilaGMills @RandPaul thank you!!!
Please stop it.
Thank you for that!
Welcome to RINO RepublicLand. Where nothing gets done without permission from their Democrat shadow friends. Embarrassment to Capitalists
How in the name of God can we even consider giving money to a Sharia Law monarchy. They just executed a teenager for protesting against them
NRA is not going to like that Buck A Roo!
Wow, how brave. They might use the weapons on Iran too, that ain't so bad.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you!!!!
Where were you creeps when Obama made his deal with Iran? If these swap snakes are what we have I will never vote for the GOP again!
Thank you!!
Thank you @ChrisMurphyCT
President Trump gets better support from foreign leaders than you lame wimpy republicans. Try acting like leaders not obstructionist.
Why did you not stop the iran deal?
NICE!!!!!! #realnews
Why?
The home of Wahabism, the leading ideology of terror groups should receive $0.00 in US arms sells.
Our Planes, Our Bombs, Our Complicity. 
#Yemen
And what of the rest of the arms being sold to a tyrannical and oppressive government?
Where's the other portions going 
THANK YOU!!
Thank you!
It is true that politics makes strange bed fellows - but this makes a lot of sense. We'll done, Chris.
Rand goes from Obama conspiracies to something actually meaningful? I can't keep up.
To be fair, Dems have been pushing conspiracies (see: Russia) since the election.  And it is known that Obama's admin was spying on citizens
Conspiracy theories aren't based upon IP records & lying about Obama is hilarious.
Wouldn't the Saudis just use the OTHER part of the order for their war?
Thank God. Now can you please explain to Trump what Art 5 is and why NATO is so important?
Good
Bravo!!!!!!! Thank you!!!
Thank you both. It's courageous to do so. The more arms sell, the more wars in the middle east and more terror attack in EU and US.
Love it! Thank you for taking the initiative. Even if it never comes to a vote you are doing the right thing.
thank you
hopefully includes cluster bombs
@OurVoiceUSA @RandPaul and that's how gov't works
This must be a mistake, Democrats and Republicans don't agree on anything!
Thank you, Chris. Also, was the $100M given to Ivanka part of the deal???
Good!
And no sales commission for Jared Kushner!
Thank you
Did you put a resolution to stop the Iran agreement?
REJECT SAUDI ARMS DEAL.....IT'S YOUR FUNERAL!!!!
I love bipartisanship. More, please!
Bravo.
Thank you!
@YellowFaceKid4L
Stop the entire sale
Thank you, Sir!
Well done, thank you both!
You're to be commended for this.
America should spread peace and democracy; not war and oligarchy. Thank you for standing up for America.
Sorry but where was this when Obama and Clinton were doing it?
This is the bi partisan leadership we need if we ever hope to heal the country and the world. Thank you.
Pay attention at home. Taxes and the healthcare disaster!
How could Trump have been allowed to make a deal like this without approval? What about visa for the Chinese, visa vi Jared?
Excellent.  Thank you Senator Murphy and Paul.
I you block that bill, Americans will have to fight it, let the Saudis fight there own war so we don't have tooo,,,morons
It's not that at all they don't need no more weapons they are all terrorists that's what he stands for no Armin Terrorist
Lol so why we in this mess theyre like a sworm of ants theyre not killing each other like that just everyone else have been 4 decades
#StandWithRand
Outstanding!
About that...why don't you include anyone in the admin that's stands to benefit.
Didn't Republicans cry about Hilary selling guns to the Saudis?
Thank you
Rand Paul should switch to Dem, bad for GOP
-- HOW ABOUT ALL OF IT???

Thanks. This needs to be examined.
Good job Senators Murphy and Paul !
Thank you.
Amen... no arms to fund a terror state... NO NO NO
Whose team are you on? I thought I liked you.
thank you! it doesn't create the jobs! https://t.co/czoCgfo11r?amp=1
Please stop trump from selling arms to despotic nations-or at all. He's selling out USA, & the vulnerable for love of self & money
Hope this deal will not enable another terrorist organization. Have we already forgotten that Bin Laden was trained by Americans?
THANK YOU
Thank you
Why?
Thank God for @RandPaul 
How about we stop the arms deal entirely? Arming terrorists has become standard American Policy. ENOUGH ALREADY.
Thank you sir, but why not stopping all the arms sales to #Saudi government which is the sole supporter of ISIS & other terrorists groups?!
How about passing healthcare. You're supposed to be an esteemed political body,but tou cant get 50 votes. Just do your job.
Excellent!! Rescind the whole deal.
Hey Chris, how come u didn't stop the $1.7B that went to that horrible #IranDeal that helps with nukes and supports the war in #Syria?
Just a portion!?! Sooner or later the same weapons will be used on us. Walls, weapons instead of diplomacy. GOP has lost all humanity

Yemen could fall into the hands of Iran.  Do you prefer that?
NO!! We need Saudi's and other MEast nations involvedNdestruction of ISIS. Manchester Aprelude 2 what can happen N USA @SenateGOP @HouseGOP
No more Democrats Party. All Hipocrit despicable
How about all of it.
Did you stand up and write a bill against obama giving money to Iran? I bet not #hypocracy
Just plain stupid ... u think people will track arms and see where they are used??? Either sell them or don't ... stop this in between shit.
More do nothing for the senate to not do
Get @RepBarbaraLee involved
Anything to embarrass Trump, right Chris?  You had no problem with Obama's cash drop to Iran though. Do you think that cash funded terror?
I am against this, we let O arm Iran, so what are you against exactly
Of course you are but I will remember when it comes time for your reelection
but Lockheed / Raytheon / etc etc
and all the Mil|Ind|Congressional|complex?
thank you
The profiteers of the world's military complex are not going to like this.
Thank you.
Rand Paul will bail on you as soon as trump is back in town.
Nice! Bipartisan too! Even better!
Still trying to find out .... what the hell did Yemen do, anyway? Seems they are just another victim of AQ.
Thank you. The right thing to do.
Thank you! Cannot fathom why that dimwitted douchebag in the oval office wants to reward the 9/11 perpetrators with an arms deal.
Thank you...will you be able to get it passed???
@Castantine @RandPaul Rand Paul was golfing with Donald Trump on April 2nd. QUACK QUACK QUACK.
