You can't cut taxes for all because approx 40% pay no federal income tax at all !!!
Always remember the enemy of good is the requirement of perfection. Their are no perfect solutions, pass reform now and modify as needed.
Is anyone mindful of the $20 trillion debt this country faces? Taxes going down seems like no one cares about the debt.
Need to cut spending and cut taxes -the fed government does spend our $ wisely or efficiently
Senator Paul's critique shows that the Senate can't do even the simplest of tasks. Forget the "revenue neutral" mantra; just cut the rates!
@RandPaul Would you like to make comments on how our children and grandchildren will pay the national debt assumed by this ridiculous suggestion. And, oh yeah, pls don’t try to tell me by “voodoo economics”.
Simple, cut govt to its Constitutional size and along with tax cuts, eliminate loopholes that wealthy exploit
In fact, during Bush administration not only was spending not curtailed, two unfunded wars were started. We borrowed the money to pay.
A. @RandPaul is not Reagan or Bush 
B. @COSProject for balanced budget and term limit amendments neded
C. Govt=corrupt= we are screwed
You make my point!
No, you attacked one of the few who actively tries to do what is needed, I validated your general point, but you had the target wrong
My point is that we live in the “real” world. Not one of pretend what will happen. Pretending has only horrendously increased our national debt. By the way, good discussion.
I enjoy discussing/debating when the other person is intelligent enough to actually converse and not just make a statement and call names!
Nice campaign rhetoric but not realistic. Gvmt provides necessary services that need to be funded. Can't privatize everything.
Under communism we would give all our earnings to the communal pot and get what we need for free.
Not true, and bigger ones for the rich.
Get on board with the tax reform!!! We need it!
Yes I agree, cut taxes from top to bottom! Put more in our pockets and open up jobs, benefits to the people
Flat 15?
He didn't say that. But he won't let the middle class pay more for an empty revenue neutral promise, as the bill stands now
I'm saying that.
15 works for me.
Breitbart?... really
Interesting that you are bashing this. I don't believe you read the bill.. #middleclass I am up over 18% to 25%. That's 1/4 of my wages.
Right..liar!
Vote out Paul
Best Senator in USA. True politician that represents me!!
how about actually doing it or do something & quit grandstanding for cameras!!all talk no action in this senate!!!! plain and simple
Hey, Rand, why did the Obamacare repeal fail? Surely you didn't vote against it. Counting the days until I can vote against you and Mitch
Wish you were my Senator, but in SC, well...it is what it is. Thanks for all your hard work on HC and Tax reform. All Americans benefit!
Yes! Abolish the 16th amendment political scam from congress!!!
Yes sounds better than just the rich.
Raising Taxes on the Poorest is Inexcusable..2% increase will put people into Failure.  #FlipOnTrump #Impeach
Repeal 16th: when you tax an individua,l then imprison; SLAVERY: US Constitution, no Direct taxes; DC spending problem.
Proof of the #Collaboration between Kremlin => Sputnik => Breitbard => @GOP, @SenateGOP, & @HouseGOP! TRAITORS, ALL!
Huge debt & deficit, so how about we start by cutting spending and putting Hillary in prison? #LockHerUp
Probably we don't agree on much, but one thing: maybe?  While DJ Trump and family hiding tax returns, snowball chance in hell of tax reform.
Estate tax must be raised! Inherited wealth is the biggest welfare check one can get. It destroys work ethic, and consolidates power.
listen Randy, we got Socialism for the rich and poor and Capitalism for the middle-class in the future it wont be an issue cause there...
...wont be a middle class #soctfo
Not the same scenario as ACA repeal? R's go for reconciliation, don't negotiate, relying on 50 and you and Corker don't give it to them?
As a working class American, when I hear a Republican speak of "Tax reform" I get the sensation of a mugger following me on a dark street.
@ThisIsWhyTrump @BreitbartNews except California
Why do "republicans" support Marxist philosophy?
Will you lend your support of HCR81 Khanna’s introducing in the House to end the AUMF?
It doesn't matter what tax plan comes up, you won't like. You're a democrat
T-AXES 7 TRILLION A YEAR FOR EUROPEAN BANSTERS, COLLECTORS AGENCIES: IRS, AND FED'S. WE DO NOTHING, THE LAND OF WHO?
I you Bailed On Repealing Obama Care Because Your State Would Lose Money. Coward. Hypocrite. Too bad you won't read this Coward shame on you
Agreed!
But everyone should pay something. Otherwise they have no skin in the game & don't care about raising them
Breitbart is garbage! Ayn Rand would philosophically obliterate it. Good luck with taxes Rand.
@cadelgado7
big military spending this year...maybe next year.
Abolish the IRS!
Senate Majority Leader Rand Paul has such a nice ring to it
Yes it does heard that a while back what an excellent idea. Wonder if he would accept ...
Well he's #maga on repeal and free mkt, #maga on tax reform. The only thing I disagree with him on is his unwillingness to #buildthewall
Who said he wont build the Wall he's not said nothin about that or not tried stoppin Trump. He is 4 legal immigrants confuses him maybe lol.
I guess you're right, he is for the Wall, but he calls it a 'Fence'.
Yeah it looks like a fence flimsy GARBAGE  lol...
Does this include seniors on social security —
Hint: Cut Federal spending on services outside the Constitutional intent of the Federal Government.
Thank you Senator Paul for pushing the meter in the smart direction-we are all in this together.
Good for you - I think.  Few Republicans will be re-elected if the middle class doesn't get a major tax cut.  Remember these words!
Cut services to the needy!
Thank you for your efforts in repealing #FATCA
And shrink govt enough that even with massive tax cuts for all, we still run a budget surplus!
Show me one single LAW STATING WE HAVE TO PAY TAXES  ON OUR LABOR.  10,000 dollar reward!
Since he realizes taxes are the biggest hoax ever!   Americans conned into believing we really owe them!!!!

Typical GOP hypocrites. Tell the religious right anything, engage in extramarital sex & push women into abortions https://www.washingtonpost.com/powerpost/rep-tim-murphy-resigns-from-congress-after-allegedly-asking-woman-to-have-abortion/2017/10/05/7a68a414-aa08-11e7-850e-2bdd1236be5d_story.htmlhttps://www.washingtonpost.com/powerpost/rep-tim-murphy-resigns-from-congress-after-allegedly-asking-woman-to-have-abortion/2017/10/05/7a68a414-aa08-11e7-850e-2bdd1236be5d_story.html …
Let the world know this. BIYA is Bribing UN and others to protect himself and limit the UN from standing with SC.
Genocide in the Southern Cameroons. Please the international community should be aware.
Tax religious organizations that do not provide a public service & tax rich pastors. Help the poor, elderly, & children. Not the super rich!
Why don’t you focus on cutting taxes for the middle & working classes under $100,000 & a tax increase for those making over $500,000. Help!
what happened to balanced budgets
Find a way to get something done.
The reason you will never get it done: you're too nice.
Stop letting government vilify classes! Class warfare must end! The real enemy and problem for everyone is Government! Start cutting Gov!
Yes!!!!!
To bad your a disapointment to the RNC

Retweet! AWAN PAKASTANI SPY RING IN CONGRESS IN COURT TOMORROW FRIDAY 10/6/17!!!
https://twitter.com/GeorgWebb/status/916080780782329858 …
You saved Obamacare. Who cares what you think.
Agree, no tax hikes on middle class.  Personal exemption should stay.
How about cutting the payroll tax?  Then cut government spending to make it up. Biggest bang for the buck!
The tax cut should be for the middle class!
Food for though Senator as I was taught in my 20 year of service. LEAD OR GET THE HELL OUT OF THE WAY!! GET SOMETHING DONE SENATOR
Amen.
@HouseGOP ALL the RINOs will be sent home in 2018 if they don't follow through with tax cuts for the working class...
Lowest rate increases 2%
Mid class stays same at 25%
Cap gains on small investors/seniors increases 6%
But you will save money.
You sing almost as well as @SenateMajLdr about giving Mr. rich guy #POTUS a tax break, whom apparently pays no taxes now.
Fantastic-as a CPA with her own tax practice, I've determined that my tax will go up. I'll never believe the postcard return for most people
Only 2 options
return free filling or ABOLISH THE DAMN INCOME TAX AND IRS!!!!!!!
yes
Before I reply I'm tired of being the crutch for the lower income people.  I've been taxed in every way that I have planned for, in order to save enough to retire on. And when I get close the government want to raise my taxes for retirement, tax my savings, and now raise my taxes
Absolutely.....tax cut for all...middle class carry the load on everything and we're tire of it

You make these general proclamations then never do anything!!  No plans. Nothing. You're as bad as McCain. Go wear a resist tshirt
Not willing to give up my health ins ded ($26,400/yr) nor my state & local tax deduction ($18-20K) to hand out cruise money to EIC idiots.
You will never do it always an excuse
Agreed
And thus raise the #deficit.
I agree with my State Senator,  tax cuts for all,  no tax hikes for a select group to shoulder the burden once again. I stand with Rand !
I know you're a politician, but "compromise" is really a bad word/concept. It means nobody really gets what they want.
why do the pussy gops always have to compromise w/the terrorist left even when gop is in power left is in power. loved u-u can go now too
Do something profound for the country, push for TERM LIMITS
These are the kind of tax cuts the American people are looking 4. These representatives need 2 start doing what's right for American people.
We should all be treated as equals, all American citizens. Deserve same percentage pay cuts across the board. Why is it so difficult to do?
Otherwise those that paid 10% need to go to 5% ,those that paid 20% need to go to 15% ,those that paid 30% need to go to 25%.
Equal cuts all
10% bracket will pay zero. Then it should be across the board. Those that paid 20% need to go to 10% , Those that paid 30% need to go to 20%
Without changing business interest deductions.
Sure Rand. You hate Trump so no to everything.  Do something for Americans. You will be voted out.
Where's the wall??
Here we go again always supportive but never doing the deal ... sick of him
@MarkDavis @AnnCoulter  Cut taxes for all, but all wage earners should pay something, no matter how small, to have a vested interest in USA.
The poor*
yes. And cut govt spending. Does anyone in DC know the % of $$ wasted by federal govt to deliver any program?
Can't wait for @RandPaul to be up for reelection. Even if a his opponent is literally just a horse wearing a hat.
How about we cut spending and remove loopholes? #TaxReform #TaxFairness
But... but then how will we spend more on our military then the top eight countries right below us combined?
#StandWithRand
Without increasing the debt
If YOU stop tax reform like health care I put you along side of MCCAIN as simply a resist Trump snowflake.
Uh huh, and cutting our ability to deduct state and property taxes. Pretty fucked up!
Best democracy money can buy GOP whores of the corporates and rich. Bark for your masters puddle lap dog
Eliminate all income taxes. Pass the FairTax bill.
and don't forget to cut the size of govt too
I may not agree with ur stand on many policies but much respect for stading up 4 what you believe n 4 ur constituents unlike other sellouts
The rich made their money off the pipe so they need to pay more it's that simple
The poor*
Tax cuts for all under 250k
Why? Corps and wealthy Americans are sitting on more cash than ever. What difference would more make?
All Paul does is bitch about other people's work and input. What has he accomplished. Resign and go home.
EASIEST AND SIMPLEST  WAY TO FIX TAXES AND HEALTHCARE
EVERYONE SHOULD BE  GIVEN THE *FULL* HEALTH INSURANCE INCOME TAX DEDUCTION AS LINE ITEM ON THEIR IRS TAX RETURNS!
yes. pls set aside ur ego, compromise, n work for the people, for tax reform, growth, jobs, n prosperity for all americans. pls. the dems have no message but resist n obstruct to hurt trump, but they r actually hurting us, we the people.
Democrats want to pick who gets tax cuts & who don't. Anti-American.  All should be equal under the law! Just bc some have more is no excuse
Senator please Do NOT be the obstructionist yet again. Move the agenda for tax reform forward. There will NEVER be a Perfect Bill. VOTE YES
Let’s do it, RP
Stop wasteful spending. Balance the budget before you have to do crisis legislation. You sir are a big part of the problem.
That's all good but we all know your senate colleagues McCain, Flake and Collins will likely derail this too
#FlatTax #FairTax #AbolishTheIRS #IndictLoisLerner #IndictKoskinen
Pass the budget!!!
no loopholes.
You are exactly what the founding fathers ordered. Keep up the cry for breaking the shackles.
The harder part is to cut spending. Let's see some energy put into that
If middle class doesn't get a tax break, I am done with you all. Time for movement to vote all of you out. You have taken enough from us.
For all Americans- don't pick and choose!
The #FairTax would solve the problem of tax evasion How will GOP tax reform proposal stop tax evasion?
So how WILL Gang of 6 #TaxReform plan stop evasion? Ramp up #IRS? http://bit.ly/2rAVhKJ  
@realDonaldTrump 
@mike_pence 
…
But are you going to cut spending?
That would be great but first ALL republicans need to start supporting our president & his agenda.We when together,not with separate agendas
#FlatTax
Stop talking to Brietbart. It's not a good look.
Yay!!!!!
Except for the top 1%. Don't cut their taxes.
It appears President Reagan had the most progressive of all the tax plans. http://www.ctj.org/pdf/regcg.pdf  unless you think Buffet is not rich!?!
How do you cut taxes for the 49% that don't pay taxes?
Why not abolish the irs it’s theft
Not for the very rich. The can spare it. The should be proud to contributing for the better of the country.
Tax cuts for all means:
A) smaller tax cuts for middle class

Or

B) a massive deficit increase. 

Which you want.
Yes! Merge all small towns under a certain population eliminating the need for there own mini government. We do not need a mayor in every 1
Ya that 1% needs a break man. I don't know how they hold it together. Poor Bezos, Gates, Zucherberg, Buffet...get your boot off their neck.
Stop being a scorekeeper. Get in the game and deliver results.
In that picture it looks like a hand is trying to grab your tie.  Looks unsafe.  You should up your security staff sir.
Good 'ol fiscally responsible conservatives... oh wait
We, The People, WILL NOT put up with gun confiscation or ANY MORE LAWS INFRINGING OUR SECOND AMENDMENT!!!  <drawing line in the sand>
Sir, I'm hearing more Republican Rhinos are seriously contemplating gun control behind closed doors. Catalonia is a prime example of Fascism
Then come up with legislation that changes the tax codes Senator Paul!! You are all talk and no action.
.@RandPaul will ruin tax cuts for middle class. He doesn't understand that victory comes from many small battles.
Cut Taxes For All! http://bit.ly/2fTn4m0 
Massive National Debt Already! Remember when you guys claimed to be worried about that? Lol.
Paying the national debt is unreachable. A 100% tax rate for every American and it would take atleast 4 years to pay.
Breitbart? Lmao really?
#StopScrewingTheMiddleClass
Agreed.... except for the ~40% who already pay NO fed income tax. Increase their tax by at least 5% so they share the burden.
There u go.
How about everyone gets 2claim int. on their house and Credit at tax time like we used to? That w/help seniors too! We sure need it! MAGA 
U cut that illegal  #Obamacare TAX! YESTERDAY  u Criminals!  ITS  FRAUD!
How about a straight tax, everyone pays same percentage. If you make under certain amount, no federal tax
Yo did you really just share a Breitbart article?
but must be coupled with spending cuts, right?  That just makes it twice the issue and twice the chance nothing will get done again.
Please, do not normalize Breitbart. BTW, Ayn Rand collected Social Security.
Love Ayn Rand. I think she's deeply misunderstood
You are posting an article from breitbart? For shame, senator. For shame.
If we don’t pay taxes, a bunch of useless people will go get busy with real jobs and the rest will come up with a fair tax plan
That’s what I thought, 1% reduction for individuals is not a tax cut. Personally I think we should all not pay taxes next year.
And implement a flat tax system where everyone pays same % of income.
Exactly. No deductions, no $5000 returns for someone who doesn't work either.
Continue to fight for us!
Yesssss
@realDonaldTrump stop the class warfare.  Reagan didn't cower
Just cut the rates & leave personal exemptions & all deds alone. Cut rate most for middle income & barely cut if at all for highest earners
Yes.  But can we FINALLY get something done?!?!?   Get reform through.
Increasing child credit does nothing for the childless who are getting tax hike under current proposal. EVERYONE shld get tax cut
GOP will be the minority after elections because of this, don't say nobody warned you.
Removing ai
Our inductions, will not be a tax cut !!
Or make sure you get your under the table deal done
Plz prove evidence of this ever happening with #IStandWithRand
Healthcare
Yeah, OK. Increase taxes to get rid of deficit instead of increasing it by $2.4 TRILLION. #SCREWTHEPEOPLE
Cut taxes for the middle class and not for the super rich
Why?  Why should we get to keep a larger percentage of our money....but not the "super rich"
Upper 1% should pay more.
Lol
Just do a consumption tax. Our tax system is stupid.
Liar, liar, pants on fire!!!
Compromise!!!: RP ,where were u when Welfare hellcare could be replaced 50 State option?
You sir do a wonderful job explaining the ins and outs of policy. Thank you for your work! Thank you for your wisdom!
#Clueless
#FairTax
If you follow me, and are for Fairtax, you are likely a troll 

I've exposed their crap for years http://fairtaxgoofy.blogspot.com/ 
OR, I am more likely not all up in your stuff, AND not required to agree with every single thing you espouse. 
However, constructively (as I am a mature and fair minded person), I am happy to reconsider my position if you'd like to educate me. 
I can not educate you,  I simply read the fine print,  like Bush Tax Panel did.
Sounded great BECAUSE it's a fraud. https://fairtaxgoofy.blogspot.com/ 
You did- you shared info for me to explore, thank you. I did not know, though I guess I should have, that someone/s had perverted the idea.
the idea was TO FOOL PEOPLE and raise money.  That was the idea all along.
How will you "make up" the money? If we have extra money, give it to Puerto Rico, or give us a rebate. But DON'T cut taxes = bigger deficit.
