And USA is supposed to be the beacon of #freedom & #democracy for the rest of the world to emulate?
#privacy #Surveillance #NSA
Think U will enjoy this 20+ page report by Russian think tank http://katehon.com/content/american-ideology-and-us-claims-global-domination … AMERICAN IDEOLOGY AND US’ CLAIMS FOR GLOBAL DOMINATION
Thanks. Decades of US military intervention in foreign states have disrupted lives, ruined economies & destabilized govts. #Refugees
Exactly. I looked through your tweets - you seem to be a very woke person.
Thanks. So are you, I reckon. 
World is a complicated place. #MSM cannot be trusted.
Takes work to dig for truth. Support #Alternative media
Thanks, and agree with you. Yeah, I stopped getting info from outlets like BBC, CNN, Fox etc. Even Reuters lies…
Then they should not be allowed back. Better to err on the side of caution then let someone to do us harm.. I still take my shoes off do you
Do you travel abroad? I'm an American citizen working in London. The idea border control could lawfully rifle through my phone IS obscene.
Only if you went to a terriiorist country in your travel....replying to green card holders who left and are now returning.
You can't treat US citizens differently based on where they travel. If you have reasonable cause they've been radicalized, get a warrant.
Or you permit extralegal searches as Supreme Court has already ruled searching cell phones is an invasion of privacy.
Why such an order would almost certainly eventually be deemed unconstitutional. You don't get to pick & choose who has 4th amendment rights.
I do travel not as much as you. I believe only Americans are entitled to our rights the rest need to follow our laws & be protected by them
I agree. Let's just not throw the baby out with the bath water because of at most a few dozen evil doers--that's how they win.
I don't if they are coming back from a middle east country!! Hell I got searched while in uniform coming home from a combat zone!
yea i still believe in unreasonable search and seizure.  I hate what terrorists has made this country into
What this government has made this country into... To b clear.
that's a whole other mess

Do you not know how many green card holders bring in illegal persons into our country? SMH
As former 2 tour marine...it is atrocious!  What does one have to do to prove yourself...
Oh noes! The Government is going to find my @Shadbase porn stash! Woe is me!
how is searching a phone a big deal? Hiding something?
Why don't u all do your job. I worked I don't want my life saving to go to medical bill. The poor r not the only ones in the US
90s early 2000s the demise of our Representative Democracy as envisioned by Founders commenced collapsing
I don't believe phones fall under 4th Amendment protection
They absolutely do
#StandWithRand
I think it's obscene that you are an American who claims they're a Patriot and vote NO to sanctions. One of 2 TRAITOR, TRAITOR, TRAITOR
a slippery slope
Then proper ID should be required
I really wish we could get back to basic civics instruction in our schools when it fell out of the curriculum in late
I Hope there was an intelligent argument after..Cause The only one that needs to fear authorities is the one breaking the law..
Wow, thats an uninformed statement. I live in southern AZ and am harrassed by @CustomsBorder REGULARLY while riding the mountain bike trails
How about getting back to healthcare and doing what we put you there to do?!
You do realize that there is nothing that can be done with healthcare that won't hurt some group. Which group would you like to harm?
If you having nothing to hide, what's the problem?! Look at mine all u want!
Your POV is very, very short sided. If they have control of your phone they could easily add damning content. What's your defense then?
Senate stay on task HealthCareBill! Stay on task HealthCareBill! Senate stay on task HealthCareBill! Senate stay on task HealthCareBill!
@RandPaul you need to get on board for the American people.
4th Amendment. Illegal search and seizure.  But abrogation of fundamental rights is ok at the border for some reason
While I have nothing incriminating on my phone, I'd rather have TSA not see my convos with my boyfriend. Is that too much to ask as an F1?
Getting through U.S. customs and the visa process is traumatizing enough without TSA doing yet another privacy invasion. Good grief.
But ok to email Russians during a campaign!
You are supporting a President who is trying to erode our rights at an alarming rate!!!!!
Not if it means keeping us safe. There's limit to that as well.
These people are nuts. Nice to know they'll give up privacy for security.
Me too. Unfortunately, because of all you "lawmakers" our country is now unsafe and overrun with Muslim terrorists. So thanks for that
You can learn a lot from a phone. We need to protect our country. Not that big of a hassle.
pack your cell phone in check in
We can thank GWB, BHO, DEMS, and RINOs who enabled this unconstitutional loss of rights.
They why haven't you done something about it?

I agreed... restore Freedom
Sen. Paul what do you have to hide?  If you are scared to turn on your phone or use it then is it going to explode or something?
I think nothing is obscene for US safety!!!!!!!!!!
Ya... and no ove does anything! Tell me this: what's going on with Health Insurance? 8yrs & nobody knows what's in the bill? Really?...
This is ridiculous!!
You can't even prosecute your own ppl Hillary until than go Away my business my 
Here, here.
Whoa dude, that's your quota of rational statements for the week. Better make up for that with 4-5 nonsense statements of support for Trump
Then don't take your phone with you when you go out of this country !!!
if you have nothing to hide. Turn it over let them look then when they find nothing get on with your life. Check mine all day long. #maga
Green card holders are implemented by fed gov and nothing is done right
Citizens no green card holders yes
Why? It seems the citizen, grn holder after visit to banned cntrys are most likely mean us harm.
No different than the obama admin using 702 to spy on people for political gain! #MAGA
I agree but lets pick our battles Paul. Healthcare debacle 1st. Get yourself & your colleagues on board with as much of a repeal as possible
citizen I get, but why does it extend to green card holder? What is it about them that elevates them into such protections?
The lawful PERMANENT resident part of LPR maybe? "Greencard" just casual term for LPR
when thinking of laws specific about crime against the Govt, there is diff between citz & LPR. Allegiance being 1 diff LPR doesn't require
so a LPR cant b tried 4 Treason 4 example, Considering goal of searches, shouldnt the protection only apply 2 the Citz?
maybe only a partial protection 4 LPR, crime against State not protected but crime like porn not admissible if found.
I don't mind having my phone searched. Don't have anything to hide, & do want terrorists and lawbreakers to be caught, for safe travels!
What are you doing to uphold the 4'th amendment to the US Constitution? Talk is not action.
We live in dangerous times. As a general theory, I agree w you. But right now we are in an undeclared war w people who want to destroy us.
I think Congress should pass laws about what is screened and when. Not federal agencies.
That's how the Founders designed it
These moments are when you're at your best.  Stick to this fight, and sentencing reform!  Don't repeal ACA without replacement plan!
Whatever it takes - nothing more obscene than being murdered by terrorists. Get tough Mr Paul!
TSA airport searches, roving immigration checkpoints and many other practices are an affront to all citizens!
I think its obscene that only after they have killed people do we then see their hate  America rhetoric.

Agreed.
No. Violation of privacy. We need to have an open society, not thought police.
I can agree with that.
Only if you are a citizen or a verified green card holder!
Sooo -is it your belief that a citizen &/or green holder would never leave this country, be radicalized & come back to do us harm?  Really?
Then do something about it, there is no reason that CBP agents should be allowed to ignore our Constitution.
Once again we agree with Senator Paul.
If you cannot get what you promised done, HC, hard to listen to anything else the Senate may propose, what majority ?
I find it obscene for a president to call 15k honorably serving Americans a danger to the nation
its also dumb. Bad guys will remove memory cards ahead of reentry . We should be profiling instead
Why? We know that people here are being radicalized, visit other countries,, train, come back to attack us.  That's the facts.
Best to always travel with a throw away prePay phone to protect your privacy from the U.S. Govt.
That's never happened to me! New rule? What if it's a work phone with sensitive data?
Obscene for citizen is obscene for others too. But typical conservative - only a problem when it affects me.
Especially ifnits a Blackberry, right @DWStweets ?
So I can't leave or I will get into a fist fight with the TSA or immigration officer upon my return?
For a US citizen but not anybody that's of foreign origin. We the people are not immigrants in our own country.
What's obscene is when a TSA agent sticks his hand down your pants and grabs your privates like what happened to me.
I know, the TSA is such a tease.
Obscene?  I think it'd depend on what they're looking for.
the US govt has no legal right to deny a citizen re-entry, so US citizens don't have to have our phones searched to enter the country
Governor of North Carolina #Cooper: I demand #Holder #Podesta OUT from North Carolina. #Tatiana
