Fix it.  The only reason you want repeal is politics.  You are playing with all Americans lives because of partisanship.
seems like fighting so hard to keep a failure could only be political!
I personally don't think it is a failure.  It has worked well for many, including my family. It needs fixing
point is why should anyone care if it's repealed vs fixed as long as result is better?
Because repeal just won't work.  They have no viable plan to keep coverage for pre-existing conditions.
you don't know what the plan options are yet.  People survived before aca existed....
before ACA my premiums were up 150% and increasing 10% per year. We had been denied because of minor surgery.
sounds like you're in the less than 1% of the population that were actually helped by aca!  Congrats!
And replace it with the #affordablecareact ? #Obamacare
the new one will be called the "obuma didn't care act" #ADCA
@SpeakerRyan @SecPriceMD Yes. Respectfully, please COMPLETELY REPEAL, EXTINGUISH, & replace Obamacare ASAP FOR THE PEOPLE
what we need is a well thought out plan that benefits all Americans not just "give me crowd " and Congress ought to have
to be on there with the rest of us. A market based plan that crosses state lines would be a good start
Yes! As with any cancer patient with a tumor, you don't help cure the patient by performing a "partial removal".
- after repeal they won't have to worry about removal at all, insurance companies will just drop them
Insurance companies have already dropped them. That's why there's only one left.
in Texas there's several companies I know personally. I just say be smart bout it
it impacts many people..
What impacts people even more are good jobs and *affordable* health insurance.
had great ins, until ACA raised MY PREMIUM so that I have to pay for 20 kids in Compton who's mom can't put the dick down
.@FoxNews @courtchauncey @RandPaul then you must have a complete replacement when you initiate the repeal ...
absolutely
I support Senator Paul Health Care
Phonie, pansy, #doogiebiscuit
why not pass 2 separate laws? 1 says preexisting cond cannot be booted off ins. 1 law says 26 y/o stay on rents ins.
How's your federal health coverage doing for you and your family? Why do Republicans hate poor people so much?
Better yet, let's repeal Congress's health care plan - you seem to like having your family covered, why not everyone?
Agree Repeal and let the markets take care of the rest.
Please get on with it!  Pick something and replace it.  Tweek it later if you need to!
Complete repeal and replace!!!
Yes! Dump it! It's been horrendous!
My thoughts as well Rand, trash the whole package!!!
Republicans stand for Action. Everything else from left wing loons and most Dems is a Smoke Screen.
use the medicare system for everyone.  The system is already in place.  Let us pay our premium into medicare.
Agreed! 100% immediate Repeal. Cert. of credible coverage for current enrolled, lift interstate restrictions and free mkt
Take your time!! Because this time we need it done right.!
Yes, and thanks for working on it!
then pass law with all the guts with new insurance law. It'd not health care, it's insurance. Also, Taxes must stay.
@realDonaldTrump Mr. President it's good to know you have another Statesman supporting you.
Very disappointing that it takes this long and ppl are still debating if shld be repealed or repaired this #Obamacrap
It's NOT OBAMACARE, it's the TREASON. Investigate, or prove yourself CORRUPT. America is watching.
Can you even formulate a proper sentence?
Definitely our @potus stands 4 Action. Voters will be watching 2 see how Congress stands behind him. #CongressDoYourJob
u people r going to leave the poor with no way to get medical help just because u have what your family need. Selfish.
So let's get the show on the road and get this done! Politicians all mouth and no actions! Work for us!
You need to replace it at the same time or you will have hundreds of thousands of people uninsured.   Not good.
Obama should be investigated, indicted & prosecuted for TREASON
with no option or a plan to replace it
you had a republican congress and a republican senate, why is that
Despicable @RandPaul should be voted out of office and put back under the rock he belongs under. #Horriblehumanbeing
OK. I suggest Rand Paul give up his own excellent gov't insurance, and go without until the GOP passes its own plan.
Senator Paul has a plan. He's willing to endorse that plan. He's a doctor of Medicine with insight.#MAGA
insurance companies must be backing u.
the copious quantity of hair product you're using is leaking into your brain. Begone sir
so can the many that I know that use aca sue you and the rest of congress if it's repealed and medical help is needed?
You stalled 75 federal judge & 1 SCOTUS nomination. YOU did NOTHING last year.  That's on you & the GOP.
Says Federal Govt is broke but always money around to build a wall or 4 #trump to take a vacation!
THANK YOU!! I know SO MANY ppl who can't afford the OUTRAGEOUS price of ocare. Must be repealed!
what is your plan Dr?
how much are insurance companies paying you?
SHOW us your Randcare, Trumpcare, WE DONT CARE! It's because you had 6 years to come up with replacement. Crickets..SHAME
you are a clown like the rest of the republicans who are scared of Bannon and trump. Clowns
ok...#Whatstheplan ?
you should shut up unless you have plan to replace it you've had 8 yrs hippocrate
Obamacare penalizes the hard working individuals and rewards the hardly working. The harder you work the more u pay
yeah Ron Paul end his presidency as fast as we can
@realDonaldTrump You promised,you promised to repeal Obamacare.The people want something better and Fair. JUST DO IT!!!!
yes. Keeps you losers in a job. Not one GOP has any integrity. Not one. One worse than the next.
and so far none of you have come up with a comprehensive replacement plan. Screw over Americans yet again. Sad!
Fake news, paul rand, t rump, you are doing a tremendous harm to our country, our youth will pay for u have done.
:So far I'm liking your plan best!Question...how many nurses have you visited with about this?Nurses are your front line!
It Is A MESS and Easier And Safer to Start Over With Trump Care!
.@FoxNews Great to see @RandPaul bitch slap McCain today on ABC.

'We're Very Lucky John McCain Is Not in Charge'
I thought you were sort of sane. Clearly, I was wrong.
I'm really starting to like Rand Paul these days.
Same plan as you have Randy easily passes Congress right?
Still no plan Randy just BS
At some point you guys will have to stop using Obamacare as distraction from @POTUS buffoonery!! Eventually it gets tired
if anyone can help get it done Rand Paul can do it!
Way to give it to McCain! You are so right, he can't get over that Trump is President and he is not. What a RINO
I agree
not true. U put party 1st instead of Americans #alternativefacts #lostyourway #notmyrepublicanparty
Ya that way we can give u back a pile of crap that will do u no good make the insurance co happy and therich dance of joy
PLEASE!  Take "replace" out and let the market work!
cover pre existing conditions! Protect children! #resist
We support you Senator Rand Paul
HAVE TO DO COMPLETE REPEAL OF --  YOU!!
And this is the juncture where Libertarians seem to lose touch with reality.
We don't want ACA repeal. We want investigation of WH corruption. Stop ignoring the people or we won't re-elect you.
we want the same healthcare plan Randpaul has for his family. If it's good enough for him, it's good enough for us
if you believe in this country you MUST investigate the ties to Russia. Or are you afraid of the outcome? It must be done
go for it
still waiting to hear a viable plan for replacing it that doesn't make 20 million people lose their health care.
:as a physician, is your first duty to do as much harm as possible to patients ?
we're still waiting on the replacement, get crackin' and stop all the bull, GOP is so sad
please get this done Paul! Too much at stake!
@POTUS Rand is right. Full repeal would hurt or kill many more poor people.  Death to the poor.
You can't even arrest #PoliceBrutality nor #KillerCops @FBI but u'r READY to arrest #ObamaCare at theExpense of theNeedy
what do you care you have medical care. Till the rest of your life.
UHC is the way or atleast a public option
YES! YES! YES! And now!
having insurance with a $6,000 deductible is pretty useless kill the whole thing start over with something that works
Again the greatest burden is on the Working Person/ the burden knows no difference to gender
the insurance model doesn't work for universal healthcare. As long as we grow old, we will all require it.
either go single payer or get the government out of the healthcare business.
If you or your family were at risk from pollution you would probably feel differently. SADLY SELFISH
Why don't you go drink some water with coal sludge, take your children to live in an area with bad smog?
How do you advocate pollution that makes people sick and then get rid of ACA so they can't get health care??
Completely repealed. @RandPaul sounds like he has a great plan. After all he is a doctor
don't know what u are on crack..replace with what tell the whole world with what...
i stand with rand!
Obama care has to go. It was all done for political gaining and benefit of liberalism, not for everyone else's benefit.
do you fucking realized how many don't want it repealed? Are you listening to the people or looking at your agenda?
... agree - a partial carbuncle is still a carbuncle ...
Member when Rand actually had a soul. It doesn't seem that long ago really.
Absolutely - NO OTHER WAY... While you are at it see if we can repeal the FOB that is the (Fake Obama Presidency)!
-so true, no fear
FULLREPEAL    FULL REPLACE #STANDWITHRAND...
Unlimited power over people's lives, as when controlling health care, corrupts Republicans as much as Democrats.@cspanwj
Republicans had  years, and came up with nothing. You had better have something better to bring to the table this time.
HEALTHCARE FREEDOM won't work. Will cost GOP IN 2018. Look at Germany, 1/2 the cost, excellent universal coverage.
keep up the good work Sen. Paul....u should be majority leader rather than McConnell
so just outline a plan that covers at least as many people with lower costs. #AHA is anything BUT #affordable. Show me.
a nation is defined by how it treats the poor and the ability for the poor to receive Healthcare.
This admin is not competent nor smart enough to replace the ACA with the best interests of the uninsured only themselves.
The Left's scam funnels power to a plutocracy, weaponising life's staples: Health, home, learning, info, air. Prevent it.
- So what happened to the repeal and replacement on day one?
he is right we should go with the old plan and have another one to help ameican people we need ins.
While you are at it will y'all repeal @SenJohnMcCain ? 

 #byefelicia #jimcrackedcrn #FoxNews #rino #MAGA
:YES! PLEASE!That traitor has to go! He's the "SONGBIRD" fighting DJT & spilling secrets!
Replace then repeal or face being buried in a poop-storm.
Republicans need to line up and get it done!!! Or else...
Not unless you fix the system & provide an alternative that works better for everyone than Obamacare regardless of health
repeal. No need to replace with shitty GOP plan.
Let's repeal your insurance you fake doctor!
your plan is unaffordable. Can't repeal it and replace it with something worse.
Millions of Americans will be harmed by ACA replacement as proposed. Please find other alternative.
sounds clueless. BTW, ACA has been good for KY
that's a very old song
You don't use the health care, what about everyone else who does? Why is that only fair to you, Rand?
"Health savings accounts" are NOT insurance and will NOT help the very or even moderately sick. #singlepayernow
Now understand why you were early nomination loser.
Just get on with it...you've waited long enough...just do it..grrrr
do it
As long as those with pre-existing conditions are not affected!
Yes, Mr. Paul is correct; full repeal of this disaster.
Stop those getting rich off the failure they created. People making millions at our expense i.e. ACOs
And We should believe you that you got a better plan?? Ask the President where Sweden is?
?????
can we at least get someone to replace Rand Paul's toupee...it's real bad..
not a toupee....he has "hobo" hair 
yak yak yak
FINALMENTE
should have been a simple plan like Congress has which pays 4 everything. why do they get special tx? they earn $300K+
Ties his shoes, tries to put them on, unties them, puts them on then ties them.
complete repeal oh no lets see the future has republicans loosing mega seats next 4 years
how so? Are you in the hc exchange? Whats your def? Mine is 10k. I want it gone.
in the process kill 43,000 Americans a year!
Let's leave Obamacare as it is secretly but change the name to Ryancare, then @RandPaul  will be happy. Just partisan
I'm paying $447 a month for health insurance and most of it sucks! Especially the dental insurance!
"we just can't come up with anything as good as it yet... dam that Obama!"
fake information. No one liked rand  when he was running for president why believe him now. Listen to the people.
As part of your repeal and replace make medical industry have up front disclosure of cost.
Free government healthcare needs to be repealed. Let them pay the same amount as us.
Congress is going to kill more Americans than terrorists, thanks to partisanship.
You sir are an #$%&, right up there with trump if it wasn't for ACA and Obama care I would has lost my niece. THINK MAN
Paul lost all credibility when he showed he's a republican 1st & an American 2nd. (Rs shouldn't investigate other Rs)
Im a democrat and i say yes please, Full repeal
Agree 100%
Why? Simple question. You and the @gop have been touting this for years.  BUT WHY?
