Yeah, yeah, Rand, we all know you believe in the Survival of the Fittest & Richest healthcare plan.
He believes in the Constitution
I thought he claimed executive order is not how you make laws 
When Congress won't do their jobs the President has to.
No! Cuz that's how we got the garbage that Trump is undoing. Remember Obama's pen and a phone?
That Obama garbage you talk abt is why I had prenatal coverage
If it wasn't for that garbage my baby wouldn't have had care.
Why not? We already have 82 federal programs to help those in need
Freaking liar! They're saying 9 of the 10 states that will suffer the most because of this, are trump states. It will Drive deficit up...
You are a LIAR Rand! http://www.newsmax.com/t/newsmax/article/819507?section=politics&keywords=healthcare-ileana-ros-lehtinen-gop&year=2017&month=10&date=13&id=819507&aliaspath=%2FManage%2FArticles%2FTemplate-Main&oref=r.search.yahoo.com …
Tell that to 9 of the 10 Trump states that will be hurt most by this! Even NV governor just slammed Rand this am as this will hurt His ppl.
My question is why do these guys make sooooo much money??
Because congress lets them. Small guys can't start up new companies, so the big ones scoff at competition.
I remember when we just paid the Dr direct. We did not have the insurance moguls getting rich.  I want Gov out of our healthcare!!
My appendectomy cost 13K. You've got that kind of change laying around?
If what he is talking about were in effect, it probably wouldn't cost that much.
#ComplicitCoward

Can't hurt them once they're dead from untreated cancer. What a cunning plan?
How's this going to stop cancer treatments?
Hurt the poor as apposed to what? Obamacare? No insurance?
Yea a year too late. Because of the house and Senate my Anthem cost tripled due to a do nothing Rep Congress. That's Alot.
Thanks Alot

I really thought you cared more about people than your Party.  Disappointed in you.
Where can I go to find these plans?
All I see is Trump and the rich will only get richer cause all Trump is a big fat lier scinc the alectioñn
I don't believe the people with negative tweets on this issue know how 2 read. Else don't know how 2 click on the attached link you provided
Thank you Senator Rand Paul.
Just heard Trump is changing his mind on the subsidies!!!!
What would you know about healthcare for the sick? Your an eye Dr.
Industry experts disagree

Another Democrat lie and people still believe them.
Of course it will hurt the Poor!  It will hurt everyone!  So squash away.  #hatecare
and have to go to the ER for everything, can I send you the bills that I won't be able to pay?
What are you smoking up there? This will have a negative impact on millions of middle class/poor. When I can't afford my insurance anymore
Can't afford Obama care! 10,000 deductible? Ridiculous!
FU too @RandPaul
I know wife had cancer about all Dr. Paid separately evan hospital own them all. Also our primary Dr. may never see ger
Guess your a liar as well
Your right I was better off with no ins drs and others were working with us now copay so high can’t afford medication

Kissing butt
Your plan premised on assumption less fortunate in a position to meaningfully organize. And that, not hundreds, but thousands. Doubt it.
The Left talks as if MEDICAID no longer exists.
everyone needs to know this is RPauls plan... Rand Paul for President... he held his ground .. believe in this guy .. he our future
Why can't insurance offer options where u put in cart what u want and discounts for the more u choose.   Comparison plans packaged also.
Glad you seen the light! #MAGA
You are being dipped. Also we have one of the lowest corp tax rates. Remember he's a grifter@jonfavs
Support our POTUS Rand or get the fk out!
Of course you deny it. To admit it would mean no more kissing _____
Clueless.
You our full of crap!!!!
Liar
Keep it up Rand  
https://twitter.com/adamcbest/status/918530988292149249 … Thankful Kentucky Voters will finally oust Rand Paul once they 'Feel' what they did to their healthcare.
Rand Paul looking like what someone who just struck a deal with the worst President in US History should look like. 
Correction: What HE did to their HealthCare.
So sad So sick
“Acc to Paul, the ability 4 many low-income workers 2 come together to form a group ..would give the power to consumer....”  Like a union?
https://www.forbes.com/sites/brucejapsen/2017/10/13/trumps-end-to-subsidies-hurts-patients-not-insurers/#35bb3f2a4c61 … Lying M'FER Wake up #Kentucky Quit Voting this POS in Educate Yourself @RandPaul SCUM Remember @GOP OWN THIS
f'n Skittles.
10:01 AM - Oct 12, 2017
Could you survive on this?  PLEASE HELP!
Will you fix it if you are wrong and these buying groups don't materialize
Interesting! Especially since the ACA is creating the poor.

Rand is lying. Wait and see!
It will hurt the self employed! Thanks Rand.
Perhaps @RandPaul should go on CNN instead of @SenSusanCollins.  Somebody who understands it. Perhaps it needs to be explained better!!
Thank you Rand!
#legalizemarijuana inKy
@SenateDems Are you paying attention? @Daggy1 @D2243 @Trump_time @TrishIntel @MariaBartiromo @HowardKurtz @ErinBurnett @ErinMcPike @kilmeade
, you're a resistor just like the rest of the Republicans thank you for your services not

But WHY does @realDonaldTrump have to do the work #GOP #Congress PROMISED the voters they would do? Congress gets Obamacare subsidies! #MAGA
For lefties the poor are like the aliens of scifi: simply invention

please don’t terrorize my Smileyswith horrid face language Or my Smileys will stop to smilewatch:SOB

You are my Happines Americans Grateful thanksgiving by my Cartoon, Smileys,Peluches, Cat, Flowers & all Fantasy
Always ready to eject “the poor” on our face. Did someone knew a leftist who helped “the poor”?
Rand Paul is a murderer.
A little late but better than nothing.
Yes! In effect, you are breaking up a monopoly....love it!
When can we expect to see the groups forming and who can we expect to form the groups?
You are as evil as Trump. And for what reason? Is it because people who can afford health insurance don't think lesser than deserve it?
If you would have done your job and represented the 50% of the country that still works for a living it would have been repealed.
Millions of people in a healthcare lifeboat,  and you're going take it away. They might drown, but you "believe in empowering the swimmer."
Explain "it has the potential to be good"Either it is or it isn't right nowDon't sell us out over to trumps ridiculous claims w/out proof
I will ask you again.  Why can't we have the same coverage as you at the same price?  Answer please
The plan is fantastic, I’ve seen it in action... a person gets better coverage and has more options and a bigger voice being part of a group
Conservatives believe to let the sick, poor and old die as soon as possible saving $ for the nation. Cut back on Medicare, Medicaid, S.S.,
I think Rand Paul is the only congressman who has ever read legislation.
The question is why is our health care so expensive? Maybe if politicians didn't take bribes from corporations this wouldn't be an issue.
You are so full of it what about your home state. They are #1 on the list to pay for this action.
Ass kisser
Pres Trump was strong enough to start ball rolling.  Need new intelligent, working Congress with initiative.  Non that want gold for them.
BullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshit UGH
The real beauty of this is that Sen. Rand Paul doesn’t have to compromise or sully his pristine principles in any way. There’ll be no vote.
We thought you were smarter than that Rand. Obviously you would rather be a Trumphumper.
Do you know that Medicaid isn't included in this executive order? I can't find a copy of it anywhere.
My suggestion is join a healthcare group immediately.  The sooner the people unite the faster the premiums will fall
I don't see a down side.  This literally allows the people to unite together and shop as a group across the country.
This is a joke right?
Ins comp will start creating plans to capture this new market. Competition is the key. Beneficial to ins & people. Ins is a business.
Thank you for working with @realDonaldTrump to make things happen for all Americans. Debate, compromise and integrity are appreciated. 
Hurting middle class and poor people more
How could the son of such a brilliant politician be such an idiot? You’re a disappointment to your father’s legacy. Thought you should know
Fake news again, desperate, to sell their papers and programs.
The Democrats’ saying everything hurts the poor and is racist is REAL OLD.
@POTUS will this make globalists stop injecting us by force? Please say yes!!!

Whoa. Here the WH admits the exec order will  premiums,   taxpayer costs, and screw unsubsidized people with pre-existing conditions. 
Yeah, forgot to say this, but go fuck yourself

Trump's new policy will increase premiums by 20%, cost the government $194 billion, increase the deficit, destabilize insurance markets, and increase the number of uninsured Americans. There is nothing it makes better; it's pure policy nihilism. https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/10/13/16467910/trump-obamacare-politics-aca …
But do we still get fined if we don’t have health insurance?
I can’t get a subsidy and I still can’t afford to buy my husband insurance     Am I rich or poor? Subsidy receivers you’re welcome
I'm a poor person and want no free anything from my government cus I know what strings come with it. Free Healthcare only for children.
Nazi order compels ridding society of; disabled, chronically ill, ppl of any color but white, anyone who speaks Truth and women with a brain
i will be honest...i have not agreed with some u've said...but on this issue i have felt completely connected w/ur perspective
lets solve it
@HuffPost Good read
Americans simply cannot afford Obamacare. Congress not onboard with change.  Let's give Senator Paul/President Trump an opportunity.
The @GOP has told too many lies on this. 
We’ll believe them when they return to regular order, bipartisan debate, & a proper CBO score.
How’s that diack taste??
Those absolutely hurting under Obamacare are Middle Class Workers. Trump has just begun to relieve our burden.
By not paying DC bureaucrats to administer healthcare we save how much?
The "freebies" (and Medicaid) will still be there. We need to put these people to work (except the elderly and disabled). Jobs ARE available
The poor will just be uninsured and using emergency rooms, that are expensive and have bills they will never pay keeping them poor.
I am 62 years old and just got my statement for 2018 Insurance monthly payment $2000 per month, we need Medicare for all.
Come on congress get off your intelligence asses and do something for once.... help the middle class in OUR country...

Well we shall see if that's true.
Keep working with Trump as much as you can. We need your voice to be heard!!! Thank you for your efforts.
liar
and when it fails and millions loose their healthcare we WILL hold u responsible as well n vote ur ass out
The potential to hurt people who cannot afford healthcare.
What is your motive and explanation of motive?
Senate please listen.. Rand has it right..put that graft back into medicare!
Associations will still need capital. I think of them as Credit Unions to Banks.  Credit Unions have great deals, low overhead.
Thank you Rand Paul for sticking to your guns and helping with eliminating Obamacare. I always support a man like you
@RedPillBlack @ScottPresler
You are correct. Poor people had free care before and they will have it in future.  Every hospital tests FPL score writes off immediately
Says a guy with free healthcare.
Also Rand Paul doesn't care about the poor.
Rand Paul doesn't care about the American people. His ill conceived principals are more important.
You. Are. LYING.
SO GLAD this is now in place!  Great job Rand Paul!  You are one of the ONLY Senators many people believe in.  #RandPaul
how do people band together though and "find" each other as individuals?  we need a web portal to join groups. Facebook? Twitter? how to?
Right, and the Earth is flat, more guns = a safer society and the cow jumped over the moon.  For a RW flake, saying so it makes it so.  Duh.
You people are so misguided. You call yourselves men of God, God has nothing to do with what you do or say!
You, sir, are a fucking moron. - Tillerson.
Glad you are working with the President on this. He does need some sanity in his advisers.
Sen Paul, I need your address please. So, when I am dying, I can have people drop me off at your house, to care for me. Have nobody else.

You've decided to hurt millions of Americans for some intellectual BS.
Thankful that you & @realDonaldTrump are working together to help America survive this horrible, toxic policy hoisted on us by progressives.
Disaster
@RandPaul Thank you for working with @POTUS to start the process of returning our health care system to free market and greatness once again
Vote this bum out, he’s helping to take away your healthcare!
If all this was contained within the executive order, then that changes my opinion of it. I thought he just nixed the subsidies. Well done 
VIDEO: Judicial Watch just caught the FBI hiding 30 Lynch-Clinton tarmac meeting documents! https://www.pscp.tv/w/bK-EtzFheWpWZ1BST3pHRXB8MUJSS2p5Z1BuRVJ4d4Xpb29ElCZ8A7CJgTzfoMPgfvzJwKO-2mFPy9hPBl_9 … …
We thank you for working with our POTUS to get something that is going to actually work!! Nothing is perfect, but it's a good start.
Paraphrasing my friend Lady Patriot: America is ot perfect but she is the best start to the Future TY all
@SenJohnMcCain @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins @SenMikeLee Get together to finally repeal & replace Obamacare! If not will vote you out!
Lol @RandPaul it’s looks like you’re talking about yourself in the third person
Good job Mr Paul. I’m glad to see you guys are working together to MAGA.
Rand Paul LIES to America. How can u support this crap!?! You're just as corrupt as #DonTheCon. Karma will get u 1 day.
#RandPaulIsACrook
Without the gov.subsidizing it? The costs and premiums are going to stay insane.I am for the free market.This is an insurance company deal.
He doesn’t have to be re elected just saying. Check into his contributions. Shady.
thanks for clarifying Senator. Rand Paul 2024 <3<3.
Rand, kiddo, the potential exists that the earth will be hit by an asteroid tomorrow! The chance is about equal to your claims being right!
One of @POTUS good buddies arranged meet with Rand who hadn't the sense to check or care who it was!
Incredible sell out. EOs are ok now? What an ass.
I believe Rand may be used to get it right!  Hoping and Praying!
Thank you Rand.  Kentucky voters appreciate your hard work.  Wish others would work as hard as you & president !!!  Stay the course.
Dude, it WILL not only hurt the poor, but also the middle class. I cannot freaking afford a mammogram now. Thanks very much.
Pull congress healthcare and paycheck till they solve the mess they made.
And I believe you @RandPaul  
ACA killed small insurance companies & co-ops.
Associations work. When I was a nanny, I joined. A JCO group. I was able to get insurance for $115 a month.  ACA banned that.
U randi lol
Why everyone thinks libertarians are delusional, stupid & lacking basic empathy: They insist that $1K more in costs "won't hurt the poor."
As a small business owner, thank you.
Thank you!
By meeting with holocaust deniers to negotiate with enemies of the state? Please say this is not true!
Republican Congressman Dana Rohrabacher brings Holocaust denier to meeting with Rand Paul to discuss Julian Assange http://forward.com/fast-forward/384980/republican-congressman-brought-holocaust-denier-to-capitol-meeting/?utm_content=bufferc5418&utm_medium=social&utm_source=facebook.com&utm_campaign=buffer …
Why do you hate us so much?
1 million will lose healthcare in 2018 and cost govt. 200million added to deficit over 10 years and people who keep ins. 20% increase 2018
I don't know who u think u r conning but not many $ going to fall 4 that BS. u LIVE ON $20,000 a year and feed a family of 4 and pay for that Health Care. Do you recall that group of pp are getting an INCREASE of @% on their taxes. YOU don't care who dies as long as U got $$$$$$$
Now convince your Democratic partners in Congress. The people want fair, affordable, competent health care. It's lives.
No, it will squash the middle class.
He says companies hire those with pre-existing conditions but that’s not true. A lot of places R not hiring if overweight, smoker, sick etc
I'll try to remember this when I can't get my lab work & my meds
RT @realDonaldTrump @tedcruz @RandPaul YOU need to apply the Price Gouging Laws to the big Healthcare Insur Cos Premiums & Deductibles. #USA
RT @realDonaldTrump @tedcruz @RandPaul YOU need to apply Price/Cost Controls on Premiums & Deductibles. Regulate Healthcare Insur Cos. #USA
That’s because Obama Care is imploading....nothing to do with this at all
U mean rand paul decided to do something right rather than self-serving?
You gonna start talking in third person now?
Can an executive order help Christian health shares use HSA money to pay for doctor bills?
Liberals lie.  Clinics offer a sliding scale.  Low wage-low pay.  No wage-No pay.  Not to mention the charities who help.
