I am in Egypt and I think you guys the Pauls are awesome
@VanJones68 @SymoneDSanders Hmmm.
Unfair? How? It doesn't hurt the United States of America in any way.
It kills jobs and takes are money as well as the other countries aren't held to the same standards. A lot wrong with it!
Grow up! Be a leader. The Paris Accord is an essential step in the right direction to saving the planet and creating sustainable jobs.
But why is it? Nobody has given me any reason. Maybe because nobody knows what it does an is on here apparently. Sad!
I can't understand your grammar. This helps us fall in line with creating clean energy jobs, and those economics ARE on the rise.
The reason why clean energy jobs are on a rise is because of the amount of emphasis in that area. America isn't going to stop leading.
Not sure what side you are taking with that comment. There should be an emphasis in that area, because it IS creating jobs and saving lives.
The US can't continue to give other countries money and not receive anything in return. We have our own problems that need fixing.
Rand paul is the best
No,  that fact that you're in government and is so unknowledgeable is unfair.
Shame on you for ignoring science and cherry picking your statistics.
Under the deal we paid less per capita than 9 other countries.  We need to lead the world in more than just weapon sales.
No. We must make the world great again. I remember when Los Angeles had brown smog and smelled of rotten eggs
????? Talkin...
@RandPaul ***You made the best argument yet re climate change. Jake Tapper didn't stand a chance. Liberals? Thank you.
Loved your CNN interview! You had all the facts and didn't let him shut you down as he was trying to do. Good for you!!! I agree wi U 100%
Rand Paul continues to show his true spots. Unfortunate, I thought possibly of all the ill informed & $$$ obsessed repubs
He might show and ounce of decency. Rand Paul, another ill informed republican who sold out our country
Getting us out of the Paris accord is about the only good I've seen from @realDonaldTrump. The #goonerment #goonsquad controlling with fear!
Um, getting america out of the trans pacific partnership?

A true shill. Taking over $100,000 from big oil. You've lost any standing you had
You took 10 million from Big Oil. No wonder u wanted out of Paris agreement. Selling us out for your greed
I guess he figures that since somebody was going to get the money it might as well be him; even if he had a sell out his country to get it

We look to you. The USA is under attack and not fighting back. @RepAdamSchiff https://twitter.com/damejemarshall/status/871052329184665600 …
Stop Comey's plan to attack POTUS, but allege confidentiality when testimony could support POTUS, or reveals Obama spying or phony Collusion
Rand Paul has always looked out for us  citizen's behalf. Thx
So showing the world we are weak to our word is a strong global stance?
You tell em @RandPaul!
Must watch @RandPaul school cnn!
vWhere the hell is the vid? It's a pile of crappy ads.
That was the #covfefe-est interview I've seen in a long time!!!
Instead of pushing for outdated jobs, educate the people of Kentucky for the jobs of the future
Rand you got it 100% right this time!!!!
Comparing US economy to China & Russia is unfair. US is a global leader & innovator & should act like it.
Rand Paul.. telling the truth on Clinton News Network... How refreshing.. Great job Rand
As one of @RandPaul constituents I am embarrassed at his support on this issue & this president. taking our country backward.
Why should we stay in the Paris accord?
Senator, your ignorance is astounding. Shame on you.
Doesn't this say it all!
"We redistribute de facto the world's wealth by climate policy." ~IPCC co-chairman Ottmar Edenhofer
How much are the oil companies paying you off! I hope it's worth destroying the planet for your greedy lifestyle, jail all republicans NOW
Now you keep your deal and pass tax cuts and doing away with obamacare
You can fool people only so long and even here they will catch on.  You work for the people not Donald Trump.
Stop playing the political game and put America first!
Keebler elf..WITH a degree in absurdity.
@batterman_terri U have STRONG voice of reason&realize congress should play role.DEMS wanted nothin2do w Obama "treaty"they need 2B exposed
I have listened to many of your on-air interviews today. You sound like a man that is for Noah's Ark. You know it's 2017, right? Not B.C.
You're a fool. I'm not how you're a doctor, because your cherry-picked science is WRONG, sir!
Yes! Thank you! Amen! 
Our ppls priority comes first.European elites dont care abt ppl but their own fake agenda so they can make n let ppl in d world starving!!!
Trump failed to even read the agreement!
Educate me on the Paris accord, please?
SHAME on you!
Because he is lining his pockets.
This is absolutely meaningless
Vote this mofo out of office.
You do it! Millions voted him in. Go vote! Lol
Why do you believe that the fate of our planet should be determined by Kentucky voters with the fewest number of teeth? 
#ParisAccords
We are supposed to lead, not look like ignorant greedy bastards.
Paris Accord is rotten deal for the American people.  @potus the Medal of Freedom. Charge @BarackObama with #treason.
Lastly Rand we are the ONLY nation other than Syria (who's in a horrible civil war--chocolate cake remember) who has NOT signed it. #SHAME
Thank u @RandPaul Keep fighting for the American worker. Behind you 100%
Keep up the good work senator
CHINA NEVER DOES ANYTHING..THEY ALWAYS SAY THEY WILL THEY POISEN THE EARTH MOST PLUS GULANG DONG BODY PARTS
I agree with Senator Paul
@RandPaul why do you settle for mediocrity?
And it's insane to enable president Loco
#StandWithRand
If @RandPaul  still mattered then I might care.
@SenRandPauI u have become part of the prob and beginning of demise of the core strengths of our country.
Will you get a grip!!! Trump is destroying our country and our democracy!
Just read Article 2, section 2 of the Constitution. Then people will realize that the President CANNOT unilaterally enter into a treaty.
It's nice to have a president that cares about America and American workers #AmericaFirst 
Awesome we can work towards a future where the air is unbreathable. But hey at least a few people had jobs right?
Thank you, Senator!
#Covfefe !!
Damn right it is unfai, like Agenda21 et.al. They are just tools and bureaucracy that the globalist uses to exert control over society.
I just say: covfefe.
All of Obama's deals were unfair to US working people. That's why Trump is the President
Which jobs?
Unfair! It was terrible for American jobs, wealth and well being! A bullshit anti-American deal from the get-go... like all Obama deals!!
