Except it has already been proven not to work.  It's the nature of how insurance works.  Allergies in Kentucky are a lot worse than allergies in AZ.  A simplistic explanation but seems it is needed.  However, he can give it a shot.
Totally agree. Have not seen 1 piece of data that shows this will have any real impact. If it works, awesome, but not expecting much.
Have you ever seen a cable market when a 2nd company is allowed to come in? There's your proof. Competition.
When was the last time your cable bill went down? Entry price cuts like that are usually temporary
No but the quality certainly remains better.
If you want your health insurance run like a cable company, more power to you.
Well i certainly dont want it run by the government.... like oh i dont know.....  THE VA
People are good opinions of Medicare and Tricare...but yeah, the VA is a mess. Is it just under-funded?
Hope it works, but is there 1 insurance company that has come out to say they can't wait to do this and plan on pushing down prices?
What insurance company would be fired up about pushing down prices ?
None that I know of! This is a bit of smoke and mirrors unless there are a few insurance companies along for the ride.
If the Senate would do it's job, it would pass some bills and E O would be unnesary.
Whoa, whoa, whoa!!!
Did we even consult jimmy kimmel to see what HE thinks???
Does the kimmel-toe believe this could work???
this is just common sense!!!!!   why cant 100 senators see this????  I am amazed at how inept the senate and the house has become..... wow
I will believe it once it is law.   In the meantime just more fake news


So what? It’s already legal - 6 states are doing it but it doesn’t affect premium prices.  Free mkt solutions won’t fix HC and GOP knows it
Good!
No...needs to do this...
I'm trying to figure out exactly what the fuck this means, because members of congress already enjoy government subsidized healthcare.
They need to buy their own insurance...
You have zero idea how insurance works, don't you?
Love this. How about you
Now he needs an executive order making all of Congress subject to the same health insurance laws and coverage as everyday Americans!!
MCCONNELL IS A TERRIBLE LEADER.
Forcing people to purchase anything is unconstitutional.
Not according to #SCOTUS

72/ While we can't know what they will do, to legal observers I think the idea that the Republicans would push forward with Trump's political agenda as though he *isn't* now the *known target of a federal criminal investigation* is almost unthinkable. But we'll see what happens.
They already can, insurance agencies aren't set up for it.
Bots are out in full force today.
Like to see how you would have voted if you we're insured under Obamacare. You elite have no idea how the middle class have to live. Wake up
For many of us it was life changing. There are better ways, but without it my life would be much worse. I was uninsureable. #I'mNotTheElite
Excellent
And that is good.  Should have never been in 1st place  keep government out of healthcare
Please help seniors, Senator! We do nothing but use our social security for insurance and can’t use it! Horrible way for seniors to live 
Grest
YAY!!! God bless our @POTUS!
If he keeps doing Ex. Orders, why do we need Congress?
What happened to this?
Is this happening?
Good should have never been allowed in the first place. Insurance lobby
Does it cover a million dollar heart transplant?
THIS Shd Have Happened From the Get-Go! Y Fiddle w Paul RINO'S Secret Plan R GrahamCare When U Have a "DOCTOR in the House"(Senate)
YAY!!!!!!
Hope he gives you lube as he shoves it up your @$$.  Traitor.  You mcconnell Mccain graham collins should all get primaried  run out of town
Watch John McCain try to say this is unconstitutional now.
Get’er done Mr President, thank you Senator for stNding strong w we the people
Finally, something that makes sense.
Great!! Thank you Rand Paul.  I truly respect you you and only a few . The whole congress needs to be fired except a few.
Repeal Lautenberg now.
Dude, they already can.  It's in the ACA.  
Awesome...
Oh no! Another EO ready to be rescinded
Yes!!!
YES!
Long overdue! Should have been done on day 1 of George Washington.
Erase state lines, but also push  HC ins. plans to only be for catastrophic. Make prices transparent. You dont get auto ins. for tune ups?
@realDonaldTrump When Congress can't get done what they promised, it leaves very few choices for the President.
It's already legal for insurance companies to sell insurance across state lines, it changes nothing, what they want to change is the rules
@ChicagoForTrump
Good! Competition reduces prices. Keep on keeping on @POTUS
YES!!!
I can already hear cryin' @SenSchumer saying "it's just mean" and then dropping fake tears.
Senator, with all die respect, again it's the President taking action and not the Senate. Just saying.
Good
Sound like a repeal and replace with free markets to me. Now, codify this principle.
MEDICARE FOR ALL!
This would change everything
this is great news! it is the only way to lower costs compitition
And your a YES?
What one president giveth another taketh away. Why can't Congress just pass that simple provision, purchase across state lines. period.
No!  Executive order to take the penalty away first.  Without that this is bad
Finally! Now was that so hard?
Great should of happened long ago
Live in. North Carolina. Insurance just canceled us we have to the end of the year. We have no choice but to go to Obamacare !!!!!!!!
@ManMountain78R3 now that's a good idea hopefully stem cell therapy will be allowed soon
@jamiedupree says it's already legal. What's new?
Serious question Senator - how can I expect lower rates, I’m paying $20k/yr in CT. Is a MA, RI, NY plan really going to be less? Why?
@Beverly04990771 finally!!!!
Now that would be a win for every1!!! Hope it happens. @realDonaldTrump
Too bad Congress could not do it
Do it through legislation.  Executive Orders can be undone
You’ve been instrumental in pushing this agenda. Thank you for doing your part to keep the #GOP promise to #RepealandReplaceObamacare.
Make sure it says you guys buy same coverage I have to. I want in your coverage @RandPaul @GOP @POTUS . Why you and not US?
Great job! I prefer all tax paying Americans have access to the same benefits congress has. Don't forget, audit the FED, they are CLUELESS!

Amen
One can also 'prepare' to use the restroom.  How about we just get on with it, do the business already, and everyone can feel some relief?
Great!!!!!!!
Unfortunately won't fix problem. Reducing admin waste and federal government negotiating down drug prices will be the low hanging fruit
You will find a way to vote against it somehow.
Too bad this won’t really do anything unless you make every hospital “in network”.
But isn't that going to require the cooperation of the states since each state has different mandates for coverage?
I give you "LASIK SURGERY" - used to cost $12,000... and because of free market it now costs 1/10th of that.
What a disgrace that this was ever prohibited.
This is TERRIFIC NEWS... but I have to ask what took everyone so long in doing it? It is a "No Brainer" .... but then again... Congress..
@SenBlumenthal @ChrisMurphyCT @jahimes Great work Senator Paul Refreshing to have solutions put forward instead of "party line" failed dogma
Competition!  Make it happen!
About time
Please God
What's taking so long. Get it done
I'd celebrate by I'm still paying 10,400$ more annually than before Ocare.
Great!
Thank you, Senator Paul. We know this was your idea. :)
Pretty sure this will upset the Insurance companies  yes?
Stop the monopoly of Big Fraud Companies!
Great News!!! Jumping for joy!!!!!
Much needed relief in this Executive Order. It will give Congress time to reform the damaging laws passed by ACA.
And remove the Mandates. THEN Ocare is humanized. You
#TY
More competition is better for everyone, despite the nay-sayers & local-monopoly-lovers.
Our president needs to Repeal and Replace Obamacare now by Executive Order !!Health care affordable for working families
He should also make Congress pay for their personal Obamacare as well.
That's the best news yet
Are you not getting a bit sick of @realDonaldTrump legislating from the white house?
Yea!!!!!!
If that can legally be done via EO, phenomenal.
Can this be true? Will this allow the Free Market to take over to lower ObamaCare's skyrocketing insurance costs?
Hospital-based services are usually most expensive due to high overhead-watch for hidden charges(ie physician cost to read x-ray)
Do something NOW! my healthcare is $16,000/yr for 1 person Bronze plan and my hospital won't take  it. I get $0 subsidy. WTF
Needs to rescind oboma's executive order and have Congress and staff pay what we pay.
Seeing increase in private physicians, diagnostic labs,same day surgery sharing prices on-line--It's a START!Investigative reporters helping
Hope the insurance companies will be responsive to the needs of those who want or can only afford catastrophic health insurance!Ins agents??
My life Insurance is across State lines. What's the problem Senator @DrRandPaul ? You ran on Health Care and so far "ZERO".
Good start! How about expanding HSA's?
Is this the loser trophy?
That's a great start
Good news
That is one step in the right direction.  Now, take a look at the swiss health care system for ideas on what to do next!
In addition to state lines where is TORT reform??? Potentially save $500 billion a year!!!
Thank God and @POTUS!
Well Rand, does this make you happy???????
If he can’t get congressional support then find other ways to get it done. It is time we replace all the self-serving members
That would be great at least something is being done.
That's great. It would be great to lower prescription costs & lower all medical & hospital fees too.
Finally
Appreciate our @POTUS trying to help Americans in spite of idiots and obstructionists in Congress. God Bless  our President Trump!
Awesome
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes!
How about an executive order requiring Congress to have OVOMITCARE
Awesome!
THANKYOU @RandPaul AND @realDonaldTrump !  #ENDOBAMACARE NO REPLACE !  

@MedicaidGov CURRENTLY OFF THE HOOK FOR @NAIDW #DisabledWorkers !!!
This is DUMB and it will not work. Not a chance in hell!
Kaiser is a conglomerate in California. How will that help us? John Muir is second place.
Senator, this is not a good idea. Remember, for profit insurance companies are not looking to make payments for the delivery of health care
Anything to make healthcare insurance market driven
Demographics is the name of the game. Especially with and for insurance compamies which is the greatest fleecing of America.
Great! Now how to prevent price gouging and insur co collusion in setting prices
If it only takes an executive order why wasn't it done along time ago?
A start for national insurance plan
I like that
This plan will break Anthem and other big health insurers. Fair and balanced. Profit up 16% from last year. What next, a briar patch???
I have FL BCBS.  What out if state insurer has agreements with my network?
Why by executive fiat ? The next president can just undo it.. try doing your jobs in congress and pass legislation !!
That would actually be a step in the right direction.
Amen!!! At least something is getting done no thanks to the senate!
This EO may have killed single payer system that Bernie wanted.  Now construct a basic package in the bill, EVERY state has basic needs.
WHY DO AMERICANS NEED PERMISSION FROM THE GOVT TO PURCHASE ANYTHING, PERIOD.  WHAT HAPPEN TO FREEDOM IN AMERICA?
Why not, you hacks can't get the job done. You elites don't give a rats ass about the people that put you there.
Wow!  A friend of mine was saying that's a good idea.
I am beginning to think it's time to replace you and the rest of republicans who blocked Healthcare.
This should have been done along time ago.  So thankful that we have a president that is looking out for the American people.
That is a good thing as long as the Insurance don't make people get chip"Shalom"Amen
Thank you Rand.
You are a good friend to @POTUS
This is good step in right direction...however it's long over due to challenge the ridiculous costs of med treatments
And yet you won’t deal on hc? He did. Or didn’t you bother to listen to what he said during the campaign on this very topic?
Competition is never a bad thing. Government bureaucracy is.
You have to handle pre-existing conditions. Or you are going to have sky high prices for those with them.
If it works the same way that car insurance works I don't see what the upside is.

Why do you republicans have to fuck with things that aren't broken? LEAVE OUR HEALTH INSURANCE ALONE OR GIVE US WHAT CANADA HAS NOW!!!!
Don't you like that?
'Bout damn time.
Senator please back president Trump
WOW.
Fantastic.
Get government out of healthcare
Hallelujah....THANK YOU @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @randpaul
Great, he took my suggestion.
It's a start
Let them? What does that mean? Will he force states to agree to one federal standard? And a national compliance standard for the insurers?
Yeah I know it's all for me  . Lol sir you have done nothing for me  . Governor is a good man  . Now we need to vote you out. Not 4 you
I hope that the Russians retire you along with their Manchurian candidate in the white house. You both hate the USA and the Constitution.
exactly what we need
Yea!!!!!! Do it!!!! Please!!!!
That is huge!  Wonderful! to @realDonaldTrump @POTUS 
Divide and conquer,right?
Another EO for associations, right?
Good job!
Conservative Senators stood up to fake Obamacare replace forcing Trump to take real action that will change the health insurance industry.
For profit H.C. ins is why costs are so high, and over charging hospitals, fix that first than expand the risk pool to whole US = lower cost
YAY!!!!!!!!!  AWESOME!        AMAZING!  OH, AND RECIND CONGRESS EXEMPT FROM OBAMACARE TOO!  SEE HOW FAST THE SENATE GETS IT DONE!
Are you going to come out against this as well? Why has Congress NOT DONE this already??
That is yuuuuge!
Oh snap! Actual 4D Chess!?
That really ain't gonna do shit
Hope so Rand! This would be the single biggest political change beneficial to me directly in over a decade. Thank you for holding strong
Thank you @realDonaldTrump and @RandPaul
@POTUS GO FOR IT TRUMP!  BE AMERICAN, COMPETE AMERICAN!
That is great!!
Free Market is always the best way! thank you Dr Rand Paul for standing strong for the American people.
I'm old enough to remember when you opposed legislating through executive orders, senator.
Common sense
I freaking love you Rand.
