Pls pass legislation rahm Emmanuel make a public pronouncement that he would give id to those without documents ,this poses a threat
EVERYTHING that @POTUS44 signed was a DISASTER for America!
This is an absolute lie.
#Hi #ImMrMeseeks #LookAtMe Don't just make accusations of lying. Name obama's pro-American legislation. Enlighten us. Bailouts? ObamaCare?
Jobs outweigh survival of our species. of course! what the covfefe!
'Our species' is you, your colleagues and families NGOs vampires living on this climate lie created to hamper countries development. Slime
Whether you think the climate subject is a lie or not, fact is it is going to create way more jobs than going backwards.
How many more jobs can it possibly create in industries that are rapidly dying? These jobs will be lost in 10 years anyway
I'm with you. I think DT has lost the plot. He's headed back to the dark ages and taking his Hicks with him.
Yeah those windmills we pay China Millions to make are a blight upon our land.Ugly..very and useless
Your hair is a disaster
Came here to say this
#Hi #ImMrMeseeks #LookAtMe You libs always attack the messenger when you can't comprehend the message. Tolerant liberals indeed...
Sorry, I actually ran for office as a Libertarian once and studied econ. I know the message, he's wrong, and that hair is a disaster
What lead to your downfall?
Or are you still libertarian?
#ImMrMeseeks He seems to be advocating America subsidizing, and being exploited by, the rest of the world #LookAtMe Not Libertarian ideals
Or maybe he's left "libertarian" which contradicts its self.
KY needs to reinvent itself like Pittsburgh did. You and your state are living in the past
You do know Pennsylvania voted for Trump?
Seems that many in Washington like to sign or get behind things that tend to cost or fleece the American Taxpayer dearly. #CloserNation
American jobs? How are they related to this? FYI Solar has 2x jobs than Coal. It wouldn't just affect US but entire world. Act Smart.
We as taxpayers paid for solar jobs. 2 companies,  BHO gave money to, filed bankruptcy and everything went into dumpsters #Solindra
Another stupid intellectual argument of ignorance
Bullshit!
Clean energy jobs outnumber coal jobs 5 to 1 and getting worse. @realDonaldTrump to dumb to understand this
There will be NO #jobs on a dead, #inhabitable planet
I just know I didn't like the rules.
That's bullshit. It was a voluntarily agreement to which we had choice. What is disturbing you allow the US to fall off global leadership
Thank god for Trump!

Shame on you!
Fuck the UN
Royalties paid by coal mining on public lands are so far below market value, taxpayers are losing an estimated $1 billion per year.
#StandWithRand
What an utter disappointment. USA is part of planet earth. Agreement was a coordinated effort by 195 countries! Make EARTH great again!
Well @POTUS44 his whole goal was to destroy America, his middle name Hussein means Destroyer look it up. He should be tried for treason.
Tried for treason? Like the current grifters with "back channels"? Give me a break!

Pass the law for no id for illegals,because illegals will wind up,on HEAlthcare ,it will collapse again .
Rand handle ur business,the real fight, 4 the people,all people not the party shit.
Renewable energy is one of the fastest growing job sectors in America and employs more people than coal.
Corporate welfare for companies "making" green energy products. Taxpayers pay 2x
As opposed to the completely free market the extraction industries enjoy? Oh please.
Socialist? Not much.
Right screw the human race we need lower taxes so we can enjoy our last few decades
He's needs to adjust his hair!
It's a direct threat to law enforcement,homeland security ,welfare fraud ,and compromises voter integrity .no fake ID for illegals
I pray I'm not wrong about u,I could be though but I don't think I'm am,just forget Get the party shit.
Rand we disagree. Not a fan any longer. You're following status quo.
#Hi #ImMrMeseeks #LookAtMe What? Pulling out of the agreement couldn't be further from "status quo." Laundering money to the global elite
Studies have shown that environmental jobs are increasing. Coal costs more and pollutes
Totally agree.
If we're all dead because the planet dies, who needs jobs?
Ask fox for the video they played it yesterday or the day before . Name the bill Emmanuel no fake ID for illegals, credit card fraud etc.
Damn Rand u and ur selective subject fights,Come on man, u and I both know u don't agreed with 90% Trump.
Let's also add that higher energy costs disproportionately affect the poor and working classes
The Five Team started with a BANG! The show will loose it's viewers on Prime Time if the LEFTISTS like Juan Williams remains. Get him out!
You seem like a smart guy, then, the alternative math of your's kicks in."it's going to cost US 6 million jobs" ?out of187K fossil fuel jobs
Nearly everything Obama did was a disaster for American jobs!
Considering it wasn't a binding agreement. You're blathering is "fake news" @RandPaul. Rebuttal?
Ya think?    TRUMP is protecting us.   Where were you?
And Rand Paul is the nuttiest non scientist pretending to be one.
So @RandPaul was lining his pockets too.  #Corrupt
You are correct! Thank God for @POTUS. And you.
Because there's 260,000 employed in SOLAR but only 65,000 in COAL?  Get real Rand.  It PROMOTES jobs.  This is u against regulations.
THANK YOU FOR CONCURRING - FINALLY A SANE VOICE OF REASON TO CHALLENGE ALL THE FAKERS FEEDING AT THE PUBLIC TROUGH....
The @GOP and the @freedomcaucus are a disaster for Americans period.
Why is trump hated and feared? Speaks truth to power elites media oligarchy.Threatens their sacred sacraments Illegal imm Pantheism abortion
China & India among all others should be held responsible for all cost to clean air from their pollution
THANK YOU for saying THAT TRUTH! BO found more ways to WASTE taxpayer $. Dems & celebrities who say different are lying to the public.
Yes! Climate change is part of Earths history let's focus on preparing for higher sea levels
That quarter of a million you got from fossil fuel companies makes it easy to say, huh Rand?

Removing custody of the planet from God and placing it into the hands of the lying left!
You should be ashamed of yourself.
You don't know what you are talking about. Just let him do his work. !!!
If that's true rand, how did 44 get the unemployment rate to 4.7%?
Lying sack... and even if it was true, you're sacrificing the planet, our kids' future, everything... for non-existent coal jobs. #Liar
YOU are just an ass.peddling aynrand..as if her legacy changed history. Instead of .who is John galt.it will B who n hell. was the clown:you
Thank You Rand. Well done!
All's carping for nothing.
@batterman_terri Viewed ur shortened FOX interview&always increasingly reassured&proud that ur willing 2put difference aside 4American good
Atta boy Rand, that's my boy
Let yours and your family lungs get the fullness of the consequences of breathing lots of harming CO2
Great job Senator Paul against a clearly triggered and hostile @jaketapper Tapper.  I couldn't believe how snarky he was. You kept your cool
if you choose to do public service, SERVE THE PUBLIC.  Your arrogance and stupidity will ruin our planet.
Wrong no proof
What matters more...JOBS or clean air/clean water....ummmmmmmm.  It doesn't take a rocket scientist to know the answer.  #VoteRANDout
North Korea is part of the Paris Accord? They're crazy but still more sane than @realDonaldTrump!
Don't Blame me I didn't vote for Trump
They'll come around when another country invents a renewable energy source that eventually overtakes fossil and we are left in the dust.
"Jobs" is code for money, the compass that guides everything this administration does.
@realdonaldtrump and most of @gop are a disaster for the planet #parisaccord
Sadly, too true
Worst Keebler elf ever.
#wrongsideofhistory
Good to see pork barrel politics not dead in great state of KY, the world be damned though in the process. You picked the wrong horse pal.
I thought you were smarter. This is so short sighted. So many jobs in clean energy & related industries. Shame on you.
You couldn't be more mistaken. Completely no visionary leadership in most of Senate! I count Paul almond the "NO" group.
What's wrong with that hair?
So-called #FOXNewsUS is a disaster for  Shameful
The only disaster is @RandPaul 'a vision of what the future should be for the good people of KY #ParisAgreement
bullshit
Glad I was working at the solar factory when that 20th tornado of the day destroyed my home and family
It was also a marketing scam for pseudo-green tech
Nice job Ron.  Basic arevu.e t needs to be if this a dire situation, then let's all suck up the pain equally.
Yes it is. Coal miners in WVA have resorted to crime to maintain their drug habits.

Political parties before people, again!
History will humiliate you for this stance
Meanwhile, coal digging will keep poor americans poor for another generation, and no chance at 21st century high pay clean energy jobs.
BOOOOO RAND BOOOOO
you are incorrect RP Sir
Wash that nappy head @RandPaul
Who put you up to this Rand?  You appear to be a really smart guy, who knows what he's talking about like 99% of the time.  Not today :-(
Lies
THE CHOOCHOO TRAINS ARE IN TROUBLE NOW..BIG TROUBLE....COAL IS KEY..WEST VIRGINIA NEEDS JOBS AND ITS SHIT JOB...FIX WORK PLCE..NEED JOBS
SO WHY DONT YOU WORK ON THE SUPPLY SIDE..STOP CUTTING THE TREES WE NEED OXYGEN...BUT NO...THERES MORE MONEY INTHIS RIGHT
YOU KNOW HOW MUCH OF THE BRAZILIAN AND AMAZON RAIN FOREST IS LEFT..THE CUT THAT SHIT DOWN DAILY...SMALL PCT ..FOR ALL KINDS STUFF
HES RIGHT ABOUT THIS..LOOK HES RIGHT..YOU CANT ALWAYS HAVE IT DOWN THE MIDDLE AND BOTH WAYS..
Sometimes it is good to do things that are for the greater good and not just to line your own pockets.
Please watch and see Comey's gross negligence in investigating DNC!
Why did the @FBI not demand access to the @DNC servers? Why was a conflicted private company allowed to investigate? 
That was the point to destroy jobs for the American workers and make them poor  this way the Dems would have control of more people.
I am sure it was filled with generous side deals for Obama and his cronies. Common sense inventions will pave the way! 
Shame on you.
@RobinEnochs @RandPaul @POTUS44 http://www.beckershospitalreview.com/hospital-management-administration/10-things-to-know-about-rand-paul-s-medical-career-healthcare-views.html …
Yes, I am #StillRanding
Really !
#freethetoupee
Where are the republicans? My gosh have u all lost your minds? He says others laugh at us? They laugh at Trump
Yes u r right! Hes a joke
You are wrong.  It is a fact that we could increase jobs just by taking the lead in climate change.  He just made the swamp a cesspool.
Someone just returned from a successful golfing trip...anyone, anyone? 
Awesome interview, Senator!
Fire who ever approved that still frame.
Sometimes... I think you might not be so bad, then you do this shit
From climate change expert w/ @cvpayne #ParisAccord wld cost 1-2T per yr. & still do nothing 2 change earth's temp, calls it a "boondoggle"
#44 was only interested in his leftist legacy.
And 45 is any different?
proving once again that Paul is an idiot (along with the voters of KY).
What utter nonsense @RandPaul talks
Ew.
@RandPaul    is just trying to make a run again  he doesnt care about disaster
Lies Lies
#fakenews #fakepresident45 #fakesenatorRandPaul #winteriscoming #PutinPuppet
stop saying that!  environmental protections have spawned new jobs and  technologies, not to mention saving the environment.
¨Climate Change¨ is a wealth redistribution scheme designed by the corrupt ¨elites¨ and will cost USA millions of jobs.
Ok, show exactly how this is true. How many millions of coal mining jobs are coming back now? And a wrecked environment is ok as well?
Yes, our disastrous Pres set our country back yet one more time! Not even 1 year and we are falling off the world cliff.
I stand with Rand !! @RandPaul @DrRandPaul
How can a scientist and physician be so deluded about a topic that has scientifically been decided
Because Kentucky is a coal state & that's where Paul's voters are
I've never seen a group of people so vested in looking backwards.
Trump is an even bigger disaster for American jobs. His shortsightedness will cause us much pain in the future.
Lies!
Ironically enough, with Trump handing the WH right back to the Dems in 2020, today was all pageantry but no filler.
well if those models are right, you'll be long gone so what's  the point of even debating this. remember this day though..

You want to pollute the world. Kill the environment and you kill people.

So stop pandering to Big Oil and fossil fuels and invest in renewable energy. For fucks sake. This is the only planet we have.
Renewable energy is a scam there's nothing wrong with big oil and fossil fuel's they are not damaging our country or  The world
Clearly ur not a businessman, but a politician.  All business leaders say new jobs will relate to climate change. Coal is dead. Big loss.
All Globalism is a disaster for America
You actually know this is a lie and you've become a sycophant to the stupid
Foutaises.....
Keep bending over for @realDonaldTrump  there
Silly obama trying 2clean up the environment & get us off oil.
If Obama did it, it's bad for America. Obama was corrupt, dishonest, distructive and lawless.
Congress wasn't involved in this agreement it should be null!
What a mess..
Not sticking to it is a disaster for the entire planet.  What part of that is hard to understand?
The part where climate science isn't science but really a cash grab. Let me ask you something, do you know what a rejected hypothesis is?
