Just so he can grandstand and the deal will still pass. Call it what it is.
Why the hostility? Is some apprehension about selling MORE weapons to the Middle East not warranted?
We all know where he stands on the subject and if there is a vote it will pass. Calling for a vote is grand standing.
I would call it being a constitutionalist.
The constitution doesn't require a vote so why should @RandPaul ?
Previous legislation in the senate allows a senator to force vote if an arms deal is questionable. I consider this deal highly questionable
Don't disagree with you on his right to call a vote. He won't win and he knows it. So it is still called Grand Standing
Did he force a vote on the iranian deal????????
Rand Paul was there, where were you?

Wow Bin Laden didn't age in 20 years! What do you think was his secret? This is fake.
DOESN'T MATTER. POINT BEING THAT IT'S NOW WISE TO GIVE WEAPONS TO THOSE WHO MIGHT ONE DAY BE YOU'RE ENEMIES
Yeah point made, but this sounds like the old chain emails of Ollie North testifying before then SenatorGore about Bin Laden #FakeNews
Yes that's common knowledge.  We don't need to propogate myth though with false stories and chain emails sent by my octogenarian grandfather
Why?
All Saudis Terrorist? I know all Libs are cowards
Whining Liberals, I don't care, "the enemy of my enemy" if you don't understand it the faulty thinking of liberals.
Did you call for a vote when Obama sent billions to Iran-terrorist supporters?
The reason we cant get anywhere is because of all the lily livered REPUBLICANS who turn on our president.  Dems. sit back and laugh. ENOUGH.
So you want to give arms to islamists?
According 2 this they are going 2 give arms to Saudi's 2 fight ISIS.  At least he is making them pay 4 them. Unlike Obama who gave it away..
Obama gave them away? Someone doesn't know what they're talking about...
Appears the 1 that doesn't know what they are talking about isn't me
http://theusa-news.com/developing-obama-wh-admits-hillary-gave-isis-400-million-accident …
http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2014-09-10/obama-plans-fight-isis-giving-more-arms-isis …
No Islamist country ought to have U.S arms . Weather they pay for them or not.
How about working with the guy??? @realDonaldTrump is trying to get things done. Be collaborative!
By taking sides? Sunni over Shia? Why? Both involved in terrorist activity...not to mention the atrocious lack of #EqualRights for women. 
You're complaining about equal rights for women in the middle east now? Have you been under a rock for the last 8 years?
We should not be arming Saudi Arabia! One of the top 3 worse countries! North Korea and Iran being the other 2!
Thank you @RandPaul people seem quick to forget that 15 of the 19 terrorist from #911 were Saudi. Why do we continue to support them? #oil
How did the vote go on Urianium deal?
And on the Iranian deal?

Good idea
The only true American left in Congress.
Senate
Wouldn't that help Saudia Arabia defend themselves instead of us having to send our US troops over there?
I understand your point but I have to ask why it's our responsibility to defend them at all in the first place?
This country is about to face a collapse we need to boost the economy. This sale gives lots of jobs and our expenses in protecting Saudi
and what abt back door amnesty proposed by Chamber of Commerce through
Ron Johnson
Why don't you call for a vote to investigate this! http://circa.com/politics/barack-obamas-team-secretly-disclosed-years-of-illegal-nsa-searches-spying-on-americans … @MaxineWaters let cat out of bag YEARS ago & you did nothing
@RandPaul should write a bill to change senate rules so congress can not own stock in companies involved in federal bills/contracts.
Idiot!
Why would you vote against this that would have many people with jobs??
Why?
Or to countries who are severely lacking in #EqualRights & #EqualOpportunities for women. Hell no.They can do better
History: Congess History: I remember Am Internation and/or Human Rights Watch noting State authorizing 10,000 cattle prods in mixed loads?
Just think given the past, defensive weaponry should be foremost in the minds of congressional concern.  IMHO.
Good for Rand. We shouldn't do any trade with barbaric islamic countries. Let them kill each other if they will but we should gtfo
I feel bad... NOT!
Why are you doing everything you can against our president.
Government by nature is highly corruptible. Everyone should have their eyes wide open at all times regardless of party loyalty. #Truth
Good
Funny, but I don't remember you forcing a vote to block obama's Iran deal.
How anyone could support this after majority 911 attackers were Saudis beats me Read 911 Report on SA use your brain stop sucking off Trump
I agree with this for the humanitarian reasons. We don't need to supply bombs for other people's wars. We should redirect our resources.
More obstruction slow down fights against will of people
@RandPaul POTUS giving weapons 2Saudi so they r obligated 2eradicate terrorists there..clever Trump!We dont hv to do anything
Jobs not important Rand?
Funny how they all sat back in Obama's Iran Deal.
460 you mean!!!
Thank you, @RandPaul! We should not be selling weapons to countries who fund terrorism
Why? Obama sent billions to a country that mass produces them!
Do you know how bad it would look to stop this? Pretty sure the POTUS has authority to make this deal.
Instead of selling arms to the Saudis and letting them handle it, you'd rather wait until it gets worse and we have no choice but to go in
Things get worse because of Saudi militarism. Look at Yemen.
#StandWithRand
Good! He is right. #StillRanding
Do it any how
Saudi Arabia deserves $0 from the US!  America stop buying friendship.  Friendship is earned not bought!
Who's going to sign it into law President Trump? More of his political posturing. He and McCain should start a TV show. "The Dipsticks"
To defend against Iran - obviously. Iran is the main funder of terrorism. @billmaryy @POTUS
Once again Rand Paul does all he can to support his true friends and colleagues in the Marxist Party of America. Wants a Democrat Senate.
Because Wahhabis are not our friends.
Selling weapons to the Saudi's.... What could possibly go wrong.... Maybe sell them Hillary as a Trojan horse instead..Kill 2 with one doosh
Where was he on the Iran deal?????  
Force a vote on deporting terrorists
I vote NO!
Rand really hates Ariana
Good, For once me and a Paul agree.
He a libritarian. His compass points in one direction at a time. This deal SHOULD be approved by Congress. ALL transactions over $50m should
what is wrong with him, his he democrat or a rino?
We need exports. Does he have another deal to bring in as much money (jobs, taxes)?
Retardo
There will never be peace when US defence companies can make $. Kinda ironic that everyone is fighting each other w/ US weapons
Umm - what kinda company can stay in business without making money? Not mine. Not yours. Wait - you don't own a company - obviously. @POTUS
oh cmon @RandPaul
Both Rands need to go fill throttle and EXPOSE what they really know about the activity on this planet and stop fucking around.
Because 100% of democrats pushing back on our elected POTUS wasn't enough...
Unbelievable
The Saudis shouldn't profit after the loss of American lives
American defense contractors and their employees
Good, #standwithrand
I wish he'd go sit down and sniff some glue
Now, now, Meghan and O'Reilly follower ....
