Putin's got you on the payroll too?   Ignorant hack.

Only if you and others were caught in incidental collection.  Talking to Russian spies eh Sen Rand?

Sober up, Randy.
You sound as drunk, delusional and repugnant as your namesake.  You have a problem, and we can all see it.
Get help.  #AA
STOP LYING
You're a Putin-loving traitor.
Get paranoid much.
Trying to help Conald out with tapped issues, huh?  Let's hear what they all had to say.  We've been told not to worry about privacy if good
Get real, Rand. What would you have to worry about?
Nixon did it. Who knows, some others presidents as well.
Do you have any evidence of this or is this more rumor-spreading?
It's all unprovable BS
That is all they have ever had.
If it weren't for alcohol abuse and bigotry, the modern GOP would not exist.
Are they paying you in rubles or dollars?
James Comey & Sr dem dianne feinstein have both stated there is NO evidence of Russian Trump collusion u need to get a grip
No, they didn't. It is U who need the grip.
In other news, a horrific healthcare bill is being forced on us. Why don't you look into that.
No, a horrible health care bill was forced on us 7 years ago.
All the people with actual pre existing conditions don't think it was horrible.
She is just another misinformed troll who never understood ACA as @Randpaul clearly doesn't. They don't even understand how insurance works!
If you are referring  to me as a she, you can't even get my gender right, why should anyone listen to u about healthcare?
It's clear you don't understand health insurance..your lack of knowledge makes your comments pure hyperbole. so very sad.
I understand health insurance, I have been paying for it 35 years, and it has doubled my premiums in 7 years.
Would you have passed a bill you didn't read?
I know you think it's cute to deflect from the disaster that is trump but Obama isn't president anymore.
Whats he done that's been a disaster?
Sad that you need to ask. Bye.
I would say yes #Dirtyrice leads to #BadRhodes eventually you end up at #ObamaGate bigger than #watergate  need Investigation
Fucking idiot.  Stop watching Fox.
Straight to the vulgarity. Stop watching Colbert.
Oooh you poor little delicate snowflake.
Your snow has melted #chickenlittleparty  has been reduced to a regional party ha ha 
You Trump supporters are having a hard time understanding what is really very simple: if you talk to Russians you get Intercepted. (1/2)
If the intercepted communication is relevant to an ongoing IC op or national security, 1 of only 20 NSA officials may approve unmasking you.
"Trump & his fans should be cautious, since it will be nearly impossible to prove that Rice did anything wrong."
No. But international allies have shared significant intelligence about Trump campaign collusion with Russia.
IDK... Are the rumors about #trumprussia true? Can you investigate if there is espionage in current admin before worrying about last one?
Yes. They need to be punished. Total abuse of power on Political opponents.
#distraction
Is my cat plotting to replace me? Is my vacuum cleaner bugged? Are the expiration dates on milk a secret government plot?
No. Worry about the current POTUS's ties to foreign $ and his *WEEKLY* golf trips that the tax payers foot the bill for. #CountryBeforeParty
Seriously petty little man
Dude, you worried?
did you fall on your head?
what is going on that no special con. Nor official inv. Of Uranium one. Mueller needs to resign. He was FBI @ that time
Stop deflecting, GOP.

If these people hadn't colluded with criminals, their identity wouldn't have been revealed legally by FISA warrant.
Circa isn't a news source, you opioid addled hillbilly- it's run by you pedopals from the Wash Times and Sinclair.
He's friends with John Podesta? Do they play dominoes on pizza together or hang out at Skippy's "hot dog" stand in Hawaii?
Trump can declassify this info for you in about 5 minutes, no need to conspire.
@GrrrGraphics get 'em Rand!
Time for Congress & the FBI to  enforce LAWS, no matter who. NO FREE PASSES for Elites. Proving intent is BS and is NOT Comey's job. #Fixit
Some point during the next few months will be very, very hard on you maga types once arrests start happening. I'd feel sorry for you... nah.
If they were talking to Russian spies like you, then yes. Stop clutching your pearls in faux righteous indignation.
It is truly amazing that someone as stupid as you was elected to the US Senate. Actually, no it isn't..#Graham #McConnell etc.
Anyone unmasked is talking to foreign entities. What are you trying to hide?
Sweet source, Senator.
U shud know corruption has an end, n that no mattr how u hide ur drty screts, it wil b exposd bcoz th truth s sacrd. Pres Obama s aboveUall.
That is so illegible!?!
Yes, yes he did.
I seen you blow Donald Trump on a golf course...
More BJ obsession from the libs. Bill Clinton really did leave quite a legacy there.
Is that an offer? If not...
You libs are disgusting!
You're the one offering strangers on the interweb... and I'm disgusting? What if I acted Presidential and grabbed em by the pussy? That's ok
The president set the new rules, as long as you have Tic Tacs in your mouth, it's all legal... ffs now locker room talk is unacceptable? Lol
This will be the worst presidental term in US history and Watergate will be all but forgotten.. Trump is destroying America
Obama illegally spies en masse, & Islamises US. Clinton sells & gives US secrets to the world, b,but 100 legal well executed days of Trump?
Is English your second language, Comrade?
Aw, isn't it special when Trump Trolls delete their tweets. Sorry @dmonreal I wasn't responding to you.
What more will it take until Obama and his administration are held accountable for all their  crimes? Big deal nothing ever comes of it
Yes they did and you should be pushing to get that info out. Expose Obama for the crook he is he hates America.
That's an interesting assessment. A US citizen who hates America so much he became president of it  
I know right? That's so stupid. But the narrative continues to get a rise out of the Tea Patriots. Am mad at BO but for other reasons.
It's fine to be mad at things he did. No president is above criticism. It's just hilarious how bad Trump is - he just blames Obama  
Like @BarackObama blamed bush for 7 years...... stop being #hypocrites
I don't ever remember Obama blaming anyone. Actually I'd love for you to show me ANY proof of that. Obama wasn't a complainer - like Trump
I, however, will blame Bush for the great recession AND the Iraq war mess. Those were devastating and still haunt us today.
I thought Obama was going to get us out of the Iraq war, close Guantanamo bay and not spend us into oblivion..... #oops
35,000 US citizens unmasked last year! Obama and Susan Rat Rice has lots of explaining to do!
If Trump people didn't want to be swept up, they shouldn't have been colluding with a hostile foreign government.
It's obvious they did. Subpoena susan rice. Why should she skate?
For what?
No they didn't. What Koolaid are you drinking or are you just trying to misinform your "fan club". You lack in morals and decency if so.

Try to distract all you like. There are currently THREE Fed Grand Juries on GOP/Trump/Russia/Laundering, I'm betting your name is in there.
I'm betting a majority of @GOP Are on there
I estimate about 20 GOP  (high level) actively involved. A fair few will be going to prison.
Diane Feinstein  stated yesterday (she is committee chair) that she has seen no evidence of any Russian collusion. What is your evidence?
No, they didn't. Next question: Did you vote to take health care away from millions of Americans? Yes, yes you did. 
Paul... you are out of your ducking mind....
How can we stop this atrocity of a healthcare bill now?
Pray the Senate has more sense and contact your Senators (by snail mail, email AND phone). Voice your concerns.
Of course they did. Obama makes Nixon look like a choir boy.
So Putin has kompromat on you too?  Otherwise, why would you be projecting this nonsense?
Was there something illegal going on that needed to be gone after? Don't worry - EVERYTHING is gonna be revealed.
No different than what any politician does!!
Foreign actors were being surveilled. USA definitely needs to know if citizens are acting on their behalf as spies.  Grow up, get smart.
This corruption needs to end and those involved need to go to jail !!!!!
Nobody should skate from this period.
Guilty much?
There is nothing that would surprise me about what anti-american obama did or is doing. This is what I see when obummer is mentioned 
I will bet that they surely did use surveillance on anyone who they deemed not on their team!
lol. Earlier i thought you were critiquing Trump. Lol dont know why i thought that. You were just perpetuating Trump 'theory'. Lol
Yes.
Rand... he is the only scandal free president remember??? Good grief
Let's just make up stuff. Maybe he was surveiling plumbers and department store workers as well?
Quit deflecting. Russia is interfering in our electoral process. We want it stopped. Do your job.
Is it really so hard to believe
I almost liked you till this.  They did not.  Quit blaming Obama.  All that is wrong with this country now is the fault of corporate greed.
Next stop. Federal prison
Paranoid  
Not if they have shown continual contact with foreigners that could impact state policy, YOU WORRIED?! You should be, this confirms it!
Investigate
Sen. Paul: You may want to ask your father to request info as well.
#dirtytrump. Follow the money, unless it leads to you? Trump has no scruples which seems to be a common denominator of GOP. Clean it up!
https://youtu.be/1pS92ONVte8 

 Can you say "RICO MAN"
YES, YES, YES!
@RandPaul Focus in the real issues, the GOP going after poor people, sick people, children and women. Or please... have a seat.
Did you ever think that maybe this was done because of criminal activity? Maybe Trump doesn't want to figure it out. Is he hiding something?
What's wrong Rand? Foot in mouth? If you aren't guilty, you have nothing to hide. Poor thing. 
Stay on this Senator? We know who is really covering up, who got caught on a live mike with Russian pres. plotting for his next term
We also know American secrets were stolen by foreign countrys for years under democrats in Presidents office?
Yes Yes Yes the OBama administration is an immoral, unethical and criminal enterprise
Another #fakechristian for putin / tRump
#MAGA. More Americans Getting Anxious
No.
Only the ones who were caught up with sleazy foreign nationals. Are you wondering where YOUR super PAC money came from? #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
If those ppl were conspiring with a foreign pwr to steal data, I hope so

That's what LE is supposed to do

No one is above the Law
You Trump and GOP supporters are in for a very rude awakening
According to Comey, no. Do you care about how Russia interfered in our election?
i agree with you
Of course they did but congress is afraid to prosecute them
I guess @SenJohnMcCain was right... your working with Russians ... lol .. sucks to get caught
As the late Andrew Breitbart used to say, "So?"  FIX MEDICAL CARE DELIVERY!
Haha!  Obama is the one with scruples.......what are you so worried about @RandPaul ?
Are you scared of something?!
Oh so scared, we're All Going To Die, and you're so affected. 
#DemocrapsLostTheyMinds 
#DemocrapsDumberThanDirt
Wow. Russia. Interference and possibly collusion. And you want to deflect?
"Oh, look, a squirrel!"
Yes & somebody needs to be accountable. No wonder Obama gave so many agencies freedom to "share" info. Try to cover up
ONLY IN THE SICK MINDS OF PEOPLE LIKE JONES AND RAGS LIKE BRIEBART. ARE YOU ALSO GETTING YOUR INFO FROM FAKE NEWS AND PSYCHOS???
If said individuals were talking with Russian spies in order to undermine the US constitution, then yes, the IC was likely listening in.
Um, DUH!
Again, stop spreading #FakeConspiracies #DoYourJob instead of running off at the mouth
Yes he did
Why don't you ask the old guy you golfed with a couple weeks ago? He has all the Intel. Glad to have helped! 
Rand, hire some ex-IC operative to expaln how this intell stuff works and stop making a fool of yourself. It's embarrrassing. U'r a senator!
Plenty of Republicans were charged with corruption but you know that.
Rand you are not at all your father!  You will never get my vote now!
Paranoid much? 
No, why do you ask?
Trump won't understand half of the big words in that article. Maybe Ivanka can rewrite it for him? She's really good at paraphrasing.
Most #GOP members of Congress are completely afraid to ask your question Rand....and you know why! #MAGA #TrumpRussia #POTUS
Please get to the bottom of this and expose the individuals directly responsible.
What does your gut and brain tell you?
Only if they may have committed crimes. Did you?
Joan Rivers!
#MichaelObamaTransgender
Yes why else would obummer make it easier to access info& surveillance without warrant.
@RandPaul Demand the release of ALL the names unmasked & take it from there!
That's a sleazy question!  Where's the proof?
yep
Completely screwed up!
FAKE NEWS. I think you forgot that this was a lie Trump told to stop people from investigating his collusion with Russia.  R u involved?
Time for a minor tweetstorm on the issue of SIGINT "unmasking" since #TeamDeza is pushing nonsense again to deflect from #KremlinGate /1
Did they record my call to hot Russian singles and unmask me?
Rand appears to be off of his anti anxiety meds these days ehh?
Yes.
Thank you Mr. Paul!
Yes yes yes without a doubt - he's a slimeball to this country
Yed
SHUT UP!
As @SenJohnMcCain already explained, you work for @PutinRF.  Anything you say is cyrillic to true #Patriots. #KremlinGate
Ask the FBI or NY AG. Or how about this...a independent investigation.
Top Tips dont ask Twitter ask the FBI
Someone sounds very nervous. Guilty much?
No but our President that we have now sure has
Most likely.
Hey Rand...I love ya kid but u need to work your magic over in the senate. We'll get back to this one.. Alright... Call me! #Trump2020
I hope he did!  why are you worried???
Your involvement in #TrumprussiaCollusion will be out soon.
No, Randy.
One golf outing with Trum is all it took...now you follo him like a puppy...
It sure looks like it.  They sabotaged @berniesanders and won #Sanctuarycity states thru illegal alien #Voterfraud. Spying easy.
go get em Rand!

Paranoid?..... loser.. sad
Nope. That would be Herr Trump
No. It didn't. 

Next question
How is Russia attacking our way of life? Aren't radical Muslims more of an attack on our way of life? Orlando, San Bernadino, Fort Hood...
These paid liberal Soros' bots need to get real jobs and stop bitching about everything.
Answer: no.  Now go worry about what the current President is doing instead of exercising hatred of the black one
Have you not heard?  PARANOIA WILL DESTROY YA.
I can't believe you are one of our Senators. Sad 
Go after those sons a bitchs
Why wouldn't you want an investigation in the corruption of our govt? No one that's not involved should have a problem with finding truth.
Our Intel agencies told u what has been done. Why wouldn't u want that investigated &prosecuted? Do u have something 2 hide? Seems like it.
Is it because when its all said and done, the truth will be that the GOP stole their seats too? Its evident. We didn't overwhelmingly vote 4
A Democratic president but fill our houses w/repubs.Didn't happen. We're finding it,county by county. Votes were stolen, kinda flip flopped
Thatc sound familiar to you? Tick tock
Get rid of the mechanisms for doing this again.
I think you meant Trump...
Republicrats cant have enough spying tools!
Let's find out Senator how deep this went.
At last you're young & wont die in jail. You will be a few years older though!
Republicans need to eliminate the infighting and unite together with @realDonaldTrump-You're the MAJORITY,Utilize it!!
#GOP an opportunity to get many conservative issues completed-they don't vote in blocs like the dems-20 didn't support the health care act
Right!! 
We need a list of those 20 that didn't...
Wow! Are you a Russian spy too?
Probably I pray you are not involved with the traitors who are violating the Goldwater act
LOL  If Obama had all this power to surveille, entrap, coerce, etc., I can't believe he couldn't get world peace.
Trigger words for GOP snowflakes.  .
Obama
Soros
HILLARY!
Email....
Deep State
Rice
Unmasking....

Paulies spinning won't distract Comey
Nope, probably just you and the other GOP traitors who helped to install Trump. Indictments coming soon. Time to lawyer up.
If you don't have the balls to say Obama did don't hide behind framing it in a question. No one looked at your sorry.
Is Sen. @RandPaul still an unwitting member of team @PutinRF & @realDonaldTrump s #TeamTreason or does he do it on purpose? #Trumprussia
No.  Who cares about Obama? 
https://goo.gl/KfMnWx 
AHCA: The Impact of the New Health Care Proposal on Veterans
It's really true! People like @potus @RandPaul @jeffsessions & @vp all were "wedgie" victims. Even Glenn Beck thinks all are fucking crazy!
You know they didn't.
Did @RandPaul  sell his soul to the special interest grps, insurance companies, #faux45 & the DEVIL? Oh forgot, #faux45 is the Devil!
Rand has become a flying monkey for DT.
Of course he did.  But Seriously...  Will anyone actually do anything about it??
You're trying to defend your golf  buddy Trump. I want you to remember no one is above the law. You're a traitor too.
Out of the blue, just like DT, Rand starts throwing out these strange tweets to gas light America!
- short answer .. yep.
Stop your whining.
Has @RandPaul fallen into the Republican fever swamp of conspiracy?  Or has he always been there?
Sir, if they did are we the people expecting action? We're in doubt! 
Why are you asking twitter?
Did @RandPaul get voted out because he refused to investigate the biggest treason scandal in US history? #Trumprussia
Seriously Rand, if you want your party to survive the Death Panels you just inflicted on US better fight for country right now not party
must be hard up for a job, following Chaffetz and Nunes into oblivion?
Aquabuddah making you paranoid again, Jethro? Already proven he didn't go after Derpy-D either.  Grow up.
.@RandPaul No. You're welcome. Now go back to governing and #DoYourJob
Face it Rand. You're irrelevant.
Of course.
Yet, nothing will be done about it.
People kind of like you. You have a chance to maybe get nominated but you need to stop this bullshit or your no better then Trump
Hmm was trump surveiled while committing treason? How dare they
Nervous, much?
Embarrassing what's going on... I got faith in you @realDonaldTrump @jeffsessions bannon and @tedcruz to get it  http://www.rightsidenews.com/editorial/us-opinion-and-editorial/fact-sheet-clintons-cash/ …
Um, no. #Delusional
