Tax cuts 4 all! Enough class warfare gov and it's out of control spending and salaries and rediculous pensions are to blame! We must cut gov
I thought you were supposed to be a conservative. This bill is far from conservative. Balloons the budget to give tax cuts to rich. Sad
I believe you, @randpaul, because you promised to repeal and replace Obamacare.  Oh, wait.....nevermind....
SINGLES pay the same real estate taxes, energy costs for the home, insurance, etc--we deserve a TAX CUT not a HIKE.
Then look at the #FairTax
Funny shit genius 

Maybe you can ask someone to read Fairtax fine print to you...

S l o w l y

http://Fairtaxgoofy.blogspot.com 
But only the rich will..even though economic inequality has never been worse & it might cause the irreversible collapse of civilization. 
Speaking of this #GOP plan that raises taxes on poor, lower&middle-class families! #WeThePeople #fairtax #LNC #tlot
Imagine if the DNC hadn't rigged the Primary and raised Trump as their Pied Piper. We might be headed towards sanity instead of certain doom
And deport these damn illegals on tv demanding rights and benefits from us!
Repeal and replace Sen Rand Paul
I employ Rand to support any tax cuts.   Must have faith as Pres Reagan did, lower taxes for all will spur economic growth and prosperity.
Hope you vote for our tax cuts and don't bail out like you did on health care. Your reasoning was  really lame!
THESE TAX CUTS ARE FOR THE MIDDLE CLASS! I have changed my mind about you! YOU, LIKE MCCAIN, ARE JUST OUT TO OBSTRUCT PRESIDENT! SHAME!!!
Thank you. Please stop trump
Cutting taxes has proven in the past that our economy increases and benefits become quickly in place for all people that are working.
Where's your ideas grandstander. Vote out this fraud
Like McCain, you can't take TRUMP BEAT YOU!
We would prefer to be called the "Hard Working Americans". We don't need class of people.
So you’ll be sponsoring tax legislation that actually provides tax cuts for working families, unlike Trump’s pile of manure?
Trump needs to be stopped.
I hope you run for president again

Retweet! AWAN PAKASTANI SPY RING IN CONGRESS IN COURT TOMORROW FRIDAY 10/6/17!!!
https://twitter.com/GeorgWebb/status/916080780782329858 …
Stop this crap!! We're not stupid! Help the middle class!
What's a few dollars off taxes when health care costs will go up $20,000?
I was already paying 25% tax rate. No middle class tax cut for us. At least cut ours to 20% and upper class to 28%
Our federal government is a very inefficient investor of capital to help its citizens.  This has been proven time and time again -much waste
Yeah, by cutting corporate taxes so our employers prosper.
Do not take my real estate  tax deduction  away
Hell. We don't even pay taxes in Puerto Rico.
@FairTax.com This is the simplest tax plan. Get rid of our income based tax system.
Only if there are spending cuts to go along with it...
Yet they increased military defense spending
Or gun control, but what ever, remember dead people can't vote.
Trying to make up for the disaster to the Am ppl on healthcare??
ASAP!!!!!!!!
More Mien kampf trump &Repug;s bullshit!Got your H.C. covered of working poorWhy you all don't give Rats ass!Plus fat salaries&goldenpension
sounds like 31% of regular folk will pay more.. I make 150K a year and cant afford a home for me and my family! NOT FAIR !
U are really too much! Libertarian? Selfishtarian dressed up as a political party
Rand Paul you left out that tax cuts for working families MUST be for those that pay taxes. #SupportRandPaul
#StandWithRand
Why should the rich get richer, poor get poorer and middle class is stagnant
And if you can't get this done you should get out. You work for us. We  are waiting , the middle class has been lied to and raped
And tax payer forgiveness for being over taxed all of these years ... and stop giving us something and taking it away from some other place
You are all talk and no vote!
We’ll talk to Ryan. He’s not close.
Well stop talking and get it done.
Senator EVERYBODY must pay the exact same percentage of their income in taxes to be fair. Taxation for social engineering must stop.
Bravo! We need a flat tax and abolish the IRS.
Pass anything.  GOP Senators are welfare recipients.  Total #deadbeats
I’d settle for no tax cuts if we could only get a government that actually works instead of arguing with the other party.
2% increase on lowest earners.
Mid class rate 25% corp rate 20%
6% tax on small investor capital gains
Seniors and singles play more.
First priority is to get the career liberal and Russian Loyalist out of our WH. Country and party are being sacrificed for a man's ego.
Republicans must be gotten rid of and replaced with true conservatives.
The Repub party lied 2 its constituents and is a failed organization full of corruption. Like the libs, they are only concerned about #1
Sorry Senator, but you Republicans can't deliver a stale pizza from Domino's!
GOP spineless coward in bed with leftist agendas Obamacare light, tax enslaving scam. Abolish the 16th amendment!!!
where is your priority for a balanced budget
And Healthcare!
That’s not what you and the complicit #GOP propose much like booting millions of Americans of healthcare.
Why can't @RandPaul just go AWAY
I'm not going to hold my breath #ReplaceMcConnell
I want to be correct but Senator Paul you and your cronies are full of shit, Reagan needs to be forgotten and the wealthy pay their share.
They better it will be voted out American taxpayers not amused No taxation without representation is very true now
Do it Senator. Don't talk about it.
.Not a chance! Unless it is done inadvertently within a complicated tax bill.
Ever look at the flat tax again?
Middle class always on the waiting list.
"Working Families" wink wink
No tax cuts unless you balance the budget and start paying down the debt.  No more debt ceiling increases. Period.
By not repealing O care & if you do not pass a tax plan among other things is text book legal justification for insurrection!
Perhaps this is why the criminals in our gov esp the @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems want ppl's gun, they could care less about mass shooting
Rand, here's the best tax cut for working families!!!!!
Agreed, unfortunately you RINO's won't support it or vote for it. You showed your colors on the h-care bill. Sanders / Paul ticket in 2020.
Rand wouldn't surprise me if you voted against
It's not in the bill. No increase in the deficit please!
GET TO WORK OR WE WILL FIRE YOU, NO RE-ELECTION.
Want to reduce taxes? Cut the pay of Cngrss and Senate members, gt rid of pork barrel programs and reduce bureaucracy. You will never do it.
I think you're on to something Rand! Hillary lost because she didn't understand. Families w/ children need more $, 1k mo. food alone fam o 7
Then you will need to rewrite the law being proposed. Otherwise u would b a hypocrite.
Oh yeah, YOU should have done health care reform, but NO.
Those cuts will be meaningless for working people and you know it. Lets hear the numbers
Needed more than ever since y'all failed us on healthcare
Your plan does not do that. And balloons debt. Is this what you call fiscal responsibility?
Raise taxes on the rich now.
And Obamacare repeal OH WAIT
They do but it will not happen till the swamp is drained
Bump Stocks are total bullshit Rand, all AR7's become machine guns total failure of our Senate to allow that crap!! FIX THIS BEFORE TAX CUTS
Then stop being an obstructionist
You all campaigned on it. Healthcare,  strike One!
They must deliver for us tax payers or they’ll be out! @realDonaldTrump @benshapiro @DineshDSouza @AnnCoulter @larryelder @AllenWest
Senator, Repubs better start getting together, reaching across isle and doing something
Cutting tx for small biz is great for the cntry =s  upper class receive lion share benefit cuz they pay lion share of the tax.  Get onboard.
Republicans do nothing, independent conservatives will stay home after being deceived by McCain, McConnell and Ryan.
flat tax. probelm solved
Republicans should pass real tax reform
The #FAIRtax will #MTFA with REAL #TaxReform. Lower the tax burden on ALL households spending < $100k. Learn how http://www.nber.org/papers/w11831.pdf … 
Get on it!
The party of thieves and fake Christians??  Try again.
Please do, on behalf of my daughter's future. Libertarians must unite
Yet you will be voting against them.
Sm Biz is dying due to a few Inet companies. Please create a bill that will allow states to tax all Inet transactions. <regret it already,
Good luck. We need the relief from taxes. Even when the FAKE NEWS and OBSTRUCTIONIST DEMS wont admit that. God Bless America #MAGA
Tax cuts as proposed are primarily for the very wealthy.  Is that bow you identify?
Unfortunately it will never happen.
Guns guns guns guns  gun reform gun reform gun reform now now now
The daily caller????
Working families with incomes well under $300,000 The real middle class. #StopTaxingMeMoreThanLargeCorporations #ProtectSmallBiz

If you adults can't work together we will fire you and vote you out
Republicans must also Repeal and Replace Obama Care AND Build a WALL  !!
How about giving a tax break for senior citizens as well? We need it, living on social security and still paying taxes.
And what r u Sen.? U belong to a different party? What is time for is drain the swamp to get rid of swamp rats.
I have grown to really like you and hope you will run for President again. Maybe Nikki Haley for VP.
That was his great father and patriot Ron Paul that ran for president.
Focus on this: CHIP renewal, Aid for disaster zones  and sensible law safety laws. That’s what we want, not your tax cuts for rich.
You are inhuman.   You want to save the unborn child, great but then you let funding laps for the Children's Health Program.    Shameful
How about the big fat Wall???
Or just scrap the current code and come up with something fair for all. The current plan doesn’t do that.
Will you be there for them?
And military gun control
 you comrade
Just what does that mean?  The more I work the more you want me to pay.  And what do you consider middle class in $'s?
Yes, Republicans need to be honest and deliver a real plan for tax cuts to middle and low income families, NOT millionaires & billionaires.
Republicans need to delivery many promises tired of lies! Term limits!
The Fair Tax!  Let's do it!!!!!
Sure the working class need the estate tax repealed lol
And controll miliarty gun sell,
the problem is what’s considered middle class in ny is considered well 2do in middle America. Need a healthy balance
It is just for the rich guys.. Us poor guys have to pay for it..
must put money hands of people not just the rich normal  people spend money rich accumulate money that doesn't flow kills an economy
Stop talking about it and geterdone
And they must #repealObamacare as well. But they didn’t
How come I feel like my taxes are going to go up
You don’t care about working families. You’re despicable
Dream on- it will only be for the rich- promise you will treat this legis the same way u did healthcare!
I sure hope you mean the middle class Senator. We are the ones hurting.
Fair Tax does that and more
Republicans must deliver tax reform.... because Rand Paul won't 
But they won't... Damn RINOs care more about undermining Trump than working families
It's just too soon to talk about taxes!
You mean those "working families" that make more that $500k a year? #Hypocrite
I'm sure you and McCain will screw it up! But keep Grandstanding that's what you do best
Right now, the less Republican do, the better off this country will be.  Why don't you all resign?
Yes I agree, but why can't we do away with the income tax and develop a flat tax. One for Corporations and one for individuals ?
How about safety for working families? Gun control now.  Don’t be a moron.
u n the senate must deliver tax reform, growth, jobs, n prosperity for all americans. pls set aside ur ego n work for the people. pls. after 7 yrs of promises, u n the senate's failure to repeal obamacare is pathethic, no matter what ur excuses r.
Deliver something for heavens sake
Don’t betray USA, get best deal you can get, get it signed.  No deal means America suffers with no changes, just like stuck w/ O care
You need to stop these GOP’s from taking our state and property taxes.
Now we have stop abortion totally at any age except for the life of the mother
Teal tax breaks for middle class!
Says the man that kept Obamacare.
Republicans are trying to get rid of middle class. Ultra rich and very poor. The America they are striving for. How does that look 
You talk the talk,talk is cheap
If you take away deductions that the blue collar middle class workers use it is not a tax cut.
Republicans must deliver anything you won't object to.
Should we hold our breath?
Yeah right!  Just not in their DNA. Tax cuts for the wealthy? Now, that’s a different story.
Why don’t we just vote for our tax plans, that way we will choose precisely what works for everyone
Unless a couple of Repubs follow your lead and block it
Rand u need to get behind something!
Rand do your dam job
Then do something
and it should not require a quid pro quo of reduced top rate taxation.
You're a waste. Get out of the conversation. GOP and Conservative voters don't want you now. Enjoy your last term.
Working families just to let you know doesn't mean rich cronies
Nice to confirm what kind of person or doctor??? you are by where you choose to get and give information= daily caller. 1/
2/ no surprise there even from an “educated man” BTW. Education and intelligence have different definitions
Sir, what we need, is an assault weapons ban. Can we talk about that yet?
You can stop now. The tax cuts are for the wealthiest 1% and real Americans know it. #taxshenanigans #LiarInChief
Let's not forget singles who pay the brunt of it
Respectfully Sir....thix tax "cut" is going to be an increase for me (Middle class family in NJ)
Then Vote yes!
That would be a first for him
Better yet work on #GunControlNow and #MakeAmericaSafeAgain
I understand Kasich, Graham, McCain...they flat out lied. You had the same 8 years to come up with a plan. Yet, still here we are with Ocare
I called and emailed you with a plan. You said "not my constituent". So we still have no repeal or alternative. Glad you give a shit.
Current proposal raises taxes substantially on millions of middle class families.
by definition, tax cuts help working families. They also happen to help rich people. Its almost like taxes are based on a percentage.
Tax cuts for working families hahahaha, You all work for the 1 percent not us
#
Tax cuts or child credits?  Kind of makes a difference. How's that repeal coming?
Hey Paul thank you for getting McConnell reelected..how's that working out?
But I suppose you'll argue and not accomplish anything-AGAIN?
@SenateMajLdr Must be removed-he has NO BALLS!Almost 300 Bills passed in House stuck in Senate-need 51 votes to pass NOW!Keep Sen.in session
Main word working families not big Corp not wealthy and this plan is not that! Trickle down never trickles you know that to! So stop lying
Exactly
Repubs must stand for those who elected them...not illegal aliens, Refugees....we r 20tril in debt...BAD..get our physical house in order
What gets cut cause wealthy /corporations get tax cut?  The little bit you might save working families is nothing in comparison!
Sen Paul - u r right so make the middle class the priority rather than the wealthy or special interests ... FOR ONCE!!!
JUST DO IT!  We need a break especially because of insurance premiums and deductibles!!  Don't fail us!!!
In fact you must NOT pass tax cuts for billionaires. Trickle down is horse piss.
But not for billionaires.
Oh that 1% that are working so hard to rip off the middle class?
