We're praying that you guys can come up with way to make ins more affordable until OBAMACARE MONSTER can be repealed.Catastrophic policy?
That's the only insurance I'm looking for.
Always thought health ins was designed to be used for emergencies. Car ins does not cover gas, maintenance, tires-would be too expensive!
Something REALLY WRONG with a system when people that pay nothing get head-to-toe healthCARE &people that pay most can't afford to see dr!
That's why I have a do not resuscitate and life insurance. We pay cash as we go and made our peace with death...
That catastrophic insurance is only if my husband doesn't hear from me & the police have to break down the door and I get...
Shipped off to the hospital to cover the basics.
You are too funny! But it really is a shame that people could lose house or savings as result of medical emergency!
You &Mien kampf trump have plan 2 fill your bank accounts!Pay 2 Play weekends $3Mill!Plus your airfairs sucking SS dry!Rent them golf carts!
That should have been done already, Trump exposed the DC swamp creatures now the people know who to primary out. YOUR OUT
Association health plans just allow people to self select with other healthy people while eliminating the sick form their risk pools.
Ummm...yeah, I hope so.  Voluntary self-selection is a rather important hallmark of a free society. #Liberty
The hallmark of America's employer purchased health insurance system  is a concentration camp for sick people.
Regardless, IMHO, allowing anybody to associate with whomever they wish - incl economically - is a cornerstone of liberty.
Getting cancer and being rejected by your friends and coworkers who want to avoid your medical bills is not Liberty
So using govt coercion to pay for your friends' & coworkers' medical cost is somehow virtuous?  Some call it legalized theft.
And don't attend any open air concerts in Las Vegas unless you have your own money to pay your medical bills
Back to the 1800's.
Politicians have convinced the public that they can't survive without BIG GOV!Most of money sent to DC does not benefit AM taxpayers at all!
No-you fix and make ACA better OR you put forth a Bipartisan Health Bill that helps ALL Americans
Here's breaking news: US Citizen get jobs and pay their own bills after all Welfare programs are deemed non eligible for healthy 18 - 60.
I agree, this is after all what all GOP crooks boasted they would do 8 years now!
What's POTUS waiting for then?
Agreed... Repeal.... Then leave it alone . Government screws up the VA badly enough.
#StandWithRand. Thank you Rand were not budging no more Obamacare-lite Bills ....
Repeal  and replace @RandPaul
@RandPaul so when God makes you king, I guess GOP will pass bills until then you are ok with being #deadbeats ?
The middle class will be left holding the bag.
The middle class will get screwed out of tax cuts and healthcare while 1% and our congress will keep living large.
FU. Loser and I have my own insurance 
Amen
Keep pushing Senator. I hope Cruz and Cornyn are supporting 100% behind this still.
Not trusting what anybody says down there anymore. But hope Trump has a friend somewhere.
We'll do something! The Middle Class is being looted while D.C. Does nothing! Squat! #maga
Yes! Full repeal and then a switch to free market healthcare.  This is also what @AP4Liberty is fighting for.
Meanwhile, on "Planet Paul," Rand (who can't count) has a plan! 
then put a plain and simple repeal forward.  You can do it.  No need to wait for others.
Rino's don't want to hear it.  They feel they have a huge role in healthcare.
With DEMs and REPs concentrating power in DC, step by step, repeal seems unlikely. They continue to fail the US, miserably with MORE DEBT,
Yes please!
Who the hell is going to do that among the Senate? Who the hell?
Get it done. Americans are watching and paying attention. Also we will be voting. Keep your promises
How about eliminating the root problem, which is that we have 
you, the Donald and the GOP running things?
Poor Rand, did he forget that Obamacare Repeal didn’t happen? The republicans now own Obamacare.
#AssociationHealthPlans Yes! Self-employed folks are behind @RandPaul. Little guys will finally be able to #BandTogetherforLowerRates
Stop running your mouth @RandPaul and introduce your own bill. Kentucky is going to get rid of you and McConnell both.
Repeal 100%.  The Constitution does not speak of the govt providing, mandating, or selling healthcare.  Restore Liberty!
You should start paying attention to the wishes of the majority of us, Americans. We don't want repeal full or partial
@RandPaul so when is your full repeal bill of Obama Care going before Congress?
but what will you replace it with???

Repeal and replace  should have been done 6 months ago.
Rand you are a fake Republican. You are an obstacle.  Be part of the solution not part of the problem.
Stand firm in complete repeal so Congress folks cannot use ACA politically again.
Been waiting 7 years will SOMEONE PLEASE get off their ass and do something
Apparently this current congress is incapable of doing that.
Do what you promised. Repeal.
Amend Amend Amend Amend they did the Constitution!!!! =
This and sensible gun control is why you will never be president
And we will suffer with all Obamacare until I get my way.
Free enterprise & competition among insurers. Don't mess with those already insured by employer. Poverty level or less qualifies for Mcaid.
Praying that we get rid of the RINOs and teplace them with America and American   loving Republicans or Libertarians!
Wow! Hey lady, why don't you just keep collecting your social security checks, "mooching" off of medicare and just hush up! We all  America
1 - evie is a #bot
2 - some of us have paid into #medicare since inception.
3 - that's not mooching
4 - gop using funds for war is mooching
Blah blah blah blah blah!!!!
Why don't u give up your superior tax payer funded health coverage? Obamacare not good enough for you and your tax payer funded staff ??
You had it.  You couldn't pass it.  Our countries representatives are supposed to get it together.  You say no.
No one wants to work with my way or highway. Obstruction against American people
Sorry Rand, we had that, constantly rising cost and uncontrolled drug cost.  Monopolies are not the consumers friend.
Competition & free market?  Wow, what a concept.  It almost sounds like the principles of the foundation of the country.
@RandPaul @POTUS Where is your plan, Senator Paul? Please post it so we can look at it and analyze it. Thank you!
What's stopping you? I mean, besides common sense and reality of the situation, what is stopping you? 
Anthem premium Northern Calif Bronze plan raised from $469 to $729/mo for 2018. Plus Drs here won’t even take Covered CA insurance
Don't worry. Trump said you can buy insurance across state lines from your beloved Alabama. He fixed healthcare on day one! MAGA!
Is Rand Paul the only one trying to keep his promise?
Yes. Most of the others have realized that repeal is a terrible idea.
Come up with a plan then!
This guy is a pos
The dead horse is pretty much beaten to a pulp. Citizens have right to choose to spend their tax money on something that helps them, not 1%!
Another attack on affordable healthcare (=ACA) by Rand Paul, in his quest to serve the wealthy at cost of voters! Dump Rand next election!
Thank you, thank you, thank you!  Open competition makes our country greater.  Should be about patient care not insurance co. profits.
Yes, PLEASE!
They already tried that.
And you should get same insurance you want the public to have , I'm sure would change your tune
Oh my God you're dumb. Congress offers their own health insurance to protect their members. It's an employee benefit. You can get one too.
Just give up Rand, republicons are never gonna repeal the goal now is to stop Sander care
REPEAL & REPLACE RAND PAUL & WIPEOUT THE ENTIRE GOP IN 2018 THAT IS OUR ONLY SOLUTION
Replace Rand Paul for Socialism/Communism? Not a good choice, thank you, No!
We've already been infiltrated and the CIC takes directives from Putin & cant condemn Putin for anything Russia owns Trumps deals
This is backed by noone. Just set @randpaul and @SenSanders off in a room somewhere because neither version of their healthcare is happening
We need to fix Obamacare ! Repealing is a waste of time . I am a republican
Pitching it into the rubbish bin IS fixing it.
Medicare for all! Healthcare should be a right!
So if you're a doctor you don't mind officials kicking your door open drag you out of home to work because Im sick hv & right to Healthcare?
Stand for Rand : )
Paul back beating a dead horse so dumb!!!
The difference between Libs and conservatives is Libs are willing to takes decades, inch by relentless inch, getting their destructive way.
Ha! So true. We can play same game if need be, only we'll take two or more inches. We all hv to Stand for Rand and encourage all others too!
Old people and uneducated rurals and rusties think they have a chance. Sad!
Say Russian bots and East Coast trolls
Russians are bright. You are no Russian, just a mediocre middle American.
I happen to be an outstanding middle American. I never said Russians weren't bright. Russian bots, I can't vouche for.
Mediocre.
Buzz click? Ping! Squeak! (For the viewers at home, I’m speaking to it in ‘bot’ lingo.)
Keep conservatism alive, Doctor Paul.
The only way to do that is to replace the fake Republicans in the Senate w/Tea Party and Bannon/Mercer conservatives.
