You still can't get the job done after 7 yrs. WOW SAD
So disappointed on no new Healthcare reform.  I will not have any choice in Ohio for options to choose from. Sucks for me.
I'm happy you helped kill it even if I don't agree with all of your reasons. Now the legislative process can work as intended.
Work it out, Rand.....many American's are counting on you and GOP getting rid of this disastrous Obamacare, we need relief badly.....
So disappointed in you and I promise to work very hard to get your ass out of there 
Promise to work as hard just to protect hum  from your American rear end
Your blocked
... The People want this Bill passed to move forward ... Please reconsider VOTING YES
No change. Why defend yourself further. Enough tine wasted. Lets see if u can vote for tax reform. Watching and waiting
Get on board! NO bailout which will be next
If you abandon ppl w. #preexistingconditions ,vets,seniors, those on Medicaid re: #GrahamCassidy, we will vote you out! #KillTheBill #Nov18
.The bill has PREEXISTING COVERAGE! ugh!
NO, it fines people with preexisting conditions in order for them to get coverage EXAMPLE: $6000 per yr surcharge for #diabetes. UGH
.No that's not right
For @RandPaul its ONLY about $$$; doesn't care about ppl AT ALL
He wants zero Medicaid Expansion and zero subsidies for buying insurance.
#SupportRandPaul
Smh
you realize the only people thanking you are democrats right? Support our Presidents agenda. What is wrong with you?
So Republicans treat their constituents like Dems treat blacks - toe the party line. NO! G-C is terrible legislation. #SupportRandPaul
Can't thk you enough for saying NO to the horrible bill the GOP tried to rush thru! @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @LindseyGrahamSC @VP @FLOTUS
Rand Paul a man of principles. He does not use polls to determine his stand on legislation. What he believed 20 years ago, he believes today
Now clear you are also on Soros payroll.

Your clean-repeal FAILED in July

Now you are against the only achievable 1st step?

Et tu, Brute?
Just REPEAL OBAMACARE 1st

When you guys get more Senators in 2018 Midterms, you can make the Bill as Conservative as you want!
They don't want more senators- Republicans want to lose the majority on purpose. It's becoming pretty obvious.
Your way or no way doesn't work. Vote to get healthcare out of Washington by supporting Graham/Cassidy bill. Give Americans needed relief!
And stop the ACOS from stealing valuable healthcare dollars.
Please reconsider and vote yes. This mess is absolutely ridiculous and you people have your word.
Don't let her take your big moment away. Vote no. U will b a hero 2 libertarians everywhere.
Thanks Rand. Obamacare stays because of you.
you all have failed the American people
Remove the Obamacare punishment/mandate in the tax bill. People either can't afford O'care or some have NO INSURERS. Not fair.
Rand please step up support our president
Why? Trump does not support him. Paul is not GOP; he's libertarian. He is for the constitution not POTUS. Vote no like a textualist would.
Nor do I rand is about rand he will never vote for any bill unless it's his bill
If you do not vote for this bill, Will Ocare die on its own? If NO then maybe you should reconsider your vote.
I don't always agree w @RandPaul but he is standing tall at seeking his changes becuz the current form is nothing close to repeal &replace
the problem is "replace with what" ?? we just "replace one bad system with another bad system" ... Insurance Companies are NOT the answer
Gov't interference with health care is the problem, not the solution.
an idea to ponder
No time, I was flooded. Free market health care has more innovation, etc. B4 gov't intervention ppl had more $ 2 give to charity hospitals
I understand , sorry man , you around Houston ???
yes. thanks.
Thank you for saving us.  There is not any reason to pass a bad bill. Obamacare needs tobe repealed and let the free market take over.
It's a start. We all want to abolish ACA but congress won't do it.
I guess 100% Obamacare is better then only 90%. All the campaign about repeal was just words.
Stop trying 2 make him lose his heroic moment 2 b like his dad. He will b a hero 2 libertarians if he sticks 2 his guns on this.
I will vote NO on any republican who votes NO on repeal &replace. RandPaul & TedCruz NO on any presidential run. McCain &Collins NO surprise
I don't understand how @RandPaul can sleep at night if he signs a bill which doesn't guarantee coverage for ppl with pre-existing condition?
Wonder how any in Congress can sleep knowing they are stealing $$$ from future elderly, poor and children for current Welfare/Warfare State
Wont argue with that. The reason they can is:most of them are corrupt sociopaths with no principles or vision beyond maintaining the racket
@GOP REPEAL OBAMINATIONCARE NOW. Then Congress can TAKE FOREVER to implement a new plan. 
Congrats. You saved the worst piece of legislation in US history. You must be so proud.
Thank you for your leadership to continue to search for solutions on health care.
Can't afford Obama's crap? You will be fined April 15th. Thanks, Rand!
Vote yes, need your vote and Alaska to do this. It covers preexisting, even though millions weren't dying before Bama care.
I'm @randpaul I'm taking a principled stand against #GrahamCassidy  Oops! Did I say that? Spend less & loosen some regs I'm all for it. Doh!
Go away liberals
Not a Liberal. Just fed up with Mr. Grandstand @RandPaul  I may lighten up if he actually votes Yes on #GrahamCassidy
Ah! 
Praying for a miracle by end of this weekGOP HAS to get healthcare done. Praying God's wisdom on this.
.What are you trying to do? Make citizens suffer?  WHY THE HELL WASN'T THERE A REPLACEMENT THE DAY TRUMP TOOK OFFICE?!
As usual, a number of Repubs are clamoring for perfection as a price 4 their vote. If this vote fails, the next OCare vote will be a bailout
NO! Let Obamacare die naturally since we can't get a clean repeal. Dems & MSM demand health care to be a right. Are you a Dem? #FreeMarkets
I truly do respect you for standing for principle. But in the long run you are not doing ME or my family any good. #NotStandingWithRand
Nothing but full repeal #gop @RandPaul @tedcruz @SenateGOP Cassidy is still tying your tails to Obamacare not worth keeping
BOOOOOOO Graham/Cassidy at least made an OPENING TO Fix things along the way! 
BOOOOOOOO
Senator The People Want REPEAL AND REPLACE !! Go CAUCUS With Cassidy
Please LETS MAKE A DEAL ! 
REPEAL AND REPLACE
Pass the bill!
yes kill the whole thing!
Those who vote against health care revisions don't ive by Ocare $$$$/lack of care.Typical phony politicians @SenTedCruz @SenSusanCollins
MAGA 2020 goes Trump Trump Trump. Whoever dosnt follow his lead will get repealed and replaced period.  We the ppl.
Hey Paul if you dont follow Trumps lead come next yr your Fired. MAGA 2020 Trump and thats a fact, no matter who runs against him they loose
Blah blah blah you all are #EpicFail epic ... keep yourself in the blame Rand .. #yourefired <<--- all @GOP
If I wanted your opinion I would have asked for it! Get a fucking clue!
Grahm Cassidy is better then doing nothing, and when the chance for reconciliation expires, what will you do against a filibuster?
Sore losers @RandPaul  @SenJohnMcCain & @tedcruz & challenged @SenSusanCollins & angry @lisamurkowski WE THE PEOPLE DEMAND YES VOTE! @GOP
U voted to keep O Care. We will NEVER forget the betrayal
Come on Rand be a man for once stop thinking of your donners and do what you said you would do for voters.we wont forget if you fail us.
I may not be famous but I have a brain. Gov't can fund primary 4 all cit.& we buy insurance + riders 4 surgery, cancer, drugs, catastrophic
You're a gleaming, positive example why Senators & Representatives must always read & fully analyze each bill before they debate it & vote.
here are a few ideas
Sleepy Gary Approves. (When did we start using 3rd person narrative?)
There are two clear directions, vote (no) to keep Ocare towards single payer or vote (yes) for free market away from Government control
Just a question, Senator Paul.  Are you happy that you will be known as the person who saved Obamacare?
I would imagine so because he'll probably receive a YUGE payment from some swamp loving creature.
Rand Paul will NEVER be a yes. He's punishing us for electing Trump instead of him. It should be called Obama/Paulcare from now on.
https://goo.gl/3UUZN5  #Inspiration That was miaw!
#StandWithRand
Vote for it.. do it for the people.. we need the help
Vote for the bill.. forget yourself for once.. deductible are too high for us.. please
Respect 4ur clear principles But don't deny viable HCare Ppl cant afford prem/deduc work2jobs Highest Senate principle ServePpl GovtByForPpl

The Repeal bill is NOT dead. Collins and McCain are two solid no votes. Paul will flip to yes. McConnell plans a vote this week Please share
You need to support the president. Not your self.
You need to fix Obamacare not repeal! Work with the democrats for a change. Show the country you care more about it than only GOP
FULL REPEAL or FULL IMPLOSION...
Tweeting in the third person, now, are we?
Just go fix something!
So, our freedom from OBAMACARE hinges on 4 GOP who want a PERFECT BILL even though they can never agree on anything & side w/Dems EVERY TIME
Killing our chances to move away from ACA is a tragedy.
We The People want a swift end to ACA mandates and subsidies. Do it please #RepealACA We can't afford another year of it!
We will vote you out!
Please senator @RandPaul  if #GrahamCassidy  comes to a vote  do the rite thing for the American people and vote no.  please vote no 
Lets as a nation pull together and open our doors and arms to all Puerto Rico. Lets go pick them up and be what America is all about
I know you are doing it for entirely different reasons, but thank you for voting No, Senator Paul. I'll take any port in a storm.
You claim to be a "Comstitiutionalist", prove it by making sure they stop discriminating against Mental Health!
They shouldn't be able to categorize a specific group of specialties called Mental Health & financially discriminate against them!
Co's shouldn't be stealing & undercutting each other & should have to compete w/anything that improves people's health.
Also, it should mean getting rid of "legal theft" by drug co's so they have to pay royalties to the inventor of the formula & buy rights.
Senator I hope that includes fixing the system so it doesn't pay to worsen people's health but only pays to improve it.
If the staff at his local office were a bit less rude... I may be inclined to go there and voice my two cents in person...
Vote NO.
Weak senator Paul. So weak to even entertain these sweeteners and bribery. Meeting with two snakes in the grass knowing what we know. Awful
Sadly, Rand Paul plays a lot of games with Kentucky lives. All politicians in Washington are a bunch of liars, including Rand Paul.
Paul is full of crap.
Please @RandPaul don't cave in to pressure! #GrahamCassidy is a terrible deal for Americans! We want good bipartisan reform
Sure, Rand... Whatever...  You were a "no" on "Skinny Repeal" too... Until you weren't... You're just grandstanding yet again...
Y doesn't anyone listen to the repeal option that the senator Amy mentioned on the CNN debate.
Senator Paul. Tell them you'll sign anything as long as it's voluntary. Anything less is tyranny. Ask your Dad if you don't believe me.
What's your excuse now !
Vote yes for Graham-Cassidy it is better than Obamacare pass the legislation and then make amendments, stop the nonsense
I will ask President Trump to NOT sign on for more subsidies for obamacare. How many will lose coverage then? It is not working!
Opposing the bill and keeping obamacare regulations is not a good option. The repeal offers a path for movement to go in the right direction
Vote NO on Graham-Cassidy bill. As a doc, you know it is toxic for our country.
Repeal do not replace #Obamacare Get Big govt out of our business.
Thank you, Senator Paul for considering the Grahsm/Cassidy bill along with executive action plan. We'll TOTALLY get rid of Ocare! I'm w/ u!!
https://twitter.com/ReaganBattalion/status/912407265008914433 …
Really hope you guys can get this done!!  America needs it!
Paul needs to resign and take McCain, Collins with him. Maybe the dems would take them . Worthless incumbent liars #reelectnoone
@SenTedCruz @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins if the republican party can't change OBAMACARE maybe you should join the democrats they cant do
22 years in the Marine Corps, and have never been so disappointed. I hope you and the others who voted  to keep O C are out of a job soon.
You are now being checked. You said you will vote NO to Graham/Cassidy. We will see if you are a man of your word who votes NO!!
Rand Paul. The new face of the Obamacare mandates. Congratulations Rand.

Please make the best deal you can but VOTE YES. Anything is better than what we have or WORSE - single payer!
Glad I listened Sen -you changed my mind. BUT how quickly can your changes be done? Worried #TaxReform can't pass w/out O repeal (leg rules)



I support your decision. This bill is  a mistake
Did you ever intend to vote for a real repeal?  This ALL looks orchestrated by insurance lobbyists and it is sickening.
Proving, I guess at least honestly, you CAN be bought
Shame on you Rand
Did you never take the Hippocratic Oath? Live up to it. Bring insurers to the table, don't push patients from it.
Oh, and think about the relieve the country will have after impeaching Trump. Think about the people of this country.
#ImpeachTrumpNow!
Obamacare is a failure! Nothing affordable about it. Time to take a step in the right direction. Time to repeal and replace. No more excuses
Just don't change your mind at the last minute.It's not about your party it's about people who voted for u and their lives.Find compassion.
C'mon maaaaaaan get this across the finish line. Find a way.
We need to back rand freedom health insurance my freedom to choose needed coverage and individual responsibility
GOP has had over 7 yrs 2 try & rid OC but they can't get together.So our politicians gonna keep OC...very sad.Time 4the DINOS 2 leave office
I appreciate you being principled.  However, isnt this better than nothing?  Couldn't you accept now and push for additional reform later?
You promised to repeal and replace, it is so obvious that Washington DC is completely corrupt. SHAME ON YOU! Work  with our President!
So instead of better, knowing youll never get complete repeal.from RINos , you keep worst possible prospect. Thats my issue.
REPEAL & NO REPLACE! Get government out of our healthcare.
Good to hear Rand. You are open to a deal
Please do not let Obamacare be the law of the land. We voted for Trump because of the promises of repeal. We need Obama care ended
I live in a Democratic state. If they have control over our health insurance, they will go single/payer, we don't want it! REPEAL ONLY!
Senator Rand Paul is the only Senator supporting the taxpayers. #SupportRandPaul
Why does our government need to be involved in our health care ?   Because they want more control over us. We don't want the GOV control.
So we can count on you to turn down Medicare? Counting on you.
Did you ever vote anything on yes besides what you come up with
Please repeal
Ooooh guess you really weren't a no as you claim to be for the people. hahaha joke was on us as your for yourself/rich. Go home.
Reduce the bill total spend?  Ok makes sense.  Just get it done, instead of grandstanding with your "demands".
Keep sticking up for the people! No more government exemptions ever again!
Oh, so you can be bought. Good to know.
Rand Paul acts like a sniveling little child.  Full of himself.  Craves TV air time.  Despicable.  Both he and McConnell need to go home.
You SOBitches better do at least something...G/C is at least a start...fire you all 2018...liars..ya you.
I know you've heard it before, "thanks doc.".
Just concentrate on Tax reform!
Do not sell us out Mr Paul. Do not be bought by dirty GrahamCassidy money
Booooooooooooooooo
Please repeal Obama care or you will be remembered as YES to it
The repeal bill already failed, just like everything else Trump & the GOP has tried to do. They must not have told you yet on Fox 
We the ppl need your vote Helton get this passed and then stand strong to make it good
Don't ever run for national office you grandstands
Rand you need to lead or get on board.
Why bother you want your way. Collins wants hers Graham wants his and  so nothing gets done so now default is staying with Ocare forever
What happened to repeal!
What happened is that even the regressives can't survive if they repeal despite the wishes of their rich beeyatch donors!
Your party is FUBAR and DOA
Please get rid of Obama care. We will never get 60 votes to repeal. This is our only chance.
And exactly why do you hate O care? And why do you want your older relatives, your friends & fellow Americans to die? I gotta hear this!
When are we going to get the GOP that can't get anything passed out of office? Why don't you just say your freaking fine with ObamaCare.
Well they're not & even the Dems say they want 2 fix it but taking away healthcare from fellow Americans is not only heartless, it's a crime
@RandPaul Hey Rand, hope you vote yes! Always had great respect for you keep up the good fight !
Get on board
My way or highway loner. Doesn't give a crap no matter how much he lies
Can't you vote Yes to get things moving and make adjustments after the fact. Come on, Paul!!!!
Yeah like Regressives are ever going to do anything "better" after the fact when they can't do a damn thing right now!
Repeal and Replace the UNaffordable premiums hurting the middle class & the mandate hurting small businesses!
You do realize this bill will hurt the middle class and NOT help them?  Did you read the CBO on this bill?  Very enlightening!
So this is fixed we as voters want you to pass a bill that whatever we get you get in Healthcare!
& YOU always get to keep your golden standard government healthcare plan.. what a hypocrite
Until something is done, Obamacare is still the law and Republicans have not kept their promise to the nation.   Every day matters!
It certainly does and guess what? Every American life matters!
Take a seat. You're not helping Americans.
Please, sir. Do the right thing. #VoteNoGrahamCassidy!
Get on board and help struggling republicans have better healthcare.  Vote Yes on Graham-Cassidy.
Or do they just come back for more money?
What happens when certain states carelessly spend funds they're allotted? Are there any perameters in place to ensure responsible spending?
So they haven’t met the price you want for a “yes” vote cuz it’s not the issue of millions losing healthcare that bothers you.
Where were you virtue signallers when millions lost their healthcare due to
Obamacare?
Why do you always put on this dog and pony show every time there is a GOP bill. You know damn well you are voting Yes. Just want media attn.
What's the chance of making a deal. You know you can't get everything. Maybe 80 percent acceptable.
Good luck trying to pry that Block grant repeal money from 50 governers

This isnt healthcare
Its a subsidy that will ensure single payer hc
Why doesn't the Senate just pass your bill, which is much better? https://www.paul.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/ObamacareReplacementActSections.pdf …
I demand you vote YAY as your boss! I have monumental amounts of respect for you, but this is one time you're against the ppl of KY! Please!
You vote for Kentuckians, and we want this to pass. Most commenting here aren't from KY so they need to go speak to their senators...
If you vote NAY on this and it fails it will not be good for re-election, and we need you to stay in the Senate! Vote for the people!
Jesus...GET IT DONE!!
Get over yourself and repeal Obamacare. People are  tired of your shit
Rand, more of the same. No? Buchipluma no mas!
Consider a Moretoreum on Govt Health Insurance. Reinstate Private HC force industry to lower inflated Doctor's procedures & Drugs Cost
